VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 13.
MANILA HAS SURRENDERED
PANORAMA OF THE CITY OF MANILA, THE METROPOLIS OF THE PHILIPPINES,
NEWS OF THE
FALL IS FROM
EMBASSADOR H AY
Ir> Cipher ¥\e Cables t±>e Words: "fid
vices pron) H° n gk on g State Thjat
Manila Has Surrendered."
NEW YORK, June 12.— A special to the Herald from Wash
ington says : General Augusti, Governor General of the Philip
pines, has surrendered the city of Manila. This information was
conveyed to the State Department late to-night in a cablegram
from Embassador Hay in London.
The Embassador gave no particulars. His dispatch read :
"Advices from Hongkong state that Manila has surrendered."
In the absence of positive information the authorities cannot
say whether the surrender has been made to Admiral Dewey or
to General Aguinaldo, the insurgent leader. It is known that the
insurgents since Admiral Dewey's victory have been close to the
city of Manila, and that it was only a question of time when Gen
eral Augusti would be forced to surrender.
It is regarded as probable that the surrender has been
brought about by the activity of the insurgents rather than by the
American fleet, as it had been Admiral Dewey's policy to remain
inactive while awaiting the troops which have been started out to
re-enforce him.
It is regarded as probable, however, that the Spanish General
surrendered to Admiral Dewey rather than to the insurgent chief
tain, as he could be more assured that order would be preserved
and Spanish life and property protected under the American ad
miral than under General Aguinaldo.
Owing to the lateness of the hour when the cablegram from
Embassador Hay was received and its indefinite character it was
not communicated to the members of the Cabinet to-night. It is
hoped that information v/ill be received direct from Admiral Dewey
within the next few hours giving the details of the surrender.
As soon as the dispatch had been translated from the State Department
cipher in which it was received a copy of it was sent to the White House, where the in
formation was received with delight by President McKinley. While Embassador Hay
did not say what was the source of his information, it is believed by officials of the State
Department that the advices which he referred to were dispatches from British officials
at Hongkong, and that they are entirely reliable.
Detailed dispatches from Admiral Dewey are awaited with much interest by the
officials. It is not believed they will be far behind the cablegrams which have evidently
reached the. British Government. It is probable that the ship which carried the in
formation to the British officers at Hongkong also carried a dispatch from Admiral
Dewey to the Secretary of the Navy, but as Hongkong is a British port the dispatches of
the British Government would have the right of way.
POPE LEO OFFERS HIS SERVICES,
LONDON, June 13. — The Rome correspondent of the Standard says: Owing to the seri
ous news from the Philippines the Pope wired the Queen Regent of Spain, placing his services at
her disposal if she considered that the time had arrived for the intervention of the powers in favor
of Spain.
The Oueen Regent, in reply telegraphed her thanks, saying that "at an opportune mo
ment she should feel the Pope's offer to be very precious."
INTERVENTION BEING CONSIDERED.
LONDON, June 12. — The Daily says editorially this morning: "We learn from
an exceptionally well-informed source that communications of a character which lend themselves
to official repudiation, are passing between Vienna, Paris, Berlin and St. Petersburg on the ques
tion of intervention between Spain and America. It is said that Emperor Francis Joseph has taken
the initiative. Spain, however, must face the situation squarely. Cuba and Porto Rico will obtain
independence, and in all probability the United States will retain the Philippines as security for the
indemnity, which is not likely to be paid for many years."
All the special dispatches from Berlin this morning deny that Germany has any intention of
calling a conference as to the Philippines.
SUBURB OF SAN NICOLAS.
TREASURY AND CUSTOM
HOUSE.
The San Francisco Call
SUBURB OF
TONDO.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1898.
PARK AND MONUMENT
OF MAGELLAN.
SHIFTER'S
ARMY OFF
TO CUBA
Twenty -Nine Transports
Begin tr;e Voyage to
Santiago.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The Wash- j
lngton correspondent of the Herald
sends the following:
Major General Shafter, with his army
17,000 strong, is at last en route to San
tiago de Cuba. This is now officially
admitted by the officials. Twenty-nine
transports laden with the best material
of th© Untied States army are to-night
nearlng Key West, where they will Join
additional convoys from Admiral
Sampson's fleet. The authorities all in
sist there will be no further delay In
the Santiago expedition. They are no |
longer concerned about the quartet of i
Spanish gunboats, reported to be as- j
tray and waiting a favorable oppor- I
tunity to pounce upon the army trans- j
ports. With a strong fleet of naval i
vessel^ convoying the transports no
fear is entertained for the safety of the
expedition. Its arrival at Santiago by
Thursday is expected. Thus it seems
reasonable to predict that the present
week will see the American flag flying
over Santiago de Cuba.
The army now on its way to Santiago
comprises the best troops mobilized.
It is equipped and armed better than
any body of troops the United States
has ever sent into the field. Our in
fantry is furnished nearly exclusively
with Krag-Jorgensen rifles, which are
considered by ordnance experts the
most destructive rifle now in use. The
insurgents, who are expected to form
a junction with the American troops
at the place of landing, have been
armed by the United States with mod
ern Springfield rifles. The army has an
abundance of ammunition to carry it
on a long and difficult campaign.
The transports will be kept as closely
together as safe navigation will per- j
mlt, and the warships will be'deployed i
ahead, astern and on either flank of j
the fleet. Scouting vessels will be j
thrown far out in advance of the trans
ports and in order ■ insure against
an attack from the rear, some of these
vessels will linger far astern, ready to
signal the heavily armored cruisers at
the first sign of an approaching foe.
The battleship Indiana Is expected to
lead the ships.
TAMPA, Fla., June 12.— The censor
says we can tell what we saw on
Wednesday. We cannot tell what hap
pened before that day or after that day.
This the sc^ne:
Men are marching to the tune of a
drum and cars are shunting and whistles
blowing, and at the end of a long
pier trucks are rolling over loose
boards loaded with boxes of ammuni
tion arid rifles. Whenever they pass
the soldiers sleeping on the loose boards
are shaken a half inch or so and groan
In their sleep, other sleepy and hungry
soldiers fall out of army transports and
walk over the bodies of men asleep on
the boards. The clay has begun and no
one has slept, and soon the water is
covered with boats laden with baggage
and men, and the transports are crowd
ed with men at the port holes, shoulder
to shoulder on the decks, and on the
superstructure men hanging on ratlines
are crucified against the sky on the
mainstays.
The sun comes out fierce and brazen.
There is not enough wind to raise the
flags on the halliards. The bay is like
a mirror with ouicksilver on fire. Over
this lake of blazing quicksilver great
transports move slowly out into mid
stream, and as each stirs and feels the
first pull of the towing line, hundreds
of American soldiers hanging to their
sides take off their sombreros and
cheer, ana the bands on the decks play
"The Star Spangled Banner"; and as
they pass the transports at anchor the
soldiers cheer each other, and the
crowds on the - ier cheer them, and the
hot air is torn with their voices and
fanned with thousands of hats beating
it and raised in relief and rejoicing.
That is where the scene halts for the
present.
RICHARD HARDING DAVIS.
TAMPA. Fla., June 12.— The expedi
tion that sailed from here to Key West
prior to going to Santiago was made
up of nearly twenty regiments of in
fantry of from 600 to 650 men each, in
cluding, besides. four regiments of the
Fifth Army Corps, four regiments of
HEADQUARTERS OF
CARBINEERS.
BRIDGE OF SPAIN.
artillery. The total fores of regular
infantry was about 11,000 men. There
were also two regiments of volunteer
infantry, about 2000 men. and two
squadrons each from the First, Third,
Sixth, Ninth and Tenth Cavalry, about
2000 men; eight troops of volunteer
cavalry taken from Koosevelt's Rough
Riders, 560 men; four batteries of light
artillery, 400 men, and sixteen guns;
I two batteries of heavy artillery, 200
men, and sixteen guns; the battalion
of engineers, 200 men; signal and hos
pital corps, etc., about 300 men, a grand
total of about 17,000 men.
The regulars were practically picked
men, as not a single recruit was taken,
j the regiments carrying only old
seasoned troops.
The following is the list of transports
! arranged in their numerical order, with
names, commanders and carrying ca
pacity.
I— Miami, Commander McDonald... 1200 men
2— Santiago, Commander Leighton.. M 0
[ S— Gusale, Commander Girney 1000
4— Cherokee, Commander Garvln 1000
6— Seneca, Captain Decker 900
6— Alamo, Captain Hlx 900
7— Comal, Captain, Evans 950
176 horses
B— Yucatan, Captain Robertson 760 men
9— Berkshire, Captain Diser 475
174 horses
10— Whitney, Captain Staples 1100 men
11— Olivette, Captain Levlnson 400
15 horses
12— Pegurancia, Captain Hanson 500 men
13— Blank.
14— Concho, Captain Rick 1300
IS— Florida. Captain Miner 600
16_City of Washington, Captain
Stevens 900
17— Allegheny, Captain Nickersen 4.V)
190 horses
18— San Marco, Captain Itsen 1100 men
2S horses
19— H. Miller, Captain Peterson SriO men
300 horses
20— Saratoga, Captain Johnson 990 men
21— Leon, Captain ..llders UGO
22— Rio Orande, Captain Staples 1100
25— Iroquols, Captain Klmble 950
28 — Mattewan, Captain Lewis 800
400 horses
27— Morgan. Captain Staples
28— Stillwater, Captain Gartle
29— Break water, Captain Rivers
30 — Piin.liprlar.d •• •••
31— Knickerbocker 900 men
t2— Clinton
State of Texas (hospital). Com
mander Young
Barges Bessie, Martha; tug Cap
tain Sam
On the sides and on the smokestacks
of every one of the transports which
formed the fleet were painted large
white numbers, and by these numbers
the vessels were officially known, their
original names being discarded. This
was for the purpose of facilitating sig
naling between the flagship and the
other vessels of the fleet.
ADMIRAL CAMARA IS
COMING TO HIS DOOM.
Expected to Leave Cadiz With Span
ish Beserve Squadron the Latter
Part of This Week.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Official information received by the
naval authorities is that the departure
of the Spanish resp- —<» squadron from
Cadiz under command of Admiral Ca
mara may be expected the latter part
of this week. Its immediate destina
tion, it is believed, will be the Canaries,
and after that Porto Rico and Cuba.
Plans have been practically formulat
ed by the Naval War Board for meet
ing and destroying Admiral Camara's
squadron, and for operating against
the Canary Islands, and Spain just as
soon as Admiral Cervera's squadron is
destroyed. As soon as Santiago de
Cuba and the Spanish fleet there are
taken a formidable squadron will be
organized to cruise in search of Ca
mara's squadron, and if accessary a
demonstration will be made against
Spain. This squadron will probably be
commanded by Commodore Schley.
Rear Admiral Sampson will direct op
erations in Cuban and Porto Rican
waters.
If it is finally determined to form such
a squadron as indicated it is considered
highly probable that Commodore
Schley's immediate operations will be
directed p^ainst the Canary Islands,
and as soon as they are in his posses
sion they v. ill be an advantageous base
for operations against Spain.
The Kaiser's Latest Contract.
LONDON, June 13.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Nagasaki, Japan, says:
"I have trustworthy information that
Germany is determined to prevent a bom?
bardment of Manila."
CHURCH OF
BANTA CRUZ.
FIRST REAL
BATTLE ON
CUBAN SOIL
Prolonged Fight in Which
Four Americans Are
Killed.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 12.— One of the Herald's
dispatch boats, which has reached Port Antonio, reports that
a fight has taken place at Guantanamo between the United
States marines and Spanish troops. The Spanish advanced
on the camp the marines had established on the crest of the
heights, through the thick tropical undergrowth. Sergeant
Smith, who was on the extreme outpost relieving the guard,
fell at the first fire. Some of the marines who were missing
have since been found. The outpost did not wait to attack
the Spanish, but retreated, and later the firing began, half a
mile to the right, in the woods. There was a short skirmish
and the Spaniards retired. Commander McCalla sent a de
tachment of the Marblehead's marines in a launch to assist
their comrades. Ensign Sullivan took the launch within a
few yards of the shore, hoping to draw the enemy's fire, but
by the time they arrived there were no signs of the Spaniards.
Nothing is definitely known of the strength of the Spanish
forces, but it is reported that there are 3000 troops in the vi
cinity of Caimanero and Guantanamo. Three hundred Cu
bans are expected to-morrow to occupy a point on the other
side of the bay from the camp of the marines.
ON BOARD the Associated Press
Dispatch boat Dauntless, off Guanta
namo, Sunday, June 12 (via M-ole St.
Nicholas June 12). — Lieutenant Colonel
R. W. Huntington's battalion of ma
rines, which landed from the transport
Panther oil Friday and encamped on the
hill guarding the abandoned cable sta
tion at the entrance to the outer har
bor of Guantanamo, has been engaged
in heading off a rush attack by Span
ish guerillas and regulars since 3
o'clock Saturday afternoon. The fight
ing was almost continuous for thir
teen hours, until 6 o'clock in the morn
ing, when re-enforcements were landed
from the Marblehead. Four of our men
were killed and one wounded. The ad
vance pickets under Lieutenants Neville
and Shaw are unaccounted for.
Among the killed is Assistant Sur
geon John Blair Gibbs, son of Major
Gibbs of the regular army, who fell in
the Custer massacre. His home was at
Richmond, Va., but he has been prac
ticing in New York and entered the
service since the war began. He was a
very popular officer. The others killed
are Sergeant Charles H. Smith of
Smallwood, Private William Dunphy of
Gloucester, Mass., and Private James
McColgan of Stoneham, Mass. Cor
poral Glass was accidentally wounded in
the head.
The Spanish loss is unknown, but it
was probably considerable. The
splashes of blood found at daylight at
the positions the Spanish occupied in
dicate fatalities, but their comrades car
ried off the killed and wounded.
The engagement began with desultory
firing at the pickets, a thousand yards
inland from the camp. Captain Spi
cer's company was doing guard duty
and was driven in, finally rallying on
the camp and repuising the enemy by
5 o'clock. The bodies of Privates Mc-
Colgan and Dunphy were found, both
shot in the head. The large cavities
made by the bullets, w r hich inside a
range of 500 yards have a rotary mo
tion, indicate that the victims were
killed at close range.
The bodies were stripped of shoes,
hats and cartridge belts and horribly
mutilated with machetes.
When they were brought in the whole
battalion formed three sides of a hol
low square aliout the camp on the hill
top. Below in the bay were the war
ships at anchor. Inland from the hill
camp is a deep ravine, and beyond this
are high hills. The adjacent country is
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
t ,v MILITARY HEADQUARTERS.
AVENUE DE LA
CALYADA.
heavy with a thi-ket growth.
The sky was blanketed with clouds,
and when the sun set a gale was blow
ing seaward. Night fell, thick and im-
I penetrable. The Spanish squads, con
cealed in the chaparral cover, had tha
I advantage, the men furnishing a fine
I target against the sky. The Spaniards
! fought from cover till midnight, dis
| coverablc only by the flashes of the
guns. The repeaters sounded like
crackers in a barrel.
The Marblehead's launch, with a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Bm^/ycgij^aEi>ggpj^Mggß The womaa
vigor of hes
J///'\JljS own womanly organism
' /^Mf I if/i) during the period preced- -
<0~//ll 11 1 I m % motherhood, is inno-
& fill 11 1 1 •■• ■ ccntly.. and without reali*.
Z r'iln\ Ju / 1 * n % it, a? much responsible j
j jj[v/(/i'///J for her child's " death, as tha
• sV^"i' 1 1// I mad woman . who • slays " hex
AQyJ/0\ babe, after its birth. .. Thou-
. sands of babes are still-bora ''■_
; • ( every year because women in«
• noc'ently and ignorantly neglect, during th«
. expectant period, to take proper care of tha j
delicate and important organs that bear the
burdens of maternity." :' • ' ;-''"'■■
There \s just one known ; medicine that
prepares a woman for capable motherhood.
It is Dr. Pierces Favorite , Prescription. It
acts directly and only on the . organs con-
cerned in motherhood making them strongr
and healthy. ? It imparts to them vigor and
elasticity. It allays, inflammation, heals
'ulceration, ' soothes pain and ' gives rest to
the tortured nerves. It does away with tha ;
discomforts of the -"expectant . period, and ,
makes tne cuming.of baby easy and almost *
painless. It insures the health of baby.
Over 90,000 have' testified to its virtues. -
All good druggists sell it. ; . ,;
'. -' "In the fall of i*«.'' writes Mrs. N. f A. Thomas,
of 400 Pulaski St., Little Rock, Ark.', " while on a
visit to Texarkana, Ark.. I was taken with a se-
; vere pain in my head and was hardly able to get
home. - 1 was prostrated for four weeks, not being '
; able to sit : up. * During that i time < the doctors
failed to give me any relief whatever. At length
I was inauced to try Dr. Pierces . Favorite Pre-
scription. ; One bottle cured me entirely. -I felt
relieved after the first three doses, and ; have
never felt the pain since. I send this testimonial
that others may benefited by it. Yours with
a thousands thanks " MS«H|JgfflMtßpM|
It is as much a woman's duty to look after
the health of the : family as to care for the j
\ cleanliness of the home Dr. Pierces Com-
. mon j Sense Medical Adviser . enables her to
do this. :- It contains 1,008 pages and : 300 il^
lustrations, and is written in language that '
any one may understand. ' - Over a' million
{ women own copies . A new edition is just ■
out and for a limited ■ time copies will be
• given 7 frke to those who write; for them.
If you want a paper - covered copy, send
■ twenty-one one-cent ; stamps,': to | cover the
; cost of ; mailing only, to the World's " Dis-
; pensary Medical Association, No. T 66} Main
> Street, Bunalo, N. Y. Or. for cloth binding,
Bend ten cents extra, 31 cents in all. ' vi2
MAP OF EASTERN CUBAN WATERS,
Showing the several cable lines connecting the island with the outside world
lately cut by Adrqiral Sampson, and how by the capture of Guantanamo Bay he
not only secures a base of supplies. but by way of Cape Haitien direct cable
connection with York over the line of an American company thus obviat
ing the necessity of sending a dispatch-boat to Port Antonio, Jamaica, or St.
Nicholas Mole, Haiti, for communication with Washington.
Colt machine gun in her bow, pushed
up the bay, enfilading the Spaniards,
and it is thought that some were killed
The marines trailed much blood to the
water's edge and there lost it. Sharks
are numerous in the vicinity.
The ships threw their searchlights
ashore, the powerful eyes sweeping the
deep tropical foliage and disclosing oc
casionally skulking parties of Spaniards.
It all represented a transformation scene
at the harbor.
Each discovery of the enemy was
greeted by the cracks of carbines
along the edge of the camp ridge or
by the long roll of the launch's machine
gun, searching the thickets with a
leaden stream.
Shortly after midnight came the
main attack. The Spaniards made a
gallant charge up the southwest slope,
but were met by repeated volleys from
the main body and broke before they
were one-third of the way up the hill;
but they came so close that at points
this was almost a hand-to-hand struK
gle. The officers nred x jtheir revolvers.
The Spaniards got through the open
formation to the edge of the camp.
Colonel Jose Campina, the Cuban
guide, discharged his revolver, and they,
turning and finding themselves without
support, ran helter skelter down the re
verse side of the hill.
It was during this assault that Assis
tant Surgeon Gibbs was killed. He was
shot in the head in front of his own
tent, the farthest point of attack. He
fell into the arms of Private Sullivan
and both dropped. The second bullet
threw dust in their faces. Surgeon
Gibbs lived ten minutes, but did not
regain consciousness.
The surgeons of the hospital corps
then moved their quarters to the
trenches about _the old Spanish stock
ade north of the camp. The attacks
were continued at intervals during the
rest of the night with firing by small
squads in various directions.
Toward morning the fire slackened.
Dawn is the favorable time for attack,
and as the east paled the marines lying
on their guns were .aroused. Some
were actually asleep, as they had had no
rest for forty-eight hours, and tired na
ture could no longer stand the strain.
But no attack came.
Three new two-pound field guns,
which could not be used during the
night for fear of hitting our own men,
fhelled several squads of Spaniards af
ter daylight. They dove into the
bushes like prairie dogs into burrows
as the shells broke over them in the
gray dawn. As the correspondent of
the Associated Press talked with Major
Ccckrell. who was in charge of the oi:t
posts, word came of the finding of the
body of Sergeant Smith. He was re
ported as having been killed at .5 o'clock
on ihe previous day, but it appears that
he li.-id been seen alive at io o'clock i:i
Ihe evening. When and how he was
killed no one knows at this wri*.ng.
Neither had the men been mustered out.
nor had the cutposts of Nevill aul
Shaw Veen relieved
Lieutenant Colonel Huntington and
Major Cockrell gave high praise to the
nerve and steadiness of officers and
men, especially the younger, as the en
gagement was a baptism of fire for a
large majority. The men were in dark
ness and in a strange land, but they
stood to their posts with courage and
fortitude and there were no symptoms
of a panic. The marines, though much
exhausted, were eager for more fight
ing, promising to inflict heavy punish
ment.
To-day the amplest precautions have
been taken, and, as the Dauntless was
leaving, re-enforcements were landing
from the Marblehead. A stormy time
was expected.
Estimates vary as to the attacking
force. Some say 200 and the others
run as high as 1000. Colonel Campina,
the Cuban guide, said the Spaniards |
were mostly irregulars, but the reports j
of the discharge of Mauser rifles would
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Do you know the
most luxurious bath
in the world ?
Have you used
Pears' Soap?
indicate that they were reerulars, as
most of the guerrillas carry Remington
rifles.
The Cuban guerrillas, as a rule, have
more dash and courage than the regu
lars. The new campaign uniforms
prove satisfactory and are almost invis
ible at a distance of 200 yards.
The Lee guns caused several acci
dents on the drawing of cartridges. Cor
poral Glass shattered his hand.
Despite the loss of men, which is
keenly regretted, the marines rejoice
that they have been engaged in their
first fight on Cuban soil. They sailed
from New York the day war was de
clared. Since then till they landed on
the shore of Guantanamo Bay they
have been cooped up in the Panther
and they had begun to fear that the
troops would beat them after all.
SPLENDID ACHIEVEMENT
OF THE GOVERNMENT.
How an Immense Army Has Been
Created and Supplied Within
Six Weeks.
WASHINGTON, June 12.— Secretary
Alger to-day gave out for publication
a statement showing with exactness
Just what had been done by the W.ir
Department in preparing the army for
war. The report of the subsistence de
partment shows that it has, since May
14, or In less than a month, loaded
twelve solid miles of freight cars with
provisions for the army. This included
19,126,945 rations, or 32,180 tons for the
regular and volunteer troops.
Prior to April 21, In anticipation of
the present emergency, the department
had been accumulating small arms and
cartridges, and had about 20,000,000 of
all kinds. There have been procured
many millions more by manufacture
and purchase since April 21, and the
manufacture and delivery of small
arm cartridges will soon reach 700*000
a day. There have been issued to the
army small arms of all kinds and the
supply Is sufficient for anticipated
wants.
Since April 21, the old regular batter
ies have had their armament increased
from four guns and caissons to six guns
and caissons. The new regular batter
ies have been supplied with six guns
and caissons and their battery wagons
and forges. Sixteen volunteer batter- I
ies have been supplied either in whole |
or in part. The department has sent to
the field a large number of 5-lnch siege !
guns and 7-inch siege howitzers, with
their carriages, timber, platforms, im- j
plements, equipment, tools and chests ;
complete; also 7-inch mortars.
Smokeless powder is now being issued
for all field and siege guns. The sup- ;
ply of ammunition already ordered for I
field cannon is considered sufficient for
the present time. There have been |
shipped to the fortifications since j
April 21, many seacoast carriages, guns '
for which are already provided. Rapid j
fire guns and an ample supply of am- j
munition, cartridges, shells, shrapnel,
fuses and smokeless powder for the '
same have been purchased, and a por- i
tion has already been installed at the !
Government works.
There have been chartered without
seriously hampering the coastwise lines j
forty-one first-class steamships for the i
transports on the Atlantic coast, four
water vessels, one tug, three steam
lighters and one steamer for the signal
service. All of these had to be refitted
to a greater or less extent.
The Government has made most ac
ceptable contracts for coal at New Or
leans, Mobile, Tampa, Key West, Sa- j
vannah and Fernandina, and also coal
afloat to follow the transports to Cuba
and Porto Rico.
It has been most difficult to secure
ships on the Pacific Ocean, not be
cause of unwillingness of the steam
ship companies to give their ships, but
from the fact that they were not avail
able, for the reason that most of the
companies vTere trading across the Pa
cific and as far south as Panama, and
we could get the vessels when they ar
rived in port. In many instances these
companies have had to charter other
vessels to replace those it was neces
sary for the Government to have to
transact its business. American regis
try was required for a number of ships,
but there was no difficulty in getting all
the vessels necessary for transporting
troops to the Philippines.
Because of the long distance these
ships had to go some delays were
caused in fitting them out as transports.
So far ten vessels have been chartered.
The movement of troops to the ren
dezvous points was a vast undertaking.
The volunteer troops have gone to their
destination with promptness and with
remarkable freedom from accident or
delay. Altogether, the troops trans
ported, regular and volunteer, were 126
regiments of infantry, 34 regiments,
battalions of troops of cavalry and 20
batteries of artillery.
Some of the purchases by the
quartermaster's department include
8810 cavalry horses, 12,802 draft mules
2109 pack mules, 500 small mules, 1500
small horses, 4090 wagons, 425 ambu
lances, 17,052 single harnesses, 1500 sad
dles and bridles, 1497 pack saddles, 3100
halters, 1755 artillery horses and 544
draft horses for siege trains, 106 663
blankets, 123,128 blouses, 25,730 canvas
coats and trousers, 55,580 canton flannel
drawers, 123,905 slimmer drawers, 121,709
campaign hats, 23,950 canvas hats, 92,
884 legglns, 105,287 paunchos, 130,785
flannel shirts, 192,656 leather shoes, 30,
999 cotton socks, 24,270 woolen stock
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1898.
A HOSPITAL SHIP FOR THE WOUNDED.
ings, 24,830 hammocks, 8125 helmets, 3820
mosquito bars, 2000 head nets, 6066 com
mon tents, 141,562 shelter halves, 3562
wall tents and 1250 conical tents.
HOSPITAL TRAIN FOR
SOLDIERS AND SAILORS.
Will Be Kept in Service During the
War and Is Expected to Be of
Incalculable Value.
NEW YORK, June 12.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: There
Will be a hospital train out of this city
in a few days that will eclipse anything
of the kind er befor% run. It will be
the first hospital train of this war, and
the most completely equipped of any
in the history of our country. It will
go on a southern railwa 1 ' to Tampa.
It will carry in addition to a specially
picked crew, twenty members of the
United States army hospital corps, who
| will act in the capacity of nurses, hos
i pital stewards, cooks and other attend
! ants of a modern hospital. It will be
! in command of llaior Richards, lately
on duty at Fort Munroe and Captain
Stiles, lately on duty at Fort Preble.
On its arrival at Tampa it will be used
as a stationary hospital for any sick
and wounded soldiers, sailors and ma
rines until it is deemed advisable to
carry them to some army hospital far
ther north. It will then be re-converted
into a moving hospital, and will act as
a transport for the sick. It will be
kept in service throughout the entire
war, and is ex-ected to be of incalcul
able value to the Government in carry
ing sick and wounded to the hospital
station at Fort McPherson, Ga., Chica
mauga or 1 ort Thomas, Ky.
PHILADELPHIA TO BE
SENT TO HONOLULU.
Will Hoist the Stars and Stripes Over
the Islands Should Congress
Vote for Annexation.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent* telegraphs:
Rear Admiral Miller, commander-in
chlef of the Pacific station, will hoist
the American flag over the Hawaiian
Islands as soon as Congress ratifies the
resolution of annexation which is now
being discussed in the House of Rep
resentatives. As soon as the cruiser
Philadelphia is placed In commission,
on July 1, she will become the flagship
of the Pacific squadron and will sail
for Honolulu. I understand that the
administration is determined to send a
modern man-of-war to Honolulu and
that the Mohican will be sent to the
far East to cruise among the Spanish
possessions which are not yet under
control of Rear Admiral Dewey and
seize them in the name of the United
States. ,
Secretary Long w.-- consult with
Captain Crowinshield during the week
as to the officer to be placed in com
mand of the Philadelphia. It is be
lieved that the billet lies between two
officers— Captain i^ouis Kempff, now
captain of the Mare Island Navy Yard,
and Captain Silas W. Terry, command
ing the receiving ship Franklin.
ASTOR'S BATTERY WILL
BE SENT TO MANILA.
' Captain March Receives Orders to
Proceed at Once to San Fran-
cisco.
NEW YORK, June., 12.1 2.— A Washlng
' ton special to the Herald says: It is
! now definitely settled that John Jacob
i Astor's battery will go to the Phillp
! pines. Final orders to this effect were
sent to Captain March last night. The
' battery will start immediately. It is
; expected it will embark from San Fran
| cisco with the rest of General Mer
ritf s troops, comprising the third ship
j ment, about June 23.
The horses and mules purchased by
Colonel Astor will not be sent to San
Francisco. General Merritt will take
only a few horses with him as an ex
; periment. He believes the native horses
i to be more serviceable and less expen
! sive. The animals purchased by Colonel
| Astor will be purchased by the Govern
ment and sent to Cuba.
DAMAGE SUSTAINED
BY DEWEY'S FLEET.
Olympia Received ; Five Shot Holes
in Upper Works and a Bullet
Pierced ; a "Whaleboat.
MANILA BAY, May 4. (via Hong-
I kong, May 10. V— The following is an ac
curate list of the damage . and injuries
sustained by the American fleet during
the battle of Manila Bay: ■ , , - . ;
Olympia, five shot- holes in her upper
works and six men wounded by a 4.7
inch shell striking : and , exploding a 3
pounder shell; injuries not serious. "
Raleigh, 1-pounder shell [ through " her
whaleboat; now repaired.
Boston, Petrel, Concord, - no damage
or injuries.
.-,; The Spanish* fleet was • slightly over
matched in ordnance, ; but not in \ such
a degree ; as to account '■ for the mar
velous disparity ;in the damages in
flicted. 'Of , the guns : that throw a shot
of one pound or over the Spanish '•■ car
ried ninety, while ' the American fleet
was armed with 118 of such' weapons.
• -»
PORTUGAL ADHERES TO
A NEUTRAL POLICY.
American Legation at Lisbon Guard
ed to Prevent Treachery by-
Spanish Residents.
LISBON, June ; 12.— Whatever may be
the anti-American ■; feeling among - the
people, the Government : has ; remained
loyally neutral. !j At the outbreak : of the
war Spain made tempting.' proposals to
secure friendly support,; but the , Port
uguese Ministers wisely refrained from ac
cepting; them. A guard is stationed out
side the ; American -legation- as a precau
tionary measure. This was not asked for
by . Minister. Townsend, who ;is most
popular,- but is due -to i the large number
of Spaniards— 7ooo— ln this city. .
-•■•■ '- -■ ■ " ■:■ ■•" '":. ■*'. ' •■"■ ■-_••■•
Spain Not Seeking Mediation.
LONDON, June 13.— The Vienna corre
spondent of the Times says:
"There is not a particle of truth in the
rumor that Spain has appealed to Em
peror Franz Joseph to mediate or that
a correspondence is contemplated to dis
cuss the ultimate etatua of the Philip
pines.'*
SHOOTING AT
CHICKAMAUGA
Incident That Closes the
Groggeries.
DIVEKEEPER USES A PISTOL
FLEECES AND WOUNDS ONE OF
THE SOLDIERS.
His Gambling Den Wrecked by Com
rades of the Victim — Prompt
Action of General
Brooke.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL MILI
TARY PARK, Ga. f June 12.-A much
needed rain fell to-day, cooling the at
mosphere and laying the dust. The
men were relieved this morning from
any duties and hundreds were given
leave to visit the city, Lookout Moun
tain and the Ridge.
An incident occurred this morning at
the camp which will probably termi
nate the exist >nee of illicit whisky
shops and gambling dens, which have
up to this time been permitted to ply
their busiiu-ss by the Georgia authori
ties without hindrance. A private of
the Twenty-first Kansas Regiment,
who had been drinking at the whisky
dive of one Joy Baker uecame involved
in a difficulty with the barkeeper.
Blows followed, and Baker drew a re
volver, firing point blank at the soldier,
the bullet, it was claimed by the sol
dier, striking him near the left eye,
inflicting a. severe wound, which may
cause the loss of an eye. The name of
the soldier will be supplied soon.
The fight attracted the attention of
the throngs on the streets of the mush
room town and soon a crowd of soldiers
rushed in, Baker, fearing further
trouble, getting out of the way. A large
body of soldiers formed for the purpose
of avenging the injury to their com
rade, and for a while it looked as if
there would be serious trouble. An
armed guard, however, was quickly de
tailed by urder of General Brooke, who
took charge of Baker and his place, and
order was soon restored. The soldier
was taken to his division hospital,
where the surgeon investigated his in
juries. Ho found a wound as indicated,
but thought the injury had been
caused by a bit of broken glass and
not by a bullet.
After the shooting a number of sol
diers discovered the gambling den was
running a brace fame and that the dif
ficulty between the soldier and Baker
had resulted from the fact that the lat
ter had been playing the former with
loaded dice. It took the soldiers only
a few minutes to demolish the place.
They broke up the i... niture, scattered
the gambling mraphernalia in the
street and were only deterred from
pulling the house down by the arrival
of officers.
It is stated this evening that a num
ber of good citizens in the vicinity will,
because of the failure of the Georgia
officers to enforce the law, petition that
the portion of Walker County in the
vicinity of the park be put under mar
tial law, so that General Brooke can
administer the law on the lawless ele
ment now doing a thriving business
there.
Every train from the park this morn
ing- was crowded with soldiers who had
been given permission to visit the city
and the mountain. One of the trains
from the park was crowded to suffo
cation and a number of soldiers
mounted to the top of the coaches. At
a point about three miles from Chat
tanooga a number of telegraph wires
cross the track of the railroad over
which the soldier excursion train was
passing. When the train reached this
point C. H. Acmes and Thomas Bar
rett of the Fourteenth New York and
"Judd" Sharp of the Sixteenth Penn
sylvania were standing on top of a car.
Sharp was caught under the chin and
around the neck by one of the wires
and scragged off the car, pulling with
him Asmefl and Barrett, who attempt
ed to catch him. The men were picked
up, taken back to Lytle and placed in
the Leiter Hospital. They were badly
bruised and scratched, tut no bones
were broken and no internal injuries
were inflicted. All will doubtless re
cover.
BRITISH STEAMER LOST
IN ST. MARYS BAY
Crew and Passengers Saved — That
Scare Off Cape Bace Caused by
a British. Gunboat.
ST. JOHNS, N. P., June 12.— The British
steamer Atbaria, Captain Smith, from St.
John, N. 8., for Liverpool, which went
ashore in St. Marys Bay on Friday, is
a total wreck. The passengers and crew
are now on the way to this port.
The war ship whose presence off Cape
Race last week gave rise to so many
startling reports, proves to be the British
gunboat Gunnare. She is engaged In sur
veying some unmapped shoala on the
edge of the Orand Banks.
ANNEXATION IS
ALL ABSORBING
The Vexed Question Now
Up for Action.
UNCERTAINTY IN CONGRESS.
MISGIVINGS OF FRIENDS OF
THE SCHEME.
Great Difficulty of Maintaining a
Quorum in the Senate Owing
to the Activity of the
Opposition,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 12.— The first
days of the week in the Senate will be
devoted to miscellaneous matters on
the calendar, and the last days of it
to the Hawaiian question, if present
plans are pursued. The Hawaiian ques
tion ia attracting more attention than
any other matter now before Congress,
and upon its disposition largely de
pends the date of final adjournment of
the session. Senator Frye is deter
mined to get the House resolution up
in the Senate as soon as it passes the
House, and asserts his ability to hold
the Senate in session for a reasonable
time, or until the matter can be dis
posed of.
It is conceded on all hands that there
is a majority in the Senate favorable to
annexation, but some of those who are
friendly to this cause admit the diffi
culty of maintaining a quorum of its
friends, and expect the opponents of
annexation to refuse to assist them in
maintaining a working Senate.
Among other measures which there
will be an effort to have considered
during the week are the bill for the
incorporation of the International
Bank, Senator Pettigrew's bill regulat
ing the accounts of the public lands
and the quarantine bill. The con
ference committee report on the In
dian appropriation bill is likely to re
ceive attention, and it is understood
that if opportunity offers a portion of
the time will be devoted to the private
pension and House bills on the calen
dar. Senator Morgan hopes to have a
favorable report on the Nicaragua ca
nal bill to present to the Senate late in
the week.
The debate upon the Newlands reso
lutions, providing for the annexation of
Hawaii, will continue in the House
this week until Wednesday afternoon,
when at 5 o'clock a vote will be taken.
Meanwhile conference reports upon the
sundry civil, Indian and District of Co
lumbia appropriation bills may be pre
sented and considered, but owing to
the great tlesire to'speak upon Hawaii
these reports most likely will be de
layed until after Wednesday. The gen
eral deficiency bill is expected to be
taken up Thursday and will be dis
posed of quickly, .-vside from the quar
antine bill, there are no measures of
much importance likely to come up, be
yond appropriation bills.
PORTO RICO NEARING
STATE OF STARVATION.
The Government of the Islands Has
Established a Few Public
Kitchens.
ST. THOMAS, Danish West Indies,
June 12.— Walter Bett, who is said to
have been a secretary of Mr. Craw
ford, the British Consul at San Juan de
Porto Rico, the latter now acting for
the United States, arrived here yester
day. Mr. Bett was accused of commu
nicating information to the United
States cc-ncerning the mines and forti
fications of San Juan, and he was
therefore ordered to leave Porto Rico.
The Spanish claim that this is a flag
rant breach of British neutrality and
dangerous for Mr. Crawford, unless it
can be proved that the latter was not
the employer of Mr. Bett, and that the
expelled secretary is not answerable
for his actions to the British Govern
ment.
Mr. Bett denies having supplied the
United States authorities with the
information referred to. Thirty-one
Porto Ricans, mostly women, also ar
rived here yesterday. The newspapers
say that two months of the existing
conditions will bring Porto Rico to the
verge of starvation. The Government
of the islands has established a few
public kitchens for the relief of those
who are suffering most.
The Spanish torpedo-boat destroyer
Terror is now regarded as being use
less, owing to the break-down of her
boilers and the lack of means to repair
them. She is still at San Juan de Porto
Rico with the Alfonso XIII, Isabel I,
Ponce de Leon, Concha and Comachat.
At least they were all there when the
refugees left San Juan.
DIED.
McHENRY- At her late residence, 716 Florida
street, June 12, 189$, Llllle, beloved wife of
Charles McHenry, daughter of the late John
and Catherine Hogan, and sister of Mary.
Thomas, John, Charles and Maggie Hogan
and Mrs. J. Donovan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2G years and 4 months.
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
MASSACRED BY
THE "WAR BOYS"
One Thousand Persons Killed in *
the Recent Uprising in Sierra
Leone.
LIVERPOOL, June 12.— Steamers which have arrived here from
Sierra Leone report that 1000 persons were killed in the recent uprising
in that district. One hundred and twenty inhabitants of Free Town, most
of them traders, are known to have been massacred, and other colonists
were carried into the bush by the "war boys" and undoubtedly met a
worse fate. Three hundred friendly natives were killed. Besides the
white missionaries, six colored missionaries of the United Brethren of
Christ were murdered at Manohbargru. The English missionaries are
at the mercy of the "war boys," but have not been molested.
ENGLISH COAL
SHIP A PRIZE
The Twickenham Taken
by the St. Louis.
CARRIED FUEL FOR CERVERA.
CAPTURED WHILE TRYING TO
REACH THE SPANIARDS.
Its Cargo Will Be Confiscated as Con
traband of War and the Ves
sel Will Be Re
leased.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, Hayti, June
12. — The merchantman captured by the
auxiliary cruiser St. Louis just off
Morant Point, Jamaica, last Friday
night was the British steamship
Twickenham. On board the Twicken
ham is 3200 tons of coal for the Span
ish fleet. She has been sent as a prize
to Key West.
The captured collier is the London
steamship which went first to Marti
nique, expecting to effect a juncture
with Admiral Cervera's squadron at
that island. The fleet had departed be
fore her arrival and she was detained
there as a suspicious vessel by the
French authorities. Word was brought
to Admiral Sampson that the Twick
enham had left Martinique on Wednes
day. The St. Louis was detailed to in
tercept her.
Twenty miles out of Kingston on
Friday night the St. Louis fell in with
the Twickenham. The ex-liner showed
only the green and red lights of a mer
chantman and the collier kept right
ahead on her northwest course toward
Guantanamo, where she hoped to be
able to rind some means of getting her
coal to Admiral Cervera's ships in the
harbor of Santiago. Coming into close
range, the St. Louis surprised the col
ier by sending a solid shot across her
bow. The Twickenham, instead of
stopping, put on full steam and tried
to get away. Quickly overhauling the
Englishman, the St. Louis fired again.
The captain of the collier, seeing flight
impossible, hove to, and was boarded
by a boat's crew from the St. Louis.
The British captain at first made a
vigorous denial that the coal he was
carrying was for the Spanish fleet. His
vessel was searched, however, by men
from the St. Louis. In the fire-room a
man in overalls was found who spoke
only Spanish. After a vigorous cross
examination by Captain Goodrich of
the St. Louis, this man admitted he
was a Spanish officer in charge of the
cargo. On the approach of the St.
Louis he had thrown his papers and
commission overboard. He appeared
to be badly scared at the way things
had turned out. He was sent as a pris
oner of war to Key West on board the
captured steamship.
The St. Louis has recently been en
gaged in cutting cables around Cuba.
Lieutenant Allen said that when she
passed Guantanamo last night the
Stars and Stripes were still flying over
the marines on the hill. American
men-of-war were '--ing in the harbor,
but there had been no engagement yet
with the Spanish.
NEW YORK, June 12.— A Washing
ton special -to the Herald says: The
capture of the Twickenham makes the
second of the Spanish coaling ships
which has fallen into American hands.
The first captured was the Restormel,
seized by the St. Paul, while endeavor
ing to make a dash for the harbor of
Santiago de Cuba, in which Admiral
Cervera's fleet was lying. There is an
other collier named the Roath now at
Martinique, about which the authori
ties are suspicious, that will be seized
as a prize if possible. These three col
liers were laden with coal purchased by
the Spanish Government in Great
Britain before the Government issued
her proclamation of neutrality and
were sent to the Venezuela coast to
effect a junction with Admiral Cer
vera's squadron. They failed to meet
Admiral Cervera, however, and to this
failure was due Admiral Cervera's ac
tion in entering Santiago de Cuba,
where he is now locked up. As was done
in the case of the Restormel, the cargo
of the Twickenham will be condemned
on the ground that it is contraband of
war, but the crtier will be 1 released.
MERRIMAC INCIDENT
IS TROUBLING SPAIN
Pertinent Questions Put to the Gov-
ernment in the Chamber of
Deputies.
LONDON, June 12.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Times telegraphing
Saturday says:
In the Chamber of Deputies to-day
Senor Osma, a highly respected Deputy,
questioned the Government, among
other matters, as to whether a block
ade can leglmately be made effective
by obstructing a port with sunken
snips, mines or torpedoes; whether it
is allowable for a belligerent in this
fashion to obstruct a port which is not
formally blockaded; whether an effec
tive blockade, once interrupted, must
be formally re-proclaimed; and whether
It is leglmate for a belligerent to em
ploy as allies semi-civilized natives liv
ing under the jurisdiction of an oppo
nent, especially when there is reason to
apprehend that the latter will commit
all manner of excesses now happily un
known in civilized warfare.
Duke Almodovar de Rio, the Foreign
Minister, in the course of a very guard
ed reply, expressed the opinion that an
interrupted blockade must be re-pro
claimed. He said the question as to
whether the blockade from Cardenas
to Bahia Honda was formally proclaim
ed has been submitted to the powers,
but they had not replied. America, he
said, was operating- against Santiago
apparently on the assumption that a
blockade of that port had never been
formally proclaimed.
Duke Almodovar said he would not
conceal his opinion that the blocking
of the entrance to Santiago harbor was
unjustifiable, .adding: that the use of
mines for such a purpose had been con
demned by such eminent authorities on
international law as Sir Richard Web
ster, the British Attorney-General, and
Dcs Jardines, the French jurist. With
reference to "exciting and aiding: bar
barians," the Foreign Minister was
careful to avoid accusations against
the Washington Government, but he
gave the Chamber clearly to under
stand that in his opinion a nation pro
fessing humanitarian sentiments would
certainly, by instigating rebellion
among a population capable of pillag
ing, devastating, violating and tortur
ing, incur a "tremendous moral re
sponsibility in the eyes of the civilized
world."
PREDICTS THE EARLY
FALL OF SANTIAGO.
London Times Says General Shafter
Will Not Encounter Serious
Difficulties.
LONDON, June 12.— Rear Admiral
Sampson's acquisition of a base for
coaling and supplies at Guantanamo is
universally recognized as practically
settling the fate of Santiago, although
it is believed the Spanish troops will
show fight if the city is captured. The
Times, in the course of an article re
viewing last week's operations, says:
"The Spanish garrison, we think,
does not exceed 10,000 men, who have
an immense position to hold, and are
lacking in supplies. Therefore General
Shafter's difficulties will be mainly
those of climate and movement, owing
to the absence of good roads.
"Admiral Cervera's proceedings have
proved that the Spanish ships find it
impossible to keep at sea, and if it be
true that the Minister of Marine ha 3
dismissed the capable Scotch engineers
in its service, the difficult Is fully ac
counted for. It was highly improbable
that Admiral Camara would attempt to
cross the Atlantic, but some fast
American cruisers may appear ere
long in Spanish waters."
'Speaking of the Philippines, the
Times says: "The surrender of Manila
appears inevitable within a fortnight.
In Spain's best interests it is hoped,
that when Manila and Santiago have
fallen she will recognize the necessity
of bringing to an end a contest unequal
from the first and rendered hopelessly
so by her total unpreparedness."
BLANCO FEELING THE
BLOCKADE'S EFFECTS.
Spain Taking Steps to Send Supplies
From Home and Foreign Ports
by Fast Vessels.
LONDON, June 12.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standp-rd. telegraph
ing Sunday, says: General Blanco, hav
ing again telegraphed that in case the
blockade becomes stricter it will be
urgent to send war stores, as his supply
is running short, the Government ha«
taken steps to dispatch abundant sup
plies by fast vessels from Spanish and
foreign ports. The more important
supplies from Spain will be strongly
convoyed and will be sent immediately.
General Blanco also telegraphed that
the authorities at Santiago de Cuba
claim to have repelled the American
attempt to land in the inner and outer
bays of Guantanamo. the Spanish
forces being intrenched in positions
commanding the best landing places
between Santiago and -uantanamo.
TWO HUNDRED REGULAR
SECOND LIEUTENANTS.
Honor Graduates From Leading Stata
Military Colleges Will Be Given
Appointments.
NEW YORK, June 12.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President Mc-
Kinley will send to the Senate during tha
week the nominations of 200 men for sec
ond lieutenants in the regular army. Al
though these appointments are to the
lowest grades in the commissioned force
of the army, the President has given
thorn more consideration than many of
the brigadier generalship class. The
pressure from politicians for these p'ace3
has been even greater than for higher
grades. In order to get the best military
talent without at the same time offending
his soldier friends, the President contem
plates the appointment of honor graduates
from the leading State military colleges.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
II ym
iNcoßpoMTto §Hr las mm M
LEADING CASH GROCERS,
SPECIAL SALE FOR THE WEEK.
BUTTER, Point Reyes— ;$1 M
" Creamery, fresh, 3 squares .....**•"'»
WASHING SOAP ..... ... .$3.20.b0x
60 long bars, 100 lbs.
FLOUR, (Patent Roller) ...... .$1.30
• No. 1 ; Family, 50-lb. , sack.
HAMS, Whitticker. ... . ... . . 12k Ib.
WHISKEY St (Rye or Bourbon) . $2.50 gal
■ 5 years, regular $3 50.
BUCKWHEAT FL0UR. ... . . 10c pack
; Self Rising Wright's. Wls. 't^J?-*^
COVE OYSTERS, cans . . . 90c do z
CATSUP, Levin's . ... . . . . . 15c bot
PICNIC AND TOURIST SUPPLIES.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 292.
Send for Catalogue. ■ , .
; We ship goods to the country free of chares
within 100 miles. ■ : . .':-.*•-■
1324 -1326 MARKET STREET
And 1W SIXTH STREET.forced liquidation
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
1 91 r 105 pieoes SCOTCH LINEN CANVAS DRESS GOODS, mottled
1 ■*'»w» effects ; reduced from 25c a yard to 12% c a yard.
*yC\ r » pieces 42-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH CREPON
* Ut SUITING, In cream and pink; former price 760 a yard, on spe-
cial sale at 20c a yard.
Iftn 87 pieces 41-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS,
XU^ checked effects, extra value for 60c a yard; liquidation sale price
200 a yard.
IC r 77 pieces 87-INCH SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY CHECKS, dark
" C • and medium colors, regular price 60c a yard; will be placed on sale
at 2Sc a yard.
">5/-r a pieces 87-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH ALBATROS, In pinks,
&O\* aprloot, canary. gray, lavender and Nile greon, former price 50c
a yard; on special sale at 26c a yard.
-5-1-' 41 pieces 37-INCH FANCY MIXED TWILLED COVERT BUIT-
&J*S* ING. cloth shades, regular prioe iOc; on special s*le at 87% c a
yard.
C nr n pieces 4»-mCH FRENCH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, shaded
«3UU effects, former prloe |1 a yard; reduced to 50c a yard.
Afif, • 29 piece* M-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGB,
uv/ *-' good vatae for $1 a yard; on special Bale at 600 a yard.
XC r 48 piece* 88-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL TWO-TONED CHECKS,
\JO\* regular price $1 a yard; on special sale at 660 a yard.
Oflr ** pieoes 4»-INCH FANCY CREPON DRESS OOODB, new oolor-
y vv * ings, extra value for Jl 25 a yard; sale price 90c a yard.
<1 Aft 23 pieces 44- INCH SILK AND WOOL FBHNCH NOVELTY
4>l.\J\J SUITING, figured effects, former prioe Jl 50 a yard; on speoial
sale at Jl a yard.
41 1 J8 P ec « B 54-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH MELTON SUITING,
«j? 1 . O\J latest shades, value for 12 a yard; on special sale at Jl 50 a yard.
Remnants. Remnants.
ALL DRESS LENGTHS AND REMNANTS MARKED DOWN.
if IF Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
Kr KJr San Frftnrltco. /
SPANIARDS
DESERTED
THE GUNS
pled Before the Storri) of
Shells H ur 'eci at
Santiago.
Batteries Abar)doned by Gunners
While the Bombardment Was
in Progress.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 6
(via Kingston, Jamaica, June 7. — (De
layed In transmission)— The fleet com
manded by Rear Admiral Sampson
bombarded and silenced the batteries
at Santiago de Cuba this morning. Not
one of our ships was hit and no cas
ualities occurred on our side. The
enemy's fire was irregular and badly
directed. The bombardment lasted
from 7:45 a. m. until 2 p. m., and its
object was finally accomplished. Ad
miral Cervera's ships did not show
themselves. Frequent pauses In the
rapid firing occurred on account of the
Fmoke hanging over the land. It is be
! the enemy's fortifications were
damaged. Admiral Samp-
Bon's order of battle was as follows:
UNITED STATES FLAGSHIP -NEW
YORK, first rate, off Santiago rle Cuba,
June 5, 189S.— Preparations will be made to
engage the batteries on Monday morn
ing, June 6, at 7 o'clock. Tne men should
be given their breakfast at 5:30 and trie
divisions should be ready to form at 8
o'clock. When the preparation signal
"18" is made, the ships will form south
of the Morro as follows:
The western column, heading north, the
Brooklyn, Marblehead, Texas and Massa
chusetts.
The eastern column heading north,, the
Now York, Yankee, New Orleans, Oregon
and lowa.
When the signal of execution "18" Is
made, the columns will move ahead. -
The commander of each division will
make such signals as may be necessary
-to bring his division Into the positions
marked on the accompanying drawing,
forming on the circles drawn at 3000
yards from the eastern and western bat
teries, one column heading in a north
westerly and the other in a northeasterly
direction. This will be best accomplished
by changing the direction of the columns,
the easterly column to the northeastward
and the westerly column to the north
westward, running In the directions until
south of the indicated positions, then
heading all vessels of the division north,
simultaneously turning again into the
column when the distance of 3000 yards
is reached. -
Vessels will be 400 yards apart and will
retain their positions, the westerly col
umn using the starboard battery and tho
easterly column the port batteries.
On the signal from the. commander-in
chlef both columns will open fire or fire
will be opened in case the enemy be
gins. .
Bearings will be taken carefully and dis
tances obtained with all practical ac
curacy.
The Dolphin will take a position to the
eastward ami the Suwanee and Vixen to
the westward, as shown on the plan for
the purpose of looking after any mus
ketry lire fom the shore.
The fire will be deliberate and continual
until the batteries are silenced or an or
der to cease firing has been made.
Very respectfully,
W. T. SAMPSON.
Rear Admiral U. S. N.,
Commander-ln-Chief U. S. Atlantic Sta
tion.
This order was carried out in most of
its details. The crew of the New York j
went to genera] quarters at 6:45. There
was some delay in petting the ships
into position. There was a light breeze
blowing and the sky was murky. At
<:20 while signaling to the ships to
close up waii in progress. Admiral
Sampson, leaning over the rail of the
forward bridge, asked Lieutenant Mar
ble in charge of the forward 8-inch tur
ret what he could see from the turret's
sight. The lieutenant replied:
"I can see yellow earth, but I cannot
see the guns yet, sir."
The New York went ahead slowly
followed closely by the Yankee and
New Orleans, the lowa and Oregon
some way behind, in a westerly direc
tion.
A small battery two miles west of
Morro Castle which the New York was
rapidly approaching seemed to be fir
ing with smokeless powder. The Dol
phin was signaled to come closer and
attend to this. At 7:30 o'clock a num
ber of puns could be seen sticking out
over the yellow emplacements on the
eastern battery, which is a quarter of
a mile from Morro. The ships went
right half turn until the New York's
port battery was brought to bear on
these emplacements.
At 7:45 the signal to commence fir
ing was hoisted, and a few seconds
later the i\ew York's big guns roared
out. On her starboard quarter the Yan
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JDNE 13, 1898.
Never was such an opportunity af-
forded buyers as is now presented by
the great sale we are holding by
Peremptory Order of the Trustees for
the purpose of turning our immense
stock into ready cash to at once pay off
the entire balance of our indebtedness,
as the Stupendous Cuts in Prices quoted
herewith and in every department en-
able supplies to be replenished with
New, Stylish, Up-to-date Goods
At Only a Fraction of Ordinary Cost !
■■■■■■-•■■ a/
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
ABZr> LADIES' MUSLIN CHEMISES, yoke
*r(tfw finished with Insertion and embroid-
ery; will be placed on sale at 45c
BZCkr' LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, empire
OVW'Btyl*, yoke tucked and finished with
embroidery; regular price 70o; will be
placed on sal* at 60c.
7A LADIES' GOWNS, made of heavy
i Vw muslin, yoke of insertion finished with
embroidery: regular price Jl; will be
f placed on sale at 70c.
Ck£\r> LADIES' CAMBRIC GOWNS, em-
t/Vv pire style, wide rever* finished with
embroidery, lined back; regular price
fl 26; will be plaoed on «aJe at 90».
Ck(\c LADIEB* WHITE MUSLrST PXiRTS,
vl/vd»ep flounce, finished with cnbroidery;
regular price Jl 26; will be placed on
• sale at SOc.
LADIES' WAISTS.
«t»| OK LADIES' PERCALE AND
QliZO GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, de-
tachable collar, in fancy plaids
and checks; regular price Jl 73;
will be placed on sale at Jl 25.
C 7 ■"■■"■ LADIES' LATEST STYLE
& I •Vli SILK TAFFETA WAISTS, lined
. throughout, tucked front, finished
« with knife plaiting; regular price
JS 50; will be placed on sale at J7.
C 7 A A LADIES' HANDSOME PLAID
tf> C e vfVf SILK WAISTS, in latest style
make, lined throughout regular
, price JS 50; will be placeu on sale
at J7.
$$fB&~ See Examiner and Chronicle for Bargains from Other Departments.
kee with her naval reserve crew and the
N"w Orleans followed suit. The fir
ms was rapid and fairly Rood. Great
clouds flew up on the hillside. The Ore
gon and lowa were still rather far out
while the New York was close in shore,
firing at a 4000 yard range. The west
erly column was almost out of sight
and apparently out of position, but It
was firing rapidly at the western bat
teries.
Smoke began to hang over the shore
and several times the firing was or
dered to stop until the smoke cleared
away. The men waited for the shriek
of the enemy's shells, but they were
seldom heard.
Out whore the lowa lay rising jets of
water occasionally showed where the
enemy's aim was directed. On the
starboard bow of the New York was a
small railroad trestle close to a little
battery. A freight train was seen gro
ins in the direction of Santiago de
Cuba. When it came to the eastern
end of the trestle it stopped, as if
afraid to cross. Then, with smoke
pouring from the engine. It flew across
the trestle and was lost to sight be
hind a cliff before a shot could reach It.
At 8 o'clock rain commenced to fall.
By this time Morro Hill, which is ISO
feet high, was being peppered badly
from the water's edge to where the
lighthouse stands at the top. Great
clouds of smoke and dust arose con
tinually and when shots hit the rockfl
sparks flew hack several hundred feet
in the sea. The rain came down heav
ily at 8:11 o'clock and the smokr- was
so thick It was impossible to tell the ef
fect of the shells and a general signal to
cease firing was hoisted. By this time
the enemy was almost silenced. A
few minutes later, with more delibera
tion, the attack was recommenced.
Commodore Schley's division at this
time and until the end of the bombard
ment could be seen but faintly. White
clouds arising on the western arm of
the harbor were the only sign that there
was another attacking force besides the
easterly column.
Th« New York steamed closer, until
she was 2000 yards east of the batteries,
and a mile from the shore. in this po
sition most effective work was done,
three guns on the eastern battery be
ing dismounted.
The Naval Reserve* on the Yanke?
cheered vociferously every few minutes
as phots were seen to land.
The officers on deck were at this stage
of the engagement ripped out in their
southwestern and oilskins. The ad
miral Went below, reappeared in black
oilskins and tramped the forward
bridge. Captain Chadwick was outside
the conning- tower, just below the ad
miral. ,
An incessant fire was kept up by the
easterly column, then using its star
board batteries. The guns and build
ings adjoining Morro received awful
punishment. The Spanish flap flying
on Morro Castle was shot away, and
was quickly hoisted again.
At 9:45 a. m., when there was no
further response from the enemy, the
New York signaled "Cease firing," and
steamed ■ away. The ; Yankee was I al
lowed to still batter away at the three
puns to the eastward, all that were left.
When the New York passed the New
Orleans, Captain Chadwick hailed her,
on the admiral's order, and shouted to
her through the megaphone to join the
Yankee and dismount the three guns
to the. right of Morro Castle. . Captain
Folper shouted \- back: • "Aye, aye, sir.
We can do it."
The New Orleans' crew pave an en
thusiastic yell as they heard Captain
Folper's reply and followed this up
with three rinping cheers for the New
York. The fiapship's crew gave it back
with interest. Then the Oregon, which
was close by, followed the New Orleans'
example and cheered lustily. The New
York's crew did not seem to realize
that the Oregon had cheered them and
did not reply.
"Answer that cheer," shouted Cap
DRESS
Trimmings.
21/-» SILK AND TINSEL GIMP,
'iv J% inches wide, assorted col-
ors, value 86c, closed out at 2^c.
Q/-» SPANGLED AND BEADED
OV/ TRIMMING. M inch wide,
value 10c, will be closed out at So.
eSf, SILK AND TINSEL GIMP,
:Ov assorted colors, will bo of-
fered at sc.
f OI^BLACK MARABOUT TRIM-
I^s2^ilNQ, all silk, 1 inch wide.
value 230, will be offered at 12Uc .
Oi"ir» "SLACK MARABOUT TRIM-
CuiNG, IU. inches wide, value
35c, will be closed out at 20c
QflT^-BLACK MARABOUT, 1
O3»L'ir>ches wide, all silk, value
50c, will be closed out at Sic.
A rk/-. BLACK MARABOUT TRIM-
'tUCminO, 2\ inches wide, value
75c, will b closed out at 40c.
iff- COLORED BEAD ORNA-
IUv MENTS. value 60c, will be
i closed out at 16c.
OC/>BLACK BEADED ORNA-
-AOVMENTS. value 60c, will be
j closed out at 25c. ■
4J>l f\f\ BLACK CHENILLE
; f|> 1 eUU\ N D MOITR N I N G
FRINGES, value J3 and J4 yard, will
j be closed out at Jl.
tain Chadwick, and a great yell went
up from the New York.
The navy regulations forbid cheer
ing, but regulations don't count for
much when the enemy's guns are si
lenced.
The New Orleans proceeded on her
errand, joined the Yankee and Dolphin
I and banged away merrily at the silent
guns. The New York steamed across
the mouth of the harbor to the west
erly of the column. One mortar bat
tery inside the harbor, which had not
been seen before, sent one or two
shells in the direction of the flagship,
but not dangerously close. The Brook
lyn, Texas, Massachusetts, Murblehead
and Vixen were still tiring. At 10:21
(not 1:21 as previously cabled) a gen
eral signal to cease firing was hoisted,
the smoke cleared away from the sides
of the ships and they resumed their
blockade stations. One of the officers
of the flagship was heard to remark:
"There is nothing more to fire at Just
now. We have silenced their fire effec
tively. What destruction was done by
our shells it Is impossible to tell. Ihe
defenses of Suntiago de Cuba cannot
be compared to those of San Juan de
Porto Rico."
The bombardment was little more
! than target practice. The enemy ap
parently deserted their guns soon after
the firing commenced, and had it not
been for the Merrlmac heroes, thought
to be in Mtrrro Castle, there would now
be little left of that picturesque pile.
The nif>n behaved splendidly through
! out. The bombardment of Santiago de
Cuba, although perhaps more effective
than the bombardment of San Juan de
Porto Rico, cannot be compared with
the cannonading of the latter. The
work done this morning should make it
easy for a land attack by the troops.
As at Matanzas and San Juan, the
smoke and the distance made it impos
sible to tell the exact damage done by
the shells. The firing at times was
short and wild, due to those causes.
At about noon, while the Dolphin was
lying close into a cove a few miles east
of Morro Castle, she commenced firing
on the shore, apparently at some troc-ps.
She kept this up for an hour or more.
The other ships lay quietly in their
usual positions and there was nothing
to indicate that a heavy bombardment
had been progressing a few hours be
fore. Later the Dolphin signaled that
she had disabled a carlo-ad of soldiers
and had knocked down a blockhouse.
During the bombardment, despite the
clouds of smoke, the twelve'inoh shells
of the lowa could be seen striking on
the base of the Estrella battery. The
thirteen-inch shells from the Massachu
setts and Oregon struck into the hills
near the batteries and threw up moun
tains of earth, even when they fell a
trifle short. The moral effect of the
terrible power must have been great,
for battery after battery was deserted
by the Spaniards. The Texas, with two
twelve-inch guns, and the lowa, with
her four big guns', raked the entire
hillside, while the Brooklyn and New
York poured in a heavy fire from de
structive eigHt and live-inch guns. The
Brooklyn headed lr further with her
squadron of fighters when the smoke
became too dense, and then, obtaining
a new range, the ships poured in a
deadly rain of eight-inch and five-Inch
i shells.
In the meantime the shells from a
little Spanish fort on the water front,
two miles off Morro Castle, opened on
the Suwanee and the Vixen, and they
moved in and with a hot fire from their
small guns soon silenced them.
The great earthworks on the hill near
the flying squadron's end of the line
then began putting shells in so close to
the Brooklyn and Massachusetts that
it was determined to silence them if
possible. It was a difficult job, because
the earthwork was ISO feet above the
water line and it required great eleva
tion of the guns.
After the first three-quarters of an
hour of firing Commodore Schley or
■•■■ ' a/
LADIES' KID CLOVES.
ner c SO dozen LADIES' 2-CL ASP FRENCH
OOVSVEDE GLOVES, m white only;
former price Jl; will be offered at 650
a pair.
TTPtr' 48 dozen LADIES' 4 LARGE PEARL
lOt BUTTON REAL KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium shades of Tan, also
' Black; good \'alue for Jl 36; will be
• dosed out at 76c a pair.
7R/, 10 dozen LADIES' 2-CLABP CHA-
WVMOIS GLOVES, embroidered back,
colors White and Natural; good value;
will be on Bale at 76c a pair.
Ckfic M dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH
tJ\J\* CHAMOIS GLOVES, neatly embroid-
ered in two-toned stitching, coldfs
White, Natural and Pearl; former.
' price Jl 26; will be closed out tor 100
a pair.
QA 28 dozen LADIES' J-CLABP "ROT-
ALTON" . KID GLOVES, colon Red,
Brown. Mode, Tan, Green, Slate and
■■ White, also Black; good value for
• Jl 25; will be closed out for 90c a pair.
Ct €\f\ 40 dozen LADIES' 4 BUTTON
tJ>I«W O. B. No. 1 QUALITY (GENU-
INE FRENCH KID) GLOVES,
, colors Tan. Mode. Slate, Navy,
, Ozblood. Brown and Pearl; former
i .price Jl 60; will be closed out for
Jl a pair. %
£1 OS 30 dozen LADIES 1 2-CLASP
tple^O MASCOT DRESSED KID
GLOVES, in colors and Black;
extra good value; will be on sale
.at Jl 25 a pair.
«£| OC 20 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP
t4>l»OO GENUINE ENGLISH WALKING
GLOVES, all colors and Black;
extra good value for Jl 75: will be
v closed out for Jl 35 a pah-.
dered "cease firing" and the ships on
the west moved further In until they
has a good 1800 range. Eight min
utes later the command to open fire was
given and the guns began to crash
away.
Following the whistle of the eight
inch shell from the Brooklyn's after
turret, in charge of Lieutenant Russ,
there was a burst of fire from a block
house near this battery and a great
cheer from the men. Ten seconds later
the Massachusetts landed two ten-inch
shells almost in the same spot and
signaled that th^ battery was silenced.
Four big battleships were pounding
away at the Estrella battery and the
inside harbor defenses and the frightful
explosion of the great shells could be
seen causing terrible havoc. Down at
the eastern end of the line the New
York and New Orleans put the Cave
batteries out of action in fifteen min
utes and then devoted the fire of their
guns to the batteries on the hill, there
being two new masked batteries west
of Morro that were very nasty In their
fire. These were soon silenced.
RED CROSS WORK NOT
PERMITTED TO LAG
Salinas Expects to Contribute a
Large Sum to the State
Society.
SALINA'S, June 12.— Troop C will as
sist the local branch of the Red Cross
Society to raise funds with a grand
ball to be given at its armory on
Wednesday night. The gross proceeds,
without any reserve, will be turned over
to the society. It is expected the ball
and the sales by the Vanderhurst-San
born Company the same day will net a
large sum for the benefit of the State
society.
PALO ALTO, June 12.— The Palo Alto
branch of the Red Cross Society, which
numbers forty-two members, has added
a very generous mite to the contribu
tions pouring into the supply depot in
San Francisco. Already 325 flannel
bandages and 175 comfort bags have
been shipped, also a large quantity of
excellent reading matter, comprising
2000 copies of the leading magazines,
1000 volumes of novels and several thou
sand high-class periodicals.
AUBURN, June 11.— Preliminary
steps were taken toward the organiza
tion of a Red Cross Society in Auburn
by the election of Mrs. D. W. Lubeck
president and Mrs. M. M. Stuart secre
tary and the appointment of the follow
ing committee to confer with the State
organization: Mrs. Prewett, Mrs. Free
man, Mrs. McCullough, Mrs. Ward and
Mrs. Maggie Davis. Nearly 100 have
signed the Red Cross roll.
APPEALS TO THE PRESS
FOR A BETTER NAVY.
Lord Beresford Thinks It Time Eng
land Discarded Muzzle-Load
ing Guns.
LONDON, June 12.— Rear Admiral
Lord Charles Beresford has issued an
appeal for an increase of the navy. He
says:
"The -war between the United States
and Spain has taught us useful lessons.
It has taught us the absolute necessity
of complete and thorough organization
previous to the war, instead of trusting
to chance. It has taught us the value
of a proper supply of cruisers and the
ineffectiveness of obsolete guns against
the range and accuracy of modern
weapons.
"No other nation has a ship on the
effective list armed with muzzle loading
guns, wheras England has forty-five.
Any nation that sent men to fight on
the blue water, or recommended for
harbor protection such weapons, wbuld
certainly, get short shrift."
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
Ladies' Suits.
*k(\ AS LADIES' CHEVIOT CLOTH SUITS, fly front Jackets, lined
* u *4i) with silk serge, double-lined Bkirts, former price $9, closing-out
price $6 45.
$6 sft LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH SUITS, fly front Jackets,
f\f.U\J l lned wlth f anc y sl ] k skirts double lined and velvet bound, for-
mer prioe $11 60; closing-out price $6 60.
458 45 LADIES' COVERT CLOTH SUITS In two-tone mixed effect*
*pv.-T*j fly f rO nt jackets, lined with fancy silk, double-lined skirts, for-
mer price JW 50. closing-out price $8 45.
4* 1 1 sft LADIES' BLUET COVERT CLOTH SUITS, fly front Jackets
•P M. I.U\J wltn tucked fronts, lined with silk, skirta double lined and
tucked to match Jacket, former price $17 BO; closing-out prioe
$11 50.
4* Ift ftft LADIES' SERGE SUITS with silk-lined Russian blouse Jaak-
•y i v. v/vr eta double-lined skirts, colors black or navy, former price $15;
closlng-out price $10. - - r-
Ladies' Jackets.
4* 3 ftft MISSES' FLY FRONT JACKETS in mixed cheviot effects, stses
*t?if.\j\f 12, 14 and 16, former price $5; closing-out price $3.
4*C f\Ck LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, half;
▼ UIUUU lUU silk lined, former price $7 50; closing-out price $5.
Ladies' Dress Skirts.
4>l 25 LADJES' CANVAS CLOTH DRESS SKIRTS in assorted dark
•P ■• **** colors, wide hem on bottom, suitable for camping or beach, for-
mer price $2; closing-out price $1 25.
41 1 ftft LADIES' TUSSORE LINEN DRESS SKIRTS, natural-colored
•pi.W ground with stripes In assorted colors, former price $1 76; clos-
lng-out price $1.
C 1 1 - LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS in fancy colors and black-flgured
•P » • *i> mohair, In assorted patterns, double lined and bound, former
price $1 90; closing-out price $1 15.
Ladies' Collarettes.
$9 Cfl LADIES' BLACK SILK COLLARETTES, silk lined and braid-,
4>+'.*J\J e d m assorted colors, former price $5; closing-out price $2 60.
[flj Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
Wr \^r San Francisco. §
INSULT LEADS
TO A KILLING
Affray On a Ranch in
Fresno County.
BLOODSHED AFTER A DANCE
MAN SLAIN AND A WOMAN
FATALLY WOUNDED.
George McCraney Takes the Life of
a Farm Employe Who At
tacked His Sister and
Himself.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, June 12. -As a result of a
quarrel at a dance given near Dos
Palos last night, George Kline, a young
farm hand, lies dead -with a Winches
ter ball uirough his body; George Mc-
Craney is in the County Jail in this
city, charged with murder, and his sis
ter, Mrs. William Mitchell, is danger
ously wounded. The shooting occurred
at about 7 o'clock this morning at the
home of William who lives
seven miles from Dos Palos.
The dance was given at the home of
James Sullivan, a farmer. McCraney,
Kline and Mrs. Mitchell were present.
It was an old fashioned country jollifi
cation and wine flowed freely. During
the evening Kline asked Mrs. Mitchell
GREAT BIG
Manly men are the pride of the entire country. The puny ones ar«
not respected. When men feel full of fire and life they look like men.
How do you look? It is necessary for continued manliness that there
should be no waste of vitality. But those who use their powers reck-
lessly find waste. The stomach which is abused is not as strong and
as vigorous as the one which is used sensibly. But for abused stom-
achs, for abused livers and for all of the organs of the body that
have been treated unfairly there is help. "Hudyan," the gTand
remedio-treatment of the Hudsonian Institute, stops waste in a
week. It makes manly men rapidly. Where there has been depletion
of any of the great powers in man, "Hudyan" steps in and assists
big nature to again reassert herself. It can be had by all who wish
to try it. Ask for absolutely free testimony regarding it. Ask the
great physicians at the institute for free advice on any question. If
you have a case of blood taint ask for free "30 day blood cure" circu-
lars. None of these helps to you costs a cent. Then why not have
them?
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON. MARKET AND ELLIS STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO.
20,000 PEOPLE THANK HUDTA " TO-DAY FOR THEIR
MANHOOD.
to dance with him, but she refused be
cause he had become intoxicated. That
nettled Kline, and he made an insult
ing remark, which McCraney resented.
McCraney and Kline exchanged warm
words at the dance, but postponed
their difficulty until this morning,
when they both went to the home of
Mr. Mitchell to settle the affair-
Mr, and Mrs. Mitchell were ta the
cook-house preparing breakfast when
McCraney and Kline entered. Kline
and McCraney renewed their quarrel,
and a fight followed. Kline, who was
still under the influence of the night's
debauch, drew a pistol and shot at
Mitchell. The latter dodgjed, and the
ball struck Mrs. Mitchell, entering thai
abdomen and inflicting an ugly wound,
which may prove fatal.
McCraney rushed out of' the house to
hitch a team to go after a doctor for
his sister. Kline followed him and waa
going toward the barn when MoCraneyV
turned and shot him with a Winches
ter. Kline dropped in his tracks. Al
blanket was thrown over him and hat
was allowed to lie in the barnyard!
until Dr. Long the Coroner from thia
city, shall have arrived. The Coroner
and Assistant District Attorney George
W. Jones left to-night for the scene of
the killing.
McCraney did not surrender himself,
but was placed under ar-est by Con
stable Martin Christian. The officer
asked for the rifle, but McCraney at
first said he did not know anything
about a rifle. Upon the officer insist
ing upon the surrender of the weapon
McCraney gave it up.
McCraney was brought to this city
and locked" in the County Jail. He was
morose and surly and refused to tallc
about the homicide.
Dr. Pardee of Dos Palos was sum
moned to attend Mrs. Mitchell and ha
located the bullet, which had pene
trated about six inches. The heat ia
very oppressive, and it is feared tha
woman will not recover. She is about
45 years of age and the mother of sev
eral children. Kline was about 35 years
old and unmarried. McCraney ia un
married.
The double shooting caused much ex
citement in Dos Palos, and McCranejr
was hurried to this city, although, tha
general opinion Is that his act was
justifiable.
34
MONDAY ..JUNE 13, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
IPLBLICATION^OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1871
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
66 cent*. ______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bull din ft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfta Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bulldlnft
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising, Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock;. 257 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lark.ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS,
Columbia—" Number Nine "
Baldwin— "The Passion Play.* #
Alcazar— "A Celebrated Cane
Morosco'a— "Under the Polar Star."
Tlvoli— "An American Hero."
Crpheum— VauOeviUa
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
fcutro Baths — Swimming:, ".■;■:>
hi Campo— Music dancing, boating 1 , flshlnc, every Sunday,
Excursion to Los Gat os— Friday, June IT.
THE UNITED STATES SENATE.
AMONG the good results gained by the sweep
ing Republican victory in Oregon that which
is of the greatest national importance is the
election of a Legislature which can be relied upon to
send to the United States Senate a Republican of
known fidelity to all the essential principles of the
party, including the maintenance of the gold stan
dard, y » •"
At the present time the Senate is tne weak point*
in our Government It is neither flesh, fowl, nor
good red herring. Neither party has a majority, and
as a consequence every important measure that comes
before it brings about a deadlock which can be
broken only by a compromise. It is this condition
of affairs that has delayed legislation on the cur
rency and compels us to enter upon a war without
settling that long discussed problem.
The most important political issue of the year,
therefore, is to change the comparative strength of
parties in the Senate and to assure Republican su
premacy in that body, so that all branches of the
Government will act in harmony for the adoption of
legislation necessary for the welfare of the country.
It is this that gives value to the election of a Repub
lican Legislature in Oregon. The gain of a gold
standard Senator from that State is a victory in which
the whole nation will share.
At the present time forty-four Senators are classed
as Republicans, but six of them — Carter of Montana,
Teller and Wolcott of Colorado, Pritchard of North
Carolina, Shoup of Idaho and Hansbrough of North
Dakota — are silver men and canot be counted on to
support the administration on measures affecting the
currency. To overcome their vote and obtain a gold
majority in the Senate it will be necessary to gain
eight Republican Senators to fill the vacancies to
occur on the 4th of next March. Since the victory
in Oregon there seems a fair chance, of doing this.
Among the Senators who retire next March are
eleven Republicans, two silver Republicans, fifteen
Democrats and two Populists. Of the retiring Repub
licans the only seats that are at all doubtful are those
of Wilson and Clark of Wyoming. The party will
gain seats from the Democrats in Maryland, where
a Republican has been already elected to succeed Gor
man, and in New York, where the successor to
Murphy is sure to be a Republican. Another has now
been gained in Oregon. In addition to these the
Republicans have good prospects of winning the
seats now held by White of this State, Turpie of In
diana, Mitchell of Wisconsin and Smith of New Jer
sey. They have also a fighting chance for the seats
of Gray of Delaware, Roach of North Dakota and
Faulkner of West Virginia.
The outlook for a safa Republican majority of
sound money men in the next Congress is therefore
promising. In every State, however, where a Senator
I* to be chosen by the Legislature elected this year
the Republicans must be alert and watchful. The
margin of victory will be too narrow even under the
best of probable circumstances for the Republicans
of any State to take chances. If we are to have cur
rency reform thorough and complete without disas
trous compromises we must have a good working
Republican majority in the Senate, and to accomplish
that there must be this year something like the tidal
wave victory of ißq6, sweeping the Union and carry-
Ing every doubtful State.
THE YUBA-MfIRYSVILLE TRANSMIS
SION.
THE current number of the Journal of Elec
tricity gives the place of honor in its pages to |
an elaborate description, richly illustrated, of the
electric power transmission system recently estab
lished by the Yuba Power Company at Marysville. |
The article is a noteworthy one and presents in a j
striking way one of the most important of the accora- j
plishments of Californian enterprise.
It is noted that just 125 days elapsed from the
date when the power company began work on the I
system until it was placed in operation. The work !
achieved during* that comparatively short time in
cluded the entire rebuilding of thirty odd miles of
water system, the location of the power-house, the
erection of the pole line with two sub-stations, the :
city distribution of over 5000 lights and the installa- i
tion of all the hydraulic and electrical equipments of j
the plant. With this record the company holds the
well merited distinction of having made the quickest j
installation of that magnitude ever accomplished.
The plant, moreover, is as notable for its excellence \
as for the speed with which it was built. Rapidly as j
the work was performed, thoroughness and quality
were never subordinated for the sake of gaining |
time. The system stands, therefore, as one of the best j
illustrations in the world of what American science
and engineering skill can do in the way of providing j
for the transmission of electrical energy.
The example set in this case will of course be fol
lowed elsewhere. The topography of California is
well adapted for such enterprises, and the date can
hardly be far distant when nearly every city of note
in the State will have power furnished it on lines sim
ilar to that which is now proving such a benefit to
Marysville.
OFFICERS FOR THE VOLUNTEER
ORMY.
CAPTAIN JAMES A. PARKER, U. S. A., be
gins an article in the current number of the
North American Review on "The Officering
and Arming of Volunteers" with the statement:
"1 he most important detail perhaps in connection
with the organization of our volunteer troops is the
development, selection and appointment of their
officers."
To this statement there is hardly likely to be any
objection. Strength, courage and patriotism furnish
a sufficient basis for the rank and file of an army if the
men are well led. The duties of a private are rapidly
learned where the mind is quick and the heart willing.
The officer of an army in modern warfare, however,
requires something more than these ordinary quali
ties of young manhood. There is needed a special
training to fit him for the performance of the complex
responsibilities resting upon him, and if he lacks that
training his whole command suffers and the evil is
far-reaching.
The situation of the United States Is such that the
maintenance of a large standing army at all times
would be an economic blunder. Our wars are infre
quent and we are never in immediate danger of inva
sion. We will in the future, as in the past, rely upon
volunteers raised when war begins to fight our battles
for us, and it is, therefore, imperative that we should
arrange some means of providing them with officers
fitted to command them to advantage, to hold their
confidence and to make the best use of them in every
emergency.
Captain Parker suggests three sources from which
we can obtain trained officers for as large a volunteer
army as we are ever likely to need. These sources
are the military academy, the regular army and the
National Guard. As at present constituted neither of
these, nor all of them combined, suffice the demand
for officers. Further development is needed in all of
them, and the most interesting portions of Captain
Parker's article are those containing suggestions of
the means by which that development can be ob
tained.
According to the captain the graduate of the Mil
itary Academy makes the best officer, and he proposes
the establishment of two such academies in addition
to the one at West Ppint, so that the number of cadets
; could be increased from 371, now authorized by law,
to 2200. This proposition is not wholly new. Some
I years ago a movement was made in Congress to ma
terially increase the number of cadets and to establish
a military academy somewhere in the West to relieve
the strain on West Point Nothing came of the pro
ject at the time, but it is more than likely it may be
taken up again. Certainly a military academy on the
Pacific Coast as near to San Francisco as West Point
is to New York would not be a bad enterprise on the
part of the Government.
The suggestions as to the expediency of obtaining
volunteer officers from the regular army are capable
of being carried out at once, and therefore are of more
practical value than that regarding the increase of mil
itary academies. A large proportion of the non
commissioned officers of the regulars are highly in
telligent men and have during their service received
a thorough military training. By encouraging these
men to further military studies and by subjecting them
to a practical and theoretical examination it would
be possible for the War Department to form a corps
from which efficient officers for volunteer troops
could be drawn whenever the emergency required.
To make the National Guard a reliable school for
officers would require many changes in the present
system. In some of the States the changes would
amount to a virtual revolution. They could be ef
fected only by complete supervision on the part of the
War Department, and a willingness on the part of the
States to co-operate. The three sources combined,
however, would certainly furnish all the officers we
need and would enable us if necessary to put half a
million men in the field under leadership capable of
handling them.
ON AN EVEN KEEL.
T"RADE was rather tame last week. The volume
of business showed no falling off, and indeed
the increase in the bank clearings of 31.2 per
cent over the same week in 1897 pointed to a steady
maintenance of the good pace set at the beginning
of the year. But trade may be good and still be fea
tureless, and that condition now prevails.
In the first place there is no more uncertainty. The
only fleet which Spain possesses capable of inflicting
injury upon the United States or retarding its aggres
sive operations against the Spanish insular posses
sions is in a bottle down in the Antilles and Sampson
is sitting on the cork. We are practically in full control
of the Philippines, and Santiago de Cuba is at our
mercy. Spain is hors de combat and can do us no
harm. Hence the fire is taken out of any speculation
which may have depended on the war as its raison
d'etre.
In the second place the commercial atmosphere is
clear. The season has advanced to that point where
the condition of the crops is pretty definitely known.
The preliminary' orders for the army have been filled
as a rule, and future orders will be filled more leis
urely. Those articles of merchandise affected by the
outbreak of hostilities have found their new level and
have ceased to fluctuate, and the movement of prod
uce, groceries and manufactured goods is now regu
lated by the ordinary laws of supply and demand. In
other words, trade is going along smoothly in its
usual rut.
The failures throughout the country last week were
203, against 262 for the same week last year. The
shipments of wheat from the Atlantic coast were
4,730,900 bushels, against 1,080,000 in the same week
in 1897, and of corn 4,774,000 bushels, against 2,398,
000. While the volume of business in the iron trade
shows a falling off from the past few weeks, it is still
far ahead of the same time in 1897, and the Western
mills are still crowded with orders. The woolen man
ufacturers have ceased to buy wool, but they cannot
complain, for they have lately been doing a rushing
business on Government account. Railroad bonds
continue to advance, with a brisk demand for the bet
ter class, while Government bonds have been weak
ened by the prospects of a new issue. The continued
ease of the monqy market gives a bullish cast to Wall
street, but the public still hold aloof, and the market
remains largely in the hands of the professional ma
nipulators. The railroad earnings continue very
large, and the distributive trade of the whole country
is first class.
The above points cover the state of trade through
out the nation. The California markets are equally
humdrum. We too know what to expect from the
current harvest and can pretty well forecast prices
within a reasonable margin. The ge.ieral tone of the
market is one of firmness. Provisions continue to
sell well at strong quotations. Beef and pork meet
with a steady demand, and the latter is excited at a
marked advance. Quotations for the spring clip of
wool, so long delayed, have at last been established,
though there is nothing doing. Hides have again
gone up and are meeting with a steady consumptive
demand. The dried fruit market is well cleaned up
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1898.
of the 1897 crop, and the new output is expected to
bring good prices. The canners are bidding higher
prices for fresh fruits than for some years, and their
stocks, too, have run short under a lively inquiry for
Eastern and English account The grain and feed
markets have declined steadily for several weeks, in
sympathy with the depreciation in wheat, the hay
market being the only exception. The light crop
keeps that steady at high prices. The local money
market is very easy and abundantly supplied, and
solvent borrowers find no difficulty in filling their
needs at the usual rates of interest. From present in
dications the new crop year will be as brilliant as ex
pected, and there is nothing in sight to indicate any
disturbance in trade conditions for some time to
come.
A TRIUMPH FOR THE FAKER.
BY an oversight or a negligence almost unpar
donable the Associated Press has permitted it
self to be made the dupe of the New York Jour
nal and has sent out through the country to all the
newspapers in its membership, as an item of war news,
one of the worst fakes and lowest lies that ever eman
ated from yellow journalism. The main offender is
of- course the lying Hearst organ that originated
the fraud, but the Associated Press is in a certain
sense responsible, since it sent the fraud broadcast
among its correspondents without giving warning
that the alleged news had been taken from the
Journal.
The item of itself was of no importance, and was
interesting solely because it purported to be a record
of an incident of the war in the West Indies. As such
it was accepted from the Associated Press by legiti
mate newspapers in all parts of the Union, and was
published to the world as a genuine piece of infor
mation concerning a subject in which every Ameri
can is intensely interested. It turns out to have been
a lie concocted in the Journal office at the instigation
of Hearst It was not news. It was a fake, and a
fake so vile that the Journal and its vermiform ap
pendix in this city, the Examiner, are now boasting of
it as a triumph over the decent newspapers of the
country.
There is no disputing the fact that in a certain
sense the dissemination of the lying fake through the
Associated Press was a triumph for Hearst It caused
legitimate newspapers to publish as news one of the
most fraudulent stories ever concocted by any of the
Hearstling gang. It is not to be wondered, therefore,
that the Examiner is now boasting of the feat and
pointing to the item as a proof that other newspapers
publish fakes as well as itself. The faker has man
aged to cheat the public not only through its own
columns, as usual, but through the columns of other
papers, and is more exultant and noisy over the
success of its lie than ever it was over a scoop inter
view with the Emperor of China or the Pope of
Rome.
If the Hearstling tricksters can work such schemes
as this upon the Associated Press it will not be long
before the dispatches of the association will be them
selves as much discredited as those of the Examiner
and the Journal. Both of those yellow sheets
are members of the association, and it is clear
they are perfectly willing to disgrace and de
grade it to their own level. It therefore be
hooves the New York representatives of the
association to keep a watch on the tricks of the
Hearstlings, so that they may not be duped again
as they have been in this instance.
The faker has as much right to rejoice in his suc
cess in foisting a lie upon the Associated Press as a
gold brick swindler has to be merry over the decep
tion of a man who should have had sense enough to
know better. The representatives of the Associated
Press in New York know what the Journal is,
what the Examiner is and what Hearst is. They are,
therefore, to be blamed for accepting any news
from such sources. Nothing but frauds, fakes and
lies ever originate from any of that gang. Genuine
news they never have. Hereafter when the Asso
ciated Press sends out items furnished by the Journal
or Examiner it owes it to the decent newspapers of
the association to give warning, "This is from a
Hearstling."
PREPARE FOR FLOG DAY.
ONE hundred and twenty-one years ago to
morrow our fathers, having declared the Amer
ican colonies of those days to be "free and
independent States," adopted the banner of the stars
and stripes as the symbol of their independence, the
emblem of their union and the ensign under which
their joint armies should fight for freedom and the
making of the nation.
Since that time the Federal Union has become a
National Union. It is now simply as a grammatical
form that we say the United States are rather than the
United States is. The nation is one and indivisable.
The rays from the many stars of its flag so closely
blend with one another that the light their shining
sends to every land and every sea under the expanse
of heaven gleams on the eyes of men as the luminous
glow of a mighty sun rather than the commingled
radiance of a galaxy of separate stars.
We are now having for the first time a war in which
we are fighting as a thoroughly united people and a
consolidated nation. The flag means more to-day at
home and abroad than it ever meant before. There
are no sections, no classes, no parties in our own land
who regard it with aversion or even indifference. There
is no nation or people anywhere in the world who
are ignorant of the power it symbolizes or doubtful
of its high destiny among the banners that float over
the earth.
It is most appropriate in every way that at this time
we should give some public manifestation of the zeal
and loyalty with which the banner is now loved in
every home in the wide nation. There needs no for
mal ceremony for this. In fact it is preferable the
celebration of the flag should be made by individual
citizens as an expression of personal patriotism rather
than by civil display or military parades. To-mor
row is the anniversary. Let every citizen and, every
home not already possessed of a flag procure one to
day. When to-morrow's sun shines upon us it should
have its beams reflected back from the broad stripes
and bright stars of the banner of the nation streaming
from every home and housetop and spire and pinnacle
in the city.
There is an end to the fervent hope that the war
had scared Debs off the earth. He is engaged in
his familiar act of forming a new party. He will have
no trouble in running it, either, for it will be com
posed of Debs, and can't help being unanimous.
Announcement is made that a lawyer of this city
has married a variety theater girl after an acquaintance
of two hours. The strange part of the affair is that
there seems to be a tendency to extend congratula
tions.
Not a word can be heard in favor of Schwerin of
the Pacific Mail, but if the Chinese he employs in
preference to white men were to be consulted perhaps
they would be found to feel differently.
EDITORIAL VIEWS OF THE WAR.
IT IS now more than thirty years since our civil conflict — one of the
greatest wars the world has known— was ended. But there still remain
among the officers of the regular army nearly 300 men who can never
forget ti.e lessons they learned In that hard school of experience.
Among the :-ien who carry the guns, of course, there are few veterans
of the Civil "War, though here and there some stalwart sergeant still re
mains who can speak of its battles as one who has nved through them.
But of the commissioned men — with the exception of the staff — there is
hardly a field officer who did not see war service, and most of them served
from its outbreak until Appomattox.
Compare the stern school these men attended with the limited training
their opposing commanders have received! Except the small amount of
fighting with the Carlists in Spain, the Spanish officers have taken part in
no war more worthy the name than the kind of skirmishing they have
undergone in Cuba. — Boston Globe.
FILL UP THE REGIMENTS.
During the last can of the Civil War the generals In the field were
urgent that new regimental organizations should not be formed, but that
whatever men were raised should be sent to fill the ranks of veteran regi
ments which had been reduced In strength. They were right, because a
thousand recruits, distributed among old regiments, become good soldiers
In half the time they do when put by themselves In one regiment,
suggestion made by the War Department should not be Ignored,
weaker regiments and corpanies should be recruited up to the limit. The
present volunteer regiments are made up to a large extent of militia
organizations which have had considerable military instruction. New men
put into those rganizations will make much more rapid progress than ir
they are put in a regiment by themselves. The L nion armies would nave
been more efficient toward the close of the war if the wishes of the war
Department and the commanding generals had been heeded, and there
had been fewer skeleton organizations and more strong regiments, me
lesson taught then should not be forgotten-— Chicago Tribune.
OUR FUTURE FLEET.
If during the last two decades the energy expended upon building up
the American navy had been trebled, the war would now exist but In
name. Every Gpanish fortification would have been destroyed and the
garrisons on the islands «* Cuba, Porto Rico and Luzon would be prisoners
or at the Immediate mercy of our forces. Three times our present fleet
would still be far below the strength corresponding to the country's need;
but it would have been enough to enable the army, small as it was at the
beginning, to capture any town desired, and, at the same time, to provide
against any foolhardy or theatrical movement by the ships of Spain. Such
a campaign could have been carried on, moreover, without overstepping the
Dnes which caution and prudence have hitherto pursued resolutely, avoid
ing so much as a reasonable risk of serious damage to us, except, of course,
in the case of the brilliant performance at Manila. And three times the
present fleet would have cost less than the prolongation of the war which
ft would have prevented.
Regret for past error becomes of the highest value If it leads to Detter
things In the future.— New York Sun.
THE FAMOUS LEES.
It would be strange Indeed if a national emergency lacked the leadership
of a Lee. When we were feeble colonies on the edge of the Atlantic the
Lees grew with us. One joined in oar Declaration of Independence; the
flashing sword of another blazed in the front of our cavalry during the Rev
olution; a Lee showed the way in Europe for American diplomacy. A Lee
helped to open the gates of Mexico, and with tears, saw his duty as we did
In '61, and taught us how to serve our country after Appomattox. A new
national need has arisen, and a Lee is here. Welcome to him, for his own
Bake, for that of his ancestors, for the service he will render and the lesson
he teaches us even now. The South was called upon to give her best, and
we send our boys, our veterans to lead them and our loyal service. Welcome
to Lee, the soldier of the nation, and let no man doubt the South or the record
she will make. The fields of Cuba shall be as glorious to us as all the others,
on which we have stood, and Spain will be beaten as others have been be
fore.—Florida Times-Union.
GOD BLESS OUR BOYS
Thirty-seven years ago to a day the soldiers of Virginia were marching
out to war, and there are many living in Richmond who recall those stirring
times. But as bitter as the anguish was no one realized what a terrible
struggle was on and how many long and weary years it would be before it
would end. There was no prophet in Richmond to foretell that before the
end should come our own fair city would be overrun by the enemy and laid
waste by flre and sword. Again a regiment of Virginia soldiers is marching
forth to the war. But instead of that precious old uniform of gray the boys
are wearing the blue and are marching under the stars and stripes. It Is
not this time a battle of brother against brother, but the soldiers of the na
tion are united against a foreign foe. God bless and protect those Virginia
boys, and bring them back in health and vigor and triumph to their loved
ones. — Richmond Times. • «
BOOM IN NAVAL CONSTRUCTION.
"Whether our shipyards have little or much to do in the way of building:
merchant steamers, while the war lasts they are going to have plenty to do
In the warship branch of their business. The last naval bill authorized the
building of three new battleships, four monitors for harbor defense, sixteen
torpedo-boat destroyers and twelve swift torpedo boats, a total of thirty-five
vessels. The Navy Department has already completed the designs and spec
ifications for these vessels, and is ready to invite bids for their construc
tion. As soon as the legal formalities can be complied with, contracts will
be awarded, and the shipbuilders who get the contracts will have lots to do,
whatever may happen. While there is no probabilty that any of these ves
sels will be completed in time to take part in the existing war, Congress has,
very properly, authorized their construction. The country is getting its
eyes opened, as a result of the present war, to the fact that we are totally
unprepared for war with any Important naval power, and that it will not be
safe to take any such chances in future. We shall probably be able to
whip Spain, because It is a weak power, as ill-prepared for war as ourselves;
but if our quarrel had been with England, France, Germany or Russia, we
should have been overwhelmed before we were ready to fight. It Is hoped
that we shall never be at war with any of these powers, but the best way to
Insure perpetual peace is to be prepared to defend ourselves, come what
may. — Philadelphia Times.
MILITARY POSTAL SERVICE
There was a good deal of complaint about the postofflce facilities at
Chickamauga Park until the Government took the matter in hand and re
organized the service on the military plan. There is no reason why the
postal service of the army should not be as perfect as the service in Chi
cago. The experience of the civil war is before the postal authorities. In
1861 the soldiers from the very first received their letters promptly. The
Government began at the beginning, and established a military postal sys
tem. This was probably as perfect as anything of the kind ever organized.
Before the war closed the syslem was as responsive to the isolated compa
nies and brigades as to the main body of the army. A letter that gave the
name of the soldier and his regiment reached him whether he was in front,
in the hospital, or on detached duty, or on a raid. The same completeness
and responsiveness should be given to the army postal service now. Letters
addressed to companies and regiments should reach them whether the name
of any postofflce is given or not. While the regulars were at Chickamauga
the mail was promptly handled on the regimental plan, and not much at
tention was given to the local postofßce, but now that the volunteers are
at Chickamauga Park such changes should be made as will take the letters
promptly to regimental headquarters.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
PROWESS OF AMERICANS.
What American has not with swelling pride observed the exhibitions of
true bravery that have been made by their marines in the few minor en
gagements so far brought on in the war with Spain? The old-time traditions
concerning the valor and courage of the Yankee warrior at sea have been
handsomely and splendidly Illustrated anew by the acts of flarmg performed
by the navy of to-day, and quite naturally does it make the heart of the
young and the old beat fast from the quickening influence of enthusiasm
and prompt every patriotic citizen to look for an overwhelming victory in
the end, despite the repeated cautions to abstain from underrating the fieht
Ing qualities of the adversary. The very fact that we are not by nature or
training a warlike people, and jet are capable on sufficient provocation of
demonstrating our remarkable adaptability for the roles of soldiers arid
naval seamen, Is what tends to make us so confident of our own prowess
In that respect. Americans are the best soldiers in the world, said a r
military authority not long since, and his assertion is borne out by the reo
ords of every war in which we have been involved, from the early days nf
the colonial scrimmages with redskinned opponents, through the French anH
Indian wars down to the present struggle with a decayed monarchy —
Providence Telegram. uy<
STATUS OF PRISONERS.
The Oxford rules contain provisions for the employment of prisoners of
war. The enemy may employ their labor upon public works that are not
directly connected with military operations, if the labor is not detrimenta
to health. The rules declare, however, that the confinement of war prison
era is not in any sense a penalty for crime, nor "an act of vengeance "
They may be confined in towns, fortresses and camps, or elsewhere md
may not pass i eyond certain boundaries, "but they may only be imnH«*
oned as an indispensible measure of security." A prisoner of war i«
defined in the American instructions for the government of the armip* in
the field as a "public enemy armed or attached to the hostile army fnr
actual aid. who has fallen into the hands of the captor, either fiehtine- Z
wounded, on the field or in the hospital, by individual surrender nt hv
capitulation; and citizens who accompany an army for whatever nurnnsJ
such as sutlers, editors or reporters of journals, or contractor"? if can
tured, may be made prisoners of war and be detained as such "— Philarlal
phia Ledger.
A TRIAL OF PATIENCE
This war is going to be a trial of national patience and we must make
the best of it. Probably it will not be a trial in any other way. We are
attacking an enemy, brave but feeble, who cannot fight and will not sur
render. So far Spain has neither struck a blow nor yielded a point. Her
men die, her ships sink, her forts are bombarded, her harbors blockaded.
Nothing can rouse her to vigorous resistance or cow her to make terms to
avert destruction. Nothing remains but to destroy her power in the West
and East, to push her desperate but feeble forces out of her ruined colonies
inch by inch, to deal with her as civilized nations have to deal with sav
age races who will neither accept civilization nor make way for it. It ia
our problem with the Sioux, England's with the Zulus and Spain's own
with the Intractable natives of Chile; the only place in America where she
encountered real resistance and the only jlace where her colonies have
founded a Btrong nation. — New York Commercial Advertiser.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
George Phillips of Sacramento Is at the
Grand.
Professor Windsor of Chicago is at the
Baldwin. , ;
B. F. Brooks of Riverside is a guest at
the Grand. ,
Carl E. Lindsay, the District Attorney
of Santa Cruz, is at the Grand.
A. F. Montanya, a : prominent French
mining expert, has arrived at the Palace.
John C. Curtln of Helena, Mont., promi
nent as a mine owner, is stopping at the
Russ.
Rev. H. E. Crepin, Rev. L.. Brown and
Rev. Jacobson . of Ferndale are stopping
at the Russ.
Charles Carfey and family are here on
a visit from St. Helena and will stop at
the California while In town. \ , 
- ~ rZ ~ Milton Hlllyer,
the prominent
mining expert
who Is on John
» prominent
ig expert
is on John
ay's staff of
mining engineers,
and D. Starr
Bachman, the
young capitalist who has been recently
Investing quite heavily In mines on this
coast and in British Columbia, have Just
returned from a trip to Eureka, Hum
boldt County, which was fruitful of many
ludicrous situations for both parties.
Bachman's experience as a sailor of the
deep has been very limited. To escape a
trip on the water he has often traveled
In a circuitous route covering twice the
distance and consuming time which was
to him under the circumstances a very
valuable element.
HE THOUGHT
THAT HE
ALONE
SURVIVED.
But he was persuaded by Hillyer to at
tempt the water in his recent trip to Eu
reka. The day of departure was fair
and the sailing smooth for a brief time,
but when well out on the billowy ocean
a storm of some magnitude sprang up
and the ship tossed and tilted to tho
stomachic displeasure of all on board and
particularly to the young mine-owner.
The weather became very nasty and the
conflict of the elements soon downed the
best sailors on the ship. Bachman was
the first to surrender, and he sought his
berth at once, knowing full well that
there was no relief for him unless the
steward brought him a continent or an
island. For twelve hours he lay, suffer
ing great tortures. Death or any other
relief was begged of the Power above.
When this exquisite torture was at Its
apex Bachman thought he would crawl
on deck and battle with his misery in the
face of heaven. By dint of determination
and repeated efforts he at last found him
self in a protected spot which did not
oscillate and dip to the abnormal manner
the rest of the ship took In its eccentric
movements. A feeling of solitariness
came ovef him and he began to think that
he was the only passenger who had sur
vived. The clouds obscured what little
light a setting sun cast upon the rocking
and toiling plodder of the sea, and the
world for Bachroan was about to be left
in complete darkness, when he noticed a
wraith-like form approaching him. With
the little strength he had left he roused
himself, and after much painful gazing
recognized his friend, Hillyer. All ho
conld say was: "What, ara you alive
too?" *
ANSWERS TO CORRESPOITDENTS.
CAMP MERRITT— N. V., San Rafael,
Cal. Any one desiring to visit either an
Individual or company at Camp Merrfttt
must apply for permission at the guyd
tenf of the regiment to which the indi
vidual or company Is attached.
AMERICAN AND GERMAN— R. X.,
City. Before the breaking out of the war
with Spain the force of the United States
navy was 95 vessels, 4 subsidized vessels
and 12,582 men. At the same time Ger
many had 254 vessels, 10 subsidized vessels .
and 21,513 men.
Cal.' glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'*. 1
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
He— Do you really believe Ignorance Is
bliss?
She— l don't know. Tou seem to be
happy.— Tit-Bits.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold. In
cluding berths, meals and trip through the
Park. Send f&r circular giving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 638 Market BL. S. F.
"Mrs. Win&low'a Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cure* Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be cure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $66; longer stay.
$2 &0 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st..'
S. F., or E. S. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
The Santa Fe Rout* will run second excur
sion to Grand Canyon of the Colorado, Arizona,
on Thursday, June 30. Noted scientists will ac
company the party. A pleasant and profitable
trip. Oet full particulars at No. 844 Market it.
■
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
'HIS SaTAMC tSSK.
HIS SATANIC TASK
is studying Spanish Just now. He
needs it In his business. We have
studied everything that we could need
in our business long ago, and are past
masters of the art of making a cuff,
collar or shirt look like new till It is
worn out. The color of linen laundered
here is white as a snowflake, and our
domestic finish is unapproachable.
United States Laundry, office 1004
Market street. Telephone, South 420.
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains. Bruises.
Sore Muscles. Cramps. Burns, Sunburns Bn"k
ache. Headache, Toothache. Rheumatism Neu-
ralgia. Lumbago. Internally for all 'Bowel
Pains. Colic. Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholerli
Morbua and Sicknusa. Nausea, eto. AU drui:PREPARING TO SAIL
rj"\HE formal order for those troops i
; going on the second expedition to I
f-j Manila will doubtless be issued by j
A Major General Otis to-day. The I
various regimental and battalion com- \
lew expect to receive orders to
camp to-day. As soon ac the
a are once aboard the transports,
Her General Greene will assume!
md of the expedition. For the '
• hree days the troops of the sec- j
have been busy getting!
stores and supplies aboard the
ports, and by to-night everything
will have been stored on board the ves
sels and all that will remain will be for
the troops to go aboard.
Festerday the Utah Light Artillery
moved its guns, caissons and ammuni
tion aboard the Colon, China and Zea- !
landia, the three ships among which
the two batteries are divided. The guns
wore dismantled with the exception
of three, and one of these will be placed :
on the deck of each vessel.
Yesterday the Tenth Pennsylvania
loaded its ammunition and unbroken
Quartermaster supplies, and to-day all
tental property will be sent on ',
board the Zealandia.
The First Colorado, First Nebraska,
the battalions of the Eighteenth and
Twenty-third Infantry, and the de
tachment of engineers will have all
their supplies on the transports to-day.
A prominent staff officer on Gen
eral c >iis" staff is responsible for
the statement that the first and second
■ us will be held at Honolulu
WJ- await the third, when all three
Edl for Manila.
The beautiful weather of yesterday
the effect of attracting a large
crowd of sightseers from the city and
surrounding country.
Colonel Hawkins of the Tenth Penn
sylvania requested of Major General
1 'tis yesterday to be allowed to leave
1 -hind John Campbell, a private of his
tent. Campbell was recently sen
tenced by the general court martial to
months' imprisonment for get
:runk, leaving camp without, per
lon and cutting the trousers from
a colored striker when the Tenth was
in camp at Mount Gretna. Colonel
Hawkins says that unless Campbell is
it Alcatraz he will have to detail
men from their companies to
keep guard over him.
a prominent officer at Camp
?'>!-riu it was learned yesterday that
imp will not be moved back to the
Idio. It is said that Major General
the removal of the
and that General Merritt will re
gard his wishes in the matter.
The officers and men of the Wyoming
!'uttalion will be paid on Tuesday.
The Fourteenth Infantry received
f rty-four recruits yesterday from St.
- and Cleveland. Major Robe's
■ and now requires about 125 men
mplete it.
The Twentieth Kansas Regiment was
vaccinated yesterday.
> jrgeon Page of the field hospital,
g under orders from the surgeon
:il, yesterday took ten privates of
>spital corps down to the quar
termaster's depot and had them fully
ped. Six of the men will be de-
I to the First Nebraska to corn
that regiment's complement of
il assistants. Th*' field hospital
Iw 125 privates under its direction at
Tit and it the medical supply j
dep.jt now of th<? division.
The Montana and Dakota troops have
GENERAL MacARTHUR HERE.
Last of t^e Brigadiers for Manila.
Arthur Mac Arthur, the last of the brigadier generals of volunteers ordered
to report to General Merritt at S«m "Francisco for the Manila expedition, reached
San Francisco Saturday night.
General MaeArthur comes direct from Tampa and Chirkamauga, where he
assisted in the mobilization of two armies. He has until recently filled a position
in the adjutant general's department with the rank of lieutenant colonel, and it
was In that capacity that he served at Chickamauga and Tampa.
General Mac Arthur has a distinguished record. He served through the war
ut tin.- rebellion, rising from first lieutenant and adjutant of Wisconsin Volun
.to the brevet rank of colonel of volunteers. He was made lirst lieutenant
of the Seventeenth Infantry shortly after the close of the war, subsequently
serving with the same rank in the Twenty-Sixth Infantry, and as captain in the
Thirty-sixth and Thirteenth Infantry. He was appointed major and assigned to
the adjutant general's department In 1889, and has since continued in that branch
of the service up to the present time.
received their new uniforms and the
men present a more soldierly appear
ance, albeit some of the trousers are
the most dazzling blue, entirely differ
ent from the regulation color, and the
material of both trousers and blouses is
of very inferior quality. Probably the
Inspecting cHic-cis were forced to ac
cept the uniforms owing to stress of
circumstances, but if the Government
pays anywhere near the full price for
them the contractors are enjoying a
"snap."
The Montana regiment will be paid
off Wednesday and the boys are al
; h> iv. v< invest their coin.
Brigadier General H. G. Otis paid an
Informal visit to the commanded of the
various regiments in his brigade yes
terday.
Thi- Flfty-firnt lowa has not been
brigaded yet, but the officers have re
ceived an intimation that they will be
!;ed to General King's command as
as that officer establishes his head
quarters. After the second expedition
sails it is probable that there will be a
il reorganization of brigades, for
»hlle General Greene goes out in com
mand of the expedition, part of his
present command will remain here,
notably two battalions each of the
Eighteenth and Twenty-third Infantry.
Moreover, the - ennessee regiment will
arrive in a few days and will have to be
brigaded.
THE FRENCH ALLIANCE.
Interesting Entertainment, the
Feature of Which Was the
Distribution of Prizes.
The San Francisco branch of the French
Alliance of Paris gave an interesting en
tertainment in Union-square Hall on
Post street yesterday afternoon. The
hall was handsomely decorated with the
American and French national colors and
a rich variety of flowers. The auditorium
was BHed with an assembly of intelligent
and refined French people, together with
quite a number of American-born citizens.
The French Alliance is an association for
the propagation of the French language
in the colonies of France, as well as in
countries foreign to that nation. It was
organized in ISB3, and now has more than
Gu.uOO members. Its usefulness was ac
knowledged by a decree of the President
of the French republic in ISS6.
The programme yesterday afternoon
opined with an overture, "La Jolie Men
nlere," by the Megissiere band, composed
ot workingmen from the Legallet Tan
ning Works, after which J. Lambla, presi
dent of the local alliance, delivered a brief
address, in which ho demonstrated the
usefulness of the French language on ac
count of its universality. Incidentally he
thanked the Board of Education for al
lowing the alliance the free use of rooms
in the public schoolhouses for giving in
struction in the French language, among
the pupils being many Americans.
P. Antoine, chancellor of the French
consulate, presented to Secretary Bous
quet a beautiful silver medal in the name
of the French Alliance of Paris, the re
cipient in response saying that he would
use his utmost endeavors to promote the
Interests of the society.
Then came the award of the prizes for
excellence in the French language. The
first prize, from E. Rothchild. a Paris
editor, was given to Miss Fanny de Bonn;
the second, from the French Consul, L. de
Lulande, to Albert Lapachet, and the
third from J. Lambla, president of the
local alliance, to Rosalie Boyer. The
above prizes were open to the pupils of all
the public schools, and the award was the
result of a general competition. There
prizes awarded to fifty other pupils
for reading, grammar and translation.
The programme was concluded with a
piano selection, an air de ballet, "Pier
rot te," by Miss Fannie de. Bonn; a fan
talsie, "La Serenade Francaise." by the
Meglsslere orchestra; a monologue, "Mon
sieur de la Palisse," by Miss . Marie
Cabannot; a chansonette comique, "Les
Chiffoniers." by Paul Girard, and the
American national hymn by the Megis-
Eiere orchestra.
The organization committee was com
posed of Messrs, J. Lambla, I. Cuenin. E.
Legallet. Th. Gay, A. Bousquet. J. Dupas,
J Aurudou, J. Ladagnous, J. Bernou, J.
Sondag. and the reception committee con
sisted of Messrs. E. Raa.s, A. Legallet, D.
Roth, J. Jullien, A. Goustiaux, Dr. de
(/hantreau, A. Chaigneau, M. Michel, C.
Bertin, J. Lacoste, O. Bozlo and X.
Mefret
STRUCK BY A SENTRY.
Police Officer Feld Clubbed
Over the. Head With a Gun
by a Colorado Guard.
Police Officer Joseph Feld, of the O'Far
j rell-street station, as a result of an alter
cation yesterday with one of the sentries
of the First Colorado Regiment, is now
laid up with a bad scalp wound. The
police officer visited Camp Merritt yes
terday, and according to the statement
I of the officer of the guard, Feld was on
' the sentry"s beat and was told to move
' on. He showed no inclination to obey
the sentry's warning, and, it is said, he
i asserted that he would move when he \
got good and ready, whereupon the sen
try endeavored to shove him from the
sidewalk, and the officer made an effort
to seize the soldier's gun, but before he i
could do so, it was brought down by the
sentinel across his head and . he was
knocked unconscious. Fold was taken to
the regimental hospital and his wound
dressed.
The officer stated that he was not inter
fering with the sentinel in any way, ana
that he was simply passing by the camp
when the soldier shoved his bayonet in
his face and ordered him to get out.
Feld, according to his statement, merely
caught hold of the eun and pushed it
away from his face, when without any
further provocation the sentinel struck
him. The officer declares that ho was in
no way offending.
AT THE PRESIDIO.
mColonel Johnson and Two Co-
panics of the Sixth Infan
try Go to Benicia.
Lleutenant-Colonel Johnson and Com
panies C and G of the Sixth California
Infantry will proceed to Benlcla Barracks I
by iho steamer McDowell Tuesday, to
garrison that post, relieving the detach- j
ment of the Fourth Cavalry at present on i
duty there. Final orders have not been
issued yet directing the other four com
panies of the regiment to take up their I
station at Fort Point for artillery drill,
but they are expected to-day and the re
maining six companies of the command
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1898.
BRIGADES REORGANIZED.
Major - General Otis Assigns King and
MacArihur to Commands.
It has been found necessary to rearrange the brigade formation of the
troops of Camp Merritt. The frequent changes that circumstances have
made in the plans for the future disposition of the Philippine troops,
have necessarily been accompanied by corresponding changes in the dif
ferent brigades.
The orders issued yesterday morning by Major-General Otis, creat
ing four provisional brigades, are considered permanent, and will remain
in effect until the forces in their entirety arive at the front; then the ex
igencies of the occasion will determine the permanent campaign forma
tion. They are as follows:
Headquarters Independent Division Philippine Islands Expedi
tionary Forces, Camp Merritt, San Francisco June 12, 1898.
General Orders No. 5.
The redistribution of the troops of the division into provisional
brigades is made as follows:
First Brigade, Brigadier-General Miller commanding — Four
teenth United States Infantry, Eighteenth United States Infantry,
Twenty-third United States Infantry, Third United States Artillery,
Fourth United States Cavalry, one company United States Engineers,
Batteries A and D, California Heavy Artillery.
Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Charles King commanding —
Thirteenth Begiment Minnesota Infantry, United States Volunteers,
Twentieth Begiment Kansas Volunteers, First Regiment Idaho Vol
unteers, two battalions. First Regiment Tennessee Volunteers to ar
rive.
Third Brigade, Brigadier-General Harrison Gray Otis com
manding — Seventh Regiment California Volunteers, one battalion
"Wyoming Volunteers, First Begiment Montana Volunteers.
Fourth Brigade, Brigadier-General Arthur Mac Arthur command
ing — First Begiment North Dakota Volunteers, First Begiment South
Dakota Volunteers, Fifty-first Begiment lowa Volunteers. By com
mand of MAJOR-GENEBAL OTIS,
JOHN L. SEHON, Assistant Adjutant-General.
The Seventh California was originally with the Fourth Brigade,
which was assigned to Brigadier-General. Otis; under the reorganization
the Seventh and Otis go to the Third.
Asked whether or not the damage reported to the boilers of the
steamer Morgan City would cause the erasure from the list of Wednes
day's expedition of the two Idaho battalions and the detachment of the
engineering corps, Major-General Otis replied, "I do not Bee why It
course, changes are always likely to leave in a few days, though, of
should; the boat ought to be able to happen."
will probably all break camp on the Pre
sidio plain to-morrow.
Colonel Johnson is highly elated over
the order from the War Department
directing that all incomplete infantry or
ganizations be raised to full regiments.
He hopes that when the Sixth is a three
battalion regiment with a full colonel in
command it will be recalled from the
"REGULAR" SURGEONS IN CHARGE.
The Three Officers Who Attend the Sick at the Field Hospital.
duty to which It Is now assigned and sent
to the Philippines.
Major Rice's battalion of heavy artil
lery will soon be recruited up to the
maximum of 200 men to the battery. Lieu
tenant Koster, the recruiting officer at
this point has already enlisted ninety-five
men, part of which have been assigned to
the battery at Lime Point. Major Rice
has dispatched Lieutenant Diss to Los
Angeles for recruits, and he is meeting
with gratifying success.
The two batteries in camp with Major
Hess' battalion of the Third Artillery wili
be recruited up first, as Major Rice hopes
to be ordered to Manila with them In
company with Major Hesa on the third
expedition.
The Fourth Cavalry Is left alone now
to perform garrison duty at the Presidio.
THE RED CROSS.
The Various Hospitals Visited
and All the Patients Found
to Be Doing Well.
The ladies of , the Red Cross Society
greatly appreciate the generosity of the
management *of . the French Hospital |in
caring for the sick soldiers of Camp Mer
ritt. The doors of ■ this >; hospital have
been gratuitously open to the • soldiers
since the day. that Camp Merritt was
! established, and a large number have
been tenderly nursed back to health.
The clothing of the camp has also been
cleaned and fumigated at the French
Hospital, for which no charge has been
made. There are now forty patients in
I this hospital from Camp Merritt. The
assistance rendered by this institution has
greatly lightened the work of ■ the Red
Cross Society. - :
The Red Cross .hospital, located in a
I large tent, near the French Hospital, has
j ten ■ patients. It is well furnished with
i iron bedsteads, bed clothing, -wardrobes
and other necessary equipments.
St. Luke's Hospital, on Valencia street,
is doing some good work. The nine pa
tients now there are being well ' cared
for. --- -.--; ■ - ■-. - -.-. -•■-.
The principal work of the Red Cross
Society yesterday was confined to visits
1 to .the various camps and hospitals to
'■ see how ' all the sick : men : were v getting
i along. They found them being faithfully
attended to, and among s them there were
very few, if , any, cases of | serious Illness.
: : - ■ ■ •■ - ■ . ♦ ' ■: .."• ■ -.• ■ :. ■
THE YOUNGEST RECRUIT.
Col. Berry's Regiment Adopts
the Infant Son of Surgeon
Roblee.
The Seventh California Regiment has a
son. The young soldier, who is but an in
fant in arms, was formally adopted by
the regiment yesterday morning under
peculiarly beautiful circumstances. His
name is Milo Hewett Roblee, a son of
Captain Roblee, who is one of the most
popular surgeons of the division. Yester
day morning after services had beeu held,
Chaplain Clarke, at the request of Cap
tain Roblee, baptized his son in the pres
ence of Colonel Berry, the field and staff
and the members of the company from
Riverside. The impressive ceremony was
the first of its kind in camp. The regi
mtnt regards the baby as its own, and to
a man they propose to look out for the
youngest and latest member who has
joined their ranks.
Promoted From the Ranks.
Colonel Ovenshine of the Twenty-third
[ Infantry, a popular regimental com
! mander, had every reason to be proud
and happy yesterday. The colonel was In
receipt of a dispatch from Fort Leaven
worth from his son, Bert, a corporal in
the Twenty-third Infantry, stating that
j he had successfully passed his examina-
I tion for promotion, and that he was daily
i expecting his commission as second lieu-
tenant. Young Ovenshlne enlisted In the
ranks and has won his promotion by his
soldierly ability and deserving merit.
Field Hospital Notes.
Dr. Johnson, lately associated with Dr.
Shiels in this city, has been ordered to
report for duty In the Infectious ward at
the fielti hospital.
A complete field outfit for six competent
men, who are yet to be selected. Is being
made ready. The corps will accompany
the boys from Nebraska.
Brigadier General Otis will to-day for
mally take command of the Fourth Bri
gade. He will establish his headquarters
next those of Brigadier General Miller.
The Fourth Brigade consists of the
Seventh California, First Montana, First
South Dakota and two battalions from
Wyoming.
Niger Boundary Dispute Settled
PARIS, June 12.— The Niger boundary
dispute, in which English papers and pol
iticians have seen a war cloud, Is prac
tically settled. A con\^ntlon covering all
disputes is ready for signature. France
gets two commercial depots on the lower
Niger for outlets for French trade with
upper Dahomey, while Great Britain's
gain consists of territory on the Gold
Coast.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38. •
222-224 6UTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
PRUNES, Oregon, Italian, reg. 10c
1b... 4 lbs. 25c
JAMS, Keiller's Scotch, reg 25c. 20c jar
LENOX SOAP, an excellent article
for the laundry, JSgj. ] Be 9 Cakes 25c
GLYCERINE SOAP, "La Pansi-
enne" brand %-lb. bars 10c
Doz. bars $1.10
POLANO WATER, natural mcdi:
cinal spring water, reg. $2.50 a
doz., to close out .... $2.00 a doz.
La Favorita de Cal. Zinfan-
del, reg. $3 50 doz. qts. . $2.90 doz.
This Wine seems to please almost
everybody. Try it.
DURING THE ENTIRE WEEK.
"CROWN PORT"— But little left of th's excellent wine,
This is the last sale. Worth double
25c a bottle. 5 bots. for $1.00.
June Catalogue sent free. Country orders
carefully packed. Shipped free within 100
miles.
Our New TEAS possess tha mo»t delicate
fragranca.
HARE-RAISING
AT THE PARKS
Great Coursing Here and
at Los Angeles.
A FIRM FRIEND AT UNION
THE GREAT DOG BEAT MOON
DYNE IN THE FINAL.
Koolawn Was the Best at Ingleside
in Spite of Long Boy, Who
Made a Gallant
' , ,; Tight  :
Joy and enthusiasm reigned supreme at
the Union coursing park yesterday. The
former was displayed by short-enders and
the latter was indulged In by many hun
dred bettors who were fortunate enough
to lay their shekels on Firm Friend in tho
final heat of the day between her and
Moondyne at 5 to 1.
In that race two "hares" had been al
lowed to make their escape, until a lively
fellow from the wilds of Fresno was
turned loose. The hounds were slipped
and bounded away after it in full tilt.
Moondyne Jumped to the front, but close
to his heels was the Pasha kennels' pride.
The former animal closed in and tried to
end the chase quickly. With a great leap
she poked her Jaws at the frightened rab
bit, which turned to escape. Firm Friend,
taking advantage of the new tack, clev
erly turned the hare three or four times,
until, with a tremendous leap, Moondyne
caught her prey. When Judge Bell sig
naled Firm Friend the winner the short
enders' Joy knew no bounds. Cheer after
cheer was given for the greyhound, the
judge, and in fact every one who par
ticipated in the race.
A delightful day attracted thousands to
the park. Lively hares tried the hounds
out to their utmost and oftentimes made
their escape, to the disappointment of the
dogs.
Commodore proved a veritable Chinese
puzzle to both talent and short-enders.
The representative of Curtis & Sons had
during the past few months run in poor
form, and when pitted against E. V. Sul
livan's Royal Buck it was though she
had not a ghost of a chance. With odds
of 4 to 1 against her she upset all prog
nostications by simply romping away
from her rival and winning out. Commo
dore was next pitted against Theron and
succeeded in running a tie, but on their
second appearance Theron in a hard drive
just beat her out for a flag.
In fhe "Bappltng stake" race the St.
Lawrence kennels had four representa
tives, all of whom were out of the same
litter— a coincidence rarely seen in a
coursing match. Lalla Rookh and Lottie
M, two sisters, were in the final. Lottie
M was favorite over the former, but Lalla
Rookh landed the purse after a hard
chase..
Long and "hare" raising rune were the
rule during the day and were appreciated
by every one. Following is the way the
dogs ran:
First ties— Lissak beat White Chief; Forget
beat Jorder's Valentine; Therein beat Glen
wood; Commodore beat Royal Buck; . Firm
Friend beat Laurelwood; Lady Blanche beat
Black Pattl; Johnny 3 beat Jester; Flying
Buck beat Chili Pepper: Moondyne beat Move
On; Van Knapp beat Dr. Norman; Tod Sloan
beat Iveanora; Emln Pasha beat Montana;
Mira Monte beat Bendigo; Metallic beat Her
cules; O'Grady beat Sylvanua; Skyball beat
Glenstowe.
Sapling stake— Celt beat Maid of Ball; Lalla
Rookh beat Kathleen; St. Gertrude beat Sky
high: Lottie M beat St. Gertrude; Lalla Rookh
beat Lottie M.
Second ties — Lissak beat Forget; Theron
beat Commodore; Firm Friend beat Lady
Blanche; Johnnie R beat Flying Buck; Moon
dyne beat Yon Mlaft; Tod Sloan beat El
Pasha; Metallic beat Mira Monte; Skyball
beat Sylvanus.
Third tlea— Theron beat Lissak; Firm Friend
beat Johnnie R; Moondyne beat Tod Sloan •
Skyball boat Metallic.
Fourth ties— Firm Friend beat Theron; Moon
ay ne boat Skyball.
Final— Firm Friend beat Moondyne.
At Ingleside.
Koo Lawn did it. Sh© was the best
at Ingleside yesterday. Log Boy made a
gallant fight, but the Santa Clara maid
made a "kick" and Log Boy was "left."
Then Little Dell threw down Santa Clara
County, and '"Frisco" owned It all.
The running in detail was as follows:
I. L. Sear's Beauty ran a bye; A. Halgh's
Hadowlster beat D. Shannon's Swlnnerton-
Lowe & Thompson's Victor beat b'
Dougherty's Tessie Fair; J. Shea's Firenzi
beat Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal; D
Hooper's Koolawn beat Deckelman & Pana
rio's Glen Roy; Deckelman & Panario's Old
Glory beat J. Farley's Fuller-more; Larkey &
Rook's Myrtle beat Dr. Ford's Bontta; Orient
kennel's Promise Me beat A. Massey's Per
simmons; O'Connell Bros.' Log Boy beat Dil
lon & Rellly's Sunburst; J. Stilwell's Little
Dell beat J. Byrne's Mohawk; I. L. Sear's
Hut Stuff beat Ray Grant's Diana; Kay &
Trent's Kollpse beat Lowe & Thompson's
Hl*h Born Lady; Kay & Trant's Crosspatrh
beat J. MeOormlck'e White Lily.
Firßt ties— Hadowlst beat Beauty; Firenzi
beat Victor; Koolawn beat Old Glory; Promise
Me beat Myrtle; Little Dell beat Lok Boy
ADVERTISEMENT".
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
CITYOF|j|| PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
BLACK DRESS 0000 S.
SPECIAL
REDUCTION SALE!
- On MONDAY, June 13, we will place on Sale the following numbers
of NEW AND SEASONABLE BLACK GOODS at astonishingly low
prices. ;"'- : . ; '-- :: ',' " ■ ' >.. . .-. '• -X ■' : ' • : - , '.'•
75 ; pieces NOVELTY- ETAMINES, GRENADINES AND JACQUARD
SUITINGS formerly $1 50 and $1 75; I price to close $1 yard.
18 pieces NOVELTI PIEROLA CLOTHS, formerly $1 75; price to close
•-. $1 25 yard. / :■:;-;;■; : '- ■.•;.;-:-;/.::. ■'■■-: 'y y^V.V -.- ■•;■■.■•-■;
9 pieces CREPON NOVELTIES, worth $3; price to close $2 yard.
15 pieces SILK AND WOOL PARIS GRENADINES in Checks, Plaids
• ' and Stripes, formerly $3 50 and $4; price to close $2 50 yard. -
. 750 REMNANTS from 2 to • 6 yards at ; GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
MOURNING GOODS A SPECIALTY.
STOCKTON STREET ENTRANCE.
SUIT AND CLOAK DEPARTMENT,
, / MILLINERY DEPARTMENT,
. LINGERIE DEPARTMENT
y . : AND CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
; • , ON SECOND FLOOR. y. r \
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Southeast Comer Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
■ b-^T^^^?^^^^^^^^^^T^^^^^^^^~^^- . - .■.:■■ - .'■■'>■■
Eclipse beat Hot Stuff; Crosspatch ran a bye.
Second ties— Hadowlst beat Firenzl; Koo
lawn beat Promise Me; Crosspatch beat Little
Dell; Eclipse ran a bye.
Third ties— Hadowlst beat Eclipse; Koolawn
beat Crosspatch.
Final — Koolawn beat Hadowlst.
Consolation stake— Lady Jane beat Prince of
Fashion; Bendalon beat Telephone Girl; Sylvia
beat Pulmer Hill: Kingston beat Fireball; 8.-
nicla Boy beat Vigilant: Flashlight beat Silk
wood; Oranna!e beat Hattel; Senorita beat
Counterfeit; Lass o' Gowrie beat Occidental.
First ties— Bendalong beat Lady Jane; Syl
via beat Kingston; Benicia Boy beat Flash
light; Grannale beat Senorita; Lass o' Gowrie
ran a bye.
Second ties— Sylvia beat Bendalong; Benicia
Boy beat Lass o' Gowrie; Grannale ran a bye.
Third ties— Sylvia beat Grannale; Benicia
Boy ran a bye.
Final— Benicia Boy beat Sylvia.
At Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, June 12.— There was
a fair crowd out to the coursing
at Agricultural Park to-day. The
sport was good and nearly all the favor
ites were entered. There was a consola
tion stake for all the dogs beaten in the
first run-offs, which gave every one a
chance for the money.
In the run offs B B and B beat Kitty Scott;
ReHp.nce beat Romeo; Hercules beat Fair
Rosaline; Beau Brummel beat Portia; Grazer
beat Little Dick; Stella beat Shamrock Lass:
Queen J beat Lone Star; Shamrock beat Move
On: Orpheum Lass beat Oriental: Van Tralle
boat Blue Bird; Fleetfoot beat Turk; Juanita
beat Home Rule.
In the first ties Reliance beat B B and B:
Beau Brummel beat Hercules: Grazer beat
Stella; Queen J beat Shamrock; Orpheum Lass
beat Van Tralle; Fleetfoot beat Jbanita.
In the run offs, consolation, Kitty Scott beat
Romeo; Fair Rosaline beat Portia; Shamrock
Lass beat Little Dick; after a tie Move On
beat Lone Star; Oriental beat Blue Bird; Home
Rule beat Turk.
In the second ties Beau Brummel beat Re
liance; Grazer beat Queen J; Orpheum Lass
beat Fleetfoot.
In the first ties, consolation. Fair Rosaline
beat Kitty Scott; Shamrock Lass beat Move
On; Oriental beat Home Rule.
In the third ties Grazer beat Beau Brummel-
Orpheum Lass beat Sir Walter Scott a bye.
In the Becond ties, consolation. Fair Rosa
line beat Shamrock Lass; Oriental beat Van
Tralle a bye.
In the flnalß Orpheum Loss beat Grazer, with
Grazer second. Beau Brummel third.
In the finals, consolation. Oriental beat Fair
Rosaline, with Fair Rosaline second Shamrock
Lass third.
ABT IN HUMANITY'S CAUSE.
A Second Day's Exhibit of Paintings
in Aid of the Bed Cross
Society.
Owing to th« crush at the art exhibit
held in aid of the Red Cross Society in the
rooms of the Press Club on Saturday
afternoon and evening, the gems donated
by local artists have not all been disposed
of, and this afternoon and evening too
pictures that have not been purchased
will be again exhibited. As on the first
day, a delightful musical programme will
be rendered, and it is expected that the
rooms will again be crowded with a
fashionable and critical gathering.
Preparations to receive and entertain
the visitors have been under way, and
every effort will be made to repay them
for their expenditures in aid of the boys
in blue.
S. M. Shortridge will act as auctioneer
in. the evening, and his persuasive voice
will surely win many bids for the unsold
pictures. So far many hundreds of dol
lars have been received by those in
charge of the exhibition, and it is ex
pected that the receipts for the two days
will be over a thousand.
The thanks of the Red Cross Society are
particularly due to Mrs. N. Clarke for
originating the idea of holding the exhibi
tion. While aiding the soldiers out in
camp with food and other necessaries she
thought the artists of this city might lend
their aid. She consulted Annabel Lee, a
fellow-artist, and it was decided to appeal
to the profession. Their requests for as
sistance were readily granted, and within
a short period pictures in large quantities
began to flow in. The Press Club allowed
the ladies the use of its club rooms for
the exhibition and aided in other ways.
Other artists volunteered their services
and the work of arranging the pictures
was soon finished. Invitations were sent
to over a thousand people, and that thj?y
were accepted was shown by the tre
mendous crowd that flowed in and Out of
the rooms on Saturday.
AN ELECTRIC PICNIC.
Brothers of the Magnetic Fluid Enjoy
an Outing.
The National Brotherhood of Electrical
Workers had a jolly time at Schuetzen
Park yesterday, it being the occasion of
their fourth annual picnic. A large crowd
was in attendance. Following was the
result of the games:
Tug-of-war— Married men, captained by W.
Macfarlane, were conquered by single men,
with "Professor" Gladstone as mascot.
Fat men's race— J. J. Cameron first, J. F.
Daly second.
Fat ladles' race— Mrs. Davidson won.
Members' race— W. Cooke won.
Marriageable ladies' race— Miss A. D. Wil
liams first, Miss Cronan second.
Special young men's race (for professionals)—
Artie Coleman first, Frank Miryyl second.
Climbing 20-foot pole— L. Fairchtld, 19 sec,
first (champion of Paciflo coast); J. J. Cam
eron, second.
The officers of the organization are as
follows:
Grand president. E. Rush; president, W. A_
Barstow; vice-president. R. D. Bennett; treas
urer, George BTirnhart; financial secretary, R.
Gale; recording secretary, A. Whitfleld; In
spectors, B. T. Collins and C. Stark; foreman,
W. R. Doyle.
The committee of arrangements was com
posed of R. D. Bennett (chairman), F; Kent
ley. R. Gale, W r . H. Bray, W. T. Crepe, J.
Donaldson, J. H. Gladstone, C. Stark, George
Sittman.
JPATENTSI -3
patents: ;)
>15^330 MARKET ST. Sf.^SSX
. . ADVERTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S GREAT FIGHT.
Eminently Successful la Battling
with Disease of All Kind*.
Professor Munyon Is" winning fresh
triumphs eaoh day. From all parts of th«
civilized world come words of gladness
from those who have been cured.
Physicians themselves admit that Mun-
yon's new system of curing disease la the
most rational of any yet discovered. It Is
as far In advance of the old method as an
electric light Is beyond a tallow dip.
Munyon guarantees that his Rheumatism
Cure will cure nearly all cases of rheuma-
tism In a few hours; that his Dyspepsia
Cure will cure Indigestion and all stomach-
troubles; that his Kidney Cure will cure
00 per cent, of all cases of kidney trouble;
that his Catarrh Cure will cure catarrh no
matter how long standing; that his Head-
ache Cure will cure any kind of headache
In a few minutes; that his Cold Cure will
quickly break up any form of cold, and 8©
on through the entire list of his remedies..
Guide to Health and medical advice abso-
lutely free. Prof. Munyon, 1505 Arch St.,
Philadelphia.
Going to the Country?
Take a KODAK with you. It's records
will recall pleasant incidents of your vaca-
tion. . Kodaks, $5 00, $35 00.
' Also Poco, Premo and other Cameras— 00
$50 00. '
Catalogues on application.
.OPTICIANS'^nSftPHic apparatus.
642 Market St. SCIENTIFIC «.
642 Market. ot. instruments
unotft CMOKICIt SuuOiNb '
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices— loc, 25c and 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
» THIRD WEEK of
.'.'. GEORGE P. WEBSTER .*.".
In Clay M. Greene's Great Arctic " Drama,
"Under the Polar Star/ 7
Directed by H. PERCY MELDON.
A Magnificent Production, With New Scenic,
Mechanical and Electrical Effects.
Gigantic Icebergs The Sea of Ice.
Burning of the Arctic Steamer.
The Aurora Borealls. '
Drifting Over the North Pole on the Ice Floes.
OLD GLORY AT THE NORTH POLE.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT,
Inaugural — In all its Perfection — New -
FRAU/LEY COm F» ANY
Presenting for the first time in this city
Augustin Daly's Latest Comedy Success,
"NUMBER NINE."
By the Authors of "Great Unknown," "Two
. . Escutcheons," etc.
NEXT MONDAY— "ARISTOCRACY."
BALDWIN THEATER.
. Continuing all this week. Afternoons at 8,
evenings at 8:30. The acme of science in mov-
ing pictures. "THE PASSION PLAY." Ad-
mission, with seat, adults 25c, children 150.
Week Commencing Monday, June FANNY
WENTWORTH, London Society Entertainer-
EZRA KENDALL, humorist; CARLIN and
CLARK, German Comedians; SA VANS Acro-
batic Comedy; KATIE ROONEY, WILLS and
LORETTO. ALBURTUS and BARTRUM,
MUSICAL JOHNSONS. Retained by Popular
demand— AL LEACH and the THREE ROSE-
BUDS. . v • .
Reserved seats 23c, balcony 10c, opera chairs)
and box seats 50c.
■•• ■ ,
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Proprietor and Manager.
; THIS EVENING,
- . ■■I >V —1776—1893—
THE PATRIOTIC OPERATIC SPECTACLE.
/\N
AMERICAN HERO!
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
LOOK OUT FOR
".AJLjI BAB A. I"
. A New Burlesque on an Old Subject..
Popular Prices ........... ..... 25 and 500
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR seat pho b n y c .
nL<vn/^ni\. main 254.
TO-NIGHT!.
LEWIS MORRISON,
In His Original Creation. COUNT DE MORN AT
T J^
A CELEBRATED CASE!
Prices— lsc,' 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week, Lewis Morrison in 'THE NA-
> - TION'S DEFENDERS."
GRAND EXCURSION TO LOS 6ATOS
\ -^ ■ — ON— " : . ':
JXJI>TE 17. 1838,
-BY- 7 '
Bunker Hill Association, Sons of Vermont,
Sons of American Revolution i and
 .: California Pioneers.
Oration by HON. SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE.
V FULL BAND OF MUSIC.
Trains ; leave . Third and Townsend streets at
'-..:-■■ -■?:'.<-:■'.>■■■ ■'.;*. 8:30 a. m. : -■ .
TICKETS '.».;•. ROUND TRIP.
. Children 50c. To be had at the . Emporium
and at the depot on the morning of the cele- ■
bration. ; Prizes awarded.
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE GREATEST GUN ON EARTH,
IS AT THE CHUTES
EVERY ' . AFTERNOON i AND \ EVENING.
A - Great Vaudeville : Performance ' in the
: FREE THEATER.
SEE THE "DEPARTURE OF THE PEKING!"
MONSTER SEA LION just added to the ZOO!
10c, including : Zoo and Theater; Children, . Be.
; : OLYMPIA I Corn^f so " *" J
. ■ I Eddy StrMti
A Great' New ■ Bill: THE BIOGRAPH, New
War Scenes; the ' GREAT DE BOE, LA ROY
SISTERS. ENYVELL, MAUDE ROCKWELL,
LA MONT, WILLIAMS, GAMBOL. Great
Show. Admission Free. ;.-■-, .
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
.; \ Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION lOc 7" - - - CHILDREN 5*
Bathing, with admission. Zoo; children, SOo.
56
NATIONAL
GUARDSMEN
Two Decisions Concern
ing Reorganization.
NO EQUIPMENT FOR GUARDS.
GOVERNOR AND MAJOR GEN
ERAL TO CONFER.
A Regiment of Infantry That Will
Be Well Prepared if It Is Called
Into Service — Naval
Militia.
During the past week there has been
but little work done in the National Guard
of the State of California, but there has
been some discussion by the heads of
the organization on the subject of the
re-establlshment of the guard.
Within ten days there have been ren
dered two decisions on this subject — the
first by the judge advocate of the Divi
sion staff, Lieutenant-Colonel J. J. Dwyer,
and the other by Attorney-General Fitz
gerald. The two do not coincide on the
material points, the former holding that j
the moment the National Guardsmen vol
unteered into the service of the United
States they ceased to be members of the
guard and should be discharged from the
service of the State. The other holds
that the men who have so enlisted may
be granted leave of absence, and that upon I
the close of the war they can return to |
the several positions In companies and
regiments they occupied before enlisting.
The Attorney-General holds that the ser
vices of the National Guardsmen in the
war should count the same as if they
were actually guardsmen in the State.
The latter decision is on the lines of
the action taken recently In the matter
of guardsmen in New York. Massachus
etts, Pennsylvania and Illinois. In the
State of Massachusetts the Legislature,
which was in session, passed a law pro- j
viding thai the guardsmen be granted a I
■ of absence while in the volunteer ]
service, and that within thirty days aftei
being mustered out they can return to
their previous positions in the service of
the State.
A DIFFICULTY.
Aside from the opinion of the Attorney-
General, which will no doubt be followed,
as it is favored by Governor Budd, Com
mander-in-Chief, and Adjutant-General
Barrett, the.re is great difficulty in the
way of rehabilitating the guard, should
there be a desire to do so. That is the
lack of uniforms and equipments. The
First and Seventh regiments and the bat
talion from the Sixth went into the ser
vice of the United States with the arms
and uniforms of the State, and the ar
mories are empty, so that if there were
enrolled a number of mon to bring the
companies up to the minimum number
these would be simply bodies of men un
able to perform the duties of National
Guardsmen for want of that which is
necessary to make up the soldier.
The State Legislature not being in ses
sion at this time, there is no appropria
tion with which to put such men, wero
they to be enrolled, in proper condition
for service.
It has been stated that at this time
there in no need for more guardsmen in
this State than there are at present for
the reason that th*re will be plenty of
soldiers in the volunteer service to call
upon in case of need. While it is true
that there will be many volunteers, such
men are not in the service of the State
and they cannot be called upon the same
as State troops for immediate duty. Be
fore they could he called out to take part
in any trouble in the State it would have
to appear to the satisfaction of the Presi
dent of the United St. •::<•? that all the
I'^-r of the civil authorities and that of
the National Guard had been exhausted
and that it was insufficient.
A TOXFERENX^.
This afternoon there will be a confer
ence in the headquarters of Major Gen
eral Dickinson in the Mills building for
the purpose of discussing the proposition
of reorganization. At this there will be
present the commander-in-chief and the
division commander and others who are
interested in the guard. The division
cmimander is in .favor of reorganizing
the guard and placing it on a better foot-
Ing than it was before the mustering in of
Jh P m w n volun teerc-d, but in view of
the difficulties in the way of reorganizing
at this time and the opinion of the At
torney General it is likely that nothing in
mm» V « y t Of |> rr t c i; eStabl J Sinff the Jard »*U
come out of the conference.
THE FIFTH REGIMENT.
In anticipation that the Fifth Regi
ment of Infantry will be called out to fill
the State's quota on the second call for
volunteers, the several companies have,
during the past two weeks, been prepar
ing themselves for presentation before
the mustering officer within twelve hours
after being summoned. And to encourage
them in this the citizens of the locali
ties in which the several companies are
stationed, Petaluma most prominently
have n^ide arrangements to provide each
company with what they shall need for a
week at least, so that if they are called
put they will be all prepared for camp
life and will not want for many things, as
aid some of the other regiments of volun
orTt Camp kiernlr 1^ at the Pre ? °
The men are all furnished with the new
uniforms recently provided by the State
that is the men who were on the roll be
fore there was recruiting up to the full
number. The recruits instead of appear
ing in any old thing" will wear uniforms
that were cast aside for the new ones.
The men have during the past two weeks
been very thoroughly drilled and they
have received instructions' in camp life
They have also received instructions m
the matter of putting up and operating
the Buzzecott ovens, the proper distribu
tion of rations and the preparation of
them so if they are ordered out to Camp
Merritt they will be in much better con
dition than any of the State troops pre
viously sent out It is expected that or
ders which will decide the fate of the
regiment will be received at the head
quarters of the <ommander-ln-chief either
to-day or to-morrow.
OTHER ORGANIZATIONS.
There- being no further demand for first,
second or third class signalmen there will
be no more enlistments from the three
brigade signal corps of the State
The several troops of cavalry are ready
to move, but- the chances .ire that they
will not be called into service
The naval nrflitla is still waiting orders
X number of the men In this organization
tired of waiting to be called out for sea
Service, have volunteered and joined the
toot troops in the hope that they will be
sent to Manila or some other point to
which troops may be ordered. Their anx
iety is that they may be sent somewhere
Dut of the State.
FATHER YORKE'S SERMON.
He Addresses Thousands on the
Tented Field. V
_In the big tent of the Catholic Truth
Society at Camp Merritt Re.v. Father
rorke yesterday morning followed 10-30
o'clock mass with a: stirring sermon to
the multitude from the tents who had
fathered to hoar him.
Father Yorke^ took for his theme the
parable _from »-the fourteenth, chapter of
Luke,, "The Invitation to the Banquet/
hHe went forth into the highways : and
Dj'Wciys.
He likened the gathering of a great
army .to the gathering of the hosts of
God, every man was eligible no matter
what his station. "Remember," said he
'that you aresoldiers of God as well or
pour flag and religion can but make you
better stronger soldiers in whatever
E3.US6. ..■■-.;„ -■*'
First mass was celebrated at 7:30 o'clock
rt the morning by Father Yorke and over
£0 of those present took holy communion •-
The i services were i followed by a tooth '
some breakfast served by the Sisters of
'.he Holy. Family to all of the soldiers who
tared to partake of it. ..> -- . . . ■ "
Father - O'Ryan celebrated - late mass
find ■ announced s that * hereafter : mass will
be ' celebrated at 7 o'clock every morning
{or the benefit of those who are to leave
»n Wednesday's expedition.
TRANSPORTS
ALMOST READY
The Senator to Go Out
With the Others.
QUICK WORK DONE ON HER.
TAKEN BY THE GOVERNMENT
LAST WEDNESDAY.
An Exciting Rat Hunt in the Harbor
Receiving Hospital Ended in
a Brilliant Victory for
Dr. Hill.
There were basy times on the trans
ports yesterday. At the Mall Dock the
last of the supplies were being put
aboard the China, and Colon; at the Oce
anic dock camp equipments, ammunition
and two field gruns for the Utah battery
were put aboard the Zealandla, while
scow schooners and barg-es were putting
coal Into the Senator from both sides.
Very little was being done to the Morgan
City, and the chances are that she will
go on the drydock before starting for
Manila. In that event she will not go out
with the Zealandla, Senator, China and
Colon, but will be added to the fleet com
posed of the Ohio, Indiana, City of Para
and City of Puebla.
Orders have been Issued to everybody
who has anything to do with getting the
first-named fleet ready to have every
thing aboard and in place by Tuesday
night. In the case of the Zealandia,
China and Colon everything that can be
put aboard will be on the steamers to
night, but double gangs will have to
work day and night in order to get the
Senator ready by Tuesday night. The
China, Colon and Zealandia will probably
go out into the stream to-day, when the
work of putting the ammunition aboard
will begin. Orders are for the fleet to
sail on Wednesday, but the chances are
that it will be Thursday before they get
away.
The greatest rat hunt in the history of
the water front took place in the Harbor
Receiving Hospital last Saturday night.
Dr. Hill escaped with a slight scalp
wound. Dr. Zabala ruined a shirt and
burst a pair of suspenders, Arthur Os
born was scared half to death, Chris Jes
sen had to take, refuge on the top of a
folding bed. but the rat was killed.
It was about 9:30 p. m. and the front
door of the hospital was open. A mon
ster gray rat attracted by the electric
light came up from the Mission-street
s^wer and begaji an exploration of the
operating-room. Dr. Hiflf spied the in
truder, and with great presence of mind
closed the means of egress for the ro
dent and seized a club. He explained the
situation to his companions, and Dr. Za
bala armed himself with a walking stick,
Jeasen with a broom and Osborn with a
sword bayonet. In the hunt that follow
ed Dr. Hill received a blow intended for
the rat on his head from Jes.sen's broom,
while in making a dive under a table
after the pest Dr. Zabala's shirt and sus
penders caught in a nail, but the nail
being the stronger, won the day. Hard
pressed by Dr. Hill, the rat took refuge
in the leg of Arthur Oshnrn's trousers,
and everybody in the room had to give
up the chase in order to laugh at Ar
thur 1 s efforts to get rid of his unwelcome
guest.
When Osborn finally dislodged the rat
it made a bee line for Jessen, and the lat
ter in his anxiety to escape climbed to the
top of a folding bed. The rat took rofuge
in the bedclothes, and when dislodged
Dr. Hill laid it low with a blow from his
club. Then the victoi^ous four sat down
to repair damages.
A. F. Carson, an ex-driver for Wells,
Fargo & Co., received a probably fatal in
jury yesterday morning. While under
the influence of liquor he fell at the cor
ner of Sacramento and Kearny. His head
struck the curbstone and the chances are
that his skull is fractured. He was
treated by Dr. Zabala at the Harbor Re
ceiving Hospital.
Charley Fair's palatial gasoline yacht
I.ucero came out of retirement yesterday
and will be kept in commission" through
out the season. For nearly two years she
has been laid up in Oakland Creek, but
Mr. Fair has decided to recommission
her. Yesterday she was taken to Sausa
llto and after an overhauling will go on
a cruise 'to Monterey and Santa Cruz.
E. W. Hopkins' fine steam yacht El
Prlmero is also going into commission
shortly. She is on the drydock at the
Union Iron Works, but as she is in the
same dock as tne Corona, it will be about
two weeks before she can get out. Mr.
Hopkins is thinking of going East for a
visit and if he does so the El Primero
will not go Into commission until his re
turn.
The boys of the naval battalion took a
day off yesterday and went to Goat Island
for a clambake. They took along a
plentiful supply of the succulent bivalve
and several kegs of beer. For one day at
least war and rumors of wars were for
gotten and the boys had a real enjoyable
time of it. After their outing they are
now ready to fight the whole Spanish na
tion.
The steamer Tillamnok with her tow
the Tukon River steamer Rideout, got
away for St. Michael yesterday. Every
thing in regard to the freight on the
Tillamook's dock was arranged to the
satisfaction of the customs authorities so
that the vessel was allowed to proceed
The Alaska-Yukon Transportation Com
pany's river steamer James Eva went out
Saturday night in tow of the tug Rescue.
The tug will take her to Astoria, -where
she will be turned over to the company's
steamer National City and towed to St
Michael. The Eva will be followed by
two others of the company's river steam
ers in a week or so. The tug Rescue will
bring back a big raft from the Columbia
River.
The British bark "VHllscott has been
purchased by John Rosenfeld's Sons
for $35.500. She put In here in distress
after having been dismasted in a hurri
cane on the Japanese coast. It will cost
about $30,000 to put her in thorough re
pair and then she will be as good as a
now vessel, as she was only on her
maiden voyage when the accident hap
pened.
A new kind of rubber plant has been
discovered in the Congo region. The sap
that becomes converted into rubber is
contained in its roots.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
POR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain In the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams and all
Nervoua and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRBT DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PIIXS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARCEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the World,
25c. at all Drug Stores.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1898.
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
- - - - AND - ...
PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale
Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following; Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass,' Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Win.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI 00., Importers of High-Class Fur-
niture, French Cabinets, Marble Statuary, Etc , 117
Batter street. ; : '
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
'■ MEN7A CPDIV Proprietor.. Send for meas-
IfICMU srlUl>U ure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion. 9 Geary Ft., S. F. '
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
ETWF £ CmiMni ED Bank. Office and Saloon
MWILaOtniPIULcK, Fittings. 1309 Market
St. Telephone South 267.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock -Fir I ID £ fil v Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. nILLII ll vW- San Francisco.
BELTING.
LP nPItPN Manufacturer of Belting and
. T. IICUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50, ~ 165 and ' $75. Crescents, In Men's
and Ladles' $35. Second-hand Wheels, $16 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL, 80S Laxkln street.
BOILER MAKERS. '
y-j f» W. J. Brady's Patent
fi \\ DETACHABLE
UW. J. MUD Patent
DETACHABLB
MUD DRUM
»^SEHBBKK^?-jfe|Wt for Steam Boilers,
*-"*SlHiJjijg^ Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
■' Telephone Main 5045. ■
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS, .
JT3 MfTVFVBI? Bookbinderjrind Printer,
Ji Di lUbinilnJj. 422 Commercial street.
CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUGH, GOLCHER & CO.
* 538 Market Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
COAL, COKE AND PIO IRON. "
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. Supt. H. Blyth. Mjrr.
I C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mr« M H ORFR £f ft equipoise waists.
..ir>..T!.n.U&LK 8. tU. 34 Geary it.,T«I. Red 1401
COSTUMERS.
GOLDSTEIN & CO.. costumers; wigs; play-
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main ICIS.
DENTIST.
I)D f f Riff! A DTK gE. corner Kearny.
lln- W n- nIUIAKLJj, BE. corner Kearny.
»
DRAYAGB.
McNAB & SMITH, V I
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse. ••''■
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. -Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDiNGTON & COs/g^^f^^f^^
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,"
407-409 Montgomery st. ■'
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., AGENTS,
609 MARKET SXREET,
Bee to announce that in consequence of their having chartered the steamer
/VIORGAIN CITY
to the Government they have decided to substitute the
S^r? HUMBOLDT
In her place in the Alaakan trade. The HUMBOLDT has been the favorite steam-
ship running between this port and Dyea and Skaguay this season, having made
the quickest run without accident or detention.
THIB HUMBOLDT
Will be dispatched from CLAY S TREET WHARF at 8 o'clock on
and will connect at St. Michael with the OAMECOCK and STAGHOUND and other
river boats. The GAMECOCK and STAGHOUND are the most beautifully ap-
pointed river steamers in the trade.
Passengers holding tickets on the Steamer MORGAN CITY are requested to
??TT I »?4r?r U^r Market Stre et Passenger Office and exchange them for tickets on the
For freight and passage apply to the
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
609 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO; 112 YESLER WAY, SEATTLE.
There was a clergyman in a Long Island village who suf-
fered from dyspepsia to such an extent that it positively seemed
sometimes as though his doctrine was not sound. It was, however,
only a stomach trouble, and had nothing to do with the mind.
Being convinced ef this, one of his parishioners, a lady, presented
him with a small quantity of Ripaos Tabules and the relief he ex-
perienced was such that all the congregation noticed an improve-
ment, and now, although his salary is small, this clergyman and
his wife devote a portion of it to keeping the medicine closet
stocked with a suitable supply of Ripans Tabules. Doubtless
there are many cases where what has been thought heresy was in
fact nothing more. nor less than dyspepsia, and Ripans Tabules cure
dyspepsia. One gives relief.
FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.: only makers
on the coast. 219 Front st. ; tel. Front 38.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. V -
I A 5 RftVEC £• rti Shipping Butchers, 108
JA3< DUIE3 & tU., Clayf' Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR. '
NATION A I Flour Mills. J. Martenstetn St Co.
llAllvllAL'S.'w. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
HARDWARE. . V
DALACE Hardware Co., lmporters Dealers
17 in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES. V
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkin St., S. F.
' Wholesale and Retail . Manufacturers ■■: of ■ all
kinds of Harness ' and < dealers ►■■ In Buggies.
Carts, etc. slf you want bargains call or write
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Block 1503.
■ ; JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St.,
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS ;
MADE purely of limes and ' lemons ■ In : bottles
and cases. L. O. Sresovlch Co., 621 Sanaome st.
' MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE REDVHIDII Mattress Co., 642 Mission
HID DIKIMIAKiI st. Telephone Main 1674.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMPTTP PULP AND PAPER CO.,
TV I LLAIYI LI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and mUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FAT) AIT Agency. Reloading, developing, prlnt-
IVUI/Ani n g. , t. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
H nnMECTIP" Pre-eminently the machine for j
UUITILuIIU. family use. 1021 Market street, j
:-"%■" v-Ut near Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I lirV *■ Til 23 California street. !
• A, LI LI U vU.,room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
:: e g le PARTRIDGE, ■.. a f y nto e g:-
THE HICKS-JUDD CQ. ,:W£?£sZt« j
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
• ' Rooms ■rul C ni ICC Claus Spreckels
407. 408, 409. 410 vIIA 3 DLI Bldg., 4th Floor.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
to Hawks * Shattuck. The Home Industry
House, 508 Clay st.
TYPEWRITERS. ,
||||, ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
lraß|B^n Few partly us>pd for sale cheap.
#PlJ^3^s. Send for samples and prices.
*3*S§2=» L; ft M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS. /
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of" I
' carriages, buggies, ■ etc. ; repairing done /In- j
first-class style at fair prices for good work. '
128 Spear St.; tel. Main 295. . .
. ; It WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO ,
Forwarding / ... Agents and ' Public ■'■ Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON, ': 733 Market \, st.
Wholesale and retail Special 15-year-old i
Hermitage. Near Claus Spreckels building, j j
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Call thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your . summer outing thai* and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral, Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
: Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing. Tennis. Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
! Handball Shutfleboard. Livery and Burros for
I the children.
' RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, tie to $15
! per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week. .
: Call or address ' .
: : BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cat
. . \ Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
; : A field for health and pleasure without - a
counterpart In America or Europe. : Most phe-
nomena! rod . and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ■ ride.:
i Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
; sports, i . Music, darling, pyrotechnics. . water
carnival, etc.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.-
ISLAND VILLA
Open , July 1. SPLENDID aHKaMGEMKNT
' for campers. :■■-.;;
' Full Information, rates and illustrated pam-
phlet*. ' ■■ . - • - • • . ■ •- ..*.=?■?
> WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO '
222 SOUTH SPRINO ST..
Los Angeles. Cal.
SARATOGA Si.
Lake County, Cal,
■^'Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
j unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
| : picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
i of access: telephone connections and dally mall
j Rates ; to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
i prietor, or In San Francisco, 416 Pine street. F.
A.;BUSSE.-. " ■•:. _•■■■;•.:-■ - . .-. .■■■■- ..■■■■
PARAISO~BOT SPRINGS,
Monterey l County, Col.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
: and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
: Paralso stands unsurpassed; round -trip tickets
at 613 Market St., S. F.. $8; trains leave daily
; at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad.
; For • terms - and free pamphlet address ■ R. ,
j ROBERTSON. ; Manager.
fll/ 1 A ftp HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co
All II \ On 'y 4^ hours from S. F. an*
UIinUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
* noted I for medicinal ] virtues; '. best natural bath
i In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent . climate: good trout
streams ■at door; ■ photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally mall: FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from 8. F. only. $5 50; take Tlburon
! ferry at 7:80 a. m. or 3:30 p. :m. Terms, $1 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest -of th«
past three years. J. F. MULGRE W. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located In
' the midst of the Coast Range. . ~V.
Abundance ' of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge Aaths. large swimming tank of mineral
water- mm stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights. livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. : Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10. .
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor. .
J. WALLACE SPA ULDINO.N Manager. :
~iNGV7T3SrS.
On Howell Mountain; elevation .. 1750 feet:
swimming tank 100x40: temperature of water
78 degrees: climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to $12 per week: two trains dally;
four hours from city- < Telephone. ■ ' .
..,-: E. ANO WIN, - Angwln. Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Fo F r tn^t«rl S£*«S33s •&35..°K:
wick, Sisklyou County. Cal. ; ; •
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious Umcte: , p|o-
turesque scenery; - mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves:
lawns and gardens. . The ' best j advantages .- for
those who need to obtain comfort, >■ rest and
health culture In a short time. Address St.
Helena ' Sap.;«arium. St. ■ Helena. Cal.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, m
miles; fare. $« 45: dally stage : to springs, 9
miles; fare. $1: elevation 1000 feet: 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people ; telephone. . telegraph and postof floe
In hotel: rates, $10 and up: • fend for book of
Information and testimonials. \ ED. B. WAV
BRIDGE, Proprietor. .--.:- V,
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
fs Most •' wonderful •". waters; ■ all kinds of skin
■ diseases cured ■ In marvelously short time; | kid-
ney ' liver, ' catarrh. - rheumatism ■ and • stomach
troubles Immediately relieved; rates $10 to ; $18
per ' week. - ~ Long-distance ■ telephone. :•. Address '
J. A. HATS, Proprietor. Lake County. , •
-DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two i miles .from Hopland; unequalled soda;
and magnesia springs: hot and cold baths; fur-
nished » cottages; terms *10 :to.'«i2 per- week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets. JO. HOWELIj. ■
Proprietor. Hopland. Cal. ,; r -
~¥i ft TOCALOMA. c ' riß
i BERTRAND HOTEL.
I First - class :i, accommodations; reasonable
rates; fishing: beautiful drives to Bear * Valley, ;
etc. JOSEFH F. BERTRAND or 321 Kearny at \
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
"'7: Good cheer and ' home ' comforts. Best location i
for driving to • all I points of < Interest on I or, near )
the ■ lake. •; - Boats •: free 'to guests. For circular
and terms address E. B. SMITH & CO.. Bijou
Postoffice, Cal. ;,'-' :■■..- :;■ '.:. -iv. \_ '.;-; •;•-;;-;;-.' ■{
DEER- PARK INN
I (Lake Tahoe), elevation ■ 6507 feeet, : opens June
■ 1 •-" Fine - accommodations. Cottages ■ with . pri-
vate baths and. open fires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. j rates. $13 60 i for I ROUND i TRIP. m J. 8.
I LIBBT. room l. Flood building. Baa Francisco. ■
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
• PLEASURE and
RECREATION
is along SAN FRANCISCO and
oo H E the NE NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 200, well
stocked with trout. l) '« 'WMJIJ «*fy
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit .one cf our many
Mineral Spring- Resort*.
. If you want to enjoy the "ome life of »
ranch - there • are many ranchers who . will be
glad to have yon. • « •
. Camping grounds are free.
.- At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are ..reasonable. ■
• For . detailed - Information - apply . at Ticket
Office. 550 Market st. (Chronicle • building), or
at General Office, -Mutual Life ■ building, San-
some and California sts.
• R. :X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent. '
A. W. : FOSTER. President and General i
Manager. ';; ■
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and. North Pa- J
cific Railway, In . Marln, Sonoma. Mendoclno
and Lake counties.-
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, plong Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. -Low rates. Supples from
neighboring : towns delivered dally at camps.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. 630 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at I
General | Office, •; Mutual Life . building, Sansoms
and California sts. ; -. . V .- jj > '->!
: R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent. -
' A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
§li)Y HOT SPRINGS!
U/ x^__^ \
Under new management
MECCA V$
For the annual seeder after
Repose and recuperation.
Only-three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Town»end streets.
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Malson Tortonl and Poodle Dog
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
■*♦ OAKLAND
y^ffiwtt^ 13th and Jefferson Sts.
Only 35 minutes
from San Fran-
jj-s||w3 A Desirable Summer
■i^^jSliS? r and Winter Resort for
■■■■-"" ..-.■■•" Families, Travelers
R. M. BRIARE, Prop. and Tourists.
___
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer. '
Boats free to guests/ Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and ■ careful attention to
patrons. . Climate perfect. . Sixteen miles ■ from '
rruckee in the heart of . the Sierras " and " sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of . an unbroken
forest.' The ideal spot for families because it Is
'lean, no poison oak. no pests. : And pure air
»nd pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CL.EM- !
3NS, ; Virginia City, before June 1, when Inde- i
pendence Lake will be open to the public. -.
»j|ma No staging to get there, :
/-TSUI,/! no fog, mosquitoes cr !
ti-rf 11114 winds . when you are ■
- . " there. Table unsurpassed. '
-Ji; '■ m Rates '10, $12. $14 a week, I
l' ■■ ■ • Round trip titkets $7 W '
XflfifßfTC b Mitchell* Manager':
jjiriiigi ,iui^n^ en - AKent -
CARLSBAD I
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOI IN LAKE COUNTY I
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar- !
relous : cures ; when ■■ everything else i failed es-
pecially in cases of 1 STOMACH. LIVER KID- ''
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel:
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per we-k;
roads : excellent; good trout i fishing . and i deer
tiuntlnr on property. For particulars -/rite W.
R. McQOVERN. Carlsbad. Lake County.
HOWARD ™?a,? s p^T
V ?T i-m.mm.m-r LAKE COUNTY
. Accommodations unsurpassed. . .
Rates, $S $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
' Round ' trip, $10. Southern Pacific office, til
Market street. . ■ -
Address - . : MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
Jtf frOnn I VrY And • good treat-
ff TO UUUII LUCiV. ment go hand In
Pr ; Ifi hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
UfrtlAll I ITrV • ATld rood treat-
UUVII LUWB. ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN.
Lakeport. Cal.
■^&Es^ ■: A.H. SPURR, Proprietor.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen ; miles from. Cazadero," on stage line. :
Good . trout ; fishing, ;' plenty : fruit, cream , and
milk; free - conveyance ■- for ; parties ;of • two or
more; i grand ledwood - scenery. Address '} J.
L.UTTRINGER, Seavlew.. > Sonoma ■ County, ror
ipply, E. KRUSE, 207 Front at., S. FFt. t for par- 1
ticulars. - ■ • --?
aqua CAHENTE SPRINGS hotel,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via - rib-
iiron ! ferry. Warm I mineral swimming and tub j
baths. Hotel . completely remodeled and . refur- "
nished. Water, gas. -electric bells. Ilatea $10 to
(12 per week,* s2 per day. Address AQUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. \ Aqua ■ Caliente, Sonoma Co^
Cal. /-;;;?-.. ;■;•■'., ,;•: ..-.,-. ; --. - ;;-■■: -.■:, ;
HOTEL BENVENUE,
■ : -'' : f Lakeport, Cal. '-'.-'
Situated -on the s shore •- of \ Clear Lake; . fin*
large ■ grounds; ■- special z facilities .< for ' families
ind ' chlldreji; home | cooking, boating, . bathing,
Ashing; * rates r. reasonable. - 1 Addrew J TRJLNM '
SCALES and A. M. SCALES. . _ ___
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
Otto E. Never. Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT **"
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURH
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINGS,
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTETi AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For Information call or write W. M. COW-
ARD. 11 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
HIGEAI SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAB.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERA*
■ springs In America.; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new ewimming tank, baths and bowl-
Ins alley. First-class accommodations: rate*
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
San Francisco of floe, 218 Montgomery sUesfci
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS, CaL
THE geysers, h
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from Ban FraaelseSL
ONE OF NATURE'S WO>D£BB. \.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt. tltnU
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming JUUce. , Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table muwrpeeeii.
Terms. $10 and $15 per week: $1 ■£djW6Tp««
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo Rimy ■
2 hours from S. F., 40 minutes from S*at»
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights:
tennis, bowling:, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa On*
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $J.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop.. South Ben
Lomond.
BEN LOMOND.
Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms 17 per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON. Ben
Lomond, Cal. ■"
CALAVERAS_BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail.
way to Jamestown. " Fare S. F. to Calaveras
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent, 30 Montgomery street.
■ LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Reopened. New management. .; Beautifully
situated on Upper Blue Lake. Lake. Co., CaL
Leave S. F. 7 a. m., arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
Fishing, hunting,, boating and bathing. Supe-
rior table. Chlcl:?n dinners Sunday. Wednesday
and Friday. Ter. ««. $7 to $10 rer week.
W. 3. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. P.. Lake Co.. Cat.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD
In the Heart of the Santa . Crux Mountains.
Improved Table Service. . Reasonable Rate*,
For Particulars Apply to .
- . M. S. COX, Laurel Poatofßce.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH. ,
Natural attractions - without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and •
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butter, . milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at -depot. $7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE*
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room, 130 = ft. lake frontage :*~'ndwi
stable and livery; ; boating and bathing .'reel
$8 to $14 per week: round trip, $9 60. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. P.. Lake County. CaL
MONTE VISTA,
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. • Springs of
pure soft spring ; water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. • MORGAN. Monte Vista, Dutcfc
Flat. Placer County, Cal. ■: :
burlingameT
(San Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet.
Dally mall Telephone connections. '. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address GOUI*.
' DEN & . JACOBS. i Dormer, Placer Co., - Cal. ■
JOHANNISBERG.
- Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet.' ■: Relief for asthmatic*.
Fishing, boating, hunting and * swimming.
Terms $7 to $10. -Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG : RESORT. - Nap*. CaL
SUMMER HOME FARM.
■ Santa ■ Cruz Mountains, . first-class family re-
sort: cottages, tents, hunting - and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating : and swimming; lone
distance telephone; campers' return ticket!
12 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERB.
Glen wood. :- Cal.
SODA BAY RESORT. ~^
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; - table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME. Proprietors, Sod* Bay.
Kelseyville.v Lake County, Cal.
WRITE W. H. I MILLER. I 1 kiah.'- 'or livery ac- ;
commodations to springs In Lake and Meo-
docino counties .to . save j money.
TO ;; let— Pacific \ Grove; furnished cottage of •
I ■-.... rooms. A Inquire ■. at 1227. Turk st.
A WEEK'S :?, news for i 6; cents— The Weekly
I ■ Call.- in wrappers, for mailing. '•" . ;
•' : "f? ■"■'<■'•■■' : ' s -'",^ .;;..,■■.►: •".■%•-' -'.i" ■•■•:• • ■ •- -
,)^^^&h| Big <i is ». a in-peieonon*
*4sB%Pf!iTnT?^M remedy for Gonorrhcea.
At*?*^ CUJlEs^W*! (Jlwt, ripcrmainrrhcea,
Vfißf In 1 toJJarj.W 1 White*, unnatural ilia-
B*jK3! Qi»ranteed W charges, or any inflammj. ,
K**>fl Dot to itr'etore. tion. irritation or ulcera-M
: B™ jPreTcnu ccnueioa. '; tion '- of ;■, mucous mem- s
K«THEEvAN3Chevic»iRo. bran6B -
«^kCIHCINN»TI.O.ran' Sold b:r Dru *8 ri » «
t^HHsW^ir. s. a '3BK? 86nt in lain wrapper,
' J^^^B to press, prepaid, (or
tUtGBIBBUt^ZsPvL * 1 .-°°. or 3 bottles, |2.75.
T^9H9PV 9 Circular wat ob r*«ueft.FOREIGN COLD
FOR FARMERS
Remarkable Exports of
Bread stuffs.
THIS YEAR A RECORD BREAKER
REPORTS FROM THE BUREAU
OF STATISTICS.
Notwithstanding the War No Such
Advancement Has Been Shown,
in the History of the
Country.
WASHINGTON. June 12.— The farm
ers of the United States are drawing
upon other parts of the world for more
money in the fiscal year which ends
this month than in any preceding year
In the history of the country. Even the
high water mark of 1592, when our ex
ports of agricultural products amount
ed to 1799.328.252, will be surpassed by
the record of the year which closes
with this mon '1.
The preliminary reports of May ex
hortations which have reached the Bu-
reaii of Statistics make it quite appa
rent that the agricultural exports of
the year will be considerably in excess
of $800,000,000, the total for the year be
ing likely to reach $835,000,000. Never
before have the exports of agricultural
products reached the $800,000,000 line,
and never but twice have they been as
much as $700,000,000, the two occasions
being In 1881 and 1592. Compared with
the last fiscal year the Increase in ex
ports of agricultural products will be
fully $150,000,000, and compared with the
preceding ■■•ear, the increase will be
over $250,000,000, while the total will be
fully 50 per cent in excess of that of the
fiscal year of 1595.
In breadstuffs alone the exports of the
year will amount to nearly $1,000,000 for
each business day, and will be more
than $100,000,000 In excess of last year's
exports of breadstuffs. Nearly all ar
ticles classed as breadstuffs have par
ticipated In this Increase. Of wheat
the value of the exports of the fiscal
year 1898 will be more than double
those of the fiscal year 1597, while the
Increase In flour will be nearly 50 per
cent, and of corn nearly 50 per cent in
value. May exports of corn were larger
than those of any other month in the
history of the country, while the total
exports of corn for the year, for the
first time, will pass the 200,000,000 bushel
line, the total in only three preceding
years having reached 100,000,000 bushels.
Cornmeal, oats and oatmeal and rye
Bhow a striking increase, the gain In
oatmeal being more than 60 per cent
over last year, and that of oats 100 per
cent, wLile •- rye the gain is also
phenomenally large.
"Provisions" — in which term are In-
eluded beef, hog and dairy products —
also show a marked increase, the total
exports of provisions for the year being
likely to reach $160,000,000 in value.
Most of this increase, however, is in
hog- products— exportations of bacon,
which were $34,187,147 in value last year,
being likely to reach $44,000,000 this
year, and lard showing a similar in
crease, being likely to reach $37,000,000
this year, or a gain of nearly $8,000,000.
Live beef seemfl to be gaining in pop
ularity with our foreign customers, the
exports of beef cattle being Increased
materially, while those of beef, either
fresh, canned or salted, have failed to
show any increase — in most cases a de
cided falling off being noticeable.
The exports <>f beef cattle during the
first ten months of the fiscal year were
879,663, against 310,478 in the corre
sponding month of last year, while
f^-esh beef in the same period fell from
1!12. 1fi^.034 pounds in ten months of 1897
to 227,434,375 pounds in the correspond
ing ten months of 1S98; salted beef
shows a fall of 37 p^r cent for the year,
and canned beef from 46.349,006 pounds
In the ten months of 1897 to 34,011.129
pounds in the ten months of 1898.
PLENTY OF SHOOTING
AT SHELL MOUND.
MILITARY BOYS ARE MISSED
FINE RIFLES HOLD SWAY.
Fair Scores Were Made by Several of
the MarksmeD" — Weather Fine,
but the Light Was Bad.
It cannot be denied that Shell Mound |
rifle range doos not seem like the same ;
oLd^rangp since the citizen soldiers have
tone to the front. In the San Francisco :
chuetzen Vorein A. H. Pape and John
Peters rolled up good scores in the twen
ty-shot contests for club class medals. In |
the Gfrmania Sohuetzen Club F. P. j
Schuster and Louis Bendel went away
past the 400 mark in their respective i
classes. Tho Norddeutcht-r Verein shot |
for prizes and the attendance was good. I
The 200 and the 50 yard ranges used by
ioluxobia Pistol and Rifle Club were
kept hot all Cay, but for all that no par
ticularly brilliant scores were- turned out.
In the members' rifle medal match J.
E. Gorman demonstrated that he is one
of the coming marksman by making a
r>'f<>r<l of 45, Columbia tarpot, which
niPims thai his average was a 4.6-inch
ring. P. B. Mason, in fifty consecutive
phots, made better than a six-inch aver
age. On the pistol range no very brilliant
performance markr-1 the day, although
some of the younger members an» work-
Ing to th" front ranks. One of these is J.
<P. Cosgrave. who bids fair to become one
of the best shot? in the State before very
long. The scores of the day were as fol
lows:
Columbia Pistol and nine Club, pistol cham-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
;• '. '. 22 22 '. 22 22 82 22 25 22 22 '. 22 82 22 22 •;•. 83 88 82 82 83 82 82 82 82 82 '. 88 88 88 82 82 83
I You Can Be Strong Again, 1
'•* • % " ■ ■ 88
*; . *o
53 >«F^^^^ik Don't give up because drugs •*
% oiM^Sk have failed to help you re «
J8 M^^ ■ :^^ | »- gain your natural vigor, gg
" 5 }Wr i\i rr 3 ** There are thousands of men 85 ;
85 QW ."^^'fl^ who have been cured by Dr. *
k v (\ I Sanden's Electric Belt after §
8S \ Jdfo.l the failure of drugs. 23
I Jh*^L "ELECTRICITY IS LIFE." |
8 ■ '/~"~^^l\^ \a\ \\ * s *be source of all 28
88 ( I /AWt^^ SV^N^: strength. -It will * restore the 88
S* { /I /. ) i lost energy, make the nerves !?
S strong and remove all aches and pafns. Try it. Ask for gj
8S Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men," free, with full iBB
88 information. j ■ *j j
■ DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not in drug stores. * §
c, 702 Market Street, Corner Geary," Btn Franelioo. . .-. .-. -./■■ -■ ■«
if Office hours; BA.M.to 8 P. r M. : Sundays. . ' Dr. Sanden's r Electric Belt  *°
•3 10 to L Branches at Lob Anfeles, Cal., 204^4 : Is never sold In drug stores •»
2 fo°n U^trfJtTiTen^rf^^g&S^TS^ nor by traveling amenta. : 8
88 Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street. f ■;,'_  •-:♦.. . ... ......,. : .v,.: ...,-. ...... *; 88
83 83 83 83 82 88 83 88 82 S3 88 88 28*88 88 88 88 8888 83 88 88 88 88 88 S3 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 8888 1
pion class, medals for members only, 50 yards,
10 shots— C. M. Dales, 49; F. O. Young, 56; J.
E. Gorman, 59; M. J. White, 75.
First class— F. E. Mason, 60; Q. M. Burley,
75; D. M. McLaughlln. 76.
Second class— Mrs. M. J. White. 73.
Third class— J. P. Cosgrave, 66; B. P. Jones,
«4; Mrs. G. Mannell, 104.
Siebe pistol medal, 10 shots, open to all
comers— F. O. Young, 4*. 60, 61, 64, 56; J. P.
Cosgrare, 57. 66; J. E. Gorman, 41, 4S, 61.
Revolver, Colt's Bisley trophy— F. O. Young,
68, 68, 75, 82; A. B. Darrell. 85: C. Roberts, 91.
22 and 25-callber rifle. 60 yards, Roos trophy
for ladies— Mrs. E. P. Jacobson, 29; Mrs. Q.
Mannell, 45.
Rifle, 200 yards 10 shots, champion class—
A. 11. Pape. 60; D. W. McLaughlln, 63; F. O.
Young. 6?; F. E. Mason, 71; E. Jacobson, 79.
First class— O. A. Bremer, 63; A. B. Dorrell,
71; J. E. Gorman, 86.
Second class— M. J. White, 103; G. M. Burley,
119.
Third class— G. Mannell, 89; E. Woenne, 97;
B. Jonas. 107; Mrs. M. J. White, 184.
Members' rifle medal, 10 shot*, re-entry— J.
E. Gorman, 46; A. B. Dorrell, 62; O. A. Bremer,
69.
All-comers' rifle medal, 10 shots, re-entry—
D. W. McLaughlln, 45: F. E. Mason, 61. 67;
F. O. Young, 81.
Bushnell military rifle medal, 10 shots, ro
entry, Creedmoor count — E. Jacobson, 47, 47, 46.
San Francisco Sehuetsen Verein medal, 20
shots. German 2,'i-rinK target, champion class—
A H Pape, 430 rings; fln<t class, John Peters,
411- second class, J. D. Heise, 376; third class,
\ugust Jungblut. 410; fourth class, H. F. Lll
kendey, 376; best first shot, L. Haake; best
last shot, R. Stettin.
Gertnania P.-huetzen Club, 20 shots, German
25 ring target, first champion class— F. P.
Schuster 432 rings; second champion class, L.
Bend'el. 414; first claßß. J. Peters. 394; second
olasa J. D. Helse. 395: third class. William
Goetie, 374: best first shot, L. Bendel, 23; best
last shot, F. Schuster. 25.
Norddeutscher Verein, club prize shoot, 8
shot, German 25 ring target— F. P. Schuster,
C 5; Henry Burfeind. 6. r >: W. Gltndemann, 66: L.
' Thierbach, 64; V. yon d?r Mehden, 63; L. N.
i Rltzau 60; \V. F. Garms, SS; F. C. Rust, 68;
J de Wit, 69; H. Thode, 58; G. yon der Meh
den 57: -T- Oefken, 56; Louis Slchs. SC; O.
Lenike. 56: John Petens. 54; E. F. Baruth, 54:
H Stelling, 53; F. Koch. 53; George Pain, 53;
L. Brune, 0; P. Salfleld, 52; O. Schinkel, SO;
, a. Hagedorn, 50.
! Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot, 10
RACING AT LONG BRIDGE,
Start of the Big Four-Oar Barge Contest.
shots. Blunt target — C. Andrews, 46; E. P.
Jarobeon, 44; 3. Btaude, 40; J. H. Kuhlke, 39;
C. H. Karnberk, 31»; C. Snyder. 37; G. W.
Mitchell, 38; J. A. Stang, 36; C. Gilberson, 32;
P. Sfhonlg, 32; F. H. Frank, 19; J. Helnbockel,
12; J. Donovan, S.
Companies C and G, 10 shots, Blunt target—
L, W. Grant, 44; C. Mpyer, 44; Thomas Mc-
Gilvray, 41; V. F. Northrup, 41; H Musgrave,
40; A. H. Kennedy, 39; Grant, 34; J.
Asch. SO; Q. Atkins, 11; A. Ruddock, 37; W.
Fonda. 36; A. Martin. 3S; J. Flynn. 2S.
A Soldier Bobbed.
T. McCann, a private in Company F,
Eighteenth Infantry, complained to the
police early yesterday morning that tie
had been robbed by a woman of $35 and
he wanted her arrested. He met her on
Mission street and visited some salocn3
with her, and after she left him to go
with another man who had joined them
he found that the money had been taken
from his pocket. The woman has not yet
been arrested and McCann has small
chance of recovering his money.
•m• ' ■ •
Hit With a Beer Glass.
J. W. Marshall, a soldier, was arrested
early yesterday morning en a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. Marshall
was drinking in Petlick's saloon. Sixth
and Howard streets, and got into a dis
pute with Fred Jaquith, the bartender.
In Ms anger lie threw a beer glass at
.Tanuith which struck him on the head.
Inflicting a Blight wound which was
treated at the Receiving Hospital.
■ » ■
Fire Destroys a Residence.
SAN JOSE, June 12.— The dwelling of
Professor C. W. Childs on the Almaden
rond was totally destroyed by fire this
morning. Loss $8000, partially insured.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1898.
OARSMEN AND
SCULLERS MEET
Ariel Rowers Hold Their
Club Regatta.
SOUTH ENDS ENTERTAIN
LOVERS OF AQUATIC SPORT AT
LONG BRIDGE.
The German Four Defeats the
Senior Barge Crew Through a
Mishap to the
Latter.
The lovely morning yesterday attracted
a large crowd of visitors to Long Bridge
to witness the regatta of the Ariel Row-
Ing Club. The immediate purpose of the
regatta was to test the crews and single
scullers, with a view to deciding who
shall be the club representatives at the
El Campo regatta on June 26 and July 17.
Additional interest was lnparted to the
regatta by the fact that it io not Im
probably the last Important aquatic event
that will be held off Long Bridge, which,
like many another old landmark of the
city, is said to be doomed to early de
struction. The Pioneer and Ariel rowing
clubs, which have their boathouses on the
bridge, were crowded with oarsmen,
visitors and friends. The club kept open
house for all the oarsmen on the bay. The
course was from a line drawn from the
bridge and in front of the South End boat
house to about half a mile toward the
Union Iron Works, round a buoy and re
turn. The water was very smooth and
favorable to fast time.
Among the visitors were the Alameda
barge crew, consisting of F. W. Ayers, E.
B. Hadcock, W. Q. Hansen, Captain At
well Webb and H. C. Mayhew, and the
Dolphin sijf-oared barge, In which were
W. O. Patch, J. Keenan, T. Keenan, J.
Laib and T. Kennedy. J. R. Bookman of
the Ariel Rowing Club was marshal of
the course. After the races were over the
oarsmen repaired to the South End boat
house, where music and light refresh
ments whited away the afternoon. The
members of the South End Rowing Club
were out in force, and welcomed their
many friends in the new handball court
and in the large room upstairs. W. Mur
phy acted as master of ceremonies. A
summary of the results follows:
1. Junior skiff race — E. Sternberg vs. C
McAuliffe. E. Sternberg won in 10 mm.
3G 2-5 sec.
2. Junior barge race — The crew made up
of E. Chappelle. stroke; A. Carroll, after
waist; P. Wilson, forward waist; and A.
Carroll, bow, beat the crew made up of
E. Lynch, stroke; F. Loth, nfterwaist; A.
Haughton, forwardwaist, and E. Mc-
Donough, bow. Time, 7 mln. 53-4-5 sec.
The losing crew rowed a faster stroke
than the winners, but were not so well
together and grew somewhat wild at the
finish.
3. Senior skiff race— F. Wilson vs. R.
Ellis. F. Wilson got the best of the start,
and pulling well within himself won com
fortaoly by one and a half lengths. Time,
9 mm. 23 sec.
4. Match barge race between the senior
Ariel crew and the 'German" crf>w.
The "German" crew is composed of
members of the Turn Verein, strong, ath
letic men who have practiced regularly
together, and though only juniors in
standing are formidable opponents. Short
ly after rounding the buoy for the return
home, W. Howe of the senior crew was
seen to be holding his oar in his hands
and merely setting the time to his crew
wich his body, his oarlock had become
useless. Yet the senior crew, though it
rowed home with only three oars, was
beaten by the "German" crew by not
more than one and a half lengths. The
seniors would certainly have won had no
accident befallen them.
„. Old-timers." single sculls— H. Wittkopf
defeated the veteran William Growney,
who humorously pretended to be much
chagrined at his defeat.
Had a Good Time.
The twenty-fourth annual picnic and
summer festival of the Norddeutscher
Vereln was held yesterday at Shell Mound
Park and the attendance was larger than
the management expected. All had a
Bplendld time dancing, Indulging .In
games and drawing prizes at the wheel
of fortune, etc. The affair was under the
charge of the following committees: Ar
rangements—Edward Stehn, C. B. Abra
ham, Otto Schinkel, Hennlng Thode, C. J.
Schrooder. Floor manager — August F.
Meyer; assistant floor manager, J. Schlee
man. Floor Committee— William Muel
ler, Otto Yon Borstel, Fred Gooss, Otto
Schinkel Jr., Henry Behlmer. Raffle
committee— John Soehl, Claus Glese, D.
Marschendorf, Henry Meyer. Vogel
stechen committee — Ferdinand Rathjen,
William Morken.
CALIFORNIA DIVISION
OF DEMOCRATIC CLUBS.
State Headquarters to Be Located in
Los Angeles and San Fran
cisco.
LOS ANGELES, June 13.— An important
step was to-day taken in the work of or
ganizing the California division of the
National Association of Democratic
Clubs. State Organizer Moye-G. Norton
announced the selection for Btate treas
urer and State secretary. D. H. Arnold
of Colusa will be treasurer for the Cali
fornia division. E. N. Rector, an at
torney of Merced, will be the State sec-
retary.
The announcement is made that In ad
dition to county and Congressional head
quarters for the California division there
will be two State headquarters, one at
Los Angeles in charge of Norton and the
other in San Francisco in charge of an
assistant State organizer. The latter has
not yet beon decided upon, and Norton
says" the appointment will not be made
until some one satisfactory to all the con
tending factions of the San Francisco
Democracy can be found.
SHOOTING AFFRAY IN
MENDOCINO COUNTY
Patrick Bowles Kills His Brother-in-
Law and Fatally Wounds An
other Man.
UKIAH, June 12.— A shooting affray oc
curred near Oomptehe, tb »-ty-flve miles
west of this city, this morning at 2
o"clock. Patrick Bowles killed hia
brother-in-law, named Payne, and fatally
wounded a man named Sklfflngton, who
came to Payne's assistance. The row
started over domestic difficulties. Bowles
has fled* to the redwoods and officers are
in pursuit.
THE EMPIRE STATE
OPENS ITS VAULTS
About to Make an Additional Appro-
priation of Two Million Dollars
for War Purposes.
NEW YORK, June 12.— 1t is believed by
State officials that the rxtra session of the
Legislature, to meet, will make an
additional appropriation of $2,000,000 for
war purposes. This will make the State's
appropriations for war $3,000,000.
KESWICK STRIKE ENDS.
Mountain Copper Company's Men Re-
turn to Their Posts.
KESWICK, June 12.— The strike of the
roaster gang at the Mountain Copper
Company"s smelters was declared off to
day and the Deputy Sheriffs guarding the
works returned to .Redding. The strike
was fruitless. The wages are not raised,
but the men are allowed to return to work
without objection. The smelters did not
close, as enough strikers were willing to
return to keep them going.
Boca Elected President.
BUENOS AYRES, Argentina, June 12.—
The elctors to-day elected Lieutenant
General Julio A. Roca President of the
republic and R. Norberto Querno Costa,
former Minister of Foreign Affairs, Vice-
President. The outgoing President, Senor
Uriburu, was elected on the resignation
of Dr. Saenz Pena on January 22, 1895.
The term of office is six years. Lieuten
ant General Roca. was President from 1880
to ISBG.
Nevada Cavalry Coming.
CHEYENNE, Wye.June 12.—Eighty
five men constituting an Independent
troop of Nevada Volunteer Cavalry,
under Captain Linecott, left he.re to
night for San Francisco. It will reach
that city Tuesday evening.
Death of Banker Cook
KIRKVILLE, Mo., June 12.— Henry C.
Cook, a well-known Kansas banker, died
at the infirmary here to-day. The de
ceased was an old soldier, and his son,
Allan, is now serving as assistant engi
neer on the battle-ship New York.
San .Rafael Wins Another.
SAN RAFAEL, Juno 12.— The J. J.
O'Briens of San Francisco went up
against the redoubtable San Rafael base
bull team to-day at the new grounds near
the broad gauge depot. The homo team
triumphed ; score, 23 to 5.
ALAMEDA BATSMEN
DEFEAT PACIFICS
The Winners Score an Easy Victory
in the Second Match of the
Season.
The match begun on Sunday, June 5, on
the Webster street ground, Alameda, be
tween the Pacific and Alameda Cricket
clubs was continued yesterday In the
presence of a considerable number of vis
itors. The first three wickets of the Ala
meda team had fallen on the first day's
play for 71 runs. Yesterday the remain
ing seven batsmen raised the score to 169
runs. The Pacifies then went to the
wickets, and were all out for 79 runs. The
Alamedas having made one more run
than the Pacifies in their first innings, had
79 runs to make to win. This score they
easily compiled with the loss of three
wickets. The score is appended:
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings.
R. B. Hog^ie, c. Dickinson, b. Sewell 9
I. H. Splro, c. Wallace, b. Sewell 15
H. Bird, b. Wallace 3
F. Croll, c. Sewell, b. Harbour 47
G. Croll, c. G. Theobald, b. Dickinson 19
J. J. Mnriarlty, c. J. Theobald, b. Casldy.... 29
G. B. Wise, o. Harbour, b. Casldy 25
A. Price (not out) 11
J. J. R. Peel, b. Casidy 5
J. H. Saunders, c. subs., b. Sewell 0
F. C. Driffleld, b. Caaldy 0
Leg byes 2
Byes 4
Total 169
One wicket fell for 22 rune; 2 for 27; S for 33:
4 for 77; 5 for 118: 6 for 137; 7 for 159; 8 for 16S;
9 for 169; 10 for 169.
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Bowler. B. R. M. W. AR.
Dickinson 120 39 4 1 89
CasMy 89 36 3 4 12
Sewell 90 43 1 3 14
Wallace 42 19 1 1 19
Harbour 42 25 .« 1 23
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
First Innings.
H. C. Caaldy, b. Driffleld 10
W. McCrae, b. Peel 10
A. Dickinson, c. Wise, b. Croll 3»
Fane Sewell, b. Peel 0
A. McLean (run dut) 4
G. Theobald, b. Driffleld :.... 9
J. Theobald, b. Croll 3
E. F. Mußson (not out) .- 0
J. H. Harbour, b. Driffleld 0
T. W. G. Wallace, b. Driffield 0
Byes 7
Total 79
Total first Innings IGS
Total both Innings 247
One wicket fell for 19 runs; 2 for 39; 3 for 40;
4 for 65; 5 for 65; 6 for 65; 7 for 69; 8 for 79;
9 for 79; 10 for 79.
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Bowler. B. R. M. W. AR.
J. J. R. Pee 1..... 54 33 2 2 27
A. Price 24 IS 1 0
F. C. Driffleld 4S 14 3 4 3.5
Croll 19 7 1 2 3.5
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
Second Innings.
R. B. Hogue, b. Casldy 3
H. Bird. b. Dickinson 20
J. J. Moriarty (not out) 23
F. Croll, b. Harbour 11
G. Croll (not out) IS
G. B. Wise, I. H. Bpiro, A. Price, J. J. R.
Peel, J. H. Saunders, F. C. Driffleld,
did not bat
Wide balls 2
Leg Byes 1
Total 80
Total for first innings 169
Total both Innings 249
Alameda thus won by two runs, with seven
wickets to fall.
One wickft fell for 6 runs; 2 for 25 ;3 for 50.
BOWLING ANALYSIS.
Bowler. W. B. R. M. W. AR.
Dickinson 1 86 24 1 1 24
Casldy 1 18 14 1 1 14
Harbour 0 36 17 .. 1 17
Sewell 0 42 20
Wallace 0 2 2 ......
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO,, June 12, 5 p. m.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
in California:
Eureka, 60: Sacramento, 78; Fresno, 88; In
dependence, 84; San Diego. 66; Red Bluff, 82;
! San Francisco. 62; Ban Luis Obispo, 70; Los
Angeles. 72; Yuma, 94.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 51; mean, 66.
An area of low pressure overlies the Pacific
Slope. The pressure has fallen slowly during
the past twenty-four hours over the coast
from Eureka northward. There has been a
rise over Eastern Washington, Eastern Ore
gon and Idaho.
The temperature has remained stationary
over the entire country west of the Rocky
; Mountains. Throughout California the tem
\ peratures are more nearly normal than they
j have beon for some time.
A thunderstorm is reported at Idaho Falls.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
| hours, ending midnight, June 13, 1898:
Northern California— Fair Monday; souther
ly changing to frosh westerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Monday,
ftah — Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francißco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
southerly changing to southwesterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind, southwest, 36 miles;
temperature, 64; maximum, 58.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
"*»» CAIX CALENDAR.
June, 189 S.
Moon's Phases.
i
IS
©Pun Mooa.
Jane 1
7
IS
"a*
ifr Last Quarter,
*& June JO.
xrx New Mooa,
V 5/ * June 18.
28
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street rvharf) about
twenty-five minutes Inter than at Port Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
JUNE— ISSM.
Monday,' Juno 13.
Sun rises 4:47
Sim sets. .........7:33
Moon ri5e5 ..:........... ... . . . .;.....".. . . .. 0:52 a. m.
|l w
Feet V™.
H \V
Feet 225
Fact
14
i.ii
2:24!
iiit!
3. it!
4:11
A:ll
.81 7:0."
2| 9:02
.8 i 10:06 i •
.8 11:01
J 11 : f 0 .
.4 12:33
».'.' 12
S.H 1
4.0 .2
4.11 3
4 3 8
4.3[ 4
2.S 7:27
2 6 8:17
2.y 8:45.
3.1! »:2U
3.21 9:64
8.-4 1 10:23
1 1
f-.H
67
d.S
68
6.7
57
NOTF3.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day In the order of occurrence as -o time. The
second time column jives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column ,'lyes the
lapt tide of the day, except when there are but
when a minus sign (— ) precedes th« height,
given are additions to the sounding's on the
United States Coast Snrvey charts, except
when a mlnu sign (— ) precedea the height}),
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts, i'he plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
ITKAMKKS TO AHUtVB.
Kinpire. ..._....
Curacao.......'.
Indiana,:.'... ...
M1ne01a.........
Pomona
ChllKat.
Burma
Stato ot Cai
Crescent City.-
Mackinaw
Homer
Umatilia
Coos Bay--. Jne 13
Mexico .-...;.......... Jne U
Seattle Jno 13
Comox Jne i::
San Dlesro ...... ...... |Jne 14
Eel River............. Jne 14
Nanaimo. , .- Jno 14
P0rt1and......... Jne ,15
Crescent Cltv Jne la
Tacoma... Jno li
Newcort..... ~. Jne .lfi
Victoria St. Pujrot Sad....'. I Jno M
Coos 8.iv . ......... ......... I Jne 1C
Humooldt.. i Jne 17
Tacoma.... ... Jne IT
Comox Jne 17
P0rtiana......... ..:. Jne IS
«.inDle«ro... Jne li*
.Panama...... Jne 18
Panama.......... ....:;...- Jne 18
Uumooidt ..*.:. •-........ Jne l.<
Arenta ........
Orizaba -■■
VVashtenaw.:...
8ri5t01.;...;-:..
Oregon ;.'.*...■...
Santa Rosa. ...
San Jnan. ...>. i
Newport;......'
Kortn Forte.....
6TEAMUIIS TO SAUL.
Ftkamer. i
ATIOXi
iIM.
(mm Bar..'!
ulton
"nmOoldt..
rall.-v Wlla
;oana i
oinona
Korll
)a.. ..
i!r.:i. .
land..
I Oregon Ports
A1a5ka.. ......
Vie & Vet Sncl
Sydney
(San Dteso...
1U t ...
1dt....
ia
it
rune IS. AM
rune 13. 10 am
rune 14.10 am
rune 14. ......
tune 14. 9 am!
rune 14. 10 AM
rune 14. 1 6pm
rune is. lt> am
rune 16. 2PM
rune 16. 11 am
uneK X am
rune IT. in am
Unel-. 9 am 1
"une 18. 10 AM
unel". 1 PM
r uno 18. 4 Pit
une'.'U. 10 am
une 20. 10 am
une VO. Yt M
P\er -i
Pier 9
Pier 12
1......;.
Pier il
Pier 8
Pier 8
Pier ; «
Pier 7.
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier M
Pt*r 11
Pier 9
PM 93
Pier it
I Pier 13
rlertaj
IPM S3
hultat ....
nun of Cal
I Humboldt
Portland
lomer
Newport
nracao ...
Moxlco
ehric
rcaui. ...
retron
' Coos Bar -
Portland.. .r.V
Vie & Pgrt Sno
Panama
in at ilia. .
an Juan . •
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to rationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete -ets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on ham!
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The tlmtball on top of the building on j.ele
tfraph HIU Is hoisted about ten minutes bafore
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th r-.erldlan,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any, Is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the mornlnp- papers the ie. lowing day.
p. P. WELCH. Ensign. U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, June 12.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 98 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Shea, 20 hours from Santa Cruz
and way j.orts.
Stmr Oleone, Hlggins, 14 hours from Albion i
via Point Arena.
Br Btmr Wellington, Salmond, S9 hours from
Comox.
Schr Bessie X, Adler. 22 hours from New
Haven. Oakland direct.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bodega. j
Schr Chas E Fallc, Anderson, a days from
Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
Sunday, June 12.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego, etc. i
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Tillamook, Doran, St Michael via Se- I
attle.
Stmr Rideout, Dunham, St Michael via Port
Townpenrl. in tow of stmr Tillamook.
Tug- Rescue, Thompson, Astoria, with stmr
James Eva in tow.
Bark Topgallant, Lunvaldt, Puget Sound.
Schr Parkersburg-, Jorgensen,. Coquille River.
Schr Coquelle, Pearson, Coquille River.
Schr Enterprise, Ingwerdsen, Grays Harbor. I
Schr Lily, Bottger. I'mpqua. ''
Schr Reliance, Hansen.
Schr Eva. Rameslius, Tacoma.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Austin.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— June 12, 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind W; velocity 20 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed June 11— Stmr Charles
Nelson, hence June 7 for Seattle.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed June 11— Br bark
Dominion, for Sydney.
TACOMA— Sailed June 11— Bktn Mary Win
kleman, for Oahn.
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 12— Br bark Loudon
Hill, for Queenstown; Br *tmr Argyle, for
Yokohama.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 12— Stmr Chas Nel
son, hence June 7.
Sailed June 12— Stmr Laurada.for St Michael.
TATOOSH— Passed June 12— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence June 10 for Victoria; Btmr
Washtenaw, hence June 9 for Tacoma; bktn |
Skagit. from Port Ludlow, for San Pedro.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 12— Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr La Bretagne, fm
Havre.
QI-RENSTOWN— SaiIed June 12— Stmr Ches
ter, from Southampton for New York; stmr
TJmhrla, from Liverpool for New "i ork.
BROWHEAD— Passed June 12— Stmr Sylva
nia, from Boston for Liverpool.
HAVRE— Arrived June 12— Etmr La Bour
gOßTie, from New York.
; /^\Dr, Gibbon's Dispensary,
ImJ| 625 K£AB XT ST. Established
63nf"^«yft in I* 3 * for the treatment of Private
j MjAOT Dise».sps, Lost ilu:ih<><id. Debility or
DnHgH dlseuHnweuringoii bod vand mindaiid
i'MMH Skin Diseases. 'l'he doctorcures when
JNHBG^ others fail. Try him. Charges low.
i?iißli| (nreasiiarantrrd. Callorwrite.
! Dr. J. I. oiIJKOX, Box. 1957, San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
hfc. ""••■ . Steamers leave Broadway
rgk • wharf, San Francisco.
1 KBRSISbbK For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 raPS3BSb^ June 5 - 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, July 6,
H K&. Ifinßk^ transfer at Seattle.
■ jmakTP _J»1 I: ' or Alaskan ports (from
1 Ejauk^grAjSl Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
l^^^^BHHß Juna 5, 26, July 17, AugTjst 4.
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m., June 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, July 5, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. j
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver I
with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
June 1, 7, 13, 19, 25, July 1, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Caynros, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
■Newport, 9 a. m., June 2,, 6, 10. 14, 18, 22, 26, 30,
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los ' Angeles), 11 '
a. m., June 4. 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.), 10 a. m., June 17,
July 2.
For further information obtain ' folder. . .
The company : reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arM furors of sallfner.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street- (Palace Hotel). •■■■ " ■;
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts., '---■
•V;,* ( 10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3I 3 O L, -A. 2>T D
. From Fol3om-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARE 12 First Class Including Berth
innl. ,<SB Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia' Jane 5, 14, 23
Slate of California... .' June 8, 17. 28
I Oregon ...........June 11, 20. 29
St. Paul ...$l6 00|St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 00 Chicago 27 50 '
Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st. .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
salls vla Honolulu and
laMn&*fb * Auckland for Sydney
ifj-O^S;- ®B — »>. Wednesday, June 15,
fHSPfllflif at 2 p. m. a MOANA
2mJdlVlL sal!s vla Honolulu and
i fc """^Auckland for Sydney
tj .^ — *_ Wednesday, June IS,
ML#J#^tr'/i!TlSninJ The -"ailing for Hono-
s&3gW<sW" M lulu un 29 is can-
eSC^T (Oi[ipO|Mr' ce lne to COOLGAR-
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN, South
Africa. • .
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
■ . ■; ' -'■-• ' 114 Montgomery st. ;
Freight office — 327 Market St., ■ San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantics.
- French Line to Havre.
* - Company's -Pier (new), 42 North ' -jj-c^
! River, foot of Morton st. ' Travelers <40[j£K£\
! by this line avoid both transit by«**B«&
: English railway and the discomfort of crossing
| the channel in a small boat. New York Ito
! Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, flrst-class, $180;
I second-class, $118. -
LA GASCOGNE ............June 18, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE .June 25. 10 a. m.
I.A BOURGOGNE July 2. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE .......July 9. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE. ........July 16, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to -
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, ■ -
- No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. .....-■■
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mall Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— of Rome. ■ $60:
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin— Rome, $42 50: Fur. essla, $37 50;
other steamers, .. $35..- , . :■
Steerage — Rome, $25 50: Furnessla, ;
$24 GO; other steamers, $23 50. • , :
For Book of Tours and Information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents 7
Bowling Green, -: Nev York; or J. -.• FUGAZI,
6 : Montgomery st.; or -L. F. COCIIFOFT. t 114
Montgomery st. ; or . R. R. = RITCHIE, 2 New
Montgomery 8t.. : San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
: ; ■' f - " Steamer '.'Mo n ticello. "
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at.......... : ;
'-■: 9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m.-<S:3O -p. •m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ........1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays .'......■.:. :::.. 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. at
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier S.
. . Xelephone Red ■ 2241. ■;,.. j .-.-■:■■
;-....;; RAILROAD i TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^
' ■-.'■ Via' Sausalito Ferry. ;
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, IS3B.
:. WEEK DAYS. :. '
For Mill • Valley ; and San Rafael— 7:oo, »8:00,
•9:30, 11:00 a, m.; »1:43. 3:20, 4:08. 5:15, »6:00,
6:30 p. in ' • '~*lBr^BlM'^lfiiten n * ll| W >l tEt> Wl^ > *lnT' > y | flliii;
= Extra ■ trips for San Rafael on : Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m.
- ■-•!■..' SUNDAY'S. . <
For Mill Valley and . San Kafael— 'B:oo, *9 :00.
•10:00, 11:00, ,11:30 a. m.; .1:00, *1:45, *2:30.. MiOO,
6:30, 6:45 p. m. ' ■
11:00 a. m. does not run 'to San RafaeL
• 6:30 p. m. does not run, to Mill Valley.
■ Trains marked • run ' to San Quentln.
:?>* ■ ~ V: THROUGH TRAINS. -.' - v
7:00 a. m. week- days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
20 p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. ' m. . week days ; (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
■-•■ way stations. <;-:■■■-•■■■"■-■■■■: - ■'.'■ : •/■■'"■ v.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
■::-, ■'. • . (Via SauBalito;Ferry.> : - '
Leavs ■ San ■ Francisco, . commencing *-. May ;■ 1.
1898: *-'^v -,-'.> ■■-:■:: -.: ..;.;- . - .' - - ' ■..-; ■-• ■■:■;-.
Week Days— 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:13 p. m.
Sundays— S:oo. 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
i 1:30 p.;m.-.,,,, ..-v;- ' , .. »■ ■ : ,: \- . ., ..
Round trip from Mill Valley, "%L\ - .
VHOB. COOK • & SON, Agents. 621 : Mariet
I ftreet, San Francisco.' -,'■ • •• -rj
AUCTION SALES,
THE elegant fixtures of the newly fitted drug
store, iii'O 'Webster st., near Santa Clara,
Alamrda, Tuesday, June 14, at 11 a. m.,
comprising in part 7 elegant nickel show
cases, 400 labeled bottles, 4 counters and
Eiitlvins:, Pnished white and gold, 4 window
show globes, linoleum, etc., will be sold as
a whole or in lots to suit. J. A. MUXRO,
Auctioneer. ISI7 and 1."l0 Park St.. Alameda.
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
SOI Till l:\ I»A«:IFJIV (OJIFASiI.
(PACIFIC SVS'VBM.)
i Trains lenve «n<l »rt» «lv« *• nrrl»« •*
HAN fr-UANCIMt'O.
| (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leavk _— From Jukb 1. 1898. — ARBIVB
•6:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... •Bj4sa.
?:OOa Benioia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 1O:«A
7:«Oa Marjsville, OrovlUe Redding *ia _
'Woodlatid 2..
7i»oa Vaoaville »nd Eurosey »:43p
7i3Oa Martinez, San Ilamon, Vallejo. Naps,
falWtogaandSauta R05a.;....... ! ! .2 r
SiOOa Atlantic Kxpreiw, Ogilcii and Kast.. »:*i»P
M:.'lOa NBm (hut .lose. Stockhin, lone,
Sacramento, MiiryßTillo, Chico,
Tehaiua aud Ue.l ISl.ift Jt'l2 p
•Bi3OA Peters, Milton, Oakdale •7:I»P
j DiOOa New Ur leans M»iirutw. Mt«rced, Fres- '
no, IJakersllolil. Snntit l!»r)i*ra,
Jos Ancelws DeininK, Xl I'asn,
New nilmni and Emit.... ''I,'
IO:OOa Vall.-jo, Martinez and Way Stations ' s *»*
*l:OOp Sacramento liiver Bteutu«ni.... !" : V. P
....... San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... I»A
2:00p Lirermore, Mordota, Hanford and _ _
VisahV... ............... «... •*'!*'
LiTonnore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations.... *!S : !2*
Fresno, Yosemite, Meroed, Martinez 12:13*
•liOOp Martinez, Han Uamon, V ill If jo,
N»i>a. Ciillstog*, HI Veraiio and
biiiitu li.ma °' 10 *
4:00 p Benlcia, VacaTille. Woodland,
Knight* Landing, Maryaville, Oro-
- »illo mid Hucrttineiito 1O:«»A
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7il»P
4:30p Stockton, r^Kli, Oakdale (.Isaies- '•■'••
town for Yosemlt«), Mer0ed.. . ... . 1»II»F
4i3op Latlirop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
. (Raymond for Yofemlte), Fresno,
Mojave, Bauta Darbora and IjOS
. Ani!el.-H 7i«»*
4iKOp Santa. K« Jtonte. Atlantlo Kxpress
for Mojuve and Ka5t.............. «:4»P
6z»OpKiiropeaiiMall,Ogden and Kast.... ® l 43 A
•«:OOr Vallejo.... :................ 1»:I5P
6iO«p Hajrwanlii. Nllbs and ban .Tone 7>43a .
J7:oop Vallelo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions t»:4»*
SiOOp Oregon Kxi>i'«-KS,Hiivrnineiiti), Marys-
villo. Iteil.li.iK. I'ortluii.l, l'nget
.- Minimi ;tinl Kill* Bii»*.
' SAN LKAMiKO AMI IIAYVVAICIIS I,O€AI<.
(Foot of Market Street.)
" 1 Melrwe, .Seminar/ Park, f .J I**1 '**
iS'ima San l^andro. South Si. it tst
112:00 m ' Lorenso, Cherry • ( i:43p
i»:OOp J.i.-? »nd J«:4sp
,-):<Mip Ilajnardn. |Si43p
7:0 Op i Runs through to Niles. Ti4SP
) t From Niles. I
' COAST DIVISION (Narrow «ange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7i43a Saota Cruz Kzcurtiion, SanU CrM ■ • .
and Principal Way Stations !■»•«»
Newark, Ceuterville, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5i8«»
■3ilsp Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »1»:5«a
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood k Way Stations 9:S«A.
«4:15p Bonldtr Creek and Santa Ornt j9i*OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIX FRIHCISOO— F«t of Hirkit Strut (Slip I)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. {1:00 *2:00 t3:M
•4:00 . t5:00 •6:00 p.m.
rrsmOilUND— Foat »f Broidwiy.— "B:oo 8:00 I0:00*.M.
112:00 *1:CO t2:00 *3:00 ti:00 # 8:00 p.m.
I COAST VISION (Broad Ua»ge).
(Third and To\yngand StB.) '
: " »7«OOa Han Jose ami Way Stiitions (New "
Almade»i Wednesdays only) liSOr
I {7:30 a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa Cruz, Paeifio Grove and
Principal Way Stations tSsMv
•:00a Han .Tone, I'ros rinos, Santa Crux,
Pacific drove, Paso Roblea, San
Lull Oliisiio, uuadalupe. Surf anil
.'Principal Way Stations 4il»p
10140 a Han .lose and Way 5tati0n5......... ««:OOa
.11i3Oa San Jose and Way Stations ....... *Ss33a
*8:43p Ban Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lime,
Gilroy, H-illidter, Santa Cruz,
'. Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
• Oro»e ;.. MO:8«a
•1:30 Ban Jose and Way 5tati0n5.... ...... # 9:»0a
: •4:13p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations »:4»A
; •S:OOpSanJose and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
5:30p SanJnse ami Principal Way Stations . siS»p
0::tOt> San Jose and Way Stations v 7:8«*
t11;45p Ban Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7:30r
A for Morning. . V for Afternoon.
'Sundays excelled. { Sundays only, < Satiir.Kyß »v»ly
', I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
■ ;■ ' RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoo Ferry. Foot of Market St.
*■. ■ .
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN T.AFAEI*
! WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 3:30,
, 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; l:*0. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
' Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same ; schedule as above.
. Leave ' ', Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ * April 23, •
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sun- | Week
Days, j^ days. Destination, days. | Days.
7:30 ami 8:00 am • Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm] 5:00 pmi Santa Rosa. . 7:36 pm 6:22 pm
" ~~~* Fulton, ■ - •
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am Hopland and ,10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am [ Ukiah. 7:36 pmj 6:22 pm
~ 1 :30 am " ~ . i 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm ■ •,.
3:30 pm | J 6:22 pm
i 7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma , 10:40 am 8.40 am
and .
! 5:10 pmi 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
j 7:30 am 8:00 am] SebastopoL 10:40 am 10.25 am
I 3:30 pm 5:00 pm| . 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
! Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
! Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
j eerville for Skagrgrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
1 the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
! Highland Springs, Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
: Springs, :. Soda ' Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
! Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
I Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
! Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
I side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
I Hullville, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
| docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Veal.
[ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.'
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bid?.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
i Oery Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*)
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cap*
Run on the Following Time:
beave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.^ .
I Arrive Denver....".:.. 6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S M.Ti
Arrive Kansas C1ty..7:00 a. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W,
Arrive St. Louis..... 6:15 p. m., T.F.8.8.M.T.W,
I Arrive Chicag0...... .9:00 p. m.. T.F.B.S.M.T.^BJ
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior* Meals at Very Reason*
■ . .' - able Rates* •
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pa*
(111 FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — 144 MARKET; SI
Chronicle Building. ' Telephone Main 1520.
i Oakland Office— Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
Ban Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
j From June 1, 1888, trains will run as follows:
South- bound. ' .... North-bound.'.
j Passen- * Mixed : ■ Mixed Passen- '
:.-•■■ ger .-.,. ! Sunday Bta- . Sunday ger
! Dally. lExc'pfd . •.; tons. ■,-'.; Exc'pt'd Daily. .
' 7:20 aml 9:00 a m Stockton 8:46 p m 5:40 p m
: 9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:60 p m Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm "
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 1:26 p m
i 2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m ■'.
12:03 pm ,7:50 p m Visalia 6:40 a m 12:55 pm ..
! ■'■' Stopping ■at '■■ Intermediate points ', as required.
1 • Connections— < Stockton with steamboats of
' California ■■ Navigation ? and » Improvement I Com-
. pany; leaving San Francisco and Stockton , at - • '-
' p. m. daily; at Merced - with stages to and
from Snelllngs, ; Coulterville, . Yoaemlto, ■ etc.; r
■Jeo with stage from Hornlto«,>Maripos«, »tc. ;
i at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
78
A THIRD
HEALING
CLAIMED
Experience of Mrs.
Montgomery.
SUBJECT OF FAITH CURE
TELLS OF THE ASSURANCE OF
HKR EECOVEBY.
"Walks Out of Her Boom and
Attends a Two-Hour Service
After Weeks of Suf
fering.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 12.
Mre. Carrie Judd Montgomery, who
claims to have been snatched from death
by faith in the "Great Physician" on two
previous occasions, declares to-day that
she has again been miraculously healed
through faith, when science said she must
die. Mrs. Montgomery is a well-known
special aid in the Salvation Army and is
often spoken of as the wife of Mil
lionaire Montgomery, although Mr. Mont
gomery denies that he iB worth any such
amount
For the past six weeks Mrs. Montgom
ery has been a terrible sufferer. First she
had cerebro-spinal meningitis, and physi
cian?, called against her will, pronounced
her case a hopeless one. She refused med
icine and professional nurses, counte
nancing nothing but faith in the healing
power of her Creator to restore her to
hralth. This was at her country home at
Lytton Springs, and she recovered and
came here, going about her daily work at
the various homes and institutions which
the and her husband have established at
Beulah, near Mills College.
She was taken ill suddenly with nervous
prostration and has suffered Intensely.
Dr. Stark, a "Christian" physician, was
called, but she refused to have anythingto
do with him. A nurse was ca.lled, but that
only made matters worse, as the patient
refused to sleep, with her in the house.
In this condition and with her digestive
organs refusing entirely to do their duty,
the missionary and Christian Alliance
members sot a day of prayer for her re
covery. To-day she declared to her friends
that from that day she has improved, be
ing able to digest anything she ate.
Friday last a Mr. Francis, a conse
crated member of the alliance living In
San Francisco, felt impressed with the
duty of calling upon some sick one. He
took the boat for this city, and on the
way read an account of Mrs. Montgom
ery's serious illness in The Call. He at
once decided that she was the sick one
he could see. In company with a Mr.
Brote, another member, he called, and
they held a season of prayer. The rest
Is best told in Mr?. Montgomery's own
words:
■ I was alone in my room this morning
with Mrs. Fanny Montgomery." she said,
wh^n relating her experience, "when I
received the assurance of my healing. I
had never doubted God's power, and
when I felt as I did T arose and went
out on the upper veranda. The peace and
happiness of the hour were sublime. Af
ter going downstairs for a while after
breakfast I returned to my room, refus
ing to lean on Mr. Montgomery's arm or
that of any other but my "Great Physi
cian.' "
From 11 to 1 o'clock Mrs. Montgomery
Ba4 'hrough the usual Sunday service at
Beulah, at which all of the children from
the two orphanapcF were present as well
as many others. She sat by the organ,
and at the cirse showed no signs of fa
tiTue or nervousness. She gives due
crt'ila to the members of the alliance who
prayed for her, but believing in God's
power for the Improved condition she
herself in. She will attend the ses
of the annual convention which
commence this week in the Congrega
tional Church and tell her own story, if
all goes well.
Her early life and cure from consump
tion when* she was so wasted that she
could not lift her head from her pillow
has been published in nearly a dozen
languages, and published in the press of
the East when It occurred. That was In
her home in Buffalo, N. Y\ She has but
one child, a beautiful daughter she calls
"Faith," in recognition of the many
blessings she has received.
THOUSANDS AT THE PARK.
A Patriotic Programme Draws a
Large Crowd — Fun at Sutro
Baths.
Thousands of pleasure-seekers enjoyed
the music, the sunshine and the flowers
at the Park and Cliff yesterday. Many
soldiers from Camp Merritt mingled i»
the crowds, and It was apparent that they
v. ■r. glad of the freedom outside the
guard iines. The patriotic music at the
Park, f r< e admission at the Chutes and a
swimming match at Sutro's baths ac
corded the soldiers plenty of pleasure, and
they appreciated it. At the Chutes many
additional things of interest have been
! to the ensemble of exhibits, but
the biK man. Henri Maurice Cannon, the
big lion and the big seal are the centers
<rf attraction. In a few days a new fea
ture in the shape of an observatory will
be complete!. It will stand on top of the
tall Chute tower, and an excellent land
and marine view can be enjoyed.
Early In the day the soldiers who were
rtidpate in the swimming races and
- of their friends began to gather at
Sutro's Baths, and when the opening
event was announced the largest crowd
that h;is gathered under the vast roof
this season was present to witness It.
The soldiers proved good swimmers, and
each succeeding event was viewed with
Increased interest.
The r< BUltfl follow:
ird uanh for South Dakota Volunteers —
O. HiHstead first, N. Duffy second.
75-yard dash for Montana Volunteers — W.
Bowde first. Kills Warren second.
fvi-yard special for the championship of the
volunteers at Camp Merritt— W. Seaman first,
A. Davignon and W. Bowde tie for second.
75-yard daeh for North Dakota Volunteers —
D. \V right first. A. J. Reacy second.
199-yard special for United States ]->iglneers —
A. Pavlgnon flrHt, R. Moxley second.
120-y;ir'l medal fir California Volunteers —
D. Carroll first, A. Hingrose second.
Personal Mention.
W. J. Boggs and wife of Colusa are at
the Palace.
L. F. Bruner of Sacramento arrived In
this city yesterday and will remain a
few days at the Grand.
J. F. Rooney of Sonoma is at the Occi
dental.
G. C. Bautz and James A. Sample of
■Washington are a? the -Palace.
E. H. Vance of Eureka Is stopping at
the I-
Fred M. "West of Stockton is a guest at
the Gi «
Rev, John Robertson of Glasgow and
A. C. Peck of New York are stop
ping at the Occidental, and while in this
city will attend the Christian Alliance.
C. L. Folquardsen of Mazatlan, and
wife, are at the Palace.
W. F. Detert, a mining man of Jack
son, is stopping at the Lick.
Charles L. Dexter of Dallas and family
are at the Occidental.
E. P. Bemis is stopping at the Baldwin.
C E. Clinch and Raymond Clinch are
guests at the Occidental.
Resisted Arrest.
John Murphy, an ex-convlct, was ar
r< sti .1 yesterday afternoon by Policemen
Galloway and Moriarlty on charges of
malicious mischief, battery and vagrancy.
Murphy threw a brick through the win
dow at 8 Anthony street, and when Gal
loway placed him under arrest he fought
rately and a gang of nearly one
hundred assisted him. Galloway had to
:ise his club, and In the flpht he had one
of the lingers of his left hand broken-.
Moriarlty fortunately made his appear
ance and helped to subdue Murphy. Gal
loway had his finger dressed at the Re
ceiving Hospital and Murphy had also to
bo taken there for repairs.
MOSKIMAN WAS
INVINCIBLE
Oakland's Twirler Fool
Santa Cruz Batters.
VISITORS HAVE A HOODOO
STOCKTON BEATS FRISCO IN A
HOT STRUGGLE.
Fresnos Succumb to Gilt Edges and
San Jose Defeats the Ath
letics at the Garden
City.
BY JOE CORBETT.
After about ac hot and evenly contested j
a game as one would care to see, the
"sand crabs" fell down before Manager j
Ewlng's bunch of "hairless wonders" yes- j
terday afternoon at Recreation Park to j
the tune of 4 to 3. It was a game marked ■
by clever and at intervals wild playing, In
Which that rare uncertainty characteristic
;of the game played a most prominent j
| part. Not until the last man was out
j could one possibly pick a winner, and j
j when the finish did come it happened so :
! unexpectedly that it was really difficult to j
I realize that a team which had made such |
| a noble uphill fight had at the last mo- i
' ment met with defeat. Such, however, Is j
baseball.
On Saturday the Beachcombers snatched
| victory from the very jaws of defeat. Yes
terday they met with a like fate, so
there Is no use of complaining. However, j
it is really sad to see those earnest, hard- i
, working "Sand Crabs" meet with re- j
1 verses, for It is to them that the fans are ,
' Indebted for the few good games of base- ]
ball they have had the pleasure of wit- i
nessing since the consolidation. All sea- |
i son they have been playing in the se- ,
I verest kind of luck, it being no uncom- j
; mon occurrence for them to lose games by ;
' the smallest kind of a margin. Possibly :
', they themselves are responsible for the
numerous defeats chalked up against
them. Be this so or not, they certainly '
i have had the lion's share of misfortune,
and if for no other reason than the onu
1 that they have participated in the only ■
good games'of ball seen here this season,
let us root for them.
Their defeat yesterday was due princl- I
pally to their inability to connect with :
i with Mr. Mosklman's shoots when hits ;
! were needed. In fact, they could do noth
; ing with this gentleman to speak of, as :
| only four safe hits were made off him
i during the entire game. He pitched very
! steady ball and was given the poorest sort
: of support at times, Schmeer and O'Neil ;
being the principal offenders. O'Neil in
particular played a miserable game, not
only in the field, but at the bat. His
striking out in the third inning with a
man on first and second was just as stu- ;
, pid a play as that made by Balsz on the
preceding day. The proper play was to i
i advance the runners, but as usual the
first rules of baseball must be disregard
| ed and an elegant chance for a big rally i
: thrown to the winds simply because a i
player saw a chance to make of himself ,
a temporary idol. Do th ; proper thing at
the proper time, and don't hamper the '
chances of your team by doing otherwise, i
Next to O'Neil'B wretched work comes I
the complete though brief ascension of
: the whole Oakland team. It occurred in
! the seventh inning, and for a moment it
looked as if the game must end in a con
fusing avalanche of every old thing post
; sible in a game of ball. Santa Cruz had i
: a man on first and one on third. C. Dau
benbis singled to left and Donovan, in- i
stead of returning the ball to second
threw wild to first. Sykes finally located '
the ball and thre^ it wild to the plate, i
two runs scoring on the play.
■ It took the whole Oakland"team to hold :
that ball, and I'll wager if it had not been
for this fact the ball would have finally
been thrown over the fence. It was
in this inning that the"Sand Crabs" tied
the score, and how that immense crowd I
did howl. You know if somehting like <
, this did not occur the game would not be :
1 enjoyable, and. therefore, this terrible In
ddent could not possibly detract any ln
, terest from the game. It certainly did ,
i not in this instance, for the game de
! veloped into one of those grand finales, ■
and all on account of those few long- |
distance throws. In the next inning quiet i
and good baseball prevailed, but in the ;
following and last what a change. After
the "Sand Crabs" had retired in order, as !
also the first man up for the Oaklands '
| "Claudie" Schmeer redeemed himself by !
I meeting the ball for a clean two bagger. :
i Then came the "Mighty" Sykes. "Bing!"
i and all was over. The ball was found
i somewhere in the neighborhood of the :
i carriage drive, and no one knows what
poor Mr. Tuttle must pass through on his i
i return to "Knockersville," and all over
; that last drive of Sykes. . Score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, r. f 4 12 0 10 0
O'Neill, 2 b 4 0008031
Lange. 3 b 8 0 1 0 2 2 0 i
Hardle, c. t 3 0 0 0 2 10!
Sullivan, c 3 0 10 4 10
Pchmeer, s. s 4 1113 2 2;
Sykes, 1 b 4 0 117 11
Mosklman. p 2 0 0 0 2 2 0
Dean, 1. f S 1 0 0 8 0 0
Totals 30 8 6 2 27 9 <
SANTA CRTJZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, s. a ... 4 0 0 0 2 6 1
Mclntyre. c. f 3 0 1 1 1 0 0
Deveraux, 3 b 3 0 0 0 14 0
Fitzgerald. 1. t 4 12 0 2 0 1
Stretb. lb 4 0 0 0 8 0 0
McOrath. r. f 4 1 0 1 2 1 0
C. Daubenblss. C....4 0 1 0 4 0 0'
Arellanes, 2 b 3 0 0 0 5 2 0
E. Daubenblsfl, p... 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 32 2 4 2*26 4 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Benta Cruz 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 2
Base hits 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 0 I—4
Oakland 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 I—3
Base hits 1 10 0 10 0 1 2—6
SUMMARY.
•One out when winning run was made.
Runs responsible for— Mosklman 1. Dauben
blss 1. Two-base hit— Schmeer. Sacrifice hit—
Devraux. First base on errors— Oakland 2,
Santa Cruz 5. First base on called balls—Oak
land 3. Left on bases — Oakland 3. Santa Cruz
2. Struck out— By Mosklman 3. by Daubenblss
t. Hit by pitcher— Mclntyre. Hardle. Double
plays— Arellanes to Streib; Lange to Sykes to
Lange; McGrath to Streib. Time of game-
One hour and 26 minutes. Umpire Dave
Creamer.
••■
Other Games.
The St. Tgnatius Midgets defeated the
Columbia-square Boys' Club Saturday by
a score of 11 to 7 and the Alpines Sunday
by a score of 12 to 10. The winners would
like to hear from any team in the State
whose members are under 13. Address
challenges to H. McCabe, 349% Grove
street, city.
At lyivermore yesterday the San Fran
challenges to H. McCabe, 8-4 Grove
by a score of 4 to 3.
FROSTY AT FRESNO.
The Gilt Edges Shut Out the
Raisin Growers With Lit
tle Trouble.
FRESNO, June 12.— The Gilt Edges de
feated the Fresnos at Athletic Park , to
day by a score of 7 to 0. The game was
] witnessed by a large crowd of people,
| who expected to see another such contest
as was played at Sacramento, when the
Fresnos ' defeated I the mighty aggregation
of 'l the Capital City. The local rooters
were doomed to disappointment, however,
as Ruhstallers' colts outplayed the home
team at every stage of the game. -
The Sacramentos : were first up 1 and
scored one run. ; The Fresnos went out in
regular succession at v their turn with the
stick and in the second Inning the visit
ing team scored four runs, two of which
were let la by. an error by McCue, who
muffed a fly. The home nine went " to
j pieces and on account of more errors four
I men crossed ■ the plate. The feature of
i the ; game was the i pitching . of Harvey
who held the : Fresnos ". down to ■ three
scattering hits and struck out eleven. He
was a little wild, but he seemed. to steady
down at critical stages. Lochhead of Sao
(Wunento carried on th« honors with the
THE SAN FRANCISCO QAI/L, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1898.
willow, making three hits, two of which
were two-baggers. The offiical score Is
as follows:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Hurhea, 2b 4 2 10 2 1*
Peoples, 3b... 4 0 2 0 0 10
Stanley, o 6 0 1 0 11 1 0
Doyla. rf S 0 0 0 1 0 0
Hhanahan, of 3 0 0 12 2 1
Caverley. lb 4 110 6 0 1
Lochhead. as 4 2 3 0 8 10
Borland, If 4 0 10 2 0 1
Harvey, p 4 2 10 0 10
Total* 37 7 10 1 27 7 8
FRESNO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Early, 2b 3 0 10 3 2 0
Held, lb 2 0 0 0 18 1 0
Courtney, ss 3 0 0 0 0 4 0
McCue, cf 4 0 0 12 11
More. 8b 4 0 0 0 19 2
Brittaln, rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Ferguson. If 4 0 10 10 1
Thomas, p 2 0 110 8 0
Mangerina, c 3 0 0 0 2 0 1
Totals 2§ 0 3 2 27 20 &
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 1 41001000—7
Bass hits 0 4 3 1110 0 o—lo
Fresno 0 00000000—0
Base hits 0 0000020 I—B
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Lochhead 2. Sacrifice hits —
Peoples. First base on errors — Sacramento 8,
Fresno 2. First base on called balls—Sacra
mento 2, Fresno 6. Left on bases — Sacramento
14. Fresno 9. Struck out— By Harvey 11, by
Thomas 2. Hit by pitcher— Mangerina. Double
plays— Shanahan to Hughes, Moore. Early.
Held. Wild pitches— Thomas 1, Harvey 1.
Time of game— l:so. Umpfre — O'Connell. Of
ficial scorer— Al Sunderland.
ATHLETICS LOSE.
San Jose Pulls Out a Close
Game From the San Fran
cisco Aggregation.
SAN JOSE, June 12.— To-day's game
with the Athletics was stubbornly con
tested and fraught with much uncertainty
until the last man was put out in the
ninth inning. The visitors lost mainly
through poor base running. San Jose's
infield did marvelous work, accepting
twenty-seven chances without an error.
Hanley made a sensational catch of what
looked like a four-cushion shot by Josh
Riley. The home team scored in the sec
ond on a combination of errors and in the
seventh placed two more to their credit.
The Athletics put two men across the
plate in the seventh and were one run [
shy when the game closed. Fountain was j
wild and was taken out of the box. it'ltz
patrick was substituted and pitched a
strong game.
The score:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. 811. SB. PO. A. E.
Smith, c. t 4 1 1 0 t 0 0
Rlley, 2b 4 12 0 2 3 1
McLaughlln. us 4 0 10 0 4 1
Stultz, lb 2 0 1 0 17 0 1
Scott, c 3 0 0 0 5 0 1
Ford. 1. f 4 0 8 0 0 0 0
Hilderbrandt, r. f... 2 0 0 0 2 v 0
Johnson, 3b 8 0 0 0 13 0
Fountain, p 10 0 0 110
Fitzpatrlck. p 10 0 0 0 10
Totals 27 2 5 0 27 12 4
BAN JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
Hanley, 1. f 4 0 0 0 110
Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 11 0 0
McGucken, c. f 3 0 12 3 0 0
Easan, 2b 4 0 0*320
Foley. r. f 4 110 10 0
McCarthy, 3b 3 10 0 2 5 0
Bmckoff. ss 2 112 12 0
Kent, c 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Iberg, p 4 0 0 1 0 8 0
Totals 31 3 3 6 '26 IS 0
•Hilderbrandt hit by batted ball.
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Pan Joee 01000010 o—B
Athletics 00000020 o—2
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Riley 2. Double plays— Me-
Carthy to Eajran to Hanlon 2. Flrc»t base on
errors— San Jose 2. First base on balls — Foun- ■
tain 4. Ibers 2. Struck out— Fountain 1. Fltz
patrtck 3, IberK 2. Left on bases— Athletics 2.
San Jose 6. Base on hit by pitcher— Brockoft.
Wild pitch— Fountain. Time of game— lh. 40
m. Umpire — C. Sweeney. Scorers — Doyle and
Gilbert.
SAN FRANCISCO SHUT OUT.
Stockton Wins the Fastest Game
of the Season on the Home
Grounds.
STOCKTON, June 12.— Th© fastest game
of the year was played at Goodwater
Grove to-day between Stockton and San
Francisco. A big crowd was present, in
cluding a delegation from the Bay. Fol
lowing is the score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Muller, 1. f. 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Billings, s. s 5 0 0 0 3 4 0
N. Smith. 2 b 4 1 3 0 2 2 0
gplna. 1 b 4 2 1 0 12 1 0
Rice, r. f 4 0 1 0 2 r 0
It White, 3 b 3 0 0 0 12 1
Peters, c 4 0 0 0 6 2 0
H. White, c. f 4 0 1 ft 0 0 1
Whalen, p 4 0 2 0 0 2 0
Totals 35 8 8 0 27 13 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
H. Krug. 8 b 4 0 0 0 0 3 1
Hammond, c 4 n 0 0 6 1 1
Murphy. 1 b 3 0 1 2 11 1 0
K. Krus. s. a 3 0 0 0 5 7 8
N'ealon. <\ f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Fatcet, I b 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Btroecker, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 3 0 10 4 0 0
3hea, p 8 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 29 0 t 3 27 12 I
RVNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 0 2 0 10 0 0 o—3
Bas* hits 2 E 1 0 1 1 0 0 I—B
San Frarvoiseo 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 0 0 0 0 0 110 o—2
SUMMARY.
Responsible for runs— Shea 2. Double play-
Billings, Smith and fielna. First base on called
balls— Shea 4. Hit by pitcher— Selna. Struck
out— By Whalen 6, by Shea 4. Left on bases-
Stockton 10, San Francisco 2. Time of game-
One hour and 29 mlnutPS. Umpire — Charlea
Chas«. Scorer— A. H. Harlln.
-OWLY TAILENDERS
SMITE THE LEADERS.
Cincinnati Taken Into Camp by the
, ■ •, : Colonels and Cleveland by
the Pirates.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
: W. L. Pet . W. L. Pet
Cincinnati ...30 14 .682 Pittsburgh ....24 23 .611
Cleveland ....30 16.632 Philadelphia 18 23.439
Boston .......29 16 .644 Brooklyn ....16 25 .390
Baltimore ...25 15 .625 St. Louis ....16 28 .364
New Y0rk.... 20 21 .623 Washington .15 29 .341
Chicago 23 22 .511 Louisville ...15 32.319
CHICAGO, • June 12.— The Browns de
feated Chicago to-day In one of the pret
tiest games of the season. Both pitchers
were hit hard .only themost brilliant field
ing keeping the score down. St. Louis
scored their runs by a bunching of hits
aided by two bases on balls. Attendance,
11,400. Score
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Chicago ...2/ 10 1
St. Louis 4 14 1
Batteries— Callahan and Donohue, Taylor and
Sudden. Umpires — Emslle and Curry. ■
LOUISVILLE, June 12.— Wagner's home
run with a man on base won the game for
the Colonels in the eighth inning. Powers,
whom the Colonels secured from Notre
Dame University, made his first appear
ance, i Attendance, 4000. Sc»re:
Clubs— . ' W,/. : SV' '• R. H. B.
Louisville .....6 8- 4
Cincinnati .......:....:...... ...4" 7 1
' Batteries— Cunningham and Powers, Brelten
stein and Wood. — Swartwood and
Wood. ,'.
CLEVELAND, June 12.— The first Sun
day baseball here this season was played
this afternoon . ; at Euclid Beach, nine
miles from the city. A crowd of 6000 was
present. A severe \ thunder storm inter
rupted the game, but there was no Inter
ference by the authorities. : The latter
part of the fifth inning was played' In the
rain; and the ball was bo wet the pitchers
could do nothing .with it. Score:
Clubs : R. H. K.
Cleveland... ......1 l o
Plttaburg .-.:. ..:... .3 5 0
Batteries— Powell : and Crlger, Gardner . and
Schrlver. Umpires— Snyder, and Connolly.
; \~ — ' . ,*. . ... — : ■■'.■• 2'- '■" -';■■■■ "■
■ Spokane and Seattle.
SPOKANE, June 12.— Score:
Clubs— - . ' / R. H. E.
Spokane ........14 17 3
Portland ;........... ".■......;....... 7 15 7
TACOMA, Wash., June 12.— Score: .;;
Clubs— • >^?fe^^-"'R-'H. E.
Seattle '. ......4 93
Tacoma ;...:...;.■......;.:;;.;... ....3 6 4
TWO BICYCLE RECORDS
BROKEN AT DENVER.
DENVER, June Two • world's bi
,/cycl* records were lowered at the Chutes
Park in this city to-day. W. W. Hamil
ton, who previously held both the world's
paced and unpaced mile records, to-day
rode an unpaced mile in the remarkable
time of 1:56, thus clipping three and one
quarter seconds from the record as it
stood until to-day. Although this per
formance will not go on record as official
because no sanction of it had been asked
for, there Is no doubt of the correctness
of the time, as three experienced timers
held watches on the rider, and the record
was made in the presence of a number of
witnesses.
A. B. Hughes knocked six seconds from
the three-mile unpaced record, riding the
distance in 6:28. His last mile was ridden
in 2:03.
A regular meet will be held here on
Saturday next and Hamilton and Hughes
will attempt to make new records for one
mile and three miles, unpaced riding.
EDGAR FLEMING
HAS DISAPPEARED.
THE POLICE ASKED TO HELP IN
DISCOVERING HIM.
He Is an Ex-Sea Captain and Justice
of the Peace of Coronado,
Near San Diego.
The wife of Edgar Fleming 1 of Coronado,
near San Diego, arrived in the city yester
day morning, and at once made her way
to police headquarters. She wanted the
police to help her in ascertaining the
whereabouts of her husband.
Mrs. Fleming said that on April 17 last
her husband left Coronado for this city
with the object of obtaining some suit
able employment here. "While here he
was taken sick and he wrote his wife thai
he wanted to return home. She sent him
a ticket for his passage on the steamer
Santa Rosa, which left here on May 31.
When the steamer reached San Diego
Mrs. Fleming went on board and was dis
appointed not to find her husband there.
The purser added to the mystery by
showing her that the ticket had been
presented but he could not say that he
saw her husband on board.
Mrs. Fleming waited for a day or two,
and not hearing from her husband de
cided to com© to this city and find out
if possible if any accident could have
happened him. She told the police that
some one might have maltreated her hus
band and stolen the ticket from him. A
search of the records at the City Prison
and Receiving Hospital showed that he
had not been brought to either place, and
her alarm was in consequence increased.
Fleming is a man about 45 years of age,
five feet ten inches tall, slender build,
with gray hair, light mustache and blue
eyes. He was a sea captain for twelve
years and Justice of the Peace in Coro
nado four years ago. His -wife is very
much worried over his peculiar disappear
ance, and believes that something serious
has happened him. The police will do
everything possible to help her In solv
ing the mystery.
Triduum at the Paulist Church.
Rev. E. H. Tounan, the Paullst mission
ary, will preach a triduum in honor of
the Sacred Heart in St. Mary's Church,
California street, commencing Tuesday
evening at 8 o'clock and continuing until
Friday evening. This course of sermons
will be interesting to all, especially
non-Catholics. After this triduum Rev.
Father Younan will conduct a class of in
quiry for non-Catholics for three evenings
of each week during June and July.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Fr*nei»eo
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery «tre«t,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
887 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
«15 l.arkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market atreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock,
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until »:S0 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets ; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16. w * ~
K. T., Golden Gate building, 623 Sutter jfSn
St. — Special assembly on MONDAY [181
EVENING, at 8 o'olock. The Order of
the Red Cross will be conferred. All fraters
are courteously invited, particularly our
fraters of the United States Volunteers
CHARLES L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge NoTaSO, F. •
and A. M., 1839 Flllmore st. (Frank- _JV
lln Hall)— First degree THIS (MON-lT Jf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By/^rN
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $2 80, whitened $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 34S 3d.
MISS GREY, 12 Eddy St., room 7. alcohol and
massage baths; hours 12 m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; genuine
electric vapor baths. 204 Sutter st.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlurs 1 and 2, 32 Turk St.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120V4 Geary st., room 2. i
MMX. HANSEN, latest galvanio battery and
cabinet baths, lie Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st.. room 11.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East-Baths,
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room 1.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. 12.
opp. Baldwin: steam baths and massage.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15H Txirk anQ 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES — We have a superior oook, also a Nova
Scotia second girl, desiring situations. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 816 Sutter st.
REFINED, middle-aged Protestant woman de-
Fires situation; $12 to $15; good cook; best
references. MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse; $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Putter St.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seam-
stress desires situation; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
AWAITING situations — Several first-class
waitresses and chambermaids; also hotel and
boarding-house cooks; city or country. Please
call or send your orders to MISS CULLEN,
825 Sutter st.
AWAITING situations— so first-class Irish. Ger-
man and Scandinavian girls for all kinds of
housework. Address or telephone MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH housoglrl with 3 years' reference;
flrst-classr cook and laundress; city or coun-
try. MRS. NORTON, Swedish and German
Employment Bureau, 813 Sutter St.; tele-
phone Green 72L
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to assist In house-
work; $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
GERMAN second girl; first-class waitress and
seamstress. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NUMBER of girls, cocks, chambermaids,
nurseglrls and girls for housework awaiting
situations at MRS. HIRD'S Employment Of-
fice, 631 Ljrktn nt. ; telephone Sutter 52.
RESPECTABLE housekeeper, not over 30, for
Washington. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced Pfnfrh
general house servant: good cook and laun-
dress; references. 1023 Market st., near Sixth.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged German widow,
with child of 8 years, wishes steady place as
housekeeper: good plain cook; small wages:
country preferred. Address D. 8., box 82,
Monterey, Cal.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged widow wants
place as working housekeeper; good cook and
seamstress. K. C. 106 Eleventh St., branch
Call office.
FRENCH woman wishes a situation; can
speak good English: general housework and
cook; goH references. 230 Montgomery aye.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do cooking
or general housework; good references. Ad-
dress 1809 Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, good cutter and
fitter, will work by the day; -76c and car fare.
522 Stevenson Bt.
SINGLE, middle-aged man wishes position at
some light work requiring constant applica-
tion rather than haste. Address box 358, Call.
DANISH girl wants situation to do general
housework. Please call at 953 Harrison st.
SWEDISH girl wishes a situation to do house-
work and cooking. Box 382, Call office.
STEADY woman wants washing or house-
ckaning. 567& Minna at.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
NURSE wishes a place as nurse to a gentle-
man or lady; references exchanged. Box 356,
Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants a situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or Berkeley. Call at
;.';i'.-2 Minna at.
NURSEGIRL wishes position to care for child
and assist. Call 620 Larkin st.
AN experienced nurse would take charge of an
Invalid or do general nursing. Nurse, 310
Sixth aye., Richmond District.
YOUNG lady desires position with refined fam-
ily going to country; would take care of In-
valid or children or do any kind of light
work; references exchanged. Address C. H.,
1307 Taylor st.
POSITION as managing or working hous
keeper in respectable family; good cook; ex
cellent care of children; good references. Ac
dress box 636, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to <
wages $12. 3722 Folsom st.
RELIABLE elderly woman wants position
city in small family; will make herself gen
erally useful; references. Box 541, Call offlc
GOOD dressmaker wishes work; terms 75c
day. Address box 356, Call office.
SITUATION wanted (German) ; experience
cook and laundress or general housewor!
MARY, 263'^ Natoma St.
WANTED by a woman in great need of wor'
washing-, housecleaning, plain sewing or any
kind of work by the day. Apply Children's
Day Home, Hayes st., near Polk.
SITUATION as bookkeeper by a lady of ex-
perience. with good references; single o
double entry. Address box A. G., Call office
Oakland.
EXPERIENCED hotel housekeeper with bes
references would take charge of hotel o
residence; references: no objection to coun
try. Box 379, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like a' place; good cook
city or country. Please call 322 Minna st.
LADY wants position to do chamberwork o
take charge of house while family are gon
for summer. 1219 Mission st.
WANTED— By American widow, position a
housekeeper; good cook, seamstress an'
laundress; references; city or country. 90
Capp st.
EXPERIENCED lady stenographer and book
keeper desires position as private secretary
Box 595, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FOR first-class farmers, teamsters, miners, me-
chanics or other help, male or female, send
orders to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento at.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 421
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
SHIP'S surgeon, M.D., 8.C., Cambridge Uni-
versity, England, L.S.A. London, M.D. San
Francisco, 2 years with P. and O. S. S. Co.,
wishes re-engagement on any steamer requir-
ing such officer. Box 36<V Call office.
ENGLISH farmer, 2 years Eastern State ex-
perience in stockraising and marketing, de-
sires position as ranch foreman; poultry a
specialty; valuable recipes; testimonials, ref-
erences. Box 359, Call office.
WANTED — By young man (German), kitchen
work, waiting, saloon or other work; city or
country. Address H. VIELJTi, 632 Mission
st., room 19. '
GOOD cake baker and confectioner wants a
light situation on small salary. Please ad-
dress Confectioner, 1616 Stockton St.
BARTENDER wishes position in city or coun-
try: good references. Address A., box 865,
Call office.
JANITOR or watchman — A man with good rec-
ommendations wishes steady employment.
Address Janitor, box 361, Call office.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
YOUNG man (German), married, strong and
willing to work, wants situation as janitor,
porter, watchman; can care for horses and
garden; references. Box 310, Call office.
YOUNG man with 10 years' experience as a
salesman wants position of any kind. Ad-
dress J. S., box 534, Call office
YOUNG man, German, 23. experienced bar-
tender, wishes situation; can serve drinks. C.
SCHMIDT. 26 Minna sL
WANTED — Situation as coachman by English-
man: thorough all round man and servant;
correct size. Address M. W.. 952 Valencia st.
INTELLIGENT young man, 20, desires em-
ployment in the interior on ranch or other-
wise; has knowledge of typewriting and ac-
counts. Address box 635, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes & situation at any kind
of work. Address box 537. Call office.
BOY 19 years of age would like to get work
of any kind; can handle elevator. Call or
address 2436 Post st.
gardener with Qrst-claM references want!
situation. Address Gardener, box 384, Call.
YOUNG man wants situation; any kind of
work; understands horsps, cows, garden; ref
erence. Add. J. A. McDONAJLD, 214 Third st
MIDDLE-AGED married man of experienc
would like a position in wholesale house o
factory; handy with tools. Address C. A. F.
Fruitvale postoffiee.
AN opportunity to acquire actual business ex
perlence in bookkeeping with reliable firm
by young man of 20: graduate of business col
leg*; $6 per week. Box 48:>, Call office.
AMKRICAN (50), strong and able, want
wurk; steady, reliable, etc.; used to horses
driving light wagon, etc.; generally useful
small remuneration. S. H., 315 Minna st.
SOBER, elderly man wants work; private fam-
ily; cook and baker; used to horses and gar-
den; useful in general; references; wages no
object. A. T.. box 7, Call office, Oakland.
STRONG young man, machinist, would like to
go to Alaska; willing to contract to work
out expenses of trip or for any Indefinite
time. Address 2787 Twenty-first Bt.
ENGINE tender, experienced, with certificates
and testimonials, wants employment. Ad-
dress H. F. N., 1059V4 Howard st.
INTELLIGENT, middle-aged man wishes po- j
Bltion to work around private ranch. Box
656. Call office.
YOUNG man of 22 would like to learn a trade.
Address box 585, Call office.
WORK wanted of any kind; a good painter and
paper hanger; knowledge of all building tools;
good man for property or real estate owners;
will work cheap for a steady Job. Apply H.
8., postofflce, Fruitvale, Cal.
AS poultry ranch foreman; many years' ex-
perience; valuable receipts; handy all klnas
of tools; best testimonials and references;
J. X., 418 Mississippi St., San Francisco.
EXPERIENCED rectifier and compounder of
liquors desires position; best references; mod-
erate salary. Box 560, Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at the
Metodist Gospel Hall, 734 Jackson St., near
Stockton.
WINCHESTER HOUSED 44 ThTrd st., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Bub-
scrijitlons and want ads taken.
HELP WASTED-PEMALe!
7 WAITRESSES and chambermaids* In hotels,
restaurants. $20, $2?, Jo and $G week; ironer in
laundry, J2-S ; cook, boarding-house, $25; 3
German and Protestant cooks. {25; 3 German
ami French second girls and nurses, $20 and
$25; 2 waitresses, lunch and dinner, very nice
restaurant, $20, and a large number of girls
for cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED this morning
3 waitresses for Santa Cruz, $20; 3 wait-
tresses for different springs. $20; 2 waitresses,
country hotels, $20; waitress, commercial
hotel, $20; 3 chambermaids, assist waiting
$20 each, pity; 7 waitresses and 4 chamber-
maids, light city situations, $15 each
AND
6 restaurant waiter girls, $26 a month and $6
a week; 3 arm waitresses, $20 and $25; 4
lunch and dinner waitresses, $20 a month; 2
lunch waitresses, 60c a meal _
AND _—
cook, country, party here, $30; housegirl,
Reno, $25; Gilroy, $20: Sonora. $25; San Lean-
dro, $20; San Lorenzo, $20: Forrest Hill, $15:
party here and fare paid ; Swedish second
girl. $20; 23 houseglrls, city situations, $2o
and $20, and many others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St., S. F. ; phone Grant 135
YOUNG girl, assist housework, no cooking. $rj
nursegirl, $10; young girl, sleep home, $10;'
young housegirls, $15 each. MRS. NORTON
313 Sutter st.
COoic!~$30; second girl, $~25- housegirl, 125~
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NURSE. $25; nurse, institution, $20: chamber
maid. $15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COLORED chambermaid, $20; colored woman
cook, restaurant, $25, country, fare paid
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, 2 in family, $20; housegirl, Ala~
meda, 3 in family, $25. MRS. NORTON 313
' Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $25, see party here; laundress
$20; laundress, $30. MRS. NORTON, 31
Butter st.
WANTED— German cook 9, $35 and $25; cham
bermalds, $15; waitress and pot washing, $25-
French second and sewing, $20; girls for
housework and assist. $20. $lf> and $10; i
French ironers, $20 and $25; French girls to
assist, $15. LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS, $20; seamstress $25- 3
nursegirls, $12 and $15; 2 cooks, $25 and $30;
10 girls for housework, MRS. HIRD, 831
Larkin st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A NEAT young gTrtTTlghT'workril-C^Xa--
:■ CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country, $25. MISS CULLEN,
% 325 Sutter st. -
IRISH ■ second girl and : plain laundress, $25.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 GERMAN cooks, $30 and $35; 2 second girls,
$20 and $25; nurse, $15; 12 housework girls,
city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls.
assist. $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A WAITRESS, $5 per week; restaurant. MISS
j CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A WAITRESS, Alameda, $20: 8 waitresses,
city. $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332, a
number of first-class girls desire positions.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., girls of all na-
tionalities wanted to, nil various positions.
LADY cashier and bookkeeper, grocery house;
2 clerks. 1023 Market st.
MANAGING matron for fashionable room-
renting house; 212 1 linen-room women; hotel
housekeeper. 1023 Market st.
NOTION and stationery saleslady: cigar stand
cashier; office matron.. 1023 Market.
TEN experienced pickle packers; glass goods;
other shop help. 1023 Market st.
LADY'S traveling | companion for vacation;
month's trip south; experienced. 313 Bush.
2 OFFICE matrons; laundry bookkeeper; .law
office stenographer, $12. 313 Bush st.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper; young lady
for photographer's parlors. 313 Bush.
STENOGRAPHER with vocal talents to tray-
. el; position of trust; references. 313 Bush.
CHAMBERMAID, $18; also waitress, $20; girl
for housework, 2 in family, $20. 631 Larkln. j
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wages :
$20. 1801 Buena Vista aye., corner Union St., |
Alameda. ."V \'l
WANTED— girl from 16 to 18 to do general
housework; wages $10. Apply from 9 to 10
a. m., 646 Natoma st. '
NEAT young girl for general housework; wages
$15. Apply, at 841 Geary st. corner Larkin.
WANTED— GirI 14 or 15 years to assist In
light housework. 4660 A Eighteenth St.
EXPERIENCED finisher on tailor-made suits;
steady position. 20 Sansome st.
NEAT girl wanted to assist with housework
and care of child. .1223 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework; fam-
ily of 2. 1717 Turk St.
GIRL for light housework; 2 in family; sleep
home. 2313 Larkln st., near Union.
WANTED— A tailoress who understands how
to run a machine. 857 Folsom st.
3 WAITRESSES wanted at Model Restaurant,
1212% Polk St.; call early.
NEAT second girl for the care i of grown chil-
dren and mending; references. 1130 O'Farrell.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom ' coats. 410
Kearny St., room 33.
GIRL for general housework in German am-
ily, $15 per month. 3401 Geary st.
WANTED— Refined motherly woman as com-
\ panion for invalid and help with light work.
Box 651, Call office.
i , __ .
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; position!
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1079 Market
at.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
WANTED — Carriage-smith for country; 3
gravel miners, $2 60 day; laundryman, $12
week; ranch blacksmith*, $35; 10 farmers, $20; !
woodchoppers, $1 50 day; fruit farmer and
• wife, $40; 2 milkers, $25; choreboy, private \
family. $10; man about place, $15, and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. . - _ j
WANTED— steward; night cook and j
baker, $10 to $12 week; hotel and restaurant
waiters, cooks, dishwashers and others. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra- ;
mento Bt. ' - j
— OPEN TO-DAY, 7 A. M.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 ■ Clay st.
A : BEEHIVE OF WORK
2943 men wanted to-day Look Here
Read Carefully —
136 laborers for a great mm* $2 50 day
655 railroad laborers ; -$1 75 day |
98 scraper teamsters $1 70 day 1
264 woodchoppers $1 50 and »1 cord I
275 railroad teamsters -$1 75 day
197 tlemakers Sc, 9c, 10c and lie each
67 shingle bolt makers $1 50 cord I
53 haymakers :—: — $26 and found \
10 orchard hands — - — $20 and found j
25 ranch hands : $26, $25 and $20 j
15 vineyard hands — ■ — $20 and found
10 choremen for ranches — ; $10 and $15
7 chore boys for ranches — '■ -$10 and found
S milkers — '■ ; -$25 and found
2 gardeners, private $15 and found
2 vegetable gardeners '• $26
10 laborers, city mfg company — $20 and found
43 laborers, city jobs ■ $1 75 day
12 2-horse teamsters $1 75 day
Sailor for a gentleman's yacht — $20 and found
2 butter makers —$30 and found
3 stablemen • — ; $25 and found
27 gold miners ■ $2 50 day
32 gravel miners '■ $2 50 day
15 laborers to level land $30 and found
67 teamsters, railroad, free fare $1 70 day
2 boys to learn trades, city :
ALSO
Blacksmith, $40 and found-
Engineer, $35 and found- '■ '■
MURRAY & READY.
... .. 634-636 Clay St.
A— FOR A — GREAT ENGLISH — \
'■ and American '■
■ Mining Syndicate
136 laborers from $2 50 a day; no experience
required; board and lodging will cost $15
per month; steady job; S. P. R. R. have
given us special reduced railroad rates to
these great mines.
MURRAY & READY.
— 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 9 COOKS 5 waiters
5 second cooks 3 waiter boys
0 dishwashers 3 porters, restaurants
MURRAY & READY.
■ -634-636 Clay st.
2 BAKER'S assistants '• $20 and found
MURRAY. & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— BLACKSMITH, country shop. ' MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay St..
A— 2 SPOOLTENDERS, sawmill company
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at.
A—ssoA — 550 railroad men: wheeler, loaders, dumpers;
snap drivers, $2 day; 2-horse teamsters, $1"5
day; coast railroads. MURRAY _ READY
634 and 636 Clay st. :
A— INTO Santa Clara County —
5 laborers; $26 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
"OPEN to the public"— Everybody kindly in-
vited to investigate the only Membership
Employment Exchange on the Pacific Coast;
if a member works a month, then leaves his
position, he may obtain another without ex-
tra cost, and the very highest fee charged
does not exceed 10 cents per week; this se-
cures the facilities of 6 established offices, the
combined efforts of 6 canvassers, special ad-
vertisements in. the daily papers,, and in
case of failure to refund money. Call and
see the lists of orders and talk with our can-
vassers at 313 Bush st.
EVERYBODY who seeks to obtain positions as
, bookkepeers, cashiers, collectors, salesmen
and clerks without publicity, cheaply and
effectually, call at the Clerks' Headuarters,
313 Bush st.
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house, at
once; 2 cellarmen; bottler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. '. , 318 Bush st.
CLERK for storeroom; bookkeeper; shipper;
barkeeper; German grocery clerk. 313 Bush.
BOOKKEEPER: German clerk; barkeeper; head
waiters; driver; hotel porter. 1023 Market. |
A BOY to wash dishes; $10. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
BELLBOY. $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st. ' n . ■ .
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
STEADY man in established cash business;
must have some money: no • experience re-
quired. 1021 Market st., room 2.; '
WANTED— Young man to drive milk wagon
$25 and found; referents. . Apply at 210 Fifth
aye.,' Richmond District. > • . -■. .
WANTED— A peddler to work on commission.
Apply 13 Dykeman place, rear 217 Mason,
12 o'clock. -'
WANTED— Good German bartender. Call at
29 Third Bt.
___________________
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 141 Ellis at.
'.—. — ' — ; :: — —  'a . ;—:; — : ; :
WANTED— A waiter male, at 1981 Market at.
WANTED— Good coatmaker .by I the week. 216
Kearny, : room 7.
WANTED— First-class cook and dishwasher
i, 812 Larkin. st. : ■
BARBER wanted. 2 Eighth st.
BARBER, young man; no Sunday work. - Ad-
ply to H. BERNARD, 102 Seventh st.
DISHWASHER wanted; man. or woman. 604
Third .-t.
BOY to l feed printing press; some experience
• Room 47, - Academy, of Sciences building.
GOOD barber shop; must be sold to-day. Call
at, 25H Sixth St.. cigar store. r
ELDERLY man to do chores around a bakery :
1139 Folsom ■■ at. ..:';;.-; :;:-.. - ■
DR , uo ,^L er ,H y-- nt *i: miut -peak German Ap-
:ply;lO18 .Valencia at, • V
.•:.":■• . r ■ ' -".'•'.: ■"'•> *
HELP WANTED— Continued.
~~r~rrrr~ ~^~ TZIIZIIIIIIiritfONDAY:
______ railroad $3 a day. -~
SPECIAL REDUCED FARES ?
15 bridge carpenters, same Job, $3 50 a day — ■«
For further particulars call and sec »
C. R. HANSEN & CO., —
*; ? . -- :, • 104 Geary St., 3. F.
NEW RAILROAD WORK- TT F c ? far*
15 tunnelmen, to $2 50 a day; year s job- — -
40 2-horse teamsters . and 30 laborers ana
scraper loaders, $20 and board and $1 75 a day,
to two different jobs free fare and we
ship twice a clay -remember free far-
from C. R. HANSEN '&■ CO., 1 :—: —
; : — - 104 Geary st. - — —
23 PICK-AND-SHOVEL laborers for a rock
quarry. $1 75 a day; board, $4 a week; long
Job; no experience required. _
- — I .- ALSO
10 men to clean brick. 60c i a thousand, office
fee 50c; get an old hatchet and be at our of-
fice 7 o'clock Monday ready for work.
AND ~ -~ :
17 plck-and-shovel laborers, city Job, $1 60
a day.
-: ALSO ■ ■ -""■"
19 more teamsters for work on a canal, »l <»
a day and board $4 DO.
■ ALSO J " ~-
11 more barkers and buckers, $35 and found;
2 Dolbeer men. $60 and "found; 3 lumber pliers,
$26 and board and " — "
4 milkers, $30 and $25 9 farm hands)
and haymakers, $26, $25 and $20 3 farmers,
same ranch, $17 50 — '
Blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 a day ; -*
7 more gravel miners, $2 50 a day- •
2 all-round stablemen for a stage company la
the mountains, $25 and found each,
■ — —^ — _— __ AND -— — —-—-——
cook and wife, small hotel. Oregon,' $80; sec-
ond cook, country hotel, $40 and fare paid;
vegetable cook, mountain resort. $40 and free
fare; pantryman, springs, $15; glass pantry-
man, $20; omnibus, $15, for the same country ho-
tel: third cook, springs, $30: night cook, mako
rolls, $10 a week; washer, $30; ironer, $25, in-
stitution, city; German porter, $20; shoe-
maker, repair work; cabin boy to go to Aus-
tralia, $10.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter and a crew of waiters for a new
springs resort: see party here Monday morn-
Ing. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CAMP cook, railroad camp. $50. C R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NIGHT porter, country hotel, $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
7 HAYMAKERS. M a day: same ranch; fari
25c. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ALL-ROUND blacksmith, $65. C. R. HANSEH
& CO., 104 Geary st.
-»
TAILORS— Wanted, a pants maker for Sacra*
i mento. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.
WANTED— Wheelers and brickyard men. Ba-
den Brick Co., Baden, South San Francisco.
GOOD boy that has worked at shoemaklng on
the bench. 638 Market St., In basement.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of' thej
United States, or those who have legally de-
i clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
apeak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San,
Francisco; steady work: good wages; only,
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO.. room 515. 328 Montgomery. S. F.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors and
bushelman. 504 Sutter st.
MEN to learn barber trade in 4 weeks, $15.
1542 Market st. v.r,
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8,
- F. Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
I WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., neai
: Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
S soling. 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 3.
FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 138.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound, Mexico,- etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 504 Davis st.
i SINGLE rooms, 10c and 150 night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
WANTED— Montana House, 7644 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c pep
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. . Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below. Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. T -...- .; '"■
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads taken. -
____________
~~AGE KT9 WASTED.
10c BRINGS : samples & catalogue of patrlotlo
emblems, etc., by return mall. Quick. Manu-
facturer, box 1275, Boston, Mass.
AGENTS.- Investigate Scrlbner's Magazine pre-
mium offer: a sure winner. Call or writs
121 Phelan building.
AGENTS, ladles or gentlemen; easy to sell;
needed by everybody. Box 548. Call office.
A<" .TS for "Our Naval War With Spain";
splendidly illustrated; only authentic book to
be published: free outfit now ready; act quick.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bid-.. Chicago.
ROOMS "WANTED.
GENTLEMAN wishes large pleasant sunny
room; good price paid. 313 Bush.
FURNISHED room with running- water; priv-
llege of gas; references. 313 Bush.
ROOMS AND BOA HI) WANTED.
WANTED by lady and daughter, rooms fo»
housekeeping: rent $10; references exchanged.
Address box 363. Call.
PARTNERS "WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in a well-located restau-
rant. O. LEUSCHNER. 235 O'Farrell st.
PARTY with few hundred dollars to go pros-
pecting in California on ground that is i
known. 324 Hyde st. . *' •
FURNITURE WANTED.'
INDIANA Auction Co. . Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. T»»l. Davis 71.
__ ____________ ___
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranc*
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sha
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property: locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect' satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms)
25 and 26, 1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease/full life reading; la.
60c, gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market St.:
trance medium; unites the separated: changes
luck; locates buried treasures; letters prompt-
ly answered: inclose stamp. .
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St., room 2.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card •
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth at. '
MME. BTBTLLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pre-
fession; never fails: advice: help. 929 Pos*t at.
. SPIRITUALISM. ~~
A— IF you want a lot of information the best
. clairvoyant and palmist In God's creation Is
Mrs. Baylor; reads ore. etc. ; full names; la-
dles, Be; gents,. ">oc; mail, $1. ■ 1819 Market
St., near Eleventh. • i _ , •
MRS. SEELEY.- grand test meeting to-nleht?
tests to all; 10c. 1133 Mission st. . * ul -S
MRS. DR. STEWERT. Chicago medium and
magnetlst; sit, dally $1. 1.60 GroVe st. Oak.
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium, 311 Main; sick-
ness a specialty; circles Friday. 2 p. m.. 26c,
I .^^^ 3^ 83 medlUmJ
£ss •med,u^ H gri^kg n "7t. te3t aDd bU ' i:
M dufn? A mm F Halght ce s P t! ndent -^ tln « m »-
___V ~^SYPNOTiSM~
CAL Institute. 4O2Vj G^ry7hy^.n'o't?sm~taughtj
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cur<»d.
I'AI.MMia
CHARACTER described; send 25c (stamps) and
date of birth to ""Astro." box 4599. Call office.
FREE lecture by Mrs. Chandler Sunday, 3 p.
m., at hall, ■ 305 Larkln st. ; readings Thurs..
Sat. at hall; Wes.. Frt. at res.. 853 Geary. "
! »":■- . .....ItUSINESS CHANCES.
• $SSO— FIRST-CLASS butcher shop, nort^i of
Market st. ; 2 horses, 2 wagons, handsome
Ftore; clearing $125 to $150 per month; trial. I
M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$500- SALOON, north Market; great business
street; big transient and regular trade; large
stock, fine futures; 6 living rooms: owner
. there 8 years; other business cause of bale;
genuine offer. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$1100— CORNER saloon and liquor store, princi- '
pal reel heart of city; old estabUSTied; large
stock; handsome fixtures; business speaks for
itself; full Investigation to prove that this ;
on>r Is actually worth $1500; present owner
there for years; sickness compelling sale.
Apply M. LESS. 765 Market St.. opposite Phe-
lan building.
$400— Bakery; principal street, heart of city: i
living rooms; rent $25; baking 1% bbls. flour |
per day: all store trade: impossible to find !
anything better in this line. M. LESS. 765 !
Market st.
$150— PA RTNER wanted ; light Indoor business;
will clear $75 month each. McLAUGHLIN.
23 Kearny st ,
$200— ROUTE ; will pay $75 per month. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
*250— PARTNER wanted In good paying butcher i
shop; fine horse and wagons; no experience
necessary; owner prefers partner to hired .
help. See McLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 23 Kearny.
GROCERY, bar; ~T living rooms and i
stable. MCLAUGHLIN, 23 Kearny st. ;
$250— CORNER saloon for sale; cheap for cash.
Mclaughlin & co.. 23 Keamy st
$:00— CORNER grocery and bar; good horse and !
wagon; stock worth price asked. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
$1500— SALOON ; owner is going into extensive
business. McLAUGHLIN Si CO., 23 Kearny. !
$473 — COFFEE saloon and branch bakery; fine !
store trade; 3 furnished rooms; great bar-
gain account of departure. McLAUGHLIN.
23 Kearny st.
CORNER saloon; good stock fixtures; pays
well; 1000 people employed in the neighbor-
hood. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
SALOON and restaurant. 4 rooms, build- j
Ing. Including lease. McLaughlin, 23 Kearny.
CIGAR-STORE with clubrooms; bargain
thin day. McLAUQHLIN i CO., 23 Kearny.
$225— PARTNER wanted in first-class paying
business; easy to learn and clearing for each
partner about $80 per month: a clean and
profitable offer. Particulars WILKE, 846 Mar-
ket it, '--■•.■
$1050 — OLD -ESTABLISHED bar-room on ]
Keamy st., close to Chronicle building; rent
$100; doing a good paying business; only first-
class custom; large stock on hand. See
ILKE, 783 Market st; new number 845.
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel: rent $60; a rare .-usines« open-
ing, call WILKE, 753 Market St., new num-
ber 845.
A— s6oo RESTAURANT In the very beet loca-
tion, doing a rushing business; flrst-class
prices and best class custom; low rent. In-
qulre WILKE. 783 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon In choicest
down-town location, with building; long
lease; doing a flrst-class paying business;
ether engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE. 783 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; estab. many years
and always doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; 4 living rooms: rent $20; a great sacri-
fice. Particulars, WILKE, 845 Market St.
KREDO & CO. 22% Geary Bt.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$2000— Drug store; good chance for practical
man. «.
PwOadhouse ; San Bruno road; furniture.
— Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished |
rooms.
Grocery and bar; give-away,
JSOO— Delicacy; fine corner; with living rooms.
— Best shooting gallerr: cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
CIGAR stands from $200 to $500: best part
Market and Kearny. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st.
PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly for cash, HEALY, 917 Market st. •
$200— GRAND chance for steady man as part-
ner in saloon and lunch house; owner in other
business; cannot give it his whole attention.
HEALY. 917 Market st
— CORNER grocery and bar; a good bargain.
$1100; new and second-hand variety store.
1250; saloon in very good location.
$3CO and $125; restaurants for Bale.
$200; partner wanted In old-established cash
business. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market St.
FOR SALE — Cheap, small manufacturing busi-
ness; 2W customers; small rent; make an
offer; owner going East: no night or Sun-
day work. Clerks' Exchange, Eleventh and
"Vvashington st., Oakland. yjy
CIGAR stand near Call. Examiner and Chron-
icle bulMlnßs; cheap; account of other busi- J
ness. S3 Third st. : .
~t>n SALE or rent: everything complete for a
small bakery. Call or address for three- days,
12 Adalr st.
$4'X>— RESTAURANT for sale; best location In.
the city: owner going to Klondike. Box 357,
Call office.
POSITIVE bargain: fine corner saloon; 4 liv-
ing-rooms; rent $20. 331 Sixth st.
SHOOTING gallery and cigar stand, doing
good business, cheap. Call at SI". Kearny st i
BARGAIN Is offered man wishing a good sa- |
loon business. Particulars at 33 Third st.
A GREAT bargain; a well stocked grocery
store; 3 living rooms; barn, horse and wagon;
chicken houses: bearing fruit trees and gar-
den; a short distance from Oakland; 6 year
lease; cheap rent. Address box 374, Cull office.'
$300— PARTNER wanted: light business: Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $_v to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary st, room 2.
$275— LIGHT manufacturing business, route,
horse and wagon, etc.; other business causa
of sale; suitable lor young man willing to do
plain light work. Particulars at 244 Third st.
FOR sale — Well-stocked • stationery, cigar, toy '
and news agency store; bargain; sickness
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTUSS &
WELCH. Sansome st.
CORNER grocery and liquor store and large
corner lot to exchange for cottage; 4 or 5
rooms and lot. Apply Call office.
DAIRY produce and delicacy store; paying
well; cheap. MRS. G. DAVIDSON. 1505 Bu-
chanan et.
GROCERY and bar: best location in city: must
be sold; a bargain. Apply retail grocer, 214
California st.
GOOD paying saloon and lunch house; estab-
lished over 17 years. L. B. WELLER, 1307
Polk st.
FOR ■-ALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st. :
NICE corner saloon cheap; must sell to-day;
going to Europe. 400 McAllister St.
PARTNER wanted in newly fitted up saloon;
good location. Box 373. Call oltlce.
WANTED — To buy a shoe repairing shop. Ad-
dress box 452, Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale. Apply 611
Castro st.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial ;
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. in. I
•WANTED — Druggist, liquor, furniture, dry
goods merchants for elegant new stores, spec-
ial Inducement. SPECK & CO., CO2 Market
FOR Cheap; a butter, eggs and delicacy j
stall with fine trade; Investigate this. Grand i
Western Market, cor. Polk and Austin sts.
PAYING cash milk business; 2 wagons; 2
routes: 3 horses; milk depot; . cheap: owner
leaving town. U. 8., box 7. Call. Oakland.
1400— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; all rented;
saloon doing fine business; best location in
city; rent $20 month. Box 549, Call office.
BAZAAR— WeII paying buslneias; must sell;
full investigation asked and desired. Ad-
dress M.. bOX 44, Call office. j .
$275— CORNER grocery and bar; clean stock;
2 living rooms; rent ___ _[_ Flllmora st.
CORNER saloon for sale; cheap for cash. 1121
Harrison st. "' '"> ■•■'
GROCERY"store for sale. Inquire at 220 First
-t.. northwest corner Tehama. ■ ,
$500— CIGAR store. Northwest corner Kearny
and California st». ' *
NEWSPAPER route and general news agency.
Agent, box 643. Call office. . . ■
FOR sale— 2 old-estab.lshed groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
$400— snap; oil business; 19 Sixth St.; value
in sight, $1000; wagons, horses, etc. ; PHIL-
LII S.
$400— RESTAURANT In country town for sale;
• no cash rent to be paid, it being taken out
ii. board; gtaod transient' trade and several
regular boarders. For particulars address box
078. Call Office. , -■-■.
WANTED— Good restaurant man with small
capital. Call at Terminal Hotel, Halght and
Btar.yan »t«. _________
$350— 1 OR sole: a chop house doing a good
business; rent $15; this Is a bargain. Ad-
- dress box 4SO, Call office. - y
WOOD and coal business, . old stand; must
sell Immediately; no agents. Box 403, Call.
A LOON for sale. 333 Bush st.
FOR sal* Cal l' route at . San . Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San. Jose. v ,:■ r. • > 1
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 41.' Sacramento st. -.
FOR EXCHANGE. ■
BOARDTcentral.* in exchange for trade In dry
goods store. Box 673, Call office.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10.
connecting with the speediest steamer on th» ;
Yukon, the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office. 630 i
Market st. . -. ■■■ -■- ■ ' .
FOR SALE— A trip to Klondyke and a year's
provisions ' free. Apply 1501 Market st .
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock! branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and, want ads taker.. _____■^_
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREPO & CO—— 22% Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS. £j
List with us; no charge (or advertising; 600
houses; all sizes; all prices.
Following are a tew special bargains:
23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to $600
» rooms; worth $2500. for :",;w IS™
20 rooms; sunny corner; bargain at $2000.. 1600
20 rooms; rent only $.60 (50 j
Many large houses from 60 to 600 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st. |
A-$3.-0; AUCTION price; 14 rooms; carpets
worth the money; elegant. KREDO & CO.,
22% Geary st.
r OFFER FOR SALE
2S-room boarding house $3500
24 rooms; transient; clears $100 500;
25 rooms on Market: clears $100 500
S6-room house; 2 fronts; offer wanted ....
4 20-room houses ; from $300 to - 1600
3 50- room houses; from SUM to 3000
3 105-room houses; from $2500 to.. .6000
65-room hotel: cost $10.000 3SOO
1 60-room apartment house for exchange.. 4000
I 7-room flat on Geary Bt _ «o
20-room house -...5500 22- room house .-$5OO
10-room house .. 150 24 rooms, corner.. _50 |
65 rooms, cor ..3000 14 mis. on Sutter .00
H. c. DECKER. 1020 Market st-
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
_ RELIABLE BROKERS
15 rooms; $250 cash. $10 monthly $450
16 rooms; new; $450 cash, payments....... 1300
19 rooms; sunny corner; central 600
20 rooms: rent $45: oak furniture .00
19 rooms; elegant place; payments S(S j
27 rooms; worth $600; only 3(8
41 rooms; Powell st.: elegant furniture... 2.00 j
66 rooms; elevator; $2000 cash 3^oo |
! LODGING house north of Market st;
cost $1500: leaving the State cause of sale.
McLAUGHLIN,& CO.. 23 Kearny st.
BUY of owner: $700 cash; 21-room house: cen-
tral and full of steady roomers; rent $60
month: Investigate this. Box 318. Call office.
~~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms. $30; sunny flat, 6
rooms; cheap rent Room 213, Claus Spreck-
els building. - '■
SACRIFICE; $100 only; furniture of 12-rooms;
' best part of Third st. Apply 444% Third st.
FOR sale— lo-room house: elegantly furnished;
owner going away. 509 Jones St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
etB., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ;
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all ether musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
OWING to school vacation we have too many
renting pianos on hand. Do you want a
snap? Fine uprights. $125, $140, $150: best
ever offered for/the money. BENJ. Cl RTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. Chickerlng agts.
GOOD Emerson $50, another $75; an elegant
$450 piano $175, another $200; quick spot cash
sales J. DEWING CO.. second floor. Flood
building. Fourth and Market sts.
CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary st, cor. Grant
ay«.. offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans. j
1 - nrs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
$5 INSTALLMENTS; upright piano: fine or-
der $S5: Hazelton square, $75. 221 Leaven-
'worth st. |
NEW pianos rented, $2 50 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes St.
BEST goods: lowest prices: easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAT VATS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS— SIOO, $125, $150: agency famous
Haines Bros. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st
GREAT bargains: Decker. Schubert. Steinway.
Neuman,. others. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. -.-
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
Bt.. next Hlbernla Bank. SCIHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
FOR SALE— Fine lot of mules and horses. 426
Valencia st
10 CAMPING hoi-sea cheap: wagons and har-
ness auction every, Tuesday. 721 Howard St.
40 HORSES for sale; also ' wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st.; auction sales jvery Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st T. P. NF.WELL.
♦ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— New Studebaker phaeton. 1712
Eddy st. . -- ■
20, TEN and four-passenger wagonettes,
leather- top hack, physician's coupe and vil-
lage cart suitable for country. O'BRIEN &
SONS, Golden Gate aye. and Polk Bt
FINE laundry, baker's and mi'k wagons cheap
for cash or* Installments; 1 fine top and open 1
buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison st.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagon: ■ cheap. Bull*
Head Repository. Fifteenth .nd Valencia.
FOR SALE— Fine business buggies cheap. 903
Golden Gate aye.
SPECIAL Bale of harness and vthlcies. Lte-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, . English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592: catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater; summer
term begins this month; for teachers and
students: 1-5 p. m. dally. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID, Principal.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.:
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month. "
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room C 72, US Market st
UNIVERSITY Coaclr— Newel Perry.Ph. B. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr.Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, mln-
lng, mech. survey, nssay. archlt. : day & eve.;
eft. ISC4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
SHORTHAND taught In one month: terms $10:
students should Investigate. 712 Van Ness.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY -Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
33 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. •
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer ■■ Carpet-
Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Putter st:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 453
f-tevenson St.: tel. S. 228: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at So.
STRATTON. 3 Elg h St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works, 14 St st. B. GRANT, . tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
/st. '.cleaning 3c a yard;, tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet- Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. ~ast 126. .... .
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want adw taken. - ,-.. ■ i
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
. used . for Bale cheap; 6end : for Samples and
: prices. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgomery.
YOST, good order, $25; send. for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 823 Montgomery st.
STORAGE.
FURNITURE, tr.nks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse," 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage .11.1 Moving C 0.7
ofnce.^Tenth^and Market: telephone South 166. ;
. PHYSICIANS. ~
DR. C. C. O' DONNELL, = office : and residence,
, 1206 Varket; ' diseases [ of women ■a ; specialty, j
THE SAN FRAIS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 13, 1898.
HOUSES to let.
all^^SvelPtown : ' "— -
You see houses ; to rent by : BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st. , '
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ;■ prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
SUNNY house. 6 rooms, bath; In good condi-
tion, $18. 2&2S Pine st.
THE desirable premises now occupied by the
Irving Institute: suitable for a family hotel
or public Institution; the building has 40 or
more rooms and ie situated » in the Mission
warm belt, being 1036 Valencia St., corner of
Hill; a bright sunny location, with large
grounds. Apply to BOVEE, XOY & SONN-
TAU. 624 Market st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
GROVE? SIS, bet. Webster" &^^ llmore— Sunny
furnished flat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable If desired; rent reasonable: references
given & required; • call between 10 and _.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely lurni.hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. I:3C and
■ 4 p m. ' ■ : . ■ ■ ■"," ■-'-■
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR RENT— Cottage 2 large sunny rooms; yard
and basement. Apply 622 Minna st., nr. 7th.
GEARY, 2253— cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
cellar; mirrow-top mantels; $13. :■;'«■
MODERN cottage, 401 Laurel st., cor. Sacra-
mento; sun all day. MADISON & BURKE.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; • yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores. . - ■ .■.'■:' - :
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first Et. : key at corner grocery.
1 FLATS TO LET.
WE want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
HOWARD. 1720, NW. «or. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
ACCOMMODATION for 2 families, flat of 7
sunny rooms and bath; rent $16. 733 Stevenson.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
BOWIE aye., 6, off Eleventh— 3 rooms, hall,
bay-window; cheap to small family. ii
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— A nice flat of 3
rooms one of 2 rooms; $7 and $5.
ELEGANT modern, sunny flat of 8 rooms. 2019
Sacramento at. ' ■
FIFTEENTH, 2156. north of Market— A sunny,
modern flat of 6 rooms, bath and basement;
rent cheap. Inquire 324 Kearny St., or EAS-
TON &.ELDRIDGE. ■
FULTON, 118— Fine- middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
FLATS, 6 and 6 rooms, $12 and $14: also cot-
tage, 4 rooms. $10. : Key 623 Second St., near
Buchanan.
FLAT and cottage to let; Bryant and Juni-
per sts. Apply to owner, MRS. L. LOUGH-
RAN. 919 Bryant st -
FLATS— Upper flat, i choice sunny rooms, $13.
1120 Broadway.
GROVE, 424%— t-room flat: rent $11.
HARRISON, 2041, opp. Eighteenth-Two sunny
, flats; 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10. ~-' :
LEAVENWORTH, 1523— Flat of 5 rooms; ■ hot
and cold water; bath; rent $14.
MISSION, 1513 A. near Eleventh— 6 sunny rooms,
bath, laundry; rent $20.
I ONLY 2 of modern flats left; Washington and
Baker; rent cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
SUNNY upper flat; 6 rooms: modern. Apply
614 Hermann St., near Webster.
TO — $12; upper flat, 5 rooms: bath and
large basement; electric cars pass the door.
3905 Twenty-fourth st., near Sanchez.
$12-sl4— Best for the money; 2 sunny upper flats.
606 D Shotwell st.
$14— NEW flat 5 rooms, bath. 61 Pond st.
between Noe and Sanchez, Sixteenth and
Seventeenth. •
FURNISHED FLATS.
HANDSOMELY furnished fiat, five rooms; for
the summer; no children. Box 542. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 675—3 large well furnished rooms, front;
first floor, with bath, $22 60; also nicely fur-
nished front suite and bath, $15.
CLAY, 1026—3. large rooms, unfurnished, for
housekeeping: good order; $8 60.
EIGHTH, 246— Large sunny front housekeeping
room, bath, $8. ... . . .' ' ■
EDDY, 917— Very desirable front connecting
housekeeping; gas range; splendid location.
ELLIS. BIS— 2 housekeeping rooms; $15.
FIFTH, 428%— Front room and kitchen, fur-
nished for housekeeping; also others.
FIRST, 28—3 front sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; rent $12 per month.
GEARY, 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN Gate, 640— Nicely furnished . _unny
apartments of 2, 3 or 4 rooms; single.
HOWARD, 741—2 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping. $10 month; also bay-window
room.
HOWARD, 831— Sunny unfurnished basement
to let; rent $10. •
GUERRERO, 1147, near Twenty-fourth— Sunny
front room, bedroom and kitchen, $12.
HOWARD, 1059%— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping; also double and single rooms;
$5 up.
HOWARD, Front back parlor for house-
keeping; also other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 2337%— sunny rooms completely
furnished, $12.
IVY AYE., 809, near Franklin— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; stove, sink,
closets; $3.
JESSIE, 373, ' near . Housekeeping
rooms; $7 and $10; private family.
LARKIN, 433— Nicely furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms.
MCALLISTER. 340— 2 sunny rooms; furnished
for housekeeping,
MINNA, 322— Housekeeping rooms, 2 or 3 fur-
nished.
MINNA, 734 — Large front room and kitchen for
housekeeping; no children.
MISSION. 1063— Clean sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing and others; week or month; very cheap.
MISSION, 915%— 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; also front suite. ,
MISSION, 1320, near Ninth— large sunny
front housekeeping rooms, $9 and $6 a month.
NATOMA, 103— Nice furnished rooms for light
housekeeping.
NINTH, 21— Large sunny bay-window rooms
complete for housekeeping, • $8; running
water; gas.
OAK, 119—2 large sunny parlors, complete for
light housekeeper, cheap; also single room, $5.
PAGE. — 3 Bunny rooms and bath, partly
furnished. Call • from 10 to 12 a. m.
POLK, 1643— 3 newly furnished large sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; rent $20.
SANCHEZ, 25, near Thirteenth— floor,
4 rooms and bath; rent $15, water Included;
private residence; no -children. ■ .
SEVENTH, 553— 58 60; 4 large sunny rooms. ::..
SHIPLEY, 259—4 or 8 housekeeping rooms, $6
and $12. . Inquire , on premises or of owner,
1151 Guerrero st. , •
SIXTH. 227— Sunny, front housekeeping suite
and other rooms; reasonable. ■ ..._'.,
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $9 per month.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; first floor; hot, cold water; : bath; gas.
THIRD, 340—2 rooms, . complete for housekeep-
ing; rent : $S. ": ' - ■ ■ ■_.- ■' • . ;
TURK, 201— Two front rooms. for housekeeping;
corner house; gas and bath; $10. ■ '
VALENCIA, 250- A furnished sunny front suite,
with übc of kitchen; also single rooms; rent
reasonable: references exchanged. . '.. i; .• ' ?■
OAKLAND ; HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE . or 5 pleasant | sunny,: rooms, furnished
housekeeping; nice grounds: centrul. 615 15th.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 716-717-719 — Furnished and
• unfurnished; ' choice and sunny; reasonable. J v
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: : reasonable:
-. Com. Transfer Co., ■ 22 - Stockton - st. ; ■» trunks
; moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49. ;
ARLINGTON | House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite: and single; first-clans
y in every respect; tcrnit reasonable, y y . ' ■ . . ;■
AT 62 Second Nice clean single, double and
. light housekeeping ; rooms ; :■ $1 :a, week ' and j up.
AT 242 ■' Stockton— '■: rooms; s pre' ty > view;
, quiet house; baths; gas: ; very .reasonable, y :
AT 147 - Powell and - 211 ' O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished : rooms by day. week or month. -■;
BRYANT, . 458— A . small ■ sunny furnished room,
with bath; cheap." ■ : ' y ■ ■*' -.,. .-;■ ■•".: ':,.■:. -. : ;.y ■:.■
CALIFORNIA,' 1520— Fine sunny rooms; hot and
- * «old water; board optional ; { table board. ; -
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant clean sunny rooms $5 up;
good home for "ulet people.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $S week.
ELLIS, 518— Sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished, $15.
ELLIS, 637, corner Larkin— Pleasant newly fur-
nished rooms; single and double; reasonable;
bath.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnlßhed
rooms to let.
FIFTH. 353— Clean sunny furnished 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath, $21; also one, $7.
GEARY, 556— Handsome front parlor, suites,
single and double rooms; light housekeeping.
GEARY, 622— Nice sunny single room, $8
month; also handsome front room; gentlemen.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor, Seventh and Howard—
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE Houso, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard can.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HAVES, 114— Two unfurnished rooms 15.
HOWARD. SS9— Nice rooms from $4 to $5 a
month in a quiet family.
HOWARD, 1806, corner Fourteenth— 8 sunny
front rooms; rent $8.
HYDE, 1105— "The Victoria," nicely furnished
rooms with or without board.
IVY AYE., 309, near Franklin— Nice furnished
front room; grate; $4.
JONES, 301— Sunny front rooms nicely fur-
nished; board if desired; private family.
MARKET, 1032— Thoroughly renovated newly
furnished sunny rooms, suites or single,
suitable for olflces or doctor; also housekeep-
ing, $6 up.
MCALLISTER, 1270—2 elegantly furnished sun-
ny pupils; 1 alcove; bath.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, 1226— Nice large sunny parlor; piano,
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
MORRIS aye., 119 — 4 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
MORRIS aye.. 121—3 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
NATOMA. 282%, near Fourth— 2 unfurnished
front rooms.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 402, corner Taylor— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; front; reasonable; al«o unfur-
nished suite.
PINE, 910— Nice large sunny room, with or
without small kitchen; gas Btove: running
water; nice location; board optional.
POST, 385— Large front room and back room,
suitable for 2 men; gaa; cheap.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. 6CHULZ.
POWELL. 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
singlo or en suite, cheap; see them.
"RANDOLPH. " Post and Mason— Bay-window
parlors and suites; smaller rooms; $1 60 to $4.
SACRAMENTO. 1365—3 rooms; separate en-
trance; good yard; rent $7.
SEVKNTII. 192. near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH. S2BH— l nice sunny unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap.
BHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth Bt.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER State House, 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; bathe; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transient sollc-
ltel; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE,
proprietor.
SUTTER. 114S— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
SUTTER, 650— Parlor floor; sunny; suitable for
physician; rent reasonable.
BUTTER, HM Nice front suites. $12 month:
single ryimy, $r>; very desirable neighborhood.
TAYLOR, 524 — Sunny corner suite on first floor,
with or without kitchen and dining-room; all
completely or partially furnished as de-
sired.
TI'.IIAMA, 740, near Ninth— Sunny furnished
r<M.ms, suitable fur married or single.
THIRD, 18 — First floor; 6 rooms; all or sepa-
rately.
TURK, 405 — Front sunny furnished rooms; $6
up; bath.
TURK, 533— Nice Bunny single and. double
rooms In private family. $6 month up.
ROOMS \..li BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful; first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirlus. 1505 Stockton: Kearny cars
ELLIS. MS Nicely furnished rooms; best
board; $5 per week.
PINE. 813, near Powell— Room, with board;
Spanish family.
PINE, 843, near Powell— Sunny room in refined
family; board optional.
EC UTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-Bt.
suites, with board for 2. $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
SUTTER, 1128— Changed hands; large sunny
rooms, also single rooms, with or without
board; home cooking and comforts. In private
house; rates to visitors.
SUTTER, 767— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric lights, bath, with board;
terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED!
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children
or lnTant. 3279 Seventeenth St., near Mleslon.
LADY would like children to board; good home
country-like; fine eggs. 912 Crescent aye.
JESSIE. £39— Good home for Infant or 1 or t
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 2?4'4 Rlxth «t.
STORES TO LET.
A— s2o; corner store, with living rooms; stable;
Eddy st., $12. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
HOWARD, 1802, corner Fourteenth— Store; 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
STORE, fixtures and 4 rooms. 23 Clementina
TO Let -First floor of building, 1010 Howard st..
Dear Sixth; 37:6x90 feet; 2 large lofts; suitable
for stable, milk depot, factory, storage, etc.
TO Let— Butcher shop, completely fitted: cor.
Cortland and Andover ayes. Apply 440 Cort-
land aye.
OFFICES TO LET.
SUNNY^corner rooms for offices. 672 Mission
at., cor. Third.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 679, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second floor; power available for straw
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
FOR ~SALE— MISCELLANEOUS^
BEAUTIFUL smooth-case, small-sized gent's
14-carat gold watch for $20, worth $60, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
Forr building* la excellent condition for sale,
to be removed, at the northwest cornor of
Jackson and Octavia sts. Inquire of F. O.
& E. K. PEARSON. 1231 Folsom st.
CAMPING wagon, and will build to order. 1634
Mission st.
LAUNDUY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
good*; new, M-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
NO. 3 Blake's improved steam pump, with
hand power attachment; suction pipe IV.
Inch; discharge IVi inches; complete; ready
for use. Address R-, box 3, Call office. Oak-
land.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth. ____^
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HOT-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. 514-516-518 Mission at.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
. building miterlal. 1124_Mlsslon; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
ORAPHOPHONEB, $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
lY'i.lectoPcope. $100- Baclgnlupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 10C3 Mission, near Seventh.
MARKE 1 " 4— Branch office of Thr Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work !
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 60; all j
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- |
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists— Full set of teeth, $5 up;
painless extraction; fillings, 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 969 Mla-
sion st., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extractlor and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Marker St., corner Sixth.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. i\
Stack, 14 McAllister st., room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unies3 successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For the repair of bituminous
rock pavements— Oflice of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and County
of San Francisco, June 8, IS'9B.
In accordance with resolution No. 1242 (fourth
series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
June 20, 18SS, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for repair-
ing and keeping in good order and condition,
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintendent
of Streets and of the Board of Supervisors, all
streets or portions of streets, including street
crossings and intersections, which are now or
may be hereafter paved with bituminous rock,
for a term of two {2) years from July 1, 1898,
to and Including June 30, 1900.
The repairs are to be made In strict accord-
ance with specifications on file and open for
Inspection In this office.
A list oi streets and street crossings, etc.,
now paved with bituminous rock, and which
will require to be kept in repair, as above
stated, is also on file and open for inspection
in this oflice, and afl streets or portions of
streets paved with bituminous rock and accept-
ed by the city and county, are Included .and
must be put in good condition and kept in
thorough repair, whether they are recited In
said list or not. All streets and street cross-
Ings enumerated In eald list must be put in
good repair and condition within a period of
three months from award of contract, and
must be kept in good repair until the expira-
tion of the contract; In addition to all streets
or portions of streets paved with bituminous
rock and accepted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of the contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond has been given and is in force for keep-
Ing the same In repair; alßo, those portions of
streets required by law to be kept In repair by
the street railway companies having tracks
thereon.
NOTlCE— Bidders must state a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the understanding that monthly payments
will be made therefor to the extent of ons-
twenty-fourth of the sum bid. on a certificate
from the Superintendent of Streets, approved
by the Board of Supervisors, that the work Is
being satisfactorily performed.
Bidders will also be required to file with
their bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysis and a sample of the bituminous rock to
be used in carrying out and performing the
work under this contract.
And It is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons .employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two ($2) dollars per day; also, thut the
amount of the bond to be given will not ba
less than one-half the amount bid for the per-
formance of this work.
No bid will be received or entertained from
any person, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully equipped plant sufficient for the
performance of this work.
The party to whom the contract is awarded
' will be required prior to or at the time of the
I execution of said contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice In three dally news-
papers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award, the board has resolved to re-
ceive no bldb unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five thousand ($3000) dol-
lars in favor of and made payable to the Clerk
of the board, must be deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned, If the proposal Is accepted and
the contract awarded, and if the bidder shall
fall or neglect to execute a written agreement
and give the bond required within six (6) days
after the award is made, then, and In that
case, the said sum shall be paid into the city
and county treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
i dated damages for eueh failure and neglect
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The board reserves the rlKht to reject all
bids If the public good so require
JN°- A. RUSSKLL, Cierk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS-PursuanTto^ari
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal Rohool of San Diego, California, no-
tice Is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24. IS9S, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.-
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parto of said
building, to wit: 1. For the n-.asonry work
including all brick, concrete ar.d cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
Ing: 2. for the Iron work; 3. for the carpenter
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4 for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5, for the
tinning and palvanlzed Iron work; 6, for
painting and vurnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
.-••'nncl that If his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter Into a proper con-
tract.
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and. together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed in
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of Ron Diego, v.-ith an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion
of the building Is covered by the Inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional I'.ank of San Diego, California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, 1898.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon will be made on
June 24, IS9B, at 10 o'clock a. m., at room 35
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of
his contract.
The plans and specifications of said build-
ing can be seen durtng business hours at the
office of Hebbnr* & Gill, architects, Grant
building, San Diepn, California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
By W. R. GUY. President Board Trustees.
Attest: KOBERT C. JONES. S-,-retary.
BIDS Wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at Its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, June 25, ISI*S, and opened Imme-
diately thereafter In the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies for the Veterans'
Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad station
Yountvllle), for the six months commencing
July 1. IS9B, and ending December 31, ]S:>B.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow tho conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less It is In accordance with such schedules.
Eaofa bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid. payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a pood and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids nnrl to order an>* quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, S. .etary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room iX, 320 Sansome
st., San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
TREASURY Department, Washington, D. C,
May 13, 1898— Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived at this department until 2 o'clock p.m..
Wednesday, June 22. 1898. for manufacturing
and placing In position in the United States
building, San Francisco, Cal., certain quar-
tered white oak furniture. Drawings, specifi-
cations and blank forms of proposal can be
obtained upon application to the custodian,
custom house, San Francisco, Cal. The right
to reject any and all bids, and to waive de-
fects, is reserved. Proposals should be ad-
dressed to the Secretary of the Treasury,
Washington, D. C., ami Indorsed: "Proposals
for Furniture, San Francisco, Cal." O. L.
BPAULiDING, Assistant St-cr.-tary.
PROPOSALS for Steam Coal— Office of the
Chief Quartermaster, Philippine Expedition-
ary Forces, room 107, Phelan building, San
Francisco, Cal., June 8, ISM.— Proposals will
be received until 1 o'clock p. m. Monday,
June 13, IS9H, and opened Immediately there-
after, for furnishing to the United States at
San Francisco, Cal., at Honolulu. Hawaiian
Itlands. and at Manila, Philippine Islands,
steam coal required for United K.tates trans-
port vessels. For further information apply
to the undersigned. The right is reserved to
accept or reject any or all proposals. W. A.
WADBWORTH. Major and Quartermaster,
United States Volunteers.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
4-ROOM cottage, nearly . new, for " sale cheap
on account of departure. H. NIERENDORF.
20 Joy at:,- near Brewster. Bernal Heights.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN— SSOOO; 155 acres 7 miles from Los
Gatos; 25 acres In choice fruit; 23 acres hay;
vineyard; pasture; abundant timber; springs;
rich soil . house, barn, farming tools, horses,
._■■ etc.; mortgage $2300; exchange for city or ad-
jacent property. R. S. FALCONER & CO..
; Enclnal Hall, Bay station, Alameda.
MILL Valley— For sale, house in a desirable lo-
catlon. Address box 377. Call office.
Oakland furnished . HOUSES.
I SUNNY 8-room house; central; nice grounds,
;; near trains; rent $50. Box D, Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms; * private boarding; large
grounds; centrally located; convenient to
trains; references. 914 Castro st.
ARLINGTON Hotel, Washington and Ninth
sts.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low summer rates.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNE. 662 Eighth St.
. OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE ladles' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills, 120 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE « - 1 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1100^OTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; close to
station and High School; street work,
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
Modern cottage and lot In good location;
any terms; snap.
$2200— T0 close an estate; fine modern cottage,
6 rooms; lot 60x140; best location; $1500 can
remain. . Bp*J»RWt-i-'» ~---'-*~
I — Modern colonial cottage, 8 rooms; corner
lot; good location: very easy terms.
i Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let In all parts of Alameda. ' . .
. H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
: " Alameda.
FOR sale — very cheap, a nice little home
of 5 rooms and bath; lot 37:6x100. 403 Exam-
iner building. - ' ■ • -
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FINE • 6-room cottage, all modern, good loca-
tion; rent $16. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St.,
Alameda. , '
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
— S-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137; constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
KREESE & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
_ place, opposite Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY^ROOMS
NICELY furnished sunny suits with good
board; plain cooking; $50 a month for two.
MRS. N. C. Berkeley. ■■/■-'■■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, Improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming imple-
ments; 6 acres < vines; balance, corn and
beans: cood road: near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, 153 Third.
FINE S. F. business property; part cash and
good home across bay. F. F., box 563, Call.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
: tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth.; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
ANY amount at $% per cent on real estate; 2d
and '3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., ' room 3.
MONEY loaned on office and household furni-
ture and pianos; 2 per cent. P. KELLY. Real
Estate & Money Broker, 461 9th st., Oakland.
Oakland.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell St.
' $100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10,-
1 000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 32S Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
, gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market St.
!ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
i ~ rates; no com.; private. 116 McAlllßter st. ■
i ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
| Subset lptlons and ads taken. ■■■■■-
PAWNBROKERS.
! BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy.
; MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
I when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules,. $1; i
every case guaranteed; consultation free and j
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments ised; guaranteed
cure at offle^ $3; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
5. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
j ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. IDA VIES,: 59 McAllister
St.; pills. $1; very strong, $2; cure,' $5. . |
; ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
1 tively safe : and , sure ; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box. sent free by
: mall on receipt of price; consultation' on: all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
>■ Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before- pur-
;i* chasing elsewhere write us. : .- :t: t ■•.:;. : " ]
■ NEW process; a great : progress .■ In '■ medical
science for. female trouble: no matter from
what cause; no medicine or • Instruments
. used; restores In ; one day without fall; every
woman her own physician; away, .disgrace:
consultation free; can 'be sent and . used at
home: by the well known DR.- POPPER. 318
Kearny St.. Call on a man physician. >
DR. WINTERS & Dr. Schwartz. 832 Castro cor.
; 7th, Oakland; reliable practitioners; home In
. confinement; guar"td: cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free. -
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 : Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, , with every
i comfort; i best care * and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into 'good homes.
I A BOON :to wives and mothers — Seguro; price
$1 60: RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro ' Manu-
1 facturing Co., 531. St., Sacramento, \ Cal. ■ _
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
• female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; 'don't delay, until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason st. : pri-
; vate home In confinement: competent physi-
c ians and nurses: trms. ■ reas. Powell-Bt. cars.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1020 Market
* Ft.; j monthly troubles, etc., cured ;at once. ..
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife: '■ home in ' confine-
- ment; confinement alone $5. 156 Second st.;, vS
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister : St.; diseases of
'; women and children.  • ,r,-'; -;r- ; ." : :-;
LADIES— Mrs.'- Dr. Puetz: Infallible, caf e rem-
: edies: 38 years' experience. 254*4 Fourth st.
LOST.
LOST— Saturday evening, between .- Six-
teenth and Kearny sts., lady's belt; gilt sil-
vered and green; keepsake; $1 reward. Card
'or call " at 6. Redwood court, Sixteenth and
Howard sts. . . ; '..;■; '-'■ ' ' ;
LOST— Diamond star ■■ setting • stud. ■. Return ■to
-. 1905 Point Lobos aye. ; reward. , : ,r , •
LOST— A pass-book with the • Hibernla Savings
- and •: Loan Society, of San Francisco, ' In ", the
name of i SARAH " CRQMPTON ; No. 223,349.
The finder will please return to bank. ■-. . ,■
LOST— A I pass-book .with the Hlbtrnla Savin,\s
M and Loan Society of San | Francisco, In I the
r name of HANNAH LONG; No. 179,914. The
.finder,, will, please return to bank. . : .■--.; ■ ■
LOPT— On - Point M, Lobos X aye., v near Fourth, '
..■' white > and . brown : fox . terrier. Reward :at 337
:.: Fourth ave.v- -.*.;* ' ': .'-. ■?■'■-• -•. .'::,'-.-■'■•;, -
LOST— A' pass book .with the Hlbernla Savings
•i and Loan .Society of San Francisco, in the
"■■■'. mmc of SAitAH ■ SMITH. No. .174,634. r The
'. ; finder will please return to bank. ;..:•■■
PERSONALS.
BRUNETTE boy and -. girl baby wanted for
adoption In a good home. MRS. DR. FUNKE.
1416 Eighth St., Alameda. - ' . .;^^ -
MATRIMONY^^ J.__ „ _j
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— legimate matri-
) monial assn. west of i_uicago; details free.
MARRY— refunded If not suited within
6 months; send 12c for monthly matrimonial -
! paper and special terms. Address "WEDDING
BELL." 111 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal
. ...'■':. 'BUSINESS 1 ERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for Instance, on a $20 suit.
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
MY artists give the most careful attention to
each and all who come; hair dressing 253
only; good switches, $1; best, finest quality,
$3 50; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
APPLY Quinonia to the roots of the hair. O.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
GET a first-class shave at the lady barber's,
316 Third st. •- ■ - '
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
MAGICAL performances given lor all occasions:
magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY, 308 Sixth.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. .Alameda,
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
BAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
;■-, SEWING MACHINES. ;
AUTOMATIC Domestic Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission si.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. - y
TO LEASE.
TO LET— Academy Hall, corner ■ Mission and
Mary sts.; remodeled- and refurnished. Apply
on the premises or L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay.
BIRTHS— DEATHS. ;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence Of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. ':'-.■{
BESTHORN— In this city, June J. 1898, to th«
wife of Charles Besthorn, a son.
EHRHARDT— In this city, May 25, 1898, to th»
wife of L. Ehrhardt, a daughter.
~~~~ ~~ DIED.
Anderson, Ernest E. Keller, Charles E.
Brindeau. Almire A. Larsen-Spanggord, L.
Bate, Georgiana McCarty, Cornelius
Delucchl, Vittorio Miller, -Mary
Foley, James i Merithew, Jacob M.
Fonzo, Mary I*. Reynolds, Ann
Flood, H. S. Salbergr, Moses
Galvin, Margaret Sullivan. Timothy
Jarrett, Montague E. Wulbern, Henry
Wright, Ada E.
ANDERSON— In this city, June 11. 189?, Ernest
Edward, beloved husband of Josephine Ander-
son, a native of Stockholm, Sweden, aged 53
years 1 month and 17 days.
(C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
BRINDEAU— In this city, June 12, 1898, Al-
mire Adrien Brindeau, a native of France,
aged 75 years 10 months and 26 days.
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgom-
ery avenue.
BATE— In this city, June 11, 1898, Georgiana,
dearly beloved daughter of V. W. and Jo-
hanna Bate, a native of San Francisco, aged
6 years and 6 months.
DELUCCHI— the City and County Hospital,
June 12, 1898, Vittorio Delucchi, a native of
Italy, aged 32 years.
FOLEY— In this city, June 12. IS9S, James, be-
loved husband of Mary Foley, dearly beloved
father of Mrs. E. McNeil, and beloved grand-
father of .Mrs. J. LarrfChe. Mrs. • C. Lam-
burth. Miss Irene, Andrew. Frank, Alex-
ander and Donald McNeil, a native of
County Wexford, Ireland, aged 70 years.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1735 Fifteenth avenue south. South
San Francisco, thence to All Hallows'. Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for ■ the repose or nis soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FONZO— In Oakland, June 11, 1893, Mary
Louisa, beloved wife of A. F. Fonzo. a na-
tive of New York State, aged 27 years. 3
months and 12 days'.
[^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence", 704 Nineteenth street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
FLOOD— In' this city, June 12, IS9S, H. S.,
father of Harry, George and Agnes Flood,
aged 61 years.
GALVIN— In this city. June 11, 1898, Margaret,
beloved wife of Michael Galvin, and dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. Mary Kamena. a na-
tive of County Clare, Ireland, aged 57 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
(ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend -the funeral this day
(Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 11 Lucky street, off Twenty-fourth, be-
tween Folsom street and Treat avenue, thence
to St. Peter's Church, where a solemn re-,
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. __
JARRETT— this city, June 11. IS9B, Mon-
• tague E. W.i beloved husband of Esther Jar-
rett. father of Stephen. Mervyn. Grace and
Esther Jarrett. and son-in-law of W. B.
Duncan, a native of England, aged 33 years
3 months and 25 days. . ■.-:-.-•_
KELLER— At Kellers ranch. Contra Costa
County June 10, 1898, Charles Edward Kel-
ler beloved father of Mrs. Katie Keller and
" Lena Keller, a native of Germany, aged 57
years 4 months and 24 days.
rrrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows-
Hall corner Eleventh and Franklin streets.
Oakland Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery Services under the auspices of Oak-
land Lodge No. US, I. O. O. F.. and Oak
Leaf Lodfe No. 35, A. O. U. W. Remains at
' the parlors of «enry Evers, 865 Washington
street. Oakland. * ■
LARSEN-SPANGGORD-In Oakland. Laurits,
Infant son of Pauline and . S. B. I^rsen- .
Spanggord, a native of Oakland, ased 21
McCARTY-In this city, . June 12. IS9B. Come*-
* lius W., beloved. husband of Annie T. Mc-
Carty. and father of George, Walter , and
Rose McCarty, a native of New York, aged
3S years 5 months and 4 days. / .' .
Notice of funeral in Tuesday mornings
MILLER-In this city. June 11. 1893. Mary, be-
loved wife of Robert Miller, a^ native _of
Philadelphia, aged 57 years. (Philadelphia
and Marysville papers please copy.)
rrrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). at 8:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 188 Noe street, thence to Mission Do-
lores 'Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be held for the repose of her soul, com-
■ mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Marysville.
MERITHEW— In the City and County Hospi-
■ tal June 12. IS9B. Jacob . Myer Merithew. a
native of Pennsylvania, : aged 76 years. . : .-
REYNOLDS— In this city, June 12. 1898, Ann
Reynold?, beloved mother of Mrs. MA.
Cachot, Mrs. D. G. Davis and Mrs. John Mc-
: Henry. •■ ■;■'.■•■'■■
- O-Notlce of funeral hereafter.
SALBERG— this city, June 11. 1898, Moses,
beloved husband of Nellie Salberg, a na-
tive of Germany. _^
ITT Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Monday), at 10:15
o'clock from his late residence. 1311 Octavia
street. Interment private. Please omit flow-
SULLIVAN— In this city. June 11. 1898, Tim-
othy beloved husband of the late Johanna
Sullivan and father of Daniel Matthew.
Timothy J.. Julia, Margaret and James Sul-
livan, Mrs. F. Norton and Mrs. F. Querren.
a native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 59
;' ■ jryFriends and acquaintances and members
•of Franklin Lodge No. 44 A. O. U. W.. are
respectfully invited to .attend , the funeral,
this day (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his ;
late residence. 538 Linden avenue, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, at 9; o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. , ";
WULBERN— Oakland. June 11, 1898, Henry
Wulbern, brother of Christopher Wulbern.
and' uncle of Dledrich Wulbern,- a native ; of "
Bremervoerde, , Germany, aged 69 : years. A
'member of the Hanoverian Verein. - :-~t2fe*."*£
1 Friends and " acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11 " o'clock, from the parlors . of '
Henry Evers.' B63 Washington street. ■ Oakland.
Interment Mountain View \ Cemetery.
WRIGHT— : this city, June ' 12, MS9B, ' Ada r E. .
.- Wright, Smother of Mrs. L.-Greata. a native
: of Philadelphia, .'aged. s7 years. -
'^^^^^_^_^^_^^^_._ _.„,, wn>— — u_^_^^^_~^
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, B
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3 I
' '" : fcti ill TH ST., Opp. Lincoli School. |
- r '■'•■' ' Telephone, South S3. I '
,r .H. B. m'avoy. Manager.
McAVOY. <fc CO., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER*
tßffi 1235 Market St.. between Bth and »th.vxaa|
— Telephone. South 247. ' •- -- |
910
TO SPREAD
THE GOSPEL
OF CHRIST
Eminent Divines Here
for the Cause.
THE CHRISTIAN ALLIANCE.
ITS CONFERENCE IS TO CON
TINUE THBEE DAYS.
Noble Aims of the Organization Set
Forth by Pulpit Orators — Great
Work Being Accom
plished.
-•■ lerles of lnter-denomlnational confer
ences of the Christian and Missionary al
liances began at the United Presbyterian
Church, Golden Gate avenue and Polk
street, yesterday at 11 a. m., and included
an afternoon and evening session. It is
probably the most important movement
of the kind that has taken place on the
Pacific Coast by reason of the fact that
it is attended by the foremost Christian
workers in the country. Among them are
the Rev. A. B. Simpson, D.D., the founder
of the Alliance; Dean A. C. Peck, field
superintendent; Rev. W. A. llyland, na
tional organizer; Rev. Mr. Lelacheur,
superintendent of the Alliance missions In
China, and the famous pulpit orator. Rev.
John Robertson, D.D., of Glasgow, Scot-
The objects of this great and worthy I
organization are to arouse Christians to j
Sweater efforts toward promoting not only
the spiritual welfare of their fellow-men I
around them, but the benighted in pagan j
lands; to promote a deeper spiritual Ufa \
among its members as well as all Chris
tians throughout the world. In this the
organization has been highly successful,
having by collections and appeals to re- i
ligious conventions maintained over 300 j
missionaries at work in all parts of the j
globe. As an evidence of Key. Dr. Simp- |
son's power as an orator it may be stated ;
that on one occasion at a great camp- |
meeting In the East he obtained over I
$100,000 in money and jewels to be used in
the cause.
~~e morning attendance was not as
large as expected, but crowded churches
are expected to be the rule at the suc
ceeding meetings. Rev. Mr. Robertson
preached the sermon, taking as his text
the following, "This is a faithful saying
worthy of all acceptance, that Jesus
Christ came into the world to save sin
ners, of whom I am one." The discourse
was clear, forceful and eloquent on the line
cf th.-> text, and a stirring appeal to the
unsaved as well as to those who were not
gimng in their convictions or weak in the
exhibition thereof.
In the afternoon there were music, a
prayer by the pastor. Rev. Mr. Frazer,
followed by a sermon by Dean Peck. The
gentleman has a striking presence and a
convincing way of illuminating his argu
ments which is pleasing and effective.
He gave the "milk-and-water, namby
pamby Christians" some hard raps, and
urged them to arouse from their lethargy
and uselessness, to the end that they
might not only save their own souls but
do something for their fellows. The ex
ample given his auditors was the match
less life of Paul of Tarsus, from which he
drew many beautiful illustrations of his
declaration that to be a Christian one
"must know Christ."
The evening session was addressed by
the same speakers on similar lines. To
day and evening Rev. Drs. Robinson and
Simpson will conduct the services and a
large attendance should result. There will
be three days of the conference, and these
eminent workers will then devote the
same time to Oakland at Asbury church.
Among the subjects to be discussed are:
"The Ministry of Prayer." "God's Callß
and Our Responsibility in Relation to Mis
sionary Work at Home and Abroad "
"The Place Held by Divine Healing In the
Economy of Grace," and "The Believer's
Privilege in Christ."
The conferences are under the auspices
of the Northern California branch of the
alliance.
MISSION OF AMERICA.
An Address by Rev. Charles Locke
Before the Y. M. C. A.
Rev. Charles Edward Locke delivered
a lecture before the Young Men's Chris
tian Association yesterday afternoon on
"The Mission of America. " After tracing
the history of the country from its dis
covery to the present day and showing
that the great principles of freedom and
liberty pervaded all the signal struggles
of, our people, ho said: "To-day we face
a heavier responsibility than at any time
since the war of 1861. We have again
discovered that God has something for
us to do. We have not merely to re
lieve the sufferings of a few reconcen
trados but to breathe the spirit of liberty
to a people who have been buried under
the iron hoof of medievalism and stagna
tion. We must breathe the spirit of free
dom to the people who live in the Pacific
Isles and to those of the Atlantic This
is our mission, as it has been since the
beginning of our progressive Govern
ment.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OF jj|| PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Cloak and Suit Department
OUR REGULAR
CLEARANCE SALE!
AN OPPORTUNITY to purchase the latest styles of Tailor Made
Suits, Imported Costumes, Jackets, Capes and Dress Skirts at tm
MEXSELY REDUCED PRICES WITHOUT RESERVE. '
We Will Quote a Few of the Extra Values We Are Offering-
TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, all silk lined, at $10 50-former
price $13 60.
High Grade BLACK KERSEY CLOTH JACKET. aU silk lin*d ,t
919 50-former price $25. ' " nea< at
TAILOR MADE SUIT, Russian Blouse style, braid trimmed at »1« KO
—former price $20. '
TAILOR MADE SUIT, Russian Blouse style, In Navy, Brown Black and
Green Serge, braid trimmed, at 911 50— former price $15*
TAILOR MADE REEFER SUITS, in all colors of Scree ' ekirt ur>A
Jacket lined with striped silk, at $13 50— former price $18
PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED.
3UIT AND CLOAK DEPARTMENT,
MILLINERY DEPARTMENT,
LINGERIE DEPARTMENT
AND CURTAIN DEPARTMENT
ON SECOND FLOOR. «iimn±.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARISIRTGOOOrCOMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
THROWN IN
JAIL FOR
VAGRANCY
Police Officer O'Calli
han's Blunder.
ARRESTS A DECENT WOMAN
MBS. HENDERSON SEIZED ON
HEB WAY HOME.
Judge Conlan, on learning of Her
Sad Predicament, at Once Orders
Her Belease From Cus
tody.
Policeman M. O'Callihan of the South
ern Station will In all probability have to
answer to a charge of unofflcer-like con
duct at the next meeting of the Police
Commissioners.
Late Saturday night he arrested a re
spectable, middle-aged woman, one Mrs.
Henderson, and charged her with va
grancy. Police Judge Conlan, who is ac
quainted with the woman, on learning of
her arrest last night, at once ordered her
release on her own recognizance.
According to the story of the unfortu
nate woman, she was walking along Ste
venson street, and when within a few feet
of her home she was arrested by O'Calli
han, who asked her where she was going.
She replied that she was on her way
home, whereupon the officious policeman
placed her under arrest. Despite her en
treaties to release her O'Calllhan marched
her to the nearest patrol box, where he
sent in a call for the wagon. A few min
utes later the woman was placed in the
wagon and driven to the City Prison,
where she was charged with vaeroacy.
Yesterday afternoon an attorney named
Comyn vis"ited the prison, and recogniz
ing Mrs. Henderson, with whom he is ac
quainted, asked her the cause of her de
tention. After listening to her story he
immediately hunted up Judge Conlan, to
whom he told the circumstances of the
v.oman's arrest. The Judge was indig
nant when he learned of the policeman's
mistake, and at once issued an order for
Mrs. Henderson's release.
To a reporter Mrs. Henderson 6aid she
was a dressmaker and had worked for a
number of years as such in Judge Con
lan's family.
"Last Saturday." she tearfully re
marked, "I received a note from Mrs. Mc-
Donald, who lives on Fourteenth street,
asking me if I could spare a day to make
a dress for her daughter. I went to her !
house immediately after receiving the
note, and remained there until after 10
o'clock in order to finish the dress. I
then took a Mission-street car and alight
ed at Fourth street. After I had reached
Stevenson street I walked down that >
thoroughfare on my way home. When I •
was within a few feet of my house I was I
accosted by the policeman who arrested
me. He asked me where I was going, and
when I replied he grabbed me by the
arm and half dragged me to the nearest
patrol-wagon box. I have always been a j
hard-working woman, and can prove it
by Judge Conlan and his family. I intend j
to make this officer suffer just to show !
him that he cannot arrest a respectable j
woman simply because she happens to be j
out late.
REV. EDWARDS DAVIS
ON "WAR IS HELL"
SENSATIONAL PREACHER HAS
ONLY SIXTY-SIX AUDITORS.
He Varies His Discourse With Up
to-Date Slang and Low Com
edy That Earns Ap
plause.
The Rev. Edwards Davis, whose eccen
tricities as a clergyman are familiar to
the bay cities, delivered the second of his
series of "sermons" at Metropolitan
Temple last evening to an audience of
sixty-six people, of whom five were re
porters. This is quite an increase over
the attendance of last Sunday.
His subject was announced as being
"War Is Hell," with apologies to General
Sherman, and he on that line advocated
tne policy of sheathing the sword and
waging the war of mind over evil.
While believing the present con
flict with Spain was Inevitable, he
declared that the great battles that
must eventually be fought by this
country would be internal — that of
the masses against the classes; of intelli
gence against the oppression of religion.
He thought, notwithstanding his personal
attitude, that there was not enough free
dom of thought and action in America.
The discourse was in some parts
thoughtful and Interesting, but discon
nected and interspersed wjlh low comedy
digressions the reception or which by the
audience showed that he is regarded as a
much better actor In the monologue class
than preacher. The latest current slang
seems to come naturally to him, and
there is no fault to find with his art in
handling dialect. During his remarks the
speaker expressed some very disagreeable
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONT) AT, JUNE 13, 1898,
opinions of that class of the community
which does not agree with his religious
views or principles.
The most entertaining part or the
Bennon was Mr. Davis' description of how
it had taken him five years. to learn that
the leading magazine publishers of the
world did not regard him as a poet. He.
however, still clings to the idea that he
was born with the divine gift, although
a prominent critic in this city had pro
nounced him "the worst pon in recorded
history." What there was of the "ser
mon" was the reiteration that man must
first conquer himself, conform to God's
laws, and "then he can be properly per
mitted " said Mr. Davis, "to resort to the
language of Mr. "Vanderbilt when he said
Mr. Davis announced another discourse
for next Sunday evening.
TO-MORROW SACRED TO THE FLAG
The Call's suggestion that to-morrow be generally celebrated as the 121 st anniversary of the birth of the
American flag has been generally seconded by patriots all over the State. The schools will quite generally observe
the day, and it is evident that thousands of private and public houses in this city will be decorated in honor of
the birth of Old Glory.
Speaking of the movement yesterday, the Very Rev. Father Frendergast said: "I am heartily in favor of the
movement. It is a fine thing to remember the birthday of the flag and to do anything good in the way of enkind
ling memories of its origin. This country Is a land of religious and political freedom, and we need often to recur to
tho fact that the flag is for all, and that it is not the purpose of the founders of the Government to favor any
thing narrow. If nouses are decorated and citizens wear the emblem of freedom on their breasts it is a sign that
the spirit of liberty still lives and is welcome to the people of this city and State, as well as all over the United
States. It is a good idea for the young as well as the old to remember the lessons of the flag, that the spirit of
freedom may not die in this day and generation."
Aside from the general observance of the day in a quiet way It is quha likely that there will be special exer
cises commemorative of the flag, and its lessons In the schools of the city and elsewhere. i
Everybody who can buy or borrow a flag ought to have one in evidence to-morrow. Let the presence- of the
flag be so universal .that all will recognize the fact that there is a hearty patriotism in the hearts of the masses.
There was a flag presentation at Presentation Convent, Taylor and Ellis streets, yesterday, which was char
acterized by such patriotism as should mark the conduct of good citizens to-morrow.
To-morrow will be the 121 st anniversary of the birth of the American flag. It is also the day when a num
ber of young ladles will graduate at the convent mentioned. However, as they had made a beautiful bunting flag
nine by fifteen feet, they presented It to the sisters yesterday. The ceremonies were impressive and beautiful.
The presentation speech was by Miss M. B. Mulcare, and was as follows:
Beloved Mother Superior: I have the honor to address you in behalf of my sister graduates of the class of "98, on a subject
which we trust will meet with your approbation — that of allowing: us to place Old Glory over our beloved Alma Mater where
wo have ever been taught that love of God and love of country are so closely united that one cannot exist without the other.
You In your cloistered home can scarcely realize the nature of our request. We would prove to the people of San Fran
cisco and to all who may visit the city of the GoM»n West, that the accusation of want of patriotism In Catholic schools is
a gross calumny: that the pupils of this and like Institutions are taught to hold In greatest veneration their country's flag, and
to give. If necessary, their very heart's blood in defense of their country's honor.
But, dear Sisters, this Is not our only reason. The class of '98. with deep affection, wishes to present you with Old Glory
as a parting gift— a slight token of the intense gratitude they feel for your untiring zeal and devotion during their happy school
days. Accept it. then, dear Mother Superior, and may It ever float with honor over our beloved convent home. May the
breezes which shall gently sway It to and fro undor the blue canopy make its stars shine brighter and Its crimson stripes more
glorious. And when the brave boys of the First rrturn with laurels to their California homes we shall all meet again to
place one more star upon the azure blue of our country's glorious flag.
The following programme was rendered at the convent during the afternoon:
Grand chorus (class of f 9B-'99), "Our Flag" ; owning address. Miss M. Carter; duet (two pianos), "Union," Misses Byrne,
Montgomery, Wagner, Cavanagh; vocal solo, "The Star Spangled Banner." Miss Cavanagh: instrumental music, "Love's Dream
After the Ball," Misses Byrne, Q. Montgomery, Mulcara, Cavanagh, Wagner, Flatley, Carter, Druby, B. Montgomery, H.
Kearney (pianos, guitars, mandolins, banjo autoharp pianos recitation, "The Flag." Miss Q. Montgomery; chorus, "Freedom
Forever"; presentation of flag, Miss M. B. Mulcare; acceptance of flag In the name of the sisters, Very Rev. J. Prendergast:
remarks. Colonel Sullivan; hoisting of flag; grand chorus by League of tho Cross Cadets.
Rev. Father Prendergast's address was an eloquent recital of the higher grounds of patriotism. Among other
things he said that all the heroes were not those who went on the field of battle with sword and gun. He said there
were thousands of old soldiers who would bear testimony to the fact that the work done by sisters on the field of
battle as well as among the orphans and the needy was as heroic as any done on the field where men fall amid
shot and shell.
Colonel William P. Sullivan Jr. made an able address on behalf of the military department of the country
He said that the country's war at piesent was a most just one. Heroes in and out of the church were rushing to
the front to offer their lives for the land they love. He had' noticed that none of the A. P. A. crowd were very
conspicuous. He thought they had possibly got alarmed and gone to Canada.
After the ceremonies In the convent there was a beautiful scene in tho garden. The handsome flag was
raised amid cheers. Every man took off his hat, and the League of the Cross Cadets of Company A saluted af
ter which the choir of young ladies sang "The Star Spangled Banner" in a touching way. Three cheers were then
given for the flag, after which the company dispersed.
"The Star Spangled Banner" was the subject of a very patriotic sermon yesterday morning by Rev Mr Morn
land of St. Luke's Episcopal Church, corner of Van Ness Avenue and Clay stre?t. Among the congregation weie
the officers and quite a number of men of the two battalions of the First Regiment of North Dakota volunteers
to whom the sermon was of special Interest, as Colonel Peake, commanding their regiment, is the son of a former
rector of this parish.
"Thou hast given a banner to them that f>ar Thee, that it may be displayed because of the truth " was Rev
Mr. Moreland's text, taken from the sixtieth psalm, fourth verse. The anniversary of the adoption of the «?tnra
and stripes will be celebrated next Tuesday, and the historical sketch given by Mr. Moreland was, therefore very
timely. ■ ' *
"He must be cold indeed who can look upon the folds of our flag rippling in the breeze, without Drid« of
country," said the speaker. "If seen in foreign lands the flag is companionship and like a hand stretched mil
from home. Who can think of it as representing a single State? It is the image of a whole nation It has
been called 'a floating piece of poetry.' The very colors have a language— the white for purity the red for Ln ,
and the blue for justice. The flag stands for freedom, but not for lawlessness." >aior,
Rerv. Mr. Moreland seemed to take much pride in stating the fact that Francis Scott Key author nt +*,»• -~
of "The Star Spangled Banner," was an Episcopalian. * ' ttuinor or the song
SOLEMNIZATION OF
CORPUS CHRISTI
IMPRESSIVE SERVICE IN THE
CATHOLIC CHURCHES.
Th© Object of the Feast and Its
Origin — Forty Hours' Devotion
at the Cathedral.
The feast of Corpus Christi was cele
brated In the Catholic churches through
out the city yesterday with special and
Impressive solemnity.
The celebration, which has it origin in
the institution of the Eucharist the night
before the death of Christ (Holy Thurs
day)! is deferred from special observance
from holy week until the first Sunday
after Pentecost that k might be more fit
tingly celebrated. The ceremony is es
sentially a work of the church. In the
thirteenth century there was only one
Eucharistic feast, that of Holy Thursday.
In 1246, however, a special feast was es
tablished in honor of the Eucharist. A
sacred bull was issued by Pope Urban IV
and subsequently confirmed by Clement
V, commanding the celebration of a spe
cial feast on the Thursday fonowing the
first Sunday of Pentecost. The day,
however, has been changed from Thurs
day to Sunday for observance and Is no
longer one of the holy days of obligation
in the Catholic Church.
The services yesterday at St. Mary's
Cathedral were doubly Impressive, as
combined with the celebration of Corpus
Chrlstl was the observance of the forty
hours' devotion. Solemn high mass was
solemnized at 11 o'clock by the Rev.
Father Hannigan, assisted by Father
Ramm as deacon and Father Dempsey
as sub-deacon. An eloquent sermon on
the subject of the Holy Eucharist and
the object of the celebration of its in
stitution as a special feast was delivered
by the Rev. J. Prendergast.
Immediately after mass a procession of
little children was formed and led through
the aisles of the church by the clergy,
th© brothers from the Sacred Heart Col
lege and fifty acolytes.
The celebration of the forty hours' do
votion will continue until to-morrow
morning, when It will be concluded with
a solemn high mass. There will be spe
cial devotion this evening, consisting of
the recital of the rosary, benediction and
a sermon. During the entire ceremony
the sacred host will be exposed in the
monstrance over the tabernacle of the
high altar.
At St. Ignatius Church solmen high
mass was observed In the morning at
10:30 o'clock, followed In the evening by
the solemnization of high vespers and a
procession of the priests, brothers and
representatives from the various sodalities
of the church.
At the Metropolitan Temple to-night
Professor Windsor will commence his
series of free lectures on phrenology. He
will make public examinations each night*
PRINTERS DECLARE
THE STRIKE OFF.
RESCIND THE ACTION TAKEN
AGAINST MANY FIRMS.
Hard Times and a Desire to Benefit
Sympathetic Employers Re
sponsible.
Workers in the printing trades who for
ten weeks past have been out on strike
against a number of printing offices which
refused to grant the nine-hour work day,
yesterday determined to acceed to the de
mands of the employers and labor an
hour longer, or ten hours a- day. This
action was determined upon by the Typo :
graphical Union at a meeting held at 32
O'Farrell street, and many trades unions
that held meetings in the same building
but in adjoining halls agreed upon a
similar course.
For ten weeks the printers held out
against the employers and refused to
rescind their action declaring a strike
against those who refused to grant the
P' n e-nour day. The offices against which
tne strike was made, however, managed
to do a small business with the aid of
non-union printers. They manifested no
weakness in spirit, and as large benefit
funds had to be paid out to the striking
printers who knew no other way of mak
ing a living except by their trade, it was
thought best to declare the strike off. By
the action of the union yesterday, how
ever, it is almost certain that all those
who went out on strike will again find
employment in the offices they deserted.
All the establishments which recognized
the rights of their employes and ran on a
nine-hour basis will now go back to the
old-time schedule of ten hours. A vote of
thanks will be forwarded to them for
their action in shortening the time of
labor during the strike. To-day the
printers will return to their cases, but if
perchance some are refused employment
the union will pay them benefits until the
hard times have passed.
A JEWELER'S STORE ROBBED.
A Bold Burglar Plays Havoc With
Hertz's Valuables.
A bold burglary was committed Satur
day night in J. Hertz's jewelry store at
134 Second street.
Shortly after 10 o'clock a special police
officer saw two men leaving the place,
but thinking they were employed by
Hertz he allowed them to get away with
out attempting to question them. When
the proprietor visited the store yesterday
morning he discovered that an entrance
had been effected and various articles of
jewelry taken. He at once informed Po
lice Officer Orr, whose beat is on Seco.nd
street, and the latter proceeded to make
an investigation. After an examination
of the premises the policeman found that
the burglars had first entered the house
adjoining and were forced to scale a high
board fence in order to reach the jew
elry store. While one of them apparently
kept watch the other, with the aid of a
Jimmy, broke the lock.
He then entered the store and helped
himself to a miscellaneous assortment of
watches and chains and about 100 valu
able stones.
Charged With Burglary.
J. D. McCarthy, an old blacksmith, was
arrested yesterday by Special Officer
Fitzgerald on the charge of breaking into
the basement of a house on First street
and stealing an empty demijohn, a small
basket and a roll of butter and some oth
er provisions. McCarthy said that the
lady of the house gave him the articles
as he was hungry and asked her for
something to eat. This explanation did
not satisfy the special officer, so he ar
rested the old man for burglary.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLORED
DRESS
GOODS!
FIVE SPECIAL VALUES!
25 pieces 46-incf} FRENCH POPLINS, in
Blues, Greens, Browns and Grays.
SI. 2 5 Yard.
18 pieces FANCY FRENCH ARMURES, full
45 inches wide, in the very Fatest
colorings.
SL2S Yard.
35 pieces FRENCH COVERT SUITING, in a
large variety of new njixtures, goods
45 inches in width.
$1.00 Yard.
100 pieces 42-incb FRENCH SERGE, all
new colorings and warranted pure
wool.
35C Yard.
150 pieces Best Quality ALL-WOOL ENG-
LISH MOREENS in 35 new shades.
50C Yard,
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE~6OODS.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET
QpLOBEJRQ
BQWEN
Shipments to Yosemlte or Santa
Cruz mountains or Shasta or any
where go promptly and packed to
arrive whole.
Our experience will help you.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Blltter, regularly 40c square }%C
It's good, you may depend upon it
O X Bourbon whiskey— G &Co
regularly $1 bottle 3 bottles $2
",■ 4 gallon . 3
Good for all purposes for which
pure whiskey is useful
Coffee— blend \ 3OC
regularly 35c Ib roast or ground 2 lbs 35c
Coffee is bought a great deal upon the
reputation of the house; that's why
we sell so much '
Almonds— 4OC
regularly 50c lb— shelled
Lard— -Sea Foam
reg'ly 3lb tin slb tin 10 lb tin
. ' 35c 55C $1
special )oc 5 0C 9°c
Our word for its purity
Lemons— regularly 25c dozen I£C
Take some lemons and sugar along
for lemonade at the picnic
Ripe Olives— 25c quart 2OC
They »re served after the fish as an appetizer
■nd no dinner Is complete without this highly
prized delicacy
What wit Is to conversation, flavor Is to food:
wit enlivens the discourse, flavor delights the
palate Quality, not quantity, being the rule.
FigS— spiced. 2£C
0 regularly 30c quart •..
If you've never eaten these figs you
don know how good they are
Port and* Sherry-imported
regularly $1 bottle 3 bottles $2
, For convalescents and for pleasure
Toilet paper re M y $I.so down $i .10
1000 sheets in each package
We recommend it
SpOngeS— regularly 15c lOC
For bath and toilet— not very big, but
fit the hand nicely
Perfumery— regularly $1.15 c^c
Crown Perfumery. Co of London
Extract— assorted odors— quality
one bottle in pretty box
Pinafld's eau de quinine Is still 65c but
won't be so long on account of revenue tax
Mail orders entitled to these prices If posted not
later than Wednesday : ,
432 Pine 215 Sutter »800 California San Francisco
in-=; Clay between Fleventh and Twelfth Oakland
000 0000 000000 00000
S w PALACE Wo
% GRAND
o . SAN FRANCISCO. Q
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohad. JJ
O •*■«• UITOBR ONI MAKIOI*" 1 °
O'-* : ' ;■ NOTE THE PRICES: . ;•■: '■■■X-IO
O European Plan.* 1.00 per day and upward q
American Plan. » 3. OO per day and upward ~
©: - .-'■; ■-■:- Correspondenre i Solicited. ;, [■'.■ O -
O JOHN 0. XIKKPATEICI, M»n»g«f. O
o 00000 0 00 00000 00 o
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD ? - USB i DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
; great ■: Mexican s remedy ; ; give* > health i and
strentth to the sexual organ*. v. -■- t. ■•.■•„
GREAT FORCED SALE
AT
-«PLA«CTION
Of GENUINE ANTIQUE
■ - " '
Rare DTTPC
ORIENTAL XlUvJr^
ONLY TWO DAYS!
. -■ ...'.■ ....... ... ... ■• .... ,: ■ a ...
TO-DAY, Monday, June 13, and TO-MORROW
AT 1 P. M. AT
106-108 GRANT AVENUE.
■
The entire stock must be Bold out at any
sacrifice before Mr. Lena Babayan leaves the;
city.
(C?\ The Rugs of this collection are not
trade-made goods, bought In a lump, but each
of them Is a picked, home-made article, gen-
uine antique, that cannot be procured now.
This Is an extraordinary opportunity to bay
at your own price. H. H. REED, Auctioneer.
Beware of Imitations
MUM BONC/*'i SONS, ABt«T», NEW VOMC
( when "unwell," for pains, obstructions, ;
:{■ and irregularities peculiar to the sex.^, '
Recommended by the leading French
Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe-
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and Injurious
drugs. One bottle of Apioline Capsules '
lasts three months. « Sold by all druggists,
or by mail, $r. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office
DR.M9NULTY.
THISi WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLtt
Spw-lalist PrlTate^fervons,Blood and Bkla
■ Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restore.!. Over I
20 rears' experience. Send for Book, Patienta
fi e ..SUl 01 ?S\- Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to»
dally ;6;30 to 8.30 er'irs. Sundays, 10 to 1?. Consult*. '
; clou free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
o^ IP. ROSCOE MeNlTlYJrr, m. !>., •
»«J6 Keainy Street- Kan I'ranciuo. C%fc
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNSY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, • Claufc Spreckala Bl'dK-
•■• ■•:■■•. ; = Telephone Brown »Mv ~*f
_Re«idenoa. - 821 / California : street, . btlon
I Powell. , Baa Francisco. r T ..."* w^