VOLUME LXXXk.-/O. 165.
MILITIA AND
POLICE RULE
WILMINGTON
But the Race War Is
Not Over.
AN UNRULY NEGRO SLAIN
BED SHIBTS THREATEN TO
LYNCH BLACK PBISONEBS.
Tolbert Takes a Trip to Washington
and Is Trying to Have Fed
eral Troops Sent to Quell
Disturbances.
Srecljd Dispatch to The Call.
WILMINGTON, N. C. Nov. 11.—Com
parative quiet has reigned here to-day.
The guards shot one unruly negro In a
negro slum of the city this morning. A
sensation was created by the capture
of J. R. Melton, late Chief of Police, by
a crowd of Rough Riders, who would
have committed violence had not the
military interfered, and at 9 o'clock
Melton, R. H. Bunting, Republican Jus
tice of the Peace, and C. H. Gilbert. ex-
Fusion policeman, all of whom are in
danger of severe treatment by Red
Shirts, were escorted to the depot and
sent out of town.
Eight negroes in the County Jail
whom the Red Shirts and Rough Riders
had threatened to lynch were sent to
Goldsboro this morning for safe keep-
Ing. These were arrested during the
rioting Thursday. The city is now un- j
der thorough military and police pro- i
tection, and there is every indication j
that no further outbreaks are expected. ;
TOLBERT LAfS THE
BLANk ON DEMOCRATS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— R. R. Tol
bert, whose father and brother were
shot in the recent rare war at Phoenix,
S. C, was at the Department of Justice
to-day to secure an investigation by the
Federal authorities. He was accom
panied by some of the Republican poli- I
ticiar.s of the State. The elder Tolbert I
is now in the State penitentiary for i
safety from popular violence.
-Mr. Tolbert says that the true facts
of the rioting have not been given. The
facts are. he Raid, as follows:
"I was nominated for Congress by
the Republicans of my district. For the |
purpose of making a contest before the
House my brother, T. P. Tolbert, agreed !
to be present at the polling place at j
Phoenix for the purpose of witnessing I
the affidavits of colored men who were j
rejected as voters because of their in- j
ability to comply with the requirements j
of the constitution.
"My brother took no part in the man
agement of the polling place, which
was in the hands of the Democrats.
He simply sat on the piazza of Mr.
Lake's house and witnessed the atn
davits given him, depositing the affi
davits in a box prepared for the pur
pose.
"Mr. Etheridge, the white man who
was killed, was an election manager at
a precinct two miles away.- "He left his
own precinct and, with a party of men.
went to Phoenix. He walked up with
his party to where my brother was
Pitting at a table and deliberately
kicked over the table and box in which
were put the certificates. Then he as
saulted my brother. In a short while
the Democratic voters who were In the
same house rushed out and commenced
shooting into the crowd. The negroes
fled. My brother, who ip probably dead
by now, told me that Etheridge was
killed by shots from his own friends.
My brother did not have a weapon on
his person. "
Mr. Tolbert said that he was at Ab
beyvilje, twenty-five miles away from
the shooting. His father, J. R. Tolb rt,
•was at Verdry, another precinct. "Wh>n
the elder Tolbert learned of the riot he
started to the scene in his buggy, ac
companied by a little ten-year-old
nephew. Before he reached the scene
he was met by a mob, which riddled
the buggy with bullets and wounded
him and the little boy a number of
times. It is said that the boy was
killed by the shots.
T. P. Toll Kit, who was first shot by
the mob, was aided to his home, some
distance from the scene, and was pur
sued by the mob. "While lying in bed
in a dying condition the mob attempted
to make him give the name of the per- j
eon who had killed Etheridge. He said j
he could not because Etheridge had j
been killed by the Democrats them-
Eflves.
On finding his father so badly wound-
INSURGENTS OF
PHILIPPINES YET
FIGHT THE DONS.
They Have Taken the Island
of Negros and Are Now
Besieging Iloilo.
LONDON. Nov. 11.— Advices
have been received at the office
in this city of the Philippine
Commercial Company, Haying
that the insurgents have taken
the island of Negros, one of the
Philippine group, separated by
narrow channels from Panay
and Zebu, and that they are be-*
sieging lioilo, the capital of the |
island of Panay and the second
largest port in the Philippines.
THE MEN WHOM THE PEOPLE HAVE CHOSEN TO MAKE THE CITY'S LAWS
SAN FRANCISCO'S NEW BOARD OF^SUPERVISORS.
Ed R. R. Tolbert procured a doctor, who
attended to the wounds of the senior
Tolbert. After placing his family in, a
safe place Mr. Tolbert came on to this
city.
Mr. Tolbert states that his brother
said that so far as he could see rt& shots
were fired by the negroes at Phoenix.
They fled as soon as the shoqting Com
menced, leaving T. P. Tolbert as the
target for the mob to sheot at.
At a late hour this afternoon Mr. Tol
bert, accompanied by Solicitor General
Richards of the Department of Justice,
called at the White House and had an
extended interview with President Mc-
Kinley. He related to the President
the story of his experiences in South
Carolina, substantially as given in the
foregoing, entering into minute details
of the trouble on election day. The
President listened attentively to tho
recital, but gave no indication of what
action, if any, might be taken. How
ever, he requested Mr. Tolbert to see
the Attorney General and make him a
full statement of the situation as he
viewed it.
Returning to the Department of Jus
tice Mr. Tolbert had an Interview with
Attorney General Griggs, who had just
returned to the city from New Jersey.
At the conclusion of the interview the
Attorney General said he would have a
conference with the President upon the
matter as soon as possible and it would
then be determined what, if anything,
would be done.
To-night Attorney General Griggs
spent some time with the President,
but so far as could be ascertained no
decision of the question presented by
Mr. Tolbert was reached.
In addition to the effort of the De
partment of Justice to secure definite
and official information concerning
Tuesday's rioting steps have been taken
to afford ample protection to the elder
Tolbert, who is Collector of Customs
at the port of Charleston. It is said
that, as a Government officer in the
exercise of his individual rights and
In the performance of his official du
ties, the Federal Government will not
permit him to be interfered with.
PLACED IN PENITENTIARY
FOR THEIR OWN SAFETY
ATLANTA, Ga., Nov. 11.— A Journal
Bpecial frc-m Greenwood, S. C, says: I
Everything was believed to have set- j
tied into its formal state at Phoenix |
City, but to-day a telegram says word
was sent to Columbia to hold John R.
Tolbert and his son Sidney, who are in j
the penitentiary there. The dispatch j
said affidavits implicating the Tolberts
in the recent race troubles were on the
way to Columbia, and it is row believed
It is the intention to bring them h-.u k
to Phoenix. If this la done it is feared
further trouble will result, although j
leading citizens are deprecating any '
further violence.
The Tolberts escaped to Columbia two '
days sgo, and after having their j
v«ounds dressed were placed in the pen- !
itentiary as a precautionary measure.
FIRM OFFICIALS
PREVENT LYNCHINGS
WILMINGTON, N. C, Nov. 11.— This |
disturbed and lons-perturbed commu- '
nity seems at last to be entering upon i
an era of peace and order. The com- {
plete change in the municipal govern- j
ment effected last night with some (
suddenness, but with great unanimity, ;
has placed men in control of local af
fairs representing the best elements r,-f
the 'city. The firm hand of the law is
being laid upon the town and la hold
ing in restraint all classes which might
threaten disorder. The lirst act of the
new government was to swear in 250
special policemen. <'<><>l-headed men
were selected for these posts and werA;
instructed to prevent any attempts to j
terrorize the negroes, as well as to- frus. j
trate acts of lawlessness by the latter. !
Good government was put to a test j
yesterday and the new officials were
called upon almost before they had
taken their seats to make good their
promises to preserve order. A big !
lynching party was planned for the ;
night and it took all that the Mayor j
and his assistants could do to pre
vent it.
The negroes were in jail who had
The San Francisco Call
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1898.
ANDREW CARNEGIE, THE
CELEBRATED IRON KING,
IS TO BE ARRESTED
Warrant Issued Because the Millionaire Manu
facturer Ignored a Summons to flppear
and Qualify as a Juror.
istW YORK, Nov. 11. — Justice Lawrence in the Supreme Court
to-day issued an order directing the Sheriff to arrest Andrew Car
negie, the millionaire iron and steel manufacturer.
The application for Mr. Carnegie's arrest was made by Assist
ant Corporation Counsel George H. Cowie, who appeared in behalf
of Henry Winthrop Gray, special Commissioner of Jurors.
Mr. Carnegie was served with a notice by Commissioner Gray
on November 1 to appear before him on November 10 to testify as to
his qualifications to act as a special juror. Mr. Carnegie did not
present himself, and Corporation Counsel Whalen directed a motion
to be made for his arrest. The warrant was placed in the hands of
Sheriff Dunn, and will be executed as soon as possible.
been arrested during the excitement of
the day, and some persons of the town
thought they should be summarily dis
patched. One was a prominent leader,
Thomas Miller, who was charged with
declaring that he would wash his hands
in a white man's blood before night.
Another was A. R. Bryant, charged
with being a dangerous character. The
others were less prominent, but had all
been under the ban of the whites I«/r
conduct calculated to incite trouble.
Mayor Vv'addell and his associates put
a v?to upon the proposed lynching.
They said that good government was to
prevail in Wilmington from this time
and would commence immediately. The
would-be lynchera were so insistent
that the Mayor called out a guard and
kept the jail surrounded all night. This
morning" the six negroes were taken out
and escorted to the north-bound train
by a detachment of militia, to be ban
ished from the city. The citizens
cheered as they saw them going, for
they considered their departure condu
cive to peace in the future.
The men -were started for Richmond.
This is but the beginning of a general
movement to rid the town of the turbu
lent negro leaders. It is not proposed
to use violence, but to send them awa»
with Instructions not to return. Squads
of men are out to-day searching for the
most notorious character^ and they will
be deported as soon as they are found.
Last night the white Republican Dep
uty Sheriff, G. Z. French, left the city.
He was followed to the train and nav
rowly escaped violence. A party of men
we"nt into the car, determined to take
him out. The arrival of Fred Stead
man, who is one of the most conserva
tive and cool-headed men in town,
while being at the fame time a leader
in the movement Cor white supremacy,
frustrated the attempt. He was joined
by two other citizens, and the three
persuaded the crowd to let French go.
French was prominent in Republican
politics and has been charged with" or
ganizing the negroos.
Several \£hite men of the community,
who have .become obnoxious from their
leadership of and association with ne-
Km politicians,, are also to be deported.
Notice was served upon three of them
this morning to leave within twelve
hours. They are ex-Chief of Police Mel
ton, Charles Gilbert and R. H. Bunt
ing. On Market street two pictures are
displayed from the branch of a tree.
One is labeled, "R. H. Bunting, white";
the other, a picture of a negro woman,
is marked, "Mrs. R. H. Bunting, col
ored." The three men have signified
their willingness to go.
"JUSTICE IS SATISFIED,
VENGEANCE IS CRUEL"
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— A special
to the Post from Wilmington, N. C,
says: This city is remarkably quiet to
night, the turmoil and terrible race
conflict considered. The military is do
ing police duty at the request of the
city authorities, although no martial
law has been proclaimed. There are
five companies on duty.
Mayor Waddell issued the following
proclamation to-night:
The comparatively few persona in this
city who seem disposed to abuse the op
portunity of carrying arms, which recent
events afforded, and who are doing some
very foolish talking, are hereby notified
that no further turbulence or disorderly
conduct will be tolerated. They are no
till- 1 1 that a regular police force will pre
serve order, and every peaceable citizen,
black and white, will be protected in ins
person and property. No armed patrol
except those authorized by the Chief ol
Police will appear on the streets. Justice
is satisfied, v»-nyeance is cruel ami ;ic
cursod. A. W. WADDELL, Mayor.
Later the Mayor called a meeting of
the new Board of Aldermen. The pur
pose of iii> meeting was to devise ways
and means to suppress lawlessness and
stop "red shirts," "rounders" and se
cret committi es, who stem bent tipofa
forcing "objectionable citizens" to leave
the city, and the proclamation given
above is the outcome of the meeting.
The negroes are thoroughly terror
ized. Hundreds of them have left the
city, fleeing through the country in all
directions to-night. W. E. Henderson,
the most prominent negro lawyer here,
asked for a military escort to the At- I
lantic coast line station for himself and j
family. It is believed the race war is
about owr. Nobody has been shot to
day and none of the wounded- has
died.
WILMINGTON, N. C, Nov. 11.— The j
number of negroes kne-wn to have been j
killed in the fight Thursday is six. Nine j
negroes and three white men were
wounded. Only one of the white men,
William Mayo, if seriously hurt. Four;
of the negro* are mortally wounded, j
'i hi ) are tn ihe i !ity Eiospital.
The negroes \vh.» werfc kiileti are at [
an undertaking establishment and the
bodies were Vietved ty-day by largo
crowds of people. At 10 o'clock to
morrow the Coro%er*s inquest will be i
held: The Coroner i.^ a nepio. This;
fact, perhaps, together with the im- j
possibility of getting witnesses, pre
vented the Inquest being held to-day.
LAWLESS ACTS OF
NEGROES AT PANA
PANA, 111., Nov. 11.— The imported
non-union negro miners here are be
coming reckless and the union white
miners are growing restless. Troop B
of Bloomington remains on duty here,
but almost nightly, in the Flathall
district, the negro residents practice
shooting at any white man that passes
through. The negroes have been heav
ily armed by the mine operators. Last
night the residences of several white
miners were shot into by Winchesters
in the hands of the colored men. A
white widow's cottage was pierced re
peatedly by bullets, several charges
barely missing her three children.
The militia say they cannot appre
hend the culprits. Captain T. P. But
ler, in command, is apparently acting
entirely under orders of Sheriff Coburn
and is not following the instructions of
Governor Tanner given before election.
Captain Butler, when asked to disarm
the negroes, said it was useless, as the
Sheriff would arm them again. It is re
ported that a large contingent of out
side union white miners will soon ar
rive in Pan a.
A consignment of 100 rifles was re
ceived here to-day for citizens who in
tend protecting their property and fam
ilies. They claim that no protection is
given them by the Sheriff or troops.
PRESIDENT FOSTER'S
SUCCESSFUL COUP
Prevents the Absorption of the Dona
hue Line by the Worth Pacific
Coast Company.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 11.— When Presi
dent A. \V. Foster and his .associates
leased the entire stork of- the San .Fran
cisco anil North Pacific Railroad 'to the
California Northwestern Railway Com
! iiany for twenty years and made Gilbert
; Palache general manager, it was not lons
■ until financiers became aware pi the fact
! that by a weil-pißiJii 'l stratagem j..r.
Fester bad avoided the threatened con
solidation which next January would have
j given the stockholders or the North Pa
cific Coast control of the Donahue lint-.
I The success or tins move is •;.',. apparent,
for .the I ■■■:''■■ ' "■!■:>■■. ■I ' have,' tis
urativcly speaking," "On-own up. v,■
sponge."
On Wednesday evening the entire stock
of the Smith-Horel. syndicate was trans
: ferred 'to Mr. Footer and his associates.
Thirty-seven thousand and hundre I
■ shares changed hands. The price naid was
I $20 a share— cents less than that given
I at the boom sale of 1893— aggregating tne
! sum of $750,000.
By this deal Foster, Palache and their
! associates gain complete control of every
: share of the capital stock in the broad
gauge line, which insures an end of tne
: costly litigation that has brought the af
| fairs of the road so prominently before
i the public and for a long time has pre
i vented the company extending ita lines
into new territory.
The trouble began when Sidney V.
Smith broke with Foster and refused to
adhere to an agreement entered into in
( 1593, after 42.000 shares of stock were
bought by Smith Foster and Andrew
Markham. Then A. Borel and other nar
; row-gauge stockholders bought xH uuJ
i shares of stock from the Seligmans of
I New York, which would have given them
complete control of the line at the elec
, tion to be held in January next. The in
tention, after consolidating the lines, was
to discontinue the Tiburon branch lor
passenger service and have a single ferry
system at Sausallto. The leasing proposi
tion settled this plan, and the late sale
settles everything. i
-It Is asserted by Mr. Foster that a^soon
as possible the contemplated extension
from I'klah north to Eureka will be made
a reality. It is rumored that Mr. Foster
; will soon succeed Mr. Palache as presi
' dent of the new company.
COMPLIMENTARY BANQUET
GIVEN GENERAL MILES
In the Course of a Speech He Says
the Narrow Limits Are Be
ing Outgrown.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— The complimen
tary banquet given to Major General
Miles, commanding the United States
Army, at the Waldorf-Astoria to-night, in
point of numbers, extensive preparations
and brilliancy rivaled the gTeat banquet
given last year in honor of President Mc-
Kinley by the merchants and manufac
turers of the country. TTie leading per
sons, military, naval and business men
were represented, 700 being present. All
of the second floor of the Astoria portion
of the hotel was utilized for the dinner.
The grand banquet hall was too small,
and small tables were set in the adjoining
rooms. The banquet hall itself was a
marvel of beauty.
In concluding a speech General Miles
said:
We are ascending to a clearer atmosphera,
up to a higher mesa, where we should take a
stronger position than ever before occupied
by our Government and people. We cannot
longer confine ourselves ta the narrow limits
that governed us in the past. Much has been
said of what has been the ruling policy of the
people. This much, I think, is apparent to
all: That the grave responsibilities of the
nation are too great to be contaminated by
personal, partisan or sectional interests. Our
interests are national in the highest degree.
They embrace two hemispheres. They involve
the welfare of a hundred millions of the hu
man race. We are getting to that time when
we will require not only the ablest men, but
many of them in every department, to pro
tect and administer the affairs of the nation.
HUNTINGTON PLANS
A NEW ENTERPRISE
Will Undertake the Manufacture of
Ordnance and Armor Plate
at Newport News.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 11.— A Star spe
cial says: C. P. Huntington, with Scotch
and English capitalists, will erect at
Newport News, Va., adjoining Mr. Hunt
ington's shipyard, a large factory for the
manufacture of ordnance and armor
plate. They have subscribed a capital of
$15,000,000. Mr. Huntingdon returned to
New York to arrange the details of this
big deal. While in Washington Mr. Hunt
ington received from the Navy Depart
ment assurance that his establishment
would be given a fair chance to compete
for Government work.
MURDERED AMERICAN
MISSIONARIES AVENGED
Thirteen Assassins Reported to Have
Been Hanged in West
Africa.
LONDON, N«v. 11.— The mails from
Sierra 1-eone, "Wost Africa, to-tlay bring
news of the hanging at Kwe'.lu of .mir
teen murderers -of American missionaries,
members of the United Statc-s Drother
h i i t Christ; In the Sherbro district of
Siena Leone i;t.«t May.
Sp.lt River Valley Oranges.
P>iw,.;NlX, Ariz., Nov. ll.— The lirst car
of Suit Kivvr Vallej oranges of the sea
son waa shipped to-night to Chicago iy
W. J. Murphy. Tfaen will be an abun
•>i oranges In the valley this year,
the trees beir.g iden. The .ruit
is of B tine ■;• :u:i;\
Lee Again in Command.
SAVANNAH, Gs .. Nov. 11.— Major Gen
eral. Fitsliugh Lee arrived here to-day
from Richmond and a?ain assumed com
mand of Ihe Seventh Cotpa
Danish Minister l)pad.
COPENHAGEN. Nov. II.— M. 1} lie. for
merly Danish Minister at Washington: is
dead.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DELAY YET
THE GAME OF
SPANIARDS
Granted Further Time
by Uncle Sam.
CERTAIN RECORDS SENT FOR
BIGHT OF PHILIPPINE DISCUS
SION NOW THE ISSUE,
Madrid Newspapers Assert That the
Government Will Not Yield
Its Sovereignty- Over
the Archipelago.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
PARIS, Nov. 11. — It is now generally
understood that the joint session of the
Peace Commissions which was ar
ranged for Saturday will be postponed
until Monday next.
At the joint session of "Wednesday
last it was agreed that the session fixed
for Saturday might be postponed until
Monday if the Spanish Commissioners
found themselves unable to prepare a
reply for presentation on Saturday, and
it now appears the Spaniards found it
necessary to send to Madrid for cer
tain records which cannot reach Paris
before 10 o'clock on Sunday morning,
and therefore their proper embodiment
into the Spanish memorandum cannot
be accomplished before Monday.
The next answer from the Spanish
Commissioners will deal with the right
of either to discuss the question of
Spanish sovereignty over the Philip
pines and with the American conten
tion that the retention of public
moneys and customs coilections at Ma
nila is justified by the fact of the mili
tary occupation of the place by the
American forces and warranted by th«
protocol even if faulty, as claimed by
Spain because such action commenced
after the suspension of hostilities.
There is no truth in the statement
printed here this morning that the
Spaniards have decided to refuse en
tirely at the next session to discuss the
cession of the Philippine Islands.
Judge Day, president of the Ameri
can Commission, is suffering from a'
cold and had a slight chill last night.
Therefore, by his physician's advice, he
is resting quietly to-day. The Judge's
indisposition is in the nature of an at
tack of the grippe, from which all the
Commissioners have suffered more or
less, but he expects to be able to at
tend to business to-morrow.
MA>DRIB, Nov. 11.— The newspapers
assert that the Government of Spain
Is sending instructions to its commis
sioners at Paris not to yield on the
question of Spanish sovereignty over
the Philippine Islands which is asserted
to be entirely outside of the protocol,
wherefore the Commissioners are not
authorized to discuss it. It is further
asserted that the Spanish Government
will declare that it has not been au
thorized by the Cortes to negotiate the
cession of the Philippine Islands.
The Liberal advises the Spanish
Peace Commissioners to leave Paris
after lodging a protest against the de
mands of the Americans.
The Spanish newspapers are angry
at the Marquis of Salisbury, whose
speech at the Guildhall banquet on
Wednesday night they declare to have
been merely a glorification of brute
strength and a denial of the rights of
the weaker.
The Heraldo asserts that the Govern
ment has resolved to maintain Spain's
sovereignty over the Philippines. It
has been suggested also that Emperor
William be asked to arbitrate in the
event of the Peace Commission failing
to agree.
The Queen Regent presided at the
Cabinet Council v?ld to-day. Premier
Sagasta read a letter from Senor Rios,
president of the Spanish Peace Com
mission, announcing that the American
Peace Commissioners had refused to
recognize the Cuban debt and had ex
acted the Philippine Islands. The Cabi
net Council will meet again this even
ing and decide upon a reply.
PRESIDENT NOT DETERRED
BY EUROPEAN POWERS
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: While Spain has made no di
rect declaration of her intention to
withdraw from the Paris peace confer
ence I waa informed tcr-day that Senor
Rios had indirectly intimated that
TAMMANY WILL
NOT INAUGURATE
THE CONTEST.
Croker Speaks of the Scheme
to Assail Roosevelt's Eligi
bility for Governor.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.—Rich
ard Croker said when he heard
that some one was to try to con
test Colonel Roosevelt's eligibil
ity for the gubernatorial chair:
"Tammany Hall has nothing
to do with any such scheme.
We fought Colonel Roosevelt at
the polls. The returns say that
he is elected. We know noth
ing of any such intention as
cribed to some anonymous mem
ber of the organization. We are
not behind it and will not stand
for it."2
action might be taken if the ;
pr< Bed.
Senor Kios
-
mmissioners of the den
i:.ade by the I - -
:. debt and th< ...».
c< mmented upon
charactei of the demands and declared
that I .i with bis iment L
thai the Sagasta Ministry could not
Judy Daj continues to send dally re
ports to ■■ the
his commu
sh< n
have uot yet m . I usal
Span
ish Commii
heir chari . erf draw
ing the . i. They havi?
submitted! -■ submis-
Bion to the American v- i
was di« i his
re] I to.
T .Vhen • on Moi:
day h-:xt it will b< > for the
I ives to i ■ Bpond to
it is hoped
that next week the discussion of the .
■run. !
But, as the Herald has stated, the '•• -
"i iris will be on the basis of ,
■ th< Philip-
I about $:/ :i
In administration circles the state
ment published by the German Foreign
Office that Germany would not protest
Mi-'fiiPFt the 'acquisition.- of the Philip
pines by the United States is looked
upon as rather interesting, though of
doubtful value. Whether German} pro
t^ott-i or not it has been the intention
Of the President to take the Philip
pines, and he would not be. deterred
from this course no matter ho threat
ening the European powers might ap
pear.
SHOT DOWN HIS
WIFE'S FAMILY
Capture of a Desperats Kentucky-
Murderer, Who Is Now in Dan
ger of Being Lynched.
GLASGOW, Ky., Nov. 11.— R
■
this afternoon.
Last
•
r-in-law and sis
ter-ln-
mands
iiy. After shooting all around I
the
all the sui
I
er. To-d
In his
barn.
until his
Then the p
with whl
pjte-
I
ly br puty Mar-
I was ver
vous, as i
In
■
morning I
hand and Dep
uty Jo c h tin- i ar.
t, but
.;.ri.s<\
■ ment
i sre the
Mrs.
r of the
llan family should die during- the
•-night out in that n
THURSTON TO RESIGN
FROM THE SENATE
A Republican Legislature in Nebras
ka Will Permit Him to Follow
His Inclination.
NEW YORK, 11. -A Lincoln
i N'i ' : - ays: The
be Re] bring
ing n ictive
life. Th< ■
nation
. p longs t(
turn ■
awaiting htm ii rk at his •
ure.
Loyalty to the Republican party and the
vented the Seni - i arly
' re to
■
at Wash . I him.
N iw . with a Republican i soon
t. which ■
■
ment, the statement is made that the
Senator will resign by the first of the
year.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Change of Stations of Army Surgeons
Ordered.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— Claus Spreck
after - a few hours in Washing
left fi r New York this aiternoon.
They will be at the Hoffman House.
By direction of the Secretary of War
tne following changes in stations of offi
al department we n
First - t Basil H. Dut< her, as
d from :
duty at Fort Grant, Arizona, and will re
■
at Fori i ih, for duty at
that post, ttenant Irv
ing w. Ra :on. Li<-u
tenar
rson to tiu
commanding general, Department of the
l J ;u.i; • lith Army Corps, for as
toy ■ - retary
of War Private Andrew J. Smith, Com
■
v . ; Camp Merriam, Presidl
■
as private. Upon receipt of
this order at the p ommanding
report to the
surgeon in charge of the division field
; at that post.
lons— California: Increase — Henry
H. Nichols, Santa Barbara, $1G to $17. Ke
vse—Leonard Nulling, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, $8 to $10.
CRIPPLED BY LIVE WIRES.
Flesh Burned From a Railroad Car- !
penters Hands.
REDDING, Nov. 11.— A railroad car
tforthey, engag< <J In re
shingling the roof of the Depot Hotel in
this city, took hold of two live wires of
ti.' incandescent circuit early this morn-
Ing and had the flesh ol" both hands
burned to t . . . ling him for life. I
He gave a shriek and fell buck on the '
Tvol unconscious. How I ' in
stant death is a mystery. The wires are
each of 2000 volts. Either wire could
picked up with safety, but in
pi. kir wires, one In either hand,
and : ■ : ■ Insulai i->n was
not pi i • high volt
North' y waa taken on this morning's
local train to Sacramento, where he has
a family.
Yolo County's Vote,
WOODLAND. Nov. IL— The vote of |
Yolo County this year is about the
as it was in ISO 4, when Governor Budd
plurality of 323. Judge Magufre re
ul forty \ - ' han were
casi for Governor Budd. In that
pulisi vote v.iis 444. and the Pro
hlbrtli - Mr. Estee's vote was
1259. This year the Prohibition vote was
thirty-four, the Socialist twenty-four, and i
Mr. ( .. iy 17 ■'■. which j
shows thßt the Populist and Prohibition i
vote was practically all cast for Gage.
Granted an Exequatur.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Nov. 11.— After
efforts lasting three hours upon the part
of the United State? Legation her-
T'nited States .1 nister, Mr.
Straus?, hi ■ led In obtaining an
trade authorizlni nUng of an exe
quatur to the United States Consul at !
iiin.
To Cure a Coid in One Day
Take Laxative liromo Quinine Tablets. All
drujrirlßts refund the money If It falls to cur«.
IT-c. Tfcfc senulae Las L. li. Q. on each tablet.
WILL SEIZE THE
HARM TERESA
British Authorities to
Take Possession.
WRECKERS CLAIM THE PRIZE
COMPLICATIONS OVER THE
ABANDONED WARSHIP.
Now Lying Between Two Reefs on
Cat Island With Her
Hold Full of
"Water.
Special Dlspati-h to The Call.
NASSAU, Nov. 11. — Wreckers have
ht ashore stores from the strand
.l vessel off Cat Island which estab
lish beyond doubt that she is the In
. Maria Teresa. As the vessel is
•i upon as being- a derelict tbv.
wrepkers claim the right to seize all th.
stores which can be saved. They re
port that the water is up to her be
ks; that she has a list to
ard, which side is damasred, am
that she is dismantled. The Vessel U< S ,
betwen two reefs, on a smooth bottom,
and has her anchor out.
The British Admiralty authorities
here are going to take possession of the
Maria Teresa as a derelict. The Ami r
ican Consul has protested against this
course, claiming everything less tho
salvage.
The steamer Antilla is leaving here
for Cat Island with customs officers
and i olice aboard.
Opinions differ as to the chance of
saving the cruiser. Although she has
aground since Thursday ' the
Maria Teresa rests in an easy position
and the weather is moderate.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald Bays: Secre
tary Hay could not be seen to-nie:h
:rning the report from Nassa
that the British authorities will tak
i- Maria Teresa, ashor
at Island, and that our Consu
had protested. If such informa
tion )i;is (omo to Secretary Hay it ha
pressed, as a dispatch froi
consul McLain at Nassau, given ou
at the State Department this tv.-nincr
mad*.- no reference to any difficult
with the British authorities con.-ernin
the w recked ship.
Subordinate officers with whom
talked, while anticipating that Ba
hama fishermen will make a claim fo
salvage, do not look for any difficult
with the British authorities over th
legal status of the wrecked vessel. The
der that, the title of tbe United
States to the vessel is unimpaired, not
withstanding she was temporarily
abandoned. Furthermore, they are con
I that Great Britain, on accoun
of the friendly relations now existin
between the two countries, will waiv
any technical claims against the v
and allow her to proceed to the Unite
States, with the understanding that th
rs could later present their claim
through diplomatic channels to thi
rnment.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— The Nay
-it has decided that a court 0
inquiry shall be held to determin
w hether the abandonment of the Ter
was j-i.-tifiable. and, if not
who was responsible. The detail for th
• has not yet been announced, no
has the court been formally appointed
for it cannot take the testimony neces
sary to elicit the facts until the wreck
bo have gone to Cat Island return
with an account of the conditions they
found on board the Teresa. The report
that the water in the hull was up be- i
ks, taken In connection with i
the fact that the vessel was rolling'
when abandoned, ! s believed to make
very favorable case for the peo
1 the Teresa, unless it is
shown that this volume of water was
ted through injuries sustained on i
the coral reef after the vessel was ;
abandc-ned.
FATAL BULLET SPED
THROUGH A WINDOW
Pendleton Young Woman Killed by
an Assassin as She Stands
in Her Room.
PENDLETON, Or., Nov. 11.— Mis? May
Wallace, a teacher in the Pendleton
Academy, was shot through the body
while standing by a window at the home
of her parents In this city at 9 o'clock
last night. The shot was flred through the
window-glass by some person who stood
!e the house. At 5 o'clock this even
lled.
Mjsa Wallace had been teaching a class
of Chinese youths, in addition to her regu
lar d ilty of the Peii' :
Academy. Recently she expelled Goon, a
-.'i».y. from the class. Goon was en
raged at his expulsion. Goon was sus
pected of the murder, and this afternoon
• <i. but the officers say they
hrivp no evidence pointing to the guilt of
■ ■ inese.
SHOOTING AFFRAY AT
A PRESCOTT MINE
One Man Killed Outright, One Dying
and Two Others Slightly-
Wounded.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Nov. 11.— general
shooting affray occurred to-day at the
Trilby mine, in which Superintendent
Murphy, a man named Bruner and others
participated. Murphy was mortally
; wounded, Bruner was killed, and the
I other two were slightly wounded. The
trouble was over the locating 1 of the
boundary lines of two mining claims.
Over twenty shots were exchanged at
close range. '
Murphy represented Mr. Costello, an
Eastern capitalist, and Is well known in
mining circles In Colorado, Montana and
i Idaho.
ASSISTANT YARDMASTER
KILLED AT SACRAMENTO
David Lawson Steps in Front of a
Train in the Southern
Pacific Yards.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 11.— David Law
son, assistant yardmaster at the Southern
Pacific yards in this city, while engaged
in" coupling cars late this afternoon, was
killed. Two wheels of a car ran over his
Lawson had been at the business
twenty-five years, and had never before
Ith an accident. Nobody saw him
his life, but It is supposed that ho
d back from one track upon an
other, not knowing that a train was
backing down the latter.
Lawson was about 50 years of age and
leaves a widow and several children.
Russians as Wine Connoisseurs.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— It is a notable
fact that Russians of the upper class
are the largest consumers of high
grade champagnes outside of English
loyal circles, it is interesting in this
ction to know that Pommery is
the favorite of all brands in St. ireters- ;
burg, as it is in London, and that in the
wholesale markets of both of these
I it commands the highest price
because of its recognized superiority in
quality and flavor.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1898.
TROOPS PATROL
HAVANA STREETS
Mutiny of the Police
Quelled.
ORDEN PUBLICO PACIFIED j
j ENTIRE FORCE LAYS DOWN ITS
ARMS.
Deaths of Two Americans From Yel
low Fever Causes a Profound
Sensation in the
Capital.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Nov. 11.— Following the
example of the third company, part of
the first and fourth companies of the
! Orden Publico (police) demanded
their pay, now several months overdue.
| As a result of this attitude upon the
I part of the police, regular Spanish
tro ;>s were quartered in the streets
and General Arelas, at tli bead of two
battalions, patrolled the thoroughfares.
As an extra precaution, in order to
prevent a demonstration of the
mounted division. General Axelas sta
i tioned two field pieces in front of their
i barracks this morning.
This afternoon the entire force ac
cepted a peaceful solution of the dif
ficulty and laid down their arms. The
'■. ( irden Publico will be disarmed and dis
sulved immediately.
At the palace it is asserted that the
measures adopted by the Military Gov
ernor, General Arelas, are merely "evi
dence of his zeal to guarantee absolute
order and quiet in the city," the atti
tude of the Ordcn Publico being de
scribed as "simply in the nature of a
protest, in nowise affecting the order
and quiet of the city."
The steamer Alava, which left yes
terday for Xeuvitas, carried $150,000 to
pay troops about to embark at that
I point for Spain. The Government has
! also ordered the payment of $15,000 each
to seventeen battalions of regulars.
W. A. Williams, chief quaru-rmuPt'-r,
I and F. T. Stewart, clerk attached to
! the quartermaster's department, died
'. <v this morning. , The condition
of J. B. Caldwell, the third of the
American party who has been suffering
from fever, is unchanged.
The body of Colonel Williams will be
I embalmed and will lie carried directly
! on board the Ward lino steam, r Se
j guranca, which is expected here this
afternoon from Vera Cruz, for ship-:
ment north. The remains of Mr.
Stewart will be buried here this aft--r
noon. The deaths have caused a pro
found sensation. Tt is a Ptrnnse co- j
; incidence that the only cases of yellow
; fever among fort Ignera here*lately have
been those of the members of the
j American comr aid staffs.
CABINET DISCUSSES
FEVER SITUATION
WASHINGTON, Nov. ll.— At the
Cabinet meeting to-day there was a
prolonged discussion of the sanitary
conditions at Havana, largely brought
out by a dispatch -which was read an
nouncing two yellow fe»er deaths In
the regular army. The fever situation
at Havana Is conceded to be very b< ri
ous and the administration is cognizant
of the necessity of a thorough sanitary
overhauling of the city before its oc
cupation by our troops is safe. Else
where than Havana there Is also.:
for assistance of this Government along
lines, and it is asserted that a
chartered steamer of the Government
will soon be dispatched to the island
laden with supplies, Including food. The
report made on the discouraging con
ditions at Havana was of a general na
ture, but it showed that an Immense
amount of work in cleaning up the city
will be necessary.
POLITICAL EXILES
RETURNED TO HAVANA
Three Hundred Cubans Brought Back
From the African Penal
Settlement.
SAN JUAN DB PORTO RICO, Aup. 11.
The Spanish steamer Isle <\>t Panay,
from Cadiz, arriv. d here to-day with 292
Cuban political prisoners on board bound
for Havana. The prisoners left the Af
rican penal settlement of Ceuta October
.1 left Cadiz on the 30th. They have
served sentences from two to '
imprisonment and were given emigrant
accommodation on the Isle de Panay. On
board that vessel they were constantly
under the guard of Spanish soldiers. The
prisoners are very badly off In the way
of clothing, none ii.tvinn been supplied
them by the Government. There were
few sick men among. The Isle de Panay
is due to arrive at Havana November 15.
The Spanish Government is paying ttv
transportation charges, but the priboners
complain of the presence of the guard of
soldiers, declaring they are now free men.
They admit, however, that they have not
been ill treated on board the steamer.
The Porto Rican papers have been noti
fied by the authorities here of the deci
sion of the authorities at Washington to
accord them second-class matter rates,
and they are greatly pleased.
tributes to Frances
willard's memory
Temperance Women in Convention at
St. Paul Honor Their De
parted Leader.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Nov. 11.— The two
most prominent ideas in this, the opening
day of the annual convention of the Na
tional Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, have been reverence for the mem
ory of the departed leader, Miss Willard,
and a reviving of the spirit and history of
the original crusaders of 1574. It is the
anniversary of the latter, and this con
>n, the "memorial convention," is
the first coming together of the temper
ance women in national convention since
the death of Miss Frances Willard. v
life and work Were synonymous with the
union. Most of the day was devoted to
paying tributes of re.spect and love to the
"promoted ones" of the W. C. T. 1., a
few reports being heard late in the after
noon. This evening was the occasion for
the formal welcome of the delegates.
SCHXEY'S FUTURE SERVICE.
Likely to Be Decided During His
Stay in Washington.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald trie
graphs: It is expected that while Rear
Admiral Schley is in Washington he will
discuss his future with Secretary Long.
I was informed to-night by the 8
tary that no decision had been arrived
at by the department as to the assign
ment to be given him.
Train Wrecker Pleads Insanity.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 11.— All evidence
was put in to-Uay and arguments made
this afternoon in the trial of HuKh C.
Griffin, who wrecked a Southern Pacific
train at Gelston, Sonoma County, last
month. The defense set up a plea of in
sanity. Judge Burnett 'will give instruc
tions to the jury to-morrow morning and
the case will then be submitted.
CROKER COMING TO
THE GOLDEN STATE
The Tamroany Chief Will Mal^e a
Tour of the Pacific Coast
and Mexica
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Richard Croker will leave the city in a
day or two for California, where he hopes to regain some of the
strength expended in the recent struggle for political supremacy in
this State. The details of the trip, which comprehends a tour of the
Pacific States occupying several months, have been arranged by
Chauncey Depew, which accounts for the mysterious conferences of
the past day or two which have so alarmed the politicians. Croker
and party, which will be a large one, will travel in a special car
and take life easy. It is said a tour of old Mexico is also on tap.
The return will be made in time for Croker to sail for London be
fore the opening of the racing season In England. Croker admitted
this afternoon that he was to take a long trip, but refused to say
where he was going, on the ground that he was going for rest, which
he wouldn't get if the itinerary were published.
GOOD MAJORITY
IN THE HOUSE
Republicans Will Have
Full Control.
LATE COUNT SHOWS GAINS
OPPOSITION IN MINORITY BY
THIRTEEN VOTES.
Belief That It Will Be Necessary to
Hold an Extraordinary Session
of Congress Next
Spring.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— "We have
received confirmatory Information from
every district in the United States."
said Chairman Babcock of the Repub
lican Congressional Committee to-day.
"This shows that the Republicans will
c rtalnly have thirteen majority and
I ■ rhaps more than that over the com
bined opposition in the next House.
Any changes which subsequent re
turns may make will be in the direc
tion of increasing our majority. The
straight out Republican strength
shown will be 155."
Representative Cochran was at Re
publican headquarters to-day. On the
face of the returns so far received he
has beta defeated for re-election by
fourteen votes, but Mr. Cochran claims
that the votes of the soldiers of his dis
trict, now at Camp Meade, will give
him a majority and show that he is
elected. The Republicans are counting
this aa a strong probability, in which
case they would have fifteen majority
in the House.
Word has been received at headquar
ters that in the Second California and
the Twelfth Texas districts, which were
considered doubtful, the Democratic
nominees have been elected. Chairman
Babcock has received information in
dicating that the Republican nominees
in the Tenth Kentucky. Ninth Carolina
and Ninth Virginia will contest the
election of their Democratic opponents
and that George H. Higgins, the Re
publican nominee in the Twenty-sixth
Pi ansylvania, will demand a recount <>f
the official vote, which gave • the
election to A. Gaston, Democratic can
didate.
It is not regarded as possible for all
qu< Btlona that are crowding for set
tlement to be disposed of during the
Bhort session of Congress, and it is al
most a certainty that the Fifty-sixth
Congress will be called into extra ses
sion next spring. The Republicans will
then have a large enough majority in
the Senate to insure the carrying out
of the policy of the administration in
spite of the possibility of two or three
Republican Senators not being in sym
pathy with It, and the Republican ma
jority in the House is strong enough
;ible the enactment of legislation
desired.
If a treaty of peace with Spain be
presented to the Senate during its com
ing Session it will be with confidence
<>:i the part of the administration of its
ratification; but it is by no means cer
tain the treaty will be prepared in time
for action by the present Senate. The
belief is that the ratification of the
treaty and practically all legislation
rendered necessary in consequence of
the acquisition of territory by the
United States will go over to the extra
session of the Fifty-sixth Congress,
most of the time of the coming session
of this Congress to be taken up with
appropriations and routine matters.
On account of the instability of Re
publican control of the Senate this ses
sion it is doubtful whether even legls
lati'>n affecting a. permanent increase
of the army will be accomplished, if, in
<]' !, it is attempted. The administra
tion does not expect difficulty in the
next House of Representatives on ac
count of the reduced majority, since the
B in the campaign just closed were
sharply defined and there Is no oppor
tunity for the existence of an anti-ad
ministration faction in the Republican
party in the House.
TERRIFIC EXPLOSION
DURING A CONFLAGRATION
', Four Volunteer Fire Fighters Killed
While Attempting to Save
a Building.
HANOVER, Mass., Nov. 11.— i<'ire in the
general store of C. A. Steams to-day was
followed by a terrific explosion, which
blew out the sides of the building, killing
four men. Following is a list of the dead:
Michael Robert Sylvester.
Edgar Adams.
C. A. Peterson.
C. A. Tolman.
Over a dozen were injured, among them
C. A. Steams, the proprietor <>f the store,
who had one arm and a leg broken, while
his shoulder is also crushed and his body
badly burned.
There being no fire department in the
town, the inhabitants turned out in an
attempt to save the building, while assist
ance was asked for from Roekland. The
volunteer tire fighters had been at work
about a half hour when a ternric explo
sion occurred. The roof was lifted from
the building and fell among the mpn who
were fighting the flames. Three of them
were dead when taken from the ruins
and another died before he could be car
ried to his home.
The explosion, it is thought, was caused
by powder and kerosene, which were
stored in the cellar.
Surprise Caused Her Death.
LAN'SIXG, Mich., Nov. 11.— Private
Robert Thorburn ot Company F, Thirty
first Michigan Volunteers, came home to
day on furlough, unannounced, thinking
to give his mother a surprise. "When he
rang the doorbell of his home the sum
moiu was answered by his mother in
person, and she was so overcome at see
ing him that she tank to the floor and in a
moment was dead. She was afllicted with
a weak heart.
BLAMES NO ONE
FOR THE DISASTER
Verdict of the Coroner's Jury in the
Case of the Steamer J. D.'
Peters' Victims.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 11.— Coroner Eden
held an Inquest to-day over the remains
of the six Chinese discovered in the hold
of the Stockton steamer J. D. Peters,
which was sunk in collision with the
steam collier Czarina on the evening of
November 2. None of the officers of the
tatter steamer were present and all the
testimony given as regards the circum
stances of the accident was furnished by
the officers of the Peters.
McNeill, the pilot,' became nettled when
Coroner Eden questioned him closely re
garding the signals given and the lights
on the boats. He asserted that he blew
two whistles and was answered by one,
which meant for the Peters to go to star
board. Again he blew two whistles and
was answered by one. He said he could
not change his signals or it would have
resulted in running the Czarina upon the
island. He claimed that the Czarina
steamed away after the accident and did
not proffer any assistance, ■ although the
whistle on the Peters was kept going as
long as there was any steam. He said
he caw the sidelights burning on the
Czarina.
The Jury brought in a verdict immedi
ately stating that the Chinese came to
their death By accidental drowning while
the steamers were in collision on the even
ing of November 2. Nobody was criticized,
and it was clear that the jury believed
the deaths to have resulted from purely
accidental causes.
BENJAMIN HATHAWAY'S
STRANGE DISAPPEARANCE
Triends of the San Franciscan Fear
That He Committed Suicide
at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 11.— Benjamin B.
Hathaway, sixty years of ago, who had
temporarily with friends on Wash
ington street, near Twentieth, has been
missing since last Tuesday.
Mr. Hathaway came from San Fran
cisco with his wife a month ago for his
I ealth. He was progressing so well that
Mr?. Hathaway returned to San Francisco
last Friday. <>n Monday Mr. Hathaway
c tmplained of a severe headache, and that
night he requested some one in the house
up with him, as lie feared he would
commit a rash act. The following- morn
ing he I qdlte rational, and at 10
o'clock went down town. Since then ho
has not been seen, lie U-ft his gold watch
and a purse containing $12u in his room.
His friends fear that in a moment of tem
porary aberration be committed BUicide
by drowning in tho river.
The missing man had resided in Cali
fornla since 1862 and made several large
fortunes in mining stock and realty spec
ulations. While he was unfortunate in
his ventures in late years he yet had a
fair competency for himself and wife.
During the great Nevada mining stock
boom he insured his life for $50,000, and as
he was a very methodical man it is not
! elieved that he allowed those policies to
lapse.
ELECTIONS IN DOUBT.
Many Results in Kansas Depend on
the Soldier Vote.
TOPEKA, Kans.. Nov. 11.— In a great
many counties of this State it will re
tuiiru the official count and the soldiers'
vote to decide the result on some of the
county officers. For instance, in Leav
t n worth County F. B. Dawes received a
majority of one for member of the Leg
islature. In Franklin County Peter
Kaiser, Republican candidate for Pro
bat.s Judge, received a majority of three.
Miss Mabel Martin, the Populist camli
i.ir County Superintendent in Sa
line County, received a majority of four.
All of these counties have a company or
part of. a company with the Twentieth
Kansas Regiment, now on the Pacific
Ocean, and the vote of these soldiers
may make a considerable change when
received. There are numerous instances
in other counties where the result hangs
on a few votes in either the Twentieth or
Twenty-third regiments.
HARBORED A MURDERER.
Awful Crime of an Outcast Who Had.
Been Befriended.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— A homeless Pole
named Schneider, who was given a night's
lodging in a North London bakehouse,
murdered the baker's assistant, throwing
him in the oven. The baker, alarmed by
the stench of the burning body, descended
to the bakehouse and Schneider tried to
murder him also, clubbing him on the
head and stabbing- him in the chest. The
shrieks of the baker brought the police
and Schneider was overpowered. The
bakehouse was splashed with blood and
strewn with tufts of hair. The charred
body of the baiter's assistant was found
in the oven. His skull had been smashed
with a hatchet.
MURDERED A FAMILY.
A Kentucky Man Kills His Wife and
Her Parents.
SCOTTSBURG. Ind.. Nov. 11.— A tele
gram received by F. McClellan of this
City early this morning from Glasgow,
K>\, states that last night his brother
in-law. Robert Brown, shot and killed his
father, Louis McClellan, also his mother
and his sister, Bertha, and dangerously
wounded his brother. The tragedy was
the result of family troubles. The father
lived in the country four miles fi;om Glas
gow. Brown escaped. The family for
merly resided in -this county.
Suffocated in a Hotel Fire.
WALLACE, Idaho, Nov. 11.— Gus Enze,
night clerk, and Joe Moore, \wdter in the
New York Kitchen, were suffocated in a
lire in the Idaho Hotel last night. They
occupied rooms in the hotel. The hotel
and livery stable adjoining, owned b*-
Glen McDonald, arjd John Cameron's sa
loon and lodging-house, Tom Reynolds'
saloon and lodging-house, all two-story
buildings, wore entirely consumed by fire.
Jeweler Shoots Himself.
VALLEJO, Nov. 11.— Arthur Bob, a
jeweler, committed suicide this, morning
by shooting himself in the left temple.
His business was not good, anu he had
been drinking 1 heavily. He leaves a widow
and one child, who moved to San Fran
cisco last week.
DIXON DEFEATS
DAVE SULLIVAN
Blunder of the Irish
Lad's Brother.
"JACK" STOPS THE CONTEST
KEEPS oHIS MAN DOWN OVER
TEN SECONDS.
However, Had the Mill Gone the Full
Number of Rounds the Colored
Boy Would Have
Won.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LENOX ATHLETIC CLUB, NEW
YORK, Nov. 11.— Through the un
looked-for impulsiveness and stupidity
of his brother "Jack," Dave Sullivan,
the little Irish pugilist, lost the bout
with George Dixon, the colored feather
weight champion, to-night at the Lenox
Athletic Club. The lads were matched
to go twenty-five rounds at 122 pounds
and for nine rounds Dixon had the call.
He was Sullivan's master in nearly
every instance, and in the tenth round
ho more than out-pointed his adver
sary. A left-hand hook from Dixon,
which caught Sullivan on the head, al
most put Dave out of business, but he
pulled himself together, only to go to
the floor near the ropes from a push.
This occurred very near the end of the
round and "Jack" Sullivan evidently
thought that time was up. While Dave
was trying to regain his feet "Jack"
jumped through the ropes and then ran
back again.
A moment later, just as Dave stood
erect, Jack jumped into the ring again
and ran over to the referee shouting
"Time is up. Time is up." Jimmy Col
ville of Boston, who was referee, looked
at the impulsive youngster in amaze
ment and then spoke to the time
keeper, who said "Two-forty only," and
then Colvflle waved his hands so as to
tell every one that the bout was over.
Sulli\fan could not understand what
was up, as Dixon made no effort to go
at him, and then the whole thing
flashed upon him. He appealed to the
referee to continue, but Colville's hands
were tied under the rules and he had
no alternative.
This sudden termination of the fight
was a sad disappointment to the spec
tators, as Sullivan was not beaten
when the fiasco occurred, and would
undoubtedly have ' gone on for several
rounds; but Dixon had such an ad
vantage at the time that there is no
question that he would have received
the decision if the bout had gono the
limit.
Dixon was not so fast as of yore, but
was equally as clever, and at no time
during the contest did Sullivan h#ive
the upper hand.
Since the Maher-Sharkey fight the
Lenox Athletic Club has never hcJi
such a large number of spectators as
it brought out to witness to-nighfs
mill. More than SOOO people were fn
the hall. When the betting began
Dixon was the favorite at odds of 100
to 80, but all offers at this price nere
so quickly snapped up by the friends
of the little Irishman that even money
was the ruling price inside of twenty
minutes. Then more Dixon money
came into si^ht, and the odds on the
colored boxer went up again to 100 to
80.
"Spike" Sullivan, Dave's brother,
made a circuit of the boxes and placed
about $7000, betting odds of 100 to 80.
and in a few instances accepting even
money.
TOD SLOAN RETURNS
TO WINNING FORM
LONDON. Nov. 11.— At the third day's
racing of the Liverpool autumn meeting
to-day. Lord Derby's 3-year-old chestnut
filly, Altmark, ridden by Tod Sloan, won
the Liverpool Cup of 1200 sovereigns. Mr.
Dobell's 4-year-old bay colt Sligo. was
second and Chaleurerx third. Altmark
made the running and won easily by a
length and a half against a field of eight
horses. The betting was 3 to 1 against
Altmark.
The Palatine plate was won by Stillness
with Sloan up. Bolt was second and Par
cel third. Fourteen horses ran in this
event.
STANFORD LOSES TWO
OF HER FOOTBALL MEN
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 11.—
The loss of her two crack ends is the lat
est and greatest misfortune that has be
fallen Stanford Varsity. It was made
known to-day that Smith, who has played
®.®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® & @®®®®®®®® &
% ARE YOU WEAK? I
I /^|^^^ STUDY YOURSELF. |
/^ W/Jtium's lEi ■ Do you realize that you are not ®
w/fflnwlii f/^^& j&&*s2&4 the man you should be at your Q
® f«l^^s^" "^Sv^ {?fevlß§^ age? Do you find your strength "r
© lit&ifi "3* failing you, exposing the great w
X mvlri'/^i w / V ?L drain that has been sapping the ®
\ft^; / f^\ _A > N« H*i very life and ambition out of you? ©
*> • N^M/^ )ji^ - -?- ' ' i^Jl Does this knowledge mar your q
© i^i*(K\>iSs * ife/ life?/ Then it is time for you to "r
X : . c ii''VX^ "*** jS?3 • look seriously to your health. You <■
& «»^4« ( i;jBSS!~o*«-" i^fe^W need such a remedy as Dr. San- ®
® 4**!/*/^^^^^^^S®T* don's Electric Belt, from which ©
© V^^^^^^lwCr^i you can aDsor new strength and (i)
« <TTnT(H^4\V^\. vitality. It is a grand remedy for @
a "\\\\lwVmW^,f^i^p^»t^ any one who is weak in vitality, _,
® HVM^^H^pSvM^ TOKIJ^ rom whatever cause. Read what «[
® UV\^^^C^^k.^^W^K^ it did for this happy man. • ®
I FEELS LIKE A NEW |
® VETERANS' HOME, Cal. ©
® DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: You ask me to make my final reDort. I sept a f~.
© full report to you two months ago telling you about my case but will tell you again ®
X of my vast Improvement. When I first used your Belt I weighed 1,0 pounds. I suf- ©
© fered great pains in my back and other complaints. My liver and bowels were very _
bad. Now I have not used the Belt for the last two months but I am gradually W
® transforming Into a different man. I weigh 193 pounds; I eat and sleep well; my ©
© pains are all cone; my liver and bowels are cured, and I have no complaint what-
:: ever. I feel very good. Yours truly, PRANK HENKEL. W
© OON'X BE A WEAK 7VIAN. ®
© It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak ©
(5) Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong; it &
~ will steady your nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days. V
™ It is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the cause. If you are w
© troubled with weakness in any way call and examine this wonderful (3
X Belt. Test the powerful current it gives, and see how easily regulated ©
W it is Don't be ignorant of a remedy which may correct all your past _
® mistakes and assure your future happiness. Don't delay; act now. Get v
® the book 'Three Classes of Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men; ®
® tells the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows ©
,^ how electricity, properly applied, will restore this power, and gives the ~
r proof. It is free upon application. A call preferred. g
© DR. A. T. SANDENii* ~ IU nnim PTftnce . * @
© 702 Market Street, Corner Ketrny, San Frwciaeo. . KUI IN DRUG STURcSi ®
® toT C |r h a?-lSs SnU^"^^^^-^ , **■ Sande^ Electric Belt '® ,
© second street: Portland, Or.. 353 Waßhingtoo «• never sold in drug «tow.« ®
X «reet? Denver. Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street: ° or JL y traveling agenw; only @
® Dallaa, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte. Mont.. at our office.
(5) 110 North Main street. *- — " * ®
®®®©®©®®®® ® ® ® © ® ® ®® ® © ® © © © © © © © © © © ©
for two years, would be compelled to quit
football on account of parental objec
tions. Parker, the other end, who has
been ill with fever, was taken to his
home in Salinas this morning.
This sudden turn of affairs has causM
despair in the college, for on the strength
of the wings Stanford relied great: v.
With these two men out of the gam'c,
Stanford has but two of last year's
varsity for a nucleus of the team which
will go against Berkeley.
MUDLARKS IN FRONT.
Lakeside Racing Events Decided
Over a Heavy Track.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11. — Weather at Lakoslde
fair; track muddy. Result.-:
First race, five furlongs— Exquisite, 8 I
won; Lady Fitzsimmons S to 1, second; L«>iig
Suit third. Time, 1:01%.
Second race, six furlongs— Xnra Ives, :
won; Martha Fox, 6 to 1, second; }
third. Time, I:M%.
Third race, seven furlongs— Bonny B> y
won; WalkenFhaw, 4 to 1, second; David T
third. Time, 1:80%.
Fourth race, selling' one and a half :
Swordsman, 2 to 1, won; Lucid, 2 to 1, gec
ond; George Lee third. Time. 2:44^.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs— Mary Kin
sella, 30 to 1, won; Newsgatherer, even, second;
Sligo third. Time, 1:18%.
Sixth race, selling, one mile — Count Gonze,
10 to 1, won: Double Dummy, 2 to 1, second;
Moncreith third. Time, 1 :ZO.
NASHVILLE, Term., Nov. 11.— "Weather
cloudy; track muddy. Results:
First race, six furlongs — Dutch Bard won
Raymond S second. Miss Edwards third. Time,
1:21%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs— rrinoe
Plausible won. Brooks second, Hadrian thir.J.
Time. 1:15.
Third race, selling, seven furlongs—Demos
thenes won, Lackman second, Tillle "W third.
Time, 1:35. ;L V r-\~
Fourth race, five furlongs— Pat Garrett won,
Glasnevin second. Sir Blaise third. Time, I:(KPa.
Fifth race, seven furlongs— Lauretta won.
Jack Hays second, Nankipoo third. Time,
I:3CVi. •
CINCINNATI. Nov. 11.— Track at Lfttonla
wns in very bad shape to-day, and four fav.ir
ites. Including Primate, a one to two choice,
went down to defeat. Weather eooL.
First race, mile and a sixteenth.
Bon Jour. 107 (J. Matthews), even t
Robert Latta, X's (Gilmore), 4 to 1 and 8 to 5.. .2
Gomez. 110 (J. Carroll), 6 t* 1 3
Time, 2:00.
Libation, Mellie, Laura May. Jacques and
Mlecellus also ran.
Second race, seven furlongs.
Gadsden. 105 (J. Matthews), 5 to 1 1
Ktirtorpha, 104 (Britton), 6 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Freeland, 103 (Kuhn), even 3
Time, 1:37%.
Jim P, Flying Bird. Frank McConnell and
B. F. Fox also ran. Candados fell.
Third race, seven furlong's, 6elllr.gr.
Flop, 92 (T. Knight), 4 to 1 1
Hufh, 94 (Frost), 8 to 6 and 7 to 10 2
Liewanna, 97 (Harshborger). * to 1 i
Time. 1:35.
Crusader. Lcrd Frazer. John Sullivan, Pun
can Hell, Almonte. Aryan, Mlsa Emma, Popo
crat and Ormea also ran.
Fourth race, mile, selling.
Horseshoe Tobacco, 100 (Dupee), even 1
Samovar, 112 (Frost), 5 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Harry Shannon, 109 (Mooney), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:48)4.
Lyllis, Kathie May and Royal Choice also
ran.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongfs.
Rose Ash. 105 (Harshherser), 10 to 1 1
Crinkle. 105 (Pupee), 8 to 5 and 7 to 10 2
Lizzie Tello, 105 (Frost), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:14 V&.
Juanetta, Nandora, Malaise, Viola X, Stanel
and Rubel also ran.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling.
Agitator. 112 (Pupee), 16 to 5 1
Full Hand K>4 (\V. Narvaez), 4 to 1 and 8 to f. . . 2
Kline Bramble, 102 (Kuhn), 4 to 1 ?.
Time, i
Early Bird. Primate, RushfleMs, L,asalle and
Notice also ran.
"Jim" Franey Knocked Out.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. Nov. I!.—"Austra
lian Jimmy" Ryan knocked out "Jim"
Franey, the Cincinnati welr^r-w^ight.
here to-night in the fourth round of
was to have bet-n a twenty-round con
test.
MURDER AVENGED
BY NEVADA INDIANS
Brave Slays His Wife and Is Caught
and Brained by Members of
His Tribe.
CARSON, Nov. 11.— Two Indians were
killed and one mortally wounded
Sheridan last night. About a year ago a
mahala left her husband, after h.
fceen whipped by him, and recently t<>..k
up with another man. Yesterday the de
serted man shot ncr and her brother,
killing her instantly, while the brother i*
not expected to live. After the shooting
Indians caught tlie murderer and beat
his brains out with an ax.
Missouri Bank Robbed.
MACON. Mo., Nov. 11.— The- Kirksville
Savings Bank was entered by burglars
early this morning and robbed of $14,000
In Government bonds, belonging to Sam
uel Rees, the president, and in the neigh
borhood of $IS,OOO in gold and greenbacks.
Two thousand or three thousand in silver
was left, evidently being too heavy, and
$2400 in the vault was overlooked by the
robbers.
Volunteer Shot by a Policeman.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Nov. 11.— To-day tho
Third Engineers left for Macon. Ga., and
the Third Kentucky for Columbus, Ga.
Patrolman Harcy attempted to arrest a
crowd of colored soldiers arid was attack
ed by Private Ben Dick of the Seventh
United States Volunteers. The officer
shot Dick in the head and chest, inflicting
fatal wounds.
Congratulated by McLaughlin.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 11.— Mitchell Phillips,
chairman of the Republican Good Govern
ment League, to-day received the follow
ing dispatch:
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 11.— Mitchell Phil
lips: I heartily congratulate yourself an,i . --
soclates on the success of the State and Legis
lative tickets. frank Mclaughlin,
Chairman State Committee.RICHEST QUARTZ
STRIKE YET MADE
IN THE NORTH
Two Prospectors in
Great Luck.
DISCOVERY NEAR KETCHIKAN
EXTENSIVE OUTCROPFINGS OF
FREE GOLD.
"With a Hammer and Small Mortars
They Take Out Over Three
Thousand Dollars in
a Week.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUXEAU, Alaska, Nov. 3. — An almost
incredibly rich quartz strike was
recently made and is now being mined
near Ketchikan, over two hundred
miles south of Juneau. It is located on
Cleveland ppninsula of the mainland.
The claim was staked and is owned by
a man named Johnson, who lives at
Ketchikan, and Dyer, a young man of
Seattle, who has been prospecting in
the vicinity for some months. If the
rock continues to produce gold as it
has begun Johnson and Dyer have not
only the richest mine in Alaska, but a
fabulous fortune which nothing can ex
haust unless they shovel the gold into
the sea as fast as it is pounded out.
It is located ciose to salt water and in
a position easy to work. The authority
for the facts is no less a person than
Hon. A. P. Swineford, who was Gov
ernor of Alask- under Cleveland's first
administration. Ex-Governor Swine
ford lias within the last few months re
turned to Alaska from Marquette,
Mich., and made his residence here. He
Js interested in mining property in the
vicinity of Kc-tchikan and elsewhere in
Alaska. .Ex-Governor Swineford has
recently returned from Ketchikan. He
said:
"I never saw anything like that vein.
After <n\e week's work with an arastra
Johnson and Dyer cleaned up twenty-
Biz ; | un> gold, and the mule
nly about eight hours a
day. or during K""^© daylight at this
a. They told me i( ■ very
ry lart;>; arastra either.
Previous to this Dyer wanted to go to
le. lie didn't have enough money
to buy a ticket and so he and Johnson
went over to the claim, just recently
try to pound out enough free
to pay his fare. Up to that time
did not know what the;. had.
Alter they had knocked a few hundred
pounds off the outcropping they came
to rock on which the free gold stood
out ;n spots as thick and big as perspi
ration on a man's brow. They began
to pound it out with hammers in small
mortars and the result in free gold was
tonishing and promising that they
kept up the good work for more than
a week. When they did quit they had
in g-old.
• The formation is peculiar," con
tinued the ex-Governor. "The gold is '
not in the quartz vein, but in a sort
of schist alongside. So far as I know
it is unlike anything that has ever been
found in Alaska. The boys are now
twelve feet down and sixteen feet in
on th
Very Little is known here about Dyer.
s a squawman — that is, he has
lived in and prospected around the
Ketchikan district for several years.
Young and unmarried white girls are
-ka as in other mining
town?, and •! ■ k a handsome
India: a wife. The rich strike
may bf- only a pocket or kidney that
will pinch but the gold is Just
as likely to hold out the length of the
vein. Ket the principal camp
of a g mining district. It is
on Revillagl ledo Island.
Th.- situation at Atlin is unchanged;
k r-nntinuing promising. A
nt depth and per
manency is being awaited s-o that pup
may be sledded in and a good
secured during the winter for be
ginnii - I inning operations early
..ai who reaches
lv from the new diggings has a
In his eye
he is satisfied with what he
has st.
NaVlgai the river to Dawson
has been closed f< r the season, though
parties will likely be trying to get out
al! winter lon;T. This will be the only
..- news fr:>m the inside.
Th ■ small steamer Canadian is tied up
at the mouth of the Hootalinqua, the
□ is in a slough ut",\e Port
k. the Angelian is, on the hanks
of the same slough being repaired, the
rille Is at the f< ot of Five Fingers
with her steam chest blown out, tn<;
: . with a lot of Government freight
piled up on a bar about
fifteen miles below "White River, and at
last accounts the Light and Lightning
were trying to pull her off. The other
\ • r steamers are mostly at Ben
>r Dawgon.
Matthews on Trial.
SAN JOS. 1 :, Nov. 11.— In the trial of
John Matthews for the murder of Henry
Hopken the first witnesses were put on
to-day. Matthews was Constable at Mil
pitas. On June 28 last he was drinking in
a saloon, his buggy being hitched In front,
ar.d some one came in and told him his ,
coat had been stolen. He dashed out,
drove at a rapid rate for some two blocks, j
held up Henry H< pken, the first man he I
paw, and accused him of the theft. Hop
ken denied it. There was a shot and 1
Hopken feli dead with a ball through his
head. Matthews acknowledged the shoot- i
ing, but says Hopken started to run.
A Killing at Kingman.
KINGM. Nov. 11.— Jam^s
Lynch shot and . ■ Ryan in the
■ this piace this
evenii
■1 that tho kiil
inc ' ble homici<V. Ir
.-> thai Ryan and John Lynch, a
who <!id the killing.
ils gun and
nrod Lynch. James
Lynch .. r'a life, ran be
hind :  (run and
. :v. Whisky
was at the :Taif
Mining Company Organized.
SANTA c\iv/.. Nov. 11.— The Bowhead
party which returned from Alaska sev
eral montl • . nlzed the Kenai
Mill •*"3 npany with capita!
■ to<~k of ' 'and paid up capital of
- are rs. p. Brown of
Santa Cruz, K. E. Ryan of Stockton. D.
J. Brook:- ::<!, A. S. Lassel] of
! nta Clara.
Their boat, the Bowhead, la lying in
Oakland Creek and will return to"Alaska
in February.
Seventh Regiment Camp.
LOS ANGELES, N vonlh
Regiment <-t California rs will
go into curnp at Agricultural Park- to
morrow and remain possibly three weeks
before being entirely mustered out. The
rs will bp auartered in thn pavilion
and under the grand stand, and the camp
will be a very comfortable one. The sol
tiers are to be fed by contract.
CHAPLAIN McINTYRE ALSO
LOSES A PRETTY FIANCEE
The Wealthy Youog Lady to WJ)om He Was
, Engaged Caoceled Y]er Promise flfter
hjis Dismissal.
DENVER, Nov. 11 —Rev. Dr. J. C. Mclntyre, the dismissed navy chaplain, is suffering from another
blow if gossip here says true. He has not only lost his place in the navy and in a certain sense his honer,
but he has also lost one of the prettiest girls in New York. This young lady, it is said, was soon to be
come the wife of the minister, but cs soon as he was found guilty by the naval court-martial that tried
him his fair fiancee canceled the engagement and sailed away to Paris, where she is now said to be consoling
herself with new scenes.
Dr Mclntyre, BO the story goes, met the young woman in Washington society. Her social position is
excellent and she is independently rich and in her own right. Friends of the chaplain positively refuse
to give out the name of the young lady. But it is said that she resides in one of New York's most
fashionable quarters and that her relatives in Washington are of very high standing.
SIX ROBBERS
UNDER ARREST
Capture of the Great
Northern Bandits.
ALL WERE HEAVILY ARMED
RENDEZVOUSED AT A HOTEL AT
MOORHEAD, MINN.
A Large Reward Was Offered by
the Express Company for
Their Arrest and Con
viction. )
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 11.— A Moor
head (Minn.) special to the Journal
says: Six of the men engaged in the
hold-up of the Great Northern coast
train near Fergus Falls were captured
here this morning by Chief of Police
Murphy. Four of them arrived at the
Exchange Hotel together and two
others came about an hour later and
inquired for the first four. Each man
had two large revolvers. Two sets of
burglar tools and two dark lanterns, to
gether with three sticks of dynamite
and four dynamite caps were found on
them. Each man had three handker
chiefs, and the six had about $200 in
, coin. They gave their names as W. C.
Ross, G. C. Hall, C. F. Huffman, B. L.
Minot, M. Morris and J. B. Edwards.
I No one of them is more than 30 years
'■ old All are bright and intelligent in
; appearance. Three claim to come from
1 Missouri.
• There seems no doubt that they are
the men implicated and that they had
agreed to rendezvous at Moorhead. A
number of other robberies, including
that of an elevator at Evansville and a
bank at Battle Lake, are now credited
to this gang.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 11.— A Fergus
Falls (Minn.) special to the Dispatch
, says: During last night's hold-up Ex
; pressman McGrath, the messenger and
fireman, were compelled to sit in a row
' on the bank under cover of menacing
guns while the highwaymen were at
! work. While attempts to* blow up the
! large safe were in progress Conductor
i Smith sent Brakeman Otto Norsman
| back to flag any approaching trains.
I The robbers fired at him and a bullet
I passed under his arm. cutting the flesh,
, but not inflicting a dangerous wound.
i Norsman was later picked up by a
handcar and taken to Carlisle.
One of the robbers proposed to rob
] the passengers, but the others refused
] to go into the cars, as several men had
taken the alarm and were prepared to
resist. '. _, .
Frank Allen came down from Roths
Bay to-day and reported that the de
pot safe at that place was dragged into
the middle of the floor about midnight,
but that the would-be robbers were
frightened away. The attempt to rob
the bank at Battle Lake and th" rob
bery of the elevator agent at Evans
ville during the past week were evi
dently the work of the snme gang.
The Great Northern Express Com.
Dany to-day offered a reward of $5"00
for the arrest and conviction of the
bandits. The agents say the Express
| Company's loss was very small, the
safe not containing money.
ENGLISH COMMENT ON
TUESDAY'S ELECTION
London Weekly Papers Rsgret That
the Republican Majority Wa3
Not Larger.
London. Nov. U.— The weekly papers,
while they sp<» in Tuesday's election im
proved prospects "f currency legislation,
regret that the Republican success was
not more pronounced. They express a
fear that the result b will encourage con
tinental powers to increase the hostility
toward the annexation of the Philippines
by the United States, although they doubt
tnat there will be any more serious In
tervention than acrimonious protests, "as
the power? are aware that Great Britain,
would not allow the United States to be
overborne by a hostile coalition."
The Spectator Bays: "The statesmen
of the continent universally fear the ad
vent of the United Stat>»u in European
politics. They cannot rid their heads <>f
the Idea that, if they stand together, aa
when they coerced Japan. America wiH
similarly yield. "But their representa
tions at Y.'ashington are likely to Irritate
greatly th«* national pride of the Ameri
can? "leading to a universal support of
;!ent McKinley in a reply which,
however moderate in tone, will, in effect.
be a clear defiance. The excessive fears
felt of an Anglo-Saxon alliance is shown
by the fact that the whole Continent
sees In Lord Salisbury's Guildhall refer
ence to America all manner of menaces."
Looks Bad for Stewart.
RENO. Nov. IL— The latest returns in
dicate that McMillan (R.) has been elect
ed Governor of Nevada. Careful compila
tion of the next Legislature shows for
United States Senator, on joint ballot,
anti-Stewart, 25: for Stewart, 15; doubt
ful. 4. One county having on.- Assembly
man is still to he Ix-ard from.
Good Work of Life-Savers.
GUBBALO. Mich.. Nov. 11.-The St.
Joseph life-saving crew, which came here
by special train last night to rescue the
crew of th> stranded schooner Lena M.
Nellson, succeeded in getting all the men
safely off the wreck. The schooner will
probably be a total loss.
Farmer's Sudden Death.
SONOMA. Nov. 11.-E. H. Wickersham,
I a prominent farmer, died suddenly to-day.
. Ends Life With a Razor.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 11.— Charles A.
Wheeler, former Deputy Sheriff of thia
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, XOYEMBEE 12, 1898.
county, was found dead In the hall of the
Woodmen of the World this morning. He
had severed his jugular vein with a razor.
His wife recently obtained a divorce.
MUCH TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR THE TOLBERTS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.— A special
to the Post from Columbia, S. C, gives
the following story of to-day's develop
ments in the race riots in that State:
Sheriff MoCaslam of Greenwood
County, in which Phoenix is located,
wires the Governor to-day:
"Things perfectly quiet and excite
ment all gone. You cannot rely upon
sensational rumors."
Late news from the scene of the re
cent lynchings indicates that the angry
passions of the' people are subsiding,
and no further bloodshed is now to be
expected unless two negroes, _ Circuit
and White, or Henderson, a white man,
all of whom the crowd wish to secure,
are found. There is every reason to
believe that all three have made good
their escape.
The feeling against the Tolberts
seems to be intense. An impartial
man. who has been at the scene of the
difficulty, says:
'If the Tolberta return to their home
any time soon trouble will inevitably
follow their presence in the neighbor
hood, which, for some time to come, if
will not be a healthy place for
thorn. They are looked upon as the
incit^rs of the trruble."
It is generally thought dangerous to
allow the two Tolberts her" t-> be taken
'■>ack tri Greenwood. One dispatch says,
in speaking of the prospects of further
trouble, if the Tolberts are brought
back there is no jail made that will
stand.
This morning notice was given James
Tolbert, whose wife is postmistress at
McOormick, that he would be allowed
thirty-six hours to leave, but that his
wir> and children will be cared for and
protected. Although James Tolbert is
not known to have had anything to do
with the recent troubles it is said that
he left, going no one knows where.
WIFE OF DREYFUS
APPEALS IN VAIN
Not Permitted Even to Inform the
Exile of the Decision of the
_ Court.
PARIS. Nov. 12.— Mme. Dreyfus, it Is
said, applied at the office of the Colonial
Minister yesterday (Friday) for permis
sion to send her husband some warm
clothing for his return home. Her re
quest was refused on the ground that the
Government would do what was neces
sary. At the same time the authorities
read to her a letter from her husband to
the effect that, having for live months
addressed appeals for a revision to Gen
eral de Boisdeffre without petting any re
ply and being wearied and exhausted by
his useless appeals, he would write no
more to his family or to anybody. He de
pcrlbed himself as ill and dying, and be
queathed "to the generosity of my coun
try the care of rehabilitating my
memory."
Mme. Dreyfus then asked permission to
telegraph to her husband the decision of
the Court of Cassation. This request
also was refused. Then, through a
friend, she appealed to President Faure,
but with no better results.
Her counsel will bring the matter be
fore the Court of Cassation.
MAJOR MARCHAND HAS
STARTED FOR FASHOD,
| CAIRO, Nov. 11.— Major Marchand. com
; mander of the French expedition now at
, Fashoda, and Captain Baratler. who car
ried Marcband's report to Paris and
brought to him the reply of the French
Government, have started for Fashoda. It
.seems there is some hitch regarding the
route he is to take.. It Is undrstood that
i he has received an intimation that he
will get no assistance from the British
: unless he agrees to evacuate all Egyptian
; territory. He hesitates, therefore, to
adi pt the river route.
It is rumored even that his Instructions
• are to establish fresh posts in the Bahr
el-Ghazal basin.
The Cromartyshire Libeled.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. • 11.— Deputy
United .'■'.•*.!• s Marshal Foster shortly be
fore midnight seized the British ship Cro
martysnire <-n 8 iiiie-l Hied by the Trans
atiantic Compagnia Generale for $2,500,000
to recover damages for the collision be
twten the Cromartyshire ar:d the French
passenger steamer La Bourgogne.
Boards the Hohenzollern.
BEYROI'T. Syria, Nov. 11.— Emperor
; William and Empress Augusta Victoria
returned to Beyrout this evening and
i went on board the imperial yacht Hohen
i zollern. which will sail at dawn to-mor
! row, escorted by the German warships
Hela and Herthau.
Killed by a Falling Bridge.
MARYSVILLE. Mo., Nov. 11.— Herman
'■ Schaeffer was instantly killed and his
, two brothers were fatally hurt by the
falling in of a wagon bridge near here
this morning. The men were moving a
: threshing machine and engine.
Offers Crete to Russia.
LONDON, Nov. 12.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
says: It is rumored here that the Sultan
has offered Crete to Russia as a set-off
to the balance of the Russo-Turkish war
indemnity.
Judge's Assailant Sentenced.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 11.— John Denton,
who assaulted Judge Smith, to-day was
sentenced to 100 days in jail or to pay a
tine of $100. He went to jail.
A New Norwegian Flag.
! CHRISTIANIA, Nov. 11.-The Storthing
to-day adopted a resolution to introduce
: a purely Norwegian flag without the em
bleni of the union with Sweden.
Disastrous Firs.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 11.— Fire which
started ta the Town Hall at Covington,
La., destroyed three blocks of buildings.
Loss estimated at $100,000.
A good Arabian horse can canter In
the desert for twenty-four hours in
summer and forty-eight hours in win
ter without drinking..
FIVE KILLED IN
RAILWAY WRECK
Air Brakes Clogged by
Fallen Leaves.
LEHIGH VALLEYCATASTROPHE
PASSENGER TRAINS CRASH TO
- GETHER.
Engineer Bravely Remains at His
Post and Is Badly Scalded by
Water From the Burst
Boiler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Nov. 11.— The
Buffalo Express, on the Lehigh Valley
Railroad, which left New York at 8:30
last night, ran into a New York and
Philadelphia eastbound train going
! east on Wilkesbarre mountain at 3
I o'clock this morning. The following
I are the killed:
WILLIAM TOXHEIMER, fireman.
FRED GLASSER, fireman.
J. C. McGREGOR, express messen
| ger, Easton.
JACOB ENGLEMAN. brakeman,
' Easton.
JOHN McNALLY, engineer. White
haven.
The injured are:
D. E. Price, engineer, New York, bad
ly scalded.
John Robblin, engineer, Wilkesbarre,
badly scalded.
Charles Morgan, express messenger,
scalded about head.
John Shanlleld, brakeman, cut about
head.
The train going east, which was com
posed of an express car, combination
baggage day coach and three sleepers,
. had the right of way on a single track.
The Buffalo Express, in charge of En
gineer Robblin, had orders to stop on a
siding on the mountain and let the New
York express pass. As Robblin ap
proached the siding he discovered that
; the air brakes would not work. The
] train was averaging about thirty miles
an hour, going down grade.
The engineer whistled frantically for
the hand brakes, as he knew the other
, train was, about due. He reversed his
I engine and stuck to his post, but could
! not avert the collision. In less than
i a minute the express from the west,
drawn by two heavy engines, hove into
! sight. A terrible crash followed on a
curve In a deep cut. Nearly all the
passengers on both trains were asleep.
Many of these were thrown fr<vn their
berths by the shock, but none were se
verely injured.
The engines and baggage and express
cars were piled up in a heap in the cut.
The pass-enters rushed from th-> cars,
i hearing the cries of the injured train,
1 men in the wreck, but it was almost
! Impossible to render any assistance.
Flagmen hastened to the nearest tele
graph office and sent word to Wilkes
barre. A wrecking train with a num
ber of physicians and a clergyman was
sent to the wreck, and soon the dead
and injured were taken from under the
; engine and cars. The passengers were
brought to this city, and later a train
was made up and sent over the "cut
off" branch road. The main road is
completely blocked and will not be
clepred for some hours.
An investigation shows that a heavy
windstorm prevailed on the mountain
last nieht. which caused the leaves
from the forest to accumulate on the
track. The engines plowed into the.s»
lenves. which clogged the braking ap
paratus. -■ -■<■• "
BROKE INTO A STABLE.
James Murray, an Iron Molder, Ar
rested for Burglary.
James Murray, aged 19 year*, an iron
molder by occupation, was arrested last
nipht and charg-ed with burglary. Shortly
I after 9 o'clock Murray and a companion,
j who was not arrested, were scon to enter
a stable kopt by John Hayden at Seventh
i and Rrannan streets. Hayden, who lives
, opposite the stable, was at once notified
1 and he determined to arrest the burglars'
i Procuring his revolver he went to tne
! stable and as he entered th~e burglars at
' tempted to escape by jumping throuph an
I open window. Covering Murray wlfh his
revolver Hayden ordered him to stop, un
der the throat of riddling him with bul
lets.
Policeman Morton was then summoned
and he took Murray into custody. At the
City Prison he was formally charged with
| burglary.
During the past few weeks several sets
of harness have been stolen from Hay
den's stable, and he is convinced that
Murray and his pal were t>ie culprits.
Investigation Continues.
First Lieutenant John B. Bennett, Sev
enth United States Infantry, aid to Major
I General Merriam, again visited Fort j
j Baker yesterday, where he spent the en
tire day in further pursuing the investi
! gation of the reports that have been cir
culated concerning certain unmilitary be
havior on the part of the commissioned '
officers of Battery B, California Heavy j
Artillery, now stationed at that place
Lieutenant Bennett, when seen last
i night, refused to make any statement for
I publication beyond admitting that he had
I not aa yet completed his work at the
fort in gathering such information in re
gard to the reports as he will lay before
General Merriam. The men were ex
amined separately yesterday, and their j
testimony taken by a stenographer. The
Investigation will not be continued to- |
day.
Federal Bankrupts.
Julius H. G. Haensel of Eureka, Hum
boldt County, filed yesterday In the
United States District Court a petlttton
In bankruptcy. His debts are $3138 33 and
no assets. Edward Mills of Sacramento
filed a similar petition. He owes $426 15
and owns nothine.
DECREASE OF
IMMIGRATION
FOR THE YEAR
Report of Commis
sioner Powderly.
THREE THOUSAND SENT BACK
SEVERAL CHANGES IN THE
LAWS RECOMMENDED.
More Stringent Regulations Neces
sary lor Properly Guarding
the Canadian Boundary
Line.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 11.—Commis
sioner Oenerai T. V. Powderly of the
Immigration Bureau, in his annual re
port to the Secretary of the Treasury,
gives the total number of immigrants
who arrived in the United States during
the last fiscal year as 229,299, a de
. as compared with the fiscal year
1897, of 1563. Of the whole number
135,775 were, males and 03,534 females;
10,037 came into the United States
through Canada. During the year 3030
were debarred and of this number there
were twelve insane, one idiot, 2261 pau
pers or persons likely to become a pub
lic charge, 257 diseased persons, two
convicts, seventy-nine assisted immi
grants and 417 contract laborers. One
hundred and ninety-nine were returned
within one year after landing.
Of the whole number over fourteen
- of age 1416 could not write, 43,057
could neither read nor write, 27,608 over
twenty years of age had J3O or over
and 9tj,200 had less than $30. The total
amount of money shown by immigrants
during the year was $3,872,077, but the
actual amount brought over was proba
bly greatly in excess of this amount,
ur the whole number of arrivals 55.613
came from Italy, 27,221 from Russia
proper, 25,128 from Ireland, 17,111 from
Germany, 16,659 from Hungary, 12,4i;0
from Galicia and Burkovvina in Aus
tria-Hungary. 12,398 from Sweden and
WB7 from .England.
The commissioner suggests . an
amendment to the laws excepting im
migrants shown to be aJHicted with a
loathsome or a dangerous contagious
ise from the right of appeal or of
a healing before the board of special
inquiry. He also recommends that the
head tax be increased from %i to $2, "so
as to furnish," he says, "a fund suffl
cient to enlarge the bureaus operations
to their full capacity for usefulness in
protecting American citizens from dis
ease, taxpayers from the imposition of
unjust burdens, the hospitals, chari
table and penal institutions from an in
tlux of aliens, native producers from
unjust competition and the social and
political institutions of the country
from demoralization by the corrupt
citizens of other countries."
It is also recommended that the act
which prohibits the expenditure of a
greater sum for immigration purposes
; tha.n Bhall be collected at the port be
repealed.
Mr. Powderly states that the natur
| alization laws of the United States
have been repeatedly violated, and in«
his opinion each arriving immigrant,
when admitted to the United States,
should be provided with a landing cer
tificate setting forth the name, ace, sex,
birthplace of the immigrant, govern
ment to which allegiance is due, the
port from which the vessel sailed, the
name of the vessel, the line it belongs
to, the port it arrives at and the date
of landing. The immigrant should be
instructed by means of circular to re
tain the certificate for presentation
where applying for naturalization pa
pers.
A record of the facts stated in the
said circular as to each immigrant, to
be known as an immigrant directory.
should be kept for each fiscal year by
; the Bureau of Immigration. An act
| of Congress, authorizing such a course
j of procedure, and requiring of the alien
| presenting himself for naturalization
i to produce such a certificate or a dv-
I plicate from the immigrant directory, j
would facilitate the work 6t the courts
I and go far toward preventing the issu
| ance of fraudulent naturalization pa-
The Commissioner General expresses
I the belief that the figures given of the
I arrival of immigrants through Canada
represent only a part of the actual im
! migration through that country, and
pu^tr-pts as a remedy the enactment of
a law authorizing the Secretary of the i
Treasury to designate certain points
along the border separating the United i
i States from the Dominion to be the sole |
; ports of entry to this country of trans- ;
j Atlantic and trans-Pacific immigrants
and of all Canadians who shall not
i have resided in Canada for at leas«
j five years prior to emigration to this
! country. It wou!1 be possible under
such a provision, he says, to abolish
the present official stations on Cana
dian soil and to transfer the officials
so placed to this side of the boundary.
| locating them at such poirts as the
Secretary shall designate, where build- ;
Inea could be erected for the accommo
dation of immigrants pendine examina.
! tion. as at the seaports of the United
i States.
Chosen Friends Mef;t.
There was a called meeting last night
in the hall of Golden Gate Council of the
Order of Chosen Friends of members of
the various local councils. There were
more than 300 ladies and gentlemen
present, and it proved to be one of the
most enthusiastic fraternal meetings that
has been held this year. The purpose was
the discussion of the affairs of the order,
and there were addresses by Grand
Councilor Bophm, Supreme Vice Coun
cilor Hutton, Past Supreme Councilor Ar
nold, Past Grand Councilor Sanborn,
State Senator E. I. Wolfe and Past Su
preme Trustee Gibson. Grand Recorder
Wallis submitted a plan for the extension
of the order, which met with the hearty
indorsement of every one present, and
upon a call of the roll every one rose to
signify a desire to carry out the plan.
The Deadly Slot Machine.
Dave McLaughlln, a laborer, went Into
a saloon at First and Market streets last
night and proceeded to play the nlckel
in-the-siot machine. He won 50 cents, but
the bartender. Otto Arndt. refused to pay
It, claiming that McLaughlln had "work
ed off" a slug.
McLaughlln became obstreperous, when
the bartender struck him over '.he head
with a bottle. Inflicting an ugly scalp
wound. Arndt was arrested and charged
with battery.
Calls Him a Highbinder.
Chun King, a cook a^ 2.27 Pacific ave
nue, swore to a complaint in Judge Con
lans court yesterday for the arrest of
chen Yung Sing, a cook in the adjoining
house, on a charge of petty larceny. King
accuses Sing of being a highbinder and
stealing his watch and chain from him
Thursday in his room. He wan Jealous
of King having a watch, and after asking
him the time snatched It out of his hand
and ran.
Dr. Shrady writes about the de
cadence of business men in next
Sunday's CalL
AN ASYLUM
FOR INSANE
CRIMINALS
Plans to Be Discussed
at San Quentin.
NEED OF THE INSTITUTION
HOW GOOD AND BAD ARE NOW
HERDED TOGETHER.
Dr. T. W. Hatch of the State Lunacy
Commission Expatiates on the
Crying Necessity of
the Step.
F. TV. Hatch of the State Lunacy Ccm
misFion arrived in this city yesterday and
registered at the Lick House. He is
greatly interested in the plans /or a State
asylum for the criminal insane, which
will be discussed at a joint meeting of
the State Prison Directors and the Lun
acy Commission, to be held at San Quen
tin to-day. In discussing the matter Dr.
Hatch said:
"This State has long felt the need of an
asylum for the criminal insane, and if all
I goes well ye will hay» it within a short
time. Ther" are a great number of crim
inals confined within our lunatic asylums
to-day arid the result is very bad. In
the first place their inSuence is demoral
izing to persons who are simply suffering
from a diseased brain with no morbid or
criminal tendencies. A great many are sim
ply shamming, and the result is that
they work among those who are actually
suffering from disease of the brain and
induce them to assist in plans for escape,
for almost every person confined ■\vk.nn
the walls of an asylum is willing nnd
ready to escape at any time the oppor
tunity is offered; they simply need a loud
er, and the criminal insane make good
leaders. The idea is to have an Institu
tion as secure as a prison, with all the
modern facilities for the treatment of
diseases of the brain.
"Aprain, there are a great many people
confined in our State prisons who should
really be under treatment for disorders of
the brain. They are not- exactly insane.
yet they are near enough it to require
treatment which cannot be given them
in the prisons.
"This matter has frequently been dis
cussed at sessions c the Lunacy Commis
sion, and while it is agreeed that the
Slate needed such an institution and
needed it badly, no real, definite action
has been taken. It has generally been
conceded that the best place would be
Folsom. Stone, labor and water are all
there, and the cost of erecting the build
ings necessary would be very slight; in
fact. I think it would be a g^pat saving
to the £tate in the end. as the criminal
lunatic Is always trying to escape and
frequently does escape, and when he once
gets beyond th^ border:-! of the Slate it is
an expensive matter to bring him back.
I oari now recall three murderers who
have escaped from asylums and I am pos
itive that these are only a few cases. One
man got as far as Arizona and it cost the
State a considerable sum tr, get him back.
"As to the size of the building. I think it
should be large enough to accommodate
at least two hundred persons. According
to statistics there are now one hundred
and fifty in the State prisons v.-ho should
really be in asylums, but as there Is no
asylum provided for them they simply
get the treatment of ordinary criminals.
"There sf three plans which will be
brought before the general meeting to
day. The first is for the separate institu
tion: the second is to set apart wards in
the State prisons, and the third to pro
vide wards in connection with the State
institutions already established. It is
doubtful if we will get further than the
appointment of a committee from both
bodies to work in harmony. If we do this
I think there will be little difficulty in
procuring the small appropriation neces
sary from the Legislature."
Dewey on International Law.
E. W. Harden. Commissioner nf the )
State Department at Washington, who ar- j
rived on the Belgic, is responsible for the '•
following characteristic anecdote of Ad
miral Dewey.
Not long since a military officer asked '
him how far international law would per
mit him to go in treating with the insur
gents. "I can go as near in shore as '
there is water to float my ships," replied
Dewey. "and as far inland as I can fire
shells from the guns."
Fell Down an Elevator Shaft.
George 11. Stevens, an employe of
Spaulding's dyeing and cleaning works,
fell down an elevator shaft in their build
ing at 353 Tehama street yesterday after
noon and had his left leg broken. He was
removed to his home at 38 Eighth street.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WHEAT— A. <"\.City. The farmers of San
: Joaquin County sow from one and a half
to two bushels of wheat to the acre.
BLAINE'S PARENTS— W. C. V.. City.
I The father of James G. Blame was a
, Presbyterian and his mother was a Ro
■ man Catholic.
OZONE— J. S.. Oakland. Cal. The raa
| chine that promises so much with ozone
I is not In San Francisco, but in the city of
London.
A FIANCEE— J., Alameda County. Cal.
A young lady who is engaged should not
go out walking- with a young gentleman
I alone in the absence of her affianced hus
i band.
THE POLITICAL, SYSTEM— A snb
; scriber. Oakland. Cal. The political sys
i tern of the United States is the same at
this time as it was before the civil war.
A FAC-SIMILE-J. M. 8.. City. It is
unlawful to print a fac-simile of a United
States bill on one side of a piece of paper
and an advertisement on another and to
circulate the same.
CHINESE— W. S.. Occidental. Cal. Na
tives of China of the Mongolian race can
not become citizens of the United States.
The naturalization of such Chinese is ex
pressly prohibited by section 14, chapter
126. Laws of 1882. ♦
STATIONARY STEAM ENGINEER
ING—J. M. C, Suisun, Cal. There are a
number of books on stationary engineer
ing and on engines, which give full expla
nations. Such can be procured through
any first class book dealer.
THE PRESIDENCY— W. C. V.. City.
A man who is t^ Catholic, or of any other
creed, provided" he is otherwise qualified, j
is eligible to the Presidency of the United
States. A man is not barred from that j
office on account of his religion.
HIS BIRTHPLACE— E. H., Stillwater,
Shasta County. Cal. James D. Phelan
was born in San Francisco, was educated j
in and graudated from St. Ignatius i
College. He was born in 1861. There is no i
such county in Ireland as "County Mott."
WOODEN PLATES —W. X.. City.
Those wooden plates that are used by
bakers and are generally called "picnic
plates" are made of thin sheets of maple
pressed into shape by a machine that
cuts the plate at the same time that it
shapes it.
BOILS— A. S.. City. Boils on the back
of the neck result from various causes, |
but are generally the result of some dis- |
order of the stomach. The treatment
varies, and no general rule can be glv^n.
The patient should place himself under
the care of a competent physician.
PREVENTION OF CRUELTY — 173,
Hay wards, Cal. The offlce of the San
Francisco Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals is In the Parrott
building, C. B. Holbrook secretary. The
offlce of the Alameda County Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ia
in the Central block, Oakland. Mrs. S. C.
Sanford Is the secretary.
A COAL COMPANY— F. J., City. An
answer to the questions asked In regard
to the coal company named would clearly
be an advertisement of a private enter
prise, and as this department does not
advertise the business of any company
or firm it cannot furnish the desired infor
mation.
A TEN-TON CAR— S.. City. A ten-ton
freightcar will carry 90 barrels of flour, 70
of lime, 70 of salt, 200 sacks of flour, 6
cords of wood, from 80 to 100 head of
sheep, 50 to fiO hogs, IS to 20 head of cat
tle. 20.000 pounds of butter, 6000 feet of
lumber. 340 bushela of wheat. 3(3o of barley,
370 of apples, 400 of corn, 430 of potatoes,
1000 of bran, 6SO of oats and 360 of flax
seed.
THE HELEN W. ALMY— A. A. S., Ala
meda, Cal. The 1 Helen W. Almy. Captain
W. J. Hogan, which cleared from , San
Francisco for Prince William Sound, hav
ing on board, besides the crewand officers,
thirty miners, bound for Copper River,
was capsized off Point Reyes, Monday
March 21, 18'J8, and every one on board
was drowned.
CAPTURED ANI^DESTROYED— A. S.,
Stockton, Cal. As yet no official list of
vessels captured and of those destroyed
by the United States in the war with
Spain has been published. A person with
time and Inclination can obtain an ap
proximately accurate list by scanning tha
daily papers from the 22d of April. 1898,
when the Buena Ventura, the first vessel,
was seized by the United States.
AN ENLISTED MAN— S. P., City. If
a married man enlisted in the volunteer
service of the United States during tha
war with Spain and made false represen
tations as to the fact of marriage, the
matter should be reported to the head
quarters of the Department cf the Pa
cinV. In the Phelan building. If. since
his enlistment he has neglected his lam
liy an<l failed to make any provision for
the support of his children, then the mat
ter should be drawn to the attention of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children.
RELIGION OF PRESIDENTS— A. R.,
City. Religion is not a qualification for
the Presidency, of the United States. A
man of any religion may be nominated
for the office. The religion of those who
have held that office i.~ as follows: Epis
copalians — "Washington, Madison, Monroe,
W. IT. Harrison. Tyler. Taylor, Fillmore,
Pierce and Arthur; Presbyterians—Jack
son, Polk, Buchanan ad and B.
Harrison; Methodists— Lincoln. Johnson,
Grant. Hayes and McKlnley; t'ongrega
tionalVtS—J. Adams and J. Q. Awams;
Liberal — Jefferson; Dutch Reformed
Church— Van Buren; Church of the Dis
ciples—Gariield.
ROBIN ADAIR— The Reader, City. The
author of the sons. "Robin Adair." that
is the popular edition, is not known.
There is no record of the author's name.
The air. which is the Irish one of "Eileen
Aroon," first became popular in England
in the latter part of the eighteenth cen
tury. English words were written for it
and" there are several versions, all having
Robin Adair as a refrain. Burns wrote a
Scottish version, but, as before tlaled, it
is not known who the author of the pres
ent song is. A Robert Adair. an ancestor
of the later Viscount Molesworth,
in County Wicklow in the early part of
the eighteenth century-
CHRISTMAS BOXES FOR SOLDIERS
—A Subscriber, Napa, Cal. The Christ
mas packages that friends and relatives
desire to nd to soldiers at Manila by the
St. Paul, advertised to sail on the 17ih
inst., should be of moderate size, packed
In strong wooden boxes, the contents se
curely stowed to avoid shifting, and if
any goods in glass, such as jellies ami
marmalades, be sent, the glass should bo
encased in tin so that in case of accident
al breakage the contents will not leak
onto other articles. The packages should
be well and clearly marked, with name of
the Individual, branch of the service he
is in— if In the army, letter of company,
number of regiment and title, commis
sioned, non-commissioned officer or pri
vate; if in the navy the name of the ship
he was on when last heard from. Pack
ages should be sent to the Quartermas
ter's Department, No. 139 Jessie street,
San Francisco, as soon as possible.
CURING LEMONS— G. W. M.. Wyan
dotte. Cal. Professor E. J. Wlckson, su
perintendent of the department of univer
sity extension of agriculture of the Uni
versity of California, to whom your ques
tion as to the curing of lemons was sub
mitted, has kindly furnished the follow
ing answer:
A good way to cure lemons, either on a
email or large scale, is to Dick the fruit while
it Is still greeii in color, with the greatest pre
caution against bruising, and place it in staal
low trays or boxes In a dry, moderate!;
and dark place where there is good ventila
tion, but no draughts or currents of air. Green
lemons thus treated will assume a beautiful
yellow color, and the nnd. which is at first
thick am: full of sap and easily bruised, will
become thin and silky, capable of mucn
handling without bruising. This is the com
mon method of curing iemonK. Various forms
of buildings and curtng-rooSM are contrived to
apply it. It is not a quick method, as it rt -
quires a few weeks, v.lth picking over of the
fruit at intervals, but a cured lemon will keep
for months, to be used or marketed at the most
desirable time afterward. The only method of
curing lemons which can be called a quick
process Is one devised at O vlna, L«.is Angeles
County, and consists in placing the lemon? on
tray.' in the curing-room and sweating them
for seventy-two hours in a higil temperature
by means of steam or other artificial heat, at
the same time changing the air in the depart
ment rapidly by means of blowers, the air es
caping through ventilators in the roof. Thus
the lemons are progressively <lri«d as they
sweat. It is claimed that in that way the
lemon can be cured In seventy-two hours so
that the moisture is all tak-^n out of the skin,
tr.aking it like a piece of buckskin. Some fa
vorable results have been secured by that
method during; the past summer, but fuller
trial is needed to demonstrate its value. It
is evidently not adapted to economical use
on a small scale.
SCENTED WOMEN.
The papers are amusing themselves by
discussing whether it is justitiable for a
woman to scent herself by means of hy
podermic injections. It seems to us that
there is nothing to discuss. Women who
money and no occupation will al
ways do loolish things. They are at the
mercy of every quack and charlatan, and
nothing that we can say is likely to have
much effect on their roily. People who
consult palmists and fortune tellers are
likely enough to take up any new craz-.
As a matter r.f fact, the custom of scent
ing the breath and the body oy the us©
of drugs injected under the skin is by no
means new, and there are many estab
lishments in Paris and elsewhere which
exist solely for this purpose. The mas
sage shops would haVe adopted the idea
long ago, but their customers are ex
clusively men, and man's folly does not
run in this particular direction. We have
seen a neat little outfit consisting of a
hypodermic syringe and a number of can
nuUi" obtained from one of the Paris
houses, ar.d we have b&en made acquaint
ed with the formula of .c solutions em
ployed, but it would serve no useful pur
pose to make them public. We can only
express a hope that the apparatus is.
aseptic, or at all events thac it is occa
sionally washed, for if this precaution is
neglected there is likely to be a pretty
general dissemination of disease, and
some of the ladiea who now find time
hang heavily on their hands will be less
pleasantly occupied than they had an
ticipated.— Pritish Medical Journal.
THE KING AND THE COMET.
Casslni, an Italian by birT*?i. was the best
known of the astronomers of the Paris
Observatory when founded by Louis XIV,
and, in consequence, posterity has very
generally supposed he was the director.
That he failed to be such was not from
any want of astuteness. It is related that
the monarch ence visited the observatory
to see a newly discovered comet through
the telescope. He inquired in what direc
tion the comet was going to move.
Tills was a question it was impossible
to answer at the moment, because both
observations and computations would be
necessary before the orbit could be
worked out. But Cassini reflected that
the King would not look at the comet
again, and would very soon forget what
he had told him; he therefore described
its future path ir the heavens quite at
random, and with entire confidence that
any deviation of the actual motion from
his* prediction would never be noted by
his royal patron.— Atlantic Monthly.
T.HE GOVERNOR 7JILK.S
witfe
JILICE RIX
The .Mopning Jlf tcp Election.
ijs[ .NEXT SMDJIY'S CJILL
34
EXPOSE OF SHERMAN`S CRAFTY MANIPULATION
IN THE LOS ANGELES RAILROAD SPECULATION
How the McDonalds Were Led on
to 'Financial Disaster
and Dishonor.
Spies of the Pacific Bank Discover
the Conspirator's Plans-Pen
Studies.
The Call presents this morning a crlt- j
lcism of the Los Angeles Electric road ■
deal in which the Pacific Bank and the
People's Home Savings Bank became I
involved through the agency of Moses. j
H. Sherman. This criticism is as j
thorough and scathing as was that of |
J. H. Woodard, which was published j
yesterday morning in The Call. The ,
critic whose expert opinion is pub-;
lished this morning was George M. J
Mitchell, a confidential adviser of the j
McDonalds and a trusted employe of
the Pacific Bank. After the McDon- i
aids had been inveigled into the Los
Angeles Electric deal, Dick McDonald :
sought to fortify himself in his posi- j
tion or to discover some means through
Which he could retire without loss from j
the speculation. He delegated J. H. \
Woodard and George M. Mitchell to ,
make the necessary investigation. I
Woodard was more thoroughly in- !
formed than Mitchell, but the latter j
rendered a report that was extremely :
valuable, particularly- in the light of '■
subsequent events.
He showed, in the first place, that
Sherman resisted every effort of in^
quiry and objected particularly to any
mv Btigation that would reveal the con- j
dition of his books. Mitchell discov- |
ered at that time that the Los Angele* ;
manipulator was in collusion with A. |
F. Johns and closely allied with him
ki every affair that might prove of mu
tual advantage. When Mitchell sought ;
to obtain any information in reference
to the books he was quietly informed i
by Sherman that A. F. Johns had al- j
ready obtained every fact that could
possibly be of any benefit to the Pa- ,
cine Bank and its manager. When the
investigator found that it was out of j
the question for him to expect any co- ;
operation on the part of Sherman he in- j
stituted an independent inquiry and '
submitted his report to K. H. McDon
ald Jr.
This report should have led the de- :
luded banker out of the speculation, j
Its only material result w»*3 to cost i
Mitchell his position with McDonald.
The young man earned for his labors
the ill will of the McDonalds and the
hatred of Sherman. He had the satis*
faction, however, of contributing to the i
secret history of the Pacific Bank one
of Its most interesting chapters. He
sketched three pen pictures and gave
to the public a most interesting char
acter study of Moses H. Sherman, J.
F. Crank and J. H. Woodard. This
criticism of Mitchell is of great value
to a thorough understanding of the
great Los Angeles Electric road deal
that led the McDonald banking insti
tutions to destruction. While engaged
in his inquiry George ML Mitchell met
Charles Dxinsmore, who was then a
member of the banking commission.
Mr. Dunsmore was a close friend of
M. H. Sherman. Through the agency
of Mr. Sherman a brother-in-law of
Mr. Dunsmore was placed in the Los
Angeles bank.
The report of Mr. Mitchell on the
attitude of Mr. Dunsmore might there
fore have been expected. Mr. Mitchell
reported to his employer that Duns
more, who is now secretary of the bank
commission, was very favorably dis
posed toward the McDonalds and was
very much pleased to know that they
had taken the awful burden of the
Riverside bank upon their backs. Dur
ing his investigation in the southern
part of the State Mr. Mitchell also met
Colonel J. H. Woodard, whose name in
variably had a paralyzing effect or»
Sherman. Woodard had already re
ceived $1000 from the Los Angeles Eiec
tric Itoad Company and was at that
time engaged in hounding Sherman for
$1400 more. Mitchell's letters contrib
ute a very valuable element to the his
tory of the banks.
SHERMAN BALKED AT ANY INVEST-
IGATION OF HIS AFFAIRS.
George M. Mitchell was as unsparing
in his criticism of Sherman as was
Colonel Woodard. Mitchell was an em
ploye of the Pacific Bank, and in the
middle of 1592 was sent by R, H. Me- j
Donald Jr. to the eouthern part of the !
State to investigate the affairs of the j
Riverside Bank and of the Los Ans- ! s
Electric Railroad. At the very time
Mitchell was making his investigatidri !
Woodard was compiling his sensational
rep'Tt on the Los Angeles road.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Get one cake
of it.
Nobody ever
stops at a cake.
report, as already indicated, revealed
to young McDonald the dangerous
character of the ground upon which
he was standing. While Mitchell was
not able to secure the detailed facts
that Woodard had obtained, he was
nevertheless able to see that considera
ble fraud and a great deal of misrepre
sentation: were being used to keep the
Pacific Bank in the gigantic scheme
that Sherman expected would bring
him a fortune.
When Mitchell arrived In Los An
i geles on his mission of inquiry he
; found that A. F. Johns had preceded
I him. Johns, as a matter of fact, was
I not only Dick's sycophant, but Sher
! man's ally. In a letter written on
August 2, 1592. Mitchell indicated the
1 difficulties under which he sought in
formation in reference to either the Pa
j ciflc or the People's banks. All of
: his questions were either parried or
evaded by Sherman, who declared he |
| had given all the information neces- j
i sary to A. F. Johns, and that nobody
i else would»recp;ve it. This led Mitchell
;to believe that Johns and Sherman
were in a conspiracy to ruin the Pa
cific Bank and to misrepresent the true
. condition of affairs of th<^ Los Angeles I
Electric Railroad. In the letter that I
will follow Mitchell expressed his opin- '
1 ion. and in doing ?o exposed one of the !
essential facts of the history of the j
banks' ruin. Excernt? from this im- I
I portant letter are as follows:
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Aug. 2, 1892.
R. H. McDonald Jr., V. P. Pacific Bank
—My Dear Sir: This morning I called on '■
; Mr. Sherman: it was the first time I ever !
, had an opportunity to meet him. He re- ;
: ceived me very kindly and informed me i
■ that he knew of me and my intended visit ;
■ and informed me that there was nothing I
that I could do for him; that Mr. Johns j
had done it all. He was very sorry that ;
; I had met Mr. Crank or Mr. Spence be- I
fore seeing him. I was surprised, to say j
, the least, and in reply to my questions he !
assured me that Mr. Johns would be fur- !
i nishpd with statements, fierures. etc. i.xr. '<
Sherman insisted that I should do noth- i
j ing. In fact. Insisted, as the director ot
th«» Pacific, that I should do nothing and
i said that the interference by a strnnge
man with his interests would not be al- i
! lowed.
I corfeps I was at a loss just how to !
proceed, so I sought again advice of Mr.
Crank and pave him In substance the In- I
I terviews with Mr. Spence, Mr. Clark and !
; Mr. Sherman. He admitted he did not i
I quite understand the turn affairs had I
takpn and advised to write to you for par
ticulars. I am. yours truly.
GEORGE M. MITCHELL.
MITCHELL HAD A "FINE" TALK
WITH BANK COMMISSIONER
DUNSMORE
When George M. Mitchell went south
in 1R92 for R. H. McDonald he had
other duties besides an investigation of
j the Los Angeles Railroad. He was
A CHARACTER STUDY OF MOSES H. SHERMAN.
After the Pacific Bank had been made insolvent by Its disastrous speculation In the Los Angeles electric railroad; R. H.
McDonald Jr. sent George M. Mitchell to investigate the affairs of the road and report its condition. In this report
Mitchell gave an extremely interesting pen picture of the three great, characters in the Los Angeles deal. Tho in
vestigator, -with unsparing | and -. critical touch," outlined the . qualities ■of Sherman, J. P. ' Crank and J. ; H. \ Wpodard,
The fac-simile given above is an excerpt from that part of Mitcuell's letter which deals with M. H. Sherman.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1898.
BANK COMMISSIONER DUNSMORE WAS PROPITIOUS.
While George M. Mitchell was engaged In the Investigation of the affairs of the Los Angeles Electric Railroad he
devoted some of his time to an inquiry Into the condition of the Riverside Bank. This bank had become
practically a dead weight upon the Pacific Bank. The Bank Commissioners were watching it with suspi
cious eyes, and Mitchell reported to his employer that he had met Charles Dunsmore, who was then a Bank
Commissioner, and had found him extremely favorable in his attitude. Mitchell's report, in conjunction
with subsequent developments in the history of the bank, is extremely significant. Part of the letter which
he wrote to the vice president of the Pacific Bank is given in fac-simile above.
! delegated by Dick to look into, the af
i fairs of the Riverside Bank, that had
I become a tremendous burden to the Pa
! ciflc. In connection with this inquiry
j Mitchell met Charles Dunsmore, who
i was then Bank Commissioner and is
I now secretary of the commission. Duns
| more was at that time for a variety
! of reasons favorable to the McDonalds
I and their interests, and in the follow
ing letter Mitchell shows how extreme
i ly favorable Dunsmore was in refer
' ence to the Riverside Bank:
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 14, 1892.
R. H. McDonald Jr., V. P. Pacific Bank,
' San Francisco — My Dear Sir: I saw Mr.
i Charles Dunsmore, Bank Commissioner,
I this morning and had a fine talk with him.
I He was In my room. We of course talked
1 about the Riverside Banking Company.
! He seemed very much interested and as
sured me that the Commissioners were
pleased and felt easier now that they
know your bank was taking such an in
■ terest in getting the Dyers fixed up. He
' thought there was no danger for the near
j future and assured me that the Dyers as
well as all the directors knew exactly
I how matters stood. I am. yours truly,
GEORGE M. MITCHELL.
;the three great actors in
sherman's conspiracy— a
character study.
On August 24, 1892. Mitchell wrote an
exceptionally important letter, in which
he drew a character word study of the
three leading figures in the Los An
geles Electric road deal. These three
men were Colonel J. H. Woodard, the
nemesis and implacable enemy of
Sherman, J. F. Crank and Moses H.
Sherman himself. Crank and Sher-
man were enemies. Sherman had
made a deliberate attempt to ruin
Crank and had failed. Woodard was !
a close personal friend of Crank and
was intimately acquainted with the af- ]
fairs of the Los Angeles Electric Rail- ',
road. When Mitchell wrote his lettev I
Dick McDonald was deeply concerned ;
to learn every fact in connection with ;
the road, and Mitchell told him at that
time that he did not believe Sherman
was acting honestly in his administra
tion of the affairs of the road. The
letter that will follow Is a very long
one, but is of vital Importance in a cor
rect understanding of how Sherman :
trapped the Pacific Bank into a sup
port of his gigantic scheme. If any
effort be made by the robbed deposi
tors to gain some of their money that
went into the Electric road this letter
of Mitchell's will be extremely valua
ble.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 24, 1892.
R. H. McDonald Jr.. V. P. Pacific
Bank— My Dear Sir: What I am to
write to you may possibly exceed what
you may think may be the object of my
being: here, but I hope not and believe it
will show to you that I have not been
Idle. I also feel that whatever knowledge
I may be In possession of belongs to you.
I wish to write of the three particular
men connected dlrpctly and Indirectly
with the subject at hand. I wish to speak
first of Mr. Crank. I inferred from what
you told me that you not only considered
his ability as a business man, also his In
tegrity and honesty of purpose, but also
in the sfhcerlty of his iriendship toward
you. I have found him to be a very
pleasant person as well as a thorough
business man, studious, industrious and
faithful in the discharge of the duties
of his position. The management In my
opinion could not be more thorough and
no one could be more in sympathy with
the successful operation of his business
than is Mr. Crank. He is not a man that
favors any underhand arrangements and
seemed to be pleased when any proposi
tion Is presented that looks toward the
consummation of his plan of consolida
tion, -whereby all parties that are inter
1s presented that looks toward the
ummation of his plan of consolida
, whereby all parties that are inter
ested or have been interested will realize
the most for their original investment,
Second— Mr. Sherman impresses me en
tirely different. To be sure I have heard
of him a number of times before and a
great deal about him, but will say honest
ly that I was not prejudiced or biased
against him, as I had never had the
pleasure of a personal- acquaintance, and
I called at his office the first time with
the very I friendliest feeling. The recep
tion that was accorded me had a very
unpleasant effect, but as I have already
written and told you all about It, it Is
not necessary for me to repeat it here,
but I cannot help but think * time with
very friendliest feeling. The recep
l that was accorded me had a very
leasant effect, but as I have already
tten and told you all about it, it is
necessary for me to repeat it here,
1 cannot help but think now as I
recall what he said to me and how he
said it, I thought very differently of him,
of his ability, of his honesty and of his
intentions and desires from what I would
have done if he had been definite and
more frank with me.
Comparisons are sometimes very un
satisfactory and not very pleasant to
make, but when I make the comparison
between Mr. Crank and Mr. Sherman I
am convinced that there is between the
two nothing in common. I believe Sher
man to be visionary and imaginary in the
extreme, a man that is not capable of
planning so as to see the end from
the beginning; us man who has no from
beginning; a man who has no knowl
edge of details; a man who cannot con
line himself from anything else but
dreams without the ability or the stand
ing to be able or to have the influence
to have them executed.
I believe him absolutely incapable of
presenting a plan where business men will
be able to follow out with detail. I find
it is impossible for Mr. Sherman to talk
any great length of time on any one sub
ject. Not that he would not do it with
me, that cuts no figure, but Mr. Crank
says that he will not and could not do
it with him; that it is an impossibility
for Mr. Crank to engage his attention on
any one subject or scheme or plan for
even a few minutes in succession. I do
not know, so I will not say positively,
but I think and I believe that all the
transactions of Mr. Sherman's company
are not kept in regular business like man
ner, that is I mean that no complete or
systematic set of accounts are kept. I
am satisfied that Mr. Sherman does not
and will not tell to those that are interest
ed all that he knows with regard to the
disposition of funds or the incurring of ex
penses. I do not like*, to say and yet I
know you will excuse me for saying it
I do not think Mr. Sherman is honest with
you.
Third — I need only say a few words in
regard with Mr. Woodard. You know
i him but not, perhaps, quite as well as I
!do now. Let me say first that I think
j he is a smart man, bright and a regular
bulldog as far as determination ■is con
cerned, but a man of the meanest de
scription of principle that can possibly
be had. He hates Sherman. He is bound
to ruin him for no purpose except a de
sire to ruin somebody. 1 do nut think
he has any just cause, but that cuts ho
figure with him. I am satisfied that he
has only friendly feeling toward you, but
to strike at Sherman he wishes also to
strike at Sherman's assistants, whether
it is you or anybody else, it makes no
difference to h.m. • He has heard Sher
man say a great deal in regard to the
way he is being assisted by you. He
defends his act by saying that Sherman is
a dangerous man for the community and
ought to be out of the • way, and that
you ought not to assist him, and that
you by assisting him enable the rascal
to still continue his rascality. All along
he has talked about suing Sherman fur
this $1400. He seemed to think that com
mencing the suit it would be impossible to
ignore the relationship that exists between
your bank and- Sherman, . but I was
pleased to learn last evening while talk
ing with him that he had got on to other
ground, Sherman's political aspirations in
Arizona.
I caught at the straw as quick as I
could and argued with him that if it was '
absolutely necessary for him to commence
suit would it not be well for him to take
up the Arizona matter exclusively and ;
leave the Pacific Bank out entirely. He
told me about having a talk with Mr.
Crank. Told 1 had urged him to postpone
any further action and to give you time
to think and act. I promised nothing,
only advised him; to wait, He said he
needs money. No "doubt he does, and he
put his feeler to me. "If Mr. McDonald
has the influence with Mr. Sherman that I
think he has I think he ought to insist on
Mr. Sherman making a settlement with
me." Now, he says, as a matter of fact
if they have not got the $1400 to give me
why let them give me $700. I asked him if
he would be satisfied with that, but he
would not commit himself. As I said be
fore Mr. Wooaard is a smart man and one
who has for the ,last two years been
studying these roads and tneir doings and
their intentions and certainly is- the best
posted, man, taking it all together, in re
gard to these roads of any one here. Now
as regards the railroads. Los Angeles is a
city of 60.000 and they have here 100 nines
of street railway. ' The city covers a great
deal of ground and from one extreme to
the: other it is a long way with block
after block between the extremes where
not a soul lives. 1 believe ! Log ■ Angeles
will arrow. ■ ■ ,
There is no doubt of it and I believe it
will fill up. That it has got to do this
to make the railroad system a success and
protit. If the Electric Company is pay
ing expenses it is more tTian people here
think, and if it is only paying ex
penses it is running way behind.
Considering that if the city will increase
by a half, expenses then might be met,
but in live years the Bystem will be an old
worn out system and would have to, by
that time, bo replaced from beginning to
end So 'how can the future oe looked
upon .is a safe investment? Mr. Crank
telis mo that in San Francisco there is,
say, 2O'J miies of street railway. Their
daily income is $25,000— that is, at the rute
of $125 per day per mile. The expenses
of running these roads Is less than they
could possibly hope for fol some t»me in
lioa Angelos. Now compare that with L"s
Angeles with 100 miles of railway. 60,wK)
at the greatest, source of Income $L 5 per
mile, so ti. ■ -haif as many milts
rancisco and $15
I mile. The.se are
facts and must be considered when uis
counting the future of Los Angel
wish I was qualified to possibly make I
tliese facts more plain to you, but what I
wish to be understood as meaning and
j thinking is that in no way ran i sec that
! by perfecting this affair can you hope for
' success and further that to continue with
1 a man like Sherman cannot but make
' your condition and position worse.
Now, my dear sir, I hope you will ac
! cept this letter in the spirit in which it is
! given It is only Intended for you, for 1
' have oniy your interests at heart, with
: out any care for myself, for the results
i or any favors to ask from any one.
I sent you a paper yesterday arjd
i marked the item "Arizona Politics.' Sir.
Crank says he saw Sherman Monday
morning for the purpose of talking busi
ness but would only say a few words be
fore he would get off on that article and
walk the room and cussed the *~aper for
printing the article. Mr. Sherman was
completely off his base and as a matter of
fact disgusted Mr. C. completely. I am,
yours truly, GEQRGE M MITCHELL.
-JAYHAWKER- WAS IN PERSISTENT
DEMAND OF MONEY FROM
SHERMAN.
On September 3, 1892, Mitchell gave
his employer," Dick McDonald, a few
more facts in reference to Woodard
and Sherman, referring particularly to
Sherman's effort to get rid of Woodard
and to turn the newspaper man loose
on Dick McDonald. Woodard was still
in hot chase after $1400 from Sherman
and Mitchell informs Dick in the fol
lowing letter how Sherman is going to
make a hurried trip East and ship the
whole matter on the shoulders of Dick.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept 3, 1892.
R. H. McDonald Jr., V. P. Pacific Bank
—Dear Sir: I saw Mr. Crank and
ard. Mr. Crank told me that Mr. Sher
man was going to start East next Tues
day—was going to New Hampshire or
Vermont after the money of an estate
that was being settled— was going to put
up his railroad bonds as security or
would sell them if he could. He S— im
agines that he could do with them about
as he wishes to. Mr. Woodard is Quite
vexed and says he must have money.
Mr. Crank says he is doing all he can
with Sherman in order to get the matter
fixed before he, S., goes away, but can t
get anything definite out of him. How
ever, I promise to wire you to get per
mission to pay over the amount. That
looks as if Sherman wanted to lay all ol
the blame on you. And while Crank and
Woodard know you are not the one who
is standing in the way. Woodard so ex
pressed it to me. I told W. what you
had written me, to tell him, and I really
believe he is desirous to delay whatever
he has to do on your account. I am
yours truly, GEORGE M MITCH ELL.
The foregoing letter ended George M.
Mitchell's connection with the Los An
geles Electric Railway and the people
interested in the project. Mitchell re
mained in the service of McDonald in
the southern part of California for
I some time later, and made various re
1 ports on the condition of the Riverside
Bank. He declared that the Dyers
were simply using Dick for their own
private, seifish purposes, and did not for
i a moment intend to be either fair or
j honest with him. Miss Dyer was
! called all sorts of names and that end
! Ed Mitchell's investigation of her af
j fairs.
To-morrow morning The Call will be
; gin the publication of the diverting let
j ters of Moses H. Sherman. These let
ters form a most remarkable episode
in the secret history of the Pacific
Bank. They will show to what depths
| of sycophancy a man will descend in
his search for money. They will illus
trate how Bank Commissioners, courts,
Legislatures and high officials are used
to support and sustain tottering banks.
The letters of Mr. Sherman will give
the public a more detailed understand
ing of financial crookedness. Over the
signature of Mr. Sherman him
self The Call will show that
the great conspirator took mani
fest pride in his assumed ability to cor
rupt the bank commission and prevent
| it from closing the doors of institutions
that were systematically robbing the
public. _____________
POSTOFFICE PEOPLE
BANQUET MR. LOUD
GAVE ROYAL FAREWELL TO THE
CONGRESSMAN-ELECT.
Good Meat, Good Wine and Good
Story Make Merry an Evening
at Marchand's.
"A few of his postal friends," as the
menu had it, entertained Hon. Eugene F.
Loud, Congressman that was— and is— at
a banquet last evening at Marchand's.
There were just eleven who sat to table
and they made as jolly a party as ever
foreswore politics and grosser things for
the delights of good viands.
It was a farewell dinner to the Con
gressman-elect. During his administra
tion as chairman of the Congressional
postal committee, Mr. Loud won the sin
cere friendship and admiration of every
hard worked postofflce official in the land
by his consistent policy and numerous
reforms in the system. Out here on the
coast where he was known personally
to nearly all of the postal people, the re-i
suits of his good work were particularly
noticeable, and it was to do him honor
that Postmaster Montague and a number
of his co-workers invited him to the head
of the bright, flower-decked table made
ready for them last evening at Mar
chand's.
It was essentially an informal affair
with lots of good eating and drinking and
stories. Politics was tabooed; there were
no explanations of how it happened to
the Democrats, and Congress itself was
mentioned but once, and that when a
hearty toast was drunk to the continued
success and brilliant career of the re
turning member.
Those who sat down with the guest of
honor were Postmaster W. W. Montague,
H. P. Thrall, R. R. Munro, B. F. McKin
ley, W. A. Robinson, D. S. Richardson,
A. M. Cox, D. Coyne, L. H. Bricker and J.
W. Erwin.
Town Talk.
' That ; remarkable satirist, L.. E. Phil
lips, has a story in this week's Town
Talk that will give lovers food: for
thought. An election storiette, verses,
graphologies! delineations, portraits and
editorials are among Town Talk's con
tents, and Phil Garlic has -some readable
aftermath. The Saunterer writes of the
cushion tea, candidates who won, pretty
wives of Senators, 'gossip and other
matters. . Mary Frances Francis has
musical reviews, and "A Doll's House is
dissected. Town Talk is sold on all trains
and by all news dealers. '"•;.-_. - / : . . .
Smuggled Cigars Seized.
Two thousand six hundred smuggled
Manila cigars were seized on the Belglc
yesterday morning by customs seari
The cigars were concealed in tne crew s
(iiu'riors in the fort peak.
Aethma, bronchitis, catarrh eureg-uaranfd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium, BTIPiIW, nr. Kearny. S.F. Cai.
Sermon on Marriages.
Rabbi Myers will preach this morning
at 11 o'clock in Bush-street Temple The
subject of his discourse wih be Alur
riagL-s."
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
ax_, cold tub baths; -/Saltwater, direct from ocean.
BEQUEATHS HIS
ALL TO WAIFS
Eccentric Pawnbroker's
Peculiar Will.
REMEMBERS THE HOMELESS
ESTATE TO BE HEXD LNT TRUST
FOR UNFORTUNATES.
California Heirs of Orlando D. Had»
sell of Chicago Pool Issues to
Contest His Last t
Codicil.
Special Dispatcn to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— The heirs of Or
lando D. Hadsell, several of whom live
at Reedley, Fresno County, Cal., pro
pose to contest the will by which the
eccentric old pawnbroker devised his
estate in trust for 100 girl waifs of thia
city for 100 years, at the end of that
time to be divided equally between 1000
waifs of both sexes who may then be
chosen as final beneficiaries.
The will was filed to-day and is a
unique document. After making sun
dry small bequests to relatives as keep
sakes he explains why he leaves tha
property to the unfortunate poor, con-»
eluding thus:
Every moment of my life I have been
a firm believer in Christian religion, and
knowing now my earthly pilgrimage 13
wll nigh run I will and bequeath to the
poor and lowly of God's children, except
ing only a few remembrances to some
of my kind friends and kindred. There
fore, I request that all of my estate b«
put and kept in secure and interest tami
ng shape, or renting at the greatest
profit, always and ever keeping well se
cured against loss by fire or failures or
panics, and all changes and investments
to be made only on the counsel and ad
vice of my herein named trustees, as be
low, all income (all interests and rents
net) from said estate to be appropriated
thusly:
That in the month of June each year
have three charitable loving persons se
lect from waifs and destitute children
of the city, 100 girls at 11 years of age
(as near aa may be known) and apply
all of said income to the purchase of good,
substantial clothing for each one of tha
100 girls, to share alike in dividend, but
none of the waifs to be selected but on«
year.
At the end of 100 years the bequest
is to be converted into cash and di
vided equally between 1000 waifs of
both sexes, the money to be deposited
In bank for them until they reach the
age of 21. The trustees of the First
Methodist Church are made trustees of
the fund.
The natural heirs, who have pooled
their interests, are as follows: Homer
A. Hadsell, raisin grower, Reedley, Cal.,
who is in the city to fight the bequests;
Sidney F. Hadsell, Reedley, Cal., a
brother; Frederick Hadsell, Reedley,
Cal., a nephew, and a number of oth
ers. The estate is valued at $50,000.
DECLINE
-T-| DECLINE
?wCT' DECLINE
WCaK * I DECLINE
8 DECLINE
DECLINE
MEANS NOTHING MORE OR LESS THAN
wasting away of the tissue of ! the bcdy,
and this comes too often (in men) from dissi-
pation, abuse, loss of self-control and insidi-
ously sapping bad habits. Nature never in-
tended that you should rack and harass your-
self; that you should stay out all night, drink
all day or abuse yourself. It is this very abuse
that creates this wasting away of the forces
of . nature.
REPENTANCE COMES not too late If you
get couneel of a good, reliable doctor or corps
of epeclal doctors, such, for Instance, as the
Hudson Medical doctors. These doctors have
created the world-famed Hudyan . Remedy
treatment for diseases and disabilities of men.
This Hudyan can only be had from • Hudson.
No one else knows the secret process; no on«
else can give you Hudyan. Sometimes Hudyan
CURES IN A WEEK.
CURES IN A WEEK.
Hudyan cures failing or declining manhood
and bashfulness, fits man for marriage, cures
wasting disorders, bad dreams, loss of strength,
loss of power, loss of capacity. . Makes a new
man out of you. Hudyan cures Evil Dreams,
Varicocele, ; Spermatorrhea, Losses. Hudyan
cures wherever you go, do as you will.
CIRCULARS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
THIRTY-DAY CURE
THIRTY-DflY CURB
THIRTY-DAY CURB
Is the blood poison cure. This euro cures first.
secondary or tertiary forms of blood poisoning.
THIRTY-DAY CIRCULARS FREE.
AT OFFICE Consultation.
AT OFFICE Private Diagnosis.
AT OFFICE First Remedy Treatment.
AT OFFICE First Catarrh Treatment.
AT OFFICE First Blood Treatment.
AT OFFICE Electric Bath.
FREE. Ozo Bath.
FREE. Vapor Bath.
, FREE. Massage. !
FREE. Developing Process.
FREE. Private Examination.
FREE. Free Talk. *:>■»-.
lisoi iii Win,
JXJ2STOTIO2>T ;. ;;
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
HO FORTHt#
CAROLINE ISLANDS.
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BARKENTIKB
RUTH
WILT., SAIL ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOR
Kußiac, Ponape and Ruk, Caroline Islands,
where our trading stations are. These islands
are situated about half way between Hawaii
and the Philippines, and constitute part of what
must soon become American colonies. This
vessel will be fitted with first-class accommo-
dations for a limited number of passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a study
of these beautiful and fruitful islands, of whoso
wealth of resources so little is known. For
round trip, voyage about . five months; $350.
J. F. T CUNNINGHAM CO.,
Owners, 14 Clay street," Ban Francisco,
Uss f*^ and
Facial Soap £_ 7 Facial Cream.
Acne, Pimples, Comedones or Flesh Worms
permanently cured by JOHN H. WOQDBURY.,
127 W 42d St.. New York, 163 State St., Chicago,
inventor of Woodbury*s Facial Soap and Facial
Cream.
"dRMyNULTTIT
rpHis well-know:?? AND B_I*IABT_tOL_
: X Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
i eases of Men only. Book on Privute Dlsras»»s anil
i Weaknesses of ."ten, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
! Pat lents cured tit Home. Terms rea_onnbl£. Hocr*3
1 to daily; to 8:30 Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
■ to. tionfreeaudEacredly confidential. or address
' P. ROSCOE ULTY, M.D.,
[. 26.'* Kcarny St., San Francisco, Ca^REPUBLICANS
WILL HAVE A
BIG MAJORITY
Members of the Com
ing Legislature.
WHAT THE RETURNS INDICATE
BTJT EIGHTEEN DEMOCRATIC AS-
SEMBLYMEN.
The Dominant Party "Will Have a
Working Majority of Fifty-
Six in Joint Ses
sion.
The State returns on legislative can- j
dldates now In the hands of the Secre- \
tary of State show but two changes j
from the lists already published. By j
these returns Braynard (D.) of Red
ding wins instead of Beecher (R.) of
Anderson in the Fifth Assembly Dis
trict, and Casper (R.) of Tulare wins
Instead of McClellan (D.) of Hanford j
in the Sixty-fourth. In the Sixtieth, ]
which was in doubt, the Secretary of |
State's figures give the place to Me- j
Iver (R.) of Bishop.
By this canvass the Republicans have
a majority of twelve in the Senate and j
a majority of forty-four in the Assem
bly, or twenty-six out of forty in the \
one and sixty-two out of eighty in the ]
other.
The returns are as follows:
SENATE,
2- S James T. Laird. R Alturas
4— W. F. Maggard, X Corning
6— William M. Cutter, R Marysville
S— John Boggs, D Princeton
10 — J. C. Sims, D Santa Rosa
12— J. B. Curtln, D Sonora j
14— John F. Davis. R Jackson;
iester Rowell, R Fresno!
'- John A. Hoey. R San Francisco,
Frank W. Burnett, R....San Francisco ,
£2-Sig M. Bettman, R Sun Francisco |
£4— R. Porter Ashe. D San Francieco j
ink W. Leavitt. R Oakland j
K. Taylor, R Alameda
30_Charies M. Shortridge, R San Jose
32— H. L. Pace, D Tulare
34— S. C. Smith. R Bakerstteld
M. Simpson, R Pasadena
T. Currier, R Spadra
-.■ A. E. Nutt, R San Diego
Hold-Over Senators.
1-j'. N. Gillette, R Eureka
3— W. F. Prisk. D Grass Valley
\V chapman, D Greenwood
7— C L. La Rue, D Yountville j
\*— .] J. Luehsinger, R Vallejo j
V.—J H Dickinson, R. Sausalito j
[is Doty, D Elk Grove!
rd. D Acampo j
tnuel Braunhart, D....San Francisco
I£_] awrence J. Dwyer, D..San Francisco
21— Ed-» ird [. Wnlfe, R San Francisco I
Hall, D San Francisco
i ;\ • ney, D San Francisco
3 ratton, R Oakland
29— D 11. Trout. R Boulder Creek
:;1 !1 V Morehouse. R San Jose!
33— Thomas Flint Jr., R San Juan i
.i Boyce. X Santa Barbara!
87— R. X. Bui la, R Los Angeles j
3&— T. J. Jones. R Anaheim j
iblicans, holdover 11
ect 15—26 |
ts, hold-over 9
Democrats, elect 5—145 — 14 i
Total 40 i
ASSEMBLY.
Dist.
I— c. B. Jilson, R Hornbrook
D. Marvin, R Blue Lakes
ynton R Ferndale
4— \V H. La Baree, R Weaverville
s— Charles F. Braynard, D Redding
6— G. G. Clough, R Quincy
7— Richard de Lancie, R Oroville
B— Charles G. Raub, R Meridian
&— j. B. Sanford. D : Ukiah
10— F. B. Glenn, D Jacinto
11— G. W. Pierce, R Davisville
12— W. S. Robinson, R Grass Valley
13— W. IS. Lardner, R Auburn
14 — R. S. Raw, R Placerville
15— A. Caminetti, D Jackson
16— H. M. Le Baron, R Valley Ford
17— William F. Cowan, D Santa Rosa
ls_ Owen Wade. R St. Helena
13— Alden Anderson, R Suisun
20— Grove L. Johnson, R Sacramento
21— William I). Knight. R Sacramento
22— William Johnston, R Rlchland
23— John W. Atherton, R Nova to
24— C. M. Belshaw. R Antioch
25— F. E. Dunlap. R Stockton
26— A. E. Muenter, R Lathrop
27— Harvey S. Blood, R Angels
2S — Lawrence Hoey. D San Francisco
29— Charles F. Keneally, R. .San Francisco
30 — L. A. Devoto, R San Francisco
31— Daniel S. O'Brien, D San Francisco
32 — James M. Hanley, D San Francisco
33— Eugene D. Sullivan, D...San Francisco
34 — J. J. Crowlev. D San Francisco
Ss— William H. Cobb, R San Francisco
36 — A. H. Merrill. R San Francisco
27— "William E. White, D San Francisco
3g — W. 11. Rickard, R dan Francisco
39 — Justus S. Wardtll. D San Francisco
40— Henry W. Miller, R San Francisco
41 — Henry C Dibble. R San Francisco
42 Lorenzo A. Henrj, R San Francisco
43_Fred Lundquist, R San Francisco
44 — M. 11. Barry. R San Francisco
45— Eugene Sullivan, R San Francisco
4g William McDonald. R Livermore
47 Joseph R. Knowland, R Alameda
48— Joseph MeD. Kelly, R Oakland
49 a A. McKeen, R Oakland
CO— John A. Bliss. R •••• .Oakland
51— Howard E. Wright. R Berkeley
52— Henry Ward Brown. R Coima
53_George G. Radcliff, R Watsonville
54— Walter Clark. R Mountain View
55— John D. Kel3ey. R San Jose
56— M E. Arnerlch, R Frohm
57— G R. Stewart. D Crows Landing
sK_ a M. McDonald, R Sonora
59_C G. Carglll. R San Juan
60— Finlay Mclver, R Bishop
61— F P. Feliz, D Monterey
62— M B. Harris. R Oleander
S— T. G. Hart. R Fresno
64 X T. Casper, R Tulare
65— W P. Boone. D Dinuba
66— R. C. Dale, R Bakersfield
57— Warren M. John. R San Luis Obispo
6S C. W. Merritt. R Santa Barbara
69— Charles B. Greenwell, R Hueneme
TO— W. S. Mellick. R Pasadena
71— George A. Carter, D Pomona
72_jr,s<r-ph M, Miller, R Clearwater
78— William Meade, D Los Angeles
74— L H. Valentine. R Los Angeles
75— N. P. Conrey, R Los Angeles
76 H W chynoweth, R Anaheim
77— A. S. Milice. R Riverside
7£ — Frank P. Meserve, D Redlamis
79— L. R. Works, R San Diego
80— S. A. Crowder, R La Mesa
A Pitiable Sight.
A woman with an infant clasped In her
arms was found lying on a doorstep on
1 street mar Brannan yesterday by
man O'Connor. The woman was in
fi drunken stupor and the baby was cry
ing. The officer summoned the patrol
wagon and the woman and the baby were
to the Receiving Hospital, where
Matron Kane attended to them. When
the woman recovered she said her name
WU Mir. I.illio Zundell, wife of a long
shoreman living at 322 Brannan street.
She was sent homo with her baby after
promising not to drink liquor again.
William H. Watson's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
wtate <»f William H. Watson, who in
<;.»iy days wu the secretary of several
of the Mr comstock mining companies,
waa filed yesterday. The estate, which
Is a mixed one, is found to be worth
J24.1C4 48.
Charles Rollo Peters writes about
Alexander Harrison, the famous
American painter, in next Sunday's
OalL
THE SAN" FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1898.
O'MALLEY
MEETS THE
DEFEA TED
CANDIDATES
Wull, wull, wull! #
Lucky we ratifyed
An' had our fun an'
Our majorities, in our mind,
For there's no whiskey at the waice.
Maguire was there an'
Dunn, Grady, Hinton, Barry,
An' Henley was there,
Wallace an' La Rue.
Oh, wirra! wirral
■
They all heard the banshee.
Wallace, "Good evening, Senor
Henley,"
3 An' "Buenas noches," sez Henley,
jf "Corpses shouldn't joke," says he.
An' Barry sez, "Gittin' me face
Spit in," sez he, "is aisy to
Such a licking. Bein' a spit
Box," sez he, "for a Christian,
Isn't a marker to running agin a Jew."
"Well," sez Max Pop. to Craig,
.Ye made a loud noise
r
In your deestrict, do you
Want a hired mourner?"
r
' "A man that '11 make a pun,"
Sez Craig, "will steal," sez he.
An' McNab asked if any
Body had a bagpipe in
His clothes, for he
Wished to play, a coronach;
"It's a mournin' tune," sez
He. "In the Heelands we
Play it, and hae an /
Usquebaugh whin there's some
Thing dead in the house, an'
I'll bet me pnillibeg an'
Kilts there's something dead
Here." sez McNab.
An' they all looked at Hinton,
But he was only asleep, an'
He woke an' asked if the
.
Election would be next Tuesday?
.■■■-■.■..
Thin Maguire spoke, and he
Said: "Arithmetic is a lie,"
Sez Maguire. "I stud on
Three platforms, an' signed thim,"
Sez he, "but three times wan
Is not three," sez he, "it's
Only wan, an' mighty little
Of that," says Maguire, "for
I had only wan vote on
Three platforms, an' me distinguished
Opponent got three votes on
Wan platform."
An' young Hearst came
In an' said, "The party j
Was wrong led in the right
Direction, cases alter
" Circumstances, the way out is
The way in," sez he. "Therefon
. I contend," sez Hearst, "That
We was wrong but not at
The right time. The party
Shud go forward backward."
Sez he.
An' Dunn groaned, an' said
"That's how me majority
Traveled art* I the dacentist
Jobchasin', sandlottin'
Salary drawin', boltin',
Betrayin' an' honest
Thraitor in the lot," sez Dunn.
"Vive La France," cried
* Bonnet, "ma foi, on
Ze jail an' office
Of Shereef, is stillze
Sign 'Ici on parle Francaise,'
Even if I am not elect," sez
That Frinchman.
"But it's 'conastathue' an'
Not 'buenos dias' on
The Deestrict Attorney's durc," -
Sez Henley, "me heart's
► - - - : ■ ■■■.- - ;
In the grave there wid
' *, ~ \._
Maximilian, me
-
Imperial sire," sez he.
An' thin they all fell
Keenin' an' cussin' an'
Callin' names an'
Bowin' to the will of the people.
An' Maguire called out three
> Times, "Railroad, railroad,
Railroad 1" like bell tollin'.
"It's the last echo of the
313 1 Campaign," sez Lawlor.
> An' snuffed out the light
Wid his fingers, an' wipad 'em
In his hair, an' said, "This
Morgue is closed," sez La .lor.
*
GRAHAM SAYS
HE HAS BEEN
COUNTED OUT
Claims Hoey's Seat
in the Assembly.
SOME OTHER CLOSE COUNTS
DOOLAN, MEAGHEB AND O'DON
NELL TALK OF A RECOUNT.
Leon Dennery Will Demand a Seat
in the i-enate — Post-Election
G-ossip and In
cidents.
Patrick Graham, the Republican candi
date for member of the Assembly froir
the Twenty-eighth District, declares he
was counted out by fraud and that he
will contest the seat claimed by Lawrence
Hoey, his opponent, In the next Legisla
ture. The semi-official returns give Hoey
a plurality over Graham of forty votes.
This result, Graham asserts, was brought
about by fraud during the count.
The frauds are alleged to have been
perpetrated in the First, Fifth, Seventh,
Tenth and Fifteenth precincts. Graham
is almost certain that the count was
corrupted in the Fifth. He says he re
mained in this booth for several hours
during the count and left when only
thirty-eight ballots remained to be tallied.
When he went away he was twenty-one
ahead of Hoey and he learned that after
his departure from the booth not
another ballot was counted for him.
While these thirty-eight ballots were be
ing counted Hoey, and several of his sup
porters, Jim Sutton, Larry Buckley, John
Connors and John Gurley, were there.
Graham had no one present to watch af
ter his interests.
The seat from the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District will also undoubtedly be con
tested. In the returns J. S. Wardell,
Democratic candidate, is credited with
twenty-four more votes than Loon Jones,
Republican. Jones has not charged cor
ruption, but he thinks "errors" were
committed which, when discovered by a
legislative Investigation, will give him the
seat.
It is reported that Leon Dennery will
contest Porter Ashe's right to represent
the Twenty-fourth Senatorial District.
The only local contests probable, which,
of course, will involve a recount, are R.
P. Doolan for Superintendent of Streets,
Dr. O'Donnell for Coroner and Michael
Meagher for Recorder. None of the de
feated candidates have as yet decided
whether they will pay the necessary $300
a day for a recount, but they are con
sidering the matter.
Politicians have deserted the Registrar's
office, and Mr. Biggy and his deputies are
arranging to begin the official count on
Monday. It is estimated that the official
canvass will consume from thirty-five to
forty days. There are more offices on the
ballot this year than either two or four
years ago.
The Election Commissioners will meet
Monday to pass upon the warrants of
election officials. In the meantime Regis
trar Biggy is harassed and annoyed by
a largo number of men who served and
who are importuning him every hour to
| "fix" the warrants so they can be ne
j gotiated.
The aftermath of the campaign contains
j some matters of peculiar interest and
; others of an amusing nature. There was
a surprising absence in their various
haunts of the candidates who
were successful as well as those who were
thrown into the slough of despond. With
j the exception of Henry S. Martin, the at
tenuated Sheriff-elect, the headquarters
of the various candidates were closed.
Owing to the fact that this has been the
hardest and hottest campaign in the his
tory of the city, that mythical gentle
man. Mr. Morpheus, had taken charge of
nearly all the officeseekers who have been
through the stress of political battle, and
those who wore anxiously searching for
the winners in the hope of securing pref
erment fey? future appointments were left
in the tfuessing ranks.
At the headquarters of the Republican
County Committee the men who have
borne the brunt of the contest were in a
contented frame of jijind, ana while there
was some regret that they had not suc
ceeded in wiping the Democrats off the
map they found occasion to swell their
manly chests and call attention to sev
eral facts that should be of interest to
the public generally. ( rf
This has been proved to be the banner
campaign in the matter of organization,
and this Is attested by the Republican
success in a naturally strong Democratic
city.
For the first time since the County
Committee has been In existence they
were left to their own resources, not one
dollar having been contributed to the
funds of the local organization by the
State Central Committee; and it is also
the first 'occasion on which the County
Committee has emerged from the smoke
of battle with all debts paid. Further
more, the chief workers of the organiza
tion for the first time voted to not allow
any member money for expenses incurred
in the contest. These loyal workers
strove night and day, and are mutually
glad that they "have came and saw and
ronnuered."
HONORED THE MATRON.
A Reception Tendered the Presiding
Officer of Harmony Chapter,
Order Eastern Star.
Mrs. Elizabeth D. Wetjen, worthy ma
tron of Harmony Chapter. Order of the
Eastern Star, who some time since went
East accompanied by her daughter. Miss
Cordle Wetjen. to be present at the golden
wedding of her parents, returned to this
Sty last week. The members of the chap
ter at its last held meeUng tendered the
matron and her daughter a reception in
the chapter's new quarters in the fcative
Sons' building. •
The chief guest of the evening was con
gratulated upon her safe return and was
called upon to tell all about her trip to
New York, and all about the wedding.
That she did in a most entertaining man
ner and at the conclusion of her recital a
social hour was most pleasantly spent.
Where Charity Is Needed.
Three little children, one of them aged
three, another five and another seven,
have been deserted and left upon the
hands of a hapless world by an erring and
cruel mother. They are without food,
clothing or shelter, and the father, who
has no work, is unable to secure for his
babies these necessities of life. In the
name of charity the public is appealed to
for relief in this case, which is especially,
deserving and any one who feels disposed
to lend a helping hand is requested to ad
dress or apply at Sunshine Kindergarten,
934 Harrison street, between 9 and 2
o'clock. _
Aigeltinger Serenaded.
Headed by a band of musicians, a large
number of the friends of Supervisor
elect Aigeltinger tendered him a serenade
at his residence. 1762 Ellis street, last
evening The party afterward adjourned
to a hall at 1427 Steiner street, where a
jolly good time was indulged in until a
late hour.
Dr. Shrady writes about the de
cadence of business men in next
Sunday's Call.
_ ,_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
)<^o^o^o<^o<>o^>o'3>o'^o^o<^o4>o<s>o<3>o<S>o^o<s>o<^o^ > o'^o^o<s>o^o<^o<S>o«>o^
open to-night and every Saturday night from "the linen house."
now to Xmas to accommodate our customers. see toy bazaar.
"^^ ****** '*'*'****
concert this afternoon 2 to 5, Bruck's orchestra.
program t
PART; I. ... PART ll— Continued.
1. "The President's March" (new). Herbert 8. Popular songs
2. Hungarian mazzourka. "La Tzigane (a) "She's All Right Just the Same"..
Ganne Fitz
3. Waltz, "Espanlta" .Roaey (b) "Ma FToodoo Honey" Johnson
4. Overture". "The Mill on the Cliff"... ! 9. Selection. "Gasparone" Millocker
Rel69iger 10. "The Celebrated Pilgrim Chorus"...
5. Paraphrase, "Melodic in F". Rubinstein 1 Wagner
6. Medley. "Melodious Bouquet"... From the opera "Tannhauser."
11. Waltz. "Plul* d"or" Waldteufel
PART 11. Shower of Gold.
7. Solo for cornet, "La Berceuse". Gounod 12. "Under the Double Eagle" Wagner
Soloist. Mr. S. Bowers. ' "The Star Spangled Banner."
children's day : dresses
children s day : sss^
flaintv 50 stylish felt pokes, in
.\\. * fancy shapes — velvet
Millinery, tarn o'shanter, crowns
trimmed in fancy feathers, te'y CA
finished with silk ribbon ties.. V*»3U
bOVS* black cotton, extra heavy
, ". quality, of fine combed
nOSlery. maco cotton, corduroy and
narrow ribbed, spliced heels and iq
toes, fast colors and seamless l^fv.
ffIOVSS for two-clasp embroidered-
° j. back lambskin gloves :
Ordinary several dozen ladies
W63,r have bought them since
introduced on Wednes-
day ; they look and wear well.
Santa Claus Is coming overland:
Thanksgiving will soon arrive:
Xmas is about due for thought:
Kris Kringle will make thousands
happy at
Hate's,
937 to 947 Market Street.
oh! how the Xmas toys are rolling int\
A MAN, A GUN
AND A BALLOT
AT BELMONT
Cause Trouble in the
Pretty Suburb.
CASE OF PIONEER POLITICS
ALMOST A TRAGEDY IN THE
ELECTION BOOTH.
An Official Who Did Not Propose to
Be Bulldozed Carries Terror
Into the Camp of
the Enemy.
It is conceded that the late campaign
was one of the hottest in the history of
ihe State, but with a few mild exceptions
tne war was confined to ballots and words.
Strange as it may apnear, that quiet,
orderly and aristocratic suburb, Belmont,
where political passions are not supposed
to exist, has established the fact that it
is a warm number when it comes to a
campaign where some of the people are
determined to elect both candidates to the
same office.
There was little Interest taken in the
State ticket. The conflict was along the
trail leading to the office of Supervisor.
In that district the candidates were Will
iam Brown, Democratic incumbent, who
had the appointing of the election officers,
and J. H. Coleman. By some accident all
Brown's appointments were of the same
political faith except one, and they were
apparently imbued with the idea that the
other fellow had no rieht to be in the
race.
This belief led to complications before
the machinery of election had ceased run
ning.
The fight in the district was very close
and along in the small hours of the morn
ing it became evident that the fellow who
wanted to be re-elected was getting the
worst of it and the unpleasantness began.
The active animosity grew out of the dis
position of five ballots, the genuineness of
which was in doubt. The lone strange
Republican Indian among the Iroquois
braves in that booth insisted that those
ballots should not be counted. Finally
four of the disputed documents were har
moniously passed upon, but the bulldoz
ing majority went up against a hard for
mation when they reached the fifth bal-
lot.
Tne lone Republican regarded that inno
cent looking piece of paper as a delusion
and snare and declared on his honor as a
gentleman that it should not be counted
with his consent. This declaration of
Intention engendered Democratic wrath
and muscular demonstration thereof, in
which the lone champion of clean politics
was getting worsted in his own bunding,
wherein was the polling-place.
The argument became so strong that the
lamp was knocked over, threatening the
destruction of the property. This was
enough for the minority. With commend
able haste he hied himself homeward,
where he made close connections with a
gun and returned to the scene of contest.
His reappearance with lire in his eye
and death in his hand was the signal for
the other election officers to rapidly re
move their persons to a more comfortable
clime. The man who felt that his rights
and dignity had been trampled upon was
not mollified by this retreat from the bat
tle ground. The result was that he se
lected the man he considered responsible
for the trouble and, chasing him out of
the hall, gave the fellow some violent ex
ercise in the street trying to get out of
range of a gun in the hands of a very
angry man who was also a good runner.
Darkness and the other man's speed
prevented a tragedy and the polls were
closed without burning down the bulld-
ins?
The illustration of how pioneer politics
was done has furnished rich material for
gossip and conjecture in the pretty suo
urban village, but the thrilling event has
not hitherto been made known to the
public. ________________
FAILED FOB. $1 36,000.
Ex-Presid«nt of a National Bank in
Oregon Files a Petition in
Insolvency.
Jesse E. Friek, ex-president of the First
National Bank of Arlington, Oregon, but
now a resident of Trinity County in this
State, filed in the United States District
Court yesterday a voluntary petition In
bankruptcy. His debts amount* to $136,
000, divided among his creditors as fol
°Fir'st National Bank "Westfleld, Mass.,
$10 000; Cape Cod National Bank, Hing
hain, Mass., $6000; Commercial National
reefer child's reefer coat, beocie
i CW * WJ ' cloth in blue and black, two-
COcltS. tone effect, six large fancy
buttons, high storm collar, epaulet cape
over shoulders, "trimmed chinchilla, C>(z
all sizes uH*
HIiSS6S' °* £° oc * black cotton, nar-
L . row ribbed, medium heavy
llOSiery. quality, spliced heels and
double soles and toes, sizes 7 to iro _
9* lO3C
VBllliffS all-silk dotted tuxedo, Brus-
. 4. .° sels, Russian and French net
JUSt in. veilings in all the <^f r
latest meshes «.
the very latest is a white chenille <jp
spot on black tuxedo net
Bank. Portland, Or., $15,000; B. Lombard
Jr., Boston, Mass., $8000; First National
Bank, Arlington, Or., $27,000; Mrs. Mary
Richardson, Baker, Or., $3000; Baker City
National Bank, Or., $8000; Walter Fernald
of Baker City, Or., $3000; Portland Sav
ings Bank. Or., $10.0«)0: assessment on Na
tional Bank due United States Treasury,
$40,000; George D. .McLain of San Fran
cisco, $40i)0; Columbia Live Stock Com
pany, $3000.
The First National Bank of Arlington
failed some time ago and the insolvency
of Mr. Frick is as president of the bank.
The three creditors first named hold bank
stock as security for the debt owed them.
The remaining creditors have promissory
notes for the sums loaned by them.
Military News.
General Adolphus W. Greely, chief sig
nal officer of the army, was at department
headquarters yesterday. He said that the
object of his visit was to inspect the elec
trical and cable work in the harbor, and
noi to recommend the establishment of a
cable between this city and the Hawaiian
Islands, as he has already done that to
Congress, and the matter has been re
ferred to the proper committee.
Pursuant to telegraphic instructions of
yesterday cnra the War Department,
Sergeant Ernest Crocker, Company D,
First Washington Volunteer Infantry,
now at Angel Island, Callfronia, will
be immediately discharged for physi
cal disability from the service of the
United States.
The leave of absence for seven days
granted First Lieutenant W. V. Rinehart
Jr.jJTirst Washington Volunteer Infantry,!
qa^Doard United States transport Valen
<la, Honolulu, H. 1., has been extended
twenty-three days.
Estate of Morehouse.
Clara Morehouse was granted letters of
administration upon the estate of Lo
Grand Morehouse by Judge Troutt yester
day. The bond of the administratrix was
fixed at $40,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strer-*b through his new
and original system of treatment.
RUPTURE cured by. his new meth-
od without "knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure- VAKBCOCELE,hydro-
cele swelling and . tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success.
Contagion* blood poison in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. l^aclies will receive
special attention for their many ailr
ments. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book. "Guide
to Health," free of \ charge. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market
street, San Francisco. CaL
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
«ACT» Full Set of Teeth '
«*>" Ti /"£>U extracting free $500*2p
,^\:&JkC_iP'' Gold Crowns 22k $3 so up
Fillings - - - 25Cts. up
Jf i^-&Hifc«P"»_& Open Evenings &SundaV>
tr^^MtmsSCik VAN VROOM !
O^*WWVV Electro Dental Parlors ;
**» IPx" Sixth and Market
■ Dr. G W. Kleisor, Prop. 1
•. * *
m^^Wl, WHEN YOU I
/^^j€^^^^ v Require an ELEC- :
SfcSS^ StRIC BELT get "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
Ol^s^^^y^ not be disappointed.'
N. Call or address PIERCE
'\ ELECTRIC 5 CO.. 620
Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. F. _i
q vwt DR. JORDAN'S **4
dg^i Museum of Anatomy
|S«B\ Jos!Kiil2lTST.b«i.sti*7th,
&TS 0 Tb« Larje«tofitakui<iintb«W»rlA.
lsiil\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ITOf A. Con.ulia-.ioa fre*. TV Tit* for B.o*
H I of \ Marriage.
■ £ U HAILED MEC i
■■ ■ .-.-'. ."■..■-■.. '■ / ■■■::. :.\
56
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 12, 1898
JOHN D SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S- F.
Telephone Mum 186 S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In thjis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- Ey mall $6 per year; per montfc
65 cents. _______
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl_4» Hone*
C. C, CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 587 Hayes street, ooen until
9-JSO ©"clock. 621 McAllister street, open ur)tll 9:30
•'clock.. 615 Larkln street, open uotll 930 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22°' Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventlj
Street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-secon- «n_
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
Baldwin— "Mistakes Will Happen."
California— "Finnlgan" 8 Ball."
Columbia— Kellar, the Ma_ician.
Alcazar— "Pr. Bill."
Morocco' • — "Stranglers of Paris."
Tivoli— "Cincus Queen."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "The Heart of Chicago."
Olympla— Corner Muson and Eddy streets. Speciallies.
The Chutee— Lillian F. Smith, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming:.
Ingleeide Coursing Park— Coursing.
Oakland Race Track— Racee.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo, Sunday.
Orpheum — Concert Thursday, November 17.
Rosenthal — Coming In December.
LESSONS FROM THjE CfIMPfJIGN.
WHILE the dominant moral of the recent elec
tion is clearly perceived by the people, and it
is now well understood that the conservative
stntiment of California will not sanction anything in
politics that savors of revolutionary radicalism, there
are certain minor lessons taught by the result to
which it will be well to give attention before the sub
ject is dismissed and the thoughts of all are turned
to business and preparations for Thanksgiving.
One of the most interesting of these lessons is the
demonstration that at last the railroad issue is out of
California politics. This does not mean that railway
officials may not in future take an active part in po
litical contests and support their favorites by every
means in their power, but it means that the railroad
;:- a corporation is no longer regarded in the popu
lar mind as a dominating force in the commonwealth
— a monopoly so dread and so dangerous to public
welfare that in politics all other issues must be sub
ordinated to the struggle against it.
In the recent campaign every effort was made by
uire and his party to awaken the old fears of the
•le and the old animosity against the railroad, but
all in vain. The people laughed. The Southern Pa
cific was no longer a bugaboo. Cartoons of Hunting- j
ton posed as a political boss, as a bandit, as an oc
t( pus, as an omnivorous devourer of men and women
and things generally, failed to flutter the voters. It
i^ doubtful if as many as a hundred votes in the State
were gained for Maguire by all that was said, printed
or pictured of the old-time monopoly.
In this sense, then, the railroad is out of politics.
It no longer frightens the people. It is no longer an
available resource for demagogues. The construction
oi the San Joaquin road and the coming connection
of that line with the Santa Fe system assure a com
peting road which puts an end to the monopoly. The
intelligence of the voters perceives that the situation
has changed. an«l as a consequence they are not to be
influenced any more in political contests by either
a fear or the favor of the Southern Pacific.
Another lesson to be learned from the contest is
the folly of attempting to dodge an issue which is
understood by the people. It was known throughout
the nation that the main point to be determined by
the contest was whether the people would sustain the
administration. It the Democrats had met that issue
fairly — if they had stood by their platform of free
tiade and free silver — they at least would have held
'their party together. As it was they met the fate
tl at befalls every force which attempts to retreat from
the field after the battle has been joined. The retreat
weakened the ardor of the rank and file, led to de
moralization and resulted in a rout.
The emphatic teaching of each of these lessons is
a matter of gratification to all who appreciate honesty
in politics. The elimination of the railroad bugaboo
from politics is really a blessing to the State. Here
after it will not be so easy for demagogues to attain
eminence among us. A better class of Democrats
and Populists will now come to the front, for the
opposition will need on the stump orators who can
seriously debate the issues of the time, and the loud
but empty mouthers about monopoly will have to
give way. Hardly less valuable is the demonstration
cf the futility of dodging. Altogether California will
be found to have benefited morally as well as na
tcrially by the results of the voting on Tuesday, for
the lessons are too clear to be either overlooked at
present or forgotten in the future.
MCLAUGHLIN'S GOOD WORK-
NOW that the campaign is over, the verdict ren
dered and approved, it is natural that those
who bore the burden and heat of the day should
receive proper acknowledgment. Prominent among
rhese is Major Frank McLaughlin, chairman of the
Republican State Committee. From the first he had
been active, and the closing hours found him un
wearied in the arduous work. When success crowned
hie "fl^ri; ~ v~» jubilant. His only hope had been
that the party to which he is devoted would secure
an affirmation of the principles it upholds, through
the election of the men who stand for these prin
ciples.
Possibly the position of Major McLaughlin is
unique. He is not in politics for the gratification of
personal ambitions. While the time he devotes to
partisan matters is something a man of affairs can
ill afford to devote to the interests of the public, he
freely gives this time. The highest honors within
the power of his party to bestow have been offered
him, and he has declined them. His declaration that
he desires no office is sincere, as his devotion to
bringing about the triumph of Republicans has been
unremitting and unselfish.
Apparently the most the party can do for the Major
is to tender an informal vote of thanks. . It has no
substantial rewards which it could induce him to take.
A large part of the credit of victory must be given
him, and with this, and the sense of duty well per
formed, he is content.
Among the particular reasons the community has
for congratulation is the defeat of John P. Dunn,
THE PASSING OF THE SANDLOT.
IN front of the new City Hall was an oval tract
covered with sand, ou which was organized, late
in the seventies, the sandlot party. It was a com
bination of ambition and violence which spread
alarm throughout the State, and for. a time seemed
to threaten the permanent destruction of its prosper
ity. The sandlot revolution was so pronounced and
so loud, and so effectually browbeat all opposition,
that it attracted attention all over this country, and
in Europe was really regarded as the beginning of
another Reign of Terror, such as turned France into
a slaughter-pen in the revolution of 1793.
Its theater, that oval area in front of the new City
Hall, has long been grass-grown, and a group of
statuary, provided by the will of James Lick, stands
there now illustrative of the progress and power of
California.
The principles of the sandlot, however, have
had a survival. The uneasy spirits which were trained
there have from time to time taken possession of the
Democratic party and made it a menace to the public
welfare. The disease that generated on the sandlot,
as cholera starts in the well Zemzem in Mecca, some
times went far abroad. Even California Republican
ism has had sporadic attacks of it. But its greatest
persistence has been in the Democracy. In 1896 it
took nearly full possession of that party, and tens of
thousands of Democrats fled from the pestilence and
aided in the political sanitation of the State. But
their flight left the surviving sandlotters in posses
sion of the organization, and, with the Examiner as
the sandlot organ, the campaign of 1898 was fore
doomed to be sandlot, by sandlotters and for sand
lotters.
The ticket was filled with them. Maguire, Barry,
Dunn, La Rue, Henley, Grady, Wallace, Menzies,
Hinton, trained in the sandlot school or inoculated
with its principles, in congenial companionship and in
joint cry for office, made a campaign which proved
that they were in the tertiary stage of the disease.
From the skin in and from the marrow out, flesh and
bone, they were sandlotters.
Heretofore the people had not enjoyed the chance
to quicklime the pestilence by catching it in a group,
where the caustic would harm so little healthy flesh.
They were quick to see the time for action. The dis
infectant was used with judgment, and the bubonic
plague of California politics was obliterated in one
day's work. The sandlot sleeps under the turf and
the daisies, and so does sandlotism. All of its ex
ponents are done for. .The people had been patient
with it, hoping it would die. They have been some
times indifferent to it, as one is to a lunatic who
thinks he is Jove and threatens thunderbolts. But
this time patience and indifference ceased, and the
cleansing and purifying ballot besomed the pestilence
off the face of the earth and left it clean.
The day is not distant when men will wonder that
they submitted to such leadership as this year rode
at the head of the fusion forces. They will wonder
why they felt party zeal for a movement that was the
first serious appearance of anarchy in this country
since the bombs burst in Haymarket square. • The
quiet citizens of California will long recall the great
day on which the sandlot brigade rode to its fate and
fell in a heap, never to rise again.
SALISBURY'S SPEECH-
SALISBURY'S speech at the Lord Mayor's
banquet is reported to have caused no little
irritation among the European powers. The
fact is not surprising, for the speech was more no
table for a certain cynical candor than for diplomacy.
It touched upon every irritating subject in interna
tional politics, and the touch was not soothing.
The important statements of the British Premier
were that the present peaceful condition of Crete is
due more to the admirals who are in command there
than to anything done by statesmen; that Great
Britain's position in Egypt is not what it was before
the victory at Omdurman; that while Great Britain
sympathizes with the Czar's wish for disarmament,
her Ministers will not check their preparations for
war; that the appearance of the United States as a
factor in Asiatic problems may not conduce to the
peace of the world, but is likely to conduce to the
interests of Great Britain; that her Majesty's Govern
ment would take part in a conference of the powers
to determine upon legislation for the suppression of
anarchy, but had no hope that legislation could abate
the monstrous evil; and, finally, that while not de
siring either war or conquest, the Government has
resolved to maintain the empire Britons have re
ceived from their forefathers, and therefore would not
intermit naval and military' precautions.
Against all this array of troubles the frank and bluff
old statesman offered no word of comfort except to
repeat his belief in the efficacy of the European con
cert to maintain peace. He admitted that the pro
ceedings of the concert were not always admired,
nor had the full confidence of the public, but he
pointed out that "patient application, combined with
the moral strength of Europe," has in the past pre
served peace under difficult conditions, and drew
from that experience a hope that the concert would
continue to be at least equally efficient even if it did
not grow in strength and usefulness.
The portions of the speech most interesting to us
are those relating to the pioposed European legisla
tion against anarchists and the effect likely to be pro
duced by our active participation in Asiatic affairs. The
first contains a warning. A vindictive crusade against
anarchists on the part of all European nations would
drive a large number of the worst of that fiendish
crew to the United States for refuge. It behooves
us, therefore, to take heed of what is done in Europe
in this matter, so that we may guard our shores
against the incoming of the enemies of society — the
thugs of civilization who regard arson and murder
as acts of heroism.
In what was said of the result sure to flow from our
annexation of the Philippines there is much to
awaken the anxieties of patriots. When we become
an Asiatic power we are at once involved in all the
controversies now going on in that section of the
world. The war clouds which have long been over
hanging Europe will then threaten us as well. We
have little to gain by the annexation of those tropic
islands with their mongrel populations, but much to
lose. It would be like throwing away the substance
of prosperity for the shadow of empire. Americans
should give heed to Salisbury's frank declaration that
our appearance in Asia might not conduce to the
peace of the world, but would surely conduce to
British interests.
Telegraphic reports concerning the numerous
Texans who died in the vicinity of the polls do not
state whether they had been thoughtful enough to put
in their votes first. Doubtless, however, there were
willing friends to attend to this formality later.
A local snake charmer has been bitten by a rattler,
and while the consequences do not seem to have been
serious to him, it may be that the rattler suffered
acutely.
If the Teresa shall be recovered there will be scant
opportunity for writing on the list of the heroic the
name of the officer who abandoned the ship in terror.
THE SAN FRAK CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1898.
AMONG the political frauds swept away by
Tuesday's election was Deacon Fitch's Non-
Partisan '"party." This hoary old delusion
has for years been the bete noir of the Republican
party of this State. Professing reform and disclaim
ing all knowledge of practical politics, its moral in
fluence among a small number of thoughtless people
has been considerable. It has been able on occa
sions, by indorsing regular nominees, to change a
few votes and thus aid in the election of an official
here and there. But this influence has generally been
exerted in behalf of Democrats. Seldom have the
Non-Partisans attempted to promote Republican suc
cess, notwithstanding their convention and voters are
made up almost entirely of members of that party.
It is gratifying to note that at last this Democratic
sideshow has overreached itself and come to grief.
Heretofore Mr. Fitch's convention in "doing" Demo
ctatic politics has been extremely conservative. It
has confined its efforts to indorsing weak Republicans
and strong Democrats, and in this way has concealed
from the public its true character as a "reform" body.
But this year, believing he had a cinch on the people
which could not be broken, Deacon Fitch flung his
banner as a, Democratic sideshow boldly to the breeze j
and indorsed substantially the entire Phelan ticket.
The effect on the public is shown by the returns.
With few exceptions every nominee indorsed by the j
Non-Partisans has been defeated by an overwhelming
majority.
Moreover, in the cases in which indorsed candidates
have been elected their success may be discovered in :
influences entirely divorced from Non^Partisanism. j
For instance, Asa R. Wells, chosen Auditor, was j
elected in consequence of the weakness and bad
character of his opponent. F. K. Lane, chosen City
Attorney, was elected because his opponent bore the
name of Fitzgerald, and thousands of Republicans
thought he was the unpopular Commissioner of
Labor, candidate for Public Administrator on the
Democratic ticket. So with the others. Lackmann
and Heyer, two of the Supervisors indorsed by Non-
Partisans, would have been elected anyhow. Deacon
Fitch indorsed them only because he knew opposi
tion wouid be useless.
Almost without exception every other candidate
nominated has been overwhelmingly defeated. Mr.
Fitch's favorite for Sheriff is 5000 votes behind his
opponent; his nominee for County Clerk is beaten
by 7000: his District Attorney — an especial pct — is
laid out by over 4000 majority; his Superintendent of
Schools, another pet, is beaten by a plurality of j
icooo; his candidate for Assessor has lost by nearly ',
Bcoo. Not a single Police Judge or Justice of the \
Peace indorsed by the Non-Partisan "convention"
has been elected, while nearly all the Supervisors and
School Directors who received its favor have been
sent to the political boneyard. An especially active
fight was made by the Non-Partisans against Sur
veyor Tilton. He wins by 5000 majority.
For a long time the Republicans of this city have j
had Non-Partisan sincerity under surveillance. The !
methods adopted by Deacon Fitch, which are founded :
upon a gratuitous assumption of political purity, were i
never entirely free from a suspicion of Democratic
job-chasing. But when the Non-Partisans went in with
Phelan openly, indorsed his entire ticket, copied his
platform and repudiated the best set of Republican
candidates ever presented to the people of this city,
an expose followed, which has resulted in the com
plete destruction of the Democratic sideshow.
It is a good thing that non-partisanism as practiced
here is dead. It always was a fraud.
GERMAN LABOR AND PROGRESS.
SOME British investigators into the causes of the
rapid advance of German industry have reached
the conclusion that the dominant factor in the
problem is not the legislation of the Government, nor
the instruction of the technical schools, but the char
acter of the German people. In their judgment Ger
many is beating Great Britain in all forms of in
dustrial competition mainly by reason that the Ger
man workingman is more faithful, more industrious
and more persistent than his British competitor.
The investigations have not been carelessly made.
No other foreign rivalry of any kind has so disturbed
British complacency as that of the Germans in the
trade of the world. In comparison with that the
average Britisher regards the Russian advance in
China and the French claims in Africa as matters ol
minor interest. The British empire would be little
affected if the Russians were lords of Manchuria and
the French of Central Africa, but if the Germans cap
ture the markets of the world for the manufactured
goods of Europe, the wide empire of the mistress of
the seas will feel the loss in every department of its
power.
Nor is the danger a slight one. The industrial and
commercial advance of Germany has been something
extraordinary. Without the vast natural resources
of the United States and without our swift increase of
population and wealth, the development of German
trade has been almost equal to our own. The growth
cA some of her cities has been as rapid as that of
Chicago. The trade of Hamburg has increased twelve
fold since 1870. The empire leads all European
countries in the extent of railroad mileage, and the
recent expositions of German machinery at Berlin
and at Leipsic are said to have shown something like
a revolution in the industries of the people.
The output of this industry is to be found in every
market of the world, and is rapidly supplanting that
of Great Britain. Even in England itself German
goods are crowding out those of British manufacture.
It is, therefore, not to be wondered at that the manu
facturers and the statesmen of Great Britain have
been inquiring most studiously into the nature of the
new competition and the causes of its success.
Some of the investigators, as we have said, find in
German character the main cause of the success of the
nation. One of these, the London Spectator, says:
"It is not protectionism; it is character, method, intel
ligence, which have won this great victory under
physical conditions less favorable than those existing
in France or England. If we have anything to learn
ir this respect from Germany — and we have much —
h is that we must insist on character, insist on edu
cation, insist on seriousness, on method, on diligence.
There is a real danger that, seeing what great results
have followed the splendid development of technical
teaching in Germany, we shall build numbers of tech
nical institutes without reflecting that in Germany a
great body of culture, of excellent secondary educa
tion, lies behind the technical school and renders its
achievements possible."
There is a lesson for America as well as for Great
Britain in this. The Spectator, being a free trade
theorist, gives, of course, less credit to the benefits of
protection irf Germany to her industry than should
be given, but none the less it is right in asserting
the value of character. In the great struggle for su
premacy in the industrial world that race will win
whose workers are most diligent, most faithful and
most steadfast.
Some of the colored troops who fought so nobly
at Santiago would find in North Carolina now a con
dition of affairs to test their mettle.
A DEAD SIDESHOW.
REAL ESTATE IS SLOWLY PROGRESSING
Outlook of the Mar
ket for the Future.
RECORD OF OCTOBER SALES
EXTENT OE VARIOUS PLEDGES
FOR THE PAST MONTH.
A Glance at the Records, New Build
ing Contracts, Recent Sales
and General Random
Notes.
Real estate at the commencement of
November indicated a slight improvement
on the general sluggish condition of the
market, which has been its main charac
teristic almost for a year past. Inas
much as it has begun well, it is certain
the month will close with a brighter hope
for the future in realty. Although there
have been no exceptionally large sales
negotiated, nevertheless, the increased
number indicates clearly that the valua
tion on sales is steadily increasing. x\c
cording to Thomas Magee & Sons' Real
Estate Circular, the sales for the month
of October in number amounted to «28
and In value to 1904,061.
Although this record falls considerably
below that for the same month in the
previous year, it cannot be taken consist
ently as a criterion that the market is
depreciating. The present year has been
fraught with nothing 1 but absolute lack
of progression, and considering this fact
the record of sales for the month of Oc
tober is considered large and an encour
aging proof that realty is on the upward
instead of the downward trend.
According to the authority of the real
j estate firm of Magee & Sons, however,
this impression is erroneous, although the
majority of bankers concede it to be a
fact. They claim that the monthly sales
are the best test of judging the exact con
dition of the real estate market. If they
do not Increase it is utterly- futile, they
claim, to say that the real estate market
is improving.
The number of mortgages for the past
month amounted to 2t», with an aggregate
value of $1,70, The releases ana recon
veyances numbered in the | records 200,
with a total value of $509,155. The largest
number of both releases and mortgages
was taken by private individuals, me
aggregate pledge assumed amounted to
$214,758. Releases from various pledges
on property were valued at $276,752.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the past week there were fifty-two
mortgages and trust deed* recorded, amount
ing to an aggregate value of $3U5,3u6. fur the
same period thirty-eight releases and reconvey- ;
ances passed to record in the total Bum of *i2B.-
The principal mortgages and trust deeds are
as follows: By the HunAoldt havings and
Loan Society to Frank O. Norman. JiiWO for
two years at 6V4 per cent on property in Mis
sion block 72, situated on the northwest corner
of Valencia and Twentieth streets, north 101.6
by west 100- by Le Grand More-house to Wil
liam F. Swift, »7600 for one year at 6& per cent
on property in Western Addition block 211, sit
uated on the northwest corner of Oak and Oc
tavia streets, west 68:9 by north 24; by the
Mutual Savings Bank to Frederick B. and to.
M Hutting, UtoOu for one year at 6^4 per cent
on property in 50-vara block 19S, situated on
the easterly line of Taylor street, 13c6 nqrth
of Eddy, north 25 by east 137:6; by Michael
Flood, trustee for Willie and Katie Keller un
der the will of Jacob S. Beideman, to Golden
State Land Company, $32,000 for .one year ana
eight days at 7 per cent on property in West
ern Addition block 22, situated on the north
west corner of Broadway and Larkln street:
by E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell, trustees of
the San Francisco Savings Union, toLudovicaM.
Blgelow, U6.000 on property in 50-vara blocks
165 and 137. situated respectively on the north
erly line or Bush street, 137:6 east of Mason,
east 87:6 by north 137:6. and the westerly line
01 Stockton street, 97:6 south of Clay; by Jo
seph Goets to Lee Chong and Chong Sing Chew.
$25,000 on property in 60-vara block 113, situ
ated on the northwest corner of Clay and Du
pont streets, north 57 by west 65; by Henry F.
Allen and Christian de Gulgne, trustees of the
Union Trust Company, to Alvinza and Charity .
Hayward, $150,000 on property in one hundred
blocks 352 and 412, 50-vara block 124, Mission
block 25 Western Addition blocks 100 and 187
and 50-vara block 175. situated respectively on
the southeasterly line of Hrannan street, 1"7:6
northeast of Second, northeast 137:6 to Japan
and southeast 137:6; easterly corner of Brannan
and Eighth streets, northeast 206:3 by south
east 275; on the northwest corner of Bay and
Stockton streets, west to Powell, north to
North Point, east to Stockton and south to
Bay; on the southeasterly line of Market and
easterly line of Dolores, south 24, east ISO,
north 82:8%, northwest 72:4% and southwest
173; on the northwesterly corner of Van Ness
avenue and Lombard street, north 271.52 to line
of Lagoon lot 20, southwest along said line
450.C0, south 24.14 to southwesterly line of La
goon lot 18, southeast along said line 15.39 to
Lombard east 376.87; on the southerly line of
Lombard street. 31:3 east of Laguna, east 350,
south 100, east 31:3, north 50, east 106:3, north
25. west 75. north 100; on the northeast corner
of Taylor ami Bay streets, north 215, east 137:6,
south 77:6. east 137:6. south 137:6 and west 275.
The principal releases and reconveyances were
recorded as follows: From F. Heffernan to
Frank G. and Anna M. Norman. $12,000 on prop
erty situated on the northwest corner of Va
lencia and Twentieth streets, north 101:6 by
west 100: from the Savings and Loan Society
to Henry Fischer. $23,000 on two pieces of prop
erty in 50-vara block 223. situated on the north
erly line of Geary street, 62:8 east of Jones,
past 75 by north 77:6; from the San Francisco
Savings Union to Ludovica M. Bigelow, $16,000
on property In 50-vara block 165.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Northerly line of Jackson street, 150 feet
west of Larkin, west 2:> by north 127:8V£— All work
for a 3-story frame buildlnpr; owner, H. Galey;
architect, H. Qodart; contractur, L. B. Per
ramont; cost. $6723.
Northerly line of Seventeenth street, 145 feet
east of Folsom, east 75 by north 100 — All work
for a 2-story concrete, brick and wood build
ing; owner, the St. Nicholas Laundry Com
pany: contractor. P. W. Kern; cost. $5960.
Northeast corner of Green and Devisadero
streets, east 53 by north 10. rr > — All work, in
cluding Improvements for a 2-story frame build
ing; owner, W. J. Gunn; architect, E. A.
Mathews: contractor, A. S. Ruch: cost. $10,065.
Southwest corner of Dwlsht street and San
Bruno avenue, west 20 by south 100 — All work
for a 1-story frame dwelling: ownej, F. H.
Dieckman: contractor, L. Medus: cost, $1600.
Westerly line of Larkin street. 30 feet north
of Sacramento, north 36 by west 73—Plumb
ing, sewers, gas fittings, etc., for a 3-story
frame building: owner, Georpe W. Harris;
architects. Shea & Shea: contractor, H. Wil
liamson Company; cost, $1024.
Northeast corner of Greenwich street and
Jansen alley, east 31 :7>4 by north 4ft:6— All work
for alterations and additions to a 2-story frame
building; owners, A. & T. Schabiagne: arohi
ta t J. GoUart; contractor, P. A. Antonelle;
coat. S27SS.
Easterly corner of Minna and Seventh streets
— All work for a 2-story and a 3-story frame
building: owner, Thomas G. Taylor: architects.
SCartena & Coffey; contractor, J. B. Gonyeau;
COSt, 510,147.
Easterly line of Chattanooga street, 129 feet
south of Twenty-first, south 25 by east 125—
AM work except brick work for a 2-story frame
residence; owner. George Towns; architect. W.
W. Kendall; contractor, W. Plant; cost, $3720.
RECENT SALES.
The firm of Baldwin & Howell report the fol
lowing recent sal's: Lot 25 by IW:3, and lm
pi \- merits, on the southeast corner of Saora
;•; i I. '. streets, MHO; lot and Im
provements on the easterly line of Vloksburg
street. 97:6 feet north of Twenty-third, 88:8
by 117:6. $2noo: lot on the westerly line of Cole
street. !00 feet north of Frederick street, 25 by
181. $1700; lot and Improvement on the north
east oorner of Hyde and Delgado streets. 25 by
62 *i. fttM; lot md two flali, 25 by al:6, on the
snutherly line of Page street, S7:S feet west of
Lacuna, WHO; l<>t oa the southeast corner of
Stevenson and Brady streets, 60:6 by 66, $4000;
lot and four-room cottage on the Westerly line
of Vermont siiv.-t, 188 feet north of Twentieth,
$1450; lot on the westerly line of Central ave
nue, 101 feet north of Jackson, 25 by 120, $3200;
lot and Improvements on the southerly line of
Twenty-first, 25 by 85, $2800.
The following sules were negotiated by the
same firm In the Park and Sunset districts
during: the month ot October:
During the month of October the firm of
Baldwin & Son reported the following sales:
Two tenements and lot 22:6xf!0 on the northerly
line of Jessie street, 45 west of Mint avenue,
for $3000; lot 33:4x100 on tho northwest corner
of Vermont and Humboldt streets, for $1200; a
lot KxlOO on the northerly line of Belgrade
ave nue, 700 east of Stanyan street, for $500.
A. J. Rich & Co. have begun the sale cf two
blocks of land between ■Ighteenth and Twen
tieth and Dolores and Church streets. They
report previous sales in other sections of the
city as follows: Easterly line of Van Ness
a^(■nue. 105 nr rth of Lombard street. 32:6x109,
for $3250; th° westerly line of Buchanan street,
90 nnrth of Post. 25x92:6, for $3200.
Through the firm of Shalnwald, Buckbee &
Co. the lot and building on the southerly line
of O'Farrell street was recently sold by the
Enterprise Building and Loan Association to
Henry Marx for $7000.
Through the agency of Baldwin & Howell
the property belonging to the estate of Eliza
J. Benson, situated on the northeast corner of
IOI O I'wr ell and Hyde streets, was recently
bought by Charles S. Johnson for $13,500. The
lot has a frontage of 25 and a depth of 90 feet.
The same firm reports the sale of the following
property in the park and Sunset districts: Lot
on the west line of Tenth avenue, 275 feet south
of M, 25x120, $300; lot on the east line of Ninth
avenue, 175 north of O. 50x120, $750; lot on the
east line of Ninth avenue, 100 north of O, 75x
120, $1125; lot on the north side of O street,
57:6 west of Eighth avenue, $25x100, 5275 : lot
on the west side of Eighth avenue, 100 north
of O street. 2.')X120, $275- lot on the northwest
corner of Eighth avenue and O street. 57:6 x
100. $850; lot on the southeast corner of Twelfth
avenue and M street. 100x130, $1050; lot on the
southwest corner of Ninth avenue and M
street, 55x120. $1125: lot on the north side of I
street, 32:6 east of Twelfth avenue, 85x100, $750;
lot on the en»t line of Ninth avenue, 150 north
of O street, 60x120. $750; lot on tbe west line of
Tenth avenue, 175 south of M street. 50x120,
$600; lot on the south side of N street, 82:6 east
01 Ninth avenue, 25x100. $300: lot on the south
side of N street, 32:6 west of Eighth avenue,
100x100. $1225: lot on the east side of Ninth ave
nue, 225 south of N street. 25x120, $400; lot on
the southwest corner of N street and Eighth
avenue. 32:6x100, with key lot on Eighth ave
nue, $950; lot on the east line of Ninth avenue,
223 north of O street. 25x120; $375: lot on the
west line of Eighth avenue, 12"> south of N
street. 50x100. $fi00; lot on the south side of N
street, 67:6 east of Ninth avenue. 26x100, $300;
lot on the east line of Ninth avenue. 275 south
of N street, 50x120, *7."0: lot on the east side of
Ninth avenue. 200 south of N street. 50x130,
$750; lot on the southeast corner of N street
and Ninth avenue. 57:6x100. $1060; lot on the
east line of Ninth avenue. 150 south of N street,
50x120. $800: lot on the east line of Ninth ave
nue, 100 south of N street, 50x120, $S0fl; lot on
the east line of Twelfth avenue. 150 north of I
street, 25x120, .$800; lot on the south side of J
street, 57:6 east of Ninth avenue, 25x100, $500.
RANDOM NOTES.
Arehit<=- Cunningham Bros., Claus Spreck
els building, have completed their plans for
the new high school at San Rafael. Bids are
now ndvertised for.
George F. and Harry N. Gray have brought
suit in the United States Court against the
Hoard of Harbor Commissioners for alleged In
fringements of patents in the concrete arches
and fireproof construction used in the ferry
depot.
Richard C. Jones & Company have succeed
ed the late firm of Harris & Jones as whale
sale and retail lumber dealers at 739 Bryant
street.
F. A. Rouleau, the well-known searcher of
records, has removed his office to the Whit
tell building at 40 Montgomery street.
The city and county has mad* a contract
with the City Improvement Company to keep
In repair all bituminous streets until June SO,
1900, for an aggregate cost of $37,797.
A new real estate firm has been formed and
opened at 188 Montgomery street. It is. the
purpose of those interested to conduct and
transact a general realty and insurance busi
ness. It consists of George C. Boardman Jr.,
Edward J. Hooper and Douglas S. Watson.
The basement of the Union block on Market
and Pine streets, belonging to the Robert Sher
wood estate, is to be enlarged and extended.
The tini<» for sending in plans for the Bur
lingame clubhouse has been postponed and ex
tended until next Monday.
Thomas O. Taylor is about to Improve his
property, situated on the northerly corner of
Seventh and Minna streets. A three-story
building will be erected nn the front of the
lot and a two-story one facing Minna street.
The estimated cost of the improvements is
$1.1.000, on plans by Martens & Coffey. The
buildings, when completed, will contain three
stores and eight flats.
Henry P. Sonntag, the real estate ag-pnt, re
cently purchased another piece of property in
the city of Chicago. It is a three-story build
ing, situated at 1016 North Kedzle street, near
Randolph. The price paid was $20,000.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. F. C. Young of San Jose la at the
Lick.
I. S. Grant Jr. of San Diego is at the
Palace.
Dr. F. W. Hatch of Sacramento Is at
the Lick.
Mrs. T. R. Sheridan and family of
Roseburg are at the Lick.
H. W« Walker, a prominent "Willows
merchant, is at tne Grand.
S. Wormser, one of Kingsbury's largest
merchants, is at the Lick.
W. W. Douglas, Deputy Controller, of
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
J. Cummins, a prominent Sacramento
mining man, is at the Grand.
F. F. Oeberton, a well known Colorado
mining man, is at the Palace.
James F. Peck, a prominent Merced at
torney, is a guest at the Lick.
C. E. Tinkham, manager of the Chico
Lumber Company, is at the Grand.
R. B. Purvis, Sheriff of Modesto County
for many years past, is at the j_.ick.
F. P. Mills, a prominent mining man of
Coulterville, is a guest at the Occidental.
C. Stengel, an extensive dairyman of
Fisherman Bay, is registered at the Russ.
H. E. Barber, a well known capitalist
and contractor of Stockton, is at the
Grand.
B. T. McCullough and George R. Stew
art, Crows Landing cattlemen, are at the
Grand.
E. J. Lyons, ticket agent of the North
ern Pacific Railroad at Portland, is at the
Palace.
R. K. Carter, a -*-nminent New York
merchant, is among recent arrivals at the
Palace.
J. Loninger, a large wheat grower of
Chico. is at the Russ, accompanied by his
wife and son.
A. F. Hoffar of St. Louis and A. J.
Shotwell of Denver, well known mining
men, are at the Russ.
Mrs. Barber, wife of Colonel Thomas
H. Barber of the First New York Regi
ment, now at Honolulu, arrived from New
York yesterday morning and registered
at the Palace. She is accompanied by
Miss Helen Johnson, also of New York.
Mrs. Barber will leave for the islands by
the next steamer.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— D. Marx of San
Francisco is at the Imperial. Mrs. Le
grand C. Tibbitts and Mrs. J. A. Folger
of San Francisco are at the Holland. Mrs.
S. Sussman and Miss Sussraan of San
Francisco are at the Plaza.
A ROMANCE PUNCTURED.
Sergeant Tendy and Nellie Fetters
Not Married After All.
It seems from the latest accounts that
the Tennessee regiment is shy one ro
mance accredited to it by one of the par
ties in interest. A week or so ago Mrs.
Nellie Fetters, of 1935 Mariposa street,
Fresno, became responsible for the pub
lished story that she and Sergeant Jessup
Tendy of the First Tennessee Volunteers
had been married just before the young
soldier sailed for Manila, and that she
was going to join him in the far away
islands of the Pacific as soon as she
could get there by steamer. While tell
ing the story the woman made several
statements that caused doubt of its truth.
It is true that Mrs. Fetters did ask
the Cupid of the County Clerk's office for
a marriage license, but she did not get
one. Soon after the soldiers sailed for
Manila she went back to Fresno and from
there she has been writing and telegraph
ing to John O. Huff, cousin of the al
leged husband and a member of the Ten
nessee contingent that has been sent
home. Since the alleged marriage the
woman has sent the following dispatch
from Fresno to Huff: "If you go to Chi
cago I will go that far with you. Answer
immediately. I pay. Nellie Fitters." An
other dispatch to Huff says: "Will vim
wait till Thursday night? I will go East.
Answer quick. I pay. Nellie Fetters."
Young Soldier Huff does not regard the
proposition with favor. He has a letter
from her in which she intimates that she
is very desirous of seeing Sergeant
Tendy's mother, and speaks of a great
wrong having been done her by the man
whom she says is her husband. Huff sent
the woman a dispatch that should set
tle her case forever. It was to the ef
fect that he does not want her to send
him any more letters or telegrams and
not to assert that she Is the wife of Ser
geant Tendy.
Miss Shields Owned the Shell.
The shell found by Harry Murray at the
late residence of Mrs. Shields on Virginia
avenue is claimed by Miss Julia Shields
as being her property.
She said it was given to her by a young
man named Sam Reed, who is in the navy
and at present on board the Petrel. Her
desire for curios prompted Reed to bring
her the shell about four years ago, an-1
during all this time neither herself nor
her mother had any idea that the shell
was loaded or in any way dangerous. It
was left at the residence in the hurry and
bustle o£ the Shields" removal.
NOTHING CAN
BE GAINED
BY CONTESTS
Clerk Jordan Has a
Few Votes to Spare.
REPUBLICANS TO RATIFY
CHAIRMAN BREED INTENDS TO
DRIVE THE MORAL HOME.
Every Club in Alameda County Will
Come to Oakland to Join in
the Shouting for
Gage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 11.
It is now realized that nothing- could be
gained by the fusionists by making a
contest against the Republican County
Clerk, Frank Jordan, who was re-elected
by over 500 majority. As the votes came
in the margin between Jordan and his op
ponent, T. L. Stoddard, was very narrow,
and there were whispers among the fu
sionists of fraud. At the close Jordan
drew well ahead, and as the fusionists
had watchers at the polls as well as the
Republicans, it is an admission of care
lessness and indifference to suggest tnat
their man was counted out. Especially
is this the case in view of u.e fact that
the Union County Committee boasted
before and after election of the wonder
fully successful efforts it put forth to pre
vent illegal voting and unfair counting.
The campaign of County Clerk Jordan
was the most bitterly contested of any
on the ticket. Jordan four years ago was
a prominent leader of the A. P. A. Dur
ing his term of office this organization
fell apart, and Jordan's half was fought
by the other half. The Independent Re
publicans also indorsed Jordan s oppo
nent. He also had to fight the Democrats,
Populists and Silver Republicans. In his
own ward he had the bitterest fight of
all. Owing to the unpleasantness in the
Hilborn-Metcalf contest Jordan only car
ried the primary election by six votes,
and the bitterness then apparent had not
died away last Tuesday, Jordan feeling
the full benefit of it. However, the
doughty Clerk did not despair, but by at
fability and hard work he won enough in
dividual votes in workshops, on trains, in
factories, in offices and in the hidden dis
tricts of the county to land himself a
winner.
Chairman Breed of the Republican
County Central Committee is preparing
for the grandest ratification demonstra
tion that Alameda County has ever seen.
"I intend to drive home the moral of last
Tuesday," said Mr. Breed this afternoon.
"This duty on the part of Republicans
cannot be treated slightly. We must once
and forever demonstrate that Maguireism
is a dead issue and that intelligence and
conservatism are synonyms for Republi
canism. Every Republican club in the
county will be 'invited to Oakland for the
occasion. There will be two mass meet
ings and enough fireworks to burn up the
town. The datf> has not yet been set. but
in all probability ir will be one week from
to-morrow — November 19.
Big Debt Compromised.
An order was made by Judge Coffey
yesterday permitting Mrs. June L. Stan
ford to compromise the indebtedness due
the Stanford estate from the estate of the
late Judge James Shafter. The amount
of the indebtedness is 177,551. The amount
is secured by a mortgage upon two tract?
of land and a chattel mortgage upon 700
head of cattle. The land was subject tn
the lien of a prior mortgage and has sub
sequently been conveyed to the Point
Reyes Land Company. Judge Coffey has
authorized Mrs. Stanford to accept pay
ment of p.ccrued interest amounting to
$4000 and a mortgage of $75,000 on a part
of the Rancho Tomales.
For Stealing a Diamond.
Harry Reiman, a newsboy, was yester
day held to answer before the Superior
Court by Judge Low on a charge of grand
larceny in $1000 bonds. A similar charge
against William Murphy will be heard
Monday The boy was accused of stealing
a diamond worth $100 from Julius Van
Vliet jeweler, 762 Market street, and
Murphy is accused of stealing it from the
boy, after which it was lost.
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's.*
Extra fine machine chocolates, all fla
vors, 25c pound. Townsend's.
Time to order your Thanksgiving plum
puddings at Townsend's. •
Send your Eastern friends Townsend's
California Glace Fruits. 50c Tb, In fire etch
boxes. 627 Market st.. Palace Hotel. *
Onyx Tables and Lamps.
Onyx tables, lamps, globes and shades.
Finest goods and lowest prices at San
born & Vails. 741 Market street. •
Husband (at the breakfast table)— oh
for some of the biscuits my mother used
to make!
Wife (sweetly)— l'm sorry you haven t
got them, dear. They would be just about
stale enough by this time to go well with
that remark.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per tt> at Townsend's*
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Philanthropist— And have you anything
laid by for a rainy day?
Pat Duey — A whole quart, sor: an" it's
a glorious drunk Ol'll hoy th 1 foorst day
it's too wet to wooruk.— Judge.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car is nicely upholstered in leather.
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Go»s
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rat? 3
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 63$ Market st..
San Francisco.
Coughs and colds are dangerous intruders. Ex
pel tnem with Fabkkb's Gisqeb Toxic.
I'akkkk Hair Balsam aids the hair growth.
For a tonic for nervous and dyspeptic people
nothing: equals Angostura Bitters. Genuine—
Dr. Siegert's— lmported from South America.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RoftL,
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
Safeguards the food
against alum*
Alum baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
______gOYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK. ,FAST VESSELS
FOR HAWAIIAN
SUGAR TRADE
Three of Them Now
Being Built.
RAISING OF THE PETERS
TEE SUNKEN STEAMER IS UP
ON THE MUD FLATS.
Woes of Captain McKenzie of the
British Bark Heathfieid— His
Cjew Makes Trouble
in Japan.
Trade with Hawaii Is on the Increase
and there seems to be a constant demand
fur sailing vessels to put in the sugar
/ trade. At the present time three new
vessels re being: built for the Honolulu
business and will be ready to go into
commission about the first of the year.
Two of the vessels will be four masted
i schooners and one is being: built at Eu
reka by H. D. Bendixsen and the other
at Alameda by Hay & Wright. The other
vessel will be a four' masted barkentine,
and she also is being built at Eureka.
The schooners will be sister ships to the
Muriel and Honoipu, now on a race from
San Francisco to Puget Sound, Australia,
Hawaii and home. They are 164. feet long-,
87 feet broad and 13.S feet deep, and will
be named the Robert H. Hind and James
Kolph, after the members of the firm of
Hind, Kolph & Co., who own the fleet.
The barkentine is 191.6 feet long, 39.10 feet
broad and 16.S feet deep. She has not
been named yet. All three vessels when
completed will load here for Honolulu.
The wrecked river steamer J. D. Peters
was rais.ed put of the mud in Richardson
isay yesterday and carried up a consid
. erable distance on the mud flats. Thurs
day night the chains and fixtures were
got under her keel and at low water the
barges were made fast. When the tide
began to rise it looked at one time as
though the barges could not overcome the
suction and immense weight of the water
combined, but at the last pinch the Pet
ers came. The tugs Sea Queen and Red
mond at once took hold of her and ran
her away up on the beach.
me Peters Is now In such a position that
fit low water her main deck is comnletely
f It will now be an easy job for the
divers to go down and make a bulkhead,
and in two or three days the vessel will
be pumped out and afloat.
The remains of six Chinese were got
out of the forward cab!n of the Peters
on Thursday, and there are still believed
t<>. 'be six or seven more there. No at
tempt will be made to recover the bodies
however, until the vessel has been bulk
headed and pumped out
The British bark Heathfield, which ar
rived at Port Townsend yesterday in bal
last lias had a very eventful time of it
lately She left Shanghai for the Sound
in ballast and on September 5 was caught
in a typhoon. It raged for three days
ana When all was over the vessel was
™™ rly,r Iy ,, a ,V eck - Ca P l ain McKenzie was
compelled to put into Yokohama in dis
tress and then the troubles with his crew
began. First one lot of men would de
sert ana then another, so the skipper was
constantly in hot water.
, Just before the vessel sailed from Yo
kohama Victor Hendrickson; an able sea
man, and R. XV. Gardner, the cook, de
. sorted and were taken before Judge R
«». E. Forster of Her Britannic Majesty's
court for Japan, after being- caught. Cap
tain McKenzie gave Gardner a bad char
acter, but said Hendrickson was a good
Vailor. He asked that both men be re
turned to the ship. After Imposing a fine
the judge made the order asked by i.,e
captain and then began to leave the
. bench. Gardner was mad and exclaimed"
••The old man says I'm no good, and what
do you want to send me back to the ship
. for?" "With that he let fly a heavy hook
which narrowly escaped his Honor's head
and wrecked a glass globe. He was given
six months' Imprisonment with hard labor
for contempt of court, so the Heathfield
had to sail without her cook. She made
the run across the Paciric in the fa«t
k time of thirty days.
Repairs on the steamer Czarina that
■was run down by the river steamer J D
Peters are being rushed. While she is in
the hands of the workmen a new well
deck is to be put in. whicn will add not
only to the appearance but to the carrying
capacity of the vessel.
Sergeant Tom Mahoney of the harbor
police has received the following letter
from the ladies of the Red Cross Society:
Sergeant Mahoney— Dear Sir: The hospital
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of th« Following Firms Please Mention "Tie CalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE, j
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and fJrt Ware Importers,
117 SLITTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
llf Btoek fll I ID * C(\ v Montgomery at..
.Auctioneers. BIL-L-lI U vV- San Francisco.
BELTI.NO.
LP IIFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting
, F. UCUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis- i
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. j
bo;ler makers.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, |
"W. .1. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention 1 . Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Worts— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDFCV 2, CAUC — Makers and Dealers In
bKltn Cl SUi'JLar.'Jaus. Hacks. Victorias.
Cart* and liuggrie*. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
Ft... Scan Francisco.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. 1&17 Market st.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main lS6<-
DENTIST.
DR. C W • RICHARDS, &.*!«, r£eW
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS.
411-413 California street, >— tr.
'n-itnl Represented over 000.000
FLOUR.
ViTIPVII Flour Mill*. J. Mnrt*n(«t< > .n ft Co.
nAIiUIiAL BVT. cor. Battery nd } aclflc sta.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO.. Snipplwt ■ Butebew, m
JA3- DUIE3 & VU,, Clay. Tel. Main UM.
"hardware,
PALACE Hardware Co. Importers & Dealers '
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
WILL CARRY SUGAR FROM HAWAII.
A four-masted barkentme and two four-masted schooners are being built at Eureka and Alameda
for the Honolulu trade. The schooners are to be sister ships to tho Muriel and Honoipu, both of which have
been pictured in The Call. The barkentine is expected to be very fast. She has not yet been named. Her
dimensions are 191.6 feet long, 39.10 feet beam and 16.8 feet deep.
committee are closing their work to-day, and
as they look back over it they find that you
were an Important factor in it, responsible for
much of Its success. They realized their limi
tations, and when they met them your depart
ment stepped in and carried the work on to
fulfillment. For your many kindnesses to the
committee nd the Red Cross Society we
heartily thank y^Y.-un, v ry. truly. rq
Chairman Hospital Committee.
MRS. ROBERT MACKENZIE, Secretary.
THE BERKELEY RUNS AMUCK.
Crashes Into Her Slip and Smashes
Seven Piles and Does Other
Damage.
The Southern Pacific's new ferry steam
er Berkeley ran amuck last night and
nearly scared the life out of the passen
gers who were aboard. Something went
wrong- with the machinery and the fast
ferry-boat went crashing into the slip.
Seven of the big fender piles grave way
under the impact, the planking of the
wharf was torn up and some of the under
pinning of the structure was carried
away. , .
The Berkeley was only damaged to i-^e
extent of some paint, and the passengers
escaped with a scare.
Charles Rollo Peters writes about
Alexander Harrison, the famous
American painter, in next Sunday's
Call.
Pure Food Commission.
A conference committee from the Rn-ird
of Health will meet with tho pure fo id
committee of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association Monday. Novel
14 rtt '■', p. m.. to consider a bill to be pre
sented to the next Legislature creating a
pure food commission.
Surprise to the Ladies.
This Saturday E. Messager, corner Post
and Grant avenue, will sell for a leader
a new line of tailor-made jack. I
n^w styles and shades, at ten dollars and
fifty cents. •
Judge Conlan Sic£.
Since Wednesday last Judpe Conlan has
been confined to bed through sickness
broupht on by exposure durinpr the clos
ing days of the campaign. .Justice of the
a Kerrigan has been disposing- of the
oases in his court. The Judge is chafing
under hi? enforced detention at home, as
he is anxious to get out and thank his
friends for running up such a heavy vote
for him.
Don't forget German Mother's Synip curei
your child's cough. Better try it. 25c.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEI BOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln ,v. 8. 0-
En,? Ba i e x and Retail Manufacturers of ail
klnda of Hi" 1 "" and dealers In Baggie*.
carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
I PI! MO l iu '33 t I*'1 *' Equipment*. Fliihln*
llllnl\ Tackle . Athletic Goods, etc .Tend
UUIICP !, cr catalogue. OEO. W. SHRKVB.
739 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS. ~— —
¥$£?& Found Morton & Hedlev. Prop-*..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Da.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black ISOS.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOL. IN MFG. CO.
Manurnctur^ blankets, CasalmerM Tweeds and
Flannels. 635 Market at.. Ran Franclaro Crt
Goods for »ale at all leading dry (rood, »tor#«;
MARINE INSURANCE
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPaWiKSL
Combined Capital, $4.000 000 '
BYZ A CO.. Affntt.
_ i 101 California »L
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
1II1« DCnntlAilW ,t. Telephon* Main UT4.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll l AMFTTP PUI p ANr> papef? co
IYIILAmEIIC 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
T^' 1 **>*■ /*»*»♦ "'"' *^ «»vi f - — .. ** t ->*•%
PIANO and MUSIC STORE
KOHLER & CHASE,
I* and 30 O'Farrell St.
• A f"OTT>" cf ••xper; tuners »nd rrnnlr>n
PRINTING. — —
E. C- HUGHES, mi gSfffflU.
SOAP.
Op I ITfV (X fft 123 T7. Tr^l Main 1«1
, K. LUWI li tU,, rerjn 37. Tel Main l«V.
STATIONER AND PRINTER. ~~
Te co g^r c PARTRIDGE ?««pz
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, 5& a lfc- ,
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO
Forwarding Ac«nt« and Pnbllo Weigh***
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office, no California at. T«L Main Ml!
~~~ ~~ WALLPAPER.
V.'Hr.i.p- VliE & retail; fiend tor samples. sUt-
ln»c quality & color. PUFFY CO.. 91* Howard.
WATCHES, ETC.
rl UVnV Headquarters tor fine Jewelry and
• Lvalflt lull 18-k. Wedding Rlnss, i M ft.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. PATTHPAY, !NOVEMBEB 12, 1898.
JOB NO. 7423
MISAPPLYING
CITY FUNDS
It Meets a Delayed
Death.
SUPERVISORS' SCHEME FAILS
IT WAS FOR REPAIRING POST
STREET.
Had Slipped Through the Board
Without Notice and Was Al
most Ready for Exe
cution.
The wealthy citizens who have their
homes on Post street, between Leaven
worth and Hyde, will not be favored with
a new bitumen pavement at the expense
of the city. The Mayor yesterday inter
posed a veto, which, it i 3 understood, will
be supported l.y Clinton, Dod~e, Lack
mann and other. Supervisors who were
hoodwinked into voting for a bitumen
pavement on the block In question.
Some peculiar jugglery has come to
light in connection with this matter. It
appears that certain well-to-do people
■with sensitive nerves, who reside on the
block, were disposed to object to the
rumble and roar of vehicles passing over
the substantial basalt surface in front of
I their residences. The pavement was one
of the best of its class in San Francisco,
and there Beemed little chance to secure
a new one of noiseless bitumen on the
pl< a that the basalt was worn out. So
iar as tlie residents could foresee they
wore doomed to endure noise in common
with thousands of other citizens also liv
iiiH ori basait streets.
But just at this juncture there came to
the front very quietly the man who was
I.- ■• ded to assist the afflicted people whose
turs were distracted by the rumblings of
the Post street basalt. He called upon
certain Supervisors of the Street Com
mittee and explained to them that the
sound waves from basalt, especially the
sonorous basalt of Post street, were de
cidedly injurious to the ear drums of the
property owners in his neighborhood, and
that it would be a humane act if the Su
pervisors would be so kind as to order
the pavement torn up at the expense of
the city and bitumen substituted.
One and all of the Supervisors who were
approached pondered long and seriously
ovi r the proposition. "What excuse could
they give for tearing up an ao
street, one of the best in the city, and
placing bitumen upon It at the expense
of the municipality, when miles upon
miles of other basalt paved streets were
not so treated? It was a knotf question.
If the property owners on other streets
found it out thoro would be a frigluful
howl. So the Supervisors of the Street
Committee reasoned in council until one
of their number exclaimed: "Well, how
do you suppose that the taxpayers are go
ing to know anything about It? We will
simply advertise for bids in the official
paper, and there Isn't one chance in a
thousand that anybody will see the ad.
You can tip off the word to the Pacific
Paving Company arid the job will be
doite.
The Street Committee chorused ap
proval of this wise advice and then took
tin- necessary preliminary stt-p of spoking
tl • consent of mio entire board. Mixed
In artistically among a mass of inof
fensive street repair recommendations
tho resolution to repave Post street, be
tween Qeavenworth and Hyue. was put
through by the committee on October 18
without discovery, tho few wnteh dogs
in the txmrd failing to scent any job.
Mayor PhHan, iii tho chair, was com
plaisant. Ail went morry as a marriage
bell. Tho Street Committee proceeded to
advertise for bids, using the city's official
organ, and of course nobody saw the ad
vertisement. Tho conditions printed were
to the point. Bids were asned for on
the distinct understanding that the con
tractor was to be paid by the city and
county alone. It was so stated in the
conditions. The Pacific Pavlntr Company
was awarded the contract for $2657 34. less
1475 34 rebate for fine basalt blocks takon
up and classed as "old material." The
scheme had proceeded without a hitch,
and thf» Supervisors who were instru
mental In putting it through Wfre each
pxpecling a littlo private smile of appre
ciation, when some meddlesome person,
nn me at nresent unknown, went to the
r and demanded that justice should
be "done tho other taxpayers of tho city
who did not live on the .selecteu portion of
Post street by vetoing the resolution
awarding the contract. To give tho
Mayor duo credit, he was fully of the
opinion expressed by his visitor as to the
unjustnoss of the repaying project, and he
sat himself down forthwith to writo a
v<Mo terse and stringent in its brevity.
This vfto was dropped into tho office of
the Supervisors' clerk late yesterday aft
ernoon. Now there will be kiekinjr and
bucking and a gruesome snort on the part
of the Streel Committee and the Post
street gentlemen who had promised each
of them an individual smile ac a reward
for tlioir earnest and disinterested labors
for the alleviation of noise on Post Street
at a time when the street fund was ex
hausted nnd nopded repairs on other
streets were held to be impossible.
An Oakland Musical©.
A delightful muslcale and social was
?iven at the residence of Mrs. B. Woods,
LOl4 East Thirtieth street. Oakland, last
Thursday evening by the Misses Alice and
Esther Wood, assisted by Miss McDonell,
Miss Übang, Miss Wallace, Mr. Sherwood,
Mr. Lindsay and Mr. Hamilton. The par
lors were elegantly decorated with roses,
ferns and vines and the grounds were
lighted by lanterns.. At 10 o'clock a sup
per was served, after which dancing was
continued until a late hour. Those pres
ent were: Mrs. Wood, the Misses Bessie
and Jessie Wood, Mrs. McDonell and
daughters, Mrs. Daniels and daughters.
Mrs. Kelly, Mips Franklin, Mrs. Sher
wood, Mr. and Mrs. Grant Miller of Mcr
ced, R. Smith of Flagstaff, Ariz.. C. W.
Gilbert and Mr. Archer of the Hospital
corps at the Presidio.
BATTLE FOR WALTER'S ESTATE.
Judge Troutt Hears Two Applica
tions for Partial Distribution.
The fight for and against the partial
distribution of the estate of Gustav Wal
ter occupied the attention of Judge Troutt
yesterday. Josephine "Walter, widow of
the deceased, seeks distribution to her of
120,000 in money. In a second petition
August, Louis and Herman Walter, broth
era of the deceased; Frederlka Berken
bush, a sister; three children of a de
ceased sister, and six children of Mrs.
Schimpf, another sister, seek distribution
of $SOOU among them. These applications
are contested by Mrs. Emma Sterett, fur
years Walter's companion. A suit is now ;
pending In which Mrs. Sterett seeks to !
establish her contention that 12,500 shares [
of the Walter Orpheum Company, valued j
at $25,000; live bonds of the Market Street I
Railway Company $30,000 on deposit In !
various banks, $15,000 in dividends on the
Orphoum stock and other assets were ■
by Walter as her trustee, and she,
Since his death, is now entitled to tho <
property. Attorney Black of counsel for !
Mrs. Sterett also stated on the stand yes- '
terday that his client had further In- j
structed him to file a claim for an ac- i
counting against the estate.
When the case was called yesterday
Josephine Walter and Charles Schimpf
took the stand to establish minor allega- j
tlons. The various points involved were
then argued. Counsel for the petitioners
contended that partial distribution should
be granted even in event Mrs. Sterett's
claims were meritorious, which was
dnuhtod. as the estate, being valued at
$171,804 TO, was of sufficient magnitude to
stand the payment of the amounts asked
without jeopardizing Mrs. Sterett's claim.
Mrs. Sterett's counsel, however, con
tended that the order for distribution
might and in all probability would place
their client in an unenviable position, and
the court was asked to deny both peti
tions. Judge Troutt ordered the case sub
mitted on briefs, and the point will be
decided by the end of the month.
Becker-Creeg-an Cose.
Tho Becker-Creegan forgery case will
go to the jury next Monday afternoon.
For the past two days the case has been
argued. Attorney Ach made the opening
argument for the prosecution and was fol
lowed by Peter Dunno for the defense.
Dunne closed his argument last evening
and Monday morning Ach will close for
the prosecution. The case will then be
submitted for the consideration of the
jury.
In the Divorce Courts.
Louisa Gutsch has been granted a di
vorce from Philip Gutsch on the ground
of failure to provide. Mrs. Gutscn was
granted the custody of her minor child,
together with alimony in the sum of $10
a month. Mary J. Gorman was granted
a divorce from Daniel T. Gorman yester
day on the ground of habitual intemper
How Relief Came.
From the Cole County Democrat, Jefferson
City, Mo.
When la grippe visited this section,
about seven years ago, Herman H. Eveler
of 811 W. Main St., Jefferson, Mo., was one
of the victims, and has since been
troubled with the after effects of the dis-
ease. He is a well known contractor and
builder, a business requiring much men-
tal and physical work. A year ago his
health began to fall and he was obliged to
discontinue work. That he lives tfe-day
is almost a miracle. He says:
"I was troubled with shortness of
breath, palpitation of the heart and a
general debility. My back also pained
me severely.
"I tried one doctor after another and
numerous remedies suggested by my
friends, but without apparent benefit !
and began to
give up hope.
Then I s a w
Dr. Williams 1
Pink Pills for !
Pale People I
extolled in a |
St. Loulsi
paper, and
after investi-
gation, decid-
ed to give
them a trial.
"After using
the first box
I felt wonder-
fully relieved
and was sat-
\
A Contractor's Difficulty.
lsfied that the pills were putting me on
the road to recovery. I bought two more
boxes and continued taking them.
"After taking four boxes of Dr. Wil-
liams' Pink Pills for Pale People I am re-
stored to good health. I feel like a new ■
man, and having the will and energy of \
my former days returned, 1 am capable
of transacting my business with increased
ambition.
"Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale Peo-
ple are a wonderful medicine and any one
that Is afflicted with shortness of breath,
palpitation of the heart, nervous prostra- ■
tion and general debility will find that
these pills are the specific.
"I IK R.MAN H. EVKLER."
Subscribed and sworn to before me a
Notary Public, this 24th day of May, 1597.
ADAM POUTSZONG, Notary Public.
Mr. Eveler will gladly answer any in-
quiry regarding this if stamp is enclosed.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure people
troubled with the after effects of v ne
grippe because they act directly on the
Impure blood. They are aiso a specific for
chronic erysipelas, catarrh, rheumatism
ami all diseases due to impure or lmpover- '
ished blood.
ance. Mamie Childers has sued John
Childers for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide as a cause of complaint. Emma
Hoffman asks for a divorce from August
Hoffman on the grounds of cruelty and
desertion. William H. Russell has ap
plied for a divorce from Ida E. Russell.
The plaintiff alleges cruelty as a cause of
action. Suits for divorce on the ground
of afilure to provide have been filed by
of failure to provide have been filed by
son and Johanna Meyer against Charles
Meyer.
DENIES THE BUMOB.
William M. Bunker Says the Daily
Report Is Not for Sale.
There was a rumor current yesterday to
the effect that the Scripps-Mcßae syndi
cate of newspapers was negotiating for j
the purchase of the Daily Report and
that the sale was to be made at 1 p. m.
yesterday. The rumor was strengthened !
by the fact that Paul H. Blades, manag- |
er for the Scripps-Mcßae syndicate, was
In the city and had called on the manage
ment of the Report on business of a more
or less private nature. _,„.
fcdward Booth, editor, and William M.
Bunker, president, of the Report, positive
ly deny that the paper has been sold or
that there is any negotiation for the sale
of it to the Scrippe-Mcßae syndicate.
They further state that there has been no
transfer of any of the stock of the Report,
and that the paper will continue under
the same management as heretofore. Mr.
Bunker was busily engaged yesterday
with several gentlemen on business, but
said it was on matters pertaining to the
news service of the Scripps-Mcßae syndi
cate, to which the Report Is a subscriber.
There are 2900 shares of stock in the
paper, and of this amount Mrs. A. C
Hiester owns nearly a half Interest. The
remaining bhares are owned by Mr. Bun
ker and others. The rumor was that the
Scripps-Mcßae people were trying to ob
tain control of Mrs. Hiester's shares. Isa
than H. Frank, attorney for the Report,
also denies that there is anything in the
rumored sale of the paper. Despite these
many denials it was learned from other
sources that the Scripps-Mcßae syndicate
is making direct overtures to the manage
ment of the Report for the purchase of
the paper, and it is stated that only the
question of the amount to be paid for the
paper has so far prevented a consumma
tion of the sale. It was learned that the
sale of the paper may occur this week as
goon as terms are agreed on by both par
ties. •
Alice Wolf Died.
Alice Wolf, the widow who swallowed
the contents of a bottle of carbolic acid
last Thursday, died at 9 o'clock yesterday
morning. An inquest will be held.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: SINGULAR STATEMENT.
1 From Mrs. Rank to Mrs. Plnkham.
1 '
The following letter to Mrs. Pink-
■ ham from Mrs. M. Rank, No. 2,354
East Susquehanna Aye., Philadelphia,
Pa., is a remarkable statement of re-
lief from utter discouragement. She
says:
" I never can find words with which
to thank you for what Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has done
for me.
" Some years ago I had womb trouble
and doctored for a long time, not see-
ing any improvement. At times I
would feel well enough, and other
times was miserable. So it went on
until last October, I felt something
terrible creeping over me, I knew not
j what, but kept getting worse. I can
hardly explain my feelings at that
time. I was so depressed in spirits
: that I did not wish to live, although I
j had everything to live for. Had hys-
i teria, was very nervous; could not
j sleep and was not safe to be left
alone.
" Indeed, I thought I would lose my
mind. No one knows what I endured.
" 1 continued this way until the last
! of February, when I saw in a paper a
testimonial of a lady whose ease was
i similar to mine, and who had been
cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta-
I ble Compound. I determined to try it,
and felt better after the first dose. I
continued taking it, and to-day am a
well woman, and can say from my
heart, 'Thank God for such a medi-
cine.'"
Mrs. Pinkham invites all suffering-
women to write to her at Lynn, Mass.,
for advice. All such letters are seen
and answered by women only.
A
Few
Bargains
Plush Albums, holding 48 Cf| r
cabinets - JUC
Fancy Celluloid Sets, Glove and
Handkercnief Boxes, set sfk~
of 2 for 3UC
Fancy Fans — Closins out entire
line at Half Price
WILL & FTNCK CO.,
818-820 MARKET ST.
"WINDY AND DISAGREEABLE."
When a man blows wind off his stomach, that is flatulence.
Sometimes people call it gulping arind. No matter what you call it,
the disease, for it is a disease, is an annoying one to you and disgust-
ing to your friends. I once heard a politician speak of a rival, whom
he did not admire, as a flatulent old fool. Flatulent means wmdy.
Usually we mean by it wind collected in the stomach. Wind in the
intestines may also be just as properry designated flatulence. It is
always caused by indigestion. A physician, who practices in a town
near Albany, New York, reports the case of an old gentleman who
had been so annoyed by a persistent condition of flatulence that he
had consulted all the doctors in the vicinity without securing any
benefit. 4< Finally he came to me and I prescribed several remedies
which failed utterly. I then prescribed Ripans Tabules, which he re-
ported gave him immediate relief, and he is now nearly cured. I think
it would be an excellent thing to make a strong feature of • flatulence*
in all the R-I-P-A-N-S advertisements, for I find theaa cxceJJeoi in
almost every case of that sort,"
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iUIARIANI WINE)
THE IDEAL TONIC.
Marlani Wine is a tonic prepared
upon truly scientific principles. It con-
tains absolutely no injurious properties.
It hag been indorsed by more than
8000 .American physicians.
Mariani Wine gives power to the
brain, strength and elasticity to the
muscles and richness to the blood. It
is a promoter of good health and
longevity.
Mariani Wine is specially indicated
for General Debility, Overwork, Weak-
ness from whatever causes, Profound
Depression and Exhaustion, Throat and
Lung Diseases, Consumption and Ma-
laria,
Mariani Wine is invaluable for over-
worked men, delicate women and sickly
children. It soothes, strengthens and
sustains the system and braces body
and brain. ; Try it.
To tho3e who will kindly write to MARIANI
& CO., 52 West lath street. New York City, will
be Bent, free, book containing, portraits with in-
dorsements of Emperors, Empress, Princes,
Cardinals, Archbishops and other interesting
matter. Mention this paper.
All Druggists. , Avoid Substitutions.
,<?g^DEWEY,STRONG &Co.^^^
O.DEWtY.STRONG&CO.^-^.
patents::)
330 MARKET SY. 5.F. *%*&
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDYJTHEATER.
TO-NIGHT !
Matinee To-day and To-morrow, Sunday.
Lincoln J. Carter's Great Spectacular Pro-
, duction of
THE HEART
OF CHICAGO
BEE % THE MARVELOUS APPROACHING TRAIN.
Introducfne a Splendid Line of
HIGH- CLASS SPECIALTIES.
Prices— Evening, Isc. 25c, 35c and 50c: Mat-
inee, 25c, to all carts. Gallery, 15c. Seats-
Comedy Theater and Emporium.
Next— "UNDER THE DOME."
Off VMDIA Mason,
\JLI I IYIKI A, Cop. Eddy.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
PERN STARS.
THE NEW YORK FAVORITES,
America's Most Beautiful Music Hail.
T FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
ERN STARS.
THE NEW YORK FAVORITES,
MULYEY and MAN,
In Their Great Specialties.
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK AND A GREAT
SENSATION.
The Four Florences!
Return of the Favorites,
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
Very Latest Coon Songs,
AND A WONDERFUL SHOW
Of Ten Great Acts.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
Ml SUNDAY. NOV. 13; 1898, at 1:30 p.
m., Grand Concert BY THE
GLEN PARK BAND.
Balloon Ascension and Parachute
TT xi j Jump by Professor Hagal,
U 1/ (weather permitting-).
rl Pi I GLEN PARK IS A PARADISE
11 i-* FOR CHILDREN.
Plenty of Swings, See-saws, Fly-
ITI Ing Dutchmen; Merry-go-Round;
I L Donkey Riding; Morro Castle, full
Vi of Animals; Elk and Deer Paddocks;
A *™ Seal Lakes; Large Aviary; Squirrel
S_, House; New Pavilion.
n ; 1/ Admission 10c. Children under 5
N II | years free. Take San Mateo Slee-
py XV | trie road. Valencia. Mission and
| Sutter street cars transfer.
No liquors gold In Glen Park.
CONCERTS AND BESCBTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, NOV. 13, AT 2:30 P. M.
SWIMMING RACES
FOR VAL ABLE PRIZES
AND MUSIC BY THE GAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION 10s - - - - CHILDREN So
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M.
Bathing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
. AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO. Lessees and Managers.
-T
MATINEE TO-DAY.
SSMBLLAB
Sunday I\JCjJjJjAJII
J|J[]) THE GREAT MAGICIAN. »
ALL Assisted by Mrs, Kellar,
NEXT llnI In a series ot
Trmnn- I MYSTIFYING...
TTIIIIII. [ ...ILLUSIONS.
■ Coming— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
BALDWIN THEATER.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO., Lessees and Managers.
I .-S. '* MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL. NEXT WEEK.
THE SEASON'S HIT,
Mr. Jacob Litt presents Grant Stewart's Suc-
cessful Comedy,
Mistakes
: A Great Cast, Headed by
CHARLES DICKSON AND HENRIETTA
CROSSMAN.
Coming— "SECRET SERVICE."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO.. Lessees and Managers.
A SURE YOU OAN ' T ESC APE ! WM
,„,.,' WE'VE GOT THE HITS!
THING! THE POPULAR PRICE !
1 WE'LL HAVE YOUR MONEY 1
■J C _ MATINEE TO-DAY.
lOC*, TO-NIGHT— TIME.
25C The Ori nal Irish Comedians,
35c[ MURRAY
DUC 'I — MIND —
DUC - 7V\/\ck:,
FINNIGAN'S BALL.
Sunday Night— The Military Drama,
"NORTHERN LIGHTS.'"
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, NOV 12.
Parquet, any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c.
Children 10c, Any Part.
PAULINE HALL, Queen of Comic Opera. in
Popular Selections.
BEATRICE MORELAND AND CHARLES
M. SHAY, in "A Game of Golf."
Last Week of the Following Artists:
CARL HERTZ AND MLLE. D 1D 1 ALTON, New
Illusion, "Aerolithe."
JOHN C. RICE AND SALLY COHEN, a New
Act, "The Kleptomaniacs."
RAYMON MOORE.
NEWSBOYS' QUINTET. 1
PEARL ANDREWS.
SELLS AND YOUNG.
THE BIOGRAPH, New Views.
. ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST TIMES OF
f . The Laugh-making Comedy^
DR.
BILL!
PRICES - - - 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week Win. H. Crane's Comedy Success,
"A FOOL OF FORTUNE."
SEATS NOW READY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
To-Nieht and Matinee To Day at Z p. tu.
i =..*;"': Last Time
CIRCUS QUEEN!
To-Morrow Night Last , Time
QIROFLE-QIKOFLA!
NEXT— "SUZETTE"— First Time Hero. '
Popular Prices— 2s cents and 50 cents.
A Reserved Seat for the Matinees, 25c.
MOROSCO'S GRAND SES E
V" alike Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
WEEK OF NOVEMBER 7. 1593.
: GRAND PRODUCTION
Of the Great French Melodrama.
Strangers of Paris
A Panorama of the World's Gay Metropolis.
Exciting: plot. Strong cast. Great scenes.
Seats on Sale at the Box Office
And Main Floor of th« Emporium.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 86!.
Reserved Seats ... 25 and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery . . 10c
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting IS9S-99, beginning SATURDAY.
October 29, to November 12. inclusive. -,*
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAT.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connects:;;; '
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
ORACINGffom Monday, Nov. 14, tof)
n Saturday, Noy. 26, inclusive.
Five or Sore Banning Races Daily, Rain % /
|| or Shine. i**v\
> % Beautiful Grounds. * /
Superior Accommodations. s^*
I-/ FIRST RACE AT 2P. M. r^
*£ S. P. R. R. Trains, 12:45 and 1:15 A if
'^\ p. m. dally. Leave Third-street
I m Station, stopping at Valencia street. W j
%C Returning Immediately after the > £
II races. Round-trip ticket. 25c. tf^
1 # ELECTRIC CAR LINES. 1 »
JgaL Kearny-street and Mission-street \€
If* cars every three minutes, direct to 9€
cars every three minutes, direct to
\ M track without change. Fillmore- % jf
O street cars transfer each way. jL/»
ADMISSION TO THE TRACK. $1.00. i~%
-Ef S. N. ANDROUS, President. > f
MJ F. H. GREEN, Secretary. /R^
ooQoamoooo
Weekly Ca11,51.50 per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SL'MMAFT OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Oats. Corn and Rye unchanged.
No demand for Buckwheat.
Hay and FeedstufTs unchanged.
Beans anil Seeds as before.
Some changes in Coal.
Rice stands the same.
" No further decline in Exchange.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Vegetables coming in frozen.
Butter firm and Eggs still higher.
Turkeys plentiful and lower.
Game sold higher.
Nuts doing better.
Dried Fruits unchanged.
Fresh Fruits the same.
No Chance in Provisions.
Meat Market unaltered.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 11, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal raintalla to
date as compared With those of same dale last
teuton and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Past 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 4.26 5.0«
j.-.i Bluff 0 1.11 2.79
Sacramento 0 O.SI 2.14
San Fjancisoo 0 1.92 2.07
Fresno 0 1.14 1.23
San Luis Obiepo 0 0.58 o.l>o
I-oa Angeles 0 0.11 X.47
Kan Diego 0 0.07 1.07
Turna 0 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: M.tximum temperature.
70; minimum, 52; mean. 61.
Forecast made at San Frandsoo for thirty
hours, ending midnight. November 12. LS9S:
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
fresh northwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais — Clear; wind
northwest. 25 tnliiis; temperature, 64; maximum
temperature, SS. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Nov. 11.— The opening trades In
wheat showed declines of %£J9»c, May starting
at from 60^-4 : i?Sor.jC- There was plenty of news
of a discouraging nature to buyers, but the
peiiing pressure was surprisingly light and no
further decline occurred. On the contrary the
market began to mend shortly after the open-
Ing, and though the advance was very slow
lor two hours it was sure. English consols
were up 3-lbU bid and an almost total lack of
foreign buying orders was reported from the
seaboard. Liverpool, which declined Id yes
terday, showed a further decline at the open-
Ing here to-day of Vtfld. and London reported
cargoes 3V*d lower. Shorts considered It
advisable to take the fronts on yesterday's
decline, and^ their buying soon sent the May
price up to d.'i^o. For a long time the market
hung between that figure and 65VjC. The vol
ume of trade was very moderate and fluctua
tions were Infrequent until after 11 o'clock,
when the tone 0/ the seaboard and foreign
news changed decidedly for the better and the
market here Immediately took notice of that
fact. Liverpool cables showed half of the
early decline recovered. Reports as to export
engagements were very conflicting for a time,
but the steadinss of New York convinced spec
ulators that good lousiness was being done. New
York anally claimed as high as 120 loads taken
at all points. The cash demand here and at
Northwest points showed improvement. There
was some talk of a possible squeeze In Decem
ber at New York, and this had an effect on
local shorts, who covered freely. As the ses
sion progressed the demand from shorts gradu
ally grew heavier and afternoon trading was
quite heavy in volume. May advanced steadily
to 66Vic and was bringing 66VsC at the close.
Corn was weak early on a decline in cables
and the Government report, which made the
crop 1,iC7.000,000 bushels. There was a good
cash demand and a lot of December buying
by shippers. There was renewed buying at the
decline by leading bull operators and the mar
ket became tinner, closing at the best prices
of the day. May closed a shade higher.
Oats were rather slow. Renewed selling by a
local ing, who has been selling heavily of
late, and sympathy with corn caused a rather
weak market early. Cash demand was good,
and whee the liquidation was over the strength
of car lot prices and the advance in other
grain markets was rejected by cats. May
closed a shade higher.
Provisions were stagnant. Early there was
some weakness with wheat and on lower hog .
prices. There was some demand from pack- j
erf, especially for lard, and shorts covered i
moderately, prices recovering the slight open- I
Ing decline. Cash demand was better. At the
close January pork was 2%c higher, lard and
ribs unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 4M.720 104.000
Duluth ES3.OSJ 210.273
Milwaukee 45,500 33.150 i
Chicago m,300 23.031
Toledo 3G.375 5.0C0
St Louis 59.000 ISO. OOO ■
Detroit 17.083 500 '
Kansas City 83.500 92,900 j
Totals 1.524.062 628.954
Tidewater —
Boston 34.590 32.?ns |
New York 207,200 158.899 I
Philadelphia 19,775 3.243
Baltimore 64,008 45.000 ;
New Orleans 74.470 I
Galveston 97.4J0 51.800 ;
Totals ' 413.00S 397.320 J '
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. i
Opening 0 •> s ■* ''
Closing 6 % ■•> 3?i|
PARIS FUTURES. j
F l , r ._ Oct. Jan.-ApK |
Opening 47 35 46 00 j
Closing 47 40 46 00 i
Opting*;. v 21 50 21 35
Closing 21 60 21 3o
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
2n,5.-.5; exDorts, 2700 barrels: quiet and steady, j
spring wheat brands absorbing what little de- j
mand existed.
WHEAT— Receipts, 207.200 bushejs; exports.
156,8:<3 bushels. Spot firm. No. 2 red, 76% c, f. j
o. b. afloat to arrive. Options— easy |
because of disappointing cables. Subsequent ;
events were more bullish on export demand on ;
higher late cables, and prices rallied sharply. j
Closed '/•t?%c net advance. Sales included No. i
2 red May, 70%970%c; closed 70% C.
HOPS— Firmer.
WOOL— Quiet. ■ ; • >.
METALS— Under conflicting influences the
metal market showed considerable Irregular
ity to-day. A feature of the development was
an advance in copper and decline in tin and ;
lead. Business In the 'aggregate was compara- j
tively small, although the prospects for im- |
provement in this direction next week were
regarded as very good: At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, quiet, $7 bid and $7 25
askeii.
LAKE COPPER— Fime, with $12 60 bid and
$12 SV asked. :
TlN— Dull an.i easier, with $18 05 bid and
$18 2.* i asked.
SPELTER Unchanged. $5 15 bid, $5 25 asked. ;
LEAD— Easier; «70 bid and $3 75 asked. The :
firm ns>m!ns the settling price for leading
miners and smelters at the West quoted lead
at i- C".
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
Ec lower. Sales, 23,500 bags. Including: De
cember. $5 W<i:> 45; January, $5 55: March, $5 75; |
April, $5 SO: May. $5 80@$ '■" l : June, $5 96.
Spot coffee— Rio, firm and fairly active. No. I
7 Invoice. 6%c: No. 7 jobbing, 6%c. Mild- i
Very steady. Cordova, 8315 c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong: fair refining, 3 13-162 1 ■
3"i,c: centrifugal, S6 test, ie; refined firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 3391 packages; steady. j
Western creamery, 15%@"23c; Elgin*, 23c; fac- !
tory. IWi'iiWiC.
EGGS — Receipts, 5056 packages, steady: West- i
err.. 23c.
DRIED FRUIT. \
NEW YORK. Nov. 11.— California dried fruits |
— Evaporated apples strong; other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7<gßc per
pound: prime wire tray, 8<3»3%c; choice, S%@
8c : fancy, '■' lv< "
PRUNES— 3%tnOe per pound.
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@14e: Moorpark, 13@17c.
PKAClfES— Unpeelcd. SV4@l2V4c; peeled, IS®
20c.
,
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— Receipts of cattle were '■
small to-day and in pood demand. The supply ,
was easily disposed of at strong prices. Native !
.beef steors, $3 90®5 60 '<r poor to best grades,
bulk of sales. $4 SSOE 25. Stockers nnd feeders,
were fairly animated, selling between $31T4 50.
Calves brought $5 90jf7 for best irrades.. west
ern range steers sold at $3 40@4 4."i and Texas
at V, '.'Mil 90.
HOGS— Averaged He below yesterday. Com- i
mon, $.1 2fl@K 86; best, $3 56»j3 60; bulk, $3 40® '
2 s!j: pies. $2 SO® 3 Is.
SHEEP — Lambs Hold actively to-day at strong i
prices the poorest selling at $3 75@4 25; best, '
$5 754/5 80. Sheep, $2 -.i'cU 75; Westerns, $2 25# \
4 55. Not many ■■ -'i. sold above $4 25, and '
feeCers hold mostly at $3 60@3 90, while feeding I
lambs brought >< 60*7:5.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hog», 27.000; sheep,
7000.
DENVER.
DENVER, N.jV. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Karkert«teafly; beef steer*. $3 lAffi 25; cows. '
T2 75<Q3 40: feeders, freight paid to- river. $2 SSgi .
4; t-tockers, freight paid to river. ?3@4 15; bulls. I
Btacii. etc.. *2':(2 75. ■ •
HOGS— i: ■■•■■'.). t.-. 450. Market steady: light
packers. $3 50(ffi3 '■'■ mixed. $3 45<g3 50; heavy,
$3 Wt&i 43. ' ' ■ . -
SHEEP— Recelptß. 1400. Market slow; prices
UHwhar-Kcd.
X A NBAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. U.—CATTLE—Re
ccI^U. 4000; market steady. Native rfteers,
$3 4<XS>5 25; Texas steers. $2 56@-4 90; Texas
cows. $2 60®3 10; native cows and heifers,
II 90©4 10; etockers and feeders. $2&4 20. bulls.
*HOGS-Receipts, 13.000. Market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sale*, *3 35@3 45: heavies. S3 40
OS 50; packer*. *3 30&8 47 1*;1 *; mixed $330<g>3 6o;
lights. $3 15@3 E5; yorkers, $3 SOQ3 35; pigs.
3 SHEEP — Receipts, 4000. Market steady.
! Lambs. $S SO@SS; muttons. *2 75@« 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Nov. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1700.
The market to-day was steady to strong.
Native beef steers. $4 25@5 30; Western steers,
$3 7i©4 30: cows and Hellers. $3@3 SO; stockers
and feeders, $3 2604 30; build, stags, etc.. $2 40
HOGS— Receipts, 770«. Market shade lower.
Heavy $3 40@3 45; mixed, *3 4CKt3 42V*; light.
$3 {SOS 52H; bulk of sales. $3 42^,@3 45.
SHEEP — Reoelptß, 1400. Market steady and
strong Native muttons, $3 So@4 40; Westerns.
■ $3 7O!i}-4 25; stock Bheep, $3 50<5>4 DO; lambs. *4 25
i (ffs 40.
I CALIFORNIA FIGS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 11.— Journal of Com
merce says: Layer flgs in boxes have been and
will be throughout the season a scarce com
modity. California has to some extent sup
plied the shortage In Important varieties, but
! the bulk of the stock received has been packed
i in l-r>ound bricks. The best fruit has come
| from the northern part of the State and in tex
j ture and flavor has compared favorably with
| imported figs, but the objection made against
the average California fig by consumers is that
! It ia thick-skinned and is deficient in flavor
i and sweetness, and until considerable improve-
I ment in these respects is made opinion among
Eastern handlers seems to be that it will be
! diflicult to induce consumers to take them
jas a substitute. even temporarily, for im
: ported fruit. California, it is claimed now,
, has an exceptionally good opportunity to in
troduce her figs in Eastern markets, but while
buyers at present may be disposed to pay
comparatively high prices for them because of
the short Smyrna crop, next year, if there is
a good output of the latter. California growers
may find it a difficult matter to maintain a
foothold in Eastern markets unless they ma
terially improve the quality of their fruit la
texture and flavor and are ready to market
it here at reasonable prices.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company's auction sales of
California fruit In the East to-day resulted as
follows: -. .-. i
: PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 11.— Tokay Grapes,
i single crates. SI 6S: double crates. 13 62.
CHICAGO. Nov. 11.— Emperor Grapes,
I average $1 39. Weather favorable. Three cars
I sold.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11.— Porter Eros. Company
California fruit sales: Pears — Morceau,
' $2 55 box: Winter Nells. J2. Grapes— Assorted
i Jl 95, single crate; Tokay. 65c@« 70; Verdells,
65c@$l 45; Cornlchons, 80c@$l 35; Black Ferra
ras, SOcfc'Xl 05.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 11. — Exporters to-day
\ made a nominal quotation of 59c for Walla
! Walla wheat and 62g63e for valley and blue-
Gtem, but are not at all anxious for business
' at these figures, and very few of the holders ;
will listen to anything less than 64@65c in Port
! land.
Cleared— Meeltan with 95,886 bushels of
, wheat for Queens-town.
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
| the week ending to-day were 650,768 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
: TACOMA, Nov. 11.— WHEAT— Club, 60c; blue- j
stem, 63@64c. (
There are now In elevators and on tracks in
Tacoma 1,590,000 bushels of wheat.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 11.— Consols* 110 1-16; silver, |
2Sd; wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and sell- |
. ers indifferent, operations 3d lower; cargoes ;
: on passage rather easier. 3d lower; No. 1
standard California, 32s yd; English country
i markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 11.— WHEAT— Dull; No. 1
! standard California. 6s lOd; wheat in Paris,
; quiet; flour in Paris, .quiet; French country ;
• markets, easy.
' COTTON— Uplands, 3d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern spring
! dull, 'is 2>4d. ;
CORN— Spot American mixed quiet, 3s lOd;
November steady. 3s Hid; December steady, '
I 3s B%d; March steady, 3s 6%d.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Nov. Exchanges, $..31,921;
. balances. $46,804.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 S3 1 ; j
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S6>.« •
Sterling Cables — 4 S I . i
New York Exchange, sight — 12V4 I
New York Exchange, telegraphic — la;
Fine Silver, per ounce — v>'/a <
Mexican Dollars — *?'* ;
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Prices were lower all around and j
the market was dull. :
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $1 IS%®l 20; milling,
SI 22'/ 2 26%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— December— j
ctls, »118%; 2'joo. $1 18%. May-2000. $1 -- ; a- „
Second session— May— 2ooo ctls. $1 22'/i; 44.1J00, ,
$1 22%; December— 6000, $1 19%.
Regular forenoon session — May — 4000 ctls,
$122%: 6000, $122%; 20,000 5-12::; 14.000; $1 23',i.
December— l4,ooo. $1 9%; 16,000, $1 I»%.
Afternoon session— May— ctls. $1 22%;
2000 $122%; 2000, $123. December— 2ooo, $1 1.-;,
6000. $1 li<%.  ... j
BARLEY— The market was dull at a slight ;
reduction in quotations.
Feed. $1 23 V" 1 27%; Brewing. $1 32%@t 40 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— -9:15 (/clock— No sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular forenoon— No sales.
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 28; j
OATS— Dealers report a fair business at the j
established quotations.
Fancy Feed, II 27M:*T1 30 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 22Vii??l 25: common, $1 17'-i«il 20; Sur- j
prise, '$1 35@1 42%: Gray, $1 20<i?l 22%; milling^ ,
$1 25@1 30 per Ctl; Red. $1 4091 47%; Black, $1 60 :
CORN— There Is very little doing and quo
tations are unchanged. ":* -'
Small round yellow. $115; Eastern large yel
low $102%®10S; white, $105; mixed, $10102%
per ctl; California White. }1 05(fil 07%.
RYE— and unchanged. California,
$1 20(gl 25; Eastern, $1 15®1 20 -»r ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— nominal, there being no ,
demand.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 3100 bbls Flour. j
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sack? are as fol- ■
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 IS per
100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $2 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $8 25@3 60; Buckwheat
Flour $4&4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina, •
$4. ,0; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 85«i6 25; in sacks, $6 680*05; Pearl j
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 !
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
All descriptions remain unchanged.
BRAN— sls<&l6 50' per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job- .
bing, $32it32 50; Cocoanut Cake, 124029; Cotton- ;
seed Meal, $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 SUO
24 50; Cracked Corn. $24025.
CALIFORNIA HAY- Wheat, $16©18 50 for
good to choice and $14015 60 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. $15017 50;
Oat. $14(^1560; Island Barley, $12 60918 50; Al
falfa. $10®ll; Stock, $lKal2; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)— .
Timothy. $13 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There are no further changes In anything. ,
Beans are in fair demand.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 9'j'«2; Small Whites. $20
2 16; Large Whites. $1 701/1 80; Pinks. $1 lO@2 06; j
Rede. $3 25: Blackeye. $3 50^3 75; Butters, $2® |
I 50; Limaa. $3 20% 3 27%: Pea, $2 10@2 25; Red
Kidneys $2 4099 B0 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard. $4 25; Flax. $2<«2 10; Canary Seed. 2M
@2?ic per lb; Alfalfa. 7>37%c: Rape, 2Vi®2%c;
Hemp. 2%&2 c; Timothy, B®a%C.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 254/3 40; Green, $160
®1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
New Potatoes are weak. Summer Squash Is
scarce and higher. Other descriptions are about
as before. Some Tomatoes are coming in
frozen.
POTATOES— 3O@4Sc for Early Rose and K9
55c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. 75c
&$1 05; Oregon. 80090 c; Sweet Potatoes, 50@7f>c
for nearby and $lf/)l 25 for Merced; New Pota
toes, 2@2%c per lb.
ONIONS— per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35®
'50c per ctl. • ■ .' ' • -, •
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. "2<fiZc: String
Beans, 2^3%; Lima Beans, 50c@$l per sack;
Bay Squash, 75c; Green Peppers, 25930 c; Cab
bage, 40960 c; Tomatoes, 35(Q:50c; Garlic. 4@sc
per lb: Green Okra, 25@50c per box; Cucumbers. |
35@60c: Dried Okra. 10c per lb: Egg Plant. 259 ;
50c per box; Marrowfat Squash. $3® 10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes, I
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, lC@18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet ■ Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1898.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Game sold off well at better prices.
Poultry was in ample supply. Turkeys
were lower and dull, being In overstock.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 16<Z217c: live
Turkeys. 13514 c for Gobblers and 13©14 c for
Hens: Geese, per pair. $1 3SOI SO; Goslings, $I^6
©■I 50; Ducks, $405 for old and $4@o 60 for
young; Hens, $4@6; Roosters, young. $4@5;
Roosters, old, $404 SO: Fryers. |4@4 60; Broilers
$3 50 for large, $333 25 for small; Pigeons. Wig
1 25 per dozen for old and $1 60®l 75 for squabs.
CAME— . ,
Quail, $1 50ig2: Mallard. $5@6: Canrasback,
$G«8; Sprig, S3®*; Teal, $21:2 50: Widgeon $2
@2"E0; Small Duck, $1 50©l 75; English Snipe.
$1 GO: Jack Snipe, $1: Gray Geese, $2 50; White
Geese, $l@l 25; Brant. »I@l 50; Honkers, $3;
Hare, ll&l 25; Rabbit 3, ?1 25@1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small. v: ~
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGG 3.
Butter is steady but no higher.
Eastern Eggs have again advanced. being
scarce. California Eggs are firm.
1 * T " P PT*T**T?.
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 21®23c; sec-
Dairy — Choice to fancy. 18©20o: common
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@2Oc; common
eradea ISsfITHO-
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 18@20c; pickled roll.
19(321c; creamery tub. nominal. „__, ■
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16He per
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10@llc: old. 8%&
9yc: Cream Cheddar, 10<S!llc; Young America.
10V4@ll%c; Eastern, 12@13c. !
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 87H©4S»*c per dozen; me
dium Egg*, 35e; Eastern, 20®350 for ordinary
and 27V5030c for fancy. "'/ > v > -
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The Orange growers estimate the coming crop
at 12,000 carloads. Firm but not fancy prices
are expected. The local market is but lightly
supplied with this fruit at the moment.
I'oclduous fruits show no change worthy of
I note.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries *2@3 por chest for large and
for small.
HiK-kleberrles, s<g6c per lb.
Quinces, nominal.
Persimmons, 60c In single and Tsc@U per box
I in double layers.
Pomegranates, sCg'7sc per small box.
Cranberries, |7<j?7 50 per barrel for Eastern
I and &m *5 per box for Coos Bay.
I Ordinary Grapes, 2. r .@uoc per box: crates sell
about 10c 'higher than boxes; Wine Grapes, J2o<g>
23 per ton for Zlnfandel and Jlo@lß for com
mon kinds.
Raspberries, »3 50@4 50 per chest.
Apples 35@60c for common, 7»@Boc per box
for No. 1 and Jl@l 25 for choice.
Pears r>OTisl 2S per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $3 60i3>4 per
I box- Sellings, $1 50: Lemons, $132 for common
•tr'd' 5- ■■■■;.'•:"" f»r tf"od to choice: Mexican
] Imes Jli-t 50; California Limes. 50cO$l per
Bmall 'box; Bananas, |1 GO®S per bunch; Plne
apples, $3@6 per dozen."
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Nuts are doing better under a good holiday
demand.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 64®7c for 40-50' s.
5@5%c for BO'S, 3?4®4c for 60-70' 3>4@34c for
70-SO's 2%@Zc for SO-90's, 2@2',ic for 90-100's
and lVic for 100-110' s; Sliver Prunes, 2'^(fsc;
Peaches, 6@7%c for good to choice, 7Vs<6iic for
fancy and 10&12>ic for peeled; Apricots. loyi
l»c for Royals and 12(3>126c for Moorpark;
Evaporated -Apples, 7%®7%c; sun dried, 10
4><,c- Black Figs, sacks. 2&2!£c; Plums, 4^(B'
6c for pitted and lglVjc for unpitted; Nec
tarines, 6®7c tor prime to fancy; Pears. 6@7c
lor quarters and B@9c for halves.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4\c for three
crown, o^ic for four-crown, S^i9*ViC for Seedless
Sultanas, 4%c for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 2i)
tor London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10@12%c per 1b; Walnuts,
6.f17c for hardshell. S©9c for softshell; Almonds.
6to7c for hardshell, 13c for softshell, 14®15c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and
4Vi<jisc for California; Cocoanuts $4 50@5.
HONEY — 10®llc for bright and SyDo
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6^!^
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5&5% c
per lb.
BEESWAX— per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
! The market rules dull at unchanged quota
' CURED MEATS— Bacon, Tie per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10^c
! lor extra light and l-'/i2' 2 c for sugar cured:
j Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10c: California
1 Hams 9<S'»y>e: Mess Beef, Jl' 'a 10 60 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, JU ■/ 11 50; Family Beef, $12®
12 CO: extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $l .r
IS 50; mess, $15 60916; Smoked Beef. ll«/L2c
per lb. ,
LARD— Eastern tierces, quoted at B'^c per lb
for compound and 6%67c for pure; palls, "Me;
California tierces 4%?|5c ~«r lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half barrels, 6;^c; 10-lb tins.
7»-4c; 5-lb tins. 7'4c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 5T4®6V4c; packages
' less than 3W lbs — 1-lb pails, GO in a case, a->. 8 c;
3-Ib pails. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 In a
case, SVic; 10-lb pails, 8 in a case, fc%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. "Tse; wooden buckets, 10
: lbs net, 8V»c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOP 3.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and/brands sell |
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, We; medium, S%c; light. 8c; Cow
hides, S@B«4c; Stags. »'•'■: Salted Kip. $%c; Calf.
B%c; dry Hides, sound, lie; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 154?25c each; short wool.
3 ■.!■.■ each: medium, Co@Soc; long wool, 90c@
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 7502 for large
and 75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides. dry,
$1 50 for large and Eoc@sl for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%c per lb; No. 2.
2*4 c: refined, 4%4H%c; Grease, 20.
WOOL clip. Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring Southern
Mountain. 12 months', S@llc: San Joaquin and j
Southern, 7 months', 8910 c; Foothill and!
Northern, free, 12914 c; Foothill and Northern, \
defective. K»Sl2c; Middle County. 13@16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 14@16e; Nevada. 10@lic;
Eastern Oregon. 10©12 c; Valley Oregon, 15017 c.
HOPS— IS9B crop, 13#17c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%© Cc; Wool Bags, 2S@2-Se; Sun j
Quentin Bags. $4 85; Fruit Bags. sc, 5%c and
Mic for the three grades of white and 7@Sc for
brown.
COAL— Some changes will be seen. Welling
ton, $8 per ton; New Wellington, $8; Southlield
Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos I
Bay, $6; Wallaend, $7 50; Scotch, $8; Cumber- !
land, $S 50 in bulk and $10 In sacks; Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $S 60 per
ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate. %1 60; Coke, !
V- per ton in bulk and $11 In sacks.
Harrison's circular says:
".During the week there have been four de- !
liveries of coal from Washington with 11.950 |
tons, two from British Columbia, 6548 tons;
total, 18,496 tons. No cargo this week from
Great Britain or Australia, although there are
several overdue, ami the total arrivals this
week are considerably less than the quantity !
consumed. Very few vessels have been added
to our coal-loading list from foreign ports for
the past thirty days, and but lew will be
add) tor the next month if we do not have
a seasonable rainfall in the Intervening time.
Already coal charter rates have been advanced
from Great Britain, caused by the absence of
I local rains, although it is certainly very early
| yet to feel at all alarmed. In November any
changes in the f. <>. b. prices of Australian
coal for the ensuing year are always declared.
•So far the schedule has not been finally named
for 1899, although it nTgenerally conceded the
price for Wallsend will be 8 shillings per ton.
This has been the banner year for the northern
collieries, as they have had the fuel market
under their absolute control. The quantity of
I competing foreign fuel has not been sufficient
to disturb any prices they might establish.
"From Swansea and Australia there are
about 21,000 tons of coal to arrive In the noxt
thirty days, which is less than 'one week's
actual consumption; the deficit must be de
livered from the coast collieries. So far there
has been no intimation that any change of
values will be made In fuel for domestic uses
RlCE— China mixed, $4 of>if?-4 10: China No. 1,
$4 70@6 10; extra do, $5 25<55 &0; Hawaiian,
*:. s;i '.Ml; Japan, $."■ SO^G 40; Louisiana, $5 600
C iV> . - . ■
SUGAR The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube crushed
nnd Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered. C%c; Candy
1 Granulated. 5%c: Dry Granulated. .We: Confec
tioners' A 5%c: California A, 5V4c; Magnolia A,
5%c- Extra C. s<-: Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels,
VtC more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent- __
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There le no further change in any descrlp-
> Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6^c: choice, 7c; second
quality. u%96c; third quality, 4@sc.
VEAL— Large, 5%Q6%c; small, 6%@7%c
per lh.
MUTTON— 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%@7c
LAMB -T'-'iSr per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%@4c for large, 4Vif?4%c
for medium and 3y£f3%c fnr small; stock Hogs.
2%@3c; dressed Hogs, 6%®6%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. November 11.
Flour, qr sk3 ... 4.9«o]Hides, no 7S
Wheat, ctls 1.20H Pelts, bdls 3S
Barley, ctls 620 Sugar, sks r>oo
Cheese, ctls 43 Krrs, doz 6,000
Butter, ctls 12P Quicksilver, risks 10?
Tallow, ctl3 * Leather, rolls ... \u
Beans, sks 2.51!' Lumber, ft 20,000
Potatoes, sks ... 6.435 Lime, bbls IS>
Onions, sks 1.066 Wine, gals 86,300
Middlings, sks .. 160 Brandy, gals 2.G7F,
Hay, tons 217' Raisins. bxs 1,460
Wool, bales 37S
FAMILY RF.TAIL MARKET.
Butter Is cheaper again. Cheese Is rather
dearer. Egt;s are unchanged.
■ show the few sllgrht changes
usual at this time .of the year.
Poultry has been coming In frerly. and the
market is therefore abundantly supplied. Game
is rather cheaper.
Fruits arc getting scarce, and several kinds
are dropped from the list.
Following la The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton — i
Cannel $ @12 00' Castle Gate.. s9 60® - —
Wellington . @10 OOjSouthfield • •
New Welling- I Wellington &9 50
ton @10 00.Coos Bay ii 1 00
Seattle . S 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.— „-,«»
Butter, fancy, per : Cheese. Swiss 205?25
square 45@50 ! Common Eggs...3oig3s
Do, per roll 4n@4sKan.-ii Eggs, per
Do, good 87%©— [ dozen 40@45
Pickled 3S#4O Honey Comb, per »
Firkin, per 1b. .—^2.1i • lb 12015
Cheese. Cal 12@15i Do, extracted...— &lQ
Cheese, Eastern. ..liig.— l
Meats, per lb.—
Bacon 12(317 Pork, fresh @12
Beef, choice — @12 Pork, salt 1C4i)12
Do. good 8010 Pork, chops — @12
Corned Beef — @ 8 Round Stake 10©— i
Ham. Cal 12%«i>15 Sirloin Stake.... 12'-.,®—
Do. Eastern — @15 Porterhouse, d0...17i&"20
Lard ISOIS I Smoked Beef 12@15
Mutton -HOIO Pork Sausages.... -^©2o
Spring Lamb 12@— Veal : 10015
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each.... 50® 65 Hare, each.... vi 20
Young Roost- Quail, pr doz.2 00®2 25
ers. each .... 50® 75 Mallard, pair.l 25@1 50
Old Roosters, Sprig, pr pair. 75(<i 100
each 40i5 60 Teal, pr pair. 4<Kj> 60
Fryers, each.. 60131 — Widgeon, pair 50'^ — ;
Broilers, each — & 40iSmall Duck .. 40<j|> — i
Turkeys, pr ib 1S« 20] Wild Geese, pr
Ducks, each... 50» 76| pair BO® 75
Geese, each . . . 1 00(& 125 English Snipe,
Pigeons, pair.. 250 SO per doz ....2 00Q2 50
Rabbits, pair. Q 40, Jack Snipe.... 1 50® —
Fruits and Nuts—
Almonds, lb 10@12 Oranges, doz 25@40
Apples, lb i@ «' Pears, per lb i<d> 6
Bananas, doz 15020 1 Plums, lb 4'n » ;
Cranberries, per > Quinces, per 1b... 6@ 8
quart iO@l2|Hiispberries. per
Figs, per lb 10@12l drawer 30@40
Grapes, per 1b.... iff Raising, lb £>(tplO i
Huckleberries, p*r (strawberries, per
lb 6iJflO drawer 25@50
Lemons, doz......2o@— | Walnuts, lb 12@13
Limes, doz..:. lO'tflol
Vegetables— - .
Artichokes, d0z. .40(360! Mushrooms, lb....— @—
Beets, doz 12«*15 1 Onions, lb Of 5
Beans, white, lb.. 4@ 5 i Peppers, green 4® 6
Colored, lb 40 5 1 Potatoes, lb if* 3
Lima, lb s@— I Do Sweet W 4
Cabbage, each 6©lo Parsnips, doz ISrySO
Cauliflowers, each 6010 Radishes, dz bchsio@l2
Celery, bunch B®— Base, doz bnchs..23@3s
Cress, doz bnchs..2o#2s String Beans, lb.. i® 3
Cucumbers, doz... 15020 Summer Squash.
Egg Plant, per lb Mf 6 per lb 4@ 5
Green Okra. 1b.... 6W 8 1 Thyme, lb 20©30
Green Peas, lb-.-B 1 ?? — j Turnips, doz 15020
Lentils, lb 'S<n SI Tomatoes, lb 3® 4
Lettuce, doz U@25 1
Fish, per lb.— 4 „•"_',:
Barracuda .'. 5010 Shrimps 8<g)10
Carp 6if? 6 Shad — WlO
Codfish B®lo Sea Bass B@lo
Flounders "■■' 6 Smelts 10<u;l2
Herring 8if?10 Soles S^-10
Halibut — <-« 12 \ Skates, each s@K>
KiiiKlish SMlOlTomcod —iild
Mackerel — — iClams, gal —©50
Do, Horse — ©— IDo, hardshell. 100 40<?/ 50 j
Perch <>abs. each 10(S15 :
Pompano ....'..... 80@75 Do, softshell, d0z.25®35 !
Rockflsh — OlOiMussels. 'it 10®12 i
Salmon smoked.. 2o*9 — « Oysters, Cal. 100. .409 —
Salmon, fresh.... 12^— ]Do. Eastern, d0z.23<g43
Sturgeon 12@'15
MINING STOCKS.
With one or two exceptions the market for
mining stocks was easier.
The Chollar assessment falls delinquent in
board to-day. In local securities Hawaiian
Commercial was lower and liana Plantation
firmer. Hutchlnson advanced to $66.
Following were the Bales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 051200 Gould & Curry.., 22
100 Belcher 24 200 Ophlr 75
300 Best & Belcher. 32 300 Overman - 05
200 31 300 Potosi 20
EOO Chollar 19 200 Savage 22
100 Con Cal & Va...l 351300 Sec Belcher .... 04
100 140 200 Sierra Nevada... 83
100 Confidence 60 1 50 Union Con .■ > 30
200 Crown Point ... 13'1GO Yellow Jacket... 23
Afternoon Pension.
100 Andes 11 2"0 Kentuck 10
lfiO Belcher 24,100 Mexican 23
600 Best & Belcher. 32 600 22
ECO Bullion 03 1 100 Occidental 4$
! 100 Caledonia 30 100 Ophlr 76
1 S"0 Chollar 19 100 77
200 IS • 100 Savage 23
2, ,0 Con Cal & Va...l 43-100 22
ISO Crown Point ... 12 500 Peg Belcher — 04
100 Gould & Curry.. 21 K;0 Sierra Nevada... 90
200 Hale ft Norers. '■•'■ S6O Yellow Jacket... 23
100 Justice M
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlnsr Hussion.
EOO Andes 11,1000 24
SCO Belcher 24 230 Ophlr 76
1200 Best & Belchr. 82 2COV.T 79
MO 21 1100 Potosl 20
200 33 Mb 19
200 Caledonia 30 400 21
3fX> Chollar 20 300 Savage 24
2200 Con Cal & Va..l 40 100 Sierra Nevada... 86
400 1 1 42 1 - 200 86
300 1 46 150 88
200 l 474. : l-" ' »0
; 7iX) Crown Point ... 11 j 1700 Union Con 30
i 2100 Gould & Curry 22 200 32
'300 231500 Utah 07
1000 Julia 01 700 Yellow Jacket... 23
500 Justice 17 200 -22
««) Mexican 221
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 24.200 Kentuck 10
200 23 1000 Mexican 23
200 Best & Belcher. 31 800 Ophir 77
300 32 500 76
1200 Caledonia 31100 75
400 Chollar 20 300 Overman OS
400 19 200 Potosl 20
660 Con Cal & Va.l 47-.. 1200 Savage 23
300 1 45 200 Sierra Nevada... *'.<
200 I 42% 200 87
100 1 401600 Union Con 31
900 Crown Point ... 12 1000 Utah 08
700 Justice 17 800 09
500 16 400 Yellow Jacket... 23
600 19 700 24
300 20
f CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Nov 11 — t p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Hale & Norcrs. 95 100 Julia — 02
' Alpha — 05 1 Justice 20 21
i Alta 06 07lK<?ntuck 03 10
Andes 10 U Lady Wash .... — 02
Belcher 22 23 Mexican 21 23
Benton — 07 \ Occidental 47 —
Best & Belcher 30 32jOphlr 76 77
I Bullion 07 08 (Overman ....... 05 06
Caledonia 31 82 Potosi 13 20
Chollar 18 20 (Savage 22 23
; Challenge Con. 18 20 Scorpion 03 — ,
Confidence 55 — Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con <al & Vail 40 1 4r> Sierra Nevada. 88 89
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Silver Hill — os
I Crown Point .. 12 13 Syndicate — 03 ■
Con New York. "i — Standard 180 --
Eureka Con ... 32 35 Union Con 29 31
Exchequer — 04 1 Utah 03 10
Gould & Curry. 21 £2 Yellow Jacket. 22 24
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Nov. 11.
Morning Sessfon.
10 Giant Powder Con 59 00
50 liana Plantation Co \J7 S7»£
225 do do IS 00
393 do do IS 12' 2
5 Market-street Railway 54 S7V4
$3000 N P C R It 6s Bonds 108 00
1458 F Gas & Electric Co 86 50
10 Spring Valley Water 104 00
BO Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.:.... 59 62',fc
185 do do 5'J 50
60 do do 59 37H
100 do do 69 25
50 do do 59 10
85 do do • 58 75 \
275 do do 58 57,4
$3000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 119 00.
$2000 S I' of A Bonds 108 50
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers" Association .... 104 00
10 California Sale Deposit 98 50
5 Giant Powder Con ■-. 69 ■"
10 Hana Plantation Co 18.25
510 do do 18 13%
10 Hntchlnson S P Co 65 00
50 do do 66 00
50 Nevada National Bank,, 8 30 176 00
60 do do 176 25
" 50 9 P Gas <fc Electric Co 86 75
163 do do •' 86 87%
55 do do B7 00
410 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 75
$1000 Market-street ity Con Bonds 5s 115 50
85 Oceanic Steamship C 0... 62 £>
8 Spring Valley Water 10100
$2000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 50
$1000 Spring Valley Ca Bonds 119 00
100 Vigorit Powder •• 300
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning- Session.
75 Central Light & Power 9 12Vi
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 87Vi
20 Oceanic Steamship-Co : 62 00
■• Street—
25 Central Light & Power 9 1214
Afternoon Session.
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 58 50
25 do do 58 021-i
50 do do 68 75
20 Market-street Railway 55 00
30 Spring Valley Water 101 12Mt
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Louise Swain to Anne M. Sompton, lot on S
line of Post street. 55 VV of Polk. S 120 by W
SO; also lot on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue.
240 N of C street. X 240, W 240, N 120, IS 120. N
120 E 120; also lot bounded on theN by Marlposa
street, E by "Vermont, S by Solano and W by
Barclay and Masons fence, E by portion of
Potrero Nuevo block 104, and all that portion
of said block In J. W. Farrington claim; $1.
"William and Jeanette Wolf to Edward Wolf,
lot on W line of Cough street, 100 N of Ellis,
N 37:G by W 90: $10. ■ i
Mary F. Dudley and Kate "W. Kirk (execu
trlces of. estate of Elizabeth M. Stevenson) to
Balthaser Schafcr, Kit on W line of Octavla
street. 125 N of Vallejo, N 23 (by W 125; $2310.
nalthaaer and Katherlne Schafer to Kather
ine Schneider, same; $2310.
■1... M. ami Eveline S. "^rse to Edward P.
Heald, lot on S line of Grove street, 100 W of
Baker. W 50, S 112:6, W 109:4%, S 25. E 159MV4.
N 137:G: $6000.
Josephine Winter ' to William Price, lot on
NW corner of Jessie and Twenty-first streets,
W 37 by N 85; $6000. -.: .
James B. Johnson (by O. H. Umbßen, com
miasioner) to Christian H. Volght. lot on E
line of Capp street, 245 S of Twenty-third, a
37:6 by E 122 :G; 15945. . *
Timothy Connuhaii to Ellen Connahan, lot on
W line of Dupont street, 175 S of Francisco. S
25 by W SO; gift. , . __
Louise Kopp (wife) to Charles Kopp. lot on
N line of Lewis place, 177:6 \V of Taylor street,
also 80 N of Post, W 40 by N 57:6; gift.
Elizabeth Lamburtji to Casslus E. Lamburti n,
lot on NE corher of Sierra and Louisiana
streets, E 50 by N 100; gift.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Charles O. Am
yott, ra-record of 1796 d 110. lot on W line or
Sixteenth avenue. 200 N of I street, N 25 by
Jacob arid Lina Heyman to Jennie Sounders
fwife of John D. Saunders). lot <>n W line of
Forty-sixrti avenue, 350 S of I street, b & oy
W 120; $10. , .
Mary A. Mertes to Samuel B. Mertes, lot on
W line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 250 b or v
street, S 50 by W 120; $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to John W. Jones,
lot 560, grift map 1; $10.
Alameda County.
Colombo It&ffa to Rosa Raffa, lot on NE[cor
ner of Twelfth and Campbell streets, £. 3o by
N 110, block 726, Oakland; $10. „♦«„,«,,
J. T. and Nannie Latimer to R. H. Latimer
(trustee for R. J., F.vnnie B. and Nannie Lati
nier), lot on N line of Ninth street, S3 W or
Chester, W 30 by N 85, Oakland; grant.
Poolo, M. E. and C. Gavello to Herman Lut
gen. lot on S line of West Thirteenth street.
136 E of Center. E 22 by S 110, Oakland (quit
claim deed); $5. __.
Blanche K. and G. E. Van Haltren to Wil
liam O'Brien, lot 18, block 523, Gibbons prop
erty, map 1. Oakland; $2SOO.
Patrick D. Hogan to J. M. and Laura M-
Brown, lot on SK line of Webster street. 100
\V of Oak avenue, SW 25 by SE 125, being a
portion of Glen Echo Tract, map 2, Oakland
Annex; and Anna P. Lenox to John F. Crow,
E. H. and Anna P. Lenox to John F. Cross.
lot on 8 line of Duncan street, distant St. 109
from E line of county road. No. 724, Brooklyn
to Moraga Valley, thence SE 75, S 100. W To,
N 100 to beginning, portion of Cameron Tract,
East Oakland; $10.
Edward and Louisa McCormack to Dennis
Healey. lot on NW corner of East Ninth street
and Park way. N 30 by W 60, being lot 20,
block 11, Badgers' subdivided block 11. Clin
ton, East Oakland; $10. _
11. B. and Luna Griffith to W. A. L.
Knowles, lot on S line of Charming way, 250 vv
of Fulton street, W 50 by S 150, block 3, Col
lege Homestead, Berkeley; $10.
M W. Cargeant to Joseph Lancaster, lot .*>.
Searles Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Maria B. Gamble to E. G. Bishop, lot on iv
line of Court street. 41:4 N from point of inter
section of E Court street with S line* of lot
15, block 82, town of Alameda, said point be
ing distant 134:111-2 N from N Monroe street.
N 41:4, E 100. S 41:4, W 100 to beginning. Ala
meda; $1000. :-: i.- r . _ TT
Joseph and Elizabeth Lancaster to D. U.
Stanaee, lot on N line of Encinal avenue, 200
W of Walnut street, "vV 50 by N 140. except the I
S 10 feet taken for widening Encinal avenue, :
being lot 5 in E half Of block E. lands adja
cent to Encinal, Alameda; $10. ' _■ '
William A. and Mary J. Knowles to H. a.
Griffith, lot on SW corner of Santa Clara and
Versailles avenues. W 141 by S 46, '-"in^ nt 9, !
Hays and CapertoD property. AJamada; Si".
Amy M S. Beck to Frank '■■"■ h lot '_• N
line of Twenty-second street. 97.84 W of Teli- .
graph avenue, N 129.37 by W 58.58. being por
tion of Tuttle Tract. Oakland; $5500. ;
Julia M. Coleman to Jessie C. Knowles, lot
on NE corner of Eighth and Brush streets. E
75 by N 100, block 94, Oakland; gift.
Agnes G. and C. J. Sharp to R. P. M. Gree
ley. lot beginning at a point 400 E of Grove
street, and 130 B of Thirty-second street. S 10
by W 25, being portion n lot 156, block 20»6,
Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10. ....
J. H. and Anna Flege to Ernest S. Angel, lot
on SW line of Oak avenue. 245 SE of Webster
Street, SW 140, SE 68, NE *,2. and NE to SW
line of Oak avenue, NW 49.50 to beginning, be
ing lot IS, map of subdivision lots 2. 3. 4 and 42,
Glen Echo Tract, Map 2. Oakland Annex; $10.
Kitty Brusso to Ida Lawlor (wife of T.). un
divided one-eighth Interest in lots 27, 23 and 35,
Broadway Tract. Oakland Annex: gift.
Claire Galey and Blanche Periguey to Clem
ence Rlguad. lot 22. block J. Paradise Park,
Oakland Annex; $10. -
Hannah M. Chrystal to John A. Sanborn, the
XV 26 feet of subdivisions 7 to 10 of lot 6,
block 16, Daley's Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley;
no
Harriet B. Ellsworth to Theodore S. Wram
pelmeier, lot 1. Ellsworth Tract, Berkeley; $750.
Frank W. Dixon to K. P. and Hanna A. Carl
son, the S half of lot 3, block 2, Central Park
Tract, Berkeley: $423.
Robert R. and Jean E. Rutherford to Min
erva J. Sweeney (wife of G. W.). lot on N line
of Harmon street. 120 W of Baker. W 187.94. N
43.. ,0, E 189, 563 to beginning, block A, Her
zojr Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Charles Babb to C. Wemmer. lot li. block 4.
Paradise Park. Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $5.
Ida M. McClellan to Melonco yon Ah (wife
of P.), lots i and 4. block A, Hemphill Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $350.
Samuel L. and Harry Good et al. to Henrietta
Gnod, lot 11. block B, Revised Map Oak Tree
Farm Tract. Brooklyn Township: gift.
Albert and Annie Deblcke to Fred Hartung.
lot on SE corner of Pacific avenue and Pros
pect Street, E BS:7*i by S 150, being lots 11 and
12, block B. map of property of E. B. Mas
tick. Alameda: JIM.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and I>>w
Waters at Port Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE!— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes lator than at Fort Point;
the heipht of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12.
Un rises , *>:*.>
un sets 5:00
loon rises 5:14 a. m.
1 1 Time I
! Feet.'
|L. W
I 3:00 l 2.5
I 3:42 2.8
I' W
I 0:10 3.9
, 1:05 3.9
i 2:01 4.1
r 2:57 4.4
i 3:52 4.6
i 8:12
I &:51
L, W
i 4:25
i 5:11
, 6:04
, 7:07
I 8:17
H \V
6.7 4:13
5.8; 4:58 -
H w
2.9 10:30
3.1 11:15
3.2 12:fHj
3.3 12:66
3.4 2:00
L W
0.3 l 11:15
—0.21
!• W
6.0, 5:45
6.9 6:35
8.9 7:23
6.6 8:19j
5.3 9>l4|
|H W
1-0.7
—1.1
—1.0
—0.9
I —0.5
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are piven in the left
hand column and the siii cessive tides of the
day in the order of occurr'*n<'e as to time. The
Bee md time column plves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
5 ,,, i the List or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
thi>-«' tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
"'tilted States Coast Survey charts, except
wtit-n a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number jrlven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
r. » rence is the nif-nn of th<> k>WW low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydro ß raphic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.. No
vember 11, ÜB9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Fnpipn (retired), I. P. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Dpl Norte Crescent City [Nov. 1.1
Empire Coos Bay I Nov. 13
Columbia iPorUand : iNov. n
Corona Kan Diego iNov. 13
Umatilla Victoria & Puget SoundlNov. i:S
Tltanla Npnaimo !Nov. 13
Mackinaw iTaooma iNov. 13
Pomona ]Humboldt Nov. 13
lii i^ t • >i Departure Bay Nov. 13
Alliance Orejji.n Ports Nov. 14
Fulton Portland INov. 14
Signal Williipa Harbor |Nov. 14.
C. Nelson Tacoma Now. IS
Orlsaba Newport Nov. 15
Leelanaw Seattle ..' I Nov. 15
South Portland. Portland iNov. 15
St it.- California Portland Nov. IS
Moana 'Sydney Nov. 16
Mineola Tacoma iNov. Hi
("nilkat iHurr.boldt [Nov. Ifi
Homer Cooa Hay Nov. 1«
Ell Thompson.. (Seattle Nov. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego N0v.17
Arcr.tfi [Coos Bay |N0v.17
North Fork jHumboldt I. {Nov. IT
ShaiitunK China and Japan JNuv. 17
City of Sydney. Panama Nov. 18
Queen Victoria & Puget SoundiNov. i->
Geo. W. Elder.. I Portland Nov. 19
Coos Bay Newport INov. 19
STEAMERS TO SAIL,.
Steamer. ! Destination. Sails. Pier.
Art-ata ; Coos Bay |N0v.12, 12 m Pier 13
(i. W. EklfTj Portland iNov.l2, 10 am | Pier 24
Walla Wall Vie .* PKt Sd.jNov. 12. 10 am|Pier »
Chilkat |Huml)oldt Nov. 12. 2pni|Pierl3
Coos Ray...l Newport Nov. 13. a ami Pier 11
Cleveland ..IFuget Sound. .|Nov.l4. 9 amiPler 8
Aztec |< •hinaA Japan jNov. 15. 1 pm|PM3B
Columbia ..jPortland i Nov. 15. 10 am|Pier 24
Ban l>le*o Nov. IS, n ami Pier 11
Pomona Humlioldt Nov. 15, 2 pmlPier 9
Australia .. Honolulu Nov. 16, 2 pm Pier 7
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. Nov. 16, 10 antiPler IB
Orizaba ....[Newport Nov. 17. !> ami Pier 11
Umatilfa ..vie <v Pert Sd. N0v.17, 10 am (Pier ;•
State of Cal 1 Portland Nov. 18, ID am Pier 24
Curacao ...[Mexico Nov. IS, 10 anvj}j*r 11
Colon 'Panama Nov. 18, 12 mjPMSS
Belßlc 'I'hlna&JapanlNov. li>, 1 pmIPMSS
Santa KosniSan T>iPgo jN'ov. 10. 11 amlPler 11
Steamer.
Destinati.m.
Sails.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
tree of expanse.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sall
'.nn directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regardlns
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
shout ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by teleptraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Knslgn (retired). U. 3. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday November 11.
Stmr Bamoa. Jahnsen 24 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Coos Bay, Glelow, 76 hours from New
port and way ports.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, 2 days from Eureka.
CLEAR?: D.
Friday, November 11.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goqdall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Kureka; Charles
Iselson.
Stmr George W Elder, Hinkle, Astoria; O R
& N Co.
BAILED.
Friday, November 11-
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Homer. Jessen, Coos Bay.
Stmr Watfhtenaw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Westport, Peterson.
Stmr Navarro, Walvip. Yaqulna Bay.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing. Fort Bragg.
Bark Harry Morse. Fullertun. Nanalmo.
Schr La Chilena. Matsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Bihlya Point.
Schr Lily, Bottster. Umpqua. I
TKLEGRAPHIC. /
POINT LOBOy. Nov 11— lo p. m.— Weather,
clear; wind, NW; velocity, 6 miles.
SPOKEN.
No date— Lat 11 17 S. long 3n 40 W, ship James
Drummond, from Philadelphia, for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr G Loomls,
hence Nov 10.
COOS BAY— Arrived Nov 11— Tug Hercules,
hence Nov 9. .mm.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 11— Schr
Mary Etta, hence Nov 9.
EUREKA — Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Pomona,
hence Nov 10.
Sailed Nov 11— Schr Fortuna, for San Fran-
Cisco
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 11— Stm State of Cal
ifornia, hence Nov &; Br ship Australian, hence
Salied Nov 11— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco; Br bark Gulf Stream, for Queenstown;
Br ship Wlscombe, for Queenstown.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Nov 11 — Stmr Co
quille River, hence Nov 10.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 11— Bktn Eureka, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Nov 11— Chll bark
India, for Valparaiso; Ital bark Cavour, for
Shanghai. _
VENTURA— PaIIed Nov 11— Btmr G Loomls,
for San Francisco.
BOWKNK LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 10— Schr
Bender Brothers, hence Nov 6.
NEAH BAY— Arrived Nov 11— Bktn John
Smith, from Tientsin, for Port Townsend.
Passed Nnv 11— Br stmr Wellington, hence
Nov S. for Nanalmo.
SEATTLE- Arrived Nov 10— Stmr Excelsior,
from COOfca Inlet; stmr Charles Nelson, hence
Nov 6.
Salied Nov 10 — Stmr Rival, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Nov 11— Stmr Mtneola.
hence Nov 8. for Tacoma.
PORT TOWN" SEND— Passed Nov 10— Schr F
S Redneld. from San Pedro, for Tacoma.
Passed in Nov 11— Br bark Heathfield, from
Shanghai: Br ship Garsdale, hence Oct 29.
I ',( Kla BAY — Barbound Nov 11 — Stmr Em
pire.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Nov 11— Bchr
Oceania Vance, from Eureka.
I'oKT PlßlE— Sailed Nov 10— Bktn Newsboy.
fr^ni Newcastlie, NSW to load for San Fran
dmco.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Nov 10— Bark Undaunted,
for San Francisco.
LIMERICK— Arrived Nov 10— Br ship Socotra
■ egon.
DEPARTURE BAY— Arrived Nov 10— Ship
Oi lental, henoe Oct 27.
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 11— Schr King Cyrus,
from Tacoma.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Iw Steamers leave Broadway
ligjfcj-^ wharf. San Francisco:
1 fiS"????^ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
i l^ J *w£? ! S Nov. 2, 7, 12. 17. 22, 27. Dec. i.
S? E^s\^\ transfer at Seattle.
I ■FS^ii^ V.VI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
i H K<Jf*i^i C ) Port Townsend, Seattle,
lr**^Sg,«iA\ Tacoma. Everett, *Anacortes
• New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
m.. Nov. 2. 7, 12, 17. 22. 27,
Dec 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
R For a Eu V r mbol CC P Bay R2R 2 p. m.. No .
5. 10 15. 20, 25. 30. Dec. 5. and every fifth day
th For af s e a nta Cruz. Monterey. San Slrnson.
Cav°ucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gav"ota? Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 0 a. m.. Nov. 1, 5 9, 13. 17. 21. za. 29.
Dec 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Kar-
ford (San Luis Obis-po). Santa Barbara. Port
every fourth day thereafter. -
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mcx), 10 a. m., 18th of every
m h further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
afIOKKTa flOKKT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). -i^ -■-.-'
GOODALL. FERKtNS & CO.. Gen.^s..^ ,
10 Market ft.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Includine ßerths
rMnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3. 12. 21. 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6, 15, 24, Dec. 1.
State of California pails N0v. ,9, IS, 27, Dec. 6.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butts,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
• K. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market ■treat.
GOODALU PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique.
r ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday ■^FffTJS
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, North «"«* ;
River, loot of -Morton street.
LA CHAMPAGNE ....Nov. 13
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 26
I. A TOURAINE .....Dee. 3
LA GASCOGNE ...Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
First-class to Havre $30 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre, 145, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. I Bowling Green, New York '
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
fHGHIIBS3.fi The S. S. MOANA
fl«Bi6fllfc ?iUls via Honolulu and
£Bb ** a * Auckland for Sydney
8 —^v Wednesday, November
rSn&fflSnD cJ Line to COOLGAR-
DIE - Australia and
(OHlp)It«p CAPE TOWN. South
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
SAY AiJD HIVES STEAMEBS.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
Daily at 10 a. m. From San Jose dally at 3:30
p. m. Steamer Alvlso, Clay-street wharf. Fare
to San Jose, 35c: round trip, 60c. Delightful
bay excursions. Telephone Main 1350.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
-'-'■• i'Kji Steamer "Monticello." /•':
Mob., Tuea.. Wed.. Thurs. and 5at....,.,...,,
9:45 a. m., 3:16 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thtu«-I
Fridays... 1 p. m. and 3:33 p. nv
Sundays 10:30 a.> m. and lp.n>
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Fl«r •>
T>Uphon» Red M4l.
R A IX ROAD TBAVEQ.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
„ Via Satuwlito Ferry.
FROM SAN FKAWCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, »3:30, 11:00 a. m.; 'IM,
3:45, 5:15. •6.00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays- and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
• SUNDAYS— »S:OO, »10:00. »ll:30 a. m. ; »1:15.
3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN- FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. •6:33, 7:45, »3:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20. •3:45, 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, »10:00. •11:55 a. m.:
•1:15, '3:10. 4:40, «6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:43, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.
12:35, 2:45. 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.: 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a m. week days— Cnzadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way sta s.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RA!LwS.~
/ iv ia" BausaUtO Ferry.)
Leave s/n Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11.1898:
Week pays— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 8:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1-
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
■treet. San Francisco. " .
.--.--■
BAILBOAD TEAVSL J
— __^— r y
HOI TIUIIN PACIFIC COHMHT. vi
\ (TACIFIU MYSTItM.)
Tr ■>!■>> !*»»*• nit. l i»i-«* .luv •« nrrlf* at
NAN KKASi<:i««;<». I
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
save — From Nov. 3, 1898. — AKRIT»
•6:OOa Nile*. Sail Jose and Way Stations... *5^ : »a
7:OOa. Benicia, Huiguu anil Sacramento lO:4^a
?:OOa MarysTille, Oro»ille»iid Redding Tla ■.
WootUand 5:-l»r^
7:O«\ Klmira, Vncayille and Rumsey Hi4Sr •
7iS«a Martinet. SauKamon, Vallejo, Napa. _ _
f»lUt..gaan.lSaiir»i Roaa 6:!.Tr
8:00 a Atlantic Kxprefs, ( >K<le" and Kant.. BU3p
HiUUa San .liau, Htncktmi. Valley Spring,
lone. Sacriiinriito. Mm>i»Tillo,
Chico, Tehama anil lte<l l«l"ir 4ils|.
«: SO a Stockton, Oakd»le and Jamestown. . 7: 1 5 r
•»:»Oa MilMin "7*l»*
SiOOA Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Meioed
and Fresno 18:ln*
0:VOa Frmno, Uakersli«tl<l, Santa Uarhara,
Los Angeles, Deraing, £1 Paso,
Now Orleans and Kast 6: Mr
. . Fresno, Menilota, Tracy and Mar-
tiDez • «:lsp
10:00* Vallfj". Martinez and Way Stations 7j-I.li.
•liOOr Sacramento Klter Steitni<rr« •«.-(»«,-
l:O«p dan Jose and Way .Stations... 11:1.1 a
.... San Jose. Nile* ami Way Stations... 1«: I
S:9Or Mile* Tracy, Mendota, llnnfurd and
Vinftlla 4sl5 P
LlTermore, San Jose. Niles and W»y
Stations 110:15 a
4iOUp Martinet, Han Itainou, Yalleji),
N»|>a, «'iili»t()«H, Xl Verano and
SanUKonii »ill>»
4tttOr Benicia. VacaTllle. Woodland.
Kiiit;lit» l.aii.li!isr. MarjsTllle, Oru-
»ille and .Sacraiuaiito ll»:43*
4i3or Hay wards, Nlles and San Jose 7:43 a
SsOOr Martinez, Tracy, MendoU, Fresno.
Mnj.ive, Santa Itarbara and l.us
Aiik«l«-« »i4I» a
SiOUF HauU We Koute, Atlantic ICxpress
for M..jiiv« and Knit 6:43
"Pacific Coast Limited," El Paso,
Fort Worth, Liitle Rock, St.
Louis. Chicago aud East {6:1.1?
B:SopNiles, San Jo«e, Tracy, I.atlirop.
Merced and Fresno
5:30p Stockton l*il^p
Oioor Kur<n>eitn Mail. <)g<len and Katt.... 9:43
•«:O»r Vallojo l»2l»p
)7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa, and Way SU-
Uods :9:43r W
8:OOp Oregon ICx|>rrSB,Hacraniento, Marys- "
Tille. Redding. Portland. Pnget
Sou nil and Kast Bil3\
SAN J,KAM)HO AMI lUYWAUUS LOCAL.
(root of Market Street.)
/ 1 Jlelrosc, Seminary Park, f
v 5 :2 »'ltchlinrit. Klinlmrst. ..S *iJ*
ill\%% XXK K I-*«n<lro, KHliillllo, JS : .|si
iiioop  »nll ja:<sp
IS:OOp llajftrardw. 1314.1?
7:00p < Runs through to Nile*. ' 7ii3p
I J t From Nlles I
I COAST IHVInION (Narrow tiaore). '
j (Foot ot Market Street.)
8:19 a Newark. Centerrllle, San Joae.Feltoo,
' Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations si3«r
•SilSr Newark. CenterTille, Ban Jose, New
Almaden. Felton. Koalder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «1O:.1O*
4:lSp Newark, San Jose and Los Gatoa.. . »:2O\
tl 1«45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations 17:20* •
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SI HUSCISCO— Teat of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:0Oa.M. 11:03 *8:0! t3:93
•4:00 $5:09 •6:ooi'.li.
from OilUllD— Foot »f Broadwtj.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 i.m,
tl2:00 •1:00 t2:00 -3:00 Jt:0O "8:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
7iooa San Jose an.l Way Stations (New
• Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30*
9:OOa Han Joae. Tres Piiios. SauU Cruz,
Pacilic <iroie, Paso l'obles, San
— I. ills Oliispo, Guadalupe, Surf and i law
Principal Way SUtiuu* 4il9i«
I «:lO* Sun .lone and Way Stations •8:OOi ~
11:30* Ban Jose and Way Stations 8i33«
*2i'fSrSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Joss,
• Oilroy, Holliater, Santa Cruz,
""' Salinas, Monterey aud Pacific
Oro»e i M»:»«j
•»:3»p San Jose and Way Stations »W:iio.«
•4:13 - San Jose ami Principal Way Stations »:1.1.i
*3>OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:;i3i
3:SOp Han .Toga anil Principal Way Stations S:S01
0:: tOr San Jose aud Way Stations 7-.3« i
f11;45p San Joee aiid Way Stations 7taoi
A for Mori. P for Afternoon.
• !*mi<lays excepted. % Sundays only. < Saturdays only
and Thursdays. {Satnrdayi and Wednesdays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE }
*AH FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC .
RAILWAY COMPANY. <
tttefm 9mrw» B-* *t Market 3%
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.. .
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11.00 a. m. . 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. .m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1-J
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:38, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. 12:«.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. \
Leave ~ ' Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
, October 16.
Week Sun- 1898. Sun-. Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am M
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am r
6:10 6:00 Fanta Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:2lpm
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:36pm 8:22 pm
7:80 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevlll*. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
.and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am SebastopoL. 10:40 am 10:25 am
B:3opm 5:00 pm 7:3s pmj 6:21 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*s, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Boonevllle. Orr*B
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willltts. Laytonville, Cum-
ming' s. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. "iT'ZI
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. . „
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronlclj bid*.
H. C. WHITING, „ R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California .
Limited
Santa ft Roii tie
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesday— In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.-
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car. ,
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — 828 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From .Nov. lv, l&uo, trains win run as follows:
South-bound. 1 North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. IPassen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
8 am j 10:30 am Stockton 3:45pm s:sopm
10:10 am 2:0:1pm Merced ." 12:40 pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am s:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32 I'm
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld I 2:30am|11:23 am >
12:5Spm[ B:sopm Visalia | 6:4oam I:ls pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. daily,
j excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally. -
For stage connections see official time table
or Inquire at Traffic Manager' Office, 321 Mar-
I ket street, San Francisco.A SEVERE DAY
ON BETTORS
AT THE TRACK
Oakland Furnished a|
Few Sensations.
TENRICA FIRST AT 20 TO 1
ANCHORED, AT ODDS ON, WAS
BEATEN" BY LOTHIAN.
Fig Leaf, Defender and Kaiser Lud
wig in a Sensational Finish.
Amasa Beat a Fast
Field.
There were some twists and curves
rnlxed up with the racing at Oakland yes
terday that the talent found hard to
pcive. Probably the unkindest cut of all
was when Marplot finished absolutely j
last in a field of five, going a miie and a i
sixteenth. He opened a prohibitive
choice and receded to even money. It ap
pears the hooded horse had been slug
gish in his work, and was not fancied by
his etable people. Our Climate, with Rut
ter up, was the bottle of Tobasco sauce
the smart set all reached for. and they
made the books rub his price from fours
to 6 to 5. He appeared to have every
thing under cover through the stretch,
when Devin, on Tenrica, came with a
rush and won by a head. The winner
■was backed down from 20 to 12..
The Burns & Waterhouse representative
was not the only tired first choice. In
verary 11, Anchored and Ed Gartland
were also side-tracked at wayside sta
tions, all carrying big commissions.
In the opening six furlong sprint for
maidens Inverary had Rutter at the
helm and everybody got aboard at even
money. If Rutter did his best the Mon
tana horse has gone back, ror he flj
a fast-coming third. Stan lowers, with
Piggott in the saddle, won all tho way,
beating the 75 to 1 shot l'ungo handily.
The windup of the second race, decided
over the Futurity course, was the pret
tiest of the meeting. Fig Leaf, Df I
and Kaiser Ludwig striking the wire in
the order named, short heads apart. The
winner was a 2 to l favorite.
Lothian seems to have finally raced Into
shape and made easy work oi Anchored,
the short priced favorite, in the five fur
long sprint for two-year-olds. The
ridden by Rutter, looned to have thi
in hand at the head of the stret<
was outfooted and downed a length in
1:02 flat. Peter Weber was third.
The concluding sprint over the F M
coarse was gathered in by Amasa, the
ring going to 6Vi to 1 for the mom y. The
fast gelding was always in front, und led
Chihuahua out a l<^srth in 1:10%. Sport
Mc.-\l!ister was third.
Turf Notes.
Pat Dunne, the widely known "Western
turfman, Is r: and was a specta
tor at the races yesterday.
Hugh Henry purchased O'Fleeta from
Frisco Lind betv - and turned the
gelding over to Billy Short to train.
While the field was at the post in the
second race, O'Neil, who had the mount
on Defender, was kicked in the thigh and
severely cut by Kaiser Ludwig. He wu»
replaced In the saddle by Eddie Ames.
Beauchamp sported th-» colors for the i
first t!m<- this season. !)-■ Its quick to get |
away and created a very fav
i. yhe sturdy rider ha£
lie ridine I
. event. Woods,
on Lothiai astride I
of him in the
stretch, i a mount to stumble
: ;:mes
and pi p with no more seri
ous Injury tl a a pair o:" torn riding
pants.
Entries for To-Day.
Following are to-day's entries: "
First Race— Three-year-olds and up; selling:
seven furlongs.
194 O'Fleta 109 189 Peixotto 112
156 Cutaway ... 112 lfG Magnus 104
1-2 Zarro 109 ITS Bliss Rucker ..107
182 Lost Girl ... 109 MH7 P F 109
173 Dolore KO ISO San Venado 113
157 Howard 109 152 A I Koran 107
168 Masoero 103 185 Bonnie lone 104
173 Joe Levy ... 114 152 Losette 104
Second Race— Six furlongs; Belling; two-year
olds.
179 Lime water 103: 174 Rey Hooker ....103
... Juneau 105 (175)M!dlove ..... 110
174 Petal ........ 100 j 160 Almoner 103
ISI Headwater 105 1 179 liorton 113
Third Race— One and three-eighth miles;
Belling; three-year-olds and up:
149 Eureka 107 j ISB Don Luis 85
... Tortonl 104, 170 Lady Hurst 103
182 Red Glenn ....'.•• 170 Vel 94
... Ro*smore 104 192 Beaamela 104
191 Charlie Reif .... 94 !
POSTUM CEREAL.
FIVE FAMILIES .
Discovered the Cause of Their
Sickness.
Whenever I drink coffee it affects my
heart in such a way that I cannot get
my breath without great difficulty. My
husband has had serious stomach
trouble for some years, which we found
by experimenting with leaving off cof-
fee, came from the coffee directly. We
have now been usirrg Postum Cereal
MBS. CHAS. F. WILSON,
80 Elizabeth St., Lafayette, Ind.
Food Coffee for three years, and both
husband and myself are perfectly well.
We shall never use common coffee
again as long a3 we can get Postum.
The following people have to my
knowledge been greatly benefited by
the discontinuance of coffee and the
use of Postum:
Mrs. Laura Quinn, 191 Cincinnati St.,
Lafayette, Ind.
Mr. and Mrs. Jno. Wilson, West
Lebanon. Ind.
Mr.«. •-■• -■ C. Wilson, Attica, Ind.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Killan, Lafayette,
Ind.
One thing people must remember, if
they. expect to. get a fine flavor from
Postum. It must be allowed to boil
long enough to bring the flavor out,
and just simply setting the pot on the
stove fifteen minutes wont do: it. but
fifteen minutes must be allowed after
the real boiling begins. j
Fourth Race— Burllngame stakes; one mile;
all ages: .V.'- ;
(lCDKapamax 103 190 Rubicon 115
174 Olintfaus S7 ... Lord Marmlon..lo6
iSOMorinel. 103 146 Rosormonde 103
!MU leta 1171 ... Espionage .. 91
17J Rainier 84 j
Fifth Race— weight handicap; six fur
lo::ps:
(isnifpfiflTvater no 175 Elizabeth R..... 92
li) 7 Jmrnita HO IK> Mollie A I<H
... Tor<=i/Ia 126 190 Highland 8a11. .130
...Captive 1201 IS9 Etta H 120
To-Day's Selections.
First Race— Pelxotto, San Venado. Magnus.
Second Race — Horton, Midlove, Limewater.
Third Race— Benamela, Red Glenn, Veloz.
Fourth Race— Napamax, Morinel. La Goleta.
Fifth Race— Etta I], Headwater. Captive.
VIOLATING FISH LAWS.
Many Local Dealers Arrested for
Selling Undersized Bass.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Davis, Lowe
i and Vogelsang have been making things
• -ting for the fishmongers of this city
I during tho past few days. Under the State
law of 1879 it is unlawful to catch striped
j bass under three pounds in weight. This
i was for the purpose of protecting the
: fish that had been brought from the East
for the streams of the "West. The lHue
fellows have thrived until now there are
thousands in the rivers and bay. If given
a chance they will grow as heavy as fifty
pounds and they are as gamy a fish as
swims. During the last week the bay
has been full of these tish and the fisher
; men have been taking them in their nets,
big, little and all. The only way of reach
ing the offenders is to punish the men
who sell the tish and thereby encourage
the fishermen to violate the law.
Within the past two days the officials
mentioned have been making an inspec
tion of the several fish markets and ar
resting all of the dealers who had under
sized bass— under three pounds— Ua their
possi ssion. Thi offenders were Arnold R.
Bi ydi n, Chinook ' market; Benanico,
Spreckels market; Ah Lum, Chinatown;
Hayes street; A. Frediani
«v Co., Hayes and Octavia streets; D.
et, and R. Maye,
ry market. The latter was con
victed and yesterday paid a fine of $-v.
In all places many bass weighing
less than a pound were found.
ANOTHER CHINESE TRICK
Collector Jackson's Ruling on an
Erasure Approved by the
Government.
The Secretary of the Treasury notified
Customs Collector Jackson yesterday
that it had approved of his decision in
the case of a Chinese section 6 certificate
on which there appeared an erasure.
Some weeks ago a Chinaman applied
for admission to this country and pre
sented a section 6 certificate in which his
former occupation was given as that of
ry master. His present occupation
tated to be that of a teacher. The
word "teacher" had been wruten over an
erasure. For that reason Collector Jack
son refused to allow the applicant to
land. The Secretary of the Treasury said
In hi* decision that erasures on Chinese
should be noted in the margin
In the same manner as erasures on other
documents, and certilied to. The appli
cant will be deported.
COOLIE TAILOR ESCAPED.
Broke Away From the Chinese Lega
tion and Now at Large.
The resident Chinese Consul notified j
Collector Jackson yesterday that Ho |
Nam, a tailor, employed by the Chinese
legation in Washington had come to San
Francisco for the purpose of returning
to China, but that on arriving at this
port he failed to report at the Consulate
and escaped. The Consul wants the tailor
arrested and" deported, for he has no
right to be In this country except as an
attache of the Chinese Legation in Wash
ington.
This Week's Wasp.
Full of bright and interesting jokes, sto
ries ;i tchea from original contribu
tors, the Wasp comes out this week a.s
tincttvely a fine number. The cartoons
are exceptionally good, one showing the
sad "Retreat to Jsew York of Napoleon
Hearst and his string of imported car
toonists and writers"— Davenport, Mc-
Ewen, etc. Another shows Barry, "Cus
pidor Jim," as not only being "turned
down, but nailed down." The "Social
Jus" column, by Teresa Doane, is
replete with timely comment and Mulroo
ney discourses inimitably on election mat
ters.
Dr. Shrady writes about the de
cadence of business 'men in next
Sunday's Call.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAEXAND RACE THACK, Friday, Nov. 11, 1898.— Eleventh day of
the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERQUSON. Starter.
100 FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
laOi purse, $300.
maidens;
three-year-olds
and
upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.,
Vim.
%m.
Str.
153 Stan Powers. 3.... 109
153 Fon&o, 3 112
IS6 Inverary 11. 3 103
103 Peixotto 11, 4 114
182 Majesty, 3 114
183 Zein JSem, 3 109
177 Defiant. 3 109
171 Durward, 4 114
IS3 AzaJiah. 4 114
i 1
!
5
8
2
i
2 1
4 y,
5 H
7 2
3 Vi
1 h
8 2
6 h
9
In
5 Vi
4 V*
3 %
8 h
2 3
8 15
7 h
9
1 %
4 Vi
5 1
2 Vi
6 h
3 h
7 2
8 40
9
1 2
2 h
3 1
4 2
5 h
6 M,
7 3
8 50
9
i'
iriggou
IHolmes
[Rutter
jSnlder
I Wilson
IBeauchainp ..
IGarrigan
3
15
1
20
20
«
20
6
60
2
20
4-5
50
50
12
60
15
60
If.
IShields
|F. Narvaex...
Tlme-l:- Winner. Barns A Waterhouse's b. g. by Morel lo-Zulu. Good start. Won
han r^ers S gTb P ;T < rid t o' r 'V'n EE 11 o in if- an uncertain quantity. Inverary. strange,y enough,
could not keep up first part. Others will do to "copper. r=====.
ICkA. SECOND RACE— Futurity course (170 feet less than six furlongs); sellin X ; three-
It/T't year-olda and upward; purse. )350.
i
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. -St.
Vim.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
172 Fie i>.af 4 * loji l .. 1% lh lh lh (W-oods 3-2 2
V.z Defender V.v:.:::::^! 1 ... 2? . \\. »h 21. Ames 4 9-2
182 Kaiser I.udwig. 5..112! 5 ... 3% 3V. 3 1 34 i.-.^rson 12 9-2
... Sierra Blanco, 3... .104 7 ... 74 B2 4Vi 4J, K\ «rson 14 10
IDS OFleta. 6 103 4 ... * % 4 2 cl 5 4 Penny 4 A
W Outgo, a 103 8 ... 82 72 62 62 Penny lo 2S
iki t ittio ji,,»r i lilt « 5h 6V2 ■ • '* ueMn 0 lv
Jol Crrtton a. ' 1 815 820 Sls Ooutn « 25
... Urn Stevens. 3 107^ I ... » « ■ 9 &,f™ lth »? 10 2
... Al lcia, 5 :00| » _: _ '^-Jv—l: :• l 3 *
TimLi:ll%. Winner. J. H. Shields' b. m. by Imp. Martlnhurst-Orange Leaf. Good
start. W( :i first three driving. Kaiser Ludwle was cut _on back stretch. _• ran
Fig Leaf was plainly the best. Kaiser Ludwlg was cut off on back stretch. He ran
especially well at thru. Alicia was lett after a long delay at the post. She had a possible
chance. |__ ■ '
3-2
4
8
12
4
18
8
6
SO
15
2
9-2
9-2
100
4
25
10
25
100
9
JQS THIRD RACE-Flve furionga; selling; maiden two- year-olds; purse. 1350.
Index..
W».-ht.
St.
St.
%m.
%m.
%m.
V4tn.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Str.
Fin.
. j Jockeys.
IC4 Lothian 1031
175 Anchored 1091
IS4 Peter Weber -. . . 101
184 Glengaber 112!
■' 175 Kon't Tell UK
' 179 Btone L 104 :
. ... BJmJ -. 10C
164 Rear Admiral 109 1
■ 5
!
4 1
2 4
3V6
6%
7 6
6 "3
8
1 h
3>4
1 1
2 h
5 h
7 3
6 3
8
4 2
2 V,
1 V 4
8 2
4 1
I 2
6 6
7
•
1 1
2 2
3 2
4 2
5 1
6 6
[WoOd3
Kutter
iDevin
Shields
Ames
Hull man .....
IBurck
■ [Beauohamp ..
4 6
'-IP 1-2
8 ir>
4 9
8 7
50 100
15 30
25 fiO
•F> U.
T::n-'-I:i2. Winner, Hums Sz Waterhouse's b. g. by Imp. Mldlothlan-Ix<!et3L Good
start. Won clei ■ ; arid third driving.
j>, ■'■ ent was tuddnn and fascinating-. She was backed. Peter \Veber will
Improve with a^e. Admiral was pocketed and thrown by the winner and Weber. Glengaber
is rani
196.
FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mllea; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.;
Std.
Vim. V4m.
%m. Btr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
170 Tenrlca. 3 88 4 ... |U 3^4 3h ih lh Dovin I 10 12
ir Climate. I VH 5 ... 4V4 42 13 13 23 Rutter 3-2 6-5
lh lh 2h 3 3 3* Houck 20 20
16* Kruna, 4 04; 2 ... 5 6 6 4 1 420 IGarrigan 15 25
141 M :; ... 2Vj 2 h 4 2 B 5 [Wcnids 3-5 1
Tim'-. 1.43. Winner, MllN M. O'Connell's b. g. by Tenny-imp. Princess Fredrlca. Good
start, wen ilrst three dririn*.
It wa« a fluke win. Itutter m.iri* his nin around the far turn, and then grew careless
with Climate. Marplot Wl : not work and has to race Into shape.
4
•">
1
3 H
4 V*
1 h
5
_JJ4
3 tt
4 2
1 h
6
2 h
3 li Mi
13 13
2h 3 3
S 4 1
4 2 6
lh
2 3
3 M,
4 20
5
JDevln
Rutter
iHouck
Garrlgan
\Ttr i_
IWooda
I^7 FIFTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $350.
• ■ !l '
Index. Honw. A^e. Weight. St. Btd.
«m. %m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
— ■ ; .. ■ j~ — - — —
072) Amasa, 3 104 5 ... 11 114 12 11 I. Powell ..... 4 6
(IST) Chihuahua, 3 104| 6 ... 6h 2»* BV4 2h Beauchamp .. 5-2 4
187 Sport McAllister, 6.107 4 • ... 4 h 4 >,(. 5 % Ii Rutter .... 4 9-2
IST Ed inland 11, 3.. 99); 2 ,:- -• "-:... ■■;-..■ 3h 51 4 h 41 Woods 3-2 ,7-5
177 Judge Stouffer. 4...U0 3 : 5..-.V 6 2 6 2 1% C 3 Shields 8 10
(18.-.) Juantta, 4 103!| 1 ... 2 2 3>6 ■ '6 8 610 Gouln 15 23
m V P," 4 toil 7 ... 7 1 7 6 7 7 Ames 10 8
_ISS Soscol. 3 ;...104|l 3- ... 8 £, ' • ... IJavln 15 40
- 'Pulled up. ; ' ' ■'
Time, 1:10%. Winner, Crane 4: Owens' b. g. by Captain Al-Lady Intruder. Good start.
Won all out-. Second and | third driving.
Gartlawl was pocketedl until the stretch was reached. "Would have won under morn fa-
vorable conditions. Wiamr Is a flash in the pan, but hard , to catch. l J V away badly.
He will -will in cheaper company. Too short for Stouffer,
'. -- ' ' ; ■ ; ■ :•■:•■
5 }
It.'
4
| 2 .
i
h
1 1
6 h
4 h
3 )l
« 2
2 2
.7 1
8
1 lVi
2 »■*
4 %
I 1
6 2
3 >.i ■■
7 6
- 8 ■ '
1 2
8 hi
5 M.
4 h
2 V 4
C 8
m
1 1
2 h
8 'i
4 1
r, 3
6 10
7
I. Powell
Beaucluunp ..
Rutter
Woods
I
5-2
4
3-2
8
15
10
15
6
4
9-2
,7-5
10
23
8
40
|PhieldS
Gouln
Ames
jl.'evln
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1898.
THOSE WHO
FOLLOW THE
PIGSKIN
The Great Football
Match.
BOTH ELEVENS FORMED
LAST GAME OF THE OLYMPIC
TEAM.
It Will Meet the University of Cali
fornia Team at Recreation
Park This After
noon.
In less than two weeks the Intercollegi
ate football match between the Cardinal
and the Blue and Gold will be lost and
won, and the usual excuses and explana
tions forthcoming from the sup
porters of the losing side. Even
the interest in the game has not
been shadowed by the engrossing topic ol
the public mind, politics, which has
buried everything with it but football.
The last time that either college will
appear in a match game this year will be
this afternoon, when the Olympics and
the University of California measure
strengths on the Recreation park. Stan
ford has run its full quota of matches
with the club men. The college men
from Berkeley will play their last sched
uled game to-day, and much depends
on the result. From this hour on the at
mosphere will be full of the football fever
which will be assuaged on Thanksgiving
day not to reappear for ten months.
At the time of this writing the respec
tive elevens of both colleges should be
well formed and solidified. This is prac
tically the state of affairs at Berkeley
and pretty much so at Palo Alto. Bar
ring injuries California will play a team
that will present no new faces in the reg
ular line-up. The varsity has been in
crystallized shape ever since the change
which sent Cornish to center and put
Grelsburg in the second eleven. This hap
pened after the last game with the Olym
pics, played in this city four weeks ago.
The only doubt about positions on the
Blue and Gold eleven is in regard to the
occupancy of quarter, one guard position
and possibly fullback. Hopper, who was
playing quarterback for the varsity when
he met with a serious accident to his
knee is now so far recovered as to ap
pear on the field for light work. He is
still weak and not in the best condition
on account of his several weeks' rest.
Whether or not he will be able to round
in shape for the big game is a question
which time alone can solve. Should he
not be in trim on Thanksgiving day Thane
will undoubtedly be played quarter. Thane
is a fair substitute to Hopper at his best,
and the team will not be a great sufferer
on account of Hopper"s absence, although
he is a very strong, reliable and steady
player It seems very probable that
Ahem will make the team, as he in now
playing a game that will win him the
choice. The other guard position will rest
between Hooper and Barnes. Who will
be the lucky candidate will be known
early next week.
Fairly good reports emanate from the
Berkeley campus. According to Coach
Cochran the team is playing a good qual
ity of football. The practice during the
early part of the week was encouraging,
as men showed spirit, animation and pro
found interest in work cut out for them.
The baneful practice of individualizing
certain players and practically preventing
team action which was so common at
Berkeley is not seen there this season.
The eleven which will face Stanford on
Thanksgiving day will, unless it falls to
follow the teachings of two months and
the daily vociferations of the coach, play
together as if there was a common end
in view This is the redeeming feature of
the California eleven at the present time
and what makes it a much stronger team
than the cardinal to-day.
Despite the fair reports of the practice
at California there Is a lengthy sick list.
The great sufferer is Pete Kaarsberg, who
Is now a victim of blood-poisoning.
Kaarsberg baa from the very beginning
of the season played a game that insured
his position as full back on the varsity.
At the last stage of the game he was vis
ited by a most troublesome illness. His
general play was of such a character as
to leave no choice for the coaches in their
selection of him for the guardian of the
back field. At present his condition is
such that unless some radical improve
ment is noted he will be unable to don
his suit to-day and possibly he .will not
appear in .the intercollegiate game. Sev
eral other men are suffering from bad
ankles and strained arms and shoulders.
The Stanford eleven is also in pretty
bad shape. Burmeister is by no means in
as perfect condition as he should be; Mur
phy is suffering from a bad knee and sev
eral .of the other men are running tho
gamut of injuries; however, without any
serious calamities.
The Stanford eleven Is giving Coach
Cross more or less worry this year. In
the first place there was no such thing as
spirit among the players until the begin
ning of this week. The candidates went
to work in a very listless way and their
playing showed for it with but very few
exceptions. On Saturday they played the
Olympics in this city and a tie game re
sulted. On Tuesday last the cardinal
team, weakened by the absence of the
ends and possibly. Burmeister at full,
were defeated by the clubmen with the
score of 12—0; which, however, is no basis
of comparison of the respective merits
of both teams. The Olympics played ail
round their opponents, and the score
would have been twice Its size had the
game lasted longer.
The great weakness of the Stanford
team is at the center. Oilman, who played
that position, may or may not make the
varsity, but the easiest mark for the
Olympics was the Stanford guards,
through whom gains were made- in most
regular order and for even distances. The
Olympic touchdowns were earned by
sheer line bucking, and as this was cer
tain to produce victory the clubmen rare
ly resorted to any other tactics. What
the Stanford eleven team lacks at present
is cohesion and unity. The material is
none of the best, and without team play
the cardinal will not have a chance this
year. The same thing may be said of
the blue and gold, eleven. The material
at Berkeley is of mediocre quality, nor is
it prolific; but there is a semblance of
team play in the California eleven. Man
for man, there is pretty much of a bal
ance in the two teams, but California's
concentration of effort makes it an. eleven
25 per cent better than its adversary is
at the present time. Of course the week
and a half of practice which Stanford
will have before the final meeting will do
something for it.
Stanford has the reputation of possess
ing a resurrecting ability. Season after
season has the cardinal team gone into
the mountains the last week of practice
before the Thanksgiving match and come
out of retreat a rejuvenated body of .men.
This may happen again, But the chances
are not as favorable as in former years,
when the coach had a number of first
magnitude football players to work on.
Two years ago, when Harry Cross was
coaching, the team at this time of the
season was in a very crippled condition.
They went to the mountains and came
back hale and physically perfect.
In order to get the men to work the
guard of coaches will be at Palo Alto this
coming week. Clemans, Downing, Fran
kenheimer, Code, Fickert and a few oth
ers will be out with the team every niri't.
There will be no fooling on the Palo Alto
campus from now on. The players have
now recognized that they must work to
hope to win and the result may be very
Inspiriting for the Stanford students.
What ought to be the very best game of
the season between the Olympics and a
college team should be played to-day. The
clubmen have been improving steadily and
should put up a game this afternoon
which should reach the acme of inelr
efforts. The first four games in which
the Olympics played were victories for me
opposing teams. Then they played a tie,
which was followed by a dazzling victory.
The Olympics this afternoon.if they meet
the best that California can produce, will
face the strongest team they have met
this season. And this is the very reason
why the game should prove the most In
teresting of the entire series. It is the
final appearance of the clubmen and last
showing of the California team but one.
The Olympics are hopeful of winning and
the California men are the same. The re
sult of this game will give the enthusiasts
an opportunity of forming judgments
more or less erroneous on the respective
abilities of the two college teams.
The Olympics and California elevens
will line up in this way:
California Position*. Olympics.
Craig E.— R Tomllnson
Gaylor
Whlpple L.— T.— R Sheehy
Hooper G.— R. Sexton
Cornish C 2*?£
Athern R.-G.-L "V'? bs
Prinßle F.— L Ersk ne
Womble R.— E.— L. McLalne
Thane Quarter i, r ode
Smith...: R.-H.-L.. Wilson
Hall 1..-H.-R Morse
More, Kaarsberg....Full Atkinson, McNevln
LAWN TENNIS WILL
BOOM THIS WINTER
Politics and football have up to the
present time drawn the attention of many
players away from lawn tennis. The elec
tion Is already past and gone, and when
the great Intercollegiate football match
shall also have become a matter of history,
lawn tennis will experience a revival. The
California Lawn Tennis Club, which a
year ago had ninety members, has up
ward of 130 now. Many young people
have recently joined the club, and greater
interest Is being taken In the game than
for several seasons past. The round
robin tournaments, in which every team
plays every other team entered, and the
one winning most sets is victor, have
proved very popular. R. M. Whitney and
George Brads haw, popularly known as
"ihe invincibles," defeated R. J. Davis
and J. Hooper, and also S. Adams and H.
Weihe in the round robin tournament,
men's doubles, on election day, and are
now the club champions in doubles. The
Hardy brothers, Samuel and Sumner. are
the holders of the Pacific Lawn Tennis
Association championship In doubles,
which they earned by defeating Freeman
and Plcher on September 10 at San Ra
fiu'l. Sumner Hardy la at the University
of California, and Samuel is at Stanford:
when these meet, the best lawn tennis
ever seen In Intercollegiate games on this
coast will b« played. On his first ap
mce on the Bush-street courts
or three weeks ago, Sumner Hardy de-
I. ated Daily, ami came out victor i
m" the double matches in which he p
Miss Alice Hoffman having- goni
Honolulu to spend the winter, Miss Wini
fred Mason is now the strongest lady
player on the California Club courts. K.
M. Whitney and George Uradshaw are
the strongest double team, while K.
Adams and H. Weihe, the "ponies," play
a hard and clever game. R. J. Davis, the
treasurer and mainstay of the olub, is
niv, reliable player, and W. R. Mc-
Gavlri. formerly champion, still wields the
let effectively. Werner Stauf, who
weighs 220 iiounds, is the best player
among the heavyweights. The first ten
players rank in about the following order:
George F. Whitney, R. M. V. r hitney, Wal
ter Magee. Sherwood Adams, !
Weiho, George S. Jiradshaw, J
Hooper, Dr. C. B. Root. Walter S. Mc-
Gavin and Arthur Cheestbrough.
WHAT LOVERS OF
GOLF ARE DOING
The Oakland Golf Club !s In a very
prosperous condition, having 225 members
on its roll. The course is in excellent
trim, having recently been rolled with a
twenty-ton steam roller. The links, -well
covered with grass and wild Sowers, pre
sent B very attractive appearance. Two
or three dozen players, among whom are
several ladies, are to lie found daily on
the links. The executive committeo will
make arrangement* to enlarge the dress
ing room accommodations, which are
quite inadequate to the requirements of
the members who play regularly.
Last Saturday several members who
to enter tho captain's cup competi
tion played two nine-hole rounds to qual
ify. The captain's cup 1s a silver trophy
presented by O. Pierce. Jt is the property
of the club, but the names of winners are
inscribed upon it. The average of the two
rounds was taktn, and all who ir.ade an
average of fifty or fewer strokes are
entitled to play for the honor of having
their names handed down on the cup.
The following players qualified: R.
Cook© 50, J. P. Edwards 50, B. fi. Folgt-r
4') i\ vl. Bowles 49, R. M. Fitzgerald 48
J. C. McKcc 47, G. D. Greenwood 47, F. S.
Stratton 4G and \V. P. Johnson 45. The
• tition is held twice a year, and con-
Fists of two rounds, 18 hules. it will take
place this afternoon.
How Dewey beat the British in
next Sunday's Call.
EIGHTY DOGS
WILL CHASE
THE HARES
Big Stake to Be Run
at Ingleside.
THE LARGEST YET GIVEN
PREPARING FOR THE GREAT
MERCED MEET.
The Drawing Will Take Place at
Pythian Castle This Even
ing at Eight
O'Clock.
The Ingleslde Coursing Park Directors,
anticipating: an exceptionally large gath
ering of the admirers of coursing at the
meeting of to-day, have made consider
able changes in the grand stand looking
toward the comfort and pleasure of their
patrons.
The stake is one of the largest ever
run in an inclosed park, consisting of
eighty high-class dogs.
Last week The Call tipped twenty-six
winners of the thirty-two courses run on
Saturday last, and unless something un
foreseen happens the selections for the
meeting of this afternoon, and which ap
peared in yesterday's paper, will doubtless
come near to the mark intended.
At 8 o'clock this evening a drawing for
the Ingleside Club's grand animal meet
ing at Merced will be held in Pythian Cas
tle, after which the club will give a ban
quet to its friends at a popular restau
rant.
When the club selected November 15 as
being an excellent time for coursing in
the open, it figured upon considerable
rain prior to that date, but o'.d Jupiter
Pluvius, Who handles the strings of the
flood gates on high, is seemingly taking
quite a long nap and forgetting us poor
mortals below.
But rain may fall between now and
Tuesday, and should a good sprinkle
strike the plains the pleasure of the out
ing will be enjoyed by hundreds, as the
Ingleside Club invariably carries a largo
following.
President Shannon is In correspondence
with Tommy Hall, the grand old sport of
Merced, and in case the weather remains
fine, grounds which have never been
coursed upon and which are s.-*!d to be
just fitting for the occasion, will be tried
on Tuesday next. However, the large
gathering of snort lovers who will leave
this city at 9 a. m. on Monday morning
may look forward to three days of grand
sport. Judge Grace has been in training
for the occasion for several weeks and
says that he will be up with the dogs
from start to finish.
T. McHugh, the popular field steward,
contends that at this coming meeting he
will introduce a scheme by which the
crowd will have to keep from crowding
the slipper and chasing the dogs after
they are slipped.
A band of music will meet the Ingleside
Club on Its arrival at Merced and escort
the officers to headquarters.
That grand dog, For Freedom, It is said,
will be permanently withdrawn from the
coursing fields and placed in the stud.
Santa Alicia will be bred to him and for
tunate will be the man who will secure
any of the stock, as there is nothing of
higher class extant. Hurricane, a New
Zealand dog, will appear for the first
time to-day in the new park. It is said
that he is another such dog as For Free
dom and that he will sweep everything
before him this afternoon, but those new
comers are so very unreliable, you know.
The proposed match race between Vic
tor King and Volunteer on the plains of
Merced is off. The backers of Victor
King failed to put up their coin.
YACHTSMEN WILL GIVE
A MINSTREL SHOW
The minstrel performance for the bene
fit of the San Francisco Yacht Club will
be Riven in this city, and not in the club
house at Sausalito. as was at first in
tended. The committee having the enter
tainment in charge consists of Commo
dore Dr. T. L. Hill, Vice-Commodore G.
T. S. White, Financial Secretary W. G.
Morrow, F. B. Madison and L. Q. Haven.
An excellent performance will be given,
the fonow!ng having promised their ser
vices: Alexander Rosbnrough, William
Hines, John Cathcart, J. Putnam Jackson,
Robert C. Mitchell, Julian Thorne, Regi
nald Mason, Benjamin Tarbox, Frank
Thompson, Albert Borlini and William
O'Brien. W. M. Edgell, J. Ogllvie, George
Starr and Herbert Martin will sing solos.
The Jones brothers will also appear. The
entertainment will take place at Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, on Monday,
November 21. at 8:15 p. m., and dancing
will commence at 10:30 p. m. Reserved
seats may be obtained at Sherman &
Clay's on Saturday, November 19, and on
the day of the performance.
The directors of the San Francisco
Yacht Club have forwarded a communi
cation to the directors of the Pacific
Yacht Club, expressing their regret at the
approaching extinction of the Pacifies,
and thanking them for their courtesy in
permitting the San Franciscos to use
their clubhouse, boathouse and landing
stage during the season of 1897, after the
San Franciseos had lost their quarters by
the disastrous fire of March 2L. The San
Franciscos have offered the use of their
clubhouse to the Pacifies for the rest of
the fiscal year.
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop, Cyg
nus and E. Donohoe's sloop Speedwell
are moored for the winter in Corte Ma
dera Creek near Larkspur. L, Q. Haven's
sloop Sappho and l'Hommedieu and Pel
amater's sloop Phoenicia will lie in Oak
land Creek. The San Francisco sloops,
Will o" the Wisp and Catherine, are at
winter moorings off Hurricane Gulch.
The sloop Phoenicia will be raffled off in
the near future.
MARINE ENGINEERS
ARE IN THE FIGHT
WILL CONTEST BIGHTS OF NEW
MADE CITIZENS.
An Attempt to Be Made to Revoke
Licenses Issued to Deck Offi
cials of Foreign Boats.
Indignation is running high In local
marine circles over the action of the Seat
tle officials in granting- immediate citi
zenph'p to the deck officers and engineers
of the four British steamers, the Vic
toria. Olympia, Taooma and Glengare, of
the Nofthern Pacific Company that were
j recently granted American register. In
j granting immediate citizenship to the
! thirty-two officers of the foreign boats
j they were enabled to get American li
censes and hold their positions under
I American registration to the disbarment
I of native craftsmen.
The local Marine Engineers' Benevolent
I Association took official cognizance of the
matter at a meeting held yesterday, and
every measure will be taken to nullify
what the association considers an unwar
ranted and unjust action on the part of
I the Government. President O'Brien, of
the association, said yesterday:
"We have no reflections to cast upon
the ability or worthiness of these men.
What Cuba's Loss Means to Spain.
The loss of Cuba means to Spain the loss of
the very (sustenance of the nation. , Already
her tax ridden people are crying : for bread.
In the same way the loss, of your once vigor
ous appetite means poverty and starvation to
your body. If any reader of this paper wishes
to be as hungry again as when a child, and
wants to fully ; enjoy hearty meals, we • can
recommend Hostetter'a Stomach Hitters. It
cures indigestion, dyspepsia - and constipation.
Our complaint is that these officers have
been given American licenses without
having to pass even the requirements
that our native born and home-trained
men are obliged to compiy with. The law
provides that a foreign engineer must
have had his first papers for two years
before he is eligible to American license.
"These men were given citizenship as
soon as the British boats were i
under American register. There are thir
ty-two of them, and our complaint is that
they are crowding thirty-tw.> Americana
out of positions that should justly fall to
them, and we are going to do everything
that we can to have the licenses revoked.
"We have witnesses enough to prove
that the men in question are not nor have
they been citizens of this country, and
we are going to prove it in open court if
necessary when the case comes up in
Seattle."
An affidavit which sets forth the testi
mony of a man now in this city is being
prepared and wia bo forwarded to the
Washington authorities. It will set forth
that witness knew ore of the officers ftf t
flve years and that he has been for three
years past in the Arctic regions. With
this evidence it is hoped to prove per
jury by those who swore to the naturali
zation papers.
United States District Attorney Foote
was asked yesterday regarding the case,
but he said that as it would not come
within his jurisdiction he had not taken
the trouble to look up the law points in
volved.
CAPTAIN SEARLES IS ILL.
The Well-Known Navigator Afflicted
With a Cancerous Growth.
Captain Robert R. Searles, the well
known shipmaster of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, occupies a ward in
the McNutt Hospital, where he is being
treated by Drs. Anderson and McNutt for
a severe cancerous affection of the throat.
This affection has been rapidly develop
ing and has spread to the end of the
tongue, necessitating an operation. At
first an effort was made to conceal the
true nature of the captain's Illness, but
Its .seriousness leaked out when, by order
of the physicians, he was taken from his
apartments in the Palace Hotel to the
hospiial. His condition was reported bet
ter last evening.
Captain Searles is one of the best known
of pioneer navigators of the Pacific. By
long and faithful service to the Pacific
Mai! Company on their Oriental route,
he has earned the distinction of "commo
dore captain" in their fleet of vessels.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Vampires to Play Against British
Sailors at Golden Gate.
This afternoon at the Golden Gate
ground the Vampires will play an asso
ciation football match against a team of
apprentices from British ships now lying
in the harbor. The Vampires will be cap
tained by G. T. S. White, and the sailors'
eleven will be gathered together by the
Rev. Mr. Fullerton, chaplain of the Sea
men's Institute.
The Vampires' team will be made up as
follows: J. M. Punnett, goalkeeper; Mc-
Graw and Robertson, backs; Frye, Dug
gar) and Selwood, halfbacks; H. Punnett,
Anderson, White, Dye and Coles, for
wrrds. Play will begin at 3 p. m.
The Vampires will almost certainly pay
a visit to Redding on Thanksgiving day
to play against the Xeswlck team. Early
next year the Keswick men, among
whom are some who are well known
among San Francisco cricketers, will
pay a visit to this city to play the return
match against the Vampires.
BAY CITY ROAD RACE.
Entries and Handicaps for To-Jlffor
row's Big Event.
The road racing committee of the Bay
City Wheelmen announced the entries and
handicaps for their big road race to-mor
row at San Carlos last night. They are as
follows:
Walter J. Davidson. R. J. Black, Frank
G. Peck and Ivan Tread well, scratch; Ed |
McNess, Arthur Davidson, Charlie Rue- i
ser. D. G. Sylvester, 15 seconds; E. J. i
Bangs, L. Livingston George Howe, 30 |
seconds; William Pedlar, Fred Howe, 45
seconds; W. Holton, T. Wells. Charles i
Bowers, 1 minute; J. M. Salazar, George i
P. Caldwell, 2 minutes 15 seconds.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .'
"absolute^^ security.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good.
PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF If* a trrrri>l for headache. SEE
fc CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. *™
rrvTTivr QPITTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. rrvmiUD
6ENUINE Hivfr for torpid liver. GENUINE
m PILLS FQR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFH _!fa for sallow skim. WRAPPFR
MAiTfcK ;ft^ Ifortheco^plexiok WhArrM
25 'cents I Pnrcly V^etx?b\b./<£%&+**£h^£
INOLESIDE COURSINQ PARK.
Next Saturday and Sunday
OPEAf
STAKE!
November 19 and MERCED CONSOLA-
TION STAKE and OPEN STAKE. Entrance,
«2 . •■.
November < 24— OPEN STAKE. Entrance,
$5.
November 26 and 27— NON-WINNERS'
STAKE and SAPLING STAKE.
Take a Mission-street car and it will land you
at the gates. .■■•'-.;.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
DR. MEYERS &. CO.,
Specialists for All Diseases of Men.
.^g^aoSjiSygfc^ T T HESE SUCCE33-
1 f v 1 physicians
have the most exten-
\&&S&f^*~*°^^ vM» blvo practice and
K&riy largest and best
Kfa?-5? !>r* ; equipped medical in-
*&gfMß '".--^ ''■ etitutlon on the Pa-
<>*S^ «^T s *l/&*!^xl. clflc t -' oast - They hay?
/f\t'* \ such confidence in
\i **£>"' A"T^^ thelr ability that
i\*®* rvis*' _ c^ they ■will let th» pa-
'/ \ s 'Hs4. I tient deposit the prica
/ /£* i st£ f » I ' ?^s?fi?» of a cure In any hank
'ii^inlKtW *2ikhmi&*&ii or ' th any business
!'Z?yM T«iSw£i»W?*--^r/ house cr newspaper
t^feK^^f^W^»»-/ tn San Francisco, to
t he cure ls ejected.
f?w?\ l\\^SP^'<9 or witl take monthly
UK^^Ji_Jil NsQWs!?jfi2 installments if the
Established 17 Tears. patient prefers.
Thousands cured .at
home. Advice and private book free. Letter*
confidential. DR. METERS & CO.. 7SI Market
St., San Francisco, Cal.
'" ■' ■ • ■ '*}y: :■'''?■' ' *' ■■ - ' ;i .■
/TJ^'Sy LADIES CO NO MOW
F J^T DR * FELIX LE BRUI|fB
> Steel Pennyroyal Treatment
■ V lis the original and only FRENCH, '
1 r safe and reliable cure on the mar.
'y- *-^ket. Price. $1.00; sent by mail.
C s Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO., 'Sole Agents.
214 Kearny st.. San Francisco.
V^?^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/W<*!**l3 02i> KEABXT st. Established
£sT<r .■Sa In 1534 ior the t«"catui?ni of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispeflsarj, '
62."* KEABST *T. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Dlseiisfs, Lost Manhoud. Debility or
Ksffl£&f j^lii disease wearing on bociy:imJ iiiiuciaitd
SSwß^^i^M skin Distpusfs- i'hertoctorcurPHWhPti
Kw&ra (lllicill ' al1 ' Try him. Charges low.
!*>jzy>sySffi£jl I'urfK guaranteed. Callcrwritft.
air. J. V. IB BOX, Box 1 US*. San Francisco.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
X HAUNT AND WASHINGTON SiXS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING., WARD A
CO.* European plan. Kooma 60c to SI 50 day.
{£ to it ireek. $S to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates la «verjt
room; elevator ruoa ail aisM* "-?-:':*.:.,.
THE SPIDER
HAS PLENTY
OF CONFIDENCE
Training Hard for His
Next Match.
MULLER IS IMPROVING
McFADDEN THINKS HE CAN
WHIP KAYNAHD.
Gossip of the Corbett-Sharkey Mill
and the Prospect of the Po
lice Interfering With
the Tight.
On Tuesday evening the Western Ath
letic Club will give its second boxing en
tertainment in Woodward's Pavilion.
Manager Murphy has figured out a first
class bill of athletic fare, and it goes
without saying that a large and enthusi
astic crowd will witness the mills.
"Spider" Kelly has been training hard at
the ocean beach for some weeks, and it
confidence will help to land him a winner
he will certainly have easy sailing, but
the "Spider" will need something more
substantial than confidence to defeat hia
opponent Muller, who, although rather
slow in movement, is a pretty stiff punch
er and a good judge of distance. Muller
has improved wonderfully in the past
year, and he will have a large following
of friends who will back him strongly to
•whin the agile "Spider." At any rate the
spectators can rely upon getting "a run
for their money," as there are two first
class preliminary bouts which may prove
just as interesting as the event of the
evening.
Jockey Maynard and "Kid" McFadden
will certainly put up a stiff argument.
McFadden is confident that he can whip
Maynard in a ten-round "go," but May
nard laughs at the idea and says that
when he met McFadden In Woodward's
Pavilion he was out of condition and waa
consequently a bit weak at the finish,
but even so he scored five points to Mc-
Fadden's one in each of the rounds they
fought. Maynard now contends that ha
will be in fine fettle when he faces "the
kid" on Tuesday evening, and unless a
lucky blow places him out of the game he
expects to win easily on points.
Tom Sharkey is very confident of whip
ping Corbett on the evening of the 22d
inst., but good judges of pugilism think
differently.
Corbett is probably the cleverest big
man who ever entered a ring, not except
ing Jem Mace, who was considered in his
day the king of boxers. Jim will easily
avoid Sharkey's swings and rushes, and
continuous jabbing will certainly arouse
the sailor's ire and that will mean rough
fighting on the part of Sharkey.
It will not surprise many of the sport
ing authorities of this city to hear that
the police put a stop to the fight in the
early part of the battle, and that the ref
eree awards to Corbett a decision on
points. Still, if the sailor can be held
in check by his seconds the contest may
go on to the end of the twenty-five
rounds, and if so Corbett will certainly be
given the decision, as those who are con
versant with the game are aware that he
can outclass Sharkey in boxing, and
points must count if a knock-out is not
registered.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
gw PALACE «'S
gG/?jqWP^ orEX - s 2
X »AH MAN CISCO. 2
" Connected by a covered passageway. *J
P 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. 2
O All Under One Management. O
A KOTK THE PEICES: Q
jZ European Plan. Bl .OO per day and upward -J
O American Plan.s3.OO per day and upward <*
ft Correspondence Solicited. . A
q JOSH C. KIH2PATEICK, Manager. q
CLO QOOQOO OO 300 OOOQQ
: ~ ; ; '■ ~~7~":
COKE! COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South 2*.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of CO KB.
Yards at HOWARD AND BSALE STSL x 
MAKE PERFECT MEN
9 DO MOT DESPAIR ! DonotSof-
fer Longer! Tho joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. T-he very
■worst cases u(Servon« DcMlltyari
absolutely cured by FEKFEOTO
TABLETS. Oi»e prompt relief to in-
to la, falling; memory and th« waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vi(»or and potency to every func-
I tion. Brace up the system. Give j*P~»u bloom to the
! cheeks and lustre to the eyes c' LrWT\ 3'oun^ or old.
I OnefiOc box renews vital energy.gylf J6 boxes at
«2.50 a complete t;uaranteetlrvi re T^Jslf or money re-
funded. Can bo carried in vest > **» >r pocket. Sold
everywhere or mailed In plain wrapper o.n receipt oi
i prica by THE rx:tn:tro CO., Caxton Biaj., Ciiir»f<s ill.
Bold by Owl Drug Co., £an Fran, and Oakland.
Ejfia Chlahcittr'a EnsUsh Diaau>ad Uraad.
PChlehectcr'a Easllsh Dlamoad Brand.
ENNYROYAI PILLS
H -<S^V Original and Only Genuine. ▲
r y\/*r\ «»rc, »lway« reliable, laoics uk A\
A<7l_lMMa Drossl't for CMch'sttr* I*i!isl% Via-Af\\
. ht^fQjm^moiJ Stand !a Ke<* w.l ««ii m?ulUe\\«r
>v -OjJ«sboxca. sealed with bice ribbon. Take VBr
"SI 4^ "^ij 110 other. M&mi dangerous mbttitu- V
1/ ~ (JftiMiandimitatiint. At gifts, or lend
3 L^B* J3? is stamps rgr nartlsralsT*. UMw. by i ttw
\C* S3 " Relief for tcd!cs»" in letter, bj rctBTS
Jk • If Mall. KMfOO T'-^iTnoBUU. Jfaate Paper.
> "I Chl«»ic»terCheraical Co.,M«<H»ob B«aar»*
I«M by all La a] Orugsittj. I'lllL* t>A.. PA?
7!£:m**Jf*n EJ Bis Ols a non-rof*onco9
*VW'B^ remedy for Gonorrhea,
>^S,^^CCilEs^Aj Gleet, Spermaio
MaKw in I to 5 iavi.^ha Whiles, unnatnrat ilia-
tLiiji Gcar»a'."!<i ■ charges, or any inflamiaa-
1 H«!»H not to stricture. lion, irritation or ulcera-
S^—^[PrcTtata coa'.asioa. tiou of mucous mcm-
i fJSIrHEEyASSCHEMiruno. brands. >*on-a3tr:ngent.
! VmONCiNNATI.O.nB Sold by »r«Kymi«,
I \sSi3Si no A jPTii or EPnt la lalu wrapper.
h ? oxprssn. prepaid, fof
*VW.«Ss>-«rsw*S 0 M «l-W. «->r 3 l>Ott!"U, $2.75.
VsBS®a^V; V Circular *>>at on r«iuofit.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAAIIAN A BITTERS. THH
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
1 •trees th to aesutU .Cfgaca, Depot, 323 iaMkaU
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
STATE SHOW
OPENS WITH
A PARADE
Merchants Turn Out
in Numbers.
MANY HANDSOME FLOATS
LIVELY APPEARANCE OF THE
CITY STREETS.
City Officials and Depai cments. Com
mercial Organizations and
Trades Unions in
Line.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
F 90S Broadway. Nov. 11.
The State Industrial Exposition will
open at the exposition building to-mor
row. This evening 1 there was a trade and
labor parade on the streets participated
In by local manufacturers, merchants
and producers, and also by some of the
-political clubs.
The parade was in charge of Grand
Marshal A. H. Breed, with John Mitchell
for chief of staff. The following: promi
nent citizens were the aids: William B.
Prinze. Clarence Orowell. Abe P. Leach,
P. M. Fisher, Marston Campbell, George
W. Hoguet, C. K. King, Charles E. Snook,
Kay Baker, Warren M. English. Arthur
K. Wilson, A. S. McDonald. George F.
Xeece, J. W. Laymance, Robert M. Price,
W. V. Harrington, M. D. Hyde, Ed. G.
Vlnzent, W. 11. Dickenson, L.. A. Steph
enson.
Prominent in the parade were some of
the floats of Oakland merchants. Many
firms and breweries sent a dozen deco
orated wagons, and, with red fire, fire
works and music, the streets presented a
lively appearance for over an hour.
One of the features of the parade was
the Oakland Typographical Union, the
men of which marched as an escort to
the ladies in carriages. Several large
concerns from San Francisco sent over
delegations and also had exhibits at the
fair.
In addition to many floats the Fire De
partment, gayly decorated, turned out,
the Police Department led the procession,
and all the city officials and Supervisors,
members of the Merchants' Exchange
and Board of Trade were in carriages.
The trades unions and labor organiza
tions made a good .showing, and one of
the most interesting divisions was that
of the cycling clubs. The Acme and Re
liance, which made such a splendid show
ing in the Market-street parade in San
Francisco, repeated their success to
night.
The interior of the exposition is being
rapidly completed, and by Monday nearly
all the exhibits will be complete. The
programme for the first week is as fol
lows:
Saturday. November 12, has been named
Jubilee 'lay. November 14. Press Club day;
15th. Woodmen, California Producers' and Mili
tary day; 16th, Scotch day; 17th. Irisll day;
l.'th. Cyclists' and Floral day; mh. Children's
day.
Under the direction of William J. Mc-
Coy. the exposition orchestra will give a
concert each afternoon and evening.
CONTEST OVER A GIRL.
Craigie Sharp Appointed Guardian of
Ida Francis.
OAKLAND. Nov. H.— There was quite
a contest over the appointment of
a guardian for Miss Ida Francis,
In Judge Ellsworth's court this after
noon. The pirl is 16 years of a.ge,
and her parents, who reside on Central
avenue near Webster street, Alameda,
tried very hard to retain guardianship of
her. The girl, however, went on the wit
ness stand and testified that she had been
most cruelly treated by her mother.
"I refused to live with my parents any
more." said she, "because my mother
•would beat me terribly. My parents were
cruel to me. Why they would just as
leave kill you as not."
At least a dozen witnesses were exam
ined aa to the good character and fitness
of Mr. and Air?. Francis, to retain posses
sion of their daughter, but all this proved
of no avail, for lnte in the afternoon
Judge Ellsworth appointed Craigle Sharp
as guardian, at the request of the girl
herself.
Alameda County's Cash.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— Supervisor Tal
cott. Auditor Whidden and Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Church hast just counted
the county's cash, and there appears a
considerable increase. When last counted,
r 5, there was in the treasury
$160,254. Since then there has been re
ceived $151,847 61, against expenditures ag
gregating $48,961 44. The balance, which
should be on hand therefore is $272,140 17.
This tallies exactly with the amount ac
tually in the treasury. This avm is rep
resents! by tli" following deposits: United
States go;.: . 285; gold notes, $1560;
silver coin, $849 1G; deposit in Central
Bank. 542,%7 34; T'nion National Bank,
$89,137 04; First National Bank, J34.851 S8;
Controller's warrants. $1509 75.
Water-Front Case Closed.
OAKLAND. Nov. UL— The famous Oak
land water front suit closed for the sec
ond time this afternoon. It is perhaps one |
of the X'"'-:i r e.st suits of its kind ev.gr heard
end tried in the United States, and while
particularly noted for its dryness and the
Uninteresting labyrinth of complications, ■
a favorable decision to plaintiff will mean |
a great d<-al to the city of Oakland, as the i
title to most of the marsh land and the I
city's water front is involved. Judge Og- I
den, before whom the case was tried, has |
given each side twenty deays in which to j
prepare briefs and ten to answer. Then i
the case will be argued.
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— Amended articles
of incorporation were tiled by Christ
Church (ProtcstaJit Episcopal). Alameda,
to-day. The original articles were filed in
September. .
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Nov. Judge Ellsworth
to-day denied the motion of Attorney
Nusbaumer to set aside the indictment
against Constable H. W. yon Kapff, while
the hearing of the demurrer was con
tinued for one week.
The football same at Central Park, San
Francisco, next Saturday afternoon will
be between the St. Mary's College of tnis
city and the Santa Clara College teams.
A well attended vocal and instrumental
entertainment was given at St. Francis
do Sales Hall this evening: for the benefit
of Sacred Heart Parish, at which Rev. M.
P. Scanlan delivered an address.
The Southern Pacific Company is en
deavoring to make arrangements whereby
much of the rush work, which was
stopped on account of the big blaze at
their Sacramento shops, will be- done at
the West Oakland yards.
The Reliance Club has arranged for
two good boxing contests for Thursday,
November 17. between George Gates of
Alameda and Franz Schuler in an eight
round go; and Al Weil and Arthur Wal
ker of Australia.
The proceeds of "Catholic Ladles' Aid
Society night" at Father Ring's fair next
Monday night will be given to the fund of
the Immaculate Conception Church.
In all probability Officer Chase, who has
been on the local police force for over
twenty years, will be retired on a pension'
at the next meeting of Board of Police
and Fire Commissioners. Special Officer
Harry Gilbert has been mentioned as his
most probable successor.
Charles 80110 Peters writes about
Alexander Harrison, the famous
American painter, in next Sunday's
Call.
A TEST CASE
OVER MELROSE
EXPLOSION
A Corporation Sues
the Powder Works.
FIRST OF ITS KIND FILED
THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY ASKS
HEAVY DAIIAGES.
Hundreds of Suits Will Depend Upon
the Outcome, as Many Homes
Were Likewise Demol
ished.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Nov. 11.
The question of liability of the Western
Fuse and Explosive Company for the
damage ' n private property on account of
tho Melrose explosion will now be tested
in the courts, through a suit filed this
afternoon in the Superior Court by the
San Francisco Theological Seminary, a
corporation.
According: to the complaint filed by At
torneys Williamson and Livingston Jenks.
the plaintiff owned a two-story frame
dwelling and barn on Clark street, near
B street, Melrose, which on July 19, 1898,
was "shattered, overthrown, demolished
and destroyed" by an explosion on the
premises of defendant corporation, where
by plaintiff was injured and sustained
damages in the sum of $5000.
The complaint also sets forth that at
the time of the terrible explosion the
Western Fuse and Explosive Company
was engaged in the business of manufac
turing, storing and selling dynamite,
nitro-glyeerir.e, gunpowder, fuse a.nd oth
er explosives in the town of Melrose, in
: roximity to and within 100 yards
of plaintiffs dwelling, and in a thickly
settled and populous neighborhood. And
that tht 1 defendant negligently and care
lessly conducted said business, whereby
an .'xplosion occurred upon the premises
last July.
The horrible details of the explosion,
when liK'lu human beings were hurled
into eternity and nearly 1100,000 worth of
private proper^ destroyed, are still fresh
in tho memory 'of the public.
H- cently the Melrose Protective Asso
ciation whs organized for the purpose of
prosecuting a test Bult for damages
against the fuse company, and Nusbaum
er i'c Reed were retained as attorni ys, but
no legal proceedings were commenced, and
the present suit will now serve as a test
case.
CYCLIST'S NARROW
ESCAPE FROM DEATH
WAS SPEEDING TOWABD A
LIVE ELECTRIC WIRE.
Two Memoers of One Family Exposed
to Danger at the Same
Spot.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Nov. 11.
The fearful tragedy that occurred in
Alameda a few weeks ago when a live
electric wire instantly killed a woman
was nearly repeated last night on Tele
graph avenue. Edwin DeGolia, an insur
ance man of San Francisco, was speeding
to his home on his wheel, when he heird
a shout from another bicyclist to (Un
mount instantly. Mr. DeGolia at first
thought he was to be held up by a high
wayman on a wheel, but this illusion was
soon dispelled when he saw a live wire
lying on the track sputtering out bright
sparks and showing that it was highly
charged.
DeGolia dismounted just in time to avoid
certain death, for it would have fteen ab
solutely impossible for him to have es
caped alive had the metal portion of his
wheel come in contact with the deadly
wire.
The wire was repaired, and to-day an
other member of the same family. Attor
ney Darwin C. DeGolia, had just as o.ir
row an escape at the same spot. While
Attorney DeGolia was riding down to his
office the wire again broke and fell just
twenty feet ahead of his wheel. He saw
the danger and managed to steer clear of
it. although in doing so he grazed his
wheel against an electric car. He was
not hurt by the collision.
Justice "Watson Injured.
OAKLAND, Nov. 11.— Justice John Wes
ton of Walnut Creek Township was seri
ously injured to-day by being thrown
from his cart near Hager's stables, oppo
site Shattuck avenue, Temescal. His
horse had become frightened and dashed
down the street, the rig iinally colliding
with a telegraph pole. The injured man
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and
his condition is believed critical. Blood
has been flowing freely from the right
i ar, indicating a hemorrhage In the head.
There is also a serious and ugly gash on
the back of the head.
Funeral of Bobert Conway.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 11.— The funeral of the
late Robert Conway, whose death was
caused by a fall from a train, took place
this morning. The services were conduct
ed at St. Joseph's Church by Rev. Father
O'Connor. Alameda Parlor, N. S. G. \V.,
attended in a body, as well as many em
ployes of the South Pacific Coast Rail
road. There were many handsome floral
pieces. Conductors Fielding and Sam
Davis were honorary pallbearers. The
casket bearers were T. R. Hansen, A. V.
Fisher, Conductor James Case, Judge A.
F. St. Sure and Charles Nelson.
An Instructor Stops r. Fire.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— But for the
timely presence of Dr. R. S. Norris, In
structor in the cr" >TV nstry department of
the University of California, the large
chemistry building on the college campus
v uui'i have gone up in flames. It appears
that one of the students in tne sophomore
laboratory had carelessly thrown into his
iocker a piece of not asbestos on top of a
rag saturated with oil. Late last night
ihe material took fire and th" flames
spread to the woodwork of the laboratory
desks. By chance Dr. Norris happened
to pass by the buiimng, and noticing tne
smail blaze inside hastened within and
extinguished it. But slight damage was
done.
Unitarians Elect Trustees.
BERKELEY. Nov. 11.— The congrega
tion of the Unitarian Church held its an
nual meeting last night in the now
church building, on the corner of Dana
street and Bancroft way. Trustee* for the
ensuing year were elected as follows:
W. H. Payson (chairman), Professor Wll
liii.ni Carey Jones, E. S. Gray, S. N.
WyckofC. W. P. Mcßae, J. S. Bunnell and
Edwin Bonnell. The new editlce is to be
completed by next Sunday, November 13,
wh»>n public worship will be held in it for
the first time. The church will be for
mally dedicated the Sunday following.
Kenney Wants a Salary.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— A petition will
oe presented to the Board of Trustees at
their next regular meeting asking that
the chief of the Fire Department be made
into a salaried office. The present head
of the department. James Kenney, has
now served for a long time without re
muneration, and as the position necessi
tates constant attention and care on his
part, the residents of the cltv fe.el that
some compensation is due. The petition
has already received a very liberal num
ber of signatures.
How Dewey beat the British In
next Sunday's Call.
THE SAST FRANCISCO CAL.!L, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1898.
SHE DID NOT
GIVE HIM BACK
HIS DIAMONDS
Charges Against Miss
Bissell.
SHE RAN OFF WITH PLEDGES
QUEER STORY OF ATWOOD'S
HOUSEKEEPER.
Bedecked With Gold and Diamonds,
She Took Flight From Her
Sacramento Domicile to
Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 11.
If ever the fondest affection, nursed In
the fields of dalliance, existed hetween J.
B. Atwood of Sacramento and Bernlce
Blssell, alias Alice Brannan, things have
mightily changed since then, judging from
the revelations of a queer category of
charges preferred by the former against
the latter in a suit commenced to-day in
the Superior Court of Alamcda County.
From a careful reading of the complaint
filed by Attorneys Pipher & Holl of the
Capitol City, on behalf of Atwood it would
appear that the latter is the proprietor of
a store tha portals of which are graced
by three gilded balls. And it Is sug
gestive of an intimation at least, that At
wood showered many golden and diamond
trinkets upon his fair housekeeper.
The complaint alleges that until a month
ago the cruel Bernlce was employed as
housekeeper by plaintiff, and was trusted
by him, but she fled suddenly one day,
and with her went gold earrings, a lady's
gold watch, a bracelet hung with 12 50
gold pieces, a band ring, a solitaire and
cluster diamond rings, etc., all of which
the complaint sets forth were tortlnusly
and wrongfully held, and were pledges
as security for the repayment of money
loaned by him to various persons in divers
sums.
Plaintiff had In due legal form asked
his fair housekeeper t<> give him back
his gold, but she refused and Is now re-
Biding In this city. He brings no crimi
nal charge against defendant, but prays
for the recovery of his golden trinkets
and $10) damn go?.
The caso, should it ever come to trial,
will prove a most spicy morsel for the
sensation monger.
BOULDERS WRECK A ROOF.
A Blast at the Laundry Farm Quar
ries Creates Havoc in the
Vicinity.
ATvAMKDA. Nov. 11.— The roof of a
house on the Fritz P>oohmer ranch on the
Redwood Canyon road, was stove In last
night by a shower of boulders. The house
is occupied by one of the ranch hands and
Ills family nnd were it not for the fact
that They were downstairs some member
would have been seriously injured. The
rocks and boulders were scattered over the
Boehmer ranch by a terrific blast at the
rock quarry, which is about 1000 feet from
the Boehmer place on the opposite side
of Laundry Farm Canyon.
Ont! mass of rock struck the roof of the
farm house, crushing it into kindling
wood and passing through the ceiling
into the sleeping rooms in the upper story.
I'laster and laths were scattered all over
the rooms and much of the furniture was
wrecked.
The occupants of the house were aston
ishf-d when the boulders came through
the roof, and thought their homo bad
been struck by a meteor. One of the
rocks weighed over lf>o pounds.
WORKMEN UNEARTH
A BOX OF DYNAMITE
SUPPOSED TO BE A RELIC OF
THE KAILROAD STRIKE.
Deadly Stuff Nearly Exploded by the
Pick of a Street Department
Employe.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 11.— George Smith and
James Cavanaugh, employes of the Street
Department, unearthed a box of dyna
mite yesterday afternoon near the north
erly approach to the Bay Farm Island
bridge. If it had not been for the fact
that Smith had had experience in han
dling the explosive, the chances are the
two men would have been blown into
eternity.
The men were leveling off a sand dune
wnen Cavanaugh's shovel struck some
thing that refused to yield. The sand
was cleared away exposing an old fruit
box crumbling with decay. Cavanaugh
drove his pick into the end of it to pull it
out of the way. The pick easily passed
through the box, but grazed something
underneath. Further investigation un
earthed a smaller box under the old fruit
ca. u (:.
As soon as Smith saw It he shouted a
warning to his companion. There had
been a label on the outside of the box,
but all save the word dynamite had been
obliterated. The box was removed with
the utmost care and opened with the
greatest precaution. When the lid was re
moved thirty-two sticks of dynamite
were exposed. The explosive was dumped
into San Leandro Bay.
Various theories are advanced to ac
count for the presence of the box of
dynamite. The police are Inclined to be
lieve that it is a relic of the railroad
strike of 1893. The narrow gauge rail
road bridge over San LeanUro Bay is but
a short distance away. The strikers
made considerable demonstration in the
vicinity of where the dynamite was un
earthed, yesterday, and during- the time
of the trouble information reacheu the
officials that an effort was to be made to
blow up the, bridge. It was Immediately
patrolled by a strong guard, both day and
night, and It is presumed the striker's had
no opportunity to carry out their terrible
plans.
Another theory is that the stuff was
buried by Chinese fishermen, who used to
carry on the unlawful method of catching
i;sh by discharging dynamite In the
water. While it was evident that the box
had been underground for several years,
its contents were In a perfect state of
preservation, and would undoubtedly have
made themselves felt if Cavanaugh's
pick had disturbed them.
Returned From Kotzebue.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 11.— F. E. Brow, form
erly engaged in business in this city, ar
rived here Saturday from an eventful trip
to Kotzebuo Sound. He says in all of his
party's explorations, which were very ex
tensive, only colors were found and no
gold was secured. Many of the prospec
tors were glad to sell their outfits lor suf
ficient to pay their passage back to civili
zation. Five members of Mr, Brow's party
lost their lives by the swamping of a
small boat in Hoffman Inlet.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 11.— Alameda Lodge
No. 49. Knights of Pythias, celebrated the
twentieth anniversary of the lodge at Odd
Fellows' Hall this evening. There was
a banquet, followed by speeches appro
priate to the occasion.
Rev. W. E. Banner man, a returned mis
sionary from Equatorial Africa, lectured
this evening before the members of the
Young Men's Club. His subject was
"Life Among Pygmies and Cannibals."
Sheriff-elect Oscar Rogers has received
the following letter from Sheriff White:
"Allow me to extend to you my congrat
ulations, and also inform you that I did
all I could honorably for your competitor;
but the battle is over, and the courtesies
and privileges of the office are at your
disposal."
SOCIETY FALLS
OUT OVER A
STATELY ELM
Mrs. Gifford Writes to
the Council.
NOT A NEIGHBORHOOD ROW
MR, STONE'S TREE SAID TO BE A
SOURCE OF DAMAGE.
The Lady and Her Friends and Mr.
Stone and His Friends Will
Argue Before the City
Fathers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 11.
In an aristocratic portion of the city
an old elm tree has long been a bone of
contention. It lias now oecome a matter
to be Judicially determined as to whether
it shall be allowed to grow or be cut
down.
This fine old elm Is in front of the resi
dence of E. P. Stone. He has for a neigh
bor Mrs. W. M. Gifford, and Mrs. Gifford
declares that Mr. Stone's elm is destroy
ing her sidewalk, paralyzing the growth
of her lawn and doing various oth<-r ob
noxiour. things. City Clerk 'IVmpkina ha*
received from the lady the following loi
ter, directed to the City Council:
Not belne satisfied with the disposal of a
communication sent by myself to your honor
able body, dated August 22, IS9S, i would again
ask that action be taken In regard to the re
moval of a tree that Is destroying my prop
erty.
1 have been told by members of the Council
that the reason given for not removing the tree
Is that It was simply a neighborhood quarrel,
and that there was no great damage done. 1
know we are living In a wonderful age, but
I was not aware that a neighborhood quarrel
(of the existence of which I am in ignorance)
could cause the roots of a. tree to destroy side
walks and cover lawns. Therefore I would
again most respectfully petition that action be
taken In the removal of, said tree, believing If
you are able to demand of the property-owners
that street*, sewers and sidewalks be repaired
you are authorized to protect such property
when i>etitloned to do so by said property
owners.
Awaiting your reply. I am. very respectfully,
MBS. W. '.:. OIJTORD.
On file with the City Council is another
petition asking that the old elm tree be
allowed to grow in peace. The Street Su
perintendent has officially examined the
roots of the tree and has reported that
some of the roots have been cut, but that
they had not died. Mr. Stone has in
formed the Street Superintendent that
rather than let the city's woodman fell his
tree he would pay for any damage to
Mrs. GMfford's sidewalk or to her lawn
just as orten as she mfsht desire it.
Councilman Woodward believes the tree
should be cut down. It is in his ward,
and he says that it has injured Mrs. Gif
ford's sewer. The Council has decided to
hold a "tree night" and all the patlea in
volved in this aristocratic controversy
will appear before the city fathers and
show cause why the tree should and
should not be cut down. During the past
few years there have been several con
troversies over trees, and the general pol
icy of the Council has" been to preserve
all trees except where it can be definitely
shown they are doing positive damage.
VISITING VETERANS.
A Fraternal Call Upon the Ladies of
Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— There was a !
fraternal meeting of the ladles of the Wo
man's Relief Corps and the Ladles of the
Revolution of Berkeley and the veterans
of the G. A. R. last evening in Shattuck
Hall. The quests of honor were Sol j
Calm, commander of the Department of j
California and Nevada, Major J. H. Simp- i
son, his chief of staff, and Lieutenant C.
R. McChave, Second United State Infan- ;
try, who has just returned from the cam
paign before Santiago.
Major Simpson -delivered the address of i
the evening, his remarks being a com
mentary on the growth of the republic
from the settlement of the fust colonies
to the acquisition of Hawaii by the wish
of its people, and of Porto Rico and the
Philippines by conquest.
After a delightful programme of music
and recitations had been rendered, a sup
per was served and then dancing was the
order of the evening. There were pres
ent about seventy-live veterans, besides j
the ladies and other visitors.
Verdict of Heart Disease.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— The inquest held
this morning over the body of Benjamin
F. Ingals, who was found dead in h/
room yesterday, resulted in a verdict thai
death was due to heart disease. Dr. (}.
B. Honpland conducted the autopsy, pend
ing in the report, which the jury adopted.
The funeral was held this afternoon. Rev.
F. H. Robinson of the West Berkeley
Presbyterian Church officiating:.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Nov. 11.— President E. V.
Decoto of the junior class of the Univer
sity of California has appointed R. S.
Haseltine, J. V. Mendenhall. luiss Bet
tomes, R. \V. Slmonds and Miss Henley
as the committee in charge of the junior
promenade, to be givennext junior day.
The ladles of St. Mark's Episcopal
Church on Bancroft way are preparing
for a bazaar, to be held in Stiles Hall
on the afternoon and evening of Novem
ber 22.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M J Wright, Sacto M s John^nn «-*«„«.
W R Pond. Woodland Mrs T Wheel?? r T
G H Burnham. Cal B P McCuHoueh PH* i
D M Dysart, Iceland D'jacks Ca '
J Thompson, Eureka H E Barber stoc , kton
Miss Klnnicutt, Oregon q X Pi/.ri £ oktoo kto . n
Rope Ellliursen. Or £ Moore rvim' SaCt °
S Hodgkinson, Reno V fS" m ?r a "
J M Brown. Eureka 4 J <j U ..? N
C E Tlnkham, Chico fJt i^ W S £ at o le
S Reinhart&w, L Ang £ C n L £^ r ' i CrUZ
T >i Crew Chi on ° E D Severs. Cal
F A Rantile, Chicago I ? *' T ? tevv ' art - £ al ,
H Morrison &w, Ky "J Harmon Yreka
C G Bartlett, Mich £ £ ree J\ P , e t talum 1 a
J C King?. Boston G Crystal, Vacavllle
Mrs Martin. S Rosa |*Jr» *l otts - Jamestown
Mrs StrlenlnK. S Rosa | M , 2, Potts - Jamestown
Mrs I'.riKKS, Holllster | w W I'ouslas. Sacto '
Miss Brink, Holllster ** H Walker, Willows
Miss Ipswltch, Cal Mrs.Gerber, Sacto
D Bryant&w, S Rosa Ml?s Melss. Sacto
D Donaldson, L, Ans - T X Terry & s Sacto
W E Duncan. Towle H I Seymour, Sacto
C Pendleton, L. Ang C Brownlee. S Jose
Mrs Ogden, Sonora <- S Josselyn, Mass
F Richardson. 8 Berdo Mrs Ipsw*tcn, Cal
PALACE HOTEL,.
J McFadden. S Ana T Abbott. Tacrnna
R Egan, Los Ang H PllltnberK. Baltmre
D T Ames, N V Mrs Sweeney, Spokane
Mr Samuels, Mexico E.l Lyons, Portland
Mrs Samuels, Mexico Mrs E J Lyons. Port
E W Clayton. R Jose F Carolan. Burlinsame
'• F Fcott, NY L Parker & w. Cal
c W Thompson, L Ang G II Clarke, Lincoln
J J'ollok S Diego J Perkins, Indianapolis
F Pnulle, Brooklyn U S Grant Jr, S Diego
G F York. Minn ■ |C II Willis, Clncln
Mrs G F York, Minn ! Master Willis, Clncln
Mrs T I? Barber, N V' E Curtis. N V
Master and Miss Bar- R X Carter, N V
ber, NY I F Webster, Colo
H Johnson, N V
BALDWIN HOTF.L.
Mrs. N Morris, Tex 1^ Ferhcr, San Jose
Miss M Duncan. Tex V Wetherby, Boston
Mrs Ranyon & d.Cal IP E Radcliffe, USV
W II Jackson. Omaha 111 Ketehum, Sacto
C L Heller. Napa G G Grant, Ft Point
C r? Hamilton. FresnoiT J Duffy, S Rafael
H R Jacobs, Cal J Ginsberg. Sacto
Mrs Solomandfe?. IdnholE Botsford &w, X V
Mrs A Cohen &d, Calj Harry Lncy, S V
Miss B Cohen, Idaho! Gen Mullor, Chicago
John Smith, Petaluma' J T Grant, Oakland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J D Hooper, ftah jW E Garber. Or
J Reamer, Stockton I.T A Freeborg, Or
J X Sutton. Buffalo IT Johnson, Or
C L Reynolds. Lathrop'H S Swanson Or
C E Parkes, San Joae S M Folon. Seattle
Mrs Mitchell, Llvermr N Van Kleet, Or
E L Shadboldt. L Ang J 8 Brant. Sacto
R Pflefer & w. Colo J J O'Keefe, L Ang
M Garcia & w. Oakdle A R Frantz. Fresno
D A rtorerly, Honolulu ! P Rice, Arl«
P A Hughes, Or i
SCHOOL BOARD
ORDERS DEBTS
TO BE SETTLED
Overlooks the Lack of
Money.
A FINANCIAL HOCUS-POCUS
CBEDITOBS MT7ST RECKON WITH
THE AUDITOR
The Queer Board Has Allowed Bills
for Eifty Thousand Dollars
While It Is Practically
Bankrupt.
The Board of Education, at an ad
journed meeting held last night, decided
to pay Its debts.
The conclusion was not reached, how
ever, without much dJscussion and many
misgivings. Some of the members of the
board thought that the procedure was un
wise, inasmuch as the aforesaid debts
were but dimly outlined in the report of
the finance committee and were therefore
imperfectly understood. Director Head
made the most pronounced kick:
"I understand," said he, "that there Is
a possibility that the bondsmen of the
members of this board will be held re
sponsible for the extravagances which
have marked the last two years. The
Grand Jury is investigating the bills of
the Board of Education and it is unwise
at this time, to act upon the accounts.
In the past, members of the School Board
have acted as though they were ac
countable to no one for their official acts.
Th y have carried things with a high
hand. .Bills have uten held back for many
months, of which the board knew noth
ing. Hire to-night the tinance commit
tee comes In with a formidable report,
giving a list of hundreds ..f debts which
it is alleged that the Board of Kducation
is responsible for. I don't know when
these debts were contracted, whether the
supplies wt re purchased this year or last
year. There is a niugnilicent jumble of
big bills and little bills. I ven
ture the assertion that there never
was before in the history of
Han Francisco Buch a remarkable finan
cial report handed in to any public board.
We are asked to vote to pass a thou
sand hills at once of which we know
absolutely nothing. I have heard that
some of the accounts represented in the
list were, Indeed, contracted last year and
the courts have held repeatedly that the
bills of one year shall not bo paid out
of the appropriation for another year.
while 1 was a member of the supply
committee of this hoard T never had a
word t" say about the supplies purchased.
The chairman ignored the "ther members
of the committee. It has become a habit
for the chairmen of the supply commit
tee and the buildings and grounds com
mittee to buy thousands of dollars'
worth of material without consulting the
board at aIL The system is wrong and
1 ph-ill vote against the resolution to pay
all of t.iis mass of bills in a bunch."
l resident Harrington stated that the
City and County Auditor would sefiise to
pay any more bills than the law permits
under the one-twelfth act. Dr. Ragan in
sis ed that the bills should all be paid.
The money was duo the merchants of
this city. Carew held the same view.
When the final vote was taken on the
question of paying all of the debts of the
board, aggregating Jih.'jTi. 1 ?. there were four
votes agalnsi the measure, viz., those of
President Harrington, Head, Hammond
and Derham. It was declared carried,
bowever, by seven votes.
Included in the list of debts presented
to the board last night were items for
school furniture aggregating over $7000
and another Item of $11,980 for a school
lot in Noe Valley district. It is under
stood that there will be a shortage of
$35,000 to $40,000 in the funds available for
paying these bills.
Miss f:. Orookham was transferred from
the Monroe Primary to a class in Han
cook School. A new class was formed in
the Fremont School. Miss N. Gambitz
was transferred from AVebster Primary to
Fremont School. Miss Roberts of the un
assigned class was given a class in John
Swett Grammar School.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
LEGISLATOR TO CAUCUS
Seek to Obtain Concerted Action on
Questions Affecting Their
District.
I,OS ANGELES. Nov. 11.— A caucus of
members of the Legislature elected in the
six counties of Southern California is to
be held shortly In this city for the pur
pose, ostensibly, of agreeing upon some
plan whereby concerted action may be
obtained at the next session on all meas
ures affecting Southern California. San
Diego County has a normal school and
Los Angeles has a similar institution.
San Bernardino County has Highland
Asylum and Los Angeles County has
Whlttier State School. The idea is to ob
tain as much consideration at the hands
of the Legislature for these institutions
as possible.
L. H. Valentine, who has been re-elect
ed from the Seventy-fourth Assembly
District by an increased plurality, is an
ay uved candidate for speaker of that
body. His friends will make an effort to
boom his candidacy for the speakership
\s ! eh tli- 1 caucus is convened.
There probably will be some little clash
of Senatorial interests. Seven Republican
members elected from Los Angeles Coun
ty are instructed for Bulla. U. S. Grant
Jr. has three votes from San Diego Coun
ty. When the caucus shall have been
convened there probably will be an ef
fort made by these two Senatorial candi
dates and their friends to bring into their
respective folds such Assemblymen and
Senators as may be willing to pledge
themselves for a few ballots on the Sen
atorship. The caucus will be held in the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce in
this city.
To-morrow evening the Columbia Club
will tender a non-partisan reception to
Henry T. Gage, Governor-elect; Tirey L.
Ford, Attorney General-elect, and Judge
Walter Van Dj-ke, Associate Justice
elect. Citizens of Los Angeles have been,
invited, regardless of political affiliations.
The affair will be informal, but arrange
ments have been perfected to entertain
large numbers of people.
ELECTION FRAUDS IN
SANTA CLARA COUNTY
Good Government League Will Prose
cute Those Who Are
Deemed Guilty.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 11.— The returns show
th-it L-angford (Rea Republican) is elected
Sheriff over James H. Lyndon by 151
votes, but the latter's friends claim he
has been "counted out." It is alleged tnat
in one precinct thirty-five Bollinger votes
were counted for L.angford and in other
places similar irregularities have been
noted. J. W. Gas 3 has been elected City
Justice over W. T. Aggeler by twenty
four votes, and in his case the same
charges are made.
The Republican Good Government
League will begin a contest to seat J. H.
Lj in.on as Sheriff and Aggeler as City
Justice. The vote for City Attorney and
for Supervisor in the First District will
be recounted. • It is claimed gross frauds
were perpetrated in an attempt to elect B.
A. Herrington Dis'rict Attorney and
George E. Rea, a brother of "Jim" Rea,
Supervisor. There seem 3to be abundant
proof at hand to substantiate the charges.
Citizens from all over the county have
volunteered their services and hundreds bt
dollars have been subscribed to defray
the expense of a recount. The league is
determined to punish election officers found
guilty of crookedness and steps looking to
that end are about to be taken.
Will Celebrate the Victory.
ALAMEDA, Nov. IL— The Young Men's
Republican Club of West Alameda, which
played a prominent part In the late cam
paign will have a big jollification meeting
Saturday night at their wigwam, the old
Neptune Gardens. The invitations read:
' Our work is done, our battle won! and
you are asked to be present at our wig
wam Saturday, November 12. to join us in
our love feast and assist us in shaking
hands with ourselves."
Alleged Cattle-Thief Held.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 11.— The exam
ination of Harry Flournoy of San Ga
briel, accused of having been the organ
izer of a gang- of cattle thieves which has
operated successfully in the San Gabriel
Valley for a long time, was held before
Justice Young to-day, and he was bound
over to the Superior Court in bonds of
$2500. Romoldo Lopez, whose examination
was set for to-day and who turned State' 3
evidence implicating Flournoy, was taken
back to Jail without an examination. It
is hoped he will make a rurther confes
sion. He steadily refuses to make a
statement Implicating his brother-in
law, Aldetris, who was captured with
him.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 11.
Bark Alaska, Cogan, 36 days from Herold
Island.
Ktmr Chilkat, Anderson, 24% hours from Eu
reka.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Britan
nic, from New York.
Sailed Nov 11— ftmr Georgic. for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Araz
lnia, from Philadelphia; stmr Etruria, from
New York.
Sailed Nov 11— Stmr Canada, for Boston.
GENOA — Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Ems, from
New York; xtmr Karamania, from New York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Nov 10— Stmr Corean. for
Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA -Arrived Nov 11 — Stmr
Ncderland, from Antwerp.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr St Louis,
fr>m Southampton.
HALlFAX— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr Siberian,
from Glasgow.
NAPLES— SaiIed Nov 11— Stmr Werra, for
New York.
€AtV FRANCISCO WALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
?S7 Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
Cl 5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street ; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until » o"clock.
2526 Mission ttreet; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
CHIIKII \()TI(KS.
ST. JOHN'S Presbyterian Church, corner Call-
ferula and Octavia sts.— Dr. W. Smith
will preach Sabbath morning at 11 o'clock;
the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper will be
observed at the close of the service; Sab-
bath School at 9:45 p. m. ; Christian En-
<Jn\or. 6:30 d. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, ts^milUiii
I. O. O. P.— THIS KVKNl.N'U.^ra^
Second degree will be conferred. : riss'<S£-"SF
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M. <^/lt^-
A FINJVL meeting of the general committee of
the Richter benefit will be held on SATUR-
DAY, November 12. 18SS. at L' p. m., room 2.
third .floor. Mills building.
COLONEL WM. MACDONALD, Chairman.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from George W. Allen and E. P.
Thomas, in* the Hangman's Gulch mine, near
Placervllle, El Dorado County, to deposit
tailings in Hangman's ravine; from Sam B.
Lusk and J. J. Millar. In the Sampson min-
ing claim, in Gold Lake mining district. Si-
erra County, to deposit tailings in a ravine
below the mine; from E. Reynolds and F.
Carter, In the Morristown mine, near Port
Wine, Sierra County, to deposit tailings in
west branch of Little Canyon Creek; from
George D. B. Meyers, In the Myers placer
mine, near Placerville, El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings in Johnson's North Can-
yon; and from Frank and Antone Leveronl,
In, the Corsica mine, near Sierra City, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in eld pits, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
69, Flood building. San Francisco. Cal., on
November 28, ISSB. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting.— The. regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber. IS9S, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close •
on Thursday, November 10. IS9S, at 3 o'clock,
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— El Dorado Water and Deep
Gravel Mining Company.— l'otlce Is hereby
given that the adjourned annual meeting of i
the r.tockholders of the El Dorado Water
and Deep Gravel Mining Company will be i
held at the office of the company at Placer- '
vllle on Saturday, the twelfth (12th) day of |
November. IMC, at 7 o'clock p. m., for the i
purpose of electing a board of directors to
nerve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meetins.
A. D. HENDERSON. Secretary.
Placervllle. October 27. IS9B.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscription* taken.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BOYS' home, 417 Harrison, free evening school;
board and room, $2 50 per week.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel, 6550.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fails or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halfbt at.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 61 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta- <
tion Company will be payable at the office I
of the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
Monday, November 21, IS9B. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, November 15, 1898, at
3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMAXE.
PACIFIC Employment Office— Reliable help of
all kinds furnished. 777 Market; tel. Clay 130.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; is a plain cook and laun-
dress with many years' reference. Call in
person at 350 Preclta aye., off Folsom st.
ELDERLY woman wants position In small
family to do light housework; good home;
moderate wages; city. Call or address MRS.
REED. 821 Shotwell st.
FRENCH girl with good reference wants a
place for second work and sewing; $20; coun-
try preferred. Call or address 1312 Sixth aye..
East Oakland. • . -
YOUNG woman wants plain washlnar, win-
dows, sweeping, scrubbing or any kind of
housework; $1 a day and car fare. Address
1061 Howard st.
COMPETENT Swedieh girl wants position to
do general housework in American family;
good cook; reference. Box 1529, Call office.
POSITION for chamberwork and sewing or
sewing by the day; good reference. Call or
address MISS REVEILLON, 10% Eighth st.
WOMAN would like a situation to do general
housework; best city reference. Address 141SH
I Pacific st.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes place in a re-
fined family; city or country. Apply at 3221
Twentieth st.
LADY canvassers for something new in photo-
graphs; good pay. Apply at FOWZER'S Gal-
lery, 1148 Market st. . ■ '■ .
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes position to
do cooking; city or country. 348 Third st.
COMPETENT young woman by the day; house-
cleaning or any kind of work. Please call at
. 254 Natoma st.
HEALTHY lady wishes position as wet
nurse. 10 Miles court, below Powell.
RESPECTABLE young girl desires a situation
at upstairs work and plain sewing. 42 Oak.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and not
afraid of work, willing and obliging, would
like a situation in city or country. Address
Seattle House, 106V4 Third St. -f ,
WOMAN bookkeeper, with some knowledge of
typewriting and stenography, 'desires office
work; writes plain hand. Address box 1553,
Call office. .• ■. ; ■ '
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker will go out by the
day; ladies' suits a specialty; no children's
work: either San Francisco or Oakland. 526
Eighth St.. Oakland. . '. -
WANTED— Position as working housekeeper In
family by competent, reliable woman; coun-
try or city. Box 1554. Call office. .
COMPETENT woman, late from the East, de-
sires position ax dressmaker's assistant. Ad-
dress box 1534, Call office.. . -
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
: keeper or cook on ranch; best of references.
'. 915 Minna St.. off Tenth. . - ■.-■ ■
GIRL would like position as cook In private
family; city or country. Call or address 1226
York st. ■ ■• ' ' ■ •-■■ .
WANTED— of invalid by a hospital nurse;
city references. Box 1548,. Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
RESPECTABLE English woman wishes posi-
tion to do general housework; good cook;
best of references. 741 Minna st.
WANTED— A place as working housekeeper
by a first-class woman. 445 First st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$18 to $20. 63 Colton St., oft Brady, bet. Mar-
ket and Mission. i\ --
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes a position In
a good Protestant family as seamstress and
assist with large children; references. Box
1566, Call.
YOUNG German girl wishes situation as seo-
ond girl. Call 584 Gough St. v-
YOUNG lady living with parent wishes a situ-
ation in store. Box 1567, Call. -*:.:--:%
REFINED woman wants position as children*
nurse; first-class seamstress. Address A. 8.,
Call branch office. 615 Larkin st. _^
SITUATIONS WAATKU-iiAliE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
GARDENER wants to take charge of a gen-
tleman's private grounds; understands the
laying out of new grounds and the renova-
tion of old also; 36 years old; married; no
children; would take charge of house and
grounds in absence of family; first-class ref-
erences. Address box 1907, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as engineer: thoroughly
understands marine engines and horizontal
engines, gas engines and the running of
dynamos; 5 years last situation; good refer-
, ences. Box ISO 3, Call office.
SITUATION in grocery store or like busl-
nees; clerk or other work in small hotel or
lodging house for board and lodging; high-
est references. Address Box 1536, Call office.
YOUNG man, industrious and reliable, must
have work of some kind; handy with tools
and about machinery; will work for board.
Box 2009, Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man 21 years of age wishes to work
on a place In city or country; understands
the proper care of horses and can milk. Ad-
dress box 1903, Call office. ___^__
SITUATION by a first-class cook- in a hospital,
institution or good lunch house; has many
years' experience in all its branches. Box
1906, Call.
WANTED—By a young married man to take
charge of small winery and vineyard. Ad-
dress H. 8., 609 Post st. .
UNDERTAKER and upholsterer wants work;
all round furniture man. Apply 938 Mission.
POSITION wanted as nurse in sanitarium, hos-
pital or otherwise. Address box 1533, Call.
YOUNG Dane wishes situation as coachman;
understands good care of horses and garden;
first-class references. Address box 1547, Call.
WANTED—By a sober, industrious young man,
a position to drive a delivery wagon: Is well
acquainted with t. .« city and is good driver;
best references. Address box 1570, Call office.
STEADY man wants work; chores about house;
generally useful; used to tools; handy at
anything; references; $6 month and board.
Address box 1560.* Call office.
ADVERTISER will give $20 to any one secur-
ing employment for steady, sober, middle-
aged man; bona fide. Box 1910, Call office.
MEAT cutter, young man. 7 years' experience,
active and neat, Al references, wants steady
position. L. X. t 455 Ninth St.. Oakland.
BY young man; understands horses, cows and
garden; reference; state the wages. J. A.
MACDONALD, San Leandro. Cal.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $•
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED-
WAITRESS for first-class commercial hotel,
country, $23; 2 waitresses. Southern Califor-
nia, $22 50; special rates for fare; chamber-
maid to wait, for small country hotel. $20;
2 restaurant waitresses, $3 week. C. R. HAN-
SEN ,v CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN girl for family of 3. country. $25.
see party here, fare paid; German cook and
housegtrl for small family in city, $25; Swed-
ish housegirl for very choice place in sriH.ll
American family, $23: German or Swedish
! girl for ranch, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
1 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook for small delicacy store. $30,
sleep home. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. •
! IRONER for hotel laundry, city, $25 and board.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL for housework, 3 in family, a short dis-
tance. $25, see party here at 10 to-day; 4 sec-
ond girls, $15, $20 and $23; S cooks, private
families, $23 and i $30; ranch cook. $25, and a
large number of girls for housework in city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 3li
Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES and chambermaids, country
hotels, $20; restaurant waitress, $25; cook,
small boarding-house. $25; dishwasher. $13,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
LAUNDRESS, plain hotel, $23; 2 waitresses,
same country hotel, $20; waitress, hotel, Napa
County, $20; young girl, general housework,
ranch, $18; cooks, etc. MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
NEAT girl; light work; $15. MISS CULLEN.
MS Sutter st. .
GERMAN or Swedish housework girl: 2 in
family; 130. MISS CULLEN. ."?5 Sutter st.
WANTED — Cooks, chambermaids, waitresses,
nursegirls and girls for housework. MRS.
HIRD, 631 Larkin st. • - ■■■_■
YOUNG lady for clerk in bookstore: must bo
experienced; give references, names of for-
mer employers and state salary desired. Box
2104, Call office.
SKIRT finishers: only first class need apply.
ARMANI) CAILLEAU, corner Geary st. and
Grant aye.
EXPERIENCED finishers on ccats; good pay;
steady work. M. J. KELLER & CO., 1105-1109
Broadway. Oakland. s. . = .
EXPERIENCED tucker; also hands on mus-
lin underwear and skirts: power. ■ BAUER
BROS. & CO.. 547 Market st.
PLEASANT, profitable employment for wo-
man of education. Apply 1203% Bush st.
YOUNG girl to mind child; sleep home; $8.
1320 Sutter St.; 10. to 12.
WANTED— A respectable young nurse girl not
I under 13 years. 2100 Devlsadero St.
WANTED,— Talloress on custom coats. 254 Ellis
st.; call early.
SALESLADY for dry goods. 1221 Stockton st.
WANTED— once; lady and gent; pleasant
work: good wages; experience not necessary.
136 Sixth St.. room 2. . ' ■
YOUNG German girl for light housework and
care of children; $12 a month. 1013 Folsom st.
GIRL for light housework; plain cooking.
wages $15. 844 Halght st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker wanted. 408 Sut-
ter st.
CATHOLIC girl wanted; must be a good cook.
Apply at 852 Grove st. between 1 and 4 p. m.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady emply; embroidery taught. 546 Sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overahirta; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEV! STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont st.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister 3t.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents —
Want to-day Phone Main 5548
12 waiters, different places, $30, $23 and $*»
and found • «.
6 cooks $50, $45 and $30 and found
3 waiter boys .• $15 and found
2 boys for stores, etc $2 50 and $3 week
! Young man, grocery, city store, $15 and
found •
Tal lor, country
4 carpenters, Santa Cruz and other places,
$2 50 day
2 boys to learn trades, city $3 week
12 woodchoppers 46 tiemakers
10 farm hands, different places
Shingle packer, see boss here
Farmer and wife $30 and found, easy job
2 milkers $30 and $25 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Fryer, $40: German second cook,
$25 and room; second cook, $8 week; waiter,
$20 and room: waiter, $8 week; oyster opener,
$8 week: porters, dishwashers, bellboys, etc
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac- ■
ramento St.
WANTED— stenographer and type-
writer, American, single man, $75; boy for
store, $3 50 week: 5 coal miners. $1 ton; team-
sters, choremen and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 . Sacramento st.
WANTED— fruit farmer, single man,
with first-class references, as foreman; $500
year. . Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 613
Sacramento st.
FRENCH/second cook, $70; cook and wife or
head and second, small restaurant. $75:
butcher, $G5; butcher, country shop. $40 and
found; 2 short order cooks, $10 and $7 a
week: oysterman ,$8 a week; cook, small
country restaurant. $40: kitchen hands. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FARMER and wife, fruit and grain ranch.
$30 and found; stableman. 75c a day and
found: stableman, roadhouse, $15 and found;
20 laborers, pliers, cross cutters and swamp-
ers, $26 to $35 and board; porter and runner,
country hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO
104 Geary st. >
, PORTER. $35. MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter si* BELT WANTED— Continued.
WANTED — Waiter, nice country place, fare
advanced; ■i waiters ->r restaurant, $35;
waiter, i~ a week; boarding-house waiter, $25;
dishwasher and cook, Short orders, $30; vege-
t&bleman. $25; fireman for hotel, $25; dish-
washer for Catholic institution, $15; butcher,
restaurant, $40. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St.
It BELL boys, J2O; first and second cook, $70,
V f<>r country hotel: man an i wife or 2 men.
'" HOTEIj GAZETTE, ■>. Kearny at.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun-
day; $5. 1207 Si-ott, between Eddy and Ellis.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 91 Jack-
ton st.
BARBER from Saturday noon to Sunday noou:
>"4; brine tools. 1759 Union st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 132 ra-
■ ~™U±
BARBKEt fpr Saturday. 131 Third st.
GOOD oyster openers wanted; 7 a. m. 9 Mason
street.
FIRST-CLASS operators and tailors on jus-
lom coats. IOJ Battery st.
WANTED— Waiter OUS . i ■ aaLDT to call
at Winchester House; important.
BOYS wanted] San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works, Seventh and Townsend sts.
WANTED — Bushelrnnn; one who can make
coats. Apply 567 Market •■
WAITER wanted. 207 Second st., the Favorite
Restaurant.
WANTED— lmmediately, a bright boy for res-
' taurant. Apply early, 5 Pollt st.
YOUNG man, experienced In dry goods, and
boy. l."21 Stockton st.
STEADY barber for Saturday and Sunday. £01
Valencia st., near Sixteenth.
WANTED— First-class butler with city refer-
ences. Address box i:> 63. Call office.
"/oOOD vegetable mm wanted. IS4 Third st.
SHOES repaired while you wait: half price.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
BOY from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 246
Sutter st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third Ft.: 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
AN energetic, sober aad steady tailor with
small capital as partner in one of the best
country towns. Apply C. W. R. FORD &
CO., 116 Sutter st.
AMATEUR musicians lor social purposes. 328
Bush St.. third floor, room 4.
250 AIRS men's second-hand shoes, 23c to $1.
662 Mission St.. bet. First and Second sts.
BARBER shop running 2 chairs, clearing $20
a week, with 3 room?, furniture; will give
trial. Box 1544. Call office.
WANTED — Harness makers and stitchers.
Leibold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin st.
COAL miners wanted. Tesla Coal Company,
32S Montgomery st., San Francisco.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764% Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, lie and 25c per
night; COc. 00c and $1 per week.
- TRY LinJell House, Sixth & Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms; 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 200, 25c per night; 7,"; C, $1
10 $2 50 per wk. Icho House, 863% Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, ?2 50; im>n's
'/ soleing, 35c; only one price. 623 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13.S*; Eighth St.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Putter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, Eo4 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 2oC n;?ht. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis St.
TRY Acme House, 937 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: SI a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 25 Steuart.
\ WINCHESTER House, 44 Third --.. near Mar-
k'-t; 200 rooms, 23c night: reading-room: free
'N's and baccaee to and from th<* ferry
AGENTS WASTED.
LIVE, "n^rtrf'ti^ agents to handle good ppeclal-
ty; Ju?t in. Greater West Advertising & Nov-
p'ltv Cn.\ 17""'- Washington st.. Oakland.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in old established hay.
pram, w00,'., coil and livery business: 25
horses tTprfce $1500., part cash; sickness cause
or partner retiring. Box '•--. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED,
"WANTED— Second-hand American silver watch,
open face or hunting case. In exchange for
key-winder; cash paid fur difference in value.
Apply afu-r 2 p. m., S Hough st.
WASTED-SUSCELLASIEOI
PHOTOGRAPHIC and rra^'.'' lantern appa-
rttus: second-hand. ICO Montgomery st.
* L.UUUIAU lIOLSJLJS rOK SALK.
12 ROOMS on Market; rent $40 : «50
65-room house; cost $S000; only 3500
14-room house; transient 400
64-room house; clears $300 1400
10-room house; only 150
11 rooms: corner; clears $160 650
46-room house: corner 1200
24 rooms; clears $100 600
14 rooms on Powell st. ; new 650
22 rooms near City Hall 500
60 rooms; clears $100; only 750
10 rooms; all rented; business street 30u
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 6000.
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
$300 WILL buy a 16-room house, clears $S0
per months. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
$400— SUNNY corner; 15 rooms; worth $1000.
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— ROAD house; best In the State. DECKER^
1020 Market at.
12 ROOMS on Ellis St.; cost $2000: new fur-
niture; only $1100
30 rooms; north of Market St.; fine 1500
76 rooms: select: transient; corner 3500
28 imF; rent $56 550
37 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.... 1500
30 rooms: all new furniture 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
FUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AMD
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE &> CO., 1206 Market Bt.
A— KREDO & CO 22>,4 Geary St.
Money Advanced on AH Houses.
9 rooms; Eddy st. ; well furnished and
central; look at this $550
II rooms; I'Tarrell st. ; cost 41500; must
•■►•11 on account of departure 650
12 rooms; McAllister st.; rent $40; always
full; win clear $50 335
3S rooms: fine corner;' furniture and car-
pets all good; rent $90 1100
$225 — 20 rooms, near Market; clears $65 month-
ly; a giveaway. KREDQ & CO., 22H Geary.
? MRS. A. M. ELKINS. 927 Market St., room 410:
•phnr.e south 760 — Rooming and boarding
houses, srlvate hourep and hotels; best loca-
tions: city real estate; room renting, • fur-
nished houses, etc.: prompt and reliable: call.
CHEAP— First-class boarding house, 23 sunny
rooms; a!! modem: central location; doing
good business; Investigate. Address box 1532.
Call office.
WANTED— To buy lodging house; 25 to 35
rooms; no agents. Address box 1540, Call.
2U-ROOM lodging house: central location; doing
good business: a bargain. Box 1530, Call.
PARTY wishes to buy or sell lodging house
and other 1 jsfneM. BASILE. 73 ! ; Market Et.
FIItMTI'RE FOR SALE.
*L")C--22l 1 /a Polk, near City Hall; excellent fur-
niture of 7 rooms.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS, 622 Emma
Sprt-ckels building, 527 Market St.; charges
moderate.
ADVICE free; divorce laws: private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckela bids;.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE fr»-e:no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. '-I 7 Market St. r
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing ;j{uaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, boucht. sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 4.",.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
TYPEWRITERS.
i "ALL tpewrlters sold and rented; f«w partly
A used for sale cheap: send for samples and
Pricos. ALEXANDER &. CO., 110 Montgomery. i
A HAMMOND. $26; Caligraph, $15: Yost. $25; i
get sample work. SCOTT. 331 Montgomery »t.
I ;•■ UICYCLES. •
V SECOND-HAND bicycles from $3 up; new girls'
I wheels, $1S; new 1897 high grade $100 bfcycle
\ for $?9; new tires. $2; new pedals, $1 23 a pair;
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE. 2,th and Folsom.
FOR SALE— Ladies' bicycle. Call at 1746 Fol- I
sou st. . .*'.;■ ; { - ; •,;£.-.; 1
I
j nrsixEss chances.
I A^LIST store, property or business place j
with WILKE & UXFUG. 906 Market st.. the
Old established and reliable business agents; ;
' we have a large llet of buyers who would like
| to buy In country towns. ' ]
$550; OLD established restaurant In whole-
sale district; no Sunday or night work; a
well known and first-class paying place; a
' genuine good bargain; sickness cause or sale.
WILKE & .UXFUG. 906 Market st. __
A— ssoo; CORNER grocery and bar; established
I years; living rooms; Tent $27 50; stock worth
the money; owner must sacrifice; bougni ,
ranch. WILKE & UN FUG. 906 Market St.
$760— HALF of well paying, pleasant eommis- j
Blon business; or will trade for Al Oakland
business. Inquire WILKE & UNjH,
$375— BEST "paying bakery in lively town near
San Francisco; must be sold this ween.
WILKE & UXFUG. 906 Market St.
A— s6so; CORNER grocery and bar. with ele-
gant living rooms; low rent; first-class, pay-
: ing: sickness only compels owner to sacrifice.
WILKE & UXFUG. 306 Market st.
A— sl2oo; coal and v -.odyard; established many ,
years; doing a splendid raving business,
horse* and wasonr: lease; rent $26; death or
owner cause of sale; a genuine F>J>2_"} ve 2£
ment. Particulars WILKE & UNFUG. 906
Market st. ' .
$375— BAKERY and confectionery; first-class
business; splendid store trade; trial given, a
bargain for somebody. Inquire Wll-Ki^ «
UXFUG. SO6 Market st. _____——
A— WE have buyers to invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell five us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$250— PARTNER wanted In beer bottling busi-
ness; have over 300 customers; fine horses,
wagons, etc. ; sure to clear $75 per month to
each. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$250— SALOON on Market St.; clears V? per
month easy; must be sold this week on ac- ,
count of departure: cheap at $600; never- sucn
bargain offered. National Agency. . Grant ay. |
$175; delicacy store; 8 living rooms; cheap .
rent; well fitted up; selling account slcKnesa.
National Business Ex., 7 Grant aye.
! $200— COR. saloon: clears $50 month; a snap. |
! $225— grocery and bar; clears $.» month. I
; $2. ,0— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clear $i>o mo. ,
1175— Branch bakery: Market St.: rent $10.
Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
BRANCH bakery; pays well; big bargain.
National Business Agency. 7 Grant * v^____ |
11000— SALOON; one <■: the beat locations in
city; dolns a good business: fine fixtures;
good bar trade. M. LESS A: CO.. 765 Market.
$175— PARTNER wanted in old established sa-
loon situated In good locality; fine fixtures;
good stork; everything In first-class order;
see this at onoe. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market, j
CORNER grocery and bar north of Mar-
ket st ■ established for 30 years; horses and j
wagon. LESS & CO.. 765 Market St.
|500-^-SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms; between shops and factories;
part cash; see this at once. LESS & CO..
765 Market st.
A— s2ooo; HOUSE, 50 rooms, finely furnished;
splendid location for business; biggest bar-
pun in city. S. H. GOULD & CO., succes- ,
sors to George Stewart & Co., 632 Market st.
A— s2so ; PARTNER wanted in old-established,
well-located brokerage business; investigate
this for your profit. GOULD & CO., 632
Market St.
A— s!*so; CANDY, stationery, notions and ape-
I cialties; line stock; splendid location; big
I trade; close Investigation. GOULD * CO.,
I 632 Market St. ____^__
A— s7so; FINE business in close-by, live town,
paying $150 per month;, thorough Investigation
solicited. GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
A FEW of STENBERG CO. BARGAINS:
$800— Partner; livery stable.
$250— Delicacy store.
$900 — Fine corner saloon.
— Partner; paying restaurant.
$600— Cigar store; full value in stock.
$1000— Partner in auction house.
$160— Oyster grotto; rent $15; a snap.
We sell and exchange real estate
and business places of all kinds
STENBERG CO.. 264 Kearny st.
KREDO & CO 224 Geary st.
$450 — Fine saloon: 10 nicely furnished rooms;
only $20 rent: a snap.
$250— Branch bakery and school supplies;
Just opposite - schools; nice living rooms.
$200— Cigar stand; cheap rent; will clear $73
month: look at this.
$350— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain; death
in the family cause of sale. McLAUGHLIX
& CO., 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; a bargain. McLAUGH
LIX & CO.. 777 Market st.
$1250 WILL buy a hotel and lot; well furnished;
worth $2500. MCLAUGHLIN, 777 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; -ell-
ing on account of sickness. N. LOWiJN*- :
STEIN*. 10224 Market St.
$175— GROCEPvY and bar; bargain: .account
sickness. X. E ' ENBTEIN, 10234 Market.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole Interest in best
paying restaurant in Oakland; present own
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
pale business in San Francisco; clearing $200
month guaranteed; fullest Investigation an
trial before buying, Owner, Call, Oakland.
$275— BAKERY, delicatessen store for sale; do-
ing cash business; reason for selling', other
business to attend to; 3 living rooms. Bo
1908. Call office.
SHOE store, with or without stock, for sale.
4108 ■■•■.■ nth st.
M'F*G business; small capital; protected ar-
ticle; big possibilities. 612 Examiner bldg.
I WANT to invest $500 In a legitimate bus
ness. Box 1535 Call office.
CHANCE for any bright business man; will
sell half interest in cash commission business;
no night or Sunday work; seller in business
for 25 years and retiring. Box 1565, Call.
$1100— SALOON; 17 furnished rooms, all full: is
a bargain; rent $20; horse, buggy, piano;
clearing $200 monthly. JONES, 865 Market st.
$100 — BAKERY and confectionery; best bargain
in town; also fine road mare, business buggy
and harness, $50 cash. Call 1004 Polk st.
$1200 BUYS a rich gold placer mine; Calaveras
County; $1,000,000 can be taken out. Box
1541. Call office.
$150— HOME bakery; sickness cause of selling;
low rent; good location. Box 1542, Call office.
GOOD business chance— Restaurant and 8-room
lodging-house for sale; cheap. Call . or ad-
dress J2SH Fourth st.
PARTNER wanted for a first-class saloon
business; doing a business of $2000 a month: a
rare chance for the right man. Box 1557, Call.
FOR SALE— Good grocery and bar. Corner Fil-
bert and Laguna Bts.
FOR SALE— Only collateral loan business In
mining city of 10,000 population. Inquire of
MRS. G. S. HOWE. Grass Valley. Cal.
BAKERY, restaurant and coffee parlor for
sale; good location. Inquire Call office.
$1S5 — FRUIT and grocery store; fine business;
horse and wsgon. 167S Mission Bt.
A— STATIONERY store. Apply 703 Broad-
way st.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-10
Beale nt
DENTISTS. ~~~~
.  n _.-,, . . nj-i_-_r.- m ------- n i
A METAL plate for the same price as rub
ber; full eet of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered: consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years'
teeth without plate*, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. : telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of oainless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver, 250
up; brldgework; plates repaired; all work
painless ami warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists. 569 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth, $4; filling, gold 60c, silver 25c;
crowns $2; open 8 a. m. to 10 p. m. Paris
Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. ■-.-;,
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves. lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
2S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-67 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Caft-pet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
storage:.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
ace 401 Post at., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5711.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, XOTEMBER 12, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
i AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison Bt.. near Sixth—
Sumy 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
j water free; big yard; big cellar.
ELL.KS ST.— 7-room house, bath, yard; rent
; *;:,. Apply 026 Eddy st.
I PFHRY, 20S, near Fourth— 4 rooms and yard;
rent $S; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SKN & CO.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flappole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
j gomery st.
$16— CHEAP; 6 rooms, bath; lower part. 12
| Guy place, off First st.. above Folsom.
COTTAGES TO LET.
I TO LET — Pretty sunny corner cottage; 6 rooms
and bath; nicely furnished; rent $25. G. W.
H. PATTERSON & CO., 170 St Market st.
HOUSE of 5 rooms, stable and chicken houses;
low rent; water free. 521 Thirtieth st.
UNION, 1112— Bay window, 5 rooms, bath, $15;
1106 Union. 4-room flat, $9.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle
flat; 6 rms.; modern conveniences; sunny sidf.
BOYD, 9, off Harrison and Langton — 4 nice
rooms and store room; rent cheap.
DORE. 319, bet. Bryant and Brannan— Sunny
r<it: frat floor; 4 rooms.
GROVE, 305, near Franklin— 6 large rooms and
bath; fine condition; all modern improve-
ments; reasonable.
HAIGHT, 542— Sunny dat, 5 rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
HAIGHT, 1021, above Bakers-Nice sunny 5 or
6 ruJm flat; will be newly painted.
HARRISON, 61S— Very nice flat, 3 large, well-
llghted rooms; view fine: everything handy;
$12; other rooms, one furnished, cheap.
HAVES, 339— Branch office ot The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
HYDEt, 1720 — 5 new choice rooms, $17; also cot-
tage, 6 rooms, $15.
MINNA, 904. near Tenth— Flat, four rooms and
bath.
SIXTH, 6til— 3 large sunny rooms, unfurnished;
cellar; large yard; rent cheap.
STEINER, 1123— Modern fiat, 5 rooms; bath;
water free. Call ISIB Ellis st.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 4 rooms; cheap. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth sts.
UPPER flat; 5 rooms. 7 Vassar place, off Har-
rison, between Second and Third.
UPPER fiat; 3 choice sunny rooms: pantry,
storeroom, $12. 2419 Clay st., near Flllmore.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flappole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
BUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St., near Seventh; $17
$14— SUNNY flat, 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., be-
tween Thirl and Fourth.
11l BO— FLATS: sunny, i rooms, cellar, yard.
46S Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
2 OR 8 unfurnished rooms nnd bath. 1529 Mis-
si .n M.. bet. Eighth and Ninth.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEICEEPINO.
AT Mason, 225 — Nicely furnished rms. for hkpg,
complete, $3 50 week; single rooms, $1 60 up.
CLEMENTINA, 707. cor. Eighth nice front
rooms: housekeeping, With laundry and bath.
EIGHTH, 34— Sunny front parlor, with one or
two bedrooms and kitchen; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; private family; bath.
i EDDY, 207— Nice sunny double rooms, house-
keeping. $8, $9, $10, $11 and $12; gas, bath;
quiet house.
EDDY', Front connecting housekeeping
rooms; splendid location; private residence.
ELLIS, 532— Housekeeping; 4 sunny unfurnish-
ed rooms; call 1 to 4.
FIFTH, 221— Housekeeping rooms and others;
all cheap and sunny.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
: FIRST, 28—2 unfurnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping; rent $6 per month.
i GEARY". 55G— Elegant sunny suite parlors for
doctor or artist; also sunny housekeeping and
other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050—2 sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove, bath and free telephone.
GROVE. 202. corner Van Ness Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
HOWARD. 525— Large kitchen with bedroom
furnished complete housekpg; others; reas.
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished sunny suite
with kitchen for man and wife.
HOWARD. 1063— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
HOWARD. 1324—2 large rooms: furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
and housekeeping rooms and transient.
HYDE, 232 Complete bedroom and kitchen for
housekeeping; also other rooms: $5 up.
JACKSON, 3019— 1n elegant residence, 3 fur-
nished (1 is double) rooms; 1 floor; rent, with
gas, $30; gas stove. _^
JESSIE, 439, bet. sth and 6th— large connect-
Ing rooms, furnished for housekpg; sink; $12.
LARKIN, 706— Furnished or unfurnished; light
and sunny; and single rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. £17—2 . unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 1015—3 unfurnished connect-
ing basement rooms; bath; rent $10.
LEAVENWORTH. 1503, r>-~ - Jackson— 3 nice
sunny furnished rooms: bath. ■
LEWIS, 18. off Taylor, near Post— Furnished
room and kitchen; reasonable.
MISSION, 345— Front room with folding bed
and kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1129— The cleanest and the cheapest;
housekeeping and others.
MISSION, Sunny front suites complete
for housekeeping; $12, 'H and $16.
MISSION, 1241—2 or 3 rooms and alcove; fur-
nlshed: stove; garden. *'
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— sunny back
room water, stove, closets; private, family.
NATOMA 81, comer Second— 2 nice sunny front
rooms for housekeeping: reasonable.
POLK, 522— Furnished or unflurclshed house-
keeping ■ rooms ; cheap.
SHIPLEY, 259 — rooms, $6; no children. Guer-
rero. 1149—2 rooms and bath. $5.
SIXTH 216% — Housekeeping rooms; thoroughly
renovated; front or back: running water; rea*.
SIXTH 136— Furnished room; light house-
keeping allowed; single room. $1 week.
STEVENSON, 637.— sunny housekeeping
rooms for rent. ___^_________
THE Piedmont. 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
— ■ ■
TEH AM A, Three housekeeping rooms.
TURK, 126 — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekpg; closet; running water; no children.
TURK, 203— Elegant sunny front parlors for
housekeeping; also single. .
TWELFTH. 230 C —Sunny housekeeping rooms;
private family; corner flat.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3106, . near Howard— Front
and back parlor; use of kitchen; bath, laun-
dry.
UNION. line— furnished rooms; stove; sink;
hot and cold water; bath; yard; $10.
VAN NESS. 518—2 sunny front rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping: $15.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.-Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite or single; flrst-clas*
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; day. 25c to 50c.
BALBOA, Th« 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day: less
per week; country trade solicited; elev tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
BRYANT. 457%— Nicely furnished room suita-
ble for gentleman, y .
CALIFORNIA, 532-Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board If desired.
CLAY, 2407—3 sunny unfurnished rooms ■ and
bath In private house; rentsl2 50: ref. required.
DELAWARE, 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
ELLIS, 516— Nicely furnished sunny parlors;
all conveniences; use of kitchen if desired.
FOLSOM, 770— Sunny furnished front room;
rent cheap. , • •
FOLSOM, 776%— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
to let: it and $5. ' ? ■ '
GOLDEN GATE, 435— Nicely furnished front
room; bath, gas, etc. ;
GLOBK House. 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
SI; week, $1 to $4; reading room: Howard car*.
GEARY, Large newly furnished bay-win-
dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mlsslpn— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
I HARRIET, 15, off Howard, near Sixth— One
furnished bedroom; cheap.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HAVES, 433— Nice sunny double front room;
one week's rent free; cheap; investigate.
| HOTEL Francisco. Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and slngl. rms.-; traslent. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, — Sunny front bay-window room;
also small single room.
JONES, — Large sunny front room; folding
bed; extra bed if desired; private.
MARKET, 1007%— Changed hands: suites or *ln-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING, Prop.
MARKET, 1008%. opp. Fifth— Suite of unfur-
nished rooms for doctor or dentist.
OAK. • — Sunny front room furnished com-
plete for housekeeping, small, $5.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
POST, 910— Sunny front room for gentleman;
running water; private family.
POST, 922 — Frcm 1 to 6 connecting newly fitted
up sunny unfurnished rooms; extra conven-
ient for housekeeping; reasonable.
POWELL, 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; reasonable.
POWELL, 612 A —Large sunny room; suitable
for gentleman; new flat; reasonable; ref.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and v.nfurnlshed.
STEVENSON, Sunny front rooms; single
or double; light housekeeping.
SUTTER. 1143," cor. Polk— Newly furnished
suites & single; also suite for doctor's office.
TAYLOR, — Newly furnished sunny bay-
window room; 2 gents; also single; private.
TAYLOR. 23S— Newly furnished sunny parlor
gas and bath; $10 and $12; private.
TAYLOR, Newly furnished sunny rooms:
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; single rms.: light hkpg. \
TAYLOR, 624, corner Sutter— Sunny rooms,
with or without board; elegant doctor's offices.
TENTH, 153— Sunny furnished bay-window
room; 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
THE. BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard—Best appointed: centrally located; room*
en suite or single, 26c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard st. cars pats
house direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St.. opp.Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
WASHINGTON. 502— Changed hands; renovat-
ed; sunny unfurn. rms.; offices: run. water.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ABBOTSFORD. The— -~%~~- -~-~
Broadway and Polk sts.Qut#t. homelike; term*
moderate; board optional: all cars direct.
BOARDING houses find It to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market. ■
BUSH, 822— New management; elegant room
and board, $25; hot and cold water; private.
EDDY, 626 (Irvingdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suits; best board; $40 up; single, $20 up.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator; :
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia st.— Bright sunny
rooms: large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
Ing; parlor: piano; bath- gents: special rates.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished room, with
board, $4 and $5; home cooking.
VAN NESS aye.. 619— Sunny furnished suite*
and single rooms: flrst-olas«s table board.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
CARE of infant or small child by responsible
lady; terms reasonable. Box 1539, Call office.
SUITABLE home for child: good home; moth-
er's care: $10 per month. 1830 Bush rt.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop to let or good place for sh»e
store. 1223 Polk St. ,
LAGUNA, 615, near Hayes — Little store and
rooms to let. Apply 601 Hayes st.
PACIFIC, 328. near Sansome— Handsome large
store: very cheap to good tenant.
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard: fixture*
for saloon. Apply 283S Mission ft. '
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.;
light, heat, janitor and telephone: rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
MARKET. 1032, near Mason— suite, first
floor; for doctor or business; reasonable. ■
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for JS
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; -irlces are the
fame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
Id eood second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 an •
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY *he oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S.
id. 2* and 30 O'Farrell Ft.: pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
TOtJ want a piano. Why not call on us?
SCOTT, CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
pell, we buy for caeh. We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 526 Hayes st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chick-
ering. Steck, VoM and Sterling pianos; easy
payment*. 16 O'Farrell st.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as the;
are best in quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS. 7C» Market Bt.
VERY' elaborate cased, high grade piano, per-
fectly new, offered at a great sacrifice for
cash. Room 10, Flood building.
FINE Chlckering piano; cheap. Apply for 3
days at 1914 Filbert st.
$60— UPRIGHT piano: good tune; for sale on
$5 Installments. 1115 Post st.
AN elrgnnt Pt^inway. upright for $230 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 808 Post St.
HA INKS' Bros, and other first-class piano* at
reduced prices. W.C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
$90— Elegant Emerson piano: bargain. Schmlts.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano rheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest: uprights, $73 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new . ylu. KOU-
LETt & CHASE. »0 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'I.I.F.R. mak«*r. repairer. ? T^atham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
AN almost new ship's sextant; cost originally
in London $50; will be sold now for $17. UN-
CLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
STAR lathe; new 6- ft. bed; 4 ft. between cen-
ters: 12-in. swing; automatic cross feed and
tools; $140 cash. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
GREAT Dane and St. Bernard pups; prize pedi-
gree. St. George Kennels, 120 Douglass at. ■
ONE 37-ft. launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30-
ft. sloop; 21- ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launch hull; 60-ft. tug boat; bar-
gains; new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBRECHT, successor to San Francisco'
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1010-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth. : Vj./
4 DYNAMOS, 200 light, $150; 100 light, $90; 30
light, $40; 15 light, $25.- SMITH, 527 Mission.
FOR sale — 200,000 second-hand bricks; also
doors, various sizes. 745 Bryant st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417- '■
423 Sacramento st.
UPRIGHT piano, only slightly used; standard
make; sell cheap; must sell. Address or call
at 1096 Post st.
1 AND 2 bowl barber waehstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. -■
I BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard. Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
I ther; pulleys cvr"d. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
p.ojectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi, 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer 'second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— in new and second hand; all
sizes: half original coat. 109-111 Market, S. F.
PROPOSALS. ~ ~
BIDS will be opened on Tuesday, November 15,
for . ' bar privilege for Elks' > carnival on !
Thanksgiving eve. Address JOHN COE- >
FIELD, chairman executive commute, 301 •
Kearny st. ... ■ '.--'•
PERSONALS.
: WANTED— communicate with milliners,
i dressmakers and others who have been in-
I duced to pay money in consideration of be-
i ing appointed agents for a composition styled
j Malvina Cream. Address P. O. box 2137. City.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to |1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEDERER, the up-to-date hairdresser, offers
a better grade of- hair goods at less prices
than any other dealer in town; call and see.
G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton 6t.
IF rats and mice annoy you write S. S. MFG.
CO., Chicago, 111.,' for sure exterminator.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement:
treatment 12 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S, 905 Market St.
LEDERER'S Qulnonia should be applied to the
roots of the hair; promotes its growth; 3Jc
a bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome, upstairs.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School: tailor suits; ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits: men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. cpp. Emporium.
TAYLOR. m— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
.ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
pp<»eialty; reasonable.
Kill GOLDSTEIN— Elegant stylish dresses. 15
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. mis. 14-15.
i .IRITIALISM.
ATTENTION.
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you In full of all that
you are Interested in; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies. ' '
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fail; sittings 11. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 1027% Mrkt.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing "me-
dlum. 118 Halght St.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8, 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia at.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will shew you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family trouble, restore lest affec-
tions, unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasure*,
. minerals; tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance: perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spec-
ial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
i MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
| voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, rm.lo.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; £5c up. 78 Fourth St., near Mission.
I MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS: B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at SIS O'Farrell st.
MEUICAL.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
ho are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills. $1: guaranteed cure, 15. MRS. DR.
WI'ETH, 20S Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace'
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; traveler's treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market
Bt. 1 ; pills, $1; very strong, 12.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent- free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye.. S. F. - A caution — pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used: consultation free;
saves disgrace: pills and capsules. SI: cure,
$!".. By the well-known ladies' .physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped instantly;
consult free: confidential: hours. 9 a. m, to
sp. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. : private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with \
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50:
' expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS.. OofiM Agents. Oakland. Cnl.
EDUCATIONAL.
HKALD'S Business College, 21 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
• AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ; Indi-
v idual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Twenty-
fourth et.. near Sanchez. ■ . >-j
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket st.: 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
. 16 yrs. experience. (Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 672 Parrott bldg. '•■■
ZITHER lessons given by MAX MAIER. 526
Turk St.. bet. Larkln ■ and Polk.
LOST.
LOST— November 9, lady's black enamel watch;
white figures on face; valued as keepsake;
liberal reward. Return to H. K. VOCKE, .
Golden Gate aye. and Hyde st.
LOST— Japanese dog; answering name of Nip-,
pon. Finder will be rewarded if returned to
611 Jones st.
FRANKLIN Hall, Thursday evening, spider
pin; reward. Return to 11 Stockton st.
IN Oakland; Alaska wolf dog and small red
setter bitch. Address N. WAGNER, 1627
Arch St., Berkeley. .
AT Mark Hopkins Institute, Thursday even-
ing stick pin, crescent and two small blue
stones. Return to 742 O'Farrell st.
DIAMOND ring and lady's gold scarf pin. !
Reward, 632 Market st.. room 6.
LOST— 8, a brindle greyhound bitch. .Re-
turn to J. O'SHEA. Seventeenth and Ver-
mont sts., and receive reward.
LOST— White female greyhound. ' Return to
Transfer Saloon, Eighteenth and Castro sts.
- Liberal reward. ••■•;■.
~~[ FOUND. ■ ' ". .
FOUND on night of Nov. 8, horse and buggy;
» owner can have same by proving property
and paying expenses. Apply 339 Tenth st.
PHYSICIANS. .','.• y V
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms. j
Advice and medicine, |1 50; open 9:30 to 6. 997 !
i Market, cor. 6th, opp. Welnatock & bin's. !
DR. C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
120S Market; diseases of women a specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$3300— FINE northwest corner of Twenty-third
and Dolores sts. ; fair 2-story building with
store and 6-room flat; lot 50x57: there are 13
feet of this lot vacant, which can be Im-
proved to bring In large returns; want to
close out. Owner. GEO. B. M. GRAY. 454
Ninth st.. Oakland. .
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
i $10,000— ONE of Haywards choicest homes; 17^4
acres of land all In bearing trees, 11 acres
of which are prunes, balance apricots and
plums; all 12 years old; fine modern house
of 8 rooms and bath: barn, chicken houses,
chickens, horse, carriage; all farming tools;
house completely furnished; sold 2 years ago
for $17,000 cash; 10 minutes' walk to electric
cars and center of town. Owner, 454 Ninth
st., Oakland.
i 160 ACRES of good grain land; latest Improve-
ments and beautiful home for ;amily. In-
qulre grocery, 1748 Larkln St.. cor. Jackson.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED— -2 to 15 acres of Improved
land, within 30 miles of city; state particu-
lnrs and price. Box 1537, Call office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATB. • *
FOR sale in Oakland— house, 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly Installments. HERON &
HO LOOM B. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $17: no dark rms.:
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station, Oakland: key 940 Union
st. KOKN'IO &- KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
flats 3 or 4: also single. 1453-55 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good tn< <-hcsr. It. tCHEI.V
BaaS eld »tor». 403 gl«— »nth at. S-« Mm
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS..
a'LAOLIUOA REAL ESTATE.
j $1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
j school. .
$1000 — Snap; lot 50x150; house of 4 rooms; 2
: blocks from Morton st. station.
$2800 — Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
I bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye. ; lot 50x207. See
i this at once. Houses to let In all parts of Ala-
i meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
j BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains. '<
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
! buiHers and real estate agents. 1500 Park st.,
; Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
| FOR SALE — $3500; new 7-room house; all
latest improvements; near the university;
large lot; street work all done. JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station. I
BARGAIN in a building site In the beautiful
. Scenic Park; lot 50x126; street work all done;
only $700. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St..
Berkeley. j
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market; i
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 2 mile* :
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look j
at this. Send for map to Q. W. HAIGHT.
220 Sansome Et.. 8. F.
I $3000 5-room cottage: bath, laundry; 1% acres;
I 12 mln. walk to Berkeley Btn. Freese & Cod-
dinirtcn. 2119 Stanford pi . opp. Berkeley Ftn. .
MONEY TO LOAN.
, LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone t South 14.
I , lj i
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- !
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew- }
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry ,
Store, 948 Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
; moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
.' ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d !
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro- I
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3. . I
, BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
! ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Pryden. 413 Montgomery st.
~~ FINANCIAL. ~^~-
; FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery st.
__ HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
! teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your owp price.
1 ■40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLTVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JTTST arrived — carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Snt»svards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Haraesß Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
ment No. 7. ALBERT JAMES RICE,
plaintiff, vs. LUELLA MATILDA RICE, de-
fendant. No. 65,884. Action brought In the'
Superior Court, City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and the complaint
t filed in said City and County of San Fran-
cisco in the office of the Clerk of said Super-
ior Court. The people of the State of Cali-
fornia send greeting to LUELLA MATILDA
RICE, defendant. You are hereby required
to appear in an action brought against you by
the above named plaintiff In the Superior
Court, City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and to answer the com-
plaint filed therein within ten days (ex-
clusive of the day of service) after the service
on you of this summons. It served within this
county; or. If served elsewhere, within thirty
days. The said action is brought to obtain
a judgment and decree of this court dissolv-
" ing the bonds of matrimony now existing be-
tween plaintiff and defendant, upon the
ground of defendant's willful desertion, also
for general relief, as will more fully appear
• In the complaint on file, to which special
reference Is hereby made. All of which will
more fully appear In the complaint on fllo
herein to which you are hereby referred. And
you are hereby notified that If you fall to
appear and answer the said complaint, as
above required, the . said plaintiff will apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded
Given under my hand and seal of said Su-
perior Court at the . City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, this 13th day
. of October, In the year of our (Lord, one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight. •
[Seal.] C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON. Deputy Clerk.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Vinzenz Oschsner and Elisa Ru551.. ...... 32-24
Philip Cornelia and Mary Vaccarl 24-16
Jeremiah J. Sullivan and Sarah Llnehan.. 2s-24
George H. Black and Jennie L. Cronner 27-24
John McHugh and Josie B. Rellly 35-30
P. Hjalmar BJornstrom and Tekla Bagge. 34-34
Jean Labasse and Adelaide Labasses 25-25
" EIRTHS-MAERMES-DEATE
Birth*, marriage and death notices rent by
mail will not be inserted. .They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and re«i-ence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
\ . BORN.
BROOKS— In this city. November 11. 1898, to
the wife of R. C. Brooks, a son. .
HOPKINS— this city. November 10, , 1898, to
the wife of F. D. Hopkins, a son. ..' t ..
IRVING- this city. October 27, IS9S, to the ;
' wife of W. F. Irving, a son. .
JENS— In this city. November 11. 1898, to the
wife of William Jens, a son.
~~ MARRIED.,
HURD— BIGLEY— San Rafael, July 20. 1898.
by the Rev. Father Egan, Jesse P. Hurd and
Ella F. Blgley, both of San Francisco.
ROLAND— AIR— In this city, November 9,
1888. by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
Arthur M. Roland and Augusta McNair,.both' |
■ of Pan Francisco. / - ,
TURPIN— In this city, November 1,
1898, at the residence of the bride's parents,
by the Rev. Alexander N. Curson, Andrew
; W. TurDin and Winifred Gibbons.
DIED.
Blake, Catherine A. Murray, Charles B.
Cousins, Charles 8. Quirk. May
Crane, Sophy C. H. " Riordan, Michael J.
Gee Gey Sheehan, James J.
Griffin. John W. Shoop, Catharine
Griffin. Michael A. Sparks, William
Gulnasso, Stella I. Sullivan. Margaret
Hald, Jennie E. Sullivan. William
Healey, Annie Van Bergen. Nicholas
Johnston, Robert Vessey. Hettie J.
Lowrie, William W. Werner. Minna
McDonald. John F. Wolf, Alice
Monagnan, John H. %
BLAKE— In this city, November 10, 1898, at
the residence of her daughter, Mrs. J. H.
Winter. 13^1 Valencia street, Catherine A.,
relict of the late William Blake, and mother
of J. F. Blake and Mrs. J. H. Winter, a na-
tive of Somerset, Ohio, aged 74 years.
(C^The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at Benlcla, Cal., on the arrival
of the 8 a. m. train from San Francisco,
from St Dominic's Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment Benicia, Cal. Please omit flowers.
COUSINS— In Martinei. November 10. IS9B.
Charles S., beloved husband of Catherine
Cousins, a native of New York, aged 67 years
and 11 months.
K?"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 9:15 o'clock, from Masonic
Temple, Martinez, thence by train leaving
Martinez at 10:40 o'clock. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery, San Francisco, on arrival of
12:15 train.
CRANE— In the shipwreck of the Mohegan, In
the English Channel. October 14. 1898, Sophy
Cass Hall, widow of the late Alfred «_. Crane,
and mother of L. A. and F. H. Crane and
Mrs. W. R. Farringtnn.
(CT Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
services at the residence of her sister. Mrs.
Stephen G. Nye, 692 Twenty-fourth street.
Oakland, to-morrow (Sunday), at 3 o'clock.
Interment at Santa Cruz Monday, November
14, at 12 o'clock, on the arrival of the nar-
row-gauge train. Friends are also Invited to
the burial service.
GEE GOY— In the City and County Hospital.
November 11. IS9S. Gee Goy, a native of
China, aged 33 years.
GRIFFIN— In Oakland. November 10. IS9B, John
W., husband of Ellen A. Grifttn. and father
of Marguerite, Annie, Clarence and Wally
Eddy and Nellie Griffin, a native of New-
townards. County Down, Ireland, aged 57
years and % months.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No.
1. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
GRIFFIN— In this city. November 10. 189?.
Michael A., beloved son of Anthony T. and
the late Helen Griffin, and brother of John
P., Theobald M., Mamie, Nellie. Millie and
Gerald Griffin, a native Of Cambridgeport,
Mass., aged 32 years 6 months and 21 days
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence. 309 Oak street, thence to Siacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GUINASSO— In this city. November 9, 1899.
Stella Ida, dearly baloved daughter of Louis
and Mary Guinassfc. and sisttr of Albert
Gulnasso, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
months and 7 days.
(CSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:80 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 8A Verennes street, off Union, near
Dupont. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALD— At Point Montara, United States Fog
Signal Station, November 10, IS9S. Jennie E..
beloved wife of Henry Hald, and beloved
daughter of Mrs. Julia Knapp. a native of
Pescadero, Cal., aged 26 years.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 1117 Alabama street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrate.! for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HEALEY— In the City and County Hospital,
November 11. ISSS, Annie Healey, a native of
England, aged 46 years.
! JOHNSTON— In Redwood City. November 11,
: lv.ts, Robert, beloved husband of Hannah
Stranahan Johnston, and uncle of Rev. R.
J. Johnston of Sacramento, a native of Ire-
land, aged 71 years 7 months and 20 days.
£v"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the Congrega-
tional Church. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, by 12:12 o'clock train. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
LOWRIE— In this city. November 9. 1898, Wil-
liam W.. beloved husband of Anna Lowrie. a
native <>t Scotland, aged 49 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
rarlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
! McDONALD— In this city. November 10. 1898,
John Forbes, beloved husband of Theresa
McDonald, second steward of steamer St.
Paul from Manila, a native of Inverness,
Scotland, aged 45 years 7 months and 15 days.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 12 o'clock, frpm his late
residence, 10t.7 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
! ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
MONAGHAN— In this city, at the Potrero, No-
vember 10. 1898, John H., dearly beloved hue-
' band of Fannie Monaghan. father of John
and Frank Monaghan. Mrs. J. Dougherty and
Mrs. M. Cusack. and brother of Mlchaei
Monaghan, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, aged 52 years.
MURRAY —In this city, November 11, 1898,
Charles Bradford, beloved son of Charles A.
and Lillie May Murray, brother of Florence
I Murray, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs.
James L. Murray and the late Mrs. Ida Ellen
Emery, and great-grandson of Mrs. Mary E.
Pettis, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 3 3 months and 12 days.
QUIRK— In this city. November 11. 1898, May,
beloved daughter of the late Catherine and
Jueeph Quirk, a native of Brooklyn. N. V..
aged 8 years and 5 months.
RIORDAN— In this city. November 11, 1898,
Mk'hael Joseph, beloved son of Bridget and
the late Patrick Riordan, and brother of Pat-
rick, Katie and Lizzie Riordan. a native of
San Francisco, aged 33 years and 25 days.
(E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 611 L street, between Seventh and
Eighth avenues south, thence to All Hal-
lowa' Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SHEEHAN— In this city. November 11, 1898,
James J., beloved son of Johannah Sheehan.
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years.
IC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S:ir» o'clock, from the residence,
of his parents, *579 Eighteenth street, thence
to Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
boul, commencing at 8:45 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SHOOP— In this city. November 9. 189S, Cath-
arine, dearly beloved wife of Joseph Shoop,
(nee Gleason). a native of the parish of Gart.
County Galway, Ireland, aged 64 years and
4 months.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 15 Masonic avenue, near Point Lobos.
Interment * Mount Olivet Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
SPARKS— In this city. November 9, IS9B, Wil-
liam dearly beloved son of Rose and the late
Captain William Sparks, and dearly beloved
brother of Mary, Rose and the la'e James
Sparks, a native of San Francisco.
(C?- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dar
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 2844 Folsom street, thence to St. An-
thony's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, November 11, 189S,
Margaret Mary, dearly beloved daughter of
Cornelius and Nora Sullivan, a native of Sar>.
Francisco, aged 1 year 5 months and 26 days.
SULLIVAN— In the City and County Hospital,
November 11, 1898, William Sullivan, a natlvs
of California, aged 3E years.
VAN BERGEN— In this city. November 10, 1898,
Nicholas, dearly beloved husband of Rebecca
Van Bergen, a native of Neunwalde, Ger-
many, aged 77 years 2 months and 17 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
November 14. at 11 e' clock, from St. Paul's
Lutheran Church, corner Gough and Eddy
streets. Interment prrvate. Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
VESSEY— In this city. November 10. 1808, Het-
tie Jones Vessey, beloved wife of Ai Ves3ey,
and mother of Mrs. H. M. Cutler and Mar-
vin T. Hubbard Jr., a native of Merced, Cal.,
aged 38 years.
WERNER— In this city, November 10, 1898,
Minna, dearly beloved wife of George Wer-
ner, mother of George F., Eddy X.. Emma
L , Phillip. Charles and Frank \Verner, and
sister of Mrs. A. Miltenberger. Mrs. L, Gab-
ler, Mrs. E. Werner and J. Brand, a native
of Bavaria, Germany, aged 48 years 1 month
and 2:> days.
iCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1822 Filbert street, between Octavla
and Laguna. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
WOLF— In this city, November 11. IS9B, Alice
■Wolf, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. M. C.
Williams, sister of the late William Meredith
Williams, widow of the late Dr. Joseph Wolf,
and mother of William and Maude Wolf, a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 7
months and 9 days.
ST DOMTNICS CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
ciation— The regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of. the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
In St Dominic's Church. Bush and Steioer
street?, this day (Saturday), at 9 o clock.
Friends are Invltfd to attend.
a B GALLAGHER Mrs. H. J. GALLAGHER
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
Successors to Flanagan & Ga.larher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
H. F\ iWAASS,
Undertaker and Embalmer.
Everything Requisite for First-Clasi Funeral
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone Soutto 27J. 91V Mission Street,
1112
MADE SERIOUSLY ILL
BY IMPURE WATERS
Employes of the Iron Mountain Copper Com
pany's Mines in Shasta County
the Victims.
Tims Far It Is Not Known Whether Any Deaths Have Re
sulted, but There Have Been Several Malignant
Cases of Typhoid Fever.
"Wallace Bonaclnl, who has been seri
ously 111 for seven weeks with typhoid
fever in its worst form at his home in
this city, was able to sit up»for an hour
or two yesterday. The disease was con
tracted while Bonacini was employed In
the mining camp of the Iron Mountain
Copper Company near Reddinpr, Shasta
County. The young man was unable to
talk very much, owing to weakness, and
•was disinclined to state the causes which
led to it, but enough was learned from
other sources to show that he was one of
many who have suffered from drinking
water that had either been contaminated
by defective drainage in the camp or was
Impregnated with a strong solution of
The water ordinarily used for drinking
purposes comes from different springs
and crosses a roadway over which mere
Is considerable travel, and is no doubt
polluted before ii .reaches the camp,
where it is collected in small pools. A
•wooden flume used as a sewer runs along
close by and the seepage adds to the pol
lution. . ... ...
The water impregnated with probably
sulphate of copper comes from the top
of the mountain, and an i«-ea of the im
mense amount of copper salts present in
the water may be had when it is known
that the company obtains about five
thousand dollars' worth of copper month
ly theru<"rom. Added to an this it is said
that thero is a pig pen situated at the
source of this stream ar.d the water is
fulJ of impurities. The men use bottles,
which contain their drinking water, and
in their hurry are not over-particular
where they get it.
GREELY'S PLAN
TO LAY A NEW
CABLE CHAIN
Connecting Alcatraz
With Mainland. '
OLD APPLIANCES' USELESS
rHE NEW ROUTE Io OUT OF THE
WAY OF SHIPPING.
The Cable Will Reach Marin County
Mainland via Angel Island
* and Extend Thence
Across the Grate.
In an interview at the Palace last
evening General A. W. Gr.'ely, chief sig
nal officer of the United States army, ex
• •! the object of his present visit to
this coast.
"1 ;im here," he .=aid. "to arrange for
connecting Alcatraz with the Presidio in
a roundabout way.
"I put in a system here about ten or
years ::zc<. There was direct com
munii ween Alcatraz and the
Presidio, but that ha-s been abandoned,
there, being in the rath of the
shipping in the harbor, was often pulled
up or cut by anchors. The longest a cable
lasted there was six months— rather ex
pensive work. This is the worst harbor
In the United States to lay cables in.
I don't think that a cable has lasted
across the Golden GfUe more than three
years. An elaborate system has been rec
ommended by a board here, which I could
not think of putting in.
"The cable will probably extend from
ADVERTISEMENTS.
." jt> The village blacksmith is usually
.' considered the type
H 1 L*rr-i- of • good health.
( *3 - -'-vffP* 1 ' Even he sickens and
I /*? "r^U-^ dies frequently in
f<L jijl j/ X^\ early youth. No
VgJv^.Ji f~^| man, not even tile
>rj^ '^v^ most robust, can af-
ja- v Y<^ ) ford to neglect his
«vf>> *?k •X& <^. health, which is his
CCa-Ta^i^**^ y?^zZb,r.i. most precious en-
ITT \m \ \' fc'SSKftK dowment. The
& ' I&A Wg^v^nianwho does so
M iSp^r™ 11 sooner or
1 M%?\ v p^L^ later P a y the
Sis§nJ\S i5§nJ\ \imsyTfsrp enalty in sonje
fry fkl «5r / V serious or fatal
Si ©A f^i^>\ malady. When a
c a *E& & IV j p 1 man finds that he
&l J I lis losing his ap-
"-«.-»— feAj I I petite, that he
-=^»*j» > " Ss^' J ' passes restless
nights, that he
awakens in the morning unrefreshed and
without ambition or mental or bodily vigor,
when he is troubled with headaches, nerv-
ousness or biliousness, it is time for him to
take serious thought for his health.
These symptoms are by no means trivial,
and are indicative of disorders that may
lead to consumption, nervous prostration,
'malarial troubles or some serious blood
disease. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery is the best of all medicines for men
and women who suffer in this way. It re-
stores the lost appetite; it gives sweet, re-
freshing sl.-ep; makes the digestion perfect,
the liver -wtive and purifies and enriches
the blood. It is the greatest of all nerve
tonics. It is the great blood -maker and
flesh-builder. It cures 98 per cent, of all
cases of consumption, w«ak lungs, bron-
chitis, spitting of blood, obstinate coughs
and kindred ailments. It is also an unfail-
ing cure for nervous exhaustion and pros-
tration. At all medicine stores.
Mrs. Rebecca F. Gardner, of Grafton, York
Co Va writes: "When I was married I
weighed 125 pounds. I was taken sick and re-
duced in health and broke out with a disease
which my doctor said was eczema. I fell away
to 90 pounds. I began using Dr. Pierces Golden
Medical Discovery, and now I weigh 140 pounds
and am well."
Constipation often causes sickness. Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure constipation.
One little " Pellet " is a gentle laxative, and
two a mild cathartic. They never gripe.
They are tiny, sugar-coated, anti - biliou*
granules, in little vials. ; Druggists have
nothing else "just as good." They regu-
late *oe Stomach, Liver and Bowels.
It is practically a story of wholesale
poisoning, for it is estimated thai nearly
one hundred men left In various stages
of sickness out of the four or live hundred
in the camp, and all were more or less
attlicted. ,
It has been reported that two or three
deaths have occurred, the victims being
employes in the mines who had partaken
freely"of the water, but it was impossible
to verify the statement, although it is
highly probable. It suffices to say that
the water in Iron Mountain town is an
swerable for the dangerous Illness of a
large number of men emnloyed there.
Some were confined to the nospltal in
the camp, but lack of proper medicine
compelled them to leave. The druggist of
the camp, McLaughlin by name, is said
to be sick at St. Luke's HoPDitaJ in this
city, but the officials of that institution
denied all knowledge of the case. A man
named Peal is another who is suffering
in St. Mary's Hospital with typhoid fever,
superinduced by drinking the water in
Iron Mountain camp. Edward Blake was
ill two weeks with a bad attack of ma
laria, but he has gone back to brave the
danger again.
Another bad case is that of James Don
ahue, who has been at St. Gary's Hos
pital for two weeks with typhoid fever.
His attendant. Mr. Finnegan. says that
Donahue was in Iron Mountain town only
two weeks when he contracted the dis
ease. Finnegan says that if steps are not
taken to remedy the evil by introducing
a proper system of sewerage in the town
and pure water provided the Iron Moun
tain Company will soon have its camp
deserted, as the men are daily leaving In
large numbers, though they are being re
placed by men who are ignorant of the
true state of affairs.
Alcatraz to Angel Island, and thence to
the Marin County mainland, where It will
Join the Commercial cable, which has
communication with the Presidio across
the Golden Gate. A cable will probably
be held in reserve, also — one that could
be laid in a single day— for connecting
Alcatraz with the Presidio direct in case
of an emergency."
General Greely is one of the most dls
tingxrished officers in the service. He was
In active service throuciout the recent '
Santiago campaign, and his work was of
Inestimable value to the Government.
During the time when the fleets of Ad
mirals Schley and Sampson were seeking
to capture Admiral Cervera's vessels
the signal corps furnished much of j
the information as to the whereabouts of '
the Spanish vessels.
General Greely has risen from the ranks
to his present high position, for at th-*
outbreak of the civ,. War he joined the
Nineteenth Massachusetts? Volunteer In
fantry as a private in Company B. Sub
sequently he was promoted to corporal
and later sergeant. From 1861 to 1*63 he
served with the Army of the Potomac
ana took part in the siege of Yorktown,
the action at West Point and numerous
other engagements, being wounded in the
battle of White Oak Swamp. He served
also in the Maryland campaign, and at
the battle of Antietam was again
wounded.
In March, 15=63. he was promoted second
lieutenant of the Eighty-first Colored In
fantry. In April. 3864, he was made first
lieutenant, becoming captain one year
later. At the close of the war he "was
honorably mustered out of the volunteer
service-, having been appointed second
lieutenant of the Twenty-sixth United
States Infantry of Regulars. Later he
served with the Fifth Cavalry and was
brevetted major of volunteers for meri
torious and faithful services. In 1569
General Greely served on the Western
frontier and in 1871 was sent to Omaha
as a staff officer attached to the Signal
Corps. On March 3, 1887, he was ap
pointed to his present position, chief sig
nal officer of the United States army.
Irlor to this, however, General Greely
had gained additional honors owing to
his Arctic explorations. in 1881 he was
PlacecL in charge of an expedition having
for its" object the establishment of a me
teorological station at Lady Franklin
Bay. Jhe party unfortunate!-.- was ship
wreckod, and after having undergone ter
rible hardships was filially rescued. Since
thf-n General Greely has made many
searches liito Arctic conditions and has
furnished much valuable information to
the scientific world. During his stay in
California General Greely will pay a visit
to his brother-in-law, L.. G. Nesmith, U c
banker, of San Jose.
Good Stories'
On Pop Fargo of the Pacific Union
Club, on John W. Mitchell of Los An
geles, Mr. Patton, late candidate for
Mayor; John Lowson and others appear
in the Looker On; Sparks touches up
several well-known society and other
characters. The Reconteur of the clubs
describes a celebrated dinner, and all
the social news, political articles
stories and bright paragraphs make up
to-day's News Letter.
Neglected Her Children.
Mrs. Mary Griffin, 178 Shipley street
was .arrested yesteraay by Officer Mc-
Murray of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children on a charge of
neglecting her two youngest chilren The
complaining witness was her daughter
Catharine who said her mother had be
come a victim to drink and she thought
a term In jail might sober her up m"
Murray found the house in a filthy condi-
Remember the Soldier Boys.
Now is the time to send a box of choice
groceries to your heroes at Manila
Steamer leaves In a few days just in tim^
for Christmas. Packed and shipped free
of charge by Levin Bros., Leading Cash
Grocers, 1324 and 1326 Market street 5 appo
site Seventh. 1 hey have no branch stores.*
Attractions for Sunday.
Professor Hagal, the aeronaut, will
make a balloon ascension at Glen Park
on Sunday, and there will also be a
concert by the Glen Park band.
A number of new attractions are con
stantly being added to this popular
Mission resort, which has become one
of the principal places of amusement
in the city for children.
Whose Palm Is This?
Charles Hanson, a laborer, was arrested
last night by Officer de Guire on the cor
ner of Sacramento and Franklin streets
Hanson had in his possession a valuable
palm which he admitted havinr stolen
from a neighboring garden. The police are
desirous of locating the owner.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Christ's Mission.
Christ's Mission was opened at 7 Now
City Hall Square on Thursday evening,
with a dedicatory prayer by Rev. Dr.
Locke of the Central M. E. Church. Ad
dresses were delivered by Mrs. Major
Robinson, Mrs. Dr. Chllds of East Oak
land R. Glover and others. Music was
furnished by Brothers Husson and
Schwink. The mission will be In charge
of Major and Mrs. Frank Robinson— for
THE SAN FRASTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1898.
BURLINGAME MEN ON
THE PARK POLO FIELD
Clever Horseman
ship of Walter Ho
bart and Gal
loping Dick-
Tobin.
rpHE dashing horsemen of Burlln-
I game Club played a match game
1 of -polo in Golden Gate Park yes
terday. It was the first contest of Its
kind ever held here and was wit
nessed by several thousand specta
tors. Had the brilliancy of the play
ing been known the grounds would
hardly have held the people who
would have gone to witness it.
Play commenced at half past 2. and
for over two houi^s. with an occa
sional Intermission, the spectacular
sport was on.
The Reds, under the captaincy of
Joseph S. Tobin, were made up of
Mr. Tobin, Walter S. Hobart, Harry
R. Simpkins and Frank Carolan. The
Whites were: Captain Harris, U. S.
A., (captain), Charles S. Baldwin,
Charles Dunphy and Richard M. To
bin The Reds won ultimately by a
score of 7 to 2. This would seem to
indicate that the game was one
sided. It was far from it. however,
the play throughout being of. the
most desperate character.
Honors were evenly divided, each
player having an opportunity to diß
tinguish himself at some period of
the game. Walter Hobart was prob
ably the best mounted man, having
five" ponies. The majority of the oth
ers had three each. "Joe" Tobin.
"Duke^ Harry Simpkins. C. A. Bald
win, "Dick" Tobin and young Char
ley Dunphy were all credited with
brilliant plays. ... t ,
The game was played in a natural
amphitheater west of the deer park.
The carpet of green lawn with trees
In the background made a beautiful
setting for the eight men who dashed
many years engaged In rescue and mis
sion work in this city.
'-»-■♦-• —
CAMP MERRIAM, Oct. 30.— We, the un
derpinned soldiers of the First Tennessee
Regiment, will forever hold In grateful
memory the great service and Inestimable
benefit*? moral, social, intellectual and
physical, we received from the patient,
resolute and strenuous exertions of the
ladies of the Catholic Truth Society.
All praise to Mrs. Susan M. Theall for
initiating and establishing the hospital
work of this society, which was a sub
lime conception of duty, humanity and
patriotism, -and which will remain of im
mortal memory for the great good it ac
compltshed.
W. J. Whitthorne, captain Company B;
Alvin K. Buslette, lieutenant Company B;
C. B. Ewing, sergeant Company II; H.
Blound. corporal Company H; Logan T.
Williams. Horace Frierson, Kay McCal
lister, Walter L. Chester, R. B. Smith,
J. B. Roberts, Bayo Soheen, John G. At
virison, Charles L. Eaker, Samuel F.
Clifton, W. H. Williams, Alex Sheppard,
R. O. Curry, O. W. Johnson. Charles A.
Barlield, Thomas K. Hopkins, Harry Lee,
Felix L>. Fuller Jr., James M. Sodwin,
Robert L. Moore. Thomas J. Johnson.
Prank B. Pool. E. D. Gregory, Edward
Williams, Fayette Vicker, H. H. Badee, J.
R. Love. Rufus Bowder, John Skelton,
James L. Barry Jr., W. *... Thompson,
Walter Casselly, Frank Green. W. L.
Thompson, John F. Irving and Claude F.
I Woollard.
SHOOTING IN SUNNYSIDE.
Neighborly Disputes Culminate in
Shotgun and Rifle Practice.
The neighborly disputes of Herman Tie
gel ami William I. Colvert culminated in
the use of a shotgun and a rifle at 7
o'clock last evening, on Spreckels avenue,
in the Sunnyside section of the city. Tie
gel, who resides at No. 12, and Colvert,
who lives next door at No. 10, have wives
and children, and as a consequence neigh
borly disputes arose over the merits and
demerits of each household. These little
disputes finally Involved the wives of
both households and as a further conse
quence the husbands took the parts of
their better halves to such an extent as
to become enemies. From bad to worse
the troubles augmented until Tiegel is
said to have informed the wife and
daughters of Colvert that they would be
minus the head of the house, as he In
tended to make work for the Coroner by
killing Colvert.
This information was imparted by Col
vert's daughter to her father on his re
turn from work yesterday afternoon. Not
desiring to be killed without a chance at
his enemy, Colvert entered the back door
of his residence and armed himself with a
rifle. He had no sooner done so than Tie
gel appeared on the scene armed with a
shotgun. A few words were exchanged
between the two men, when, according to
Colvert's story. Tiegel raised his gun to
his shoulder. He had no sooner done so
than Colvert fired at him. but missed the
target. This caused Tiegel to make a
hasty retreat for the shelter of his house,
from which position he discharged his
shotgun. The reports of the guns at
tracted the attention of Corporal M. Shan
ahan and Officers A. Wingler and Thomas
O'Connell, who were on duty in the vicin
ity.
The guardians of the peace arrived in
time to prevent further hostilities, un
their arrival at the scene they were con
fronted by two excited armed men, but
the presence' of the men in uniform
quieted the bloodthirsty combatants ana
they peaceably submitted to arrest. They
were taken to the Seventeenth-street Po
lice Station, where each made his state
ment to Captain Gillen. Both were ordered
locked up— Colvert for an assault with a
deadly weapon and Tiegel with threats
against life.
The History of Music.
At a regular meeting of the Golden Gate
hither and thither across the field on
their well-trained ponies. The field
was somewhat softer than that upon
which the men are accustomed to
play at Burlingame. For this rea
son Walter Hobart paid It was a tri
fle slow, but the spectators could not
Bee it. To them it seemed more thrill
ing than a doz^n football games,
with some baseball thrown in for
quod measure.
The ball was put into play by
"Jack" Casserly. the timekeeper, and
what had been but a moment before
a group of quiet horsemen was turn
ed into a galloping mob in pursuit of
a white wooden ball.
The Reds were the most aggressive
and in a moment had the sphere in
their opponents' territory. They
worked it rapidly down the field with
but slight loss of ground and finally
-drove it between the posts, scoring
one point.
The second goal was made by
"Joe" Tnbln. who secured the ball
and despite the efforts of Charley
Dunphy to head him off, scored
again for the Reds. Harry Simpkins
was the man to score the third point
for the Reds.
For the moment the crowd lost
sight of his work watching a race
across the field in pursuit of him be
tween Walter Hobart and Captain
Harris. This completed the scoring
In the first period or spell of play.
Walter Hobart secured the ball in
the opening of the second period and
on the fastest horse ran away from
the other players, scoring again for
the Reds.
Charles A. Baldwin broke the spell
of misfortune which hung over the
Whites. They were playing with
every nerve on edge and with every
muscle strained. They had the ball
Froebel Association, held at 221 Ninth
street yesterday afternoon, Marrlner
Campbell read a most Interesting paper
on "The History of Music In America,
From thp Colonial Days *o the Present
Century." Songs were rendered by Miss
Florence Julia Doane, Miss Xena Rob
erts. Mr. Williams and Mr. Bien. A large
audience was present and light refresh
DEATH CAME TO
THEM IN OLD AGE
Three Friends of a Lifetime Pass
Away Within a Few Hours
of Each Other.
THE men of '49 are rapidly passing away and soon there will not
be a member of the old Vigilance Committee left. Jules David,
"No. 4," and treasurer of the organization, died at his home last
Thursday. His lifelong friend, Nicholas Van Bergen, followed him
a few hours later, and Victor David, who came here from Chico
to see his sick brother, fell dead upon beholding his corpse.
Jules David was born in New Orleans seventy-six and his brother sev
enty-two years ago, while Nicholas Van Bergen was born in Germany
seventy-seven years ago. All three came to California in the days of gold
and all eventually went into business. In 1853 Jules David was a member
of the banking house of Abel Guy & Co. and one of the foremost men
in San Francisco. V.'hen the Vigilance Committee was formed he was made
tn;i surer of the organization and worked hard to establish law and order.
In doing so he incurred the enmity of a number of Southern roughs who
thought he ought to have sided with them instead of the law and order
people because they all came from Louisiana. When everything was run
ning smoothly in San Francisco these Southerners began to make trouble
for the Davids, and in consequence Jules moved to Victoria, B. C. While
journeying through British Columbia some of the toughs whom he had
helped to drive out of California waylaid him, beat him, and left him for
dead. He was laid up for six months from the effects of his wounds and
carried the marks of them to his grave.
After a few years in British Columbia Mr. David decided to return to
California. On his arrival here he went into the wine and liquor business on
Front street, and was at work up to within a week of his death. He and Mr.
Van Bergen met daily and began to fail about the same time. Both had
rounded out their allotted span of life and for an hour each day used to
tell each other how this faculty was failing and the other was affected.
Both were taken sick about the same time and, as before stated, died with
■ In a few. hours of each other.
Victor David, whose home was at Chico, was informed of his brother's
illness by telegraph and at once came to the city. On his arrival at the
• family residence. 1301 Laguna street, he was told that his brother had
■ passed away. He went into the bedroom to look upon the face of the
dead. He was seen to pass his hand over his forehead and then drop to
the floor. He was carried into an adjoining room and a physician sum
■ moned, but it was all in vain and in a few hours he* joined the great
■ majority.
Thus did these three old friends, all of whom had passed the three
■ score and ten limit, die within a few hours of each other.
Jules David leaves a widow and a daughter to mourn his loss. His
nephew, Charles J. Gaillard, is cashier of the Comptoir National D'Es
■ compte de Paris in this city, while another nephew, Albert H. Gaillard is
■ bookkeeper of the Hibernla Savings and Loan Society. The word of the
- deceased was his bond and no one stood higher In the community than he
■ The funeral of the brothers will take place at 9 a. m. to-day, and the fol
■ lowing will be the pall bearers: Horace Hellmann of Hellmann Bros &
■ Co., A. Vignier, P. Laclaverie, H. J. Grauerholz of Hey, Grauerholz &
■ Co., A. Roos of Rnth & Co., L. S. Haas of Lilienthal & Co., John Spruance
• of Spruance, Stanley & Co., and Thomas Kirkpatrick of the Jesse Moore
- Hunt Co. The funeral of Mr. Van Bergen will take place from St. Paul's
Lutheran Church on Monday morning. Mr; Van Bergen, leaves four sons
■ and one daughter. The sons are Walter F. of the firms of Van Bergen
■ & Baehr and W. F. Van Bergen & Co., John W. of N. Van Bergen & Co.,
- George of Stoll & Van Bergen, and William.
in their opponents' territory repeat
edly, but dashing "Joe" Tobin or
some one of his team mates would
always extricate them at the critical
moment. Mr. Baldwin drove the ball
down the field, and holding off Wal
ter Hobart, scored the first goal for
his team. He also scored the second
one.
Joe Tobin started the play, rushing
the ball up the field with Dunphy
after him. The ball was graduaJly
worked back, "Dick" Tobin, one of
the coolest and brainiest of players,
doing wonderful execution. At one
time Mr. Baldwin made a splendid
drive for goaJ, but missed the post by
inches. Dick Tobin then ran the ball
up the field and after a hot scrim
mage Mr. Baldwin finally scored.
This was all the Whites could score,
■while the Reds made seven goals In
all when time was finally called.
There were a number of pretty
filays during the game, which were
oudly applauded by the spectators.
In one of these Mr. Baldwin hit the
ball straight for the goal. It was
stopped by Walter Hobart, who
drove it back. Harry Simpkins
picked it up on the fly and drove It
on.
The players have promised to re
peat the 'game at some future time.
They are anxious to have the mem
bers of the San Francisco Riding
School take up the great sport and
play them a match game even with a
handicap allowance.
Many representatives of the fash
ionable set witnessed the thrlllLng
sport. Some came on bicycles, some
on horseback, while others were in
carriages. The players drove to the
grounds in the Burlingame Club
coach, Frank Carolan being the
relnsman.
ments were served after the programme
had concluded.
If the lead In your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
■• ■ i
How Dewey beat the British in
next Sunday's Call.
ADVrB.TISEJSIENTS^^ __^^-— -- ~— ?
000000000000000000000000000000000003
3=Great Departments=3 l
. . ... OFFER ... CKk
STRONG INDUCEMENTS FOR o
TODAY'S PATRONS. |
-' ' _ °
COLORED DRESS GOODS, > §'
SILKS, ' o
LADIES' UNDERWEAR. %
nz •= — o
o
To-day we Invite attention to a great Special Offering of g
TEN choice lines of SILKS, DRESS GOODS AND LADIES' UNDER- o
WEAR that we have determined to clear out before Saturday o
night and therefore place on sale at an average of I o
MUCH LESS THAN HALF VALUE. \ S
SILK DEPARTMENT. •*
tzar* 500 yards RAINBOW STRIPED TAFFETA SILK, regular value 83c; O
Oi/w W iii be sold at 50c a yard. , O
7K/» goo yards BLACK MOIRE ANTIQUE SILK, regular Value » 26; will O
i OC be offered at 75c a yard. , O
75c __-- . rr\T r\TtvT\ tavf'F'TA SILK plain and changeable £ %
75C f^ts y Ya^ SS t C sha O d^s E 2nd T^F S E^ne a t qualify; will be offered at 750 O
a yard. . ©
COLORED DRESS goods. I
.x If\~ 2 cases DOUBLE FOLD FANCY DRESS : GOODS, itripad •ffecta; O
At lOC wllf be Placed on special sale at 10c a yard. • .. o
i* Of\r 3 cases 37-INCH FIGURED DRESS GOODS, all color., worth- 40c O
At zUC a yard; on special sale at 20c a yard. . . ■ o
At 25cLTa^^ MI go E r?h DD M cc E a S |.^% D ,g'ff'o°^r^^' . %
LADIES' MUSLIN UNDERWEAR, g
O
. J±t 25 Cents. - O
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, yoke band, finished with «d*« of •mbroi««ry O
or cambric ruffle; will be offered at 25c. O
j±t SO Oonts. 2
T ADIES' FTNE MUSLIN DRAWERS, yoke band, dowers flni»h«d S
ter of tucks and ruffle of embroidery, regular price 75c; will b« offered O
at 25c. ___j , «^
A_t. SO 0©23-t»S. ®-*
LADIES* MUSLIN GOWNS, lined, back yoke of tucks and edged with «a- O
"^broidery; will be offered at 50c. O
J±jt T'S O©3fL"tS. 2
I ADIES' MTTSLIN GOWNS, lined, back yoke of tucks and hemstitching, extra S
long and wldef regular price $1 00; will be offered at B&
STORE OPEN UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK SATURDAY EVENING. Q
==: O
/^#Harket, Jones and McAllister Sts., / g
y>AftfIQOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOaOO^ OgOjP
NO SWEETS IN
THE BOXES FOR
THE SOLDIERS
Trouble for the Boys
in Manila.
DANGER IN CHRISTMAS GIFTS
ARMY OFFICERS SOUND A NOTE
OF WARNING.
Extreme Care Should Be Taken in
Sending Edibles to the Troops
in Tropical Coun
tries.
The steamer St. Paul, when she steams
out through the Golden Gate for Manila
next Thursday, will carry hundreds of
Christmas boxes to the boys in blue In
the far off Philippines.
The boys will appreciate these tokens
from home to the fullest extent, but their
reception will be the cause of no little
concern to the medical staff of the army,
for it is anticipated that the contents will
be apt to work more harm than good.
Indulgent parents, doting sisters and
lovt-lorn sweethearts, mindful of the
stories of scant rations that have come
up from the islands, are expected to take
full advantage of this opportunity to
tickle the palates of their absent ones,
with the result that the St. Paul is ex
pected to carry out the most indigestable
cargo that ever left this port, unless one
takes into consideration a load of scrap
iron or something of that sort.
People, in making up their Christmas
boxes, are unlikely to remember that
Yuletide in the tropics is in the midst of
the summer or unhealthy season, and will
send off enough candy, nuts, tinned plum
pudding, mince meat, pate de foie gras
cheese and such provender to make half
the army sick.
The feeding of the soldiers in the trop
ics has already caused the department
much concern,' The regular army rations
hnvf. hppn found to be entirel> unsunea
to tL warm countries and some time ago
CantalnLynn of the Commissary Depart
ment returned from Manila and hurried
Sr, to Washington to confer with the au
thorities In regard to preparing a suitable
ration for the men in the tropics. Pork
»m beans corned beef and potatoes and
™?h articles of diet, while excellent in
?F2 ♦ a £nirftte zone, are the cause of much
sVckne mm s P in the Philippines, and it is the
fntention to provide rations in keeping
with the climatic conditions. not to be
With this fact in vfcw it is not to be
Jn^mi at that thUre is considerable
the shipping of delicacies by
friends to the troops in Mania.
Army officers who have returned from
thfre among them Surgeon Rethers of
the First California Volunteers; say that
every care should be taken to send only
what will agree with the men during the
helßht of summer. Eschew all sweets, is
their advice, and send only such articles
as canned soups, canned turkey and
chicken, cocoa, lime juice, vegetables and
lunch meats, including tongue and
deviled ham. Canned plum pudding
candy and such delicacies should find noi
place In these Christmas boxes, although^
they would no doubt be hailed with joy
by the recipients.
It is a difficult matter to select proper
articles for such a purpose, but these re
turned army officers say it would be much
better to exercise care now and make
some denials than it would to have the
soldiers sent to the hospital with an at
1 tack of dysentery, the result of eating
improper food. They say the average sol
1 dier at best is none too thoughtful of his
own welfare, and after his long diet of
army rations he would be less likely than
ever to heed his stomach were a consign
ment of provisions from home to reach
him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALL ADMIRE ?
Our laundry work, and wearers of
it enjoy comfort and pleasure.
Color right, finish perfect and no
saw edges to promote your wrath,
One bundle here will prove to you
the wisdom of our customers'-
choice. / % .
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
r GOOD COOKS —
GOOD COOKS
S HAVE USED IT* g
I EOBSO YEARS g
\ T AND -^% ■
X .PERFECTLY PURE^g i
ONCE TRIED { I
L_ALWAYS USEDj J