VOLUME LXXXV.-NO. 6.
STATESMEN RALLY
TO CONSIDER THE
NATION'S AFFAIRS
BRILLIANT
ASSEMBLAGE
OF CONGRESS
Opening of the Winter
Session.
MANY NOTED MEN ATTEND.
rOBJBIGN DIPLOMATS AMONG
THE VISITORS.
Reading of the President's Message
Beceives Profound Attention on.
the Floors and Galleries of
House and Senate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Dec. When
Congress adjourned last July
the United States was at war
with Spain. General Shafter
was investing Santiago and
General Miles was preparing for his
campaign in Porto Rico.
Congress reassembled to-day under
entirely different conditions. Peace
has been attained and Congress finds
itself confronted with the necessity of
providing for the administration of
distant and widely different colonial
possessions and the increasing military
and naval strength of the country to
such measure as will give weight and
effect to the diplomacy of the United
> in the councils of nations.
There was nothing dramatic about
the opening scene in either house, and
except for the reading of the Presi
dent's message the proceedings were
devoid of interest. The galleries of
each chamber were crowded with
visitors.
For a short session the floral display
wm unusually large and beautiful.
Members of the House of Representa-
tives began to arrive at the Capitol
early, and an hour before the House
frnf-t the hall was thronged with Repre-
A entatives, and as many of the crowd
spectators as could get upon the
w-oor. There were hearty greetings be
tween members on both sides.
Speaker Reed entered the hall
promptly at noon, and the noise in the
chamber was instantly checked by the
fall of the Speaker's gavel, which sig-
nalized the beginning of the session.
The blind chaplain offered prayer, and
then the roll was called by States.
There were 267 responses and the
House was ready for business.
MOST BRILLIANT
ASSEMBLAGE IN THE
SENATE CHAMBER
In Addition to the Members There
Are Many Distinguished Diplo
mats to Witness the Open
ing Proceedings.
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— "When the
Fenate convened to-day to begin the
closing session of the Fifty-ninth Con
gress the chamber presented a notable
and beautiful appearance. By 11
o'clock the public and private galleries
■were filled almost to their capacity
•with a distinguished assemblage, in
cluding many ladies in brilliant at
tire. On the floor of the Senate the
display of flowers was unusually beau
tiful, even for the opening day of a
session of Congress. The odor of flow
ers filled the chambers.
The memorable scenes enacted in
the chamber during the last session
and the momentous events that have
occurred since Congress last adjourn
ed created a feeling of intense expect
ancy on the part of both the specta
tors and the members of the Senate.
This was made manifest by the long
lines of people in the corridors anx
ious to gain admission into the gal
leries and by the early arrival of the
Senators on the floor.
Through the courtesy of the Vice
President the members of the Joint
High Commission were admitted to the
floor of the Senate, and were the re
cipients of much attention. Just be
fore the Senate was called to order
several well known members of the
diplomatic corps appeared in the diplo
matic gallery. Among them were Sir
Julian Pauncefote, Embassador of
Great Britain to the United States and
dean of the corps, with a party from
the British embassy; Mr. WB Ting
Fang, the Chinese Minister, and party,
and Mr. Ye Pum Chin, the Korean
Minister. All were interested specta
tors of the opening scenes of the ses
sion, and attentive listeners to the
reading of the President's message.
During a recess of three-quarters of
an hour, while the Senate was await
ing the presentation of the message
from the President the members of the
High Commission held an in
formal levee, greeting personally nearly
all of the members of the American
Senate.
The reading of the President's mes
sage, which occupied two hours and
• .ehteen minutes, was received with
careful attention for an hour, but
after that the Senators drifted to the
cloak rooms or to the committee rooms,
•where they could peruse the message at
their leisure in the printed copies with
which they had been furnished.
Morgan of Alabama was the first
Senator to enter the Senate chamber,
and closely following him came the oc
toKenarlan, Mr. Morrill of "Vermont.
The San Francisco Call
SCENE IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
In the Left Lower Corner Is Shown the Portrait of Congressman Dingley,
Leader of the Republican Forces; in the Right Lower Corner Congress
man Bailey, "Who Leads the Democratic Minority.
One by one the members dropped into
the chamber, and the floor soon pre
sented a scene as animated as that af
forded by the galleries.
Above, in the diplomatic gallery, just
before the Senate convened, appeared
Sir Julian Pauncefote, the British Em
bassador, and party, with Mr. Wu Ting
Fang, the Chinese Minister, and the at
taches of his legation and some other
members of the diplomatic corps. On
the floor appeared Lord Hereschel, the
chief representative of Great Britain on
the Joint High Commission, accom
panied by Jefferson Coolidge of Massa
chusetts. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, Sir Rich
ard Cartwright, Sir Louis Davies and
Mr. Carlton, members of the commis
sion, were also on the floor.
Promptly on the stroke of 12 o'clock
Vice President Hobart entered, and, as
cending to his desk, rapped for order.
Rev. Mr. Milburn, the venerable blind
chaplain, in a profoundly impressive
manner, returned devout and reverent
thanks for "God's goodness to our na
tion and for his care of us since last
gathered in the chamber." •
"By thy good providence," the chap
lain prayed, "triumph has crowned our
arms by land and by sea and so that
peace has come to us through the
council chamber. Let thy grace be the
portion of our people, and may their
hearts be rendered in service to thee
and to all men. We pray that thy
blessing may be with the Queen Ite
gent of Spain and her young son and
on her nation. May thy heavenly
grace come to secure and uplift and
uphold that stricken people. Grant
that all good may be given to us, our
motherland and to all nations, and may
we walk hand in hand with our
brethren across the sea to the heights
of Christian civilization."
A call of the Senate developed the
presence of sixty-seven members. The
usual resolutions were offered and
adopted. Cullom of Illinois offered one
to appoint a committee to inform the
TRANSFER OF SUPREMACY
ON NEW YEAR'S DAY
Special Cable to The Call and The New York Herald. Copyright 1898, by James
HAVANA, Dec. 5. — It has been arranged that the formal transfer
of supremacy shall take place on New Year's day in the palace of the
Governor General. At the same instant the flag is raised there Amer
can flags will be raised on every fortification in the city. Officers in
the Postofflce and Custom-house are already preparing for the trans
fer of their private papers, which were boxed up and moved to-day.
When the hour for the change arrives the Americans will find every
thing ready, and the Government machinery will move along with
out the least friction.
SA!N" FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
House that the Senate was ready to
transact business; Hale of Maine one
fixing the hour of daily meetings
at 12 o'clock noon, and Morrill of Ver
mont one to appoint a committee to
notify the President that the Senate
was awaiting any communication he
might desire to make.
Morrill of Vermont and Cockrell of
Missouri were named by the Vice
President to join a like committee of
the House of Representatives to call
on the President.
Mcßride of Oregon presented the cre
dentials of his newly elected colleague,
Simon, to whom the Vice President ad
ministered the oath of office.
Pending the receipt of the President's
message the Senate, on motion of Al
lison of lowa, took a recess of thirty
minutes.
At 1:25 p. m. the committee appoint
ed to wait upon the President reported
the performance of its duties and an
nounced that the President would im
mediately communicate with the Sen
ate in writing. Scarcely had the report
been read when Major Pruden, the
executive clerk of the President, en
tered the chamber and presented the
mess^e. Vice President Hobart laid
it before the Senate at once and its
reading was begun at 1:28 p. m.
The reading of the message occupied
two hours and eighteen minutes. Many
persons remained in the galleries
throughout the reading, but, as is
usual, little attention was given to the
presentation of the message, either in
the galleries or on the floor, after the
end of two pages. Many Senators who
had been provided with printed copies
of the message retired either to the
cloak rooms or to the committee rooms
to read the document at leisure. Not
the slightest demonstration occurred
during the reading of the messaee.
When the clerk had concluded the
reading. Mason of Illinois presented a
telegram from Pritchard of North
Carolina, announcing that illness pre
Gordon Bennett.
vented his attendance at the opening of
the session.
At 3:45, on motion of Platt of Con
necticut, the Senate adjourned.
SPEAKER REED'S
GAVEL FALLS IN
HOUSE AT NOON
"WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— The open
ing session of Congress to-day was a
spectacular occasion, animated and
brilliant. There were more than the
usual number of distinguished person
ages in the thronged galleries, includ
ing many representatives of foreign
Governments, high officials and ladies
and gentlemen conspicuous in social
and political life. The greetings of
the members were most cordial, and
there was not an outcropping of par
tisan rancor to mar the occasion. One
of the most striking incidents was the
cordial meeting between the floor lead
ers of the respective sides, Dingley and
Bailey. In view of the gossip about
the possibility of Bailey being deposed
as the minority leader, it is significant
that the Speaker named Bailey as the
minority member of the committee to
wait upon the President, an honor al
ways bestowed upon the recognized
leader of the minority.
Speaker Reed received a warm wel
come from both sides of the House
when he ascended the rostrum to call
the House to order, but perhaps the
greatest personal ovation given to any
member was that accorded Major Gen
eral Wheeler of Alabama, who has not
been seen by many of his old colleagues
since he went to the front at the head
of the cavalry division of Shafter's
army. •
W. A. Stone of Pennsylvania, McMil
lin of Tennessee and Sayers of Texas,
who have been elected Governors of
their respective States since CongTess
adjourned, were also overwhelmed with
congratulations. The floral tributes to
day were unusually numerous, and
made the hall a veritable bower of
beautiful flowers. The proceedings
themselves were dull, all interest cen
tering in the reading of the President's
message. For over two hours the clerk
droned through the long document, but
the interest of members and spectators
never flagged. With rapt attention they
followed the President's recital of the
war and listened eagerly to every sug
gestion or recommendation he had to
offer. No expressions of approval or
disapproval interrupted the reading.
Exactly at noon Speaker Reed's gavel
came down with a sharp crack, the
great ebony mace entwined with silver
and surmounted with a silver eagle
was lifted into place on its marble
pedestal, the spreading folds of Ameri
can flags were broken to the breeze
about the brilliant stained glass ceil
ing and the House of Representatives
entered upon the closing session of the
memorable war Congress. The scene
within the great hall was animated,
brilliant and picturesque.
The sea of desks within the brass
rails which cut off the lobbies spreading
in semicircular lines from the Speak
er's rostrum like waves from a center
was a veritabl flower garden. A ma
jority of the members were in their
places, while the encircling galleries
were banked to the doors with people.
The assembling of a session of Congress
is always a great magnet for the multi
A MIXING-HOUSE
IN RUINS AND ALL
ITS INMATES DEAD
tude, but to-day the attraction was
fraught with the added interest of all
the memories which clung about the
War Congress, the triumphs and re
verses of the recent political battle at
the polls and the eagerness to hear the
President's message with its review of
the events which have crowded the
stage during this memorable year and
its recommendations of policies for the
future. The public seemed to feel that
this was to be c. i epoch-making ses
sion, and for hours before noon a steady
stream of people debouched from the
corridors into the galleries. Even the
private galleries were crowded an hour
before the hour for convening, and they
contained many people distinguished
in social and high official life. The dain
ty creations of the milliners' art and
brilliantly superb gowns gave color to
the picture.
The members began arriving shortly
One of the Victims of Yesterday's Explosion a Bohemian, Well Known and
Highly Esteemed, and Respected by All Who Game in Contact With Him.
before 11 o'clock, and the hall began
to buzz as they exchanged greetings,
congratulations or condolences. For
those who had gone down at the No
vember elections there were expres
sions of sympathy; for those who had
been victorious words of congratula
tion. Some of the members had regular
levees as they appeared. This was
markedly true of W. A. Stone of
Pennsylvania, Mr. Sayers of Texas and
McMillin of Tennessee, each of whom
was chosen Governor of his respective
State at the recent election. Here and
there throughout the throng was an
officer in full uniform, an unwonted
figure on the floor and a vivid reminder
of the war.
The floral tributes which the scurry
ing pages bore into the hall and desks
of those for whom they were destined
Continued on Eleventh Page.
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
MUTILATION AND
DESTRUCTION AT
FLEMING POINT
Charles D. Kennedy
Killed.
HE WAS SUPERINTENDENT
FIVE CHINESE ALSO BLOWN TO
ATOMS.
The Cause of the Explosion Is a Mys
tery — Kennedy Was in Cnarge
and He Was a Careful
Man.
THE VICTIMS.
Charles D. Kennedy, Super
intendent.
Five Chinese employes.
A building lifted into the air and in
stantly torn to fragments, a cloud of
dust and smoke, a roar resembling
thunder, six human beings sen£ into
eternity — such in brief is the story of
an explosion at Flemmings Point last
evening.
Since the Government placed many
large contracts wi,th California powder
manufacturers, explosions are no
longer uncommon, but that of yester
day will be remembered longer than
many others. It robbed the community
of one of its most worthy men, one
whom Hon. W. W. Foote characterized
as "one of God's gentlemen." He was
Charles D. Kennedy, superintendent of
the works.
It was half-past 3 o'clock yesterday
afternoon when the gelatin plant of
the Judson Powder Works, near West
Berkeley, exploded.
The shock was terrific. It covered
an area of several miles, being felt in
San Francisco very distinctly, and
over the greater part of Contra Costa
and Alameda counties. The report
was heard for miles around. There
were six men killed — the superintend
ent and five Chinese.
The place where the explosion oc
curred is about two miles along the bay
shore from West Berkeley. It lies on
bleak, marshy land, several hundred
yards inland from Point Ysabel, and
Just north of McKeiths hill, in the re
gion of which most of the factories for
making explosives are located. It
stands at some little distance from the
railroad track, and a little over a mile
this side of Stege, in Contra Costa
County.
Nothing but a mass of ruins is left
to tell the tale of the catastrophe.
Every human being on the place wa3
killed instantly, so that nobody remains
who can give the slightest clew as to its
cause. For hundreds of yards around
lies scattered a huge mass of debris, in
which are mingled the remains of the
men who met their fate. Pieces of
boilers, copper vats and parts of ma
chinery, all twisted and turned into
every imaginable shape, and thrown
about in all possible directions, ttand
mute witnesses to the terrible force of
the upheaval.
As for the cause of the explosion
nothing can be advanced with certain
ty. The building in which the men are
known to have been at the fatal mo
ment contained a large vat of nitro
glycerin, surrounded by intricate ma
chinery. It was flanked on two sid^s
by mounds of earth, twelve feet
through at the base. A few feet away
stood the shed used for the manufac
ture of guncotton. The two buildings
were connected with machinery, and
the workmen were in the habit of pass
ing to and fro between them. Sur
rounding the vat of nitroglycertn was
a large tank of water for the purpose
of keeping the explosive at the right
temperature. It is suggested that the
water around the vat may have become
overheated before the workmen had
reason to suspect that the temperature
had risen. It is equally possible that
some part of the machinery may have
got out of order, in which case friction
would have developed sufficient heat to
put the explosives in danger. The lat
ter explanation seems the more prob
able, ' and was generally accepted by
experts viewing the scene of the ruins.
As in all other explosions the work
of destruction is so complete that the
only solution of its cause can be but
conjecture.
People who happened to be in the
vicinity of the plant at the moment of
destruction describe it as coming with
one great shock. They heard a thunder
ing report, and at the same instant the
whole of the gelatin building seemed to
be lifted high into the air, and imme
diately to be rent apart into thousands
of pieces and scattered to the four
winds. The two earthen mounds at the
flanks were blown down and their dust
mingled with the scattering fragments
of iron and wood. The guncotton shed
at the side became a total wreck. Every
board and plank was torn from its
place. The roof had been completely
Continued on Eighth Page. %2
VIEWS OF THE PRESIDENT
SUBMITTED TO CONGRESS
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.—Fol
lowing is the message of
President Mcj -.ley, delivered
1 ■ ( Jongress to-daj :
To the Senate and House of Represen
tatives:
Notwithstanding the added burdens
rendered necessary by the war, our people
n a very satisfactory nnd stead
:sii;# degree of prosperl 1 3
rgest volume of business
rded. Every manufacture has
i ictive, agricultural pursuits
Ided abundant returns, labor i".
i : industry Is better rewarded,
atlon passed by the present
- has Increased the treasury's re
tho amount estimated by its
I nances of the Govern
■ • • been sue «s fully administered
dvanced to the lirst rank.
while Its currency has been maintained
he world's highest standard.
Military service under a common flag
and for a righteous cause has strength-
ened the national spirit
and Berred t'< cement
more closely than ever
the fraternal boiids be
tween every section of
*he country. A review
Jfational
Spirit
Strengthened.
T . , . „ of the relations of the
united States to other powers always
appropriate, is tills year of primary Im
portance, in view of the momentous is
sues which have arisen, demanding In one
instance the ultimate determination by
arms and involving far-reaching conse
quences which. require the earnest atten
tion of Congress.
In my last annual message very full I
consideration was given to the question
of the duty of the Government of the
I nited States toward Spain and the Cv- I
ban insurrection, as being by far the most |
important problem with which we were
called upon to deal. The considerations
then advanced and the exposition of the ;
views therein expressed disclosed my !
sense of the extreme gravity of the Bit
uaiinn Setting aside as logically un
'™ d(> '. or • ■ ■■■ ally inadmissible the
I[*?S lio , n °/v the Cuban Insurgents as
U-,1 Rerents .the recognition of the Inde
?n «^h %£ Cuba neutral Intervention
to end the war by Imposing a ratified ■
compromise between the contestants, „- :
urventlon in favor of one or the other 1
fS2& and on he forcible annexation of the
™f; I concluded it was honestly due I
ir frlrndiy relations with Soaln I
tn r^url h given a reasonable chance
I Within^Tw irrevocabl y <--° m
which'" 1 It a »« u " ce l 11 c 6mprehlSive r Sla°n l s! \
to ?L,in S . '/ own c «"ntry. so Injurious
tc the true interests of the mother coun
trj . as well as to those of Cuba and so
hSnuf. t0 the universal senfim a ent of
of T r^f nSI " n * months brought little sign I
of r»h» W 1 toward the Pacification
Fet i w in Vh» auto " o , mist j administration
rrlnr nai n«ir ca P |ta ' *"<* some of the
\3s?3\ Si^Kfiffißl n n°oV t t°o K b a i n a t b } ]I
to extend their influence to the l ; ,r - ,x
while ofh0 fhp Pr n r t i?, ry heM by the insurgents,
wnne the military arm. obviously unable
SS US :icie 8 of the Government
No tangible relief
h-lnnv r ' number a of un
p.r -\ rec oncentrados. despite the t-Pit
■MB
conservative estimates
Troin .Spanish sources
•Jlr' crd the deaths among
those dl.«tr<\«?ei! people
at over 40 per cent from
the time General Wev-
Weyler's
Deadly
Decree.
central w« B enfoVc^^h "'th?*^
table (contributions raised hi this coun"
iH -«
Perl err"ftf th * or^ anlz ' c 5 agencies of the
physical exhaustion of either combatant
nooneepidd venture to conjecture^
A i tills juncture, on the nth of v»k
ruary last, occurred the t *tA,r.Yir,° l J?!?:
battle-ship Maine, while
rightfully 1 lying in the
harbor of Havana on a
mission of international
courtesy and good Mill—
a catastrophe the bus-
Destruction
of the
Maine.
ror of which .tiffed The^&n^n^
profoundly. It is a striking evince of
the poise and sturdy rood sense disMn
puisliins: our national character that this
shocking Mow falling upon a generous
pejPle already deeply touched by P re
ceding events in Cuba, did not mo"? them
to desperate resolve- to tolerate no ioi-e?
the existence of a condition of danger -Cnd
disorder at our doors that made poisfhle
BUCh f n leen by whomsoever wrought Yet
the instinct of justice prevailed .and the
nation anxiously awaited the result of the
searching Investigation at once cet on
foot. The flndiriK of the naval hoard 3
inquiry established that the origin of t ho
explosion was external by a submarine
mine and only halted through lack of
positive testimony to fix the respoiisibll
!ty of its authorship. I^ MI " U
AH those thines oarried conviction n
iho njr.st thoUßhful, even bofore the lind
ir^ of the naval court that a crisis in our
affairs with Spain and toward Cuba was
at hand. So strons; was this belief that
it needed but a brief executive suggestion
to Congress to -receive immediate -ans we?
to the duty of making instant provision
for the possible and perhaps SDeedil"
probable emergency of war. and the re
markable, almost unique, spectacle yes
presented of a unanimous vote of both
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wild Roses
Decorated on Semi-Porcelain.
Sugar ' and Cream Sets,
Tea and Coffee Cups, Oat
Meal and Oyster Bowls.
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
"Great Americanimport'gTea Co,
• £61 MoiJiot. 0". P«well 705 I.erktn St.
110 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 Third >t. 1318 DevfsadcroSt
50(> l. earayst. 2008 Fillmorc St.
14ft Mnth .St. 321 Montgomery Ay
2510 Missl, ii St. I 100 Kentucky st.
300« Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
355 l:aycs St. 52 Market St.
' OAKLAND STORP.S:
, 'pSSW'Bshlnstonht. 131 San Pablo Art,
Wl7 Kroadv.ay. 016 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St. . •
j AI.AMEDA-135S Park St.
SAN KaPAEI.— St.. near Fonrth.
Wo alto sell
C A, Crockery, GLAS6G LA56V * r A a E
Cheap;BK Price* In America,
Writ* for OttiTegcei.
.■■ , ■
houses on the 9th of March, appropriating
$50,000,000 "for the national defense and for
each and every purpose connected there
with, to be expended at the discretion ct
the President.
That this act of provision oame none too
soon was disclosed when the application
of the fund was undertaken. Our forts
were practically undefended. Our navy
needed large provision for increased am
munition and supplies and even numbers
to cope with any sudden attack from the
navy of Spain, which comprised modern
vessels of the highest type of continental
perfection. Our army also required en
largement of men and munitions. The de
tails of the hurried preparation for the
dread contingency is told in the reports of
the Secretaries of War and of the Navy,
and need not be repeated here.
It is sufficient to say that the outbreak
of war, when it did come, found our na-
tion not unprepared to
meet the conflict. Nor
was the apprehension
of coming .strife con
lined to our own coun
try. It was felt by the
Continental powers,
Our Nation
Not
Unprepared.
which, on April 6. through their Embus
sadors and Envoys, addressed to the ex
ecutive an expression of hope that hu
manity and moderation might mark the
course of this Government and people, and
that further negotiations ■would lead to
an attempt which, while securing the
maintenance of peace, would affirm all
saary guarantees for the re-estab!lsh
ment of order in Cuba. In responding to
that presentation I also shared the hope
j that the Envoys had expressed that peace
i might be preserved in a manner to ter
' mlnate the chronic condition of disturb-
I mice in Cuba, so injurious and menacing
I to our interests and tranquillity, as well
i as shucking to our sentiments of humar.
i ity; and while appreciating the humani
! tartan and disinterested character of the
communication they had made on behalf
of the powers it stated the confidence of
i this Government on its part, that equal
• appreciation would be shown for Its
| earnest and unselfish endeavors to fulfill
; a duty of humanity by ending a situation
the Indefinite prolongation of which had
become insufferable.
Still animated by the hope of a peaceful
j solution and obeying the dictates of duty
; no effort was related to bring about a
■ speedy ending of the Cuban struggle. Ne
gotiations to this effect continued active
i ly with the Government of Spain looking
jto the Immediate conclusion of a six
is' armistice in Cuba with a view to
effect the recognition of her people's
right to independence. Besides this, the
Ir.stant revocation of the order of recon
cftitration was asked so that the suffer
ing people might return to their
homes and, aided by united Amer
ican and Spanish effort, might be
put in a way to support themeslves, and
by orderly resumption of the well nigh de
stroyed productive energies of the island,
( 'ir.tribute to the restoration of its tran
quillity and well being. Negotiations con
tinued for some little time at Madrid, re
sulting In offers by the Spanish Govern
ment which could not but be regarded as
inadequate.
It was proposed to confide the prepara
tion of peace to the insular parliament.
yet to be convened un
der autonomous decree
of November. 1597, but
Without Impairment In
any wise of the consti
tutional powers of the
Spain's
Chimerical
Scheme.
... Madrid Government,
which to that end Would grant an armis
tice if solicited by the insurgents, for such
tune as the general in chief might see fit to
fix. How and with what scope of discre
tionary powers of the insular parliament
was expected to net about the "prepa'a-
Uon of peace did not appear. If it was to
be by negotiation with the insurgents the
issue seemed to rest on the one side with
a body chosen by that faction of the elect
ors in the districts under Spanish control
and on the other with the insurgent popu
lation holding the interior country until
represented in the so-called parliament
and defiant at the suggestion of suing- for
peace.
Grieved and dfsappofzfted at t:us barren
outcome of my sincere endeavors to reach
a practicable solution I felt it mv duty to
remit the whole question to the Congress.
In the message of April v. 1898, I an
nounced that with this !ast overture in
the direction of Immediate peace in Cuba
and its disappointing reception by Spain
the .'ffort of the executive was brought to
an end. I again reviewed the alternative
course of action which I had prepared,
concluding that the only course consonant
with international policy and compatible
with our firmest historical tracutions. was
intervention as a neutral to stop the war
and check the hopeless sacrifice of life
even though that resort involved "hostile
constraint upon both the parties to the
contest, as well as to enforce a truce so
as to give time for the eventual settle
ment."
Th* grounds justifying that step were
th«» interests of humanity; the duty to
protect life and property of our cousins
In Cuba; the right to protect our com
merce, and. most important, the need of
removing at once and forever the con
stant menace and the burdens entailed
upon our government by the uncertainties
and perils of the situation caused by the
unendurable disturbance in Cuba. I said
"The long trial has proved that the ob
ject for which Spain has waged the war
cannot be attained. The lire of insurrec
tion may flame or may smoldfr with
varying seasons, but it has not been and
it is plain it cannot be extinguished by
present methods. The only hope of relief
and repose from a condition which can
iio longer bo endured Is the enforced pa
cification of Cuba. In the name of hu
manity, in the name of civilization, in be
hnlf of endangered American interests,
which give us the right and duty to speak
nnd to act, the war in ( üba must stop."
In view of all mis, ("ongress was
asked to authorize nnd empower the
President to take mens- I
Appeal urea to secure a full and
final termination of hos
to unties between Spain
rnTurrp-q i!ml the People of Cuba,
Congres3. and to secure in the }s :
land the establishment
of a stable governmr' ' capable of main
taining order and observing its interna
tional obligations, insuring peace and
tranquillity and proper treatment of Its
citizens as well as our own, and for the
accomplishment of those ends to authorize
the use of the military and naval forces
of the United States as might he neces
sary, with added authority to continue
the generous relief to the starving people
of Cuba.
The response of Congress, after
nine days of earnest deliberation, during
which the almost unanimous sentiment of
your body was developed on every point
pave as to the expediency of coupling tho
prepared action with a formal recognition
of the republic of Cuba as the true and
lawful government of that Island — a prop
osition which failed of adontion—Con
gress, after conference, on the lftth of
April, by a vote of 42 to 35 In the Senate
and Ml 1 to 6 in the House of Representa
tives, passed the memorable joint resolu
tion, saying:
First— That the people of the Island of
Cuba are, and by right ought to be, free
and Independent.
Second-That It Is the duty of the United
States and the Government of the United
States hereby demands that the Govern
ment of Spain at once relinquish its au
thority in the island of Cuba and with
draw !♦? land and naval forces from Cuba
and Cuban waters.
Third— That the PreFldent of the United
States be and Is hereby directed and
empowered to use the entire land and
naval forces of the United States,
and tho militia of the several
States, to such extent as may be neces
sary to carry these resolutions Into effect.
Fourth— That the United States hereby
disclaims any disposition or intention to
exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction or con
trol over said island, except for the pacifi
cation thereof, and asserts Its determina
tion that when that is accomplished to
leave the government and control of the
island to its people.
This resolution was approved by the
Executive on April 20. A copy was at
once communicated to
Diplomatic the Spanish Minister at
_, ,  this capital, who forth
iteiauons with announced that his
Severed- continuance In Wash
aeveieo. lngton had thereby be-
come Impossible and
aFked for his passports, which were given
him. He thereupon withdrew from 'Wash
ington, leaving the protection of Spanish
interests In the United States to the
French Embaspador and the Austro
Hungarian Minister. Simultaneously
with Its crwnmunicatlon to the Spanish
Minister General Woorlford. tho American
Minister at Madrid, was telegraphed con
firmation of the text of the joint resolu
tion and directed to communicate it to the
Government of Spain with the formal de-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
Favors Early Construction of
Nicaragua Canal and Inde
pendence of Cuba.
Many Other Important Issues of the
Day Treated in a Broad and
Statesmanlike Manner.
maud that it at once relinquish its au
thority and government in the island of
Cuba and withdraw its forces therefrom,
coupling this demapd with announce
ments of the intentions of this Govern-
I merit as to the future of the island, in
! conformity with the fourth clause of the
I resolution and giving Spain until noon of
April 23 to reply.
The demand, although, as above shown,
officially made known to the Spanish en
voy here, was not delivered at Madrid.
After the instructions reached General
Woodford, on the morning of April 21, but
before he could present it, the Spanish
Minister of State notified him that upon
the President's approval of the joint reso
lution the Madrid Government, regarding
the act as "equivalent to an evident dec
laration of war," had ordered its Minister
lln Washington to withdraw, thereby
breaking off diplomatic relations between
the two countries and ceasing all official
communication- between their respecltve
countries.
General Woodford thereupon demanded
his passports and quitted Madrid the
same day.
Spain, having thus denied the demand
of the United States and initiated that
complete form of rup
ture of relations which
attends a state of war,
the executive powers
authorized by the reso
lution were used by me
to meet the enlarged
War With
Spain
Declared.
contingency of actual war between Spain
and the- United States. On April 22 1 pro
claimed a blockade of the northern coast
of Cuba, including ports on said coast be
tween Cardenas and Bahia Honda and the
port of Cienfuegos on the south coast of
Cuba; and on the 23d I called for volun
teers to execute the purpose of the reso
lution.
By my message of April 25 Congress was
informed of the situation and I recom
mended formal declaration of the exist
ence of a state of war between the
I'nited States and Spain. The Congress
accordingly voted on the same day the
act approved April 25, 189 s !, declaring the
existence of such war from and includ
ing April 21, and enacted the approval of
the resolution of April 21, directing the
President to use all the armed force of
the nation to carry that act into effect.
Due notification of the existence of war
as aforesaid was given April 25 by tele- j
graph to all the Governments with which
;!:<■ United $tates maintained relations. In
order that their neutrality might be as
sured during the war. The various CJov
ernmehts responded with proclamations of
neutrality, each after Its own methods.
It Is among the most gratifying incidents
"f the Struggle that the obligations of
neutrality tfere Impartially discharged by [
all. often under delicate and difficult clr- j
cunistances.
In further fulfillment of international ;
duty I issued, April 26, a proclamation an- !
nouncing the treatment proposed to be j
accord' a to vessels and their cargoes as ,
to blockade, contraband, the exercise of j
the right of subjects and the immunity of ]
neutral flags and neutral goods under j
enemy's flag. A similar proclamation was
made by the Spanish Government. In the
conduct of hostilities the rules of the dec- i
laratlon of Paris. Including abstention
from resort to privateering, have accord- ■
Ingly been observed by both belligerents.
although neither was a party to that dec- :
laration.
Our country, thus, after an Interval of
half a century of peace with all nations.
Patriotism
Fired the
Nation.
found itself engaged in
deadly conflict with a
foreign enemy. Every '
nerve waa strained to ■
meet the emergency.
The response to the ini
tial call for 12.-..000 volun- '
tcers was Instant and complete, as was
also the result of the second call of May
5 for 75,000 additional , volunteers. The
ranks of the regular army were increased
to the limits provide^ by the act of April
23. The enlisted force of the navy on
August I.">, when It reached Its maximum
numbered 24.123 men and apprentices. One
hundred and three vessels were added to
the navy by purchase, one was presented
to the Government, one leased and the
four vessels of the International Navi
gation Company/the st. Paul. St. Louis
New York and Paris, were chartered. In
addition to this the revenue cutters and
lighthouse tenders were turned over to
the Navy Department and became tem
porarily a part of the auxiliary navy
The maximum effective fighting force
of the navy during: the war, separated In
to classes, was as follows:
Tour hnttle-ships of the first class, one
battle-ship of the second class, two ar
mored cruisers, six coast defense moni
tors, one armored ram, twelve protect
ed cruisers, three unprotected cruisers
eighteen gunboats, one dynamite cruiser!
eleven torpedo boats, fourteen old vessels
of the old nay. including monitors. -
Auxiliary navy — Auxiliary cruisers:
Twenty-eight converted yachts, twenty
seven converted tugs, nineteen converted
colliers, four revenue cutters, four light
house tenders and nineteen miscellaneous
vessels. ' : ■
Much alarm was felt along the entire
Atlantic seaboard lest" an attack might
be made by the enemy.
Every precaution was i
taken to prevent possl- j
ble injury to our great '
< -it;* i lying along the
coast. Temporary gar-
Protected
the Atlantic
Seaboard.
rlsons were provided, ,
drawn from the State militia; Infantry and ;
light batteries wore drawn from the vol- I
unteer force. About 12. W0 troops were thus
employed. The coast signal service: was
established for observing the approach of
an enemy's ships to the coast of the Uni
ted States and the lighthouse service co
operated, which enabled the Navy. De
partment to have nil portions of the At
lantic coast from Maine to Texas under
observation. ; . .'
, The auxiliary navy .was created under
the authority of Congress, and was ofil
cered and manned by the naval militia of
the several States. This organization pa
trolled the coast and performed the duty
of a second arm of defense. \ . ■■•■
Under, the •direction, of the chief enjri
neer submarine mines were placed at the
most exposed points. Before the ; wan
permanent mining casemates and cabf?
jfalli rtei had been constructed at all im- j
portant harbors. Most of the torpedo
material was not to be found in the mar
ket and had to be specially manufac
tured. Under date of April 19 district offi
cers were directed to > take all preliminary
measures, short* of ; actual attaching of
the loaded mines ■> to : the cable, • and 'on '
April 22 telegraphic orders, were Issued to
place the loaded mines In position. t,c; ■;
The aggregate number j of mines placed
was i:io3 at the principal harbors from
Maine to California. Preparations were
also made ■ for the '. planting :of mines z at
certain other harbors, but . owing l to ~ the I
early destruction of the * Spanish fleet
these mines : were : not placed. -.: - ; «.
• ..The signal corps .was promptly . organ- !
ized and.. performed service. of the ? most I
. .* ■ a i #11 ,-...1* «*.,a-. a—_ _._* *. .1
diffloult and Important
character. Its opera
tions during the war
covered the electrical |
connection of all coast :
fortifications, the estab- '
lishment of telephonic I
facilities for the .camps
Magnificent
Work of
Signal Corps.
and telegraphic
at Manila. Santiago and In Porto Rico,
mere were constructed 300 miles of line
at ten great camps, thus facilitating mill
tary, movements ; from those points in a
1^ 1 "* ller ;etofore unknown in military
administrat on.' Field telegraphic lines
jrare established- and maintained under
\io fi S y 8 , fire at Manila and later the
Manila-Hongkong : cable was . reopened.
rr,P orto Rico able communication was
hfnS cd h ov £ r a > discontinued route, and on
n£ d A he ' headquarters of the command
'f"™" - was kept in telegraphic and
telephonic communication with the divi
sion commanders on four different " lines
oi operations.
co^ni^;^ as PPaced' aced in Cuban waters a
ca m i?L ' e >. outfitted cable ship with war
£h«*« t d able gear stable both for
■lnnr-in^ s V v " lon of : communications -be
n ent %■«% ■« , tbe;ene F and the establish
distro^.H U ,r^ wn -«v T y° ocean cables were
U er he demy's batteries at
IneKn Th f day previous, to the. land
nn P ™ J?tM ral Shafter ' s cor at Caima-
SliS^-pihi 11 twent >' miles of the landing.
R; a , ble communication was establish
ea ana. a cable station opened, giving di
■at vW catlon w with the Government
able tn th" ston - T his service was invalu
ation=? the executive in directing the oper
\v!Vh of , the army and navy.
w-is L i, otal fo f ee ° over 1300, the loss
c\rl 1 (ilSoas 1 c in camp and field, offi
cers and men Included, only five.
000 fun"/ U » nal defense ' under the 150.000,-
WO fund, was expended in large part by
me army and navy, and
the objects for 'which
it was used are fully
shown In reports of the
several secretaries. It
was a most timely an-
War Revenue
Promptly
Contributed.
'/-,„,.„ proprlation, enabling the
! tjo^ernment to strengthen its defenses and
, make preparations greatly needed in case
of war. This fund being Inadequate to
the requirements of equipment and for
the conduct of the war. the patriotism of
• ongress provided the mean.; in the
! war revenue act of June 13. by aiuhorlz
i ing a popular loan not to exceed J4OO 000 COO
and by levying additional imports and
taxes, or the authorized loan J2OO 000 000
i were Offered and promptly tak*>n, the sub
scriptions bo far exceeding tba call as to
cover It many times over, while, prefer
ence being Riven to the smaller bids, no
single allotment exceeded fSOM. This was
i a most encouraging and significant result.
I snowing the vast resources of the nation
1 anutnc determination of tlu- people to up
hold their country's honor. •
t is not within the province of this
I menage to narrate the history of the ex
> traordlnary war which followed the
Spanish declaration of April 21. but a
brief recital of its more salient features
is appropriate. The first encounter of the
war, in point of date, took place April °7
when a detachment of the blockading
squadron made a reeonnoissance in force
at Matanzas, shelled the harbor forts
! and demolished several new works in con
struction.
The next engagement was destined to
mark a memorable epoch In maritime
warfare. The Pacific
fleet, under Commodore
George Dewey, had lain ;
for some weeks at Hong- !
kong. Upon the colon
ial proclamation of neu-
Dewey's
Memorable
Victory.
tralny being issued and I
the. customary twenty-four hours' notice
beingelven, It repaired to Mirs Hay. near
Honfdtong. whence r proceeded to the
Philippine Islands under telegraph'c I
orders to capture or destroy the
formidable Spanish fleet then as
sembled at Manila. At daybreak
on the Ist of May. the American
force entered Manila Ray and after a few
hours' engagement effected the total de
struction of the Spanish fleet, consisting
of ten warships and a transport; besides
capturinK the naval station and the forts
at Cavite, thus annihilating the Spanish
naval power In the Pacific Ocean and
cnmplotelv controlling the bay of Manila !
with the ability to take the city at will.
Not a life was lost on our ships, the ;
wounded only numbering seven, while not
ii vr-.epcl was materially injured. For this
pallanv achievement Congress, upon
my recommendation, fitly bestowed upon
the actors preferment and substantial re
ward.
The effect of this remarkable victory
upon th" spirit of our people and upon the
fortunes nf war was Instant. A prestige
of invincibility thereby attached to our
arms, which continued throughout the
struggle. Reinforcements were. hurried
to Manila, under the command nf Major
General Merrltt, and firmly established
within sight of the capital, which lay
helpless before our guns. On the 7th day
of May the Government was advised of
ficially of the victory at Manila, and at
once Inquired of the commander of our
fleet what troops were required. The in
formation was received on the 13th day
of May, and the first army expedition
sailed May i!J and arrived at Manila June
80. Other expeditions soon followed, the
total force consisting of 641 officers and
15,058 men.
Only reluctance to cause needless loss
of life and property prevented the early
storming and capture of
the city, and therewith
the absolute military
occupancy of the whole
group. The Insurgents
meanwhile, had re-
Planned to
Play a
Lone Hand.
sumed the active hos
tilities suspended by the uncompleted
truce of December, 1897. Their forces In
vested Manila from the northern and
eastern side, .but were constrained by
Admiral Dewey and General Morritt from
attempting an assault. It was lining that
wnatever. was to be done in the ■ wav of
decisive operations In that quarter should
be .'iccomi)')£hed by the strong arm of the
United States alone. Obeying the stern
precept of war, which enjoins the over
coming of the adversary and the extinc
tion of his power wherever assailable as
the speedy and sure means to win a
peace, divided victory was not permis
sible, for no partition of i the rights and
responsibilities attending the enforcement
of a just and, advantageous peace could be
thought of. • -. . :■:■■
, Following the comprehensive scheme, of
general attack, powerful forces were as
sembled at various points on our coast to
invade Cuba and Porto Rico. Meanwhile
naval demonstrations were made at sev
eral exposed points. On May 11 the cruiser
Wilmington and the torpedo-boat Wins
low were unsuccessful in an attempt to
silence the batteries at Cardenas Worth
Bagley and four seamen falling These
grievous fatalities were, strangely enough
among the very few which occurred dur
ing our : naval operations in this extraor
dinary conflict. ' .
• Meanwhile the Spanish naval prenara
tions. had been \ pushed with great visor
A powerful squadron under Admiral Cer
vera, which had assembled at the Can*
Verde Islands before the outbreak of hoi
till ties, had crossed . the i ocean, ; and by ha !
erratic ' movements in the > Caribbean Sea
delayed our military operations while
baffling the pursuit of our fleets. For a
time fears were felt lest the Oregon and
Marietta, then nearing home after their
long voyage from San Francisco ; of over
10.000 miles, might be surprised by Admiral '
Cervera's fleet, but their fortunate arrival !
dispelled the apprehensions and lent much
needed reinforcements. Not .vntll Admiral !
Cerveratook refuge In the harbor of San- j
! tiago de Cuba, about May 9, was it prac
: ticable to plan a systematic military at
tack upon the Antlllean possessions of
, Spain.
Several demonstrations occurred on the
; coast of Cuba and Porto Rico in perpara
tion for the larger event. On May 13 the
, North Atlantic squadron shelled San Juan
Ide Porto Rico. On May 20 Commodore
; Sehley's squadron bombarded the forts
: guarding the mouth of Santiago harbor.
; Neither attack had any material result.
i It was evident that well ordered land op
• erations were indispensable to achieve a
! decided advantage.
The next act in the war thrilled not
alone the hearts of our countrymen but
. the world by its exceptional heroism. On
the night of June 3
Lieutenant Hobson,
backed by seven volun
teers, blocked the nar
row outlet from Santi
ago harbor by sinking
the collier Merrimac in
Hobson's Deed
Thrilled
the World.
i the channel under a severe fire from the
Shore batteries, escaping with their lives
a* by a miracle, but falling Into the
hands of the Spaniards. It Is a most grat
ifying incident of the war that the bra
very of this little band of heroes was cor
! dially appreciated by the Spaniards, who
■ sent a flag of truce to notify Admiral
', Sampson of their safety and to compli
ment them upon their daring act. They
i were subsequently exchanged July 7.
By June 7 the cutting of the last Cuban
rable Isolated the Island. Thereafter .the
i Invasion was vigorously prosecuted. On
June 10. under a heavy protecting fire, a
landing force of (W marines from the Ore
gon. Marblf-head and Yankee was effect
ed on Guantanamo Bay. where It had been
determined to establish a naval station.
: This Important and essential port was
taken from the enemy after severe fight
ing by the marines, who were the first or
ganized force of the United States to land
in Cuba.
The position fo won was held despite
the desperate attempts to dislodge our
■ forces. By June 16 additional forces were
landed and strongly intrenched. On June
'22 the advance of the invading army
' under Major General Shafter landed at
Hatquirl. about 15 miles east of Santiago.
I This' was accomplished under great diffi
j cultfes, but with marvelous dispatch. On
i June 23 the movement against Santiago
; was begun. On the 2-lth the first serious
1 engagement took "place, in which the
! First and Tenth Cavalry and the First
I Volunteer Cavalry, General Young's
brigade of General Wheeler's division,
participated, losing heavily. By night
1 fall, however, ground within five miles of.
i Santiago was won. The advantage was
i steadily increased. On July 1 a severe
battle took place, our forces gaining the
outer works of Santiago, and E! Caney
and Sail juan were taken after a desper
ate charge, and the investment of the city
was completed. The navy co-operated by
shelling the town and the coast forts.
On the day following this brilliant
achievement of our land forces, July 2.
occurred the decisive
naval combat of the
war. The Spanish fleet,
attempting to leave the
harbor, was met by the
American squadron un-
Decisive
Naval Combat
of the War.
der command of Com
modore Sampson. In less than three
hours all the Spanish forts were destroy
ed the two torpedo boats sunk and the
Maria Teresa. Almirante Oquendo, Viz
caya and Cristobal Colon driven ashore.
The Spanish admiral and over 1300 men
were taken prisoners, while the enemy's
Los* of Ufa was deplorably large, some six
hundred perishing. On our side but one
man was killed and one man seriously
wound, d. Although our ships were re
peatedly struck, not one was seriously
injured. Whore all so conspicuously dis
tinguished themselves, from the com
manders to the gunners, and the unnamed
heroes In the boiler rooms, each and all
contributing toward the achievement of
this astounding victory, for which neither
undent nor modern history affords a par
allel In the completeness of the event, and
the marvelous disproportion of casualties,
it would be invidious to single out any
for special honor. Deserved promotion
has rewarded the more conspicuous act
,,rs—the nations profoundest gratitude is
due to all of those brave men who, by
their skill and devotion in a few short
hours crushed the sea power of Spain and
wrought a triumph whose decisiveness
ami far-reaching effeet3 can scarcely be
measured. Nor can we be unmindful of
the achievements of our builders, mechan
ics and artisans for their skill in the con
struction of our warships.
With the catastrophe or Santiago
Spain's effort upon the ocean virtually
ceased.
A spasmodic effort toward the end of
June to send her Mediterranean fleet un
der Admiral Camara to relieve Manila
was abandoned, the expedition being re
called after it had passed through the
Suez Canal. The capitulation of Santiago
followed. The city was closely besieged
by land, while the entrance of our ships
Into the harbor cut off all relief on that
side. After a truce to allow of the re
moval of the non-combatants protracted
negotiations continued from July 3 until
July 15, when under menace of immediate
assault, the preliminaries of surrender
were agreed upon.
On the 17th General Shafter occupied the
city. The capitulation embraced the en
tire eastern end of
. Cuba. The number of
Spanish soldiers surren
dered was 2L'.000, all of
whom were subsequently
conveyed to Spain at
the charge of the United
Capitulation
of
Santiago.
States. The story of this successful cam
paign is told In the report of the Secre
tary of War, which will be laid before
you. The individual valor of officers and
soldier* was never more strikingly shown
than in the several engagements' leading
to the surrender of Santiago, while the
prompt movements and successive vic
tories won instant and universal applause
To those who grained this complete triumph
which established the ascendancy of the
United States on land, as the fight oft
Santiago had fixed our supremacy on the
seas, the earnest and lasting gratitude of
the nation is unsparingly due. Nor should
we alone remember the gallantry of the
living; the dead claim our tears, "and our
losses by battle and disease must cloud
any exultation with the result and teach
us to weigh the awful cost of war, how
ever rightful the cause or signal the vic
tory.
With the fall of Santiago the occupation
of Porto Rico became the next strategic
necessity. General Miles had previously
been assigned to organize an expedition
for that purpose. Fortunately, he was al
ready at Santiago, where he had arrived
on the llth of July with reinforcements
for General Shaffer's army.
With these troops, consisting of 3415 in
fantry and artillery, two companies of
engineers and one company of the signal
corps, General Miles left Guantanamo on
July 21, having nine transports convoyed
by the fleet under Captain Higginson, with
the Massachusetts (flagship), Dixie Glou
cester. Columbia, and Yale, the two lat
ter carrying troops. The expedition land
ed at Guanica July 25. which port was en
tered with little opposition. Here the fleet
was Joined by the Annapolis and Wasn.
while the Puritan and Amphitrite went to |
Ban Juan and joined the Nei» Orleans, ;
which was engaged in blockading that ,
port. The major general commanding
was subsequently reinforced by General I
Schwan's brigade of the Third Army 1
Corps, by General Wilson with a part of
his division and by General Brooke with I
% pa L l of hIR corps, numbering In all 16,
iut officers and men. On July 27 he enter
ed Ponce, one of the most important ports
In the Island, from which he thereafter di
rected operations for the capture of the
island.
.u AVllh the exc eption of encounters with j
the enemy at Guayamo, Uermiguerez. !
coamo and Yaueo. and an attack on a :
force landed at Cape San Juan, there was
no serious resistance. The campaign was I
prosecuted with great vigor and by the
12th of August much of the Island
was In our possession and the acqui
sition of the remainder was only a matter !
of a snort time. At most of the points in
the island our troops were enthusiasti
cally welcomed. Protestations of loyalty
to the flag and gratitude for delivery from ;
Spanish rule met our commanders at ev
ery stage. As a potent Influence toward
peace the outcome of the Porto Rican ex
pedition was of great consequence, and
generous commendations are due to those
who participated In it.
The last scene of the war was enacted
at Manila, its starting place. On August \
loth, after a brief as
eault upon the works '
by the land forces, in
which the squadron as- |
sisted, the capital sur- i
rendered conditionally.
Last Scene
of War
at Manila.-
The casualties were
comparatively few. By this conquest of
the Philippine Islands, virtually accom
plished when the Spanish capacity for
resistance was destroyed by Admiral
Dewey, his victory of the Ist o. May was
formally sealed. To General Merritt, his
officers and men, for the uncomplaining
and devoted services, for their gallantry
in action, the nation Is sincerely grate
ful. The long voyage was made with sin
gular success, and the soldierly conduct
of the men, of whom many were without
previous experience in the military ser
vice, deserves unmeasured praise.
Ihe total casualties in killed .and
wounded in the army during the war was
as follows: Officers killed, 23; enlisted
men killed, 257; total, 280; officers wound
ed 113; enlisted men wounded,l464; total.
1.V77. Of the navy, killed 17, wounded ffT;
died as result of wounds, 1; invalided
from service. 6; total, 91.
It will be observed that while our navy
was engaged in two great battles and in
numerous perilous undertakings in the
blockades and bombardments, and more
than GO,OOO of our troops were transported
to distant lands and engaged in assault
and siege and battle and many skirm
ishes in unfamiliar territory, we lost in
both arms of the service a total of 166S
killed and wounded, and in the entire
campaign by land and sea we did not lose
a gun, or a flag, or a transport, or a ship,
and with the exception of the crew of the
Merrimac not a soldier or sailor was tak
en prisoner.
On August 7, forty-six days from the
date of landing of General Shafter's army
in Cuba and twenty-one days from the
surrender of Santiago, the United States
troops commenced embarkation for home.
ana our entire force was returned to the
I'r.ited States as early as August 24. They
were absent from the United States only
two months.
It Is fitting that I should bear testimony
to the patriotism and devotion of that
large portion of our
army which, although
eager to be ordered to
the post of greater ex
posure, fortunately was
not required outside of
Earned the
Gratitude
of the Nation.
the United States. They
did their whole duty and. like their corn-
I rades at the front, have earned the grat
itude of the nation. In like manner the
officers and men of the army and of the
navy who remained In their departments
and stations of the navy performing the
mos(J important duties connected with the
war and: whose requests for assignment
in the Held and ,at sea it was compelled
to refuse. because, their services- were In
dispensable here are, entitled to the high
est commendation. It is my regret that
there seems to be no provision for their
suitable recognition, i .
In this connection It Is a pleasure for
me to mention in terms of cordial appro
bation the timely and useful work of the
American National Red Cross, both in re
lief measures preparatory to the cam
paigns, in sanitary assistance at several
of the camps of assemblage and later, un
der the able and experienced lead
ership of the - president ,of the so
ciety. Miss Clara Barton on the
fields of battle and in the hospitals at the
front in Cuba. "Working in conjunction
with the Government authorities and un
der their sanction and approval and with
the enthusiastic co-operation of many
patriotic women and societies In the 1 vari
our States, the Red Cross has fully main- i
tamed its already high reputation for in
tense earnestness and ability to exercise !
the noble purposes of Its organization,
thus justifying the confidence and sup-
p i' rt v. whk ' i{ has received at the hands
of i he American people. To the members
and officers of this society and all who
aided them in their philanthropic work
the sincere and lasting gratitude of the
soldiers and the public is due and is free
ly accorded. In tracing these events we
are constantly reminded of our obliga
tions to the Divine Master for his watch
ful care .over us and his safe guidance,
for which. the nation makes revpvent ac
knowledgment and offers humble prayer
for the continuance of his favor
The f annihilation of Admiral Cervera's
fleet, followed by the capitulation of San- I
tiago, had brought to I
the Spanish Govern
ment a realizing sense
or the hopelessness of
continuing a struggle
now becoming wholly
Npain Makes
Overtures
for Peace.
unequal. It made over- I
tures of peace through the French Em- I
bassador, who, with the assent of his '■
Government, had acted as the friendly I
representative of Spain's interests during '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
___
LAUGHEDAT\
A merchant was told recently that he would be laughed at If he did not
advertise Holiday Goods in the papers. His answer was: Everybody knows
I have the biggest stock of such goods in town, what is the use paying to
tell about It in the newspapers? The world needs more to be reminded
than to be taught. It is a well-known fact that we carry the best and
cheapest and most desirable stock of Christmas things to be found any
where, and we are so proud of the fact we like to talk about it— and about
other bargains we have to sell.
TOYS FOR SCHOOLS . . 5c up
We have supplied ourselves this year with a
great variety of child's books, toys and play-
things to make little children happy— by the
dozen or hundred you get lowest wholesale
price for trade purpose* or for entertain-
ments. Ask for list.
BOOKS, BOUND 15c
• We sell you the same bound book at 15c
that you pay 25c for at credit stores— and a
gilt top I2mo at 25c listed at 75c. Toy books
from 5c up.
IRON WAGONS $2
This Is one of the best Iron express wagons
we know how to buy. We have smaller ones
at $1 up. A new invoice arrived yesterday.
LADIES' WRAPPERS.... SI
Fine tennis goods, neatly and prettily made,
all sixes to 42, mostly dark shades, other
wrappers 75c to 85c.
OLD-TIME STAPLES.
CHEESE.
Martin's young, mild, rich, lb 15c
TABLE OIL.
American, quart Lucca, bottle 15c
French, quart Lucca, bottle 60c
MUSTARD.
In fancy decorated dishes, excellent
quality of both 100
I the war. On the 26th of July M. Cambon
presented a communication signed by the
Duke of Almodovar. the Spanish Minister
of State, inviting the United States to
state the terms upon which it would b^
willing to make peace. On July 30, by a
communication addressed to the Duke of
Almodovar and handed by M. .Gambon,
the terms of this Government were an
nounced, substantially in the protocol
afterward signed. On Au.srust 10 the
Spanish reply, dated August 7, was hand
ed by M. Cambon to the Secretary of
State. It accepted unconditionally" the
terms imposed as to Cuba. Porto Rico
and an island of the Ladrone group, but
appeared to seek to introduce inad
missible reservations in regard to our de
mand as to the Philippines. Conceiving
that discussion on this point could neither
be practicable nor profitable I directed that
in order to avoid misunderstanding the
matter should be foi...with closed by pro
posing the embodiment in a formal pro
tocol of the terms in which the negotia
tions for peace were to be undertaken.
The vague and inexplicit suggestions of
the Spanish note could not be accepted,
the only reply being to present as a vir
tual ultimatum a draft of th-e protocol,
embodying the precise terms tendered to
Spain in our note of July 30, with adri^d
stipulations of detail as to the appoint
ment of -commissioners to arrange for the
evacuation of the Spanish Antilles. On
August 12 M. Cambon announced his re
ceipt of full powers to sign the protocol
as submitted. Accordingly, on the after
noon of August 12 M. Cambon. as the
plenipotentiary of Spain, and the Secre
tary of State, as the plenipotentiary of
the United States, signed the protocol,
providing:
"Article I— Spain will relinquish all
claim of sovereignty over and title to
Cuba.
"Article 3— Spain will cede to the United
States the island of Porto Rico and other
islands now under Spanish sovereignty in
the West Indies, and also an island in tho
Ladrones to be selected by the United
States.
"Article 3— The United States will oc
cupy and hold the city, bay and harbor
of Manila pending the conclusion of a
treaty of peace which shall determine the
control, disposition and government of the
Philippines."
The fourtti article provided for the ap
pointment of joint commissions on .the
part of the United States and Spain to
meet In Havana and San Juan, respect
ively, for the purpose of arranging and
earrving out the details of the stipulated
evacuation of Cuba, Porto Rico and other
Spanish islands in the West Indies.
The fifth article provided for the ap
pointment of not more than five com
missioners on each side, to meet at Paris
not later than October 1, and to proceed
to the negotiations and conclusions of a
treaty of peace, subject to ratification
according to the respective constitutional
forms of the two countries.
The sixth and last article provided that
upon the signature of the protocol hos
tilities between the two countries should
be suspended and that notice to that ef
fect should be given as soon as possible
by each Government to the commanders
of Its military and naval forces.
Immediately upon the conclusion of the
protocol I issued a proclamation of Au-
tilitlea on the part of
the United States. The
necessary orders to that
end were at once given
by telegraph. The
blockade of the ports of
Suspension
of All
Hostilities.
Cuba and San Juan de Porto Rico was in
like manner raised. On August 18 the
muster out of 100,000 volunteers, or as ne< -
that number as was found to be prac
ticable, was ordered.
On December 1 101,655 officers and men
had been mustered out and discharged
from the service. Nine thousand and two
more will be mustered out by the 10th of
the month. Also a corresponding number
of generals and general staff officers have
been honorably discharged from the
service.
The military committees to superintend
the evacuation of Cuba, Porto Rico and
the adjacent islands were forthwith ap
pointed: -
For Cuba— Major General James F.
Wade, Rear Admiral William T. Sampson,
Major General Matthew C. Butler. f
For Porto Rico— Major General John C%
Brooke. Rear Admiral Winfield S. Schlaf
Brigadier General W. Gordon, who sol
afterward met the Spanish commissioned
at Havana and San Juan, respectively.
The Porto Rlcan joint commission
speedily accomplished its? task, and by Oc
tober 18 the evacuation of the island was
completed. The United States flag was
raised over the island at noon that day.
The administration of Its affairs has
been provisionally intrusted to a Military
Governor until Congress shall other
wise provide. The Cuban Joint High Com
mission has not vet terminated its labors.
Owing to the difficulties in the way of re
moving the large numbers of Spanish
troops still in Cuba the evacuation cannot
be completed before the Ist of January
next.
Pursuant to the fifth article of the pro
tocol, I appointed William R. Day, lately
Secretary of State; Cushman K. Davis,
William Frye and George Gray, Senators
of the United States, and Whitelaw Reid
to be the peace commissioners on the
part of the United States. Proceeding in
due season to Paris, they there met on
the Ist of October five commissioners
similarly appointed on the part of Spain.
The negotiations have made hopeful prog
ress, so that I trust soon to be able to
lay a definite treaty of peace bofore the
Senate, with a review of the steps leading
to its signature.
I do not discuss at this time the gov-
ernnient or the future of the new pos-
■esslona which will
runic to us as the result
of the war with Spain.
Piich n ctlsCutoiori will
be appropriate after the
treaty of peace shall be
Government
of New
Possessions.
ratified. In the mean
time, and until Congress has legislated
otherwise, it will be my duty, to continue
! COFFEE.
Oreen. per lb 10, 124. 1«, 20, 25. Wo
Roast, per 1b.. .....;. ...11, 12 1 16, 18. 20, 250
j Ackerman's Coffee Extract 3o
TEA.
. 6 lbs 60c English Breakfast Tea......... tj 15
5 lbs COc English Breakfast Tea 2 40
CRACKERS.
Special Soda Crackers, %'».'. .45-
Special. Soda Crackers, %'■ 700
Special Extra Soda Crackers, %'» ' 7Sq
Tourist Butter, finest cracker made "** in*
Oyster Gem. per lb *"' g^
! CHOCOLATE.
Baker's Eagle, per lb '....;.... jj-
MACARONI.
A : box .of domestic for .... .j " ' »r
I TUB GOODS.
. 10-&allon keg Saurkraut... - , -■>
Cho-.v Chow, gallon tub 5......'"" 75:7 5:
I Tomato Catsup. 5-gallon keg. ..'"""" t,S
French Mustard 3-«railon keg......""" ?;»
Tomato Catsup, Butler's Eastern • *£2
Tomato Catsup, made by Snider:::::::: Jo
C as H STORE
25-27 Market St;,S.F.the military government which has exist
ed Bince <>ur occupation and give its peo
ple security in life 'and property and en
couragement under a just and beneficent
rule.
As soon as we are in possession of Cu
ba and have pacified the island it will be
necessary to give aid and direction to this
people to form a Government for them
selves. This should be undertaken at the
earliest moment consistent with safety
and assured success. It is important that
our relations with these people shall be of
the most friendly character and : our
commercial relations close and reciprocal.
It should be our duty to assist in every
proper way to build up the waste places
of the island, encourage the industry of
the people and assist them to form a
government which shall be free and in
liependent, thus realizing the best aspira
tions of the Cuban people.
Spanish rule must be replaced by a
Just, benevolent and humane govern
ment, created by the people of Cuba,
•apable of performing all international
obligations and which shall encourag3
thrift; Industry and prosperity and pro
mote peace and good will among all of
the inhabitants whatever may have been
their relations In the past. Neither re
venge nor passion should have a place in
the new Government. Until there is com
plete tranquillity on the island and a
Btable government Inaugurated, military
occupation will be continued.
With the exception of me rupture with
Spain, the intercourse of the United
Stutes with the great family of nations
has boon marked with cordiality and the
close Of the eventful year finds most of
the issues that necessarily arise in the
complex relations of sovereign States ad-
Justed or presenting no serious obstacles
to a Just and honorable solution by ami
cable agreement.
A long-unsettled dispute as to the ex
tended boundary between the Argentine
Republic and Chile,
stretching along the
Andean crests to the
southern border of the
Ataeama Desert, the]
Magellan Straits, nearly !
a third of the length of
Boundary of
Chile
and Argentine.
the South American continent, assumed
an acute stage in tho early part of the
(forded this Government occa- :
sion I" express the hope that the resort!
already contemplated by |
nventions between the parties, ]
lea Ite the grave difh'cul- |
rising in its application. I am happy f
that arrangements to this end have
ted, the questions of fact upon ;
■ etive commissioners were i
unable to agree being in course of refer- I
:■ Britannic Majesty for deter
mination. A residual dmerence, touching;
m boundary i >* the At
acan: tor which existing trea- 1
I ... quate adjustment, j
lir to l>^ settled • like manner by I
commission, upon which the United ;
Minister at Bu< aoa Ayres lias been j
J to serve as umpire in the last re- I
ive found ■ to approach the'
: ment with a view to re-;
: rate charges impos
• an American corpo- j
smfssion between Buenos
• Uruguay and Bra
through m | from and
States. Although the mat- ;
, plicated by exclusive conces- 1
by Uruguay and Brazil to foreign
a strong hope that a
fling will be reached and ;
that the Important channels of commer- .
.'. ■ en the United
.Hid the Atlantic cities of South
ca may b rum an aimost
it irj discrimination.
In this relation 1 may be permitted to j
•»} -. se of the fitness of an in
tional agreemeni whereby the Inter
message over connecting cables
regulated on a fair basis of uni
formity. The world I : : i- postal
i developed from a congeries of in
leni and exclusive service into a :
ered inlon, of which all countries
: the manifold benent. It would be '
were the nations not In time
-it to realize that modern eiviliza
• much nf its progress
■ annihilatl ■ by the electric
demands that this all-important
tion, a heritage of all
: es, to )•<• administered and regulated
in thi A step in this
in was taken wh^n the interna
conventio for the protec
v. as signed, and
ay is, F trust, not far distant when
this medium for the transmission of
thought t'r.im land t" iar.d may be brought
within the domain <>f international concert
!y as in the ni.-it.rinl carriage
ice upon the face of the
: : i--m.
The claim of .Thomas Jefferson Page
' Argentina, which has been pend
ing many years, has b<»en adjusted. The
Fum awarded by the Congress of Argen- !
Una was J4.242 35. i
The Bympathy of the American people ■
r" been nff. red to the ruler and i
tl ]..-ople of Austria-
Hungary by reason of j
the .itHietion that has
lately befallen them in
asslnation of the '
Empress-Queen of that
Sympathy and
Satisfaction
for Austria.
historic realm. On Sep
tember 10. 1897, a conflict took place at
Latlmer, Pennsylvania, between a body of
striking miners and the Sheriff of Luzerne
County and his deputies, in which twenty
two miners were killed . and forty-four
wounded, of which ten of the killed and
twelve of the wounded were Austrian and
Hungarian subjects. This deplorable
event naturally aroused the solicitude of
the Austro-liungarian Government which.
on the assumption that the killing and
wounding involved the unjustifiable mis- !
use of authority, claimed reparation for
the sufferers. Apart from the searching
Investigation and the peremptory action '
of the authorities of Pennsylvania, the,
Federal executive took appropriate steps :
to learn the merits of the case in order to
be In a position to meet the urgent com
plaint of a friendly power. The Sheriff
and his deputies, having been indicted for
murder, were, tried and acquitted after
protracted proceedings and the hearing of 1
thi 1 w?hS of witnesses, on the ground that
the killing was in the line of their offi, ial
™V, n hol a* law and preserve public
order in the State. A representative of 1
the Department of Justice attended the!
trials and reported its course fully With
all the facts in its possession, this Got- !
en m ' expects to reach a harminious i
understanding on the subject with that of I
Austria-Hungary, notwithstanding the re
newed claim of the latter after learning
he result of the trial, for indemnity tor
its injured subjects.
Despite the brief time allotted for nreD
aration the exhibit of this country at the
Universal Exposition at Brussels in 1&7
enjoyed the singular distinction of a lanr
<t proportion of awards, having regard to
the number and classes of articles en
tend, than those of other countries The
woith of such a result in making known
our national capacity to supply the
world's markets is obvious. Exhibitions
of this international character are becom
ing more frequent as the exchanges of
commercial countries grow more Ultimate
and varied. Hardly a year passes that
this Government is not invited to national
participation at some important foreign
center, but often on too short aollca to
permit of recourse to Congress for the
power and means. to do so." My predeces
sors have suggested the advisability of
providing by a general enactment a stand
ing appropriation for accepting such invi
tations and for representation of this
country by a commission. This plan has
my cordial approval.
I trust the Belgian restriction on the im
portations of cattle from the United States,
originally adopted as a
sanitary precaution. will
at an early date be mod
[fled as to their present
and future of hardship
and discrimination, so
Restrictions
on Cattle
Importations.
as to admit live cattle
under due regulation of their slaughter
after landing. I am hopeful, too, of a fa
in the Belgian treatment
of our preserved and salted meats. The
growth of direct trade between the two
countries, not alone for Belgian con
sumption and Belgian products, but by
way of transit from and to other conti
nental states, h:is oem both encouraging
and beneficial. No effort win be spared to
enlarge its advantages by seeking the re
moval of needless impediment and by ar
rangements for increased commercial
chang<
The year's events in Central America
deserve more than passing mention. A
menacing rupture be
between Costa Rica and
Nicaragua was happily
composed by the «igna
t ire of a convention be
the parties, with
the concurrence of the
Troubles in
Central
America.
Guatemalan representative as a mediator,
the a<t being negotiated and signed on
board the United States steamer Alert.
then lying '" Central American waters. It
' bell< ' '"' offices of our en
,,,! the- commander of that vessel
l>uted to thai gratifying outcome.
In my last message the situation was
ted with respeel to the diplomatic
).),r< gentatton <>f this Government In Cen
tral America, created by the association
fUa, Honduras and Salvador
Itle of the Greater Republic of
Central America and the delegation of
their International functions to the Diet
of Wlille the representative char
• , Diei iras recognized by many
■ and has been confirmed dur
ir.p my administration by receiving its ac
credited Envoy and granting exequaturs to
Consuls coming here under its authority,
that recognition was qualified by the dis
tinct understanding that the responsibility
of each of the component sovereign repub
lics toward the United States remained
wholly unaffected.
This provision was needful, inasmuch
as the compact of the three republics was
at the outset an association whereby cer
tain representative functions were dele
gated to a tripartite commission, rather
than a federation possessing centralized
powers of government and adminis
tration. In this view of the relation
1 of the United . States to the several re
publics, a change in the representation of
this country in Central America, was
neither recommended by the executive or
initiated by Congress, thus leaving one of
I our Envoys accredited as heretofore sep
arately to two States of the Greater Re
public, Nicaragua and Salvador, and to a
third State, Costa Rica, which was not
a party to the compact, while our other
Envoy was similarly accredited to the
union State of Honduras and the non
union State of Guatemala. The result has
been that the one presented credentials
only to the President of Costa Rica, the
other having been received only by the
Government of Guatemala.
Subsequently the three associated re
publics entered into negotiations for mak
i ing the steps forecast in the original com
pact. A convention of their delegates
iramed for them a federal constitution
under the name of the United States of
Central America and provided for a cen
tral federal Government and Legisla
ture. Upon ratification by constituent
states, the Ist of November last was fixed
www. c new syst em to go Into operation.
within a few weeks therafter the plan
was severely tested by revolutionary
movements arising, with a consequent de
mand for unity of action on the part of
the c military power of the federal States
to suppress them. Under this strain the
?h™, ? lon1 on see ms to have been weakened
through the withdrawal of its more im
nM^m m ?. mber ?- This Government was
not officially advised of the installation
attltiilii ed , ™"l" lo n and has maintained an
attitude of friendly expectancy. while in
from thY, rel l nqul hlns the Portion held
theslv,^ 1 that the responsibilities of
unalterp/^ Sta £ c ? towar <i "* remained
SSgnirtheSel^?' tentatlve relatlOnS
der h th^M 1 ? 8111 C u Mal Commission, un
der the chairmanship of Rear Admiral
Jonn G. Walker, ap
pointed July 24, 1897, un
der the authority of a
provision m the sundry
civil act of June 4 of
that year, has nearly
Importance of
Nicaragua
Canal Work.
the ro«siiH ** <* COl "pleted its labors and
th« i£ ts of lts exhaustive inquiry into
cSBt P S? P l«n« Ute Vi the f f as ibility and the
canal hv CC 00 ° n v-« rUCtion of an interoceanic
before yon HearH cara £"an route will be laid
work th ™ ln , tne Performance of its
murtMv mml8 i ßlon received all possible
Zsnf \i assistance from the govern-
£* Nl «»««ua and Costa Rica
the importance of giving appreciation of
the importance of giving a speedy and
practical outcome tO the project that has
lor so many years engrossed the attention
ot the respective countries.
As the scope of recent inquiry embraced
the whole subject, with the aim of mak
ing plans and surveys for a canal by the
must convenient route, it necessarily in
cluded a review of the results of previous
surveys and plans, and in Particular those
adopted by tile Maritime ("anal Company!
under its existing concessions from Nica
ragua and Costa Rica, so that to this ex
tent these grants necessarily held an es
sential part in the deliberations and con
clusions of the Canal Commission as they
have held and must needs hold in the
discussion of the matter by Congress Un
der these circumstances and in view of
overtures made to the governments of
Nicaragua and Costa Rica by other par
ties for a new canal concession predicated
on the assumed approaching lapse of the
contracts of the Maritime Canal Company
with those states, I have not hesitated
to express my convictions that considera- !
tions of expediency and international
policy, as between the several govern
ments interested in the construction and ;
control of an interoceanic canal by tnia ;
route require the maintenance of the !
status quo until the Canal Commission I
shall have reported and the United States
Congress shall have had the opportunity I
to pass finally upon the wh.'lo matter dur
ing the present session without prejudice !
by reason of any change in the existing
conditions.
Nevertheless, it appears that the gov
ernment of Nicaragua, as one of its last
sovereign acts before merging its lowers
in those of the newly formed United
States of Central America, has granted
an optional concession to another asso
ciation to become effective on the expira
tion of the present grant. It does not ap
pear what surveys have been made or
what route is- proposed -under this con
tingent grant, so • that an examination
of the feasibility of its plans is necessarily
not embraced in the report of the Canal
Commission. All these circumstances sug
gest the urgency of some definite action
by Congress at this session if the labors
of the past are to be utilized and the -link
ing of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by
a practical waterway is to be realized. •
That the construction of such a maritime •
highway is now more' than ever indis
pensable to that intimate and ready inter
communication between our eastern and
western seaboards demanded by the an
nexation of the Hawaiian Islands and
the prospective expansion of our inilunece
and commerce to the Pacific, and that our
national policy now more imperatively
than ever calls for its control by this
Government, are propositions which I
doubt not Congress will duly appreciate
and wisely act upon.
A convention providing for the revival
of' the late United States and Chilean
Claims Commission and the consideration
of claims which were duly presented to
the late commission, but not considered
because of the expiration of the time lim
it for the duration of the commission
was signed May 24, 1897, and has remain
ed unacted upon by the Senate. The
term therein fixed for effecting the ex
change of ratifications having elapsed, the
convention falls, unless the time be ex
tended by amendment, which I am en
deavoring to bring about with the friendly
concurrence of the Chilean Government.
The United States has not been an indif
ferent spectator of the extraordinary !
events transpiring in
the Chinese Empire,
whereby portions of its
maritime provinces are
passing under the con
trol of various Euro-
Extraordinary
Events
in China.
pean powers; but the
prospect that the vast commerce which the
energy of our citizens and the necessity
of our staple productions for Chinese uses
lias built up in those regions may not be
prejudiced through any exclusive treat
ment by the new occupants has obviated
the need of our country becoming an act
or in the scene.
Our position among nations having a
large Pacific coast, and a constantly ex
panding direct trade with the farther
Orient, gives us an equitable claim to
consideration and friendly treatment in
this regard and it will be my aim to sub
serve our large interests In that quarter
by all means appropriate to the constant
policy of our Government. The territo
ries of Kiaochau, of Wei-Hal-Wei and of
Port Arthur and Talian Wan, leased to
Germany, Great Britain and Russia re
spectively for terms of years, will, it is
announced, add to international com
merce during such occupation; and if no
discriminating treatment of American
citizens and their trade be found to exist
or be hereafter developed, the desire of
this Government would appear to be real
ised. In this relation, as showing the vol
ume and value of our exchanges with
China and the peculiarly favorable condi
tions which exist for their expansion in
the normal course of trade, I reter to the
communication addressed to the Speaker
of the House o.f Representatives by the
Secretary of the Treasury on the 14th of
last June, with its accompanying letter of
thte Secretary of State, recommending an
appropriation for a commission to study
the commercial and industrial conditions
Hi the Chinese Empire and report as to
the opportunities for and obstacles to the
enlargement of markets in China for the
raw products and manufactures of the
Lnited Mates. Action was not taken there
on during the late session. I cordially
urge that the recommendation receive a*t
your hands the consideration which it«
importance and timeliness merit
Meanwhile there may De just ground for
disquietude, in view or the unrest and re
vival of theokisentlmentof opposition and
prejudice to alien people which pervades
certain of the Chinese provinces As in
the case of the attacks upon our' citizens
in Szechuan and at Kutien in 18S5 the
United States Minister has been instruct
ed to secure the fullest measure of nro
tectlon, both local and imperial, for any
menaced American interests and to de
mand in case of lawless iniury to persons
or property instant reparation appropriate
to the wish. Warships have been stationed
at Tientsin for more ready observation
of the disorders which have invaded even
the Chinese capital, so as to be in a po
sition to act, should need arise, while a
guard of marines has been sent to Pekine
to afford the Minister there the same
measure of authoritative protection as the
representatives of other nations have been
constrained to employ.
Following close upon the rendition of
the award of my predecessor as arbitrator
01 the claim of the Jtal
ian subject, Cerrutl
against the republic of
Colombia differences
arose between the par
ties to the arbitration in
Arbitration
of the
Cerruti Claim.
regard to the scope and
extension of the award, of which certain
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
GUIDED THE SHIP OF STATE THROUGH SUCCESSFUL WAR TO SATISFACTORY PEACE,
WILLIAM MCKINLEY,M C KINLEY,
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
articles were contested by Colombia,
while Italy claimed their literal fulfill
ment. The award having- been made by
the President of the United States as an
act of friendly consideration and with the
sole view to an impartial composition of
matter in dispute, I could not but feel
concern at such a miscarriage and, while
unable to accept the Colonibian theory
that I, in my official capacity, pos^
continuing function as arbitrator, with
power to interpret or revise the terms of
the award, my best efforts were lent to
bringing the "parties to a harmonious
agreement as to the execution of its pro
visions.
A naval demonstration by Italy resulted
in an engagement to pay the liabilities
claimed upon their ascertainment, but
this apparent disposition of tne contro
versy was followed by a rupture ni diplo
matic Intercourse oetween Colombia and
Italy, which still continues, a^nnugn for
tunately without acute B — moms having
supervened. Notwithstanding this, ef
forts are reported to i>e continuing for the
ascertainment of Colombia's contingent
liability on account of Cerrutl s debts un
der the fifth article of the award.
A claim of an American citizen against
the Domingan republic for a bridge over
the Ozama River, which has been in dip
lomatic controversy for several years, has
been settled by expert arbitration, and an
award in favor of the claimant amounting
to about $90,000. It. however, remains un
paid despite urgent demands for its set
tlement according to the terms of the
compact.
There is now every prospect that the
participation of the United States in the
Universal Exposition to
be held in Paris in 1900
will be on a scale com
mensurate with the ad
vanced position held by
our products and indus
tries in the world's chief
The Great
Paris
Exposition.
marts The preliminary report of Mosea
P Handy, who. under the act approved
July 19 VHI, was appointed special com
missioner, with a view of securing all
attainable information necessary to a full
and complete understanding by Congress
in regard to the participation of this Gov
ernment in the I'aris Exposition, w*s laid
before you by my message of December
6. 1897, and showed the large opportunities
to make known our national progress in
art, science and manufactures, as well as
the urgent need of immediate and ade
quate provisions to enable due advantage
tnereoi 10 ue ia.n™. «-i. i"ui«j » »•*.«*•."
soon afterward rendered It necessary for
another to take up and complete his un
| finished work, and on January 11 last Mr.
! Thomas W. Crldler, Third Assistant Sec-
I retary of State, was designated to fulfill
that task. His report was laid before you
i by my message of June 14, 1898, with the
gratifying result of awakening renewed
! interest in the projected display. By a
provision in the sundry civil appropria
tion act of July 1. 1898, a sum not to ex
ceed $650,000 was allotted for the organiza
tion of a commission to care for the
i proper preparation and installation of
I American exhibits and for the display of
I suitable exhibits by the several executive
! departments, particularly by the Depart
ment of Agriculture, the Fish Commission
and the Smithsonian Institution, in the
representation of the Government of the
United States. Pursuant of that enact
ment, I appointed Mr. Ferdinand W. Peck
of Chicago Commissioner General, with
an assistant Commissioner General and
secretary. Mr. Peck •at once proceeded
"to Paris, where his success in enlarging
the scope and variety of the United States
exhibit has oeen most gratifying. Not
withstanding the comparatively limited
area of the exposition site— than one
half that of the World's Fair at Chicago—
the space assigned to the United States
has been increased from the absolute al
lotment of 157,403 square feet reported by
Mr Handy to some 202,000 square feet,
with corresponding augmentation of the
field for a truly characteristic represen
tation of the important branches of our
country's development. Mr. Peck re
port will be laid before you. In my judg
ment its recommendations will call for
your ' early consideration, especially as
regards an Increase of the appropriation
to at least one million dollars in all, so
that not only may the assigned space be
fully taken up by the best possible ex
hibit In every class, but the preparation
I and installation be on so perfect a scale
as to rank among the first tin that un
paralleled competition of artistic and in
ventive production, and thus counterbal
ance the i. disadvantage with which we
start, as - compared with other countries
whose appropriations are on a more gen
erous scale and whose preparations are
in a state , of much greater forwardness
than our own.
Where our ; artisans . have the admitted
capacity to * excel .where our inventive
genius has initiated many of the grandest
discoveries *of the later days of the cen
tury and where the native resources of
our land are as limitless as they are
valuable to supply, the world needs, it
is our province, as it should be our earn
est care to lead in the march of human
nrojrres? and : not rest: content with any
Secondary place; ; Moreover, if this be due
to ourselves, it is no less due to the great
French nation, whose guests we become,
and which has in so many ways ' testified
its wishes and hope that our participa
tion shall befit the place the two peoples
have won in the . field of universal devel
opment.  : > • -
• The commercial arrangement made with
France on May 28, 1898, ; under the provi
&iSß»«s3B*M* sions of section 3 of , the
tariff act of 1897, went.
Into effect on June 1,
following. It has reliev
ed a portion of our ex
port trade from serious
Trade With
Germany
and France.
I embarrassment. Fur
ther negotiations are now pending under
section 4 of the same act, with a view to
the Increase of trade between the two
countries to their mutual advantage.
Negotiations with other Governments, in
part interrupted by the war with Spain,
ar<' in progress under both section's of the
tariff act. I hope to be able to announce
pome of the results of these negotiations
during the present session of Congress.
Negotiations to the same end with Ger
many have been set on foot. Meanwhile,
no effort has been relaxed to convince
the. Imperial Government of thoroughness
of our inspection of pork products for ex
portation and it is trusted that the effi
cient administration of this measure by
the Department of Agriculture will be rec
ognized as a guarantee of the healthful
ness of the food staples we send abroad
to countries where their use is large and
necessary.
I transmitted to the Senate on February
10 last information touching the prohibi
tion against the importation of fresh
fruits from this country, which had been
recently decreed by Germany, on the
ground of danger of disseminating the
Ban Jose scale insect. This precaution
ary measure was justified by Germany on
the score of the drastic steps taken in
several States of the Union against the
spread of the pest, and the great
danger to German fruit growing in
terests should the scale obtain a
lodgment in that country. Temporary re
liel was afforded In the case of large con
signments of fruit then on the way by
inspection and admission when found'non
inftcted. Later the prohibition was ex
tended to dried fruits of every kind, but
was relaxed su as to apply only to un
peelcd fruit and fruit waste. As was to
be expected, the alarm reached to other
countries and Switzerland has adopted a
similar inhibition. Efforts are in progress
to induce the German and Swiss Govern
ments to relax the prohibition in favor of
dried fruits shown to have been cured
under circumstances rendering the exist
ence of animal life impossible.
Our relations with Great Britain have
continued on the most friendly footing.
Assenting to our re
quest the protection of
Americans and their in
terests in Spanish juris
diction was assumed by
the diplomatic and Con-
Our Relations
With
Great Britain.
suiar representatives of
Great Britain, who fulfilled their delicate
ana arduous trust with tact and zeal,
eliciting high commendation. I may be
allowed to make fitting allusion to the
instance of Mr. Ramsden, her Majesty's
Consul at Santiago do Cuba, whose un
timely death after distinguished service
and untiring efforts during the siege of
that city was sincerely lamented.
In the early part of April last, pursuant
of a request made at the instance of the
Secretary of State to the British Era
bassador, at this capital, the Canadian
Government granted facilities for the
passage fur the United States revenue cut
ters from the Great Lakes to the Atlantic
coast by way of the Canadian canal and
the St. Lawrence River. The vessels had
reached Lake Ontario and were there
awaiting the opening of navigation when
\v;ir was declared between the United
States and Spain. Her Majesty's Govern
ment thereupon by communication of the
latter part of April stated that the per
mission granted before the outbreak of
hostilities would not be withdrawn pro
vided the United States Government gave
assurance that the vessel in question
would proceed direct to a United States
port without engaging in any hostile op
eration. This Government promptly
agreed to the stipulated condition, It be
ing understood that the vessel weuld not
be prohibited from resenting any hostile
attack.
It will give me special satisfaction if I
shall be authorized to communicate to you
a favorable conclusion of the pending ne
gotiations with Great Britain in respect
to the Dominion of Canada. It is the ear
nest wish of this Government to remove
all sources of discord and Irritation in re
lations with the neighboring Dominion
The trade between the two countries is
constantly increasing and it is important
to both countries that all reasonable fa
cilities should be granted for its develop
ment.
The Government of Greece strongly
urges the onerousness of the duty here im
posed upon the currants of that country
amounting to 100 per cent or more of their
market value. This fruit is stated to be
exclusively a Greek product, not coming
Into competition with any domestic prod
uct. The question of reciprocal commer
cial relations with Greece, including the
restoration of currants to the free list
is under consideration.
The long-standing claim of Berand
Campbell for damages for injuries sis
tained from a violent assault committed
against him by military authorities in the
island of Hayti has been settled by the
agreement of that republic to pay him
$10,000 in American gold. Of this sum $5000
has already been paid. It is hoped that
other pending claims of American citizens
against that republic may be amicably
adjusted.
Pending the consideration by the Senate
of the treaty signed June 16." 1897. by the
Plenipotentiaries of the
United States and of
the republic of Hawaii,
providing for the an
nexation of the island,
a joint resolution to
Annexation
of
Hawaii.
accomplish the same
purpose by accepting the offered cession
and incorporating the ceded territory into
tho Union was adopted by the Congress
and .approved July 7, 1898. I thereupon di
rected the United States steamer Phila
delphia to convey Rear Admiral Miller to
Honolulu and entrusted to his hands this
important legislative act to be delivered
to the President of the republic of Ha
waii, with whom the admiral and the
United States Minister were authorized
to make appropriate arrangements for
transferring the sovereignty of the isl
ands to the United States. This was sim
ply but impressively accomplished on the
12th day of August last by the delivery of
a certified copy of the resolution to Presi- i
dent Dole, who thereupon yielded up to
the representative of the Government of
the United States the sovereignty and |
public property of the Hawaiian Islands.
Pursuant to the terms of the joint reso- I
lution and in exercise of authority there- !
by conferred upon me. I directed that the
civil, judicial and military powers there
tofore exercised by the officers of the
Government of the republic of Hawaii
should continue to he exercised by those
officers until Congress shall provide a
government for the incorporated terri
tory, subject to my power to remove such
officers and to fill vacancies. The Presi
dent, officers and troops of the republic
thereupon^ took the oath of allegiance to
tne United States, thus providing for the
uninterrupted continuance of all the ad
ministrative and municipal functions of
the annexed territory until Congress shall
otherwise enact. .
.Following the further provision of the
■ki < V , l i ltl< \ I l' - 1 appointed the Honor
ables Shelby M. Culiom of Illinois, John
1 Morgan of Alabama, Robert R. Hitt of
Illinois, Sanford B. Dole of Hawaii and
Walter X Gr i er of Hawaii as Commis
sioners to confer and recommend to Con
gress such legislation concerning the Ha
waiian Islands as they should deem
necessary or Proper. The Commissioners
having fulfilled the mission confided to
them, their, report will be laid before you
at an early day. It is believed that their
recommendations will have the earnest
consideration due to the magnitude of
the responsibility resting upon you to
give such shape to , the relationship of
TTnint, mid 'n a K iflC „ lands to our home
L i mon a will benefit both In the highest
degree, realizing the aspirations of the
community that has cast Its lot with us I
and elected to hare our political herit
age, while at the same time. Justifying
the foresight of those who for three
quarters of a century have looked to the
assimilation of Hawaii as a natural and
inevitable consummation in harmony with
our needs and in fulfillment of our cher
ished traditions.
The questions heretofore pending be
tween Hawaii and Japan, growing out of
the aleged mistreatment of Japanese
treaty immigrants; were, I am pleased to
say adjusted before the act of transfer
nftv £ ■ i S ayi o ent of a reasonable indem
nity to the Government of Japan
m, T .r t^ the p , ro y lsions of the joint reso
lution the existing customs relations of
the Hawaiian Islands with the United
States and with other countries remain
unchanged until legislation shall other
wise provide The Consuls of Hawaii
VV cie ii mir nii an .l " forei £ n countries, continue to
fulllll their commercial agencies, while
the United States Consulate at Honolulu
is maintained for all proper services per
tain ng to trade and the revenue It
would be desirable that all foreign Con
suls in the Hawaiian Islands should re
ceive new exequaturs from this Govern-
Ihe attention of Congress is called to
the fact that our consular offices, having
ceased to exist in Hawaii and being about
to cease in other countries coming under
the sovereignty of the United States the
provisions for the relief and transporta
tion of destitute American seamen in
these countries under our consular regu
lations will in consequence terminate It
X pr i°P e w" therefore . that new legislation
should be enacted upon this subject in
order to meet the changed conditions
The interpretation of certain provisions
of the extradition convention of December
11, 1861, has been at va
rious times the occasion
of controversy with the
Government of Mexico.
An acute difference
arose in the case of the
Mexican demand for the
delivery of Jesus Guer-
Controversy
With
Mexico.
rera, who, having led a marauding expedi
tion near the border with the proclaimed
purpose of initiating insurrection against
President Diaz, escaped into the United
States. Extradition was refused on the
ground that the alleged offense was politi
cal in its character and therefore came
within the treaty proviso of non-surren
der. The Mexican contention was that the
exception only related to purely political
offenses and that as truerrera's acts were
admixed with the common crime of mur
der, arson, kidnaping and robbery, the
option of non-delivery became void, a
position which this Government was un
able to admit, in view of the received in
ternational doctrine and practice In the
matter. The Mexican Government, in
view of this, gave notice on January 24
1898, of the termination of the convention
to take effect twelve months from that
date, at the same time inviting the con
clusion of a convention toward which ne
gotiations are on foot.
Toward this relation I may refer to the
necessity of some amendment of our ex
isting extradition statute. It is a com
mon stipulation of such treaties that
neither party shall be bound to give up
its own citizens with the added proviso
in one of our treaties, that with Japan
that it may surrender if it see fit. It is
held in this country by an almost uni
form course of decisions that where a
treaty negatives the obligation to surren
der the President is not invested with le
gal authority to act. The confirming of
such authority would be in the line of that
sound mortality which shrinks from afford
ing secure asylum to the author of a
heinous crime. Again, statutory provi
sion might be well made for what is
styled extradition by way of transit,
whereby a fugitive, surrendered by on«
foreign Government to another, may be
conveyed across the territory of tha
United States to the Jurisdiction of the
demanding State. A recommendation in
this behalf, made in the President's mes
sage of 1896, was not acted upon. The
matter is presented for your considera
tion.
The problem of the Mexican free zone
has been often discussed with regard to
its inconvenience as a provocative of
smuggling into the United States along an
extensive and thinly guarded land bor
der. The effort made by the joint reso
lution of March 1. 1895. to remedy the
abuse charged by suspending the privilege
of free transportation in bond across the
territory of the United States to Mexico
failed of good result, as is stated in re
port No. 702 of the House of Representa
tives submitted in the last session,
March 11, IS9S. As the question is one to
be conveniently met by wise concurrent
legislation of the two countries looking to
the protection of the revenues by harmon
ious measures operating equally on either
side of the boundary, rather than by con
ventional arrangements. I suggest that
Congress consider the advisability of au
thorizing and inviting a conference of rep
resentatives of the Treasury Denartments
of the United States and Mexico to con
sider the subject in all its complex bear
ings and make report, with nertinent rec
ommendations, to the respective govern
ments for the information and the con
siderations of their Congresses.
The Mexican water boundary commis
sion has adjusted all matters submitted
to it to the satisfaction of both govern
ments, save in three important cases—
that of Chamizal at El Paso. Texas.
where the two commissioners failed to
agree and wherein, for this case only, this
Government has proposed to Mexico the
addition of a third member; the proposed I
elimination of what are known as "ban- {
■cos," small, isolated islands formed by the j
cutting off of bends in the Rio Grande,
from the operation of the treaties of 1884
and 1889, recommended by the commis
sioners and approved by this Govern
ment, but still under consideration by
Mexico; and the subject of the "equitable
distribution of the waters of the Rio
Grande." for which thecommissioners rec
ommended an international dam and res
ervoir, are approved by Mexico, but still
under consideration by this Government.
Pending these questions it is necessary to
extend the life of the commission, which
expires December 25 next.
The coronation of the young Queen of
the Netherlands was made the occasion of
fitting congratulations.
The claim of Victor H. McCord against
Pern, which for a number of years has j
been pressed by this Government and has
on several occasions attracted the atten
tion of Congress, has been satisfactorily
adjusted A protocol was si"ied May. IT.
1898, whereby the fact of liability being
admitted, the question of the amount to
be -warded was submitted to the Chief
Justice of Canada as sole arbitrator. His
award sets the indemnity due the claim- j
ant at MO .OOO.
The Government of Peru hn= given the j
prescribed notification of its intention to !
abrogate the treaty of friendship, com- I
merce and navigation, concluded with
this country August 1. IFS7. As that treaty
contains many important provisions nec
essary to the maintenance of commerce ;
and good relations which could with dim
culty be replaced by the nomination of re- j
newed provisions within the brief twelve
months intervening before the treaty ter
minates T have invited suggestions by
Peru as to the particlar provisions It is
desired to annul, in the hope of reaching
an arrangement whereby the remaining
articles may be provisionally saved. !
His Majesty the Czar, having announced
his purpose to raise the- imperial Russian
mission at this capital
to the rank of an em
bassy, I responded,
under the authority con
ferred by the act of
March 3. ISM, by com-
Czar's Peace
Project
Favored.
missioning and accredit
ing the actual representative at St. Pe
tersburg in the capacity of Embassador
extraordinary and plenipotentiary. Tne
Russian Embassador to this country has
since presented his credentials.
The proposal of the Czar for a general
reduction of the vast military establish
ments that weigh so heavily upon many
people in time of peace was communicated
to this Government with an earnest in
vitation to be represented in thf> confer
ence which it is contemplated to assem
ble with a view to discussing the means of
accomplishing so desirable a result. His
Majesty was at once Informed of the cor
dial sympathy of this Government with
the principle involved in his exalted pro
posal and of the readiness of the United
' States to take part in the conference. The
i active military force of the United States.
1 as measured by our population, territorial
I area and taxable wealth, is and under any
I conceivable prospective conditions must
! continue to be. in time of peace, so con
i spicuously less than that of the armed
', powers to whom the Czar's appeal is es
pecially addressed that the question can
have for us no practical importance save
as marking an auspicious step toward the
betterment of the condition of the modern,
peoples and the cultivation of peace and
good will among them, but in this view
it behooves us as a nation to lend coun
tenance and aid to the beneficent project.
The claims of owners of American sail-
Ing vessels for seizure by Russian cruisers
in Bering Sea are being pressed for set
tlement. The equities of the cases justify
the expectation that the measure of repar
ation will eventually be accorded in har
mony with precedent and in the light of
the proven tacts.
The recommendation made In my special
message of April 27 last is renewed, that
appropriation be made to reimburse the
master and owner of the Russian bark
! Hans for wrongful arrest of the master
! and detention of the vessel in February,
1896 by officers of the United States Dis
trict Court for the southern district of
Mississippi. The papers accompanying my
message make out a most meritorious
i claim and justify the urgency with which
it has boen presented by the Government
of Russia.
Malietoa T,aupepa, King of Samoa died
on August 22 last. According to article I
of the general act of
Berlin, "his successor
shall be duly elected ac
cording to the laws and
customs of Samoa."
Arrangements having
been agreed upon be-
Situation
in
Samoa.
twren the signatories of the generaJ act
for the return of Mataafa and the other
exiled Samoan chiefs, they were brought
from Jaluit by a German war vessel and
landed at Apia on September 18 last.
Whether the death of Malietoa and the
return of his old-time rival, Mataafa,
will add to the undesirable complications
which the execution of the tripartite gen
eral act has heretofore developed remains
to be seen. The efforts of this Govern
ment will, as heretofore, be addressed
toward a harmonious and eSact fulfill
ment of the terms of the international en
gagement to which the United States be
came a party in 1889.
The Cheek claim against Siam, after
some five years of controversy, has been
adiusted by arbitration, under an agree
ment signed July 8. 1597, an award of 706,
721 ticals (about $187,937), with the release
of Cheek's estate from mortgage claims,
having been rendered March 21, 1898, in
favor of the claimant by the arbitrator,
Sir Nicholas John Hannan, British Chief
Justice for China and Japan.
An envoy from Siam has been accredited
to this Government, and has presented his
credentials.
Immediately upon the outbreak of the
war with Spain, the Swiss Government,
fulfilling the high mission it has deserv
edly assumed as the patron of the Inter
national Red Cross, proposed to the
United States and Spain that they should
severally recognize and carry into exe
cution as a modus Vivendi during the con
tinuance of hostilities the additional arti
cles proposed by the International Con
ference at Geneva October 26, 1868, ex
tending the effects of the existing Red
Cross Convention of 1864 to tho conduct of
naval war. Folowing the example set by
France and Germany in 1870, in adopting
such a modus Vivendi, and in view of the
accession of the United States to those
additional articles in 1882. although tho
exchange of ratification thereof still re
mained unaffected, the Swiss proposal
was cordially accepted by us and simul
taneously by Spain.
This Government feels a keen satisfac
tion in having thus been enabled to tes
tify its adherence to the broadest prin
ciples of humanity even amidst the clash
of war, and it is to be hoped that the ex
tension of the lied Cross compact to hos
tilities by sea as well as on land may
soon become an accomplished fact
to the general promulgation of addi
tional naval Red Cross articles by the
maritime powers now parties to the con
vention of 1564.
The important question of the claim of
Switzerland to the perpetual cantonal al
legiance of American citizens of Swiss
origin hns not made hopeful progress to
ward a. solution, and controversies in this
regard still continue.
The newly accredited envoy of the Uni
ted States to the Ottoman Porte carries
instructions looking to
the disposal of matters
in controversy with
Turkey for a number
of years. He is espe
cially charged to press
for a just settlement
Our Claims
Against
the xui'k.
our claims for indemnity by reason of
the destruction of property of American
missionaries resident in that country dur
ing the Armenian troubles of 1895, as well
as for the recognition of older claims of
equal justness. He is also instructed to
seek an adjustment of the dispute grow
ing out of the refusal of Turkey to recog
nise the acquired citizenßhip of Ottoman
born citizens naturalized in the United
States since 1569 without prior imperial
consent, and in the same general relation
he is directed to endeavor to bring about
a solution of the question which has more
or less acutely existed since 1869 concern
ing the jurisdiction and rights of the
United States in matters of criminal pro :
cedure and punishment under article I\
of the treaty of 1830. This latter difficulty
grows out of a verbal difference, claimed
by Turkey to be essential, between the
original Turkish text and the promulgated
translation.
After more than two years from the ap
pointment of a Consul of this country to
Erzeroum he has received his exequatur.
The arbitral tribunal appointed under
the treaty of February, 1898, between
Great Britain ana Ven
ezuela to determine the
boundary between the
latter and the colony of
British Guiana is to
convene at Paris during
the nresent month, it
England
and
Venezuela,
is a source of much gratification to this
Government to see the friendly resort of
arbitration applied to the settlement or
this controversy, not alone because of the
earnest part we have had in bringing:
about the result, but also because the two
members named on behalf of Venezuela.
Mr. Chief Justice Fuller and Mr. Justice
Brewer, chosen from our highest court,
appropriately testify the continuing inter
est we feel in the definite adjustment of
the question according to the strictest
rules of justice. The British members.
Lord Herschel and Sir Richard Collins,
are jurists of no less exalted repute,
while the fifth member and president or
the tribunal. M. F. de Martens, has
earned a world-wide reputation as an au
thority on international law
The claim of Felipe Scandella against
Venezuela for arbitrary expulsion and in
jury to his business has been adjusted by
the revocation of the order of expulsion
and by the payment of the sum of $16,000.
I have the satisfaction of being able
to state that the Bureau of American Re
publics, created in im as the organ for
promoting commercial intercourse and
fraternal relations among the countries of
the Western Hemisphere, has become a
more efficient instrument of the wise pur
pose of its foundcrs^and is receiving tne
cordial support of the contributing mem
bers of the international union whiich are
actually represented in its board of man
agement. A commercial directory in two
volumes, containing a mass of statistical
matter descriptive of the industrial and
commercial interest of the various coun
tries, has been printed in English. Span
ish, Portuguese and German, and a
monthly bulletin, published in these four
languages and distributed in the Latin-
American counfi'-s as well as in the
United States, has proved to be a valu
able medium for disseminating informa
tion anil furthering the varied interests of
the International union.
During the past year the important
work of collecting information of practical
benefit to American industries and trade
through tin- apcncy of diplomatic and con
sular officers, has been steadily advanced,
and in order to lay such data before the
public with the least delay the practice
was begun in January. 1898, of issuing the
commercial reports from day to day as
they are received by the Department of
State. It is believed that for promptitude,
as well as fullness of information, the
service thus supplied to our merchants
and manufacturers will be found to show
sensible improvement and to merit the
liberal support of Congress.
The experiences of the last year bring
i forcibly home to use a sense of the bur-
dens and the waste of
war. We desire, in com
mon with most civilized
nations, to reduce to the
lowest possible point the
damage sustained in
time of war by peace-
To Render
War Less
Terrible.
; able trade and commerce. It is true we
I may suffer in such cases less than other
communities, but all nations are damaged
more or less by the state of uneasiness
and apprehension into which an outbreak
| of hostilities throws the entire commercial
world. It should be our object, therefore,
to minimize, so far as practicable, this
inevitable loss and disturbance. This pur
pose can probably be best accomplished
I by an international agreement to regard
! all private property at sea as exempt
j from capture or destruction by the forces
of belligerent powers. The United States
Government has for many years advo-
I cated his humane and benelicent princi
; pie and is now in position to recommend
: it to other powers without the imputation
;of selfish motives. I, therefore, suggest
i for your consideration that the Executive
I be authorized to correspond with the Gov
! ernments of principal maritime powers
I with a view ol incorporating into the
I permanent law of civilize \ nations the
l principle of the exemption of all private
■ property at sea. not contraband of war
! from capture or destruction by belligerent
t J!? c ,t ecretai T of the Treasury reports
j that the receipts of the Government
irom an sources during
Revenues the fiscal year ended
n f +v,« une 30 - 189S - including
Of the $84,751,223 received from
Government sale of Pacific railroads,
government, amounted to $405,321,335
.. .„ '■ ■„„ „ ana us expenditures to
$443,368,052. There was obtained from cus
toms $149,575,062, and from internal reve
nue $170,900,641. Our dutiable imports
amounted to $324,735,479. a decrease of $58 -
156,690 over the preceding year, and im
portations free of duty amounted to $291,
414,175, a decrease from the preceding year
of $90,524,068. Internal revenue receipts
exceeded those of the preceding year by
$24,212,068.
The total tax collected on distilled spir
! its was $92,546,939, on manufactured tobac
: co $36,230,522 and on fermented liquors $39,
515,421. We exported merchandise during:
! the year amounting to $1,231,482,330, an in
j crease of $180,488,774 from the preceding
year.
It is estimated upon the basis of present
revenue laws that the receipts of the Gov
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1899,
will be $577,874,607, and its expenditures
$689,874,647, resulting in a deficiency of
$112,000,000..
On the Ist of December, 1898, there was
held in the Treasury go.d coin amounting
to $138,441,547; gold bullion amounting to
$188,502,545; silver bullion amounting to
$93,359,250. and other forms of money
amounting to $451,963,981.
On the same date we amount of money
of all kinds in circulation or not included
in Treasury holdings was $1,836,879,504, an
increase for the year of $165,794,966.
Estimating our population at 75.104,000 at
the time mentioned, the per capita circu
lation was $25 09.
On the same date there was in the
! !— ■———■— — — — — — — —^— "— ™
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Some people in the world persist in
clinging to old methods. There are men
who still use a forked stick in place of a
modern plow. There are also men, who,
when they are troubled with a disordered
stomach or liver, resort to the old-fashioned
violent remedies that rack and rend the
whole body, and while they give temporary
relief, in the long run do the entire system
a great amount of harm.
Modern science has discovered remedies
infinitely superior to these old-fashioned
drugs, that do their work by promoting the
natural processes of excretion and secre-
tion and gently correcting all circulatory
disturbances. When a man feels generally
out of sorts, when he loses sleep at night,
when he gets up headachey and with a bad
taste in his mouth in the morning, when he
feels dull and lethargic all day, when his
appetite is poor and his food distresses
him, when work comes hard and recreation
is an impossibility, that man, though he
may not believe it, is a pretty sick man.
He is on the road to consumption, nervous
prostration, malaria, or some serious blood
disease. In cases of this description a man
should resort at once to Dr. Pierce s Golden
Medical Discovery. It is the best medicine
for a weak stomach, impaired digestion
and disordered liver. It is the great blood-
maker and purifier, flesh-builder and nerve
tonic. It cures 98 per cent, of all cases of
consumption, bronchitis, lingering coughs
and kindred ailments. Thousands have
testified to its marvelous merits. It is
a modern, scientific medicine that aids
without goading nature, and that has stood
the test for thirty years. Medicine dealers
sell it
Dr. Pierce'- Pellet 3 cure constipation.
3no_text4
Treasury gold bullion amounting to $138,
502.545.
The provision made for strengthening
the resources of the Treasury in connec
tion with the war has given increased
confidence In the purpose and power of
the Government to maintain the. present
standard and has established more firmly
than ever the national credit at home and
abroad. A i afked evidence of < this is
found in the inflow of gold to the Treas
ury. Its net gold holdings on November 1,
1898, were *J«9,SSS.IGO. as compared with
$153 573,147 on November I, 18!T7: an i an in
crease of net cash of $207,756,100 on Novem
ber 1, 1597, to $306,238,275 November 1. IVY
The present ratio of net Treasury gold
outstanding, giving liabilities including
United States Treasury notes of 1890 sil
ver certificates, currency certificates,
standard silver dollars and fractional sil
ver coin. November 1. 1898, was 25.35 per
cent, as compared with 16.9G per cent No
vember 1. 1897.
I renew so much of my recommendation
of December. 1897. a* follows:
That when any of the United States notes
- are presented for redemption and are re
deemed in gold, such not-« shall be kept and
pet apart and only paid out in exchange for
Kold. This la on obvious"
duty. If the holder of ■
United states note prefers
gold anil gets it from the
Government he should not .
receive back from the
United States a note with-
Proposed
Currency
Legislation.
cut paying gold for it in exchange. The rea
" ■on for this Is made all the more apparent i
when the Government issue an Interest bearing |
debt to provide gold for the redemption of,
I'nited States notes, a non-Interest bearing
debt. Surely it should not pay them out again
except on demand and for gold. If they are
put out in any other way they may return
again, to be followed by another bond issue
to redeem them, another interest bearing debt
to redeem a non-Interest bearing debt.
This recommendation is made In the be
lief that such provision of law would in
sure to a greater degree the safety of the
present standard and better protect our
currency from the dangers to which it is
subjected from a disturbance in the gen
eral business conditions of the country.
In my Judgment the present condition of
the treasury justifies the immediate en
actment of the legislation recommended
one year ago, under which a portion of
the gold holdings should be placed in a
trust fund from which greenbacks should
be redeemed upon presentation, but when
- once ■ redeemed should not thereafter be
paid out except for gold.
I It is not to be inferred that other legis
lation relating to our currency is not re
quired. On the contrary, there is an ob
vious demand for it. The Importance of
adequate provision which will insure to
our future a money standard related as
our money standard now is to that of
our commercial rivals, is generally recog
nized.
■ The companion proposition that our do
mestic paper currency shall be kept safe
and yet be BO related to the needs of our
Industries and internal commerce as to
be adequate and responsive to such needs
is a proposition scarcely less important.
The subject in all Its parts is commended
to the wise consideration of Congress.
The annexation of Hawaii and the
changed relations of the United States to
Cuba. Porto Rico and i
the Philippines, result- i
ing from the war. com
pel the prompt adoption
of a maritime policy by
frequent steamship com-
Changed
Maritime
Policy.
muni cation, encouraged
by the United States under th.- American 1
flag with the newly acquired islands.
Slain furnished to its colonies, at an an
nual cost of about two million dollars.
Steamship lines communicating with a 1
portion of the world's markets, as well as
with trade centers of the home Govern
ment. The I'nited States will not under
take to do less. It is our duly to furnish
the people of Hawaii with facilities under
national control for their export and im
port trade. It will be conceded that the
present situation calls for legislation I
which shall be prompt, durable and lib
eral.
The part which the American merchant
vessels and their seamen performed in .ne i
war with Spain demonstrates that this
service, furnishing both pickets and the j
! line of defense, is a national ne
cessity and should be encouraged In every ;
constitutional way.
Details and methods for the'accomplish
ment of thi!« purpose are discussed in '
the report of the Secretary of the Treas
ury to which the attention of Congress is I
respectfully invited.
In my last annual message I recom- !
mended that Congress authorize the ap
pointment of a committee for the purpose
of making .systematic Investigations with
reference to the cause and prevention of :
yellow fever. This matter has acquired j
an increased Importance as a result of the
military occupation of the island of Cuba '
and the commercial Intercourse V -'tween '■
this Island and the I'nited States which I
we have every reason to expect. The san- t
itary problems connected with our rela
tioas with the island of Cuba ana the ac
quisition of Porto Rico are no less impor
tant than those relating to finance, com
mefce and administration. It is iy earn- |
est wish that these problems may be eun
sldered by competent experts, "and that j
everything may be done which the most
recent advances in sanitary science can
Offer for the protection of "the health of i
our soldiers in those islands and of our
citizens who are exposed to the dangers
of infection from the importation of yel
low fever. I therefore renew my recom- !
mendation that the authority of Congress i
may be given and a suitable "appropriation
made to provide for a committee of ex- ;
pprts to be appointed for the purpose In- i
dicated.
Under the act of Congress approved
April 26, 1898, authorizing the President in I
his discretion upon a |
declaration of war by I
Congress or a declara
tion by Congress that 1
war exists. I directed i
the increase of the regu- i
Increase
of the
Regular Army.
lar army to the maxi
mum of 62,000. authorized in said act.
There are now in the regular army 57,862
officers and men. In said act It was pro
vided "that at the end of any war in \
■which the United States may become in
volved the army shall be reduced to a |
peace basis by the transfer in the same :
arm of the service or absorption by pro- j
motion or honorable discharge, under such
regulations as the Secretary of War may
establish, of supernumerary commanding -
officers and the honorable discharge or
transfer of supernumerary enlisted men. j
and nothing contained in this act shall be
construed as authorizing the permanent
Increase of the command or enlisted force
of the regular army beyond that now pro- i
vided by the law in force prior to the
passage of this act. except as to the in- j
crease of twenty-five majors provided for
in section 1 thereof.
The importance of legislation for the |
permanent increase of the army is, there
fore, manifest, and the recommendation
of the Secretary of War for that purpose I
has my unqualified approval. There can
be no question that at this time, . and
probably for some time in the future. 100,- !
000 men will be none too many to meet the
necessities of the situation. At all events,
whether that number shall be required
permanently or not. the power should be
given to the President to enlist that force '
if. in his discretion, it should be neces- i
sary, and the further discretion should be |
given him to recruit within the above :
limit from the inhabitants of the islands
with the government of which we are I
charged.
It is my purpose to muster out the en
tire volunteer army as soon as Congress \
shall provide for the increase of tne reg- :
ular establishment. This will be only an '
act of justice, and will be much appre- .
ciated by the brave men who left their
homes . and employments to help * their |
country in its emergency.
In my last annual mesage I stated:
The Union Pacific Railroad, main line, was
Fold under the decree of the United State* :
court for the 'District of Nebraska, the Ist |
and 2d of November of this year.
The amount due the Government con- '
sisted of the principal of the subsidy!
bonds. $£7.23«.512. ai,<l the
accrued interest there- i
on. $31,211,511 07, making
the total indebtedness ;
$31,448,223 75. The bid at i
the sale covered the '
The Union
Pacific
settlement.
first mortgage lien and
the entire mortgage claim of the Govern- !
ment. principal and Interest.
Thi* left the Kansas Pacific case un-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap.
concluded. By a decree of the court In |
that case an upset price for the property
was fixed at a sum which would yield to
the Government only $2,500,000 upon its |
lion. The sale at the instance of the Gov- j
eminent was postponed first to December
35, 1897, and later, upon the application of
the United States, w;is postponed to Feb
ruary IS, 1891
Having satisfied myself that the inter
ests of the Government required that an
effort should be made to obtain a larger j
sum 1 directed the Secretary of the Treas
ury, under the ait passed March 8, LBB7,
to 'pay out of the treasury to the persons
entitled to receive the same the amounts j
due upon all prior mortgages upon the
middle and eastern divisions of said rail
road, out of any money in the treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
Whereupon the Attorney General pre- ;
pared a petition to be presented to the j
court offering to redeem said prior liens ;
in such manner as the court might direct j
and praying that thereupon the T'nited
Btatei might be held to be subrogated to
nil rights of said prior lien holders and |
that a receiver might be appointed to take
possession of the mortgaged premises and
maintain and operate the same until the i
court or Congress otherwise directed, i
Thereupon the reorganization committee j
agreed that if said petition were with- I
drawn and the sale allowed to proceed on ]
K. bruary 16 they would bid a sum at the
sale which would realize to the Govern
ment the entire principal of its debt,
$6,303,000.
Relieving that no better price could be
obtained and appreciating the difficulties
under which the Government would labor |
If it should become the purchaser of the
road at a sale, in the absence of any au
thority by Congress to take charge of and
operate the road. I directed that upon the
guaranty of a minimum bid which should
give the Government the principal of its
debt, the sale should proceed. Ky this
transaction the Government secured an
advance of $3,803,000 over and above the
sum which the court had fixed as the
upset price and which the reorganization
committee had declared was the maxi
mum which they would pay for the prop- I
erty.
It i.s gratifying to know that the result
of this proceeding against the Union Pa
cific system and the Kansas Pacific line
Is that the Government has received on j
account of its subsidy claim the sum of i
$84,751,533 ">, an increase of $18397463 75
over the sum which the reorganization
committee originally agreed to bid for the
j"iin property, the Government receiving
its whole claim principal and interest on
the Union Pacific and the principal of its
deW on the Kansas Pacific Railroad.
Steps had been taken to foreclose the
Government's lien upon the Central Paci-
lie Railroad Company,
but before action was
commenced Congress
passed an act, approved
July 7, 1898, creating a
commission consisting |
Debt of the
Central
Pacific.
of the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Attorney General and the
Secretary of the Interior, and their suc
cessors in office, w.*h full power to settle
the indebtedness to the Government grow
ing out of the issue of bonds in aid of
construction of the Central Pacific and
Western Pacific bond-aided railroads,
subject to the approval of the President. !
No report has yet been made to me by the j
committee thus created. Whatever action j
is had looking to a settlement of the in
debtedness in accordance with the bill re- |
ferred to will be duly submitted to Con
gress.
I deem it my duty to call to the atten
tion of Congress the condition of the pres- !
ent building- occupied by the Department
of Justice. The business of that depart
ment has increased greatly since it was
established in its present quarters. The
building now occupied by it is neither
large enough nor of suitable arrangement
for the proper accommodation of the busi
ness of the department. The supervising
architect has pronounced it unsafe and
unsuited for the use to which it is put.
The Attorney General in his report states
that the library of the department is on
the fourth floor and that all the space al
lotted to it is so crowded with books as
to dangerously overload the structure.
The first floor is occupied by the Court of
Claims. The building is of an old and i
dilapidated appearance, unsuited to the.
dignity which should attach to this im
portant department.
A proper regard for the safety, comfort
and convenience of the officers and em
ployes would justify the expenditure of a
liberal sum of money in the erection of a
ne.w building of commodious proportions
and handsome appearance upon the very
advantageous site already secured for
that purpose, including tho ground occu
pied by the present structure and vacant
ground adjoining to that comprising in
all a frontage of 201 feet on Pennsylvania
avenue and a depth of 136 feet. In this
conclusion it may be wise to refer to the
inadequate accommodations provided for
the Supreme Court in the Capitol, and
suggest the wisdom of making provision i
for the erection of a separate building for!
the court and its offices and library upon
available ground near the Capitol.
The postal service of tiie country ad
vances with extraordinary growth. With- ;
in twenty years both the
revenues and expendi
tures of the Postofflce
Department have multi
plied threefold. In the
last ten years they have
Growth of
Postal
Service.
 , nearly doubled. Our
postal business grows much more rapidly
than our population. It now involves an
expenditure of $100.uu0,000 a year, numbers i
.3.000 postofflces and enroUa 200,000 em
ployes. This remarkable extension of '
service, which is an accurate index of the j
public conditions, presents gratifying evi
dence of the advancement of education,
of the increase or commtinu atmn aim
business activity and of the improvement
of mall facilities, leading to their con
stantly augmenting use.
The war with Spain laid new and excep
tional labors in the Postofflce D' oartment
pie mustering of tne military and navai
forces of the I'nited States remiired spe
cial mail arrangements for every camp
and every campaign. The communication |
en home and camp was naturaliv
eager and expectant. In some of the i
larger places of rendezvous as many as i
50.0W letter a day required handling. This !
necessity was met by the prompt detail
<il experienced men from the established
force and by directing all the instru
mentalities of the railway mail and
postofflce service so tar as necessary
to this new need. Congress passed
an act empowering me Postmaster Gener
al to establish an offlrn or branch at every
military camp or station and under this
authority tne postal machinery was
speedily put into effective operation.
Inrler the same authority, when our
forces moved upon Cuba. Porto Kico and
the Philippines, they were attended and
followed by the postal service. Though j
the act of Congress authorized the ap
pointment of postmasters where neces
sary, it was early determined that the
public Interests would be best subserved
not by new designations, but •>>• the <ln
tail of experienced men familiar with
every branch of the service, and this pol
icy was steadily followed. When the ter
ritory which was the theater of conflict
came, into our possession it became
necessary to rp-estahliHh mail facili
ties for the resident population as
well as to provide them for our
forces of occupation and the for
mer requirement was met through th<> ex
tension and application of the latter obli
ffntinn. I gave the requisite authority and
the same general principle was applied to
this ttß to other branches of rivil .".dminis
trntion under military subjection. The
details are more particularly given in the
report of the Postmaster General, and
while the work is only just begun, it is
plc;islng to be able to say that the ser
vice in the territory which hns come un
der our control is already materially im
proved.
The following recommendations of the
Secretary of the Navy relative to the in
crease of the navy have
my earnest approval:
1. Three sea - going
sheathed and coppered
battle-ships of about
13.500 tons trial displace-
More Ships
for
the Navy.
ment, carrying the
heaviest armor and most powerful ord
nance for vessels of their class and to
have the highest practicable speed and
great radius of action. Estimated cost,
exclusive of armor and armament, $3,600,
000 each.
2. Three sheathed and coppered armored
cruisers of about 12.000 tons trial displace
ment, carrying the heaviest armor and
most powerful ordnance for vessels of
their class, and to have the highest prac
ticable speed and great radius of action.
Estimated cost, exclusive of armor and
armament. $4,000,000 each.
3. Three sheathed and coppered protect
ed cruisers of about 6000 tons trial dis
placement, to have the highest practica
ble speed and greatest radius of action,
and to carry the most powerful ordnance
suitable for vessels of their class. Es
timated cost, exclusive of armor and ar- |
mament. $2,150,000 each.
4. Six sheathed and coppered cruisers of
about 2500 tons displacement, to have
the highest speed compatible with good
cruising qualities, greatest radius of ac
tion, nnd to carry the most powerful ord
nance suited to vessels of their class. Es
timated cost, exclusive of armament $1 -
141. whi each.
1 join with the Secretary of the Navy in
recommending 1 that the grades of admiral
and vice admiral be temporarily reviver],
t" be filled by officers who have specially
distinguished themselves in the war with
Spain.
I earnestly urge upon Congress the im
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TTESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
portance of early legislation providing for
the taking of the twelfth census. This is
necessary in view of the large amount of
work which must be performed in the
preparation of the schedules preparatory
to the enumeration of the population.
There were on the pension rolls June 30,
1898, 993,714 names, an Increase of nearly
18,000 over the number on
the roll on the same day
of the preceding year.
The amount appropri
ated by the act of De
cember 22. 189fi, for the
Almost a
Million
Pensioners.
payment of the pensions
[or the fiscal year 'lB<lS was ?140,000,000.
Kiigrnt million seventy thousand eight hun
dred and seventy-two dollars and forty
six rents was appropriated by the act of
March 31, 18S8, to cover deficiencies in
army pensions, and repayments in the
sum of $12,020 33. making a total of $148,
082,892 79 available for the payment of
pensions during the fiscal year 1898. The
amount disbursed from that sum was
JIH.CdI.S79 80. leaving a balance of $3,4:u.
012 99 unexpended on the 30th of June, 1898,
which was covered into the treasury.
There were 3X9 names added to the rolls
during the year by special acts passed at
tno second session of the Fifty-fifth Con
gress, making a total of 6486 pensioners by
Congressional enactments since 1861.
fh« total receipts of the Patent Office
during the past year were $1,253,948 44. The
expenditures were $1,081,633 79, leaving a
surplus of $172,314 65.
The public lands disposed of by the Gov
ernment during the year reached 8.453,
896.92 acres, an increase of 614.780.26 acres
over the previous year. The total receipts
irom public lands during the fiscal year
amounted to $2,277,995 18, an increase of
J1W.063 90 over the preceding year. The
lands embraced in the eleven forest reser
vations which were suspended by the act
of June 4. 1897, again became subject to
the operations of the proclamations of
I-ebruary 22, 1897, creating them, which
added an estimated amount of 19.951,360
acres to the area embraced in the re
serves previously created. In addition
thereto, two new reserves were created
(hiring tne year— the Pine Mountain and
/.aca Lake reservation in California, em
bracing 1.C44.H94 acres, and the Prescott
reservation in Arizona, embracing 10.240
acres, while the Pecos River, in New
Mexico, has been changed and enlarged
to include 120,000 additional acres.
At the close of the pear thirty forestry
reservations, not including those of the
Afognac forest and the fish culture re
serve in Alaska, had been created by ex
ecutive proclamation under section 24 of
the act of March 3, 1891, embracing an es
timated area of 4,719,454 acres.
The Department of the Interior has in
augurated a forest systrm made possible
by the aci ot July, Ib9B,
for a graded force of
oi..eers in control of
the reserves. This sys
tem has only been *in
full operation since Au
gust, but good results
Forestry
System
Successful.
have already been seeurfjp in many sec
tions. The reports received indicate that
the system of the patrol has not only pre
vented destructive fires from gaining
headway, but has diminished the num
ber of fires.
The special attention of Congress is
called to that part of the report of the
Secretary of the Interior in relation to the
five civilized tribes, li is noteworthy that
the general condition of the Indians shows
marked progress. But one outbreak of a
serious character occurred during the
year, and that among the Chippewa In
dians of Minnesota, which, happily, has
been suppressed.
While it has not yet been practicable to
enforce all the provisions of the act of
June 28, 1898. "for the protection of the
people of Indian Territory and for other
purposes." it is having a salutary effect
on the five tribes. The Dawes Commis
sion reports that the most gratifying re
sults and greater advance toward the at
tainment of the objects of the Govern
ment have been secured in the past year
than in any previous year. I cannot too
strongly indorse the recommendation of
the commission and the Secretary of the
Interior of the necessity for providing for
the education of the 80,000 white children
resident in the Indian Territory.
The Department of Agriculture has
been active in the past year. Explorers
have been sent to many
of the countries of the
Eastern and Western
Hemispheres for seeds
and plants that may be
useful to the United
Department
of
Agriculture.
States, and with the
further view of opening up markets for
our surplus products.: The forestry divis
ion of the department is giving , special
attention to the treeless regions of our
I country, and is introducing species espe
cially adapted. to semi-arid regions.- For-
I est "fires, .which seriously interfere with
i production, especially in irrigated regions.
are being studied that the losses from
'< this cause may be avoided. The depart
i ment Is inquiring into the use and abuse
of water in many sections of the West
and collecting information regarding the
laws of States, the decisions of the courts
and the customs of the people in this re
gard so that uniformity may be secured.
Experiment stations are becoming more
effective each year. The annual appropria
tion of $720,000 'by Congress is supplement
ed by $400,000 from the States. Nation
wide experiments have been -made to as
certain the suitableness as to soil and
climate for growing sugar beets. The
number of sugar factories has been
doubled in the last two years, and the
ability of t..e United States to produce
; its own sugar from this source has been
i clearly demonstrated.
The Weather Bureau forecast and ob
servation stations have been extended
around the Caribbean Sea, to give early
warning of the approach of hurricanes
from the South Seas to our fleets and
""iTtheV^r'TflOO will occur the centen
nial anniversary of the founding of the
City of Washington for the permanent
capital of the Government of the United
States by authority of an act of -Con
gress approved July 16. 1790. In May,
IROO the archives and general offices of
the Federal Government were removed to
this place. On the 17th of November,
1800 the National Congress met here for
the 'first time, and assumed exclusive con
trol of the Federal district and city. This
I interesting event assumes all the more
significance when we recall the circum
stances attending the choosing of the
Bite the naming. of the capital In honor
of the father of Tils country, and the in
terest taken by him in the adoption of
plans for its further development on a
magnificent scale. •
Those original plans have been wrought
out with a constant progress and a sig
nal success even beyond anything their
framers could have foreseen. The people
of this country are justly proud of the
distinctive beauty and. government of the
capital, and of the rare instruments of
science and education which here find
their natural home.
A movement lately inaugurated by the
citizens to have the anniversary cele
brated with fitting cer-
emonics, including pp»"
haps the establishment
Of a handsome perma
nent memorial to mark
so historical an occa- j
sion and to give it more I
Celebration
in 1900
Advocated.
thnn local recognition, has met with gen
eral favor on the purt of the pubii-.
I recommend to the Congress the grant
ing of ?.n appropriation for this purpose
and the appointment of a committee from
its respective bodies. It might also be ad
visable to authorize the President to ap
point a committee from the country at
largo which, acting with the Congres
sional and District of Columbia Commit
tees, can complete the plans for an ap
propriate national celebration.
The alien contract law is shown by ex
perience to need some amendment: a
measure providing better protection for
seamen is proposed; the rightful applica
tion of the eight-hour law for the benefit
of labor and of the principle of arbitra
tion are suggested for consideration and
I commend these suggestions to the care
! ful consideration of Congress.
The several departmental reports will be
laid before you. They give in great detail
the conduct of the affairs of the Govern
ment, during the past year and discuss
many questions upon which Congress
may be called upon to act.
WILLIAM McKTNLEY.
Executive Mansion, December 5, IS9B.
COMMENT OF THE
LONDON NEWSPAPERS
LONDON, Dec. 6. — Much having been
expected there is a certain tone of dis
appointment in the morning paper edi
torials on President McKinley's mes
sage. Its non-committ " character is
attributed to the fact that the negotia
tions of the Peace Commissioners at
Paris are not finished. Considerable
satisfaction is expressed at the refer
ences to Anglo-American relations and
at the coldness displayed toward Rus
sia.
The Daily New; complains of the
"ambiguity of the message on com
mercial and currency matters," and
"the conspicuous absence of any allu
sion to free trade."
The Times says: "It is creditable to
both the dignity and good sense of the j
EATON ELECTED MAYOR
OF THE ANGEL CITY
But One Candidate on the Democratic Muni
cipal Ticket Successful.
FRED EATON, NEWLY ELECTED MAYOR OF
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 6.— The Republicans swept the city in the
election to-day. For the first time in ten years seven out of nine Re
publicans are elected to the City Council. Fred Katon has been elect
ed Mayor by 600 majority. He defeated M. P. Snyder, incumbent, by
a narrow margin. Snyder made all kinds of combinations. A total of
about 14.000 votes were cast. This was about 1000 less than were cast
at the State election. Only one Democrat on the city ticket was elect
ed. That was Captain C. 11. Hance, the present City Clerk.
A verey sharp tight was waged against John Drain, the present
Superintendent of Streets and Republican candidate for re-election,
but he has been re-elected by 500 majority. J. H. Dockweiler. the
present City Engineer, has been defeated for re-election by 1000 ma
jority.
Snyder for Mayor carried the Second, Seventh and Eighth
Wards. The last two are nominally Democratic, but the Second
Ward Snyder carried by a combination he made with the oil men to
give them anything they desired. All the corporations in the city
supported Snyder and opposed Eaton. The managers of the gas,
electric light and street railway ccompanies were in the field actively
antagonizing Eaton and lining up votes for Snyder from the time
the polls opened until they closod.
The new charter, which was advocated by both parties, was
snowed under.
American people that a message an
nouncing the victorious ending of the
great war, the acquisition of territory
and the initiation of an imperialist
policy is sober in tone and moderate in
recommendations. The war has finally
healed the half-closed wounds left by
the Titanic contests of secession
and we hope it has exercised a healing
influence to be felt even more widely
and deeply in another direction. Not
since England recognized the United
States Government's power has an
American President alluded to the
mother country in language so cordial
and friendly as Mr. McKinley's.
Discussing th^ message approving the
detail and referring to British rights
in Nicaragua under the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty, the Times says: "If the free
dom of the waterways is secured to the
ships of all nations we shall not need to
stand strictly upon claims which origi
nated when the circumstances were al
together different."
The Daily Chronicle also pays a trib
ute to the "sober soun 1 common sense
and straightforward language" of the
message, pointing out that President
McKinley's reference to the military oc
cupation of Cuba virtually outlines a
policy "precisely the same as that of
Great Britain in Egypt and likely to
have the same effect."
Commenting on the President's "sur
prising language" concerning the
Nicaragua canal, which utterly ignores
British treaty rights, the Daily
Chronicle says that "this matter will
arise ere long in a more acute form."
The editorial highly approves Mr. Mc-
Kinley's references to China and Great
Britain.
The Standard says: "Few could
have foretold that the war would work
so rapid and drastic a change. How
absolute the metamorphosis is may
best be gathered from a comparison
with previous messages. It is not rash
to predict that the United States will
advance in the path upon which their
feet are now firmly set."
The Standard construes Mr. McKin
ley's references to China as a declara
tion that, had the open door been
closed or obstructed, America would
have interfered < ctively. It adds, upon
tuis point, "For all purposes of British
policy no intimation could be more
welcome than that the United States
will appoint a committee to study the
conditions in China."
The Daily Telegraph, which regards
the announcement that the United
States will support the open door in
China as the weightiest which the
message contains, says: "With such
common interests to unite us, formal
alliances are unnecessary."
The Daily Mail says: "We are dis
appointed and surprised at this at
tempt to set aside the Clayton-Bulwer
treaty, especially in view of the Anglo-
American entente."
The Morning Post, on the other hand,
says: "Circumstances have changed
and the American attitude toward the
treaty is quite intelligible, but the im
mediate task awaiting Mr. Chamber
lain Is the ussimilation into his ad
mirable sentimental view of the
Anglo-American relations of the
thorny problem associated with the
Clayton-Bulwer treaty."
WILL NOT BE PROSECUTED.
LONDON, Dec. s.— Miss Kate Lyons of
the household of Harold Frederic, late
correspodont here of the New York
Times, who died on October 19, after hav
ing- been under the caro of the Christian
Scientists-*, was discharged to-day. She
had previously bern arraigned In the
Bow street Police Court on a charge of
manslaughter in connection with the
death of Mr. Frederic.
Mrs. Athallo Mills, the Christian Scientist
who attended Mr. Frederic, ami who was
also charged with manslaughter, whs
likewise discharged. The prosecution
withdrew the charge against Miss Lyons
on tho ground that hor acts during' the
illness of Mr. Frederic were due to affec
eion for the latter.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
25c. The senuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
GUN PLANT FOR
NEWPORT NEWS
Englishmen Negotiate
With Huntington.
INTEREST IN YARD SOUGHT
DEAL THAT WILL MEAN A
GREAT ENTERPRISE.
The Railroad Magnate Says the New
Establishment Will Be a
Benefit to This
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. s.— Collis P.
Huntington confirmed to-day's report
that the English firm of Vlckers' Sons
& Maxim fs negotiating for an interest
in the Newport News shipbuilding
establishment, in which he is a heavy
owner. He said the deal had not been
closed, and denied there was any In
tention of selling the yard outright to
English interests, and intlmnted he
would continue to control the business.
"I have been in negotiation, " said
Huntington, "with Vickers' Sons &
| Maxim, who have thought of taking
large interests in the plant and of
establishing at Newport News, in con
nection with the ship yard, a very ex
tensive plant for the manufacture of
guns. If these negotiations should be
carried to a conclusion there would be
established at Newport News a new
industry which would greatly benefit
the city, furnishing work and support
to thousands of people in addition to
those there now. But the yard would
continue to be an American enterprise,
as I do not propose to sell the holdings
outright, but to rent a large interest.
I would like, however, to lessen my
cares and responsibilities and let others
take up and carry on the work I have
| started.
"The proposed gun plant would not
be a separate organization. It would
be conducted as a part of the general
business. I have wanted those people
to take a large interest because I was
anxious to see a great gun manufac
turing establishment put up at New
port News, and my impression is my
English friends will find it greatly to
their interest to complete negotia
tions. I think, too, it will be a good
thing for the Government. The Vickers'
Sons & Maxim are known over the
whole world for their skill and success
in making great ships and all sizes of
guns.
"We have started a new dock and
the work is progressing finely. w«>
have already driven 10,000 piles and are
excavating the ground ranidly. The
granite necessary in the construction
of the new drydock is now being cut."
Corbett Deposits a Forfeit.
NEW YORK, Dec. s.— "Jim" Corbett to
day deposited $1000 with a sporting editor
as a forfeit for a match with "Tom"
Sharkey. Corbett pair! he was willing to
box Sharkey in public, the gate receipts to
go to charity, but would prefer to meet
Sharkey for $5000 a side in private
REA'S CAMPAIGN
BOARD "BROKE"
Mackenzie Pursued by
Creditors.
FUNDS HAVE DISAPPEARED
EVEN THE HEELERS AND THUGS
LEFT UNPAID.
So-Called Republican Central Com
mittee of Santa Clara County
Bankrupt and Deeply
in Debt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 4.— The Republican
County Central Committee, through
which "Boss" Rea and "Johnnie" Mac
kenzie made the fight for their candi
dates, is bankrupt. Not only is the ex
chequer depleted, but there is between
$1000 and $1200 worth of bills still un
paid. About fifty creditors are pursu
ing John D. Mackenzie, secretary of the
committee. The Game Warden has gra
ciously told these people time and again
that they would be paid "to-morrow or
the next day," but this promise has
been made to get the County Committee
together, but unsuces fully. Over $3000
came into the hands of the committee
through assessing candidates. Half of
this sum has not been expended, and
successful and defeated candidates are
wondering where it all went.
The committee started out at the be
ginning of the campaign with some
lofty ideas as to finances. It decided to
assess its candidate for Sheriff $500 and
all other nominees for county offices
$400. There was a general protest
among the candidates and they re
belled. They finally contributed the
following amounts set opposite their
names, at least their sworn statements
so show:
R. J. I.angford, Sheriff *3°"
J. G. McMillen. Surveyor w
W. F. Parker, Auditor Jou
Rush McCoraae, Tax Collector 85"J
B A. Herrington, District .Attorney IM>
T. F. Morrison, County Clerk 300
J. C. Black, Superior Judge I*>
C. P. Owen. Recorder 200
Joseph Lotz, Treasurer l-> 0
J. W. Gass, City Justice 100
Kd Halev, Constable °°
M. F. Marshall, Constable 50
A. Greeninger, Assessor 300
H. C. Faber. Superintendent of Schools — 150
J. K. Secord, Cumner 150
Total *2400
Aside from these amounts more
money was put into the hands of the
committee. W. T. Nolting and W. J.
Kirkpatrick, candidate for Township
Justices, fail to mention in their sworn
statements any assessment paid to the
committee, taut persons on the inside
positively assert the Justices turned
over $250 each. B. A. Herrington, for
District Attorney, gave an additional
$100 that he fails to mention. This
makes $600, which, added to the $2400
heretofore mentioned, makes $3000.
The question confronting the candi
dates and the creditors is ho* - all this
money was expended under the direc
tion of Secretary John D. Mackenzie.
There are about twenty livery stable
keepers who have bills against the com
mittee ranging from $20 to $25. They
exhibit orders signed by Mackenzie, and
it looks as though this is all they will
get for the use of their teams. Band
masters are clamoring for their money,
while newspaper publishers and mer
chants are pleading for pay. Even the
heelers and clerks hired about the head
quarters have not received their prom
ised stipends.
All the money was turned over to
Mackenzie as secretary, and was to
have been expended under his direction.
STAKES TO BE RUN
AT CONEY ISLAND
NEW YORK, Dec. s.— The following
stakes of the Coney Island Jockey Club
will close on Tuesday, January 3, next:
The Futurity, with $8750 added, estimat
ed value $50,000, of which $3570 to the
breeders, for the autumn meeting of 1801.
By subscription of $20 each.only $10 of the
m'onev to be sent with entry, for mures
covered in 1898, and further subscription
of $50 each for the produce of such mares
unless struck cut by July 15. 1900; or $100
unless struck out by July 15, 1901. All
starters to pay $250 additional; colts, 122
pounds; fillies and gelding, 119 pounds;
winners of $2500 and over to carry extra
weight.
Futurity course (170 feet short of six fur
longs)— For the June meeting, 1899, three
year-old nnd upwards— The Suburban,
$10,000. the winner to receive $7000; weight
to be announced February 1; the winners
of $1220 to carry extra weight; penalties in
the case of horses. Three years old shall
not make the weight exceed 115 pounds.
One mile and a quarter.
The Advance,, $2500 added, one mile and
three-quarters.
The June handicaps.
The Coney Island, $1500, six furlongs.
The Sheepshead Bay, $1500, one mile.
The Long Island, $2000; one mile and a
furlong.
For three-year-olds— The Swift, $1100
added; seven furlongs.
The Spendthrift, $1000 added, one mile
and a furlong.
For two-year-olds— The Great Trial. $20.
000. foals of 1597, of $200 pach or only $15
when declared out by March 15; $50 if by
April 15, or $75 if by May 15: starters to
pay $230 additional; guaranteed cash value
$20,000. of which $2500 for second and $1500
for third. Winners of two races of $2000
. or one of $4000, ten pounds extra; maidens
allowed three pounds; beaten maidens
having run second for a race of $1400, al
lowed seven pounds. Futurity course
The Double Eevent, $10,000, of $100 oa'ch.
or only $25 if declared out by April 15 or
$50 if by May 15. Starters to pay $7<X) ad
ditional, which entitles them to start in
both events. Value of each event $5000-
SIOOO additional in plate or money will be
given should the two events be won hv
the same horse. First event to be run oh
the first day of the June meeting colts
122 pounds; fillies and geldings, no- last
five and a half furlongs of Futurltv
course. Second event to be run on the
last day of the June meeting, same con
ditions. Futurity course.
The Zephyr, $1000 added, Futurltv course
The Vernal, $1000 added, for fillies two
year-olds, last five furlongs of Fu'turitv
course. J
For the autumn meeting, 1899— Tho
Flight. $12T,0 added, two-year-olds and up
wards, seven furlongs.
The September, $1250 added, three-vear
olds, one mile and three furlongs
The Autumn-S3OOO, for two-year-olds
Futurity course.
The Flatbush, $3000, for two-year o.c's
seven furlongs. "
The Great Eastern, $5000, for two-year
olds. Futurity course.
CUBANS SATISFIED
WITH THE MESSAGE
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— General
Garcia, who is still somewhat indis
posed, spent the evening at his hotel.
Mr. Quesada, speaking for the com
mission, said: "The President's mes
sage is regarded as very satisfactory.
Its publication at this time wih do good,
counteracting reports that Lave been
spread in Cuba by people who have not
the real interests of the country at
heart. We have full faith in the United
States and in the just intentions of
President McKinley, and the men who
have made the revolution of Cuba a
success aim to work with the United
States to establish a government that
will have the respect of nations."
MAY W PLAYED
FOR A "KILLING"
Backed at the East for
Her First Race.
CAMERON SENT THE WORD
FRIENDS AT CHICAGO TOOK
OWNER'S TIP.
Recouped by Betting on the Mare la
Her Next Race, Winning
$10,000 in Chicago
Poolrooms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. s.— lt now develops
that May W was heavily played in
Chicago on information received from
owner Don Cameron on i November 28,
when she was so badly beaten at Oak
land with Jockey Gouin in the saddle.
D. W. Smith, a Chicago man, who was
known at the local race tracks as a
friend of Cameron, and who always
bets heavily on May W, lost $500.
Friends of his lost as much more. On
November 26 Smith received a letter
from Cameron saying the mare was
good, and would win the first time out.
The owner even went further, saying
May W was never better, and she had
been scratched once because the condi
tions did not suit her, but would win
her first start. The letter also stated
there was a race on November 2S that
suited the mare, and that she would
probably start that day, but not to
bet until a telegram came.
Smith showed the letter to some of
his friends, enjoining them to keep
the matter quiet, as he intended put
ting down a good bet and wanted a
price On November 28 Smith received
a cipher telegram. It read: "Come to
California," but according to the coae
meant "Get down on the mare." This
telegram was also showed to a select
few, and to a man they played May W
heavily.
When the report of the race came
over the tickers and May W was not
first, second or third Smith was as
tounded. It is known he is close to
Cameron, either as partner or friend,
and the men who played May W on
the strength of the letter and telegram
are certain that Cameron expected
to win the race. Some sharp cor
respondence by wire passed be
tween Smith and Cameron, but the
former was assured, it is said, that it
was all right, and another deal is al
leged to have been fixed up. May W
ran again on Saturday, with a long
price in the local books. Smith and his
friends had evidently been reassured,
for they were on hand with bundles of
money, which was so cautiously placed
that no suspicion was aroused among
the bookmakers, although the steady
play had the effect of beating down her
odds a trifle. It is estimated $10,000
was gathered in here by the operation.
From hints let drop the same game was
played in Cincinnati and . New Or
leans. ____^_______
LAW DESIGNED TO
STAMP OUT DISEASE
Solano Supervisors Adopt an Ordi-
nance Submitted by the coun
ty's Stockmen.
SUISUN, Dec. s.— The Solano County
Stockmen's Protective Association pre
sented an ordinance before the Board of
Supervisors to-day which was passed by
a unanimous vote. The following were
the most Important sections of the ordin
ance:
Section 1. It shall be unlawful for any per
son to keep within the county of Solano any
domestic animals known to be afflicted with
glanders, farcy, anthrax, splenlo or Texas
fever, or any contagious disease.
Section 3. It shall be unlawful for any per
son who shall have in his possession any do
mestic animal affected with any contagious or
Infectious disease, knowing such animal to be
so affected, or having received notice from the
Health Officer that the animal is so affected,
to permit such animal to run at largj or to keep
such animal where other domestic animals not
affected by its contagion or infection shall ba
exposed thereto.
Section 4. It shall be unlawful for any per
son to sell or offer for sale or to use or give
away within Solano County any milk drawn
from any cow known to be affected with
tuberculosis, anthrax or any other contagious
or infectious disease.
Section 9. It shall be unlawful for any cattle
to be driven in or through Solano County or
unloaded at any railroad depot, boat landing
or wharf In Solar.o County without first having
been inspected by a Health Officer or by the
same officer of an adjoining county. Any vio
lation of this ordinance shall be deemed a mis
demeanor, and upon conviction therof the
offender may be punished by a fine not ex
ceeding thOO or by imprisonment in the County
Jail not exceeding fifty days, or by both such
fine and imprisonment.
The forests of Belgium comprise 16.61
ppr cent of the total area of that country.
Loss of Sleep
Loss of Sleep
Loss of Sleep
\makes\ Loss of Sleep
MEN Loss of Sleep
I WEAK! Loss of Sleep
Loss of Sleep
W WHEN A MAX TOSSES IN BED ALL,
night and Is unable to sleep until the wee
small hours in the morning, he finds h.m=e.f get-
ting weaker and weaker dally. He wlllha%£Pa!n 3
in the back, pains in the shoulder, bleary.
bloodshot eye's and he will •be melancholy. He
will start at the least noise: he will be subject
to the whims and fancies of an irritated man.
When In this condition it shows abuse; the
man' has abused himself; has overworked or
ove'rharapsed the mind and body. When m
this condition the man needs a sure and ra-
tional treatment. .He will find
HUDYAN
Is lust what is needed. He will call to the doc-
tors of the Hudson Medical Institute or write for
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudyan Cures -
Nervous Debility,
-■ Diseases and Dis-
abilities of Men.
BLOOD POISON The absolute cure ■ for
BLOOD. POISON Blood Poison in first.
BLOOD POISON secondary or tertiary
BLOOD, POISON. form is the 30-day cure.
BLOOD POISON Consult the Hudson Doc-
BLOOD POISON ;, tors or write for 30-day
BLOOD POISON cure circulars.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
•BAN FRANCISCO, CAL:
Be Advised by Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by Hudson Doctors Fre*.WILL NOT CEDE
ISLAND OF UALAN
More Than This Spain May Sell
the Entire Caroline Group
to Germany.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.-A Washington special to the
Herald says : Advices received from the American Peace
Commission have convinced the authorities that Spain
will not cede the Island of Ualan, and they understand
she will sell the entire Caroline group to Germany.
Through Freiherr yon Sternberg this Government was
recently sounded as to whether it would object to the
acquisition of the group by Germany, and the reply was
satisfactory.
OPINIONS OF
CONGRESSMEN
ON MESSAGE
"Able and Excellent,"
Republicans Say.
ENTERTAINING AND ACCURATE
BUT SOME OF THE DEMOCRATS
FIND FAULT.
Think the President Should Have De
fined a Form of Government for
Philippines — Silverites
Not Satisfied.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— Many Sen
ators excused themselves from expres
sion of opinions at length upon the
message on the ground that they had
not been able to give careful attention
to all the details. Republican Senators
were, however, willing to express
themselves in a few general words of
eommendatinon.
Senator Cullom regarded It as "a
painstaking, entertaining and accurate
historical review."
Senator Platt of New York commend
ed the expression of a determination to
increase the standing army and to
maintain order In Cuba until the Cu
bans can take care of themselves.
Senator Wolcott said it was an ad
mirable document.
Senator Lodge said it was "able and
excellent."
Senator Foraker — A good presenta
tion of facts generally, but a little in
definite on the question of Cuban Inde
pendence.
Senator Proctor — A good American
paper.
The Democrats were even more
averse than the Republicans to dis
cuss the paper. Senator Jones of Ar
kansas was an exception. He found
In the message a number of points
which did not accord with his views.
One of these is the proposition to con
tinue the volunteer army in existence
until the standing army can be in
creased. "Some of us do not favor the
Increase of the standing army," he
said, "and the President has no right
to assume that a majority stand with
him on that proposition." The Arkan
sas Senator also questioned the Presi
dent's right to hold the volunteers in
service beyond the time of signing the
peace treaty, saying: "There is no war
in existence and none is imminent. The
law requires one or the other condtion,
and the threat of the President to hold
the Volunteers in service until the
standing army is increased beyond
what the consciences of Senators and
members, dictate looks to me like a
menace and an effort to dictate, which
I consider an outrage and unpardon
able."
Senator Jones interpreted the Presi
dent's expression upon the finances
as a pronouncement for the
gold standard and for the retirement of
the greenbacks, and said that he did
nnt believe that anything like a ma
jority of the American people would in
dorse him in this respect. The Senator
also announced himself as opposed to
a subsidy to vessels conm-ctine the
United States with Porto Rico. Cuba
and the Philippines, as opposed to legis
lation for the construction of the Nic
araguan canal as at present contem
plated, and expresses the opinion that
the President was inclined to go far
ther in the Government of Cuba than
the resolution of intervention called
for.
"We declared," he said, "in favor of
taking them to the point of maintain
ing a 'stable government,' and I do not
see how we can go beyond that. To
go to the extent of insuring, as the
President recommends, complete tran
quil! ty might prove a pretext for a
military government and permanent
or rupation, never to be ended. I do not
tndone any such an understanding:."
Senator Jones also expressed surprise
at the absence of any recommenda
tion concerning the Philippines. "The
question of the government of the
Philippines in attracting much atten
tion." he said, "and the fact that the
President utterly Ignores it strikes me
as very singular."
Senator Pascoe also commented upon
the absence of any reference to "points
concerning which we most desire in
formation." He said, however, that it
was a valuable historical paper and
would be convenient for future refer
ence.
Senator Teller said there would be
disappointment over the failure of the
President to outline a government for
the Philippine, saying: "There will be
BOOM disappointment in this, for I
think the understanding has been that
the President would indicate what form
of government should be provided for
these new possessions. But it is wise
for tho President not to indicate his
vlpws on that subject, for that is pure
ly and properly a legislative question
and one that should be left to Con
gress."
on the recommendation In regard to
the currency Senator Teller said: "The
friends of bimetallism, either national
or international, will find no encourage
ment from anything that the President
pays in his message. No reference is
made to international bimetallism, but
the President in the most emphatic
way Indicates his intention to main
tain the gold standard. The so-called
Silver Republicans who remain in the
Republican party and contend that
the Republican party is friendly to sil
ver will find no encouragement in the
President's message, and it will strike
all as somewhat singular that if the
Republican party, as it hns been claim
ed, is in favor of international bimetal
lism, the President makes no reference
to it."
CALIFORNIA CONGRESSMEN
LIKE THE MESSAGE
"WASHINGTON. Dec. s.— The Presi
dent's message was favorably com
mented upon by all Californians in
Congress, including Representative
De Vries (D.). Senator Perkins said:
"From a cursory examination and
reading I was most favorably im
pressed with the document. It was a
plain, straightforward statement of the
executive department affairs. The
President did not seek to dictate to
Congress like his predecessors, but gave
them much information, at the same
time delicately conveying his own opin
ions as to future legislation, which he
seems willing to intrust to Congress.
Each individual member of the Senate
and House will therefore ferl himself
a committee of one to treat the
problems presented according to
his own understanding as well
as to subserve the wishes of the people
at large and his own immediate dis
trict. I have already expressed my own
personal views against the acquisition
of territory remote from our own
shores. Time and full and free discus
sion will solve these problems, and we
will have been advised of public opin
ion, not only of the people of the United
States, but of our States and Congres
sional Districts, when Congress is ready
to deal with these questions. I have
repeatedly said I hold the opinion that
while a Senator or Representative in
Congress may have positive convictions
upon matters of governmental policy,
he must not forget that he is the repre
sentative of a community of people and
must not hold his own opinions of para
mount importance.".
Congressman Loud said: "I have not
had time to carefully study the Presi
dent's message. This will take a whole
day's time, but from a hasty examina
tion I think it was such a message as
one might have expected from Presi
dent McKinley. He presented con
cisely much information that will be
useful to Congress without assuming
to dictate."
Congressman Barham said: "I think
the message a splendid state paper.
The statement of facts preceding, dur
ing and since the war with Spain is
certainly most concise and a satis
factory treatment of the subject. The
President's views upon the necess'ty of
battle-ships and a better navy meet
my most hearty approval. The posi
tion of the President upon the con
struction of the Nicaraguan canal I
think expresses the opinion of nine
tenths of the people of the United
States, and in my opinion assures the
canal appropriations."
Congressman Hilborn said: "The
message is a very able document It is
necessarily long on account of the
number and importance of the sub
jects discussed. His recommendations
regarding the navy are wise and time
ly. I am glad that the President has
recommended that new ships of the
navy shall be sheathed. In view of our
lack of docking facilities this recom
mendation should be followed "
Representative De Vriet said: "To
California people one of the most im
portant matters treated in the message
is the urgent suggestion cc-nceming
the construction of the Nicaragua ca
nal. This is particularly gratifying
and practically Insures consideration of
the matter during the present session
of Congress."
BEGGAR STABS A MAN
WHO REFUSED HIM ALMS
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 5.-C. W. Earle a
former City Councilman, was stabbed on
the street here this afternoon by a beg
gar to whom he had refused alms. The
affair took place on Main street near the
Westminster Hotel. Mr. Earle had turn
ed away from the beggar and was pass
ing on when the fellow turned upon him
and stabbed him throe times in the back
with a pocket-knife, at the same time
muttering curses upon the Masons. At
the station he gave his name as Curran
He is not known to the police. Mr'
Earle. who Is an elderly man, is seriously
wounded. *
Winners at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. c.-Weather clear
trark good. •
First race, selling, one and a sixteenth mllea
rhfrd gBS TT 1 me 0 . n i:E^ Ce<lall BeC ° nd> C'UICC ' UIC Bard
Second race, selling, six furlongs— Pat Gar-
Time Tlf«/ 4 ° BeC ° nd# Bonadea third.
Third raoe. one « an an eighth miles— Rock-
W. WSiT" BeC ° nd - JaCk Ma «'°
m nfl? rt xt r.r .t ce> 8el "nB.--one and a sixteenth
third Tim" 0 1-Il° n> y ° second ' Joe Sh elby
Fifth race, furlonss-Xallssa won
Elkln second, Brighton third. Time. 1:31.
TO INVESTIGATE THE
CONDUCT OF THE WAR
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— Representative Sulzer of New York,
ranking member of the House Committee on Military Affairs, has
Introduced a resolution "authorizing and directing the Committee on
Military Affairs to investigate the War Department and the conduct
of the Spanish war." The resolution follows: "Resolved, That the
Committee on Military Affairs be, and the same hereby is authorized
and directed to investigate the War Department and the conduct of
the recent war between Spain and the United States, and to report all
of said proceedings, with their findings, conclusions and recom
mendations, to the House of Representatives with all convenient
speed.
"That said committee Is hereby authorized and empowered to
send for documents, books, papers and persons and to examine per
sons under oath in any part of the United States, and to employ a
stenographer; also the Sergeant-at-Arms is hereby directed to at
tend said committee and to carry out its directions.
"That the necessary expenses of the investigation be paid out
of the contingent fund of the House."
The resolution was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
PEACE TREATY
TO BE GIVEN
PRECEDENCE
Will Be Followed by
Others.
MINOR POINTS TO HOLD OVER
TO END WAR CONDITIONS THE
FIRST CONSIDERATION.
After the Protocol Terms Are Carried
Out America and Spain Will
Agree as to Trade
Relations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— The impres
sion prevails here that the results of
the negotiations at Paris will be em
bodied in two or more treaties, instead
of one. There will be one actual peace
treaty, embodying nothing more than
the protocol points relating to the re
linquishment of Spanish sovereignty
over Cuba and the Spanish West In
dies, Guam and the Philippines, with
the single exception of the proviso for
the release of prisoners. All the other
matters, those relating to the renewaJ
of the commercial treaties, the acquisi
tion of cable and coaling stations, and,
in fact, all those extraneous matters
that have been mentioned as likely to
be incorporated in the peace treaty will
form the subject of a special treaty.
This course is likely to be adopted in
order to hasten the conclusion of peace,
of which there is a great necessity, if
for no other reason than to secure the
release of prisoners and the restora
tion of trade between Spain and the
United States.
There has been no evidence of fric
tion between the American Commis
sioners. It is supposed — in fact it is
known — that in their own sessions they
have differed about some points, and
have discussed these at length, but
whenever it came to the point of action
in the joint commission the Americans
were united. The last report received
from them was unanimous, bearing the
signature of every member of the com
mission.
WEYLER'S ASSISTANCE
GAINED BY SAGASTA
MADRID, Dec. s.— lmmediately after
the signing of the treaty of peace Pre
mier Sagasta will submit to the Queen
Regent a question of confidence. It is
thought probable that her Majesty will
ask Senor Sagasta to remain in power,
in which case the Cortes will be con
voked for January 7.
From the declaration of General Wey
ler it is believed that a combination of
the followers of Senor Sagasta, Romero
Robledo and General Weyler will be af
fected as soon as peace is signed.
General Weyler, in an interview, has
pronounced against the Conservatives,
declaring that Cuba was the only quci
tion which separated him from the juib
erals. He considers the internal crisis
grave, "in view of the attitude of Great
Britain, which, by encouraging civil
war, desires to do with Spain what the
United States has done with her col
onies."
Under these circumstances, Weyler
added, he considers that a Sagasta-
Robledo Cabinet would be the most able
to cope with the situation.
PEACE COMMISSIONERS
DEBATE ENERGETICALLY
PARIS, Dec. s.— The American Peace
Commission had a long conference, be
ginning at 10 o'clock, with only a brief
recess for lunch, before going to the
Foreign Office to meet the Spanish
Commissioners at 3 o'clock p. m. The
Americans, apparently, had chang?d
the form if not the substance of some
of their demands, as a result of the de
liberations during the past three days.
The Joint commission was in session
for over four hours. Much of the dis
cussion concerned details as to he guar
anteeing of the rights of Spanish citi
zens in the ceded colonies. The debate
was occasionally energetic, and the
Spaniards, on adjourning, appeared to
be dejected. Secretary Ojeda of the
Spanish Commission, when questioned
after the meeting as to the progress
made, answered excitedly:
"I am almost mad. I cannot talk.
We are making progress."
The American Commissioners de
clined to say anything further than
that the progress made was satis
factory.
The Spanish Commissioners have re
ceived authority to bind their Govern
ment on certain matters, but there are
yet important questions on which their
instructions are unsatisfactory and It
is likely that many of the detail 3 in
volved in the change of sovereignty in
the Spanish colonies will be left for set
tlement in the regular diplomatic pro
cess when relations between the two
governments are resumed.
FRENCH STATESMAN DEAD.
Passing of the Former Embassador to
Constantinople.
PARIS, Dec. s.— Former Senator Gucges
Made Henri Portlier, who represented
the Department of Inure el Loire, is dead.
He was born in 1821 and was formerly
French Embaasador at Constantinople.
GOLD MEDAL FOR
MISS HELEN GOULD
Wheeler iQtroduces a H°use I^es
olutior) l^ecogoizing H^^
Patriotic Services.
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.—Gen
eral Wheeler of Alabama to-day
Introduced in the House through
Representative Stallinga a reso
lution providing that "ir recog
nition of the patriotic devotion
and bounteous benevolence of
Miss Helen Miller Gould to the
soldiers of the army of the United
States during the war with Spain,
the thanks of Congress are hereby
tendered her and Congress hereby
authorizes and directs that a gold
medal with appropriate designs
be struck by the director of the
Mint and said medal be presented
to her by the President at such
time and in such manner as he
may determine."
RAISIN COMBINE
A GREAT SUCCESS
Fair Prices Have Been
Maintained.
MASS MEETING AT FRESNO
GROWERS PLEASED WITH THE
OUTLOOK.
General Plan of the Association, for
the Past Year Approved and
Its Continuance
Voted.
Buecial Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Dec. 5.— A great mass
meeting was held to-day to consider
the future prospects and method of
procedure of the California Raisin
Growers' Association. There were rep-
resentatives present from every por
tion of the State interested in the
raisin industry, from San Diego to
Woodland. The enthusiasm was great,
and much cheering followed the read
ing of the reports showing the associa
tion's operations during the past sea
son — the first of the combir •«;.
These reports were aJI of a Mattering
character, showing the combine to have
been a success. Secretary Boots' re
port showed that there is on hand un
sold about one-quarter of this year's
crop, half of the quantity sold having
netted, at September prices, 2.59 cents,
and one-seventh, at October prices, 3.54
cents — a high average on account of
the large proportion of layer and clus
ter goods shipped. The balance of
goods sold realized 3.63 cents at ruling
rates. The general average for the sea
son was 3.08 cents to the grower per
pound, and may before the close of the
season run up to 3% cents. Sales to
date are upward of 2200 cars, leaving
on hand unsold 800 cars.
These goods were all controlled by
the association. Outsiders put on the
market 250 cars, decreasing the price
for all by about half a cent a pound.
Payments for handling the cars al
ready shipped were $273,692 50; com
missions $125,286 31, one-third of which
is profit. The expenses of the associa
tion amounted to- $10,005 18.
Treasurer T. C. White's report shows:
Total receipts to date, $1,408,077 09; dis
bursements, $1,331,496 01; balance on
hand. $76,581 08.
■ General Manager Sayre reported the
purchase of 290 ten-ton cars for $152,
439 24; association shipments 3094 cars,
with 824 on hand.
According to Director Nathan, the
total shipments from all points in the
State was 2244 cars.
The meeting indorsed the general
plan of the association for the past
year, and resolved upon its continu
ance for the coming season, with such
modifications as experience had shown
to be desirable. These will be that the
growers do their own packing of rais
ins or a percentage of the crop, and
that all sales be made as during the
past season— through the central agen
cy of the combine, to control both the
market output and, necessarily, the
ruling price.
BIRTHDAY PRESENT
OF TEN MILLIONS
Fortune Frank Gould Receives on
Reaching His Twenty-First
Year.
NEW YORK. Dec. s.— Ten million
dollars came into the possession of
Frank Jay Gould to-day. He iB the
youngest child of the late Jay Gould,
and this was 1 "i twenty-first birthday.
Frank Gould is a modest, hard-work
ing, studious young man who thor-
oughly understands the railroad busi
ness and may be found any day plod
ding away at the offices of the Missouri
Pacific Railroad Company. He is said
to be very capable and to be well able
to handle his big fortune. Neverthe
less, it is said that the fortune is left
in trust and that he is only allowed
to spend the income that shall accumu
late In the future.
In receiving only the income of his
inheritance, Frank Gould is in the same
position as his brothers and sisters.
Tholr father did not allow any of them
to get absolute possession of his or her
share of the estate. He divided his
vast fortune of about $70,000,000 into
six parts and left to each of his six
children a part. Each gets an income
from his or her part, but the capital
remains in control of all as trustees.
Frank Gould's fortune is mainly in
vested in railroad and telegraph stocks
and bonds.
ATTITUDE OF THE POPE,
Would Co-operate With America to
Restore Order in Philippines.
LONDON, Dec. s.— William T. Stead,
editor of the Review of Reviews, who
has Just returned from the Vatican,
gives to the correspondent of the Asso
MISS HELEN GOULD.
elated Press an unqualified denial of
all stories representing that the Pope
is hostile to the American policy re
garding the Philippines. On the con
trary his Holiness is ready to co
operate with the United States in re
storing order there.
CLEVELAND'S SCANDAL
ON BENCH AND BAR
Before Opening Court Judge Dellen
baugh Says He Will Demand
an Investigation.
CLEVELAND, Dec. s.— Judge F. E.
Dellenbaugh, against whom charges
were made by the Bar Association on
Saturday in connection with the dis
barment proceedings against State
Senator Burke, was on the bench to
day as usual in his court. Before open
ing court Judge Dellenbaugh, in discuss
ing the charges, stated that he could
prove his innocence before any tribunal
and that he would demand an investi
gation.
It Is understood that the charges
against Judge Blandin will be filed with
the Bar Association shortly for slan
dering Judges Ong and Dissette, whom,
it will be recalled. 'Judge Blandin men
tioned in his scathing arraignment of
the bench of the county during his
sensational address before the trial
committee of the Bar Association. It
is stated that as soan as the Bar Asso
ciation acts on thr> Burke verdict the
charges against Judge Blandin will be
placed in the hands of the grievance
committee.
DOES COLOMBIA ACT ON
A SECRET AGREEMENT?
Belief That the Republic Is Aiding
the United States in a Canal
Scheme.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S. by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA, Colombia, Dec. s.— The
Washington dispatch to the Herald,
which announces the receipt of a dis
patch from United States Minister Hart
at Bogota, which states that the Col
ombian Congress has refused to extend
the time of the Panama Canal Com
pany, has been printed here and has
created a stir in canal circles. The
general opinion is that an agreement
exists between Colombia and the Unit
ed States whereby the latter Govern
ment is to take over the works when
the contract lapses for want of funds
to carry on the project. The capital
of the company, I am informed, is al
most exhausted and the action of the
Colombian Congress is expected to pre
vent the raising of another sou.
Nobody here entertains any idea that
the United States seriously regards the
Nicaragua route as more feasible or
practical from an engineering or finan
cial standpoint than the Panama route.
The latter scheme is considered to be
far better because the canal is two
fifths completed, an enormously valu
able plant is already on the ground and
the route is much shorter.
TWO ELECTION CONTESTS.
SAN JOSE, Dec. s.— Petitions for con
tests of the elections of Joseph A. Lotz,
Treasurer, and R J. Langford, Sheriff,
were filed to-day b- Walker Jones on
behalf of E. W. Conant and J. H. Lyn
don, the defeated candidates under the
returns. The allegations are that sev
eral hundred votes were lost to vie con
testants by wrongful counting and the
throwing out of votes as in gal which
should have been counted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
i ELECTRICITY FOR WEAK IN! j
® ®
I ■ ' $% Men, Don't Be Weak! Use I
I sffx Nature's Own Remedy, 1
I I\\ j /\* ivi/fv Electricity! 1
(^ Ms^\di^^^~<m' Don't give up because drugs @
r\ //fF^Sfl iV have failed to help v you regain (i)
ri''- '■ •i JIJ I iV« 1 - ' ' »^9^ : your , natural vigor. There are Z.
i\ V //A JfflftF thousands of men who have been
® V« 1 I\i ,j^o^ cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric ~
® ill! /As )W^ Belt, after the failure of drugs.
I PJk)Mgl "Electricity Is Life," |
Iff/ i^?'i*HK«H«SBtak ' Jt ip the source of all strength. ®
® /rY^^^^^^Sa^^Sr^Sk It will-, restore -the lost energy, 0
" C L^ ! **z**tm&C*SßLs33rL. "**^ make the nerves strong, and re- 0
® iSaiSF^**. "'^ 3 £ J move all aches and pains. Read <$>
■®' ■*25*X«JK -'»**\ v all about it in
® "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," |
Q) Devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells the cause of early decay in young §
® and middle-aged men. He shows how electricity, properly applied, will g,
restore this power, and gives the proof. It is free upon application. A /»
personal call- preferred. . ' ' . \ \
? DR. A. T. SANDEN, I * ' ""....-.. ':■.'- " — . ; -.* ®
|j 702 Market Street. Corner Kearny. Ban Francisco. ROT IN DRUG STORES. ®
r\ Office hours, Ba,m.toB p. m. Sundays, 10 • '-.' . • ■ ■ — — ; ®
®to 1. Branches at Los- Angeles,, Cal.. 232 West ■■-' ■' Dr. Sanders Electric . Belt ®
(i) Second' street: ; Portland,- Or., -253 Washington Is : never : sold In \ drug : stores -"X
X street; > Denver, Colo., 931 ; Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only ' VS)
® i Dallas.'' Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte, Mont.. ■■ - at our office. ■ " fa
@ 110 North Main street. : : if. — — : ■ — £ ~
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ® ® ® ®.® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ® ®'
ILL WHEN SENT
FROM AGNEWS
Miss Bailey Was Al
most Helpless.
CONDUCTOR ROACH'S STORY
GAVE ASSISTANCE TO THE DE
MENTED GIliL.
Says She Had a Gripful of Medicines,
One of Which She Spoke
of as a "Sleeping
Powder."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. s.— Bessie Bailey,
the Agnews patient who died on her
way East, was in no condition physic
ally or mentally to make a long trip to
the home of her uncle, Cyrus Tim
mons, at Lafayette, Ind. If the blame
for her death cannot be fixed on the
physicians of the asylum surely they
are open to censure for having allowed
the girl to leave there in her condition.
Bessie Bailey was as helpless as a
six-year-old child, and her condition
attracted the attention of Conductor
Con Roach, whose train the girl
boarded at Milpitas. To Roach she
said she had a whole gripful of medi
cine.
"I didn't sleep any last night, but as
soon as I get in the car I'll take a
sleeping powder." remarked Bessie
Bailey to Roach, as he was assisting
her aboard the overland train at Oak
land pier.
Just what this powder was. or who
gave it to her, is unknown. The phy
sicians at Agnews had prepared some
medicine for her to take, but they
made no mention of sleeping powders.
Conductor Roach was seen at the St.
James Hotel to-night. He said Bessie
Bailey boarded his train on the morn
ing of November 17 at Milpitas. He
paid no particular attention to her un
til near Oakland, when she asked him
to raise a window. He did this, and
then she spoke about having her trunk
rechecked. She also wanted to know
if he had not seen her get on the train
at Milpitas. When the mole was
reached Roach went with the girl and
had her trunk checked.
Miss Bailey was nervous and excited.
Roach's attention was attracted more
particularly to her condition. She in
quired about policemen and seemed
afraid to travel. She was peculiar, and,
he thought, slightly demented. The
girl complained of being cold and ex
pressed a wish for some coffee. Roach
took her into Owen Rooney's restau
rant, and they both had coffee ■ and
toast. While there she showed him' a
letter Dr. Stocking had given her to
show to conductors, and then he saw
she had just been discharged from Ag
news Asylum. He at once took more
interest in her. The letter explained
that the Bailey girl was unaccustomed
to traveling and asked trainmen to look
out for her.
When they finished their coffee.
Roach took up two grips the girl had
and escorted her to the overland train,
which left at 8:30. He remarked that
she had considerable baggage, and Miss
Bailey told him that the smaller grip
contained nothing but medicines. On
the way to the car she told him she
had slept none during the night, but
as soon as she got Into the car she
would take a sleeping powder. She
told him she was going to write to him,
and he tore a page out of a memoran
dum book and wrote his name on it and
gave it to her. There was no one in the
car when he left her.
Roach was with Bessie Bailey about
forty-five minutes, and he says that all
that time she hardly knew what she
was doing. She told him of going to
visit her uncle In Indiana.
When Bessie Bailey left Agnews
Asylum she was given a sedative, and
this may have been what she referred
to as a sleeping powder. Whatever it
was she had she brought It from Ag
news, for she had no opportunity to
purchase It between there and Oak
land.
The physicians at Agnews deny that
any criminal operation was performed
on Bessie Bailey there, and to-day Drs.
Sponogle, Stc-cking and Christal made
statements to that effect.
ACCUSED OF POACHING.
Oakland Sportsman's Arrest Caused
by the Cordelia Club.
STTIST'N, Dec. s.— The first case of al
leged poaching since the decision of the
Supreme Sourt in the case of the Corde
lia Gun Club vs. McCrea et al. will come
before Judge Buckles next Monday. The
defendant is Robert Boyer. a cigar drum
mer of Oakland, against whom a writ of
attachment has been issued at the in
stance of the Cordelia Gun Club. I? is al
leged that Boyer shot ducks on the pre
serves owned by the club, in violation of
a perpetual Injunction issued from the Su
perior Court against trespassers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
[F[f Murphy BuHdlnari ■■* . |j
Martet and- Jones Streets.
SPECIALSALE
THIS DAY
—OB" M
5000 Dozen I
yyyy yy^Bsi i
LADIES' AND
CHILDREN'S
NOVELTY
HOSE I
AT
.■-••• ; ' " /
ON THE— - I
|ffi gBESSEB . :
[/[j Murphy Building, Jr \■,
Market ii Jones Streets. '
■LJ-.ij.1.-i -■■ '
azzigf™^^ CAN CE R
C A^SSyL ■■J-1& TUKOR_HCSPITAL
\ J #|||p^%^^ X° KNIFE or PAIN
»^ liyk^ 52^*% Any lump in a wo-
i)g»7*wy*»Sj£W^& £^ "man's breast is can-
wKfe^^M-^P^ The poison
Bt. quickly goes to arm-
m^^w^^^&L M m \^*P a common place.
' a *' ■ free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Fraitt>.
8. R. CHAMIEY, M. D., 23 & 25 Third ST . ri'R Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
Use I**^k
Facial Soap fc^? Facial Cream.
Woodbury'* Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOHN
H. WOODBURY. will make the complexion
Clear, Soft and Beautiful and the teeth white.
Sold everywhere.
<3><S><J><s>.S><S»<s><3><s.*j><£<s><«><s> <g> .<£ .<§>'<?>
♦ /< p'<* \ J
I STYLISH AND USEFUL. I
<}, . You have Just three weeks In which ♦
v to do your Christmas shopping, so save a
<$> time by coming- to us If you require -
. footwear or intend presenting a useful ♦
w present to some one, and what is more a '
<4, useful or more acceptable than Shoes v
, •. or Slippers? Our stock is complete, our A
*' quality the best, our prices the lowest. *?,
<S> Ladles' Stylish Fur-Trimmed Felt i$
a, Juliets, Flannel-Lined. • Coin ■ "■•' ''&'■'
v Toes; Colors Red, Brown •or - •«-!»
♦ Black 91. 0U ♦
Ladies' Dong-ola Kid. Fur- •■• . ♦•
Trimmed Juliets, Coin Toes 1.50
A Ladies' Fancy Plaid or Quilted ' a.'
<«> Fur-Trimmed Juliets 1.75 *
<» -$
I Child's I^7 French I
♦ anil. Jfl j Kid %
♦ Misses' S&LX ronze . ♦
t $1.0) $1.25 >
<&
. •. The greatest bargain yet offered.
<> Children's and Misses' French Kid •♦•
a Bronze Button Shoes, with Brown '&■
v Cloth Tops, Hand-Turned Soles and *
<^ Spring • Heels. These Shoes sell regu- ; v
a larly for $2 60 and $3 00. but as a spe- &•
clal sale we will offer them for
♦ Child's sizes. Sto 10&..............51.00 :
<»> Misses' sizes. 11 to 2...... 1.25 <$>
<?> w.Y:;:V " ♦
.j. SPECIAL -A 16-page book of*
v Views of the Late War will be for- T
<S> warded to any one sending us the ' ;
<•> names of 2£ ladies residing in the >*
country. .^
*?* Our : new ■ illustrated catalogue . Just * , :
<j> out; send for one. . .j...^<^;
<s> • - ' ' <8>
Country orders solicited. Address .
♦ B. KATCHINSKI, .J
I PHILADELPHIA, SHOE CO., i
|- 10 Thi?d St., San Franoisco. ' i^*
HALL'S BEINYIGORAIOB
M^r'^M Five hundred reward for any easa
SSmS BSriiS n-e cannot cure. This secret remedy
'•■■ stops all losses in 24 . hours, . cures '
Kive hunur<--ii reward for any casa
we cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, curea
BjflS CSJ Emissions. Impotency. Varlcocele.
fTfvi Kill Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits. Strictures.
UIUJ. LLXI Lost Manhood and all wastlnz ef-
l^^__fi*|3 fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
ESSSesSP sealed, s2 bottle; 3 bottles, ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, ■ Oakland, ' Cal. • Alsa '
for sale at 1073H Market St., S. F. All ; pri- •
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
56
.. TUESDAY DECEMBER 6, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts^ S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.60
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Bunding
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE.. Rl£4s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Morquett© Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
topen until 9:30 o'clock. 387 hays street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larßln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:50 o'clocß. NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUbEMtNTS,
California — "A Boy Wanted Just for Fun.**
unbia — "Gayest Manhattan."
Alcazar— "The Private Secretary."
Tlvull— "Cyrano de Bergerac"
M. to sco's— " Blacklisted."
Asdy Theater— " Ole Olson."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Gorrilia man, vaudeville and the boo.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, specialties.
Eutro's Baths — Swimming.
Mechanics' Pavilion — Charity Bazaar.
Columbia — Press Club Entertainment, Thursday After-
noon, December 8.
Shprman - Clay Hall— Piano Recital Friday Evening, De-
cember 9.
Oakland Race Track— Races to-day.
Rosen thai — Coming In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Killip & Co.— Tuesday evening, December 8, at 7:3 C
o'clock. Thoroughbred Yearlings, at corner Market street and
Van Ness avenue.
ThJE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
TO those persons who expected the President to
submit to Congress a definite and final policy
of action with regard to the islands taken from
Spain the Presidential message will prove disap
pointing. To those, however, who understand the
difficulties of the problem and the necessity of a
thorough consideration of every issue before any ir
revocable step is taken in connection with it, the
cautious and conservative statesmanship displayed in
the message will be highly gratifying.
The President urges no hasty action, no leap in
the dark. He reviews for the instruction of Congress
the events leading up to the war, the conduct of the
war and the situation as it stands, and in conclusion
says:
"I do not discuss at this time the government or
the future of the new possessions which will come
to us as the result of the war with Spain. Such a
discussion will be appropriate after the treaty of
peace shall be ratified. In the meantime, and until
Congress has legislated otherwise, it will be my duty
tc continue the military government which has ex
isted since our occupation and give the people secur
ity in life and property and encouragement under a
just and beneficent rule."
It is to be noted that the President does not include
Cuba among "the new possessions which will come
to us as the result of the war with Spain." He re
views the Cuban situation separately and announces
that as soon as we are in possession "and have paci
ried the island, it will be necessary to give aid and
direction to this people to form a government for
themselves." The President does not mean, how
ever, to shirk any of the responsibilities that morally
rest upon us to prevent a reign of lawlessness in the
island, for he adds: "Neither revenge nor passion
should have a place in the new Government. Until
there is complete tranquillity on the island and a
stable government inaugurated, military occupation
will continue."
While not expressly urging upon Congress the rec
ommendations of the Hawaiian Commission as to the
form of government to be provided for Hawaii, the
President virtually does so by declaring: "It is be
lieved their recommendations will have the earnest
consideration due to the magnitude of the respon
sibility resting upon you, to give such shape to the
relationship of those mid-Pacific lands to our home
Union as will benefit both in the highest degree."
While wisely leaving the decision of the perplexing
questions involved in the government of the islands
to a time when experience in their management shall
enable us to judge better how to deal with them, the
President is quite firm and decided on other matters
hardly less important. For the construction of the
Nicaragua canal, for the encouragement of our mer
chant marine, and for currency reform, he asks imme
diate legislation.
Important reasons exist for prompt action in each
of these cases, but particularly in that of the canal.
Serious complications menacing the canal project
have arisen in Nicaragua, and after stating them fully,
the President says: "All these circumstances suggest
the urgency of some definite action by Congress at
this session, if the labors of the past are to be utilized
and the linking of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by
a practical waterway is to be realized."
On that showing the country has a right to expect
that this long delayed issue will be dealt with at last,
and our Government take this winter the first step in
the accomplishment of the great enterprise.
The message is long, but not too long for the
themes discussed. This has been a momentous year
for the republic. The President has as compactly as
possible stated the problems before us. and outlined
a policy of wise and prudent statesmanship. The
ri(-c aße W ni surely have the approval of the CQn _
servative sentiment of the country.
One pleasing feature of the confession of Becker
to the charge of forgery is that there is nothing now
in the way of going ahead with the trials of the rascals
who were associated with him, and who have tried to
escape punishment by loading him with all the blame.
Young women who make palpably fake pretense of
attempting suicide ought to pay space rates for ac
counts of it, with extra, of course, where the accom
panying picture presents ttiem as beautiful.
Among all the European nations Italy and Switzer
land alone do not wish the active anarchist con
demned to death. The first produces him and' the
second has little trouble with him.
When the Examiner shall have switched its "na
tional policy" rot over to the funny column, it will be
given credit for having recognized the fitness of
things.
SENATORIAL QUALIFICATIONS.
THE discussion of Senatorial qualifications is nut
a novel thing in California, nor should it ever
become obsolete. The Senator represents the
State. The office is peculiarly exalted by the con
stitution. A member of the House has a term of two
years and the President a term of four years, while a
Senator has a term of six years. A Senator outlasts
an administration and a half, and covers three Con
gresses, three terms of a Representative. This ar
rangement projects the State into affairs in such a
way as to assure continuity of policy. The Executive
may change and the House does, but the Senate con
tinues beyond either, and stands guard against the
effects of erratic change in affairs that might injure
the country.
Therefore, there is no issue in their politics of
greater interest to the people than the character and
qualifications of the men who are to represent the
wishes and the majesty of a State in the Senate.
The San Francisco Post has often discussed this
subject with a singularly clear and elevated estimate
of what a Senator should be. That paper, too, is
rather fond of girding at Senator Perkins and taking
the public into its confidence in its idea and measure
of Senator Perkins' disqualifications. As recently as
the 29th ult. it had a double-measured editorial set
ting forth its opinion of his Senatorial demerits, in
which, by direction and implication, it recorded its
idea of what a Senator should be. In this editorial the
Post said:
"In the person of Honorable George C. Perkins the
State of California has a statesman who is controlled
by his environment rather than being himself a con
trolling factor in it. What he will do under any given
circumstances cannot be foretold, for the very obvious
reason that he entertains no well defined opinion upon
any question of statecraft. In fact, his statesmanship
is of the amateur order. Senator Perkins has been
an industrious man, but his activities have been com
mercial rather than educational. He has been so
much engrossed in his successful commercial career
that but a limited time has been afforded him for
mastering the lessons of history or even studying the
most primitive principles of civil government. In the
absence of well-defined convictions as to the pur
poses of government, and what relation it should sus
tain to the people, Senator Perkins is a statesman
without compass or rudder."
Yet Senator Perkins served in the California Leg
islature, had a successful term as Governor and
brought all this public experience with him into the
Senate. His public life is free from scandals and his
progress in official promotion has been brought about
by the people themselves, before whom he has gone
to judgment in the ballot-box. If, with all this, the
Post considers him unfit for Senator, we would like
the opinion of that journal upon the qualifications of
Colonel Burns, who desires to be Senator Perkins'
colleague. Has Colonel Burns found time, while
achieving commercial success, to deeply inform .him
self in the lessons of history? Has he mastered the
principles of civil government? Is he informed of
the relations of government to the people? Has he
well-defined opinions, based upon knowledge, of the
various questions of statecraft with which he must
deal?
In fine, what qualification has Colonel Burns that
Senator Perkins lacks? Has his public life been
purer? When set over few things by the people, was
he so faithful to his trust as to deserve to be master
over many things?
If the Post's estimate of Senator Perkins is cor
rect, is there not all the more need to send as his
:olleague a man who is up to the exalted measure of a
Senator set forth by that paper?
Why is not the Post in the field, saving the credit
of the State by presenting such a man, pointing out
his merits, giving a list of his acts which prove his
scholarship, his mastery of history and statecraft and
his honor unstained, as a Senator should be?
If the Post is not belittling Senator Perkins from
sheer malice, or envy, or wantonness, it is doing that
which is always unpleasant to a journalist, incurring
personal hostility for the public good. If so, it cannot
content itself and make its calling sure with the peo
ple by publishing its low estimate of the Senator we
have, but must labor to prevent a duplication of that
which it affects to consider a misfortune to the State.
THE EXPLOSIVE MILL.
WHILE powder is useful only from its tendency
to explode, the fact is recognized that the ex
plosion must, to produce the best results, be
hedged about with certain restrictions.
Yesterday there was another fatal accident in a
powder^factory across the bay. It is high time that
similar catastrophes so near centers of population be
made impossible. Of course, the only way to bring
this condition is to banish the factories to an island
or a wilderness. In doing this there should be no
delay.
Every employe of a powder mill takes his life in
hie hands. He knows the risk he faces, and with
eyes open he meets the desperate chance. There may
be possibility of protecting him through the enforce
ment of precautions now neglected. Be this as it
•may, there are methods by which the public can be
protected. The public cannot pack up and go. It
can reasonably ask that the disintegrated powder mill
be not rebuilt upon the site of havoc and death.
It is a strange circumstance that there should be so
many explosions in this vicinity. California produces
a large quantity of powder, but it does not produce
more than all the rest of the United States, yet it does
supply most of the fatal explosions. San Francisco
remembers well the tragedy of seven or eight years
ago, when all the cities around the bay were rocked
and shaken as with a mighty earthquake. At that
time hundreds of lives were endangered, thousands
of dollars of damage wrought. But no lesson was im
pressed. At short intervals ever since the event has
been repeated on a smaller scale.
There is no sense in permitting this to continue.
Let the powder mill seek the Farallones or some spot
equally remote. Its presence is a constant menace.
There should be placed on human life a greater value
than upon the prosperity of any industry. To elim
inate the powder mill from the centers of population
would not impair the industry, and even if it were to
do so there ought to be no hesitation in taking the
step.
An evening paper calls for a vigilance committee to
attend to the Board of Education. Surely, the courts
ought to be equal to this task. And perhaps the peo
ple deserve punishment, anyhow, for electing Wallers,
Ragans and Druckers to places of trust.
Germany's answer to the proposition of the Czar
for disarmament has been an increase in the military
strength. Evidently the Kaiser fears he is being given
what is known in diplomatic circles as a jolly.
If the latest Custom-house scandal is based on fact,
Special Moore should be bounced so quickly that he
would not have a chance to resign.
As a health resort for defaulters New Mexico seems
to be more or less of a failure.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6. 1898.
fJN IDEAL SAN FRANCISCO.
pi; NCOURAGED by the success which has thus
I far attended her efforts to provide the Univer-
s ity— * sity of California with a home of surpassing
beauty and grandeur, Mrs. Hearst has undertaken a
task of far greater magnitude — that of providing plans
along which San Francisco may be developed into an
ideal metropolis.
To many persons the magnitude of the new enter
prise will seem so great that they will regard the plan
as impracticable and will be averse to giving it sup
port. On the other hand, that very magnitude will
attract many people and awaken their enthusiasm. It
remains to be determined which of these classes pre
vail in the city. If we decide that the undertaking is
beyond our strength then it will be so, but if we
resolve to accomplish it and work to that end, it will
be not wholly beyond our abilities, and the realization
will in no small measure show forth the grandeur of
the ideal.
The plan as outlined is a comprehensive one. The
leading architects and engineers of the world are to
be invited to devise a programme of improvements,
including sewers, streets, parks and buildings— in
short, all the constructive work required to build up a
great city. Along the lines of the plan which shall be
adopted all future construction shall be carried out
as far as possible. The objects to be attained are con
venience, health, beauty and dignity.
The advantage resulting from the adoption of a
well-ordered plan of municipal improvements, and
then working systematically to carry it out, is too
self evident to need an argument to sustain it. If Mrs.
Hearst's munificent civic patriotism offered nothing
more than that it would still be a gift of vast value to
the city. Her aspiration, however, is for something
more. She would not only provide us with a plan
suitable for a city, but the best plan for making this
the best city in the world.
It is always helpful to a community to have well
defined ideals. However weak and infrequent may be
the attempts to realize them, every effort in that direc
tion results in some gain. Moreover, improvements
made in one city lead to improvements elsewhere.
Paris, made beautiful by Napoleon 111, roused the
emulation of all Europe, and .brought about that
movement toward municipal improvement which has
accomplished so much to make the modern city clean,
healthful and attractive by its beauty, as well as by its
wealth.
Mrs. Hearst's liberality has opened to San Fran
cisco a way to accomplish great things. No other city
on the globe, with the possible exception of Edin
burgh, is so picturesquely situated as this, and Edin
burgh has nothing like the possibilities that await San
Francisco. Destiny and the expanding commerce of
the Pacific will make on this peninsula a great metrop
olis, but it depends upon San Franciscans themselves
whether that metropolis is to be merely a swarming
hive of people or the model city of the twentieth cen
tury.
BY frequent repetition of the statement that
Great Britain prevented a European alliance
from interfering against us in the war with
Spain, and by reason of the cordial feeling with which
that statement has been received in this country,
some British journals seem to have persuaded them
selves that Great Britain is entitled to as much credit
and as much profit from the war as the United States.
The Saturday Review, for example, in discussing
the work of the Peace Conference at Paris, says:
"Let us be frank and say outright that we expect
mutual gain in material interests from this raproche
ment. The American Commissioners at Paris are
making their bargain, whether they realize it or not,
under the protecting naval strength of England, and
we shall expect a material quid pro quo for this as
sistance. We expect the United States to deal gen
erously with Canada in the matter of tariffs, and we
expect to be remembered when the United States
comes into possession of the Philippines, and above
all we expect her assistance on the day, which is
quickly approaching, when China comes up for set
tlement, for the young imperialistic has entered upon
a path where it will require a froog friend, and a
lasting friendship between two nations is secured, not
by frothy sentimentality or puppet forms, but by re
ciprocal advantages in solid, material interests."
After what was accomplished during the war by the
American navy, this assertion that our Commission
ers at Paris are making terms with Spain "under the
protecting naval strength of England" comes near
carrying impudence to the extreme limit. It goes
without saying that every repetition of that kind of
talk tends to weaken the friendly relations of the two
countries. We are not yet so deeply enamored of
a British alliance that we can tolerate the presump
tuous claim of a British naval protection.
The statement, however, is not to be passed over
as unworthy of notice. It shows what will be ex
pected of us if we enter upon the foolish policy of an
nexing the Philippine Islands, taking an active part
in the tortuous diplomacy of the Orient, and imitating
European nations in making aggressions there.
So long as the United States follow the wise poli
cies of the past and avoid the temptation to enter
upon a career of conquest, so long they will need no
ally nor have any cause to fear the world in arms. If,
however, the imperialistic career is undertaken the
result will prove that the boastful Saturday Review
was right in asserting that we will need a strong
friend, and then we shall learn that "lasting friend
ship between two nations is secured not by frothy sen
timentality or puppet forms, but by reciprocal advan
tages in solid material interests."
Two Kentuckians who recently fought a duel fired
just a shot apiece. They went then to the morgue
and lay peacefully on adjacent slabs. The example
they set is respectfully called to the attention of
French editors, who think they are fighting when
court-plaster is sufficient to cover the worst wound
they receive.
There does not seem much tendency among the
authorities at Agnews to 6tir up the scandal created
by the sudden death of a handsome ex-patient.
Doubtless, however, this matter will be attended to for
them.
The German press is urging the Kaiser to seize a
Philippine island, and although that gentleman does
not always display a fine grade of discretion, he seems
to have more sense than his editorial advisors.
Philadelphia may be a little slow, but like other
cities it has just indulged in a fake prize-fight, and
there is something almost live about the manner in
which she is kicking herself.
There is a cheering prospect that our children's
:hildren will see Federal business transacted in the
milding designed years ago for the purpose.
Aguinaldo is said to have changed his religion, but
in whatever guise he may assume, it is safe to say he
is for sale at about the old figure.
If that Mad Mullah fellow is half as mad as he
looks what he needs is a straitjacket and a keeper.
SOME BRITISH BOAStING.
WHAT THE PEOPLE THINK OF DAN BURNS-
Opinions Concerning the Railroad's Senatorial Candidate
Culled From the Interior Press.
Since William F. Herrin, chief of the
Southern Paciflo Company's political
bureau, announced that Colonel D. M.
Burns is the railroad's candidate for
United -States Senator a storm of pro
tests have gone up from the people of
all sections of the State. Some idea of
the way in which the announcement of
Colonel Burns' candidacy has been re
ceived by the press of the State may be
gained by a perusal of the following
clippings from interior papers:
Burns Should Adjourn.
Napa Register.
It is said that Dan Burns is consid
ering whether or not he will "take the
Senatorship." If he considers the wel
fare of the Republican party and the
best interests of California he will ad
journ the caucus he is holding with
himself and go back to the "fads" he so
affectionately speaks of as his.
A Blotted Escutcheon.
Arbuckle New Era.
Since the withdrawal of M. H. de
Young from the Senatorial contest
Colonel Dan Burns "of Mexico" seems
to be the favorite with his party. He is
said to be the choice of Governor-elect
Gage. From a Democratic standpoint
he is a good man for the Republicans
to send to the Senate, but, politics laid
aside, Californians feel that they can
scarcely afford to have themselves rep
resented at the nation's capital by a
man with the sort of a blot on his
escutcheon that attaches to the name of
the colonel.
Prayer for Delivery.
Santa Clara Journal.
Dan Burns is said to be a candidate
for Senator. From such an affliction,
good Lord, deliver us.
An Insolent Affront.
Los Angeles Times.
We look upon even the bare mention
of the name of Dan Burns for the Sen
ate of the United States as an insolent
affront to the people of the State of
California, Not to say so would be the
evasion of a plain duty.
A Senatorial Impossibility,
Tulare Register.
Mr. Herrin has stated in an author
ized interview that his preference for
United States Senator is Mr. Daniel
Burns. That settles it for Mr. Burns.
He thereby becomes a Senatorial im
possibility if he was not such an im
possibility before and his election would
absolutely undo the Republican party
in this State and wreck the political
fortunes of the men, now held in high
esteem, who are looked to guide the
Republican party clear of breakers.
A Clean Man Needed.
San Diego Tribune.
"Senator Dan Burns." Never! That
job is waiting a clean man devoted to
the interests of the people. California
doesn't want a political papster repre
senting her in the Senate.
A Missing Adjective.
Los Anceles Times.
Dan Burns says politics is his fad.
But Daniel left out the adjective
"crooked."
Is He the Right Man?
Los Angeles Times.
The San Francisco race track, of
which Dan Burns is a practical part,
continues to reap Its victims. The
latest Is Peter McGlade, who is on the
way back from Deming to meet dis
honor in the home from which he fled.
And Mr. Huntington's hired man thinks
Dan Burns is the right man for United
States Senator.
A Shameful Candidacy.
Red Bluff Sentinel.
The highest and lowest officials of the
Southern Pacific Company have re
peatedly asserted that "the railroad is
out >f politics," but this statement is
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. W. D. F. Ward of Fortuna is at the
Grand.
D. S. Lightner, a miner of San Josa, is
at the Buss.
Edward Goodwell of Montreal is a gnest
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Lawrence Harris of Butte
are at the Palace.
Dr. J. D. Davidson from Fresno Is a
guest at the Palace.
Everett Hay den, U. S. N., of Mar© Isl
and is at the Palace.
Attorney W. A. Gett of Sacramento is
a guest at the Lick.
T. Westport "Wymonde of London is
registered at the Palace.
G. S. Gaule, a cattle dealer of San Jose,
is registered at the Lick.
John Howell, a prominent engineer of
Merced, Is staying at the Lick.
H. L. Luke of Butte, Montana, is at the
Grand with his wife and child.
Lieutenant G. M. Kirkman, U. S. A.,
and wife are g-uests at the California-
Capitalist H. M. Yerington and wife of
Carson City are staying: at the Palace.
T. W. and A. H. Cowan, wealthy fruit
growers of Loomis, are at the Occidental.
Albert Johnson, an attorney of Sacra
mento, and his wife, are guests of the
California,
E. N. Camp of Chicag-o, vifro controls
large mining interests, with his wife, is
at the Palace.
Joseph Durney, manager of the Grlffith-
Durney Company, has gone to Los An
geles on business.
E. H. Winship and wife of Napa and A.
A. Van Voorhies and wife of Sacramento
are registered at the Occidental.
James E. Bell, a wealthy lumber mer*
chant of Everett, accompanied by his
wife, is registered at the Grand.
Dr. J. S. Phillips, accompanied by his
wife and child, are up from Los Angeles
spending the month with relatives.
W. E. Applegate, the well-known young
turfman and plunger of Chicago, accom
panied by his wife, is registered at the
Palace.
R. A. Graham, a mining man of Marsh
field, Or., and C. M. Hunter of New Or
leans, conductor on the Santa Fe, are at
the Palace.
C. H. Keyser of Carson City is a guest
at the Russ. He is Interested in the stage
lines of Nevada and is a prominent Gov
ernment mail-carrying contractor.
Richard Belcher, a prominent attorney
of Marysville, son of I. S. Belcher, the
late Supreme Court Commissioner, is in
this city attending to legal matters con
nected with the estate of his deceased
father.
Harry Applegate, the noted horseman ,
known as the "boy plunger," William Ire
given the lie by the company's chief
legal counsel, 'William F. Herrin, who
announced to M. H. de Young of the
Chronicle and J. D. Spreckels of The
Call at an interview held in the lat
ter's office that Dan Burns is the rail
road's candidate for United States
Senator.
This will come as a staggering blow
to the mass of the people of California.
The Democratic party has repeatedly
charged that the Republican party is
dominated and controlled by the South
ern Pacific Company and Mr. Herrin's
statement makes a clean-cut issue be
tween the people and the railroad com
pany.
Dan Burns was repudiated by the Re
publican party four years ago when M.
M. Estee was defeated for Governor
and the balance of the ticket was elect
ed by large majorities.
Burns represents the corrupt boss ele
ment of politics and has a small fol
lowing in San Francisco which he ab
solutely controls. He is a shrewd
manipulator of conventions and at
the last State convention had thirty
eight of the 160 votes from San Fran
cisco in his vest pocket. It would be a
lasting disgrace to California to elect
Boss Burns as United States Senator
and it is infamous that the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company should at
tempt to thwart the wishes of the peo
ple of this State by proposing to elect
a man with the history and record of
Burns.
The railroad company should be given
to understand in an unmistakable way
that it cannot dictate the election of a
United States Senator. It has pleaded
persecution at the hands of its enemies
and it now lays itself open to the
charges so often made.
It should be served with notice that
the people - ill not tolerate its dictation
and interference, and we are glad that
in the next Legislature Tehama County
will be represented by two high-minded
gentlemen, aLove reproach in every
way, who will be beyond the reach of
corporation influences, and who we
think would consider It a c ;grace to
vote for Boss Burns as the railroad's
candidate f.r Senator.
Takes It for a Joke.
Berkeley World-Gazette.
This talk of Burns being a candidate
for United States Senator must be a
joke, or a boomlet born out of season;
it is hard to conceive of any one In
California really wanting Burns in the
Senate. It would, in short, mean car
rying jobbing in politics to that ex
treme that the people, in self-defense,
would have to revive the early methods
employed in this State, whereby un
bearable crimes were settled by "a
committee authorized to act." It is
earnestly to be hopfcd that "doing poll
tics" will not reach a stage justifying
such severe measures.
A Boss Gone to Seed-
Auburn Republican.
Not satisfied with their efforts to
force De Young into the Senatorial
fight, the Democrats are now under
taking to force Colonel Dan M. Burns
into the struggle. Quite probable, when
the Legislature meets, the Republican
party, which controls a large majority
of its members, will have Just a little
to say. They certainly will not permit
the small fraction of fusionists to rob
the party of the fruits of its great vic
tory by sending a mere nonentity, or
a boss gone to seed, to the Senate of
the United States.
Another Point of View.
San Bernardino Sun.
There is little doubt that Colonel Dan
Burns is out for United States Senator.
The announcement will be surprising,
but it is none the less true. And if
Burns insists in staying in the fight,
here's guessing that he will win.
Not that he ought to. His election as
United States Senator would go a long
way toward landing California In the
Democratic column two years henoe.
land, the Kentucky horseowner, Mark L.
Stone, a prominent New York merchant
and Percy Goldstone, who is connected
with the Wasp, arrived in this city Sun
day direct from New York.
J. J. O'Neill, the prominent bookmaker,
arrived at the Palace last night with his
wife and sister-in-law. The party were on
the Sunset limited train which was ditch
ed near Jennings, La., and they say It
was fortunate that the accident was not
attended by moro serious results.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.-Mrs. A. p
Gunn and Miss Gunn of San Franl
Cisco are at the Riggs House. C. W
uates of Los Angeles and R. W. Shingle
of Honolulu are in the city.
FUN FOR ALL SORTS.
msm.
a? £»— ° "-» - ■vwst
Why," said she, "it is when thp« t.
Ing his clergy, the choir. Is murdering th^
not dangerous, to be present
»\ a f, Reaped," the hero cried
"A peril few have missed.
I grot. It's true,
A shot or two.
But I haven't yet been kissed."
—Washington Stan,
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
. Justice Circle, after an interesting
meeting last week,: had a pleasant social
hour, during which icecream and cakes
were served to all the members.
; Supreme Grand Secretary Mrs. Morrow
visited Mazzini ; Circle last week. Loyal
Se^OtlTVnsP 6 a ChrlStoaa party on
A new circle will soon be instituted at
members. ' WUh thlrt y- five charter
# Eureka Circle Initiated four applicants
for membership last Thursday night
Ps t»^ d C1 F l e * '■ 18^-, a Peasant social
on Saturday night in Foresters' building
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Liberty Lodge has under consideration
a proposition to put Ben I. Solomon, its
energetic and faithful reporter, to the
front for supreme representative to the
Supreme Lodge that is to meet in De
troit, Mich., next June. During the sec
ond week in January next this lodge will
hold a public installation and entertain
ment.
ARE FIGHTING
FOR ST, MARY'S
PARK FUND
Supervisors Asked to
Reconsider.
FURNITURE BIDS OPENED
CONTRACTS FOB SHEA & SHEA
WITHOUT COMPETITION.
Petitions to Pull Off Boxing Contests
Held Over Upon a Motion
Made by Supervisor
Delany.
Reverend Father Otis. Father McCorry
and George D. Shadburne made a vain at
tempt yesterday to get the Board of Su
pervisors to reconsider its action rescind
ing the apportionment of $75,000 to St.
Mary's Park. Upon motion of Dr. Clin
ton Mr. Shadburne was granted the privi
lege of the floor and he took advantage of
the opportunity to deliver an eloquent ap
peal in behalf of the measure.
Mr. Shadburne had his law books with
him and quoted from them to show that
the board had no legal right to rescind
its previous appropriation, as it was mada
for a specific purpose. Upon a motion of
Devany the matter was allowed to pass
to come up in Its regular order.
Yesterday's meeting was called to order
by Supervisor Britt, who remained in the
chair during the hour's tardiness of
Mayor Phelan.
Clinton's anti-gambling ordinance was
knocked In committee, as was the anti
everything but slot machines resolution of
Supervisor Delany.
The following bids for the furnishing of
the Hall of Justice were opened: Leahy
Bros., $*3,780; George H. Fuller Desk Com
pany, $77,990; San Francisco Novelty and
Plating Works, $81,800; California Artistic
Metal and Artistic Iron "Works Company,
177,998.
Without granting to any other archi
tects the privilege of bidding. Shea & Shea
were ordered by the board to prepare
plans and specifications for a water-fil
tering system for the City Hall to cost not
more than $CSOO, and for a new police sta
tion in the Mission to cost $50,000.
The plan for the sweeping of streets
that was submitted by the Merchants'
Association was adopted.
By a unanimous vote Mayor Phelan's
veto of the ordinance providing for the
paving of Post street, between Leaven
worth and Hyde, was overruled.
The petition of the Western Athletic
Club for a permit to give a boxing con
test was reported upon favorably by the
committee, out an objection by Delany
precipitated a vote, and the resolution
was lost. The petition of the Excelsior
Club for an extension of time was re
ferred to the Health and Police Commit
tee. ____^_^__^_^_
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
At the meeting of Lincoln Lodge last
week there -were present thirty-five
members and three visitors. There was
one initiation, the nomination of officers
for the ensuing term and the announce
ment that the election will be held to
day. The installation will be on the
first Monday In January.
Pioneer Lodge gave a pleasant at home
last Tuesday night, during which Miss
Bartoldi favored with a zither solo and
Miss Li. Bosevear gave a vocal solo
Then there was inaugurated dancing
under the auspices of Mrs. Carnell Mrs
Annie F. Horn, Miss L. Rosevear Mrs"
Bacon and Miss M. Phipps, the commit
tee on entertainment. The next entertain
ment of this lodge will be on the 27th
inst., when there will be a domino party.
STROSMATER COUNCIL.
Th« second aniversary entertainment
and dance given last Tuesday evening
by Strosmayer Council of the Y. M. L, in
Union Square Hall, was a very enjoyable
affair that was enjoyed by a large num
ber of people. The following was the en
tertainment programme:
Overture, J. D. Hines' orchestra; address,
Hon. Frank J. Murasky; vocal solo, Miss Kit
tle McShane; Gypsy dance. Miss Eva Ayres
Miss Lulu Robinett; whistling solo, Miss Cor
die Wetjen; song, "Darling Sue," Frank W
Healy; recitation, Miss Cora Flsk; specialties.
Little Rosle Bennett.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
San Francisco Hive at a recent meeting
voted to give an entertainment to Its
friends in Alcazar Social Hall on Thurs
day evening, the 15th of December. This
hive, under the direction of Mrs. Mary
E. Salomond, the lady commander has
of late done much to advance itself In
the order.
Cal. glace fru.* 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Our store will be open evenings until
Christmas. Sanborn, Vail & Co- 741 Mar
ket street. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen' B), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
From Chicago, New York, Boston, wo
ieliver to all points Crest* Blanca wines.
Jrder Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co., 410 Post st., S. F. •
Goldplunks— l think I'll put a clause In
my will that if any of mv relatives con
test it they won't get a cent.
Friend— Oh! their lawyers will see that
they don't.— Puck.
No Christmas Table should be without a bot
tle of Dr. Siegert'a Angostura Blttera. the fin
est appetizer, imported from South America.
Mrs. Putt— l had to get rid of my cook.
Mrs. Bye— lndeed?
Mrs. Putt— Yes; she used one of my golf
sticks for kindling wood, and there were
three of Henry's walking sticks right at
hand.— Philadelphia North American.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN XMAS GIFT FROM SANTA
GLAUS
Will be the exquisite whiteness ol
Christmas snow that we will lay upon
your shirt bosom, collars and cuffs.
Those who know a good thing when
they see it will appreciate the faultless
work that we put on their linen in color
and perfect finish. Sample it.
The United States Laundry, offica
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420HOW LABOR
BEATS CAPITAL
AT MOROSCO'S
Mr.Stevens Shot in the
Scarf He Wore.
MR. BROPHY'S WHITE SHIRT
IT IS FIRST ENTJUcvED, THEN
PITIED, THEN EMBRACED.
And Mention Some of the Varied
Attractions That Are on View
at All the Other Play-
Houses.
v will miss old Morosco's when,
tew weeks, .that theater closes for
ad refurnishing and the stock
company goes off to do the road until
the opera season Is over. Mis
pi^n street won't seem its own
warm self without the Morosco melo
drama. They may reset the Grand in
and diamonds and bring on a
hundred Melbas, but there will be
hearts and lonesome nights
o" Market. No father could have
been kinder to his children than Mr.
Morosco has been to his patrons. He
aught them what they want, and
'iven it to them week in and year
ithout deviation or surprise. Every
Monday night punctually at S the melo
.t has entered a new week, always
with a new title and often with new
ry, but always the same old piece
the came old people and the
•lor and the thrills in the same old
Mr. Morosco never has trifled
his patrons. They have learned
re his faithful play as a brother,
and they will mourn and mourn when
he takes it away.
"Blacklisted" was the happy title last
flight and the incidental motive was an
nounced as "the strugrle between capi
tal and labor." As usual poor capital
got the under side and the conclusion
I IV found the husky hero and
the horny-handed sons of toil wallow
ing in prosperity and vindication. Capi
tal is not popular at Morosco's. Mr.
Landers Stevens represented it last
night in a deep shell frock coat, cynical
bat and a dangerous pumpkin-col
ored waistcoat. He was all that was
rich and vile. Mr. James M. Brophy
stood for coatless Labor in uncreased
trousers an 1 a pure white shirt cut
Byronically low in the chest. Mr. Bro
phy was the husky hero, virtuous and
true. Virtue and truth inevitably stalk
in uncrtased trousers at Morosco's,
even, if they don't always wear a pure
white shirt — as for instance Mr. Fred
J. Butler, who represented the sire of
the pursued heroine in dejected tailor
ing and last month's haberdashery. Mr.
lUitier wa3 the soiled mechanic. His
daughter had no visible occupation be
■ being loved and almost
lured, but Miss Lorena Atwood dressed
the part down with proper humbleness.
After Mr. Stevens the only persons
who attempted to be stylish were the
six haughty privates in a militia regi
and they were as unpopular with
the audience as they were with the
linking iniil hands. Mr. Brophy's
while shirt was against him at first,
but as soon as Mr. Stevens had set
.> the mill with intent to fasten
the arson on the strikers and Mr. Bro
phy had rushed into the flames with a
lireproof ax and been returned to the
center of the stage by the explosion of
a can of coai oil, the audience took him
to their hearts, white shirt and all.
But something must have happened
to that shirt, for Mr. Brophy wore his
coat when the curtain went up on the
next act. Mr. Stevens had exchanged
his heavy wardrobe for an Ascot tcarf
and a suit of seductive tweeds. And
the plot congested. The tweeds were
too much for the simple temperament
of Mr. Butler who was taken with in
sanity and almost parted Act 111 in the
center by shooting Mr. Stevens in the
Bcarf. This did not stop the play,
however, for the shooting had be.*i
done with Mr. Brophy's marked pis
tol, and that husky hero was promptly
arrested by the six proud privates,
while the assistant villain filled tie
gap left by the late Mr. Stevens.
There were no notable changes of
raiment in Act IV; the plot was strictly
adhered to, everything coming out as
the audience wanted it to come ana
everybody leaving the theater in
friendliness and satisfaction.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Alcazar.
There were no vacant Beats in the Al
cazar Theater last evening- and not a few
pretty faces and dresses were to be seen
in the audience. The occasion was a ben
efit of St. Brigid's parish. Financially
the 'air was a success and theatrically
It was a triumph.
Those on the stage old all in their
rower to please and their efforts were met
with unstinted applause and other marks
cf appreciation.
The curtain rose with a clever little one-
Bet comedietta, "Keeping Up Appear
ances." This is a production of Miss
L.ouise Veiller. :It is a simple domestic
*tory of a young lawyer and his wife, who
Vecome separated on account of her jeal
ousy and his stubbornness. A reconcilia
tion Is brought about in a peculiar man
lier, through an unexpected visit of the
ler, through an unexpected visit of the
fife's father. The young estranged couple
agreed to occupy the same house for one
day to keep up appearances. That set
tled it. This is the first appearance of this
curtain-raiser. Ernest Hastings and Miss
Gretche'n Lyons were well adapted to the
parts of husband 1 and wife and George
Osbourne made an excellent old doting
"The Private Secretary" that followed
was a decided success. In fact, the comi
cal situations, as portrayed by the Alca
zar stock company, produced as much
merriment as when presented eight years
ago in the Baldwin by Sol Smith Russell
and Lillian Owens. . .
Howard Scott took the part of the pri
vate secretary, Robert Spauldlng, and his
conception of the character was as fine
as that of any who have filled the trying
role in the past. George Osbourne as Mr.
Cattermole, rich uncle of Douglas Cat
termole, a young high flyer, made as much
fun as any one. Douglas, the nephew,
was personated by Ernest Hastings, who
la good in many lines.
Gretchen Lyons and Laura Crews made
up well as giddy girls. The cockney dia
lect character of Mrs.- Stead was taken by
Mlhs Ida Krueger, who was the right per
son in the right part. The comedy ran
remarkably smooth for its first night.
"Alabama" follows next week.
Orpheum.
The bill at the Orpheum this week is
more than usually attractive. The house
last night was crowded and the applause
was unstinted. Camilla Urso, the cele
lirated violiniste, met with an enthusiastic
j.,n, Slie was recalled three times,
:ind even then the audience wanted more.
.^ho played "The Witches' Dance," a se
'.(tion from "Cavalleria Rusticana" and
Carnival of Venice."' She showed
me has not dimmed the brilliancy of
• -nn, which charmed the audi
ence Arensen, the equilibrist, is a won
der ai ■! tome of his feats— particularly
the' one on tho slack wire-scorn almost
Incredible. Baker, Sellery and Bartlett
red a farce, "Divorces hile You
Walt." the most taking part being the
jßongs of the lady member of the trio.
Paul Batty's acrobatic bears are a credit
to thrir trainer. The holdovers— Lillie
Western, the musical artiste; the Wilson
family: Emma Carus, the female bary
tone: Joe Flynn, comedian and monolog
ist, and Harry Atkinson, imitator of mu
sical Instruments— have lost none of their
popularity.
Columbia.
"Gayest Manhattan," with new special
ties, will continue as the attraction at the
Columbia Theater this week.
Next Monday night will see a revival of
Evans & Hoej^s famous farcical success,
'A Parlor Match." The piece this season
is said to be presented by quite an array
of clever people, including Mark Sullivan,
J. W. Kingsky. Edith Hoyt, J. W. Gall
away, Tom Browne, William Ware.
California.
"A Boy Wanted" Is attracting crowded
houses to the California Theater, and its
entertaining specialties are winning favor.
The farce will remain up to and including
Saturday night. Next Sunday America's
representative Irish comedian, Dan Sully,
will inaugurate a limited engagement,
playing for the first time in this city at
popular prices.
The Tivoli.
The Tivoli's creditable production of
"Cyrano de Bergerac" attracted another
good-sized audience last night. Edwin
Stevens' work in the title part won nu
merous calls. The performance is smooth
er than ever now, and will be continued
throughout the week.
Gillette in Oakland.
"Secret Service" will have two nights
at the Macdonough Theater this week,
Thursday and Friday. The piece will be
staged exactly as in this city, and as
there are many local theater-goers who
expect to attend the Oakland perform
ances, Gottlob, Marx & Co. have ar-
NEW MEMBERS OF THE STATE BOARD OF AGRICULTURE.
ranged to reserve seats through the box
office of the Columbia Theater in this
city.
Press Club Benefit.
The fifth annual benefit entertainment
of the Press Club of San Francisco will
be held at the Columbia Theater on
Thursday afternoon. The occasion prom
ises to be an event. The entertainment
committee has spared no pains to insure
an excellent programme. All of the
theaters have very kindly volunteered to
assist, and there will be no dearth of tal
ent. Among the attractions will be the
International Opera Company, "Gayest
Manhattan" Company, vocalist? from the
Tivoli, artists from the New Comedy, Mo
rosco's, the Alcazar and the Orpheum.
And besides these selections by Signor
Rafael Meany, the pianist, and Signor
Vargas, the barytone.
The Chutes.
Maud Gage, a whistler with excellent
tone and technique, made a hit at the
Chutes Free Theater last evening, as did
also Omne, a little Japanese woman, who
presents some clever illusions. The rest
of the programme was well received, and
a new moving picture, the "Astronomer's
Dream," created a sensation.
Olympia.
Forman and Howlett, banjoists, scored
a hit at the Olympia Music Hall last
night and Emily Scheindle, the Austra
lian aerial artist, performed her thrilling
feats. There are ten other acts on the
bill.
AND THE MOB STARTED
FOR PICQUART'S PRISON
Speecb.es by Anti-Dreyfusites Fol
lowed by a Street Collision in.
Which a Man Is Wounded.
PARIS. Dec. s.— At a meeting held to
night under the auspices of the Patriotic
League, the most violent anti-Dreyfus or
ganization in Paris, MM. Millevoye and
De Roulede declared that the time had
arrived to pass from words to acts.
The audience thereupon started to
march to the Cherche Midi Prison, where j
Colonel Picquart is confined. The police j
interfered, whereupon the "patriots" |
made for a meeting being held by the ad- !
vocates of revision. A collision occurred, •
revolvers were fired and one man was •
wounded.
M. de Roulede's frantic followers con- j
tinued the parade, shouting, "Vive l'Ar
mee!" and "Conspuez Dreyfus!" until
they reached the Strasbourg monument,
where they were finally dispersed.
HIGHBINDERS IN AUBURN.
Merchant- Ah Yee May Have Been
Slain by His Countrymen.
AUBURN, Dec. s.— No definite clew
has yet been found in the case of Ah
Yee, the wealthy Chinese merchant,
who was literally chopped to pieces
with an ax last Friday night. Report
says there were three highbinders in
town a couple of weeks ago, and on
Friday afternoon Embry Sutton and
Chris Michaels, miners who were sell
ing their gold dust, observed two Chi
nese engaged m a heated conversation
with Ah Yee as they entered the store.
The veteran gold buyer was endoavor
ing to pacify his angry cousins by the
aid of a book and some figures he had
in his hand.
The Coroner's Inquest was held to
day, but the testimony did not develop
anything. Public Administrator Mitch
ell will to-morrow commence a thor
ough search of the dead merchant's
store, believing that the murderers did
not find all of his money and that he
had it hidden in many places.
FRENCH MOVE IN CHINA-
Seeks Control of a Large Portion of
the Yang-tse Valley.
LONDON, Dec. 6,-^The Shanghai
correspondent of the Daily Telegraph
says: "France has made demands at
Nankin (the southern capital of China,
near the right bank of the Yank-tse-
Kiang, and about ninety miles from Its
mouth) that are equivalent to the
alienation of a valuable portion of the
Yang-tse Valley. The Viceroy of Nan
kin stoutly refuses to accede."
San Rafael "Sun" Has Set.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. s.— The San Rafael
Dally Sun, J. H. Rush editor and propri
etor, suspended publication with yester
day's issue. The plant will be moved to
Ban Francisco next Wednesday,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
GOVERNOR BUDD
MAKES FOUR
APPOINTMENTS
Col. Park Henshaw
Gets a Place.
NOTARIES PUBLIC NAMED
TALK ABOUT THE VACAKT
JUDGESHIP.
A List of the Probable Appointments
to Be Made by Attorney Gen
eral-Elect Tirey I*
Ford.
Yesterday was Governor Budd's busy
day. Besides making four appointments
he received innumerable callers and lis
tened to suggestions without end con-
cernlng other appointments that are to \
be made between now and the close ol i
his term of office.
The appointments mad© were of two
members of the State Board of Agricul
ture and two notaries public. Frederick
Cox, one of the present members of the
Board of Agriculture, was appointed to
succeed himself. The other appointment
is that of Colonel Park Henshaw of Chi
co. lie is named to succeed J. E. Terry,
one of the present members of the board
whose term has expired.
George A. Patterson was commissioned
a notary public for the city and county of
San Francisco, vice A. J. Porter, term
expired. Eugene W. Levy of this city re
ceived a renewal of his commission as
notary public.
Governor Budd has not yet decided whom
he will name as the successor of Judge
Rhodes Borden, whose sudden death- a
few days ago created a vacancy on tho
Superior Court bench in this city. Tho
contention that L. C. Pistolesi, who re
ceived the highest number of votes for
the unexplred term of Superior Judge.will
continue to hold office until the general
election, is not considered worthy of a
moment's consideration. In a majority of
instances a State officer is qualified by
law to hold office until his successor Is
elected and qualified. Such is not the
case, however, in the matter of Superior
Court Judges.
The constitution expressly states that
they shall be elected for a specified
term, no qualification being made re
garding their successors. Judge Borden
having been elected for the ensuing six
years his death creates a vacancy that
can only be filled by appointment by the
Governor.
While much speculation is being In
dulged regarding who will be selected as
the successor of the lftf.e Judge Borden,
it Is the general belief that W. P. Lawle*
will be the lucky man.
What with the stress of official and
political business Governor Budd is hav
ing a hard time trying to get leisure In
which to prepare his final message to the
Legislature. Adjutant General A. W.
Barrett is lending the Governor valuable
assistance, but applications for political
jobs, petitions for pardons and special
pleas of all kinds are coming in so thick
that even the usually level-headed veteran
Is losing his presence of mind. He says
his trials are greater now than during tho
hardest struggles of the late unpleasant
ness with Spain, and threatens to leave
the Chief Executive to fight it out alone.
The following will no doubt be named
to make up the staff of assistants in the
office of Attorney General-elect Tlrey L.
Ford:
Assistant, C. N. Post of Sacramento;
first deputy, George A. Sturtevant of
Ukiah; second deputy. William M. Abbott
of San Francisco; third deputy, A. A.
Moore of Oakland; stenographer, George
Francis of Los Angeles; clerks, Charles
P. Gale of Oroville and Kate V. Hannon
of Sausalito.
BOULEVARD CONTRACTS LET.
Supervisors Refuse to Change the
Route of the Tiburon Road.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 6.— The Board of
Supervisors awarded the construction of
sections 1 and 2 of the Tiburon boulevard
to Jesse Colwell and section 3 to Lunny &
Redmond at to-days session. A number of
property-owners from Sausalito and Mill
Valley were present and urged the board
to postpone action until something could
be done toward changing the route, but
after some discussion the board voiced its
opinion that the route as selected was the
only feasible one. It expressed a willing
ness to build a connecting road from Mill
Valley and Sausalito whenever the right
of way could be obtained and an appro
priation granted.
DON LUIS ARGUELLO DEAD.
Passing of a Descendant of an Old
Spanish Family.
SAN JOSE, Dec. s.— Don Luis Arguello,
one of the best known residents of this
county, died at his home In Santa Clara
at an early hour this morning. He leaves
a family of grown children and a large
estate, though much of this has been
deeded to the children. He was a native
of California, aged 68 years. He came
from one of the old Spanish families and
was noted for his hospitality, which was
upon a lavish scale.
CAPITALIST'S OFFENSE.
Larkspur Citizen Convicted of Hav
ing Obstructed a Highway.
ROSS STATION, Dec. 6.— C. W. Wright
of Larkspur, president of the American
Land and Trust Company, was found
guilty to-day In Judge Rodden's court of
a misdemeanor. Wright obstructed a
fiublic highway by building a fence across
t. Wright gained notoriety here two
years ago By building a barn on the
Misses Browns' property and having it
guarded night and day. The Misses Brown
engaged the services of ex-Marshal Creed,
and after a struggle with Wright and his
guards succeeded In removing the barn
from the property.
DIGNITY OF
THE SENATE
INVOLVED
A Marble Company to
Produce Data.
THE MANAGER HESITATES
COMMITTEE DIBECTS A SUBPENA
TO ISSUE IN BEGT7LAB FORM.
Command That Books of Original
Entry and Memoranda Belating to
Price of Marble Be Produced
at 10:30 a. m. To-Day.
M. J. Hawley, general manager of the
Vermont Marble Company, Is considering
whether his firm will or will not respect
the power and dignity of the State Sen-
I ate. He was requested yesterday by Sen
ator John H. Dickinson, chairman of the
Senate committee appointed to investigate
public institutions, to produce before- said
committee all the memoranda, data and
books of original entry in his possession
concerning amounts secured on account
of marble supplied to Contractor C. F.
McCarthy and used in the construction of
the ferry building.
Mr. Hawley was called before the com
mittee as the contractor's witness to dis
prove the estimates of Expert Reid re
garding the finish and cost of the marble j
in the grand nave. It was the contrac- |
tor's purpose to prove by the witness that |
marble to the value of $20,000 was supplied j
and used. Direct inquiries and cross
questions disclosed the fact that the speci
fications were revised, and so Mr. Haw
ley for the instant could not call to mind
all the details involved. Replying to ques
tions put by Senator Dickinson, Manager
Hawley testified:
"Our company estimated on the origi
nal contract. The estimate was made on
! memoranda brought by Mr. McCarthy. I
| do not think that I ever saw the plans.
I based my figures on data supplied by i
Mr. McCarthy."
Senator Dickinson— Have you the figures
on marble wainscoting?
Manager Hawley— l have the figures on
I the entire work.
A letter bearing the date January 23,
! 1896, was produced, which letter set forth
! that the entire marble work would cost
$20,000.
Replying to Contractor McCarthy, Mr.
' Hawley specified the use of other marble
! than that embraced in the estimate of
; $20,000. Among the additions cited were
i side caps for all piers, sockets under the
girder beams, marble covering of arches
and marble trimmings for ticket windows.
Senator Dickinson to Manager Hawley |
—I request you now to produce here all I
the memoranda and data, and also your
books of original entry bearing on the
prices you received for the marble sup
i plied. If convenient produce them at 10
i a. m. to-morrow.
Manager Hawley— l will consider the re-
QU Senator Dickinson— When you say, Mr.
Hawley, that you will consider the re
quest do you say it with a knowledge
that the committee was appointed under
a resolution of the Legislature to inves
tigate public institutions?
Manager Hawley— No, sir.
Senator Dickinson then explained to
Mr Hawley the powers of the commit
tee and advised him to produce the
books and data requested. The Senator
remarked that failure to comply with
the order of the committee would be re
ported to the Senate.
The chairman consulted his fellow-
Senators, Prlsk and Boyce, and after the
consultation put these questions to Mr.
Hawley: ' :
Senator Dickinson— Are you general
manager of the Vermont Marble Com
pany?
Manager Hawley— Yes, sir.
Senator Dickinson— Were you the gen
eral manager when the marble was sup
plied?
Manager Hawley— Yes, sir.
Senator Dickinson— On behalf of the
committee 1 request you to produce here
at 10:30 a. m. to-morrow all the memor
anda, data and the original books of en
try in your possession bearing on the
marble supplied, In order to get at all
the details.
F. J. Brandon was subsequently di
rected to Issue the subpena in regular
form.
William Cronan, contractor for roofilng,
skylights and galvanized iron, was on the
witness stand for two hours of the after
noon session. He replied to questions put
by his attorney, E. B. Young. The vari
ous allowances and deductions embraced |
in the report of James W. Reid, the ex
pert, were taken up and considered.
In the cost of painting iron there was
a wide difference between the prices as
given by Mr. Cronan and the figures of
the expert. The square feet of surface
estimated by the witness largely exceed
ed the area computed by the expert. Mr.
Cronan testified that he never did any
painting for less than one cent a square
foot. Much of the painting of the depot
had to be done with a small brush.
At the morning session F. A. Kantitz,
civil engineer, and Clarence Musto, a
marble dealer, were witnesses on behalf
of Contractor McCarthy.
A Robber Cabin Boy.
Charles Anderson, a cabin boy on board
the ship Levy Burgess, on March 13 stole
a watch valued at $50 and $300 In coin from
A Race Against Fire.
After a ten-days' fight to avoid death the
crew of a steamer from Spain recently arrived
in Baltimore. In midocean it was discovered
that flames were raging In the vessel's hold
For ten long days the crew bravely fought the
flames. If men would fight as persistently
against disorders of the stomach and diges
tive organs, there would be fewer premature
deaths. The best weapon for such a fight is
Hostetter"s Stomach Bitters. It is the greatest
of tonics, and the best of remedies <■"» Jcldney,
liver, bladder and blood disorders.
Mate Youngeran of the vessel. He sailed
in the ship to Honolulu, but returned a
few days ago from the islands and was
arrested yesterday at Oakland by Detec
tives Ryan and O'Day, charged with
grand larceny, and brought to this city.
DR. TERWAGNE LOST
IN ALASKAN WILDS
Aeronaut Who Started to Search for
Andree Believed to Have
Perished.
VANCOVER, B. C, Dec. s.— According |
to a letter received here from the north
yesterday by the steamer Dirigo Dr. Ter
wagne, the French scientist who intended
hunting for Andree with a balloon in
Northern Alaska, and several of his party
are lost. Terwagne left here several
months ago and went to Skaguay. His
balloon did not arrive, and he started
with several of his party for Dawson,
which he reached. After a short stay
there he staked or bought claims on Do
minion Creek.
Over a month ago he started to come
out, two of his party accompanying him.
Since that time not a trace of them has
been discovered. They had a small sup
ply of provisions and no hope is held out i
for them. They were "tenderfeet" of the '
most pronounced type and would have ;
starved when hardy miner* would have j
lived.
Terwagne is a noted aeronaut. He was |
corresponding for a number of French j
scientific papers. He came here direct
from Paris.
BRIGHT OUTLOOK FOR
THE ISTHMUS CANAL
Senator Morgan Expresses Confidence
That the Bill Will Pass
Congress.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— Senator Mor
gan is greatly pleased with the President's
recommendations concerning the Nlca- i
ragua Canal. He said to The Call cor
respondent to-night that ha would call
the bill up early and he had not doubt
of its passage.
Notwithstanding the fact that some of
the Republican leaders In both the House
and Senate are at loggerheads over this
question, certain leaders have resolved
that no bill shall be considered over which
there is likely to be an extended discus
sion. Senator Allison is one of these and
Dingley of Maine is another. But it is
the general opinion thai the canal bill will
go through. The President's failure to
mention the Bulwer-Clayton treaty signi
fies that he wants Congress to go ahead
regardless of the treaty, which is held
by some to mean Joint construction of
the canal by Great Britain and the United
States.
WATER SUPPLY SHTTT OFF.
Attorney Mahoney of Larkspur Sues
for a Writ of Mandate.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. s.— The American
Land and Trust Company of Larkspur
has refused to supply water at the resi
dence of Attorney W. H. Mahoney, and
the latter has filed a petition for a writ
of mandate compelling the company to
supply him with water.
Passed Forged Check*.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. s.— August Gelser,
an aged German who claims to have come
here from Los Angeles, was this after
noon sentenced to ten years' Imprison
ment at Folsom for having passed forged
checks in this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
D. APPLETON & CO.'S
NEW BOOKS.
The Principles of Biology.
By Herbert Spencer. Volume 1. New
edition, revised and enlarged. En-
tirely reset. 12mo. Cloth, $2.00.
The rapid progress in biology during: the
last' generation has necessitated a re-
vision of this work. The new chapters
with other additions and three new ap-
pendices have increased the size of the
volume to 706 pages. \ ■■-■, v '■"•
Paleface and Redskin,
And Other Stories for Boys and Girls.
By F. Anstey, author of "Vice
Versa," etc. "With many Illustrations.
12mo. Cloth, $1.50. *
The author's delightful humor and his
command of unexpected incidents are
seen at their best in this most interesting
book, which will be read by old and young
alike.
Success Against Odds;
Or, How an American Boy made his
Way. By William O. Stoddard, au-
thor of "Little Smoke," "Crowded
Out o' Crofield," "On the Old Fron-
tier," etc. Illustrated by B. West
Clinedinst. 12mo. Cloth, $1.50.
In this spirited and interesting story Mr.
Stoddard tells the adventures of a plucky
boy who fought his own battles and made
his way upward from poverty in a Long
Island seashore town. It is a tale of
pluck and self-reliance capitally told. The
seashore life is vividly described, and
there are plenty of exciting incidents.
■• ■ . *
These books are for sale by all booksellers:
or they will be sent by mail on receipt of price
by the publishers, °"v' : ; 
D. APPLETON & CO.,
72 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK.
/suffered from catarrh
KC^&tmil!&\. °f* ne worst kind ever since
f^^d^coiJJla boy, and /never hoped
A^ c °<o(& Jju!oJ for cure ' but Ely's Cream
f suffered from catarrh
of the worst kind c ver since
a boy, and I never hoped
for cure, but Ely's Cream
Balm seems to do even that.
I *^^# Many acquaintances have
used it with excellent re-
: jL5* ) ssfeV sults. — Oscar Ostrum, 45 >
ij^^^J^ Warren Aye,, Chicago, 111.
Cream Balm is placed into the nostrils,
spreads over the membrane and is absorbed.
Relief is immediate and a cure follows. It is
not drying— does not produce sneezing. ; Large,
50c; Trial Size, 10c; at Druggists or by mall.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 Warren St., New York.
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND
V'ai.xki'. Moßosco,Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8.
First Production In This City of
BLACKLISTED !
SONGS, DANCES, SPECIALTIES !
POPULAR PRICES .........10c, 25c, 800
Seats on Bale at Box Office and Main Floor
Emperlum. -
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
'. ■.•,,;.■■-■ ■■..—,...■,..* — ,^— ;...■■ . — ..
PRESS CLUB ENTERTAINMENT.
COLUMBIA THEATER,
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, DEC. 8, 1898.
EIGHT SHOWS IN ONE!
Specialties from : Every. Playhouse in the City/
SECURE SEATS ? EARLY. BOX OFFICE
- ■,; ..•:. -:.■,..,-. NOW-: OPEN. ■.'..-■ ■-;■.-•■ .  - •. --
; SUTRO BATHS.
Open Dally from I A. M.. to 6 P. M.
Bathinft from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M.
ADMISSION 10; - - - '■]■ - CHILDREN 5j
Bathing, with admission, 250{ children. 20c
ADVERTISEMENTS. )
Open '^w%
evenin^i^
Am© (po«oc«3 1) 0 - o^* aa'-^w
come with yo*Jf\ parent^
AMT/SEKENTS.
COLUMBIA_THEATER
SECOND SUCCESSFUL WEEK.
BETTER THAN EVER.
KOSTER & BIAL'S
Lively Farcical Extravaganza,
GAYEST
MANHATTAN.
With Absolutely New Specialties.
Each and EVERY One a Gem.
December 12— "A PARLOR MATCH."
CALIFORNIAJHEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Again the Crowds Com* This Way.
CHAS. E. BLANEY'S
BIG EXTRAVAGANZA SUCCESS,
A Boy Wanted
A Modern Conception of Comedy Happily
Fashioned.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c
Next Sunday DANIEL SULLY
NOTE— Gottlob. Marx & Co. announce to their
local patrons who were unable to witness
"SECRET SERVICE" In this city, that Mr.
Gillette Is to appear at the Macdonough The-
ater In Oakland next Thursday and Friday.
Leave orders for seats at Columbia.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
BEATS BY PHONE MAIN 254.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
DOUBLE COMEDY PROGRAMME.
The Private
Secretary.
Preceded by Louiso Veiller's One Act Com-
edietta,
KEEPING UP APPEARANCES.
PRICES : 15cT25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— "ALABAMA." ,
MECHANICS' PAVILION
CHARITYBAZAAR
AND
CALIFORNIA MUSICAL CONTEST
TUESDAY EVENING, DECEMBER 6.
BIG CONCERT ! Brandt's Fall Orchestra
NUMEROUS SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS.
ADMISSION 25c.
A
Mr. WILSON : I knew an Ohio farmer name* Enochs. He
was about fifty yeacs old and was bothered for years with some
trouble the doctors didn't understand. He told me the story
himself. "I kept getting weaker," said he, "and fairly got so
weak my food done me ho good, what little I did eat, and I
went from 135 pounds down to 98." It was the druggist who
suggested that he try Ripans Tabules, and he says that be bad
not used a dozen of them before he feh much better, and after
a month he was cured sound and well, and in less than a year
weighed 1 50 pounds. For a long time he had a had color, bat
to-day his complexion is as £ooH as mine.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THK
great Mexican remedy; gives health anij
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
Formerly the Popular Bush.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEES— SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
The Greatest of All Swedish Comedy Successes
OLE OLSON.
WITH NEW FEATURES.
UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
AND A GREAT COMEDY CAST.
Including
MISS ST. GEORGE HUSSEY
Evening Prices 15c, 25c, Joe. 600
Matinee Prices 15c and 25c
SEATS OX SALE AT BOX OFFICE AND EM-
PORIUM.
Next Monday
THE BIG SENSATION SHOW,
"SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR."
EXTRAORDIN ARY EN G AGEMENT.
MME. CAMILLA URSO,
WORLD FAMOUS VIOLINISTE.
The Sensation of the Day,
PAUL BATTY'S ACROBATIC BEARS.
HAKER, SELLERY AND BARTLETT. Com-
edy Sketch Trio.
ARNESO.V, Premiere Equilibrist.
HARRY ATKINSON, Musical Imitator.
JOE FLYNN, Monologuiat.
EMMA CARUS, Barytone.
LILLIE WESTERN, Instrumentalist.
WILSON FAMILY, New Comedy.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Open*
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Mgr.
THIS EVENING AT 8 PRECISELY.
Edmcnd Rostand's Romantic Play,
CYRANO
DE
BERGERAC!
SUPERB CAST.
Splendid Scenery. Appropriate Accessories.
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
MATINEE EVERY SATURDAY.
Next "THE MASCOT."
j Popular Priceg 25c and 50c
i A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 25c
j Our Telephone, Bush 9.
RACING! RACING' RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting IS9B-99, beginning MONDAY,
Nov. 28, to SATURDAY, Dec. 10. inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. ar.d
12:20, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning — Trains leave the Track at 4:15
i and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after last race.
THOS. H. WILLIAMS *H.. President.
1 R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
OOEWEY,STRONG&CO.^gSV
PATENTSI J)
330 MARKET ST. Sf.^SSSr i
78
AN ENORMOUS
DEFICIT FACES
THE NEW BOARD
It Will Reach Nearly
$300,000.
GALLAGHER CALLED DOWN
SCHOOL DIRECTORS DEFIED THE
GRAND JURY.
Noe Valley School Lot Deal Again
Brought xnto Prominence by
the Searchlight of Jury
man Irving.
The Grand Jury met again last evening
to give further consideration to the du
bious doings of the Board of Education,
and the little row that has been on for the
past week between S. C. Irving, chairman
of the school committee of the jury, and
Director E. J. Gallagher was given a
pretty thorough airing.
A few days ago Irving applied by letter
to Gallagher for certain facts in connec
tion with the Finance Committee of the
Board of Education, of which Gallagher
is the chairman, and for answer he got
a curt refusal to comply with any requisi
tion made by Irving personally. Irving
notified the jury, and Chairman J. D. Me-
Kee communicated with Judge Belcher,
who sent to the jury the following terse
communication: >
SAX FRANCISCO. Dec. 5, IS9S.
Gentlemen of the Grand Jury: I understand
that there is some friction between Mr. Gal
lagher of the School Department and Mr. Irv
ing chairman or the school committee of your
body, and that Mr. Gallagher refuses to permit
Mr " Irvine and lilt- authorized assistants to
inspect the School Department records without
the authority of the Grand Jury for that pur
pose. * - - £<
You must stand by Mr. Irving. He Is doing
his work faithfully and his efforts have my
entire approval. 1 assume that Mr. Irving has
already your authority to proceed, as he is
chairman of the school committee, but If there
is any doubt about It you will reauthorize him,
with "the fullest power*, to proceed with the
examination Into the proceedings of the School
Department and matters pertaining thereto
that you have under investigation. it Mr.
Irving meets with -any further obstruction he
will make an affidavit setting forth the facts,
and will report to your grand body and your
grand body will at once report to me In open
court. «.«.««»
The matters pertaining to the School De
partment 1 expressly submitted to. you in my
charge, and later In a communication, and I
shall not be patient with any obstruction to
the fullest examination by your grand body or
any authorized member thereof.
1 expressly direct you not to take up any ,
new business whatever, but to devote your |
active time to the School Department matters, i
■ Very respectfully.
EDWARD A. BEI>CHER, Presiding Judge, j
Pursuant to the instructions of Judge
Belcher, Chairman McKee issued the fol
lowing mandate to Charles L.. Barring
ton, president of the Board of Education:
Dec. 3. 1S&£"
Charles L. Barrington Esq.. President Hoard ]
of Education— Sir: The Grand Jury of!
the city and county of San Francisco, now in !
session, is in receipt of a communication from |
F J Gallagher declining to furnish certain j
Information in regard to the financial condition
of the Board of Education to B. C. Irving,
chairman of the Grand Jury committee on the
Hoard of Education, on the ground that the
request did not come from the Grand Jury.
You will hereby take notice that Mr. Irving
has the fullest authority to act for this Grand
Jury in matters portainins to the Board of
Education investigation.
The officers and employes of the Board or
Education are hereby Instructed by resolution
of this Grand Jury to furnish to Mr. Irving
all data and Information requested by him, and
particularly the information requested by him
in his letter of December 1. addressed to E. J.
Gallagher, chairman of the finance committee
of the Board of Education, demand for which la
hereby renewed. Yours truly,
J. I*. JicKhb,
Foreman Grand Jury of the City and County
of San Francisco.
President McKee's letter had. the effect
of bringing about a more apparent feeling
of co-operation on the part of the rampant
Gallagher and Mr. Irving has so far pro
gressed with his investigation that he was
last evening able to report to the jury
that the actual shortage that will face
the new Board of Directors foots up
$271,843 70. ■ .>,.w,:
The investigation of the jury has again
brought into prominence the Noe Valley
School lot deal. No announcement has
ever been made that the lot had been
bought and the matter had dropped out of
mind until Mr. Irving discovered that a
warrant for $12,000, drawn in payment of
the absurd price that was asked for the
property, had reached the Auditor's of
fice. Irving immediately sought Superin
tendent Webster and Deputy Stone, whose
signatures were necessary to make the
■warrant operative, and both of them de
nied having signed it. He has not deter
mined yet whether or not the warrant has
got into the Auditor's hands without be
ing signed, but if it has it is a forgery
upon the word of the two men. whose sig-
' natures it is supposed to bear.-
Just what the teachers will gain by any
suit they may bring against the Directors
to enforce the payment of their November
salaries is not clear -to see. as Professor
Kllpatrick's report shows that up to Oc
tober 31 the department had spent $.".8,000
of the $600,000 that is allowed for the half
years' expenses, leaving a balance on
hand of $42,000 with which to liquidate
two months' salaries and about $80,000 of
euddlv bills.
TO GUARD LIFE AND PROPERTY
Real Estate Owners'. Association Dis
cusses Facilities for Protection
From Fire.
Improved facilities for the protection of
life and property from fire was the sub
ject of discussion before the Real Estate
Owners' Association last evening. The
meeting was one of the results of the
Baldwin fire and E. J. Baldwin was pres
ent to answer the questions of the mem
bers.
Mr. Baldwin-stnfpd that by reason of his
recent experience he was convinced that
this city is far from being adequately pro
tected against great conflagrations. He
thought there should be from four to
Fix additional water towers and expressed
the belief that it these flooding machines
had been available at the Baldwin fire the
greater portion of the building would have
been saved.
In the course of these criticisms of the
Fire Department ho asserted that during
the fire only one stream was played upon
the Mark<-t-street side of the hotel and
that litt'.e benefit was derived therefrom.
The attention of Mr. Baldwin was call
ed to the fact that there was a marked
scarcity of water after the department
had settled flown to hard work and that
additional water towera would have been
of no particular value. He acknowledged
the truth of the proposition and that the
mains of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, even in the most important portions
of the city, were inadequate to supply
water to properly tight a big tire.
The meeting Indorsed bis conclusion and
there was a general discussion of the
bent means to obtain the desired results
As a preliminary step a committee con
sisting of C. S. Young, Dr. C. S. Mann
and J. H. .Speck, was appointed to com
muiilcan- with the proper authorities in
large Eastern and foreign cities for the
purpose >>f learning the most approved
methods employed for the protection of
life and property.
An Important meeting of the association
will be held next Tuesday night at which
the conduct of the Fire Department and
Board of Kducatlon will be investigated
Highbinders Must Pay.
Lieutenant Price has put a stop to the
tree list tit the Chinese theaters which
have recently reopened, and hereafter
highbinders must pay the fiddler or not
dance. Heretofore all the hatchet men
had to do was to present themselves at
the door and they were admitted without
paying, the doorkeepers and managers
Tearing if they refused admittance that
trouble wnu.d result. A large proprotion
of the past murders have occurred in the
theateri ;ind the guilty ones were those
on the free list. Lieutenant Price hopes
In this manner to partially avoid blood
shed. The highbinders have become so
scarce in Chinatown that the special
squad has been relieved from duty during
the early evening, but after 12 o'clock at
night the force Is doubled and a vigilant
watch kept for bad Chinese.
RESIGNED HIS KEY.
Death of James S. McGinnis, the Pop-
ular Telegrapher.
James S. McGinnis, the well-known and
popular telegrapher, died at the residence
of his sister, Mrs. A. Beede, 118 A Noe
street, this city, shortly after noon yester
day, after an illness lasting but five days.
Mr. McGinnis was. at the time of his ill
ness, a trusted employe of the Western
I'nion Telegraph Company at Its main
.office in this city. His health was appar
ently the best up to last Wednesday after
noon, when he complained of a slight in
disposition and later was compelled to go
home. Shortly after reaching home he
was seized with a violent hemorrhage,
from which he rallied in a measure, but
this was followed by two more hemor
lhnges, the last one of which proved to be
too much of a tax on his strength. Ho
gradually sank until yesterday noon,
whi-ii death released htm from his suffer-
ing.
Mr. McGinnis was well known through
out the United States as an expert tele
grapher. ;ih wt'll as a genial and popular
member of the craft. He has worked at
his profession In Chicago and New York,
as well as in San Francisco and other
principal cities.
He occupied the position of night chief
operator for the Postal Telegraph Com
pany when that company opened its office
in this city. The funeral services will be
held at St. Dominic's Church at 10 a. m.,
Wednesday. Interment at Holy Cross
cemetery.
DOG POISONERS
AGAIN AT WORK
CHAMPION DICK SWIVELER THE
LATEST VICTIM.
Two Valuable Canines Are Already-
Dead and Another Is
Dying.
Dog poisoners are abroad again and
owners of valuable canines are warned to
be on their guard to preserve the lives of
their pets. Within the past week at least
three dogs of more than ordinary worth
have been sacrificed to gratify some mis
creant or miscreants who seem to take
delight in assassinating dumb brutes. Two
are dead and the third is In a dying con
dition.
Dick Swiveler, the Elcho kennel's cham
pion Irish setter and the winner of innu
merable prizes, a dog valued at $2500, is
i the latest victim of the poisoner. Dick
Swiveler came from a family of prize
winners and had a pedigree as long as
the Prince of Wales. He died yesterday
from the effects of poison administered
by some person whose identity is not
known, fortunately for him. Three days
ago a valuable collie, belonging to a Span
iard living in the rear of 1!22 Post street,
died of arsenical poisoning, and next door
a shepherd and spitz is slowly dying of
poison. The latter is owned by L,'. Bara
das. Three months ago Mr. B&radas lost
a brother to the dug. The brute was given
I a fried sponge filled with powdered glass
d died in great agony.
This neighborhood seems to be a favor
• Held for the dog poisoning wretch.
Two weeks ago Lion, the magnificent St.
Bernard belonging to Charles Newman,
proprietor of the Richelieu, who lives at
424 Post street, was poisoned and only
prompt and intelligent efforts saved his
life.
While no direct accusations are made
It is believed the scoundrel who is appar-
By seeking to wipe out the canine pop
ion i.f the neighborhood is a neigh
and a detective may be employed to
te the guilty party. Should the" effort
be successful the culprit, whether man or
woman, will be given the full benefit of
the law.
L«dl»s' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloak*.
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sinter St., r. 8 tnd 7.
Barbers Wish Regulation.
The Barbers' Association of the Pacific
Coast at its regular meeting at Turk
stroot Hall appointed delegates to affiliate
with the Lnbor Council. A committee was
appointed by the organization to formu
late a bill for an act to regulate the prac
tice of barber work, the license of persons
to carry on such business, and to insure
the better, education of such practitioners
in the State of California, and further its
passage by all honorable means. Repre
sentatives of dinerent unions epoke
strongly in favor of Its passage.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Dec f>— Schr Cor
inthian, for San Francisco.
ALBlON— Sailed Dec 5— Stmr Aloha, for San
Francisco.
"GIGGLES" PLAY HAVOC
WITH ALCAZAR STARS
Why Miss Gretchen Lyons Received
"Two Weeks' Notice" and Ernest
Hastings Resigned.
THERE is soon to be a new leading lady at the Alcazar; also a new
leading man.
Miss Gretchen Lyons received a mean, hateful note from the "front
of the house" Sunday night, giving her the customary two weeks' no
tice that her services would be dispensed with after that date. Yesterday
the "front of the house" received a curt note from Mr. Ernest Hastings,
stating that he would sever his connection with the theater in two weeks!
And thereby hangs a tale; a tale of midnight suppers and midday ex
cursions to the park and Cliff and other haunts of pleasure seekers; of de
layed rehearsals, half memorized lines, an angry management, complain
ing patrons and— a chronic case of stage giggles, whatever that may be.
Such in brief is the condition of affairs. Miss Lyons delighted Alca
zar audiences for many weeks with her charming acting and her even
more charming personal attractions. Then that attack of "stage giggles"
came on and the audiences grew tired. At least that's what Mr. Charles
Bryant says, and he, being the stage manager, surely ought to know.
It seems that these "giggles" wore most pronounced when Mr. Hastings
strode on r. v. c., dashed through the window 1. or crawled from behind
the portieres c. c. Whenever the two occupied the stage those giggles were
sure to come on. and the audience, not understanding, registered "kicks"
innumerable at the box office. Then, too, there was the trouble at rehear
sals, with the two leading people coming in half or an hour late, or. may
be, overlooking the little business arrangement altogether. At first ex
cuses and apologies were accepted, but after a time the infractions be
came so frequent it was deemed necessary to administer rather pointed re
bukes, for such constant slighting of rehearsals and studying of parts
could only result In awkward breaks on the stage that necessitated quick
witted "faking" on the part of the two delinquents to fill In the gaps. This
would not have been so bad had It not been that this "faking" degener
ated into "joshing." pure and simple, in which the audience was quite apt
to be made the butt of the merry jeßters, and Invariably brought on an
attack of "giggles."
The climax was reached Sunday, when Miss Lyons was fined $25 for
being late at rehearsal and not having become letter perfect in her part in
"The Private Secretary." Miss f.yons "kicked" in the only way a lalv
can kick, of course. She thought it was too mean for anything to fine her
and she Just wouldn't pay i:, po there! That kick is what brought forth
the note from the manager's office, and now that it is too late she's sorry
she kicked.
When Mr. Hastings heard of Miss Lyons' dismissal, which he did as
soon as the lady had an opportunity to impart the information, great
was his wrath, which grew with each succeeding hour until it broke forth
yesterday in his note of resignation.
Miss Lyons was about to go on the stage last evening when she was
asked if it were true she was soon to terminate her engagement at the
Alcazar.
"I have been thinking about it," she naively replied, "but it Is not defi
nitely decided yet. I shall make up my mind in a day or two an I will let
you know."
Pretty, ingenuous Gretchen. Andat that moment, probably. Manager
Thall's note was lying on her dressing table. But Miss Lyons is an act
ress, you know.
"Yes, it is true I have resigned," said Mr. Hastings five minutes later.
"I don't care to go into Retails, but it is Just a little disagreement behind
stage. My relations with the front of the house are, and have been, most
harmonious. I Bhall finish my two weeks here and then go East."
Possibly Miss Lyons will also go East and Join her husband, Lucius
Henderson, who is a member of a Milwaukee stock company.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
OPENED THE
BIG BAZAAR
WITH MUSIC
The Pavilion Greets
the Charitable.
BOOTHS READY FOR BUSINESS
ARTISTIC AND USEFUL ARTI
CLES OFFERED FOR SALE.
Afternoon Is Given Over to Hundreds
of School Children, Who Are
Guests of the Man
agement.
The Charity Bazaar and grand musical
contest for the benefit of the charitable
Institutions and orphan asylums of San
Francisco was formally opened in Me
chanics' Pavilion last night with a musi-
cal programme of unusual excellence.
While the attendance was not as large as
was anticipated the managers are by no
means discouraged, as they are confident
that as the full scope of the fair and its
purposes, together with the many attrac
tive features it contains, becomes more
fully known, the public will respond in a
manner to Insure the success of the pro
ject. As the bazaar will be open until the
first of the new year there will be plenty
of time for the public to become familiar
with the advantages it offers for an even
ing's entertainement and to aid in pro
moting a worthy cause.
The five hundred people who visited the
Pavilion last evening were more than re
paid for their trouble, aside from the con
cert. The entire main floor space is oc
cupied by booths, all of which, with but
few exceptions, are open and doing busi
ness, alia in which anything from a pin
cushion to a piano or a four-horse coach
may be purchased. During the day a
number of exhibits which were among the
features of the Oakland exhibition, just
closed, were placed In position, and more
of the same kind will follow. The booths
are prettily decorated and the exhibits
arranged, in an attractive and artistic
manner.
The feature of last night's concert was
a piano solo by Mrs. Noah Brandt, wife of
the leader of the orchestra. Mrs. Brandt is
an accomplished artiste, and while her
talent has long been recognized by her
friends and in amateur circles this was
her first public appearance. She scored
a decided hit and was enthusiastically en
cored.
Mist> Nina Ch. de St. Hubert directed
the orchestra in the rendition of a patri
otic march, "Greater America," composed
by herself, and wielded the baton with a
skill that called forth enthusiastic ap
plause from the audience.
In the afternoon the Pavilion swarmed
with children from the public schools,
who were present on the invitation of the
management. The little ones enjoyed
themselves thoroughly, and it is proposed
to throw open the doors of the bazaar
every afternoon to the young folks from
the various schools, orphan asylums and
other institutions of a like character. A
free Punch and Judy show will also be
given dally for their benefit in the bal
cony at 4 "p. m. Brandt's orchestra will
also give a concert every afternoon as
well as in the evening.
The management announces that a
large number of donations have already
been received to be sold for the benefit of
tho charity fund, and more are coming
da!ly.
One hundred and sixty exhibitors oc
cupy Space on the floors of the Pavilion,
and* as the amount received from thorn for
rents, as well as a commission on all sales
and half the gate receipts, go to the char
ity fund, it Is evident that there is little
chance for the bazaar to prove anything
hut a success..
The programme for to-night Is as fol
lows:
Afternoon — March, "Inauguration" (Victor
Herbert): overture, "Crown of Diamonds" (Au
ber): waltz. "Dolores" (Waldteufel): selection,
"Wizard of tho Nile" (Victor Herbert); ga
votte, "Simplicity" (Tobanl): march, "Ad
miral Dewey" (E. C. Cary) ; overture, "Mar
tha" (FLotow); selection, "The Gondoliers'"
(Sullivan); waltz song, "II Baccio" (Ardlti);
"The Toreador" (Lamotte): new song, "My
Honolulu Lady" (Lee Johnson); galop, "Sans
Paeon" (Metra).
Night— March, "Tannhauser" (Wagner);
overture, "Bandltendstrelche" (Suppe); selec
tion from "Patience" (Sullivan): waltz,
"Military" (Waldteufel); "Echoes From the
Alps" (Lahitsky); new song, "My Honolulu
Lady" (Lee Johnson): march. '"Charge of the
Light Brigade" (E. T. Paull): cornet solo,
"Serenade" (Schubert). John Uromberger; se
lection. "Serenade" (Victor Herbert); waltz,
"Tre Joli" (Waldteufel); march. "The Gladi
ator" (Sousa); galop, "Magnetic" (Rosetter).
TWO COUPLES SPLICEP AT SEA.
Father and Daughter Ta*_e Respec
tively Wire and Husband.
Two couples- with love in their hearts
and a profound intention to abide by the
regulations of matrimony sought the as
sistance of Captain Wilson of the launch
Amy last Thursday. The kind and gra
cious captain steamed out to sea, and
after tying the knots and dissipating tem
porarily their earthly tribulations,
steamed back again and set them on terra
firma at the foot of Folsom street. It is
known that all four were from San Jose,
and to make the circumstances a little
more romantic, one of the girls who took
unto herself a protector was the daughter
of the man who played the principal part
in the other ceremony, and who by this
operation secured for the aforesaid young
bride another mother. The girl's name is
Mis.-. Hilton, and the name she bears to
day is Swett It is said that young Swett's
parents objected to his marriage with
Miso Hilton, and he took this means of
eliminating any disagreeable features
which might have happened on shore.
WALKED OFF THE DOCK.
John Fitzgerald Drowned at Spear-
Street Wharf While at Work.
John Fitzgerald, a machinist, walked off
the dock at Spear street la-st evening and
was drowned In the *my before assistance
could reach him. . Captain Henry Peter
son and several others immediately be
gan to drag the bay for the body, but up
to a late hour their efforts had been un
successful.
The accident occurred at the California
drydock, where Fitzgerald was engaged
in repairs on the steamer Morgan City.
Several of the workmen saw Fitzgerald
walk from the dock, but before .they could
reach him he had disappeared from sight.
Fitzgerald was about 22 years old. He
was employed as a machinist by the Rls
don Iron Works, with which company he
learned his trade. He leaves a father,
mother and two sisters.
THEATER AND
THEN SUPPER
Mr. and Mrs. James Cooper
Entertain in Honor of
Their Daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. James Cooper gave a
theater party at the Alcazar last even
ing in honor of their daughter, Miss Ethel
Cooper. The party occupied twenty-four
seats In the orchestra, and after enjoy
ing the play, had an elaborate supper at
the University Club. Those in the party
were: Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, Miss Jose
phine Loughborough, Miss Kate Salis
bury, Miss Margaret Salisbury, Miss Lil
lle Follis, Miss Susie Blanding, Miss Olive
Holbrook, Miss Anna Voorhles, Miss Clara
Hamilton, Harry Holbrook, J. King, Per
cy King, Mr. I'pham, Mr. Knight, A. D.
Keyes. Howard Veeder, Mr. Hamilton,
Clarence Follis, Dr. Gibbons, Mr. and
Mrs. Cooper and Miss Ethel Cooper.
DROWNED AT LANDS END.
Lester Lewis Meets Death While Out
Fishing.
The dead body of Lester Ward Lewis was
found on the rocks at Lands End station
yesterday afternoon by Chris Erlcksen of
the Golden Gate life-saving station. The
young man was drowned last Saturday
while fishing for mussels, and his death
was accidental.
Lewis left his home at 2321 Pine street
last Saturday to go mussel hunting. When
he failed to return Sunday his mother ue
came anxious, and fearing he was
drowned sent friends to look for his body.
Harry Lewis, a brother of the deceased,
and Sergeant H. M. Burke, Company 11
i of the Sixth California Regiment, spent all
! day yesterday in a fruitless search for
i the body. The Coroner was notified of
Lewis' disappearance, and as soon as the
body was recovered word was sent to the
family and the remains were taken to the
home of the bereaved mother.
■Lewis was 1" years of age, and up to
the time of his death was employed as a
clerk for the Union Fish Company. It Is
believed that while fishing for mussels
he slipped on the rocks, and being unable
to swim was drowned.
Beaten by Footpads.
"While Jerry Kivak^nburgh, cook on the
schooner Free Trade, was piloting his
way along on the water front about half
past 11 o'clock last night he was attacked
by two footpads in the vicinity of Main
and Harrison streets. The larger of the
men caught him around the neck while
the other struck him with seme blunt im
plement. The sailor called for help, but
just as he did so a Harrison-street car
came in sight and the footpads, fearing
capture, lied in the darkness. The In
jured man was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and his wounds, which consisted
of several severe cuts and abrasions about
the head, were dressed by Doctors Hill
and Zabala. After Kivakenburgh left the
hospital he gave a description of his a;*
sa Hants to Sergeant Cullom and Detective
Dillon, who believe that the men are the
same ones who have committed several
similar crimes in this city during the past
week or two. One man was tall and his
companion rather short.
Try the "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil and
you will have no further use for others.*
A Boy Wanted.
P. Sloan, an employe of the Rlsdon Iron
Works, residing at 522 Howard street,
notified the police that his little son, aged
10 and one half years, has been missing
from home since Sunday morning. The
boy wore a blue blouse witn white spots,
gray pants and a cap with gold-colored
band. His father has no clew to his
whereabouts.
A MIXING-HOUSE
IN RUINS
111 IIUIIIU
Continued from Pa^e.
lifted and sent in all directions with
other parts of the structure.
Of the bodies of the six men who con
stituted the w. rking force of the plant
scarcely a vestige could be found.
They, too, had shared in the terrible
rending asunder which put everything
connected with the place absolutely be
yond all possible recognition. Stray
remnants of arms and limbs began to
be discovered as soon as search was
made among the ruins. One or two of
the Chinamen were found in a fearfully
mutilated condition and their remains
were placed in rudely constructed cof
fins and turned over to the Coroner.
But of Charles Kennedy, the superin
tendent, almost nothing is left. Por
tions of the remains, recovered later,
show traces of a white skin, and this is
all that could be regained from the
ruins last night, though a renewed
search in daylight may produce more.
This is not the first time the Judson
Powder Works has lost this same plant
through explosion. Early in October
a former structure was destroyed and
two men, James Anderson and Peter
Roche, were killed. Since then the
plant has been rebuilt and was put into
working order about three weeks ago.
It is said that Superintendent Ken
nedy was the only man whom the com
pany could obtain to take charge of the
new works. All others feared to ven
ture upon the hazardous undertaking,
after the long record of fatalities it had
caused.
With the five Chinamen and an as
sistant named Butterworth Kennedy
started to get the plant into running
order again. It was necessary to in
struct the new men in the methods of
handling the explosiY.es, and it was
while engaged in doing this that the
explosion occurred.
Butterworth's escape was almost mi
raculous. A minute or so previous to
the explosion he was in the building
with Kennedy and the five Chinamen.
sharing in the superintendent's in
struction. For some reason or other he
stepped outside and started to cross the
field to another building some distance
away. It was but the question of a
few seconds, and the last moment had
come for those he had just left. He saw
the structure with its inmates go up
into the air, and was forced to dodge
in order to escape the. showering
wreckage.
Charles D. Kennedy, the superintend
ent of the works, was one of the best
known clubmen of Alameda County.
He was a graduate of the State Uni
versity and one of the resident mem
bers of the Athenian Club, having
made its headquarters his home for
some years. His popularity was great,
and no Bohemian or social gathering
was complete without him. He was al
ways regarded as the embodiment of
honor and his death is cause for deep
sorrow to hundreds of his acquaint
ances.
Kennedy was an expert and thor
oughly understood every branch of his
business. His duty was to exercise
general supervision over the whole of
the works, and it was because of a dif
ficulty in securing a competent man for
foreman of the mixing-house that he
has lately undertaken the task himself.
He has been instructing a young man
named Butterworth in the art of mix
ing niter and glycerin for some time
and by the merest chance his pupil was
not in the house when it blew up.
When F. H. Pitman, secretary of the
powder company, congratulated But
terworth on his fortunate escape, the
latter shook his head and replied that
he regretted that he could not have
gone to his death Instead of Kennedy.
Each workingman volunteered words
of keenest regret for their unfortunate
superior. Pitman made this state
ment:
"I know of no one in whose words
and deeds I would place explicit con
fidence to a greater extent than in those
of Kennedy. He was more than the
average man, and we all loved him.
We would have had our works com
pletely destroyed and lost every dollar
on earth if there were such a means
by which fate could have spared him.
His loss is the greatest loss we could
have suffered.
"You may depend on one thing, and
that is that the explosion was not the
result of an accident, for Kennedy was
too careful to allow an accident to oc
cur. Everything was going all right so
far as human ingenuity could direct
it, but something over whin he had
no control must have happened, and
you know the remainder of the story."
Perhaps there is no one upon whom
the blow fell with more force and ac
companying sorrow than Edward G.
Lukens, president of the Judson Pow
der Company. Deceased had been con
nected with the Judson Company as
superintendent of the works ever since
they were opened in 1891.
"Mr. Kennedy was a most efficient
superintendent," said President Lu
kens. "Prior to his superintendency
over these works he held a similar posi
tion at the works of the California Vig
oral Powder Company, at California
City, Marin County, when I was presi
dent of that company. He had been
working around powder ever since 1884.
He never experienced an explosion of
any character in California City, nor
until the explosion last October and
the present one. He was one of the
most careful, efficient and reliable men
in his line on the corst; than him there
were none superior, either personally,
professionally or in any other way.
"Mr. Kennedy was formerly first
lieutenant in the United States rev
enue marine service. He had also
served in the marine service on the
Atlantic coast, and while thus en
gaged his heroism in saving the lives
of passengers on a wreck off the
coast of Massachusetts was rewarded
by a gold medal voted to 'htm by Con
gress. He was a navigating officer at
the time, and during a terrific storm
braved the high sea and went to the
rescue of the drowning people.
"Mr. Kennedy was a single man, a
native of New Bedford, Mass., where
his mother lives. A married sister and
a brother, John C. Kennedy, reside In
Boston, the latter being connected with
Carter, Rice & Co., the big paper firm
of that city. Another brother, Michael
Kennedy, is connected with I. To
briner, the druggist, at Seventh and
Market streets, this city."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOTMACpECUS
A Noted Physician Will Prove
This to Sufferers in San
Francisco Thursday.
The progress of modern medical sci-
ence has led to the discovery of suc-
cessful methods of treatment for most
of those maladies once regarded as
incurable. Asthma has always been
regajded as belonging to this obstinate
class baffling the skill of the greatest
physicians. Thousands of sufferers
know by their own experience that Jlt-
tle, if any, relief, has been afforded
them by the methods heretofore em-
ployed. Dr. Rudolph Schtffmann, the
noted physician, has, after a life-long
study of Asthma and kindred diseases,
discovered a remedy which not only
gives instant relief in the severest
cases of Asthma, Hay Fever and Bron-
chitis, but has actually cured thou-
sands whose cases had been pronounc-
ed incurable. So complete is his con-
fidence in his remedy, that to over-
come the skepticism of the public
growing out of the failure of other
remedies. Dr. Schiffmann requests this
paper to announce that all day Thurs-
day, Dec. Bth, he offers a liberal sample
box of "Schiffmann's Asthma Cure"
free of charge to all persons applying
at Wm. J. Bryan's drug store, 3 New
Montgomery street, under Grand Ho-
tel. He believes that an actual test
will be the most convincing, and in fact
the only, way to overcome the natural
prejudice of thousands of Asthmatics
who have heretofore sought relief in
vain. Persons living out of town will
receive a package free, postpaid, by
writing direct to Dr. R. Schlffmann, 315'
Rosabel St., St. Paul, Minn., before
Dec. 15th, as no free samples can be
obtained after that date. Send simply
your name and address plainly written
on a post card.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers. Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
la Corresponding With Any »f tbt Fsfltwlag Flrmi Plena Mention "Tin Call."
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
fJrtlstlc Furniture and fin Ware Importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WW- SC-OENING.^'Odw^ Bupplted -
BELTING.
I P nFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting
L. r. UEUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST. •
. Telephone Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESM FRANCISCO SEWS COMPAFT,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'BDIEV It CATtfC— Makers and . Dealers In
OKICPI ff JLandaus, Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Buggies." Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San Francisco.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic, Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1517 Market st.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
©OO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS . & CO., 'practical coppersmiths,
Tnfr' s of sheet copper and tubing, improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed.
DENTIST.
DR. CV. RICHARDS, ss E 47 Post Street,
VtL' l/> W« KIVIIAKVJi SE. corner Kearny.
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS.
411-413 California street, rear.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JIS RfiYFS & Cft Shipping Butchers, 104
JA3- BUI CO tt XV,, Clay Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
Oil MA Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
11 1 1 111 \ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
U II 1 1 0 or catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE
w w 739 Market street..
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF. THE
Pennsylvania Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash $400,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $183,500 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 929,600 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 3,499,915 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 69,350 00
Cash in company's office 2,189 20
Cash in banks 1C0, 489 25
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 729 57
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 18,385 S6
Premiums In due course of collection 246,117 16
Total assets $5, 100,256 04
LIABILITIES.
Lossps adjusted and unpaid $54,111 26
Losses In process of adjustment or
tn suspense .*. 139,778 92
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 13,726 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,535,703 73;
reinsurance 50 per cent 767,85187
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,368,-
640 31; reinsurance pro rata 699,852 85
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual flre insurance policies 823,239 42
Commissions and brokerage due and .
to become due 4,000 00
Total liabilities $2,502,360 32
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1,724,124 95
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 42,368 62
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from %
all other sources 160.811 67
Received for rents 2,098 00
Total Income $1,929,405 14
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $897,216 80
Dividends to stockholders 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 404.10130
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131,378 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 46,887 06
All other payments and expendi-
tures 84,142 26
Total expenditures $1,622,725 42
Flre.
Losses Incurred during the year $942,368 98
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $224,993,253 $2,216,195 47
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 191,507.222 2,050,265 04
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 823.094,764 2,904,344 04
R. DALE BENSON. President.
W. GARDNER CROWELL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January. 1898. GEO. W. HUNT.
Commissioner for Caltfomla.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
. SAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE. Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
ou o ero o oo 000000*0000
l w PALACE w|
ZGR AND esmkMi
BAtt . MAHCimCO. 2
T Connected by a covered ; paasaeeway. ■ 2
M 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attachafl. *■
D All Under ■ One Management. Q
0 ■--■'■■ ■ : :--- : NOT! TH« *MoBB:Tj':.:i---;?-/,c!'l'3
B Cnropcan Plan. Bl.oo per day and npwaKl T
W American Plan. s3.oo per day and upwaid «
0 Correspondence Solicited. ' <■
0 JOK* 0. CIUTAntIOX, Mauew. a
SjO oooqoo 000 000 o
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND XIABLKOLD
| x, Special Ist cure* Private. Nervous, and Wood .Die-
eases oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free. ~' Over experience.'
f cnredat Home. Terms reasonable. Hoi:rs9
to3(inl|y ; a3otoB:aoeVgs. Sundays, 10tol2. Consul-
tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Cull.or address
P. ROSCOE MeMl'l/TY, M.D.
fteii Kcarny St., San Francisco, Cal.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters — Dealers
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton St Hedley. Props.. ■
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery De.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for sale at all leading cry-goods store*.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO., Agents.
_^ 801 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS. ■
THE RCDVH 1 DI) Mattress Co., 642 Mission
lIIL DEMImAIUJ st. Telephone Main 1674.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
TfILLAIfILI I C 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and J^argest Stock. :
PIANO and mUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
______
EC HIIHHF^ PRINTER,
• V» IIUUIILOi 611 Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PARTRIDGE 306 Cal1 "
Codes. r'/llv 1 IvIUVIII fornlast^
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., sff£?» 3 S&-.t.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES
Is the Best Coal in . the Market.
Office and Yards— Main Street.
TYPEWRITERS.
g||L All Typewriters Rented.
«&53!3% Few partly used for sale cheap.
*g|gg|ri agents SMITH premier.
J||Sp|f|k L. &M. ALEXANDER.
"«nftJ"*gS no Montgomery street.
~ ~~ WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 928 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. . Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. TeL Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI ITNUV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
» liVnUlttxiU 18-k. Wedding Rlnga. 4 3d st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
xjisTxoisr
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1897, and for the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. ' I
Real estate owned by company $160,000 00 »1
Loans on bonds and mortgages 9,900 00 wi
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 282,264 25 •
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 24,509 75
Cash In company's office..., 4,932 41
Cash in banks 18,485 16
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 200 CO
Interest due and accrued on t bonds
and mortgages .' 97 50
Premiums in due course of collection <6,980 67
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 1,000 00
Cash in hands of managers, San
Francisco 10,772 74
Due from perpetual insurance on
building 74150
Total assets $678,884 93
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $12,857 3$
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 27,057 69
Losses resisted, including expenses. 160 00
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year .or less, $231,032 34;
reinsurance 50 per cent 115,516 17
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $187,163 91;
reinsurance pro rata »8.785 58
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 85,020 33
All other demands against the com-
pany 19.094 64
Total liabilities $308,49177
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $297,712 97
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages 496 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources IJ.IBB 57
Received for rents 2,209 98
Total Income $319,606 33
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (In-
cluding $28,552 49, losses of pre-
vious years) $155.144 58
Dividends to stockholders 18,659 44
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage «1,287 50
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 26,586 60
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 10,158 07
All other payments and expendi-
tures 29,178 67
Total expenditures $306,014 80
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $158,128 71.
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. IPremlums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.. .. $33,046,778 $361.415 05
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 51,650,499 858,324 73
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1897 38.562,938 418.196 15
C. S. HOLLINSHEAD. President.
E. R. DANNELS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1898.
RICHD. H. REILLT, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT:
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Assistant Manager.
< i^^Ni If^Sp^a^oTr^
XBBW in 1 to & daji.^M Whites, unnatural dig.
jff acMantted g charged, or any inflamma-
I*! noi to strteiare. "7 tion. irritation or nlcera-
£-4Pr«TenU eocugioo. tion of muc o v » m"m-
KSITHEEvANS CHEM'Oiiflo. br anes. Non-astringent.
VjßkciNCimTl.O JBHrl Sold b y Drn«riai*,
U.S. x. >ffl| ?r? r lent in plain wrapper,
*-55fci^ gV XX o P rTbo?tTe P .r^.:^
"• v ■ Circular rsnt un ntwiti
COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Telephone South U.
, Dealer and Importer of all brand* at COKBL
Tarda at HOWARD AND beai.b BTB.GUILTY, SAYS
THE PRINCE
OF FORGERS
Karl Becker Gives Up
His Fight.
WILLING TO GO TO PRISON
PLEA FOR A SENTENCE OF
SEVEN YEARS.
The Bankers' Association and Chief
Lees Consent to the Passing
of This Short Sen
tence.
Karl Becker, "the prlnre of forgers."
■will t :. for a term of seven years
a crime of forging a draft for %22.
- ! passing it successfully on the Ne
vada Bank of this city. This cleverest
ro iks" ro.-e before Judge Wallace
rday morning when his name was
. at the opening of his third trial
and brought the proceedings to a sudden
culmination by pleading guilty to the
him. Court frequenters
: at one another In surprise when the
r in a low voice announced that
he had given up his battle for freedom
and was willing to serve a term in the
■tlary for his crime.
• :er*s plea waa the direct result of
let of his associate in crime, James
:an, who at the last minute turned
r and agreed to turn State's cvi
: . '.'s testimony strengthened
tat of Dean and McClUsky, accom-
In the swindle, was without doubt
at to scad the man who did the
\\ ' rk to the penitentiary fur the term
natural life, and with such a fate
g him In the face Becker weakened,
his counsel had effected a com
promise with the prosecution he decided
guilty.
. iof the noted forger was
the records Attorney Peter
inne rose and on behalf of his cl.ent
that the court take into considera
tion the advanced age of the defendant.
npaired physical condition, together
the circumstance that by his plea
lllty he had saved great expense to
Ity and county.
Attorney Ach, special counsel for the
:.. seconded Mr. Dunne's re
aß did also Acting District Attorney
Hinkle. All agreed that a seven years'
c waa sufficient and Judge Wallace
""Very well, gentlemen, I will set
this case for Friday for sentence."
Thf case of James Creegan will be taken
v■ ■ h from Friday, it is thtmcht by
• at that time the prisoner will
reed, while others are of the opinion
c will bo forced to plead guilty nnd
ar of two behind the
■f the penitentiary.
HARBOR VIEW'S GHOST.
A Female Apparition That Weekly
Haunts- the Corner of Baker
and Jefferson Streets.
Harbor View is in the fashion— it has a
ghost. Not one of those make-beliove
kind, in the form of a. -watermelon with
lioles cut for "eyes, nose and mouth, for
the purpose of scaring 1 pedestrians, but
the real thins: that is uncatchable and
appearance weekly, '.The posL
tlreness'of this fact "is attested by a
dozen residents of that section of the city
whose veracity and sobriety have never
teen questioned. The last appearance of
fthe wraith, which, by the way. is in fe
male form, was seen last Friday night
*jnd besides creating a sensation in that
Jiiiiet portion of the city, almost scared
Dave Bonner into hysterics and other
things. --:.- :
A? the clock was striking 9 on that
evening the apparition was espied by
Dave just as he was coming out of the
Coney Island Chowder House,, which is
opposite the Harbor View Gardens. Dave
v.as on his wav home with a can of beer.
As he stepped on the sidewalk he ob
served the fair one standing on the oppo
site- corner garbed in white. He was
6tartled to see a female form at that time
of night and in that neighborhood and he
stepped back into the refreshment place
and called Otto Schwartz and his father,
Charles Schwartz, to the door. They ob
served the woman and then watched the
gallant Dave wend his way toward her
to learn who she was. The apparition evi
dently became frightened, as it moved
along the tall fence with Bonner and his
can in her wake. About seventy-five
yards down the fence the ghost disap
peared as if by magic, and Dave, al
though frightened, had the presence of
mind not to drop the can of foaming
Steam as he rushed back to the saloon.
Aft*>r being relieved of his ague, he told
what had happened. No one accused him
of romancing, as he was corroborated by
the Schwartzs. father and son. Dave
changed his route when he next essayed
his homeward journey.
The residents in the vicinity are on the
lookout for the ghost, but so far it has
not made its reappearance. It is thought.
however, that on Friday night next, the
apparition will again appear.
The Alumni to Entertain.
The Alumni Drill Corps will give an
rtainment, drill and dance at Native
Sons' Hall, 414 Mason street, Friday even
ing. December M. A very attractive and
ting programme has been prepared.
At the conclusion of the entertainment
Drill <"orps. Lieutenant C. F. Seitz
commanding, will give an exhibition of
ri . l seldom seen in this city.
GRAPE-NUTS.
| Well Fed §
{ Well Bred, f
4* you can pick *£»
4? a steady user of &
t Crape=Nuts. f
Proper Food Makes Brainy Men
and Beautiful Women.
To know Just what to eat Is a prob-
lem for many people who find their
strength and health hot keeping up, to
a proper stage. From food we must <
expect our bodily, nourishment and not
from, drugs. True, a - physician's ■ care
is required at times, but the true phy-
sician will always seek to put his pa- j
tient on properly selected food and
drink.
A food expert has discovered Grape-
Nuts by, experimenting on the treat-
ment of grains to artificially pro-digest
the starches (the principal ' part).
Grape-Nuts as now made by, the Pos-
tum Cereal Co., Lim., of Battle Creek,
Mich., and sold by grocers generally,
is a delicious dainty, suitable particu-
larly for the brain worker, as it quick :
ly supplies the parts of food the body
needs to supply the dally loss produced
b_y »>rain work. J
ACRIMONY IN
THE BOARD OF
EDUCATION
Mission High School
Payments.
STILL SOMETHING DUE
AN EXPERT WILL GO OVER THE
BUILDING.
He Is Promised Twenty Dollars, but
He Will Have to Take
Chances of Get
ting It.
It is feared that the members of the
Board of Education do not dwell together
in that spirit of brotherly love recom
mended by the canons of fraternity. The
temperature bobs up nnd little flames
break out here and there in the ranks i
when the discussion ie well under way and J
acrimonious references to pa:U errors '
sometimes come tripping from the tongue. !
There were several small heated spells j
last f vening during a special meeting of :
I the beard to straighten out the Mission i
' High School affairs. Contractor James F. i
; Logan has received his money, $123,908 less
1 $30,977, the tail end of the different pay
i ments yet unpaid. Some changes and al
terations were made during the erection
,of the building. Architect Havens holds I
i that the changes cut down the bill, and |
Contractor Logan adheres to the idea that j
j one change offsets the other in a beautiful
equipoise. He has been paid from time
to time 75 per cent of the value of the
work completed, and at the final comple
tion Of tho work when he was paid the
last installment he claims that such <ay
ment was equivalent to the acceptance of
the building. The board says no, and
the $30,977 due has not been turned over to
Logan.
Architect Havens, who issued the certi
ficate of completion, sides with the con
tractor. He was asked why he issued the
certificate and he pulled the specifications |
on the board and stopped further inquiry. I
Bantel and Head crossed words with
some warm reference to past extrava- '
gances in school furniture and were !
checked by the chairman.
Mr. Burns moved that an expert be em
ployed at $20 to examine the Mission High
School building and report on the altera
tions made and also on the condition of
the structure. Architect Havens objected i
to an expert going over his work, but not- '.
withstanding his tears 8. H. Kent was
appointed. Havens in his report stated
that the heating apparatus was being put
in very unsatisfactorily and that it was
impossible to have Peck, Williams & Co.
comply with their contract.
After a short discussion as to where
the expert would get his $20 with an empty
school treasury the board adjourned with
the question unsolved.
OFFICIAL INQUIRY INTO
THE WALKER EXPLOSION
DAMAGING FACTS BROUGHT
OUT BY THE INSPECTOB-S.
Assistant Engineer Murray Noticed
a Small Leak in the Seam of
the Steam Drum.
Two Important facts were brought out
by Inspectors of Hulls O. F. Bolles and
J. K. Bulger in the official investigation
yesterday into the cause of the explosion
of the California Navigation and Improve
ment Company's steamer T. C. Walker,
which occurred Sunday morning, Novem-
ber 27, near Fourteen-mile Slough. As
sistant Engineer R. J. Murray, who was
in charge of the vessel on the morning of
the explosion, testified that he depended
on his fireman to test the gaugecock and
note the amount of water in the boilers.
Fireman Cassidy testified that the steam
gauge In the fire room indicated ISO
pounds' pressure although the Walker
was registered for 170 pounds. The admis
sion by Engineer Murray that the top
row of tubes in the starboard wing boiler
had been dry heated and burned out und
that a fusible plug in the back of the
boiler had been entirely melted Is not of
much importance unless the inspectors- de
termine whether It occurred before or af
ter the explosion. If before. It would
show that there was little or no water in
the boilers before the disaster.
The first witness on the stand was Hen
ry Potvin, the pilot of the Walker. Be- j
fore he. went on watch he went down in '
the engine room to have a talk with Chief I
Engineer Watson Henry, who was kli i»-«l
In the explosion. He noticed nothing un
usual anU would have seen any new teak
if there bad been any. After leaving Tur- i
ners Landing the steamer backed and
lllled twice, but had not got her usual
rate of speed. He did not hear the safety
valves hinw off. At the last bell the ex- '
plosion came. After ascertaining that the
null of the steamer was all right he pro- i
ceedert to Stockton for assistance, leav
ing the vessel in charge of Captain Schu
ler.
Assistant Engineer Murray was next
sworn. He sain the steam guagp was all :
right at 1, 2 and 3:9) o'clock, though he
did not try the gaugecock, leaving that,
as hn.s been said, to the lireman. Three
inches of water showed In the glass. ;
The engine room steam gauge registt-red '
171 and 172 pounds and the safety valve :
blew off. At seven minutes past 4 the fire
man looked at the feed pump and reduced
Us speed. This would show that there
was plenty of water, but he could not tell
anything about the steam. He had noticed
a small leak in the center of the hori- i
zontal seam on the steam drum, but
thought it trivial. At the end of the week
the water in the boilers would get dirty
and the boilers had lifted the water two ;
or throe times on the morning of the ex- i
plosion. The fireman had charge of the '
boilers and the trying of the water in the :
I pump.
The electrician also attended to the oil- J
I ing, as the engineer had other duties to :
I perform.
At this juncture Inspector Bulger asked :
! this pointed question: "If you had an as
sistant could you pay proper attention to
the boilers'.'"
Murray replied: "Yes; th*>re are times
! when you can't leave the engines and you
I must depend on the flrenv n. '
In Murray's opinion, the fusible plug '
i would never have melted had there been
! enough water in the starboard boiler.
Ex-Chief Engineer Charles Sampson ;
testified that salt water was sometimes
usoo" in the boilers, because the tank* did
not always carry enough fresh water to I
make San Francisco. Although the elec
trician was not a licensed man, he con
.sidered him competent to test the water \
In the gauge*. A pressure of 170 pounds
blew on the safety valve.
Fireman Patrick Casstdy went off watch ;
at midnight, and noticed that the steam
drum leaked in the top of the cylinder
seam. It blew considerably when the
Walker was backing and filling. He did j
not notify Engineer Henry, who was on j
the watch, because he supposed he knew !
all about it. On Saturday night, when the ;
steamer was at Black Diamond landing,
the safety valve blew off at ISO on the \
• ;. ■;ira gauge in the fireroom, although he '
had been told by Sampson to carry 170 at
the utmost. The bout was running two
notches over the usual speed, and h»
thought she was a little behind and that 1
v -is the reason for running so hard.
At this point Assistant Engineer Murray ■
asked Casstdy: "Did you ever know me
t <> ask for excessive suam'."' • *• *
The witness replied no. and also that
he understood from Fireman John Canty
that the latter had been reprimanded for
carrying overpressure.'
The investigation will b<» resumed this
morning, when Fireman Canty will be
placed on the stand. j
THE SAX FB Ay CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER «, 1898.
ONCE MORE MENACED BY FIRE.
n I'NDAY morning It was thought the fire on the big American ship
Shenandoah had been put out for good so the old bark Melrose was
\^J brought around from Howard-street wharf to receive part of the coal
cargo. About noon yesterday the fire broke out again and the Melrose had
to be moved away in a hurry while the fire-tug Governor Irwin took her
place and began to pour water on the flames.
FIRE BREAKS
OUT AGAIN ON
THE SHENANDOAH
A Fire-Boat Resumes
Work on Her.
HE TRIED THE GAS ROUTE
W. C. BUCKELEW ALMOST AS
PHYXIATES HIMSELF.
Apprentice Boys to Be Entertained
by the Young Men's
Christian Asso
ciation.
The cargo of the American ship Shenan
doah caught fire again yesterday. The
half dismantled Mclrose was alongside
taking in ooal as quickly as It could be
hotsted out of the ship, and two donkey
engines were dumping it into hoppers on
the wharf when the second alarm was
given. The tug Governor lrwin was again
called into service, and as soon as the
Mclrose was got out of the way" she
poured two streams of water into the
Shenandoah's hold. _ The fire was in the
fame place as the one that was put out
on Sunday morning, and for a time it
raged furiously-, driving the longshoremen
on deck. During the entire afternoon the
Irwin poured water Into the hold of the
Mg ship and then lav alongside of her all
night for fear the fire might break out
again. The danger is considered over.
W. C. Buckelew was treated at the Har
bor Receiving Hos- tal yseteruay for gas
asphyxiation. He is a well-known rent
and debt collector, with an office at room
6, 508 Montgomery street. He lived at
room 26. 131 Montgomery . Yesterday
morning he was found in his room with
the gas turned on. A piece of tubing was
lying beside him, and the supposition Is
that he had fastened one end of it to the
gas jet and put the other in ni«< mouth.
About a year ago Buckelew's wife
brought divorce proceedings against him,
but he filed a counter comnlaint and se
cured the decree. Shortly afterward his
wife died, and since then he has been de
spondent. During xhf last week he has
been drinking considerably, and in his
lucid intervals used to hold extended con
versations with the spirit of Mrs. Bucke
lcw. It is thoueht that his mind was un
balanced when he tried to take his life.
The apprentice boys and sailor lads
from all the ship? In port are to be enter
tained at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation to-night. An "at home" will be
given and singing and recitations will ho
the order of the evcnln~ Before going
back to their ships the boys will be treat
ed to a substantial supper.
Reinsurance on overdue vessels 1b as
follows: Laurolbank, 9." days out from
Shanghai for Astoria, 01 per cent; Valky
rian, 117 days from Newcastle, Australia,
for Tquique, !Kt per cent; Jules Verne. 74
days from NewcaL lc. Australia, for San
FYancisco, and Caradoc, 61 days from
Hlogo for Tncnma, 10 per cent, and St.
John. 207 days from Philadelphia for Hi
ogo. 30 per cent.
Governor-elect Gage paid a visit to the
Potrero and Butchertown yesterday. He
was driven ovor the groun~ by Charles
Pratt of the Pacific Steam Whaling Com
pany, and received a most enthusiastic
welcome. Mr. Gage went nmong the peo
ple and thanked the men for their votes.
When he started for the city he was
cheered to the echo.
JOINED THE LABOR COUNCIL.
Paper-Hangers' Union Goes In for
the Strengthening of the Cen
tral Body.
At a meeting of the Paporhangers"
: T'nlon last night officers were elected for
i the ensuing year, and a delegate was also
■ chosen to represent the union in the San
Francisco Labor Council. This is In ac
cordance with the vredlction recently
! made In The Call that unions of the
building trades are about to unite with
the Labor Council and make the strong
est central trades body the city has had
since the old Council of Federated Trades
went to pieces some years ago.
The officers elected are as follows: C.
W. Doyle, president; A. W. Turner, vice
president; Alan Pike, recording secretary;
William McNultv, nnunual secretary: A.
i Fanning, treasurer. Delegates to Build
ing Trades Council, W. Doyle, A. Coburn.
J. W. Rose. Delegate to Labor Council,
Carpenters' Union No. <S3 will hold its
I semi-annual meeting next Monday even-
Ing. Reports will be received from retiring
officers and new officers will be elected.
There is a strong sentiment favorable to
ward sending representatives to the Labor
Council and it is safe to predict that this
will be done.
Dropped His B«volver.
Borne little excitement was occasioned
last night about midnight at the earner
of Butter and Kcnrny streets when a
man ran to board a car and a revolver
fell from his pocket and striking the
pavement was discharged. Detective Pe
ters wa son the car and he immediately
trrs was on the car and be Immediately
name could not t>e learned, produced a
permit showing that H" had a right to
carry the weapon and he was immediate
ly released. The incident was purely an
accident. i>m it caused a lively time for a
short while and quite a crowd gathered.
The man who makes the most dollars
usually makes the fewest friends.
McGLADE AN
INMATE OF THE
CITY PRISON
Absconding Official
Brought Back.
MAINTAINS STRICT SILENCE.
HIS BONDS FIXED AT TEN THOU
SAND DOLLABS.
Unless More Charges Are Preferred
Against Him He Expects
to Be Released
To-Day.
Accompanied by Sheriff Phillips and De
tectives Charles Cody and Tom Gibson,
Peter McGlade, the defaulting cashier
of the Superintendent of Street's office,
arrived here last night from Peming,
N. M. After embarking from the Oakland
boat the party entered a carriage and was
driven to police headquarters.
McGlade did not appear to be worried,
although he announced that he was fa
tigued on account of the lbng trip. After
a few minutes' conversation with Chief
Lees McGlade asked that he be allowed
to get something to eat, as he was hun
gry. Chief Lees had no objections and
the party went to a neighboring restau
rant and had supper.
The news that the defaulting cashier
had been brought back traveled with as
tonishing rapidity and in a brief space of
time the restaurant was besieged with
friends of the accused man. They advised
him not to speak about the case, and as
sured him that he would not have to suf
fer the consequences of his crime. After
partaking of a hearty meal McGlade was
taken to the City Prison, where he was
formally charged with forgery.
Deputy' Sheriff Fitzgerald, who went to
Port Costa to meet McGlade, remained
with him in the prison for several hours.
McGladc's brother aiso had a long con
versation with him.
The disgraced official refuses to say any
thing for publication.
"I have nothing to tell you," he re
marked to the reporters, who were wait
ing to interview him. "My attorney will
be here to-morrow, and not until then will
l speak of the charges that have been pre
ferred against me.
I «i M - c i? Ia ?. c ' s bonds have been fixed at
I HO,OOO. I lUess additional charges are re
corded against him he expects to be able
tm fin 1 the , neoe ,f, s ary bonds to-day. Sheriff
Phillips, in telling how he arrested Mc-
Glade, said that he had received a dis
patch from the police of this city, giving
a good description of MrOiade and ask
ing that he be arrested if seen. Phillips,
immediately after the receipt of the dis
patch, went to the railroad depot. Intend
ing to search the incoming trains for the
fugitive Just as he reached the depot the
train, which had arrived a few minutes
before, was about to pull out.
The Sheriff jumped on the platform of
one of the rear cars, intending to ask the
conductor if McGlade was aboard the
train. Just then he saw a man answer
ing the description of McGlade emeree
from behind the railroad building anJ
quickly enter one of the cars. Convinced
that he was the absconding cashier the
Sheriff accosted him and asked him If , c
was not W. P. Russell, the name under
which he was traveling.
"1 guess it is all up," he nervously re
marked. "That Is the name that I have
assumed."
"I'm the Sheriff of the county." replied
Phillips, showing his badge of office; "you
are badly wanted in San Francisco."
"Then I'm your prisoner, " remarked Mc-
Olade, grasping the extended hand of the
Sheriff.
McGlade was then escorted from the
train and taken to prison. He announced
his intention of coming back without
making any light. Phillips speaks of Mc-
Glade In the highest terms.
"He Is a perfect gentlfman." he de
clared; "I'm sorny that he is mixed up in
such an affair."
At Port Costa Phillips and the prisoner
were met by Detectives Cody and Gib
son. He cordially greeted them, but re
frained from discussing the case. It is
likely that several more charges of forg
ery will be preferred against him to-day
SHOULD ARRIVE TO-DAY.
First Detachment of the New York
Regiment Expected on the
Australia.
The first detachment of the New York
regiment Is expected to arrive here this
afternoon on the steamer Australia from
Honolulu. The men will go immediately
into camp at the Presidio, pending their
transportation to the East. They will en
ramp on the site formerly occupied by the
Tennessee regiment. Major Thompson of
the quartermaster's department has made
every arrangement for the comfort and
convenience of the solders. Conical tents
with wooden floors were erected yeterdav
ami the hospital facilities have been
looked after. The two other detachments
•■ of the regiment should arrive here next
| week. It is the Intention of Mnjor Gen
i eral Merriam to get the New York regi
1 ment home by Christmas.
Over a High Bank.
Mrs. Gaylard of 2200 Powell street fell
over a bank twenty feet high on Hyde
street, between Francisco and Bay, last
night. Her skull was badly fractured and
she will probably die. She Is 53 years old.
TWO-YEAR
OLDS IN A
GREAT FINISH
Limewater and Los
Medanos Beaten by
Obsidian.
DUE TO THORPE'S GREAT RIDE
MAY W PLAYED WITH HER
FIELD.
Topmast a Wonderful Stretch Run
ner — Toribio Beaten by Novia.
A Day of Surprises
All Around.
The desperate three-head finish between
Obsidian, Limewater and Los Medanos in
the six and a half furlong run for two
year-olds was easily the feature of the
racing at Oakland yesterday. The victory
of Obsidian can be ascribed to Charley
Thorpe, whose superb exhibition of saddle
work gained for him an ovation from the
grand stand. The betting was all in favor
of Piggott's mount, Limewater, which
ruled a 6 to 5 favorite. At one time 5 to 2
was chalked against Los Medanos, but it
was early rubbed to 9 to 5. Plenty of Vh
to 1 was obtainable about the ultimate
winner. The first part of the running was
simply a two-horse affair between Log
Medanos and Limewater, both colts mov
ing along well under restraint. Less than
a furlong from the wire Thorpe made his
move with Obsidian, and soon had both
Piggott and Spencer hard at work. In an
eye-opening and hair-raising drive Obsid
ian got the verdict by a head, with Lime
water second, the same distance in front
of the Baldwin entry. It was one of the
season's prettiest bits of racing, both
from a spectacular as well as a time
standpoint, the winner covering the dis
tance in I:2OVi.
Surprises w^re numerous during the
afternoon, May W and Topmast proving
the only successful choices. Both in
their way are wonders.
In her present form May W looks un
beatable. The Calgary "phenom" picked
up 109 pounds and tripped off seven fur
longs in l:26Vi with such consummate
ease as to convey the impression that
she can fracture the coast record almost
any time. She closed a 1 to 2 favorite in
the betting and won hands down from
Rosinante and San Venado.
The particularly strong forte of Top
mast is stretch running, and his equal
has rarely been seen in these parts. The
Eastern horse, with Spencer on his back,
was an even money favorite for the mile
and a sixteenth selling event. At the
head of the stretch he was last, apparent
ly hopelessly out of it. There Spencer
shook him up, and, gradually wading
through his field, the Topgallant horse
beat the long shot Dr. Bernays a head.
Myth, a 40 to 1 chance, was a close up
third.
Billy Randall's Montana-bred geWinp,
Silver Beaux, took the opening scramble
for two-year-olds like breaking sticks.
Going to the post second choice, he was
away first, and the field was never able
to get to him. Peter Weber gut the
place handily from the favorite, Miss
Reel.
Toribio wns plunged on to win the sell
ing event at six furlongs, being backed
down to 4 to 5. He was outfooted all the
way by Novia, against which 3 to
1 was laid. Ruskin ran an improved race,
finishing third.
The good money was all bet on Pat
MorriFsey to win the final selling sprint
over the Futurity course. Frank McMa
hon's handy sprinter was slow to get away
from the post, and, despite Freeman's
hard riding, finished third behind Sport
McAllister and Good Hope. The winner,
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK, Monday, Dec. 5, 1898.— Nineteenth day
of the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
J. A. MURPHY, Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON. Starter.
Ork^T FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
280 Silver Beaux 100 2 ... 11 13 ... 14 Bullman |11-5 5-2
302 Peter Weber 103 5 ... 5 2 4 2 ... 2 3 Devin 7-2 9-2
1% Miss Reel 103 3 ... 2-1 2 2 ... 3 2 H. Martin 5-2 2
2SO Stromo 9. r > 4 ... 3h 5 2 ... 4 1 Woods 12 12
289 Dunpralse 101i8 ... 8 4 6 2 ... 5 4 Everson 60 50
296 Raclvan 9P 6 ... 6 1 8 2 ... 6 2 jj. Ward 8 10
2r,:> Alhaja 103 1 9 ... 7 1 7 4 ••• 7 3 I. Powell 3 5
254 Fermo Mil ... 11 9 3 ... 8 1 Mead 60 100
2SO Abano 95] 1 ... 4 4 3h ... 9 3 IHouck 30 40
HO Rear Admiral 103' 7 ... 10 10 10 2 ... 10 3 jTurner 10 15
... How of Torn lot io_ .._. 6 h 11 11 | A ryes 12 25
Time. 1:6H4. Winner. W. P. Randall's b.g. by Montana-Belle of Butte. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.
The winner made a gallop of it. Miss Reel was backed on the strength of her fast
work. Stromo finished strong and shnuld have been third. Dunpralse was away badly.
He Is Improving fast. Not much doing with A'haja.
ian
1
artin
Is
ton
ard
well
k
?r
5-2
9-2
2
12
50
10
5
100
40
15
25
...-I
OfkO SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse.
m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
301 Novla 1'
2Gfi Torlblo V
300 Ruskin 1'
2M Beau Monde X
273 Don Luis 1<
286 Majesty I 1
297 None Such 1'
299 Ba 1 tVCTBO 1
301 Novla 104 5 ... 11 12 14 13 IPowell 5-2 3
2GB Torlblo 107 6 ... 31 21 22 23 Speite«t 6-5 4-5
300 Ruskin 107 4 ... 4 1 4 3 3 4 3 14 ißutter 2 7
299 Beau Monde 107 1 2 ... 2h 3h 44 44 Woods 10 30
273 Don Luis 108] 8 ... 62 51 53 51 Turnc-r 4 7
2S« Maiostv 104 3 ... 5h 62 6h 64 Mead 50 200
297 None Such 104 1 ... 7 4 8 7 2 710 Bullman 20 60
299 Bali verso 110 7 ... 8 7 2 & 8 1 Flint 15 60
Time, 1:144. Winner, C. S. Cunningham'* b. f. by imp. Islington-Hlleen. Good start.
Won cleverly. "Second and third driving.
Novla was allowed to cut out her own pace. Torlhio was rated. This Is not his long
suit Ruskin was backed to show. Don Luis is a "guess me" horse.
5
6
I
7
11
3 1
4 1
2 h
6 2
5 h
5*
.8 ■
1 2
2 1
4 3
3 h
5 1
6 2
8
7 3
1 4
2 2
3 4
4 4
5 3
6 h
7 2
- 8- --
1 3
2 3
3 14
4 4
5 1.
6%
7 10
8 ..
1 'owe 1 1
■Spencer
Rutter
[Woods
iTurnor
|Mead
Bullman
Flint
n/\Q THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
i.m.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Obsidian UT 3
Limewater 112; 2
Los Mpdanos 112 i 1
Martello IO?J 4
4
2 14
1 h
3 4
3 4
2 1
1 4
3 4
2 3
1 11
4
3 10
24
1 h
4
1 ns
2 h
3 10
4
r .......
3 5-2
6-5 6-5
2 9-5
100 200
Time 1:204. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. c. by Imp. Stromboli-Clara tt. Good
start Won first three driving.
Thorpe's finish won the race. Martello Is a rare good maiden.
310.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
4m.
C9B) Mar W 4 109)4 114 114 124 IB 124 ißullman 4-5 1-2
298 Rosinante, 4 M 4 1 3 4 2 h 5 5 4 2 2 4 ijones 2 6
(2!tP) San Venado. 3 107 j S 2h 2 4 32 32 34 'Spencer 5 5
("-.7) Mistral 11. 4 112, 3 .0 S h 4h 54 45 iPiggott 6, 10
(19) Obfulatlon. 3 10?; 6 41 42 21 2h 62 IHennessy 20 30
277 Storm King, 4 109| 2 _ 5h __ 6 _ __6 6 6_ _ ]Flint 10 50
Time r o 6'i Winner. D. Cameron's b. m. by Eagle Plume-Frolla. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.
The winner is a speed marvel. Rostnante was cut off on far turn. Osculation will win
in poorer company. | ,
(298)
298
(MS)
■ W, 4 109j 4
name, 4 I°4 1
Venado. 3 107j 5
:ral 11. 4 112 3
ilatlon. 3 10? 6
m King, 4 109,' 2
1 14
3 4
2 h
G
"4 1
5 h
IP
2h . .
2 V a
5 h
4 2
. 6_
1 24
5 5
3 2
4 h
3 1
6
1 5
4 2
3 2
5 4
2h
6
1 24
2 4
3 4.
4 5
5 2
6^
311.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
purse, $100.
foOtS. Horse. Age. Weight.
. Std.
»;m.
Hm.
Str. Fin.
301 Topmast. 6 U0; 6 ... 5 1 6 1 7 5 2 14 Spencer 7-5 1
293 Dr nernavs. 3 95 2 ... 4 4 4 4 414 4 4 214 'Gray 8 30
003 Myth 4 ' ins: 1 ... 3 1 3 3 3 4 3 2 3h 'Turner 12 30
?4 OurCllrr.ate.fi MM 4 ... 214 2 3 214 2 4 4 4 jßutter 10 25
(»<!«) Frohman, I « s 3 ... 64 «4 64 610 52 j.T. Daly 5-2 4
<2«3) Red Glenn, n 104 1 7 ... 7 617 620 IRullman 4 6
2SS Highland Hall, 3... 1'm 1 3 ... lh lh lh In 7 I'UtkoU 6 15
304 Greyhur*t,_4 W4j * |H. Martin 8 20
•Left.
Time 147"i. Winner. <""amithers & Shields' eh. g. by Imp. Topgallant-Essay. Good start
except GrtJ-hurtt. Won flr.=t three rlrivlns.
Topmast made a phenomenal run through the siretch. The doctor's new mlxturs
worked well. His race was a splendid improvement. Myth is also beginning to favor the
climate here. Frohmnn got a Jolly ride. Red Glenn was badly bumped at the start.
' 6..-'... .
j ■ 2 "'" •••'■.':
: 1
1 *
0
3 '.'.'.
1 * ■■■... '
5 1
4 4
3 1
2 14
6 4
i h
6 1 7 5 2 ittH
4 4 414 4 4 214 '<
53343 2 3 h '
2 3 214 2 4 4 4 jl
8 4 64" 610 5 2 !."
7 6 1 7 6 20 !1
lh 1 h 1 h 7 |]
a
— 1
er
ly
ian
tt
trtin
312.
SIXTH K.VE-Futurlty course (170 feet less than six furlongs); selling; all ages;
purse, $o">0.
Index. Hon=e. Ace. Weight. jSt. %m. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
(303) Sport McAllister, 6.112] 1 ... 4 1 3 1 3>4 1 4 'Spencer 7-2 6
SO] Good Hope. 1 107] 4 ... 2 1 1 h 1 4 2 14 iWard 3 S
2SS Pat Morrlssey. 4 — 1141 5 ... 5 1 4 1 4 3 3 h iFreeman 2 2
242 Chihuahua, 3 UOj I ... 14 . 2 3 2 I>4 4f> iPlggntt 5-2 2
2PG Faversham, 2 lfUj « ... 6 5 2 6 2 514 ! Bull man 15 10
... BtH Howard, a 114 3 ... 3 4 6 6 6 [WUaon 15 20
Time. 1:104. Winner, J. H. Tarn's eh. h. by Imp. Friar Tuck-Twilight. Good start. Won
first three driving.
Good riding won for Sport. Pat Morrlssey was glow to get away. The stable was
■weet on him. Chihuahua was told to bring home some coin. Good Hope killed him oft.
Index. Rone. Ace. Weight
Hm.
Hm..- • %m.
Str.
Fin.
Sport McAllister, was handled to perfec
tion by Spencer, and was as good as 7 to 1
In the ring.
Track Notes.
Bob Smith, the well-known veteran of
the saddle, arrived from Montana yester
day. He brought no horses with him.
Frank Ireland and Willie Applegate are
here again. Applegate is an extensive
speculator and booked at both Ingleside
and Oakland last season.
Spencer piloted two winners yesterday.
His handling of Sport McAllister was a
catchy piece of riding.
When Burns & Waterhouse paid i 2500 for
Obsidian it looked as if they had pur
chased a gold brick for some time. The
son of Stromboli is now picking up, and
gives promise of becoming a crack three
year-old.
A morning contemporary makes a great
deal of bluster over what it terms a "turf
scandal" In connection with the suspen
sion of Jockey Ben Gouin. Where the
big turf expose comes In is not quite plain.
On November 28 May W started in a race
tor the first time here this season, and ran
unplaced. Her odds were 6 to 1, and the
stable claimed to have backed her. On
December 2 she started again and won all
the way. On this occasion the Calgary
wonder was again played. The first time
out Gouin had the mount. In her winning
race she was ridden by Bullman. After
her win on December 2 Gouin was sus
pended, owing to the mare's greatly Im
proved showing, and Owner Camertm ac
cused the rider of pulling the mare the
first time out, at the same time naming
Phil Achibald as the bookmaker who lat<i
against her. Gouin claims he did not pull
the mare. Yesterday Phil Archibald ten
dered his sheets on both races to the
Judges for Inspection, and they showed
nothing out of the usual. Gouin may or
may not have pulled the mare, but he is
certainly entitled to as much considera
tion as any other rider as long as the
proof is lacking. If he is ruled off, then
half a dozen other owners and riders
should go with him. Trie form book cites
numerous instances of where horses made
no showing whatever the first time but,
but won hands down the next time start
ed. Gouin makes a living on the turf, and
until the "big expose" is published show
ing him guilty his side of the story should
be given as much credence as the own
er's.
George Rose Is reported away on a
hunting trip, and his book was missed
from the line yesterday.
Riley Grannan did not cut In, either,
preferring to have a try at the game from
the ground.
Sixteen pencilers handled the money.
To-Day's Entries.
First Race — Four and a half furlongs; two
year-old fillies; maidens.
... Wood Robin 103 272 I>on"t Tell 100
... Limatus ior 184 Engea 100
287 Elizabeth R 100, ... Cozenza W,
280 Fuga 100 280 Santa Flora 100
Second Race— Futurity course; three-year
olds: selling.
295 Santa Lucia 1071 ... Morana 112
270 Pelxotto II 1071 238 Edgemount 107
279 Sierra 81anc0. ..1071 ... Paul Krueger...lls
273 Cardwell 110 j 161 Brown Prince... 107
Joan 112 301 Jack o' Lantern. 107
279 Schnitz 110 ! 279 Esplrando 107
Third Race— One mile; selling; all ages.
804 Rainier 841 297 Zarro 119
291 San Augustine.. 87 308 Guilder 110
306 Prince Blazes.. .llo; 275 McPryor 119
263 Ulm 87:
Fourth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; purse.
304 Cromwell 112] 277 Napamax 104
(304) La Goleta 104 1
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
285 O'Fleta 104! 301 Bal lister 99
303 Mamie G 104 211 Kamsln 104
" 2>l Alvero 104 294 Midllght 104
29S RlcardO 104! 290 Libertine 1"7
196 Rouemald 99] 281 Roulette Wheel. 99
245 Zorazzo 107 64 Oak Leaf 104
195 Outgo 104
Sixth Rnc— One and a sixteenth miles; sell- ]
Ing; three-year-olds and upward.
281 Benamela 104! 297 McFarlane 99 j
2M Colonial Dame.. 92 30fi Ootohed 95 i
300 Cutaway 107, 275 Bernardino 104
306 Inverary II 97 i 2W> Tonrlca 97
300 Whitcomb 104 i 283 Lady Hurst 93
275 Shasta Water... 104 \ ■ ■ j
Selections .or To-Day.
First Race— Engea, Elizabeth R, Limatus.
Second Race — Joan, Jack o' Lantern, Sennit*.
Third Race— Rainier, Prince Blazes, Guilder.
Fourth Race— La Goleta, Napamax, Cromwell.
Fifth Race— Mamie G, Midllght. Libertine.
Sixth Race— Shasta Water, Bernardino, Lady
Hurst.
NAPA STOCK FARM YEARLINGS.
The Big Sale of the Season at Killip
& Co.'s To-Night.
A portion of the big consignment of
thoroughbred youngsters fr-m the Kapa
Stock Farm of A. B. Spreckels will be led
into KlHip & Co.'s sales rins: to-night, the
remainder on Wednesday night. At the
first annual sale of this young" breeding
establishment one year ago the stake win
ners Canace and Sevens were two of the
crop. Canace was a sensational but an
unlucky performer, finishing second on no
less than sixteen occasions, beaten out in
desperate drives by the crack two-year
olds of the middle West. She also scored
many wins. Sevens was even faster, but
met with an accident after being taken
East. ,
The yearlings to be offered at sale to
night are the get of the richly bred stal
lions Imp. Crighton. Imp. Idalium. Eolo,
General Allies, Lew Weir (sire of Satyr).
Puryear D. and the superb English horse
The Judge. The matrons of this farm
were all chosen with the idea of produc
ing horses capable of winning, and the
band of sturdy looking youngsters to oe
lr-d into the ring to-night will be testi
mony of that fact.
LAID AWAY IN THE
OAKLAND CEMETERY
LAST RITES OVER THE BODY OF
JUDGE BORDEN.
The Superior Courts Closed in Re
spect to the Memory of the
Deceased Jurist.
The remains of the late Judge Rhodes
Borden were borne frnm the family resi
dence, at 424 Scott Street, yc-storclay after
noon and tak^n to their final resting place
in Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
The house" was crowded with friends of
the deceased when Rev. K. J. TJon of St.
Stenhen's Church stepped to the head of
tha casket and read the impressively
beautiful Episcopal service for the burial
of the dead. After this was concluded the
body was taken to the ferry arid trans
ferred to Oakland on the 2 o'clock boat.
Only the relatives and near friends at
tended the interment.
The floral tributes were many and beau
tiful. Thrown over and almost conceal
ing the casket was an exquisite floral pall
composed of violets, white roses, smilax
and fern leaves— the sifent testimonial of
the employes of the City and County At
torney's office.
The honorary pallbearers were Harry
T. Creswell, J. B. Garber, Judge J. M.
Seawell, Patrick Noble, J. K. Moffltt,
William Grant. Crittenden Thornton and
Frank C. Drew.
Yesterday morning John M. Burnett, on
behalf of the Bar Association, visited the
various departments of the Superior
Court and to each Judge voiced the re
grets of that organization over the death
of the late Judge Borden. Mr. Burnett's
remarks were eulogistic of the deceased,
and at their conclusion the courts were
ordered adjourned out of respect to the
memory of the dead.
. . ; ADVERTISEMENTS. '
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach of
Every Woman to Save the
Drunkard.
! A TRIAL PACKAGE OF THIS MAR-
j VELOUS HOME REMEDY MAILED 9
FREE TO ALL WHO WRITE
FOR IT.
; Can Be Given in Tea, Coffee op Food,
Thus Absolutely and Secretly
Curing ■ the Patient in a :
Short Time Without His
Knowledge. ; ; ;. ;; ;
There is ■ a cure for drunkenness that
i has shed a radiance into thousands of
; hitherto desolate' fireside?. 'It does its
work so silently and surely that while the
devoted wife, sister or daughter looks on,
the: drunkard is reclaimed even . against
■ his will and without his knowledge or co-
operation. ■- •■; y-i. ■
JOHN BE. HATTON. ' •
Mrs. John ,M. Hatton, a lady residing
in Lebanon. 0., used the remedy as de-
scribed 1 above and her experience told in
her own words will quite' likely interest
all women deeply. Mrs. Hatton says:
"Yes; I used Golden Specific without my
husband's - knowledge and completely
! cured him. :
"He was a hard drinker, a good man
when sober, but for years I lived in fear
and dread, shame and despair, poverty
and disgrace. How shall I tell other wo-
men about it? Is it not a wonderful thing
that a woman can take matters in her own
hands. ami stamp out this dreadful curse'
to the home? I am glad you are going to
publish my experience, for then X know It
will reach --hundreds of other poor souls
and they will cure their husbands just as-
I cured mine. I am so grateful for the
marvelous changes that have come into
my life that I just feel like I would do
anything to let • every wife and mother
know what a blessing Golden Specific is.
I send you his picture taken a short: time
ago after he was cured. I honestly believe
it will cure any. drunkard no matter how
far down he may have fallen. Faithfully
yours, Mrs John M. Hatton, P. O. box 10i,
Lebanon, Ohio:" ' • "'
Hundreds of others are reported, even
the worst cases where the habit seems, to
have blotted out the last remaining spark
of self-respect. •-." ■- ■
< The discoverer of this grand remedy. Dr. '
Haines. will send a sample of the remedy
free to all who will write for it. Enough of
the remedy is mailed free to show how it
is used in tea. coffee or food, and that it
will cure the dreaded habit quietly and
permanently. Upon application to Dr. J.
W. Hal nea, 556 Glenn building, Cincinnati,
0., he will-mail a free sample of the rem-
edy to you, securely seal-ed in a plain
wrapper, also full directions how to use
It, books and testimonials from hundreds
who have been cured, and everything,
needed to aid you in . saving those near
and dear to you from a life of degrada-
tion and ultimate poverty and disgrace. -
Send for : a free trial to-day. It will
brighten the. rest of your life. , ..,,.-
A SINGLE SPARK LEFT
Is the means of rekindling a flre. So long as ■
there is life tbere is hope. Nothing seems
half as ' bad as NERVOUS , DEBILITY,
whether caused by mental strain, overwork,' ,
overworry or >n any form or function by '.•
LIVING TOO v .FAST.'fS.':
The terrible train of symptoms are only too
•-■■ well known; flushes and chills, tired brain.'
and ' back, : sour temper, insomnia, languor,'
stomach and bowel trouble, failing strength, -
etc.. sometimes ending, in mania; or par-
' alysis, and' even In these conditions there is
certain recovery if the nerve spark be re-
kindled, toned and "invigorated.
THE FAMOUS
PERFECTO TABLETS
\'\ Tone up the system, give •prompt relief : to ;
• . insomnia and falling memory, repair the -;.
.'waste and drain of vital powers incurred by
'■ indiscretion or excesses, bring bark vlgtjr
: anil potency to every function, ward .off in- ■•. ;
• sanity and confumption.- ' . ■"■ .■:.'■ ,'\ ' ' ■
MAKE PERFECT MEN 'AND WOMEN
One 50 Cents ; ■ 6 Boxes at $2.50, a - ;
Box Renews Guaranteed Cure, or
Vital Energy. Money Refunded.
- Mailed on receipt of price by
THE PERFECT!) CO.. Cixt;a Banding, Chicago,' 111
;.■".-■■■."'■-■.-.■: = : ■ ■ -". . . - : ' " ■ . ■ ■
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
f-' »ri;ni: Kxrhange lower.
Wheat weaker.
Barley about the same. '
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Light demand for Flour.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
J.acs firm, but quiet.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Vegetables slow.
Butter higher and Cheese firm.
Another decline in Eggs. ,
A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Game lower.
Fruit quiet. Grapes higher. • •
Oranges and Limes dull.
Lemons lower.
Dried Fruit inactive.
No change in Provisions.
Meat market unchanged.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Deo. 6. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in past 24 hours:
Last ' This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season
Eureka 0.01 3.46 10.75
Bed Bluff 0.00 2.; -4.23
Sacramento 0.00 1.61 2.54
Pan Francisco 0.00 2.3S 2.85
Fresno 0.00 1.48 1.41
Independence 0.00 0.32 —
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.66 0.95
1... Angeles 0.00 0.11 2.43
Ban Diego 0.00 0.21 1.15
Yuma 0.00 0.20 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
82; minimum temperature, 4S; mean tempera
ture, 84 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of unusually high "pressure is central
In Eastern Washington, where the. barometer
reads above 80.70 Inches. Fair and cool weather
I weat of the Rocky Mountains, except
in California, where the conditions are partly
cloudy. There are some indications of a mod
erate storm off the California coast, but the
high Vressure in the interior will probably pre
vent it from approaching nearer the coast.
Forecast mad.- at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, December 6, IS9S.
Fir Northern California— Partly cloudy Tues
iterly winds.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday;
brisk n"rt!i<ust wind.
Nevada— Fair Tiv
Utah— Fair Tm s
Arizona— Fair Tuesday; cooler in south por
tion.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Tuesday; fresh easterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais — Wind
east: partly cloudy; 12 miles; Maximum tem
perature, 52; current, 50.
W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dp'c. s.— There was much in
terest and curiosity manifested in Wall street
regarding the President's mes-a.:**.
When it was published it was found to be so
■ matter calculated to affect the value
;rities that the course of pr.ces was left
influence of technical causes. The re
cent ■ BSlonal traders has been that
the message would prove to be a bull document
• y have bought stocks recently upon that
tion. Upon the publication of the mes
sage it was natural, therefore, that this ele
meat -would have to sell :o take their profits.
But the chief effect of the anticipation of the
■<? was to curtail operations in the stock
market. This tendency was emphasized by
the absence of telegraphic communication with
DOinta in the country, owing to the
There was not entirely lacking also
the proverbial disposition of Stock Exchange
traders to the feeling of timidity over the ad
1 a session of Congress. There is some
thing of a prejudice In Wall street against
some of the measures which Representatives
rnbled at Washington design
for the public welfare, and ■ . be ]<-t
alone in methods for the profitable employ
ment ol capital against which Congressional
- at times directed. The prevail
ing tone of the market, therefore, became ma
s the day wore on. There
wa -- •• : '-omparative strength in the
morning, especially In some of the stocks
which snowed strength last ween. Metropoli
tan Street Railway mounted strongly 4^ points
and then reacted 3U on realizing, upon the mi
i quarterly dividend to an annual 7 per
cent rate from a ."■ per cent rate. Pacific Mail
and the iron and steel stocks continued mov
ing upward, but reacted sharply before the
close, particularly Federal Steel. Sugar fluc
tuated quite irregularly on the varying rumors
itua of the competition of the
trade. There was rather a notable advance in
a group of go)d stocks and some of the low
priced railway shares were also strong. United
Btatea Express rose to ",\ at one time, but re
acted to 56, and American Express uropped 5
points. The majority of the standard stocks
wore, however, notably dull end for the most
pan heavy. This was especially true of the
Grangers and the Pacifies. There was some
firmness manifested in coalers on the strength
of the cold weather.
The bond market was decidedly more active
than Btocka an.', prices were better maintained
though there was a reaction from best prices
in the later dealings. A number of lately dor
mant issues were brought into activity and
moved sharply upward. Total sales, $5.305 000
T'nited States seconds advanced % in the bid
■
The tota! Falos of storks to-day wrre asa 700
shares, including: 873? Atchison, 17 C<V) Af'hi
eon preferred. H7S Central Pacific, 23.200 C and
0.. 47SE Burlington, 21.P00 L. and x .
Manhnttan. 15.67 m Metropolitan Street Railway
8550 Missouri Pacifi-. 9ZK M. X and t nre
fetred, 4250 Northern Pacific. 7545 Union Pa
cific. TV' Union Pacific preferred, 12 ir,o st
Paul. COM Texas and Pacific 0 3734
Steel. 8889 Steel preferred. 6200 People's 'Gas
1695 Linseed. 10.800 Pacific Mail. 19 9!«) Sugar'
57 0 T. C. and 1., 5832 Western Union. 4546 Chi
cago G. W.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 16 Do prefd.. r«v
Do prefd 16% Do 2.1 prefd. .'.'." 3*4
Baltimore & Ohio. 57% St Louis & S W 574
Canada Pacific M% Do prefd... '" 14a?
Canada Southern. ..s3% St Paul.. '"11334
Cent Pac 82% Do prefd '.'.'.IC2K
Ches A Ohio 24* St P & ()ra.. " Mil
Chi & Alton 164% Do prefd "l«4
Chi B& Q 115% St PII ft M. "I6S
Chi & E 111 58% So Pacific. ... ■'-:<
Do prefd liou. So Railway ... 1014
Chicago G W 14 7 -, Do prefd r~ 411%
Chi Ind & L 7% Texas & Pacific.... ].v!
Do prefd 31 Union Pacific... 3714
Chi & N W 139 Do prefd "■ 69« i
Do prefd 182 U P D & G 2d
CCC& St L 41% ast paid.... 12=1
Do prefd 89% Wabash 774
Pel & Hudson 100 Do prefd * 21
Del L & \V 145 Wheel. &L E, 4th
Den & Rio G l.' ast paid 5
Do prefd 61% Do prefd. 21%
Erie (new) 13% Express Companies-
Do Ist prefd 36 Adams Ex 109
Ft Wayne 174 American Ex 143
Gt Nor prefd 136% United States 54
Hocking Val 3% Wells Fargo 128
Illinois Cent 11l Miscellaneous—
lAke Erie & W.... 14 A Cot Oil 3414
Do prefd 63% Do prefd gs2
Lake Shore 193 Am Spirits I*'
Louls'& Nash 62% Do prefd I '
Manhattan L !«8 Am Tobacco 18<i>i
Met Sa Ry 185% Do prefd..... IS
Mich Cent 109% Com Gas 190%
Minn & St L 28% Com Cable Co 184%
Do l?t prefd...... 84% Col F & Iron 23%
Mo Pacific 37 Do prefd 77
Mobile & Ohio 27 Gen Electric S4V4
Mo X & T 124 Hnw Com Co ... 45
Do prefd 14% Int Paper 6SU
N .1 Central 90 Do prefd ll*
NY Central 118 Laclede Gas 53
N V Chi ft St L.. 13 Lead 35%
Do Ist prefd 65 Do prefd 111%
Do 2d prefd 33% Nat 1 .'•■ oil 10%
Nor West 14% Pacific Mall 40%
No Amer Co 7', People's Gas ln« ■-,
No Pacific 40 Pullman Pal 139
Do prefd 75 , Silver Certificates. 60%
Ontario & W 15% . Standard R & T.. 7%
Or R & Nay...... r,O |Susar 126%
Or Short Line 36 < Do prefd 114
Pac C ■st prof'!.... 76 It C & Iron 31%
Do M prefd r>6 U 8 Leather........ 6
Plttsburg 172 Do prefd 67%
Reading IS r S Rubber 45%
Do Ist prefd 44% Do prefd 108%
R G "«..... 27 West Union 93%
Do prefd 63 j Federal Steel 31%
Rock Island 107% Do prefd 76%
fit Louis & S F.... S%l Brooklyn R T 69
CLOSING BONDS.
US 3s MS ,x y Central 15t8..117%
U 8 new 4s re*.... 1*7% IN J C f.s , 114
Do coup 127% N Carolina 6s .123
V S 4ts 11l j Do 4s 104
Do c0up..... 1124 No Pac lsts 117
Do 2ds 5914 Do Sa 171.
US 5s reg 112% Do 45.... 101%
• Do 5s coup 112£ N V C & St L 45. .106.
District 3.655.. 118 Nor &W 6s 122
Ala class A 100% Northwestern con. 144
Do B  103% Do deb os U7V.
Do C...... ...102 O Nay lsts 114 *
Do Currency 102 O Nay 4s 99
Atchison 4s Uis'.i O S Line 6s tr... US
I>o-a.IJ 4s 7554 O S Line 5s tr....i1--.
Can So 2ds ...Jll jPaciflc 6s of 95. ...102*7
C & O 4^s h9«i; Reading 4s M '
Chi T 45........... vs- t R <; \v lsts. M*
C & Ohio ss. 116vlj St L & I M C Ss..IMU
C H & D 4V4s 104% Bt L & S F G 65. .122-4
D& R G lits 103 St P Con 161
D & H <: 4- 100 .-• I' C& P 1et5. ...120
Kast Term lsts 107'j Do 55... 119
Krie Gen 4.v .... 74 1 .4|50 Ry 5s 104%
F W & D lsts tr.. •/*>%! Stand R & T Cs.., 79
Gen Elec 55. ._•.:. 108 Term new set 35... !«u
G H & S A 66.... 10; iTex Pac L a 15t5. .107
Do 2ds 103 j Do Rp 2d5....:.. 46%
II &TC 5s ...110 Union Pac 45....;.. 101%
Do con 65. ..'.... .110 U P D & G lsts.... M
lowa C 18t5........103%' |Wab Ist 55.........iUT4
La new c0n. 45..... 107 ■ Do'2ds.T 91
1. & N Unl 4s 95%'W Shore 4s 112
Missouri 6s :...100 [V« Centuries ...... 81
MX & T 2ds 65',, Do deferred.. 9
Do 48 ...Si) !wis Cent 15t5...... 63
MINING "STOCKS.
Chollar :". S3 Ontario ...... 450
Crown P0int....... 15 Ophir-T.YJV."'.!".'.... 60
Con Cal &Va 1 25 1 Plymouth ......... .V 12
Deadwood 40: Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry.... 30' Do prefd 480
Hale ft NorcrOM.. 1 4" Blem Nevada 120
Homes-take GO 00 Standard I '•■>
Iron silver 717 1 Union Con 24
Mexican 20! Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestlngh Eler 376
Call loans 2f?3i I>o prefd 59Vi
Time loans 3@4 Ed Elec Tel 19a
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd — 178
Ateh Top A- St Fe. IC4 Atch prefd 45%
Amer Sugar 126% Bonds— .
Do prefd 11SU Atchlson 4s 97
Bay State Gas 2%\ Mining Shares-
Bel] Tel 280 Allouez Mln C 0.... 5
Boston & Albany.. 24.". Atlantic 31
Boston A Maine... 165H; Boston & Mont — 235
Boston I> 78% Butte & Boston — 58
Chi Bur & Q 11.-V Calumet & Hecla..6Oo
Fitchburg l'>4>«. Centennial 24%
c;.>n Electric M;M ;t t 'Franklin 16>i
Mexican <'ent .'. ;Old Dominion 32"
N V & N Eng 96 I Oseeola t>S3 t
Old Colony 195 iQuincy 133
Rubber 45V Tamarack 169
Union Pac 37Vk Wolverine 31V4
West End Sn Parrott 29
Do prefd 110 Humboldt 3M
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. s.— Money on call steady
per cent; last loan IM per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3)494 per cent.
Sterling exchange, easier with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 84Vtf4 MV* for demand,
and at $4 81H94 81\ for sixty days; posted
rates, $4 S2<S 4 J>2»- and $4 S5Vs ; commercial bills,
M ■ .
Silver certificates. 60%i361>*c.
Bar silver. 59 l-16c.
Mexican dollars, 46% c.
Government bonds, firmer: State bonds, eas
ier; railroad bonds, strong.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW TORK. Dec. s.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says: The stock markets
here were quiet and dull to-day, business being
checked by Saturday's gold withdrawal. There
wu an Improvement at the close, however,
whin it was announced that there had been
no :i: ther gold efflux to-day. Americans were
quiet. The arbitrage business was interfered
with by th* interruption of cable service at
New York. The close in this market was at
about the best. Brazil stocks were flat on a
sharp I -ill in exchange, which is partly due
to the large amount of Brazilian treasury bills
held here to mature next month. I learn that
next Saturday's withdrawal of £25,000 in gold
from the Bank of England was a special op- |
eration, the fact being that Spain had to
send a large amount of French or Spanish
gold coin to Havana. The Bank of France re
fused to part with the gnld. Spanish agents
had to take bar gold from the Bank of Eng
land and give to the Bank of France in ex
change for coin. I am also told, but I cannot
confirm the report, that Spain gave as security*
for the gold a lien on the $20,000,000 expected
from the I'nited States.
Gold continues in strong demand for Ger
many at 7Ss per ounce. The best-informed
operators say that £2,000,000 In gold is still to
go to Germany.
It appears that in a recent shipment an un
profitable exchange rate had been forced by
the terms of a contract requiring that the
proceeds of a Russian loan issued in Ger
many some time back should be paid in gold
on a certain date.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, S7*&: Grand Trunk, 7%;
Bar Silver, steady, 27** d per ounce. Money,
24 per cent. Spanish fours closed 41H. against
41 9-16 Saturday.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. s.— FLOUß— Receipts.
K,SU bbls; exports, 33,046 bbls. Sales, 7000
packages, inactive and lower to sell; Minne
sota patents, $3 7094.
WHEAT— Receipts, 525,400 bushels; ex
ports, 407,018 bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red.
f. o. b. afloat. Options opened dull and easy
on cables. The interrupted wire services
coupled with late weakness abroad and ab
sence of export orders, promoted depression all
day and final prices were sfcig&c net lower.
March. 73" B ft74c. closing 73 T ic
11. )PS- S-eady.
WOOL— Steady.
M ETA L S— The week in the metal market
starts with sentiment favoring lower prices
I and with business at a low ebb. Lead, spelter
; and copper went off slightly to-day, and the
k was for a further sag to prices unless
radical improvement occurs in news from
abroad or outside points in this country. At
the close the metal exchange called:
<')I 'PER— Easy; brokers, $12 75; exchange,
$1- 85.
— Easy; brokers, S3 45; exchange,
$3 67%.
FIG Warrants quiet at $7 20.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet, with $12 63 bid and
$12 £5 asked.
LEAD— DuII and easy, with $3 57& bid and
$3 >:'■ asked.
TlN— Easier, with $18 bid and $18 15 asked.
SPELTER— with $5 20 bid and $5 30
asked. The firm naming the settling price
for leading miners and smelters at the West
quotes lead $3 4.".
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 10 points net lower. Sales, 10.500.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio quiet, but steady; No.
7 Invoice, 6»sc: No. 7 Jobbing, 67Jc. Mild,
holders adhere to former prices.
SUGAR— Raw firm, but Inactive; fair re
fining. I 15-16 c; centrifugal 96 test, 4 7-16 c.
Molasses, 3 3-16 c; refine.l. dull arid irregular.
BUTTER— Receipts. 665S packages; steady at
decline. Western creamery, 20c; Elglns, '■
20c; factor}'. 12!S14Vtc.
EGGS — Receipts. 4654 packages; firm. State
and Pennsylvania, 26@27c; Western, 26c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Dec. s.— California dried
fruits: Apples steady, other fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 7@Bc;
prime wire tray, S%c; choice, S@3^c; fancy,
10c. ■
PRUNES— 4©IO%c
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll<014c; Moorpark, 14@17e
PEACHES— Unpeeled, S%@l2»ic; peeled, IS®
22c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Dec. s.— Wheat -was tower fiom
the start. May, opened at 66@6CVSc, a decline
of %@Uc from Saturday's closing . price, and
in the first few minutes of trading droppe 1
to 65% c. Telegraph communication with the
East was seriously Interrupted en account of
the recent storm, but enough was filtered
through to show the general j drift of specu
lative tendency abroad and at the seaboard.
It was decidedly bearish and this market was
affected accordingly. The \\?k of wire facili
ties also seriously interfered with buhiness, al
most no orders either to buy or sell coming
from the outside, and the market in conse
quence was extremely dull.
This in itself had a depressing effect on
prices, but it also kept them within a nar
row range. Liverpool was-%(g%a lower and re
ported an increase In stocks for the week of
about 75,000 bushels. Beerbohm estimated the
world shipment of wheat and flour at about
10,000,000 bushels, and 2,300,000 bushels of which
came from other countries than ■ the United
States and Canada. The quantity afloat for
and in Europe was estimated to have increased
3,500,000 bushels. Northwest receipts were
heavy, notwithstanding the unfavorable weath
er, Minneapolis and Duluth reporting 1647 cars
compared with 15S8 last week and 1315 a year
ago. - ulcago receipts were 117 cars, none of
contract gra^e. A slight reaction followed
the decline to 65% c. due to a. little buying
against puts by the local crowd, but this was
soon satisfied. The May option sold up to
6Cc, however, and remained close to that price
the remainder of the session. It once touched
6o=(i@6s%c, but got back again to 66c, which
price ruled until near the close.
The market was apparently in the hands of
the local talent and their operations were so
limited that the pit at the time presented al
most a deserted appearance. May closed 65%@
66c.
Corn was a little more active than wheat
•but trading was limited. The market early
1 was easy on lower cables. Business was al
; most entirely local. May ranged from 34 %c to
34% c, and closed unchanged at 34Vi@34%c.
Oats were weak and lower. May ranged from
: 26 to 26% c, and closed a quarter cent lower
at WK&
Provisions were moderately active and strong
; Hog receipts were much less than expected
, May pork closed 17V4c higher at $9 57%; May
lard, 7%c higher, and May ribs, 7&c higher
The leading futures ranged as lollows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
j Wheat No. 2—
December 65*4 65% 65V4 65U
May 66% ■ 66% 65% (Hi
, Corn No. 2—
i December 33^i 33%  3314 Bat
May 34% 34% 34% 34*1
J"»y •• — •■• 3** 34T* 34% 34%
Oats No. 2— ■ -■" . . -
December 26 26 • 25*4 25 7 /4
May ........ .. • 28% 26% 26 26&
Mess Pork, per barrel—
December goo
January 9 27% ' 9 37% 9 22% 9 32*
May 9 50 9 60 9 45 9 67%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
i December' .. .5 00
January ; 6 16 5 20 6 15 5 17%
1 May.... .:'6 32*& ' 5 37% 630 5 32%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds—
December ...... ■..'.... -4 47%
; January ....4 68 4 70 4 62% ■ 4 67%
May 4SO 485 4 77% 4 82%
! Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 3 spring Wheat, 61(i764 1
No. 2 -red, f. o. b., 69@69%c; No. 2 Corn. 34©
34% c; No. 2 Oats, f. o. b\. 26V4«27c; No. 2 white
! f. o. b., 28%©25% c; No. 3 white, f. o. b. 2S%'&i
: 2!>c: No. 2 Rye, E2%c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b S7<B>
52c: No. 1 Flaxseed, $Isl 03; Prime Timothy Seed
; $2 20; Mess Pork, per barrel; $8<?i8 05; Lard, per
■ 100 pounds, $5Gf, 20; Short Rib Sides, loose, $4 55
'/I 75; Dry Salted - Shoulders, boxed, 4U@4%c
\ Short Clear Sides, boxed, $4 95@5; Whisky, din
: tillers' ■; finished goods, per gallon, $1 26; Sugar,
I cut loaf,' 5.89 c; granulated. 5.39 c.
i Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, barrels 39,000 ■ --■ 33,000
Wheat, bushels ....:.. 144,000 2&5.000
Corn, bushels ..'. 345,000 -406,000
Oats, bushels,. V. 440.000 301,000
Rye, bushels ................ 20,000 2,000
1 : Barley, bushels ............ 66,000 9,000
' | On the Produce ' Exchange ' to-day the ' Butter
n fflftuiVlM gii^TTf nnWiWllMHlMilllllil I'iir' 111 i 1«n 1 ill'lil 11 TIIIII niiWlllil liilliiilii it '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
market was steady: creameries," 14ff21%c; dair
ies, 13@19c. Cheese,, firm; SV4@lO&c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 221/ 23 c. -- ;
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. -
■ Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— ! Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis '..'.... 826,210 - 74,520
Duluth ....... 547,642 624.948
Milwaukee 109,200 . 119,150
I Chicago 143,950 295,119
Toledo .."... .-. . ... . .v. c.- . . .-. ; . ;r
St. Louis .'. ; 94,000 23,000
'Detroit ...: -
Kansas City ; 153,000 " 63,000
Totals TTTTTT
Tidewater —
Boston 43,400 171,190
New York .......>/
Philadelphia : 44,852 ■ 43,900
Baltimore .:........:....... 80,677 .......
New Orleans ' ....... 40.000
Galveston 
Totals .......
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening .....6 tt 6 9%
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Dec. Jan.-Apl.
Opening .......45 80 45 60
Closing .....
Wheat-
Opening 2125 2115
Closing
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
t
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. S.— CATTLE— Choice to
prime lots showed an advancing tendency, but
half fat \ lots were barely steady. Fancy
Christmas cattle sold up to $5 95; common
steers. $4; bulk, . $4 75®5 50; stockers and feed
ers, $3@4; cows, heifers and bulls, unchanged
from last week. Fed Westerns and Texans
were unchanged. Calves brought $2 65@6 75.
HOGS— 10c higher. Prices ranged from
$3 25@3 30 for common lots up to $3 30@3 55 for
choice to prime droves, sales being largely at
$3 45@3 50. Pigs sold chiefly at $3 10@3 15.
Early prices for sheep and lambs were at
stronger prices for desirable lots, but prices
weakened somewhat later. Sheep. $2 50®3 50
for the commoner lots up to $3 90®4 30 for
choice lots, heavy export sheep being wanted
around $3 90. Light-weight sheep sold the
highest. Yearlings, $4 10@4 SO; common to
choice lambs, $4@4 50: feeders, $4 50® 4 85 for
lambs and $3 50@3 00 for Western sheep.
Receipts, 17,500; hogs, . 39,000; sheep, 22,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Dec. s.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1500;
strong. Native beef steers, $4 10% ©5 25; West
ern steers, $3 70@4 40; Texas steers, $3 60@3 90;
steers. $3 7094 40; Texas steers, $3 50@3 90;
cows and heifers, $3<t[3 90; stockers and feed
ers, $3 20@4 40; bulls, stags, etc.. $2 25@3 85.
HOGS— Receipts, 2300. Market CQlOc higher.
Heavy, $3 35-33 40; mixed, W 35<§3 374; light,
$3 37Vs@3 45; pigs, $3!§3 30; bulk of sales, $3 3.'.®
3 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2700; market strong. Na
tive muttons, $3 60@4 45; Western muttons,
$3 fiO@4 25; stock sheep. $2 70®3 70; lambs, $4®
5 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. S.— CATTLE— Receipts,
7000; steady to strong. Native steers, $3 20^5;
Texas steers, $2 75@4 55; Texas cows and
heifers. $1 50JJ2 95; native cows and heifers,
$2 25<^S80; stockers and feeders, 12 50<S:4 40
bulls. $2<33 50.
H< ><;s— Receipts, fiono; market strong to 5c
higher: bulk of sales, $3 3<VftZ 40. Heavies
$3 35@3 60; packers, $3 30@3 424; mixed, $3 25©
3 37' 2 ; lights, $3@3 45; yorkers, $3 30@3 35
pigs, $2 5563 25.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; market firm. Lambs
$4<g'3 25; muttons, $2® 4 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Dec. s.— CATTLE— Receipts, 900.
Market active and firm. Beef steers, $3 50rfj>
4 25; cows, $2 75® 3 50; feeders, freight paid to
river, $2 75® 4; stockers, freight paid, $3 50®
4 15; bulls, stags, etc., $2'S2 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 250. Market a shade higher.
Light packers, $3 40g3 45; mixed, $3 35@3 40;
heavy. J3 25^3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, none.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. Dec. s.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as follows:
Verdelle, McOfl 30; Ferrera. 75c35l 40; Tokay,
$1 £o@3; Corn'ichon. $1 55rgl 80; Emperor, $1 20.
Weather threatening. One car sold.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Dec. s.— At the wool auction sales
the majority of merinos offered were taken by
German and French buyers. Many lots of
greasies were sold to home purchasers. Deep
brown, lusterless cross-breds were keenly com
peted for. Medium and inferior were slower.
Falkland Islands were in good demand and
firm at October figures.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Dec. s.— The visible supply of
grain in store and aloat for vhe week end
ing on Saturday. ir?c«-mber 3, as compiled by
the New York Produce Exchange, is as fol
lows :
Wheat. 24.i9S.0iXi bushels. Increase 729,000;
corn, 20,3fi9,000 bushels, decrease 1.894,000; oats,
ri.s4ri.rtiO bushels, decrease 40.000; rye. 1,022,000
bushels, decrease 117,000; barley, 2,838,000 bush
els, increase 60,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. s.— Silver, 27% d; wheat car
goes off coast, nothings-doing; cargoes on pas- 1
pace, more inquiry; English country markets,
quiet; Import into United Kingdom, wheat,
18,700; import Into T'nited Kingdom, flour, 250,
000: wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom. 2.090. 0<W; wheat and flour on passage
to Continent. 1,250.000.
LIVERPOOL. Dee. s.— Wheat, dull; wheat in
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, weak; French coun
try markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%<i.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed dull; November,
nominal; December, 6s , 4 d; March, 5s 9%d.
corn— March, dull; 3« 7Hd.
The following are the imports of wheat into
Liverpool:
From Atlantic ports, 74,400 quarters; from
Pacific ports, none; from other ports, 8000
quarters. ,
The imports of corn from Atlantic ports for
the week were 69,600 quarters.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. s.— Exchanges, $502,
765; balances, $93,554.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Dec. s.— There was nothing
in the foreign Wheat market ■or the local
freight situation that would warrant over 59c
per bushel for Walla Walla Wheat to-day, and
accordingly some buyers were not quoting over
that figure, while others ventured a quotation
of 60c, and there were the usual rumors of a
cent or two more being paid. Valley was
quoted at WaKe; blue stem, 63e.
Cleared— Ship William Law, for Cape Town,
with 101,958 bushels Wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Dec. 6.— WHEAT— CIub,
59c; blue stem, 62ig63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling Exchange, sight — \4 $3%
Sterling Cables .V — 4 86
New York Exchange, Bight — " — . 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — : 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — • ': ; 69%
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND., OTHER - GRAINS. ' . .
WHEAT— Lower ; prices . prevailed, both on
and. off call. The . market was devoid of
especial feature. . : . ■ *
Spot Wheat— Snipping, %l 13%@1 16%; milling,
$1 n'-fti 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal ■ session'— 9:15 - - o'clock— May— 2ooo
ctls, $1 1S»4: 24,000, $1 18%; . 22,000, . UJS;. 6000,
$1 17%; 18.000. $1 17%; 12.000. $1 17%.
Second session— May— Booo : ctls, ,$1 17%: De
cember— $1 12%. -..;■' ;
■ Regular morning- session— May — 4000 ctls,
$1 17%; 4000, $1 17%. December— 4ooo, ;»1 12%.
Afternoon May— 2B,ooo : ctls, $1 17%.
December— l2,ooo. *1 17%.
• BARLEY— Spot prices remained about ' the
same. Futures were dull. .
Feed, .$1 25©1 28%; Brewing, $1 32%@1 45 , per
ctl.
CALL- BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No Bales.
Second session — No sales. .
Regular morning, session — No sales.
Afternoon session— No sales. .
OATS— The decline .in Wheat depressed the
market, and \ trade was dull : at unchanged
prices. . • '
Fancy Feed, $1 27%@1 30 per ctl ; good to
choice, $1 22%@1 25; common. $1 17%@1 20; Sur
prise. $1 35@1 42%; Gray, $1 20@l 22%; milling,
$1 25<gl 30 per ctl; . Red. $1 4OQ>I 47%; Black,
$1 COOI 70. ' '
CORN— Quotations remain .as before, • with
but little business. . - . . -
Small round yellow, $1 15@1 17%; Eastern
large yellow, $1 10; - white, *1 10; ; mixed, $1 07%
per ft I; California white, ."•■••
RYE— California, $1 20@l 22%; Eastern,- $1 15
@1 17% per ctl. i .
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The millers report a light demand for flour.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $2 90ffi4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In Backs are as fel
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, j:i 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, |2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, V. Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, U 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour $4(3)4 25; Cracked Wheat. 13 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85(96 25; In Eacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. J5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, |4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Quotations for all descriptions remain un
olmngpd. Trade is still quiet.
"RAN— sl4 50@15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIO^2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, }26 60®27 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; Job
bing. $32(7532 50; Conanut Cake. $24®25; Cotton
seed Meal, $28® 30 per ton: Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50: Cracked Corn. $24® 25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16 50@17 50 for
good to choice and $14®16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15®16 60;
Oat, ilims 60; Island Barley, $11@14; Alfalfa,
$11® 12 50; Stock, $11(3 12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13 50@15; Cheat.
$12®12 50; Alfalfa, $10®10 50; Oat. $13@14 50;
Clover. $11 50® 12 50; Timothy. $11 50@13 per ton.
STRAW— 35@75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
A few changes In Beans will be observed.
The market is quiet, but firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $2@2 10; SmaJl Whites,
$2 15@2 20; Large Whites, $1 80@l 95; Pinks,
$2@2 10; Reds, $3 16@3 25; Blackeye, $3 76@4;
Butters. $2®2 50; Limas. $3 25<g3 35; Pea, $2 30®
2 50- Red Kidneys, $2 40(f2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mnstard. $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $4 25; Flax, J2®2 25: Canary
Seed. 2V4<62»ic per lb; Alfalfa. 6%@7c; Rape.
212 1 - 4 ®2»ie; Hemp. 2«©3c; Timothy. s®sM.c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 50@l 75; Green. $1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes show no further change. Onions
are quiet. Vegetables are slow and featureless.
POTATOES— 60c for Early Rose and 30®50c
for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75C0!
$1 10; Oregon, 75eif<$l; Sweet Potatoes, 60® 75c
for nearliy and $1 25 for Merced; New Pota
toes. lr§2c per lb.
ONIO.\'S-40®G5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, s@6c; String
Beans. 5® 7c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes. 25®
35c for Bay and 50®75e for Los Angeles; Garlic,
6(g7c per lb; Dried Okra. 10c per lb; Green Pep
pers. 3c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $B@lo per
ton; Carrots, 25@35c per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c t>er lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced.
desiccated. 16@lSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new. 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 500.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 14c for Turkeys,
$6 50 for Ducks, $1 75 for Geese, $4 50@5 for
Hens, $5@5 60 for young Roosters, $5 for old
do and $4 for Broilers and Fryers. Another
car goes on this morning.
Local stock was nominal.
Game was quiet and weaker.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 16@17c; live
Turkeys. 14@15c for Gobblers and 14@15c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 75: Goslings.
$150^175; Ducks, $4@6 for old and $4 50@6
for young- Hens, $3 50@5; young Roosters,
$4@5; old do, $4@4 50; Fryers, $4@4 60; * Broil
ers, $4®4 60 for large, $3@3 50 for small; Pig
eons. $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for
squabs.
GAME— Quail. $I@l 25; Mallard, $3«3 50:
Canvasback, $6®/9; Sprig, $2®2 50; Teal $1 50:
Widgeon, $1 50; Small Duck, $1 25; English
Snipe, $2® 2 50; Jack Snipe, $I@l 25; Gray
Geese, $2 60<@)3: White Geese, $I@l 25; Brant,
$1 50® 1 75; Honkers. $3® 4 50; Hare, $1: Rab- !
bits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for
small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is stiff and In light supply, owing
largely to non-arrival of steamers. Cheese
rules firm. Eggs have again declined.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 26c; seconds,
23@25c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 22@23c; common
grades, 17@21e.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. 17@18c; pickled roll,
17®lRc: creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16@16%c per
lb: Elgin. 22®22Hc.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. Il%fai2c; old, 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar, 12(g;i2%c; Young Amer
ica, 12c; Eastern. 12(Sj!13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 34® 36c per dozen: me
dium Eggs, 30®32%c; Eastern, 20<g:25c for ordi
nary and 274'g2S 1 .^c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Grapes are in lighter supply and higher.
Orangps and Limes are dull. Lemons are
weak. Fine Spltzenberg Apples sold up to
$1 50 per box.
Persimmons are in better supply and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $3(54 per chest for large and
for small.
Cranberries, $K®'9 50 per barrel for Eastern
and tiff 1 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 50® 75c per box; crate* sell 10® 15c '
higher than boxes
Raspberries, nominal.
Apples, 35<&-60c for common, 75@S5c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l 25 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $I®l 50.
Pears— r.oo®l per box.
ivrslmtnons 65c®$l 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS- Navel Oranges. $2 50@3 30
per box: Pfedlinus. $I®l 7ri; Mandarins, $I®j j
1 50; Lemons. i\'ii- for common and $2 50®3 .".0 j
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4; Call- |
fornla Limes. 50®75c per small box; Grape
Fruit, $1 60@4: Bananas. $1 50®2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3®5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunep, fi'4c for 40-50's, 4%
@5c for 60-60' s. 3%c for 60-70's. 3c for 70-80's.
2^c for 80-90'e, 2c for 90-100's and l%@l\c
for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2V4®sc; Peaches.
6@"Hc for good to choice, 7V4@Bc for fancy and
10'S12Hc for peeled; Apricots, -o©l2c for Royals
ani 12<(712^c for Moorpark; Evuporated Apples.
i "Vi@7^c; sun dried, 4@4Vtc; Black Figs, sacks,
2(&2V*c; Plums, f\UJte for pitted and l<fflVjc for
unpltted; Nectarines, 6^ 7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, 6(jffcc for quarters and B@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6?40 for four-crown, 6H<S<>M>c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4V«c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, I%QSc.
NUTS— Chestnuts. Siifl2Hc per 1b; Walnuts,
6@7c for hardshell, 9@l>lc for softshell; Almonds
««@7c for hardshell. 13c for softshell. 14@15c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4V»
Qbe for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades : water white extracted, 6 1 ?®
7c: light amber ex racted, 6c; dark, s@sHc
P< BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 7%e per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for Kght. 10Hc
for extra light and 12@12Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10Hc; California
Hams, 9*4@9%c: Mess Beef, JlO per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $li; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork. $10; extra clear. $18: mess, $15 CO®
16; Smoked Beef, 11%©12 c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 6%«tfi7c for pure; palls, 7%c;
California tierces, 4*'ig;sc per lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half-barrels, 6Hc 10-lb tins
7*c; 5-lb tins, 7>*c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, s%<g«Hc; ackagea
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9V4C'
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 6-lb palls, 12 in a
case, B%c: 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c, 60-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BHc: fancy tuhs, 80 lbs net, 7T»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All descriptions under this head remain un
changed.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, SVfcc; light, 8c; Cowhides,
8c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip, 8c; Calf, Bc
dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands. 12c'
dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry ■ Calf, 17c; Sheep
skins, shearlings. UOKe each; short wool, 3o@
40c each; medium, 60<j?80c; long wool, 90c@l 10
each; Horse Hides, .salt. $1 75@2 for large and
75c for small; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and doC{?sl for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3hi< Ff 3%c per lb;
No. 2. 2%c; refined, 4%®nc: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 7f(j>9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months'. R<9>!>c; Foothill and Northern, free,
12^ 14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc -
Humboldt and Mendoclno. 14@16c; Nevada 100
13c: Eastern Oregon. 10@12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 9®n
Northprn Mountain BQ> 9
Mountain 7@ 0
Plains 6@ 8
HOPS— IB9B crop. 12Hf?14c per lb for ordinary
lfi(g'l6c for good and 17@19c for choice to fancy!
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Dealers quote a quiet and unchanged mar
ket.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6H!7?«%c; choice, 7c;
second quality, 6c; third quality, 4H@5Hc
VEAL— Laree, S<s»BV4c: small. B@BVic per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H@Bc; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— B®B',4C per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large, •sVic for me
dium and 3V4W3^4c for small: stock Hogs, 2H
@3c; dressed Hogs, 6#6Hc for prime.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Brur* for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, "6@2Sc; San
Quentin Bags. $4 86.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; WaUsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50®9 in bulk and
$10(f/10 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg, $14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs
and Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 p«r ton in bulk
and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Retiring Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: ""übe Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c: Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry Granulated. s»^c: Confec
tioners' A. 6M,c; California A, 5%c; Magnolia A.
6%c; Bxtra C. sc; Golden C. 4T4c; half-barrels.
hie more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks stood about the same as on
Saturday.
Local securities ■were In moderate demand,
as will be Been by the list of sales below. An
advance was bid for Hawaiian Commercial.
The Hale & Norcross dividend of $1 50 will
be paid to-day.
The Con. Imperial delinquent sale takes
place to-day.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company recently
paid a dividend of $5 per share, amounting to
$95,000.
The Horseshoe Bar Consolidated Mining Com
pany of Placer and El Dorado counties has
levied an assessment of 5c per share, de
linquent January 4.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Con
solidated Imperial Mining Company will be
held to-dny.
The dividend recently declared by the Morn
ing Star mine of lowa Hill, Placer County, was
at the rate of $5 per share.
The annual meeting of the Mount Diablo Mill
and Mining Company has been called for De
cember 19.
The Calumet and Hecla Mining Company
of Michigan has declared a dividend of $10 per
share, payable December 29. This makes $30
in the current fiscal year, beginning May 1,
and $40 in the current calendar year. This is
the one hundred and ninth dividend, calling
for $1,000,000. and makes a total of $55,850,000
to date.
The official statement of the operations in
the Sierra Nevada mine for the week ending
December 3 Is as follows: The northwest drift
from the station at the 140 level of the shaft
was advanced 50 feet, making a total of 453
feet; face in porphyry and clay, with seams
of soil quartz through it. 900 level— The sta
tion at the top of the raise, 80 feet above the
!*▼«, has been completed and a drift started
north and advanced 12 feet; face in porphyry.
In the Ophir mine no underground work has
been done the past week from the Ophir shaft.
Thre.; parties of miners are at work on Ophlr
croppings, and up to date but one of them
has found ore of value. Two parties of miners
are at work in the Central tunnel prospecting
on their own account. The Central tunnel is
being cleared out so that work can be sta.-i.ed
northerly through Ophir ground, following a
vein that shows some low-grade ore.
In the Mexican mine no underground work
was done during the past week. Miners are
at work on the croppings prospecting for ore
on their own account. The Central tunnel is
being cleaned out, so that work may be start
ed northerly through Ophir ground, following
a vein that shows some low-grade ore.
At the C. & C. shaft, In the Con. Cal. & Va.
mine, the Comstock Pumping Association Is
now engaged in stripping a compartment of
the shaft and preparing it to receive the pres
sure pipe for the new pumping plant. On the
surface of the C. & C. shaft men are repairing
the pump hoist and covering the exposed
steam pipe. General Manager Ross has ar
ranged with the pumping association to make
some necessary but inexpensive repairs on the
1750 level for the company.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter
says: The work of prospecting ore body on
the '4so level has been continued the past week.
The north drift ha? been extended o feet, with
quartz of the same character and value as at
the south end of the chute. On the 550 level
work has been resumed drifting on the foot
wall north to encounter the ore body found
on the 450 level.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, Dec. 6.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U. S. Bonds— Pac L Co 4G% —
4s quar coup. .112%113 SF G & E... 84ft 85
4s quar reg...11l 111% San Fran — 3>4
4s quar new.,.127%128 Stockton Gas.. — 14
3s quar c0up..105>4105% Insurance-
Miscellaneous — Firem's Fund. 2lo —
Cal-st Cab 65.. 115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal El 6s 125 — Contra Costa.. 52% 55
C C Wat 85... 101 — Mann Co 60 —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Spring Valley.lol%ilo2
E L& P 65... 130 — Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65. 114 — Anglo-Cal .... 63 64
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1... 254 —
HC & S 5Hs.. — — Cal SD & T.. — 99
L A L Co 6s. 99 — First Natlonl.2lo 215
Do gntd 65. .100 103 Lon P & A. ...132% —
Market-st 65..12» — .vier Exchange — W
Do Ist M ss. 115% — Nev Nat 8....175 178
NCN G R 7s . 108 — Savings Banks—
N Ry Cal 65.. 113*4 — Ger S & L..1620 —
N Ry Cal 55.. 105*4 — Hum S & L.1060 1160
N P C R R 65. 103 — Mutual Say. — 45
NPC R R 65.1C0%101 S F Say U.. 600 —
N Cal R R ss. — — S& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Security S B 300 300
Om Ry 6s 127 — Union T Co.IOW —
P& Cl Ry 65.107 — Street Railroads—
P&O 6s 112 — California ....109 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Oawry 45 —
Sac El Ry Sp.lOfi — Market-st 57 67%
SF& N P ss.lloii — Oak SL & H. — —
SierraßCai Sa.MHfeIQSM Presidio 9% —
S P of Ar Ss..lini;m I Powder—
S P C6s(l<»os-6)lll 121 2 — ICalifornia 132% —
SPC 6s (1912)116^117% X Dynamite... 85 96
SPCIs eg 55. 102 — Giant Con Co. 68% 59
S P Br 6s 117 117%lVigorlt 3% 3>4
.S V Water 65. 119 120 1 Miscellaneous—
P V Water 45. 102^4 — Al Pac Assn.. lo4 104%
S V W4s(3dm). 101^101% Or Ld Wk5..160 —
titktn Gas 65. .100 — Hana PCo 17% 17%
Gas & Electric— HTC & 8 Co.*. r,n M
Capital Gas... — — i Hutch S P Co. 63% 63 7 £
Cent Oaelierht.los — ! Mer Xx Assn. SK) —
Cent L & P... 9% 10% i! Oceanic S Co.. 60 61
Mutual El Co. 12 13 iPac A F A... 1% 2V4
Oakland Gas.. 52 52%' Pac C Bor Co. loo —
Pac lias Imp. x : >'4 — i^nr Paint Co. 7% —
Morninc Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Farkers' Association W4 00
2'l Alaska Parkrrs' Association, ca5h. ..104 00
10 Giant Powder Con 58 60
2. r , Hana Plantation Co 17 50
35 Hutchinson S P Co 64 00
20 Hutchinson S P Co 63 87V4
60 Market-st Railway 57 50
t S V Water, b 2 102 00
30 S V Water 102 00
600 Vlgorit Powder 3 00
Street—
$40,000 Market-st Ry Con bds, 6 per cent. ll6 00
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 101 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
35 Contra Costa "Water 52 60
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 BO
25 Hana Plantation Co, buyer 10 17 50
110 Hana Plantation Co 17 37%
150 Hutchinsnn S P Co.: 6S 75'
40 Oceanic S R Co 60 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
10 S V Water ■» 102 00
100 VlKorlt Powder 3 25
Street—
15 Bank of California 255 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SOO Andes lOj.sno Potosl 21!
200 Belcher 23 : K>o Savage 18
650 Best & Belcher. 40; 300 Sierra Nevada.. 133
200 Chollar 27j 50 Sierra Nevada.. 1 40
500 Con Cal & Va..l 40 200 Union Cons... 28
700 Hale & Norcrs..l 60 300 Utah 16
100 Mexican 31 200 Utah 17
600 Ophlr 69 300 Yellow Jacket.. 18
100 Ophir 68
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 031 50 Hale & Nbrcrs..l 55
100 Belcher tt\ 100 Occidental 7o
500 Best & Belcher. 40,400 Ophir 67
200 Challenge 17 lW Potosl 25
200 Con Cal & Va..l 40 200 Sierra Nevada 1 33 r >
700 Hale & Norcrs.,l 60 | 290 Utah 15
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Chollar 26 100 Sierra Nevada 135
200 Chollar 27 200 Union Con *s
tOO Con Cal & Va..140 200 Union Con!"'"' 27
200 Gould & Curry.. 2s MOO Utah . . .«
200 Mexican 31 400 Utah "" 1*
SCO Overman 03 400 Yellow Jacket" i 9
40<) Potosl 26 300 Yellow Jacket" IS
200 Savage 18
Afternoon Session.
1200 Best & Belcher 40 200 Mexican 29
500 Bullion 0:. 300 Potosl ...'.""*"
100 Chollar 2« 100 Savage .... " is
200 Con Cal & Va.. 1% 200 Sierra NevadaiV -.
200 Gould & Curry. 2!> 300 Yellow Jacket.. U
150 Hale & Norcrs..l 60
THE INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
25 Market-st 57 00
Afternoon Session.
10 S F Gas & E, s 26 85 00
60 Market-st 57 50
20 Alaska Packers ' lot 25
50 Equitable Gaslight 6 00
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Monday, December 5.
Flour, qr sks 21,967 Wool, bales 142
Wheat, ctls 14,387 Pelts, bdls 24'
Barley, ctls 4,037 Hides, no 2,964
Corn, ctls 60 Sugar, sks 1,170
Cheese, ctls 40 Sugar, bbls 15
Butter, ctls 63 K^gs. doz 6,070
Tallow, ctls 2f>4 Leather, r0115.... 177
Beans, sks 7Si Lumber, ft 70 000
Potatoes, sk» 12, 2<>r» Wine, gals 42,350
Onions, sks 330 Brandy, gals 2,740
Bran, sks 1,210 Chicory, bbls 25
Middlings, sks... 500 Raisins, bxs 2,866
Hay, tons 175
OREGON.
Hops, bales 12 1
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Joseph Begin to Emilio Lastreto, undivided
two-ninths of lot on W line of I'olk street.
63:10% N of Clay, N 63:10% by W 123:6; $H.
Irfna M. Rawlings and Harriet E. SkiHon to
Robert Day, lot on N line of Vallejo street, 30
W of Octavla, W 24:3 by N 125; $5.
Lester and Julie Lacher to Jennie Lacher. lot
on N line of O'Farrell street, 171:10^ W of
Buchanan, W 34:4^ by N 137:6; gift.
Richard L. Murray to Carrie Murray (wife),
lot on E line of Cole street, 110 N of Frederick
N 26 by E 125; gift.
Adam Miller to Marie M. Miller (wife), lot
on W line of FoUom street, 215 N of Twenty
first, N 25 by W 122:6; gilt.
Michael and Rose Sawyer, Margaret Dunphy
and Mary Magulre to Peter McDevitt, lot on
W line of Shotwell street, 125 N of Nineteenth.
N 30 by W 122:6; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan* Society to Jennie
E. McLarty, lot on* 8E corner of Twenty-first
and Church streets, S 26 by E 125; $1700.
William A. Schadde (by E. B. Pond and' H
C. Campbell) to San Francisco Savings Union.
1706 d 31, lot on E line of Howard street, 260
S of Twenty-second, S 59 by E 122:6, trustees'
deed: $6202.
Estate oC Henry W. Wltzemann (by B. H
Madison and S. B. Peterson, trustees) to Chris
tina H. S. and Emilie W. C. Witzemann uuc
ceedlng trustees of the estate of Henry \V.
Witzemann), undivided one-eighlh of following-
Lot on NE corner Jackson and Drumm streets
X 60 by E r>2: also lot on N line of Jackson
52 E of Drumm, E 20 by N 40; also undivided
one-eighth interest In M. B. block 21; also un
divided one-eighth ,of lot on E line of Seven
teenth avenue, 253:1b N of Clement street, N 25
by E 120; also undivided one-eighth of lot on
N line of Ridley street. 210:9 W of West Mis
sion, W 30 by N 104:4; also property In Oakland
and all other property, trustees' deed; .
Christian Eging to Ottilie K. Eglng. lot on
E line of Leavenworth street, 93:6 S of Ellis.
8 22 by E 82:6; eift.
Amelle and AmbroM Stanley to Charles
Bogan, lot on SE Hne of Natoma (Everett)
street, 275 SW of Third. SW 37 by SEW; $10.
Mary E. Perryman (Devoe) to Annie Swan
son (wife of Berndt), iot on S line of Humboldt
street, 100 E of Vermont, E 25 by S 100; $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Thomas
Wilson, lot on E line of Twenty-second avenue,
UE N of Lake street, N 25 by E 120; $700.
Jorge de and Hannah B. Urioste to Solomon
Getz, lot on NE corner of Tenth avenue and L
street, N 125 by E 120; $10.
Miguel Urruela to same, lot on XW corner
of Ninth avenue and L street, W 120 by N
125: $10.
John R. H. Smyth (by Francis Budgett, at
torney) to Luc Beaudin, lot 13, block 4, Sunny
vale Homestead: $10.
F. A. and E. Irene Davis to John L. Ferren,
lot on E line of Victoria street, 150 X of Rail
road avenue, N 50 by E 100, lots 11 and 12, block
40, City Land Association; $150.
Alameda County.
A. H. and Fanny C. Blow, L. R. and Mary
V. Weil to W. W. Martin, lot on E line of
Alice street, 25 S of Seventh, S 50 by E 75,
block 62, quitclaim deed, Oakland; $1100.
First National Bank of Oakland to same, lot
on E line of Alice street, 75 S of Seventh. S 50
by E 75, block 62. Oakland; $1100.
Margaret T. and Pleates Fry to Maude W.
Potter, lot on E line of Filbert street. 86:8 S
of West Eighteenth. S 25 by E 100, block 594
Market-street Tract, Oakland; $100.
G. W. Metcalf and W. H. Checkering
(trustees estate of John D. Demlng) to Inez
F. Deming and Sarah W. Haynes, lot on SW
corner of Bay place and Broadway, W 153:1. S
118:4, E 122:10. N 122 to beginning, being lots
42. 41. 26, 25 and 24, Lincoln Homestead Union.
Oakland; also lot on SE corner of Eighth and
Clay streets, E 70 by S 100, being the W 70 feet
of lots 5 to H, block 75, Oakland; also lot on S
line of Fourth street, 96:4 E of Market. E 25 by
S 100, block 100, Oakland; also lot on X line of
Francisco street, 120 W of Hamilton. W 120
by X 270:9, being lota 2 and 9, block 1. State
University Homestead Association No. 5,
Berkeley: $10.
Christian Schwarting to H. Turn Suden, lot
on NE line of East Fourteenth street. 40 SE
of Twenty-first avenue, SE 40 by NE 140, block
24, San Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
S. B. L. and Pauline Spanggord to H. J:
Knowles (trustee), lots 5 and 6, block G.
Knowles and Potter subdivision of Kennedy
Tract, East Oakland: $1800.
Frederick Boegle (by commissioner) to Mar
garet O"NeilI. lot 18, block J, Golden Gate
Tract, Oakland Annex; $225.
Margaret O'Neill to Chapln A. Martin, same;
$10.
Leah F. Mott to Josephine M. Forbes, lot on
E line of Sherman street, 50 S of Clinton
avenue, S 40, E 125, N 40, W 150 to" beginning,
being portion of Fitch and Sharon Tract, Ala
m°da: $10.
Martha B. and Mary J. Smith to John J.
and Delia Foley, lot on W line of Pine rtren.
75 S oi Seward, S 30 by W 05, block 703. Oak
land; $10.
Solon Pattee to Bank of California, lot on
NW corner of Forty-eighth street and Shattuck
avenue, NW 149. W 229 to center of Temescal
Creek, thence down center of said creek to
a point in middle of said creek where X line
of Forty-eighth street touches said point,
thence E 326.75 to beginning, lots 1 and 2, 6
to 9, block 2121, Alden Tract at Temescal: ex
cept N portion of lot 6, conveyed to S. N.
Harrison. Oakland Annex; $10.
E. S. Angel to G. W. and Emma M. Prescott,
lot on NE corner of Moss avenue and Ruby
street, SE 50:6. N 119:4, W 50, S 112 to begin
ning, lots 30 and 31. Oakland Railroad Home
stead, subject to mortgage, Oakland Annex;
$10.
Robert and Eleanor L. Bonner to Nellie A.
Chase, lot on N line of Carlton street. 412:6
W of Fulton, W 37:6 by N 135, block 1426, Blake
Tract, Maps 1 and 2, quitclaim deed, Berkeley;
$10.
Builders' Contracts.
Robert G. Langrebe (owner) with J. Blller
and F. H. Qualman (Biller & Qualman) (con
tractors), architects Wright & Sanders. AH
work except plumbing and tinning and provid
ing finishing hardware and mantels for frame
residence on E line of Van Ness avenue, 100
N of Union street, N 37:6 by E 1O7:11V4: $2166.
Jacob Schutten (owner) with Val Franz (con
tractor), architect H. Geilfuss. Raising, mov
ing, excavating, brick and carpenter work,
plastering, to make a two-story frame build
ing and basement on SB corner of Sacramento
and Lyon streets, S 25 by E 10fi:3; $2873.
BAD CASE OF ABSENT-MIXDEDNESS.
There is a certain lawyer with an office
high up in the Society for Savings build
ing who is developing a strong absent
minded tendency.
A day or two ago he was writing a let
ter and jumped up suddenly to run to the
little stand on which reposed the big dic
tionary.
Ah he raised the cover of the volume he
stopped short like a man bewildered.
"What's the matter, old fellow?" called
out one of his partners.
"I declare." said the absent-minded
man, "I've clean forgotten the word I
meant to look for."
"Well, say," called the partner, "why
don't you commence at the beginning and
look until you find it?"
"By George." said the victim, "I never
thought of that!"
And opening up the dictionary at ' the
first page he began his lengthy task.
A moment later he suddenly slammed
the book shut and uttpred something that
sounded like a very naughty word stalked
back to his desk.— Cleveland Plaindealer.
THE CALL"S CALENDAR,
December, IR9B.
I
To.
We
3
sa.
I
Mooa> Phases.
jtq-Lsun Quarier,
: 0.
li
13
a)
14
IT
2>
B
17
14
/t^v . New Moon.
December 13.
-jk First Quarter,
-J' December 19
■O\ Full Moon.
December 37.
C
U
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6.
Sun rises 7:12
Sun sets 4:50
Moon rises 0:00 a. m.
0 I Time Time Time Time!
» I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
n> |H W L W H W L W
6 ... 6:32 4.91 11:49 2.4 5:17. 3.4 11:02 1.6
7 ... 6:04 6.0 i 12:41 1.9 6:42 3.4 11:49 2.2
8 ... C:3B 5.2 1:32 1.3 8:02 3.4
L"WHW L W H W
9 ... 0:38 2.6 7:12 6.5 2:22 0.8 9:17 3.5
10 ... 1:28 2.8 7:50 6.7 3:10 0.3 10:22 3.8
U ... 2:18 3.0 B:S2 5.9 S:SB| — 0.2| 11:20 4.0
12 ... 3:10 3.1! 9:18 6.1 4:45|— 0.7|
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column elves the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Hupeh
Weentt
Alliance
State
Hupeh China and Japan Dec 6
Weentt Yaquina Bay Dec. 6
Alliance Portland Dec 6
South Portland. Portland Dec' 6
State California Portland Dec." 6
Australia (Honolulu " Dec S
Chllkat IHmnboldt '..". De c ; g
Mackinaw iTaeoma !'"|Dec 6
Progreso (Seattle '.|Dec 6
Ruth Tillamook Bay .... ' Dec' 6
Corona fSan Diego Dec' 7
Bristol [Departure Bay .... " Dec' 7
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Piiget Sound Dec.' 8
City of Peking- China and Japan.. 'Dec 9
Pomona IHumboldt '" Dec 8
Lakme (Puget Sound '.'" Dec' 8
City of Panama; Panama Dec' 9
Cleveland Puget Sound '...'. Dec' 9
Orizaba Newport Dec 9
Curacao Mexico "'.'.'.' Dec 9
Wellington [Departure Bay ! Dec. 10
Columbia 'Portland ... Dec 11
Santa Rosa jSan Diego ]' Dec" 11
Arcata ICoos Bay Dec 12
Del Norte ICrescent City Dec! 12
North Fork IHumboldt Dec 12
Coos Bay iNewport .'JDec' 13
I matilla iVlctoria & Puget SoundlDec. 13
Signal lAstorla Dec 13
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
C. Nelson.. Pug(
Alliance ... Oreg
Coos Bay... New
Quepn | Vie ,
Chilkat ...JHuit
■W'eeott ITaqi
Arcata jCooa
Peru Pans
State of Call Port
Corona 'San
Pomona IHun
Orizaba INew
Walla Wall I Vie
Santa Rosa I San
nation. Sails. Pier.
Sound.. Dec. 6. 10 am Pier 2
n Ports. | Dec. 6, 10 am j Pier 20
art IDec. 7, 9 am Pier 11
Ptrt Sd.fDec. 7, 10 amfpter 9
oldt ....IDec. 7. 2 pmlPter 13
na Bay.l Dec. 7, 10 amlPier 13
Jay IDec. 7, 10 amlPier 13
la Dec. 8.12 miPMSt.
md Dec. 9. 10 amjPier 24
•le»ro Dec. 9. 14 ami Pier 11
oldt ....IDec. 10. 2 pmlPier 9
art IDec. 11. 9 amlPier 11
Pgt SdJDec. 12. 10 am' Pier 9
legfo IDec. 13. 11 amjPier 11
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographtc
Offtce, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the XTnlted States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Ltputennnt. T. S. N.. In charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 5, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 9
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. XL S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, December 6.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 22 hours from Usal.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. 45 hours from Coos Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay. Gielow, 74 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, 16 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Westport, Peters, 43 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Scotia, Thompson, 18 hours from Cas
par.
Ptmr Empire, Nelson, 53 hours from Coos
Bay.
Schr Monterey, 16 hours from Bowens Land
ing. /
CLEARED.
Monday, December 6.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Anderson, Seattle; B T
Kruse.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Perk-
Ins & Co.
Br ship Glencalrd, English. London; G W
Me Near.
Ital bark Mario, Gtflero. Sydney; J J Moore
& Co.
SAILED.
Monday, December S.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander; San Diego.
Btmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Sunol. Jacobs.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, Tacoms.
Ship Sintram, Larsen, Thomas.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Btmr Arcata. at San. Francisco Dec 8.
from Coos Bay — Tjie black buoy off the end ot
Coos Bay Jetty is gone.
CHARTERS
The Allerton loads wheat at Portland for
Europe, 335; Grenada, wheat at Tacoma for
Europe, private.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS, Dec 5, 10 p m— Wind NB;
velocity 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec s— Ft bark
Colbert, from Table Bay; stmr Umatilla, hence
Dec 2.
Sailed Dec s— Ger ship Pax. for Buenos Ay
res.
Passed Dec 4 — Br ship Riverside, from Vic
toria, for — .
In port Dec s—Haw5 — Haw ship Star of Italy, from
Port Ludlow, for Port Pirle.
POINT REYES— Passed Dec s— Aus stmr
Slam, from Nanalmo, for Port Los Angeles.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 4— Schr Laura
May, for San Pedro; schr Jennie Stella, for
Redondo: schr Pioneer, for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec s— Bktn Tarn
O'Shanter, hence Nov 26.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec s— Schr Prosper, from
Port Townsend; schr Glondale. from San Pedro.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Dec 4— Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec s— Schr Corinthian, hence Nov 21.
PORT LUDl^W— Arrived Deo 5-rSchr Mil
dred, from Kahului.
ET^REKA— Sailed Dec s— Stmr Chilkat. for
San Francisco; schr John A. for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec s— Stmr South Coast, hence
Dec 2.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec s— Jap bark Tenkie
Maru, for Yokohama; Ger bark Paul Isen
berg, for Bremen; Ger ship Christine, for
Queenstown; Br bark Beeswing, for Queens
town; Br ship Mooltan. for Queenstown.
CASPAR— Arrived Dec s— Schr Rio Rey, hno
NOV 22.
SKATTCE— Arrived Dec— Stmr Laurada, from
Alaska; stmr Al-Ki, from Dyea; Br ship Riv
erside, from Vancouver.
COOS BAY— Arrived Dec s— Stmr Wing and
Wing, hence Nov 10.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SAXTA ROSALlA— Arrived Xov 21— Br ship
Star of France, from Cardiff. Xov 22 — Bark
Vldette, from Victoria. Xov 27— Schr Albert
Meyer, from Frays Harbor.
In port Xov 29 — Ger ship Margaretha: Br
ship Falklnndhnnk: Br ship I^evernbank.
Gl'AYMAS— Arrived Xov 2S— Ger ship Pera,
from Mazatlan; will sail for Iqulque. Xov 19—
Sehr Eva. from Grays Harbor; to sail Dec S
for Eureka.
CAFE TO WX- Arrived Dec I— Br ship Ar
dencraig, hence Aug 27.
Sailed Nov 14 — Br ship Dunslaw. for Port
Elizabeth.
WATERFORD— Arrived Dec 2— Br bark An
daman, from Oregon.
SYDXEYi-Pailed Xov 15— Br stmr Warrimoo,
for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Pec 2— Br stmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver.
A<--,\FrT,CO-Sailed Dec 2— Stmr City of Pa
nama, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Dec S— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco. •
MELBOURNE— Arrived Dec s— Schr Carrier*
Dove, from Port Blakeley.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec s— Stmr Lucanla,|
from New York; stmr Sylvnala, from Boston;'
stmr ("unc. from New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Assyria,
from Baltimore.
Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Palatia. for New York.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Dec 5 — Stmr
Waesland. from Liverpool.
BREMEN— SaiIed Dec s— Stmr Munchen, for
Baltimoro.
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived Dec s— Stmr Za
ragosa. from New York.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
tat Steamers leave Broadway
tyjhjiw^ wharf, San Francisco:
! iwMffisSk For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
tjl^&Spaik Dec. 2, 7. 12, 17. 22. 27, Jan. 1,
&EL SSIvV-l change at Seattle.
IffEi^n 3EI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Mffit rfrtiffil C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
i^^^EsS I Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
~M1TIB«' and New Whatcom ■ (Wash.).
■^ 10 a. m., Dec. 2, 7, 12. 17, 22.
27 Jan 1 and every fifth day thereafter,
change at Seattle to this company's steamert
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry., at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m Dec.
6 10. 15. 20. 25. 30, Jan. 4, arid every fifth day
1 IFor af Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Ckyucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9a. m., Dec. 3. 7. 11, 15. 19, JX. 27. 31,
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. - Fort
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles, 11 a.
m Dec. 1, 5, 9.-13. 17. 21, 25, 29. Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter. . "
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose eel
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Dec. 15, Jan.
12.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar"^ r*"ara of sniUner.
fICKKT OFFICE-* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berthj
IMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 24, Dec. i. 14, !4
6TATE OF CAL. sails.... Nov. 29, Dec. 9, 19. 2>
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatiantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday Jrffggfs
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North «MNBk
River, foot of Morton street.
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31
LA GASCOGNE ~r---\ Jan - 7
First class to Havre, $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre HZ. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
>55?&>v3KS 1 K!R33$ S " S - AUSTRALIA
( T^SMi!l? 3 *QSa2»f Salls for Honolulu
Km J& \ Sjr*, gg ""™t~ Wednesday, December
Hl'Cti>£ift! ->. 1*- at 2 d. m.
PKSPMIIifI The S. - AUSTRALIA
fiJffflillfc?? 115 for Honolulu
rfc*" a "" w Wednesday. December
V ->. !*• at 2 d. m.
'Oa^iL-L* \, The S. S. ALAMEDA
ife^^oiPflfflSPiD 11 - sails via Honolulu and
»^£S? Auckland for Sydney
Ic^Fr (OniS3Ry* ednesday. December
Line to COOLGARDIE". Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
■ : 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francleco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YABD AHD YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Bat
9:4" a. m., 3:13 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays l p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. ra.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 1
Telephone Main 150S-STATESMEN RALLY
TO CONSIDER THE
NATION'S AFFAIRS
Continued from First Page.
vere much more numerous than usual, i
Pome of them were of gigantic size, |
completely concealing the recipients.
There 'ere huge baskets of roses, an- ;
ehors, horsefehoea and Uoral pieces of j
«nany designs.
At 11:45 the floor was cleared of all I
those not entitled to the privilege. The i
lenders, as a rule, were late in arriving,
but as they appeared they wore sur
rounded and cordially greeted. Hitt
of Illinois, chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs; Dalzell of Penn
sylvania, one of the members of the
Committee on Rules, and Henderson of
lowa of the same committee were each
given an ovation.
Dingley, the floor leader of the ma
y. ami Bailey, the minority leader,
In simultaneously from the lob
bies of their respective sides. Bailey
went immediately to his seat and Mr. I
Dingley, as soon as he could disengage j
hims« If from the friends who crowded :
about him, crossed over to the Demo- |
cratic side and shook hands with his i
leal adversary.
As the hands of the clock pointed to
. the giant form of the Speaker
pushed through the green baize doors
of the lobby in the rear of the hall and
■Reed ascended the rostrum. A wave
y 'f applause swept floor and galleries
his appearance. A slight smile
I layed over his benign features as he
i his iravel aloft. When it fell with
unding whack a hush fell on the
mblage.
The blind chaplain stood In his place.
A moment the Speaker waited, with
. eye riveted upon him. Every
m< mber rose to his feet and many in
xhf galleries.
"The chaplain will offer prayer," an
ihe Speaker in low tones.
la were bowed reverently as the
chaplain, in eloquent words, invoked
the divine blessing, giving praise for
the victory that had attended our arms
and th<> peace which had come, and
asking for strength and wisdom to face
the new problems which confronted the
nation.
At the conclusion of the chaplain's
er, the Speaker announced that the
first business in order would be a call
ie roll to determine the presence of
a Quorum. While the responses were
being made General Wheeler of Ala
bama came in and took his seat in the
room immediately in front of the
ker's rostrum. He was instantly
unded by half a hundred members
received the ovation of the day.
The rollcall developed the presence of
mb< rs, 179 being a quorum. Three
memtx ra were sworn in. Grosve-
T of Ohio presented Charles Dick,
ted to fill the vacancy caused by
] •■.uh of Northway; Allen of Mls
ppi, Thomas Spight, elected to fill
the vacancy caused by the resignation
•' Mr. Sullivan, who was elected to the I
te, and Grow of Pennsylvania, j
William H. Graham, elected to fill the
-> i ncy caused by the resignation of ]
• . elected Governor of Pennsylva-
With uplifted hands they took
the oath.
-ley, the floor leader, offered the i
customary resolution for the appoint- j
m°nt of a committee of three to join a
similar committee of the Senate to
: upon the President and inform
him that the House was ready to re- i
eive any communication he had to
. It was unanimously adopted,
1 the Sp- aker appointed Dingley, \
anon and Bailey.
A resolution was adopted instructing '
'erk of the Senate that the House
■ roceed to business. The
then took a recess until 1:30 to
■ ffi€ arrival of the President's
s - a ge.
When the IT^use reconvened after !
•hr- recess, the committee appointed to
fipon the President appeared and
ported that they had discharged their
• n and that tho President had
• ;hat he would communicate with
resa immediately in writing.
Dingley had hardly made this report
Major Pruden, the President's
executive clerk, appeared and an
nounced the message of the President.
The seal of the envelope in which the
■ intained was broken by
r himself, and it was Imme
diately laid before the House. The
members on the floor and the specta
•■ is in thr> galleries then settled them
i and pave the reading earnest at
■>n.
The President's review of the causes
Dg up to the war. the manner in
which the preparations for hostilities
made and the succession of vic
tories on land and sea were listened
to with rapt attention. The other pro
visions of the message were followed
with almost as much interest. There
was no expression of approval or dis
approval through the reading. As
sor.n as th»^ reading was concluded, on
motion of Dingley the message was
ordered printed, and then at 3:50 p. m.
tho House adjourned.
ESTIMATES OF PACIFIC
COAST APPROPRIATIONS
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— Following are
estimates of appropriations for the Pacific
Coast submitted to Congress by the Sec
retary of the Treasury to-day:
Assistant Treasurer. San Francisco Salaries,
$27,120; miscellaneous expenses, $3300; checks
anl ■rifts, $15,000 (rendered necessary for extra
demands upon disbursing offices owing to the
reef-nt war with Spain).
r'arnon. Nev., Mmt — Salaries, $."000; work
men's wages, $7501-: contingent,. s3ooo.
San Francisco Mint-Salaries*. $41,000; wages
of workmen, $175,000; contingent, $45,000.
Alaska government— Salaries,' s3o,ooo; conting
ent expenses $2000.
Arizona Territory government— Salaries, $18,
000: contingent. $300; legislative, $2000. !
Surveyor General for Arizona— Salary, $2000;
clfrks. $5000. _:-';:t*
.Alaska Surveyor General — Salary. $2000;
cU-rka, $I*oo.
California Surveyor General— Salary, $2000;
clerks. $12,0rt0.
Nevada Surveyor General — Salary, $1500;
clerks. . $1500. ' ;
An appropriation of $50,000 Ib asked for Irri
gation Investigation, which la an Increase of
$40,000 over last year. Investigating production
of domestic sugar, $7000; for Investigation of
agricultural resources of Hawaii, Porto Rico,
Cuba and Philippines, $50,000.
Naval training station Goat Island, viz—Erec
tion'of buildings, wharf, etc., $50,000; mainten
ance of unit, $30,000.
Mare Island Navy-yard— Clerks, messengers,
etc., $4607: repairs to construction plant. Mare
Island, $25.v00 (decrease of ■■.525,000 over last
years" appropriation).
Support ana education of Digger Indiana or
California— s2s,ooo.
Indian school. Carßon— s4l,sso; Mojave, Ariz.,
$36.B»0: Perrls, Cal.. $27.5.'0; Phoenix, Ariz.,
$112.?<V>" g-'-— . '.., . $02,600.
rtmrt liouse. Penitentiary and offices ' for
Governor and other federal officers of Alaska—
$110 000. Completion Portland. Or., public build
ing, $200,000.
W^r continuing work on the San Francisco
public bundling. $500,000.
Port .Townnend Marine Hospital— New fence
an.l mortuary, $2000. , ■■""•- ':
Fan Francisco Marine Hospital—lmprove
ments to station, including officers' quarters
ami assistant surgeons' quarters, necropsy
rooms and mortuary, roadway and improvement
of water system and electric light plant, $20,300.
Completion San Diego- Quarantine Station,
$13,250. • .....
San Francisco Quarantine Station (Including
telephone to mainland, coal shed, boiler for
steam disinfection and Improvements to water
eystem), $7500; crematory. $1250. '
Port Townsend Quarantine Station, 127.R00
Light stations— Cape Mendoclno, $6300; Part
Hucneme. $3000; Banta Barbara, $7600; Point
Pino* $2000; Quarry Point, $6000; Pigeon Point,
$5000; Port Arguello. $35,000. The Secretary
says the latter is a prominent point twelve
miles north of Conception and one of the fog
giest regions of the Pacific Coast; a sharp
bend In the coast here makes It particularly
durable that the proper aids should be estab
lished; New York Slough, $10,000; Point Sur,
$fW>O: Point Buehon. ' $33,000.
The following aids, are required for the
Twelfth and Thirteenth- lighthouse Districts:
Construction of first-class *team light vessel
with steam fog signal for use on Pacific Coast.
$S0.000; similar vessel for Blunfs Reef, off
rape Mendoclno. $?0,000: steam tender for
Twelfth Lighthouse District for construction
and repair work: $90,000. ■ " ' '
Improvements at Mare Island Navy lard—
I Quay wall. $72,000: crematory, $7500; tools for
machine shop, $4000; extension and renewal of
railroad, $20,000: fire engine house, $7000; addi
tional storehouse, $4000; block makers',' coopers'
and varnishing shop, $16,000; dredging channel
! and anchorage ground, . $100,000; timber shed.
! $26,250; apartment house for junior and other
: officers, $15,000; sidewalks and roads, $5000;
] boat sloop, $72,000; machine shop,' $34 000 ; grad
i ing and paving streets, $6000; building for stor
; Inn and handling guns, $22,000; moving back
: ferry Blip, $10,000; shipwrights' shop. $75,000;
FtPam engineering machine shop and foundry.
$150,000; grading yard, $100,000; total, $851,750.
Puget Sound Station— ss3,soo. '
Arsenal, Benlcla— Pump house, $2000; fences.
I $4000: shipping storehouse, $1500; iron boundary
fence, $22,000; gas or gasoline engine, $1800.
Rivers and Harbors— Humboldt harbor. Call
lol?£'l o l?£' I 1"I 1 "' 113: Oakland harbor. California,
; $133,000; San Pedro harbor, California, $400,000;
I » aklma Pay, Oregon, $400,000; Gray's Harbor.
Washington $:,00,000; San Diego harbor, $SO,000:
San Luis Obl*po harbor. $75,000; Coos Bay and
harbor. $100,000; Tlllamook Hay and harbor, $25,
; 000; Everett harbor. $50,000: Olympla harbor.
$20,000; Petaluma Creek. $4000; Sacramento and
, leather rivers, $25,000: San Joaquin River,
! *200 0° : Upper Columbia and Snake rivers. $10,
000; Columbia at Cascades, $100,000: Columbia
below Tongue Point, $40,000; Lower Willamette.
$1.'C,000; Coqullle. $40,000; Upper Coqullle. $15.
000; ££«halls, $30,000: Puget Sound and tribu
tarj^^ers, $25,000; Swenomish Slough, $25,000.
CWnere exclusion act, for enforcement same
—$110,000.
Santa Monica Soldiers' Home— s3os,ooo.
APPROPRIATIONS NEEDED
FOR THE FISCAL YEA
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— ln conformity
■with the requirements of the law. the Sec
: retary of the Treasury to-day transmitted
1 to Congress the estimates of approprla-
I tlons required for the service of the fiscal
i year ending June 30, 1900, as furnished by
the several executive departments. These
estimates, including permanent annual
appropriations, aggregate $r.93,048.378, as
against $$08,873,513, the amount of the ap
j proprlations, including the deficiencies
i and miscellaneous, for the fiscal year 1898,
I and also ?4t>2,G47,a4u, the amount of the es*
| timates for IS»9. Following is the total
recapitulation, cent 6 being omitted:
Legislative establishment — Estimated
1900 14,476,995; estimate for 1899, $4,4G0,532.
Executive establishment— Estimates for
1900, $22 308,112: estimates for 1599. $20,020,484.
Judicial establishment— Estimates for
! 1900, $707,620; estimates for ISP9, $CS2.tiSO.
Foreign intercourse— Estimates for 1900,
i $1,833,028; estimates for 1899, 51.550.428.
Military establishment— Estimates for
K-00, $145,119,431; estimate for 1899, $24,
i 620.043.
Naval Establishment-Estimates for
i 1<»). $30,114,602; estimates for 1899, $29,-
Indian affairs— Estimates for 1900, $7,
069,316; estimates for 1899, $7,373,617.
Pensions— Estimates for 1900, $145,223,-
B89; . stimates for 1899, 5141.207.7f>0.
Public works— Estimates for 1900, $56,
927.050; estimates for 1899, $73,365,134.
Postal service— Estimates for 1900, $4,
267,888; estimates for 1899, $6,048,112.
Miscellaneous — Estimates for- 1900,
$37,314.:»3; estimates for 1899. $35,187,402.
Permanent annual appropriations—Esti
mates for 1900, $125,678,220; estimates for
1117^86,220.
Grand n>tals-Estimates for 1900. $593,
048,878; .^timates for 1899, $462,647,885.
The appropriations for the military es
tablishment for the fiscal year 1899
amounted to J257.841.446, and for the naval
establishment to $107,516,465. For the mili
tary establishment, estimates for the year
19*X> covering the more important items,
together with an increase in each item on
estimates for 1899, are given as follows:
Contingencies of the army, (960,000; in
crease, $432,000; pay and traveling ex
penses of the army, $5,430,909; increase,
$41.44.1.842;4 1.44.1. 842; subsistence of the army, $i?,
682,437, increase about $1(5.000,000; regular
supplies for quartermaster's department,
! $14,000,000, increase $12.0i<0; incidental ex-
I penses of quartermaster's department,
$3,900,000, increase $3,300,000; transportation
I of army and supplies. $29,813,875. increase
I about $27,300,000; clothing and camp and
garrison equipage, $14,744,431. increase
about $13,600,000; barracks and quarters,
$2,500,000, Increase $1,750,000; medical and
hospital department, $2,100,200. increase
i $1,975,000; ordnance, ordnance stores and
I supplies, $1,755,000. increase $1,150,000;;
I manufacture of arms, $800,000, increase
$400,000.
For the naval establishment the follow
i ing are the principal items known:
Pay of tho navy, $13,226,440. increase
about $4,500,000; increase nf the navy, $10,
392.402, increase about $1.750. 000; mainten
ance gf naval training station at Yerba
Buena Island, California, $30,000 (new);
equipment ••{ vessels, $2,225,480. increase
$741 827; provisions, $3,000,000. increase
$1,600,000; construction and repair. $3,000,
00 Q. increase $500,000.
Following are among the items submit
ted by the lighthouse service:
To complete station near Point Arguello,
Cal $35,000; at entrance to San Joaquin
River Cal., $10 .000; at Point Buchon, Cal.,
$33 000; at Middle Ground, Columbia River,
Or $24 000: on Burrows Island. Wash..
$13 000; at Semiahmoo Bay. Wash.. $25,
i 000; for light vessels oft Cape Mendocino,
Cal 190,000; improvements at Mare Island
I navy yard. Cal.. $851,750
The total amount asked for fortlflca
i tions and other works of defense is $12,-
I 151.900.
I The total amount asked for continuing
I or completing improvements of rivers and
! harbors is $28,523,773, the items including
the following: Humboldt harbor and bay,
California. $143,115; harbor at Oakland,
Ciil, H33.006; breakwater at San Pedro,
! Cal.. $400,000: harbor at Yaquina Bay, Or.,
! $400,000; Grays Harbor.Wash., 500,000: Co
lumbia River at Cascades, $100,000; Colum
bia and Lower Willamette rivers, below
Portland, $150,000; entrance to Coos Bay
and harbor, Or., $100,000.
The Postmaster General estimates the
I deficiency in the postal revenues for 1900
iat $4 265,888. The estimate for army and
! navy pensions is $144,000,000; cost of pen
sions service, $1,233,830.
EARLY DEBATE ON WAR
QUESTIONS EXPECTED
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— early de
bate on war questions Is expected in the
House in connection with the deficiency
appropriation bill, which is devoted ex
clusively to items for the army and navy.
The bill was practically completed to-day,
and will be finally passed on in committee
to-morrow and then presented to the
House. Chairman Cannon of the "Appro
priation Committee said to-day that he
hoped to bfßin consideration of the bill
oa "Wednesday and to pass It before '.he
end of the week. He hardly thought there
would be any general opening up of war
questions just now, although if the debate
ran into such channels he thought it
might as well come now as any time.
FIRST HOUSE dILL
FOR GOLD STANDARD
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— Representa
tive Cousins of lowa haß the honor of
Introducing the first bill Into the House
at this session of Confess. It Is entitled
"n I> i 1 1 declaring the standard of value In
the I'nited States" and provides that the
standard "Is hereby declared to he and is
the standard gold dollar of twenty-five
and eight-tenths grains of standard gold,
nine hundred fine."
COMMITTEE ON BANKING
AND CURRENCY TO MEET
WASHINGTON, Doc. s.— Chairman
Walker has called a meeting of the House
Committee on Hanking and Currency for
Wednesday, which Is expected to ascer
tain the opinions of the committee on cur
rency legislation. Walker is not sanguine
of anything being done at the present ses
sion, as he considers the time too short
for the consideration of so comprehensive
a subject.
DINGLEY CALLS THE
WAYS AND MEANS
WASHINGTON, Dec. s.— Representative
Dingley has called a meeting of the Ways
and Means Committee for to-morrow for
the purpose of distributing to the various
committees the subjects treated in the
President's messaee, at which time a pro
gramme for the session's work probably
will be outlined^
FOR A DEEP CHANNEL
IN THE MISSISSIPPI
WASHINGTON, Dec. 3.— Representative
Myer of Louisiana to-day introduced in
the House a bill appropriating $12,000,000
for the construction of a wide deep chan
nel from the deep water of the Missis
sippi River to the deep water of the Gulf
of Mexico, via Southwest Pass. The chan
nel by the terms of the bill, lfl to be SOO
feet wide and thirty-live deep, and con
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 0, 1898.
forms, so Myer says, to the recommenda
tions of the board appointed last winter
by the War Department under a resolu
tion of Congress.
JOE WHEELER THE
CENTER OF ATTRACTION
WASHINGTON. Dec. 6.— Major General
Wheeler was th« center of attraction
when he appeared in the House to-day
to resume his Congressional duties.
He arrived last night from the camp in
Alabama where his troops are stationed.
General Wheeler said he probably would
resign from the army, but his plans were
not yet definitely fixed.
'•If there is to be any more fighting: I
want to stay in the army," said the gen
eral, "but if the fighting is over I want
to return to civil life."
WHEELMAN DISPLAYS
MARVELOUS ENDURANCE
Bides Over Three Hundred and Four-
teen Miles Without Dis
mounting.
NEW YORK, Dec. s.— Frank Waller of
Boston has broken the only record up to
the present time in the six days' bicycle
race at Madison-square Garden. He now
holds the world's record for continuous
riding. He left his wheel at 4:10 o'clock
this afternoon, having ridden 314 miles
and 8 laps in sixteen hours and ten min
utes without dismounting, beating last
year's record of 272 miles made by Steph-
ane.
Waller took a short rest, losing two
places in the contest, Pierce, followed by
Miller, passing him. At the end of the
seventeenth hour Pierce was about five
mileß behind Waller's record of last year.
The record made by hours to-day fell short
three or four miles of those made last
year. Falls were more frequent this year
than last. Eight spills occurred to-day,
but none of the riders were seriously
hurt.
Miller aroused the greatest enthusiasm
this afternoon by Betting a wonderful
pace for many laps. Fredericks, Is awn
and Pierce were entirely outclassed for a
while, and only the veteran Waller was
able to stick to the champion and main
tain his relative position. Again and
asrain, amidst wild cries of delight from
thousands of throats, Miller spurted and
tried to shake off the tenacious Waller,
but the big German knew well that with
two miles to the good to keep up with
Miller was his end of the game, and he
held his own. „i_ ..
NEW YORK, Dec. 6— The scores of the fif
teen leaders at 2 o'clock were:
Miles. . Miles
Pierce 47l ! Hale 471
Miller 470;Aronson *>2
Waller 465 Schlnneer 400
Nairn 448 Pilktngton 391
Jimm 442 Turcille g|
Stevens 444 Julius 3.3
Lawson 427 Monachon 3iO
Albert 425.
INSURES PROTECTION
TO FOREIGN RESIDENTS
Imperial Decree Issued by the
Empress Dowager of
China.
WASHINGTON. Dec. s.— The Secretary
of State has received a copy of a decree
recently issued by the Empress of China
having for its object the better protection
of foreign residents in that country. The
decree says in part:
From the opening of ports to foreign trade
to the present time foreigners and Chinese have
been as of one family with undivided Interests,
and since missionaries from foreign countries
are living In the Interior we have decreed,
not three or four times, hut many times, that
the local officers must protect them and that
the gentry and people of all provinces must
sympathize with our desire for mutual torn
lence; that they mußt treat them truthfully
and honestly, without dislike or suspicion, with
the hope of lasting peaceful relations.
SPAIN DEPRIVED OF
TRADE PRIVILEGES
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— A "Washington
special to the Herald says: It developed
to-day that the Cabinet meeting held
late Saturday night was for the pur
pose of discussing: propositions made by
Spain for trad privileges in the Philip
pines and her former West Indian pos
sessions. It was determined not to
grant the concessions asKea.
ANDREWS HAS NOT RESIGNED.
Retains His Position as Superinten
dent of Chicago Schools.
CHICAGO, Dec. s.— During the greater
part of the day the report was current
that Superintendent Andrews of the pub
lic school system, who recently came here
from Brown University, had offered his
resignation, but to-night the story was
denied. For some time there has been
trouble between Superintendent Andrews
and the Board of Education over the mat
ter of appointments, each desiring lo
possess the power of making them. There
seems to be no doubt that a letter of
resignation was actually written oy th«
Superintendent, but it was intercepted by
friends before reaching the board offi
cially and the matter amicably adjusted.
Both sides have at least signed the pro
tocol, giving the coveted power to Super
intendent Andrews, and It Is believed the
formal treaty of peace will be made bind
ing to-morrow.
ELECTION CONTEST FILED.
Assessor Anderson of Monterey
County Declares He Was
"Counted Out."
SALINAS, Dec. s— Although defeated on
the official count by sixty-seven votes,
County Assessor W. A. Anderson this
afternoon filed a contest of the election of
J. B. Bennett. Anderson alleges that in
numerous precincts votes cast for him
were counted for Bennett and that if a
recount is made he will be elected by 5
plurality.
The fight for the Asseesorshlp was one
of the hottest ever known In Monterey
County. It was alleged in experts' reports
that during the years 1895 and 1896 An
derson was short $1800. He repaid this
sum, claiming the shortage was due to
clerical errors. Great interest is taken
in the contest.
EXTENDED TOUR TABOOED.
Faculty Committee Rules Against
Stanford Musical Clubs.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 5.-
The faculty committee on student affairs
to-day refused to give the musical or
ganizations permission to make a concert
tour to Denver during the holidays. The
committee declared Itself opposed to ex
tended trips, as some of the former tours
are reported to have excited criticism be
cause of the action of certain members of
the clubs. The executive committee of the
student body has already given the clubs
authority to make the trip and many of
the arrangements have been made. The
action of the faculty committee will quash
the project. It came as a surprise to the
clubs.
Football CTaze Strikes Auburn.
AUBURN, Dec. s.— Auburn has the foot
ball craze. The first match was played
to-day between the high school and gram
mar school boys. Association rules con
trolled, and neither eleven was able to
score. Both teams were backed by a
crowd of enthusiastic supporters.
Divorce Couple Remarried.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. s.— Dr. Donald
McC. Gedge of 116 Stockton street, San
Francipco, who was divorced from his
wife, Mrs. Daisy Lucentia Gedg» about
six months ago, procured a license from
County Clerk Bonneau to-day and was
reunited to her by Justice Gardner.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Hush and Larkln sta. Swimming, Hue Jan. hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
DID DR. JOHNSON EAT HORSEP
Dr. Johnson in his journal mentions the
Interesting fact that he had on a certain
day had "palfrey for dinner." Now these
three words have caused not a little
trouble to the critics, and for this rea
son, that they know not what palfrey
really is. It has been suggested that pal
frey is a clerical error made by the doc
tor himself for pastry. But the doctor
wrote so legibly, and there is so much
difference between the words palfrey and
pastry, that his position is not at all ten
able. Palfrey is defined in Johnson's cele
brated dictionary as "a small horse fit
for ladies," and some have thought that
the doctor (whose feats as a trencher
man were notorious) may have broken a
record on the day in question and dis
posed of a small horse. All these and
other conjectures are wrong, and we will
proceed to give the correct explanation.
The word palfrey (sometimes pamfrey
by the interchange of 1 and m) is still
in use among the rustics of Scotland and
the North of Ireland, and means young
cabbages when they first come to table
in the spring. Such cabbages have not
begun to "close," or become solid in the
center. They are generally spoken of as
"early pamfrey." and are considered a
luxury. Dr. Johnson probably picked up
the word from his friend Boswell. or from
some other Scotch acquaintance.— Notes
and Queries.
WANT THE RUINS REMOVED.
Merchants in the Vicinity of the
Baldwin Ask Chief Sullivan
to Take Action.
The growing dissatisfaction of the pub
lic over the fact that tottering walls of
the Baldwin Hotel are yet standing, a
menace to the lives of crowds of people
who hourly pass the place, has culminated
in an appeal to Chief Sullivan of the t ire
Department. The petitioners state that
E. J. Baldwin refuses to permit the dan
gerous walls to be removed, and request
Chief Sullivan to take the work in hand.
The following merchants, whose places of
business are in the neighborhood of the
unsightly ruins, have signed the petition:
Percy Beamish, Alfred Lilienfeld, John
Farley, Nolan Bros. Shoe Company, J.
P. Dunne & Co., Mlchalitschkeßros.&Co.,
Dun P. Carter, B. H. Lucke, Sam Dan
nenbaum. Central millinery store, W. A.
Strohmeir, American Crisp Company, D.
Cohn, Lubin & Co., Collins & Co., H. She
manski, W. H. Nolan & Co., The Wonder
millinery store, the Owl Drug Company
and fifty others.
WESLEY'S LETTERS.
Epistles Written by the Apostle of
Methodism to His Wife.
All the world knows that John Wes
ley's marriage was more or less a fail
ure, and some very interesting: letters
bearing on the subject will be sold at
Messrs. Sotheby's next month. They
extend from the year 1751 to 1778. The
earliest is dated from Tetsworth, March
27, 1751, and that is written in a very
affectionate style: "Oh, how can we
praise God enough for making us
helpsmeet for each other. lam utter
ly astonished at His goodness." Seven
years later he was writing in a very
different strain. The letter from which
we extract a few lines is dated Nor
wich, December 23, 1758:
"I was much concerned ye night be
fore L left London at your unkind and
unjust accusation. You accused me
of unkindness, cruelty and what not.
And why so? Because I Insist on
choosing my own company! Because
I insist by conversing, by speaking or j
writing, with those whom I (not you)
judge proper. For more than seven
years this has been a bone of conten
tion between you and me, and it is so
still. For I will not. I cannot, give
it up. But then you will rage and fret,
and call me names."
Nineteen years later (September 1,
1777) the reverend gentleman again re
turned to the attack: "Some years
since, without my consent and knowl
edge, you left me and settled at New
castle. I received you again without
any terms, nay, without any acknowl
edgment you had gone wrong. Two
years ago you left me again, without
my consent or knowledge. A few days
since I met you, and (to my great sur
prise) you seemed willing to return.
But, it may be asked, what reparation
are you either able or willing to make?"
Writing eleven months later from
Bristol (October 2, 1778) he observes:
"As it is doubtful, considering your age
and mine, whether we may meet any
more in this world, I think it right to
tell you my mind once for all without
either anger or bitterness." After al
luding to the fact that his wife left him
without his consent or knowledge, he
goes on to observe:
"Ever since (and, indeed, long before)
you have made my faults the constant
matter of your conversation. Now, sup
pose a husband has many faults, is it
the part of a prudent wife to nublish
(my real or supposed) faults, not to one
or two intimates only (though, perhaps,
that would have been too much), but
to all Bristol, to all London, to all Eng
land, to all Ireland. Yea, you did
whatever in you lay to publish it to all
the world, thereby designing 'to put a
sword into my enemies' hand 3.' "
The apostle of Methodism concludes
thus: "If you were to. live a thousand
years you could not undo the mischief
that you have done. And till you have
done all you can toward it I bid you
farewell."— London Telegraph.
HAS KILLED 6000 DOGS.
The local dog killer was telling his
story the other day. The man who was
assigned to slaughter all the stray dogs
that drifted to the pound was a member
of the police force, and he says his record
has passed the six thousand mark. To
kill 6000 dogs In the course of an ordinary
run of work Is not a record to be made
easily, and the killer thinks that he has
the largest list to his credit in the coun
try.
"I have always killed the dogs with a
parlor rifle," said the official executioner
fur canine prisoners, "and owing to the
fact that I am considered a good shot I
have had the bad luck to get the detail
a great many more times than I would
have ..Ked. Many a time have I gone to
the pound and found forty or fifty dogs
waiting there to be shot, and the minute
I would enter they would seem to know
my mission and try to avoid me. I always
used a small rifle, and it was therefore
necessary to hit the dogs square in the
brain in order to kill them quickly and
with as little pain as possible. I would
have to whistle to the prisoners to look
at me so I could get a fair aim. Well,
they would understand what I wanted so
well that they would turn and hang their
heads against the wall. Many a time have
I left the pen sick at heart with myself
and my Job.
"The most disagreeable experience I
ever had was with a little black and tan
terrier. There were forty-five dogs in the
pen one morning when I went in. and half
an hour later not one was on his feet.
It was customary for us to go about and
kick the dogs after they had been shot
to see if they were dead, and I was doing
this when the little terrier Jumped up and
made a break for liberty. He had been
'possuming,' and he was the deadest look
ing dog I ever saw until I kicked him.
When thp terrier got to the gate and
found it locked he made a dash around
the clrrlp. whining pitifully, and my heart
failed me.
"The fact is I would have lost my Job
before I would have shot that little dog,
and as he came around again I called to
the gatekeeper and we let him out. He
flew down the street when he was free
from the pound. That happened while
Captain Golden was Chief, and I knew
he was strict about such matters, so I
ff>lt uneasy about letting the dog go.
When J told him of it, however, he said
he would have discharged me had I killed
the terrier."
All the stray dogs found In the streets
here are sent to the pound, and if the
owners do not pay a fine and claim the
property the police executioner is called
out.— New York Sun.
THE SIKHS.
Sir Lepel Griffin has placed on record
his conviction that the Sikhs form the
backbone of the Indian army, for the fol
lowing reasons: Ghurkas. though at
least equally valuable as infantry, are by
no meas bo plentiful, and are an independ
ent race. Pathans are apt to become
homesick and dislike to be stationed at
any great distance from their native land.
Difficulty is experienced in enlisting pure
Rajputs in any number. But the Sikh
! Is always ready to enlist and to undertake
duty across the "Black Water," even
should that duty be to fight an epidemic
in Hongkong or to chase Arab slave deal
era in Central Africa, if only he be well
paid. He Is equally good as horse or
foot, at defense or in attack. He appre
ciates the value of discipline and is de
voted to his duty.— Gentleman's Maga
zine.
Near the village of Cathcart, England,
: is a little monument which marks the spot
wbere, on May 13, ir>6B, Mary Queen of
! Scots watehetl the battle of Langside.
Eleven days before she had escaped from
the castle of Lochleven, and upon the
! contest depended her chances of future
royalty.
WAR ON THE
OCCIDENTAL
AND ORIENTAL
Chinese Dislike the
New Line.
ILL TREATMENT CLAIMED
THE PATRONS OVERCHARGED,
ABUSED AND ROBBED.
Circulars Warning Prospective Pas
sengers Against the Company
ITeely Distributed in
Chinatown.
The Chinese do not like the Occidental
and Oriental Steamship Company, and are
making an effort to have all members of
their race boycott the new line.
Circulars in the Chinese language, head
ed "Warning to the Public" and signed by
"Those who have Buffered," have been
scattered broadcast over Chinatown dur
ing the pfist week, and the charges
against the steamship company made in
the circular have caused considerable
comment among the Celestials. The peo
ple are advised not to patronize the "new
company," as the O. and O. is termed, on
account of the ill treatment given the
Chinese passengers. This circular is sim
ply an open expression of the opinion
held of the company ever since it started.
"For some time past," a prominent mer
chant In Chinatown said last night,
"there has been considerable complaint
from the people arriving here from Hong
kong, and the stories of abuse and over
charge which they have told has caused a
great deal of talk, and now a large pro
portion of the Chinese going back to
Hongkong are taking the coast steamers
up to Victoria and there embarking tor
China on vessels of some of the routes
leading from there."
The chief complaint set forth in the cir
cular is that the passengers are abused by
the crew. The authors of the dodgers fur
ther claim that the company refuses to al
low Its passengers to carry all of their be
longings as baggage, charging freight for
all but one bundle and a blanket, and they
say at the end of the voyage the owner
is a lucky man if he is able to find his
belongings. One Instance of many is
sighted in the case of a Chinaman who
left here on the Belgic last month. A
trunk in which was packed considerable
wearing apparel of value and several hun
dred dollars in gold was taken from him
and sent below as freight. When Hong
kong was reached the trunk and Its con
tents were missing.
Anottier comDlatnt is that passengers
from Hongkong to this city are required
to put up a deposit with the company for
return fare. This is done by the company
to protect itself in case the immigration
Inspectors refuse to admit the passenger
in question. If the passenger is allowed
to land the money Is returned, but the
Chinese do not like the method.
The circular further objects to the quar
ters at the Mall dock which the Chinese
are huddled Into after being allowed to
disembark. The accommodations, It is
claimed, are not fit for a cow. Besides
for the three days before leaving the
vessel 25 cents a day extra is charged for
board, and then after the pasengers are
landed on the dock they are charged 60
cents a day until the inspectors allow
them to go. The food at the dock, the cir
cular claims, is miserable, and at most
should not cost more than 10 cents a day.
The circular concludes with an urgent
warning to all the cousins and friends of
the authors not to take the "new com
pany" under any consideration should
they desire to return to China. The well
known clannishness of the Chinamen will,
no doubt, result In this warning being
heeded.
AUSTRALIAN BARK DRINA
FOUNDERS OFF # BRAZIL
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
RIO JANEIRO, Dec. 6.— The Australian
bark Drina, which sailed recently from
this port for Rouen loaded with corn, has
foundered off the Brazilian coast. The
captain and three sailors were rescued.
Nine sailors perished.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON. Dec. s.— William H.
Smith has been promoted as substitute
letter-carrier at Pasadena, Cal., and El
mer L. Smith has been appointed substi
tute carrier at Santa Barbara, William
L. Raulett, a letter-carrier at Buffalo. N.
V., has made a transfer with Arthur
Petty of the Oakland Postoffice,
The postal service between Woodland
and Madison, Yolo County, Cal., will be
discontinued after December 15.
California postmasters were appointed
to-day as follows: San Gabriel, Los An
geles County, J. A. Myers, vice Orray
Longdon, resigned; upper Lake, Lake
County, Jesse Henderson, vice Belle E.
Twiggs, removed. «
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Wolfley, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6. Increase— Henry
Osconbeck, Placerville, $10 to $22. Original
widows, etc. — Sarah M. Belcher, Monro
via, $8; Margaret Williamson, Oakland, $S.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Star/ AflF u <<w«' >< lilH\ vßr >
The quality, flavor, and '
taste of this beer is so
exquisite, that one trial
order will gain us your j
permanent and enthusi-
astic patronage.
Vu.Bi atz Brewing CO.
MILWAUKEE, U.&.A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
Wright's Man Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used I them for ' over forty ■ years to cure
SICK HEADACKE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid . Liver, . Weak Stomach, Pimples
and , purify , the blood. '._ , .. 
Grossman's Snecific Mixture
With this remedy percons can cure them-
■elves without ' the least exposure, change •of
1 diet or change in application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
j to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
I Prle* |1 • bottle ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JfcARTEKS
Mf&mWtVTTLE
SSOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Xittlo Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia, ;
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- \
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi- (
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. \ Purely Vegetable. .
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Health is Wealth.
i C ATM F N^^^^^^S
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
• THE ORIGINAL; ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is Gold under positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to euro Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefolness, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
donee, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
ful Errors, or Excessive TJeo of Tobacco, Opium,
or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
box; six for 5; with wrlttensjuarantee'to
cure or refund money. Sample pack-
age, containing fivo days treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. Ore sample only Bold to
each person. At storo or by mail. _^^^^>
tt^"Rcd Label .Specialises
Extra Strength. MELA-
For Impotency, Loss ofmy-<r n
Power, Lost Manhood, VI '£ss■
Sterility or Barrenness^. T\_* I ' W7W 7
$1 a bos; cix for 5, witb&Jrvssji
written e«arantce|Jjf;^*V
__ _ to cure in SO days. At toreVUV/gR }?
6E-FoREorbvm-.il. AFTER
GEO. D AHLBENDBK * CO.. Sol* AeenU.
114 Kearny st.
Jofauiiiia.
A Table Water of exceptional
purity and excellence. — London
Lancet.
m^^JAj, WHEN YOU
(Mi^^Reqolra an ELEC-
S^^^aTßlC BELT get "Dr.
Pierce's 11 and you will
ny^^f^/lf\\ not be disappointed.
-7^^ Call or address PIERCE
" : ..; ELECTRiC . CO., 620
\ MarktMl. (opp. Palace Hots'), S. F.
Q Vl.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
a Museum of Anatomy
; f^^l ICSI UA2IZT ST. let. 6th & 7th, S. F. CaL
' a » W The Largest of Its klad In tliaWsr ld.
I^^ A DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Rtt'BvJT ]^ OonialtMien n-ee. Write for Biok .
W I of Marriage.
» U . MAILED FREE.
/^\< Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/iflj«r> ? -i^ o2s KEAKXY NT. Establlsbed
vSTI *^«B ln * 83 * ioT * ne treatment ot Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62OKEABNTKT. Established
In 1834 foe the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
KfSS&SAi disease wearing on body and
'*S^wSt?^ Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswhen
SsSSatfa others fail. Try him. Charges low.
7*a:7iM < ure»c>inranli'rd. Callorwrlt&
»r. J. V. WIBBON. Box 1957. San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
/ RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HAFAEb.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:».
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5»
andll:3o p. m.
6UNDAYR-8:00, . «:SO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:80. ■ IM.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO, 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. U:«,
t:4O, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:66 and 6:35 p. m. :
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, *:40,
6:00. 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsea Park
tame schedule a3 above. ■ : .■ ■■
Leave ■ . ~, Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, ■
Week Bun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. da,*. Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am j Novato, 10:40 am 1:40 am
. I:3o iim 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:21 pas
Fulton,
7:10 am Windsor, 10:35 aa
Healdsburc
' Lytton,
Geyservllle,
>:Iopm 8:00 am Cloverdalt. 7:86 6:2) pa
• Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:B6 pm 6:21 pa
7:80 am : * 10:25 am
8:00 am Quemevlll*. 7:86 pm -
8:50 - 6:23 pm
-I:2oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:49am
'■--. -■ ■•;• -'• and > . ■ ■■■ ■ ■■■ • -■■ - -
■ 6:lopm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8 :00 am Sebastcpol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
• 8:30 pm 6:00 pm ' 7:35 pml 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
•erville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the - Geysers; ■ at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, KelseyvlUe, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. . Lakeport and - Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Spring?. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buckneli's,
Banhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr*i
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, ; Fort Brags,
Westport, Usal, Willltts, ■ LaytonvilK Cum-
tnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka." ■: ' .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ; • :' • v .
• On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at naif - rates.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
B. C. WHITING, ' R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. . Gen. Paso. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY: COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 1898. ; trains will run as follows:
" South-bound. -■ North-bound.
Passen-i Mixed. • Mixed. {Passen-
• ■"' ger. Sunday • - ' • Sunday ■■ ger.
; Daily. Exc'ptd ■- Stations. j Exc'ptdl Daily.
B:2oam IC :3oam Stockton 3:45 pml s:sopm
10:10 am! 2 :(V:,pm '' Merced 12:40 pm! 4:03 pm
11:40 am 6:30 pm Fresno 9:30 am : 2:32 pm
12:33 7:45pm Hanford. 7:4sam' I:3spm
3:2opm am Bakersfleld > 2:3oam 11:25 ant
12:58 pm B:Dopm >v Visalia : ; ■ 6:4o «im| 1:15 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
■ Connections— At Stockton: with steamboats of
California -Navigation .and ! Improvement Com-
pany, •' leaving ' San Francisco ■ and i Stockton : at
6'p.i m. dally excepting Sunday.- <-> : •;■
~ ' For; stage I connections | see ! official.' time table
:or Inquire; at Traffic Manager's Office. '321*: Mar- i
ket street, i San < Francisco. 'y t &&§m2®Mm :
AUCTION SALES.
SECOND ANNUAL SALE
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
FROM THE
NAPA STOCK FARM,
A. B. SPRECKELS, ESQ.
To Be Sold Without Reserve.
AT AUCTION
' , (By Electrio Light, at 7:30 p. m.) ' -->V ; ;
ON
TUESDAY, Dec. 6th, 1898,
In case sale Is not concluded, will be continued
on. the following evening, at Salesyard.
Corner Market St. and Van Ness Are.
The Yearlings offered are the entire consign-
ment of the Napa Stock Farm, the property
of A. B. SPRECKELS, ESQ., and are guaran-
teed as unbroken and untried, and the finest
individuals that will be offered in the sales ring
this season, the produce of such sires as The
Judge (imp.), Idallum (imp.), Crelghton (imp.).
Eolo (the brother to St. Saviour), Gen. Miles. .
Puryear D and Lew Weir, from dams which
were good race mares and have proved them-
selves producers of good and fast race horses,
and whose breeding cannot be excelled. . These
Yearlings are in splendid condition and ar»
ready to go to work.
Catalogues will b* ready Wednesday, No-
vember 80. Horses at yard Friday, Decem-
ber 2.
KILLIP & CO.,
LIVE STOCK AUCTIONEERS.
- - Office. 11 Montgomery street.
■ |
RAILBOAD TBAVIX.
ROlTllfltx PACIFIC CMIPin.
(nemo ststiek.) *
Trolsi leave and are «f ■• *• arrive at
SAN riCAMIHt'O. ,
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
usATX — From Nov. 29, 1898. — arrivb
•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Station*... *Bi43x
7:OOa Benlci*, SuUun »nd Sacramento. . . . 10:45 a :
7:o«a MarriTiUe, OrotlUeand Redding Tl»
Woodland Bi4sr
. 7:00 a Klmira, Vao»Ttlle and Kumsey.. . ; . . B:4si>
7:30 a Martinez, San ltamon, Vallejo. Nap*.
OalUtoja and Santa Rosa SilSp
SiO«a Atl&utie Express, Ofden and Rait.. >i4Sp
•i»Oa Han .lose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sawatneuto, Mary»»ille, ■ "' : '
Chlco. Tehama and Red 81uff.... 4iMf
SiSOa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 4:19p
•8:80 a Milton.... »7:15p
9:00 a. Martinet, Tracy, Lathrop, StocUoa,
Meroed and Fresno.. ISiIOr
Fresno, BakersOeld, Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles, Demlng, £1 Paw,
New Orleans and East •t4Sr
........ Fresno. Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
-■'■■■■ tinea .„ Bi43r
1O:0Oa Vallejo. Martlnei and Way Stations i 7:45*
f I :OOp Sacramento Ri»er Steamers tOOr
18:00 m Nilss, Tracy, Stockton, Mendota, :■._>.
Hanford, Viealia, Eieter and Per-
terriUe 4:13p
1:00* Nile«, San Jose and Way Stations ... 11 i49a
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... !»:13*
LlTermore, San Jose, Miles and Way
Stations :1»:15a
4i»op Martlues, San Ramon. Vallejo,
>-.---:< Napa, Callstega, El Varans and
Santa Rosa •ill*
4«»0p Benloia, VaoaTllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTflle, Oro-
Tille andflacrameiitb....:.. IO:15a -
4:80p Nile* San Joe« and Stockton 7i15»
B:OOp Martlnee, Traoy. Mondota, Fresno, '. ."<
Mojare, Santa JSarbara and Los
Angeles ;.......... ' 8:45 a
»'«» Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Express
for M.>|a»e ami Kan «:45p
6: OOP Martinez, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 12:1BP
"aai»Oj» •■ l'acinc Coast Limited." El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East.. |0:43p
6:00r F.uropeaii Mall, Og.ien and Kast.... 0:43 a
SiOOp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7j45a
•a:«Up Vallejo 12:lSp
}7:O«p Vallcjo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»:4sp
Bi«K»p Oregon Kiprmis,&acram*nto, Marys-
. , Tille. Redding, Portland, Tnget
Hound and Kaat S:lSa
alwiOSv " Bnnget Limited." Fresno. Los
Angeles, £1 Paso, New Orleans
and Ea5t...... , H:4By
BAS LEANDUO AM) HAVWAUDS LOCAL.
- (Foot of Market Street.) ~
1 Jlf lrosf, Soiuiiiiirjr Park, (
8:OOa Kitrlihar* . Klrufiurst, <:<3a
i9:OOA San I.eamlrn, South San ■ 1*9:45/
io.ooa . I^an.lro. EntodUl*. • 1«:45a
«11:OOa Lorenio, Cherry • 13:45 P
♦«'«Op , n<J * «ls4»p
8:««P HaTTfarJs «5:45p
• lWt i Runs through to Niles. 7t * *
) t From Niles. \
€OAST -lU VISION f.inrroTt (Jauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8:1 Newark.Oenterrille.SanJoae.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way '- >'■:•-
Stations Bis«p
*9i ISr Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
■..■'..;. Almadon, Felton, Boulder Oreok,
Santa Cmz and Principal Way
Stations '10:50 a
4:13p Newark, Han Jote and Los Gatos.. . »:20a
flli43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations J7:2op
CREEK ROUTE >ERRY.
rrimSll ntRCISOO— »! Harktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 11:00 *2:00 13:33
•4:00 $5:00 *6:00r.u.
rrsmOtlXlßD— root orßre>dwtT.— "B:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 *l:03 12:03 *3:00 |i:00 *6:03r.M.
CO A Sl' DITISION (Broad tiauge). ~
■ (Third and Towngend 3ta.)
7:00 a San .lota ami Way Station* (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:80?
tiOOA San Jose, Tret Finos, Santa Cms,
Pacific Grore, l'a*o Robles, Sau
- Luis OliUpo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:lOr>
I*i4Oa Sau Jose mid Way .Stations *Biooa
11i80a San Jose and Way Stations BiBsa
•»:43r San Mateo, Rodwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Macta Clara, Man .lose,
Gllroy, llulllster, Sauta Crux,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grore *!O>S6a
•Sillllp Ban Joip and Way Stations *»:IM>a
•■1:1 San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:»3a
3:8 Op San Principal Way Stations 3:30p
O::iOr Ban Jose a.nl Way Stations 7:! sop
♦ ll:4Bi» San Jose and Way Stations 7i3op
- A for Morning. P for Afternoon. •
* Sunday* executed J Snnaays only, t Saturdays only
and Thursdays. aTuetdays and Saturdays.
S^a turd and Wednesday!. »Xaur»dJii»aa4au»d»jt.
California
Limited
Santa ft Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran*
Cisco at 5 P.M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chloagroat 8:1-5 A. M. th«
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
■ York at l:3O P. M.Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, "BUFFET CAR. Ob-f
servatlon Car and Eleotrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car. ,t.'. ;
This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAH FRANCISCO TiCKEromcE— 621 MARKET Si.
TELEPHONE MAIN lA
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramonto Office— 2ol J Street.
Bui Joss Office— 7 West Santa Clara 91.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. •
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, •9:80, 11:00 a. m.: »I:4S,
1:45. 6:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m. : ■: ' . •
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.; n:UL
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. ■ •
' Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, »«:35, 7:45. *9:30 a. m.j
12:20. 2:20. »3:45, 6:06 p. m. .
1 EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *8:00. •10:00. ni:B6 a. m.l
•1:16. •3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:56, 9:40 a. m. :
12:35. 2:45, 3:60, 6:20 p. m. ■
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:06 a. m.: 12:05, 1:20.
1:00, 6:20 p. m. - .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan : Mills and way;
stations. ■ - -- ■ . .
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta'a,
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) .
: Leave San -Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. IV 1898:- s
• Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
"Sundays— 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. a.
Round trip from: Mill Valley.. $1,
TIIOS. 'COOK * SON. Agents. 621 Market
street. San Francisco v ■ : ■;
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
SAMUELP.FLINT
KILLED BY AN
OAKLAND TRAIN
His Skull Badly Frac
tured.
WAS ON HIS WAY HOME
THROWN FIFTEEN FEET BY THE
LOCOMOTIVE.
He Was a align Official in the Rail
way Mail Service and Was
Well and Widely
Known.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Dec. 5.
Samuel P. Flint, assistant superintend
ent of the railway mail service, was struck
by a broadgauge locomotive at Fourteenth
and Franklin streets to-night. He died
from his injuries a few hours later.
Mr. Flint had been away to Los Angeles
SAMUEL FLINT, the Well-Known
Railway Mail Service Officer Who
Was Fatally Injured by an
Oakland Train.
the past few days on business connect- i
ed with his office and was just returning
to his home, 772 Telegraph avenue, coming
by way of the new broadgauge local,
which was due at Fourteenth street sta
tion at 6:30 o'clock. The train was late
in reaching its destination, and the mat
ter of switching the engine at Fourteenth
street, preparatory to pulling out for the
narrow-gauge mole again, was hurried
with unusual alacrity. According to G. L.
King, residing at Linda Vista, who was
perhaps the only eye witness, Mr. Flint
alighted from the north side of the train
after locomotive 1646 had been already un
coupled. The engine was speeding along
the sidetrack to the head just as Mr.
Flint stepped in its path. He was thrown
about fifteen feet to one side of the track,
where )u was picked up unconscious and
bleeding profusely from an ugly gash on
his head.
At the Receiving Hospital Drs. Strat
um. Kane and Horn, assisted by Steward
Tobin and Dr. Keating, attended to Mr.
Flint's injuries, the most serious of which
consisted of a badly fractured skull, mak
ing the operation of trephining essential.
With this the surgeons proceeded almost
immediately. Whether Mr. Flint also
sustained internal injuries wan not known.
He was quite corpulent, and his age (60
years* made his case all the more serious.
But faint hopes of his recovery were held
by his physicians, and their fears were
nallzed about 10 o'clock, when he breath
ed his last.
Mr. Flint was in the railway mail
service the past twelve or fifteen years.
He was division superintendent until last
July, when he was made assistant super
intendent. He had resided in this city for
many years and was prominent in G. A. R.
circles. He was a native of Pennsylvania.
His aged wife was stricken with grief
when she learned of the sad affair. She
hastened to the hospital, but owing to
her husband's condition she was not per
mitted to see him. They had no children.
HAD A SIMPLE FUNERAL.
Luther P. Fisher's Requests, How-
ever, Were Deemed Too Radical.
OAKLAND. Dec. s.— The funeral of the
latp Lather P. Fisher took place this
morning from the First Cot^rregatlonal
Church, and the remain weffznterred in
Mountain View < 'i motery.
• 'ontrary to the last request of the de
cf-a^-d, the remains were encased in a
jieat black cloth-covered casket with
oxidized handles, but the lid bore no sil
ver plato. There was an absence of fu
neral flowers, their place being taken by
a cluster of chrysanthemums and violets.
Th»- pall-bearers were Judge Robert
Thompson. David Howes, Henry P. Carle
ton and Henry W. Knoll, all of whom
were classmates of deceased many years
ago at Andover, Mass.
Rev. Dr. Mooar and Rev. J. K. McLean
delivered short eulogies and Rev. Dr.
Brown eloped with a prayer. During the
services a quartet, comprising Mr. and
Mrs. George H. Collins, Mrs. Hathaway
and George Burbeck, sang "My Faith
Looks Ip to Thee" and "Some Sweet
Day, By and By."
Tobin Will Be Deputy.
OAKLAND, Dec. s.— The many rumors
concerning the Coroner's deputy and the
proposed location of the morgue under
Corom-r-elect 11. B. Mchrmann are rap
idly crystallizing into facts. The Deputy
Coronership is now a settled matter as
I. D. Tobin was to-day officially informed
of his appointment. The new appointee
has for the past several years filled the
stewardship at tne Receiving Hospital in
Indent manner, and will be by no
means a novice in his new vocation, he
having been formerly In the undertaking
business. As to the location of the
morgue, it was currently reported to-day
that George < lark and Mr. Booth Sacra
mento undertakers, had purchased an In
terest in the local business of J L *>ie-
Cftithy and that Coroner-elect Mehrmann
would beyond question establish his head
quarters at their place of business on San
Pablo avenue, opposite the City Hall
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Dec. s.— Miss Abble Clift
daughter of William Clift and sister of
Justice Fred C. Clift, was married this
evening to Irving Lundborg, teller of the
San Francisco .National Bank. The cere
mony was performed at the home of the
bride's parents.
Teams going south over the Alice-street
bridge, which will be used during the
construction of the new Webster-street
bridge, will have the right of way, the
Board of Supervisors having passed an
order to that effect to-day. The necessary
repairs on the Alice-street bridge and the
approaches are rapidly nearlng comple
tion.
Trucks and new rails for the San Pablo
avenue electric street railway have ar
rived, preparatory to the transforming
of the old cable line on that avenue.
JUSTICE HARD'S
DAMAGE SUIT
GETS A JOLT
His Character Could
Not Be Injured.
SO JUDGE HALL DECIDED
CONSTABLE GRAY'S DEMURRER
HAS BEEN SUSTAINED.
First Point in the Suit Brought Over
the Locking Up of an
Alameda Temple of
Justice.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Dec. 5.
Constable George D. Gray of Alameda
has won the first point in the $5000 damage
suit brought against him and his bonds
men by Justice of the Peace D. T. Hard
of the same city.
Hard sued Gray and his bondsmen, R.
B. Tappan. Nicholas Reinecker, Oscar
Meysel and C. W. Tappan. for the amount
mentioned on account of the closing up
of his courtroom with the Constable's
look, the furniture and paraphernalia in
the temple of Justice being required to
satisfy a claim for $20 for which an at
tachment had issued. By reason of Gray's
act Justice Hard set up that he had been
disgraced and his character injured.
Gray and his bondsmen demurred and
this pleading was heard .before Superior
Judge Hall to-day. The demurrer was
based upon the grounds of misjoinder
of parties, misjoinder of causes, ambig
uity, and a fine technicality between char
acter and reputation.
Judge Hall sustained the demurrer and
in doing so stated that Justice Hard's
character could not have been disgraced
by reason of Constable Gray's act or any
acts of any one else.
REDDY HELD TO ANSWER.
Must Suffer for the Commission of a
Brutish Crime.
ALAMEDA, Dec. s.— John P. Reddy was
held to answer before the Superior Court
this afternoon by Justice Henry Morris on
a charge of attempted criminal assault.
His victim was little Irene Shattuck, the
11-year-old daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C
W. Shattuck, residing at Enclnal avenue
and Chestnut street. The public was ex
cluded from the courtroom during tne
progress of the examination. J. W. Stet
son represented the State and J. J. Mc-
Donnell conducted the case for the de
fense. The testimony was of a most re
volting nature. City Marshal Rogers
stated that when he arrested Reddy at
San Jose, at the time he was suspected
of having shot Officer Keyes. he ac
knowledged the charge of assault, but
protested that he was Innocent of the
shooting. The nature of the cross-exam
ination by the defense was a virtual ad
mission of guilt. An attempt was made
to prove that Reddy committed his crime
at the invitation of his victim; in other
words, that he, a man of 40 years, had
been led astray by a little child just past
her eleventh summer.
Alameda City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, Dec. s.— City Marshal Oscar
Rogers presented his resignation to the
City Trustees to-night to take effect Jan
uary 1, 1899, at which date he will assume
the duties of Sheriff of Alameda County.
Officer Louis Sehoeman, who will be a
jailer under Rogers, will also withdraw
from the local police force. Sergeant
John Conrad will be appointed Marshal
for the unexpired term. Officer Schu
macher will be advanced to the position
of sergeant. This will leave two vacan
cies in the Alameda police force. Frank
H. Hackett and Edward Hadley will be
appointed to fill the vacancies.
Jacob Hoeck, who had his little sons
confined in the City Prison over night to
force them to make a confession that they
had purloined a bucket of paint, filed
charges against Officer Albert Kamp, al
leging that he had given information in
connection with the case to a Call re- j
porter. The Trustees referred the matter \
to a committee for investigation. Mr.
Kamp was In charge of the prison at the
time but he gave no information to the
reporter. He refused to allow the boys to
be interviewed without an order from his
superior officer.
Alameda Camera Club.
ALAMEDA, Dec. s.— The Alameda Cam
era Club will formally open its new head
quarters in Lafayette Hall to-morrow
night. Some of the most expert and en
thusiastic amateurs of this city are in
cluded in the club's membership. The new
rooms have been fitted up with consider
able taste and convenience. Dark rooms
have been built for the use of the mem
bers, and the walls of the assembly hall
are covered with their work. The club
was organized about a year ago. At the
beginning there was a hard, up-hill strug
gle to keep the organization in existence,
but now its affairs are in a flourishing con
dition. The first anniversary will be cele
brated by a stereoptlcon exhibition of
•views taken by the club members. A new
board of officers will be elected at to-mor
row evening's meeting.
Horse's Kick Was Fr.tal.
ALAMEDA, Dec. s.— Henry Wetjen died
this morning from injuries received a
week ago by being kicked by a vicious
horse. He was a brother of Mrs. L.
Probst of 1427 Webster street, at whose
home he died. He was a native of Ger
many, aged about 50 years, and leaves a
widow and son In San Francisco. He was
a member of the Exempt Firemen's Asso
ciation of San Franicsco. About a week
ago, while arranging the bedding for a
horse In his brother-in-law's stable the
animal kicked him In the abdomen, in
flicting injuries that proved fatal.
Bicyclists Banquet.
ALAMEDA, Dec. s.— The Erscinal Wheel,
men, who won the second prize In the San
Francisco good roads parade, celebrated
their victory yesterday by giving a ban
quet. The festivities were also the occa
sion for a reunion of all the old-time
cyclers of Alameda. Dr. E. A. Lake was
the toastmaster. Those present werq:
Paul Barnum, M. G. Curtis. C. A. Danley,
C. Foard, M. E. Galnes, G. Gates, L. A.
Hagy, C. Hamilton, P. Hanson, E. A.
Hlerlihy. Dr. E. A. Lake, H. Lorber, R.
A. Meserole, H. Mailer, G. M. Muther, C.
C. V. Reeve, L. Sansom, F. W. Thomas,
W. W. Thompson, G. Thomson, G.
Thome, F. G. White and L. Cordes.
Major Tilden Will Talk.
AL/AMEDA, Dec. s.— Major Tilden, who
Is home on sick leave from Manila, will ad
dress the members of the Unitarian Club
next Wednesday. He will describe sights
and scenes In the Philippines. A musical
programme will also be given. There will
be a violin solo by Master Raymon Gott;
a barytone solo by Alfred Dostal, and se
lections on a number of musical Instru
ments by Mr. Frledlander of San Fran
cisco.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. s.— Master Willie
Jones was given a surprise party Saturday
evening at the home of his parents, 1539
Sherman street.
Joe Hooker Post, G. A. R., has elected
the following officers: 'Albert Kamp, com
mander; John Myers, senior vice-com
mander; James Sykes, 'Junior vice-com
mander; John Ellsworth, quartermaster;
Ralph Hamlin, adjutant; William Kruger
officer of the day; E. B. Dunning sur
geon; Captain H. H. Todd. chaplain. E.
B. Dunning and H. F. Pringle were elect
ed delegates to ; the State encampment
which meets next April at San Diego, c
: The Alameda and Oakland electric road
will stop running cars over Webster
street bridge after to-morrow. Travel by
that route will be suspended until after
the completion of the ' county's new steel
bridge. ■ *
«♦ ■ -
The cellar excavator always gets in
his work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
SLOW PROGRESS
IN THE BRANDES
EXAMINATION
Important Witnesses
Want to Get Away.
MRS. M. GODFREY TESTIFIES
j WAS WITH MRS. BRANDES WHEN
LILLIAN WAS BEATEN.
Dilatory Tactics That Made Witness
McKeown Say That He Wished
Brandes, Too, Was
Dead.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Deo. 5.
The prosecution, at the preliminary
hearing of W. A. Brandes, charged with
the cruel murder of his 13-yearfOld daugh
ter, Lillian, put another very important
witness on the stand this afternoon. The
witness, who was listened to eagerly by
the big throng of spectators that has
crowded into Justice Cliffs courtroom
every day since the hearing began last
Thursday, was Mrs. M. Godfrey, another
neighbor of the Brandes at Berkeley.
On the fateful Tuesday night when Lil
lian was being beaten Mrs. Godfrey and
Mrs. Brandes sat in the parlor at the
home of the latter. According to the wit
ness' story as told to-day, Brandes went
downstairs, and soon after Mrs. Godfrey
heard the girl exclaim, "Oh, Al! Please
dont!" whereupon the cruel and infuriated
father cursed her, and with vile epithets
told her If she did not find "that money"
he would choke her. Witness stated that
she heard the beating, which was soon
followed by a noise sounding as though a
body was being dragged along the tloor
downstairs.
Earlier this afternoon Mrs. Nina Rich
ardson was recalled to the witness stand
and reiterated principally facts that have
already been published, and which were
adduced at the hearing on Saturday last.
In the instance of both these witnesses
the attorneys for the defense have tried
In every way to find pointed discrepancies,
but without avail, and thus far their tes
timony stands unchallenged for truth and
veracity as well as Importance to the
prosecution.
It was stated to-day that J. S. Harvey,
perhaps the most essential witness for the
people, is anxious to get away to Canada,
and he chafes greatly over the dilatory
tactics that have thus far marked the
proceedings. His cross-examination, It is
predicted, will occupy considerable time.
J. McKeown, another witness, has been
compelled to neglect certain business of his
own at San Rafael owing to the hearing,
and when speaking to Deputy District At
torney Allen to-day about getting away,
McKeown exclaimed. "I wish that
Brandes, too, was dead." From this re
mark the tenor of his testimony might
be judged.
The religious zeal of the accused is
manifesting itself more strongly every
day. Yesterday, when the Salvation Army
held its Sunday services at the County
Jail, Brandes knelt lon* and prayed fer
vently.
IOHN GALINDO DIES
AT HIS CONCORD HOME
{JON OF ONE OF OAKLAND'S EAR
LIEST LANDOWNERS.
He Pas^d Away After a Ten
Days' Siege of Typhoid
Pneumonia.
*
Oakland Office Son Francisco Call. /
908 Broadway, Dec. a/
John C. Galindo, oldest fon of the late
Francisco Galindo, at one time one of the
most extensive landowners in Alameda
and Contra Costa counties, died at his
home in Concord late last night. Death
is attributed to typhoid pneumonia, from
which he had suffered the past two
weeks. Deceased was born at Temescal,
now a part of Oakland, in 1850 and he was
well known in this city, being a familiar
figure on the streets for years.
When Francisco Galindo died In 1890 he
left an estate comprising 2600 acres land
in Contra Costa County, valued at $234,
00), and the following property in this
city: Galindo Hotel and site; one-fourth
of a block at Ninth and Clay streets; 20
acres at Frultvale; a two-thirds interest
in blocks 716, 717 and 723; two lots on the
south side of Fourth street, between Clay
and Jefferson; a house and lot on Filbert
street, and a house and lot on Myrtle
street. The property here was appraised
at $230,000, giving a total valuation to the
estate of $464,000.
John C. Galindo was the oldest of four
children through the first marriage of his
father, the other children being Mercedes,
now Mrs. Frank Lathrop; Manuela Ga
llr.do de Miranda.
On the death of John's mother his fath
er remarried and the following children
were born of the union; Vicente Jose,
Carlotta Teresa. Ruperto, Jacoba, now
dead, and Alejandra,
John Galindo leaves a widow and four
children.
More Mismated Couples.
OAKLAND, Dec. s.— Judge Hall to-day
granted a divorce to Agnes White from
George D. White on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. Plaintiff is also permitted
to resume her maiden name, Acnes
Schleip.
Divorce suits were also commenced to
day by Martha Holcroft against George
Holcroft and Elizabeth J. Stmonds against
Frank S. Simonds.
For the School Fund.
OAKLAND, Dec. S.— Because of the ex
istence of a collateral Inheritance law the
State school fund will be swelled by $9347
out of the estate of the late Christopher
Streitberger. valued at $200,000.
DENTISTS WHO NEARLY
LOST THEIR "PULL"
A CLASS BUSH THAT MET WITH
DISFAVOR.
Eight Students Escape Dismissal for
Raising a Disturbance in a
College Lecture
Hall.
A quartet of bright young men, mem
bers of the freshman and junior classes
of the dental department of the Univer
sity of California, are congratulating
themselves on their narrow escape from
being launched on the world without a
license to wield the forceps or to ease
tooth-aching humanity. The happy eight
owe their good iortune to the leniency of
Dr. L. L. Dunbar, uean of the well-known
institution, and since the Incident that
nearly resulted in their expulsion from the
college they worship him from afar.
These young men, who are studying to
extract teeth without pain, were guilty of
being ringleaders in a class rush, an un
pardonable thing in the eyes of
the faculty, even when Indulged in
outside the place of study, but
when practiced In the very lec
ture hall of the Institution the offense be
comes a heinous one. To make matters
worse, Dr. Dunbar was a witness to the
affair and promptly took measures to
quell the disturbance.
It occurred on Frida^ morning and wu
the direct outcome of a game of baseball .
indulged in by the two classes the day
before, and which resulted in a score of
7 to 5 in favor of the freshmen. The Jun
iors would have abideu by the result and
at a future day tried to win back their
prestige had not a "freshy" tried to make
the defeat one to remember and digest by
printing the score on a large piece of
cardboard and emphasizing it by adding
that "it wasn't so worse. This harm
less piece of cardboard suspenued high on
the blackboard seemed a veritable red
rag to the juniors when they espied It on
their entrance to t..e lecture hall just be
fore 9 o'clock on the eventful morning. A
leader sprang up in the gathering class
and he quickly brought a high step lad
der to aid him in removing the distasteful
sign. While he was in the act of doing
so the freshmen took umbrage at the pro
ceeding and rallied around the foot of the
ladder for the purpose 01 making him de
sist. The junior's classmates were not
slow In coming to his assistance, and a
merry rush resulted. The dean's entrance
was unnoticed in the excitement and eight
of me young me^ were caught redhanded.
When the noise subsided Dr. Dunbar
pointed out the error of their way in a
short but calm discourse and then the
work of the day was postponed until the
dean could meet other members of the
faculty and decide on what punishment
should be meted out*" the otienders. After
a prolonged discussion it was decided to
forgive them this time and again the en
joyable task of studying how to ease
aching molars was tr\ken up.
Overcome by Monoxide.
Peter Kearns, an employe of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company,
came near shuffling off the mortal coll
yesterday afternoon by inhaling a supera
bundance of monoxide from one of the
company's mains. Kearns was sent by
the company to connect the gas supply
from the main on Seventeenth street to
the St. Nicholas Laundry, which is lo
cated on that street between Folsom and
Harrison streets. While engaged in the
performance of his duty he inhaled more
of the poisonous vapor than was good
for his respiratory organs, ana as a con
sequence he fell unconscious in the trench
in which he had been at work. A citizen
happened to be passing at the time and
he ran to the Seventeenth street police
station and notified Officer James ><orton
that a man was lying dead in the street.
The patrol wagon was sent to the scene
and the unconscious man was sent to the
City and County Hospital.where Dr Roche
labored over him for two hours with the
result that he was restored to life. He
was sufficiently recovered to leave the
hospital last night for his home.
Home of the Fur Seals.
George A. Clark, secretary of the Fur
Seal Commission, delivered an interest
ing lecture to a large audience in the
Academy of Sciences building last night
on the "Fur Seals and Fur Seal Islands."
He opened his lecture by showing maps
of the islands of the Aleutian group most
frequented by the seal with the valuable
skin, and then further illustrated his lec
ture with pictures of various portions of
the islands. The lecture was a revela
tion to many of the audience, as it show
ed that these islands which people are
prone to consider as bare, frozen wastes
contain pretty villages and. at certain
seasons, fields luxuriant with wild flow
ers and flowering mosses. Mr. Clark is a
successful lecturer, who amuses as weil
as instructs his audience as he presents
the dryest scientific facts in the form of
pleasant anecdotes.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F H Meister. Sacto O Raphael. Cal
D Dierssen. Sacto W Webster & w, Cal
"VV R Johnson, Stktn C Eriekson &w, Cal
W D T Ward. Fortuna A Griffin & w, Cal
S J Dale, Eden Valley J W Riddle. L Gatos
Cde St Maurice, Ctil J A Baldwin &w. Cal
H C Thomas. Sacto W L Cobb, Stanford
J C Schneldlbauer, Wls J Lee, Watsonville
Mr & Mrs Miller, 111 C E Hatch. Cal
J Rigand. Denver L McGee & w, Sacto
De l'Estoille, Auburn IG Ranilsburg, Cal
J La Breche. Sioux C IW D McKee, Chicago
L Goodwin, Sacto |T R Wolf & w. Del
H Todd. Oakland I Miss J Bateman, Del
J D Murphy. Angel Isl R C White & w, Del
J E Polnsdestre. cal LA H Bishop. Dover
W D Wheelwright. Or T M Ooodln. Dover
J E Bell &. w Everett S Deane, Dover
A M Altken, N V Ethel Mllllngton, Del
W S Reams &w. Cal J B Pennington, Del
R Felt &w. Eureka H C Pennington, Del
Mrs Barrett, Cal J S Davis. Del
G W Johnson, Cal T D Deane. Del
Mr & Mrs A Anderson, B J McVey. Del
Sulsun J C Hall, Redlands
J S Kellogg Neb W R Jenkins & w, Cal
W H Hopkins, Belmnt C A Campbell, Cal
0 E Williams, Uklah
PALACE HOTEL.
J Ollck, Stockton L B Carpenter, Colo
T A King. Chicago L Harris & w, Butte
Miss J E King, Chgo Mrs N W Rountree, Or
S Frankenhelmer, Cal H M Yerlngton & w,
J M Fuller, N V Carson
E G Sproul. Tacoma J L Freeburn. Wash
R Riester. NY • C S Brooks, N V
C F Ireland. Paris G W Johnson. Cal
W E Applegate & w, I L Oualey, Redwood
Chicago Mrs I L Qualey, Cal
H L Kean, Pa E Hayden. U S N
1 H Fitzgerald. Pa R A Graham, Or
Mrs E A Thomas. Vt J J O'Neill, N V
A S Somers. N V Mrs J J O'Neill N V
Mrs I N Peyton, Wash Miss G Jones. N V
Miss Smith. Wash j S F Gltterman, Chgo
Miss Peyton, Wash B X Coffman. Chgo
T W Wymonde, Eng I E Deffmann. Mexico
J D Davidson. Fresno J C M Hunter, La
E Goodwin, Montreal ! W Lauterbach, N V
E N Camp & w. Chgo I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F P Smith, Manila J Henry, Portland
T Kruger. Chicago W C Owens, N V
F Shipley, B C G S Eldrige, Navarro
F H Cherry. Visalia J H Cook. Chico
S C Smith. S Diego W Falrchiid. Cat
W Chlnn. Fresno Mrs L Smith, Sacto
F L Blair. Salt Lake J Rossi &w, N V
J J Connolly, Denver C F Parker. Marysville
P J Murtha. L Ang J D Fairmont, Cal
P Lowenthal. Sulsun P Murphy, Stockton
S O'Mara, Riverside
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery etreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; fpen until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until '■> o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING} NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. •
EVENING, December 6, 7:30 o'clock. _J\^
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY) Y»
Stated meeting. M. M., P. M. and M. /Vi
E. M. degrees. ■ By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE, NO. 80. F. m
and A. M.. stated meeting THlS^^^
(TUESDAY) EVENING, December '">. TCjf
at 7:30 o'clock. GEORGE. J. HOBE,/V\
secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy St., will meet on TUESDAY, -^^
the Gth, at 1 p. m.. to attend the TCJf
funeral of our late brother, Thomas /^r>
Morton. Master Masons are Invited.
GEORGE PENLINQTON, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. *
M.,- 121 Eddy st. — Annual stated
meeting THIS EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. }Cjf
Election of officers. /yr\
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. , and A. ■
M.— Stated annual meeting for the — J%
election of officers THIS (TUESDAY) Vjf
EVENING at 8 o'clock. />^
A. S. , HUBBARD, Secretary
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5, K. of P., will jf-
confer the Knight rank (long form)  i^v
on WEDNESDAY, December 7, tiNcM*"
1898, at Pythian Castle, 909% Mar- 4?^^
ket st.» at 8:30 p. m. Members of sister
lodges cordially Invited.
E. R. WATERMAN, C. C
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
QUARTERLY meeting and nomination :i a
of officers of the Austrian Benevolent fcSWW^.
Society will be held WEDNESDAY «Ajs»
EVENING, Dec. 7, at their hall, 413 WjMg
Butter st. By order ' ■--■--■ -■ . *^*«sw
M. SCANATICH. President.
A. CONNICH. Secretary. ; >
BOADICEA DRUIDIC CIRCLE No. 3,
U. A. O. D. The memberß of Boadlcea rtfi
Circle are hereby notified to attend the jOC
funeral of Sister Maggie Purcell, TUESDAY
December 6, at 9:30 o'clock a. m. from Sac-
red Heart Church, south side of Fell st.,
between Webster and Flllmore; no meeting
at the hall.
ALBERT S. HALL, Arch Druid
JOHN HUTTON, Secretary.
A. O. H., Division 2— The regular W-rfvH
monthly meeting of this Division v\\\J
will be held In Hlbernia Hall on "BANS
TUESDAY EVENING, December 6 i& fV*»
1888, at 8 o'clock. Candidates seek- #"^sf
Ing admission will please be prompt In attend-
ance. Sojourning brothers are cordially in-
vited. BARTLEY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Rec. Sec.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children ~uT tbTTtornan
Catholic Orphan Asylum since July, 1597:
Margaret Sullivan, age 7 years; Delia Long,
S years; Maud Lovett, 7 year*; Maclovla Pa-
dllla, 6 years; Lillian Doherty, 9 years; Anna
Harden, 11 years. Respectfully,
BISTERS OF CHARITT.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
BAD tenants ejected for *4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 0-10; tei. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 341 3d st.
SITUATIONS WAKTBD-FEHALE.
NEAT German girl wishes situation at house-
work or as nurse, »10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR cook desires situation In hotel or
institution; understands all branches of cook-
ing; best of references. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS English cook desires situation;
c&unlry; 3 years last place. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German woman wishes work by
the day; understands all kinds of work. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG woman with a child 9 years old wishes
situation; wages no object. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH, also German, second girls, best of
reference, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook, best of reference,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl to assist
at light housework or care for a child. Please
call 521 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker, good cutter and
fitter, wants work by the day; 76c and car-
fare. 30 Seventh st.
BY reliable woman, work by the day; good
laundress, $1 10 a day. 1658 Market, opp. 10th.
YOUNG Norwegian woman will do chamber
work in hotel or rooming house for board and
room for herself aid 8 children. Please call
at 435 Fourth st.
GERMAN girl wants a situation In a small
family for cooking and general housework.
Apply Prescott House, corner Montgomery
aye. and Kearny st.
AMERICAN woman wishes work by the day;
Is a good needle woman; 75c day or 60c and
board. Address box 1541, Call.
COLORED woman would like position to do
cooking, housework or nursing. Address E.
B. M., 1103 Montgomery st.
SITUATION wanted by respectable woman as
nurse; would assist with sewing or upstairs
work; good reference. 445 O'Farrell st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like a place to
clean up doctor's offices about two hours a
day. Address box 494, Call office.
YOUNG strong German woman wants wash-
ing, ironing, cleaning; $1 and car fare. Ad-
dress M., 1133 Folsom st.
GOOD seamstress, plain dressmaking, wishes
a few more engagements; 78c a day. Ad-
dress box 497, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes position as cook;
do housework; good nurse, kind to children;
city or country. 118 Fell.
LADY would like to assist In any kind of hotel
or restaurant work In exchange for room
and board for herself and child (boy 9 years).
Address box 466, Call office.
WANTED by competent Protestant woman,
cooking and housework in private family.
Call 681 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED young lady (German) deslros
situation In bakery or delicacy store. Ad-
dress Box 6, Call Office.
DRESSMAKER would like a few more engage-
ments by the day: $1 60: perfect fit guaran-
teed. Address 632 Ellis st.
COOK and all-around helper; cook English,
German, French and Hungarian; full charge
of kitchen; first-class pastry; hotel, boarding
housu or restaurant; city or country. 24
Hunt st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation
to do general housework; Is a good cook; city
or country; moderate wages; no postals. 10
Stockton place, bet. Post and Sutter sts.
STRONG middle-aged woman wants position
to do office work; neat and tidy; good nurse
In sickness. 230^4 Fulton st.
FIRST-CLASS French laundress wishes to do
fine washing at home. 1309 Lyon st.
PLAIN cook would like place. 1309 Stockton
st., Humboldt House.
SITUATION as working housekeeper wanted
by a middle-aged American woman; city ref-
erences: good wages. Box 273, Call.
AN experienced housekeeper wishes position In
private family or hotel; best of references.
AddreßS box 332, Call.
INTELLIGENT lady with business education
wishes position as bookkeeper and cashier in
hotel; city or county: refs. Box 329. Call.
POSITION as housekeeper In widower's family
by Swedish lady; competent; good cook. Ad-
dress 2fi2 Golden Gate aye.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. : tel. East 42«.
COOK— First-class hotel or restaurant", superior
chef, very best of reference, desires situa-
tion. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
BARTENDER desires position In cluo or first-
class bar; references* Address box 432 Call.
YOUNG man, speaking English and Spanish,
wtshes position In office or commission
house; good penman; good references. Ad-
dress box 431, Call.
CAPABLE, industrious man wishes position
as superintendent of ranch; highest refer-
ences; large experience. Box 491, Call.
YOUNG Scandinavian boy wants situation as
second butler; best city references. Address
313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery clerk and bookkeeper;
speaks German; S years' experience; best of
references; no objection to country; 33 years
of age. Address box 428, Call office.
YOUNG Swede wishes situation as porter,
Janitor or watchman. Address F. TH., 103
Montgomery aye.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation in the
city; do plain cooking: has references; speaks
good English. Box 1456. Call office.
YOUNG man (Scandinavian) steady, sober and
strictly reliable, wants work about private
place; good driver and milker; understands
plain gardening; over 5 years one place; good
reference; fair wages expected. A. G., box
475. Call Office.
STEADY middle-aged man; can take care of
garden, chickens, horse, cow, etc. ; reasona-
ble waKe*; best of references. J. D., box 4,
Call Office.
A PLACE as assistant bartender, porter or be-
hind lunch counter; steady, sober and reli-
able man; saloon references. Box 426, Call.
JAPANESE young boy wants position as
schoolboy without wages; family. Address
F. SHIO", box 1876. Call office.
YOUNG man, good worker, desires situation
with chance to raise. Address box 42ti, Call.
STRONG, willing boy of 16 would like to learn
the undertaking business. F., box 14. Call.
YOUNG man. graduate of business college,
wishos position; steady and reliable. Ad-
dress R. 8.. box 272, Call office.
YOUNG man, Breaks English, German and
French, deslrps position as driver for deliv-
ery wagon. Call or address E. G., SO2 Larktn.
PRIVATE secretary desires position with capi-
talist or attorney; 14 years legal experience;
stenographer: exceptional references. Ad-
dress box 422, Call office.
YOUNG experienced butcher wishes a pice,
shop or wagon; good references. Address
Sunset Market, Waller and Stanyan sts
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-claas German
gardener: a good pruner: take care of horses
and can milk. Add. Gardener, box 1819, Call.
BUTCHER: first-class cutter. Call or address
J. H.. 2831 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— Position by Intelligent man; refer-
\ ences or bonds. Address box 1864, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night: $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
TWO upstairs girlß, $15; nurseglrl. $12; 2 cooks,
$25; waitress, $20; 10 girls for housework;
cook. $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NORTH German nurse; $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, Bakersfield, $20; Fresno, $20,
no wash. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress; $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE girl, sleep home, $12; girl, assist house-
work, $12, sleep home. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter 6t.
WOMAN with a child, country, $10. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE. ~S2S; nurse. $15^ MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $12 per month. MISS
CI'LLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO second girls. $20 and $15; 12 house-
work girls, city, $20 and $25; 6 young girls,
assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK. Benlcia, $20; Gllroy. $20; Ala-
meda. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $15! MISS CUL-
_LEN, 325 Suttar st.
WAITRESS. $20, city; chambermaid, $i&; 3
restaurant waitresses, $5 per week each
MIPS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
YOUNG girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework; small family; }1D; 1129 Guerre; o.
HELP WAVI'ED— Continued.
WAITRESS-Hotel, city, $20, see party here at
9 to-day; 6 restaurant waitresses. $6 weeK
cook boarding house, $30. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st. .
THREE general housework girls, $25; 4 cooks
in American and German families, $2o; nurse,
1 child, $25; invalid' s nurse. $20, and girls
of all nationalities for cooking and house-
work. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st^
GIRLS for housework. San Anselmo, $20;
Bakersfleld, $20; Modesto. $15; Martinez, $15 and
$20; Alameda, $20; Tehachapi, *2U; San Rafael.
$20 and $25, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
FOUR waitresses, city and country, $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, country, ?20; cham-
bermaid to wait, city, $20; pantry girl for
country hotel, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary s|t.
EXPERIENCED hotel cook for flrst-class
country hotel, $45. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
SWEDISH housegirl, small family, $25: Scan-
dinavian girl for Berkeley, $20, no washing:
French second girl, short ways in country,
$25; German nurse girl for choice place, $15;
house girl, Oakdale, $25; house girl, small
family, San Rafael, $20 see party here, and
many more girls for housework and assist,
$12, $15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS cooks, second girls, me ids and
girls for housework; all nice and respectable
giris; ladles call at LEON ANDRE, 3i6 Stock-
ton Et.
SECOND girl, $25; 2 cooks. $30 each; house
girl, $25; house girl, San Jose, $25; Oakland,
$25; nurse, $25; woman for a small ranch, $20;
young girl to assist. $10 to $12. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl for general houseworic and cook-
ing; wages $15 to $20; .-eference required.
Apply 750 Ashbury st.
YOUNG girl to do general housework. Apply
1726 Bush st., before 12 m.
WANTED— A chambermaid. 8 Mason st.
YOUNG German girl for general housework;
$16 8364 Harrison st.
GIRL for general housework and to assist
in cooking. 2822 Pine st.
SALESWOMAN on corsets; state wages and
reference; state age. Box 472, Call.
GOOD coat finisher at HENRY PLANZ A
SON, 625 Geary st.
GIRL for light housework. Call, after 8 p. m..
722 A Green st.
GIRL for housework, 3 in family, $20; also up-
stairs girl. $15. 631 Larkin st.
TAILORESS and apprentice wanted. Apply
347 Third st.
GIRL for office work; wages $2 50 per Week.
G. G. Dye Works, 342 McAllister st.
APPRENTICE to learn hairdressing, sham-
pooing and hair work. MME. DELLA
FAUST, 240 Stockton St., near Post.
NEAT girl for light housework: family of 4;
sleep home. Bet. 9 and 1, 130 Powell st.
REAL good cook In the Mission; young
wom&p. Call 25 Third «t., DR. CHAMLEY.
APPRENTICE on first-class custom coats;
paid while learning. 803 Montgomery et.,
room 10.
EXPERIENCED dishwasher; small place;
small wages. 233 Sixth st.
AN elderly woman for plain cooking, light
housework and washing In small family;
wages $10. Apply 1521 California st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply 3448 Twentieth St., corner Capp, after
9 a. m., with reference*.
TAILORESS wanted. 251 Eighth st., Oakland.
APPRENTICES for hand work on corsets. 231
Powell st.
LADY to do light housework In exchange for
good home. 503 Larkin st.
GOOD buttonhole makers r.nd apprentices on
custom coats. 206 Minna st.
IXPERIENCED shirt operators; steady em-
ployment; best prices. EAQLESON & CO.,
535 Market st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: position*
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 10J Po»t.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions:
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister «t.
HELP WANTED— MALK.
MURRAY & READY, Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
60 woodchoppers, Santa Cruz County, $1 and
70c cord; 10 woodchoppers, Yolo .County,
tools furnished; 15 more tlemakers. tool*
furnished: 5 teamsters, city work, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife for orchard, $40 and found;
farmer and wife, vineyard, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
PORTERS COOKS WAITERS
7 cooks. $60, $40 and $30 and found: waiters,
different country hotels, $25 and $20; porter,
saloon, $25 and board; dishwashers, etc.
MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
HARNESSMAKER, country. $35 and found;
boys to learn trade. MURRAY & READY,
634-63<5 Clay st.
OFFICE boys for this office. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
. 
AT C. R. HANSEN & C0.'8....Te1. Grant 185
1500 railroad laborers for
Skaguay, fare reduced to
$12 50 Skaguay $12 50
Sub-contracts and station work, both rock
and earth, $1 to $1 50 a yard for rock, 23c to
35c a yard for earth. Further particulars and
tickets at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary
st. ; ship next Wednesday, December 7.
BLACKSMITH for Mexico who Is a good car-
riage Ironer. $5 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
LABORERS, mountain road, ship to-night. C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Gear}- st.
HORSESHOER, $2 50 a day; coal miners, $1
a ton, see boss here. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
RESTAURANT cook, $75; French broiler, $50;
cook, country chop house, $10 a week; cook,
$9 a week; kltchenhands, etc. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COLORED waiter $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. '
EXPERIENCED upstairs porter. $25. refer-
ences. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD cook, restaurant, $75. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
ASSISTANT barkeeper, country hotel, $15 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Mining foreman, $100. must gpeak
Spanish; stableman, $30 and board; farmer
and wife. $35; carriagemaker, $2 50 to $3 50;
2 office boys, $2 50 week; 5 coal miners, $1
ton; cooks, waiters, dishwashers^ and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— A German mate with German
papers. Inquire 218 East st.
GERMAN boy to work in grocerey storer cur.
Scott and Oak.
COAT and pants maker for country. Apply
24 Sutter Rt., REISS BROS.
"WANTED— A dlshwaahflr In restaurant. 118
Turk st.
GOOD man to wait on table. 406 Pacific
street.
WANTED— Cook and waiter. Call early 1008
Hyde st.
TAILORS on custom coats. 40 Ellis st.. room
54.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. Bay State Restaurant
13 Stockton st. Apply 10:30 a. m.
BOY— One who has had experience In a picture
store preferred. JONES, 547 Mission st.
LAUNDRYMAN. $40 and found. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Suter st.
WANTED— Second cook. 969 Howard et.
GOOD cook wanted! 12124 Polk St.. Model
Restaurant.
WANTED— Man to take orders for printing at
420 Montgomery St., room 33.
YOUNG man to learn horseshoeing; first-class
shop. Box 311. Call.
WANTED— Young man to join trapeze team to
fl J, t: ,, c I pwleßW not n ' c essary; must have
tIOO. Call first of week. 1190 Harrison st.
TO go to-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 23c to $1: new
shoes, slightly damaged, H price. 562 Mission
St.. bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who ore citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good -hnr-
acter and habits ond able to speak r»al and
write F.ngllsh. and be between 5 feet a Inches
and 6 feet In height. For further Infomatlon
apply at th<? Recruiting Office. 40 Ell'.s »t..
San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Lnborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, stIH
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764>* Mission
St.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c. 90c and |1 per week.
MEN' an* 1 women to take work, homo; no ex-
__perlenre neoesaarv. 136 Sixth st.. room 3.
MX.. and wom.>n to learn Imrber trade at San
_Franclßc P-rber College. imj Klghth st.
HAKHERSV Association Free Employment
Office. 8. FUCHB. Sec, M 6 Grant aye. '
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms I or
trade guaranteed, |15. 1642 Market st.
HELP Contlnned^—^
TRY Lindell House. Sixth t and ■ Howard sts i
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms; 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c, 25c per i nlgbt: 75c »
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 8634 Market st.
SAILORS. : ordinary seamen. c nt ,2 rB «: t £°* r t
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; '«• *™ P 1 I I °Z*
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers i and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary teamen wanted atl
LANE'S. 504 Davis St.. near ■ Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
. room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
. for a room; 25c a night; $lf a week.
' WINCHESTER House, 44 Third ft., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room: fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS, WASTED.
FORTY per cent for first-class solicitors; ladiei
. and gentlemen; German art. Apply 305 Edd)
St.. morning. _
AGENTS wanted to handle photo, buttons.
DEALEY BROS.. 503 Larkin st. -. _ ;
100 GOOD agents; good profits; article every
family needs. 513 Taylor st. Hours 10430- —
WAXTED-MISCELLAJiEOIS.
WANTED— High-giade '98 wheel cheap for
cash. GEO. P. KJVES. Brooklyn Hotel. >
WANTED— Hand power combined Ironing ma-
chine; state cheapest cash price. Address box
495. Call office. ■■ * - ' - __
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL. 216 Post st
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery ■tt L ______
LOST.
LADY'S watch, chain, black case, on Sixteenth
St., Oakland. Reward United States Laun-
dry, Sixteenth Ft.
RED cocker spaniel dog in Western Addition;
liberal reward. SCHMIEDELL, 307 San-
some st.
LOST— Double-barreled gun near Mount Eden,
Alameda County. Return to : IENN^NGSEN,
Alvarado Hotel, and receive reward.
$25 REWARD— Strayed from my home at Fair
Oaks Sunday night one Great Dane dog; I^4
years old; tiger marked. A. ROY HARRI-
SON.
LOST — Chestnut horse; young; white stripe on
face; sore on right shoulder. Finder return
to R. W. SCHULTZE, Fifth aye. south, and
receive regard.
LOST — A physician's pocket-book. Finder will
please return to owner. DR. C. A. CLIN-
TON, Twenty-first and Howard sts., and re-
ceive reward.
BRINDLE bull pup. Return to 1151 Harrison
st.; liberal reward.
FOUND.
FOUND— Lady's gold watch. Inquire 511 Capp
street.
MEDICAL..
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mr*. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st.. has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are 6ick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 810 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL casese of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter what cause) ; safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women:
CO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market
■t ; Dill*. $1 ; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases ; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 21
Grant aye., S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable: taka
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used: consultation fr«;
eaves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cv.<?.
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician for
87 years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly lit
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped Instantly;
hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. MRP. DR. KOHL.
1122 Market St., bet. Mason and Taylor.
WOMEN'S ailments — Ladles tn trouble, see Drs.
Goodwin free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed: any complp.ints: no In-
struments: maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; pills. $1; cure, $5: hours, 10 to 8. Re-
moved from 401 D Van Ness to 1362 A Market.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist: all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause: all cases relic- ed Immediate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 1023«. Market.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. ;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gat*
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents Oakland. CaL
MRS. ACHARD. midwife, pleasant, sunnr
home in confinement. 156 Second st. Tele-
phone Green 52.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue nve.. Los Aneeles.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
veylnp, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRER" Riißlness College, 723 Market St. : indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy. penmanship. Eiydish
braflches, etc.; life scholarship, *oO; low rates
tier week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
inpr, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day ft eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
LOCUTION & oratory: F. C. Ca!dwell:l« yrs"
experience. Emma Spreckels 1 Mr. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123S Mar-
ket st.: 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 571 Parrott bldg.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING^S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel, S. 40.
CARPETB cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 30.
STRATTON-S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240~14th
St.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKHN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate nve. : tel. East 12fi.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. 401 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 304. OF,<> WOLCOM. Proprietor.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Spreckels b1dg.,927 Market; charges moderate.
APVICE free; divorce laws; private J iT
EVANB. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank!
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg 917 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees in advance.
FLEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
STORAGE.
Office 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713,
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and Whlt»
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
U MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought sold:
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates, ME Fourth ivBUSINESS CHANCES.
' A h^wL h&Ve b ">'" to *t In anyTesuirnite
business; parties willing to sell give us a
_. call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye. '•
F ?H R partners wanted with $500 each In a big I
amusement proposition; cleared $1500 In two \
months five years ago; plant ready to put I
J. n operation: a 'straight business proposition ;
full Investigation invited. National Agency.
7 Grant aye. " w>
A ~ > ~ POSITION at $60 per month; light
f work connected <-lth established business;
I good security; full investigation. National
Agency. 7 Grant aye.
|4 9, nNt:R saloon : clears $75 month: a snap.
H~"i K rocer >' and bar; clears $75 month.
•i;'°— ** eBtaurant : No. 1 location; clears $60 mo
*'£— Branch bakery; Market st.; rent $15.
Cigar store; receipts $150 per month.
Bargain at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
A— ssso; SALOON on water front;, 10 furnished
• rooms, piano, etc.; rent $20; a good paying
place; sickness in family cause of a great '
bargain. WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st. \
A— sSso; CORNER drug store; established years; I
large prescription and ("tore trade; rent $27 50; '
no opposition in 4 blocks square. WILKE &
-UNyUG. 906 Market st.
A— s2so; DELICACY store with rooms; rent
*Z2 »0; splendid paying place: best location;
near O Farrell St.; c a bargain. WILKE &
- Market st.
$IPSO-COZY little shoestore. stock, .machine,
llv.ng rooms, garden: good trade; repairing
a.;«..a '.'; «.. Paying expenses: owner retiring.
& UNFUG. SC6 Market street.
s:<A_\veLL-PAYING saloon In fine location:
cr.eap rent; living rooms; owner has to go
country.) WILKE i UNFUG. 906 Market.
■^7l* 2 "°r WII ' L buy half Interest In >x business
mat lias n future second to none in this city.
-JLii:- °°I*LD & CO., C 32 Market *t.
A Z?. OME 'HooA bargains In cigar stands, $175,
»— >. 5300 and above; Investigate these. it will
lay you. 8. H. GOULD & CO., 632 Market.
A— RESTAURANTS from $250 to $3000: any one
wishing anything in this line will find it to
their ndvantnge to Inquire. S. H. GOULD &
CO., C 32 Market St. •
A— $1100; BAKERY and delicacies; place well
fitted up for nil kinds of cooking; wholesale
and retail trade; fine stock, which goes with
the husiness; established 5 years. S. H
GOULD & CO.. 632 Market st.
I$••-(«I $••-(«— RKSTAURANT. north of Market; bar-
paln !f sold Immediately; compelled to co
Kast. MCLAUGHLIN a CO.. 777 Market st.
$sjij— COAL oil route; horse and wagon- clears
- * 5 d *y- Mclaughlin ft co.. 777 Market. '
J2:O PARTNER -wanted; light indoor business.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
J2."O— SALOON; bargain if sold this day. Me-
I.AUGHLIX A CO., 777 Market st. ,
$:000^HOTKL in the city, building included;
pood-paying business; long lease: satisfac-
tory reason for selling. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO., 777 Market st.
iz:o -BRANCH bakery and variety store: bar-
galn. McLAUGHLIX ■& CO.. 777 Market st.
DAIRY and milk route; 4 horses; 2 wag-
ons; 4 set harness: 200 cans and all necessary
things for first-class business. JONES. 565
Market st.
$4fO~ PARTNER in • first-class meat market;
t'M established* business; In Western Addi-
tion: best lass customers; fine man. JONES,
SB5 Market st. .
$700— S A LOON; 15 furnished rooms; 20 regular
roomers; $2 I X) worth stock; sell barrel whisky
a month; b"er trade very large; any one look-
ing for genuine bargain should see this with-
out fall. JONES. 565 Market st.
$l?'">— PARTNER wanted; light business; $15 to
$20 a week each.
$300 — Coal, wood and feed business; widow
wishes to sell business; worth twice as much;
f two horses, wagon, stock, fine trade.
$400— Partner wanted light business; estab-
lished eight years; large stock; $13 to $30 a
week each; trial given."
I Full Information free at WESTERN IN-
VESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
IF you have a business for sale call on us; no
charge for booking; Information free. West- i
crn Investment Co., 9 Geary st. ...
A— Jl2OO; DELICACY and lunch; positively best
In c'.-y; receipts average $45 dally. KREDO
■& CO.. 22H Geary st. • ■•■ • ■
A— tSSO; CORNER grocery and" bar; clears $100;
fine living rooms. KREDO & CO., 22'-a Geary.
$175— COFFEE and lunch; est. 20 years; $15 to
$20 dally. KREDO & co., tt% Geary st.
J4 CIGAR stand; business corner; must be
Fold; a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22' 4 Geary st.
A— sl7s; SALOON; dally receipts $7 to $10; a
, snap; call at once. KREDO & CO.. 22ij Geary.
$1100 — Milk dairy depot; paying business; j
lease 5 years; bargain account of going
East.- N. LOWENSTEIN, 34 Kearny. St.,
• rooms 10 and 11.
' I BARGAIN; grocery and bar; 3 living
. rooms; old-established place. .See X. LOW-
. ,. EySTEIX..34 Kearny *t_ rooms 10 and 11.
BARGAIN for $250, lodging house 16 rooms.
N. LOWENSTEIN, 34 Kearny. rms 10->ll.
$l">0— PARTNER: good-paying corner . saloon:
• well stocked: business too much for one; pre-
m fer partner to help; Investigate. Call office.
CTAROAIX— Good-paying corner ' Baloon, bil-
liards and pool, to trade for couple lots or
j small ranch; Investigate. Box 1362, Call.
PARTNER, lady or man, as cashier; $50
clear. Address Box 470. Call Office.
BARBER to buy old established business. In-
quire 227 Second st. ■ '-
SHOE shop; doing fine business: good loca-
tion: cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
RESTAURANT for sale: will take a partner.
Inquire a.t once, box 427, Call office. "
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; cheap; good chance
for single man. Inquire 1119 A Folsom st.
CORNER family liquor store, with bar; good
location. ' -For particulars apply SE corner
■ Sixth arid Folsom sts.
AN elegant new house of 8 rooms. £11 Shrader
• Ft., near the park; terms easy; open for in-
spection. ■ '
WANTED— A partner with capital of $300 to
take hold of good proposition. Address' box
419. Call. : !
BUSINESS woman wishes man with small '
■ capital in restaurant business. Box 253. Call. ■
DRUG stor*, clean and complete stock and fix- ;
tures; in good location: Investigate at once; !
char. for good physician. Box 151S, Call.
"WELL-STOCKED, old established grocery and \
liquor store: 5 living rooms: cheap rent: two
Hats helping pay rent. Inquire Call office.
SILVER DOLLAR saloon, 312 Sansome st.
(with lease): make offer.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure : your county at ,
once. M. H. Cart Wright, rm. 7'". 927 Market.
COKTKE tea and spice solicitors headquarter*;
supplied «s wanted at lowest prices. 107-104
Heftle st •
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
I DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
60-room hotel and bar $7000
12 rooms: reduced from $5000 to &>OO
30 rooms; on Putter st j-aO I
2' room*; exchange for house and lot — 2200 ■
- 4<s-Rr •' CORNER H0U5E.......... i
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI- .
TURE ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
14-room house: new house and -trnlture..s 850
8 rooms; new furniture: cost $550....... . 200
12 rooms on Market; rent $40...; 450
X l -room house; only :;•••" lii j
21 rooms: corner; clears $l»0 too
41 room house; corner V.u,vv.i?2V
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st. /s
A-KREDO A CO Oeary ;; st.
Money Advanced on All Houses. ■ •
10 rooms; elegant: clears $50 $550 j
12 rooms; Ellis st.: always full 600
12 rooms; Market St.: a snap ;i:--" 4^o
13 rooms; all housekeeping; clears $80.... 850
14 rooms; near City-Hall;. cheap rent..... 800
I 17 rooms; transient: best on O'Farrell.. SoO
18 rooms; Third st.. near Market 4,.,
37 rooma; near Kearny st.; transient m
3S rooms; fine business c0rner.............' 1100
And others. Call ■nd get list. KREDO.
WINSTON * CO.. 646 Market st. '-■ \
. I? rooms; $300 cash; balance payments — $550
22 rooms; I. rand new: must sell; make offer. ..
20 rooms; doctor pays $55; rent. $65 ..:... 1,400 :
2S rooms: Post st.; fine place 1,800 >
18 rooms: near plaza 1.600 1
|00 rooma; corner; of Be—: elegant 6.000 |
i ROOMS and restaurant: fine $800
17 rooms: select: transient 1501;
IS rooms; rent $50 ••• , ••■■"
14 rooms; north of Market: clears $»0 530
n x7°?&j all new furniture S - WE WILL .
IF lor WILL CALL ON US WE WILL I
SUIT YOU c AH h TO LOCATION AND PRK'E. !
RTDE tt CO., 1206 Market st.
$350— BIG-MONEY propostlon; S3 rooms; al-
iways full; large profits; cheap rent: central;
half cash. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
LODGING house of 27 rooms; sunny comer;
first-ciaes location: cheap for cash; no agents.
Addreae box 480.. Call. __ !■
JIOO SURE profit over all expenses: 22 rooms
noar Baldwin; make offer to SPECK, ft CO.,
r," 2 Market st. ■ ■■■ -'■"'-■'
I.'iJ'GING house at ft bargain If sold to-day, i
LAI QHLIN A CO., 777 Market lit. ) '
HOUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale; cheap.
::<i Ellis st. .. •' '
TO ' jLj^s^^j^rJ^^-
TO LEASE A furnished hotel near a i la nre
factory. 3" mile* distant. Apply R. T. V. AHD
A CO.', 608 Clay st.
TYPEWRITERS. ' .
ALL tpewrlters fold and rented; few partly
» pri^s. ALEXANDER & CO.. UP Montgomery.
I T~HAMMOND. $25; Calljrraph. $15: Yost. $25;
j .*5 .wnplo work. SCOTT. 833 Montgomery it
PERSONALS.
RESPECTABLE, educated young woman "of
hlßh family connections, but in reduced cir-
cumstances, would like to meet elderly gen-
tleman commanding good salary or possess-
In*,- fomc means: object matrimony; no
trtnera. Address box 493. Call, office.
l'K. B. RALPH, genuine thermal baths. mas-
Market st.. rms. 2 & J, nr. Mason.
APPLY LEDERER'S Qulnonla Hair Tonic ahd
your hair will stop falling out. There is
nothing like it. 35c bottle. 123 Stockton st.
IF you try LEDERER'S Foamo you will have
n fine shampoo; only 5c package. Hair dress-
ing. Cio: twitches, $1 up; open Sundays and
holidays, 'j to 12. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third Ft., near Market: 200 rooms;
Be to $150 per night; $1 DO to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STRICTURE, enlarced prostate, pain in blad-
der, urinating too often cured by dissolving
bougies. J..MES FORD. 114 Fourth st.. S. F.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture:
nil kind-* to order: wholesale and retail: coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO. 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoos made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 15C0-1554 Market st.
SUITS to order en installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In : confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUXKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
•College, 916 Market; men and- women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $">
up: q>ps«p9 made over. 3 Eddy St.. rros. 14-15.
spiritualism.
ATTENTIONS -
•• . Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to Inform her patients, both old and new. that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you In full of all that
you are Interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
.To the Sick Especially ,
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered nrid copyrighted. cur«
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
_ when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
M M X. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c 606 McAllister at.; come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance.
8 p. m. ; 2.'c. 403 Leaven worth St.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs.,
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 1027'^ Mrkt.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8: 2.V; sittings' $1 233 Valencia St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
L^^^
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, rm. 10.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. :"( ; - 6th.
CONSULT the lucky medium; fee 25c. 349%
Minna st., near Fifth.
YOUR future told by cards; action guar-
anteed; ladles. 10c; gents, 25c. 77 Ninth st.
Mite. LENEMAR tells by planets: predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold. '74. 23^ Sixth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
| street. . . ■
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
| reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near -Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5, Fourth st.
MMS, BY BILLS, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture". 25c;, ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
.} . . MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT 13 60 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3. 50 per month rent;, new pianos.
Heine upright....". $235 00 .
Btelnway upright .....-..•. IS7 50
. . Chlckerlng upright:.;.... 235 00
Sohmer upright..: 113 00
Knabe upright..... 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano. I
Office of
HEINE. PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
- . . ' 136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AP we are selling good upright pianos for $(
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
tame as If purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some cood pianos for $3. $4 and
$S per month. SHERMAN. CLAY ft CO.,
Ptelnway dealer* . corner Kearny and Sutter
ste.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
ell other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms, easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to pleate and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MT'PIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A STEINWAY, $175; Steck. $160: Estey. J?2V.
Fl«cher, ?2f)0; Weber, $200; rasy payments:
pianos rented $150 up: rent alkwed on pur-
cha-V. Bruenn's Piano House. ?04 Post st.
WM. G. BAPOER. 415 Sacramento St., ager.t
for celt 1 rated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
Y( rk and Hallet A Davis Co.. Boston.
HARDMAN Agency— A beautiful Instrument,
fine tone; not the latest Ptyl". therefore cheap
for cash. Room 12. Flood building.
AN elegant Stelnway upright, but little used
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
' Piano Wardrooms. 1?18 Market st.
BF.N.T. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick- ,
erlng, Steck. Vos* nnd Sterling pianos; easy
payment*. 16 O'Fnrrell pt.
FINE upright Decker piano, ilttle used- a tar-
j;aln. 1012 Polk st.
A FINE Ptelnway and new Ohlc.kerlng uprlgh.
Facrlfteori. KEEFFES. I'm Van Ness avo.
$160- PINE Stein way: great bargain. PCHMITZ.
]« McAllister Rt.. next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mnnzy. 3% Post St.
HAINES' Bros, and other flr*t-claM pianos at
reduced price?. W. C HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upr!eht piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents »: up. HEINE. 13« Ellis St.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
I.XT! Ik CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'T.I.KR. maker, rt-pnlrer. 2 Lath.im placs.
HORSES.
60 HORPES of ever;/ description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, bugirlet,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hone Mar-
ket. *27 Sixth: auction nales every Wednes-
day atTLLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
j CHRISTMAS present for gentleman; a soll-
tnlro diamond stud for $15, cost originally
! $35. UNCLE HARRIS, U Grant aye.
FULL-BRED Mastiff dog. 10 months old; Well
trained. 62 Chesley st.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches. 10c; 10x12. 15c; 12x16,
SO, • Hxl7 Be; lfix2o. 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24. |6oj
1 2'x2B. 6°c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings, 15c; room molding, all
colors, lc per foot; colored pictures, studies.
etc 3 for 10c. JONES, 547 Mission st.. be-
tween First and Second; open evenings.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washatand*. cheap.
HTFPCIIMIDT, C 23 Golden Gate aye.
BARB "back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture end fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-lWtf Mission at.,
above Sixth.
LARGeT National cash register at 14 Mason
t.
«IX ho— «pow ar Zenith gas engine; nearly new.
Cal Belt Co.. Sl'J Mission : tel. Br. 831:
LARGE 35-foot launch; 8-foot beam; 10 horse-
poWer. Box ____J_ a J_ l _°__ e _:
RF-coND-HAND englnea, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc H. L WTUTE,,r,IB Mission st.
SAFES-The Hermann Bafe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
j rt POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1121 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES-Bargalns In new and second band; all
sizes: half original cost. tO9-Ul Market, a. V.
ELEVENTH, W -Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
THE SA3S FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 20 Mary st.. near Fifth and Mission— Double :
parlors, 7 rooms; rent $22 50.
McALLISTER, 6F.7— 515; bouse 6 rooms and
bath; sun all day.
WE can rent you a house with or without a ;
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery St. ;
• 12-ROOM house: fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
i 6t., near Market. Apply at 15 Orant aye.
FIR.MSHED HOI SES TO LET.
1 HANDSOMELY furnished house of S sunny
rooms and bath; garden. Box 4S7,_Cail office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAQB!, 4 rooms; large yard and stable. |
218 Colllngwood st.
MODERN cottage; very large grounds; large
barn and stable; houses for ptiultry; some
j distance from other dwellings; near 2 lines
of cars; rent of this property very low to a
responsible party. Apply 19 Fourth st.
fir. — NEAT cottaee, 4 rooms and yard. 1703
Turk St., near Scott.
FLATS TO LET.
EDDY, ISO 7. near Scott— Modern flat, 4 rooms
and bath; rent cheap.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements: 3435 Twentieth st., between Capp
and Howard; also 4 rooms and bath, 3442
Twentieth.
FLAT. 1213 Rush; 3 rooms, bath; gas; rent $12.
Apply at 1211H Bush ta. ; water free.
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath. BV4 Lewis St., oft
Taylor, near Post.
! GOLDEN GATE aye., 2004— New sunny modern
; upper fl at °f c rooms and bath; cheap.
! HYDE, 1716—5 new choice sunny rooms; all
I modern improvements; $20.
McALLISTER, 72C— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27: key at 728.
NINTH, 237— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
I and bath; $15.
BUNNY lower flat of 4 rooms, yard. 172 Haw-
thorne St., nrnr Harrison.
UPPER fiat in very heart of city; 910 Jones
st., bet. Pine and Bush: 8 rooms; bath; all
very sunny ; rent reduced to a desirable ten-
ant". Apply MADISON & BURKE, 626 Mar-
ket st.
WANTED— Tenants for nice flats, cottages; 10
to 30 days free; cozy 5-room cottageß, $12.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
! WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
I gotr.ery st.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st., between Eighth and Ninth.
4 AND 5 rooms and bath. 4559-4591-4593 Eight-
eenth St.. near Hattie; $12 and $13^
$11—4 ROOMS; yard. 4A Shotwell St., near
Fourteenth, bet. Howard and Folsom.
$12, $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4. 5 and
| 6 rooms. 2209 Geary St.
$13— SUNNY flat; range; hot and cold water.
101 Prospect place, corner Sacramento st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 52 Second— Sunny front suite for light hkpg, ,
$3 week: single. $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 60c.
CALIFORNIA. 705 (The Singleton)— House-
kpg rms.. fur. and unfur.; suites, single, $4 up.
EDDY. 305—1 large sunny furnished room: use
of kitchen nnd parlor; private family; reas.
i EDDY, 743— Furnished room; with running
water; $7.
EDDY, 917— Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
FIFTH, 822— Large sunny front bedroom and
Wtchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FIFTH, BS— Clean sunny furnished housekeep-
ing: 1 $12; 3. $12; single room, $5.
FOLSOM, 77W4— i connecting rooms for house-
keeping, with stove.
FOLSOM, 1581 — 2 partly furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, with bath; rent $10.
FOLSOM. 2845— 3 or 4 unfurnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; cheap; without ihillren.
FULTON, 22S bet. Van Ness and Franklin-
Front funny suite and other rooms, nicely
furnished; gas and bath.
' GOLDEN GATE aye., 311— $10 only; large sun-
ny room for light housekeeping; gas and
bath; references; private family.
GOLDEN GAT* aye., 1050—2 large sunny well-
furnished rooms for light houseneeplng; gas
stove, bath free; telephone.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 640— A corner suite, with
separate kitchen; sunny; also single rooms.
HOWARD 72 1 - — 3 s--iinny furnished h/Ju*ekeep-
lng rooms: also other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. Ws?— Sunny front parlor and house- i
keeping rooms: well furnished: reasonable.
HOWARD, 1139— Sunry furnished rooms; »ln-
t:l-' and for huusckeeping.
HOWARD. 200CA. nr. Sixteenth— 2 newly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; $8.
KEARNY, near Sutter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gaj
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
JONES. 117— Nicely furnished sunny suite for
housekeeping; private.
i KEARNY. 104 — Front suite of 2 unfurnished
rooms, $10; 3 rooms, $15.
McALLISTER. 697— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; terms reasonable; or will take
boarders.
' MISSION, 868—2 large newly furnished rooms,
kitchen and yard, complete for hkpg. $17.
! MISSION, 1217- -1 large sonny furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping^ $12.
NINTH, 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping: running water ;_st.ove.
■ OAK. 54—2 new sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas; bath.
O'FARRELL, 717— Four sunny unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap; call at grocery store.
POLK. 622— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; cheap.
! SIXTH. 218>4— Nice sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping and single; quiet house; reag.
SLVE.NTH, 191— Large front roo'ns for house-
keeping from $7 up.
j SIXTH, 420— Complete rooms for housekeeping;
also front parlor suite and single rooms.
j SIXTH, 661. rear— 3 good large unfurnished
! rooms; cheap. '
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny front rooms, nicely
furnished for housekeeping.
TAYLOR, 407— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping.
THIRD. It— l rooms suitable for housekeeping
or workshop.
THIRD. 143— Housekeeping rooms complete;
front, first floor; water, gas, bath.
TURK, 529— 2 sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; running water; $15.
TWELFTH, 40, near Market— Large sunny
front suite for housekeeping or single; $6.
'WENTIETH, 3622—2 or 3 sunny connecting
rooms furnished, bath: exclusive sink.
ROOMS TO LET.
A StTNNY front room, nicely furnished, suit-
able for lady or gent; quiet house: $1 per
week or $4 per month. Apply at shoe store,
662 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny rt.— Pleasant
runny rooms; en suite or tingle; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable,
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per *re<?k; country trade' solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BELGRAVIA. 1715 Polk st.— Just opened; ele-
gant rooms; en suite or single; furnished or
unfurnished.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth St., corner Howard-
rooms en pulte or single. 25c to $1 a night;
$1 2."> to Jo week; open all night: Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CALIFORNIA, . S32— Sunny furnished rooms;
with or without board.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and efflces.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.: $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms:
central; very desirable; $8 per month upward.
EDDY, 330, between Jones and Leavenworth—
Handsome parlor suite; also elngle rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
rionable rent.
EDDY, Gl4 — Very desirable single sunny front |
room: clocet*, bath, gas; private family; $8. j
ELLIS 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nice sumy suites
& sing., $1 50. $« wk.; 60c, $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
FOLSOM, 756— Furnished large front room, with
stove; also single; sunny; cheap.
FOURTH, 224— Furnished rooms for light hkpg;
newly furn. rms. at 244 6th; reasonable^
GEARV 408— Central location; Just opened,
cm pets and furniture new: sunny front
suites and single rooms; transient; reasona-
rle: alfcc offices.
GEARY, 622- -junny front bay-window room;
newly furnished; gas: running water.
GEARY, 556— Nice sunny suites; privilege light
housekeeping; gas range; other rooms.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4: reading-room; Howard cars
GOLDEN GATE, .TO- Parlor floor suitable for
physician or dentist; carpeted^
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite nnd
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
' HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select -family
: rooming house; $1 50 to $6 i.er Week.
HASKELL, The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
! HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 761H— Nicely furnished Bunny bay-
window and other rooms; reasonable.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Fifth— Everything
! new; rms., single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
: clent; bar in connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
; MISSION, 'J33 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
I nished rooms; transient; new house; central.
'■ OAK, 23V4 — Sunny front room, furnished.
O'FAIIRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
; PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first class.
POST. 203— Newly furnished sunny rooms, sln-
| gle and en suite, from $7 up.
POST, 1716— Neatly furnished rooms; rent rea-
i sonahle.
; POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
; furnished rooms: second floor; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
[ TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single: bath, gas.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boardinc. with
room. $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, C32— Sunny front suite, unfurnished or
furnished, to suit: sing, rms.; excellent board.
! HOTEL Sutherland. 791 Sutter -St.. corner
i Jones— Best location In the city; elegantly
furnished; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; elevator; suites, with board, $.'0
upward. Please apply between 10 a. m. and
8 p. m.
j HOTEL Falrmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; tabl»
unsurpassed: hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room.
O'FARRELL. 742— Sunny single room, with
board, $22 50; home comforts; also front room.
PINE. 743— Parlor suite, excellent board, mod-
erate; single, sunny, grate, cloeet, $25.
SUTTER. 112S— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable.
VAN NESS aye., .119— Sunny furnlshrd suites
an.l single rooms: first-class table board.
CHILDREN DOARDED.
LADY will take 1 or 2 children to board; good
home and mother's care; terms reasonable.
697 McAllister fit.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 51 Clara st.
INFANT or small child. $10 month. Apply
210 Lexington aye.
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar to let, with 3 rooms.
Northwest corner Eighth and Natoma sts.
SIXTH, 31$— Large store; suitable for gents'
furnishing or dry goods.
$9 AND $10; 2 stores, with living room. 339 Noe
st., near Market: stable If desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA RPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.:
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $13 SO
to $20. ASHTON & GART^VRR. room 210.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE to let; 16 stalls. Inquire at 410 Bay
MONEY TO LOAN.
I LOANS en furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
! NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
LOANS to salaried people holdlr.c permanent
positions: no security except their name;
ea*y payments. New Era Loan Co., rm. 25,
1003ty Broadway. Oakland: hours 10 to 3.
HIGHLY respectable aad private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamond* and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 40 1 !. Parmtt building
ON furniture, j'ianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up:
private party. BONNKLLI. ISO Powell tt.
ANY nmount nt «u> per cent on real estate, 2d
nnd Sd mortpages. estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. MdOOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st.. opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates P specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market St.
$W1 TO $50.0^; lowest rat»s; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— To borrow $1600 on fine property In
Rerkeley. For Pale— Cheap: 27 acres 'im-
proved, 10 mIW from Berkeley. P. O. box
20, Peralta. Cal.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted: loon? negotiated. PYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
DENTISTS.
I A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of treth. $5; crowns, ta; fill-
ings. 50c: teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered: consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance S Mnson St.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tnl Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
55 OBORoi W. LEES, U < )FarrelTi>t7~ejr
\ tracts or fills tenth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2. bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received S first prizes;
Do students: guarantee 12 years.
BET Of teeth, $.": fillings, gold. $1 Up; sliver, 2r.c
up; bridge work: plates repaired; all work
palnlPFs and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 9fi9 Mission St., corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Df-ntal Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings. 2,' c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
j DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1448 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
I Kpeclalty: all work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 236 Kearny; set of teeth,
I _J4; filling, gold, 50c: silver, 25c: crowns, $3.'
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 6th — Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns (8; est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H G
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
DEPARTMENT No. 10. Probate? In the
Superior Court In and for the City and
County of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia. In the matter of the estate of ISAAC
S. BELCHER, deceased. Notice Ir hereby
given that Monday, the 19th day of Decem-
ber, A. D. IS9S. at 10 o'clock a. m. of
said day, and the court room of Department
10 of said court, at the new City Hall. In
the city and county of San Franclßco, State
of California, have been appointed as the
time and place for proving the will of said
I. 8. HEI^CHER. deceased, and for hearing
the application of ADELINE N. BELCHER
for the Issuance to her of letters testamen-
tary thereon.
Dated Dec. 6, A. D. 1898.
[Seal] CHARLKS F. CURRY, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Cleric
RICHARD BELCHER, Belcher building
Marysville, <*al.. Attorney for Petitioner."
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at Its office, room 13, 320 oansome st..
Ean Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m
Saturday, December 10, 1898, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), for oix months commencing
January 1, 1599, and ending June 30, 1899
Schedules with Information and lnstuctlons
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less It Is In accordance with such schedules
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well known and re-
eponslble banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C Currlor, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a grcod and vnllc 1 con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reseives the light to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or Under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room :3, 320 Sansome
St.. San Francisco. ,Cal. By rder of the
Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
L._Js?^! POSals#
PROPOSALS.
For Sweeping and Cleaning the Public Streets, .
From the Date of the Award of the Con-
tract -to January 1,- 1802.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, December 6, . 1598. . a
In accordance •; with Resolution No. IMS
(Fourth Series) of • the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in open
session of the Board, of Supervisor* on , MON-
DA AFTERNOON. • December 12. 1898, from
2:30 to 3 o'clock, for sweeping, cleaning and
keeping clean the paved streets and alleys of
_ San Francisco,? , and those streets that may
hereafter be paved, from the date of the award
of the contract to January 1," 1902, in strict ac-
cordance with the specifications ■; prepared by
the : Merchants' Association and filed in the
office of the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
on October 20th. 1898, and adopted : and ap-
proved : by the • Board .of Supervisors on De-
cember sth. 1898. by Resolution No. 2021
(Fourth Series), copies of which can be "had
on application at this office.
NOTICE.— will submit . alternative
bids based upon the conditions imposed In the
specifications, .
Under Form "A."
Bidders will estimate and Btate a price
per 1000 square yards for all work to be done
on streets, alleys, etc., of th.c first class. ■ '■:
• Bidders, will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be done on
streets, alleys, etc., of all other classes than
the first class,
Under Form "B." •
Second— For the performance of the work
with the understanding that the sweepings
from the special district beginning at Fulton
street and First avenue; then along First ave-
nue to Washington, along Washington to Lar- j
kin. along Larkln to Market, along Market to
Valencia, along Valencia to Twenty-first,
along Twenty-first to Castro, along Castro to
Ridley, along Ridley to Buena Vista avenue,
along Twenty-first to' Castro, along Castro to
Haight to Masonic avenue, along Masonic
avenue to Frederick, along Frederick to Stan-
yan. along Stanyan to Fulton, along Fulton to
point of beginning, to be known as Golden Gate
Park Dumping District, are to be conveyed to
and delivered to Golden Gate Pnrlc at a point
opposite the entrance at Fifth avenue.
Bidders will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to be done on
streets, alleys, etc., of the first class. • :
■ Bidders will estimate and state a price per
1000 square yards for all work to, be done on
streets, - alleys, ' etc., of all other classes than
the first class. ■■,-■••••.
■ The lowest bid will 1 be ascertained by mul-
tiplying the figure proposed for streets "of the
first class by the figure 1. and by multiplying
the figure proposed for all other streets by .the
figure 2, nnuing the results together and divid-
ing their sum by the figure 3. The lowest '■ re-
sult will be considered the lowest average bid.
And it is to be distinctly understood that no
bid will be entertained which does not con-
form to all the requirements set t forth i In
the specifications for the guidance of the bid-
ders. . •■-•---.
Also, it is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two (2) dollars per day. " ; .-';-.
.The party or parties to whom this contract
Is awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the contract, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice in three dally
newspapers. j
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the Board of Supervisors has
resolved to receive no bids unless made upon
blank forms prepared by the committee, and
each bidder will be required "to deposit with
thp Clerk of the Board of Supervisors (with his
bid) a certified check, ; drawn to the order of
said clerk, upon some bank In 'the City and
County of San Francisco, . In -the sum of ten
thousand ($lO, dollars TTnltea States gold
coin, conditioned If ' the proposal be accepted
and the contract awarded, and If the bidder
) fihall fall or . neglect to pay the- printing
charges, execute ' a written contract ■ therefor
«nd plve the bond required, which is hereby
fixed In the sum of twenty-five thousand ($25,-
.000) dollars within. six (6) days after the award
is made, or fall to commence the work on the
execution of the contract, when directed i by
tho Superintendent of Streets, then and in that
case the said sum shall be paid Into the City
and County Treasury by said clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect. !
; The- Board reserves the right to award a
contract. for the above work either- under
Form "A" or Form "B." or reiect all bids If
the public good so require. The Board "also
reserves the right to- terminate the contract nt
any time If the party or parties to whom the
same shall he awarded shall not perform -the
work . in strict accordance with the specifica-
tions. - " ... .....
Blank* furnished by the Clerk
JXO. A. RT'SSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS
For the Erection of an Engine Hous« on
Tenth Avenue. Between I and J Streets.
OFFICE OF THF. CLERK OF TUT? BOAP.D
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco. December 6. 189*.
In accordance with Resolut' n No. 2111
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, December 12, 18SR
fn.m 2:3f> to S o'clock, for the erection of an
enplne home on Tenth avenue, between "I"
and "J" streets, for the use of the Fire De-
partment. In accordance with the plans and
specifications nnd the conditions set forth In
the said specifications, prepared by Charles
It. TVllaon. Architect, to be se«n at the office
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, first
floor. City Hall, all the work to be performed
to the satisfaction of the Chief Engineer and
the Board of Fire OommiFsloners.
,*£ he bu ; llriin * to be completed within eighty
(RO) working days from the date of MKnlnir
the contract.
Any delay In the completion of the building
will be charted to the contractor at the rate
of twenty (KO 00) dollars per day, and the
total amount will be deducted from the con-
tract sum.
Payments will be made on rr.e first day of
each month at the rate of seventy-five (75)
per cent of the value of th« work done, «>n<J
the balance thlrty-flve . (35) days after' the
completion and acceptance of the building-
The work of construction to be done In
strict accordance with the plans and ppcoiflcE-
tlons. under the supervision and dir^tlon of
Charles R. Wilson. Architect, and the District
Engineers of. the Fire Department.- .
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and
the minimum rate of wages to be paid on
said work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
• Bidders will estimate and state a prlc° for
which the entire work will be performed In
accordance with the plans and speciflc-ulr.ris
The party to whom the contract ninv bo
awarded will he ■ required, prior to 'or at th»
time of the execution of said contract to
ray the cost of advertising this notice In three
dally newspapers... . . , ,
In order to preserve uniformity and to facili-
tate the award the Board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by ' the committee, and a. certified
check on pome bank In the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
(|E00) dollars deposited by the bidder with hi*
bid and made payable to the Clerk of the
Hoard of • Supervisors, conditioned If the pro-
posal be accepted and the contract awarded,
and If the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay
the printing charges/execute the contract aid
grive the required bond within six day* after
th« award is made, then and In that case the
said sum shall be pnld Into the Cltv aid
County Treasury by said ■ Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and negl"t *
Blanks furnished by the Clerk. •""■-" '
XiJ he i* I l?? r ' 1 l p ,7 en ' es the • rl u t0 reject all
bids If the public good so require.
,   JNO. A. ■.■ItUSSELIi, Clerk.
PROPOSALS.
To Construct and Furnish Two (2> Monitor
Batteries for Use of the Fire Department
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF THE BOARD
of Supervisors of the City and County of San
Francisco, December 6, IS9S.
In accordance with Resolution No 2011
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors on
MONDAY AFTERNOON. December 12, 1898
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the manufacture
and delivery of two (2) monitor batteries for
use of the Fire Department. The said moni-
tor batteries to be constructed In strict accord-
ance with specifications, to be seen at the Fire
Department Corporation Yard, No. 62 Sacra-
mento street. Said monitor batteries to be ap-
proved by and constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Committee on Fire Department of the Board of
Supervisors.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate and state a.
price for which they will manufacture and
deliver the two (2) monitor batteries, complete
In every particular nnd ready for use, to the
Board of Fire Commissioners, to be furnished
within a period of not more than seventy (70)
days from the signing of the contract: and If
not so furnished, the sum of $10 per day to be
deducted from the contract price for each and
every day over and above said period until
furnished and delivered to the Board of Fire
Klght : hours to - constitute, a . day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and the
minimum rate of wages to.be paid on said
work to be two ($2) dollars per day. ■■ .•■■ ;  >
: The party to whom the, contract. Is awarded
j will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, - to pay the cost of
advertising . this notice • In three dally news-
papers. r.V- .•'." : '."•■• ■■-.-; , ■-.',.,- ,■.■•.-.-.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the i award the ■ - Board has ■ resolved ' to
receive no bid unless made upon blank 5 forms
prepared by: the : committee, and • a = certified
check on some bank in the City. a.nd County of
San . Francisco '■ for the sum of = one ■ thousand
(J3000) dollars deposited by the bidder with his
bid and made payable to the Clerk of the Board
of Supervisors, conditioned jlf .the proposal be
accepted and the . contract awarded; - and . If , the
bidder shall fail or neglect. to pay the printing
charges. ' execute the contract \ and give the re-
quired bond within ■ six days j after the award
Is made, then -and in that case the said ; sum
shnll be - paid Into - the City and County
Treasury by ; said . Clerk as liquidated ' damages
for such failure and neglect. : .
r ßlanks furnished. by the Clerk. -
The • board reserves • the •> right to reject all
bids if the public good so. require: • . . . ■-■,
' . ' J.VO. A. RUSSEL.U Clerk.
PHYSICIANS. .
REMOVAL, i Notice— Dr. C. C.', O" Donneii," of fie*
and residence. 1021% Market, bet. «th and 7th.
HATES, 329— Branch t office of The Call. Bub-
; scriptions and: ads : taken. ;V- :; ii - ",
CITY REAL ESTATE.
NEW 3-room cottage with level lot, near Mis-
sion and Thirtieth sts.; $10 monthly. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery St.
CHOICE
PARK LOTS.
TERMS $5 MONTHLY.
Five weeks ago we placed on tl - mar^-t 100
lots fronting on Bth, 9th, 10th and 11th avenues,
and not a great way south of Golden Gate Park
and we have only a few of them left.
OVER 60 LOTS SOLD.
Prlceß $270 and Upward.
$25 Canh— Balance $5 Monthly.
An excellent opportunity to make money,
values bound to rise, no property in the city
has such a future. Grand views of the bay,
Golden Gate Park and Its many attractions.
Close to the Affiliated Colleges. Don't wait,
go out to-day to see them. It won't be time
wasted.
BOTH BLOCKS GRADED AND FENCED.
HOW TO GET -MERE.
Take Halght or Ellis' street cars and transfer
to the new electric road (taking the place of the
old pteam dummy), get off car at Ninth avenue
and II street. We have a branch office there
open daily (Sundays and holidays included).
Blue cars on M.setnn and Ellis etreets run
direct from the ferries.
BALDWIN & HO WELL,
10 Montgomery st.
NOTICE to property owners— Sealed proposals
are desired by the Board of Fire Commission-
ers at their office. New Pity Hall, from own-
ers of real property, suitable for engine-
house proposed, on the block bounded by
Second and Third. Mission and Howard sts..
stating dimensions of lot. location and low-
est purchase price. By order of the Board of
Fire Commissioners, GEORGE MAXWELL.
Clerk. San Francisco, Nov. 28, 1898.
$5000— ONLY $1400 cash; oorner: 22d and Flor-
ida sts., with 3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath,
and space on corner for 4 more flats; lot 50x
100.
132-.0 — Cottage, 6 rooms; Halght, near Bu-
chanan; 25x95.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY. Build-
er, .'2l X st., Sunset district.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
150-ACRE peach, pear, prune and almond
orchard, near Oakland; to rent, At SPECK
& CO.'?, 602 Market st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
114,000— modern apartment building In
Chicago, rented for 11100 a year; to exchange
for clear San Francisco or Oakland. Address
Owner, box 429 Call office.
WILL exchange , corner ■ business. Improved
property in heart of city for unimproved.
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1709
Market st. ■ . .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ARE you . paying . rent owing to lack of suffi-
cient-funds to purchase a home? If so, don't
watt any longer or property will en!«cnce and
you can't touch it. You can buy now on
monthly payments with privilege of paying
up at any time. For particulars . address
"North Oakland Real Estate Headquarters,"
470 Thirteenth St., Oakland. 1  . .*. •
FOR sale in Oakland— New house, 1 rooms and
. bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
; lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 8 minutes from
railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB. 1060 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1229— Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets: reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE-^-Good und cheap. H. SCHELJ,-
HAAB' old »tnT». 40Jt. KJ»r»ntN at. " (**• Mm
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— 6o cents on the dollar; one 5, one 6
and one 7 room cottage; also for investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent; best
locution. Apply to A. R. DENKE SR.. Web-
ster-st. station, narrow gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms: call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park st.
BEFORE you buy or build s»e our bargains.
Alrun»da Land Company, Installment home
builders nnd real estnte agents, 3300 Park St..
Alameda. Cal.
BERKKLKY REAL, ESTATE.
FOR Trade— A lovely Berkeley home; value
$4."irtO; for wheat and fruit ranch of equal
value. Write for particulars, O. O. MAY &
CO., 2123 Center at., Berkeley:
FOR Trade — A fine, central. Improved city lot,
46XU5, value $2Q')O, for country property near
Napa. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St.,
Berkeley.
COMPLETE home; 1 block south of the U. C. ;
elegant k&b fixtures; porcelain bath, finished
In natural wood; Bunny frontage; flowers and
fruit trees; a perfect home; send for photo.
Address M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE— A fine 7-room house: all th«
latest improvements; large lot; street work
all done; 4 blocks from university grounds.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley sta-
tion.
FOR RENT— A small house and 3 acre* of lan«;
Just fhe place for a chicken ranch: rent $12.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley.
GOLDEN GATK REAL ESTATE.
WORKMEN. ATTENTION!— A good7~substar^
tial house with corner lot 50x100, at Golden
Gate, near race track; taken for an f 1100
debt; small amount down; balance same as
rent. M. L. WURTS. Seventeenth and Broad-
way. C'akian'l.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Henry Conners and Jessie Bowman D3-1S
Henry Young and Mary Dougherty ..28-23
William .Toppph and Grace O. Shade 34-23
Alfred E: Wayborn and Annie S. Turner.. 34-36
Henry Schneider and Antonie Durr 35-32
Ari'lr»w .T. Blakeley and Mary F. Carry 34-28
IIETiPmRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
PERXT-In Salinas, December 2. 1898, to the
wife of Martin Bprnt, a «on.
LICHTEXSTEIX-In Oakland, CaU. Novem-
ber 30, 1898, to the wife of Samuel Llchten-
steln. a daughter.
MAILOUGH— In South San Francisco. Novem-
ber 25, 1898, to the wife of William Mailough,
a daughter.
PEYSER— In this city, December 2, 1898, to the
wife of A. L. Peyser, a daughter.
MARRIED.
FREDRIKSON— HARPER— In this city. De-
cember 1, 1898. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler.
Albert Fredrikson and Modesta Harper.
REICH— GOLDSTEIN— tn this city, December
4, 189S, by Cantor D. Meyerson, Adolph Reich
of San Francisco and Pauline Goldstein of
Petaluma.
SPREEN— WERXER— In this city. December
4, 1898. by the Rev. F. W. Fischer. William
Spreen and Sophie Werner, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SWAXFELT-LINDBLAD— In this city, De-
cember S, 1898. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler,
Charles Pwanfelt and Anna Lindblad.
""died.
Bafrett, Ellen McGlnnls, James 8.
Black, William L. McNnmara. John F.
Clothier, Mrs. Mary Marcus, Ida
Crawley, Miss M. Morton, Thomas
Creed, Fanny O'Shaughnesse.y. C.
Dow, Capt. F. A. Phillips, Nellie
Glnocchio, Mary G. Purcell. Margaret T.
Hartnett. Maurice I* Rourke, Bridget
Hanshrough. George Schrncner, John
Herbst. Catherine Sheehan. Michael
Keennn. James Smith. Fannie
Kennedy, Lieut. C. Terklenburs, Daisy
Klee, Jane B. Treacy. Thomas
Klingnpr, Margaret Vanslett. Mary J.
Lawson, Rollo W. Wetjen. Heronimus
Lewis, Lester W. Williams. Joseph
BARRETT— In this city, December 4, 18S8, El-
len, dearly beloved wife of Lquis Barrett.
and mother of Mrs. C. Dlercks, Mr. T. Bar-
rett, Mrs. J. Haskell and Mrs. E. Oster, a na-
tive of Australia, aged 64 years 2 months and
3 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from 2905 Sixteenth
street, nenr Folsom. Interment Cypress
Lnwn Cemetery by electric funeral ear from
Fourteenth and Folsom streets.
BLACK— In this city. December 4, 1898, Wil-
liam Lyne, eldest son of Alfred I*, and Fan-
nie J. Black, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 years and 24 days.
i |tS r Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at
1:30 o'clock, from the family residence, 1316
fireen street, between Polk and Larkln. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
CLOTHIER— In Oakland, December 5, 1898,
Mrs. Mary, beloved wife of E. C. Clothier,
daughter of Mrs. B. Miller, and sister of
Mm. J. Gwln. a native of California, aged 34
years 10 monthß and 11 days.
CRAWLEY— In this city, December 5 1898, at
St. Mary's Hospital. Miss M. Crawley, a na-
tive of New Brunswick, aged 50 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8 o'clock, from St. Mary's
Hospital, thence to the chapel of St. Mary's
Hospital, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the rer< n s<" of her soul, com-
mencing at S:3O o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CREED— In Sausallto, December 4. IK9S, Fanny,
beloved wife of John E. Creed, and daughter
of the late Captain Henry McNeill, H: B. C,
a native of British, Cdlumbla. 'aged 1 53 years.
(Victoria papers please copy.)
(t?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Mary't
Catholic Church, Sausalito.
DOW— At sea, November 2, 1898, Captain Free-
man A., beloved husband of Nellie B. Dot*.
and father of Harold and Myrtle Dow, a na-
tive of Qutncy. Mass., aged 45 years 5 months
and 2 days. (Qulncy and Boston. Mass., and
Providence, R. L, papers please copy.)
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
- -to arrive from Honolulu on bark C. D.Bryant.
GINOCCHIO— In this city, December 3. 1898,
Mary G., dearly belovpd wife of G. G. Ginoc-
■ chio, mother of Clorinda, Lillian, Isabelle,
! Arthur and Ethel Ginocchio. daughter of
Mrs. M. and the late Joseph Guinasso. and
j sister of Mrs. J. Devoto, Mrs. A. Cordano.
Mr?. M. L. Spinettl and Joseph, John and
' Teresa Gulnasso, a native of New York, aged
34 years.
E7"Friends and acqualr.'-inces are respect-
fully notified that funeral takes place this
day (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 1712 Stockton street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Church, where at 11
o'clock a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, and
thence to cemetery.
HANRBROTJGH— In this city, December 5 H9S,
George, husband of Mary E. Hansbrnugh,
and father of Mnry BS. Hlunt, Isabelle Mc-
iv.nald. J. W., G. W., O. C. and S. L. Hans-
brouph and Emma Stephens, a native of Vir-
ginia, aged 73 years 10 months and S days.
{C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, J. W. Hansbrough, 11. ">5 Stanyan
street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARTNETT— In Ukiah, December 4. !Sf>s. Mau-
rice L.. beloved son of Daniel and the late
Annie Hartnett, a native of San Francisco,
a«ed 26 years.
CyFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
8 o'clock, from the parlors of McAvoy & Co.,
1235 Market street, between Eighth and Ninth,
thence to St. James Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 'J o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HERBST— In this city, December 6. IS9B, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Charles Herbst, and
mother of John, Charles, William and Cath-
erine Hfrbst and Mrs. Waltermire a native
of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 56 years 3 months
and 24 dnyp.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mqrrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her lat*
residence, 2501 Van Ness avenue, corner of
Union street, thence to 11M2 o'clock train,
Vnlpneln-street depot. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
KEENAN— In this city, December 4, W.
James Keenan, a native of Louisiana, aged 63
years.
KENNEDY— In Nobel, Alameda County, Cal..
December 6. IR9B, Lieutenant Charles D. Ken-
nedy, a native of New Bedford, Mass.
E7Due notice will be given of thd funeral.
KLEE— In Oakland. Cal.. December 4. IS9B.
Jane B. Klee, a native of California, aged 45
years.
KLINGNER— In this city, December 4. UN,
Margaret, beloved wife of Alexander Kllni?-
ner.a native of San Francisco, afced 38 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-momw
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 123
Stockton street, comer of Geary, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, corner of.^Califomla
I and Dupont streets, where a requiem ma*s
I will be celebrated for -the. repose, of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LAWSON— In this city, December 5. 1398. Rollo
Welfred, beloved son of Sophie and the late
August Lawson, a native of San Francisco,
neeil 6 years 10 months and 1 day.
LEWIS~In this city. December 3. IS9*. Lester
Ward, youngest son of Euphemla and the late
George H.Lewis and brother of Minnie J. and
Harry Lewis, a native of San Francisco, aged
16 years and 7 months.
McGINNIS— In this city, December 5. MM,
James S., son of J. C. and the late Catherine
MeGinnls, and brother of Mr?. A. C. Beedo. a
native of Virginia City, New, aged 33 years.
McXAMARA— In this city, December 4. lß9»,.Tohn
X.. dearly beloved husband of gavinla Mc-
Namara. and brother of Mrs. R. J. Harrison
and J. A. McNamara, a native of Albany,
N. V.
(CTThe funeral will take place to-morr >w
CWednesdav}, at 9 o'clock, from his late r"«i-
dencp, r,33 Webster street, thence to St. Mary' 9
Cathedral, v/here a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
MARCUS— In Los Angeles, December 4. 1898,
Ida, beloved daughter of the late Isaiah and
Sarah Marcus, and sister of Lillie, Frances,
Moses and Eugene Marcus and Mrs. J. B.
Solomon of Los Angeles.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington street,
between Seventh and Eighth, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
MORTON— In this city, December 3, OSB,
Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Margaret
Morton, and father of Mrs. Mary Walker, a
native of Stirlingshire, Scotland, aged 6S
years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from R. B. Hall,
121 Eddy street. Funrral under the auspices
nf Pacific Lodse No. 13<5. F. and A. If.
By train from Third nnd Townsend streets to
Cyjiress Lawn Cemetery.
VKTKRAX VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S ASPO-
ciation — Officers and members are requested
to assemble at headquarters. 24 Fourth street,
this day (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late brother. Thomas M< r-
ton. STEPHEN BUXXER. President.
JAMES PENNYCOOK. Rec. Sec.
O'PHAUGHNESSEY— In this city, December 4.
IS9S. Charles O'Shaughnessey, a native of
County Limerick. Ireland, aged 29 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend ttie funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1316*4 Mission street, thence tn St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PHILLIPS-In this city, December 5, 1898,
at her residence, 12»4 Hill street, Nellie, be-
loved wife of John S. Phillips, daughter of
Mrs. John Griffin of Tomales, and sister of
Mrs. J. B. O'Connor, Mrs. P. Mulvenay (de-
ceased) and James L., Lizzie and Frances
Griffin, a native of Tomales, Marin County,
aged 35 yeans.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
December 8, at Tomalrs on the arrival of the
7:20 train from San Franclsro.
PURCKLL— In thi* city. December 4. I«3S, Mar-
paret Teresa Purcell. beloved mother of
Frank, Mamie and Gussle Purcell and Mrs.
J. Phillips, a native of Now York, aged 50
years.
(CTFriends sre respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday*, from
her late residence, C 62 Haight street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
poul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
IKiVRKE— In this city. December 5. 1898, Bri '.-
get. beloved wife of Terrence Rourke. and
mother of Mrs. Charles Hegarty. Mrs. Alfred
Berg and Magßie. James H. and John T.
Kourke, a native of County Longford; Ire-
land, aged 74 years and fi months.
Rc'HROEPER— In this city December S, ISPS,
at his residence. 1330 Valencia street. John
Schroeder. beloved father of John and Lewis
C. Pchroeder and Mrs. F. Casement of Napa,
Cal., a native of Denmark, aced 6S years and
8 months.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of the Golden Gate Undertak-
ing Company, 2429 Mission street, near
Twenty-first.
SHEEHAN —In this city. December 4. 1898..
Michael, beloved husband of Margaret Shee-
han, and father of the late Sarah Sheehan, a
native of Ireland, aged 56 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 2011 Filbert street, thence to St.
Brlgid's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
SMITH— In this city, December 3, 1898, Fan-
nie, beloved wife of Charles L. J. Smith,
daughter of the late Joseph M. Deutsch and
the late Bridget Deutsch, and sister of Sarah
Jenkins and Mary Gilfether. a native of San
Francisco, aged 19 years 4 months and 9 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
j'pny, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment .1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TECKLEXBURG— In this city. December 4,
1898, Daisy C, only and beloved daughter of
August and Daisy Tecklenburg, a native nf
Snn Francisco, aged 2 years 8 months and 24
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from their resi-
dence. 5158 Filbert street, between Stockton
and Dupont. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
TREACT— In this city. December (L I«9S.
Thomas, beloved son of Thomas F. and Cath-
erine A. Treacy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month and 7 days.
VAXPLETT— In this city. December 5. MM,
Mary J. Vanslett, a. native of Ireland, aged 34
years.
WETJEN— In Alameda. December B, 1»98.
Heronimus, son of the late Katherine A. Wet-
Jen, and brother of Mrs. S. Girnther Mrs. L.
Probst. John and Henry Wetjen and Mrs.
Anna Ficken, a native of Germany, aged 63
years.
WILLIAMS— In this city. Decemher 3. AM,
Joseph Wllllamß, a native of Chile, ared 45
years.
(tTTriends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Oast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from 13
Virginia place, between Stocktnn and Powell
Streets, Pacific and Broadway, thence to
Yillesla de Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe.
•where services will be held for. the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
' (Successors to Flanagan 4 Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL:TEIUL
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln bcbooL
Telephone South 80.
1314
ALL IS READY FOR
THE BOTKIN TRIAL
A Number of Witnesses in the Case
From Delaware Arrive With
Detective McVey.
John P. Dunning Will Give the Prosecution All the
Assistance in Bis Power — Defense Expects an
Acquittal — Mrs. Botkin in Court,
After a futile effort to extradite Mrs. Cordelia Botkin, accused
of sending a box of poisoned bonbons to Dover, Del., which caused
the death of two women, the authorities of California and Delaware,
in order that justice may be done, have united to prosecute the de
fendant under the statutes of this State. This case, which is witnout
a parallel in criminal jurisprudence, has attracted world-wide at
tention, first because of the enormity of the crime and second be
cause of the possibility that a person may commit a dastardly mur
der and escape punishment because of a defect in our criminal laws.
The trial of the accused woman is about to begin, but if the jury
finds for conviction the jurisdiction of California will be denied,
and the question carried to the Supreme Court for determination.
The defense, relying upon the weakness of the prosecution, has not
seen fit to raise this point until all evidence against the defendant
has been submitted and passed upon by the jury. Beyond me legal
technicalities the public has a deeper and an anxious interest in
this celebrated case. A murderer sent an agency of death through
the mails from this city and it accomplished its fiendish errand, and
if it be proved that Mrs. Botkin posted the package and yet can es
capfe punishment, every person having a known or unknown enemy
need feel alarmed.
THE selection of a jury which Is to
decide whether or not Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin is a modem Borgia or an in
nocent woman will begin this morn-
Ing in Judge Carroll Cook's court. The
Delaware witnesses are here to testify
against the woman accused of poisoning
Mrs. J. P. Dunning and Mrs. J. D. Deane.
The case was set for yesterday, but court
adjourned until 10 a. m. to-day out of
respect for the late Judge Borden, whose
funeral was held in the afternoon. Mrs.
Botkin will be tried first for the murder
of Mrs. Dunning.
John P. Dunning, husband of the mur
dered woman, has arrived in the city and
ivill make a clean breast of his relations
with Mrs. Botkin. He believes she is j
guilty and will not spare her or attempt j
in avoid unpleasant notoriety for himself.
He declare? that everything that could be
eaid against him has been printed from
one end of the country to the other, and |
he is indifferent to any comment whicli i
can now be made. Dunning did not arrive j
with the other Eastern witnesses. He
came from Chicago by the Central route,
while the others came from Delaware by
the Southern route.
The Delaware witnesses reached the
city at 4:45 last evening, and are now
quartered at the Grand Hotel. They were
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TORTURED
BABIES
AND
TIRED
MOTHERS
Find instant relief, rest and
[sleep in a warm bath with
fifties
and a single anointing with CU-
TICURA, purest of emollients
and greatest of skin cures.
This is the most speedy, perma-
nent and economical treatment
for torturing, disfiguring, itch-
ing, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted and pimply skin, and
scalp humors of infants and
children, with loss of hair.
Save Your Hair Warm shampoos with
CUTICURA SOAP, fol-
lowed by light dressings with Cuticura, pur-
est of emollient skin cures, will clear the scalp
and hair of crusts, scales and dandruff, soothe
irritated and itching surfaces, stimulate the
hair follicles, supply the roots with energy and
nourishment, aad thuß produce luxuriant hair,
with clean, wholesome scalp.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTICURA
SOAP, 25c. CUTICURA (ointment) EOc. POT-
TER DRUG & CHEM. CORP., Sole Props.,
Boston. British Depot, 1 King Edward st.,
London. Depot Francals, 113 Faubourg St.
Honore, Paris. Send for "Face, Hands and
Hair" book mailed free.
due here Sunday, but their train was
wrecked at Jennings, N. M., which caused
a delay of twenty-seven hours. All the
party are in excellent health, though
somewhat fatigued by the long journey.
The witnesses are: Ex-Congressman John
B. Pennington, father of the victims;
Joshua D. Deane, husband of one of the
murdered women, and his motherless
daughter. Leila; Miss Josephine Bateman
who ate some of the deadly bonbons and
narrowly escaped the fate of Mrs. Deane
and her sister; Ethel J. Mtllington, niece
of the dead women, who was also made
it by eating the arsenic-laden candy;
Harry Pennington, a nephew who carried
hi*JSf Package T from the postofflce to
his aunt; P 1 " 8 - P. L. Downs and L. A. H.
Bishop, who sought with all their skill
to thwart the fiend's purpose; Dr. T R
\\olf State Chemist of Delaware, who
found enough arsenic in the candy to kill
Dover e «nr^? ns; Postmaster Gooden of
Dover and Attorney General R. C. White
the° S?V° 8^ ln the Prosecution of
me alleged murderess. The party left
the ™rf °of "SS Tue day ~S?niS2
VlevVv u.h State Detective Bernard J.
to take AY« Ca 5 1 iJl cr l Several weeks a&0a &0
at Tracv V«V «n Ed f Gibso t? met the witnesses
at i racy and from there telegraphed for
Ch| e °f n TIl a [ inns , for the entire par-
P. ran n ( '- 7£, da >' Eastern witnesses will
\t < i°" sulted by the Prosecuting Attorney
lx£L * ay , f amiliarize himself with
SSW?!? 11 *^,**? testimony they are to
give at the trial. Last night Mr. Hosmer.
Chief Lees Attorney General White and
Detective McVey went over the case in a
general way, and when the taking of tes
timony begins they will be prepared to
present the strongest case possible.
When the party left Delaware ex-Con
gressman Pennington, who is well along in
years, was not in the best of health and
his relatives and friends feared the trip
ana its attendant worry would be too
great a strain upon his strength. Fortu
nately his indisposition was only tempo
rary and he reached the end of the Jour
ney in better health and SDirits than when
he started. Mr. Pennington did not care
to discuss the terrible fate of his daugh
ters or the purpose of his visit here. He
was deeply, interested, however, in learn
ing all he could about Mrs. Botkln, where
she was imprisoned, her appearance, and
the proceedings in court yesterday. The
few expressions he made on the case indi
cate that he believes the accused woman
is guilty and he hones to see her convict
ed. He is familiar with the penal statutes
of California and can see no reason why
a speedy trial should not be had and exact
justice meted to the defendant.
J. D. Deane, whose grief over the terri
ble death of his wife is undiminished, ex
pressed himself with extreme bitterness.
"We all feel bitterly over this case and
think the murderess of my wife and her
sister should have been Bent to Delaware
for trial.
"We all want to get through with the
case and return home as quickly as possi
ble. Drs. Bishop and Downs have l«ft
their practice; Attorney General Whit©
had to turn his official and private affairs
over to others and Dr. Wolf is forced to
neglect his duties while out here. We hope
the trial will not be delayed and that we
can start homeward ■in ten days or two
weeks, at the farthest."
John P. Dunning, whose wife is believed
to have been the particular object of the
alleged murderess' hate, has come pre
pared to be roasted by Mrs. Botkin's at
torneys and by the newspapers.
He said last night: "I am here to give
testimony in court and not to the news
papers. I have been in the newspaper
business a great many years and often
criticized people whom I believed ought
to have talked for publication; but I
know how it is, and even here among my
friends, the men I worked with, I shall
not give the substance of my evidence
until I am on the witness stand. Then I
shall tell all and the lawyer and the news
papers can say what they please about me.
Everything evil that could be said has
been printed from here to New York, and
I am calloused to further attacks. I have
not gone to the devil and I am not going
there."
"When I left here last March I admit I
was in a bad way, but I went to New
York to get a fresh start. From there I
went to Havana, where I was the Asso
ciated Press correspondent prior to the
war. When hostilities were opened I
went to Santiago and was all througli the
campaign and • took as many chances as
any correspondent. I underwent terrific
ordeals and was working to recover my
former standing and was successful. My
only desire was to return to New York,
have my family with me and again be
happy. This desire was all but fulfilled,
when my wife was murdered. When the
news reached me I was ln Porto Rico. I
returned home immediately. I went to
Delaware and told the authorities every
thing I knew which had any bearing on
the crime. Since August I have had sev
eral good offers to return to Cuba, but 1
refused in order that I might come here
when needed and not be accused of at
tempting to shield a criminal with whom
I had been formerly • associated It is
true I wrote to Mrs. Botktn. but the
charge, by innuendo, that I in any way
conspired to murder my wif i is the gross
est Injustice that could be done any man.
I am subject to criticism, I know, but I
am not going to let that, deter me from
laying bare the worst chapter in my
whole life. I want the murderer of my
wife punished."
Mrs. Botkln appeared in Judge Cook's
court yesterday neatly attired in a close
fitting black' suit, with a new black hat
and heavy veil. . Ker manner did not in
any way indicate that she was nervous or
apprehensive as to the result of the trial
which may condemn her as a double mur
deress. She trusts in her attorneys' as
surance that she will be acquitted. . Im
mediately after court ■ was called Judge
Cook announced that an adjournment
until this morning would be taken in re
spect to the late Judge Borden, whose
funeral service was to be held in the
afternoon. The • attorneys made no ob
jection to the adjournment, and his Honor
then ordered a rollcall of the special
venire of 150 talesmen, from whom twelve
Jurors are to be drawn.
I The court room j was filled with citizens
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1898.
CROSSED THE CONTINENT TO TESTIFY AGAINST MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN.
Delaware Witnesses in the Dover Poisoning Cas? Arrive in Time for the Trial of the Accused Woman, Which
Begins To=Day.
who. had been summoned as Jurors and a
large number of curious individuals, who
craned their necks to get a glimpse of
the now famous prisoner. When Mrs.
Botkin and "her faithful sister. Dora
Brown, passed through the corridors from
the Sheriff's office to the court room they
ran a gauntlet of Inquisitive eyes, but
neither was embarrassed or perturbed in
the least. The defendant took a seat lac
ing his Honor and beside her associate
counsel, Messrs. McGowan and Wheeler.
George Knight, chief counsel for the de
fense, was not in court, as he knew the
adjournment was to occur.
Mr. Botkin was not present at the pro
ceedings yesterday. All the witnesses
were excused until to-morrow.
Attorney Knight is confident that his
client will be acquitted. He declares no
delays will be asked and that the de
fense is anxious for a speedy trial. He
outlined Mrs. Botkin's defense ln a few
words yesterday, saying:
"The defense will combat the corpus de
licti. The prosecution cannot establish a
case and the defendant will be acquitted.
All the witnesses from Delaware and all
those here cannot prove that Mrs. Dun
ning and her sister died from arsenical
poisoning. The doctor may testify that
the ante-mortem symptoms were similar
to those where arsenic has been adminis
tered, but their opinion won't hang any
one. They can't prove the charge. As
for the handwriting, we won't pay much
attention to that. The testimony of ex
perts doesn't amount to much and espe
cially when it comes to convicting a
woman of murder. The whole case of the
prosecution is flimsy and the taxpayers
should never have been put to the $30,000
or $40,000 expense to try a case which must
fail. The defense will not obstruct progf
ress in securing a jury. We will be satis
fied with any twelve ordinarily intelligent
citizens."
Judge Cook and Attorneys Hosmer and
Knight think the trial will not last over
ten days.
OFFICERS FOR
THE NEXT TERM
Choice by Members o?
Fraternities.
Inter Nos Circle, Companions of the Forest
of America, has elected the following named
officers for the ensuing term: Hiss Emma
Oakes, C. C. ; Mrs. Sophie Coyle, S. C. C. ; Mrs.
Emma Harrington, F. S. ; Mrs. Lizzie Meyers,
T. ; Henry Coyle, R. S. ; Miss Kate Magee, R.
G. ; Miss Margaret Joseph, L. G. ; Miss Ma
lone. I. G. ; M. Erritt, O. G. ; Miss Rothberg,
organist; M. Johnson, trustee for two years;
Mrs. Mollle Roses, trustee for one year.
Court Seal Rock, Foresters of America, has
chosen as officers for the ensuing term the
following: J. F. Arndt, C. R. ; E. W. Jakobs
8. C. R. ; F. W. Bauer, F. S. ; H. J. Willis It'
S. ; E. J. Coftney, T.; S. B. Desllva. K. W.-
Charles M. Troppmann, J. W. ; T. C. Hunter,
S. B. ; J. Ryan, J. B. ; L. V. Demanlal, trus
tee; Dr. A. K. Happersberger, physician. John
Heenan, grand Junior woodward, will officially
visit this court on next Thursday night.
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen of the
World has elected the following named as
officers for the ensuing term: Charles W. Bell
P. C. C; A. J. Weinert, C. C; F. T. Phelps,
A. L..; Richard Fahy, B.; D. J. Oliver Jr., C. ;
T. F. Quindon, E. ; J. B. Blackall, W. ; David
Brown, S.; J. H. Herrold, M.
Valley Lodge of the Ancient Order of United
Workmen hap elected the following named as
officers for the ensuing term: J. C. Sharp,
M. W.; C. E. Thurston. F. ; J. H. P. Gedße,
O. ; John H. Smith, G. ; H. E. Bullivant, I. W. ;
O. Ericsson. O. W.
ISAAC S. BELCHER'S WILL.
The Bulk of the Decedent's Estate
Bequeathed His Widow.
The will of the late Supreme Court
Commissioner, Isaac S. Belcher, was filed
for probate yesterday. The instrument is
olographic and bears date of August 9,
1898. The testator bequeaths each of his
children— Martha B. Cooley, Richard
Belcher, William J. Belcher and Robert
Belcher— the sum of $100. The residue of
the estate Is bequeathed to Adeline N.
Belcher, widow of the deceased.
The estate of the decedent consists of
real and personal property in this city,
Yuba, Sutter, Butte, Glenn and Colusa
counties, of unknown values. Mrs.
Belcher is named in the will as executrix,
to serve without bonds.
Hearst Libel Suit.
The argument of counsel ln the libel
suit of Claus Spreckels against W. R.
Hearst of the Examiner was by consent
continued in Judge Mogan's court yester
day till December 10 at 11 o'clock.
Federal Grand Jury Impaneled.
The following Federal Grand Jury was
Impaneled yesterday morning by United
States District Judge de Haven: Nathan
Blbo, C. 8. Benedict, Clarence W. Coburn,
N. P. Cole, L. C. Cnoplus, Horace Davis.
1
George W. Gerhard, John L. Haskell, H.
Keenaa, F. W. Marvin, L. V. Merle,
Henry S. Manheim, A. Pallies. H. A.
Steffens. Edward A. Selfridge, F. Tillman
Jr., Isaac Upham, C. M. Volkman, Francis
HE HAS LAID ASIDE
HIS SWORD FOREVER
Sudden Death of LIEUTENANT JAMES E. NOLAN, Fourth
Cavalry, Presidio, Yesterday Afternoon.
FIRST LIEUTENANT JAMES E. NOLAN, Troop I, Fourth United
States Cavalry, died at the Presidio at 5:30 o'clock yesterday after
noon of pneumonia, after an illness of four and a half days. In his
death the regular army loses a loyal, brave and trusted soldier. Lieu
tenant Nolan was one of the most popular officers in the army, and he had
a host of friends, to whom his death meant a personal loss, for he was a
generous, true and kind friend, an efficient and capable officer and an af
fectionate husband and father. He was a man who held his friends by the
nobleness of his character and the gentleness of his personality. In speak
ing of him last night, one of his brother officers said: "James Nolan was
a man you could always count on. He was, like Chevalier Bayard, a sol
dier sans peur et sans reproche."
About two months ago Lieutenant Nolan contracted a severe case of
bronchitis, and while he apparently recovered, he never entirely regained
his health. He was advised by his friends to go to Arizona, but refused
to leave his duties. Last Wednesday night he. with some of his brother
officers, attended the performance of "Secret Service." The next morning
he was so unwell that Dr. McGettigan was sent for. Realizing the serious
symptoms of pneumonia. Dr. McGettigan refused to allow Lieutenant
Nolan to get up. He continued to grow worse, and although he made a
brave fight for life, his tired spirit quietly slipped away yesterday after
noon shortly after retreat. In fact, hardly had the flag he loved so well
been lowered and furled for the night before the soul of the brave sol
dier was at rest. Drs. Kerr and McGettigan were with Lieutenant Nolan
when he died, as was also his wife.
Lieutenant Nolan was a native of Wisconsin, about 38 years of age.
He was appointed to the Military Academy in 1882, and graduated four
years later, being assigned to the Fourth Cavalry, with which regiment
he served continuously until the time of his death. In July, 1893, he was
made first lieutenant and transferred to the Tenth Cavalry, but never
joined it, and was transferred back to the Fourth. He came here about
eight years ago with his regiment. His first service was in Arizona. When
the war broke out Lieutenant Nolan organized M Troop, now commanded
by Lieutenant Lockwood. Lieutenant Nolan was regimental quarter
master. He was considered one of the best officers in the field that ever
wore a uniform, and his great executive ability was recognized by his su
periors as well as those under his command. He married a Miss Klmball
of Chicago, and is survived by her and three small children. His funeral
will take place to-morrow. His body will be intered in the Presidio Ceme
tery with full military honors.
1... Whitney, Duano Ballard, John Hews
ton Jr., Frank S. Kelly and M. Kahn.
Mr. T'pham was appointed foreman by
the court and the jury retired for the pur
pose of completing organization.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J^9 ' ■ «^_^__ '-~M '■' -
double-breasted coats
extra heavy five mixed colors
knee pants one blue
regularly $3.50 $3.75 and $4
marked down to
Boys' suits are right,
here, just as right as the
men's clothes. We. are
builders; the foundation
is the boys' trade. That
soon grows into men's
trade. We're very care-
ful what we sell boys.
Boys'
. . . ■
Ulsters
for ages 8 to 16
regularly £5 and $6
marked down to *•;
<fc/i A \
Koos Bros.
Kearny and Post
MAJOR MOORE
DECLINES TO
MAKE DENIAL
He Refuses to Discuss
His Love Affairs.
TREASURY AGENT IN TROUBLE
HIS TYPEWRITER ADMITS THE
CALL'S STORY IS TRUE.
Collector Jackson Expects to Be Or
dered to Make an Investigation.
Another Victim Not a
typewriter.
Major Horace A. Moore, special agent
of the Treasury, with a too-demonstrative
admiration for his stenographer, was not
receiving callers yesterday with that cor
diality that formerly was -iiaracteristic
of the major. In fact, he was not receiv
ing anybody except such Federal officials
as found it necessary to visit him on de
partment matters.
The exposure in --"sterday's Call of the
major's moral shortcoming's had given
that venerable lothario a fearful shock,
and he kept the door leading to his pri
vate office tightly closed all day,
where before it always stood invit
ingly open. When newspaner men sought
to obtain a statement from him regarding
the charges that have gone on to Wash
ington, the major sent word to them by
his assistant that he had nothing to say
at present, and when a note was sent in
to him asking if he would deny the
charges, he sent back an answer that at
the proper time he would make his state
ment, practically admitting that he knew
the charges had gone on to Washington
and that he expected to be called to ac
count by the Treasury officials.
The young lad^y typewriter who was
subjected to his insults remained pluckiiy
at her post in the outer office, and thougn
naturally dreading the unpleasant noto
riety, frankly admitted that the charges
as outlined in The Call were true, and
that they had been forwarued to Wash
ington. Acting on the advice of her
friends she had determined to retain her
position, and if the department ordered
an investigation of Moore's con
duct she would unhesitatingly give her
testimony as to his outrageous conduct.
She corrected the statement that Kolla V.
Watt had helped her to secure her ap
pointment, although she said she had met
Air. Watt and was intimately acquainted
with his relatives.
Every employe of the Federal Govern
ment in the city, fro.ni heads of depart
ments to janitors chori ed over the ex
posure of Major Moore's misconduct, for
his actions have been notorious to all of
them, -and even this latest instance has
been gossiped by them for some days. Col
lector John P. Jackson was in unusually
good humor when seen yesterday, and al
though he declined to say anything what
ever about the matter, or even acknowl
edge that he was aware that formal
charges had been preferred against
Moore, he explained that if the Treasury
Department should order an investigation
he would probably be the one selected to
conduct it, consequently it would De mani
festly improper to discuss the matter at
all.
Rolla V. Watt worked himself into a
tempter when asked to throw some light
on the charges and denied that he knew
anything about them or had ever heard
of the young lady in question, a statement
that party flatly contradicted when she
said she had met Mr. Watt. Then, al
though protesting that he would say abso
lutely nothing for publication. Mr. Watt
admitted that he knew Major Moore quite
well, and close questioning brought out
the admission that he had heard stories
of the major's improper conduct, but had
never paid any attention to them, nor had
he discussed them with the major.
Meanwhile the "Federal Brigade" con
tinued to chortle over the major's down
fall, for the. major's friends in the
red brick building are not numbered by
scores.
Moreover the evidence against the ma
jor is piling up. It appears that his fancy
turned lightly to others than typewriters
Now that The Call has done public ser-
Vl cc ln », makln ? known the nature of
these official charges, the hitherto timid
are coming forward with stories that are
CLOTHES,
the good sort —
the kind we sell;
made by Brokaw
Bros and Rogers,
Peet & Co. New
York's best tai-
lors
Of course we'll save
you about one-third on
the San Francisco tai-
lors' prices
full dress tuxedo
prince albert cutaway
livery trousers
butlers' suits groom's suits
Made of the best imported
and domestic cloths
Overcoats to match
these clothes must be
good. We have them
in the latest fashions
$20 to $55
Koos Bros.
Kearny and Post
strongly corroborative of the major's ai
leged little ways.
Not long ago a public official was
charged with a serious offense, but
after investigation by Major Moore was
exonerated. In the accused official's de
fense there testified his wife, a young 1
and buxnm lady, upon whom the major
cast sheep's eyes. After the investigation
he intimated that he would like to inter
rogate the lady in private. Eager to help
her husband the fair witness kept the
appointment, but was horrified when the
major looked the door and proposed cer
tain terms which she construed to
be the price of her husband's ex
oneration. With extreme difficulty
she escaped, but although the evi
dence against her husband was too weak
to convict him, she was not allowed to
elude the discriminating- eye of the secret
service agent. For months she was fol
lowed and importuned by Major Moore,
who tempted her with invitations of lit
tle dinners by the sea and other delights,
but all without avail. The fair wifew
scorned to yield to the advances of thep
man mean enough to take advantage of
his official position and she only confessed
ihe cruel persecution in the satisfaction
Inspired by The Call's expose of similar*
charges against Major Moore.
ALL TO THE CHURCH.
James Gaffney Disposes by Will of
His $19,000 Estate.
The will of James Gaffney, who died on
the 24th ult., was filed for probate yester
day. The decedent left cash on deposit in
various banks in this city amounting to
$19,000, all of which is bequeathed to the
cause of religion. Following aYe the be
quests:
To the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum,
$1000; to the mother superior of the Presenta
tion Convent on Powell street, $1000; to the sis
ters of Mount St. Joseph's Orphan Asylum,
$2000; to Thomas, James and Eugene Debard.
nephews, $1000 each; to Benjamin Debard,
$2000; to the pastor of the Roman Catholic
parish churoh at Inniskeel, County Donegal,
Ireland. $1000; to Rev. Thomas Caraher, pastor
of St. Francis' Church, $5000; to the Youths'
Directory, $~>Q0; to Rev. Father Wyman, su
perior of the Paulist Fathers ln San Fran
cisco, $500; to the Sisters of the Holy Fam
ily in San Francisco, $1000, to be expended for
the relief of the poor; to Most Rev. P. W.
Rlordan, Archliishup of San Francisco, $500;
to Rev. Maximilian Neuman, superior of the
Franciscan Fathers, $500; to Rev. Father John
E. Cottle, pastor of St. Brigid's Church, $500.
The residue of the estate is devised to
the pastor of St. Francis church in this
city.
Primary Election Law.
ThP General Conference Committee of
the Democratic. Republican and Non-Par
tisan parties held a meeting last night in
the rooms of the Union League Club to
consider the question of a primary elec
tion law. F. S. Stratton and T. Carl
Spelling were on hand to champion the
cause of the respective bills which they
have drafted to meet the exigencies of a
primary election. M. M. Estee occupied
the chair. There was much discussion ln
regard to the sections embodied in the
two measures, but nothing was done ex
cept to refer the whole matter to a sub
committee consisting of M. M. Estee, A
Ruef, T. Carl Spelling, Senator F. S.
Stratton, Charles Gildea, A. G. Booth, W.
-I. Brobeck, W. M. Cannon and E. J. Rey
olds, secretary. They will meet in the
offices of F. S. Stratton in the Crocker
building on next Wednesday evening.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Beautiful
HOLIDAY
GOODS
Pictures, Statuary, Vases,
Ornaments, French and
Dresden Cabinets, Onyx
Pedestals and Tables,
Lamps, Art Novelties,
Fine
Crockery and Glassware
S. & G.GUMP
113 Geary St.