VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 118.
Birdseye View of the Waters Between Cuba and Porto Rico, Showing the Strategic
Value of the Proposed Station for the American Squadron at
Samana Bay, on the Eastern End of Hayti.
Opening upon Mona Passage between Hayti and Porto Rico, within sight of the hills of the latter, and .icar the open water on the north through which
lies the direct route from San Juan, Porto Rico, to Havana, Samana Bay offers the very best point of observation of the movements of the
Spanish torpedo fleet now expected at San Juan to await orders from Havana or Madrid and whose presence is considered a menace to the
plans and interests of the United States Government Well begirt with high hills on all sides but one, and with a large stretch of water rang
ing from five to thirty fathoms in depth, Samana Bay can afford safe and convenient anchorage to the navies of the world. There is not a finer
* harbor in all the West Indies or the adjoining coasts. Santa Barbara on the northern side of the bay has telegraphic connection with Porto Playa
on the northern coast of Hayti, whence a direct cable line to New York owned by an American company gives ready communication between
the authorities at Washington and the commander of the squadron in the bay. Porto Playa has cable connections also with Havana via Santiago
de Cuba, and with Spain via San Juan, Antigua, Cayenne (French Guiana), Pernambuco (Brazil) and the Canaries to Cadiz. These lines are all
owned by English companies.
SPAIN'S
LATEST
INSULTS
Pretending to Make Liberal
Offers to Cubans While
Sparring for Time.
NEW YORK, March 27.— The
Herald's Washington correspon
dent telegraphs: While the ca
ble is hot with war news from
Madrid the air of Washington is
fogged with talk of peace. Spain
is after more time. At the White
House and Spanish Legation
they are chasing a will-o'-the
wisp of peace in Cuba cm the ba
sis of even more liberal auton
omy. Congress is waiting for
the Maine report and promises
to be tranquil for a short time
longer.
The explosion may come at any min
ute, but they say in administration cir
cles that the outlook is better. It may
be that the administration only hopes
it will be better. This is what has
been going on while Madrid has been
talking of war.
Through her Minister, Senor de Ber- j
nabe, Spain to-day asked for further j
delay before the United States did any- j
thing about Cuba, and promised that :
she would lay before the State Depart
ment at an early day following the i
Spanish elections her plan for a more
liberal government of the island. This j
statement the Spanish Minister colored j
with rainbows of the most roseate hues. ,
It would be such a plan, so fair, so lib- i
eral, so alluring that the United States ;
■would not fail to accept it. It would;
have such attractions for insurgents j
that Gomez and all his followers would J
Immediately lay down their arms, j
Peace would reign In Cuba. Plenty/
The San Francisco Call
would deluge the Inhabitants. Vexa
tious revolutions would be sti'led for
ever.
If this proposition came at any other
time. It might have a more important
bearing on the situation. Coming now
when the Spanish elections are being
held, when the Maine report is about
to go to Congress, and a crisis con
fronts the peace of the administration
here; when President McKinle/ Js
about to inaugurate a policy for feed
ing the starving and ending the 'var —
no man living knows how — no one who
knows of these new overtures thinks
he should be blamed for being skepti
cal. In fact It can be stated that about
the only persons who are not skeptical
are the President and diplomats of
Spain. The President wants more
time. He believes that war can by
averted, and with characteristic pa
tience is ready to consider everything
that might lead to a peaceful solution
of the question. Spain's promised prop
osition is based on a successful out
come for the Sagasta Ministry in the
elections which are held to-day.
The Spanish legation asserts that
Sagasta has won the Cortes. Details
of this plan were not made known to
Assistant Secretary Day who conduct
ed the negotiations. It was explained
that Spain could not yield her sover
eiirnity over Cuba. Her flag must re
main, but she would be willing to give
Cuba home rule, withdraw her troops
as soon as peace was restored, and put
Continued on Second Page,
SA^ FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1898 -TWENTY PAGES.
GERMANY HAS MUCH
SYMPATHY FOR SPAIN
Belief That the Madrid Government Is
Guilty of Negligence, but Public
Opinion Against American
Interference in Cuba.
LONDON, March 27.— A dispatch to the Observer from Berlin says the imminent danger
of war between the United States and Spain is the absorbing topic of discussion. Until recently
political and financial circles refused to credit the probability of war, but the report of the Maine
Commission dissipated this skepticism. There is great depression on the Bourse.
German opinion may be summarized by saying that it refuses to believe that a mine was
exploded. It regards the case as one of negligence on the part of Spain, for which the United
States is entitled to compensation, but Spain's claims on account of the filibustering expeditions
must also be allowed. No German credits the genuineness of the American measures against
these expeditions or the indignation of Americans over Spanish cruelties in Cuba. Irfdeed, opinion
here resents American intervention as impertinence and would, in case of war, sympathize outspok
enly with Spain, but would at the same time preserve the strictest neutrality.
EXTERNAL
EXPLOSION
THE CAUSE
Report of the Naval
Court on Maine
Disas ter.
WASHINGTON, March 27.—
The Associated Press presents
herewith a complete abstract of
the report of the court of in-
® quiry which Investigated the ®
® wreckage of the battle-ship ®
® Maine. This abstract is made ®
® from the report itself, access to ®
® which was obtained to-day de- ®
® spite official sec cy unparalleled ®
® in the handling of official papers. ®
The report is made up of eight parts,
as follows:
First— The court finds that at the
time of the explosion the battle -hip
Maine was lying in five and one-half
to six fathoms of water.
Second— The discipline aboard the
ship was excellent; everything stowed
according to orders — ammunition, guns,
stores, etc. The temperature of the
magazine at 8 p. m. was nominal, ex
cept in the after ten-inch magazine,
and that did not explode.
Third— The explosion occurred at 9-:40
o'clock on the evening of February 15.
There were two explosions, with a very
short interval between them. The ship
lifted on the first explosion.
Fourth.— The court can form no den
nite opinion of ie condition of the
wreck from the divers' evidence.
Fifth— The technical details of the
wreckage, from which the court de
duces that a mine was exploded under
the ship on the port side.
Sixth — The explosion was due to no
fault of those on board.
Seventh — Opinion of the Court, stat
in"' that the explosion of the mine
caused the explosion of the two maga
zines.
Eighth— The Court declares that it
cannot find evidence to fix responsibil
ity.
The report is unanimous and is sign
ed by all the members of the Court. It
does not refer to the existence or non
existence of the mine in the harbor of
Havana except in the specific finding
that a mine was exploded under the
ship, and the explosion of the two mag
azines was caused by the explosion of
a mine.
The report as a whole is a formal,
dispassionate recital of facts and bears
the stamp of that strict officialism
which marks naval procedure. It is
brief, not exceeding ISOO words, and
Continued en Second Paj»
SPANIARDS
NOW MOST
DEFIANT
Madrid Government Will
Not Permit Further
Interference.
It Remains for Uncle Sam to Give
Castilians the Prov.ocation*They
Say They Cannot Pass Un
noticed.
Copyrighted, 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, March 27.— Madrid is
ringing with patriotic outbursts. Spain
has taken a stand which is apparently
not credited in the United States. The
Government has given its decision that
it will neither accept the money offer for j
Cuba nor will it permit the so-called j
friendly intervention in Cuban affairs i
by the United States.
With equal emphasis the Government j
has declared that it cannot consider the i
payment of any claim for damages^ i
RUPTURE CAN NOW
HARDLY BE AVOIDED
BERLIN, March 27. — The Madrid correspondent of the
Frankfort Zeitung says: Senor Gullon, the Minister of For
eign Affairs, has informed me that an extremely threatening
note has arrived from Washington regarding the cessation of
war in Cuba. He added: "No matter how one regards the
affair, a rupture can now hardly be avoided."
The Madrid correspondent of the Berliner Tageblatt says:
Spain will not only refuse to allow American interference in
assisting suffering Cubans, but will decline to pay indemnity
unless it is shown unmistakably that the Spanish authorities
were responsible for the Maine explosion. If President McKin
ley.demands these two things, war is unavoidable.
growing out of the loss of the Maine
This demand is considered by all as de
rogatory to national dignity. I am in
a position to state that this decision has
been communicated to Minister Wood
ford by Senor Gullon.
After these decisions there can br
little further parley between the two
Governments. It remains for the
United States to decide whether she will
give the provocation which Spain an
nounces she cannot let pass unnoticed.
NEWS OF THE DAT.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair Monday; light northerly,
changing to westerly, winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four houro:
San Francisco 56 degrees
Portland 48 degrees
Los Angeles U6 degrees
San Diego 62 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Spain Spars for Time.
Report of Maine Court.
Sympathy of Germany-
Rupture Soon Expected. \
Defiance of Castilians.
SECOND PAGE.
Sunday Work on Warships.
Revenue Marine Vessels. i.
Congress Will Delay.
Objection to Intervention.
THIRD PAGE.
Statesmen Confer on Crisis.
Dudley Talks for Wnr.
Ships for Auxiliary Fighters.
Professor Favors Alliance.
Maine Must Be Abandoned.
FOURTH PAGE.
Rich New Gold Fields.
Stampede of Prospectors.
War on San Jose Boodlers.
Young Men's Institute Initiation.
FIFTH PAGE.
Upbuilding an Oakland Church.
Coursing at Two Parks.
A New Bantam-Weight.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The President's Programme.
The Response of the Governor*.
Our Commercial Status.
The Mercantile Library.
The Jury-Box Stuffers.
A New Philosophy in CongreM.
Personals and Queries.
Photograph of an Electric Spark.
SEVENTH PAGE.
An Oriental Worships a Machine.
News Along the Water Front.
Accused of Being a Receiver.
A Man Who Ran Away.
A Young Woman Robbed.
Militia Sanitary Corps at Work.
EIGHTH PAGE.
News of the Regular Army.
NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Death*.
TENTH PAGE.
A Picnic In a Cemetery.
A California Girl's Succes*.
The Day in the Churches.
French Hospital Electloa.
Anna Held In Chinatown.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
General McKenzie Very 111.
Notes of tjie National Guard.
All Favor the Exposition.
TWELFTH PAGE.
The New Charter.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
TWENTIETH PAGE.
Baseball Season in Full Blast.
Deaf and Dumb Institute Shortage.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The entire country is unanimous ta
support of the Ministry, which, thus for
tified, remains apparently calm awaiting
the issue. All talk about a divided
country owing to the differences of
politics is devoid of foundation, and any
assertion that the Carlists are disloyal
is as wide of the truth as the silly state
ment that the Southern States of the
Union will seize upon the nation's dif
ficulties to rise again in rebellion. Sa
gasta remains cool and reserved, like
one who has done all in his power.
Gullon, while firmly believing in up
holding the dignity of the nation, is
still busy racking his brains to suggest
some peaceable solution. He is the
most diplomatic member of the Cabinet.
To-day he would only say, "I do not
think the cause of peace is entirely lost."
There are many silly statements sent
from here, and few among them should
be dignified by denial. One, however,
which stated that Gullon had denied
the validity of the Cushing protocol,
has been very mischievous. I am
authorized by Senator Gullon to say
that the statement is incorrect and a
mistake. I am also authorized to state
that the report that Spain will claim
double the amount of damages asked
for the Maine on account of the un
molested filibustering expeditions is not
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE STAR OF HOPE.
.at!%MijuflgMljHlMMftl|yu " I had lost all
JfBgSgggSjSSMBSB my father's to die,"
$jSHffiSBS»HpWrBj| saic * Mrs - 10li k
ffi|jMfc : *-FS,i§Bpßßj^» Evans, of Mound,
Sf»2%ab3fKHm£9f Cory ell Co., Texas.
Bj%B^*lEsj»g|jffijggj| ' ' I gave birth to a
HkK3HDUH baby a year ago, the
■Pt™paM^|jggpJ| sth of June last,"
W/fjgaSp&S&BIfSSBNH sn c adds, "and
|&29*9ShJ(^^|h^B seemed to do very
K*3^ » ivi 'v y^-jr^* ..-': bH well for Bor 9 days,
SfsSSHP^R^^BsfK and then I began to
JTHEjjjfT/ iW^S&fiSS f eel yei 7 bad - m 7m 7
m^W^SS^m^^k feet be £ an to swell,
»§pp <??|s£^§!fl§9| mv stomach was all
gPsfiL^jgE^^nHSsSl wrong and I seemed
«caijiffl?^~'^SßfiMß9i to surfer with rvery-
fffcflMP^-^SKgi thing that could be
borne. I was in bed
lygfcjy^ TSwffM 5 months and ther«
gfcSfßa^ "iliklgga was not a da >' that il
HS5|R^. JKbS seemed I could live.
BJiSy^ ft - 3g"Sag We had the best
|H^^»-(vcZ^^^ doct or s that our
t&^^~-S rtt^^*^ country afforded. I
--'"S^^^ /^ e \*^~^'' was a skeleton.
fc xiSTwSk^^' Every one that saw
■C^vV^^ me thought that I
HbH^*^^j'^)j'*Hß wou 1 d never get
, > "^^ tofc - ■^^^■W well. 1 I had palpita-
tion and pain in the heart, terrible pain in
my right side just under the ribs, terrible
headaches j all the time ; a bearing down i
sensation ; a distressed feeling in my stom-
ach all the time ; could hardly eat anything 1
and it looked as if I would starve." All the 
time I would take such weak trembling J
spells, and it seemed as if I could not stand
it. •» ,There were six ', doctors treating jme .
when I commenced taking your medicine.
: I had lost all hope and gone to my father's \
to die. -I commenced taking Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery and his c ' Fa- -
I vorite Prescription ' together, and I took
them regularly, until . I felt as if life was
worth living again:"
■- : "I weigh 1 more than I have weighed for
ten years. My friends say that I look better ,
; than they ever saw me. The first two bot- V;
ties did me more good than all the medicine B
: I had taken. My stomach has never hurt • *
■me since. ! ;I can eat anything I want and as . .;
t much as I want. If you want to use this in :
favor of your medicine, I am a living wit- ■";
itess to testify to it, and will, to anybody
who wants' to know further of my case." »
L2
SIGNIFICANT
WORK PROCEEDS
ON THE SABBATH
Mechanics Labor Day and Night at the
Mare Island Navy-Yard, and There
Is No Lull in the War
Preparations.
VALLEJO. March 27.— One shift worked in the navy yard to-day
from 7 a. ra. to 6 p. m. The executive offices were all closed, but the
shops were running as if there never were such a thing as Sunday,
and the day so gained is held to be of more importance than any one
In authority will admit. The ordnance department has the most sig
nificant order issued in the last few days. Some fine, new six-pound
ers of the latest model had arrived for the secondary batteries of the
Charleston find the Philadelphia, but they had no sooner arrived at
the yard than orders came from Washington to ship them back to
the Norfolk navy yard, and # not only the new ones, but also those
that had been carried by the Charleston, Philadelphia and Yorktown,
twelv.e or fourteen in all. Where the cruisers will get other small
guns has not been explained by the department, but the guns will go
back along with the new ones to help arm Eastern emergency craft.
The registry department has been bothered by hordes of men from
all over the State, who want to offer services of no use to the yard,
■al house carpenters, all the way from San Diego, offered them
lay, and were much disappointed when their services
■were refused. What the yard wants are shipjoiners, shipwrights, riv
eters, drillers, and machinists and painters, and ordinary carpenters
cannot be given work.
Retired officers are putting themselves in active and constant com
munication with the department, offering their services, and the re
cruiting station on the Independence is doing a rushing business.
Captain Kempff is to be detached from that ship, and will probably
be ordered East. He was assigned to the Monterey, but after Cap
tain Clark, his junior in rank, was given the Oregon, he made objec
tion to the inferior command, and so he will probably be sent East.
The pass regulations are now stricter than they have ever been be
fore. No one but Captain Glass, commandant of the yard, may issue
a pass, and even such a permit especially mentions that the bearer
may not go in the shops or upon ships out of commission when work
is boing done. More men are coming and preparations are being made
to keep work going twenty-four hoyrs a day.
a Ministerial statement, but unauthor
ised newspaper talk. I made inquiries
in high quarters to ascertain what re
ception would be accorded any propo
sition from the United States for send
ing further supplies to Cuba to be dis
tributed by Americans. I learn that the
probable reply will be that such sup
plies now sent by the Fern will be re
ceived, but any request for the sending
of further supplies will be refused on
tho ground that they are unnecessary.
Minister Woodford still professes to
believe that war can be averted. On
Friday he said to the editor of Epoca
that President McKinley desired peace
between the United States and Spain.
Commenting upon this, a high person
age remarked that it was not words
but deeds that would convince Spain
and Europe. Spain has done every
thing in her power to preserve the
peace and wishes to avoid the horrors
of war. It is even now in the power of
the North American republic to procure
and maintain peace.
Sagasta's organ, the Liberal, in an
article evidently inspired says: "Spain
will tolerate neither armed nor peaceful
intervention of the United States. Peo
ple like the Spaniards, who respect
themselves and who have been some
thing in the world, neither traffic with
honor nor speculate with shame. We
all wish and invoke peace; if others
disturb it with motives no fault of ours
we accept the consequences without ar
rogance or apprehension."
The entire press takes the same view.
The Saturday evening Correo, a paner
which has the ear of the Ministry, says:
"God knows if matters are becoming
worse, which is possible, but the provo
cation is notorious and scandalous, and
if onerous conditions are proposed to
us, the country, en masse, faithful to
its traditions, will repel them."
All sorts of rumors were current on
the Stock Exchange, rind when it was
announced that Minister Bernabe had
been handed his passports there was a
serious panic.
The Heraldo. the most important
evening paper, had a leading article
headed "El Conflicto, in which it says:
"We have small hopes of restraining
the tide of public feeling. War is in
the air we breathe. War is in every
conscience; it presents itself in a hun
dred different forms, and never has
provocation invented more tortures to
make people forget all prudence. In a
thousand ways has the American Gov
eminent violated our sovereignty in
Cuba. No people in the worl<^would
have endured such gross insults as
those. Does the United States con
sider the hour come fo<r war ?**■*£
EXTERNAL
EXPLOSION
THE CAUSE
Continued from First Pagre.
among the eight points, goes to the
greatest under the second, which deals
with the discipline of the ship.
Then the Court explains with ex
treme minuteness, the least detail, the
satisfactory condition of everything on
board being given. Th<* normal tem
perature of the large forward maga
zine at S o'clock — only an hour and
furty-flve minutes before the explo
sion — disposes of the question of acci
dental combustion within these maga
zlnos. While the Court holds that these
magazines did not txplodo from inter
nal causes, they nevertheless are of the
opinion that the explosion of the mine
under the port side of the ship caused
the explosion of the two magazines.
This will explain the remarkable de
struction wrought, the explosion thus
being shown to have combined the
force of a mine without and the two
magazines within. The two explosions
which the Court finds to have occurred
with a very Fhort interval between
them, is an additional detail showing
that two forces operated in causing
the destruction. The finding that the
ship lifted on the first explosion indi
cates an external source, and one of
tremendous power to be able to lift a
battleship of thousands of tons. The
character of the wreckage, technically
decribed in the fifth part of the report,
from which the Court deduces that a
mine was exploded under the ship on
the port side, sustains the view taken
by some experts shortly after the dis
aster, that the force of the explosion
was exerted from port to starboard.
The feature of the report of deepest
Interest to the navy is the complete
exoneration of Captain Slgsbee and all
on board, contained in the second find
ing, setting forth the perfect order and
discipline prevailing on the ship, and
more directly stated in the sixth find
ing, which declares the disaster to be
due to no fault of those on board.
The inability of the Court to find evi
dence to fix the responsibility, as stated
in the eighth part, makes the report so
guarded in expression of blame that
neither Spain nor the Spanish are men
tioned throughout.
GROSS INSULT
TO McKINLEY
Duke of Veragua Calls
Him "an Ignorant
Sutler."
Says Vanity Makes the Execu
tive Believe Himself a
Napoleon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, March 27.— The latest in
telligence from the United States has
occasioned a great patriotic movement
throughout Spain. A large number of
persons have announced their inten
tion t6 give up a day's pay for services
to raise a fund to purchase a war
ship. A committee, over which the
Bishop of Madrid will preside, has been
organized to receive subscriptions. Spe
cial theatrical performances are an
nounced, the receipts of which are to
be devoted to this purpose. The Duke
of Veragua, who knows President Mc-
Kfnley personally, is reported as hav
ing said:
"President McKlnley does not inspire
me with confidence. He thinks himself
the first statesman in the world. He
is proud and vain, and his great vanity
makes him believe himself a Napoleon,
when in reality he is an ignorant sut
ler."
It is reported that the Conservatives
intend to propose that the troops in
the interior of Cuba should withdraw
to the coast until the autonomists and
faeparatists arrive at an agreement, but
it is not expected that the Cortes will
entertain such a proposal. The situa
tion in Cuba is declared to-day to be
"much improved."
ARE SPANIARDS BUYING
SUPPLIES IN AMERICA?
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 27.—Se
nor Julian Azicue, an agent of the
Spanish Government from Havana, and
Antonio Maester of St. Louis are in the
Karens City market to purchase sup
plies for the Spanish army. They have
practically cleaned the market of me
dium-sized mules, and have purchased |
provisions to be delivered on the wharf
at New Orleans by April 6. Another
Spanish contractor secured four car
loads of mules here lafet week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1898.
BRIGADIER-GENERAL MARSHALL I. LUDINGTON,
U. S. A., Quartermaster-General.
FOUR VESSELS
ABOUT READY
League Island Workmen
Given But Little
Rest.
Additional Orders From Wash
ington to Hurry All
Preparations.
•
None of tho Warships at tho Yard
Will Sail With a Full Com
plement of Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, March 27.— The
cruiser Columbia will leave League Is
land Navy Yard to-morrow at about
noon for Hampton Roads. She finished
loading ammunition at 5 o'clock this
afternoon, after which her pilots were
taken aboard.
Notwithstanding rain fell for the
greater part of the day there was no
cessation in the activity at this station.
Calkers were busy putting the finish
ing touches to the decks of the Minne
apolis, a few remaining stores were
placed aboard and the paint was scrap
ed from her torpedo ports. The heads
for the "Whitehead torpedo were greas
ed and fitted in the tubes. To-day's
work was confined to the machinery
and inside painting of floors.
The double-turreted monitor Mianto
nomah has all her ammunition on
board, and as soon as her men have
given her a coating of lead-colored
paint she will be ready to sail. This
was to have been done to-day, but rain
prevented it.
The Minneapolis and the ram Katah
din will receive ammunition to-morrow
morning, and the former also will get
about 200 tons of coal.
' All the vessels are short a number of
men. The Columbia will sail with her
complement lacking about 100 men.
The Minneapolis is also short about
that number, and the ram is about 20
short. Fourteen men arrived to-day
and were assigned to the ships. Roth
the Minneapolis and the Miantonomah
will be ready to depart on Wednesday
at the latest.
Captain Casey and another naval
officer visited all the ships, and imme
diately after leaving increased activ
ity was noticed aboard. This was taken
as an indication that additional orders
had been received from "Washington to
hurry the work and have the Minneap
olis ar.'l Miantonomah ready for sail
in at an earlier time.
SPAIN'S LATEST
INSULT
Continued from First Page.
into effect a government over which
the mother country would exercise a
most limited authority. It is described
as something half way between au
tonomy and suzerainty.
It was also definitely stated at this
interview that the purchase by Cuban
insurgents of their independence was
out of the question. Spain would never
consider the hauling down of her flag
by peaceful means. Spanish honor
could not entertain for a moment the
payment of money for Cuba. This
subject was fully gone into, because
the plan of eminent financiers to lend
Cuban insurgents $200,000,000 to buy
their independence and to guarantee
the Spanish-Cuban war debt has been
completed. It is stated on good author
ity that Henry W. Cannon and Colonel
Paine of New York came here yester
day with this information. The Span
ish Minister said no proposition of the
kind could ever be entertained by
Spain. That ended the plan of the
financiers and Mr. Cannon and Colonel
Paine have gone home.
Minister Barnabe could hold out no
promise as to how soon the new plan
could be expected to end the trouble
in Cuba, nor have any satisfactory as
surances that the insurgents would be
pleased with this any more than with
autonomy. It was all rainbow prom
ises.
When the representations of the
Spanish Minister were conveyed to the
President they seemed to impress him.
In the face of the disquieting news
from Madrid and other European capi
tals that Spain will not even sanction
our continuing to give relief to the
Cubans, the President sent for several
members of his Cabinet and began seri
ously to canvass the question whether
the country would be satisfied with
the Spanish proposition when it came;
whether Congress could be controlled or
prevented from smashing the Presi
dent's peace policy in disgust, and
whether the Cuban insurgents could be
induced through the "unfriendly office"
of the United States to consent to the
continuance of Spanish dominion under
changed conditions.
Information that the President is dis
posed to acquiesce in the Spanish prop
osition comes from an official in a po
sition to speak. He has been dis
couraged from many quarters to-night.
In every human probability the Span
ish Minister will to-morrow be told that
the United States cannot pledge itself
to indorse any policy that Spain may
offer short of the granting of inde
pendence to Cuba.
That will end the will-'o-the-wisp.
But it is not doubted by those near the
President that he will consent to giving
Spain more time if Congress and pub
lic opinion will support him. He is.
willing to go to extremes, short of sur
render, on the question of feeding the
innocent victims of war in Cuban
towns, if Congress will let him go. On
that it is believed there will be a clash
unless Spain recedes from the position
she is reported by tßte Herald cable
fr>;m Madrid to have taken.
There is no change in th>> plan of the
President about sending relief. If Con
gress is quiescent to-morrow over the
Maine report h»- will on Tuesday ask
for not less than $500,000 and possibly
$1,000,000 for relief purposes. The 'sug
gestion from the advocates of peace at
any price that it might be less "dis
quieting" to ask for $200,000 as a "start
er" has be^n spurned by the President.
If Spain objects to the sending of food
and clothing then the United Staes will
insist, and Snaln can take the respon
sibility fur declaring war if that be
deemed wise in Madrid. So insistent is
the President on this, bo continually do
his personal friends bring this up in
conversation, that it is clear he desires
should war be inevitable that It shall
come over the question of sending re
lief.
Should the Spanish Government ob
ject to this relief then steps will be ta
ken to overcome this objection forcibly,
if necessary. Should the Spanish Gov
ernment hamper the distribution of re
lief, all the power of the United States
Government will be exerted to sweep
these impediments away.
There is noticeable here a change in
the sentiment throughout the country
on the question of war. Business in
terests have noticeably receded from
their stand taken some time ago that
war should be averted at all hazards.
Letters members of the Cabinet are re
ceiving all breathe the hope that the
Cuban question shall be grot out of the
way. They are almost unanimous in
the opinion that if the question can not
be taken away peaceably it must be
taken away with war. They are will
ing to follow the President, no matter
what the outcome may be, but to have
the whole question dragging along for
months and months, with the business
of the country unsettled, is not to be
borne.
A deeper shade of concern is also ob
served in the faces of men Tike Senator
Hanna, who have been urging the
peace policy. These men are beginning
to suspect that the more time we give
to Spain the more difficult it will be to
dislodge her.
They are learning that the Govern
ment at Madrid is rapidly strengthen
ing its sea power. They are getting
information that in a short time she
expects to be so strong that she can
say when we want to back up our re
lief movement with force: "Do so if
you dare. We are ready. ' Word comes
to-night that with her new loan of
$40,000,000 she will soon have overcome
the advantage we now have over her
at sea. This change of sentiment is
having some effect on the administra
tion, and some of the members of the
Cabinet who h%\e been for peace are
shifting and beginning to contemplate
the prospect of war as not remote. Sec
retary of the Treasury Gage is not one
of these. He is still combating the
idea of war with might and main. It
has been learned that it was he who
brought up again at the last hour the
proposition to have financiers settle
the Cuban war with money, which
has been spurned by the Spanish Gov
ernment.
STUDENTS BURN AN
EFFIGY OF SPAIN.
Son of Judge Day Leads a Patriotic |
Demonstration at Ann
Arbor.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., March 27.— Two
hundred students of the University of
Michigan paraded the campus armed
with pitchforks, etc., in a Cuban demon
stration. William Day, a son of Judge
Day of the State Department, address
ed the students, and at the close of the
meeting tolegrams approving the
United States' stand were sent to Sec
retary Day and President McKinley.
The boys amid great enthusiasm burn
ed an effigy of Spain.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All druic
jrlsts refund the money If it fails to cure. 2ic.
The genuine h*a h.. U. Q. on each tablet
THERE MAY BE
FURTHER DELAY
Senate Not to Act at Once
on the Maine
Report.
Findings Will Be Referred to
the Foreign Relations
Committee.
Administration Still Appealing to Con
gress to Prevent Bellicose
Speechmaking.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call >vice, Riggs House,
Washington, March 27.
The important event of the week in
the Senate will be the receipt of the
President's message transmitting the
report of the Maine Court of Inquiry,
which is expected early in the day on
Monday. The present understanding
is that the report will be referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and sent to the printer without being
re" '1. or more than incidentally re
ferred to, and that after this nothing
more will be said concerning it until
the committee shall have had a rea
sonable o^fcor' unity to consider it, or
until some further communication may
be received from the President on the
Cuban question.
There has been a general appeal
from the administration to the Senate
to avoid undue agitation on the Cuban
subject until the President may have
an opportunity to formulate the policy,
and the Senate appears quite disposed
to comply with the request. Still there
is no doubt that the Senate would grow
very restive under delay. Senator
Money expects to make a speech to
morrow on the lines of those of Sena
tor Proctor, Gallinger and Thurston,
based upon his observations in Cuba.
What further discussion there may
be on the Cuban situation will depend
so largely upon future developments
that it is useless to discuss the proba
bilities If the President should make
a recommendation or the Committee on
Foreign Relations a report the Senate
at once would be the center of an ani
mated discussion, the result of which
would be some radical declaration
against Spain. The problem is now to
hold the expression of opinion down to
the minimum pending the negotiations
of the President and the deliberations
of the committee.
REPORT TO BE READ
IN THE LOWER HOUSE
Will Then Be Referred to the Foreign
Relations Committee Without
Debate.
WASHINGTON, March 27.— The larg
est crowd which has attended a ses
sion of Congress in years is expected at
the Capitol to-morrow when the official
report of the Board of Inquiry on the
Maine disaster will be given to the
country. Extra instructions have been
issued to the attendants and admission
to the reserved galleries will be strictly
by card. Not one-tenth of the people
who storm the doors are expected to
g-ain admission. The members of the
House await the report with the same
feverish anxiety the public manifests,
and there are not likely to be a dozen
vacant seats on the floor. The scene
when the report is read will be intensely
dramatic, but those who go to the Cap
itol to-morrow expecting to see its pre
sentation followed by a wild furor of
oratory probably will be sorely disap
pointed. The report and accompanying
message will be brief and after being
read will be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs without debate.
Mr. Hitt of Illinois, chairman of the
Foreign Affairs Committee, will be rec
•d by the Speaker to make this
motion. The motion is not debatable.
It is the wish of the President, as ex
pressed to the leaders of both parties,
that this course be followed and the
programme has been acquiesced in by
all parties> Should any single member
attempt to interfere with it a demand
for the previous question will take him
off his feet. Once in committee the find-
Ings of the board will remain there
until a report is made by the commit
tee, which would certainly not be until
Spain's explanation and position are
made known to the administration.
Meantime the precipitation of the
main issue between Spain and the
United States is likely to throw the
Maine disaster, with which the admin
istration means to deal as a separate
and distinct issue, into the background
as a subject for future settlement un
less Spain should 'take a position not
now anticipated \fhich would compel
immediate action. On Tuesday the
President will probably transmit a
message asking for an appropriation to
relieve the starvation in Cuba, The
appropriation will probably be voted
with almost as much unanimity as was
the ♦50,000,000 for the national defense,
but the debate may bring out some
criticism of the administration policy
by those wLo believe radical and ag
gressive intervention should be taken
at once. The administration is assured,
however, of a strong majority for the
policy it has so far mapped out to the
Republican an* Democratic leaders.
The members are so completely ab
sorbed by the questions of the hour
that during the remainder of the week
they are likely to inject debate upon
these questions into the proceedings at
every opportunity.;
But the rules as at present enforced
are rigorous and the outcrop of passion
and patriotism is likely to be confined
largely to the debate upon the naval
appropriation bill. Every effort will be
made to dispose of the bill as quickly
as possible in order to remove he op
portunity for Inflammatory speeches.
The Republican leaders believe they
are justified in exercising restraint un
til the time for actin arrive r.
After the Main<? report is read to
morrow the consideration of the naval
appropriation bill will be resumed, if
it is not deemed expedient in view of
the attending exeftement to allow the
District of Columbia Committee, whtch
is entitled to the day under the rules,
to go ahead. Tuesday and Fridn
private bill days and a contested elec
tion case could be thrown into the
House to consume the remainder of the
week. Under the rules any attempt to
discuss the Cuban question, except
during the consideration of the naval
bill, and then only by subterfuge, can
be prevented.
NAVAL CADETS MUST
UNDERGO EXAMINATION.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., March 27.— At the
dinner formation at the Naval Acad
emy to-day an order was read
directing the first class of cadets to re
port at the medical department to
morrow for physical examination pre
paratory, it is supposed, to sea
orders. It is rumored here that Cap
tain P. H. Cooper, superintendent of
the Academy, will be detached in a few
days and given some other command.
AGAINST PERPETUAL
INTERVENTION BY THE
AMERICAN GOVERNMENT
Newspapers of Madrid Cry Out Against
What They Term the Intolerable
Interference of the United
Slates.
MADRID, March 27.— A general in the army, who declines to per
mit the use of his name, said that it was incredible that the report
of the American court of inquiry into the Maine disaster should attrib
ute the destruction of the vessel to a submarine mine.
"Not even among savages," he asserted, "would such mines be
placed in their ports. Moreover, our own ships would have incurred
equal peril had the mines been placed in Havana harbor. Mines are
only laid in time of war, and then friendly nations are notified."
L,a Correspondencia de Espana says it understands the Government
is occupied with certain new factors in the situation which it believes
may give a more favorable turn to events.
El Correo says the Government is calm in the consciousness of
having done its duty, and is satisfied. The foreign press has recog
nized this, and also the firmness with which Spain is resolved to de
fend her national right and honor. El Correo adds: "God knows if
matters are becoming worse, which is possible, but the provocation is
notorious and scandalous, and if onerous conditions are proposed to us,
the country, en masse, faithful to its traditions, will repel them."
The Epoca says that Spain is trying to prevent war, considering it a
calamity, and has freely made important concessions, such as auton
omy, in order to avert it. Spain, the paper continues, has not lost for
.a single moment her calm consideration, but she cannot consent to
the perpetual intervention of Americans and the American Govern
ment.
El Heraldo declares that without the intervention of the United
States the Cuban insurrection would have been reduced to mere bri
gandage. "If the revolt continues," says El Heraldo, 'it is because
the rebels see in America hope of an ill-starred morrow for Spain,
and while this hope exists the insurrection will maintain sufficient
strength slowly to consume our blood and money. War with the
United States represents then the solution of the problem which we
must examine with tranquil minds."
I. a Nacional says it awaits calmly the approaching denouement.
CUTTERS FOR
NATAL SERVICE
Thirty-Eight Craft at the
Navy Department's
Disposal.
Valuable Auxiliary Force to
Be Utilized in Case
of "War.
The recent transfer of the vessels of
the Revenue Marine to the navy has
directed attention to this important
service The Revenue Marine was es
tablished upon the recommendation of
Alexander Hamilton, the first Secre- !
tary of the Treasury, and antedates the '.
regular navy by six years and seven i
months. It was organized with thirty j
commissioned officers March 21, 1.91, |
with ten vessels built or in course of
construction. On March 27, 1794, Wash
ington signed the bill authorizing the
construction of six frigates, the first of
which— the Constellation— was launched ,
September 7 1797, and these dates fix
the beginning of the Revenue Marine
and the navy of the United States.
The statutes provide that in time of
war the vessels of the Revenue Marine
may be turned over to the Secretary of
the Navy, and in the wars and skir
mishes from 1798 to the rebellion of
IS6I-64 the revenue cutters and their
officers and crews have always ren
dered efficient service. Beginning in
1793 with the vessels commanded by ten
masters and other officers, maintained
at an annual expense of $18,500, this
sei vice has grown until at the present
time the fleet numbers thirty-eight ves
sels of all classes with 111 line officers,
10 cadets, 55 engineers and 863 enlisted
men. Of the vessels, thirty are propel
lers, two sidewheel steamers, four
steam launches and two are sail. Only
about one-half of the propellers are
available and serviceable, three being
stationed on the lakes. Of the twenty
screw steamers enumerated in the ap
pended table one-half have a speed of
only ten knots, and only those built of
late have sea speeds of twelve to fifteen
knots. Only those available for naval
service are enumerated in the following
table:
UNITED STATES REVENUE CUTTERS.
.lexanaer .Hamilton.... |
.lexander J. Dallas
ommodore Perry.......
(eorge S. Boutwell
•alvoston
lanhattan
llchard Rush .....'......
amuel Dexter
'homas Corwln ...
'. S. Grant
niliam H. Seward.....
i'alter Forward
sear ;
.ieut. M. Morrlll
k'lnona '........
[urtson i..
William E. Smith
oMen Gate :
[u^h McCulloußh — ...
)anlel Manning: .....
lexander
Name.
151
416
117
300
'ISB
213
263
IM
267
.703
. 2SS
321
138
133
171
1,280
900
■a
ISM
1873
IS9I
1873
1885
1874
IST6
1871
1873
ISS2
ISSS
i 1X39
MM
1833
ISS7
1597
1597
1597
c
■"
a
c
a
a
I
|
b
39
89
39
39
18
40
39
40
39
28
39
51
39
39
11
9
11
E3
47
:::
Total, IB vessels
6,717
! 693
The locations of these cutters are:
Commodore Perry, Richard Rush,
Thomas Corwin, U. S. Grant, Bear and
Golden Gate on the Pacific Coast, and
the Hugh McCullough is on its way
out here, makinrr a voyage of 25,000
miles, via the Suez Canal. The other
cutters are on the Atlantic Coast.
Of all these vessels, more or less suit
able for naval purposes, the Hugh Me-
Cullough is almost equal to any of the
gunboats recently built. She is a com
posite vessel, steel frame and wood
bottom, and was launched from
Cramp's yard December 19, 1896. The
displacement is 12S0 tons, her length
219 feet, breadth 34 feet, draught 14
feet. The engines are of 2000 horse
power, and developed a speed of 17
knots at the t-ial. Her armament con
sists of four 6-pounder Hotchkiss, four
1-pounders and a bow torpedo tube.
Next in efficiency come the Daniel
Manning:. Wlnona, Galveston, Hud
son, Lot M. Morrill and the rest tabu
lated. The Walter Q. Gresham of 777
tons, built in 1896, is also a very fast
and efficient cutter, but not likely to
be taken from her station. The offi
cers of the Revenue Marine number 36
captains, one-half of whom hay..- pass
ed the age where active duty should
cease; 36 first lieutenants, 33 second
lieutenants, one-third of whom are
practically retired; 6 third lieutenants
and 10 cadets. The engineer officers
include 25 chief engineers, 21 first as
sistant engineers and 9 second assis
tants. The present armament, cinsist
ing mainly of Hotchkiss and smaller
machine guns, could no doubt be in
creased on some of the cutters to 4
inch quick-firing guns, as all the ves
sels are built sufficiently strong to
carry gunboat armaments.
The other branch of the Government
property on water convertible into aux
iliary naval vessels ie the fleet of the
Lighthouse Establishment, which com
prises 39 vessels of all classes. Many
of these would be useless for war pur
poses, and the following list includes
only such as may be considered avail*
able: Armeria, 1052 tons: Azalea, 4?9
tons; Laurel, 320 tons: Madrono, 412
tons; Manzanita, 450 tons: Mangrove,
393 tons, and Wisteria and Zizania,
each of 450 tons. These Iron or steel
propellers range in speed from 14 to 11
knots; they are by virtue of the ser
vice required very strongly built, and
could be fitted with a four or five inch
pivot forward without much trouble,
their general build and arrangemont
favoring such an armament. Thus the
Revenue Marine and Lighthouse Es
tablishment may furnish 29 vessels to
the naval defense, the only difficulty
in the way being a lack of guns other
than Hotchkiss.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOOD
TBTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHT'MANITY
— He who loses that Is wrecked indeed. is your
health failing you? Your strength, ambition.
T%or, vitality wasting away ?
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET* STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all '
NERVOUS, CHRONICandSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women.
Vflllllft lIC II Unnatural drains caused
I UUIIII In kill through errors of youth
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
I He restores lost vigor and vitality to
U/CMIf II CM Organs of the body which
fICHIV IRC Hi hare be.en weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
DIIDTIIDC cured by his new method,
IlUr I UllC without knife, truss or detention
from work. a painless, sure and permanent cure.
If ADIOfInCI C hydrocele, swelling and
I ArlluUUbLCl tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success.
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system.
I A niCC wlu re celve special attention for all
LMSIIC.^ their many ailments.
CONSULTATION FREE M&"
WRITE if you cannot call. a valuable book
"Guide to Health," free. F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
717 Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Francisco, Cal.
Radways Ready Relief for Sprains, ' Bruises.
Bore Muscles, Cram Burns. Sunburns, Back-
ache, Headache, Toothache. Rheumatism. Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. .; Internally for., all r Bowel
Pains. Colic, • Diarrhoea. , Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness. Nausea. tic All drug-
gifts.STATESMEN
CONFER ON
THE CRISIS
Report of the Maine Court
and Cuba Are Under
Consideration.
Many Are Beginning to Believe
That Spain Will Accept the
Demand of Uncle Sam to
End the Island War.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
"Washington, March 27.
The President saw a number of the i
members of the Cabinet at the White
House to-day. They dropped in one by
one until those present included Secre
taries Bliss, Alger, Gage and Attorney
. General Griggs. With them also was
Assistant Secretary Day of the State
Department, who presumably had
some dispatches to show the President.
The gathering was not a special Cabi
net meeting in the sense that that
term is generally used, but was simply
a talk between the President and his
advisers concerning matters on which
he desired to consult. The Cuban ques
tion and the report of the Maine court
of inquiry were the topics discussed,
but so far as could be ascertained noth
ing conclusive was determined, one of
the members of the Cabinet saying
subsequently that there was nothing
new or startling in the situation.
The presence of Judge Day would
infer that there were advices from
Minister Woodford, but further than
an acknowledgment that communica
tion is in progress between the State
Department and the Minister nothing
could be ascertained.
At the State, War and Navy depart
ments there was little semblance of
Sabbath. Chiefs of bureaus, clerks,
ms3sencers and telegraph operators
-..ero at work. Probably never since
t£a days of the late war have so many
officials gathered at the War and
Navy departments on a Sunday. Dis
patches that came over night regard
ing the movements of ships and other
matters were received, and, as many
of them required a prompt answer by
. the department, emergency replies
were formulated.
Secretary Long, however, did not ap
pear at the Navy Department during
the day, as most of the matters re
quiring attention were those that
could as well be attended to by bureau
officers and their assistants. Mrs.
Long has been ill for some time, and
the Secretary in part shook official
cares and spent the major portion of
the day with her. In the afternoon, in
company with Mrs. Long, the Secre
tary drove to the navy yard and in
spected the dynamite cruiser Vesuvius,
■vjhich is having her guns repaired. The
v'ssel has been at the yard since about
a week, and great crowds have been
there to see her.
Assistant Secretary Day spent a por
■ tion of the Sabbath at the State De
partment and there received a call
from the Span'sh Minister, a rather
unusual procedure, indicating impor
tant matters for consideration. The
conference lasted some time, but its
nature could not be learned.
To-night Commodore Winfield S.
Schley, just appointed to the command
of the "flying squadron," left here for
Norfolk. It is said that to-morrow he
will hoist his flag on the Brooklyn,
' -which is to be the flagship of the fleet.
The only other vessel of the squadron
now at Hampton Roads is the Massa
chusetts. Of the remaining three the
Texas is in New York receiving her
ammunition hoists and the Columbia
and the Minneapolis are at League Is
land navy yard, where the final work
preparatory to their sea service is be
ing hurriedly done. The latter will be
at Norfolk about the middle of the
week.
Thj developments of the day in the
Cuban situation indicate steady pro
gress in the negotiations in this coun
try and ■ Spain, looking to the main
tenance of peac at the present at
least. There is good authority for say
ing that Spain's wish is to secure a ces
sation of hostilities in Cuba rather than
to engage in a war with the United
States, and that it is more than proo
able that negotiation between the Gov
ernment of the United Stater and the
Sagasta Ministry will take a turn in
the immediate future. The present
Spanish Ministry has expressed a pa
cific disposition from the beginning,
"1 and the indications are strong now that
it will avail itself of the good offices
of the United St. tes to the fullest ex
tent that public opinion in Spain will
allow in bringing to an end the hos
tilities in Cub;.,
To what extent the Unted States may
• go in assisting Spain in her present de
sign of securin I an armistice is not yet
determined, but the conservative ele
ment in the administration consider the
• manifestation of this desire on their
. part for even a temporary peace a di
rect result of President McKinley's
diplomacy and they are naturally dis
posed to contend that the President
should be left free for the present at
least to pursue a policy which promises
much in the way of preventing war be
tween this country and Spain and also
of bringing to a close the hostilities in
Cuba. Hence there will be an effort
on the part of the peacefully inclined in
Congress to continue to hold that body
In check and to prevent inflammatory
utterances there until this promising
diplomatic lead may be exploited. On
the part of the administration it is ;
stated that the development of the situ
ation will not require a great length of |
time ana that there will be no ex
" tended delay.
A policy has been fully determined |
upon by the President. It is to bring
the Cuban war to a close. This will be |
accomplished by pointed intervention if j
necessary, but "it is considered far pre
ferable that the end should come as the
result of peaceful negotiations than
that it shou '<i be accompanied by hos
tile demonstrations on the part of the
United States. Hence the disposition of;
the President Is to give Spain a fair op
iPortunity to secure an armistice with
V.? C " bans and to allow her a reason- i
able time in which to come to an un
derstanding with the Cubans. '
♦v, \°*u stated upon -high authority
that there has been no abatement of
the. President's intention to see that
the war is terminated and that it is
closed upon terms that will render the
Cubans practically a free people. : It is
not believed that they would accept
1 iney «ouia accept
anything less nor that Americans
would be satisfied if we should encour
age a settlement that would not be ac
ceptable to the Cubans. If there should
now be an armistice it would be with
the concessions made by Spain at the
instance of this country, that negotia
tions should be opened immediately
with the insurgents looking to the es
tablishment of a permanent peace upon
these terms. It has long been the hope
of the Administration to bring Spam to
the point of making propositions of this
character as the basis of a settlement
that is satisfactory to all parties, and
it is hoped from Spain's attitude that
this time has arrived.
The friends of the Administration
feel that the situation is a very delicate
one and that much will depend upon
the course Congress may pursue. In
the meantime the President will, on
Wednesday, send his message asking
that an appropriation be made for the
aid of the destitute Cubans.
CONGRESS WEARY OF
CONTINUED DELAY
Will Take Affairs Into Its Own
Hands If the Administration
Does Not Act Soon.
NEW YORK, March 27.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele- i
graphs: Many members with whom I
talked to-day express themselves as ,
very impatient of further delay in the ;
enunciation of a decisive policy look- j
ing to the speedy ending of the war |
in Cuba. They say that if the admin
istration is disposed to negotiate for
settling the Cuban difficulty diplo- I
matically with Spain much longer Con
gresa will take the matter into its own
hands and precipitate decisive action, i
Senator Lindsay of Kentucky, dis- i
cussing the general situation, said to
me to-day:
"If the President does not transmit
to Congress to-morrow the entire re- j
port of the Maine court of inquiry, the !
absolute confidence and support which j
the members of both houses, regardless
of party, have accorded him will be
very materially lessened. The adminis
tration has stated that it is making
every preparation for a war with Spain
growing out of a long chain of events,
of which the destruction of the Maine
may have been the most important. If
we are on the brink of war, Congress, j
which is the sole war-making power, '
ought to be put into possession of every j
line of testimony adduced, at the ses- I
sions of the court of inquiry.
"If the testimony goes to the Com- I
mittee on Foreign Relations, Congress
will not be satisfied, and the policy
which the President may have formu
lated will be disregarded. Unless Con- |
gress is assured that the administra- !
tion is not temporizing it cannot be re
strained from taking decisive action on
its own account. Furthermore, Con- j
gress will not endure continued diplo
matic negotiations with Spain regard
ing the settlement of the Cuban ques
tion. If we are to continue to parley i
with the Madrid Government the ad- I
ministration will find that the patience j
of Congress is exhausted; even the (
most conservative men will be con- ;
strained to repudiate this waiting and !
indecisive policy and to act. We do not !
want war, but we must insist that Cuba j
shall be immediately freed forever ;
from Spanish Government and barba- j
rity. If Spain will not peaceably re- j
llnquish the island she must be forced |
to do so. This is the temper of Con
gress, and Congress will shape the pol
icy of the country."
I had a talk with a very conserva
tive member of the House Committee
on Foreign Affairs, who, en account of
his connection with that committee,
could not talk for publication. This
gentleman, who has on former occa- j
sions opposed any action in regard to j
Cuban affairs, said to me:
"There is grave danger of Congress
taking the whole matter from the
hands of the. President if he tries to
hold back too long. Aside from re
stricted localities, the people of the
country are a unit in favor of aggres
sive action, and the men in the House
who expect to stand for re-election, and
who are getting letters from their dis
tricts, come to me every day and de
clare they cannot face their constitu
ents if they fail to take early action
toward ending the horrible condition of
affairs which prevails in Cuba, and
which Spain has given ample evidence
she has neither the desire nor the
power to end. Unless there is some
vital military or naval reason for the
delay, the President should not hesi
tate a day longer, but should take ac
tion at once to terminate Spanish mis
rule in Cuba."
GARIBALDI IS READY
TO FIGHT FOR CUBA.
"Would Send an Army of Forty Thou
sand Men if Their Expenses
Were Paid.
BERLIN, March 27.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Berliner Tageblatt
telegraphs:
"The Marquis Visconti Venosta, the
Italian Foreign Minister, says the Cu
ban situation has grown worse, but
that outside of Austria, which morally
supports Spain for dynastic reasons, no
European power is inclined to show
practical sympathy for Spain. Ricotti
Garibaldi says that if the United
States will defray their expenses, he
will engage to send 40,000 Garibaldi.ins
to Cuba.
Powder Mills to Beopen.
KELLOGG, W. Va., March 27.— 1t is
stated on trustworthy authority that
the Phoenix Powder Mills here, which
have been idle for four years, will re
sume at once oi. account of a big order
from the United States Government.
Spain After a Warchip.
BERLIN, March 27.- The Vienna cor
respondent of the Frankfort Zcitung
says the Austro-Hungarian Govern
ment is negotiating for the sale t«f a
war vessel to Spain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1898.
The Hugh McCullough of the United States Revenue Marine Service.
GEN. DUDLEY
TALKS WAR
Declares That the Time
for Action Has
Arrived.
This Veteran Knows Only Too
Well of the Treachery
of Spaniards.
Has Never H«d a Doubt That the
Maine Was Blown Up by En
emies of Uncle Sam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 27.— General N. A.
M. Dudley, retired, gave the following
statement to The Call correspondent to
night:
"It is my opinion only one construc
tion could be put upon the sending of
the fleet of torpedo ships to Havana
harbor— an act of war, which It would
become the duty of the United States
Government to resent. The situation
is indeed one of imminent war, and as
much as I deplore the fact, I cannot
doubt from the bellicose attitude of the
Spanish Government that she has been
expecting a conflict and as well as she
could has prepared herself for it
"No other conclusion could be arrived
at from a review of the circumstances
of the last three months than that
Spain was regarding war with this
country as inevitable. And it is equally
true that the administration looks at
the matter in the same light. I hate
the thought of war. 1 have been in the
army a King time, have been under a
hundred days' fire and seen service in
Mexico and the West, and have in my
memory a recollection of hundreds of
brave men dead and dying from the
ravages of battle, and I don't want
war. It is a horrible thing but I feel,
nevertheless, that the Government has
shown a noble spirit of forbearance,
and the time for forbearance has
passed. I know what the Spaniards
are. The whole history of Spain is a
story of atrocities, of unspeakable
crimes, and the Spanish are the most
treacherous of all races of the earth.
And it is because I know Spanish
character that I believe and have be
lieved from the first that the Maine
in Havana harbor was deliberately
blown up. I can't express with too
much emphrsis my admiration for the
attitude the administration has taken
during the whole course of this
trouble. The whole disturbance is a
credit to the country. It is standing
upon the same ground which it stood
during the Civil War — the cause of
simple humanity, and if the nation
for whose starving people thousands of
dollars and shiploads of rations have
been sent to Cuba wants war this coun
try has nothing to fear and will take
part in any c nflict with credit to it
self and honor to the administration."
WOULD NOT SHIP
ON A SPANISH VESSEL
Cotton Expoi-ters at Galveston Fear
That Their Cargoes Might
Bs Seized.
NEW YORK, March 27.— An Austin
special to the Herald says: Cotton
buyers and brokers of this State are
becoming alarmed at the situation in
business brought on by war rumors.
They find it impossible to secure In
surance. People will not accept cotton
with the present cloud hovering over
the country.
A Spanish ship now in Galveston, in
attempting to load cottc-n for Liver
pool, has been refused insurance for
fear of seizure on the high seas. Sev
eral foreign firms have wired to their
State buyers to ship on British vessels
only, as they are considered the only
safe means of transportation in case of
war. There is at least a third of the
Texas cotton crop yet to be moved, and
the present war scare is being seriously
felt in the marketing of the product.
Efforts are being made looking to re
lieving the situation, but at present
local buyers say the situation is very
critical.
BATTLE PAINT FOR
THE BATTLESHIPS
To-Day the Work of Daubing the
Vessels of the North Atlantic
Squadron Will Be Resumed.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 27.— The ex
citement among naval officers and resi
dents abated somewhat to-day, but
everywhere groups could be seen dis
cussing the probability of war with
Spain. The work of painting the bat
tleships, unexpectedly stopped yester
day, will be resumed to-morrow. They
will be painted a dull lead color in
stead of black.
It is learned that Captain Wick of
the New York sailed last night on the
Bache for Havana. His mission there
is said to confer with Lieutenant-Com
mander Wainwright. and to decide
whether further wrecking work on the
Maine will be of any use.
The lowa left late last night for Dry
Tortugas. where she will coal. She Is
expected shortly. Thi- harbor presents
a warlike appearance. The Marblehead,
Monteromery. Detroit. Nashville. Cin
cinnati, Castine. Wilmington and six
torpedo boats lie close in shore, while
th>' Indiana and New York loom six
miles out. Th« Montgomery is expect
ed to go north shortly.
Eight bodies from the Maine were
laid to rest in the city cemetery this
morning with the same simple cere
monies that have attended the inter
ment of other bodies buried here.
AUXILIARY
MEN-OF-WAR
Lighthouse Vessels Are
Turned Over to
the Navy.
Board of Officers to Be Chosen
to Seiect Their Armament
and Protection.
the Same Time the Revenue Cut
ters Will Be Prepared lor
Duty »s GunbOKis.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 27. — A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Four of
the speediest and most desirable ves
sels of the lighthouse service have been
selected for conversion into auxiliary
men of war. By direction of the Presi
dent the Treasury Department formally
turned over the Ameria, Maple and
Mangrove to the Secretary of the Navy
yesterday, and that official at once is
sued orders to their commanding offi
cers, directing them to proceed imme
diately to Norfolk navy yard. There
the vessels will be inspected by a board
of officers to be appointed by Commo
dore Farquhar, commandant of the
yard, for the purpose of determining
the armament and protection that they
should receive. As these orders were
telegraphed, it is expected that the ves
sels are now making preparations to
start for Norfolk. The Ameria is in
New York harbor, the Maple is
serving in Maryland waters and the
Mangrove is now in Havana in attend
ance upon the divers who are working
on the remains of the Maine. It is ex
pected that the Ameria will make quite
a formidable gunboat when she re
ceives her protection and armament.
She has a gross tonnage of 1100, a
draught of 16 feet and horsepower of
1000, which will drive her at the rate
of about IT> knots an hour. It is ex
pected that the Ameria will be given a
battery of four or five inch guns be
sides a number of smaller weapons, and
she will be attached to the fleet at Key
West for duty as a picket boat.
The Maple has a gross tonnage of 400
tons and will be remembered as the
vessel used by ex-President Cleveland
during his fishing expeditions in the
Virginia swamps. The Mangrove will
leave Havana probably as soon as pc-s
sibel for Norfolk, her place being taken
by the coast survey steamer Bache.
which arrived at that port last night
from Key West.
The board which will be appointed to
determine the armament and protection
to be given the lighthouse service ves
sels will perform a similar duty in con
nection with revenue cutters. Some <rf
the cutters are expected to arrive at
Norfolk during the present week. The
Gresham and Calumet are on the lakes
and they will begin their voyage tn
Norfolk through the lakes, the Welland
canal and St. Lawrence as soon as they
can be made ready for the trip. In order
to permit the Gresham to get through
Welland canal it will be necessary for
twenty feet of her stern to be removed.
It will also be necessary to remove the
same amount from the Onondaga and
Algonquin, which are being rushed tci
completion at Cleveland. To pay the
expense of this work and to take the
revenue cutters to Norfolk from their
present stations the President has al
lc-wed $75.000^
SAYS INTERVENTION
WOULD BE JUSTIFIED.
General Manderson Believes This
Government Should Inter
fere in Cuba.
OMAHA. March 27.— General Charles
F. Manderson in an interview on the
Cuban situation says:
"It surely looks more like war than
it did two weeks ago. To my mind
the action of Spain in sendinga formid
; able flotilla of torpedo boats to Cuba
forms an incident that is more war
; like than any of the features of the
| Maine disaster or of the complications
! growing out of the oppression and
1 starvation of the Cubans.
"The question of indemnity to this
! Government for the loss of the Maine
1 might be settled by a Court of Nations
'or any other form of arbitration. On
, the other hand it seems to me that this
| Government would certainly be w r ar-
I ranted In taking steps toward inter-
I vention in the Spanish -C. ;>an difficul
ties. The terrible outrages committed
! by the Spaniards among Cubans can
■no longer be endured. The rpnorts are
; from trustworthy sources and indicate
, that intervention on the grounds of
humanity would be entirely justified."
WOULD NOT RAISE
LIFE INSURANCE RATES
One Company to Abrogate the Clause
Against Holders Going
to War.
ST. LOUIS, March 27.— John A. Mc-
Call, president of the New York Life
Insurance Cr.-mpany, in an interview as
to the probability that insurance rates
would be increased by war, said: "We
will not only maintain our present
rates, even on the policies of holders
who are likely to go to the front, but
: we will make null and void all restric
i tions hitherto in force. A large number
! of our oldest policies contain clauses
! preventing the holder from going to
'. war. That clause has been annulled.
We have sent out policies free from re
striction."
FAVORS UNION
WITH ENGLAND
Views of Professor Wells
of Dartmouth Col
lege.
Believes There Should Be an
Alliance of English-Speak
ing Nations.
American Tr«da Threatened by
the Powers of Continental
Europe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, March 27.— Professor D.
Collins Wells of Dartmouth College, a
well-known authority on international
law, to-day gave The Call correspond
ent a statement on the proposed Eng
lish alliance in view of the present
Spanish and Chinese troubles. He said:
"I believe that inasmuch as the colo
nization of different parts of the world
by France, Germany and Russia has
gradually shut out the United States
commerce byd -riminating tariffs in fa
vor of the mother country, an extension
of such a policy is ultimately going to
prove disastrous to the United States.
Both England and the United States
are virtually shut out from trade with
French, German or Russian colonies.
Is it not time that these two great Elng
lish-speaking nations should combine
for mutual protection from future en
croachment upon their commerce by
nations of Europe and for benefits of
mutually increased commercial advan
tages? The present Cuban crisis has
revealed a fundamental sympathy be
tween all English-speaking people. Un
i der certain circumstances there is
growing up in tht? Teat American re
public a dangerous antagonist for
1 Great Britain and a valuable ally for
the European continent, whose policy
should be to treat her with the greatest
consideration.
"It is time we realized that there is
practically a continental alliance with
the end in view to divide up England's
provinces. This anti-English or anti
liberal feeling seems the ruling passion
in the breast of Kaiser William. He
would not lose sight of German bond
holders and traders in these events.
"Now all this concerns us. If they are
allowed to partition China we must re
i tire from that market. In the present
crisis continental nations give at least
moral support to Spain.
"I know of no valid reason why Eng-
I land and the United States, having re
■ ciprocal interests and common lan
' guage, traditions and institutions,
should not have for one another such
! natural sympathy as to forever pre
' vent hostilities between them. There
would be vast strength in such an al
\ liance."
WRECKING OPERATIONS
MAY BE SUSPENDED.
Sub - Committee of Investigatioi
Will Decide the Question
To-Day.
Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, March 27.— As a result of
the arrival to-day of Captain Chad
wick of the flagship New York to con
voke a sub-committee of investigation,
consisting of himself. Captain Cowles
of the Fern and Lieutenant-Comman
der Watowrlght of the Maine, the
work of dismantling the wreck of the
Maine may be abandoned. It is for
this committee to decide whether that
work shall continue at this time and
under the present circumstances. An
informal meeting was held this morn
ing, at which an inventory of the
movable furniture still aboard the
Maine was gone over and an estimate
marie of the time that would be re
quired to remove it. To-morrow the
matter will be gone over in a much
more thorough manner, and a decision
may be arrived at to-morrow night,
though it is quite likely that the Bache
will not take Captain Chadwick back
to Key "West before Tuesday.
It is said to be quite likely that
wrecking operations will be dropped
upon order of this committee. The
Mangrove has taken on the six-inch
guns and explosive materials already
brought up from the Maine and w r ill
sail for Key West as soon as Captain
Chadwick makes known the decision
of the committee.
SPAIN STRENGTHENING
PHILIPPINE DEFENSES.
Guarding Against the Possibility of
a Sudden Attack by
Sea.
MANILA, Philippine Islands, March
25. — The defenses and forts have been
strengthened with a view to guarding
against a possible sudden sea attack.
The gendarmerie recently seized
eighty armed Separatists in a house,
where they were preparing a coup de
main. The Separatists offered a vio
lent resistence, but the gendarmarie
shot ten, wounded three and took the
rest prisoners. Three gendarmes were
wounded. Order was finally estab
lished.
Veterans Would Fight Again.
"WASHINGTON, March 27. — General
Daniel Butterfield has advised the Sec
i retary of War that his old regiment,
i the Twelfth New York, has through its
| commander, Colonel Leonard, by letter
i to the Governor of New York, tendered
its services for the war In case war
I comes.
DETERMINE
TO ABANDON
THE MAINE
The Naval Officers Realize
That the Battle=Ship
Is Lost.
After All the Property Possible
Is Saved by Wreckers the
Hull Will Be Destroyed
as an Obstruction.
NEW YORK, March 27.— A Wash
ington special to the Herald says: In
view of the refusal of the Spanish Gov
ernment to permit the use of dynamite
in wrecking work on the Maine con
siderable difficulty is anticipated by the
authorities in raising the turreted guns
of the battle-ship.
There has never been any Intention
on the part of this Government to al
low the use of explosives in such large
quantities as to destroy the evidences
of an external explosion, which have
been reported by the Court of Inquiry.
Appreciating that the Spanish courts
will seek to have the matter referred to
international arbitration it is desired
by the officials to leave the Maine in
the same condition as when she went
down. The authorities say, therefore,
that it is as much to the interest of this
Government as to Spain not to permit
the use of dynamite in sufficient quan
tities to destroy the evidences of exter
nal explosion.
Captain Sigsbee's letter to Secretary
Long recommending the use of dyna
mite in small quantities for the pur
pose of lifting the caps of the 10-inch
turrets was written because of the diffi
culties in wrecking work which dyna
mite would overcome. The caps are
riveted to vertical plates and it is prac
tically impossible for a diver working
under water to exert enough force to
break the rivets so as to permit the lift
ing of the caps by the derrick chief.
With dynamite it would have been
comparatively an easy matter to raise
the caps of turrets and to remove the
10-inch guns. There are four of these
weapons valued at about $250,000, and it
is desired by this Government to get
them as quickly as possible. Although
Captain Sigsbee and other officers have
ADVERTISEMENTS.
#+•+••+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•■!••+•+•+•+•*••+•■*
Since our introductory summer cut
of $5,00 on $15,00 Suits, $10.00
Suits have been all the rage. For
real genuine values there has never
been offered in San Francisco any-
thing better in the clothing line.
It's a most varied selection of elegance
and worth we invite you to look over,
reinforcing all we say in favor of
these suits by our standing rule—
your money back if there is any dis-
satisfaction, and everything kept in
repair one year free of charge.
We show a thoroughly up-to-date line of BATS AND CAPS AND MEN'S FUR-
NISHINGS of all descriptions.
718-722 MARKET ST., S. F-
been detached from the Maine th*
wreck is as much the property of the
United States as it was when a floating
fortress with the American flag at its
masthead.
"The Maine has simply gone out of
commission," said Captain A. S. Crown
inshleld. Chief of the Bureau of Navi
gation, to me to-night. "She has not
been abandoned nor have any orders
been given for her future disposition."
It is generally understood that the
Maine will be abandoned as soon as the
wreckers have completed their work,
unless the Spanish and American gov
ernments should agree to an interna
tional commission, in which event she
will be retained as the property of the
Government until the investigation is
concluded. The authorities have given
up all hope of being able to raise the
vessel, and she will be destroyed by
dynamite at the proper time, In order
to clear the harbor of Havana of such
an obstruction to navigation.
MASSES IN SPAIN
DO NOT WANT PEACE
Would Not Deign to Discuss McKin-
ley's Proposal to Free
Cuba.
MADRID, March 27.— El Liberal, re
ferring to dispatches from. Washington,
attributing to President McKinley a de
cision to propose that Spain should free
Cuba for an indemnity, says:
The Government may answer what
it please?; the Spanish people as a
whole will not deign to discuss this pro
posal. Spain will go to war in fulfill
ment of her duty, but not for ephem
eral glories or the desire of conquest.
We may emerge vanquished, which is
somewhat doubtful, but we will never
come out dishonored.
34
COLD FIELDS
RICHER THAN
KLONDIKE
Bonanza Strikes Made
on Phil Walsh
Creek.
Fifteen Hundred Men Already
at the New Dig
gings.
Trails Leading Toward the Big
Salmon Jammed With
Argonauts.
OTHER NEW DISCOVERIES.
Land Alorsg Lake Creek Yielding
Rich Returns to the Gold-
Seekers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BKAGUAY, March 23 (via Seattle,
March 27).— For a week past the excite
ment here as to the rumored rich strikes
near the Big Salmon Paver has been
growing and growing, and one after
another a dozen or so of the leading
men of the town have packed their out
fits and started up the trail in a rush.
From Dyea also there has been an
exodus, and the Chilkoot summit has
for the last three or four days been so
jammed with men that night and day
there was a continual procession, the
chin of one man grazing the pack* of
the man in front of him. It is said that
on the other side from Lake Bennett
and all the camps along the lakes
where so many hundreds have been
camped during the winter there has
been a regular stampede, and the trail
for two hundred miles is thick with
people.
A man arrived at Dyea on Monday
who showed a lot of nuggets from the
new diggings, and Charles Kilpatrick
of Philadelphia is in town here showing
shot gold that, he has taken from his
claim on the creek where the new
strike was made. The new diggings
are on Phil Walsh Creek, which emp
ties into the Lewis four miles below
the Big Salmon. The first discovery
was made in January by a party of ten
spending the winter there, of whom
C. M. Breede and a man named Tim
ons put in the discovery post two and
a half miles from the mouth of the
creek. Mr. Kilpatrick was there on
March 6. and staked claim Xo. 60
above Discovery. When he left the
creek, which is about eighteen miles
long. No. 17f> above and Xo. 40 below
Discovery had been staked. He says
by this "time at least 1500 people are
there, or more than enough to stake
the creeK in claims of 250 feet several
times over.
He heard that rich strikes had been
made on Lake or Cedar Creek, ten
miles below, hut on the opposite or
west side of the Lewis River, by Con
nelly of the same party which made
the discovery on Phil Walsh Creek.
Mr. Kilpatrick declares that the aver
age at a depth of four feet was $2 50
a pan. Bedmck is about eight feot, and
had not been reached When he left.
Every one who has com° out these last
few days declares the district to be
richer than anything in the Klondike.
KLONDIKER HAMLIN
SUCCUMBS TO EXPOSURE.
Former Dominion Engineer Fatally
Frost Bitten While Lost
in a Storm.
VICTORIA, B. C. March 27.— News
was brought from Dawson City to
day by John Piche, who left the Klon
dike capital on February 16, that L. B.
Hamlin, a well-known Canadian engi
neer, died In a hospital on the morn
ing'of that day. He was badly frozen
a month ago and lingered In the hospi
tal since then, suffering until death
came.
Hamlin left Victoria last summer to
Burvey Hootalinqua river and Teslin
lake for the Provincial Government,
which wished to ascertain if a steam
ship could run from Teslin to Daw-
Bon. After submitting his report he
proceeded to Dawson to try his for
tune as a miner. While at Dawson in
January, r.ews came of rich strikes on
Reindeer Creek, and with another man.
whose name was not given, he joined
the stampede. He and his companion
were fortunate enough to find good
claims on the new creek, which is a
tributary to Dominion Creek, and we*e
on the way back to Dawson to record
them when they lost their way.
The weather was terribly cold, and at
nightfall a heavy wind intensified it.
Hamlin and his companion, realizing
they must find shelter if they would
save their lives, hunted in all direc
tions, but It was not until early morn
ing that they found shelter from the
storm in a small cabin on the sum
mit of the divide. The miners living
there cared for them as well as they
could, but the effects of the severe ex
posure had been too much for Hamlin
and his companion, who were in urgent
need of medical assistance. Realizing
this, the miners made a Irip to Dawson
and informed the mounted police, who
sent a dog team for Hamlin. The jour
ney took several days and when the
Dawson hospital was reached Hamlin
was very low. After suffering great
pain for a week he died. His conirian
lon, although surviving the terrible
night's exposure, suffered severely and
both his feet will have to be axnpu
tated.
Hamlin, who was GO years old. was at
one time very wealthy, having realized
considerable money from his connec
tion with the construction of the Cana
dian Pacific Railroad and other rail
way enterprises. He lost his fortune
through the collapse of the real estate
boom.
GOVERNOR BRADY GOES
OVER THE DYEA TRAIL
Travels to the Summit to Note the
Presence of the British
Flag.
SKAGUAY. March 20, via Seattle.
Wash., March 27.— Governor Brady and
Collector Ivey yesterday went over the
Dyea ' trail to the summit to of
ficially note the British flag fly
ing there. Collector Ivey came al
most direct from Washington, with in
structions to post two American sub
collectors at Lake Bennett, so that peo
ple going through the ; United States'
narrow strip of territory, now very
much narrower, could v deposit the
amount of their duty here and T collect
the same amount at the boundary, and
thus save the expense of convoys at
$6 a day.
The late newspapers reported that
the summit had been conceded to Can
ada, but the collector did not know this
officially, and so he and the Governor
went on horseback to Sheep Camp, and
from there climbed up the summit to
interview Captain Belcher, in com
mand of the mounted police there. The
captain received them courteously, but
in reply to Mr. Tvey's "question as to
whether he could place sub-collectors
at Lake Bennett. Captain Belcher said
he certainly could not with his (Bel
cher's) permission. The conversation
that ensued was similar to the one had
with Captain Belcher by The Call cor
respondent, the courteous mounted po
lice officer making no disguisement of
the fact that Canada claimed the ter
ritory beyond.
Governor Brady and Mr. Ivey asked
politely Li what authority Captain
Belcher hiVd taken up his position
there, and the answer was. "By in
structions from his superiors." The
collector has nothing further to do
but to report the matter to Washing
ton and ask if the sub-collectors be
placed on the summit.
So far as the rumored drastic in
structions from the Treasury Depart
ment to entirely stop the liquor traffic
in Alaska are concerned. Collector Ivey
had done nothing except close the
breweries. All the saloons are running
as usual. Governor Brady, however,
who leaves for Washington at once in
order to have his say in the impend
ing Alaska legislation, is outspoken as
to the iniquity and illegality of the
saloon business, and he seems to favor
the idea of asking Congress to grant
Alaska statehood, instancing Califor
nia, as an example of becoming a State
without first being a Territory, under
similar conditions to those now exist
ing in Alaska.
Gold From Unga Island.
SEATTLE. March 27.— G01d bullion
valued at from $70,000 to $75,000 was
brought down by the steamship Ber
tha, which arrived here yesterday from
I'npa Island. It Is a portion of the
winter's output of the famous Apollo
mine, owned by the Alaska Commer
cial Company and which is now turn
ing out more gold than ever before.
The bullion is in charge of F. C. May
on. who has been superintendent of the
mine for seven --ears.
SEATTLE FATHER'S
QUICK REVENGE
Slays a Man Who Led Three
of His Daughters
Astray.
Goes to the Trysting Place and Coolly
Shoots the Culprit to
Death..
Special DiFpatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 27.— M. F. Shelderup,
a traveling agent employed by the Equit
able Life Insurance Company of this city,
was sliot through the breast and killed
by E. M. Bradley at the corner of Third
and Cherry streets in this city to-day in
the presence of at least a hundred per
" Bradley is about 45 years of age. and
has boriie a good reputation here for six
years. He says that Shelderup betrayed
three of Ins daughters, and the slayer ap
parently has no compunction for his act.
He was on hi? way to the Police Station
to crivc himself up when arrested.
Shelderap'a relations to Gillian Brad
ley, the eldest of Bradley' 3 daughters,
liad been intimate for nearly two years.
\ few months ago lie and Lillian Wad a
falling out anil he began paying atten
tion to a vnunger daughter, Bessie. The
eldor girl." in a fit of jealousy, r. ported
certain doings of ShHdc-rup and her sis
ter to her parents about a we(>lt ago. and
as a result Bradley began hunting for
Shelderup to kill him.
Shelderup left the city, but returned on
Saturday night, and yesterday morning
took a ratal step by telephoning to Miss
Bessie asking her to meet him at a con
cert at the theater. The message was in
tercepted by the father, who. arming
himself with a revolver, coolly -walked
down to where Shelderup was standing
near the theater, and, without a word,
tired. Shelderup died a few moments la
ter in a nearby saloon, almost without a
word.
Shelderup had a wife here. He was a
Norwegian, about 35 years of age. Brad
ley has a large family. He is a carpenter
arid came to Seattle from Kansas City.
RUSSIA TO OCCUPY
PORT ARTHUR TODAY
Agreement With China Regarding
the Lease Signed by M.
Pauloff.
PEKING. March 27.— M. Pauloff. the
Russian Charge d'Affaires. signed to-day
the agreement regarding *he lease of
Port Arthur and Talien-Wan. Port
Arthur will be given over to-morrow.
Chin-Chow will remain Chinese, but
the Russians will establish a small sta
tion in the environs. China will retain
.sovereign rights generally and Port
Arthur and Talien-Wan will be open to
the warships of all nations.
Regarding the customs the Russians re
servo to themselves the collection of the
duties, but nothing is divulged as to thoir
eventiial destinations. The Russians will
probably take the forts at Port Arthur.
The Chinese have derided to opon Fu
ning, province of Fo-Kien, as a treaty
port.
DB. GARDNER'S EASTERN TRIP.
Granted Leave of Absence for a
Period of Sixty Days.
SACRAMENTO. March 27.— The board
of managers of Napa Asylum has granted
leave of absence to Dr. M. A. Gardner,
superintendent of the Napa State Hos
pital, for a period of sixty days, begin
ning April 1. for the purpose of attend
ing the psychological convention tr, be
held in St. Louis in May; for taking tes
timony in the application of S. D. Wor
don for the commutation of his sentence
of capital punishment, and for visiting
different State asylums in the East. Six
hundred dollars is granted for the trip,
the- Lunacy Board approving.
Floyd McFarland's Challenge.
SAN JOSE. March 27.— Floyd McFar
land, the well-known racing cycler, de
posited $250 to-day with a local paper and
issued a challenge to any League of Am
erican Wheelmen rider to meet him In a
series of match races, one. two anl live
miles, best two out of three to take the
purse. He also challenges any two riders
representing a. team to meet Orlando
Stevens and himself in a team race, paced
or unpaced.
Death at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, March 27— Edwin D. Ken
drick. son of General Manager Kendrlck
of the Northern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, died in this city to-day after a long
illness, He was 13 years old. The re
mains were shipped to Minneapolis, and
Manager Kendrkks and his family left
this afternoon for the same place.
Peru's Budget Snows a Deficit.
LIMA, via Galveston, March 27.— The
Government has published the budget for
ISC'S, which shows a deficit of £70.239. It
is rumored that on Easter evening the
Government will pay its employes in
Peruvian sovereigns. The Cuban dele
gate. Senor Aristkles Aguero, arrived
here to-day and. will shortly proceed to
the United States.
Princess de Joinville Dead.
PARIS. March 27.— Princess Marie
Amclie d'Orleans, the Princess de Join
ville. daughter-in-law of the late Louis
Philippe, King of the French, is dead.
To Cure a Cold in One Day-
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money If it fails to cure. 25c.
The genuine has L, C. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1898.
STAMPEDE TO
NEW DIGGINGS
Rush From Dawson to the
Scene of a Rich
Strike.
Pay Dirt Found Between the
Big and Little Skookum
Creeks.
Charles McCarthy of San Francisco
Shot in a Brawl at
Skaguay.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SKAGUAY, Alaska, March 24, via
Seattle, Wash., March 27.— One of the
biggest stampedes yet recorded in the
Klondike region was occasioned on
February 12 by a very rich strike on
the divide between the Big and Little
Skookum. The strike was made in
bench diggings on a high hog-back, 300
or 400 feet above the level of the
gulches. Pay dirt running from $15 to
535 to the pan was found.
Following the announcement of the
strike occurred a stampede from Daw
son of immense proportions, and the
entire ridge was staked out in an in
credibly short time.
This news was brought to this city
this week by A. Piche, official courier
and dispatch bearer for the Canadian
Government. Mr. Piche says there was
immense excitement at Dawson when
he left over the Skookum strike, and
that over 200 men were standing in line
at the Recorder's office to make a rec
ord of their claims. Mr. Piche brings
the news of a new strike on Lewis
River, which is of great importance if
It develops as now promised.
On March 6 a man named Con
nolly, while prospecting a small "pup"
leading off the leads about seven ty
miles below Lake Le Barge, found pay
dirt, which is big in promise. Piche
personally visited the claim and took
from 52 to $3 from a single pan. The
discovery is about three miles up the
stream from the leads.
The latest reports from the Salmon
River country were brought out by
Charles Fitzpatrick, who arrived here
from that district. Fitzpatrick says
the find on Walsh Creek is all that has
been claimed for it, as he took from his
own claim $2 50 to the pan. He says
there are already about 1000 people at
Walsh Creek, which is 500 more than
can obtain claims on that particular
stream. The creek is not fifty miles
in length, as was at first reported. It
will not measure over twenty-five miles
in length. He says, however, that the
whole country in that vicinity is min
eral bearing, and that in his judgment
the next three months will see some
further remarkable strikes. He says:
"For instance, I think the Sc-uth
Fork of the Big Salmon will turn out
a paying investment. It is about 125
miles from Lewis River. Then there is
the Loto or Lote Creek, which has al
ready shown up favorably, running
about 75 cents to the pan, and I could
mention fc-ur or five other creeks in the
vicinity equally as good."
What is regarded by many as an im
portant and rich gold strike has been
made in the immediate vicinity of
Skaguay. For some time past system
atic prospecting has been carried on in
the hills surrounding the Skaguay trail,
and at List it has been rewarded.
Thomas H. Phipps and Ralph Smith
claim to have unearthed a ledge of rich
quartz bearing free milling gold. The
location is kept a secret, but is de
scribed by them as being "within an
hour's walk of the post office."
The value of the find cannot be deter
mined until returns from the assay
office at Juneau are made.
The prospect bears every evidence of
being more than a surface cronping.
Samples picked at random were beaten
up with a hammer and particles of yel
low metal washed from the dust excited
much interest. The locators claim to
have abundant capital to develop the
mine and say a bucket tramway will
readily solve the prc-blem of getting out
the quartz.
Charles McCarthy, a well-known
ward politician of San Francisco, was
shot through the legs in this city this
morning by Charley Ritter, a waiter in
the Horseshoe restaurant. The row
grew out of a drunken brawl. McCar
thy's wound is serious, though not dan
gerous. At about the same hour an
c-ther shooting affray occurred on Mc-
Kinney street, in which several shots
were fired. No visible results were left
save a bullet hole through the sign of
a newspaper office.
RELIEF FUND FOR
INJURED SEALERS
Aid to Be Given the Frost-
Bitten Men of the Green
land.
Twenty-Five of the Crew Reported
Dead and as Many Mora
Missing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. JOHNS. N. F.. March 27. -The j
scaling steamer Greenland, which put i
Into Bay de Verds last night with a story i
of terrible disaster to her crew on !
Wednesday and Thursday while among
the tee floes in search of seals, arrived i
here this afternoon. She reported twenty- !
five dead, twenty-five missing and sixty
six so fearfully frostbitten that about
twenty of them will lose their limbs.
Already a relief fund has been started
to assist the injured and the relatives of
the deceased.
The Greenland drove ashore In Bay
de Verds last night during a heavy gale, ]
her anchor chains parting, but she got :
off again without serious damage. She j
had a narrow escape while making St. I
Johns harbor, owing to the imperfect
compass and a thick fog. A man who was
watching her from the rigging of a vessei
near by fell to the deck, and has since
died from his injuries.
The Greenland has 14.000 seals. She re
ports that the Aurora has 18.000, the
Diana 12,000 and the^ Iceland 10,000.
General Stanley Honored.
WASHINGTON, Marc u 27.— Ky unani
mous vote of the executive committee of
the Society of the Army of the Cumber
land. General David S. Stanley has been
designated to act as president of the so
ciety, vice General Rosecrans, deceased,
until the next annual reunion.
La Bourgogne Arrives.
NEW YORK, March 27.— The French
steamer La Bourgogne, which arrived to
day from Havre, brought 5.580.000 francs
in specie. Among the passengers were H.
Isaac, the French bicyclist, and Jap
Eaton, the champion rider of Holland.
Cruisars Sail for New York.
LONDON, March 27.— Lloyd's reports
that the United States cruisers San Fran
cisco and New Orleans (formerly the i
Amazonas), which sailed at 1:40 p. m. to
day, are bound for New "i ork.
GENERAL LEE IS
PREPARING FOR TROUBLE.
As Consul He Is Taking Steps to
Communicate With Americans
If a Crisis Comes.
HAVANA (via the Herald-Call dis
patch boat to Key West, Fla., March
27.— The Spanish guard boat containing
a naval officer and sailors has again
been placed on duty day and night, pa
trolling the waters immediately sur
rounding the wreck of the Maine. Their
purpose is said to be to see that Gen
eral Blanco's orders prohibiting the
use of dynamite in removing portions
of the wreck is not violated.
For many days immediately after the
explosion Spanish patrol boats guarded
the wreck continually, but their serv
ices were discontinued after the arrival
of the barge Chief and other large
wrecking apparatus from the north.
The sudden presumption of what ap
pears like official espionage, therefore,
has caused some comment.
Since Captain Sigsbee requested and
General Blanco refused permission to
use dynamite, nobody for a moment
has contemplated its use in violation
of the Captain General's orders. The
Spanish authorities cannot suppose
any such violation has been contem
plated.
The spirit of resistance to a point of
war has grown rapidly here within
forty-eight hours. Local newspapers
are catering to it daily. The position j
of Americans in Havana is undoubtedly
more delicate to-day than ever before, j
This act, therefore, together with the j
Government's order directing local al- I
caldes to refuse all information to rep- i
resentatives of the American relief
committee, is regarded as only an
other evidence of the growing ani
mosity against the so-called American
impudence.
Secretary-General Congusto yester- ]
day asked Consul-General Lee to per
mit him to furnish personal body j
guards. General Lee declined this of- {
fer, and Congosto contented himself
with increasing the detail of plain
clothes detectives which for weeks have
kept a careful eye on General Lee at
all times, with a view to his protection
as he goes about the city.
Consul-General Lee. believing that a j
serious crisis of affairs is likely to oc
cur now at any moment, is to-day pre
paring a revised list of all Americans
now in Havana, together with their
addresses, so that in case of emergency j
they may be communicated with at
short notice.
ENORMOUS MAJORITY
FOR SENOR SAGASTA
Elections for the Popular Branch of
the Spanish Cortes Pass Off
Quietly.
MADRID, March 27.— The elections
for the popular branch of the Cortes
have passed off rather quietly. The in
dications are that Senor Sagasta will
have an enormous majority, estimated
at 300 of the 432 seats in the Congress.
Disorders are apprehended at Bil
bao, where the polling caused great ex
citement. The military judge at Bilbao
issued a warrant for the arrest of three
Socialist Municipal Councilors. One of
them was taken into custody, but the
other two escaped.
MIDNIGHT — The election In the
capital was without special incident.
The elected Deputies include five Lib
erals, one Independent and two Con
servatives. *■
Despite great precautions at Bilbao
there was much disorder. A body of
a hundred miners tried to commit acts
of violence. It is rumored that a So
cialist has beaten a Conservative can
didate there. All the other provinces
are reported calm.
M. Patenotre. the French Embassa
dor, had a conference with Senor Gul
lon yesterday, to which much impor
tance is attached.
HAVANA, March 27.— The election of
Deputies to the Cortes has been in
progress to-day. The Orden Publico
Guards, armed with rifles, have stood
ready to prevent any disorders and the
polling up to the time this dispatch was
filed (before noon) was peaceful. The
city generally is quiet. Last night the
theaters were full and to-day the
streets are thronged.
SECRET ORDER FOR
ELECTRICAL APPARATUS
Pittsburg Plant Steadily Engaged
on Work for the Navy De
partment.
PITTSBURG, March 27.— 1t is learned
that the "Westinghouse Electric Light
Plant has been working steadily for the
last two weeks on a secret Government
order for electrical apparatus designed
for use in connection with submarine
mines and torpedoes. The contract is
for $150,000, and the equipments, which
are to be completed in every detail, are
to be furnished at the earliest possible
moment.
SENSATIONAL EPISODE
AT FORTRESS MONROE.
Report That a Sergeant Has Disap-
peared With the Plans of the
Fortifications.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va.. March 27.—
The disappearance of a German ser
geant named Tscherning from Fortress
Monroe caused the report to be circu
lated to-day that plans of the forti
fications had been stolen. The com
mandant at the fort attributes Tscher
ning's absence to a spree, and says no
plans are missing. Other officers say
that Tscherning could have drawn
plans of his own if he had been so dis
posed, as he is a skilled engineer.
In the Handball Arena.
The coming of the two champions of
handball sports has started among the
local players a sort of impetus to emulate
as far as it is possible the example set by
those two great players. As a conse
quence, the attendance at Phil Ryan's
San Francisco court yesterday afternoon
was better than on any other Sunday,
except, of course, when the crack players
were billed for a day's sport.
The farewell game of Phil Casey was
played yesterday afternoon, at which
that distinguished world's champion and
J. C. Nealon entered the arena against
James Dunne and T. F. Bonnett. Both
Dunne and Casey played with their usual
coolness and showed the local boys some
new tips on backwall takes and low
ground send-ins.
The result of this game was:
Casey and Xealon 15 21 21 IS 21
Dunne and Bonnet 21 16 17 21 19
The scores of the other players were:
E. Lynch and E. McDonough defeated L.
"Waterman and D. J. Sheehan. Score: 21 — 14,
15—21, 21—18.
M. Basch and T. Foley defeated A. Fay and
T. Leach. Score: 21— 1 G. 13—21. 21— ia.
D. Kegan and M. Basch defeated J. Brown
and E. White. Score: 21—15, 17—21. 21—20.
W. Manion and P. Steiner defeated M. Mc-
Neil and G. McDonald. Score: 21—16, IS— 2l,
21—19.
J. White and E. Toy defeated E. Curley and
J. Collins. Scow: 21—17. 15—21. 21—19.
R. Shay nnd H. Moffitt defeated T. Regan
and R. Shields. Score: 21—14. 10—21. 21-17.
M. Kll~allon and R. Linehan defeated A.
Hampton and J. Harlow. Score: 21—13, 19—21,
21 — 20.
A Morning Blaze.
An alarm was turned in from box 53 at
1:10 o'clock this morning: for a fire in a sa
loon at 27 King street. The place was
owned by William McLaughlin, who was
preparing to move. The blar.e started in
the rear of the building and Captain
Comstock was unable to determine the
cause. The loss will reach $500, which
was fully covered by insurance.
FACTS FOR SAN
JOSE VOTERS
Heavy Tax-Payers Lack
ing on the "Jim"
Rea Ticket.
Four Candidates Are Not on
the Assessment Rolls
at All.
On the Other Hand, the New Charter
Club Nominees Are Men
of Affairs. $
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 27.— There are
many more things to recommend the
ticket of the New Charter Club to the
favorable consideration c-f the people
of San Jose than the fact that it was
nominated by a body of men who are
thoroughly representative of the people
who make a community progressive
and prosperous.
At the present time the people are
represented in the Council and in the
offices of City Clerk and City Treas
urer by men who pay little or no taxes,
and it is to this fact that many attrib
ute the reckless extravagance that has
characterized the present administra
tion.
One of the features of the Charter
Club ticket is the large amount of taxes
that its candidates pay in the aggre- !
gate. This is nearly three times what
is paid by the men whom the "gang"
has put forward on its ticket. The
Charter Club ticket represents an as- I
sessed valuation of $356,444, while the
People's Municipal or "gang" ticket
pays taxes on but $130,145. Four men
on the "gang" ticket pay no taxes at ;
all, while c-n the Charter Club ticket
j there is but one man who is not on the
assessment roll.
The men on the "gang" ticket who j
do not figure on the county assessment |
I roll are J. W. Cook, candidate for re
j election as City Clerk; J. N. Ewing,
! candidate for re-election as City Treas-
I urer, and A. G. Bennett, candidate for
I membership on the Appointing Board.
P. P Austin, one of the "gang" candi
dates for membership on the Appoint
ing Board, is down on the county as
sessment roll for $3030, but he really
.owns no property of his own; so he i
j claims. That he does not pay taxes on !
i any property is further evidenced by j
the fact that there are four unsatisfied
] judgments aggregating more than $27,
: 000 standing out against him since IS9.V
In this connection it might not be
amiss to mention several interesting ;
circumstances that center about Aus- j
j tin in reference to the pending elec
tion. Everbody knows how close Aus
! tin is to Boss Rea. Austin is the man
! agor of the Security Savings Bank, and ;
with him on the "gang" ticket are no
i less than three other directors of the
j same institution — F. E. Snencer, H.
Booksln Sr. and Frank Stock.
As this is a campaign to secure a
business administration for the city of
San Jose, the question for the voter to
decide, among others, is which ticket
is likely to give such administration |
I Are the larger or the smaller taxpayers
I likely to best look after the city's in
terest?
If the "gang" Appointing Board Ist
elected its ruling spirit will be Paul P,
Austin, and he in turn will be abso
lutely controlled by "Boss" Rea. Aus
' tin is not a taxpayer, and is not likely ;
; to become one for some years to come, ;
as he must firpt wipp out an indebted
ness of more than $27,000. Rea is not
I a resident of the city. Therefore, if the
I "gang" ticket is elected, it will be un
der the joint control of a non-taxpayer
and a non-resident, neither of whom '■
will have any interest in protecting the
man who by h's hard earned money i
contributes to the maintenance of the
city government.
If the voters want their taxes judi
ciously and economically expended by
men who ar^ laree contributors to the
revenue of the city they must vote the
New Charter Club ticket straight. If
they want their funds used by non
taxnayers and non-residents to fatten
political trickFters and their favorites
they will vot» for the "gang" or Peo
ple's Municipal ticket.
NOW BEING PUT
ON A WAR FOOTING
Significant Activity in the Prepara
tion of the New Jersey Militia
for Emergencies.
TRENTON, N. J., March 27.— The
work of putting the New Jersey Na
tional Guard on a war footing is being
successfully pushed. Major-General
Plume, commanding the New Jersey
division of the National Guard, adju
tant-General Stryker and Quartermas
ter-General Donnelly held a conference
here last night to compare notes. They
expressed much satisfaction at the
work that had been done. Captain
Armstrong, of the quartermaster-gen
eral's office, returned last night from
Washington where he had gone to
hurry up the orders for ammunition
and ordnance stores. These latter will
be shipped to Trenton without delay.
Yesterday a lr.- «re number of army hats
and leggings and about 2000 rubber
blankets were received at the State ar
senal. Adjutant-General Stryker said
that no orders had yet been received
from Washington for the calling out of
the National Cuard or the militia, but
it was not denied that the preparations
were being made in the belief that such
a call might be made. There is talk of
a special session of the Legislature to
place a fund of $250,000 at the disposal
of the Governor for the better equip
ment of the National Guard in the
event of war.
NEGOTIATIONS FOR THE
CRUISER CARLO ALBERTO
In a Few Days It Will Be Known
Whether tne Italian Vessel May
Be Bought.
NEW YORK, March 27.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: It is
the expectation of administration offi
cials that the next few days will deter
mine whether or not the Italian |ar
mored cruiser Carlo Alberto is to riy
the American flag. Official information
was received by the authorities from
Rome to-day in regard to the action of
the Italian Chamber of Deputies in ap
proving the course adopted by the Min
ister of Marine in selling ships under
construction. The authorities under
stand from their information that Italy
will not sell ships actually in commis
sion, and if this refusal should be per
sisted in. then the authorities will un
doubtedly abandon their efforts to buy
Italian vessels.
It is admitted by the authorities that
active negotiations for the sale of the
Carlo Alberto are in progress, and it
will not be the fault of Commander
Richardson Clover, chief officer of the
Naval Intelligence Bureau, who is di
recting the: , if this Government fails
to procure her. One thing the authori
ties are absolutely certain of, and that
is if the United States does not acquire
the Italian cruiser Spain vill not do so.
It probably will be definitely deter
mined to-morrow or Tuesday whether
this Government will purchase the
steamer St. Paul for conversion into an
auxiliary cruiser. No action has as yet
been taken b<-' the authorities looking
to the conclusion of negotiations for
the purchase of this vessel.
GOMEZ SAYS SPAIN
CAN NEVER CONQUER
Her War in Cuba Has Resolved It
self Into One of Murder and
Kevengs.
Copyrighted. IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, via Key West, March 27.—
Recently a prominent American here,
a warm personal friend of General
Maximo Gomez, wrote to him, giving
him the full details and theories of
the Maine disaster and requested an
opinion. In his answer to this letter.
General Gomez made no direct refer
ence to the Maine affair. Here is his
letter:
SLAB VILLAS, March 9, IS9S.
Dear Sir and Friend: It is very agree
able for me to answer your favor of Feb
ruary 26, the contents of which amused
me and gave me great pleasure. Spain's
impotence to subdue this revolution either
by military force or political action is
well evidenced by developments that have
lately been taking place, and our deter
mination and purpose too well proclaimed
and proved that I should be required to
demonstrate them here, much less to a
person like your good self, who has
formed a complete judgment by your own
experience, of the respective situation of
both belligerent forces. At the stage that
things have reached every man of sense
understands that Spain's continuance of
this war is iniquitous and Inhumane and
even a menace to the peace of the world,
as a just and noble end is no longer pur
sued, but to kill and to destroy by a
sense of vengeance.
The great American republic Is destined,
by many causes, to intervene sooner or
later in some way in me termination of
the Cuban war, but her mediation may
only be fruitful of final peace. If through
it Cuba obtains her absolute independ
ence under this basis and by means of
indemnity of several millions, it Is pos
sible that our government would treat
for peace with Spain. This is the opinion
r<nd unanimous feeling among the Cuban
people, and particularly of its army of
liberation, which I have the honor to
command. With highest esteem, consid
eration and friendship, I am yours, com
mander-in-chief. M. GOMEZ.
SLIGHT DAMAGES TO
THE BATTLESHIP TEXAS
Struck on a Coral Reef While on
Duty in Her Station in South
ern Waters.
NEW YORK, March 27.— 0f all the
surmises made by reason of the sudden
trip to this port of the battle-ship
Texas none were correct. She struck
a coral reef while on her station in
Southern waters recently, and if this
was not the ab\ reason for her being
ordered to the Brooklyn Navy Yard, it
had much to do with the transfer.
The extent of the injury she suffered
will probably be known to-morrow,
when divers will make an examination
of her hull. It is likely that she will be
put in the drydock. The machinery of
her starboard turret is also out of gear
and will need extensive repairs.
That the Texas had struck the reef
was learned from two sources. A
workman who came over to this side
mentioned casually that he had heard
it from one of the seamen, and a petty
officer verified the statement when
pressed for an explanation of the
presence of the battle-ship here.
■"I can give you no further informa
tion," he said. '"It is a very small mat
ter, anyway, and I do not think the
accident caused the Texas to be sent to
the yard. Two or three matters need
attention. This may be one of them.
I understand that clivers will go down
to-morrow and examine her hull to see
whether it will be necessary to put her
in dock."
This officer said the Texas had merely
touched the reef in the neighborhood of
Dry Tortugas. The injury to the ves
sel's hull cannot be very serious or she
could not have made the trip north in
safety.
CALLS UPON CONGRESS
TO END BUTCH C RY.
Letter Sent by Chicago Typograph-
ical Union to Senator Mason
and Colleagues.
CHICAGO, March 27.— At the regu
lar meeting of Chicago Typographical
Union No. 16 held to-day, the follow
ing open letter was ordered telegraphed
to Washington:
W. E. Mason, Senator, and Colleagues,
"Washington: Chicago Typographical
Union No. 16 believes that the eloquent
appeals to the intelligence of the Ameri
can people by Senators Thurston, Proctor
and Gallinger in the United States Sen
ate on behaJf of the starving women and
children in Cuba, place the United States
in a position where their duty to ci%-iliza
tion and humanity is clear. This union,
therefore, calls upon the Chicago Con
gressmen and Senators of Illinois to in
sist upon the United States demanding
that the butchery, starvation and in
human policy pursued by Spain in Cuba
under the guise of so-called warfare shall
cease forthwith and in the name of hu
manity, which rises puperior to diplomacy
and precedent, to enforce such demand
immediately— peaceably if possible; by
force of arms if necessary.
GEORGE W. DAY. President.
CHARLES DEACON, Secretary.
SAYS THE EVIDENCE
FIXES RESPONSIBILITY.
Member of the Foregn Affairs Com
mittee Tells of a Find Near the
Maine.
NEW YORK, March 27.— The T.'ash
ington correspondent of the Press says:
"A member of the Foreign Affairs Com
mittee, who has read the testimony ta
ken by the Maine Court of Inquiry, pri
vately makes the sensational statement
that Spain's responsibility for the dis
aster to the battleship is circumstan
tially fixed. He says a piece of elec
tric cable wire, such as is used to ex
plode torpedoes, was found near the
wreck. It bore evidence of having been
broken by the explosion."
TWENTY-ONE SURGEONS
OFFER THEIR SERVICES.
NEW YORK, March 27.— At the sug
gestion of Dr. Boling Lee, senior phy
sician of the Fourth Medical Division
of Bellevue Hospital, twenty-one of
twenty-three physicians and su:
of that institution to-day signed vh. •.:•
names to a document in which tln«y
tender their services to the Gowtn
ment In case of war. Dr. Lee is a \ ■
ginian and a nephew of Consul-iVn
eral Lee. Three of the signers are but.
geons and the remainder physicians.
All are graduates and men of skill.
CASTORS A
For Infants and Children.
.• . • . • - ..- - . • - . j
_ . t
The f»s- rf
simile /Or -■ , » *> mmmm^^^ Iff ss
'. • ~ ~Y l ■ " ' ■ "-".-"■
THEIR AIM TO
AID MANKIND.
Additions to the Redwood
City Young Men's
Institute.
Twenty-Five Candidates Link
Their Fortunes With the
Order.
Grand Officers and Visiting Member*
Assist in the Initiation Cere
monies.
Special Dispatch to The Call
REDWOOD CITY, March 27.— A very
enthusiastic and notable meeting of St.
Matthew's Council of the Young Men's
Institute was held at San Mateo to
day. Among the twenty-five candidates
for initiation were some c-f the best
known citizens of the State, men who
have become impressed with the ear
nestness of this fraternity toward ele
vating the moral and intellectual stand
ing of the young men of the common
wealth. These citizens have resolved
to lend every aid toward the realiza
tion of this aspiration of the Young
Men's Institute.
Grand President Samuel Haskin?.
Grand Secretary George Stanley, Grand
Treasurer W. J. Aggeler of San Jose,
Grand Directors Hammond of Oak
land, Kugelberg of San Francisco and
Philip Princevalle of Redwood City.
Vice-President of the Lecture Bureau
H. C. Hall of Menlo Park and Messrs.
Ebner, Hay, Lynch and others of
neighboring communities assisted the
local officers in the initiatory ceremo
nies made so impressive by the number
and character of the candidates.
The following members were initiat
ed: Captain A. H. Payson. Judge R.
Y. Hayne, C. de Guigne. John Parrott.
Joseph Tobin, Harry Howard, A. B,
Ford of Burlingame Club, Senator
James D. Byrnes. Judge Mattlngly, M.
F. Brown, Peter Casey, Joseph Gainer,
W. Gainer, M. Keegan. J. Hughes, J.
Lemon, J. Wood, J. O'Neill. R. Done,
van, P. Flynn. Thomas Conway, H.
Henriouelle, Thomas Casey and T. Sul
livan.
The local council deserves great credit
for its zeal in the good cause. It is ex
cellently officered by William Brown,
George William Hall. Fred Sharon,
John Walker, B. Sheehan and other ac
tive young men of the community.
MANY SALMON CAUGHT.
Large Hauls Made by Fishermen at
Monterey.
MONTEREY, March 27.— Salmon are
having a phenomenally large and . enrlv
run in Monterey Bay, and are so close in
shore the fishermen are catching them
from the Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's wharf. Salmon weighing from
thirty tn forty pounds are being caught
by trolling. Many were shipped to San
Francisco and other markets to-day. Sar
dines are running well, large quantities
being taken daily.
Parnell's Mother Dead.
LONDON. March 27.— Mrs. Dcliah, Tii
dor Paxnell, daughter of the celebrated
naval officer. Rear Admiral Charles
Stewart, and mother of the late Charles
Stewart Parnoll, died to-nigrht at Avon
dale, County Wicklow, Ireland, ns the re
sult of the burns received yesterday from
the igniting of her clothing while she was
sitting before a fire.
Two Contests Arranged.
CHICAGO, March 21.-M. Houseman of
this city has signed Dan Creedon and
Billy Stift of Chicago for a six-round
contest at the Tattersall's on the nigW r
of April IS. The winner is 'to rei %
$17:", the loser $250. On the same night
Jack Everhardt will meet Frank Gar
rard of this city for six rounds. The win
ner to take $1250 and the loser ?- •'• ■.
Commander Heald Dead.
ANNAPOLIS, Md., March 27. —Com
mander Eugene D. Heald, United States
navy, in command of ships at the Naval
Academy, died suddenly at 3 p. m. of
Bright's disease. Commander Heald en
tered the service in 1863. Mrs. Heald and
her son, Eugene, were with him at tho
time of his death. He was out walking
with a party of friends at 1 o'clock.
truth:
The truth about yourself is something like
this: You have been indiscreet enough to .
waste your powers. You have abused some
of the privileges with which you were en-
dowed by nature, and now you area sufferer.
Spots have already appeared before your
eyes, and your nerves are all half shattered.
You do not sleep at night the number of
hours you should, and you wake up tired
and without a particle of energy. And you
know, although ashamed of the fact, that to-
day you are only half a man. Get on your
thinking cap. Do you want to be a weak
and puny creature always ? If you will but
call at the Hudson/an Institute, or write
there for free advice, you will again be
placed on your feet. Then a part of your ,±
life will be shown to be just like this table : *
Q O
Y< Spots floating before the eyes, §
3 Shattered nerves. §
5 Half a man. §
£t At the Institute. ' £$
!# t v Complete and grand recovery. <%
I 38388835383*300383383»
That great remedio-ireatment, "Hudyan,'
which can only be had from these world-
i famous specialists, will restore your vigor,
i it will make strength where there is puni-
ness now, and you will once again be a man,
and a man full of fire and youthful vigor. It
is, worth the trouble. Send for absolutely
free circulars and testimonials, which will
show you what has been done for others
: who were worse off than are you. If you
cannot call at the Institute you will be
j treated at home in an absolutely satisfac-
tory ay. Here than 15,000 men who have
'' never $ten this city have been made to feel
that lif» was again a powerful existence, to
say nothing of the crowds that have been
patients at the Institute. Surely you know
that /©* cannot go on forever as you are.
Rfl*/ fy» *•// you that "Hudyan" will quickly
emf permanently cure you is only the
TRUTH.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
ETOCKTON, MARKET AND EILIS ST3.,
San Francisco^ •COURSING AT THE TWO PARKS.
INGLESIDE.
***». One of the largest crowds of the season j
gather* I• at .he Ingleslde coursing I
grounds yesterlay to witness as fine
coursing as hss been presented to the
public for maty a day. The hares were
unusually, strcng and many of them es
caped. The h-funds were also strong and
in fin. fettle. As in the run down the
ties suited in many throw downs for
the form players and the ; short enders '
went away Happy. In the all-age stake
between TUlermore and White Lily
money was as good as 6 to 1, and fre
quently favorites at 2 to 1 went down be- I
fore the neglected hound. Five pool boxes |
took in ail the money they could handle '
during bot'i the morning and afternoon,
and it was plainly seen that those on the
ground were heavy betters. Moondyne !
as v.as expected, ran strong and downed :
first one competitor after another, selling I
favorite en each and every course
The sensation of the day. however, came I
rather unexpectedly. Just following one i
of the nteresting courses Jim Cheslev i
walked nto the Held followed by his prize
winner cocker spaniel Black Bart? and !
££»? cc £ eslev . was not watching closely i
what vas going on a hare was slipped '
h£nPh £h» nt the spaniel and hare fn a j
W«f «? £ re was a fleet one and the
work of the dog was clever even when i
compared with me of the best hounds
In th kennels Along they went with the
iudrrt, field stewards, flagman and Ches
ley ! i the rear. A turn a twist and R^rt
had the hare by the tall But it was for
br,w m Th and the fur fl ™ & !
fl off lt,V r.L ce o SPaniel WaS then hefld
ed off, the red flag was raised and the :
w •lin a to V f «V bU H t not before Chesley was j
a v hnr* in titi th ,at his pet could outrun
a..y hare In the inclosure. He has many
?ade We^ve n h^% be^ f - Here is how U&
juage gave his decisions:
In the Sapling stake Carney & Relllv's Fair
RaTh e bon ce b W J w Q " ane " S ****& J^ Sheft
C Gl^^n^ S\ G^ssen's Ptronius. W.
her'aSiM can btat Lynch & Me
gu r an e^Tl,a d M steve^ On<3on<S Sand ° W beat J "
Xlt ce e UU beb ce ce S a - D a OD^0 D^ beat Fair Fiorence -
Final— Rathbone beat Daley Dean,
bent rifnnin stake Larke >' & Rock's Myrtle
rarn^nM r,™' Senorita, Deckelman & Pa-
M '■ Old • Glory beat G. Smarts Silkwood.
TvSJ 8 , Tod Sloan beat D. Kaher'B Bel!
™n*T;/l Dean- Moondyne beat Deckel
w? £ " a s a os Decora t°r, J. Shea's Flrenza
beat Kay & Train's Sylvia, R. L. Lee's Cora
n^nlh^K* Tram's Carmody. J. Marn&ne's
Flashlight beat James Byrnes Mohawk. D.
FoMn« S T^°° Lawn beat Ka & Tranfs
xVi »? f/i,. D - Leonard's Bendalong beat M.
Mlchallka i Fireball. T. Gibbons Tullermore
beat J. McCormlck'B \Vhite Lily.
Second ties-Old Glory beat Myrtle. Moon
aj-ne beat Tod Sloan. Coralie beat Flrenza.
Koo Lawn beat Flashlight, Bendalong beat
uiiennore.
Third ties— Moondyne beat Old Glory, Cora
lie beat Koo Lawn, Bendalong a bye.
Fourth Moondyne beat Bendalong, Cora
lie a bye.
Final— Moondyne beat Coralie.
k In the Consolation stake T. Cronln's Magnet
beat M. Giynn's Neil, Lynch & Mailer's Da
kota beat W. Dal ton 1 a Lady Napoleon. J.
Murnane'R Valley Maid beat J. McCormlck's
Black Prince. Deckelman & Panario's Glen
Roy beat James Byrne's Nelly B. Lynch &
Maher"s Mystic Maid beat G. Pinto's Hercules.
T. Cronin Johnny R beat Lynch & Mailer's
Lurllne.
First Maenet beat Dakota, Glen Roy
beat \ alley Maid. Johnny R beat Mystic Maid
Second ties— Roy beat Magnet, Johnny
i\ a bye.
Final— Glen Roy beat Johnny R.
THOUGHT IT WASN'T LOADED.
Percy Cotton Arrested on a Charge
of Assault to Murder.
Percy Cotton, a young man, was booked
at the City Prison yesterday afternoon on
a charge of assault to murder, but as the
wounded man refuses to prosecute, the
chances are that the case against him
will be dismissed.
From a statement made to the police it
seems that Cotton was visiting August
Vignaut at his room. 515 Connecticut
street, in the Potrero, and they began to
talk about revolvers. Vignaut said that
he couid take a revolver from Cotton be
fore he could fire it off. Cotton pulled
a revolver from his pocket, not knowing,
as he alleged, that it was loaded, and as
VisnAut mn.ie a dash for him he pulled
the trigger and a bullet struck Vignaut on
the chin, nearly tearing his jaw off and
making Its exit in the back of his neck.
Drs. De Witt and Simpson were sum
moned and attended to the wounded man.
Cotton was arrested by Policeman Cassin
and sent to Captain SpiUane. who de
cided that it was better for a Judge to
pass upon the case and ordered Cotton to
be locked up on a charge of assault to
murder. Drs. De Witt and Simpson sent
ft certificate to the effect that the wound
an ugly one, but not likely to prove
fatal.
It beins; the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, suc
cessor to' Morris & Kennedy, art dealers, 21
Post street, to retire from business, ho offers
his large stock Irrespective of cost. •
One of the stations of the railway which
is to be built from the Red Sea to the
top of Mount Sinai will be on the spot
where it is snpposed Moses stood when
he received the two tables of the law.
HE MAY PROVE A COMER
A Utah Boy Who Is Anxious to Meet Any
and All Aspirants in His Class.
GEORGE BAKER, the New Aspirant for Bantam-Weight Honors.
George Baker, the new aspirant for the honors of the bantam-weight class, is
a native of Utah having been born in Salt Lake City just twenty years ago.
He began lifp as a printer, sen-ing his apprenticeship upon the Denver Times,
but he aspired to the fame of the prize-ring, so three years ago he began to fight.
Since that time he has not met with a single defeat, although he has gone
against some very clever men, both in and out of his class. His most recent
victory was the one that he gained Saturday night over Farmer O'Brien before
the Beacon Athletic Club of Berkeley. In this fight he was heavily outweighted.
Bakor is tall and of a slender build, but he is wiry and possesses good wind
and staying qualities. He is cool and never loses his head, no matter how se
verely he may get punished. He wears a continual smile, and uses a vicious left
hand jab that may win him fame and fortune 6ome day. He is now in the pink
of condition and tips the beam at 120 pounds. Among the fighters that have met
defeat at his hands are Kid Brooks, Johnnie Purcell, Spider Doyle, Mick Earl, ]
Jim Welsh, Jack Livingston and Curley McHale. J
UNION PARK.
For Freedom, the plucky English hound,
again demonstrated his ability to go the
pace that kills and yet land a winner.
In the presence of 6000 people yesterday
at Union Coursing Park, in the open
stake for all-aged hounds. For Freedom,
by perseverance, grit, speed and indomit
able courage, a second time won the final
course and first, money. He defeated Pre
tender, False Flatterer, Flying Buck,
Mountain Beauty and Lissak. Several of
these courses were long and tiresome,
and in them For Freedom' showed his
grit.
In the course with Flying Buck, in the |
third ties, the English dog was given a
strong argument, and two courses were j
run before it was decided. In the final i
he gave a great exhibition of stamina. !
Lissak showed better from the slip, but I
the hare was a strong one and the course i
long, and the American dog, while hay- j
ing much the best of it at the start, I
could not hold the pace, besides being out- I
general ed by For Freedom. Tne latter i
was a hot favorite, and was played by the
talent at prohibitive odds. In the finals '■
he opened at 7 to 10 and closed at 2 to 5.
The veteran stake was easily won by
Electric. In the final between Electric j
and Waratah, Judge Bull announced the
former as the winner, but the flag stew
ard misunderstood his order and raised j
the red flag. The pools paid off many
white tickets before the judge discovered '
that the wrong flag was up, and ordered ■
it down. Some plungers tore up red ,
tickets, and for a time there was much !
protesting and no little excitement.
The day's sport produced a number of
beautiful courses, but occasionally a bad
hare was loosed. Dr. Van Hummel sold
seven dogs from his kennels at a total
of $595. the hiphfst price being paid for
any one hound being $100. It was after 7 ;
o'< lock before the ouursing was over.
The following is the way that the hounds ■
.•an:
Open stake for all-age hounds, total purse
J79O— First ties: Move On beat Lady Grace.
Bonita beat Grasshopper, Mountain Beauty
beat Kilkenny Girl, Promise Me beat Forget,
For Freedom beat Pretender. Blackstone beat
The Turk. Flying Buck beat Rusty Gold. Com
modore beat Vigilant, Santa Alicia beat IVm
Bull, Lissak beat Rocklin Belle, Flyaway beat
Jester a bye and Cavalier beat Fear Not.
Second ties— Move On beat Bonita, Mountain
Beauty beat Promise Me, For Freedom beat
False Flatterer. Flying Buck beat Blackstone.
Saxita Alicia beat Commodore, Lissak beat
Fly Away and Cavalier beet Vigilant a bye.
Third ties— Move On beat Mountain Beauty,
For Freedom beat Flying Buck, Cavalier beat
Santa Alicia and Liesak beat Speed a bye.
Fourth ties — For Freedom beat Mountain
Beauty and LUsak beat Cavalier.
Final— For Freedom beat Lissak.
Veteran stake, ace limit live years, prizes
$60. »30 and $15— First ties: Vida Shaw beat
Skyrocket, Valley Queen beat Belmont, Elec
tric beat Magpie, Waratah beat Daisy.
Second ties— Electric beat Vida Shaw, Wara
tah beat Valley Queen.
Final— Electric beat Waratah.
A NEW CHURCH
FOR CATHOLICS
Italians Lay the Cornerstone of
Their New Edifice at
Ocean View.
Father Prendergast Conducts the
Ceremony and Delivers
an Address.
The ceremony of laying the corner
stone of the Corpus Christ! Church, the
new house of tyorship for the Italian
Catholics in the Ocean View District, was
solemnly performed yesterday afternoon
by the Rev. Father Prendergast, V. G.,
of the cathedral.
The stone was laid in the southwest cor
ner of the foundation and consisted of a
solid block of marble eighteen Inches long
by twelve wide. On the front surface was
the inscription of the present year carved
in Roman numerals. Hollowed out of the
center was an oblong receptacle in which
was placed a zinc box, which was after
ward hermetically sealed.
The box contained a medal bearing
the image of Pope Leo XIII, a medal
consecrated to the Madonna, and an
American coin of the present year's mint
age. In addition to the medals, carefully
wrapped in a piece of parchment, was the
portrait of Don Bosco, the founder of the
Salesian Community.
On the under Fide of the cover of the
receptacle was the date of the present
year inscribed in Arabic numerals.
After the consecration of the stone and
its contents it was lowered into position
in the foundation of the building and
carefully mortared and secured against
displacement. During the ceremony of
laying the stone the Italian band, hired
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1893.
EVOLUTION OF AN OAKLAND CHURCH.
From the Very Smallest Beginning It Becomes a Great
PoWer.
Plans for the complete renovation of the
Interior of the First Methodist Episcopal
Church of Oakland that will make the pa
rent church of the denomination one of
the most beautiful in Alameda County
as well as one of the largest. The foun
dations of the church have been com
pletely rebuilt and a new roof placed over
it. as well as some other minor altera
tions which will add to the appointments.
It is also contemplated to effect changes
In tho exterior and front which will widen
the doors and permit freer egress. The
for the occasion, rendered a number or
American and Italian patriotic airs.
The Rev. Father Sardi of St. Ignatius
Church delivered an address in Italian,
the purport of which was the request that
the Italian Catholics of the district would
manifest a pride in their new church and
contribute liberally toward assisting the
new priests In their work of ridding the
edifice of whatever debt will bo con
tracted in its erection.
Fully 3000 people, mostly Italians, par
ticipated in the ceremony yesterday after
noon and the inhabitants of the district
for miles around flocked to the vicinity
to get a glimpse of the interesting stone
and its curious contents.
Fathers Cassius, Oreni and Redahao
will be stationed at the new church. It
has been rumored that when the new
church and the parochial residence are
completed a convent will be erected in
the rear of the former.
The church, which has been in process
of construction for the past month, will
be hurried to completion so as to allow
the celebration of mass for the first time
next Sunday morning. The framework is
now entirely completed and during the
coming week it is expected that the roof
and sides will be completely shingled.
Easter Sunday morning the dedication
ceremony will be held.
YOUNG THIEVES IN JAIL.
Chief Jailer Sattler Has an Unwel-
come Quartet in the Broad
way Bastile.
Chief Jailer Sattler has four young
criminals in the County Jail that he
would very much prefer to pet rid of, not
that the Chief Jailer is opposed to ac
commodate the criminal class with bed
and board, but in this case the inmates
are all under the age of 1G years. Two
of the boys are in prison for stealing a
few bottles of soda water from an oj»ter
saloon on Third street. Their names are:
E. Kirby, alias Yerby, aged 13, and Emil
Holloway, aged 14. These two lads, with
another boy named Sam Ridge, while go
ing for their morning papers on the 6th
lnst. saw the oyster saloon open and they
went in and helped themselves to the
soda water. Unfortunately for them a
vigilant police officer saw them and
placed them under arrest upon the
charge of burglary. On this they were
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Campbell. The other two are a
few years older, and are charged with a
graver offense. Orazzlo " Salvinl was
caught while trying to clean out a store
in which there was an assortment of
pickled olives. He Is aged 10. but small
for his years. The other boy is John
Dagnio, and is aged 15. He is charged
with highway robbery in having garroted
a German boy whom he met on the street
and relieved him of a witch and chain.
Each of the boys is willing to plead
guilty in anxiety to get away from the
County Jail.
Columbia School Closed.
Out of respect to the memory of Miss
Donnelly, a teacher of the Columbia
Grammar School who died on Saturday,
the Board of Education has directed the
school to be clo=ed to-day. The funeral
will take place to-day.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6,000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISOKDEES
Bueh as Wind and Pain in tho Stomach.
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache, Dizziness. Drowsiness, Flushings
of Hent, Loss of Appetito. Costivenoss.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTEB. Every sufferer
will acknowledge* them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHA!N'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
•r any Patent Medicine in the World.
250. at all Dru* Stores.
stairways of the vestibule are also to be
changed, adding infinitely to the ease in
managing the crowds always to be found
at this popular house of worship. The
changes in the interior have been left to
the last and will not be commenced until
after Easter. They contemplate a thor
ough chanare in the galleries, both in.
seating and general arrangement. A
handsome ornamental balustrade will re
piace the present one and a much more
ornamental arrangement of the choir gal
lery and organ chamber, both in appear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OO 00000000000000000000000000000000000
I VARICOCELE |
% c*v Will Make an Old Man of You. o
o /MffTrC It Destroys Physical Energy, o
! o f\*Y~- % Takes the Snap Out of a Man, o
o yM Iv Robs Him of Ambition ' o
o IY'y^- Makes Him Weak and Nervous. 2
o'y « o
o 1 ■ o
I _ |\ v NotMng hurts a man's vitality more than Vari- q
q / ?\- cocele. It drains the mental vigor as well as phys- q
_ I/1 Vl leal f° rce > an( i * ie man who has It is only half the q
i* / I \ • man he ought to be. Nothing cures it to quickly -~
O A/ IV ,-* '■'■ as Ur - Sanden's Electric Belt, which ir now ar- -T?
O II L\ f*& ranged especially for this trouble. Its work is done **
O i2>JL^\'y' quickly, the v^-st cases yielding in one or two V
O \/ months. . €>
_ ■■ O
" PR A T YANDEX- Sir: lam more than pleased with the results of ri
O using your No 6 Belt. I now feel safe In saying that lam permanently cured of
the dlstresslnK Weakness and Varicocele from which I suffered. I wore the Belt four O
O months continually every night. Now I put .it on but occasionally. I will say that ft
« It did for me what all the drugs in the country failed In. I will recommend It to °
O everybody Troubled as I was. Yours truly, FRANK MILLS. San Miguel, Cal. Q
Q October 16, 1897. q
° Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Will Cure You. o
When a remedy has the indorsement of people In alt sections of the State it must O
O be worth trying. If you are not well, if your nerves are not strong, or you have any a
rt sickness. It will cure you. Try It. Book, . with full Instructions and prices, sent *»
" sealed, without marks, free on application. ©
o SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., »— . nn PFWApn * 2
O 632 Market Street, San Francisco. w * 5000 REWARD • «
O NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— Will be paid for one of V
X G32 market STREET. these Belts which fails O
O Ofiice hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 . ....„,„ „ ourT nt of <•*
« to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 204^ to generate a current or ©
v South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington Electricity. .f\
O street: Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; M v *■*
q Dallas, Tex., 255 Main street. "*■ * O
ocooooooooooooooooo 000 00000 000 o 00000
"WINDY AND DISAGREEABLE." , .
When a man blows wind off his stomach, that is flatulence.
Sometimes people call it. gulping Wind. No matter what you call it,
the disease, for it is a disease, is an annoying one to you and disgust-
ing to your friends. I once heard a politician speak of a rival, whom
he did not admire, as a flatulent old fool. • Flatulent means windy. .
Usually we mean by it wind collected in the stomach. Wind in the
intestines may also be just as. properly designated flatulence. It is
always caused by indigestion. A physician, who practices in a town
' near Albany, New York, reports the case of an old gentleman who
. had been so annoyed by a persistent condition of flatulence that he
had consulted all the doctors in the rtcinity without securing any*
benefit. "Finally he came to me and I prescribed several remedies, ■
which failed utterly. I then prescribed Ripens Taboles, which he re- s
ported gave him immediate relief, and he is now nearly cured. I think :
it would be an excellent thing to make a strong feature of "flatulence -V
in all the R-I-P-A-N'S advertisements, for I find them excellent in ;.
almost every case of that sort."
anceand convenience, will result. Two im
mense chandeliers, with 50 lights each,
will hang from the center of the roof. In
creasing greatly the brightness of the au
ditorium. The organ is also to be in
creased by several new stops and made
adequate in power. A thorough repaint
ing of the interior will be done, and hand
some furnishings for the pulpit will com
plete the changes.
The renovation will cost a large sum of
money, which has been subscribed. $900)
was given on one Sunday after an appeal
by the pastor, Dr. Dille.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'■ DRY GOODS COmPANY.
| GRAND OPENING
1 OF 1
SPRING SILKS
HIGH-GRADE PARIS NOVELTIES, in Plaids, Bayadere and
|j Striped Taffeta Effects.
:•■ Superb White Silks, Satins and Brocades.
5 EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS IN FOULARDS.
I AT 9/.50 f*ER YARD— SO pieces FRENCH SILK POP-
S LINS, all the latest shades.
| 100 pieces HEAVY TWILLED WASH SILKS.
: blaokTsilks.
1 Our stock is complete in every detail, showing novelties in
2 Duchesse, Brocades, Stripes Moire Velour, Peau de Soie, Taffetas,
§ Poplins, Crepes and Fancy Weaves.
• SPECIAL.
fi TAFFETA LINING SlLKS— Manufactured expressly for the City
•) of Paris Dry Goods Company, at 75c and 85c per yard.
§ 500 pieces in Stripes, Plaid, Changeable and Plain Shades,
5 at $1.00 per yard.
| 50 pieces 28-inch wide Black and High-Colored Taffeta Silks.
| DRESS-MAKING AND TAILOR-MADE SUITS A SPECIALTY.
; VISIT OUR NEW AND ELEGANT MILLINERY DEPARTMENT.
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
j SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
| UNION SQUARE.
LEAS & McVITTY,
PHILADELPHIA, PA.,
Tanners and Cutters of Texas Oak Sole
crkf ,_ WORLD'S FAIR AWARDS.
«FBVirFIRiP ) Philadelphia 1876.
SOLES Chicago 1893.
If the sole leather you are using Is not perfectly satisfactory, give our
stock a trial. It is the best. Sold by all leading dealers.
railboad tbavbl.
WCTHKBir !■%« IH« i'OJIPAJTT,
(PACirlO SYSTEM.)
TrMlnt leave nml nre due to »rrl»« ■■
NAN FBANIiRt'O.
*• (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) *■-
lkatb — From Januabt 1, 1898. — A»Rmi
"•6:00a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... •8743 a
7:00 a lienicia, Suisun and Sacramento 10:4 ,
7:OOa Marygville, OrovUlc and Bedding rla
Woodland 8:43r ,
7:00 a Vacaville and Runxsey 8:43»
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo, Naps,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa *« » 5 r
S'OOa Atlantic Krpress, Ogilen and Kast.. 8:45?
, »iiiiiA Miles, Ban Jose. Stockton. lone,
Sacramento. Marys?illo, Chico,
■. , Tohama and Red llluflf 4tlfJr :
•8:8Oa Peters, Milton and Oakdale »7ilsp j
■iOOa New Orleans Kxiiresa. Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, Bakerslisltl, Santa
Barbara, T-ob Angeles, Deming, ' ■
£1 l'aso, New Orleans and. East. Map
0:00 a Vallejo, Martinez. : Merced and
. Fresno. 18:15f
. •1:OOp Sacrameuto Steamers Mi:OOp
1 :OOp NUes, San Joso and Way Stations. . J9: l 3a
' lt3Op Martinet and Way SUtions 7.-»3p
' S:O0p liivennore, Mendota. ~ lianford and
. . Visalia ■*««»3
....... LiTennore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations........ ..;...;.. Jlotl*4
4:(Hlr Murtluez, Sau Kami, ii, Vnllejo.
Nairn, Calistoga,'' 1.1 Vermio and
Santa Rosa... »tI»A
4i«*p Benicla, VacaTiUe. Woodland, P
''- Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro- '
v Tille anil Sacramento......: !•»«■*
4itOr Nile 3, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ils*
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Morced, Berenda,
Fresno, MojaTe (for Ramlsburg),
Santa Barbara and Lob Angeles.. 7i4Oa
4:* op Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave ami Kant 6t4Bp
t3:3op " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, SI
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East § 1 •: 1
«Ts:3up "Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East |10:I5a
6tOOp K.-.iropeaii Mall, Ogilen and Kast.... »:43a
' 6:OOr liaynnnU. Niles and Han J05e...... 7:43 a
}»*: OOi- Vallejo t7t43p
feiOO.o Oregon Kx|>rem,Bncraineuto, Mnryg.
vilie, Beildfog, Portland, I'llget
Hound Vml .... »»13a !
' SAN LEAM»U<) AMI lI A V WARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
<*6:dOA V ■ J ' ' ( 7-»2*
8:OOa Melrose, Seminary Park, 'tS'lst
lo'ooa . FHcliburjp; Elmhamt, JiUs*
ill :OOa Sa> Lean dro, South Saa. 1 ?'15 >r
tia.oOM Le,ndro, Est.dillo, {iiir.l
is":Viop Lores k>, Cherry > *l i5 I>
. 4iUop - - «5:45p
S:OOr ■ II " •; «:13p
5:30p Haynards. I i s4 5.'5 .'
7:I»OP . , .» Bf43p
g-»«P J-Rnsi through to Niles. T iSlto,
m?X&j """*»»■ m£™r
COAST lIIVIMON (Narrow Gauge). '•
(Foot of Market Street.)
Soli) a Newark, Oentei-villw.Naii.lose.Felton,"'
BonlderCreek.SautaG'ruzand Way
Stations ■ ■!■••>
•lillr Newark, Centervllle. San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Bonlder Creek, . I
- Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations ...:................ ••••••a
«:I!»r Newark, Ran Jose and Los dates ... 0:80*
flli43p Hunters' Excursion. San Jose and
■ Way Stations I7t«Or
■■[. CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr»m SIN FRISCISCO— Foot of Htrktt Street (Slip 8)—
•7.15 9:00 11:00 a.m. }l:00 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 tB:0O •6:00 p.m. .'
■run OAXUKD— Foot orßr«adw»T.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 : *l:00 t3:00 • *3:00 : t4:00 1. «3:OQf.M.
TT, COAST DIVISION (Broad Uauge). '
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
«»35a Ban Jose ami Way Stations (New .
. Almaden Wednesdays only) ■ •i»sa
•rOwA Han Jose, Tres I'lnos, Snnta Cruz,
Pacillc Grove, l'aso Rubles, San
Luis Ol.ispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4il»r
I9i4«a Sau .logs and Way Stations.... »BiOOa
Sl:3Oa San Jose mid Way Stations »:33a
•a::»Oi> San Mat»-(., Redwood, Meiiio Park,
Santa Clara, Han .lose, Gilroy,
HoUißter, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific Gr0ve...... »lOi4OA
•»:15p San Jose and Principal Way Stations »9:OOa
- •4:15r San Joseautl Principal Way Station* »:45a
•5 tOO San Jose and Principal Way Station* l::JOr
• S:8Op San .lose and Principal Wey Stations 5:30r j
6:.'10r San Jose and Way Stations 7:20p
j11:45p San JoseandWay Stations 7:20p
- A for Morning. ' P for Afternoon. •
• excepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
. Jj Monday, Thursday and Saturday nighU ouly.
5 Mondays Thursday and Saturday night* oolf.
Mondays and Thursdays.
_I Wednesdays and Saturdays. ' _ 
I
l&zzm&mnaml} CALIFORNIA i
!^^M^!' ' LIMITED.
Wii FRANCISCO
111 1 ■ 1 iiiiiiiinajiiia tj CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at' 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers. ■'.
Z'A days to Chicago, - 4Vi days to. New .York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman'
' Palace I and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car* ■on
fast time.. Direct connect' jn In Chicago and
Kansas City for- all Eastern points.- : .->,\><
p Trains arrive and depart from .Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. ; Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. San ,' Jose, 7 West.
Santa Clara street. ._:. ..,., , - -
■ ■ RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. •
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 11:21.
• :SO, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trip* at IM
and 11:30 p. m. ■ v .•;■••.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. »:». 11:00 a. M.i 1:M. »:«.
• :00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.l
13:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:25 p. m. • :. ■
SUNDAYS— 8:40. U:10 a. m.: 1:40, I:4*.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchuet*en Park
tame schedule as above. -
Leave ln pffe -. Arrive
San Francisco. oct 21.' pan Francl9 «o-
■^ — --— ■ " Sun- rustication Sun- I ¥<*>*
Week I Sun- np«,t;nation pun " Wee's
Days. I daya. Destination day&_ | daya
7:30 a.m. IS. ooa.m. 'NovatO. 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petal'ima. [ 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
:10pm. !5:00p.m. Santa Rosa. i 7:35 p.m. ! C :33p.m.
Fulton,
;Soa.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbar?,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
7:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdalei 7:85 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
I ) Hopland and I
7:aoa.m.|BOoa.m.| Uk.iah. | 7:85 p.m. g:a3p.rn.
1 :80a.m. 1 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Guerneville. 7:35 p.m.
:30p.m. 6:22 p.m.
1 :30a.m.) 8 :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
ana
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen EUen. 6:10 p.m. <1:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. 18 :00 a.m. 1 gebaatcnoL I 10:I 10 : *° a - m - 110 :25 a.m.
3:30p.m.|5:0Up.m.| geoaatcpol. I 7 :35p.m. | ■ > .m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprlngs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, LJerley's, Buck-
Hell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Boonvilla.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond Sao Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flees— CEO Market street. Chronlela
building.
A. W7 FOSTER. X. RYAN.
: Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A**.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897. trains will run as
follows: '
Southbound. | Northbound. ■
Paesen- Mixed <,,.„„„ Mixed ■ Passen-
ger Sunday Stations. [ Sunday | gee
Daily. Exc'p'td ■ Exc'p'td! Dailx-
730 a.m. 9:00 a. m. Stockton 8:45 p.m. ' 6:40 p.m.
8: 10 a.m. 12:50 p.m." Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno >:30a.m. 2:30 p. m
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. Harvforil .:45a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. ■' 6:45 p.m. Vlsalla 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p. m
Stopping at Intermediate points when requirel
" Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ot
C. N. & I. Co.. ■ leaving San Francisco : and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings. Coultervllle. etc.;
also with stage for Hornltos. Mariposa, eta.:
at Lankerahlxn wltb stage to and from Madera.
• ■■■ ' .• ":',.•■
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San • Francisco. Commencing September
. .;.; 1.0, 1897.
WEEK DAT 3.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9:8%
11:30 a. m.;.* 1:43. 3:4«, *5:15, «:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra • trips for San Rafael on ! Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ■
SUNDAYS. ■
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— . »10.» X
•11:30 a. m. ; M:l5. 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
- Trains marked • run to San Quentin. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
f '26 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. .m.
' Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
•-.;.-: ' ■■■■■: (Via Sausalito Ferry). ' . ",'
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13, 1897:
Week Days— a.. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00,. 11:30. a. m.. ; 1:15 p. m.'
- Round trip from Mill Valley, H.
THOU. COOK & SON, Agents. «31 Mark*
street. San Francisco. ' '.'■_:, 
tTl,it DR. JORDAN'S Great
jflisß Museum of Anatomy
r§EK|l 1051 SOSIIT ST. bit. Bti & 7th. S. t. CiL*?
• The L»rg«»t of lv kind la On World.
t^»l\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Lu^Hl sV ■■ - Ooo«olt»;iou free. Write for Book
v\ I Philosophy of Marriage.
H«ILKD rWCC. '..I''
\ :•-■■■•■ _. -•■.-■ - . ;--. ; . . '.
' &^Bfi^to»£ffiM S ' X "Is a non-pofsonot*i
A^^K&^ mm^t^S remedy for Gonorrbcea,
ifl^^rCOltEk^H Gleet, Spermatorrhoea
gjEßFi* 1 to 5 dars.^B Whitos. unnatural d!.-
Bmom Guarantied V charges, or any influmnja-
««fcj not to luictore. . tion, irritation or ulrera-
F> contagion. tion of mucoui mem-
■ TH EEyAHBCK£MiC>ICo. braiJo «- Non-astringent.
CINCIWSATI.O BH Sold by Drufirerlsta,
«l^^. v. a a jSh or seat In plain wrapper,
<^B^L^aW_^^aiSH tiy e^Presa. prepaid, for
* V *^BHHfi^» H 1 . 00 -- 3 bottles, f£.7&.
'^•^^P'V' Iw Circular »»ut on request.
';•■■ ':£*'■■■;;■: ::,■■:■''■■.■ -~, : -- ■: ■• . . ■.--•••
56
MONDAY MARCH 28, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In thl» city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montrj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Budding
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rift&s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock,. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-Second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Gay Deceiver."
Columbia— "A Naval Cadet"
Alcazar— '"The Mummy- '
Morosco's — ••Ten Nights In a Barroom."
Tlvoli— "The Widow O'Brien."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Calif ornl»Theater— Lecture by V. Marlon Crawford, Monday
ni*ht.
The Chutes— The Zoo, Vaudeville and Lion Hunt.
Oiympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Ingieside Track— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By M. German-Tuesday. March 2», Hardware, at 1011 Broad-
way, Oakland, at 11 o clock.
By G. H. Unibsen— Monday, April 4, Real Estate, at U Mont-
gomery *m'«-t. ai li o'clock.
OUR COMMERCIAL STATUS.
THE feeling in trade was again unsettled last
week, owing purely to the war scare. As usual,
Wall street was feverish and irregular, and
stucks responded on the moment to both favorable
and unfavorable rumors from Washington, showing
extreme sensitiveness of securities to current condi
tions. Press reports state that the public is entirely
out of the market and the larger holders are also
taking comparatively little interest, though foreigners
are sellers to some extent. Industrial operations,
however, have not been perceptibly affected, and mer
chandising is going on as usual. There is no strin
gency in the money market. The bank clearings of
the country are 22 per cent larger than last year, and
the failures 30 per cent smaller, hence, as ono author
ity tersely puts it, "it is difficult to take dismal
views when the nation is surpassing all previous
commercial records." The inflow of gold from
Europe now amounts to over $34,000,000 since the
movement began, and the end is apparently not yet.
The exports of wheat from the Atlantic Coast last
week were 2,160.000 bushels, against 1,272,000 for the
same week last year, and the most flattering reports
regarding the distributive trade are being received
from the West and Northwest. The only two staples
which are really dull are wool and cotton, while to
offset this we have an iron trade which is simply
booming. The activity in this line is unprecedented,
the mills all over the country being rushed with
orders. At Chicasro, for instance, an enormous de
mand for new cars and farming tools and implements
is reported, with a structural demand exceeding that
of any previous year by 80 per cent. There is, how
ever, an unfavorable feature to all this, inasmuch as
decreases in prices are more numerous than for some
time past, though they are chiefly in articles of specu
lation rather than those of regular consumptive trade.
The local markets are almost devoid of feature.
General trade is good, as shown by the bank clear
ings of San Francisco, which were 30 per cent larger
last week than for the same week last year. The close
of the week was distinguished by an advance in
wheat and barley, the former rising in sympathy
with higher Eastern and foreign markets, and the
latter owing to the dry weather. There was a fine
shower on Friday in the Salinas and San Joaquin
valleys, but it was less than an inch, hence it was
hard!\ r enough, but was infinitely better than noth
ing and made the farmers feel brighter. The most
unfavorable feature at the moment is the widespread
damage to several kinds of fruit, notably apricots
and peaches, by the long-continued cold weather. It
is now conceded that the apricot crop of the State will
be practically nil this year, and the peach crop will
be too light for the usual large output of canned and
dried fruit. Prunes have not suffered as much as
the others up to the present writing, and the pears,
apples and grapes remain untouched as yet. The hay
crop looks poorly, and buyers are already in the field
bidding $15 for new oat hay, which is about 100 per
cent better than the usual opening price of this de
scription. The farmers are generally refusing to sell
at this figure, but it is all guesswork on both sides.
It is admitted by all, however, that this important
staple will open far above its usual figure.
The question of feed has become a serious, one.
It has caused the shifting of cattle from one point to
another, has led to the withdrawal of all extra horses
from ordinary business and has sent in larger supplies
of hogs to this market for sale, besides affecting
butchers' prices more or less. In fact it is cutting in
many directions.
In spite of all these drawbacks, however, the con
dition of trade is better than at this time last year.
The increase in the volume of business is well illus
trated by the overland shipments of produce and
merchandise from California during February, which
were 41,659 tons, against 17,582 tons in February,
iS97.
Twice has ex-District Attorney Page been found
guilty of the meanest type of embezzlement and twice
have the courts granted him a new trial on a foolish
technicality which has no possible bearing upon the
merits of the case. It is a thing like this which tends
to rob the courts of the respect people would be glad
to feel for them if they were permitted to do so. It
h claimed that no demand had been made upon Page
for a return of the stolen money, and so far as actual
words are concerned this may be true. Yet the cir
cumstance of arrest on the charge of stealing might
be construed into a strong insinuation that the return
of the loot was considered desirable. If Page has the
money concealed about his person and yearns to make
restitution he should not let a diffidence due to the
fact that he had not been asked for it stand in the
way of handing it over. The law was not made for
the benefit of rogues, and when the courts permit it
to be twisted about so that such seems to be its pur
pose they are not doing their duty, and no defensive
technicality can be projected into the situation,
either.
THE PRESIDENT'S PROGRAMME.
ACCORDING to reports from Washington it
is the intention of the President to send to
Congress this morning the findings of th«*
Naval Board of Inquiry concerning the cause of the
destruction of the Maine, with the information that
he has acquainted the Spanish Government with the
results of the inquiry. He will follow this to-morrow
or Wednesday with a message on the condition of the
non-combatants in Cuba and will ask of Congress
an appropriation for their immediate relief.
As the President will so soon speak for himself, it
is useless at this time to attempt to forecast what he
will say. The programme as outlined promises a
policy that will meet the approval of the country. It
is evidently the intention of the President to take on
the issue a position that will have not only the sup
port of all loyal Americans, but of the civilized world.
The question of indemnity for the destruction of the
Maine is not to be permitted to overshadow the even
greater question from the standpoint of humanity, of
relief for the starving and destitute people of Cuba
who are suffering from the intolerable wrongs in
flicted by despotic government and barbarous war
fare.
Congress and the country have shown abundant
confidence in the President. A sum of $50,000,000 has
been voted for him to employ at his discretion in
providing for national defense, no effort has been
made to force his hand, nothing has been said or
done in either house to embarrass him, the most
intense partisans have made no attempt to discredit
his methods of procedure for the sake of making
points for use in the coming Congressional cam
paigns. He has had a free hand and full support from
all parties and classes of the people and from all sec
tions of the Union. His message will go far to show
whether this confidence has been well or ill placed.
The people expect of him something in the nature of
an ultimatum, and if it is not forthcoming the week
in Congress will be stormy and wrathful.
McKinley can find in the message sent to Congress
in 1854 by President Pierce in relation to the seizure
of the Black Warrior a precedent which will serve
him as something of a model in this juncture. Pierce,
after pointing out that the Black Warrior case did
not stand alone, but that "there have been in the
course of a few years past many other instances of
aggression upon our commerce, violations of the
rights of American citizens and insults to the national
flag by Spanish authorities in Cuba," went on to say,
"All attempts to obtain redress have led to protracted
and as yet fruitless negotiations." He then added:
"In case the measures taken for amicable adjust
ment of our differences with Spain should unfortu
nately fail, I shall not hesitate to use the authority
and means which Congress may grant to insure the
observance of our just rights, to obtain redress for
injuries received and to vindicate the honor of our
flag. In anticipation of that contingency, which I
ertnestly hope may not arise, I suggest to Congress
the propriety of adopting such provisional measures
as the exigency may seem to demand."
Some such message as that in the present temper of
the people and of Congress would settle the crisis
and put an end to the feeling of uncertainty. It is in
confident expectation of it that the country waits the
message which is to make known the President's
policy.
A NEW PHILOSOPHY IN CONGRESS.
\A R. WALKER of Massachusetts is regarded
/ \ as one of the leading political economists in
*■ * Congress. He is chairman of the House
Committee on Banks and Banking, is always one of
the most conspicuous speakers on questions of tariff
and finance, is a director of a bank and a manufac
turing company, a member of the American Acad
emy of Political and Social Science, a trustee of the
American Institute of Civics, trustee of Brown Uni
versity and of Newton Theological Seminary and
president of the board of trustees of Worcester
Academy. He is also several other kinds of a digni
tary, and altogether one who has a right to say, "I
am Sir Oracle, and when I speak let no dog bark."
This eminent master of social and political econ
omy has just propounded in Congress a new phil
osophy and thereby won another title to fame. He
achieved the distinction in the course of a discussion
on the comparative conditions of factory operatives
in New England and the Southern States, and pro
pounded his novel theory in reply to an assertion of
a Southern Representative that owing to the smaller
cost of the necessaries of life in the South the South
ern workingman saved more money out of his wages
than the Northern worker. Lest we may be sus
pected of garbling Mr. Walker's economic discovery
we will quote exactly as it is printed in the Con
gressional Record the paragraph in which he an
nounced it to an applauding House. Mr. Walker
said:
"Let me say to the gentlemen on the other side
that each man in this country cannot save 10 per
cent of his earnings or income without the nation
going back to barbarism in a hundred years. Under
natural law and economic conditions it is only the
few who can save. The economic law of the race
is that enough will saye — that enough are so en
dowed with acquisitiveness and the administrative
faculty that they will accumulate enough to employ
the balance. All men ought not to save and do not
save. All spend that all may live in comfort. It is
in spending that civilization advances. Why we
have in our town four or five men to-day who have
fifty to a hundred thousand dollars who yet live on
an income of five or six hundred dollars a year,
and if we all did it we would all go back to barbar
ism. They are practically the worst citizens we
have. (Laughter and applause.) I tell you it is in
the act of spending the race gets on and not in the
act of saving." (Applause.)
It is fortunate for Benjamin Franklin that his
bones are buried in Pennsylvania and not in the soil
of his native State, or this doctrine uttered from the
lips of a Massachusetts man in answer to a thrifty
speech from the son of a wasteful cavalier of the
Sunny South would have ruffled his rest and made
him uncomfortable in his grave. "A penny saved is
a penny earned" was Franklin's doctrine, and the
old philosopher would hardly be able to comprehend
such a proposition as that of the new man.
Mr. Walker, it is safe to say, does not spend all
that he earns. He is content to leave to other men
the advance of the nation. He takes his place among
the ranks of the worst citizens and practices thrift
while urging workingmen to spend freely. This fact
of course does not detract from the value of his
teaching, for no apostle of a new creed can be ex
pected to practice what he preaches. The only point
we make upon it is that the difference between the
life and the lesson is so striking that it needs eluci
dation. Mr. Walker should write a book.
If the Minnesota widow who wants $1000 from a
man who rashly ventured to hug her is not over
estimating the value of that operation she must in
deed be a charming woman.
THE SAIN" FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1898.
THE RESPONSE OF THE GOVERNORS.
GOVERNOR BUDD'S letter to the Governors
of the States of the Great West requesting
them to appoint committees to attend a con
vention for the purpose of formulating a plan of
joint action in celebrating the semi-centennial of the
admission of California to the Union has been cor
dially responded to, and assurances have been given
that the enterprise will be warmly supported. It is
thus apparent that the movement will be something
more than a State undertaking and that the proposed
exposition will be one of the greatest in design and
accomplishment ever carried out in the United
States.
The letters of response which have been received
up to date have been published in The Call and they
show the wide extent of territory which will be inter
ested in the enterprise. Among them are letters
from the Governors of such distant States as Minne
sota and Nebraska. These States, which by us are
regarded as parts of the East, are, however, essen
tially Western in history, development and sympathy.
Their Governors promise a cordial co-operation in
the movement for the celebration, and their progres
sive citizens will take a pride in assisting to make the
first great Western exposition a genuine triumph for
this section of the Union.
The cordial tone of these responses from other
States should be felt by Californians as an incentive
to earnest efforts in promoting the enterprise. It will
devolve upon California to lead the way and take the
initiative. When the interstate convention assembles
the delegates from this State should be prepared to
submit a programme of work which will at least fur
nish a basis for discussion even if it be not sufficiently
broad to be generally satisfactory. That much will
be expected of us and we must not permit the ex
pectation to be disappointed.
It will be seen that the sooner we get to work the
better. The time between now and iooo is none too
long for the task of preparing for such an undertak
ing as this is designed to be. We have invited our
sister States to join with us in a movement to aug
ment the prestige of the Great West and their Gov
ernors have responded with words of warm accept
ance. Now let us be ready to welcome the conven
tion and all its delegates in true Western style and
Californian hospitality.
THE JURY-BOX STUFFERS.
JUDGE HUNT and his coHeagues on the bench
have shown a commendable zeal in searching
out the parties who are responsible for tampering
with the boxes containing the lists from which the
jurymen are drawn for service in the Superior Courts.
It is to be hoped the zeal will not diminish no matter
in which direction the evidence may point. The
offense is one of the rankest that could be committed
tinder our system of society, and the offenders,
whether high or low, should by all means be dragged
from concealment, disclosed to the public, convicted
and punished with the utmost severity of the law.
The difficulties in the way of finding legal evidence
against the criminals may be great, but with patience
and perseverance there will be found a means to
overcome them. No matter how clever a rascal may
be, he always leaves behind him some trace of
his work. This is especially true of offenders who
have been practicing a particular sort of fraud for a
long time. They are careful at first, but, growing
bolder as they progress, they at last become careless
and then exposure comes swift and sharp. There is
reason to believe that this is what has happened in the
case of those responsible for the stuffing of the jury
lists, and if so it needs only a persistent and sagacious
pursuit to catch them and bring them to justice.
While the offense is not what is known as a sen
sational crime and has not "startled the community,"
it has nevertheless made a profound impression upon
the more intelligent and reflecting class of citizens
and will not be lost sight of until it has reached its
proper conclusion. A cloud upon the jury-box is
a cloud upon our whole legal system, and Judge
Hunt can render no better service to the community
than that of confirming public confidence in the es
sential impartiality and fairness of our juries by
bringing to punishment any one who has violated the
law which regulates their selection.
THE MERCANTILE LIBRARY.
THE men and women who are engaged in the
task of saving the Mercantile Library from what
seems an impending bankruptcy deserve the cor
dial support and help of the community generally.
Their labors are for the public good, and they have
a right to appeal to all who have regard for the
literary advantages and mental culture of the city to
assist them with energy and with money to accom
plish it.
It matters not by what unfavorable conditions, ad
verse circumstances, mistakes or errors of manage
ment the Mercantile Library has arrived at its present
perplexing condition. It is sufficient to know it is
one of the institutions of which the city has a right to
be proud, to which a large number of people owe
much, which has had a career of usefulness in the
past, is useful now, and may be even more useful in
the future, and that it needs help to tide over an
emergency in its affairs which threatens it with dis
solution unless help is forthcoming. To know the
merits of the library and to know what are its urgent
requirements should be sufficient to prompt every
one in proportion to his means to give the aid that
is needed.
We have none too many libraries in San Francisco.
Any institution of the kind would have a rightful
dairy on popular support. In this particular case the
claim is augmented by the worth and dignity of the
library that makes the appeal. The Mercantile is one
of the oldest of our civic institutions. It represents
one of the earliest efforts of our people to provide for
a broad and deeply cultured intellectual life at a time
when few persons expected San Francisco to be any
thing more than a trading center. It is an honor
able monument of the co-operative efforts of former
days, and if for no other reason should be so sup
ported as to be made perpetual.
The strong feature of the Army and Navy Jour
nal is its conservatism. This publication says that
the dispatch of the Spanish flotilla to Porto Rico is
an act of war. Now is the time for some complacent
advocate of peace at the price of any insult to rear
on his hind legs and denounce the journal as a jingo.
Announcement that one of Pulitzer's war editors
has brain fever will be received with more or less
incredulity. There is a common impression that he
has nothing to have it with.
It is learned from one oi the evening papers that
Salisbury has retired, and from another that he has
no thought of taking such a step, all of which goes
to prove the value of accuracy.
PHOTOGRAPH OF AN ELECTRIC SPARK.
POSITIVE POLE.
SOME very Interesting and Instructive
experiments in photographing the
electric spark have lately been made
by M. Henry Langumler, in charge
of the course of practical electricity given
at the "Bourse dv Travail" to the mem
bers of the Association of Firemen and
Engineers, at Paris. The results of one of
these experiments are shown on the ac
companying illustration, taken from a
half-tone picture in a recent number of
L'lliustration.
It is about half the natural size, and
represents an electric spark sixteen centi
meters in length, which was obtained di
rectly and without the aid of any lens in
a chamber or lecture room completely
darkened. A sensitive plate was set in in
sulating clamps and to It were fastened
at the opposite ends the two extremities
of the wires from the poles of an induc
tion coil.
The spark was furnished by an in
duced current of about 45,000 volts from a
Ruhmkorff coil, which was operated by a
primary current of eight volts and four
amperes. As the spark passed over the
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
J. A. Chancelor of Los Angelea is at
the Palace.
George F. Buch of Stockton arrived at
the Lick yesterday.
William P. Veuve of Los Gatos is a
guest at the Lick.
R. E. Jack, a banker of San Luis Obls
po, is staying at the Palace.
L. A. Spitzer, Assessor of Santa Clara
County, is registered at the Grand from
San Jose.
James Redman, a mining man of Mont
pelier, Idaho, is one of the late arrivals
at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. William Holden are stay-
Ing at the Lick, where they will remain
for about a week, when Mr. Holden
leaves for Montana.
John If. Steele. A. Lohonstein and
George Earle Kelly are three naval of
ficers attached to the Monadnock who are
registered at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Edear P. Mills of New
York are at the Palace with their daugh
ter. Mr. Mills is a prominent official of
the Wabash Railroad Company.
Saturday night
Anna Held, the
famous French
dancer, who lives
in her private car
at the Townsend
street depot, came
up town for a
BLESSED
ARE THEY
fHAT HUNGER.
little while and on . her return to her
home on wheels walked down Fourth
street to her destination instead of taking
a street car. She was accompanied by a
couple of theatrical people besides one or
two Willie-boy admirers, who, knowing
the charming Anna's love of comfort and
distaste for any sort of unnecessary phy
sical exertion, wondered why she should
elect to walk instead of riding, particu
larly such a distance and at such a time,
the hour being considerably after ten.
They had not gone far before they passed
a green-grocer's and Miss Held stopped
and purchased a bunch of asparagus,
which she handed to one of her admirers,
who not only carried it, but gallantly in
sisted on paying for it. At the next shop
a bundle of spinach was acquired, which
was paid for and carried by admirer No.
2 Then, in quick succession, a market,
a fruit store and a fish stall were visited
and purchases made, which were paid for
by the different male members of the
party until every one of the crowd was
packing something that promised to de
velop into a toothsome dish under the
skillful handling of a good cook. Miss
Held herself brought up the rear, carry
ing a large sized crab tied to the end of
a string. To the numerous interroga
tories put to her with the purpose of as
certaining what she Intended to do she
would return the one answer to wait and
see the artist she had for a cook, so the
gentlemen who were carrying the dif
ferent articles trotted along contentedly,
cheered by visions of the delightful mid
night supper that would reward them for
their trouble and devotion when the car
should at last have been' reached. It is
a long lane that has no turning and
Fourth street is no exception to other
lanes. When the party stood beside the
car they heaved a sigh of relief, and,
handing their bundles to the servant, they
prepared to mount the steps which were
to lead them to the interior and supper.
Miss Held, however, had a surprise in
store for them which they little suspected.
Standing on the platform she expressed
her regret that the lateness of the hour
prevented her from asking them in and
then, thanking them for their kindness
in carrying the parcels, which she in
formed them were destined to charm the
palate of Tod Sloan, who was to dine
with her on the morrow, she bade them a
smiling good night and vanished. To say
the gentlemen of the party were crest
fallen would be putting It mildly. They
were crushed.
M. Marks of Orovllle Is a guest at the
Grand.
E. B. Dana is registered at the Lick
from New York.
H. Thorp of Sacramento Is on© of yes
terday's arrivals at the Grand.
R. Livingstone and wire of Portland,
Or., arrived in the city yesterday and
went to the California.
Q. C. Ward and Albert Eads of Ma
comb. 111., are at the Occidental. Both
gentlemen are accompanied by their
wives.
Larry J. Klllean, a Boston sporting
man, has returned to the Palace from a
trip to the southern part of the State,
where he has been for some time past,
together with Abe Levy and Chris Buck
ley.
NO OBJECTION TO THESE.
While there is a general feeling against
tho incoming of the off-scourings of
Europe no one will have a word to say
against 605 steerage passengers who ar
rived last week on the Kaiser Wilhelm.
Their average age was 25 years old and
they brought $21,460 with them, had rail
road tickets to their destination and knew
exactly where they wanted to go. A
third of them were Russian Mennonites,
who are bound for the Dakotas and
Washington, where so many of their
countrymen are already settled and are
developing that great agricultural terri
tory. Such citizens as these would be
welcome anywhere in the world.—Louis
ville Courier-Journal.
NEGATIVE POLE.
sensitive coating of the plate from one
end to the other It left the curious evi
dences of Its ways and wanderings per
manently marked thereon. The plata
was then developed and from the nega
tive the picture for L'lllustratlon was
printed directly from the etching plate.
Photographic results somewhat similar
to the above have been produced before
by the aid of iron filings or sulphur pow
der scattered over the sensitive plate,
which, of course, to a greater or less de
gree, affected the course and character of
the spark and the resulting picture.
In this instance, however, we are as
sured by M. Langumier that the spark
which he has reproduced was absolutely
natural, the opposing electricities being
entirely free to exert themselves In every
direction but that of the sensitive plate.
It is to be noticed that the negative pole
of the spark takes the form of a branch
of fern, while the positive pole takes that
of a bunch of hairy roots. This accounts
for the curious vegetable-like appear
ances that are often to be found indelibly
marked on the skin of persons who have
been struck by lightning.
THJE BITTER RIVER WARRIORS.
When fust the papers come to hand
A sayin' there might be a war.
You'd ort to seen us fellers stand
A nghtin' battles at the bar!
There want a Bitter River chap.
From Colonel Tom to Kid McLane,
That wasn't achin" fur a scrap.
All spattered up with blood, with Spain.
We'd stand an" diagnose the news
'Atween our fretfuent snifts o' booze.
Ol' Colonel Tom he said that he
Was in the wor o' Sixty-one.
An' reckoned he was up In O,
A pumpin' bullets through a grun.
Fur bravery in facin' death
His name was on the honor roll —
An' then he'd reinforce his breath
By h'istin' in another bowl.
An' we Jes' cheered till we was hoarse;
Him settin' up the drinks, of course.
An' One-Eyed Riley, he chipped In
By sayin' that he marched an' fit
All over sacred ol 1 Virgin.,
An' used to make the rebels git.
He reckoned he was Jes' as brave
As any man that foliered Grant,
An' many a rebel soger grave
He'd furnished with an occupant.
An' now if war should come, you bet
We'd see he was a fighter yet.
Then Shorty Norton said that when
You talked o1o 1 desp'rit fightin', he
Was one o' them same rebel men
That tuk his dose along with Lee.
It used to be his one delight.
As Lee an' all his comrades knew.
To hunt the thickest o' the fight
An' plug them sassy boys in blue.
An' If a call for sogers come
We'd see him steppin' to the drum.
An' Dick the Lamb an' Faro Dowd
An' Windy Jim an' Scrapper White —
In short the hull durr.ed River crowd
Was all a itchln' fur a fight.
An' when ol* Colonel Tom once more
Set up the devil lightnin', and
Got oft* a spec-ch 'bout sptllln' gore
We 'lected him to take command.
An' swore that In the bloody fray
We'd foller him through Helena.
Nex' day we found a written call
Stuck up In front o' Jackson's store.
In scholar langwUl^e nskln' all
To givp their sarvlce to the war.
It drawed a quite excited crowd,
An' 't wasn't very hard to see
That talkin' wasn t near so loud
Nor bloody as It used to be. '
None of us hadn't much to say,
An' said it, in a quiet way.
Or Colonel Tom he run the bluff
That he was old an' full o' pain.
An' there was youngish men enough
To knock the stuffln' out o' Spain,
An' One-Ey*;il Rlley said 'at he
Had done enough fur Uncle Sam,
An' Norton, htm that fit with Tie*.
An' Windy Jim an' Dick the Lamb.
An' all the rest could plainly show
Jes" why they hadn't ort to go.
That niKht 'twas hinted 'round that Bucvk,
That's tendin' bar fur Whisky Brown,
Whose place we paternize, had stuck
That notice op to call us down.
An' whpn he owned right up on slpht
That h*» had put the war call there,
Wi> fccquleaod in his invite
To take a drink an' call it square.
Then every autermatic chin
Cut loose a serappin' Spain ae'ln.
— Denver Post.
NEWS Of FOREIGN NAVIES.
The Russian contract for armor plates,
recently given to the Carnegie mills, is
for two armored gunboats.
The Hai-Shen. the third of the three
Chinese protected cruisers of 2960 tons,
was launched at Stettin, February 12.
The contract delivery of these three ships
will be exceeded by nearly six months.
Contract for an armored cruiser of 7700
tons, to be named Kleber. has been given
to the Chantlers et Atelier de la Gironde
Company. The ship is to be delivered in
fifty-one months, dating from December
9 of last year, and to be ready for her
official test three months later.
Another British torpedo-boat destroyer,
the Sturgeon, has come to grief. During
a protracted sea trip something went
wrong and she limped into Portsmouth
under the starboard engine. An ex
amination revealed the fact that the
struts of the port propeller had broken
off and that the shaft was bent and twist
ed, the rudder smashed and the hull bad
ly damaged.
A pair of sheer legs 150 feet in length, to
lift 100 tons, are to be erected at the De
vonport dockyard/ The cost of the sheers
and machinery will be $55,000. The item
recalls the fact that a similar work was
accomplished at the Mare Island Navy
yard In 18S7, where the sheer legs and
machinery were built In the department
of steam engineering under Chief En
gineer Kutz for the sum of $44,375, or
nearly $6000 less than that now being built
in the British dockyard.
The European press— excepting that of
Russia— is greatly worked up over the
mystery which surrounds the departure
of two Russian battle-ships from the
Black Sea. The treaty stipulation be
tween Turkey an, Russia expressly for
bids any Russian war vessel to pass the
Dardanelles, and hitherto the Sultan has
only given permission to vessels of the
Russian volunteer fleet to pass through
the Bosphorus. The armor-clads referred
to as having violated the treaty stipula
tions are said to have sneaked through
in the nighttime, and an investigation Is
on foot to locate the responsibility.
A Royal Naval Reserve man on board
the British armored cruiser Australia has
got himself in serious trouble and thrown
discredit upon this auxiliary branch of
the naval service. The ship was lying at
Portsmouth and a lot of stores were
broken out of the room adjoining the
magazine. The R. N. R. man saw some
pistols such as are used for firing night
signals, and grabbing one fired Into a
bunch of fuses lying on a shelf and a
fusillade of exploding fuses was the re
sult. A regular blue Jacket at once threw
a bundle of the fuses outside the door of
the storeroom and fire was communicated
to a pile of serge and fearnought. An
alarm of flre was m*le. hoses stretched
and water soon extinguished the blazing
woolen stuff, and the R. N. R. individual
was escorted by a guard of marines to the
guardhouse. His explataiion that he did
not know it was loaded" will not save him
from a court-martial and merited punish
ment for a criminal pranic.
Contracts have been giTen to the Arm
strong Company for ten 12-inch breech
loading rifles and twenty-five 6-lnch
quiclc-firinT guns. The latter wll l have
imnroved mounts, which vill greatlj, ln
cTiase the facility of woiking- the gun
and enaSe them to fire rounds in one
minute, against six rounds h > c * is at
present the best record made with this
cafiber gun. The length °' J^^ha™
be increased, permitting a higher charge
to be used, and the muzzle ««g 'j foot
tons will be raised from 4840 JBJ«J
tons. The 40 caliber 6-inch gun m the
of 3204 foot tons, and as none of thei m on
able to fire only two rounds per minute.
AGAINST^fhFcUBANS.
San Francisco, March 25 1893.
Editor Call-Dear Sir: While public sen
timent appears to be so^ bitterly opposed
to the consideration of an> thin g that
would tend to relieve Spain of the ' <^> v™u ™
that the Maine disaster has created It
may seem out of place to say a: thing
that would tend to lessen the hatred of
the American people against that nation.
Nevertheless I cannot forbear to direct
the intelligent reader's attention to some
pertinent considerations that even tne
extremest patriotism should not sanction.
The people of these United States, we are
told, are wearied with the continuous
warfare that has been maintained witn
so little valuable result and so much use
less suffering in the "Queen of the An
tilles" and they propose to put an end to
it by demanding that Spain having been
unsuccessful either in subjugating or
coaxing the subjects of its rebellious col
ony should give them their liberty. The
excuse for this demand is primarily that
this incessant strife in Cuba is damaging
to the commercial interests of this repub
lic and incidentally that the suffering of
the Cubans should come to an end. I ad
mit that the commercial claim is a good
one but when we begin to lament the
cruelties of war we are depending upon
the ignorance of our listeners for ap
plause A war that has no cruelties is
no war and the more merciless a war is
the more successful it becomes. More
over in the instance under consideration,
the misery of those who are complaining
is entirely of their own making, as loy
alty to the Spanish crown would secure
them protection and better government
than the nondescript blood of the rebel
lious movement could ever provide. \\ c
are told by the telegraphic dispatches
from those who profess to know the
Presidential mind that our chief execu
tive is preparing a manifesto for the
Spanish Government demanding large in
demnity from that nation (which is quite
proper) and also demanding that as it has
been impossible for Spain to conquer the
Cubans, in the interest of humanity the
war should be stopped and freedom given
to them. There is no sense nor justice in
this demand. If the only solution of a
war is that one of the belligerents should
cease fighting, who shall have the right to
decide which party shall lay down its
arms? Would it not accomplish as much
if Mr. McKinley should say to the insur
gents that if they did not cease their
fighting at once this country would help
Spain to compel them to do so? Unques
tionably It would. It is quite proper that
Spain should pay for the loss of tho
Maine, but absolutely wrong that this
Government should seek to interfere for
the benefit of the Cuban rebels. More es
pecially does it seem wrong as this coun
try has tacitly sympathized with and aid
ed the insurgent movement in very many
ways— which aid and which sympathy has
emboldened the one side and embittered
the other. THOMAS H. KERR.
ONE GREAT UNITED COUNTRY.
Roanoke (Va.) News.
General Wade Hampton's advice to
Southern men to stay at home and let
the North furnish the troops, if war is de
clared against Spain, is narrow, sectional
and wholly repugnant to the feelings of
the brave followers of Lee arid Stonewall
Jackson. We are one great country un
der one flag, and it is admitted by patri
ots all over the land that a declaraHon of
war would have the effect of abolishing
sectional lines, and that In the future
there would be no North, no South, no
East, no West, but one great reunited
nation standing shoulder to shoulder in
defense of a common cause. We are sur
prised at Wade Hampton.
DOLLARS COUNT IN WAR TIME.
National debt of Spain, $1,709,000,000.
National interest charges annuall*.
$105,000,000. %
National income annually, $160,000,000.
Look at the proportion between the to
tal revenue and the interest charge upon
the public debt and he who fears war
with Spain may be reassured that the
hostilities may occur only between the
treasuries at Washington and Madrid. It
is far more likely to be a battle of dol
lars than of guns, and in such an ex
change of volleys it is cause for con
gratulation that the dollars of Uncle Sam
are sound. — New York Mall and Express.
Finest eyeglasses, specs. 15c up, 33 4th.«
Choice present Eastern friends, Town
send's Cal. Glace Fruits 50c Ib Jap bskts.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
PICTURES AND FRAMES. — Every
week we are in receipt of new moldings.
Persian Green, Japanese Gray, English,
Old Dutch and Flemish Oaks, Green and
Gold effects, Seal Brown, Bone Ebony
and Solid Gilts. All the new odd shapes,
in pretty frames and everything that 13
new and good in sheet pictures, panels
and medallions. It goes without saying
that our assortment is always the best
and our prices the lowest. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
Telegraph wires will last for forty years
near the seashore. In the manufacturing
districts the same wires will last only ten
years, and sometimes less.
"Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been U9ed over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the sums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for ~.
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists tn every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mn,
Winalow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottla.
CORONADO.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from t&«
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship. Including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer
stay. $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
The Suez canal is eighty-eight miles
long and reduces the distance from Eng
land to India nearly 4'>.h) miles for ships.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Cook
who uses
BAKBNG
POWDER
Is sure of the
Finest FoodTOMTOMS SOUND
HER DEPARTURE
Chinese and Sons of Italy-
Make Merry as a
Bark Sails.
Spirited Practice Work by Two
Gun Crews of the Naval
Reserve.
City of Puebla Carries More Klondl
kers A way —Many Visitors to
the Monadnock.
On Howard street wharf yesterday
When the sun was low there was a
••sound of revelry- that attracted one of
the largest crowds seen on the water
front for some time. There was a beat
ing of tomtoms and kiyiing by the yel
low wearers of the queue. Italian m'elo
aies by sons of the Etruscan peninsula
an opposition solo, "The Red. White and
ttlut. by some native son who had evi
dently looked upon the wine when it was
carmine In the cup ana deemed it an es
sential feature of the celebration that his
own country should be properly repre-
Bented, and the stentorian .shouts of a
bluecoat trying to preserve order. With
due apologies to Thomas Paine, It was
a time that tried men's lungs. The occa
eion was the sailing of th£*bark Ferris S.
Thompson for Hume Brothers' Alaskan
canneries. On board were some twenty
odd Italian fishermen and two or three
representatives of the Flowery Kingdom.
When the lug Sea Witch attached a haw
ser to the bark and started ahead the
fishermen broke into song. Then the Chi
nese came out on deck with their instru
ments of auricular torture and added to j
the din with tomtom and vocal screech- j
Ing. A large crowd came running to the
Bcene to see what was going on, among i
them being- the native son mentioned, I
■vyho got l.ear the piling ana yelled so lua- ]
Uly tnat his swaying body came near oe- !
ing overbalanced by the effort. At this i
Juncture a. policeman arrived on the I
•scene and took the leather-lunged patriot j
away, the crowd dispersed as aouii as the
bark was well out in the stream and
<juiet again reigned over the wharf.
Under the direction of Captain C. C. ;
Dennis and Lieutenant Joseph Emanuei i
of the First .Division, two gun crews of |
the Naval Reserve held a practice drill i
In the new building at l'olsom-street
wharf yesterday. The boys made a very i
creditable showing 1 , and their maneuvers !
were witnessed by a good-sized crowd,
•which frequently broke Into applause at
particularly line moves. The boys are j
preparing "for a benefit to tho survivors ',
of the Maine disaster, to be given in con
junction with an infantry drill by the ;
National Guard at Mechanics' Pavilion. '
A boatload of the marines went to Goat !
: in the afternoon 0:1 a pleasure i
excursion.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed for;
Victoria and Puget Sound ports at 10 a.
m. yesterday from Broadway wharf. A
\.: :•;„■• < tuwu was present when the steam- ■■
er r:it-t off her lines to hid farewell to a j
number of men on board bound for the 1
Klondike.
The bark Albert, eighteen days from
Honolulu, with a cargo of sugar con
signed to Williams, l>imond & Co., ar- 1
In port yesterday. There was one j
•1. On March 23 the bark
spoke ■ ii r 'f Alice Cook, twenty
eight days from Honolulu for this port.
Peterson's launch, the Amy, was kept
busily engaged yesterday in carrying
pightseers out to the monitor Monadnock,
red In the stream. Uncle Sam's
boats i;re always an attraction to pleas
: :in day. when any of them
are in thf bay, but at this time, when
the breeze is laden with whispers of war,
they urc a star feature.
LARGE CROWD AT THE PARK.
Bicyclists Meet With a Serious Ac
cident — Officer Captures a Run
away Horse.
There were, perhaps, two reasons for
"the large number of people at Golden
Gate Park yesterday— the fine weather
and the stoppage of the running of trains
on the Park and Beach Railroad. Many
who had started for the Cliff and Sutro
baths, finding that the above named line
•was not running, turned Into the park.
One of the new attractions at vie deer
park Is a spotted fawn, which was found
by the attendants late yesterday after
noon. The mother, together with a fine
buck, was brought here from Buenos
.Ay res several years ago. They axe the
only spotted deer ever brought to this
coast and the fawn found yesterday is
the flrat ever known to be born in cap
tivity.
Policeman J. H. Kavanaugh made a
pplenriid capture of a runaway horse, rid
den by Sylvan Davis, of ISOB Pacific ave
nue, who had lost control of the animal.
The officer succeeded in stopping the
horse just as it was about to dash Into a
crowd of bicyclists.
At the Emergency Hospital, Surgeon
Wymore dressed the wounds of John
Roach and Frank Chapman, two young
bicycle riders who had met with a seri
ous accident while coasting down a hill
on lialboa boulevard. After receiving the
attention of the surgeon they were taken
home by their friends.
The attendance at the Cliff' House
■was light. At Sutro Baths there were a
number of exciting aquatic races, th^
following being the winners: Fifty-yard
race for boys under )_'. C. Pahl first and'
C. Clough second; seventy-five yard ru^e
f..r boys tmder 18, D. Carroll lirst and H.
Horton second; obstacle race. R, O'Con
riell first and W. Baker second; high div
ing for boys under 16, N. Desback first
and G. Bancroft second.
Colored Pugilist Dead.
Jim Hall, a colored middle-weight pu
pllist. died yesterday at 411 Pacific street
of dropsy.
Hall, like all of his sort, had hi 3up 3
and downs in the pugilistic arena. He
stood before some of the gamest sports
of his class In his day.
During the past ten years he dragged
out an existence In the tenderloin dis
trict.
Two-thirds of sickness is caused by our
habit of eating a full meal in fifteen min
utes. ____„___«„,___««»«■_——
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If there is a history of
weak lungs in your family,
take Scott's Emulsion.
It nourishes and invigor-
ates.
It enables you to resist the
disease. Even if your lungs
are already affected, and if
besides the cough you have
fever and emaciation, ' there
is still a strong probability of
a cure.
The oil in the Emulsion
feeds ; the hypophosphites
give power to the nerves
and the glycerine soothes and
k^als.
50c. «nd $i.oo, all druggists. . . .
'■'■-', •COTT & BOWNE, ChemUtt, N«w York. ";
FLED WHEN
POOR BURKE
WAS SHOT
The Murder of the
Lieutenant to Be
Investigated.
His Companions Must
Answer for Their
Cowardice.
Detective Cody Makes a Lengthy
Report of the Killing to
Chief Lees.
KENNEDY'S STATEMENT.
He Makes a Futilo Attempt to Ex
plain Why He Ran
Away.
Acting under instructions from the
Police Commissioners, Chief Lees is
making a thorough Investigation of the
charge that the four policemen who ac
companied Lieutenant Burke on his
mission when he was shot down by
Hayn.es, the murderous tinker, acted
with surprising cowardice. Last night
he sent for Policeman Kennedy, who
was with the brave lieutenant when
he was killed. Kennedy tried to ex
cuse himself by claiming that he fired
four shots at Haynes after Burke fell
mortally wounded. In explanation of
his first statement that he retreated
after Haynes had shot his victim he
said that he knew the bloodthirsty
tinker would not hesitate to kill him.
"Knowing he was well supplied with
ammunition," he claimed, "I ran
around to the corner of the shanty and
emptied my revolver at him. I failed
to hit him, and as I had exhausted my
ammunition I went in search of more.
It was then that Haynes reappeared
and took possession of the dead lieuten
ant's gun."
Detective Cody, who has been spe
cially detailed by the Chief of Police
to make a thorough investigation of
the facts of the shooting, last night
made a lengthy report to his superior
officer. The report will be read at the
meeting of the Police Commissioners
to-night, and unless they are satisfied
that the officers acted with becoming
bravery they will be at once cited to
appear before them and show cause
why they should not be dismissed from
the force. _^___^________
CETJELTY TO ANIMALS.
C. H. Martin, an Expressman, Ar-
rested on the Charge.
C. 11. Martin, an expressman living on
Suttcr street, near Devisadero, was ar
rested yesterday afternoon by Policeman
Mangan on a charge of cruelty to
animals.
According: to the police. Martin has been
in the habit of indulging In periodical
drunks ami neglecting his two horses.
Word was sent to the O'Farrell-street
station Saturday night that the horses
wre starving, and Siangan -was sent to
make an investigation. He found that
the animals had not been attended to ap
parently for several days, and in their
hunger had eaten the wood of their
manners. Mangan procured two bales of
hay and fed the animals, and yesterday
ho discovered Martin, who had been on
one of his drunks, and placed him under
arrest. The horses are being well cared
for now.
THE TIVOLI MAINE BENEFIT.
An Enthusiastic Audience Gathers.
and After Witnessing "Widow
O'Brien," Sing "America."
Yesterday afternoon the Tivoli was
crowded to the doors by the patriotic
audience which had gathered to witness
the performance of "Widow O'Brien"
that was given for the benefit of the fund
being raised for the erection of a monu
nv-ut to the memory of the brave sailor
boys who perished when the Maine was
destroyed by Spanish treachery in Ha
vana narbor.
A handsome souvenir programme was
gotten up for the occasion, which was
suid at the door for whatever the pur
chaser chose to give, and it was notice
able that, as the audience filed in, nearly
every one bought a programme, and the
amount they paid for it was generally
the largest piece of silver they had in
their pockets.
Besides the regular performance, spe
cialties were introduced from the other
shows in town, and at the conclusion of
the programme the song "America" was
rendered by the entire the audience
joining in the chorus with wild enthusi
asm.
The Tropic Bird Arrives.
The barkentine Tropic Bird, forty days
out of Tahiti, reached port last night and
anchored in the stream. She has on board
a miscellaneous cargo, the principal item
of which is a consignment of copra for
J. Pinet & Co. Captain C. W. Jackson,
the master of the vessel, reports a rather
fair trip with but few accidents, lie
■ailed from Papeete about noon on Feb
ruary 15, and when about two hours out
was struck by a northeast gale, changing
to northwest. In this squall a number
of sails were lost and more split. From
the loth to the Ist of the present month
nothing but light winds were met with,
but from the Ist to the Gth inst., when
the Hawaiian Islands were reached, the
vessel experienced some strong northeast
gales and heavy squalls, during which
considerable water was shipped. The re
mainder of the trip was pleasant. As the
Tropic Bird must leave nere by the Ist
of next month in order to fulfill her mail
contract. Captain Jackson will be very
busy while In port.
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis" Anti-Headache. All Druggists. •
AN ORIENTAL WORSHIPS A MACHINE AS A GOD.
That the mechanical contrivance s that are the delight of the present
generation are a matter of mystery and awe to the untutored minds of
the gentle Orientals was illustrated in a queer scene that was enacted In the
lobby of Morosco's Grand Opera House several days ago.
In that portion of the house are two machines into which people drop a
nickel and are told their weight and are pleased with sweet music.
A Jap, recently from his native soil, unused to modern invention, hap
pened to be near when some child had thus been parting with his nickel
and watched the thing with awe. He waited around until there was no one
evidently looking and then knelt down before the musical machine and
started in worshiping it and praying aloud in his native tongue, every once
in a while allowing his face to touch the ground. After this procedure
he with reverence approached the machine and again bowed low. Gradu
ally he gained courage and placed a 50-cent piece on the Bcales, but no
music was heard. Again he repeated his act, placing 50 cents more, but
still the soul of the great "machine" spoke not to him. Still once more he
placed a like amount of money on the device and still once more no sound
was heard. Then, crestfallen, he left the money and was about to depart,
when an onlooker called him back. The Japanese paid no heed and at last
the man took the money and gave it back to the deluded Oriental. At
this the Jap flew into a rage and replaced the money, trying to show by
signs that the "big god" was displeased. He wrote something on a paper
in Japanese and left. When it was translated it was found the writing was
simply his name— "Sasake." Mr. Morosco is keeping the money in an en
velope, waiting for some of his countrymen to explain the mysteries of the
machine and thinking that the Jap will come and reclaim his money.
THE SAIN" FBAKCISCO CALL, MONDA^T, MARCH 28, 1898.
SHE BOUGHT
THE SEALSKIN
FROM A BOY
Lillian Mitchell Ac
cused of Receiving
Stolen Goods.
Locked Up in tho City
Prison on a Serious
Charge.
Gimp Morrisey, a Messenger,
Admits That He Sold the
Garment to Her.
SAYS THAT HE FOUND IT.
The Detectives Investigating a Mys
terious Burglary In a Cloak
House.
Lillian Mitchell, a rather preposses
sing woman, is locked up In the City
Prison, charged with receiving a valu
able sealskin cape, knowing the same
to have been stolen.
Several days ago the police were no
tified that a sealskin cape had been
stolen from a store on Kearny street.
Detectives Ryan and ODea were de
tailed on the case, and by dint of In
quiry they learned that the stolen gar
ment was In the possession of the
Mitchell woman. When seen by the
detectives the woman at first refused
to say where she got the cape, but
finally admitted that she bouzht it
from a messenger boy who Is known as
"Gimp" Morrisey.
Last night the boy, learning that the
detectives were anxious to see him,
visited police headquarters and ex
plained how he came into possession of
the cape.
According to his ttory. he was walk
ing along Market street several days
ago while delivering a message, when
he picked up the cape, which was lying
on the sidewalk.
"I took it home," he remarked, when
telling the story, "expecting that the
owner would advertise for it and re
ward me for my trouble. I scanned the
newspapers the next day, but as the
loss of the cape was not noted I con
cluded that the owner did not prize it
very highly, and I determined to sell
it. Meeting the Mitchell woman, I of
fered to sell it to her for $5. She gave
me 50 cents, and promised to pay the
balance in a few days.
"A short time afterward she was ar
rested for receiving the cape and
thrown in jail. Knowing the detectives
were searching for me, I concluded to
visit police headquarters and inform
them how I came into possession of the
garment."
While Inclined to believe the boy's
story, the police intend to hold the
woman, pending further investigation.
THREE BULLETS
IN HIS BREAST
The Determined Effort of John
Luhrs to 'End His
Life.
Shot Himself to Death Four Days
Before His Body Was
Found.
"With the firm resolve to die and end his
troubles, John Luhrs fired three bullets
into his left breast some time last week,
and his dead body, found in his room yea
terday morning, told how successful his
determined effort to rid the world of him
self had been.
L,uhrs was a German longshoreman.
about 55 years old, and had been rooming
at 10 St. Charles place for the last three
years. Of late he had been sick and de
spondent and had continually complained
to his friends that there was nothing left
In life for him. He had not been seen
about the house for three or four days,
and when his room was broken open ye»
terday morning he was found lying on
the lounge dead, with a cheap American
bull <!'•£ revolver firmly grasped in his
i ..,1 T*vc> of tbe tb»-p*» bullets which hi
had fired at himself had pierced the lung
ami me 'tiuru luuged in .me heart.
The man had been dead three or four
days, but just when he shot himself is
not known. The following letter, written
in German, gave the reason for the sui
cide: "Friends and Acquaintances: No
one of you will blame me for taking m>
own life, for I think it better to do so
than suffer longer. I have been suffering
long enough, so I think I will end it all.
"J. H. LUHRS."
* ♦ '
AUGUSTUS LAYER DEAD.
The Architect of the New City Hall
Passes Away.
ALAMEDA, March 27.— Augustus La
yer, the well-known architect, died In
this city this morning at the age of 65
years from pneumonia. He was a native
of England, and had lived in this city for
ten years. Previous to that he resided
in San- Francisco. He was well known
in his profession, and was the architect
of the new City Hall in San Francisco.
He leaves a wife and one son. His fu
neral will take piace on Tuesday at 10
a. m. from the Masonic Temple in this
city under the auspices of Oak Grove
Lodge. The remains will be taken to
San Francisco for interment.
CARING FOR
THE WOUNDED
Menof the Second Brigade
Demonstrate What
They Can Do.
A Practioal Illustration of How
the Sanitary Corps Works
In the Field.
Pive Burgeon* Who Negleotsd to
Show Up at the Drill at Ingle
side to Be Investigated.
Yesterday was field flay for the Sani
tary Corps of the Second Brigade, N. G.
C, and the members of the corps who are
stationed in this city and the contingent
from Oakland were on duty. There were
twenty-six men of the corps, who were
assisted in the performance of the work
they d!d by Company X, First Regiment
Infantry, Captain Cunningham.
There were present of the medical de
partment Colonel \V. E. Hopkins of the
staff of the commander-in-chief, sur
geon-general; Colonel John Galiwey, sur
geon on tho division staff; Lieutenant-
Colonel S. F. Hanson, surgeon on the staff
of the Second Brigade; Major W. D. Mc-
Carthy, surgeon of the First Regiment;
Captains P. J. H. Farrell and Thomas
Rethers, surgeons of the First Infantry,
and Captain T. O. Rottanzi, surgeon of
the Fifth Infantry, also Major Hugh T.
Sime of the Third Battalion of the First
Infantry.
The place first selected In the forenoon
was a piece of wooded ground north of
the Ingleside race track, but it was found
that there was not enough open territory
to allow of the maneuvers that would ;
have to be performed and permission was [
obtained of the Olympic Gun Club to have
the evolutions on the broad field on which
they practice shooting at clay pigeons, lit j
the forenoon live squads of four men each '
from the Sanitary Corps were, by a ser- j
geant, put through the drill with litters, !
which was executed with a great deal of
precision. After lunch provided by the i
commissary department for the men of ;
the two organizations and the officers, i
the camp Which had been established ou j
the site first selected was struck and the i
men, followed by an ambulance, loaned i
by the medical department at the Pro- :
sidio, proceeded to the second site select- j
ed, but there unexpected opposition was
met in the person of President M. C. Al- i
len of the Gun Club, who protested j
against the invasion by the troops.
While the president was arguing with
Major McCarthy, who had charge of the
sanitary corps, some one suggested to j
Captain Cunningham to move his men i
forward, and an order to that effect was
given. The men took up a position 300
yards south of the one at which they had
halted, the sanitary corps followed close j
behind, the ambulance was driven to a :
point still further south, and while the
argument was still in progress me ha,- j
tional Guardsmen had established them
sen es ana dared any one to put them vii.
In the meantime a field hospital tent was
erected in short order, close to where the
ambulance was stationed, another tent
was puT up about seventy-five yards ,
south. The infantrymen were supplied '
with blank cartridges, and fifteen men ;
were selected to be victims for the sani
tary corps 10 worK upon, ,t<acn bad a I
tag. attached to his coat, and on each j
was written the character of the injury
he would receive in battle. This work,
in actual service, is performed by the
surgeon after examination, but the ex
pedient referred to had to.be resorted to.
on account of the absence of five of the !
surgeons. "Within the field tent there was '
a field operating table and a medical and !
surgical chest for the use of the surgeons
on duty there. This is made of bamboo
and iron straps and has on it a litter.
It is so arranged that the litter can' be
removed and a litter with a wounded man
I on it can be put in its place. The opera
tion Utute aiul litter ait- stronger nan
those used in the regulararmy.andthetwo
i together weigh less than an army litter.
This, an idea evolved in the sanitary
corps, has been highly commended by
army officers, as have also the belts with
pucKets in iiu'iii worn by the men, wnion
were also devised in the corps.
A detail or lour men was sent from
Company X to a point several hundred
yards south, to represent four platoons !
of the enemy, and then the other men ;
were divided into three platoons, deployed i
as skirmishers and ordered forward to j
meet the fire of the enemy. A number of j
volleys at various positions were fired, i
but the fire of the enemy had a terrific
effect on the advancing men, for they fell j
on all sides, and then the squads of the
sanitary corps were, called for duty.' In i
each case two comrades of a fallen man
would improvise a stretcher by crossing
belts of their rifles, placing the wounded !
man upon it and carrying him a short
distance to the rear, where they could !
lay him down and allow the sanitary j
squad to take care of him. If the injury ;
marked was a shattered leg and first aid
splints were not serviceable, the men ;
would use two rifles for splints and bind
these in such a manner that the leg could
not be moved. Proper bandages were ap
plied to prevent hemorrhage, and the first
aid having been rendered, the wounded I
man was lifted from the ground by three
men on one side and one on the other;
then the lone man. releasing his ho'ri. |
placed the litter under the patient, he
was laid on it and hurriedly carried to
the first aid hospital, where he was ex- j
amined by the surgeon in charge. If the i
injury required additional dressing it
was attended there, but if not requisite i
the patient was placed in the ambulance
and taken to the field hospital, where
Captain Farrell examined the card and i
instructed those present as to what
should be done to care for the injured in
dividual. The instructions were clear,
comprehensive and easily followed.
Each of the fifteen men had a different
Injury, and in that manner the members j
of the corps had full opportunity to show ;
their skill in temporarily dressing wounds,
and in every instance the work was cor
rectly performed. The exercise the men
had required a great deal of activity, and I
in many instances they had to carry ;
patients more than 300 yards.
The surgeon-general expressed himself
■well pleased with the drill, and stated
that it is his purpose of making the corps
the most efficient branch of the National
Guard. >=;
The five surgeons who were absent are
Captain O'Brien of the First Infantry, !
Captains Dunn and Hammond of the
Fifth Infantry, Captain Somers of the
signal corps and Captain Fitzgibbons of
Troop* A. By their absence they put the
| corps to a great deal of inconvenience
and imposed double duty on those who
were there. Charges of neglect of duty
will be preferred against them by Major
McCarthy, and such will be sent to tho
superior officer under whoso direction
they are, and they will be required to
appear before a board of inquiry to show
cause why they should not be punished
for such neglect.
BRAVERY JLAY BE REWARDED.
John McGrath, Who Assisted Lieu-
tenant Burke When Shot, May
Drive a Patrol Wagon.
John McGrath, who so ably assisted
Patrol Driver Cashel in removing Lieu
tenant Burke from his perilous position
after he had been shot by T. P. Haynes,
is on the road to a good position through
the efforts of the citizens of Precita Val
ley and vicinity. It is probable that to
day Cashel will be given a star and an
effort is being made to have McGrath
succeed him in his present position as pa
trol driver at the Seventeenth-street po
lice station. A .large meeting was held
last evening in the hall of the Precita
Valley Improvement Club and the follow
ing petition was drawn up:
io the Honorable, the Mayor, and the
Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco — Gentlemen: :
V>'o, the undersigned, hereby petition your i
honorable body to appoint to the position j
of patrol wagon driver John McGrath, the
young man that so bravely risked his own
life along with the driver Cashel. In their i
efforts to rescue Lieutenant Burke while
the police were endeavoring to arrest the
murderer, Theo Park Haynes. The peti
tion was signed by over 200 residents of
that portion of the city.
TO MEN ROB
A YOUNG WOMAN
One of Them Arrested
and the Other Still
at Liberty.
Drink Led Miss Annie B. Kedon
Into a Strange Ad
venture.
Her Escorts Held Her Up While Ac
companying Her to Her Homo
on Hyde Streat.
A daring robbery was committed by
two men upon a young woman at an early
hour yesterday morning on Van Ness
avenue and Market street. One of the
men is under arrest, and detectives are
scouring the city for the other one.
The victim of the robbery is Miss Annie
B. Kedon, 4 Hyde street. Shortly before
2 o'clock yesterday morning Policemen
Harrison and Ward heard a woman's
screams coming from the direction of j
Market and Van Ness, and they both ran
In that direction. They saw Miss Kedon
standing on the sidewalk and declaring
that she had been robbed. She pointed
to a man who was running along Oak
Street as one of the men who robbed
her. They gave chase, and after running
three or four blocks they shouted that if
the fugitive did not stop they would use
their revolvers. He continued his flight,
and Harrison threw his club at him and
hit him on the back. This had the ef
fect of bringing him to a stop, and he
was quickly handcuffed and taken back
to Miss Kedon. The officers went with
their prisoner and Miss Kedon to Cap
tain Spillane, and abe told her story.
She said she met W. H. Whipple, an
acquaintance, at Golden Gate avenue and
Hyde streets about 9 o'clock Saturday
night, and they had a walk, stopping at
MoCormick's grocery store, on Market
and Fell streets, where they had a few
drinks.
After leaving there they went to a
saloon on the corner of Market and
Cough streets, where they had several
other drinks, and she was introduced to
J. W. Turton. the man arrested. Accom
panied by Whipple and Turton she left
the saloon to go home, between 1 and 2
o'clock, and when they reached Market
street and Van Ness avenue, Tur
ton, Fhe said, forcibly took from
the breast of her dress a purse
containing $60, a small purse containing
25 cents and her silver w T atch. Then she
screamed, and Whipple and Turton ran
away. She also had her bank book in
the breast of her dress and an important ;
letter. The bank book was not touched,
but the letter was stolen. She refused to
give any information as to the contents
of the letter.
The police found the small purse con
taining 25 cents, but the purse with th«
$60, the watch and the letter are still
mlgalny. and the supposition is that
Whipple has them. The small purse had
been thrown away.
Turton is employed at the Union Iron
Works, and WhipplP is a waiter in the
Union Hotel, on Turk and Webster
streets. Turton was booked on a charge
of robbery.
Miss Kedon'a father for years kept a
hardware store on Clay street, between
Davis and East streets, and when he died
be left a comfortable estate for his two
children, a son and daughter. The son ;
was killed a few years ago.
REPRESENTATIVE
SIMPKINS DEAD
Heart Failure Causes the Pass
ing of the Young Con
gressman.
Was a Harvard Graduate and a
Man of Independent
Fortune.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Ripes House,
Washington, Alarch 27.
Representative John Simpkins of the
Thirteenth District of Massachusetts died
last night at his residence in this city,
1717 X street, of heart failure Induced by
gastric complications. On last Tuesday
he complained of having caught a cold
and later of stomach trouble. He was
quite ill for a time, but yesterday morn
ing was much better. Later in the day
he grew weaker, and at 10 o'clock passed
Arrangements as to the funeral cannot
be made until the arrival of the members
of his family. Mrs. Bacon is in New
York Mrs. Thayer is in Boston and Miss
Mabel Simpkins is in Florida. They are
all expected to be in the city by Tuesday
morning.
Representative Slmpkina was a man of
Independent fortune. lie was born in
New Bedford, Mass.. on June 27, 1562; at
tended the public schools of Yarmouth,
and after preparing for college at St.
Mark's School, Southboro, graduated at
Jlirvard University in ISS3. He served in
the Massachusetts Legislature in IS9O and |
1891 was a Presidential elector for Har
rison and Reed in IMS, president of the
Republican Club of Massachusetts in 1892
and 1893. and a member of the Massa
chusetts Republican State Committee in
1893-94 He served in the fifty-fourth and
fifty-fifth Congresses, where he was
known to his colleagues as a man faith
ful to the Interests of his constituents,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-fffi >i s999HfliHHiiHfliHflB&B^i9BBflCGKfl}QE^Hßßß EQUBSt?
■ ' "* ■ ■ - '"*
Daily
At the rising; of the
sun,
A cup of Ghirar-
dellVs Cocoa, . " ;
And the day is well :*: *[ '\\ [
begun. - .
although rarely taking part In debate.
Mr. Slmpkins had recently been made a
member of the Congressional Committee.
SAN JOSE'S DOG SHOW.
Hundreds of Aristocratic Canines
Will Be Exhibited.
SAN JOSE, March 27.— Hundreds of '
aristocratic canines will hold a grand j
pow-wow at the kennel show of the Santa j
Clara Valley Poultry and Kennel Club, ;
which opens at Turn Vereln Hall next ;
Wednesday. Prize-winners from all over j
the coast have been entered, and the ag
gregation will be the finest exhibit' of ;
thoroughbred dogs ever made in the j
West. Fanciers from different points
will be present.
Professor Martin's troop of trained dogs
will give a performance every afternoon '■
and evening. Among these are the dogs i
Corbett and Fitzsimmons, who appear in
a boxing contest. This attraction has |
been added for the benefit of children and |
others not interested in thoroughbreds.
The benching of the show this year
will be superior to that generally used at 1
doi? shows. Spr.itt's patent kennels have j
been secured. These are of wire with no
sides to obstruct the view. J. C. Berret i
will have charge of the animals, and
shippers from afar need have no fear of
their dogs not receiving the best of care.
C. D. Navin, the noted dog-fancier of
P.allston, Or., will judge all classes. The
judging will begin at the opening of the
show und continue until all the dogs have
been tagged.
A feature of the show will be the fine
display of Scotch collies. Those have
been secured through the California Club,
which gives its first annual exhibit in
connection with thf Santa Clara Club
this year. Mrs. I'helo Hearst has en
tered her kennels of collies. The entries
of St. Bernards, mastiffs and greyhounds
are unusually large and fine.
J. P. Atkins of Alameda will exhibit the
only English whippet in California. The
dog— Fox— was imported from England,
and is valued at $1000. Whippets are a
species of small greyhound, with wonder
ful running Qualities, and are raced like
horses In England.
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES.
ABC Wins the Final Race of the
Sunday Stake.
LOS ANGELES. March 27.— As usuaJ, \
coursing was the attraction at Agricult- :
ural Park to-day, and a large crowd was
In attendance. Only a few of the favor
ites were entered, but there were a large
number of new dogs In the field. Van
Brulle and imported Van Speeda, which
have been running at Ingleside and .
Urnon Park, have been bought by a Los
Angeles man. Van Brulle appeared to
day, but was evidently not in good shape,
for she was beaten by one of the local
dogs which has risen rapidly in public
favor recently. The summary follows:
Uun-offs— Tiger beat Little Dell a bye; Sor
ceresg beat Ebony Queen a bye; Snooze beat
Sandow; Aliso beat Winona; Don Caster beat
Tip Steadman; Kitty Scott beat Pope; Take a
Chance beat White Chief a bye; Homer beat
Topsy: Lady Wallace beat Shamrock; ABC
beat Can-Can; Ormonde beat High Ball; Blue
Bird beat Cyclone a bye; See-Saw beat Lady
Singer; Jack I beat Bowery Boy; D V. H beat
Van Brulle after a tlt»: cyclone beat Ramon.
First ties — Tiger boat Sorceress; Snooze beat
Aliso; Kitty Scott boat Don Caster after a tie;
Homer beat Take a Chance; ABC beat Lady
Wallace; Blue Bird beat Ormonde; See-Saw
beat Jack I; Cyclone beat D V H.
Second ties— Snooze beat Tiger after a tie;
Kitty Scott boat Homer; A B C beat Blue
Bird; Cyclone beat See-Saw.
Third ties— Snooze beat Kitty Scott; ABC
beat Cyclone.
Final— A B C boat Snooze. Snoore took sec
ond and Cyclone third money.
A match between Van Speeda and Pope
was won by Van Rpeeda.
Oil Strike at Coalinga.
FRESNO, March 27.— The report comes
from the Coalinga oil fields In this coun
ty to-day that the biggest "gusher" of
all has been struck. The dally flow is es
timated at 300 barels.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ALASKA
EXPLORATION
COMPANY,
Under the management of H. LIEBES &
COMPANY.
Engaged In the Alaska trade for the past i
thirty-five years.
THROUGH STEAMER LINE
TO DAWSON
IN 25 BAYS!
Th« Al, Elegant and Commodious Iron Ocean
Steamer, .
LEELANAW,
Capacity, 3000 tons, with
FIRST-CLASS PASSENGER ACCOMMO- !
DATIONS ONLY,
Will leave San Francisco about June 1. with j
through passengers for St. Michael, where i
transfer will be made to the company's
Large and Significant River Steamers
For all points on the Yukon River and Daw- i
• ... — eon City direct.
Fitted with ELECTRIC LIGHTS. STEAM I
STEERING GEAR, .the ■ most powerful en- j
gines EVER placed In such VESSELS, and all I
the latest improvements for
SAFETY, SPEED AND COMFORT.
PASSENGER RATES!
San Francisco to Dawson, $300, 150 lbs of bag-
gage free.
Round trip tickets at reduced rate.
FREIGHT RATE— IO cents per pound.
Orders Issued at the Company's San Fran-
cisco office for the purchase, of provisions and
other supplies, to be delivered at any of its
stations in Alaska or Northwest Territory.
Letters of Credit issued payable at any of it*
Alaska, stations; prompt attention given to all
commissions; general parcel and transfer ex-
press. t
For reservations apply at once to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY. •
139 POST STREET.
Or H. LIEBES k CO.,
133-137 POST STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
B 20 Ret .83
IS THE PROPER DISTANCE:
at WrftH a HORMAL EYE should clearly
DISTINGUISH LETTERS 3 /aofAH iHCH LOHG.
CALL aho HAVE y°UR EYES TESTED
*S* FREE «f CHARGE:. -i\r "
642 MARKET ST.
UMDtH C-HRPN'CLE BUILDING.
AMUSEMENTS.
pacifiTcoas^^ CLUB
(Ingleslde Track.)
Racing From Monday, March 21, to >
Saturday, April 2, inclusive,
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine. .
First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. It. R. TRAINS 12:45 and 1:15 P. M.
DAILY. :. / -■■;.•
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning Immediately after the
races. _ .""-■ ''■"■ ■'■■'
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny and Mission street cars every three
minutes, direct to track without change. Flll-
more-street cars transfer each way/ , :
S. N. ANDROL'S, President. •
. V. H. GREEN, Secretary.
Of "V MDT A '"' Corner of Mrson anJ ;''::>
UL,linr-lA- Eddy Streets. \ ...
America's most beautiful music hall.. Great-
est free bill in the world. MAE TUNISON,
operatic selections : ' DOLLY PAXTON, ballad-
ist; the 3 ALBION'S, grotesque comedians:
ZANFRELLA & WALSH, ' porch artists, and
ten others. House Heated. ; Admission free. :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ILLS OF WOMM
And How Mrs. Pinkham Helps
Overcome Them.
Mrs. Mary Boixix ger, 1101 Marianna
St., Chicago, 111., to Mrs. Pinkham:
"I have been troubled for the past
two years with falling of the womb,
leucorrhoea, pains over my body, sick
headaches, backache, nervousness and
weakness. I tried doctors and various
remedies without relief. After taking
two bottles of your Vegetable Com-
pound, the relief I obtained was truly
j wonderful. I have now taken several
I more bottles of your famous medicine,
; and can say that I am entirely cured.'*
Mrs. llexey Dorr, No. 806 Findley St.,
; Cincinnati, Ohio, to Mrs. Pinkham :
" For a long time I suffered with
chronic inflammation of the womb,
pain in abdomen and bearing-down,
feeling. Was very nervous at times, and
so weak I was hardly able to do any-
thing. Was subject to headaches, also
troubled with leucorrhaea. After doc-
toring for many months with different
physicians, and getting no relief, I had
given up all hope of being well
again when I read of the great good
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound was doing. I decided immedi-
ately to give it a trial. The result was
simply pastr belief. After taking four
bottles of Vegetable Compound and
using three packages of Sanative Wash
I can say I feel like a new woman. I
deem it my duty to announce the fact
to my fellow sufferers that Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable remedies have
entirely cured me of all my pains and
suffering. I have her alone to thank
for my recovery, for which I am grate-
ful. May heaven bless her for tho
good work she is doing for our sex."
AMUSEMENTS. '
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— FIRST TIME.
Great Triple Attraction. Beautiful, Bewitch*
Ing. Bewildering
AININ A HELD.
The Comedy Success,
**/\ G/\Y DECEIVER,"
And the Great Chinese Drama,
THE CAT AND THE CHERUB.
Coming- I 'A STRANGER IN NEW YORK."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK,
JAMBS J. CORBETT
And His Admirable Dramatic Company
In Charles T. Vincent's Comedy Drama,
f\ NAVAL CADET.
The Entire New York Academy of Muilo
Production.
Next Monday — JAMES A. HERNB In
•SHORE ACRES."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT,
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE Y. M. 1.,
F. MARION CRAWFORD,
The Greatest of Living American Novelists.
Subject: "Pope Leo XIII in the Vatican."
Tuesday Evening— 'The Original Mr. Isaacs
Early Newspaper Experiences in India. '
Wednesday Matinee — "Italian Home Life In
the Middle Ases."
Reserved Seats . COc. Tse and $1
Next Sunday— "A JAY IN NEW YORK."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Revival of the Great Moral Melodrama,
TEN NIGHTS
IN A BARROOM !
Reappearance of
HARRY NAINBALL as JOE MORGAN.
The Infant Prodigy, LA PETITE LUND, as
..•'LITTLE MARY."
Special New Scenery and Effects.
Brilliant New Comedy and Specialties.
Evening Prices. 10c, 25c, We. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday.
14— NEW VAUDEVILLE HIGH FLYERS—
The FIVE WHIRLWINDS, Arabian Acro-
batic Wonders: WATSON. HUTCHINS and
EDWARDS, German Comedy Stars; MONT-
GOMERY and STONE, black-face comedy; the
GLISANDOS, musical Clowns; GEORGE H.
WOOD. .Comedian: CARRIE SCOTT, Singing
Soubrette: McCALL and McDANIELS, ATHA3
and COLLINS and CHARLES T. ELLIS and
Company.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
SIRS. Ernestine Kkeling. Proprietor & Mauaga?
THIS EVENINGI
THE LAUGHING TRIUMPH.
The Most Successful of Musical Comedies,
"THE WIDOW O'BRIEN"
THREE HOURS OF FUN.
BRIGHT! BREEZY! BRILLIANT!
NEW SONGS — DANCES — SKITS — NEW.
Popular Prices 26c and 809
No Telephone Orders Received.
ALCAZAR 6EAT p s hß£ c
THE ONLY FUN IN TOWN.
TO-NIGHT.
The Farcical London and New York Hit,
THE MUMMY!
A Laugh at Every Line.
Novel Stage and Scenic EfTecti.
Original Prices 15c, 25c. 35c, 600
I This Famous Painter's Marvel I
I ous Sunlight Picture, •
"Interieur de Ferme'* !
\ (Farmhouse Interior), 1
1 A companion piece to "Th« ■
\ Blacksmith," on view free of M
1 charge, beginning m
\ Monday, March 28th* /
THE LARGEST BEAR EVER CAGED
IS AT THE
- - - ZOO - - -
IN THE CHUTES.
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITY!
Last Week of Captain Cardono's Group of
Trained Lions— The Most Thrilling
Animal Act Extant.
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11 p. m.
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.: Children, 6c.
[ CHIQUITA receives afternoon* and •veolnga.
78
NEWS OF THE
REGULAR ARMY
An Air of Activity Per
vades All the
Posts.
Officers Changed About With
Surprising Celer
ity.
Thos« Who Will Be In Line Tor Pro
motion at tho Next
Change.
lieutenant-Colonel W. D. Wolveitra,
chief surgeon of the Department of the
Columbia, stationed at Vancouver Bar
racks. Wash., was a visitor in San Fran-
Cisco the past week.
First Lieutenant John R. Williams. Bat
tery D, Third Artillery. San Diego Bar
racks at present absent on duty as mili
tary attache at Berne. Switzerland, has
been ordered to report by letter without
delay to Colonel Royal T. Frank, First
Artillery, president of the examining
board appointed to meet at Fort Monroe;
Va., Cor instructions relating to his ex
amination for promotion.
Second Lieutenant Robert Field. Four
teenth Infantry, has been relieved from
duty at Vancouver Barracks, "Wash., and
ordered to report to Captain Bogardus
Eldridge for duty in Alaska, Lieutenant
Field is a son of Major Edward Field,
artillery Inspector for the Department of
California-
First Lieutenant Thomas H. blavens,
Fourth Cavalry, has been relieved from
duty at the United States Infantry and
Cavalry School at Fort Leavenivorth,
Kan., to take effect September l, 1898,
when he will rejoin his troop.
First Lieutenant E. A. Millar, Third
Artillery, has been relieved from staff
duties at Fort Canby, Wash., and directed
to proceed to Fort Stevens, Or., In com
mand of a detachment of twenty enlisted
men of Batter} M. for duty in caring for
the modern armament at that station,
which for the present will be regarded as
a sub-post of Fort ( :anby.
Second Lieutenant William S. McNair,
Battery G, Third Artillery, arrived at the
Presidio last Thursday from Angel Island
and relieved First Lieutenant Charles T.
Menoher, Third Artillery, of the duties
as ordnance officer of the Presidio, Fort
Winfield Scott and Fort Baker. Lieuten
ant Menoher hu.s been ordered to Fort
Mcl [ear; . .Yld., and will probably be ap
pointed adjutant of the new Sixth Regi
ment of Artillery: : ";' -'^
First Lieutenant John A. Lock wood,
Troop C, Fourth Cavalry, Presidio, who
is absent on college duty In West Vir
ginia, has been ordered before an ex
amining beard appointed to meet at Fort
Meyer, Va., for promotion. Colonel
Samuel S. Sunnier. Sixth Cavalry, is pres
ident of the board.
First Lieutenant W. S. Biddle Jr., Four
teenth Infantry, and Mrs. Blddle, who has
been on leave of absence from the Van
couver Barracks. Wash., most of which
was passed at Yokohama, Japan, visited
the Presidio last week.
The order directing Major William C.
Shannon, surgeon U. S. Army, to appear
before a retiring board at the Presidio
upon the expiration of his sick leave of
absence has been revoked. At the time
specified he will report to Lieutenant-
Colonel John H. Patterson, president of
the retiring board at Omaha, Neb.
During the absence of Colonel James M.
Moore, assistant quartermaster-general
and chief quartermaster. Department of
California, Captain Oscar F. Long,
assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, is
performing the duties of chief quarter
master.
First Lieutenant John D. Barrette,
Light Battery C. Third Artillery, and
First Lieutenant Charles D. Palmer,
Light Battery F, Third Artillery, sta
tioned at the Presidio, have received tele
graphic instruction to proceed East for
duty with the new regiments of artillery.
Lieutenant Barrette goes to Fort Slocum,
N. V.. tor duty with the Seventh, and j
Lieutenant Palmer goes to Fort McHenry,
Jld., for duty with the Sixth.
Lieutenant W. W. Galbraith, Fifth Ar
tillery, who has been visiting San Fran
cisco for the past two weeks, left last
Wednesday for New York City.
Private Richard H. Mcßeynolds, Troop
H, Fourth Cavalry, has been transferred
to Troop G of the same regiment.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Rudolph Heller, ordnance detachment now
at Benicia Arsenal, is. upon his own ap
plication transferred to West Point, N. V.
Recent orders from Washington direct
the discharge of Sergeant William Hark,
Troop I, Fourth Cavalry, stationed at the
Presidio.
Private John Monaghan. Company C,
1-lrst Infantry. Presidio, has been sent
under charge of a hospital steward and
one assistant, to Washington for admis
sion to the Government Hospital for tho
Insane.
Orders win be Issued shortly from
Washington for the examination "for pro
motion of twenty-one sergeants to the
(rade of commissary sergeants.
By direction of the Secretary of War
Private Brantley K. Rhelm, "Troop G.
Fourth Cavalry, has been discharged
from the service of the United States.
Should the bill for the better organiza
tion of the line of army pass Congress,
the following First Infantry officers will
receive promotions: Captain William K.
Dougherty. Company < ', Presidio, now
acting Indian agent at the Eioopa Valley
Agency, to be major; First Lieutenant
Lewis A. Strother, Company D, Presidio,
aid to Major-General Merrltt, to be cap
tain; Second Lieutenant Harry A. Smith.
Company A, Presidio, absent on duty
'«vith the National Guard of Kansas, to be
first lieutenant; Second Lieutenant
Jacques de L. Lafette, Company I, Pre
sidio, absent on duty with the National
Guard of Louisiana, to be first lieutenant.
Saturday afternoon the soldiers defeat
ed the Wanderers in a game of associa
tion football on the Presidio grounds by
a score of 2 to 1.
Lieutenant James Franklin Bell, Sev
enth Cavalry, is stopping over for a few
days in San Francisco while en route to
his new station at Vancouver Barrtuks,
Wash. Lieutenant Bell has been de
tailed as judge advocate of the Depart
ment of Columbia.
FRATERNAL
SOCIETIES.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
It is announced that three new tribes
■will soon be instituted.
Great Senior Sagamore Collins ar.d a
number of chiefs and representatives of
many of the local tribes paid a visit to
Gray Eagle Tribe in Oakland last week
and witnessed an exemplification of the
adoption degree. There were at least 100
visitors present, and after the work there
•was a feast of corn and venison.
Deputy Grand Sachem E. B. Swan and
a team composed of members of Modoc
and Miantonomah Tribes conferred the
adoption degree on two pale faces who
are prominent in military circles !r. the
wigwam of Althnmas Tribe last week.
The candidates expressed themselves as
exceedingly well pleased.
To-night Oaceola Tribe wiU adopt
thirty-one pale frees. This v.Mii makt- an
increase of membership of sixty-four in
this tribe in the pant eight months.
There will be a district meeting of the
members of Tribes 61 and 71 on April 4.
There is to be a meeting of delegates
from all the local tribes to make arrange
ments for a grand parade to be had on
the Fourth of July in conjunction with
the civic parade to be held that day. As
this is the jubilee year of the order it
Is expected that there will be at least
1000 Red Men In line.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
Pocahontas Council will give its month
ly social In St. George's Hall to-morrow
night and the committee announces that
a good time is assured to all who will at
tend.
Last Wednesday Great Pocahontas Mrs.
Lovie, accompanied by Miss Mabel Cur- |
tls P G. P.; Mrs. Annie E. Bishop, G.
G. of W. ; Miss Maude Josselyn, Poca
hontas of Council No. 3, and delegates
from other councils, paid a visit to Ma
tokah Council, and they witnessed the
adoption of one candidate according to the
new ritual.
On Friday the great Pocahontas, ac
companied by C. F. Burgman, great chief
of records. Miss Curtis, P. G. P.. Miss
Maude Josselyn of Council No. 3, Deputy
Great Sachem W. J. Robinson. Mrs. Hat
field, past Pocahontas, and Past Sachems
M. Lclssen, M. Henry F. An3on and A.
J. Hatiield, visited Yosemite Council,
where they witnessed a line exemplifica
tion of the row work
The Daughters of Montezuma will give
a crabapple social to-night.
THE JUNIOR ORDER.
At the annual session of the State
Council, recently held in Los Angeles, the
per capita t,ax was fixed at 88 cents, and
it was decided that each council shall
pay that tax for its honorary members.
Councils that are instituted within six
weeks of the close of the quarter shall
be exempt from that quarter's tax. Char
ters were granted to six new councils in
btltuted during the year. The initiation
fee was fixed at not less than $5 after
January, 1899. The State Council decided
to Incorporate under the laws of this
State. The reports of the several State
officers show an increase in membership
and finance and the order in good con
dition. It was decided to discontinue the
election of all minor officers for the State
Council after next year, and to appoini
them only at and for the session. The
next session will be held In San Jose, and
after that sessions will be held in San
Francisco.
The following named are the ofneers for
the current year: M. H. Bellinger of
Los Angeles. S. C; F. A. Tibbits of San
Francisco, V. C; George E. Terry of San
Francisco, secretary; C. N. Wilson of
Los Angeles, T.; C. O. Brown of Re
flondo conductor; Gcorpre Moenning of
Berkeley, W.; C. C. Cook, chaplain; E.
Katzenstein of Newcastle, I. S.; G. T.
Palmer of San Francisco, O. S. ; and J. F.
Burns of Los Angeles, national represen
tative.
DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY.
Martha Washington Lodge celebrated
its third anniversary on last Friday nb?ht
by an at-home in Laurel Hall, in the
Shiels building. There was a large at
ri.ee. All present had a most enjoy
able time and the dance programme was
the delight of the young folks.
THE DRUIDS.
Perseverance Grove is still "-alning In
membership. During the past week it
conferred the degrees on a number of
candidates. Aurora Grove conferred the
degrees on four candidates and San Fran
cisco Grove received an application.
The visit by the grand officers to Al
pine Grove has been postponed until the
sth of May.
Noble (irand Arch Goller and Grand
Secretary Graves during the past week
1 Tomaies Grove. Frederick Seigr
Grove at Occidental. Nfcaslo Grove and
Olema Grove. At each place they were
met by a large attendance of the mem
:\nd the oftk-ers of each grove ex
emplified the work in a manner that was
endable. At each place of meeting
there were addresses and the visitors
v re well er.terta.ined. On the occasion
of the visit to Tomaies Grove there were
!' Mir initiations and the receipt of live
applications.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Last Monday evening the members of
Lincoln Lodge No. 2, F. of F., gave what
leslgnated as "a character and hard
times party" in Washington Hall. There
\v:is a good attendance, good music and
many handsome young ladies and gentle
men, who greatly enjoyed the rrogramme
of dances that ha- been prepared by
Mesdames BlarUall, Trenell, Waldo, Gin
gles and Howard, and Misses Poetz and
Mayers, the committee on entertainment.
While it was denominated "a hard times
party," the many handsome costumes
that were worn "by those in character,
particularly those who appeared as gei
shas and gypsies, contradicted that term,
for in hard times such handsome cos
tumes are not in vogue. The gypsy camp
was a decide^ feature of the entertain
ment.
Pioneer Lodge has completed all its
arrangements for the cascarone party,
which is to be triven in St. George's Hall
on the "Oth inst. This lodge at its last
held meeting had an initiation and re
ceived two propositions.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
On Thursday there will be a meeting in
St. James Parish for the purpose of tak
ing steps to organize a council.
During the week the grand president
will announce a new list of official visits.
The Board of Management has under
consideration a proposition for a grand
picnic and it meets favor on all sides.
SEVEN PINES CIRCLE.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the G.
A. R., at its last held meeting adopted
a resolution "That the hundreds of patri
otic women of Seven Pines Circle, in the
event of war, will urge and encourage
the enlistment of men to preserve the
honor and the dignity of the nation; and
that we desire to perform any service and
render every aid within the power and
province of women to uphold the nation's
chief executive, and sustain the action
of our Government under any and all
situations of peril." A copy of the reso
lutions and the preamble that preceded
it were sent to President MoKinley.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE, O. B. A.
The following officers of Golden Gate
Lodge, O. B. A., have been installed for
the ensuing term: M. Luberman, ex-P. ;
M. Raphael, P.: R. Singalowitz, V. P.; B.
H^rzberg. R. S.; J. Kallman. F. S.; M.
Galick, T. ; M. Debow, O. G.; A. Zinaman,
J. Brown and S. Oberman, trustees.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Margaret Irvine to Albert Plssis, lot on NE
corner of Polk and Pine streets, N 20 by E
62:6; $10.
George "Walsh to Statia Denny (Walsh), lot
on W line of Scott street, 52:SH N or Sacra
mento, X 25 by W 81:3; also all interest in
Probate Nos 18,061 and 18,359, estates of Mary
and Joseph Walsh, warranty deed; $1.
John Walsh, same, Fame; $10.
Charles and Maude C. Walsh to James
Walsh, lot on W line of Scott street, 52:8*4 N
of Sacramento, N 25 by W 81:3: $5.
Albrt Meyer to Nathaniel T. Coulson, Jot on
S line of Jefferson street, 62:6 W of Broderick
W 75, S 137:6, E 137:6. N 25, W 62:6, N 112:6; $10.
Samuel and Ida Heringhi to Security Loan
Association, lot on E line of Hartford street,
247 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by is 123; $10.
Elizabeth White to Frank E. White, lot on
NE corner of Ocean road and Douglass street,
N 68, E 130, S 53:6. W 130.088; $10.
Theodore Neimeier to Charles C. Levy, lot
on E line of Larkin street, 25 N of Vallejo,
N 24:6 by E 110; $10.
Franz E. V. Slebrecht to Pauline Siebrecht,
lon on N line of Vallejo street. 110 E of Lar
kin. E 83:6, N 62:6, W 56, .N 75, W 27:6. S 137:6;
gift.
Same to same, same; $7000.
City and County of San Francisco to W. A.
rtray and Jane E. Requa, re-record of 815 d.
205, on N line of Brannan street. 200 E of
Sixth, E 75 by N 110; $1.
W. A. Bray, John F. McCauley and Jane E.
Requa (executors of the estate of Jchn Requa)
to Robert T. Bunker, re-record of 815 d. 212,
same ; $8600.
Samual Davis to John Stance, lot on E line
of Rhode Island street, 350 N of Nevada, N 25
by )■: 106; $10.
Mary A. Henderson to Henry EL Relgle and
Walter S. Jamleson. lot on W line of Twenty
seventh avenue, 125 N of C lement street, N
259:3, S SI deg., W 120:7, S 247:2. E 120; $10.
L. G. and Maria L. Young and Oakland Iron
Works (by .1. A. Weston, commissioner) to
Lucy M. Reilly (wife of M. J.). lot on N line
of Twenty-seventh (extended) and E Stanyan
avenue, N 210, E 1118.823. S 9 deg 30 rnln., E
212. W to beginning, fractional block 33, Stan
ford Heights; $700.
Minna and Albert F. Roberts to C. M. Woos
ter, lot on N line of Montana street, 390 E of
Orizaba, N 125 by E 50; $10.
Alameda County.
James and Julia Holland to John Oram, lot
4. block 49. Oakland, ■to correct 391 d 274 (quit
claim deed); XL
Thomas A. Russell to William L. Russell,
lot on N line of West Fifth street, 75 E of
Lewis, E 23 by N 100, being lot 4, block B.
Bay View Homestead, Oakland; $1.
Mary A. Malline to Jens C. Hansen. lot on
BE corner- of Oak and -Seventh streets, E 75
by S 25, block 133, Dillon property, Oakland;
$10.
N. Hennicker to Clotilda S. Hlnsley, lot on
N line of Bay place, 193 E of Webster street,
E 100, N 237:!». W 51:7, S 51:7Vi. W 51:7, S 211:8
to beginning. Oakland; SlO.
John W. Brewer to George V. Leland, lot on
E line of Edith street, 76 S of Cedar, S 40
by E 100, being lot 14, block. A, Edith Tract,
Berkeley; $300.
W. A. and Millie A. Bpscow to Frederick
and I Annie M. Esty, lot on S line of Haste
street. ISO E of Grove, E 50 by S 135. being lot
15, block 6, • Barker Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Emanuel and Therese Lewis ■to Georglannie
A. Hubie. lot on NW line of Twenty-third ave
nue, 36 SW of East Twenty-third street, SW 36
by NW 118.35. block B. subdivision ;of Heald
Twenty-third-avenue Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Charles H. and Wilhelmlrie Llndermann to
Wilhelmine C. Llndermann, lot on W line of
Eighth street, 208:8% S of Santa Clara avenue,
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1898.
S 75 by W 140. being a portion of Aughlnbaugh
225-acre Tract, Alameda; $10. __
Anna B. and Francis H. rotndexter to Theo
dore Polndexter, lot on W line of Chapin street,
125 N of Pacific avenue, N 75 by \\ 110. being
a- portion of block 4. Chapin Tract, Alameda
(subject to deed of trust); $10.
George T. and Sophia L. Wright to Ann
Brooke Wright, lot on SW corner of Clement
avenue and StandTord street, W l..S:t> by b 80,
block I, lands adjacent to Encinal; also lot on
W line of Stnndford street, 115 S of Clement
avenue. B 25 by W 138:6. block 2, same (This
deed Is given to correct spelling of the name of
Standford street, which was erroneously spelled
Stanford In formor deed); ?10.
George C. Stanley. W. P. Uartlett, J. Water
man and Emil C.reeneb3ii:n to George Bram
raar, lota 11 and 12. block 13, town of Liver
more, Murray Township (quit-claim deed); $».
E A Thompson to Beona H. Thompson, lot
on SE corner of Henton and McOall streets, E
50 by S 116.50, being lot 32, resubdivlsion of
block A, Urumaglin Tract, Oakland annex;
gift
Peter and Sarah J. Conaty to Otis C. Bryan,
re-record 620 d 471, lot on N line of Berkeley
way, 100 W of Sherman street. W f.O by N 125,
being a portion of range 1. Hardy Tract. Berke
ley (subject to deed of trust for $1000) $10.
Pacific Coast Ix>an Association to Cecil C.
Dennis, lot on W line of Grand street, 40 S
of Sa/ita Clara avenue. S 1W by W 150, block
11, town cf Encinal, Alameda; $10.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal ■
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- _^%_
ING. R. A. degree. J&Sj\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. f y V ry
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. «
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1539 Fill- m^\ m
more St.— Third degree THIS (MON- jZjZ
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. By 'XT >
order of the Master. HARRY BAEHR,
Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and li
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (MON- _»"*_
DAY) EVENING. at 7:30 o'clock. ICjK
Third Degree. By order of the W. M. ' *r '
G. W. ROOT, Secretary.
GERMANIA Lodge No. 116, I. O. <s^^f>.
O. F.— officers and members ■=a2S?SS&
of the Funeral Committee of Ger- vS^Jvfer-'
mania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. "WW*»
F.. are hereby notllled to assemble at the
Odd Fellows' Hall, corner of Market and
Seventh streets, on MONDAY, March 28. IS9S,
at 1 o'clock p. m., to attend the funeral of
our late brother, HENRY J. WESSLING.
By order of the lodge.
LEOPOLD M. FABRY, N. G.
EMIL NIEMEIER. Recording Secretary.
PARKER Lodge No. 121, I. O. O.
F.— Election of Grand Lodge rep- -ixJSSSSEr
resentatlves March 29, 1893.
J. A. WELLS, N. G. '-^VilV^
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Members . Wv.
are requested to attend a reception^, \MJjj
to the president on his return from "ikx-Ivj?
the East, MONDAY EVENING, V=£JST
March 2S, in Scottish Hall, 111 Larkin st.
JAMES S. WEBSTER. President.
A. C. BALLING ALL. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING-.Tho regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company. 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 2Sth day
of March. IS9S. at the hour of 12 m.,
for tho purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
IS, IS9S, at 12 o'clock m.
ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from William Nolden and C.
Kaber, In the Aureole mine, near Oleta,
Amador County, to deposit tailings in Dead-
man Creek, and from George Beattie, In the
Beattie mine at Georgia Slide. El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings behind the dam
of the Gold Bug mine in Canyon Creek, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
E!<, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
April 11. ISSS. at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ST.^GEOROE Halls, 317 Mason St., halls Tor
dances, lodges, $2 50 to $10 per night: special
terms steady tenants. BULLEN & KEMLINE
CABINET baths a specialty; hours 8 a. m. to
I 5 p. m., and 8 p. in. to 10:80; room 15. 1035
Market St.
WANTED— lnformation of JOSEPH STEIG-
LER. Left New York 20 yeaxs ago. Address
box 2665, Call office.
j MRS. BLAIR and assistant, massage and al-
| cohol bath.s. 863 Mission st.. parlors 17 and 18.
MISS BERTHA TROY, from Chicago. Turkish
; baths, massage. 1015 Market St., r. IT. 3d floor.
i LOTTA DAVIS, genuine massage baths and
manicuring. 11l Geary St., room 1.
MISS LILLIE STANLEY, manicuring and
alcohol baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-3.
i BLIND merchant returned; stand Sixth and
Market sts. Please remember yours truly,
DRUMM.
I ANIMALS. bird 3 and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK C. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
i BAD tenants ejected for U: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
i RITTA BLACK, genuine massage; manicure;
magnetic treatment. 223 Post Et., room 3.
MISS R. CLEVELAND and assistant, baths,
massage. 21' Grant aye., room 5.
ALVINK HALT, anrl assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15V* Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS SUZANNE, from Paris, manicure and
cabinet baths. 140 Eddy st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office 10, lIS Grant aye.
MRS. SHELDON, genuine steam cabinet
baths. 9 Ellis St., second floor, room 22.
MMX. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor at.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary 6t., room 11.
DIVIDEND ISOTiC.fcS.
l DIVIDEND No. 79 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1. ISSS. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. March 26. 189S, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS A'ANTKD— FEMALE.
A NO. 1 German cook, best of city reference,
desires a Situation in private family or re-
sort. J. F. I'ROSETT <V- '■'>.. ?,\6 Sutler st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, understands her work in
all its branches: also second girl, good wait-
ress, wishes situation together, city or coun-
try. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
NEAT houseg-irl wishes situation, good cook
and laundress; $ir> to $20; city or country.
MRS. NORTON. .123 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
COMPETENT Infant's nurse desires situation;
5 years last place. MISS CI'LLEN. 325 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS Swedllta cook desires situation;
understands all branches of cooking; best ref-
erences; city or country. MISS CULLEN,
32. r , Kutter .st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do upstairs
work. Apply at 2965 Sacramento St., near
Broderick.
COMPETENT seamstress and chambermaid
wishes a situation; will take care of children
or do second work; city or country; good ref-
erence. 1C24 Howard st.
GERMAN competent cook wants position in
private family; city or country. 9 Howard
court, off Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
WANTED— General housework In city or coun-
try by good middle-aged woman. 126 Fourth
St., room 9.
SCHOOLGIRL wants work In small family for
a home; Oakland preferred. Address box
2667, Call office.
WANTED— General housework and plain cook-
ing i.y k 1 German girl. Call at 1808 Post.
CAPABLE woman wants a position as hou.~<-
keeper and seamstress in a hotel or a wealthy
family, or matron in some institution; can
make herself nsnerally useful in a family;
no objection to a hotel in the country; will
furnish the very best of references. Call or
address MISS BOLTESCHOOL, 231s Cali-
fornia st.
WELL educated lady from Europe, speaking
German and French fluently, also musical,
desires position as useful companion to a
lady or to take charge of children; moderate
salary; highest references; would travel. Ad-
dress box 2629, Call office.
WANTED— By an experienced middle-aged
woman, a position as housekeeper in a coun-
try hotel or institution; references. Box 2641
Call office.
LADY desires a position as housekeeper or
would accept chamber work. Call or address
MRP. MANNING. 025 Fourth hi.
YOUNG lady would Ilk.- ofßtie work 3 or 4
hours daily. Address box 2631, Call office.
YOUNG Austrian girl wishes situation to do
housework. Address MARY SPELKO, 75
Clementina St.
WANTED— Position as chambermaid or house-
keeper. Cail or address 310 Sixth fit.
Sl'i CATIOH S WAX - ED-t'ontlnned.
SWEDISH girl wishes place for second work
and waiting; good waitress and plain sewing;
private family. Address box 2570, Call office.
SWEDISH woman wishes situation as house-
keeper where she can have her child With
her; city or country. 439 Jessie st.
STRONG young German girl wants situation
In American family to do housework and
cooking. 423 Second st.
POSITION as chambermaid in country resort
or hotel. Box 2600, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to take charg,e
of a camp for prospectors going to Alaska;
wages no object. Address 212 Turk St.. r. IS.
LADY wants plain sewing, shirt?, sheets, table
cloths, etc., at home. S2G Howard, In bakery.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, situation
as working housekeeper; no objection to
children. Call or address 573 Minna st.
STRONG girl wants work In rooming-house;
call Monday. O. SMITH. 140S Mission St.,
near Tenth.
SOBER middle-aged woman, good cook and
housekeeper, wants work; fond of children;
city or country. 1104 Mission St., room 33.
roMI'ETENT woman wishes position M
housekeeper. MRS. M. MERCHANT, 203
Telegraph aye., room 14. Oakland^
LADY wishes position as housekeeper or will
do plain sewing and mending. Ho Sixth St..
room G.
FIRST-CLASS fitter, stylish draper nnd de-
s'.p-ner; thorough dressmaker; by the day.
MISS WARWICK. 830 Geary st.
WANTED A position as ironer. Address
MISS L. A., 717 Bush St.
REFINED German lady wishes position as
nursery governess. 1336 Polk st.
WOMAN wishes to do housework or plain
mending. 34 Sl\th st., room 6.
WOMAN wishes a position to keep house; good
references. 859Va Mission St., room 3.
TOUNO German woman wants work by the
day. Call Or address E. M., 219JMlnna st.
GOVERNESS (American) capable of teaching
grammar or primary studies, teachers' cer-
tificate. Wishes position; experience and ref-
erences. Address Governess, box 2628, Call.
WIDOW wishes position to do cooking and
housework. JOIG Powell st.
WOMAN wishes situation to do housekeeping
or plain mending. 139 Fourth st., room 10.
RELIABLE woman wants position as house-
keeper; city or country; no objection to chil-
dren. Address MRS. WEST, 15 Hyde st. _
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation
as cook or chambermaid In private family or
boarding-house. Call or address 1024 Jackson.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper'fl position or to do plain mending.
81PB Howard st., room 3.
LADY from the East wishes situation as
housekeeper or r-harge of furnished rooms.
Call 102 Taylor St.. room 10.
LADY desires position as housekeeper with en-
tire charge; no children; no objection to
country; excellent references. Address box
2083. Call office.
WANTED— By respectable first-class woman,
home and wortt in good Christian family;
American preferred; honest and reliable; more
for home than wages; Is good nurse. 17
Third St., room 7.
X"OUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104 Mission st., corner
of Seventh, room 10.
SITL ATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st.. tel. Main f.;;32, fur-
nishes most reliable help of all nationalities.
Chinese and Japanese lestab. M > -ars) help;
tel. Main M 97. BRADLEY &_CO., 640 Clay at.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern HBclng Co. 180S Polk; tei. Polk 422.
JAPANESE employment office: work day.
hour or evening. 122% O'Farrell; tel. Davis 6U5.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414^ O'Fnrrell St.; tel. East 426.
; JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aokl. 30 Geaix
MAN thoroughly conversant with toy, fancy
goods and notion business wants employment
as house or road salesman: speaks English
and German; coold ais.i act as office man.
Address box 2094, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and greenhouse man
wants situation; understands care of horses
and cattle; looking more tor h"tne than high
wages; good references. -' ;i - Minna st.
EXPERIENCED collector, age 26. married,
strictly s.itx-r and responsible, good reter-
I enees. wishes situation. Bui 266.5, Call office.
GERMAN farmer an.l wife wants to take
charge of orchard or stock ranch, or take
ranch on Fharea. Address box 2675, Call office.
COMPETENT bookkeeper, best of references,
desires position; city or country. Address
box 2633, Call office.
i WANTED— Situation as clerk In hotel or lodg-
ing house; long experience; no objection to
country. Box 2.66, Call office.
GERMAN wheelwright would like position of
any kind. Address H. L., box 2587. Call office.
SITUATION Wanted— Office man of extensive
experience, bookkeeper, etc.; high capacity
and references; start low salary where ad-
vancement can be earned. Box 2181, Call.
GERMAN gardener, master In all branches;
can attend horses, cows, etc. ; best references
as to ability, sobriety and honesty. Address
Gardener. 660 Howard st.
I.l\ B man wants a situation; understands care
of horses, garden; good milker; handy with
plumber's and carpenter's tools; good refer-
ences. Address Ih.x 2644, Call office.
HANDY young man wishes a situation to take
care of span of horses or drive a delivery
wagon; well acquainted with city. L. R., box
2047, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, understanding general
farming, gardening, frult-ralslng. cattle and
poultry, wants situation on small ranch or
private place; can cook for himself If neces-
sary; first-class references. Address box 2651,
Call office.
YOUNG man v..:. 1 - t<. drive . !•• 1-. -r - wa*..n or
any kind of work. 1219 Mission st.
BUTCHER wants situation In the city or
country; good meat cutter. Address L. G.
A., 121 Morris aye.. off Bryant St., nr. Sixth.
INDUSTRIOUS young man, 22, wants work;
gtx>d driver and all-around hand with hor-
ses, etc.; references. M. 8., box 2656. Call.
SITUATION wanted by colored man (single) in
private family, doctor or office work; under-
stands driving, office and housework; satis-
factory references for the part 17 years' serv-
ice; 10 years in last place employed. Address
W. <;., S6IC Minna st.
WANTED— By Industrious, reliable young man,
situation in private family; can do any kind
of work, plain cooking included; good home
more an object than wages; references. Ad-
dress L. M.. 403 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
COMPETENT cemiposltor wants work in non-
union office; city or elsewhere. Address box
•:iY:>?.. Call office.
EXPERIENCED elderly pork butcher and sau-
sage maker, good curer. wants situation; city
or country. Box 2.'61, Call office.
WORK as general blacksmith; strictly s.>-
ber. \V. \V. PARKS, Alvlso, Santa Clara
County, Cal.
EXPERT accountant wants any situation; ref-
erences. Address box 2553. Call office.
MAN who understands milking, desires steady
place on dairy or farm. T. HANEY, 227 Sec-
ond st.
YOUNG married man with reliable local refer-
ences desires position as collector, solicitor,
stock clerk or anything paying fair salary.
Address, for interview, 43 Sixth st. room 42.
MAN about place— Situation wanted by a
steady and sober man: thoroughly under-
stands the care of horses, driving, garden,
cows; best of references. Address 2745. Call.-
JAPANESE flrst-clnss cook wants position;
has great experience In cooking for family.
HENRY K. KIMI'RA. care H. Ide & Co..
201 Sixth st.
RELIABLE, Industrious. German gardener;
understands taking care of horses and cows;
handy around the place; references: moder-
ate wages and a good home; Oakland or Ala-
meda. Address box 2787, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient und respectable; free "bus
and taggage to and from fer -y.
ELEVENTH] 106— Branch ofnce~of The Call.
Scbaortptloni and want ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
GERMAN second girl, assist with grown chil-
dren, J25; 2 American and French nurses, $20
and 125; 3 second girls, also chambermaid.
$20 and $2.".: pastry cook, ;33; 4 cooks, private
families, y::, ;ind $30; ironer in laundry, M 6;
German or Swiss cook for dairy hands, y>:>,
and a large number of girls lor cooking and
housework in city and country. J. F. CROS-
ETT CO.. 316 Sutter St.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20, see party
here, fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
G^ary st.
COOK, country hotel. $10
waitress, north, $20 and free fare; waitress
for Truckee, $20 and fare paid; ti waitresses
for summer resorts, south. $20: ;■; restaurant
waitresses. $5 a week; chambermaid and
waitress, $13
cook, with references, $25: housegirl. Berke-
ley. $20; Swedish girl. $25: 7 housegirls. $20;
ranch cook, Gllroy, $20; 15 young girls to as-
sist. $10 and $12. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ; tel. Grant 185.
WAITRESS for country hotel, $20. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— A number of girls to fill various
situations at MRS. HIRD'S, $31 Larkln st.
HELP WAK'-JD- Continued.
MAIP and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. ' -
NEAT girl, light work. $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 326 Sutter St.
YOUNG lady, office work. MISS I CULLEN.
325 .Sutter st. ..
REFINED girl or woman, housework, coun-
try, $20, fare paid; 15 housework girls, city
and country, $20 and $25: 8 young girls, as-
sist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK, $35; 6 second girls, $20 and $25; cham-
bermaid. $15; nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WANTED— 3 Germans as second cooks. $30 and
$25; German second cook, $20; baker, Institu-
tion, $20; French maid, $25; chambermaids,
hotel. $20, $15; nursegirls, $10 and $12; girls
for housekork and assist, $20 and $15. LEON
ANDRE, 303 Stockton st. ■
COOK, Institution, city, $25; cook, boarding-
house, $35; 25 girls lor general housework,
$15, $20 and $25; second girl. $25; nurse, $20;
number of girls to assist, $12 to $15. Apply
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st. ;..-
ARM waitress, country restaurant, $20; wait-
ress, hotel, south, $20: housework girls, coun-
try. MURRAY & READY, Leading. Emp.
Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
LADIES, attention! — Do you wish to secure
lucrative commercial positions, bookkeepers,
cashiers, clerks, stenographers, typewriters,
matrons, housekeepers, salesladies, millin-
ers, seamstress, candy-makere, shop help?
If you accept a position and work a month
or so and wish to change for another there
Is no additional expense; one year's service
with the right to accept or reject positions
until suited; managed by ladies. 313 Bush.
SITUATION for a very competent and reliable
German general house servant. 1023 Market.
5 SALESLADIES, new store, experienced In
notions, hosiery and gloves. 1023 Market st.
CLOAK and suit saleslady; milliners; sales-
ladles for department store; office assistant
for Sacramento. 1023 Market st.
SELECT Ladies' Clerks* Exchange; strictly
confidential in Its operations: bookkeepers,
copyists, salesladies, clerks, etc. 1018 Wash-
ington st., Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced shirt operators and
operators on buttonhole machines. EAGLE-
SON & CO., 535 Market St. -
COMPETENT and experienced girl as nurse
for two small children; must have good ref-
erence. 910R Devlsadero St., near McAllister.
j WOMAN for light housework. 161« Green Bt.,
near Gough.
WANTED— girl for light housework.
1413 Scott St., near Geary.
i GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing In small German family. 1444 O'Farrell.
YOUNG girl for housework, 2 In family. 971
Church St., near Twenty-second.
i YOUNG girl for general hdusework: small
\ family. 119 Broderlck st.
I GERMAN woman as cook In a restaurant. Call
£30 Howard st.
I WANTED girl, good cook and laun-
I dress; wages $25; references. 1608 Fell st.
j GIRL for general housework; wages $15. Ap-
ply 1596 Fulton st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on tailor suits and
cloaks. 20 Sanaome st., upstairs.
GIRL wanted to assist with light housework;
small family; wages $12. 1279 O'Farrell St.
NEAT young girl to take care of child; good
home; wages $5. 1717 Post st.
GIRL to do downstairs work and cooking;
wages $20. Apply 740 Castro st.
! RESPECTABLE young girl for light house-
i work. 1410 Hyde St.
I —
YOUNG girl wanted for store. 629 Larkln st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; sleep
home. 222 Seventh st.
' WANTED — Bright woman over 30, with some
business ability. Address box 2563, Call office.
WANTED— girl to learn tailoring. 706%
Hugh st.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 8 Grant ;
aye., upstairs.
REFINED, intelligent woman, past 30; office
wholesale house; experience unnecessary;
references. Address box 2649, Call.
! GOOD talloress on coats wanted. 107 Fifth St.,
room 1.
EXPERIENCED glove makers; apprentices on
J gloves and suspenders. Carson Glove Com-
pany, 35 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; good plain cook; |
$20. Call Sunday or Monday at 340 Page St.,
corner Buchanan.
t GIRL for housework In a small family, San
Rafael: p. .(id plain cook. 1537 Bush st.
I YOUNG girl to assist In housework. Inquire
at 2032 Pine st.
YOUNG lady barber as partner In barber shop
In Nevada; no money required. Inquire
DECK ELM AN BROS., Barber Supply House,
106 Ellis st.
WANTED— Bright woman looking for business
opening; mutt use good language and dress
neatly. Box 2750, Call office.
—
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under-
wear; a few Inexperienced hands taken and
taught. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fre-
mont st.
ROOMS. 25c to $1 day: *1 BO to $4 week; re-
spectable. 142 Seventh St., Glrard House.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position*
free; patterns 26c. McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
DR. WISE, the ladles" specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
et.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
357 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
male: help wanted.
WANTED— Neat man about place. Inside ser-
vant and care for lawn, $35 and found; but-
ler, $35; boy for store, $3 week; young man
for store, $5 week; marker and distributor,
country laundry. $30 and found; blacksmiths
helper. $4"; 20 laborers for long job, $1 75 day;
laborers for mill and woods, $"0 and found;
timber fellers; tiemakers; farmers, $20; milk-
ers. $25; American baker, $10 week: cooks;
waiters; third-hand confectioner. $25, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st.
AMILLWRIGHT for a sawmill, country. $2
day and found; 2 machinists, $2 75 day city,
and $1 day and half profits of a country busi-
ness. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ptojnnent Agents, 634-636 Clay St.; telephone
Main SS4S.
A— 565 WOODCHOPPERS wanted for different
places in California, $125, $1 and . 70c cord;
3!<6 tie makers, Be, 9c. 10c and lie each, for
different places in California; 56 shingle and
box bolt makers: 26 laborers, city and coun-
try Jobs. $26 and found; 14 farm, orchard and
vineyard hands wanted; 3 milkers, $20 and
$25; 2 butter makers. $25; 10 laborers, different
places, $1 day and board; 10 laborers to dig
dry ditches on ranches; farmer and wife,
south. $35 and found, no children; 3 sand
teamsters, $26 and found. MURRAY Sc
READY. Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 63i> Clay st. Telephone Main SS4S.
A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP
MURRAY & READY are to-day and every
day prepared to supply you with the best
skilled and unskilled help free of charge.
Kememher. during the year 1897 we gave
seventeen thousand (17,000) men and boys
positions on the Pacific Coast. What we do
for othera we can do for you — send you the
best help. MURRAY & READY. Leading
Employment Agents, 834 and 636 Clay st. Tele-
phone Main SS4S.
A I GOOKB— * WAITERS
4 Dishwashers 2 Bakers
1 Harber 1 Tailor
1 colored bellboy; and other hotel and res-
tauniiit plares from $15 to $65 per month and
found. MII'.UAY & READY. Leading Em-
ptoymeal Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St. Tele-
phone Mull) J.MN. «
FRENCH cook. $70; fry cook, $60: second cook,
small hotel, $.">0; cook, small country hotel,
$40; co»k. hotel, south, $40
4 waiters, north, $40; 3 waiters, country ho-
tel, $35 and free fare; 5 European plan wait-
ers. $35; restaurant waiter, near city, $35:
arm waiter, near city, $30; colored waiter,
country hotel, $25 and fare advanced; waiter,
city. $30
man and wife for a dairy. $40; German milk-
er. $25; 2 milkers. $25; milker, Oregon. $25;
florist and gardener for an Institution, $35
and found —
6 teamsters and S laborers for construction
work; circular sawyer, $60 and found
lroner for a steam laundry. $30 and found
barkeeper for a country saloon. $45 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.;
tel. Grant 185.
WANTED— Coachman, private place, country,
$30: cook for lunchhouse. country, $40: res-
taurant cook, country. $10; broiler. $60; man
and wife, small hotel, $45; waiter, $30; French
or Swiss boy, private place, $20; young man
for country boarding-house. $15; dishwasher,
$30. etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
A SELECTED list of valuable orders for com-
petent heir now open at the Clerks' Ex-
change Clearing-house. "13 Bush st. Trav-
eling jewelry salesman, notion and dry
goods salesman, gents' furnishing salesman,
■Mtp and grocery specialty salesman, man-
ager and bookkeeper country store, barten-
der, wine cellarman. office clerk, winemaker,
engineers for mining camp. :: waiters, 3
cooks, hotel porter, country landscape gar-
dener, machinists, lathe hands, bollermakers:
all fresh orders: investigate.
GARDENER, $35. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter
street.
MAN and wife, position of trust. $80; charge
of light profitable business; quick advance-
ment. 313 Bush st.
STATE agent ; control of agents and some
knowledge of bookkeeping. 313 Bush st.
HELPER In blacksmith shop; one who can
drive eboea. 1621 Market et.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
A SOBER, willing man who is good with
horses, handy about a place and especially
with carpenter's tools, and who will keep
his work in first-class shape without super-
vision no one who does not wish a perma-
nent position need apply; send recommenda-
tions. Address B. 8.. BebßOßt, Cat.
DISHWASHER wanted in restaurant. Apply
7 a. m. at 1631 Market st.
WAITERS, country. &: second cook, country.
$35. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED hardware salesman wanted:
wages 59 per week. Address l.ox 2666, Call
office, stating where last employed and refer-
ences.
GENERAL tailor wanted in the country. Call
between 8 and 9 a. m. and 12 to 1 p. m. at
RYAN & GALLAGHER'S. SO9 Market st.
WANTED— An elderly man to work around
house- short distance In country; wa*es $10
a month and found. Apply at 30 Turk Bt.
YOUNG man for private family; must under-
stand gardening; wages $35 and found. SIS
Sutter st.
WANTED— Good barbers for steady Job; B-
chair shop for sale. 207 Fourth st.
GOOD bootblack; modern; wages $7. 84 Fourth
street.
MAN to wait on table. Call at 830 Howard jt.
GOOD waiter to take charge of dining-room.
Apply Central Hotel, 530 Third st. ;
WANTED— A good coatmaker; also a girl fin-
isher, at 219 Sixth st. ,
BARBER shop at your own price if taken im-
mediately. Full particulars at 438 O Farreu.
MAN who understands short-order cooking;
chance to make money. 33 Third St.
RESTAURANT butcher and pantryman. »59
Market st.
BOY wanted to learn blacksmithlng. 329 Noe
street.
COOK wanted. 218 Powell St.; apply after 9
a. m.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay st.
WANTED— Two good canvassers. Call be-
tween 8 and 9a. m. at 22 Post st. THE SIN-
GER MANUFACTURING CO.
LATHE and machine hands wanted at the
Risdon Iron Works, Beale and Howard sts.
Apply at Howard st. entrance.
WANTED— Carriage-maker. Apply at 2220
Folsom Bt.
2 YOUNG men to canvass private families; pat-
ent article; experience not necessary; good
pay; must be intelligent and neatly dressed.
Call 10 to 12 Sunday, after 5, week days, at
11A Sheridan st.. between Ninth and Tenth.
WANTED— Men to travel through the coun-
try; must have $15. Call at 530 Pacific St.,
G. C. TERRY.
GENTLEMAN of good address for outside
man. &2 Donohoe building.
SINGLE rooms, 1214 c. 15c. 20c 25c night; 75c,
$1. $1 25 week. Elcho House, 863^ Market et. ;
changed hands: renovated and refurnished.
MARKET, S63>£ <Elcho House)— Single rooms,
12V4C, 16c to 25c per night; week, 75c, $1, $1 25.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who ar« citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting of fice, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.
SEAMEN and green hands wanted to go in a
steam whaler. WM. LANE. 504 Davis st.
WANTED — 10 men to occupy clean roomf; S
nights 25c or 75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and carpenters for
coast, Australia and Europe. HERMAN'S,
26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Secy.. 102 7th; tel. South C2B.
FINE coat makers wanted. Apply bet. 10 and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LYONS. 721 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, £17 .hird Lt. : 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 523 Market St., room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Eir.ploym't Office. S.
FUCKS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 Vi Mission
St., men to take rooms: 10c. lac and 25c per
night; 60c, SOc and $1 per week.
MEN to lean barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SV4 Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 P-ooms 25c to tt
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth end Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
~" AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Agents to sell Murat Halstead's
great Cuba book: all about Cuba, Maine,
Spain and war; great excitement; every one
buys it: one agent sold 87 in one day; an-
other made $13 In one hour; 000 pages; mag-
nificent illustrations, photographs, etc.: low
price; we guarantee the most liberal terms;
Freight paid; 20 days' credit; outfit free:
send 10 2-cent stamp? to pay postage. THE
BIBLE HOUSE. 324 Dearborn St.. Chicago.
PARTNERS WANTED.
YOUNG man as partner in the manufacture of
a new patent article in great demand: big
profits and no competition; investigate at
once. 776 Howard St., corner Fourth, room 6.
WANTED Lady with some means to join
young man in established grocery and saloon.
Box 2734. Call office. :
PARTY with $100: gilt-edge proposition: suit-
able for lady; investigate. Box >2521, Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. MO Mis-
sion et.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery «t. : highest prices paid.. Tel. Davis 71.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
INSTRUMENTAL or vocal lessons riven in
exchange for room or board. Address box
25SS. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
BULLTERRIER puppy, thoroughbred; 4 to 6
months old: bitch preferred. J. J. DONA- i
HUE, 10 Harrison st. |
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second- I
hand. 109 Montgomery st. j
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
■ surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc. ;
day and evening sessions; ref.. Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ATRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
VISITING governess, holding university honor
certificate, English, . experienced, desires pri-
vate pupils; would accept resident position.
Box 2642. Call office. -\
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, mln-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN PER NAILEN. 933 Market.
VOCAL teacher wants good accompanist; must
be pood sight reader: will exchango lessons
In singing. .Address box 2724 Call office.. ...
SPANISH professor, Sefiora de Velez, teaches
grammatically with pure Castilian . pronun-
ciation. 1455; Sacramento st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, : piano and other
Instruments taught .by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st. _
MRS. FRIEDBERG. voice culture; 60c a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell st.
WEBSTER. 2107V>— Piano teacher: studied in
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
. ket St.: 124 positions In '96: 103 In "97.
GUITAR, mandolin. ■• piano and vocal lessons.
$3 per month. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture. pVino. Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: now classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
CIS LARKIN Branch office of Tao Call.
Subscriptions and w.int *A* taken. --.■■■■
PHYSICIANS.
i DR. C. CO' DON NELL, office, and residence,
;. 1206 Market ; diseases ■ of : women a specialty.
-/-■■ t- ?. -.^ "iiiti ii 1 1 " ii it iKiriii'ii "ii tririinririiTiiiiir'iimJLuriiii —mn .^
PERSONALS.
HANDSOME gentleman of means wants re-
spectable wife; no agencies need apply- Ad-
* dress box 2660, Call office. \ _^__
~~ ~~ matrimonial*. ___
quired. Editor. 11l Ellis Bt.. San Francisco.
business personals.^-
lAM adding t lar*e l ° T^itche™
for the rush; hairdressing 25c; lsxvHches,
$1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra ne a\y,
long. 15; open Sundays from 9 to 12. l*.
LEDEKER. 11l Stockton sU
MME JAY, palmist, removed from 806 Jones
st. to 36& Geary: 2 to 8 p. m.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic is always beneflcialj
try It. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
COME into the largest hair dressing establish-
ment on the Pacific Coast; best of serv cc,
25c only: good switches. $1; best, finest qual-
ity. *3 50: extra heavy, long, $5: open Sun-
days from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 pc- night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. ALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St., S. F.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic is, in all cases, en-
tirely harmless. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage: Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures.: 20 Sansome st.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Tran«f«*
Co., 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 MarkPt ?t.. bpt. 7th and *th.
DRESSMi.KERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresse9,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy Bt., rm. 86.
«15 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want a<la tnkpn
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS^DrTf. CLARK, the distinguished tranc*
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; sh»
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove fa"mily troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate. recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tPi'.s your entire lift-, past, pr nt
and future, while In a perfect trance. Houra
10 a m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. <"LARK. room*
25 and 26, 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader- born double veil and second eight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladles s"c.
gentsjl; palm. and clairv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
TOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
2.V. 221 Sixth st.
ALICE FAY, cabinet haths; magnetic healer;
hours Ito 6. 32 Lewis st., off Jones nr. Post.
EASTERN profefaer will read cards for short
time: 10 to 7; ladies 25c. 424 Trhama st. '
MISS KI'NA V, GRANT, 215 Kearny St., room
2; mind-reader, and palmist.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
Fittings daily. 123V4 Sixth St.. room 14.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions: L.. 25c- : G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never fails: advice: help. 920 Post.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St., room 10. 2nd floor.
MIPS MELVII.. K. treat clairvoyant and
water reader. S2IH Mission; German spoken.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
rpadpr: 2'c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
SPIRITUALISM.
PROFESSOR FISHER and Mrs. Seeley. ballot
test to-night at 8 o'clock. 997 Market St.; 10c.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia; sittings.
$1; circles Tues., 2; Sat. eve.. Bp. m. ; 25c.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3. ■ "".-.
.^_^ . . .—. — ■
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, tor
messages and advice. 213 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM.
S. F. College of Suggestive Therapeutics re-
moved to 247 Larkin st., corner McAllister:
10 a. m. to 4 p. m. Dr. S. Turman. President.
CAL. Institute. 402,4 Geary: hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases and habits cured.
musical. instruments.
what^thatl yoiT~akk?
GOING TO buy a PIANO?
WELL. now, what do you WANT?
A piano made in IS9S, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or th«
same old piano made from 1849 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with,
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, X
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price Is $225.
The address is 560 Hayes st. ~ •.
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for 34
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$s'per5 'per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano SO
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
FINE Steinway piano, left on storage; cheap
for cash. DEWING' S, room 12, Flood build-
ing; agency for Hardman, Chase Bros., etc.
THE best pianos, the lowest prices are offered
by Zeno Mauvais 1 Music Co.. 769 Market: agta.
for the celebrated Decker & Son pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Maury. Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
$35— GERMAN piano for sale on $5 installments.
221 Leavenworth st. - ••.>.• .■'■:■■-■■■■:
A— $100; FINE large upright piano: great bar-
gain. X 3, 120 A Eddy st. . .
FINE upright cheap: for rent or Installments.
16 McAllister st.. next to Hlbernla Bank.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st. __
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
_KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O-Farrell_gt. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
~" DENTISTS.
A^FujClTseTTf"teeth,^sr painless extracting
free: we make a specialty of crown and
bridge work; crowns. $3 50; fillings. sOc; all
work painless and warranted 10 years; our
prices are always the lowest in town. Pa-
cific Dental Parlor. IS Third st.
A FULL set of teeth, (i: see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth at.; telephone Jessie 1132.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $3 up: silver
fillings. 25c up: gold crowns. $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market ft., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. Uth:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; ertracting 50c: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, ; discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of . improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 006 to
Sl3 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
rooms 30. 31 and 32, fifth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bid-.. 6th floor, rms. . 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
i W. KEY, 1320 Market st. ■ " - - '.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. IBil Polk itV*nU_INES_ CHANCES.
$150— CORNER saloon: down town. In vicinity
of the wholesale houses; well stocked; doing
an excellent trade; good fixtures. M. LESS,
765 Market st. ; ,
PARTNER wanted in well-paying restau-
rant; central; owner tired of unreliable help; •
trial given to suitable party. Apply to M
LESS, 76;. Market st. ._'.-. •. -s :
A $3000 INVESTMENT will enable you to cl«ar
at least $200 per month; besides you get full '
value In sight; this offer is open to investi-
gation from top to bottom; can have trial be-
fore buying; the business needs no experi-
ence; any live man can manage it success-
fully; it Is perfectly legitimate and means a '
gentleman's iccupatlon. if in earnest aDulv
to M. LESS, 765 Market st. ;
BUTCHERS, attention— To let, a first-class
"butcher BhopV now running in finest marKet
of city; established 20 years; dally receipts
$150 to $190: will make rent reasonable; must
be good man; this offer means getting Into
an Al bur-mess lor nothing. Apply to M
LESS, 7C5 Market st. ; ■ '
$1. -BRAN bakery and delicacy store in
Mission: j living rooms; rent $15; dally re- '
ceipts from $\ to $10; a first-class offer
WILKE, >- Market st. ' .
$600— PARTNER wanted In old established ~c-77-
ner saloon; doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; very I"--; location in wholesale district-
only h nest and industrious man need au-
ply. VILKE, 783 Market St.
fcW-KK-STAURANT and coffee saloon; close to
3 theaters; doing a rushing business; no cheap
R rt mvvTT ! P sacrifice: partners can't agree
Call HfILKB, rea Market st.
BAKERY and confectionery,' established for
the last 30 years, doing a rushing store busi-
ness: only lirst-class cash customers; no low
prices; the best location In this city living
rooms; rent low: buyers given a trial; no
bt U e « H lace . in the market: investigate; you
-will find a bargain. WILKE. 183 Market st.
$2t--PARTNER wanted by a lady In pork and
delicacy store; choicest location; close to
Market st. ; doing first-class paying business;
rare chance for good man. Inquire WILKE
753 Market sL
A ~ I^S 0 ', CORNER saloon on San Bruno road,
with 3 living rooms; rent $20; good paying
place and stock worth the money. WILKE.
■753 Market st. I
A— ssso; 200 masquerade and theatrical cos-
tumes; well-located business: est. 1575: good
chance for bright woman. KREDO _ CO.,
_22Ss Geary st.
— $250: confectionery and icecream parlors; j
elegant place near city. KREDO & CO., 22"_ I
Geary st. ; - - : : ' .
$2000— FLORIST; 2-acre nursery; glassed; com-
pl<?te assortment choice flowers; pot plants.
KREDO & CO.
i<~S — SALOON: fine corner; side entrance: eas- '
ily worth $600; receipts $15 daily. KREDO j
& CO. . - '^ -.* ■ ..■'"•;-'.
$300— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain. Mc"-
LA UGH LIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
SSOO— CORNER grocery and bar, the best in I
the city, will be sold at a sacrifice; retiring I
from business. Mclaughlin & CO., 23
Kearny st.
$4DO— MECHANICS' restaurant and lodging-
house; gain on account of departure, Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
RESTAURANT, near Market and East sts. H. j
c. DEI i:;;. 1020 Market St.
$I*oo— WOOD, coal, feed and boarding stable;
established 20 years. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A—s4so;A — $450; WELL-PAYING corner grocery and
bar.
$GQOr-For a good-paying saloon. '
$350 — One-half interest in good restaurant.
And other restaurants, saloons and bakeries, ;
- -•■ at ANDERSON „ CO.'S, 777 Market st.
— ON account of sickness this nice business, !
milk, eggs, butter, bread, candy and notions,
two pleasant living rooms in rear of . store,
' nicely furnished for housekeeping. If you
want a bargain call at 1145 Folsom st. .
GENTLEMAN with $1000 to engage in fine-pay- |
ing business; 200 per cent on money Invested; i
fortune to right man; rtrst-class recommenda-
tions required. Address box 2664, Call office.
PARTNER with $2000 to $5000 to start auction
business with experienced auctioneer; only
those with that amount need apply; no ex-
perience needed. Box 2662, Call office. .
GOOD-PAYING 15c shop for sale? good loca- I
tion. Corner Sacramento st. and Central aye. j
PARTNER wanted in first-class saloon; best'
opening ln the city. 33 Third st. • ; ~ ■ : i
FOR Sale — Good opportunity; coal, hay and j
grain yard; good location; horses, wagons, |
tools, etc.; also lease of premises. Inquire !
I>. E. BESBCKER, 306 Pine st.
GOOD paying soda water route for sale cheap. j
Apply 44 Dame St., between Thirtieth and
Thirty-first. j
SALOON-KEEPERS, attention— For sale, one
of the best corner saloons in San Francisco; 5 |
years' lease. Apply at 111 Grant aye. .' :.: <
GROCEKY and novelty store near 2 large j
schools; established 12 years. Southeast cor- !
ncr Jonos and Greenwich St. .
$100 BUYS State right for first-class dress-
cutting system; taught in five lessons; big
profits. Box 2638, <;an.
$200— RESTAURANT elegantly furnished, on
Market st. ; good reasons for selling. Apply
827 Mission St. j
AN old-established bakery; baking 3 barrels '
daily; store trade; cheap; rent low. laquire I
at Call office. . . :
WAN'TED-To buy small established busi- !
ness: no saloons or restaurants. Box 2079,
Call office. '
GOOD paying soda water route for sale cheap.
44 Dame st., between Thirtieth and Thirty- '
first. I
WANTED— To buy good will of country sa- ■
loon. Box 2585, Call office.' |
PARTNER with small capital or will sell; best
little business in Oakland r no ■ experience re-
quired; the only one on the Coast. 515 Eighth ;
St., Oakland. ■
WANTED— Partner saloon: open day and night
for f.O years. 050 Sacramento St., northeast
corner of Kfarny. )
A— NOTION, stationery and <-i_ar store' for !
sale: a bargain; $100. 155 Eleventh st.
4 SAN FRANCISCO lots to trade; perfect title;
also good restaurant. 62 Eight st. . :" v
CORNER saloon; rood stock of liquors and
clears; bargain.- 243 Fourth st. I
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant for sale; in-
vestigate at once. 249 Fourth st.
LADY having nice home In Western Addition I
wishes partner, arU)"t or first-class dress- i
maker, to establish dressmaking and milli-
nery parlors. Box .'77';, Call of lice. . '" '
FOR Argonaut route and other weekly
papers; good thing for schoolboy. Box 2721,
Call office. ,j\ . ■ ■
GROCERY and bar for sale on account of
sickness. 64S Minna et.
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
FOR Sale— Business of the late John Gross;
oldest established candy factory and ice
cream parlors in San Joaquin County. Ad-
■ dress 25 North El Dorado st., Stockton, Cal.
WANTED— Home In private family for boy 4 l
years old; must be thoroughly first class; ;
Plate particulars; no other children. Box j
2725. Call.
$700— BARGAIN ; good paying grocery business; |
living-rooms; central location. M. E., box 102, j
Call Office. ■ ' •
FOR sale — Restaurant an. l chophouse: best
location; opposite the ferries. IS East st. j
RENT J3o— Good paying restaurant; oak furni-
ture ; steady boarders. 1806 Market st.
KOR BaTe^Good-paying grocery store. For par-
ticulars call at 409 Sansome st.
CORNER saloon for sale on account o. death;
Cheap. 1121 Harrison st. - -
GOOD-PAYING restaurant: average $18 per
day; trial given. 2424 Mission st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop: first-class trade:
good location. 10S9 Howard st.
BUTCHERS' fixtures, complete outfit, for sale;
cheap. Apply 1121 Mission at. - ;■■ -. -•;
FOR — Corner grocery and bar; good loca-
tion. 1552 FoUom st. ,
1275 BUYS the nicest central located restaur- j
. a'rit; clears $65 month. 406 Geary st. . . . j
CIGAR Store, with 4 rooms in rear. BAR- i
RETT, 1125 Market st.. above Seventh. j
1850— Well established custom trade shoe store: I
good repairing. 4102 Nineteenth st.. near
Castro. ' "'" ' ' ■
SALOON for sale on account of sickness. Call
and sec owner.' 22* Brannan ft.
FOR Eale— One of the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st.
PATENTS-SMITH & OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat.
Agents: established 1862. 319 Pine St.. city. ,
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire thl»
office or at 133 Third nt.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.' 3. 41f> Sacramento st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections, wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, copartnership, bllls-of-sale. I . patents,
trademarks, etc.; established 10 years.- G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge ' unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. ''?7 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES. .
ALL kinds bought, r«old, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. . .
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, ■ bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth at. v phone Mint 45.
~~~~^kASK A ENTERPRISES.
ALASKA Gold Fields Dispatch Association
beats everything to Dawson and all Alaska
points; next messenger ■ leaves' on : Queen
April 5; beat any other mail 2 months; exe-
cute trusts; letters $1. 582 Parrott building.
KLONDIKERS.your outfit is of no value with-
out a Eureka patented portable gold washer:
do not fail to take one along; you get more
gold than you can carry.' 319 Bush st.
CARPENTERS, . blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can, on the way up, work out $100 j
to $200 of their fare, via St. Michaels. Apply.
The Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO..
wholesale and retail. grocers. 531 Washington.
STRONG dog, well trained for Alaska, for
sale; $15. 21S0 Point Lobos aye. ■ .'
FINE Esquimaux dog for Alaska. Inquire
Cosmopolitan Saloon, Third and Townsend.
PARTNER -wanted for established restaurant
and hotel on Yukon River. Box 2653. Call.
4 GOOD dogs; well broke; a snap. Sunset
Horse Market, 145 Valencia st.
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
as 610 Van Ness aye.
YI'KON dog harness: best made, for sale by
ail outfitters. SAMMANN. 1238 Fillmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE does: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. K__J__»S Sale Yard. 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO.. 416-413 Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for wcrk. C. KRAMER, 400 Pact st
GENUINE arctic fur clothing: heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22V_ Geary.
48 rooms; best in city $2,000
26 rooms; Market: a give away 450
23 rooms; all housekeeping: make offer.. 700
17 rooms, near Plaza; always full .... 650
15 rooms, near Market; rent $45 300
14 rooms: Golden Gate: snap 400
12 rooms; Market; boarding; clears $75 675 i
11 rooms; Ninth: clears $50; bonanza 400 \
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 300 1
7 rooms: Market: offices pay rent 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
15- ROOM house, new furniture; price only.s 300
22»roGin house; new and good 750
21 rooms; fine location; only 75
85 rooms: rent $200: good furniture 2500
110-room house: clears $350 6500
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye : ;.... 1100 '
12 rooms, on O'Farrell: clears $50 500 i
26 rooms; new and good 800
32 rooms, on Market: clears $2,'>0.....i 2i03
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
$1200 — 80 I?bOMS; clears $150: $600 cash, balance
time; snap. KREDO & CO., 22V_ Geary st.
A FEW special bargains— l 6 rooms; will go at
any price. ' ■
22 rooms; central; very good $450
27 rooms; hurry up; don't miss it Sf>o
36 rooms: a fine proposition 1000
If you haven't enough money, we will help j
you to buy a home.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
WANTED— Good tenant; newly papered, 30-
room lodging-house; rent $90. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st.
WANTED— tenant for 50-room family ho-
tel, north of Market st. SPECK & CO., 602 I
Market st.
$700— BARGAIN; house, IS rooms; pays well. j
G. E. LAWRENCE & CO.. 629 Sacramento st. i
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR ' Furniture of 4 rooms, complete for
housekeeping, cheap. 713^4 Minna st.
FURNITURE for sale; no second-hand dealers.
322 Twelfth St.
:: ~ HORSES'.
ONE carload of work and . driving horses, one
pacer, well bred: cheap. J. FORRESTER,
salesman, 426 Valencia st. j
$40— SOUND stocky saddle horse: used to
Yosemite trails: suitable for Klondike. City
• Front Stables, 20 Clay st.
FOR Cheap; ■ young horse, bay, sound, j
good traveler:, suitable for delivery wagon;
about 1100 pounds. 3573 Nineteenth St., near
Valencia. ■ I
TO rent— A stable for livery or dairy business;
good location. Address box 2728. Call office.
HORSES, harness, laundry., express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium. 220 Valencia st. :
WANTED— SO old hcrseß free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo. Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness:." Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth nt.,. auction oalM every wed-
tiwijav STTT.T.TVAV «- T>PYT,~:. Aiirtinnora.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
LIGHT- grocery wagon; good as new; one light
buggy, 1370 Turk st.
FOR Sale— Fine business buggy; also light top
buggy. 903 Golden Gate aye.
FINE, laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap j
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and open t
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hana machinery. Me-
INTOSH & VVOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
THE leading violets for the leading people;
60,000 strong plants for sale: Princess of
Wales and Lady Hume Campbell, $3 per 100,
$1 76 per 60; Golden Gate, California, Marie
Louise and Swanley White, $2 per 100, $1 25
per 50.
Also 400 assorted palms from 1 to 3 feet ]
high, from 25 cts. to $1 25 each; shrubs in !
variety; dahlias a specialty, 5 cts. each. 50 I
cts. per dozen; seeds for sale from finest ;
strains; special rates to the trade.
C. CROCKFORD, Grower, Colma, San Ma- ]
teo Co. ; take San Mateo electric-car. j
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches,
10c; Bxlo and 10x12, Xc: 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; ISx22. 35c; 20x24, 45c; 22x j
28, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c; rm. mold- j
ing. all colors, lc ft;open eve. Jones, s47 Mission j
HARP, piano, Boehm flutes, .clarionets, saxo-
phones, horns and variety . of other instru-
ments: Sala transit and level, tents, side-
saddles,' guns, revolvers; all high grade; low
prices; no dealers. 3941 Twenty-fourth St.
PAIR solitaire diamond earrings reduced to
$60; bought in Philadelphia at a cost of $150.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
EGGS for hatching; thoroughbred Black Mi-
norca- and Barred Plymouth Rocks, $1 per 15. I
2029 San Antonio aye.. Alameda.
SCOW schooner; small; cheap for cash; 12 tons
register. Call at 410 Maple st.
FOR First-class Edison electric parlor
outfit. Address box 2567, Call office.
■FOR SALE— St. Bernard, Great Danes, fox ter- j
riers, black French poodle dogs and blthches;
closing out kennels. R. WANNUMUACHER.
IPS Fourth st.
SCHOONER yacht. 44 feet long, keel boat;
good condition. Box 2764, Call office.
Laundry machinery, engines, dynamos. electri-
cal goods: new, 2d hand. Smith C 0. ,527 Mission.
FOR — Two pumps, engine and boiler .
and large Iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKF, Architects. 55 Flood building.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment; 1 ;
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. Hur-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. .«- -
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.
654 Mission st. __^
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-102}
Mission st.. above Sixth. . '-'
j R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand j
building material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY, Kentucky, '97: bonded warehouse.
San Francisco; S9c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO., San Francisco.
ENGINE boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st. _
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
S\FES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONFS. $10: Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc., j
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh. j
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. ■■>'■••-•■
CARI'-V CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eight i St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send >to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 853-67 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter:
' tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern '.. Steam t Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT: .teI. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
• St.: cleaning. Be. a yard: tel. Mission M. '.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden i
Gate aye,: tel. East 126- - •"  I
/ . , ■ '■':'. y, '■;..-.- ■ ' . p* *■* ■'^ ' ":' ■-t ■* -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, IS9S.
_ - ■ _______________
, • , HOUSES ITO LET. "" ~C
ALL OVER TOWN——-— • — —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery. *. ; :
DEVISADERO, 727— Housed rooms, bath; rent
cheap; 3 car lines. -V ■■ ■ _
DOLORES. 821, between Twenty-first and
Twenty-second— rooms and bath; rent $14.
HOUSE to let; partly furnished; 9 rooms; $45.
727 Ashbury st.
HYDE, 609, near Geary — Sunny; choice; 13
rooms; $50; appreciated if seen; Investigate.
NICE modern bay-window house, 1331 Golden
Gate aye., between Fillmore and Steiner sts,;
6 -rooms and bath; plumbing and everything
in good order: rent low to good tenant. Ap-
ply to P. C. MOLLOY, 128 Montgomery St.
NICE sunny house, 7 rooms and bath;'. 1
Golden place. Golden Gate aye., between
Hyde and Larkin sts.; rent only $21 50. Ap-
ply to P. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
PERRY, 212— Bay-window house, 4 rooms and
basement; rent $12 50; water free. Apply to
UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
SUNNY house: 7 rooms; modern; cheap to good
tenant. Broderiek, near McAllister st.
$S — A REAR house of 4 rooms; newly reno-
vated; water free. 18 Natoma st. ■ '
$16— 9 rooms and bath: corner Hermann and
Stevenson. Apply 1709 Market st.
$25— HOUSE and large barn, 6 stalls; 126 Clara
st. NICOL. 410 Kearny st.
FURNISHED HOUSES;
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— elegant;
sunny; appreciated if seen; please Investigate.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3C24, near Guerrero— Sunny cottage, 5
rooms; basement: bath.
COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; line basement; rent
$20. 2915 Bush St.
COTTAGE, 3 rooms; large yard: 1377 Harrison
et.; rent $10; also 4 rooms, 812 Jessie st., near
Ninth; rent $S 50; keys in grocery.
TWENTIETH, Seven-room cottage, bath,
laundry and basement; suitable • for small
business. -
FLATS TO LET.
EDDY, 1541— Desirable ■ sunny corner flat, 6
rooms; modern Improvemts; rent reasonable.
ELEGANT top flat; 5 rooms, bath; latest im-
provements. 145 Grove st., near City Hall.
FELL, 1118— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FELL, HIS, near Devlsadero— Upper flat, 6
sunny rooms; alcove parlors, etc.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bath; modern improvements.
3442 Twentieth St., cor. Capp.
HAIGHT, 455. near Fillmore— Flat . 6 sunny
rooms; latest improvements; separate en-
trance; $24. ■
JACKSON, 1511, near Larkin— Sunny upper
flat of 6 rooms and. bath; rent $25. BURN-
KaM & MARSH CO.. 628 Market st.
JESSIE, 638, between Seventh and Eighth-
Clean sunny flat of 3 rooms, $9.
MISSION, 1511^4, near Eleventh— large sunny
rooms; bath, laundry and yard. •■ '
MODERN 5-room flat. 125 Ash aye., bet. Polk
and Van Ness, near McAllister.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large sunny
yard; cellar; $10.
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat, 4 rooms
and bath; $1"..
RITCH, 210%, off Bryant, near Third — 4 sunny
rooms and' yard: rent $10..
SUNNY flat, 5 large rooms; modern improve-
ments. 27 Elgin Park.
SUNNY bay-window corner flat of 7 rooms,
bath, gas, yard. Northeast cor. Dolores and
Fifteenth fits.
TO LET— roms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan st., near Stanyan. _
TWENTY-FIRST, 3217, near Mission— 4 rooms;
rent $12. _______________
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3553— 4 sunny rooms, bath;
Twenty-second-st. cars pass door.
UPPER flat 6 rooms and bath; all sunny; rent
$21. 220 Thirteenth st. near Howard.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13, $14. $15, $1S and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
$7— SUNNY lower flat, 3 rooms. 31 Rondel, off
Sixteenth, near Valencia.
$9— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 27 Pearl St., off
Market, near Valencia.
$40— NEW upper flat, 7 rooms, bath. 1125 Tay-
lor St., near Clay. - . , .
NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms, 'bath; gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$13— WATER free; sunny lower ' 4-room flat:
modern; large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty-third
st., few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
$30— LOVELY new sunny upper flat, 7 rOoms
and bath. 2324 Sutter st.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms.
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 SO, postage
free.
FURNISUED FLATS. ;
NICELY furnished flat. 5 rooms and bath;
piano, etc.; $25. 1745 Hyde st.
$40_\VATER free; first-class corner fiat. 8
rooms 6 fronting streets; well furnished. Ad-
dress 120 Sutter St., room 27. •
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRYANT, 430, nr. 3d— Sunny pleasant house-
keeping rooms complete, •$9 up; single, $7.
BUSH. 1203—3 furnished rooms and bath for
housekeeping. .
CLAY, 1026—3 large rooms; all conveniences for
housekeeping; $9. ' '
CLEMENTINA, 358, bet. Fourth and Fifth-
Two neatly furnished sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
DIAMOND. El 6 —3 large sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; bay-window; bath;
price $9; Castro or Twenty-lourth st. cars.
EDDY, 915 — Two or 4 unfurnished or. furnished
rooms; gas; range; fine location; private resi-
dence. • :
EDDY, 917— Sunny,' nicely furnished connecting
housekpg rms.; gas range; splendid location.
FIFTH, 309— New house; nicely furnished
suites; regular kitchen: run'ng. water; $12 up.
FLAT of three nice large sunny housekeeping
rooms; folding-bed and furniture all new; $2
a week. Apply at shoestore, 562 Mission St.,
between First and Second sts.
FOLSOM, Nice sunny rooms for house-
keeping. $1 75 up. - • ■ ■
FOLSOM, 1581—2 housekeeping rooms, partly
furnished: rent $8. ' . '
GOLDEN GATE aye., 311— Large alcove front
rooms for housekeeping; running water; gas
range: rent reasonable. -
GOLDEN GATE, 620— Sunny furnished flat;
bay window ; for housekeeping. ■ • .
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suites with gas stove.
HARRISON. 946— Nice sunny front rooms com-
plete for housekeeping;, also single rooms;-
. reasonable.
HARRISON, Four rooms, completely fur-
nished for houßek'g; large yard; bath; $16.
HICKORY aye., 106, near Franklin— nicely
furnished sunny rooms for housekpg; cheap.
HOWARD, 504—2 sunny rooms complete- for
housekeeping; bath and gas; very reasonable.
HOWARD, 1188, bet. Seventh and .Eighth-
Sunny front room; kitchen; rent reasonable.
IVY, 124, between Polk and Van Ness— Two
housekeeping rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished; large yard. - -
LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post— Large
room and kitchen: unfurnished; .reasonable.
MISSION, 561, near Second— 2 sunny "rooms
complete for housekeeping; cheap rent.
MISSION, 1217—2 large sunny furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MOSS, 36, off Howard, near Seventh— 3 fur-
nished rooms or more for housekeeping; sunny
yard. ■ ■'... ■ ■
■ NINTH 20— Sunny suite, complete for house-
keeping, $11 mo.; single, $5 up; water and gas.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Front bay-win-
dow; kitchen; gas stove; bath; mantel; $15.
PINE, 704— Front sunny furnished room; fold-
ing bed; stove; $9; front single, $6. -
POST, 1427—2 or more single or housekeeping
rooms; partly or unfurnished; reasonable;
private. ■■- - ' ■■ " " " ' '"-' '■ " ; ■
SUNNY unfurnished rooms; marine view; - $4.
266 Chestnut st. • ■ .- .
TENTH, 136, corner — Sunny housekeep-
' ing rooms; very reasonable. - - •
THIRD, 334— Sunny flats of two rooms each;
$5 and $6 per ' month: "' • ; ' .- '
THIRD,' 309— Furnished ; room complete for
housekeeping, $5 to $7; sunny bedroom, $4.
THIRD, 516 — 3 pleasant sunny rooms for house-
keeping, with bath; $10 per month.-
TURK, - 539 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing or suites. ■■*"••" . •-
TWELFTH. 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
; plete for housekeeping ; $12 per . month.
. TWO or more sunny : furnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath; separate; $10. - Call 1745
•Hyde st. — .:■ — -:y-:-^- ■■- .-.;.-■:■..;-„ >■.■„■.
VALENCIA, 304—3 or 4 nice sunny bay-window
rooms, furnished or unfurnished.  •
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
VAN NESS aye.. 518—2 front sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping, $15.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:JO
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ROOMS TO LET.
ALTON, 204 McAllister— Sunny front rooms and
suites; also 3 complete for housekeeping.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
eunny rooms, en suite and single; nrst-claad
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BOND, 16, off Mission— Nice large front room
and kitchen; complete; $12 month; also nice
front room; suitable 1 or 2 gentleman.
BROADWAY. 700. corner Stockton— Three hand-
somely furnished connecting parlors, suitable
for doctor or dentist: has been occupied by
doctor for 14 years; reasonable rent.
BUSH, 71SC— Beautiful sunny suite and single
room; bath, etc; gentlemen only; private.
BOHEMIA, 233 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
CENTRAL House. 52 2d— Good family i single
rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 25, $2 50; mo., $5 up.
DELAWARE, 11">1 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo. : nice suites.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman, $5 50.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week. $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, 622—1 large furnished room- afternoon
sun; $10 to $12.
FELL. 47S— Pleasant punny unfurnished light
housekeeping room: bath; quiet fam.; $6 mo.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 766 I*—Large1 *— Large furnished room, $4; all
conveniences.
FOLSOM, 864— Sunny front room, suitable for 2
gentlemen or man and wife.
FOLSOM, 900Vi— A large sunny front room; rea-
sonable.
GEARY, 518— Large sunny bay-window room;
sunny suites; other rooms; light housekpng.
GEARY, 667— Large, desirable nicely furnished
front room.
GEARY, 774—2 large furnished sunny parlors,
with bath, in private family.
HANCOCK HOUSE. JSI Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
I HOTEL KAISERHOF. Sl6 Sansome st.. bet.
Pacific and Broadway — Nice sunny furnished
roms for rent; 75c per week up; also house-
keeping rooms, cheap.
JONES, 1705, near Broadway— 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent $13.
LEAVENWORTH, 1 "21 — 2 or 3 large rooms;
hot water; bath; lower part of private house;
rent cheap.
MCALLISTER, Ell— Nicely furnished sunny sin-
gle room; running water; bath; gas; reas.
MINNA, 442— Sunny single room, $4 a month.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION. 763— A fine large furnished front
room for gentleman.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms. $1 50
to $4 50 week. $8 to $15 month; also house-
keeplng.
OAK 22 — Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
! OCTAVIA, I— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; hall bedroom; $4 U": private fam.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 231— Having changed hands;
rooms thoroughly renovated; reasonable.
I O'FARRELL 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; lnmt single room. $6.
PINE, 647— Single rooms for gentlemen ; gas,
grates, running water, etc.; cheap; private.
POLK, 607—1 or 2 large Bunny front rooms;
kitchen If desired; very reasonable.
j POST\ 216—3 connecting rooms, suitable for
doctor or dentist_
POST, 605— Elegantly furnished rooms, single
\ and en suite: terms reasonable.
POLK, 919— Elegant large sunny front par-
lor, $15.
POWELL 317. formerly Cosmos Clvb — Ele-
gantly furnished sunny rooms; reasonable.
POWELL 50S— Two nicely furnished sunny
100 ms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen.
POWELL, 203 (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
1 SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE, 16-18 Mason— European: ele-
gant rooms: suite or single; i.ay, week or
I month: baths; hot and cold water; transient ;
! elevator.
i STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second— Tailors'
' workrooms to let^
SUTTER, 407— One single room for a gentle-
| man.
I SUTTER, 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnlsh-
- ed; choice and sunny: reasonable; investigate.
I TAYLOR, 112— Suites from $3 50 week up, with
v.»<* of kitchen; 50c and $1 a day.
$7 60— HOUSE of 3 rooms; nice yard. Apply
cor. Fillmore and Herman, In grocery^
I CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 SO. postage
free.
BOARDING ASD ROOMS.
BEAUTIFUL? newly furnished sunny rooms;
southern exposure; with board; building Just
completed; Van Ness; references._ Box 2659. _
FELL. 26— Sunny parlor, with lst-class board
for 2, $35 mo.; single rooms; gents preferred.
FINE turkey dinner, 25c, Sundays, 4 to 7 p. m.
122Vs Turk st.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location. ,
FULTON, 833 (The Mizpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite: exceptional table; terms very rea-
s..nahle.
FULTON. 833— Two unfurnished front rooms
with board. The Mizpah.
HYDE, 408— Front sunny alcove and single
rooms; first-class board, couple, $36 mo. up.
lIYI'K ■■''". Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
■week, with nice sunny front room, $4 weelc
TURK, 812— Nice room two gentlemen: bath;
gas; grate; board; private family; $35.
VAN NESS aye., 808 — Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED — Child to board; best of care; terms
$10. 1034 McAllister st.
A FEW children boarded: a fine home and
mother's care. Address h. \ j.;:;7. Call office.
WIDOW having her own home would like the
care of a baby; mother's care. MRS. SHIV-
ERS, Antioch, Cal.
C-KIIMAN lady without ihi'.'ii.n wouU! like 1
or 2 children to board; a mother's care. Ad-
dress 13% Harrison aye., off Folsom, bet.
Seventh and Eighth.
CHILD to board in family; mother's care;
terms moderate. 312 Hickory aye.
\N elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 234* _ Sixth sc.
STORES TO LET.
ASHTON & GARDINER,
411 Montgomery st.
$15—1506 Market st., nr. Octavia st.
$36—869 Mission st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
$r,r> — 1532 Market st, nr. Larkin st.
$22 50—826 Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
$15 — 234 Montgomery aye., nr. Broadway.
$23— 33S Fourth st., nr. Harrison st.
$50—17 City Hall Square.
$20—17 Pacific St., nr. Drumm.
$40—20 Sacramento st., nr. Ferries.
$13 3042 Sixteenth St.. nr. Valencia.
$18— 122 a Dupont St., nr. Vallejo.
$40—717 Larkin st., nr. O'Farrell.
$120 — 479-485 Valencia St., cor. Sixteenth.
$35— 23S Montgomery aye., cor. Broadway.
$$_1600 Pacific aye., nr. Polk st.
$20—37 Second St.. nr. Market.
$40 — 314 Montgomery aye.. nr. Dupont st.
$23 1104 Valencia St.. nr. Twenty-second.
$15—229 Fourth St., bet. Howard and Folaora.
$55—713 Larkln St., nr. O'Farrell.
$18—527 Broadway, nr. Monteomery aye.
$10—1132 Valencia st.. bet. 22d and 23d.
$16_41S Turk St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
SIXTH, 536— Storp, 3 rooms; large yard; rear
entrance: rent $11. y
STORE, with roomF. 2fi46 Mission St.; occupied
for 9 years as cigar and stationery store:
pear school.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3328— Store. 3 rooms and
hall : large yard; rent $15.
BARN to let— Southwest corner Hyde and Fil-
bert sts ■ 2ux7O; suitable for coal yard; $12 50.
Apply L. C. BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
OFFICES TO LET.
$8 AND up; nice sunny offices. Apply at
SPECK &. CO.'S, 602 Market st.
T YPE WRI _ ERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
I ' used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER &. CO.. 110 Montgomery
YOST, good order, $25; Bend for sample work.
6COTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
CITY REAL. ESTATE. — (
NOTICE OF SALE OF REAL ESTATE—
Bids are hereby invited for the purchase of ;
the real estate consisting of a lot 37V4xSi)i and
the building comprising SIX MODERN, FLATS .
situated on said lot. at southeast corner of
Filbert and Leavenworth sts., San Francisco.
belonging to the ESTATE of ANNA GIUSTI.
deceased. . t ■ ■
Terms— s4ooo cash, balance on . easy terras,
with interest at 7 per cent per annum. '■;''?
Right reserved to reject unsatisfactory bids.
Sale subject to confirmation by Superior
Court (probate). ,
Address 120 SuUer.st^room fj^^
Executor of the Will of ANNA GIUSTI. De-
ceased.
■ . March 25, 1898. • ' , ■'
SPLENDID corner . for grocery; Mission st. ;
60x110; bargain and easy terms. 413 Kearny .
$SOO— FOR sale— Great bargain; improved lot in
warm belt of Mission: half cash: balance on
time. Address box 2813, Call office.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
I $1100—39 ACRES. 1 mile from Lakeport. county
seat of Lake County; 7 acres orchard: nice
residence, barn, windmill, etc.; > all- fenced;
grand view of Clear Lake. C. F. MOORE.
935 Market St., room 4. __
; $2000; REDUCED from $3500 to make a quick
' sale: 22 acres in Santa Clara County; 1 mile
from railroad; 3U acres fruit and vines;
plenty of wood; fine trout stream: 12 acres
can be irrigated; good house of. 7 rooms: barn
and outbuildings: some personal property;
great bargain. GAM AN & LYON. 215 Kearny.
BREWERY for sale— Located in large town,
central Alameda County: capacity 25 barrels
j per day; complete running order; building 40x
96 thoroughly well built, and outbuildings;
lot central corner, 250x225: everything re-
quired in the business; sold only because of
bad health and age of the owner; low price
and easy terms. Purchasers address C, box
2775, Call office. ■
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co.. bet.
Stanford University and Mountain lew; 1
faille from Mayneld; house 7 rooms: 2 cottages
4 rooms; garden, orchard, etc: will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenant. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO.. Real Est. Agts., 630 Market.
FOR sale— l3s acres: fine virgin redwood and
pine timber: near L. E. White's-, railroad at
Elk. Mendoclno Count-" consisting of the NE.
% of SW. >4 of See. 31. township 14 N., range
15 west. For full particulars as to. price, etc..
apply to A. CLOCKERS. Navarro. Cal. .~\<~-
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.
PROPERTY 1O I- XC! A.Mii .
100 RANCHES: 3 to 2500 acres; all prices.
2 stores and 6- room flat; in city.... $5,000
3 flats in Chicago: good street 6.500
House, 6 rooms; lot 100x160; In Stockton 8,000
20. acres; all in fruit; good house for
rooming-house 3,000
House and lot, Santa Cruz, for hotel... 5,000
76-acre resort: hotel and hot springs 40,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, S. F.
NEW 7-room house and 50x160 feet ground,
total value $4000, clear of all incumbrance, In
city of St. Louis. Mo., which I desire to
exchange for a residence in San Francisco '
or Oakland of equal value Address or call
on MRS. S. MULLER, 25 Bartlett st. S. F.
FOR sale or exchange for Improved San Fran-
cisco property, a beautiful residence in Ala-
meda. house of 10 rooms, with fine artesian
well, tank house and stable: also a variety of
fruit trees and grape vines; place 100 feet
front by 212 feet deep, with an L 20x75 feet;
value $10,000. 1218 Broadway. Alameda.
PROPERTY to exchange— acres of grain
and fruit land in Tehama County, 3V£ miles
from railroad station, to exchange for resi-
dence in San Francisco in residence portion
of the city; land valued at $20,000; free of In-
• cumbrance: residence offered for exchange
must be unlncumbered. Address box 232, Sac-
ramento, Cal.
WHAT have you to exchange for East Berke-
ley residence lot? furniture preferred. EX,
106 Eleventh st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
' ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3. . .
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth; ;
tel. South 14. j
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal ;. mdse In storage; life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc. : low In-
terest; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- j
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, , 948 Market st; tel.' green 204.
$6 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. B.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker "at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In' pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50:000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private, llfi McAllister st.
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry.
MONEY WANTED. '
$3500— AN Al Improved property first mortgage;
state Interest rate. Box 2645. Call office.
FINANCIAL..
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. MfAFKR BROS., IPS Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason St.; private rooms.
MEDICAL..
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,'
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. : babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 59
McAllister st.; pills, $2. . ■ .- . ■ .---. -
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time: kind sympathy and
aid- instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement ;
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going ." else-
. where; regulating pills and capsules. $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 918 Post at., nr. Larkln.
DRS GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far. consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician: a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled- 15 years' practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2. .
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with, best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st. . .
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
•Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter, what
I cauee; restore in 1 day: never falls; consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that , restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no Instruments used: cure at of-
fice $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: price
1150. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st. send
' 2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure, $2 50;
express CO D. ;■ don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents,: Oakland. Cal.
LADIES— Mrs.' Dr. Puetz; Infallible. '. safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
DR. HALL. 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. '■;'.': • ...
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
STORAGE.
XtTow rates — Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;'
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 :to 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings. ,
AT lowest — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances' made: fireproof building. ' F. .W.
ZEHFUSS.- 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821. "
su M RESORTS^^ -j^j^i
ELEGANTLY furnished hotel In Mill Valley,
30 rooms, baths and all latest Improvements:
beautiful ' grounds; unsurpassed ••■ view; only .
- % hour i from San Francisco: rent low. :-. Par-
ticulars. MADISON & BURKE. 628 Market.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY
ADAMS POINT . PROPERTY
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY
ADAMS POINT PROPERTY
; THE VERY BEST
THE VERY BIiST
THE VERY BEST
THE VERY BF.3T
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
RESIDENCE LOTS IN OAKLAND.
The model subdivision of all residence dis-
tricts; streets macadamized, sewered, . cement
sidewalks: "sidewalk tl.<-est 1 . <-es consist , Of lemons,
olives, palms, acacias, ■ etc. : only 10 minutes
to City Hall. ....
Finest views of Lake Merritt. foothills, etc..
to be had in Oakland. .■ Prices and terms will
be made to suit the flu-t purchasers.
Call at office and be Viiven to the property.
LAKE SWORE LAND CO..
A. H.; BREED, Manager. '
107* Broadway, Oakland.
~~;
FOR SALE— completed : elegant modern
5-room cotttage In North Oakland; lot 50x150;
price $2500. .
Small -new house at Golden Gate; large lot;
price JSOO. M. L. WURTS. Seventeenth St.
and Broadway. Wurts block, Oakland.
TWO chicken ranches for rent with stock. C.
WIGGS, Dlmond Postof flee. Fruitvale.
MUST be Corner lot, 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of JSS per month:
only one block from narrow gauga depot:
will be sold in whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN, Sl4 Broadway. Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly j
Call. Sent to any address in the" United
States or Canada one year for {1 50, postage
free.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 408
Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.AMEDA • REAL ESTATE.
2 NEW modern houses; open plumbing; every-
thing up-to-date; will sacrifice 1: going to
Alaska; small amount down, balance month-
ly; must sell. Box 2591. Call office.
BEAUTIFUL home in Alameda, half a block
from station, narrow gauge; house 5 rooms
and bath; lot 50x125; choice flowers; price
$1580; $30 down; balance $15 per month. Box
2560. Call office. ■
$750— Lot 60x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$]200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station. \
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and nlgn school.
$3750— New house of 1 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MORE A L & CO., 1432 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
50x125, ADJOINING the university grounds,
Berkeley: price $800; also lot opposite Ashby
station; $360: will give deed and take mort-
gage for five years to people who will erect
small house. M. L. WURTS, Seventeenth
st. and Broadway, Wurts block, Oakland.
HOME in 5 minutes' walk from beautiful
North Berkeley Station, lot 40x134; 4-room
house, bath, splendid well, barn, fine marine
▼tew, $750 Inquire S. TAYLOR. Berkeley
Station; show place Sunday morning.
A THOROUGHLY well-built house of 7 rooms:
large lot; street work done; near university;
easy terms. JOSEPH. J. MASON, Real Es-
tate, Berkeley station.
—_—_—— "7"
LOST— On way to Cliff House, pair gold-rimmed
spectacles. Return to 2 Golden place; reward.
LOST— fox terrier, white and black
spots. Return 334 Pine st.,and receive reward.
LOST— Large black Newfoundland dog; white
breast; answers to name of Mollkoff; $25 re-
ward. 4 Eighth st.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. ANNIE REGAN, No. 135.608..
The finder will please return to the bank. j
CASH given for old gold and silver jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LEGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of MARY GOFF.
deceased — Notice is hereby given by the un-
dersigned, A. C. FREESE. administrator of
the estate of MARY GOFF, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having claims
against the said deceased to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers within four
months' after the first publication of this no-
tice to the said administrator, at room 85,
Chronicle building:, corner of Geary and
Kearny streets, the same being his place for
the transaction of the business of -the said
estate in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California,
A. C. FREESE,
Administrator of the estate of MARY GOFF,
deceased.
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Administra-
tor.
Dated at San Francisco, March 26, 1898.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— ln the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased.— Notice of sale of real es-
tate. — --...; . .
Notice Is hereby given that in pursuance of
: an order of the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
made on the 21st day of March, IS9B. in the
matter of the estate of CHARLES C. TER-
RILL, deceased, the undersigned, ANNIE H.
TERRILL, as executrix of the last will of
Bald CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased, will
sell at private sale, to the highest bidder, in
one parcel and for cash In the gold coin of
the United States, on or after the 12th day
of April, 1898, the offers or bids to be received
at the offices of E. F. PRESTON, ESQ..
1004-1007 Claus Spreckels building, San. Fran-
cisco, all the right, title, interest and estate
of the said CHARLES C. TERRILL at the
| time of his death, and all the right, title and
Interest that the estate has, by operation of
law or otherwise, acquired other than or in
addition to that of the said CHARLES C.
TERRILL at the time of his death. In and
to all that certain lot. piece or parcel of land
situate in said city and county of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and bounded and
described as follows, to wit:
That lot, piece or parcel of land situate as
aforesaid which Is bounded by a line com-
mencing at the southwesterly ■ corner of ■Va-
lencia and Hermann streets, being the point
of intersection of the southerly line of Her-
mann street with the westerly line of Va- ,
lencia street,' and running thence southerly
along the said westerly side of Valencia
street seventy-five (75) feet to a point; thence
- at a right angle westerly, on a line parallel
with Hermann street, . : ninety ' (90) feet to. a
point; thence at a right angle southerly on a
r line parallel with Valencia street, twenty-
five (25) feet to a point ;. thence -at a • right
angle , westerly on a line ■ parallel with Her-
mann street, seventy-five (75) feet ; and to a
point in the easterly line of Elgin Park;
thence at a right angle northerly and along
the said easterly line or Elgin Park, one
hundred (100) feet, and to a point In the said
southerly line of Hermann street; and thence
easterly, along the said southerly line •of
Hermann street, one hundred, and sixty-five
(165) feet and to the point of commencement,
the same being a part of Mission block num-
ber twenty-two (22) as the said • block is
• shown and so designated on the official map
of said city and county, together with the
Improvements thereon and the appurtenances
thereof. — . . ;
ANNIE H. TERRILL, Executrix of the
• Estate of CHARLES C. TERRILL, deceased.
Dated, March 26. 1898. .:
E. F. PRESTON. Attorney for Executrix.
CITY and County Treasury, San • Francisco,
March 16. IS9S— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1598 of the Board of
Supervisors, ■ approved September 15, ISBO.
there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
■ Butter street, on • -r - .
MONDAY. APRIL 18. 1898, .
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed lin
an inventory thereof on file In the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors. • and
consisting of Jewelry, wearing apparel, pis-
tols, knives, etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises,
clothing, etc., property of , deceased persons
received from : the- Coroner of this city - and
county. Open for . Inspection on morning ■of
Bale. " A. C. WIDBER.
- -. ■ - -■•-..' City and County Treasurer.
, BIRTHS— MARRIAGES —DEATHS. '
Birth, marriage and death notices . sent !by
mail >; will not be inserted. , They • must be
handed -In at either of the ; publication offices
and be ' indorsed with the name . and ; residence .
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. ■■■■•■■■■ -. ■ •■■■-■-. ■ . v '
■_ . ' i ,•• BORN. ' . .'.-.'. j?"
BERRIMAN— In Napa; March 21. 1898. to i th«
wife of W. R. Berriman, - a »on. . : :. . ;....
HEMRICH-In Napa. March 22. UK, to the
wife of Henry Hemrich, a daughter.
MAGNACO— In Calistoga. March 20, IS9S. to
the wife of Sam Magnaco. a son
MARRIED.
CALKINS— WATERS— Near Yreka. March 23,
IMC, by the Rev. R. E. Wenk. Andrew S.
Calkins and Frances E. Waters.
TYLER— VOTAW— In Jackson. March 24. 1898,
by Justice of the Peace H. Goldner. Charlei
A". Tyler and Emma H. Votaw, both of Oleta.
WHEELER-HAINES— In Santa Maria. March
24. 15??. by the Rev. W. S. Whiteside. S. W.
Wheoler of Arroyo Grande and Rose Mary
Halnes of Maria
DIED.
Abrahamsoa, Moses McGrath. George W.
Appiedy. Mrs. E. McDonald, Mary E-
Bettingen. Albert Sr. Murphy. John M.
Corkery. Annie Morris. Anna R.
Collins. Edward Perkins Franklin U.
Cronan. Ir<>m- M. Peters, Herman
Donnelly. Sarah F. Ryan. Martin
Dtvine, Maria T. Rankin. \V. B.
Fitzpatrlck. Rev. T. Reed. Kate B.
Henrikson. Gustaf Scheibe. Bernnardt
Hall. James D. Soule. Lydla P.
Kunst. Lillie E. Stetson. Mr?. L. J.
Layer, Augustus Wessling. Henry J.
Wordell, Abram
ABRAHAMSON-In this city. March 17, W3,
Moses P.. beloved son of Peter Abrahams in.
and brother of Mrs. Bella Barnett, Mrs. Ida
Friedberg and Josie. Fannie. Nana. B. and
B. P. Abrahams™, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years and 5 months.
APPLEDY— Near Los Gatos. Cal.. March 25,
18SS, Mrs. Ella Appiedy, a native of Santa
Clara, aged 24 years 4 months and 1) days.
BETTINGEN— In this city. March 27, 189 S. Al-
bert Bettingen Sr. beloved father of Albert
Bettingen Jr., Mrs. Tillle Baldwin. Mrs. P.
J. Mclnerney. and Sister Mary Alberti. a
native of Germany, aced 71 years and 27
day;;.
CORKERY— Tn this city. March 27, ISOS, Annie,
beloved wife of Patrick Corkery, and mother
of Mary, John, Margaret. Lizzie. Dennis
and Kitty Corkery, a native of Newcastle-
west. County Limerick, Ireland, aged 47
years and 4 months.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the Tuneral to-morrow*
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 143J Harrison street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repc^e of her soul, commencing at ill
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COLLINS — An anniversary requiem high maul
will be celebrated in St. Francis Church, at
Vallejo street and Montgomery avenue, on
Wednesday. March 3». at 10 o'clock, for the
repose of the soul of the late Edward Col-
lins, beloved husband of Mrs. B. Collins.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend.
CRONAN— In this city, March 27, 1898, Irens
Maria, only and beloved daughter of John J.
and Lizzie Cronan. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 7 months and IS days.
DONNELLY— In this city. March 26, IS9B,
Sarah F. Donnelly, sister of Mary E., M.
Louise and Arthur E. Donnelly, a native o!
San Francisco.
UTTFriendß are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funenil this day (Monday), at It
o'clock, from M 5 Oak street, thence to Sa-
cred heart Church. Interment Holy Cros«
Cemetery. Kindly omit flowers.
DIVINE— In this city. March 27. IS9S. Maria
Teal Divine, wife of the late Judge Davis
Divine of San Jose, and mother of Mrs. M.
M. Estee and Mrs. L. T. Sparks a native of
New York, ased 87 years. (Syracuse and
Utica, N. V., papers please copy).
FITZPATRICK— An anniversary requiem mass
for the rerose of the soul of Rev. Timothy
Fitzpatrick will be said to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 10 o'clock at All Hallows Church.
Sixteenth avenue and N street, South San
Francisco.
HENRIKSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, March 27, IS9S. Gustaf Henrikson, a na-
tive of Finland, aged 36 years.
HALL— In this city. March 27. 189 S. James D.
Hall, beloved son of William H. and Lava-
nia Bailey Hall, and brother of Sarah. Ma-
ria. Lavanla. Bailey, Frank and Isabel Hall,
a native of San Francisco, aged 3S year 3.
KI"XST-In this city. March 27, ISM, Lillie
E., dearly beloved daughter of August and
Elizabeth Kanst, and sister of Marie Kunst.
a native of San Francisco, aged 12 years and
1 month.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, southeast corner of Nine-
teenth and Diamond streets. Interment I.
0. O. F. Cemetery.
LAYER— In Alameda. March *7. 1898, Augustus
Layer. a native of England, aged 63 years 9
months and 7 days.
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from Masonic
Hall. Alameda. Interment private, Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland. •
McGRATH— In this city, March 26, IS9S. George
W., dearly beloved son of E. and M. A. Mc-
Grath, and brother of Mrs. L. 11. Castle and
Lafayette. Emmett and May O. McGrath, a
native of liutte County, Cal., aged 22 years
4 months and 11 days.
McDONALD— In this city, March 27, IS9S. Mary
Estelle. beloved daughter of John and Han-
nah McDonald, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 1 month and 2 days.
MURPHY— In this city, March 2fi. 189R, John
M., eldest and dearly beloved son of John
F and Maria Murphy, and beloved brother
of Mrs. J. F. Drennen and Charles F., Emily
F., Robert J., Walter J., Genevieve 8.. Lily
V., Henry P., Edna V.. Irene A. and the
late Michael G.. Margaret M. and Ida M.
Murphy, a native of San Francisco, aged
28 years 3 months and 4 day». An affection-
ate son and loving brother at rest.
in7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 701 Devisadero street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebratsd for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
MORRIS— In this city. March 26. ISOS. at the
Presidio, Anna R.. beloved daughter of Lieu-
tenant-Colonel and Mr*. L. T. Morris, a na-
tive of Kansas, aged 21 years and 'J months.
(CT-The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, Presidio. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio.
PERKINS— In Alameda, March 27. IS9B. Frank-
lin L. Perkins, aged 69 years 11 months and
20 days.
If-yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, Alameda. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland.
PETERS— In the City and County Hospital,
March 27, IS9B. Herman Peters, a native of
Germany, aged 48 years.
RY\N— ln the City and County Hospital,
March 27, IS9B, Martin Ryan, a native of
Ireland, aged 57 years.
RANKIN— Near Napa, March 21. 1898. W. B.
Rankin. a native of Kentucky, aged 49 years.
REED— In Antloch. March 23. 1898. Kate B.
Reed, a native of New York, aged 64 years
3 months and 9 days.
SCHEIBE— In this city. March 26, 189$. Bern-
hardt Scheibe. a native of Germany, aged 45
years and 6 months.
SOULE— In this city, March 2fi, 1898, Lydla P..
wife of the late Philander Soule. and mother
of Samuel P. and Abbie L. Soule of San
Francisco and Charles P. Soule of Eureka,
Cal , a native of Maine, aged S7 years and 15
days.
ICS" Friends are Invited to attend the
funeral services to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, at her late residence, 323 Third street.
STETSON— In this city, March 27, ISfIS. Mrs.
L. J. Stetson, beloved dau-rnter of Angio
M. C. Camp, a native of New Hampshire,
aged 44 years 7 months.
WESSLING — In this city. March 26, 1898,
Henry J , beloved husband of Marie Wess-
ling and father of William H.. Henry C. and
August E. Wessllng, a native of Heimsen.
Westphalia. Germany, ayed 63 years 6 months
and 8 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances and members
of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge. I. O. O. F.. and
Hercules Lodge No. 53. A. O. U. W.. are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his
late j-esidence. 1515 Geary street, between
I^aguna and Buchanan, thence to Odd Fel-
lows' Hall, corner Market and Seventh
streets, where the funeral services will
be held, under the auspices of Germanla
Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F., at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
I O. O. F.— Walhalla Rebecca Lodge No. 130,
I O. O. F. — To the officers and members of
Walhalla Rebecca Lodge No. 130. I. O. O.
F. : You are hereby notified to assemble at
1. O. O. F. Hall, corner of Market and Sev-
enth streets, this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock,
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
Henry J. Wessllng. Officers and members
will assemble at 1 p. m. sharp. By order
MRS. ANNA DABELSTEIN. N. G.
MRS. C. UHLIG. Fin. Sec.
WORDELL— In Oakland. March 27, 1898,
Abram Wordell. beloved father of Mrs. Dr.
Stark, a native of Fall River, Mass., aged 77
yeare. (Fall River, Mass.. papers please
copy).
C3TFrien<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mornvw
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1410 Eighth street. Oakland.
CARD OF THANKS— The widow and brother
of the late Lieutenant of Police William F.
Burke take thte method of publicly acknowl-
edging our.obligations and tendering our sin-
cere thanks to the many kind friends, th«
press and the Police Department for the
sympathy and kindness extended to us in the
sad hour of our bereavement.
DELIA BURKE.
PATRICK A. BURKE.
San Francisco, March 26. 1898.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER^^"T
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBAL.MER3 I
£0 iIFTH ST., Opp Lincoln Sonoil. j
Telephone, South 80. |
H. B. m'avoy. Manager.
McAVOY <fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBa*
VS3S Market St., between Bth and »th.
Telephone. South 247.
910
OFFICERS FOR
COMING YEAR
The French Benevolent
Society Elects Men to
Control Its Affairs.
A. Heated Discussion as to the
Method of Casting the
Ballots.
The Faction Known «c the Parisians
Wins and All Difference*
Are Settled.
There was enough excitement In Na
tive Sons' Hall yesterday to satisfy the
most emotional members of the French
colony. It occurred during the an
nual election of the French Mutual
Benefit Society, and was owing to a
dispute as to what was the proper way I
to conduct the balloting. One faction, !
known as the Parisians, strongly con
tended that the only way was to give
the ballot to the members as they en
tered the voting booths, whereas the
opposition, known as the Bernals, in
sisted that the ballots should be dis- j
trlbuted in the hall to the members so |
that they could mark and deposit them j
as they pleased.
During the argument over the nu
merous motions made by excited par
ticipants, the Bemais opposition de
veloped a strong leader in J. A. Berge
rot, who in his enthusiasm overstepped
the bonds of his side and was deserted
by his own people. Bergerot mounted
the platform and made a stirring
speech, advocating the distribution of
the ballots so that the members could
mark them wit' >ut intimidation. Los
ing control of himself, he launched
forth a tirade of abuse against his op
ponents, during which he was hissed
and interrupted. In the midst of his
speech he jumped from the platform,
and. running to where the sealed bun
dle containing the ballots was, he
broke it open, and grabbing a hand
ful, he again took his stand on the
stage and continued his heated re
marks.
A stout gentleman belonging to the
Parisian contingent took umbrage at
the remarks of Mr. Bergerot, and,
mounting the platform, joined the de
bate. By this time it looked as if Bed
lam had broken loose. Excited mem
bers were on their feet expostulating,
cheering, hissing and yelling in an ef
fort to quiet Mr. Bergerot. They might
not fcave succeeded had not the Ber
nais tiement, becoming tired of their
leader's stand. Joined in the hissing
and general racket. Seeing himself
deserted the little man grabbed his
coat and hat, and after delivering a
parting shot, emphasized with a shake
of the fist, retired with colors flying.
Matters then quieted down and Vice-
President Cames had an opportunity
to place the questions before the body
for a direct vote. It was then decided
that the ballots should be given the
voters as they entered the booth. From
2:30 until 6 o'clock the polls were open,
and during that time 85s ballots were
cast.
Twenty-eight candidates for the gen
eral committee were on the ballot, of
which fifteen were to be elected. As
the destiny of this important society
•was placed in their hands it was deem
ed a great honor to be elected.
Henry S. Martin led the van with a
vote of 510, and was closely followed
by the following gentlemen, who were
elected to the important office: J. Jul
lien, 498; E. Servea'u, 474; A. Legallet,
469; J. M. Dupas, 459; P. Cames, 452;
J. Bergez, 445; L. Bocqueraz, 444; B.
Reiss, 443; J. Desberats, 43G; R. Chart
rey, 405; J. Bernou, 403; Thomas La
coste, 394; H. Fabregue, 381, and F.
Queyrel, 372.
The unelected candidates received
votes as follows: M. J. Bayle, 368;
P. A. Bergerot, 366; Pierre Berges, 361;
J. B. Lacaze, 355; B. Sarthou. 348; G.
Pouchan, 344; A. Miqueu, 343; J. B.
Minvielle, 343; J. Loustale, 327; E. tf.
Dupuy, 322; J. B. Pon, 306; E. A. Le
moine, 287.
The vote on physicians recommended
to the board of fifteen for election was
as follows: For visiting physician, Dr.
E. de Corval; for superintending phy
sician of the French Hospital, Dr. De
Chantreau; for surgeon, Dr. De Mar
ville; for occullst and aurist, Dr. Kas
per Pischel.
The following committee had charge
of the voting booths: A. Lavengnes, D.
C. Dabin, L. Carraine, A. Bousquet and
P. Fontaine.
RACING AT INGLESIDE.
The Olympic Stake for Two-Year-
Olds Down for Decision.
The feature of the card at Ingleslde
this afternoon Is the Olympic stake for
2-year-olds. The other events are all
well filled, and It looks as though an en
joyable day's sport might be had.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First race— Fly« furlongs; selling.
•69 Nic Nac 103 i 729 Pleasanton 101
802 Mt. Roy 105 78S Rockefeller 101
77St Lucky Star 101 796 Stentor 101
791 MoFarlane 106 ISS Durward 101
72f< La Mascotta 103! 763 Alvln E 101
773 Schnltz 103! 791 Florlmel 99
Second race — Thr^hnuartera of a mile; sell
ing.
795 Miss Ro«» 106 j 764 Goodfrlend 100
777 Yemen 10S ; 7fil Moringa 9S
759 Hermoso 107 753 Amelia F0n50...106
759 Abina B2j 773 Viking fc ...105
$02 Lone Princess. .103! 753 Pat Murphy 108
798 Olive 1061 7Kn Blarney Stone... 97
746 Prompto 101 7S!i Valenclenne 92
7SI Miss Lynah 106 (77iS)Queen Nubia 103
7!<B Sea Spray 10S
Third race— Olympic stakes, value J1000; han
dicap: four and one-half furlongs; 2-year-olds.
790 Ollnthus lli» 790 Sevens 112
790 Milt Young 119 772 Buena Ventura.lo9
SOI Frank Ireland. .US 755 Obsidian 11l
(790) Sombre US 772 Bonibel 103
691 Owyhee 112!
Fourth race— One and one-half miles; allow
ance.
798 Benamela 110 623 The Bachelor... 107
792 Argentina 115 (750)Alvarado II 107
717 OFtler Joe US
Fifth race— One and one-sixteenth miles; »ell
lnc.
760 Balllster 86 1 774 Don Clarencio . . 103
796 Outgo 104. 798 Cromwell 107
7so Bonlta 95! (684) Satyr 108
757 Gotobed 89 1 754 Hohenzollern ...106
798 Imp. Mistral 11.1031 756 Marplot 100
794 Duke York 11... 891
Sixth race-One mile; 3-year-olds.
(793)Woodford filly.. 1041 787 Watomba 108
(767) Linstock 113 757 Mel. Burnham..lO9
7!<3 San \'enado 1131
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY
First race— La Mascotta. Lucky Star, Schnltz.
Second race — Miss Lynan, Mlbr Ross, Yemen.
Third race — Milt Young. Olinthus, Owyhee.
Fourth race— Ostler Joe, Alvarado 11, The
Bachelor. ■ _•
Flfttl rare— Satyr, Gotobed. Marplot.
Sixth race— Linstock, Woodford nlly, San
Venado.
Minor Baseball Games.
Union Squares 11. Young Pacifies 2: A.
J. Reachs 5. Lash's Bitters 3; Alameda
Actives 9, One Moments 8.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
TakeLaxatlveßromoQulnineTablets. All drug
gists refund the money If It falls to cure. 25c.
Tha genuine ha* It. B. Q. on each tablet.
CHINATOWN HELD A PICNIC.
The Site of Their New Cemeterg in San Mateo Countu the Place
of Festivitu.
Did you ever hear of a Chinese picnic?
This question can be readily answered
by glancing over the history of the Chi
nese colony In this ciiy, one of the larg
est, if not the largest, in America. .Fast
history will answer no, but the history
of the future will record in its annals one
of the most novel events of the present
year— a real, genuine summer outing of
the Chinese population of Frisco.
The email boy was more than in his
element yesterday afternoon; the curious
ar.d the inquisitive, and those thirsting
for the unusual, had a treat which,
In Its novelty, has never before been
equaled in a civilized community.
The forty acres of ground which were
bought in San Mateo County some weeks
ago by the Nlng Yun Association and set
apart by its members as the "God's
Acre" of the Chinese, or, more strictly
speaking, the resting place for their de
ceased brethren, was formally dedicated
yesterday afternoon.
The dedication ceremony differed ma
terially from that which Caucasians are
usually in the habit of conforming to in
a solemnity of this character, and, in
stead of sacred prayers and weird chant,
our heathen brother ate rice and made
merry.
This eating of rice and making merry
in American phraseo:ogy would be con
tracted in the one word picnic, for in all
respects the two are synonymous, if nc-t
Identical.
In order to defray the necessary ex
pense of placing the affair on the desired
scale of sumptuosity, according to Chi
nese taste, each Ning.Yun has been taxed
$2 as his contribution toward the success
of the affair.
ACHIEVED SUCCESS EARLY.
Miss Ethel Clement Has a Picture Accepted by the Paris
Salon.
The latest triumph of a California girl In a foreign land Is that of Miss
Ethel Clement, who has just won the distinction of having a picture ac
cepted by the Paris Salon. Miss Clement is the daughter of Lyman H.
Clement, and was born in this city but twenty-three years ago.
She left here a few years ago to study art in New York city under
Kenyon Cox. Then she went to Paris and placed herself under MM. Le
fevre and Tony Robert Fleury, and such excellent use has she made of her
opportunities that in three years she has achieved that for which many
work a whole lifetime and then do not accomplish.
The young lady belongs to a talented family being an own cousin to
Mrs. H. H. A. Beach (Amy Marcy Cheney), who is one of the greatest liv
ing female composers.
As a child Miss Clement displayed a remarkable talent for dr wing.
She possesses a particularly sweet and lovable disposition, and her many
friends in this city will rejoice with her when they learn that her many
years of hard work and absence from home culminated in this succinct
cablegram received yesterday by her father: "Accepted— Salon."
THE DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
OUR ALLIES IN THE FIGHT.
"Our Allies in the Fight" was the sub
ject of Rev. Dr. HemphiU's address last
night at the Calvary Presbyterian
Church. The text of the address was
taken from the Fifty-fifth Psalm, in
which David tells of his victory over his
enemies. It was at a time when David
thought himself unbefriended and did
not expect any to be on his side, when
suddenly he heard the tramp of an army,
and he breaks forth with the utterance
of glad surprise, "there were many with
me!"
"Do we, as Christians, stand on the
side of right? If we do, who stand with
us? The Supreme Power of the Universe
is with us, and one with God is a major
ity.
"Did the Spanish Government blow up
out battleship and our brave boys In
blue? If she did she may squirm and
play for delay, but the United States
(lovernment will not suffer her brave
boys to be blown to atoms to make a
Spanish holiday. The United States
Government will protect her citizens and
soldiers and punish those who outrage
them. If we are lighting for the right we
have God's angels on our side and they
tell for many. They turn seeming minor
ities into real majorities. When conflicts
deepen on earth other worlds send hosts
of eager combatants to the fray. Hell
will do its worst to ruin us; but be com
forted, heaven will do its best to save us.
The Kingdom of Righteousness is the
most powerful kingdom in the universe,
arid none may outrage a citizen of that
kingdom with impunity. The world is on
our side. The system of nature has never
been false to the right. The ordinances
and means of grace are on our side.
They who stand on our side tell for
many. The forces which are leagued
against us are not the master forces of
the universe. The master forces are on
our side, and if we give them full play
nothing can withstand us. When word
was brought to Plymouth that the Span
ish armada was in sight Admiral Sir
Francis Drake was playing a game of
skittles, and the great naval hero insist
ed on finishing the game, saying 'There
will be plenty of time then to beat the
Spaniard." A man of that mettle was
very likely to beat the Spaniard. There
is another Spanish armada rushing
across the Atlantic at present, but
we are not afraid. We have a
few American heroes who can play a
game of skittles and whip the Spaniard
In the bargain. And it is time to whip
the Spaniard. Not because of the blow
ing up of the battleship and the boys in
blue. We have to prove that yet, but be
cause of Spain's inhumanity to Cuba and
the Cubans. In the name of humanity
let the inhumanity cease. We do not
want war, but we want the bloody inhu
manity to stop, and It must stop. Spain
has always been Inhuman. We are cot
THE SAN FRANCESCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1898.
Chinatown cook shops as a natural con
sequenoe of this sudden flow of wealth
have been in operation night and day pre
paring, flavoring, browning and toasting
savory geese, palatable chickens and
grease-bespattered hogs, and, in short,
every possible de.icacy that may tend to
tickle the epicurean palate of the Orien
tal.
Innocent and snow-white lambs, with
red. white and blue tails, and ears to
match, were there to add a tinge of
relish to the general feast and watch over
the festal board with their staring life
less eyes.
These good things constituted the
main feast, but not all by any means, for
a banquet is not a banquet without des
sert. To supply this need there were
watermelon seeds, both black and
pink, candy, from a Chinese standpoint
perfection itself, and an occasional indi
gestible "China clam."
An immense marble slab, with the
Chinese inscription denoting rwssession,
and certifying that they obtained the
ground by rightful grant, will be sent to
the new cemetery next Saturday morning
and win be in readiness to sink into the
ground the following day as a mark of
possession. To the sides of this slab are
to be placed two additional sections of
marble, drilled wit-, rmumerable holes,
bo as to accommodate the Insertion of
the necessary number of punks, which,
according to Chinese tradition, in an af
fair of this kind are absolutely necessary
to assure success and ward off all possi
ble evil.
Although the Chinese race is Inclined
to adopt American customs to some ex
tent, it hasn't as yet reached that stage
going to get excited over Spain. We, as
'Americans, are slow to act in such emer
gencies, but we are slowly asserting our
selves in the cause of right, and when we
move in that direction we move with a
tremendous force. Let there be no flurry
and no despair, only the calm confidence
which is the herald and harbinger of vic
tory. If God be for us who can be
against us?"
HEROIC SELF-SACRIFICE.
"Christian Missionaries" was the sub
ject of the address given by Rev. John
Stephens at the Simpson Memorial Meth
odist Episcopal Church last night.
"The words of the text," he said, "fur
nish the most startling romance of the
nineteenth century; the facts of its hi*
tory are stranger than fiction; the power
of Christ over men was never more glo
riously exemplified than in missionary ef
fort. We see the workings of an over
ruling providence subduing the rebellious
kingdoms of the earth, and God has
caused the wrath of men to praise him.
"The story of the occupation of Tur
key, Siam, China and Japan is a marvel
ous narrative of the operation of divine
grace, the missionaries themselves ex
hibit the fairest typos of Christian chai
acter that the century has produced, in
their heroic self-secriflce; the work of
such men as McKay, Livingston and Mof
fett have been uncqualed in the world.
'The power of the gospel is wonderfully
illustrated in the conquests that have
been made over heathen depravity; mira.
cles have been wrought in the transfor
mations of degraded natures.
"Stanley has written of the astonishing
success of missionaries in Uganda which
has 120.000, where Stanley found scarcely
one Christian twenty years ago."
MISSIONARY ENTERPRISE.
At the Howard-street Methodist Epis
copal Church at 11 a. m. the pastor
preached on the threefold mission of
Christ, the church and the individual to
save the world, from Luke xxiv:26-27.
"Thus it is written, and thus it behooved
Christ to suffer, to rise again on the
third day, that repentance and remission
of sins might be preached in his name
among all nations, beginning at Jerusa
lem." The sermon was on Christian
missions, and he said in part: The ob
jection is made that the results of for
eign missionary work- are so inadequate.
Let us see. The most successful Christian
organization on this continent has been
Methodism, which from 176 Cto 18:<7 has
developed an actual membership of
5.500,00u and a constituency of 25,000,000.
The Methodist Episcopal church entered
China in IS4S, and was there ten years be
fore a single convert was made. We have
now a membership of 20,000 as the result
of thirty-nine years' work, but it took
our Methodist fathers twenty years to
where the feminine mind entertains that
acute foresight, the result of which is
manifested in the light, airy and sum
mery costume of the summer girl, so
appropriate for picnics.
The belles of "Fish alley" and the
"upper ten" of Waverly place were
seen at their best in variegated "pants"
this season In the gToves of San Mateo
County, but it is hoped that they will
cultivate their imitative faculty suffi
ciently during the next year to provide
an outing garment that will lead to some
clew to the possible distinction between
Mary and John.
The Six Companies have purchased 4000
trees from a gardener in Redwood City
at the rate of 5^ cents apiece, which
will be planted in their new cemetery
directly opposite Holy Cross. The trees
are a year old, and stand two feet aDove
the ground. Planting 1 will commence Im
mediately. A fence is to be erected round
the entire area of the burial place and
an enormous gate is to be placed
directly In front of the by-path leading
from the main road, and will afford the
only means of ingress and egTess.
The ground has been apportioned into
b!x distinct uivisions, one for each of
the six companies. Altars are also to
be erected and will occupy positions im
mediately in front of each separate bur
ial ground.
An enormous marble slab similar to
that to be used by the Ning Yun Asso
ciation is to be placed directly inside the
main gateway, and, like that of the Yun
Company, will be erected as a mark of
possession. The slab used for holding the
sacred punk will also be arranged simi
larly to that of the Yuns.
win that number in Christian America.
To do half as well in heathen non-pro
gressive China does not speak so badly
for results.
We entered India in 1557, but because of
the Sepoy rebellion our work scarcely
began until 1869. In these thirty-nine
years we have won a membership in
India of SI.OOO. It took thirty-six years to
do as well in America.
In Japan we have been laboring twenty
five years and number 4722. It took ten
years to win as many in America.
In ten years in Korea we have won to
Christ 1372. And we were seven years in
converting as many to Methodism in
America. Remember that our first con
vert from heathenism in Asia was made
in 1858, just thirty-nine years ago. and
that we now number of converts from
Asiatic heathenism and Mohammedism
106,592, and It took thirty-seven years in
America from the introduction of Meth
odism to win as many, leaving heatnen
Asia but two years behind. Methodism
has to-day in foreign countries as a
product of her missionary enterprises
165.000 converts, and it took us from 1766
to ISIO to win as many at h<>me.
William Carey began the Baptist mis
sions In Burmah in ISI4. Fifty-six years
later they numbered lOu.OOO converts, and
in our own work at home it took thirty
six years to win an equal number.
Captain Cook discovered the Sandwich
Islands about the time that the authori
ties in France were proclaiming that
there was no God. Fifty years later theso
islands were wholly Christianized and
taken from the list of missions, and be
came themselves liberal contributors to
missions. In 1*72. when the descendants
of these French atheists wore starving
from the effects of the German siege of
Paris, the children of the cannibals dis
covered by Captain Cook raised, and for
warded $2000 to relieve their sufferings.
The net profit of the commerce of the
T'nited States with the Sandwich Islands
amounts to a larper .^im than the whole
Christian world expanded for their con
version in fifty years. Now. tell me if
the results of missionary enterprise are
inadequate? And besides all this the
word of Christ Is that his word shall be
preached amonp all nations, beginning
with the worst and most hardened.
REV. DR. LOCKE ON GLAD
STONE.
The Christian manliness of England's
Grand Old Man was the subject selected
by Dr. C. E. L,ocke of the Central Meth
odist Church on Mission Street last
night. The preat statesman, who is
now hoveriner between life and death at
his home In Ilawarden was compared a»
second to none living- to-dny In his match
less championship for the rights and
equalities of. not only the English people,
but also of the entire human race. Glad-
Stone has done mure to prepare England
for a republican form of government than
all other men put together of the present
century. His manliness and his Chris
tian character went hand in hand all
through his eventful career. His defense
of the divinity of Christ against the on
slaughts of such a man as Ingersoll
proved to the thinking and reading world
that he was an exceptionally brilliant
man, and withal a sound believer in the
divinity of Christ.
NECESSITY OF REPENT
ANCE.
The mission which will be held at St.
Mary's Cathedral during this week was
commenced yesterday morning with sol
emn services. A solemn high mass was
celebrated at 11 o'clock, and a sermon on
the subject of the "Objects of the Mis
sion" was delivered by his grace Arch
bishop Riordan. The Rev. Father Hanni
gan acted as celebrant of mass, assisted
by Father C. A. Ramm as deacon, Father
Dempsey as sub-deacon and Father
Yorke as master of ceremonies.
Archbishop Riordan, in expounding the
subject of his address, brought out in
prominence and emphasized the necessity
of repentance as a means of redemption.
"The objects of the mission," he said,
"are to bring the indifferent and stray
sheep to repentance, and by cleansing
their souls bring them nearer to God.
The mission is to instruct and point out
the necessity of a thorough hatred of sin
as a means to eternal happiness." The
preacher cited various characters of the
Bible and spoke of the mission as highly
essential both fur the good and bad, and
not merely for the sinful, as many think.
At the conclusion of mass benediction
of the blessed sa'-rament was solemnized,
being said by the Archbishop, assisted by
the various priests.
The mission will close at vespers next
Sunday evening. During the week masses
will be said daily at 5:45, 7 and 9 o'clock.
A short instruction win be given at early
mas"s and a sermon at 9 o'clock. Rosary,
benediction and a special sermon by Fath
er Yorke will be given every evening.
Confessions will be held at all hours
Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
THE CALVARIAN SOCIETY.
The usual Lenten exercises of the Cal
varian Society were solemnly observed
at the cathedral yesterday afternoon.
Father Rarara delivered an eloquent ser
mon, taking for his text "God's Mercy."
The stations of the cross were said by
Father E. P. Dempsey; singing of the
Stabat Mater by the entire congregation
followed. Benediction was solemnized by
Father Ramm, assisted by Father Demp
sey.
LENTEN SERVICES.
The usual Lenten services were observed
by the cadets of the League of the Cross
in the various parishes throughout the
city yesterday afternoon. At St. Peters'
Church, in the Mission, the entire regi
ment in that parish attended service In
full uniform, the officers bearing the full
regimentals of the League. The churcn
was crowded by both young people and
old, and many of the hymns were sung
by the congregation as well as by the c&*
dets.
SERMON BY REV. FATHER
YORKE.
"What doth it profit a man if he gain
the whole world and suffer the loss of his
own soul?" was the subject of the first ol
a series of six sermons which will be d»
llvered by Father Yorke every evening of
the present week, and was delivered at
the cathedral last evening. The sermon
consisted of an expansion of the above
text, and was given for the purpose of
tracing man's duty towards God, and the
strict adherence to religious duty as the
only possible means of salvation and eter
nal happiness.
"We should strive after the happiness
that toucheth the soul and not that which
toucheth the body," said the preacher;
"to save our souls we must remember
that it is an individual duty that efceta
man must do for himself. What are the
glories of the world compared to those
above? Our minds should not be filled
with thoughts of the world, but w*
should consider where we came from and
whither we are going. God did not make
us for the world; he made us for him
self and placed us in the world in order
to fit ourselves to live with him everlast
ingly in the world to come, God put us
into the world and gave us life, and with
it the exercise of free will; but this soul
that he has breathed into our bodies can
not be saved by him, but must be done
so by our efforts alone."
"OUR SPANISH RELATIONS"
"Our Spanish Relations" was the sub
ject of an address delivered last evening
by Rev. W. E. Dugan at the Stewart
Memorial Presbyterian Church. In part
he said:
"Our relations with Spain are becoming
more and more critical. The Maine dis
aster was a terrible thing. But the cruel
ties of Spain as practiced upon the peo
ple of Cuba are atrocious beyond all idea.
The people are slowly but surely being
butchered through the process of starva
tion. Grim war is a dreadful thing but
inviting as compared to the crude sav
agery going on down in Cuba. Oh, God,
has the world swung back to heathenism
and the cruelties of despotic darkness?
Is the vile heart of Nero resurrected and
throbbing in the breast of the Spanish
nation today?
"Senator Thurston said in his speech on
the Cuban situation, 'Spain has set up
more crosses in more lands and under
them butchered more people than all
other nations of the globe combined.'
That butchery to-day is taking on a most
tyrannical and oppressive nature, and
shall we, the liberty-loving people of the
United States, tolerate it longer? Above
all, shall we, the followers of Jesus
Christ, stand indifferent while our broth
ers cringe in the cruel agonies of a death
of slow starvation? Peter brought the
power of oGd through his helping hand
and sympathetic heart to the poor crip
ple at the beautiful gate. Our brothers
in Cuba are in a more critical condition
than was that crippled beggar. The na
tions of the earth look on in cold in
difference. Let us, as the successors of
Peter and followers of Christ, demand our
own government to interfere and put an
end to things that are a disgrace to civ
ilization. When strong-hearted Senators
break down and weep lik^ babies as they
did when Thurston set before them the
awful atrocities, we may be sure that the
situation is most critical, and the poor
starving natives deserve the sympathy
and help of the people of civilization. In
the name of God let us give them all
neededhelp— firearms, if needed."
MURDERED IN
A BASEMENT
The Body of -Charles Gates, a
Tamale Seller, Found at
Midnight.
No Motive Assigned for th« Crime,
but It Is Believed to Have
Been Robbery.
Charles Gates, a tamale seller, doing
business on the corner of Broadway and
Thirteenth streets, Oakland, was found
cruelly murdered at midnight last night
by a party or parties unknown.
His body was found by an employe of
the store at the corner named. It was
lying in the basement under Steffnonia's
store. A piece of gaspipe, which may
have been the weapon of death, was lying
beside the dead man. No motive but rob
bers- is assigned to account for the crime.
Gates kept a tamale stand on this cor
ner, and is usually on hand all night. The
corner is one of the most prominent in
the city, being close to the Police Sta
tion and pedestrians are passing contin
ually. •■■'."•
Y. M. I. LECTURE BUREAU.
Arrangements of Details for the Ad
dress by F. Marlon Crawford.
The Y. M. I. Lecture Bureau met at the
Parrott building yesterday afternoon and
completed arrangements for the lecture
"L*?o XIII in the Vatican," to be
delivered by F. Marion Crawford at the
Calif' irnia Theater this evening under the
direction and for the benefit of the bu
re The president of the bureau reported
that Invitations had been extended to
many leading citizens, to grand officers of
the Y. M. I. and presidents of city coun
cils to occupy seats upon the stage with
the lecturer. His Honor Mayor Phelan
will preside. He also reported that the
boxes would be occupied by prominent
Catholics, who, by their presence and
support, evidenced their interest in the
lecture and their appreciation of the
work of the bureau.
The committee on tickets reported a
good sale of seats, and that reserved
seata would be on sale to-day at Sher
man & Clay's music store, corner Sutter
and Kearny streets.
The following officers of the Y. M. I.
were selected as a reception committee
to receive the invited guests: Hon. J. J.
McDade, supreme president of the. Y. M.
I • Hon. F. J. Murasky. Hon. J. F. Sul
livan Colonel J. F. Smith, Frank J.
Kierce, past grand presidents; Samuel
Haskins, grand president; George A.
Stanley, grand secretary; Martin W.
Fleming, president lecture bureau; R. A.
Miller, secretary lecture bureau; Ed
ward B. Thomas, chairman board of
grand directors; Edward J. O'Rourke,
secretary board of management.
COLUMBIA CLUB MARKSMEN.
Splendid Performances by Two of the
Members Over the Eay.
The regular meeting of the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club was held yesterday
at the Shell Mound range. C. M. Daisa
distinguished himself with some fine pis
tol work and A. B. Dorrell made an ex
cellent score with the 22-callber rifle,
making 18 points on the 50-yard range, or
an average of one and eight-tenths inch
circle. This is the best score ever made
on an open range here. Following art
the scores, Columbia target:
Slebe pistol medal, ten-shot scores, 50
vards-C. M. Daiss— 33. 37. 3S. 39. 42; J. E.
Gorman— 37, 3S, 41, 42, 45; F. O. Younij-13,
Twenty-two rifle medal and Roos tro
phy for ladies, 50 yards, off-hand, ten
shot scores— A. B. Dorrell— lß. 20. 20, 21, 26;
F. O. Young— 2l. 22. 26; Mrs. M. J. White—
40' Mrs. G. Manuel — 54.
All-comers' rifle medal, 200 yards, ten
shot scores, off-hand— F. O. Young— l 7. 17,
49; Dr. Rodgers-49, 52; A. H. Pape— s3, 58.
Bushnell military rifle medal, Creed
moor count— F. O. Young— 47, 45.
Members' rifle medal— J. E. Gorman—
58, 61; A. B. Dorrell— M. 68.
Fell Into the Bay.
Carrying a load of water front liquid
refreshment, Daniel McGlnness wended
his way down to the Second-street wharf
last evening and fell In. Patrick Riley.
the wharf watchman, heard the splash
and threw a rope to the drowning man
and held him in tow until a customs boat
came over from the mail dock and res
cued him. The Transit, which was com
ing to dock at the time of the accident,
had to be stopped until McGinness could
be gotten out of her track. The victim
of the accident was taken to the Harbor
Hospital to recuperate. He is an em
ploye of the Agnew stock farm, near San
Jose, and came In from Stockton yes
terday morning to see the town and is
perfectly satisfied to go back home after
his experience at the dock.
Sutro Slightly Improved.
From information eiven last evening
the condition of ex-Mayor Sutro was
slightly improved. The relatives are
more hopeful now than at any time since
his ailment first started.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis" Anti-Headache never tails. 25c.«
ANNA WAS
WELL PLEASED
Mongols Extend Profes
sional Courtesy to
Miss Held.
Midst Smell and Smoke a
Party of Theatrical People
See Chinatown.
The Guide Trie* to Explain Loca
Politics to a Frenchwoman
and. Faints.
Anna Held, the little French woman,
who has danced her way Into the
hearts of half the gay people on the
American continent, made her first ap
pearance on the San Francisco stage
last evening. Unfortunately she did not
do her regular specialty, but, for the
nonce, played the part of a spectator,
and consequently the large audience,
comprising Chinatown's four hundred,
who had gathered to see the ninety
seventh act of the latest Peking suc
cess, "The Green Dragon and the Yel
low Dog," missed the treat that their
white brethren will enjoy at the Bald
win this evening.
Miss Held is an inquisitive little bit
of Parisian femininity and the minute
her car rolls into a city she starts out
to see all of the place that is worth
looking at, in which laudable endeavor
every minute of her time, when she is
not on the stage, is employed. Yester
day she organized a party •to go
through Chinatown, after the fair Anna
herself had slept off the fatigue of an
afternoon ride to the Cliff, where she
had been to loo^c at "ze leetle zeel
skins."
Miss Held was awakened from her
slumbers in her private car, and going
into her boudoir emerged in a few
minutes clothed in a light brown street
dress and ready for her visit to the
haunts of the descendants of the Tartar
kings. So the whole party, consisting
of Miss Held herself, George Bowles,
her manager, F. Ziegfeld Jr. and
Charles Hanlon, the lawyer, who was
there as a guest of Mr. Bovles, started
off on their tour.
"Ees it not droll, ze musik, and ze
szmell, mais, but zat ees not zo droll
as ze odder," was the comprehensive
and critical remark that the Chinese
theater provoked as the party passed
through the doors and, forcing its way
through crowds of unwashed Cantonese
that lined the walls and blocked the
passage ways, took their places in a
stage box that had been decorated by
the management with a brand new
American flag in honor of the distin
guished professional visitor. Miss Held
sat and gazed at the stage with interest
while the audience of males in the pit
sat and "rubber-necked" at her heed
ful of the furious glances sent to them
by their jealous better-halves who were
seated in the women's gallery. The
men had not^seen anyone so attractive
as this girl #om across the water for
many a long day and resolved to have
all the fun they could out of the sight
while it lasted even though it meant a
hot time when they retired for the
night behind the dorflestic privacy of
their fireside mattings.
From the theater the party went
through opium dens, where the drowsy
devotes of the poppy awoke from their
dreams long enough to strike for a
dime and immediately relapsed into
their state of coma, through alleys
where ladies of no especial reputation
peeped at it from out strange little
barred windows and passed remarks
which were fortunately not understood;
to tea houses where Miss Held ate
French bon-bons and refused tea: to
Murderer's alley, where her disappoint
ment had been assuaged by the expla
nation that only the early morn
ing hours were devoted to kill
ing, owing to a superstition that it
was unlucy to get a shot or a stab
in the dark; to the Grand Hotel, where
the leper exhibited his shrunken limbs
and told about the time he used to do
politics for Dr. ODonnell, and where
the guide tried to explain to Miss Held
what politics meant, and was resusci
tated with difficulty; to a drug store
where perfume was purchased to kill
the odor of the opium joints, and where
the party hurried into the open air
trying to get rid of the perfume, and in
each place Miss Held would turn to the
person nearest to her and ask ques
tions in a mixture of French and Eng
lish which wera «-nly exceeded in their
unintelligibllity by the answers re
ceived.
The last place visited was a Chinese
pawnshop, whre Mr. Bowles seemed to
be perfectly at home and instinctively
reached for his watch, but recollecting
himself asked the Chinese behind the
counter what he would loan on the girl
and was promptly offered $500, with 5
per cent off, as the feet did not come up
to the Oriental standard.
As the party turned from Chinatown
proper into the environs on the t*ay
home Miss Held was heard to inquire
confidentially of the guide as to the
identity of "ze Mlstair Ah Zeed," who
she had heard was "ze fren of Mlstair
Billee Emerson, who maik ze pairsons
laugh."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
nnfti!T LetWHISKYget the BEST
Illy I of you. GETthe BEST of
VII ■■■.■ WHISKY, which is the
GENUINE
' : .'ttEH\ DISTILLERY
•k JOTM I BOTTLING OP
S h>« [IT |1
"M PEPPER
,^|h^^ tEntejv/ut Entejv/u Vjgk Bottled and Distilled
x f^^g^Si JAS. 1 PEPPER
I^Jgg., ;;' Lexington, Ky. <
' Hm^^SfflilJTlHlF—- -*' ' Under the tame FOR-
!• X*? V 'Uflt *~ - ' MULA for more than 100
■t-jJr. FnltfyjffiiL ""*".■ YEARS; Is guaranteed
«■■ i -TS'lSMfcMSgr"- i'| ABSOLUTELY the
I YEA RS; is guaranteed
■ TK"'E9SaH > ■■<■• t ABSOLUTELY the
\i * 4gj33«2^ ' PUREST and BEST in
If6|j||2j SAMPLE CASE $15
Sent on trial, which, if
no * satisfactory, can ba
•■ "■■ "■WrWlliH^"^ returned and money will
: be refunded.
CARROLL &~CARROLL,
;V3O6Market.» Street,
" Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast. '
WILL CASH ] PEPPER COUPONS,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Office
Desks
Like picture for <J> A Q (\f\
Best made; best finslt/iUU
ished ; polished oak. Really worth
$25.
We have them all sizes and
costs— as high as $75.
When you to look for a car-
are ready pet( ? a linoleum «
arc icduy c have an j
mense separate building full, await-
ing your inspection. Stock new
and at our 750 Mission-street prices
that please all.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
. 750 Mission St.
ALASKA
GOLD BONDS.
SECURITY— FOR
GRUBSTAKES.
THE ALASKA PROSPECTORS' BTNDl-
cate Company offers for Bale five thousand
(5000) non-Interest bearing bonds of the value
. of five dollars ($5 00) each.
The bondholders are guaranteed thirty per
cent (30%) of the gross proceeds of the product
of 35 to 40 prospectors in Alaska outfitted by
the company.
The following table shows the sum that
each $5 bond will realize for the investor on a
given gross product of any amount -from $100,-
000 to $2,000,000:
Total Product by Redemption Value of.
35 to 40 Men. Each $5 Bond.
$100,000 $6 00
. 200,000 . . 12 00
300,000 . 18 00
500,000 30 00
1,000,000 . 60 00
2.000,000 120 00 .
These bonds are secured by contracts with
and Insurance policies and collaterals from
prospectors to whom the company advances
60% of their expenses.
The bonds of the Alaska Prospectors' Syndi-
cate Company offer the completest protection to
those who desire to grubstake their acquaint-
ances. ' ; v:v V f-.
j|slr* A Subscriber to 25 Bonds is '
Entitled to Nominate One Pros-
pector.  .. ■..:::':; : :-i^~yt :
■ Gold mining under the most favorable cir-
cumstances 13 necessarily speculation, but
these bonds give those who find the money
much more of a show than is at all usual.
The bonds will be sold on the following
terms: On allotment, $1, and $1 per week
until raid.
Thousands of people who would go to Alas-
ka, and for one reason or another cannot, are |
prepared to invest in the chances open to all /
to get some share of the millions of gold that
will be gathered In the gold fields during the
next two years.
The Alaska Prospectors' Syndicate Company
offers Just such' an opportunity.
Agents wanted. Liberal commissions.
For further - information address or apply to
HENRY G.SHAW,
President Alaska Prospectors' , Syndicate Co.,
Room 32, No. 4 Slitter St.
SAN FRANCISCO.
Beware of Imitations
*•* Yiorcestersb'wet/^
JOHN DUNC/W8 SONS, AatKT*, NEW YORK.
00000 0000000000000
g«w PALACE wg
%CRAND "ot^Z
q SAN FRANCISCO. q
*f Connected by a covered passageway- _
® 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. «
© All Under One Manai;emb->'t. O
O . NOTE. THE PRICES: Q
r% European Plan. Si. OO per day and upward Q
w American Plan.*3.OO per day and upward >»
0 Correspondence Solicited. Q
j 0 JOHN C % KIRKPATHICK, Manager. q
I 000000 00000000000 o ]
KB A ra \i v 1 A 1 S n iT • i^^f I .a^A^l
1 when ".unwell," for pains, obstructions,
\^ and irregularities peculiar to the sex.
■ ■Recommended by the leading French '
i Specialists for diseases of -women ; Supe- .
; • rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and 1 injurious
j drugs. One bottle of Apioline" Capsules
lasts three months. * Sold by all druggists,
or by mail. $1. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office.
a*RE»tr$LL KNOWN AND RKI.IABLE OLU
X. feprt-iallst cures I'rtvate.Nervous.mooUaiidSklii
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored Over
20y«>ars' experience. Send for Book. free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. oto 3
daily;*:*) toB.3oe.Virs. Iotol2. Consult*
tlon free and sacredly connderitiaV Cail or address
i». ROSCOE ■•wum.-rr, m. »..
261^ KcaniT WrUt Man FrnnclMu. C«|,
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
COO MARKET ST., • OPP. < PALiACH'
V»O<3 Hotel. .Telephone 670. H«mdeao« Mi
V»Jeacl« »trt«U XtUpbon* "Cliurch" Ufc,THE semi-centennial anniversary
of the adm ssion of California Into
the Union will be celebrated in a
■way that will cause the memory
c Mldwin-er Fair to grow dim in
the mind of "Id and young. This
younger child of the popular fancy 1b
to be carried 'Ut on so vast a plan that
its predecessor will pale into insignifi
cance. That this is not mere talk is
shown by the fact that as each step is
taken toward securing the exposition
the enthusMsm grows in proportion
Not only i.< there ample time in which
to make pans and carry them out on
a grand s ale, but the men selected by
Mayor Phelan to do this form one of
the best bodies for that purpose that
could be found, the name of every man
being prima facie evidence that the
branch assigned to him will receive the
most careful consideration.
The time is too early for any plans
to be made known as yet, on account of
the fa t that premature publication, in
the oj inion of the committee, would do
more harm than good. That they will
do h nor to the originators the person
nel of the committee is a sufficient
guarantee.
"I think the suggestion of The Call
la excellent," said Supervisor Clinton
yesterday, "and that paper deserves
much credit for the manner in which it
has proceeded to urge the idea of a cel
ebration. It is not only fitting that we
should celebrate the fiftieth anniver
sary of the admission of the State into
the Union, but it will be found in the
long run a profitable undertaking. I
believe the matter will be safe in the
hands of the men his Honor the Mayor
has selected to act on the committee;
they are all men of experience, and men
who have shown in the past that they
take a Justifiable pride in doing all they
can for the advancement of the State.
Looking at the matter from a patriotic
standpoint, here is an excellent chance
for us to shine."
The vitlcultural branch of the cele
bration will rest in the hands of Charles
Bundschu, whose work in behalf of the
public as a director of the Merchants"
Association is a matter of record. He
is warm in his praise of the idea of a
grand exposition and will do all in his
power to advance viticultural interests
when the time for action comes.
"In my opinion," he stated yester
day, "this fair will mean much for the
State. We can make a magnificent
Buccess of it on account of the «xperi
ence gained during the time of the Mid
winter Fair. I shall do my utmost to
see that all the viticultural countries
are represented. My heart goes with
this movement. The Call has proved
by the capable manner in which it has
managed this affair so far that it is a
good leader for the people to stand be
hind and fight their way to recognition
in the business marts of the world."
Not only is the committee enthusias
tic over the prospects, but the support
it will receive ought to revive even a
faint heart and flagging footsteps. The
support of several of the States of the
great West has been promised already,
and the others will doubtless fall into
line wjien called upon. California is
a unit on the proposition. The trend
of opinion throughout the State on
the subject is so well shown by inter
views with the mayors of the various
cilies and towns, many of which have
b^en published. Others are given in \
this Issue. It will be a.n enormous un
dertaking, but the fruits will be rich
reward for the labor.
COL. JOHN W. McKENZIE.
POut at 120 Broad street, Ocean View, lies the paralyzed form of one of Uncle
rani's bravest men. This Is not putting It any too strong, as the military his
tory of the. Mexican war bears out the assertion that none of .the- thousand* .-of
American soldiers distinguished himself for valor more than did Sergeant John
W McKenzie of Duncan's famous battery at the battles of Palo Alto. Buena
Vista and in front of the walls of the City of Mexico. . • ■
It was he who fired the first shot at the. battle of C Palo Alto, and remained
at his gun all through the entire engagement, although slightly wounded in the
left side. Similar service was performed by him at the battle of Buena Vista
but it was at the battle of the City of Mexico that he crowned himself with
slorv Here every other man attached to his battery was shot down and he
l on£ remained at the gun and kept pumping shot and shell into the swarthy
hides of The Mexicans until victory was declared. During the heat of the fight he
with none to Ld him in handling his gun loaded and fired in his own time with
out raving command from any person, for the good', reason that there was
none to give him orders. Commissioned and non-commissioned officers and
™L-w,.resho down. -but- brave McKenzie stood at his gun. stepping over
mmmmmmm
wmmmmmm
;ne^ror^^^
° f -eandifaUhfui.to the
ailment is WM^^o^^^M^M^s^
Ble Jr.. the well-known professor of music, makes visits l ° m in wark.
tie Jr.. the well-known professor, of music, makes visits W-»» in Newark.
Colonel John Washington McKenzle^^born, of | c^ h e X tt e ce nntn d t3 ln uhe F irst
B-ViU«iU 1 ■ , : — — — — - tJ ".--. ■',"/•-•"",-,. ■'•*v-.,'-J-.-v^ -.*';'-- ■:,- ■■■■.:::.:''. ■ ■'':'
OUR GOLDEN WEDDING.
ALL GOTHAM WOULD
GAZE AND WONDER.
Some Ideas on Amusement Features Con
tributed by Manager S. H.
Friedlander.
Perhaps it might be deemed too early yet to say anything
about the plans of the proposed semi-centennial celebration, but this
can hardly be said of generalities. Publication of the fact that we
are going to have features of vast interest in the various branches
can do nothing but awaken enthusiasm in the public mind. To me
has been accorded the handling of the amusement branch of the un
dertaking, and I make bold to say that it shall be the effort of my
life to give the people features of interest never seen in the State
before — I might safely say that many of them have never been on
this side of the Atlantic. And all this is to be taken as entirely ex
clusive of the theaters, all to be outdoor amusements. From Paris di
rect will come some ideas on parades that would make even the
Gothamites open their eyes. Many of these amusement features had
been prepared for the proposed Golden Jubilee, and they will come
in handy enough now. — S. H. Friedlander in an interview.
TULARE WILL CHEERFULLY ASSIST
The Exposition Should Be Made One of the Most
Imposing Events of the Century.
TULARE, March 26.— D. J. F. Reed, Mayor of Tulare, was asked for an
expression of his views In regard to the semi-centennial exposition to be held
in 1900. Mayor Reed is one of those
progressive, liberal, energetic and
level-headed officials whose Influence
in a community is easily recognized.
He is a prosperous stock dealer and
fruit farmer, and has done valiant ser
vice for Tulare in procuring right-of
way in this district for the Valley
Road.
Said he: Let me assure you that
am heartily glad to express my sent
ments upon this matter through th
medium of The Call. For clean jour
nalism and abundant enterprise com
mend me to The Call. I cheerfully In
dorse the suggestion for an expositio
In 1900 on the lines suggested by Th
Call, and feel sure that Tulare will ren
der any and every assistance to insur
the success of the proposed celebra
tlon. It should be an exposition worthy
of the great State of California, and
should Include not only California, but
the entire Pacific Coast. Our combined efforts should be able to make It one
of the most imposing events of the century, for nowhere on earth is a more
delightful dim- where the resources are so rich as in our Golden State. The
manifold advantages of a home in California are so numerous as to require
but an enumeration to impress upon the minds of our visitors from the
East the fact that here is the most favored spot upon the globe.
Thousands within the next decade will seek and create homes In Califor
nia, and many of these will be induced to come by the aid of a judicious pre
sentation of our varied advantages, which can be done so successfully by
the proposed exposition.
Exhibits and expositions which demonstrate the rapid steps of our ma
terial progress are among the most potent of advertisements and are far
reaching in effect.
Thousands •would visit the State at that time, who would receive an ob
ject lesson, and many would become residents and others missionaries for our
Golden State. Of course I would favor holding the exposition in Tulare, the
railroad center of the San Joaquin Valley. You can quote me as enthusi
astically in favor of the exposition, and anxious to aid in any way possible.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1898.
NATIONAL
GUARD NOTES
The Sectional Line to Be
Obliterated If That Is
Possible.
Captain Perkins' Signal Corps
Is the Crackerjack of the
Local Guard.
Review of the Inspections in This
City — The Cadet C->rps Has
Redeemed Itself.
Major-General Dickinson returned to
this city last week and discussed a plan
to go south, intending to leave here on the
7th of May and be present during the in
spection of companies of the Third Brig
ade and those of the First Brigade and
the inspection of the naval divisions at
the several points on the southern coast.
One purpose of his presence In that seu
tion is to use his influence to erase the
sectional line north and south of the Te
hachapi which has had much to do in
past years in preventing the Guard of this
I State from being a unit. Upon this visit
he will be accompanied by as many of his
staff as can accompany him, and It Is
i probable that Colonel James F. Smith of
the First Infantry will meet him In San
Diego on the 16th of May, when the divi
sion of the naval militia will be inspect
ed and there Is to be a cruise on the Pin
ta.
The vacancy on the division staff caused
by the acceptance of the resignation of j.
Alva Watt, judge-advocate, has not yet
been filled, but the position has been ten
dered to J. J. Dwyer, a well-known at
torney of this city. He was formerly a
member of the old Third Regiment.
The uniform board met on Saturday
and opened bids for caps, but owing to
some informality in the matter of pre
senting the figures by one biddar decision
was reserved until to-morrow. The bids
range from 82 cents and a fraction to $1 25
for each cap. *_*_.«
Six separate demands for cadet rifles
for the cadet corps have been made, but
in each case no heed has been paid to
these requests.
By general orders from general head
quarters Frank de L. Carrington, cai»
tain U. S. A., inspector of the N. G. 0.,
will act in conjunction with each brigade
inspector and examine all unserviceable
ordnance, quartermaster's stores, uni
forms etc. He is appointed a board of
survey and will report recommendations
as to such disposition as will be for the
best interest of the State.
The same orders permit the use of
stamps or fac-similes of signatures to be
used in forwarding or transmitting all
papers which do not require the personal
action or approval of the officer on tht»
contents It also directs that the saddle
cloths for the staff corps shall be dark
blue with an edging of gold lace one inch
wide' in the corner shall be the insignia
as prescribed for the collar of the officer'!,
undress coat, omitting the letters N. G.
C ■ for all other officers the cloth shall b*
of the same color with the number of the
regiment in enamel leather figures two
and one-half inches long, on each flank
corner, the edge to be trimmed with
enamel leather, edge and figures to be of
the color of the respective arm of the
service to which the officer belongs.
THE LOCAL INSPECTIONS.
, A. review ol tie inspections in tue First ,
IS FEASIBLE AND PRACTICABLE.
Next Legislature Should Make Suitable Financial
Provision for the Event.
STOCKTON, March 26.— Mayor Inglis approves of The Call's suggestions
concerning the semi-centennial exposition most he rtlly.
«<t j« -nn* coo iinnr nir Invn.l f!a!lfor-
Coast will reap a thousand fold blessing in the new capital and high
class immigration which will be attracted to our midst. By that time the
Valley road will have reached San Francisco, our rivers and harbors will
have been improved and a hundred other great developments made which are
now planned. San Francisco is the natural location for such an event, and
not only the Pacific Coast but the entire inter-mountain country should join
hands and begin working at once for the success of the exposition. Work is
what tells a d there is no better time to begin than now. I believe that the
coming Legislature should make suitable financial recognition of the coming
event and the matter should be put in presentable shape at once and a defi
nite plan of work be outlined. Of course many of our municipal and county
bodies will change hands before then, but the ground work can be laid.
"There is one matter I would urge upon the interior of the State, and that
is that petty jealousies of the State's metropolis should be laid aside. San
Francisco is not California, nor California San Francisco, and those who
. ppk to alienate the interior from supporting the enterprising people of that
rftv are no friends of the State. San Joaquin Valley cannot move forward
without helping San Francisco and that city cannot be prosperous without
the interior reaping some of the benefits. You can put me down as a
friend of the semi-centennial exposition, as I believe that from whatever
notnt viewed it is the one great enterprise now in view that should enlist
the support of every public spirited citizen of the Golden West."
FROM A COMMERCIAL STANDPOINT.
It Would Prove of Inestimable Benefit to the Whole
AUBURN, March 26.— The Call's proposition for a proposed semi-centen
nial exposition to mark the fiftieth milestone of California's statehood is a
capital idea, and should meet with the
approval of every patriotic citizen.
Outside the beautiful sentiment thus
expressed, it will prove of incalculable
benefit to the State from a business
standpoint. No better opportunity
could be found In which to advertise
to the outside world the State's many
advantages, commercially and other
wise. Placer County, with its wonder
ful diversity of Interests— mining, fruit
growing, lumbering and farming
would certainly be the gainer by such
an exposition.
J. W. MORGAN,
Mayor, Auburn, CaL
Infantry Reglment*that were closed last
week shows that taken as a whole the
eleven companies inspected showed to
much better advantage than the majority
of them did the year previous. There
is a question as to which company made
the best all-around showing, and military
men are in doubt as to whom to award
the crown of laurel, one-half inclining to
Company K. Captain Cunningham, and
the other half to Company M, Captain
O'Xeil All admit that both companies
did exceedingly well, yet each was at
fault in some matters and the faults
charged against one company balanced
the faults charged against the other. ]
will require the decision of the inspector
to determine which one of these com
panies is entitled to the honor of being
the best. .___. «__j
The Cadet Corps made a showing that
was very creditable and will win for it
many points. The band, to use a current
phrase, was "all right," the cavalry might
have made a better showing, but the
signal corps was up to the standard, that
of excellence, while the staff was as fine
a show as good cloth, well-fitting clothes
and accompanying gold lace could make
the wean-rs appear.
The report of the inspector will show
that much of the clothing is unfit for
service and that the uniforms ordered
cannot come too soon. As to other details
they will appear in the report. Having
concluded in San Francisco except as to
one company, the inspector went to work
Inspecting the companies of the Fifth
Regiment.
THE NATIONALS.
Tho inspection of Companies C and G
(the Nationals) was held last Monday
night in the Ellis-street armory in the
presence of quite a number of people.
While the two companies, G, Captain Sut
liffe, first inspected, and then C, Captain
Dumbrell, made a creditable showing
there was not, from a military standpoint,
the bearing and vim for which these
companies were noted a few years ago.
Prior to falling in there was some mis
understanding, possibly because the men
had not received positive instructions on
the subject as to how they should wear
canteens and haversacks. There was ap
parent lack of instruction as to whether
| the men should wear the canteen slung
j over the haversack or wear It on the op
j posite side. The men asked each other
I and some of the officers were asked and
I after considerable talk the men appeared
j with the canteen on the right hip and the
i haversack on the left. There was but
I one company that during the inspections
demonstrated that it knew how to wear
the canteen, and that was the signal
corps. The men of that body carried the
haversac.K on the left, the web belt hold
ing down the straps and the canteen over
the haversack, but the back strap only
held by the belt. There was a lack o"f
uniformity in C and G in the matter of
scabbards, some of the men wearing them
| over the haversack and some under.
I These are matters of minor detail, but
i they create confusion and are proof that
there is not enough attention paid to
i minor matters, many of them essential
I to the proper make-up of the soldier.
The companies drilled in close order,
Company C adding loading and firing.
The companies made several breaks by
reason of the fact that only a portion of
the men when moving as platoons could
hear the orders of the commanding of
ficer.
THE SIGNAL CORPS.
The Inspection of the signal corps of
the Second Brigade. Captain P. J. Per
kins commanding, at the Ellis-street ar
mory on Wednesday night brought to a
close in this city the inspection of the lo
j cal companies except that of Company
B, Captain Fillmer. There were pres
ent, as there always is, when this crack
erjack corps has anything unusual on
hand, a large number of ladies and their
escorts, for this corps excels In person
nel, precision in carrying out the mili
tary law, drilling and in signaling, and
the ladies believe that it is their duty to
encourage the men by their presence.
Not only do the ladies think so, but many
of the old-time guardsmen, who since
retirement seldom take interest in tho
attain of the guard, make* it a busl
1 vesa to visit tbis corps wbea tbere is an
nian can feel otherwise," said the
Mayor this morning. "The project ap
peals to us from both patriotic and
business principles. . The j lan as con
ceived by Ine Call is both feasible and
practicable. Cominp as N will on the
dawn of a new century when the en
tire world is given up to a celebration
of the achievements of the most nota
ble century in written history, it will
be easy to divert the attention of the
sight-se^rs in Paris to the wonderful
new land which was touched by the
hand of Anglo-Saxon civilization less
than a half century ago. California
an I the Pacific Coast will never have
such an opportunity to show her won
ders as then, and the people of the
State.
inspection. There were a number of such
present on Wednesday night, as well as
active members. Among the spectators
were Brigadier-General Warfield, Colonel
Geisting, Colonel Frank Sumner (retired).
Major Evans, Major Schmitt, Captains
C P Le Breton and Woods (retired) and
Captain Cunningham of Company X,
First Infantry.
The corps, all present Dut two, one be
ing in attendance on a court in Santa
llosa as a witness and the other being
sick presented a fine soldierly appear
ance, with one exception and that was
the fatigue hats, which detract from
the make-up of the soldiers. Still the
men were not at fault, they were ordered
to wear them and they had to put on
what the State furnished. They were
properly sized, their uniforms were, as
they always are. exceedingly neat, the
men wore their haversacks and canteens
as they should, which was not done gen
erally during the present inspections,
their carbines and revolvers were in nrst
class condition, but the revolvers did not
meet the approval of the brigade Inspec
tor Major Jansen, who remarked still
the same old revolvers." It is likely that
h-> will recommend that the men be
armed with the new pattern. The drill
ing was in platoon movements and fir
ings, and each was so perfect that it won
the hearty commendations of spectators
as well as the inspector. Captain Car
rington was not present at this inspec
tion.
TROOP A, CAVALRY.
Troop A, Captain Burnett, was inspect
ed on Wednesday night by the brigade in
spector, assisted by Captain Carrington.
There were fifty-seven present and three
absent, but the men did not make as
good an appearance as some other
branches of the guard. There were quite
a number of the men without revolvers
! but that was not their fault as they did
| not have them to form part of the ac
i couterments. The inspection revealed
the fact that there are twenty-two re
i vo?vers short, and it is likely that the
bondsmen of the late Captain Jenks who
was the commander of the troop before
the present commanding officer, will be
called upon to either have the weapons
restored or their value, made good. There
was drill in close order and saber drill,
but as the company has many new men
in it who have not yet mastered the mi
i tricaeies of drill with carbine and saber,
| tho showing did not come up to the
' standard.
• THE REGIMENTAL ARMORER.
The room of the regimental armorer,
C. M. Sheldon, in the Page-street ar
mory was also inspected by the brigade
inspector, and in it he found a complete
outfit for refilling the shells that are used
in rifle practice. The armorer finds much
of his spare time taken up in the work of
refilling the shells, and that, in addition
to his other duties, keeps him pretty
busy.
THE CADET COMPANY.
The cadet company attached to the
First Regiment of infantry, which at the
previous inspection was without excep
tion the worst to show up, has redeemed
itself. Captain Bartlett upon assuming
! command a few months since expressed
a determination to wipe out the stain that
had been cast upon the organization by
the report of the inspecting officer, and
the showing at the regimental armory
last Monday afternoon proved that he
had done much to carry out his determi
nation. In the first place all the boys
who were too small or physically too
weak to undergo the ordeal of drill with
1 regulation old-time rifles instead of cadet
rirtcs such as this corps ought to be pro
vided with, have been weeded out and a
better class or boys have been substi
tuted- then the corps has been recruite/i
i up to' within one of the maximum, name
i lv 102 but for want of uniforms there
i were but 85 in line. Before the inspection
'by Major Jansen the members of the
corps were critically examined by Colonel
Smith of the First, and after that they
IrTre inspected by the brigade inspector
and Captain Carrington. All the faults
that had been pointed out in the report of
the previous inspection by the same
officer had been rectified, me rifles were
! in fine condition, the aecouterments up to
I the standard and the appearance o£ tnose
ALL THE ESSENTIALS ARE HERE.
Concentrated Action Now Will Assure a Grand
Success for the Semi-Centennial.
Hon. T. L. Carothers, Mayor of Ukiah City, Cal., says: The Mldwin
ter Fair was of exceeding benefit to our Golden State in demonstrating to
to be held in Paris in 1900. We have
the resources, the products and the climate, which are necessary essentials
to the entertainment of strangers to our shores, not only temporarily, but to
induce them to make our State their home. "What we need now is concen
position, and the affair cannot fail of being a success. The Semi-Centennial
Celebration of the admission of California to the Union could not be more
appropriately observed than by such an exposition as proposed. All sectional
strife and divisional lines should be ignored in the observance of our golden
wedding to the Union, and every man, be he a Native Son or an adopted citi
zen, should use his best endeavors for the success of the exposition. I am
heartily in favor of the Exposition, and hope that the most sanguine expec
tations of the promoters may be reali zed.
IT WILL BE THE PROPER THING.
Gilroy's Mayor Tells of the Advantages That Would
Accrue to the State.
GILROT, March 26.— Mayor M. Ca sey of Gilroy has the following to say
concerning the semi-centennial exposition in 1900, as suggested by The Call:
"There is a great deal of work in
store for those who undertake it, but
the promoters and the State will be re
munerated a hundred fold. I am in
favor of any demonstration which will
keep California to the fore, and my
opinion is that an exposition in 1900
will be just the proper thing.
"We have already experienced the
advantages that the Midwinter Fair
accomplished in advertising our State,
and I say, keep at it. California has
always been a point of attraction,
beckoning tourists hither from afar,
but there has been no place where they
could be taken and shown all the re
sources of this glorious State.
"My opinion is that every county in
the State should take an active part
in this exposition and thereby make it
a gTand success.
"It has always been demonstrated that nothing is too vast for California,
and I believe there is a great future in store for her if we do not allow our
selves to grow indolent and lazy. We must all work in harmony and together
to accomplish the best results. The plan is a grand conception, and I hope
It will be pushed through to a finish."
M. CASEY, Mayor of the City of Gilroy.
in the ranks was very commendable. The
corps was drilled in extended order, the
movements were well executed, and the
young men were complimented by the in
spector for being the only company that
drilled by bugle sounds. There was an
exemplification of the bayonet drill by a
picked squad, and it was highly com
mended. It is likely that the report of the
inspector will show excellent in almost
everything.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
As has already been announced Captain
L. H. Turner, commanding the Naval
Militia, has gone to Alaska on business
connected with the settlement of an in- j
surance claim, and it was stated on Satur- |
day that he may be absent four months. I
Lieutenant-Commander Nerney, acting
captain, on Saturday issued orders dis
continuing the practice of allowing
visitors to go on board of the Marion, for
the reason that there are not enough men
on the vessel to accompany those who
may wish to inspect the vessel. The ves
sel is now as if she were in actual war
service, the same regulations as to the
arming of the men on board, the standing
of watches and boarding and leaving the
ship being enforced.
Yesterday a number of the men belong
ing to the two divisions were out on the
bay for boat drill. While it was not an
official drill it was for practice, for the
men seem to be anxious to learn all they
can, and, with that end in view, practice
when they have an opportunity.
The report from general headquarters
places the numerical strength on the Ist
of March of the militia at 414. At this
time it is 421. _, „ _, '
The Pinta reached San Diego all right
after a pleasant cruise, and the members
of the division at that point took posses
sion. They are making preparations for
the inspection and cruise on the 16th of
The division commander has issued an
order that the officers of the Naval
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CITY OF lip PARIS.
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Cloak andSuij Department a I
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK. fT\^ |
TAILOR SUITS, in six different colors, all- jf/\ \1 kv
wool tweeds, lined throughout with striped silk, |*C\ \\M $
$18.00, worth $25.00. <|
A complete line of WOOLEN DRESS SKIRTS 7j T T
just received. Price $7.50 and $8.00. Extra // I \
good values. // I\. " \ ®
Our selections in Imported and Fancy //I'll \
Costumes, also in Lace and Embroidered Capes, // /
is the most complete in the city, at prices // //
lower than elsewhere. /J I I Is 1 ®
Dress-Making and Tailor-Made Suits a Specialty. /j" / / / l| \\ ®
Visit Our New and Elegant Millinery Department. S-W, / |^l __ Ujg
Country Orders Promptly Attended to«_ (ft
CITY OF MIfDRY GOOdTcOMPANY, I
SE. Coxner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE. <§
the people of the East and elsewhere
the advantages of our delightful cli
mate, and in calling their attention to
the wonderful products and resources
of the State. But, in my opinion, such
an exposition in 1900 as suggested by
The Call would far exceed in good re
sults the Midwinter Fair, owing to the
vastness of the undertaking, and the
greater and larger scale upon vhich it
would be conducted. I believe that not
only California has an interest in the
success of the proposed exposition, but
that the entire Pacific Coast should use
every endeavor to make the affair a
grand success. I believe that we In
California can hold an exposition such
as would be a serious rival to the one
| Militia shall hereafter report to division
I headquarters.
THIRD BRIGADE.
VISALIA, March 26.— Company E of
this city is on the eve of another election
for captain, the present commander, Cap
tain Fred W. Ward, having declined to
serve another term, owing to a rush of
business matters. He has done remark
ably well in the past two years and ha 3
brought the company up to a position well
in the front rank with any other company
in the State. It is almost a settled fact
that the next captain of the company will
be George W. Stewart, the newly elected
Register of the Land Office here.
Every man in the company has signed a
petition asking him to take the office. He
was for several years an officer in the
company.
Colonel Hay of Fresno will be here on
the 22d of April to conduct the annual in
spection of the local company. Captain
Carrington of the regular army is also
expected to be present.
Colonel Stuart S. Wright was down
from Fresno last night to confer with the
officers of Company E in regard to prep
arations for placing the militia on a war
footing.
Private Samuel Hulen has passed ex
amination and has been recommended for
promotion to corporal.
For the Wolfe Tone Monument Fund.
The receipts of the St. Patrick's day
celebration amounted to $956 50 and the
expenditures were $674 15, leaving a bal
ance of $252 35 for the Wolfe Tone monu
ment fund. This financial result was re
ported at a meeting of the St. Patrick' 3
day convention held yesterday at the K.
R. B. Hall. The proceeds of the celebra
tion were not as great as had been ex
pected, yet the entertainment provided
was a gratifying success and the members
of the convention felt that their duty had
been done well.
The game of chess is taught in all th«
Austrian public schools.
1112
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, In pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8, Article XI, of the Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I— BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICLE 11-LECJSLATIVE DEPARf-
M ENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter Hl— Contracts.
ARTICLE III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
Monej s.
pter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter 111— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
ipter V— Tax Collector.
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
pter Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I— Board of Public Works.
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter lll— Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV — Sewers and Drainage.
Chapter V — Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII — PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Chapter I— Board of Education.-
Chapter II — Schools.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board of
Education.
Chapter IV— Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, In
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by "that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have and use a
common -seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real and personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, in fee simple, or
in trust fur charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts necessary to
carry out the purposes of tuch gifts,
bequests and donations, with power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of San Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recovery of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or equity, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk,
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
said defects originally existed, or
Whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; nor shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but. in any such
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
In the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
gence such defect remains unrepaired
shall be jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis*
co shall be vested in a legislative body,
which shall be designated the Board of
Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated in this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
Bha.ll consist of eighteen members, all
ARTICLE Vll— Continued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms. •
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I — Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII-ACQUISTTION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII— CIVIL SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
; of whom shall hold office for two years,
i and shall be elected from the City and
i County at large. Each one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
; twelve hundred dollars.
Every person who has served as
: Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
| Supervisors and to participate in its
I debates, but shall not be entitled to a
| vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board ehall constitute a quorum,
i but a less number may adjourn from
| day to day and compel the attendance
I of absent members in such manner and
| under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
! and allow the same to be published.
| The ayes and noes shall on demand of
j any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
I pro tempore from its own members,
j who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The Board shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal holiday, then on the next day.
j The Board shall not adjourn to any
I other place than to its re Uar place of
j meeting, except in case of great neces
j sity or emergency. The meetings of
i the Board shall be public
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the- People of the City and
County of San Francisco as follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
Ibe taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to its title; but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as Is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon its
final passage in the Board and fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, MOXDAY, MARCH 28, 1898.
be renewed before one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding: for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
hundred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. Bui
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of euch neces-
Bity.
Sco, 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more Items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill nt the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or item*
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Each item so objected to
shull be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance ?hall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. IG. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
it he shall sign it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob.
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
thi' same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by th<»
Mayor. If the bill or resolution shall fail
to receive the Vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be doomed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
Sec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. IS. No ordinance shall bo re
pealed except by ordinance adopted In
the manner hereinbefore set out. and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Bee. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
Mftyor for his approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provided for the passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolution's
directing the payment of money other ;
than salaries or wages, when the |
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and le.eral holidays ex
cepted) in the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. Whenever there shall be pre
sented to the Board of Election Com
missioners a petition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fifteen per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City and County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such petition, be submitted
to a vote of the electors of the City and
County, the Board of Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to the vote of the electors at
the next election.
The signatures to the petition need
i not all be appended to one paper, but
i each signer shall add to his signature j
i his place of reridence, giving the street
j and number. One of the signers of
| each such paper shall make oath be
| fore an officer competent to administer ■
I oaths, that the statements therein I
| made are true, and that each signature |
; to the paper appended Is the genuine
i signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FUR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
I "AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
| ing the nature of the proposed ordi
j nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
claim such fact: ..nd upon such procla
! mation such ordinance shall have the
j same force and effect as an ordinance
I passed by the Supervisors and ap- j
I proved by the Mayor, and the same i
} shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may submit
a proposition for the repeal of such j
ordinance, or for amendments thereto, !
for vote at any succeeding election; and |
should such proposition, so submitted, j
I receive a majority of the votes cast
thereon at such election, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided in this Char
ter, every ordinance involving the
granting by the Ctty and County of
any franchise for the supply of light
or water, or for the lease or sale of any
public utility, or for thepurehaseof land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be submitted to the vote
of the electors of the City and County
at the election next ensuing after the
adoption of such ordinance.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
Tf a. majority nf the votes cast upon
I such ordinance shall he in. favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, within thirty
days from the time of such election,
proclaim such fact: and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall haA'e
the same force and effect as an ordi
! nance passed by the Supervisors and
i approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or saJe
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be of any force or effect ex
cept it be made by ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
In this section provided.
See. 22. Whenever there shall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
sierned by a number of voters equal to
fifteen per centum of the votes cast at
the last precediner State or municipal
election, asking that an amendment or
amendments t this Charter, to be pet
out in such petition, be submitted to
the people, the Board must submit to
the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
place of residence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fore an of cer competent to administer
oaths that the statements made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other cases of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the subject in
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
if at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc the
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
"AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be in favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such election, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accordingly.
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter contained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all necessary local, police, sani
tary and other laws and regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of California, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the street?, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and County.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as not to interfere with the use of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Hoard may see fit to impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden buildings or structures shall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same within such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lish.il shall not be changed except by
extension.
6. To provide for the abatement or
summary removal of any nuisance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
7. To regulate the use of hackney car
riages and public passenger vehicles,
and to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggage.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all necessary mlrs and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persons charged
with insanity, separate and apart from
places where criminals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. T<> establish, maintain and regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing of
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use of water, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
County, or to the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quaJity of the ser
vice.
15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this Charter.
1(5. To proscribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on conviction of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part thereof to any society that shall
efficiently 1 aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
Court, to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon Inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each Interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and sewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any calendar day, and that th .
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there Is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of suci. roads using the
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed and in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep In repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction cand repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. To convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act at the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the use of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors must appropriate
annually to the Mayor th!rty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
vouchers.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of throe to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port "in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap-
Sec 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of account of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If.
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders or
the Committee.
Sec 6. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec 6 The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise. It shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise' or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment; and a further statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
I sureties to be approved by the Mayor
In a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly observe, .fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi
tions terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the same shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open
such bids and award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no |
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated j
percentage offered to be paid for the |
franchise shall be at least three per [
centum of such gross receipts during j
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years, I
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises |
must be In accordance with the provls- j
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of Public Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors may reject any |
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a ',
franchise for any part of the route for I
which ax>plication was made. Every j
ordinance making such grant shall re- i
quire the concurrence of three-fourthsof i
all the members of the Board of Super- j
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May- i
or, and at least ninety days shall in- j
tervene between the introduction and j
final passage of any such ordinance. It j
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all |
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance j
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re- i
quired by this Charter, and such other |
conditions as may be prescribed by the i
Supervisors, that the per centum of the !
gross receipts of the railway shall be \
paid into the treasury on or before the ;
tenth day of the next ensuing month !
after such gross receipts shall have i
been earned; and upon the further con- !
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road- (
track, and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public ;
streets, shall become the property of i
the City and County; and that the :
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof, :
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of i
said conditions shall work an immedi- |
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall mane and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not he renewed
or regranted. and that the J ioard shall
at all times have the power r .o regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those '
usintr, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that tshe Finance
Committee of the Board s-hall at all
times be permitted to exam'ne and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up- ;
on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts.
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the .property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall ■
have power to lease such property to |
any person, company or corporation af- j
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance authorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit- '
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the j
electors of the City and County, and j
unless said ordinance shall at said elec- '
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTEB 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, public insti
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for In this
Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for
not less than ten days in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
other necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
year, and It shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions in this Charter provided
as t? competitive ,-idding for supplies
we strictly followed, and no contract
shall bemade fit a,y of the sa^ „„.
with a certificate of »f posit or certged
check on a solvent bank in^ the City
and County of ten p-r centum on the
amount of the bid. psyab c at sight to
the order of the Clerk of. the Supers
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five days af- .
ter such award fail 1 , or neglect -to enter
into the contract and ale the required
i bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same into the treas
ury; and .under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check o
the proceeds thereof b>. returned to
such" defaulting bidder. \ l~ . .
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the- aforesaid articles stall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule , may
be found in the office of ; tie Clerk of
the Board of. Supervisors;; and sna
also state that such articles are to De
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in ; such manner, ts the su- .
pervisors may designate. Any bidder
may bid separately for any artic «
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a bid
embraces more than one article, tne
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment for proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, and the
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar- .
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. The
Supervisors shall require bonds with,
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The ClerK
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds. • ■■
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at*.#T
an hour and place to be stated in the **■*
advertisement for proposals, in the
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in. charge of the of
fice institution or department for
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in the
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null ana
void, and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such mi3fea- "
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in lik»
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a,
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a hnna fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. j In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
Inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising shall*
be charged or contracted for. at a high
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same is charged or contracted for.
' except in the case of the delinquent tax
list.
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising is made shall be
known and designated as the "official
I newspaper." , • Uj
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall hit let to the lowest r^
sponsible bidde' on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorised by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clf rk of the Supervisors
shall annually, Mn4er the direction of
the Supervisor^, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment, books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for :: -> tionery shall be
separate from those for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less : quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids" for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers ■. and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City, and County, in- .
eluding the forms, papers and blanks
now. used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
consecutively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No. — —
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured,, as the same may be required
from time ,to time during such period. _
and the amount of the bond that will be^
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired. • ■ • i : „
He shall keep accounts in detail,
charging himself with all goods re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as :. hereinafter provided. When
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after, the .
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor. -/;
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the .
Supervisors in detail, the amount 'of ,
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and delivered to
any department or officer. : - ;,-
Sec. 4. Any officer, of • the City and
County, or of any: department thereof,
who; shall, aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a higher price or
rate than that proposed by any other
bidder, ; or who shall : favor one bidder
over i another. , by . giving. or withholding
information, or who shall willfully misA^.
lead any bidder In regard to the char
acter of the material sor supplies called
for, or who shall ■ knowingly accept ma
terials or supplies of a quality,; inferior
to that called for by : the contract, or
who shall knowingly certify to a great
er amount of labor performed" than has
been actually performed, : or ito the re
ceipt- of ; a greater amount \or differentbeen ant material or supplies than has
V Ua ly / eceivea> shall be deemed
mnl y A / mlß *easano< and shall be re
moved from office. /
thiß o^" All cont ra<-ts provided for In i
ex2sm£? rtei must be in writin S and :
2 ed , in A he najne of the Cit >' and i
tr™ y by the Ma/or All such con - :
Cle^k n must be countersigned by the '
ie.K of the Supervisors, and register- '
ea by number and date in a book kept i
o> him for that parpose. When a con- '
n^.v^ r falls to erter into the contract I
awarded to him or to perform the same,
new bids must be invited, and a Con
tract awarded ss provided herein in
the first instance. When the Supervis- '■
°* believe that the prices bid are too I
nigh, or that bidders have combined to
prevent compet tion, or that the public
interest will be subserved thereby they i
may reject an? and all bids and cause, i
the notice for proposals to be readver
tised.
Sec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, publir buildings, places or of
nces, shall be made for a longer period
than one yeir, nor shall any contract
to pay for gas. electric light or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during t'le month.
ARTICLE 111.
FIKANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER L
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
commissions of the City and County
shall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate in writing of tho amount of ex
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
jects thereof, required in their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
■^commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
sent .at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b fore the first Monday
of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the
: ext ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the interest
and sinking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
ed to each fund in the treasury; also
an estimate of the amount of Income
from fines, licenses and other sources
of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
property, and the probable amount re
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to
.... m.y the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Cit*- and County
•• for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
• -••'budget shall be prepared in such de
tail as to the aggregate sum and the
items thereof allowed to each depart
ment* office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
. Before finally determining upon the
•- --kudget, the Supervisors shall fix such
•; sufficient "line or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
"... heard in regard thereto, and the Super
"■ visors shall attend at the time or times
" • So appointed for such fibrin"
";• Pec. 4. Any item in said budget may.
.within ten days, be vetoed in whole or
'..: In. part by the Mayor, and it shall re
";. Squire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
• to overcome such veto. Action thereon
'. • must be taken before the last Monday
_:.». of June.
*' ""■"After the final estimate is made in
:. accordance herewith, it shall be signed
" "." by the Mayor and the >_lerk of the Su
'.- pervisors, and V. several sums shall
then be appropriated for the ensuintr
■ : \. fiscal year to the several purposes and
departments therein name. The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
' Awitor.
Ac. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to be raised annually according to law,
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Sec. C). Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no money shall
be- drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Sec. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
•"■ except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Sec. S. The Super- ! may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided fo*- *»- »*uw. No money
Phall be paid out of this approbation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the membe:s -of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
Sec. '9. It shall not be lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to Incur, authi rize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to incur, au
thorize allow, contract for. pay or ren
der payable in the present or future, in
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures, indebtedness or liability
made or incurred up to the time in
tuch month of making or incurring the
Fame shall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
When any board, department or offi
cer having "ower to Incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any
agreement for obtaining supplies or
Slaving labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
Fuch agreement by number and date,
and all demands arising under such
agreement shrill be payable in the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment board or officer must inform the
person with whom it is proposed to
make such agreement of the amount of
money available or likely t« X- avail
able in the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
If at the beginning of any month.
a money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upon such appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended in any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except in payment of
claims lawfully Incurred during such
I fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments: and for urgent necessities,
cnall be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Sec. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
l>v assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be binding or of any. force,
unless the Auditor shall indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pa. the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
•he board or officer making the same.
provision shall not apply to work
done or supplies furnished. '"vMyirt:
•the expenrtitnr* '"" ' PR? '' ""
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
is required by lnw to be done by con
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such indorse
ment upon every such contract so
presented to him, if there remains un
applied and unexpended such amount
so specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors in making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation in section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing In this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness Incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of "the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several interest
and sinking funds, in the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
Is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTER 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Artirle.
Sec. 2. The several funds m the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneys com
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow-
ing:
1. In payment of any final judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. AU moneys paid Into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon - s deposited with the
Treasurer on rpecial deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in thJs Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea:- in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Fir. :nen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid a.t the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
: money which may subsequently come
; into the proper fund from delinquent
■ taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
; shall be paid out of such de.. .quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
I credit of any sinking fund in the treas
! ury a sum not less than twenty thou
i sand dollars which may be applied to
; the redemption of any outstanding
; bonds to which such fund .a applicable,
i which are not leueemable before their
; maturity, it shall be the duty of the
i Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
| vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
! posals for the Ftirrender and redemp
j tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
| in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
I thereof as may be required therefor.
i shall be awarded to the person or per
i sons offering to surrender said bonds
| for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
' SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
■ County from any source, and all
i moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
! their official capacity, nor any fee, pay-
I ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offl
ciaJ nature, or under color of office,
• whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee. commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
i tion authorized by law to be charged,
| received, or collected by any officer for
: any official service, must be paid by the
] officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
! ceive or collect any fee. commission,
I percentage, allowance, or compensation
i for the performance of any official serv-
I ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
■ rendered in any official capacity, or by
. ; reason of any official duty or employ
i S ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
i urer at the expiration of each business
i day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
! deliver to such officer a receipt for the
; ; money so paid, which shall show the
; : amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed: and
like entries shall he made upon the stub
; of such receipt, which shall be kept by
I the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
i Fund." which Is hereby created, and
! shall keep such fund as other funds in
j the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Pec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
' charge any fee, commission, percent-
I age, allowance, or compi nation, for
j the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
! may be required, charging therewith
j the Treasurer or other officer receiving
! them. Such official receipts must be
: bound into books containing not less
| than one hundred such receipts, and
I numbered consecutively, beginning
! with number one In each class required
i for earh officer for each fiscal year, and
\ provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
i the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer. In whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any rec<*lpt is issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num-
I ber of the receipt on which the money
I was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
| on the last day of the prec<vling month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official rer-eipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
j receipts deposited with him during the
| preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sectic-ns eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law. and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amo-unts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
I thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Pec. 11. Every officer who is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service.of process, or other like
■ service, shall at the end of each month,
! prepare and deliver to the AuditoT a
| statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amcrunt of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or Instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending o* the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person bo
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allo-wed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out at the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements ur-on the
same renuired by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund In the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
n t of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held In trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days . fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account In any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; In which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
I'.-iiii. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold offW
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand u0i1a. .,.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly j
observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all •
times be open to his inspection and cx
i amination. He shall take special care j
1 that the books and records of all de- j
! partments, boards, officers and persons ;
: are kept in legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
i shall suspend the delinquent officer or
i person from office pending an official m
! vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time !
i recommend to the proper officers of ;
1 the different departments such meas- !
'• ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
j lie interest. He shall see that the laws j
' of th^ State and ordinances of the City j
i and County are observed and enforced, j
He shall have a general supervision ;
i over all the departments and public :
institutions of the City and County.
! and see that they are honestly, eco-
I nomically and lawfully conducted, and !
shall have the right to attend the meet- .•
ings of any of the Boards provided for
1 in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
■ of public order and the suppression of
1 all riots and tumults, for which pur
■ pose he may use and command thepo
! lice force. If such police force is in
'■ sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
! ernor for military aid in the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
' tumults may be promptly and effectu
i ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all :
i contracts and agreements with the City |
and County are faithfully kept and |
> fully performed. It shall be the duty j
> of every officer and person in the em- j
ploy or"service of the City and County, ;
> when it shall come to his knowledge |
■ that any contract or agreement with
i the City and County, or with any offl- j
i cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
: to the Mayor all facts and information
: within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such office! j
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person !
reporting such facts and information
that he has done so-, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration ;
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac- j
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City and County to any person.com
pany or corporation which have been i
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post- i
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until i
such proposed franchise shall be rati- |
fled or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for In this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made in this Charter or
hy law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
lof his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
I for which they have been convened:
and thfMr acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
' form his duties, a member of the Board
i shall be chosen President pro tempore.
| who shall act as such Mayor. When a
| vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER 11.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
■ Department of the City and County
i shall be designated the Auditor. He
! shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
: must have been such for at least five
; years next preceding such time. He
; shall be elected by the people and hold
| office for two years. He shall receive
i an annual salary of four thousand dol
\ lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be in
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
I condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, 'who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun-
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may 'des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor, shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof !
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
i official record of all demands audited by
i him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund :
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
■ or board it has been so approved or al- i
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office |
for the Auditor to deliver a demand i
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have- been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
i ducting the amount of any indebted
! ness of which he has notice: nor in fa-
I vor of any person having the collection, I
custody or disbursement of public ;
j funds, unless his account has been pre
! sented, passed, approved and allowed ;
j as herein required; nor in favor of any j
I officer who has neglected to make his j
official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER 111.
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter In the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be 'attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
m.ike- the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of m^ney
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kent in another safe; and the money
therein shall be h-iinn^ed daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money Into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receints for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear th^ word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and datod. and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and int' 1 ■^•hnt fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face tbe date of its de
livery to him. and charsre the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No .demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the lft w, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same: but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of th° Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
bi-law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of th^ funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Even' lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be paid unnn presentation, if there be
sufficient money in the treasury ap
plicable to the payment -»>f such de
mand, and on ~""ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Canc>i«l"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If. however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered in a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number civen
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of oriarinaT
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropiiation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed, " and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provision* of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV.
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
i sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
; County at the time of his election and
i who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary at eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during fcrur months of the
year not more than one hundred clerks
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of the
State.
CHAPTER V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. He
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction f«r commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac
count, the full amount of all taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him.
and not previously paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due upon the
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered: but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tlm»
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named in such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, ana
take receipts therefor, and the Ta*
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of alt
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTEB VI.
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars:
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alaryof twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars: a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars.
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the people and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six nundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary.
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensatior at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take into
1314
his custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Cpon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount pam for recording the
same, and jihail number consecutively
ali instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions ana proceedings in all the courts
In the City and County, and In exam
inations before Coroner's juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers m the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall each receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars w hkh shall be in full
compensation Cor ::11 services including
transcription and ull stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER 11.
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and \\..o shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars.
He shall be elected by the people and
6hall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be .-t the time Of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this Stale, and he must
have been so qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha~ devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend fur the City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th.c City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in- equity or by spe
cial proceedin ~ exists in favor of the
City and County. he shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their sepaiate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit- and County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b - the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; jthe briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears; and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County is interested.
Sec. 4. He ".hall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County, to his successor in office,
who shall °"ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars: the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh shall receive, an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
;he Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, bo qualified to practice in
all th^ courts of this State, and must
have been po qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold Iheir
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
hlm.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
Khali bo elect* 1 "* by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for i.t least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall
have .ill the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He shall draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all action? for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County; deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: file with the Auditor on the first
Mondays of January. April, July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under onth showing all
moneys received by him in his official
capacity aurlr~ the preceding three
months: keep .a register of his official
business in which must he entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
and of the proceedings therein; and
give, when required, without fee, ad
vice, to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Sec. 3. He may appoint s»even Assist
ant District -Attorneys to aid him in the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, ami shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall net as
the prosecuting attorney? of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney noting M such nrosscut-
Ing attorneys in the Police .Court fire
rot actually engaged in work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
at the call of the District Attorney for
nny service connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be qualified .to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two years next preceding his | ap
pointment. The District Attorney* may
aW annolnt one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, hi
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under Judgment?, for the recovery
of lines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Ptiblic Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for ail his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
bo elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, und shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him In the discharge of
hi? official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars: a f'ash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars: five * Register Clerks, who shali
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four «'lerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him. he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shrill be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTER VI.
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for" two- years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to- the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; c-ne Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars: one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteeji hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Brar.ch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dollars; six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollar?;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by his depu
ties. .
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices- of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
'"'unity of San Francisco a Cc-urt to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They shall each
receive an annual salary o-f thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall lie eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall pro
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose fromtheirnumbera
Presiding Judge who- shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Second — Concurrent Jurisdiction with
the Superior Cciirt of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
County.
Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as axe now or
CHAKTER FOB THE CITY A^D COUNTY OF SAN FBAyCISCO^
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings In said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings In Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shal
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace: provided, that.
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second-Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shail lose ms
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendants
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the Distiict
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement en appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within nve
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement. .   ..
Third— Any person who shail solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, uniess the
same be done in open court, shall De
guilty of a contempt of court.
' Fourth— A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, Person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, ana
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Filth— A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possib c,
arid must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor. , 
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking Is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall ke»p his
off'ce open continuously night and day
lor the transaction of business: shall
draw complaints in actions in the Po
lice Court, and apnrove the same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taken 'in the Police Court: shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond
rier'k of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbrances
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came
into his possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order th« discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash ball to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In thf> matter of fixing bail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than c. Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints.
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec- 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof: call the daily calen
dar oT the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services. In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him, an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayc-r may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or Inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court-
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. IC. No attorney shall appear In
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec. 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedingspendlng in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care, i
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of ,
I the municipal government sufficient for ;
j the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for 1
Increasing the Law Library of the cor- i
poration known as the San Francisco ■
Law Library, and to secure the use of ]
| the same to the Courts held at San
I Francisco, tho Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of Han Francisco," ap
proved March 9th. 1870. The Supervis
! ors must appropriate, allow, and order ;
I paid out of the proper fund such sums ■
as may be necessary for the purposes J
aforesaid: and all sums lawfully ap
proprtated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the j
mode prescribed by this Charter for :
auditing other demands upon the treas- ,
ury- The County Clerk must pay |
monthly to the Treasurer of the San i
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library. :
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall bo a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
appointment as such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents. Inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 6. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. Xo business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except, such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all Its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the, duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of , the: New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter gees into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and coun
ty. . ■. .... "■ .■■.., ■:.
Sec. 8. The Board. shall immediatel>
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to th»
City and County, or which may be | of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or •in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence ai
the time this Charter goes into effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, ■•:'. straightening,- ■ closing ' or
changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
lT Of all public ways, streets, a\e
nues, lanes, alleys, places. courts,
roads, highways and boulevards cow
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all worK
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall nave
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through th*
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
talcing up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Doard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*
permits for or allow the permanent en.
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th*.
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the publk
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitors and
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by tho
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
upon make an estimate o. the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear v- said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts for the doing of such work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done oy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lion shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been h s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors. •
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be \a.\
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
offlcial act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14.- All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwisedetermin
ed by the Beard of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically prlvided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken in all cases in the matter
of the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity' by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be priven for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid. or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, fur himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
whir-h the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid: and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall bo
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time it shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in pre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the rase of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter Into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Board
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the Cltv At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done the
manner in which it shall be executed
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered Into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof nnd by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings. If any
of the work to be clone, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors* one
thereof, with said specifications' and
drawings, shall be kept In the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications an* drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor. ..■....-
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City end County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on rail property, the
assessed value of which over and
above all incumbrance*. is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and 4 each surety
shall justify and make aa affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in his
own name for real property in an
amSunt greater than his #Wa«
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
"T'hTcontract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed as
was specified in the notice mv.tmg pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of .the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its.
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Pub .c
Works, a further, extension may be
granted by vote of fourteen memocrs
of the Board of Supervisors. In case or
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, bis contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or.
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract. ■
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided' for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where It
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER 11.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated it which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open pubuc streets, lanes, ;:
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and t;.j Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order I
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the fust instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall nut !■ .j
thorized except by an or nance p % .
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Bi.ard of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approve of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons lor such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all suen
recommendations shall he made mat
ters of record In the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing:, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to sticky
intersection or crossing will le benefit-^"
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is t-> be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days fn the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten clays (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Fook of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all. of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches ink
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, Its date, and. briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the pror.rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, in case of a district, :hose owning■ more than one-half of the superficial
v? a of tha district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days
alter the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of inten
tion, which objectioas shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be l bar for six months
to any further proceedings in relation
to the doing of said work or making
said improvement unless the owners of
the one-half or i tore of the frontage or
of the district. : as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper, if, hcwever, the owners of at
- least two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same withM said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention
When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, anl the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said the Board shall, at its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing said objec
tions, rot less than one week there
££??• l he Secretar shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
ft J depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
Si* -h n ObJ^ - At the time speci
%H$ he Board shall hear the objections
urgxl, and pass upon the same, and its
decision f* ha X, be , final and conclusive;
an if said objections are overruled the
t^ 6^" s3^ 811 111 be continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
or intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
, ceedings in relation to the performance
or the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
shall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to thje Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
said objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final - and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex- j
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
— its decision in that behalf to be final
• and conclusive; and thereupon the pro- I
ceedings shall continue the same as if s
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany Its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
ejparate lot, piece or parcel of land,
rue area in square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to th«
work or improvement proposed to bo
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
"an affidavit to the effect that he has
not entered into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and j
shall make void, as to such persons so j
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
where there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit. , ,
Sec 7. When any work in or upon
any public street shall have been com- |
pleted according to contract, and the i
affidavit mentioned in the next preced- ;
ing section shall have been made, the I
Board shall make an assessment to ;
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified in said contract j
(Including all incidental expenses), in j
conformity with the provisions of this ;
Article, according to the nature and j
character of the work. The assessment I
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
d and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any Incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment
the name of the owner of each lot (If
known to the Board, and if not known
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers in the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
In part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such i work has
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of. such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record-
Ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Sec. S. The expense of all work or
improvement done upon any part or
B aid streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be born* and paid for as
°First.-— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
i a Of all work done on streets, cross
' ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
b Of all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to» property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c - O* all work done in front of, or
tnat may be assessed to» property
owned by the United States.
Second.— The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing-, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third. — The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept in order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
I paid for by such person, company or
I corporation, and shall be included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
j any property, which, together with all
assessments for street Improvements
tnat may have been levied upon the
! same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
i er than fifty per centum of the- value
i at which said property was assessed
; upon the last preceding Assessment
; Book of the City and County.
Sec. 'J. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
ww r ork and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two — The expense of all
j improvement exoept such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac-
I cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three — The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
I main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary* line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
! street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the next
crossing or Intersection, or to the end
I of such alley or subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
I done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
i avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
I expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
! the termination, shall be assessed upon
i the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
j vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
| lane, alley, place, or court, if it does
! not meet another, and the other one
! half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
' ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be dpne under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed its resolution of intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer getting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them in said
grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof and thereafter may file said
certificate in the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners and his or their successors in
Interest shall be entitled tocreditonthe
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
lmr thereof, to the amount of the cu
bir yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in the contract for
Lid cutting and filling; or if the grade
meanwhile has been legally .changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as changed. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth in any and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto, and shall enter corns- J
CHARTEK FOX THE CITY AISTB COTJXTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting the same j
as payments upon the amounts assessed j
against the lots and lands owned re- j
spectively by said certified owners and j
their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the \
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made j
upon any lots and lands fronting upon '
i said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in !
interest. When any owner or owners j
of any lots and lands fronting on any i
street shall have heretofore done, or j
shall hereafter do any work, except i
grading, on such street, in front of any ;
block, at his or their own expense, and j
j the Supervisors shall subsequently or
i der any work to be done of the sam»
i class in front of the same block, the |
work so done at the expense of such !
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order, ordering • work to be
done, as provided in subdivision ten of j
this section; but the work so done at ;
the expense of such owner or owners j
j shall be upon the official grade, and in |
I condition satisfactory to the Board of
j Public Works at the time said order is :
I passed. <
Subdivision Ten— Board of Pub
' lie Works may include in the resolu- j
| tion of Intention any of the different !
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap- !
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots i
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not :
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained In j
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision — When the reso- !
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement i
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful- I
filled his contract to the satisfaction '
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on I
appeal, the Board of Public Works ;
shall proceed to estimate upon the j
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by j
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such I lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and !
against said lands in said assessment j
j district the total amount of the ex- ;
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum ;
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots, j
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby, !
to wit: Upon each respectively in j
proportion to the estimated benefits ;
to be received by each of said several '
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be i
any street work or improvement done, '
and none of the methods hereinbefore j
provided are legally sufficient to au- I
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of Its in
tention to recommend the ordering of :
said work or improvement, establish |
by resolution a method by means of |
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said '
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
! Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making" all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
j as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be [
I signed by the President of the Board
' of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant ;
i shall be substantially in the following
' form: „
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub- :
lie Works of the City and County of ,
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower !
j (name of contractor) (his or their) ;
! agents, or assigns, to demand and re- ''
i ceive the several assessments upon the ;
assessment and diagram hereto at- (
J tached, and this shall be (his or their) ;
j warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
! tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of I
1 the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period or i
two years from the date of said record
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record- i
in c of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested In paid
fii:p(.^sment shall be deemed to have no- j
tice '•£ the contents of the record
thereof.
After said warrant, .assessment and ;
i diaeram are recorded, the .same shall ,
i ha delivered to the contractor, or his '
j agent or assigns, on demand, but not
! until after the payment to the Board
i of thr- incidental expenses not previ- i
! ously paid by the contractor or his as- ;
| signs. By virtue of said warrant said ;
con actor, or his agents or assigns, |
shall be authorized to demand and re- [
I ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum due for ;
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render such judg- i
! ment, that any suit brought to foreclose j
the lien of any assessment for street |
j work made under this Chapter, or in ;
the recording thereof, has been defeated
| by reason of any defect, error, infor
i mality, omission, irregularity, or ii!e
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to j
1 any such assessment, or in the record- j
ing of any such warrant, any person in- j
terested therein may, at any time with- i
in {;eren months after the entry of said j
final judgment, apply to tho Board for i
I arolher assessment to be issued In con- !
formity to law; and the Board shall, '
within sixty days after the time of ;
said application, make and deliver to j
said applicant a new assessment, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate j
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots j
of land set out therein for the period of |
two years from the date of Its record- |
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce j
said lien as provided in this Chapter. ;
Should such final judgment be that of j
the Superior Court for the City and j
County and an appeal therefrom to the i
Supreme Court of the State has been i
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their !
behalf, shall call upon the persons as- I
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the ; same
upon the* assessment :in the presence i
'of the person making such payment, I
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the : persons so assessed, or
their agents, cannot conveniently be j
found or when the owner of the lot is ;
stated as "unknown" upon the assess- |
ment, then said ? contractor or his as- j
signs, or some ' person on his or their |
behalf, shall publicly demand payment |
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the I
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed by. the contractor or j
his assigns, or some: person on his or I
their E behalf, verified upon oath, stat- '
ing the nature and character of the de- i
mand, and whether any of the ■ assess- '■
ments remain unpaid in whole or in i
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff it*
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in, the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff. .
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be , issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due -thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly Interested in any work
provided for in this Chapter, or in the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, i or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, • or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the • assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections In writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or complained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said, work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a' new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as" aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section as to all errors, informalities
and irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment," or in the assessment it
self, where the Board of Public Works
has acquired jurisdiction to make the
same. ! ' . ■ . , .
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified., as here
in provided, hut not less than within
thirty-five days' from the- date of th<»
warrant, the contractor or his. assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording, of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, .or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and '.re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with interest there
on 'at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded. - the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence j
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in j
the action. The Court In which. said suit j
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and i
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State."
Sec. 16. When any portion of the
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property, passing thereon, or
so as to interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court lor
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of- which
he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
In said notice what work Is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted -,- to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter " into ? a 1 contract , with
any suitable' person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications/for the.' doincr of said
work shall have / been* conspicuously
posted by it in . its office for three days,
inviting bids for the 'doing of said work.
Said bids shall be delivered to it at Its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by It on the next day follow
ing; whereupon the i contract shall ?be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der. v
All of said bids shall be preserved in
the office of . the' Board, and shall ; be
open at all times 1 after the letting of
the contract; to the 'inspection of r; all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall ; be com
merced within 1 , twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed; \
and completed without delay to the sat- I
isfactlon of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
</f the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and Just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be not paid
on dfrnand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies*
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having Jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec. 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
! And in case of property leased, the
! possession of the tenant or lessee hold-
I ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
! by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain possession of, said lots un
til the amount so paid and advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by payment by |
i the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
i Board of Public Works shall have the
I same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
i hours, be open, free of charge, to the
; inspection of any citizen wishing to
I examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
' taken before the Secretary of said j
Board or b fore any member thereof, j
Sec. 23. When any street or portion \
i of a street has been or shall hereafter j
' be fully constructed to the satisfaction !
i of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall b° accented by
the Supervisors by ordinance: and
thereafter such street or portion of a
j street shall be kept in repair and im- i .
proved by the City and County. The j
Supervisors shall not accept any por
i tion of a street less than the entire
i width of the roadway including the
i curbing, and one block in length, orone \
entire crossing; but they may partly I
or conditionally accept any street,with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots i
1 of land previously or at any time as
| sessable for the cost of constructing a ;
; sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re- I
pairs and restoration of the street j
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a '
i sewer to be necessary and shall order | ,
lit to be constructed. The Board of j [
i Public Works shall keep in its office a | !
register of all streets accepted by the | .
Supervisors under this section, which ! :
register shall be indexed for easy ref- j
erence thereto. ]
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works '
may at any time, without any applica- j ,
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup- .
ervisors to order the paving or mac- \
adamizing of the portion of any street ]
required by law to be paved or mac- ,
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation j ]
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or- ]
der said work to be done and direct said i
Board to notify said person, company, •
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall \
thereupon forthwith in writing notify i
said person, company or corporation ]
of the passage of said ordinance; and i
if said person, company or corpora- i
tion shall not within ten days after re- i
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute <
the same diligently to completion, the ;
Board shall invite sealed proposals for 1
doing said work in the manner provid- I
ed in this Article; and all the provis- i
ions of this Article in regard to such I
proposals, to the awarding of con- I
tracts, to the execution of contracts, '
and to the doing of public work, shall <
apply to all similar proceedings taken "
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the '
Board the contractor shall be entitled 1
to recover from such person, company '
or corporation the contract price for 1
the expense of said work, together 1
with incidental expenses, in an action '
instituted in a Court of competent Ju- 1
risdiction. On the trial of such action, <
the certificate of the Board of the com- <
pletion of said work to its satisfaction '
shall be prlma facie evidence of the (
regularity of all the proceedings prior {
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re- '
cover in said action. '
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise in this
Chapter specifically provided, no or- '
dinance for the improvement of any (
street other than for sewers, sidewalks '
and curbs, except for the improvement 1
of the streets constituting or lying '
along the water front of the City and '
County, and except for such work as is ■
provided for in the next preceding sec- '
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis- j
ors without extending said improve- '
ment throughout the whole width of
such street. ;
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to ]
include all streets, lanes, alleys, places ''
and courts which have been, or may be .
hereafter, dedicated and open to public i
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade (
of all intermediate or intersecting ]
streets in any one block shall be deemed ]
to conform to the grades as established t
at the crossings of the main streets. <
The word "improvement" shall be ]
held to include grading, paving, plank- )
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping; i
and the construction and repairs of i
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts, i
drains, sidewalks and curbs. i
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore Included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Boai;d ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished fo#a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter-
Ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
rlinance. invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials j
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings j
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select |
some place in the City and County ;
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
a,ll supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and j
"'ounty, to be used in repairing or clean- I
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for j
any improvement thereon. The Board j
of Public Works shall appoint a Store- |
weeper for said Yard, who shall ]
lold his office dur'ngr its pleas- '
jre. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein, \
and shall keep books of account in !
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re- !
ceipt of surmlies and material under i
any contracts awarded under the pro- j
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall bo liable upon his
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon tne line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
! and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall ba
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of tha
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon— estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing tha
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of In
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
j lots of land upon which said assess
i ment is to be levied, and also the lots
I of land which are to be taken for such
I improvement, and showing the name of
I the person to whom the said lots were
I assessed upon the last Assessment Book
; of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days-, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each,
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
! Secretary of the Board his objections
i thereto, briefly stating the grounds
| thereof and the nature of his interest;
I and upon the day fixed for hearing tha
j same, or some day to which the hear-
I ing thereof shall then be postponed,
I the Board shall proceed to hear and
) determine the sufficiency of any objec
! tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
i that such objections are sufficient to
| prevent a recommendation of the im
j provement, it shall pass a resolution to
; that effect, and no further proceedings
j shall be had under said petition. If
j no objections have been filed, or if the
I Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
! recommendation shall specially report
! to the Supervisors whether in its opin-
I ion the land within the district speci
j fled as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
i expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
! resolution recommending said improve
j ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
! transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
■with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
I objections that may have been filed,
I and the Supervisors shall at their first
j regular meeting thereafter, or at any
i meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
! recommendation, and may by resolu
i tion adopt or reject the same. If said
I recommendation is rejected no further
i action shall be had thereon or upon
I said petition. If the Supervisors shall
| adopt said recommendation, they shall
| within thirty days thereafter pass an
I ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of tho
Board of Public Works respecting th»
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and the
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the Intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed In said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of flam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said aoproDriation be
1516
tween the value of said lot in its en
tirety aiid its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Sec. S. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as tne
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for tho purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
shall bo ascertained as of the time of
said inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
causnd to the same by reason of sue a
intended improvement, and the Board
shall fix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
shall distribute the total value of all
the hinds and improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad
jacent lands, and the estimated cost
and expense of said improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said
improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
•will be received by said lots and lands.
Sec. 9. The meetings of the Board,
■when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons
ciaiming any interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers and every assessment and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation j
of the property which is taken for said j
improvement the Board shall in its re- j
port set forth, under appropriate head- j
ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each j
lot, when known (and if unknown, that ;
fact shall be stated), and the name of |
any claimant thereto, or to any inter- j
est* therein; and in making the assess- ,
ment for the expense of said improve
ment the Board shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head- ;
ings, a brief description of each lot j
as «ef;sea, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said j
property was assessed upon the next j
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the j
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no- .
tice During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said i
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to- I
gether with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the ,
office of the County Clerk, together ;
with a petition signed by the President j
of said Board, to the Superior Court, i
praying for a judgment of said Court j
confirming the assessment contained !
therein against the respective lots i
therein described as assessed, and for i
the condemnation and conveyance to |
the City and County, upon the payment
of the value thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land j
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and ,
upon application to said Court, the j
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint j
some day, not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
Tor ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
flxed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
shall have and take Jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
Judgment of confirmation shall be a
Men upon each lot of land described in
Baid report for the amount assessed
B-gainst the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
paid improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
Judgment. Said lien shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
Sec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said Judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment. The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made in accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall aft as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
in crs under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After tho confirmation of
said report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
takf»n and the judgment appealed from
hnr been affirmM, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
anil the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded* together with said
certificate of said Clerk* and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remain* unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and coats due on each, and shall
include a« part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He eha.ll there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
In the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond that necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenses of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed in
said Judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person Is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described in said
i conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor haa
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
! and County, or if the City Attorney
| shall certify that the title to any of
! said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
| that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
I therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
! rant upon the treasury for the payment
I of the amount so awarded shall be by
I order of the Supervisors drawn by th«
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there an»
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the I
President of the said Board, setting forth j
said facts, said Judge shall issue an i
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of j
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any j
claimant to said award, or any part :
thereof, may file his petition in said j
Superior Court against all parties in j
interest for an adjudication of all con- '
fllcting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same be paid to him.
and thereupon such proceedings shall j
be had thereon as may be agreeable I
to law and equity. Upon entry of final '.
judgment in such proceeding, the I
County Clerk shall, after said demand j
has heen audited by the Auditor, col- j
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds i
to the person or persons named in said ;
judgment as entitled thereto. It shall i
be provided in said judgment that be- j
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
| rant said party, or some one author
< ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
eAite to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient !
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board i
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such Improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
> tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
i for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter Into a bond :
■ for such amount as may be fixed by the |
: Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board !
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out in
such recommendation; but no grada
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
! ing compensation to those who may
i suffer damage by such change of
I gra.de, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and* shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of |
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
j the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construe-
I tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
i ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. G. The Supervisors may, upon
| the recommendation of the Board of
| Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con
[ struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to • be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
Improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose;
Sec, 8. The Board may* when au
thorised by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County. .
Bee. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Work*, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
Improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board Is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases In which the Board
shall deem It most expedient, It shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to Institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, -which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street. ______
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION _ All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of Ban Francisco
whioh now belong or may hereafter be
long to th© City and County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be ;
under the management and control or
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build-
In £6
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
Jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be Imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and ,
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less :
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County j
fcrr at least five years prior to their ap- :
pointment. The Board shall never be
BO constituted as to consist of more '
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first <
appointed shall so classify themselves !
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one, \
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The Board shall organize by j
electing one of its number President, \
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall ;
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact j
business. In every instance where a !
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER 11.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
Include evening, deportment, technical, :
j cosmopolitan, high and normal schools, j
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free !
instruction in the evening schools; but
J no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER IIL
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
! tion of any person or persons employed
j as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
j and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
! be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
! missed from the department, except
j for Insubordination, immoral or unpro
j fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
j for teaching. All promotions of teachers
i shall bo based solely on merit and sue
! cessful teaching. Nothing In this sec
| tion shall be construed to prevent the
j Board from removing teachers holding
j only special certificates or serving a
j probationary term. Charges against
j teachers must be formally made by the
j Superintendent after due investigation.
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To Investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such Investiga
tions. t
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before thn first day in April
in each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common f:hools of such appoint
monts. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools.
Should the Board fall or neglect tr flli
the vacancy so caused within threedays
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the dMtles of
Census Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
r.ion Schools.
8. To sue in the nama of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be-»
longing . to or claimed by the School
Department; To prosecute and defend
all actions at Jaw or special proceedings
or suits in equity conce -ning the enjoj
ment arid possession cf such lots, lands
and property; To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the 'expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight . dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year nave been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit ef twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and Bent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon It a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of its approval by the
Board .of -■: Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
Every person in the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the name manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the Individual warrants |
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi- '
ble bidder, for the benefit of the Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required i
for school purposes; but no lease shall
be made except after advertisement for
bids for at least fifteen days In the offi- ;
cial newspaper and by an affirmative '
vote of at least three members of the !
Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors. '
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or school
library; to carry into effect the terms j
of any bequest not in conflict with the j
general laws or this Charter; and to sell !
such personal . property as shall no :
longer be required for use in the
schools. All moneys realized by such :
sales shall be at once paid Into the !
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be- j
fore the first day of May. make a list of j
supplies estimated to be required by the j
School Department for the ensuing fis- j
cal year, stating In clear and explicit
terms the quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be
delivered, and shall invite proposals for \
furnishing the same -.. by advertising ,
therefor for at least ten days in the j
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter !
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo- !
sals, the awarding of contracts and the i
security for the performance thereof, j
shall, so far as the same can be made j
applicable, apply to all proposals and j
contracts made, awarded or entered {
into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
in violation of any provision of this
Article shall be void. f
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each j
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re- I
port in writing for the preceding fiscal ]
year, stating the number of schools
within Its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taught in each school,
the average dally attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, j and such
other Information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board, of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars. ■
Sec. 2. Tne Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy. Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children in average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first, appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall ■ hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' .successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of = the City and County at
least five years < preceding their ap
pointment, i ' i
Sec. 5. In addition'- to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall r be the duty of the Superin
tendent: y .- f . .•*«.."" -
1. To observe ? and , enforce all rules
and regulation*, of the Board of Educa- j
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the- schools.. '• '■":''''■,:■■
2. To report to the Board of. Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the k ßoard; may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools :of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper. ..;/ ' • .
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of. other: matters , connected therewith, i
and. to recommend such '■' measures as |
he may deem necessary ; for the ad
vancement of education In the City and
County, and for the care and Improve
ment ef the property of the School De
partment. .
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion or
pupils front grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board tue
courses of studies: the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
claes : room supplies as may be required
in the school*.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. G. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the Clty
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A hifeh school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, ralid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school In the City
and County;
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorise the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon Issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
8. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfitnepg for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, In the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
Instruction In the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for Indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER "VX
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
o'her information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed In ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an- school house. build-
Ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars:
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall b*
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
afljacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same. _
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char
. I ter shall take effect shall continue to
sr#b«r xS5a& -°U ru Kading
, ffooms and aJI vacajicles therein shall
be filled by said Board: None of said
, Trustees /hall receive any compensa
' Tec °2 h Supervisor* shall, for
■ the purpose of maintaining such
;
. property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be nf c^ n^ tr an "
. nually levy a tax on all property In
' the Sty and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
s one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each erne
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund. . -_
Sec. 3. All revenue . from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purpose*
herein authorized. If such payment
Into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, In accordance wltk
the terms and conditions of such gilt,
devise or bequest.
Bee. 4. The title to 'all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest In the City and
County, and In the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint In a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of Its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor Is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants,, as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, money, receipts and ex
j penditurea and a record of all its pro
j ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote j
of all Its members to be recorded In Its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all j
property! belonging thereto, or that |
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
; or created for such Library and Read- i
i ing Rooms and branches thereof, and |
; provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books. 'Journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
j ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and . Secretary, of money,
from the Library Fund for any liability
• or authorized expenditure, ■
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants: i
| and. with the approval of the Super- |
visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect j
and equip such building or buildings, j
room or rooms, as may be necessary !
far the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the j
Library and Reading Rooms as the j
growth of the City and County may !
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use, either in whoje or In part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect-
Ing- and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate !
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and j
County for such use.
ARTICLE Yin.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of age
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3 The Commissioners shall be
success.,-:* in office of the Police
Comn.issloners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall pro into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that txecutiv©
sessions may be held whenever <«"• ''»•;}
proper by the Board,. The F'.rtard shall
meet at least otlce » week In the rooms
ft th* Police Apartment, or In, case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select* The Secretary must
keep minutes of Its proceedings; and
in every case where a power Is exer
cised by the Board 'under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en
tered therein; ■ \ . .
CHAPTER 111. I
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have pow*r:
1 To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member, of the De- •
partment In the manner hereinafter
™ V To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal' the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3 To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage In the sale of liquor
In less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged In
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when It shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
Is conducted In a disorderly or Im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage In
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such -permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that baa
been granted, the person who Is re
fused such permit or whose permit It is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not b©
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same Is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Such permits shall at all '
times be subject to Inspection by any
member of the Department Com- \
plaints to revoke permits granted by -
the Board mutt be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by th©
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5 To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
Into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, . weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6 To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
I Sec. 2. The President may convene
1 the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board. ••;..;'
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
| be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissioners and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them .; to such
public service as he may direct,, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
! cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
1 with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law ana
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and vo
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prison* of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control ot the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, In the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be In attendance
at all hours of the day and night: and
in * such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where
he can be found.
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders^,
and process. He shall detail at his
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said , Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
time to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to be
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department.. The aggregate of all
such- sums shall not in any one fiscal
year ..exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy.. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and Intelligence office keep
ers. ■ All persons engaged in said call
ings must first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority in
writing from time to time empower
members of the Police Department,
when In search of property feloniously
obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto k
empowered in writing ;by the Chief ofk
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
ed, lost, strayed : or stolen.
CHAPTER V. ' •
: Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 11. Subordinate officer* otthe Police Department shall consist of
Captair.s, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hund/ed and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
who huh each :eceive an annual salary
Df ii::een hundred dollars: and Corpor- !
tils, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four i
.rs.
_. There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties o: Captains shall be defined
by the rule:- and regulations of the
: mission* rs and by the orders of the
Chief of P;> ice.
Sec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every * :ty police officers. The du
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissi' ners, by the orders of the
Chief of Cilice, and by the orders of
their res] ective Captains.
>■ . -i. There shall be as many Ser
geants aa in the judgment of the Com
mission, rs a ivisable, not to ex
ceed en: i Sergeant for every ten police
officers. The cluties of Sergeants shall
bo defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief <f Police, and the orders of their
respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec. 5. There shall be as many Cor- ;
porajs as In the judgment of the Com
missoners may be advisable. The du
ties if Corporals shall be d< fined b the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners, the orders of the Chief of Po-
Uc(\ and the orders of their respective
Captains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
f< r detective duties such members of
■ c Department as he may select, not
to exceed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rink as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be dertn^l by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time frr-n-. such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County shall not exceed one
: vTVriice Officer for each five hundred in
■■:;.:h-abitants thereof. Police Officers shall
'./.^receive an annual salary of. twelve hun
~.- :^r^d and twenty-four dollars.
':.. :.- r?~<?c. ... 2. Every Police Officer shall..
. '••.iir/n the arrest of any person charged
r. '. -with t't;e commission of crime, search
,/ tjhe. -pers/m of such offender, and take
•• '"•- ■'•f.r'o.hi .him all property and weapons,
.'■; -npd;. forth with deliver the same to the
'■ vpri-soni.. keeper., who must deliver the
...Ba'm-V? to the Property Clerk, to be kept
: ; -'Ky.-feiiTi until other disposition be made
-.■ .th.ereejf .according to law.
••..'.:;..' ;.Sf>'c: : 3J.' P.oiice' Officers shall be health
■;," -officers by virtue of. their office.
>.;:(;■ ; • CHAPTER VII.
..'.. ; ;i?XQmQ'tiQns, Suspensions, Dismissals
;.' : - ; .: ' ; ' and Disratements.
■ •;•'- SECTION* .1. All promotions In the
'no-pattm^nt . shall be from the next
g&«ter rar.k, seniority of service and
'.;•.. meritorious public service being con
••. •■■•sidered.
•■■'■ ..■ Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart -
•/.. -"riic-nt guilty of any offense, or vi.ola.tior.
•.'■ of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
.... after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of. and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rul^ prescribe. The ac
cused shall bo entitled upon such hear
| Ing to appear personally and by coun-
Bel; to have a public trial; and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary, for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
•taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may In any way come Into the
rospf-ssion or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Prop
erty Clerk, who shall enter In a Record
Book, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of Time, Is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is Innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him. It shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but net to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be he'd for
trial or examination, such property or
money Phnll remain In the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Fee. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
the Property Clerk for on? year shall
be sold at public auction, after having 1 \
b?fn five times advertised In the official
newspapef: and the proceeds of such
F.ilr- shall be paid Into the treasury to
the credit of the Police Relief and Pen- '
Blon Fund. In no case shall such prop- ;
erty be sold or disposed of until the ne
cessity for the use thereof as evidence
has ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from Insane persons shall not
become part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the ,
(ime the same Is paid into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chi^f
of Police shall, during such period,
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same '
should by right be payable.
Sec. 4. Tf any property or money in
the custody of the Property Clerk be re
quired as evidence in any Court, it i
shall be delivered to any officer who
shall present an order In writing to
thnt effect from such Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
r the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Bed •r-.• r -. All valuables and money In !
the custody of the Property Clerk shall
be deposited by him for safe keeping
cvlth the Treasurer in such manner and
i;ubjeot to such rules and regulations ;
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
in the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park j
police shall continue therein without j
ivil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
km , lhls charter shall go into effect
snail be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTEB X.
[
Police Relief and Pension Fund. ;
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of the Police
i orce, a Fund is hereby created to be
; known and designated as fhe Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board :
' uf Police Commissioners and itE sue- !
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any
aged, Infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer- :
tificated practicing physicians appointed
by the Comml.ssiL.nurs fur that pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re- !
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen- ;
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary :
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
i ment- No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his :
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis- I
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis-
Bioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement |
upon a pension on account of such dis- I
ability, may be retired from the De- I
partment upon an annual pension ]
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may j
have held three years prior to the date ,
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
death. In case hJs disability shall cease
his pension shall cea-se, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he
occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund, '
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department i
who may be killed while in the per- ;
formance of his duty, as follows:
First — Should the decedent be mar
rled, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary ;
attached to the rank held by the de- ;
cedent at-the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no '
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years, !
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no !
widow and no orphan child or children, •
but leave a parent or parents depend- \
ing solely upon him for support, such '
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De- i
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of such*
deceased member and paid into the Re
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
: the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
j rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
■ force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. S. The Commissioners may. on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but It shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such ;
persons from the Relief and Pension :
Fund. Each warrant shall state for !
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund i
Commissioners shall keep a public reo- j
ord of its proceedings. It ehall at each j
quarterly meeting send to the Treas- ,
urer and to the Auditor a written or I
printed list of all persons entitled to ;
payment from the Relief and Pension ,
Fund, stating- the amounts of such ;
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a ;
copy of such list upon a book to be kept j
for that purpose which shall be known i
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund j
Book. All warrants signed by the !
President and Secretary of the Board j
shall be presented to the Auditor, and |
be audited and ordered paid by him
out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension ,
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
lowers vested in the Board of Police
' Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for !
the payment from said Fund of all i
its necessary expenses, not exceeding j
fifty dollars for any one month, includ- i
ing the salary of the Secretary and !
printing. No compensation shall be j
paid to any member of the Board for i
any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is made, direel
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected i
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
malt or other intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5 Not less than one-fourth nor mor*
than one-half of all moneys received i
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from junk <
stores. '
6. All moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weapons. 1
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AXD COOTY OF SAIN FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
i collected in money for violation of any
' ordinance.
8. Ail rewards to members of the Po-
I lice Department, except such as shall
I be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
! Force two dollars a month, which shah
1 be forthwith paid into the Police Relict
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
< from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
; thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
: such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief a.nd Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
; paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
; become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
; ments provided for in this Chapter
i shall be made quarterly upon proper
| vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
] made good by the Supervisors In their
• next ensuing tax levy.
APvTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department !
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist-
Ing of four members, who shall be ap- :
pointed by the Mayor, and each of i
whom shall receive an annual salary i
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission- .
er who shall not have been an elector ;
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec 2. The Board shall never be so i
constituted as to consist of more than |
two members of the same political j
party. The term of office of the Com- I
missioners shall be four years. Those i
first appointed shall so classify them- ,
selves by lot that they shall respective- I
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Fire Commis- ;
sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall :
go into effect by virtue of appointment I
under any statute or law of this State, j
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or- j
ganize by electing one of their number ;
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as ■
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be ,
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such ,
fire companies as it may deem neces- j
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to poM
tidns in the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years of age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
years next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon such exam
ination be found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall he appointed, j
transferred, or removed because of his I
political opinions, nor shall he be j
transferred or dismissed rx^ept for !
cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
S^c. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining to the Department are carried
into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners; but during a conflagration, !
such material or apparatus as may be j
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by j
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer In charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department phall be engaged [
in any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall .be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while !n th^ actual
performance of his duty therein so as
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the Frompt and faithful
| performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
I 111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad-
I vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw rding of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
j missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
j neer, who shall be charged with the
\ special duty of superintending the ex
; tir.guishment of fires. The Chief En
j gineer shall be the chief executive offi-
I cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
I be his duty and that of the Assistant
i Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
: Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
i and regulations in force in the City and
! County, or made by the Commissioners
! concerning the Fire Department, are
{ enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
I or employee of the Department for in- ,
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De- j
partment, and shall forthwith report in !
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and ,
report in writing thereon at least once ]
a month to the Eoard and make such ;
| recommendations and suggestions re- i
I specting the same as he may deem ;
; proper. In the absence or inability ot :
! the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief ;
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers, I
\ or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
! in charge may, during a conflagration,
; cause to be cut down or otherwise re- '
moved any buildings or structures for !
: the purpose of checking the progress of
i such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En- j
' gine Company shall be composed of not I
; more than one Captain, one Lieutenant.
! one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than ons
; Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
I one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
| be composed of not more than one Cap
', tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
: one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
1 composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
I Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION l. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di- !
, rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
i Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
! the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marsha] shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of :
• Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no j
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case ;
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur In the City and County, j
', and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled ■
j thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
j upon policemen during the time of any
! fire for the purpose of protecting prop
; erty until the arrival ot the owner or
I claimant thereof, and in case the owner i
or claimant of such property does not j
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The '
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the Gity and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers. Battalion
("hiefs and the Fire Marshal shah con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to Inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age. Infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any member of the Fire De-
I partment who shall become physically
: disabled by reason of any bodily in
! jury received in the performance of his
■ duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
: and the cause thereof, accompanied by
1 a certificate signed by the Chief of the ]
; Fire Department, the Captain of the j
; Company to which he belongs, and by
I two regularly certificated physicians of
: the City and County, recommending his j
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from j
the Department cpon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the -mount of
salary attached to the rank which he j
may have held throe years prior to !
' the date of such retirement, to be paid i
1 to him during hi* life and to cease at ,
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
I rank he occupied at the time of his re
1 tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
j of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
| as follows for the family of any of
; ficer, member or employee of the Fire
; Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be raar
lied, his widow shall as long as she
i may remain unmarried, be paid a
' monthly p -ision equal to one-half of
; the salary attached to the rank held by
' the decedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
: a pension equal to one-half the salary
i attached to the position held by their
i father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
j years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
I widow and no orphan child or children,
i but leave a parent or parents depend
i ing solely upon him for support, such
' parents, so depending, shall collectively
• receive a pension equal to one-half the
' salary attached to the position held by
| the decedent at the time of his death
■ during such time as the Commissioners
I may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
i who shall be convicted of felony, or
j who shall become dissipated, an habit
! ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all rit^ht to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
' rules and regulations to carry out the
' provisions of this Chapter and to en
] force compliance therewith on the part
■of the members of the Department. It
; shall make up an estimate every year
I of the amount required to pay all de
' mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
: connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such # payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemer^s Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess th*
powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary' and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollar? for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
in^: but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner. '
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars: Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred do-llars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars:
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers. Stokers. Tillermen. Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars: Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars: Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars: Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen- i
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems In working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector Ehall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders a,nd requirements made by ordl- ;
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and r.ppiiances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
bigs in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. ' There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
| management of a Board of Health. The
j Board shall consist of seven members,
: five of whom shall be appointed by the
• Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
; tificated physicians of the City and
! County at the time of their appoint
• ment, and who must have been such .
1 for at least five years next preceding
1 their appointment. The Chief of Police
I and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
j elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations j
as may be necessary for the govern- |
j ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of i
the Board shall hold office for four
; years. Those first appointed under this ;
' Charter shall so classify themselves by
| lot that one of them shall go out. of of
; flee at the end of one year, one at the
j end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
\ management and control of the City ;
j and County Hospitals, Almshouse^,
■ Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi-
I tals, Receh'ing Hospitals, and of all
> matters pertaining to the preservation,
I promotion and protection of the lives i
: and health of the inhabitants of the i
\ City and County, and it may determine
the nature and character o,f nuisances ;
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision i
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including Jails, school
i houses and all public buildings: of th«
| disposition of the dead: of the dlsposi- '•
I tion of garbage, offal and other often- I
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11. :
' Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall i
| have exclusive control and disposition !
! of all expenditures necessary in the in- ;
i stitutions under its immediate control, j
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all |
ordinances, rules and regulations which ;
i may be adopted by the Supervisors for ;
\ the carrying out and enforcement of a |
j good sanitary condition in the City and ;
l County: for the protection of the public ■
' health; for determining the nature and j
i character of nuisances and for their
j abatement: and for securing the proper |
1 registration of births, deaths and other '
| statistical information. It shall from
i time to time suhmit to the Supervisors
! a draft of such ordinances, rules and
| regulations as it may deem necessary
: to promote the objects mentioned in
i this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
p.nd may fix their salaries and prescribe
thflr duties. All appointments in the
Dpnartment shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Sec. *>. The Board may arnnim n
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County HospitaJ at least
; two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
' no compensation for their services, but
I who shall have the privilege of teach
-ing students in their hospital wards.
. Any student who is actively engaged in
j the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction In any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
; ates.
Soc. f>. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary- They shall be ap
nninted after a competitvp examination
by the Bc-ard in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neelect nf duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to-, and final decision by. said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private Institutions
of like character.
PfH\ 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of any institution under the earn
of the Board shall not exrped that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
1 merit and control of the registration of
| voters, and of the holding of elections,
; and of all matters pertaining: to elec-
I tions in the City and Count y. shall.be
I vested exclusively in and exercised by
' a Board of Election Commissioners,"
j consisting 1 of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
I Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
; member of the Beard must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time '
of his appointment and ' must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must.
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot. that one i
i shall pro out of office at the end of one j
year, one at the end of two years, one
i at the end of three years, and two at
; the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap-
p ointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint- j
ed shall be chosen from each of the two i
political parties casting in the City and j
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and VI j
President, as the case may be. at the i
last preceding general election. The '
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election. If there be
puch third party. and, if not. then nt i
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
: expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing- provisions as to
equal reDresentation at all times of the
two political' parties casting the hlerh
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment in question as ;
prescribed in this section.
Pec. 2. No member of the Board, nor i
■Registrar, nor Oenutv Registrar shall. *
during his tern* of office, be : a member
of any convention the purpose of which
is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be eligible -to any other municipal
office during the . term for which he
shall have b^en appointed, or for one
year thereafter: nor act as' officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part in any election except T to
vote and when acting as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form 5 only such official duties as may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter. -
Sec. 13. The Commissioners shall or
; ganize within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
to ngree, he shall be selected by lot-
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. Ths
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters -who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
See. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed It shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER 11.
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held in
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there Bhall be elected
by the electors of the City and Counts"
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerki Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to ba held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for in this Charter, reciting in such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter -until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as tho
Supervisors or the people by petition to
■ the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
!of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
I propositions for the acquisition, con
; struction and completion thereof, and
i the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
! mates shall have been procured and
; filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
' a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sale
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, aa
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of such utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable It to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. The
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors &
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but in
case the votes cast In favor of both
1718
propositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected.
Nothing in this section, shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same a&
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided. ...
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any pub ie
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the city
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost .of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
-whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms.
In case however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter
es< thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
n< wspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall" call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt fur the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. X" question ether
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring- of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County phnll issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as ir> such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
c day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
such election, and the manner of voting
for or against incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, iind the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property in the
City and County.
F.i 1 . 11. The bonds Issued under th»
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
anr) shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
of the bonds in what lawful money of
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year.
on a day an<l at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in- ,
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with Interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, seral-annually or quarterly.
as the' Supervisors may determine.
Such bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but the same must
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the hi ch
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
pealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall. have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their issue until such obiects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall h.^, signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
phall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and siemed by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer.
Sec. 13. At the time of igESFIp.Ef the
municipal tax and in the mr> — -r pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect: annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual In
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggregate
amount of such Indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and in th.-» same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
stitute cause for the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, mak
changes in the existing rules. All rule
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by th
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall b
public, competitive and free. Such ex
animations shall be practical in thei
character, and shall relate to thos
matters only which will fairly test th
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of th
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
iVssional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. Th
Commissioners shall control all ex
animations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in o
not in the official service of the Cit>
and County, to be examiners: and, i
in the official service. It shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
aminations as the Commissioners ma>
direct, and to make return and repor
thereof to the Commissioners. Th
Omimissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in sue'
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place ant
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioner
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also b
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for tw
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall b
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examination
made by the Commissioners, the Com
missloners shall prepare a register fo
each grade or class of positions in th
classified service of the City anc
County of the persons whose genera
average standing upon examination fo
such grade or class is not less than th
minimum fixed by the rules of th
Commissioners, and who are otherwis
eligible. Such persons shall take ran
upon the register as candidates in th
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, withou
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained meri
and seniority in service and standin
upon examination, and shall provide, i
all case? where practicable, that vacan
eies shall be filled by promotion. Al
exami nations for promotion shall b
competitive among such members o
the next lower rank established by th
Commissioners for each department a
d. -sire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners sha
submit to the appointing power th
names of not more than three appli
e;tnts having the highest rating fo
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same
and the method of certifying, shall b
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the departmen
or office, in which a position classifie(
under this Article is to be filled, sha
notify the Commissioners of that fac
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the nam
and address of one or more candidates
not exceeding three, standing highes
upon the register for the class or grad
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to the!
priority of application. In making sue
certification, sex shall be disregarded
except when some statute, the rules o
the Commissioners, or the appointin
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer sha
notify the Commissioners of each pos
tion to be filled separately, and shal
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the nerlod of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may. with th^ nn
proval of the Commissioners, makt
temporary appointments, to remain n.
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices an<l
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Work?,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Rlection Com
missioners, the Board of Health and alt
boards or departments controlling
jail. lie utilities: but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said ot
flees and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor. the Under Sheriff and the Chic
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deput
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the R*
corder. the Chief Deputy Coroner, th
City Engineer, the Secretary and ti
Architect, of the Board of Public Work
the Registrar of the Board of Klectio
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, th
Chief Engineer of the Fire Departmen
and all physicians appointed by or o
the Board of Health. All officers, court
boards and heads of departments yes
ed in this Charter with the power ta
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the offices or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A^D COTTKTY OF SAS FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and Count>
mentioned In this section shall maks
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b«s
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
ail transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall in
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January
in each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it. and keep a record of
all examinations hold under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vlde for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Pec. IS. No person or officer shall by
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
exnmination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examined; or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
improving or Injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 10. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
civil service. ai d all vaeaneiesoccurring
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
powpr to Institute and prosecute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
' word "Park." extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park."
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
: also the land designated upon said map
; by the word "Avenue," extending from
i Baker street westward until it crosses
i Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
: Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks." as
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
i the other parks and squares in the City
and County, and all the grounds
; surrounding public buildings in the.
City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
' hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
l control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors In office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five in number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Board
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transact'en of
business. No contract shall be entered
into authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars In
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All tlie pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered by th« Com
missioners.
Bee. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and sovernment of the aforesaid park*,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the State,
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
j days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and -shall be
punished therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent Jurisdiction. Noneof
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. G. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donortj
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal-
lery.
Except as provided in section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds: but this shall not inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in >;very
such lease the Board shah reserve Ihe
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall mr.ke
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for panc-pleasvre
purposes only. No such builiin? shall
be constructed by the Boari except it
he within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, sve mes and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose ot conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be l'ocessary < o conserve fh? integrity
of said parks and squares, ar/1 for a pe
riod not greatei than six months, and
so as not to interfere wHh tlie use or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall evpr be granted except si:ch
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat»
i>r Municipal inportance. None of the
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall Le used for th^> purposes c»
any such Fair rr Exposition.
Stc. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
tli« request of the Comnrmk nerr, de
tail such members of the Police Force
of the City and County f..r sorvic« in
said parks, squares, aver.u^s and
groundsas may be neeessaryfor theen
forcement of the law and for the proper
■•bstrvance of the ordinances of the
Commissioner?!; and the Cr msnissioners
may provide c place of detention with
ir< eitner of si.d public pla e^ in which
the persons arrested for violating any
of ihe ordim\?ices of the Board may bc>
detained tempo arily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations,
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out In the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position buildincr. In which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be" so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Pec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and <"nunty not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not 1 c less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION L Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by an ordi
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
i thereon, and signed by the officers ap-
I proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, In the office
of the Recorder, In a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
I Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept In the office of the
County Clerk. r . he bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sumc:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
\ dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
! thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
i thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
i Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
1 lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
! thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
1 Police Department, ten thousand do-1
j lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
j thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
I other on official bonds. Every bond
! shall contain a condition that the prin
i cipal will faithfully perform all official
j duties then, or that may thereafter be,
i imposed upon or required of him by
j law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
I that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come Into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
| amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
j justify In an amount which In the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such hond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
j and County, exclusive of incumbrances
! thereon, double the amount of his un
j dertaking over and above all sums for
j which he is already liable or in any
| manner bound, whether as principal,
i indorser or surety, and whether such
! prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty It Is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may,
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
i thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a mirafty to a hnnd shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. fi. Every officer shall be liable on
; his official bond for the acts and omls
•slons of his deputies, assistants, clerks.
j and employees, appointed by him. and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi-
I tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, o-f the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shalj absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. Xo department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County: and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
: plicant for any position as employee
I or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
1 his office, and be forever debarred and
! disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County,
Sec 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
> ter the end of each nseul year a full re
i port of all the operations of such de
i partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
! when the incumbent thereof dies, re
| signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
| felony, or of an offense involving a vio
| lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be *
I resident of the City and County, or neg
; lects to qualify within the time pre
■ scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
! prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
! nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
j the demand so illegally approved, al-
I lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards.
! commissioners and officers provided for
i in this Charter shall be entitled to the
\ possession of all papers, books, docu
i ments, maps, plats, records and ar-
I chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
; superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
i sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
: every office and department shall bt>
open to the inspection of any citizen at
j any time during business hours. Cer
! tifled copies or extracts from said books
| and records shall be given by the offl
; cer having the same in custody to any
; person demanding the same, and pay
! ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
■ hundred words for such copies or ex
: tracts; but the records of the Police
i Department shall not be subject to
i such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
! by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
| office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
: in the forenoon until four o'clock in
! the afternoon. Except where other
; wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
; kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
! o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
; dition thereto, from the first day of
i November until the last Monday of De
! cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
1 or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
: crime or who in any capacity has em
, bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
: this Charter shall commence on the
i first day of July and end on the thirti
] eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
I taxes belonging to or collected for the
! use of the City and County, coming into
■ the hands of any officer of the City and
' County, shall immediately be deposited
1 with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
: in office and may be removed.
Sec. IS. Any elected officer, except
; Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
i shall immediately call a session of the
I same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
' suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
; move an appointed officer from office,
i he shall immediately notify the Board
|of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any rerson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
; board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
; the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
; mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. "Wherever It is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
| of making such classification, cause the
! same to be entered in the records of
! their proceedings, and a copy thereof.
i certified by the Secretary thereof and
j signed by all of said members, shall be
| filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
I Board.
Sec. 24. Every' officer and every mem-
I ber of any board or committee provided
i for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
1 and to take and hear testimony concern-
I ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
.: testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
i which any officer or a majority of such
i board or committee shall decide to be
; proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
i power to take the proceedings In that
I behalf provided by the general laws of
i this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
in this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
Sec. 29. When the Super " *»
determine that the public m^e s t re
quires the construction or acauis'tio 1 !
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of wWeb in ad
dition to the other expenses oltne
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City anri
County for any one year, they m "~*
ordinancepassedLy ths affirmative YOt«
of not less than fourteen member w
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for sucn
purpose to the electors of the Clt> ana
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the Provis
ions of this Charter providing for tne
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to- the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind ot
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro.
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid Into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to. .-._■_«
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board ot
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fira
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office- nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, of
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election: nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates: nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of Bald
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate: and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided In this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library-
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining In the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time thi.s
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balanc"
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining In the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by this Charter. Out of the•aid General Fund shall be paid, as In !
this section hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of the various depart
meata ot the City and County, except
such expenses as are by this Charter !
to be paid out of the Funds specifically
provided for the payment of such ex
penses. For the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, in the year i
nineteen hundred, each and every of i
said departments shall expend the j
moneys set apart to each of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. Bo much of said moneys
Bet apart by said Board of Supervisors !
to the Superintendent of Public Streets, !
Highways and Squares for the fiscal i
year ending on said thirtieth day of I
June, in th^ year nineteen hundred, as i
shall remain unexpended at the time ]
this Charter takes effect, shall be ex- I
pended during said six months by the
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
its charge. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out
of Bpeeinc funds shall be paid during
said six months out of the General
Fund. Should the moneys set apart
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex- j
isting municipality to any department !
of the City and County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
month?, or should any department cre
ated by this Charter have no money :
Specifically provided for it during said
six : onths, then in each such case the
ex: - - -hereof shall be p;iid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
ontained in sections six and
Chapter I of Article Til of this !
r. Such pensions as may accrue to !
en under Article IX of this Char
ring said six months shall be paid
: the General Fund. The existing
tpality mentioned in this section
existing municipality of the City
' >umy of Pan Francisco, and the:
'! funds which are to be trans
ferred as in this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. AH
the funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and
which are authorized by law, shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity for their continuance ceases.
Sec. 38. When the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
-twenty days In The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of treneral circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eight hundred ;
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors at said City j
and County < I San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that i
day. for the sole purpose of voting upon j
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
riity of the qualified electors of said
City and County voting at said election j
shall ratify the same it shall be sub- i
mined to the Legislature of the State
of its approval or rejec- j
Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
I as hereinafter otherwise
, pr : and after the hour of noon |
on the first Monday after the firs', day
of January In the year nineteen bun- I
dr. ■ • upc-n become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of San Francisco, and shall
si;: the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments?
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
"this Charter.
Thr form of ballots at &aid election j
■ s:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, YES.
F< >R THE NEW CHARTER, NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of era directed in this Ch&J
ted by the people, this Char
ter shall take effect on and after Its
proval by the Legislature, and the
election of sur-h officers shall be man
aped, conducted and controlled by the
I Board of Election Commissioners in i
and for Baid City and County in office!
at the time of such election.
Ant-1 for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
- Charter to be made by him, and of the
unification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
on the first day of December, in the,
.\v ar one thousand eight hundred and ]
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and ;
'County of Han Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
- thousand i'.ihabitants, on the twenty
.. p<=".-.enth day of Df-rember, in the year;
" one thousand eight hundred an<l
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with th« provisions of Sec
tion s. of Article XI. of the Constitu
. ■■ • this State, did elect the under
pinned a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
said City and County; and we. the
members of said Board, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for i
said City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON.
JAMES BUTLER,
: ' H. N. CLEMENT,
A. COMTE. Jr..
ALFRED CRIDGE,
L. R. KLLERT.
ISIDOR GUTTE.
p. h. McCarthy,
■•JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
JOHN C. NOHMANN.
• ' . • JOSEPH O'CONNOR,
, LIPPMANN SACHS.
• EDWARD R. TAYLOR.
A. W. THOMPSON.
- Atjtest: J. RICHD FREUD.
Secretary.
' =: Marion Crawford Coming.
OAKLAND, March Readers of cur
'" rent .literature will remember a series of
brilliant articles from the pen of the dis
tinguished novelist, F. Marion Crawford, |
on St. Peter's and the Vatican in the Cen- !
. tyry Magazine. The announcement that j
thi.s eminent man of letters will lecture in
Oakland Wednesday evening 1 upon ' "J.- 1 '
• Xlir.'in the Vatican" is one. of intense
, interest to the public. Mr. Crawford 1s a
• Catholic and has pursued his studies with :
—■a love of "the theme as well as an in
tellectual appreciation of it.
"Shore Acres" at the Macdonough.
'-' OAKLAND, March 27.— The great suc
cess of-. "Shore Acres" is attracting the
attention Of modern playwrights
throughout the Enp-.ish-speafcing coun
• trie's. Numerous offers for its production
in England and Australia have been re
ceived, and several foreign dramatists
have tried to obtain the rights for trans
lation. "Shore Acres" proves that the
large, theater-going public la always
ready- to patronize good naf.v'e plays, and
this same public shows a preference for I
them- • to the foreign-made - article. A
realistic scenic production of » "Shore
Acres" will be given at the Macdonough
Theater. Thursday, Friday and Saturday
evenings. > .. . : V ' ■
... ~«~
HOt-VRGN FOR A HOSTILE SHIP. i
A Run tested near Washington last ;
week threw a shell over ten miles, j
which means that a hostile Fhip would
•be under fire for twenty miles in pass- ,
ing a battery. Such target practice
will make it interesting for the snip.—
Globe-Democrat *
ARE TIRED OF
CORRUPTION
Willing to Try Anything
to Get a Clean Gov
ernment.
Cannot Expect It From Men
Who Are Interested in
Jobbery.
. ■ ■ '■'/■■ ; .
The Associated Charities Might Be
the Means of Saving Much
Indigent Money.
Oak'and Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March 27.
■ There are. no doubt/ many arguments
yet to be brought forward on both sides
of the consolidation question, but the
Merchants' Exchange and Board of Trade,
>n their reports on the question, have
put forward one unanswerable point In
its favor.
I They both agree that anything that will
break up the present corruption in the
Proposed Clubhouse to Be Erected at Piedmont Springs.
i OAKLAND, March 26.— -After several
years of desertion the old Piedmont
Springs grounds are being transformed
into a garden spot that will be a fea
ture during the coming season. The
realty syndicate, under the direct su
pervision of its secretary, Frank C. Ha
vens, has adopted the design of D. F.
city pnvernment will be a distinct bene- |
fit." and of this there can be no doubt. ]
The last year has been a revelation, even
to those wno had reason to believe they
knew a good deal aDout politics. If there
has been nothing oone that can be made
amenable to the law, there has been [
ignominy heaped on the city by the
cheapest lot of officials that ever mistook
the purpose for which they were elected,
and this is detriment enough. Of course,
there are a few exceptions, but the line is
bo closely drawn that there is no danger ;
of confusing the sheep and the goats.
This phase of the unpleasantness, how
ever, is only -a minor one. The GOO mer
chants who have undertaken to bring
about, if possible, some improvement,
realize that the few men who nold offices :
for a short time and then are buried
forever constitute a very small grievance. ,
The ax that is being ground at this time
is intende-d to do away entirely with about j
one-hplf of the omcials and thus remove
about or.? -half of the inducement to do
dirty politics in the Interest of anybody,
or corporation, that will aid in their
election. There are now so many de
partments In the city and county gov
ernments that when anything radically
wrong does take place no one 13 guilty.
There is at the present time quite a good- [
sized hole in the county treasury, and
no one made it. Two grand juries have
returned Indictments regarding the short- :
age. but in the courts it has been proved
that no one is guilty, because of the con
nict between the responsibilites of de
partments. There are other things as
flagrant in both the city and county gov
ernments, and the merchants believe that
there is enough horse sense among them
to bring about a condition of affairs
wfcich will tend toward a semblance of
honest government.
The arguments of the merchants are I
just now being daily supported by the de- j
velopments before the Grand Jury, and if j
all the evidence being taken does not re- j
suit in any indictments, it has opened the ;
eyes of the public to much of which It had j
never dreamed. It has called attention to
the fact that there is need of a change
and has directed attention to certain in
fluencea and individuals that are working ,
together to rob the taxpayers and de
fame the city. Only a politician can at
ford to follow a policy that hurts the city !
abroad. As a rule he is an impecunious
fortune seeker, willing to do anything for
office and having no stake in the commu
nity to lose. The merchant looks at the ;
to show for it except a record that her ,
JreasuVy is a good thing for comiption
iS The Board of Trade and Merchants' j
FxchanKe represent many millions of |
mv, "• " P capital and any practical move |
thVv may make looking toward decency |
and economy will certainly prove, to be
populw "with the bulk of the people.
One of the most remarkable features
I of office-holding in Oakland is that it
: inures a man to almost anything. He can
be asked all sorts of questions and. they
i can contain all sorts of suggestions, but
I they do not phase the office-holder— ln
°Ll 1 sY IFriday1 Friday an interview was published
wfch Mayor Thomas that is probably
without parallel. Why each question was
not followed by justifiable homicide . on
the Dart- of his Honor cannot be under-
SoodStelde of Oakland. Here are a
ftw examples of the questions asked.
Did you pay the doctor who attended you last
Man Did you promise htm a position on the
Health Board? WSJ did you break your prom
ld tvhen you signed the gas contract ordinance
the condition, growing out of the enajisre n
eltv luEtices a few months ago? Did jour son.
■What money did •■ Pat Qulnlan-pay you. or
lend you or your son? hat did you promise
h M Peter Garrity lend either you or your
c^n iui iv»« it to be paid back n-i»arruy
•^nt"^ the l!Sl« force? 'when Garrity failed
"Sid" £&£* Weaver of East Oakland pay
either you or your son $100 for a place in the
fi Thfflr? de^tment . is notoriously incompe- \
tent DM the fact that you borrowed money .
from Chief Fair prevent you from making . a ,
change? . ~ ' v- .••.•..'■■_' .-. -■ ■:, v. '
The questions were all readily answered, |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 28, IS9B.
; and the replies were all calm denials of
ar.ytmng suggestive of wrong. That was
| to be expected, but where else on this
green earth could any one go to a city
official, hurl such insinuations at him and
live?
There is much merit and certainly
ground for thought in the suggestion that
: the Associated Charities should handle
the indigent funds of the county. There
ar' 1 five Supervisors who average about
$3000 a year apiece in their indigent fund.
■': TM ■ 'C-asinn a Supervisor spent $6000
in one year— an average of |500 p>r mnnth.
It is to be presumed that the Supervisors,
: before they give an order to an applicant.
, maKe inquiry as to his or her worth, but
i it cannot be supposed that the officer fol
! lows them to the store and sees that they
: do not "my cigars, wine, beer and luxur
ies. Instead of necessary food. The sys
i tern at pjrst-nt in vogue is perforce loose
and unsatisfactory, and, therefore, ex
pensive and wasteful. The -A/^.vlated
! Charities covers all denominations, is
y.' s ]y directed, has pubic confidence, and
if it can be done legally, the Supervisors
should be the first to move to be relieved
of their difficult hurrien.
STUART W. BOOTH.
EARLY MORNING BLAZE.
Heavy Insurance Upon a Light
Stock in a Fruitstore.
OAKLAND, March 27.— The fruitstore of
X. C. Lyakis, 1231 San Pablo avenue,
corner of Sixteenth street, was discovered
on fire shortly before 3 o'clock this
morning. An alarm was sounded, and In
a minute or two the Fire ' Department
was on hand.
The block is a two-story one. the prop
erty of Charles Jurgens. The goods in
the^ store were insured for $12iX> in the I
Hartford. Chief Fair and the police de- i
clare that th>-r<- was not over $150 worth i
of goods i:i the store. The owner. Chief
Fair declares, was burned out once in
San Francisco, and a man who empoyed '
him twice suffered loss by flames. A j
Fronj Designs by D. p. Oliver. Architect. Oakjsnd, Cal.
Oliver, architect, for a clubhouse to be
erected upon the site of the old hotel.
Concerts will be given in it as the
occasions warrant and every effort
made to secure the patronage of the
best class of people in the city. The
opening of the grounds and building
will soon be one of the social events
thorough investigation is being made to
ascertain the cause of the tin-.
The second Ftory was occupied as resi
s by numerous families. The shell
was so filled with smoke from the corner
that Chief Fair had hard work getting
the families out to prevent them being
suffocated. The total loss on building and
goods will not exct-r-d ?.-■'■■'>.
MAY DAY RACES
AT PLEASANTON
Horsemen Meet the Business
Element and Lay Their
Plans.
The Money Pledged and Necessary
Committees Put to Work
at Once.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, March 27.
Pleasanton decided last evening to have
a May Day celebration and over $3000 was
subscribed" at a meeting of those interest
ed. The meeting was held in Rose Hotel ;
and attended by all of the horsemen of
the vicinity, as well as many of the busi- j
ness men. A committee was appointed to |
take charge of affairs and another meet
ing will be held Wednesday evening.
The general sentiment among thefl
horsemen wan that a day of races, even j
though for small purses, would be of great j
benefit to them owing to the showing
they could make of their horses before |
taking them East. |
Thomas Keating stated that he would :
enter his string of horses, including
Searchlight, Anaconda and Dione. Andy
McDowell will enter Carl Kearney, Lena
N. and Jack Atkins; William Marry, Di-j
ablo; Charles Griffith. Flyirfe Jib, Agate ,
and Direction. The Merriwa Stock Farm
will havr- Miss Margereth, imported Ivy
and Highland Ball; Uv. Leak, his name
sake and others. The races will be mixed
and open to the world, to be held during
the first week in May.
WYMAN WINS AGAIN.
Bicycle Clubs Play Baseball and
Ride Some Good Races.
OAKLAND, March 27.— The Elmhurst
Recreation Ground was the scene of
some fine sport this afternoon. The five- :
minute pursuit race of the Reliance-Acme
boys produced some fast riding. The
Reliance was represented by Deakin,
Bacon, Wyman and Rosenheim. The
Acme riders were Smith, Sleuter, Burku
and Bolt. After the first three laps it
narrowed down to a race between Smith
and Wyman, with the others following.
For the iirst three miles Smith had the
best of it, but Wyman caught him in the
fourth mile. At the finish a hard sprint
shot Smith in over the line ahead of
Wyman. but a lap behind. Wyman won
in 11:03 1-5.
The best game of baseball of the season
followed between the Bay City Wheelmen
and the San Francisco Road clubs. In
the third inning the Bay Citys scored two
runs and the San Francisco Road Club
three Nothing more was marked up
until the eighth, when the Bay Citys tied
the score. In the tenth inning the San
Francisco Road Club scored and went out
and the Bay Citys scored two runs, win
ning by a score of 5 to 4.
Death of Franklin L. Perkins.
ALAMEDA, March 27.-Franklin £.
Perkins, aged 69 years, died in this city
at an early hour this morning from drop
sy and a complication of other 'troubles.
He was a native of New York and had
resided in this city for twenty-eight
\( u.s Up was a well-known mining
man 'and had been wealthy, but of late
years had lost much of his property. U
leaves a son and a daughter. His fu
neral' wil take place on Tuesday at 2 p.
m from the Masonic Temple, and inter
ment will be in Mountain View Cemetery.
CHANGE FOR THE BETTER.
Patriotic illusions are now the most
reliable means of evoking applause in
theaters. If they can replace the
dreary vulgarity that has been occa
sionally offered assurances that every
cloud has its silver lining will be re
newed.— Washington Star.
BURIED WITH
MASONIC HONORS
An Eastern Star Chapter
Conducts All the Cere
monies.
Mrs. Anderson Claims to Have
Been the Only Woman
Mason.
Spied Upon the Lodcjeroom and
Entered, Which Caused Her
Initiation.
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
i«iß Broadway. March 27.
The funeral of Mrs. Saloma Anderson.
who claimed to be the only woman that
was ever initiated into the Masonic fra
ternity, took place this afternoon at the
Masonic Temple. The beautiful hall was
crowded with the friends of the deceased,
besides a large number of the curious.
The services were conducted by the offi
cers of Oakland Chapter No. S, Order of
of the late spring. The standing of the
promoters guarantees the set that will
attend this function.
Walks are being laid out, fountains
placed and rustic bowers erected
throughout the extensive yard which
will be well worth a trip to see when
completed.
the Eastern Star, of which the deceased
was an active and honored member.
Those assisting in the day's services were
Worthy MiaSron Mr?. Katie Rowe, Wor
thy Patron Frank Fletcher, Associate
Matron Mrs. Ada E. Hughes, Chaplain
Webb N. Pierce, Marshal Mrs. Lena
Hamilton, Secretary Mrs. C. C. N. Wal
ter, Treasurer Kate Hess, Conductor Eva
Mayon. Assistant Salo Beckwith, Warden
Mary Marchand, Sentry Charles Gellett.
Effie Gene Fabin organist and Fred
Wright musical director. The points of
the star were represented as follows:
Alma Alden, A«lah; Irene I'-buis, Ruth;
Carrie McKenzie. Esther; Kate Johnson,
Martha; Lillie Frederickson, Electa.
The casket was a beauilful mahogany,
with silver handles and trimmings.
Sheaves of wheat and an abundance of
cut flowers and ferns covered it. After
the ritual had been carried out the lodge
formed in line and passed by the' coffin
for a last look upon the countenance of
one they had known for so long. The
cortege then moved to Mountain View
Cemetery, where the body was deposited
in a grave by the side of that of the de
ceased's husband, who has been dead a
number of years.
Numerous accounts of the manner in
which Mrs. Anderson scoured the sec
rets of the Masonic order, which she
surely possessed, have been published.
Her own account of thp affair, and one
of which she never tired of teiling, was
that it occurred in France. She "was
living at the home of an uncle, where the
Masons met. She cut a hole in the floor
upstairs through the ceiling and at night
watched the workings below. When she
was satisfied that she had the secret
work she made her first visit to the
lodgeroom. Dressing In men's clothes,
she approached the door, gave the sig
nal and when challenged gave the sig
nals and signs correctly. She was ad
mitted, but it was afterward discovered
that she was an impostor. In order to
protect themselves the lodge, she claims,
gave her the three dec
NOTED VISITING DIVINES.
Varied Themes of the Pulpit Orators
Heard Yesterday in Oakland.
OAKLAND. March 27.— The Right Rev.
Abiel Leonard, D.D., of Salt Lake City,
preached this evening at the St. John's
Episcopal Church. He is the missionary !
bishop for the Episcopal church in the i
jurisdiction of Utah and Nevada. He is
considered one of the most aggressive '■.
bishops in the church, and is a noted
speaker. His audience to-night was great- j
ly pleased with his address, j
The churches in the Twenty- third Aye- '
nue district united to-night and held a j
joint temperance meeting in the Twenty- \
fourth avenue IM.- E. Church. Rev. E. '
R. Bennett, the newly installed pastor of
the Twenty-third avenue Baptist Church,
delivered a stirring address. The local |
choir furnished some excellent music.
To-day was a busy day for C. H. Vat- !
man of New York City, who has been i
holding revival services in the First M. E. I
Church for the past week. At 10:15 a. m. ■
he spoke on "The Holy Spirit" and at 11 j
o'clock another sermon ' was | preached on i
"Darnel, the Man of Duty and Deliver- j
ance." The women's meeting, at 3 p. m.. ]
was on the theme "Stem or Blossom, I
Which?" He addressed the juniors at 5:15
on "A Kaffir Land Convert." An hour j
later he met the Endeavor societies and I
snoke on' "The Land of Sunshine and j
Sin." His evening address was "The Un
pardonable Sin.'
Rev. W. A. Davis, a talented young
man from Missouri, who has been mak- |
ing ,a study of the Japanese language, |
addressed the Japanese in their own i
tongue in the Asbury M. E. Church. His j
language was excellent, and a large num
ber oL the natives were present to ? hear
hinil^ .
The Exposition building was the scene
of a religious meeting this afternoon.
. ;it *-*■ >•<• l<;'--'">' i. Un ev^nirenst. con
ducted the service and preached upon the
theme "A word of love and warning to I
Oakland; the coming of our Lord to help j
and save his people." • •
The Oakland - ministerial meeting "last '
evening in the Galindo Hotel was only „ a
social affair, . the paper for the evening
not being read. ;
Rev. - "W. C. Stevens of Lop Angeles oc i
cupied the pulpit of the First Baptist
Church. this morning.
"The "War Cloud" was the theme of
Rev. E. S. Chapman,-. D.D.. to-night at
the Market street Congregational Church. !
Baseball at the College.
. OAKLAND, ■■< March 27.— The :- ? college
campus this afternoon was the scene of
a most hotly contested game of ball be
tween ; the college nine anil the Y. M. I.
of I the Holy Cross Parish ; team ■; of San
Francisco. The game was exciting
throughout, being no one's game until the
ninth inning, when the college boys be
came the victors by a score of 17 to 16.
The excellent battery work of Raymond
and Heyfron of the college team proved
very effective against the visitors. Ray
mond struck out twelve men.
NOW WANT A DIRECT TAX.
President Boone of the Board of Edu
cation Believes Such a Measure
Would Carry.
BERKELEY. March 27.— The defeat of
the $60,000 bonds for a new high school
building has greatly discouraged those
who actively supported the measure, but
they propose in the near future to inaug
urate a movement in favor of raising
money for a new building by means of a
direct tax. P. R. Boone, president of the
Board of Education, and a prominent
member of the Good Government Club,
stated this evening that the supporters of
the recent bonding proposition have not
yet met to consider just what course they
will take, but that probably they will
work to have a special election called «n
the question of levying a direct tax.
"A great deal of the opposition to the
bonds." he said, "came from the voters
Of West Berkeley, but there were a large
number of East Berkeleyans who opposed
the measure because they thought it was
the wrong way of raising the money.
To levy a direct tax would only require
a majority vote and not a two-thirds vote
as in the case of the bonds, and I am
confident that the former would carry.
"The reason that we did not have a vote
on the direct tax measure in the first
place wa^ that when the money is to be
raised by a direct tax we cannot a.sk for
more than $13,000 or $20,000, on account of
the burden on the tax payers. We really
need $60,000 and we thought that this sum
could be more easily raised by one bond
election than by several direct tax elec
tions."
Reception to Graduates.
BERKELEY. March 27.— Chief among
the important innovations that will be
made in the commencement week exer
cises at the university this year is an out
.' >r reception which Regent Phebe A.
Hearst will give to the members of the
graduating class at her beautiful country
residence near Pleasanton on Monday,
May 16. A special train will carry the
I'OO "members of the senior class to Pleas
anton, where they will be the guests of
Mrs Hearst during the afternoon. Mrs.
Hearst proposes to give a similar recep
tion each year to the members of the
graduating class.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 27.— Word has been
received in Berkeley that Charles But
ters, a South African mining expert wll
known in Berkeley and a brother- of Mrs.
P. R. Boone of this place, arrived at Lon
don yesterday from Johannesburg on his
i way to California, where he will settle
j and develop mining interests in the south
ern part of the State.
Rev. J. A. Cruzan preached this evening
I at the North Berkeley Congregational
■ Church on "Profanity/" Rev. John Coyle
I of the Trinity Methodist church preached
on "Fools."
Professor William Dallam Armes of the
| English department will lecture at the
| university to-morrow afternoon at 3:45
o'clock, o"n "The Study of Fiction."
Professor Armin O. Leuschner of the
department of astronomy at the Univer
sity of California will lecture to-morrow
afternoon at 4 o'clock, at the Mark Hop
kir.s Institute, San Francisco, on "As
teroids." The lecture is the fourth of a
university extension series on astronomy.
STANDARD FACTS IN COOKING.
All dry materials should be sifted be
fore measuring.
A cup holding: just half a pint is the
standard measuring cup.
A cupful is all the cup will hold with-
I out running over — full to the brim. A
scant cupful is within a fourth of an
Inch of the top.
A tablespoonful of flour, sugar or
'. butter is a rounded tablespoonful.
A teaspoonful of salt, pepper and
, spice is a level teaspoonful.
A heaped spoonful is all the spoon
I will hold.
Half a spoonful is measured by divid
ing through the middle lengthwise.
A speck is what you can take on the
tip of a penknife.— Sallie Joy White in
March Woman's Home Companion.
The average length of life is thirty-one
years. .
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A Eads, wt Macomb Miss Dodd, Phila
Mrs J W Bailey, s, do Miss Newell, Term
Q C Ward, wf. do J \V England, Redlda
H C Sibley. N H OH Bar, Etna
A Post, NY Mr* C B Baker. Pasad
B Hyman, N T W E Griffin, Reno
A Hill, Wf, Mich H Lano. Louisville
M lialy. Anaconda Mrs P. Van Wyck, XT
J X Urmsted, Los Ang Mips Van Wyck, N V
J A Murray. M«nt Miss Polhemus, N V
M Charles. Phila J L Hart. Cincinnati
D M Carman. City Mrs M Hart. Cincinnati
A L Levlnsky, Stkn Miss M Hart.Cincin'ti
A H C Dalley, N V Mr-s W X Benton. Cm
J A Chanslor, Los Ang J P ("banning, JST V
X T Wells, wf. NY J B Quigley. Sacto
Alice Wells, m. NY H H Henshaw, Bling
T S Beatty, N V Mrs W Peyton. Sta Cz
J C King, Chicago Miss Dv Hont. Del
J W Gay, wf. Pasad"aiß F Grlsrom. N V
A Skaife, Canada W I. Marks, wf. N V
G ISUOn, Los Ang [ J W Taylor, El Paso
F E Booth, wf. Detroit A J Leerg. wf. X V
Mrs C H Dodd. Phila I L j Killiam, Boston
GRAND HOTEL.
C B Shaver, Fresno IG H Smith. Fresno
W B Marcusson and! J E Folre. wf, lowa
wife, Chicago F H Hull. Wi<=
Mrs R A Johnson, Chgo E C Xeilsen, Wis
C Gore. City J E Burr, Sonera
L T Warrer, Auburn I L R Spltzer. San Jose
J R Treadwell, Nev C j H A Bell, Sacto
W <", Schofleld, Mo. H Thorp, Saeto
J S Gibson, Williams P H Moise, San L O
P Casey. NY C L Tallook. King L 3
W Bremert, Los Ang I C A Cuppers, wf, Vt
W B Holland. Fresno R J King, Hanford
T Courtols, City M Marks, Oroville
W C Ames, Oakland I O A Lowe, wf, Woodld
H R Havens, Oakland j A J Burnes, Sacto
c W f'iark, Redlands E Burnes, Sacto
F E Foster, wf. Or |D H Williams. Fresno
Mrs M T Reis, Or jH J Cocoran, wf.b, Stn
C ' Williams. Wis jJ Banks. Oregon
M J Hussam. Wis F C Clark. Paso Robles
R N Allen, d, Kas
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Herwitch, San Diego I O Mulhall, Marysville
T D Cutler, Mich J Ferguson, Rio Vista
J Rodman, Baltimore F Williams, Fresno
Miss McNeil, Cal R H Dixon. Los Ang
F McQuaig, Ontario iE F Hosier. St Louis
E }'>nes. San Lorenzo Cf S Radford & w, Cal
J Clark. Haywards G Arthur, Santa Cruz
J Bernard, San Jose !.T Metzger. Seattle
G Clement. Vi.-salia IG Sett. Mass
T E Vincent. NY iE I' Smith, New York
J Mulroy. California
BALDWIN HOTEL.
X D Cretghton. Phila i J Carson. San Jose
H Demtnick. Vallejo i F A Lyon. Sacto
J A Germain. NY !D! D G Ivancovich.wf.Pet
G W Jennings. wf. S MIC B Post, Pasadena
J A Schuyler. S Mateo . G A Fort, Texas
Miss McGlaughin, S Mil A Munby. Los Ang
E D Jones, Mass : B P Baker, Livermore
E M Pash^r. N V
Auction Sales
S~?& -35^
AUCTION SALE
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 HOWARD STREET.
TUESDAY March 29, 189 S.
11 a. m. • • :
By order of XJH R. SMITH of Stockton we
will sell 50 h4^V of CHOICE DRAFT and
DRIVING HORSES, nicely broken and weigh-
ing from 1000 to 1600 pounds.
This is the ADVANCE LOT of 200 that will
be sold each Tuesday until disposed 0f. ;".'.-'
A. ■ F. ROOKER. Live Stock Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
. —AT— j^
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET.
-WEDNESDAY. March 30, at 11 a. m.
By order of MAYOR PHELAN we will sell a
lot of FIRE DEPARTMENT HORSES.
Also 20 head of good work horses and mares.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
. " Live Stock Auctioneers.
ores at t'ation lndlcc :e maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It. If any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the past twelve hours
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word •■hiffh" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompan.ea
by fair weather; "low" refers to low Pres
iure «nd is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast, Wnen
the pressure is hish In the Interior and .ow
along th» coast, and the isobars extend north
find south along the c~ast. rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these condition* will produce an
opposite result.
VTEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
• , SAN FRANCISCO, March 27, 6p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfalls during the past
twenty-four hours: , - : V v 4v 4
,-..- . Past This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 25.53 44.49
Red Bluff 0 12.08 • 22..
Sacramento 0 J.B la.S3
San Francisco 0 >■*> »-*•
Fresno 0 4.01 9.9. :
San Luis Obispo 0 6. C0 20.11
Los Angeles 0 5.26 16.46
San Diego 0 4.10 11-bO
Yuma 0 1.60 5. 50
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature, j
55: minimum, 42; mean, 48.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
. FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly during the j
past twenty-four hours over the country west \
of the Rocky Mountains. An area of high :
pressure lies off the coast of Northern Call- |
The temperature has risen rapidly over Ne
vada and Eastern California. In the great
valleys of California the temperature is about
The following maximum wind velocities are j
reported: -Fort Canby. 28 miles per hour from
the northwest: Winnemucca, 26 southwest;
Yuma. 28 north.
Rain has fallen generally over . Washington
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March 28. IS9S:
Northern California— Fair Monday; light |
northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; warmer
on northern coast: westerly winds.
Nevada— Monday. „
Utah— Fair Monday; warmer north.
Arizona— Monday; warmer.
' San Francisco and vicinity— Monday; i
light northerly, changing to westerly, winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais— Clear; j
wind northwest. S ; miles: temperature. 43; I
maximum. 54. ALEXANDER McADIE. .
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL C. _ENDAK
March. IS9S.
Su. : Mo Tu. '
ZZIZ
~T '1 j 8
13 M 15 ,
~20~ . 21 IT
27 si 29 I
We
2
»
10
M
Th.
3
Fr.
4
11.
5 I
12
Moon's Phases.
i ,Os Full Moon,
;W Mar 8.
,«rLast Quarter
; vlj. Mar. 14.'
KcwMoon.
a Now Moon.
Mar. 22.
| 16 1
13 i
I 26
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MARCH -Idas.
Monday. March 23.
Sunrises fi °*
Sun sets 8 : --'
Moon seta. 0:*
SJTime Feet
g H Wi
. ■ £1125 Feet iiii Elf? f Fee:
H IV if, Wl '
L w'
Is 2:22;
2.'2 .' 3:06
30 4:09 ■
L W
31 0:14
1 1:20
2 2:10
i 2:51
4.T 10:01 i uTT 0:10
4.1 1I:U2 OS 7:35
4.2 12:lW f.y 8: IP
|H W L W
3.61 S:XJ 4.1 !2:M
3.2 6:59 4.1 1:36
2.9 8:01 4.2 2:21
2.4 B:a2, 4.4! 3:02
4.1
0.9
09
•j-.u ;s.d
10:. 4 3.7
ii'w ""
8:43 4.3
9:«t 4.«
9:1» 4 7
9:11 4 9
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractive from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th- lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Kmpire
luoosuay..
Proereao
Walia vVaila....
Coiumma
North Fora
Woeoit
San Blaa ..
Peru
TUania
Humooldt.
Santa Kosa —
Homer
Mackinaw
Zfalandla
Coos Bay
State or Oai
UmattJla ... .
Vomona.
Orizaba
I Seattle ...
j Victoria and Pugret Sna.. .
I Portland......
Humooiat.....
jHumboldt !
Panama. j
China and Japan...
Xnnaimo.... '• '
i Alaska.:
San Dleco ' ' ..".
jHumbodli :
Taooma ......... ;
I Honolulu ]
! Newport....... j
| Portland ....."
! Victoria & Pueet Sna —
San Uiepo...:.: ..-
Mexico. ......... . . . .■ . . ..
Mar 3*
Mar M
Mar 33
Mar 28
' Mar 23
j Mar 29
! Mar ?.»
Mar IS
Mar »
Mar SO
Mar 31
Mar 31
: Mar 31
Apr 1
I Apr 1
| Apr 2
Apr 3
Apr I j
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. |
ATIOXi
i
Pomona.... i San Viego.... >Mar 2S. 11 aji j Pier U
Colon jPanama i Mar 28. n MIPM S3
Valencia ... I AlasSa Mar 28, 4pm Pier T
Arcata I Coos Bay | Mar ?J. 10 am | Pier 13
Samoa jHumbolUt .... iMar .«). 9am|
Coiumbia. ! Portlana IMar 30. 10 am Pier 21
NortnForkiHumboidt.... |Mar 31. 9A»i!Pier 2
Weeott j Humbldt Bay. | Mar 31. 9AM|Pler Is
Santa Rosa San Dieso Apr LllAMiPierli
Humboldt. (Alaska. !Apr 1, !
Walla Wlia!Vic±P*Souna|Apr 1.10 ami Pier i»
Belg^ic China AJapan ! Apr 2. 1 pm-PM SS
Coos «ay.. -Newport iApr 3, »AJl,Pier v
State of Ca! Portland iApr 3. 10 am i Pier 2i
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navieratora are cor iially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
liirht.o. dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
i^raph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
neon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by te!<=irraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time hall was
dropped on time cr giving the error, if any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlne papers the follow
ing day. VT. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. March 27.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 80 houra from
Tacoma,
Stmr Arcata, Macgeen, 43 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, 20 hours frm Usal.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Moss
I<antiing.
AUCTION SALE
fe £* fe
TUESDAY
Tuesday March 29. 1898
AT 1 P. M.. AT
SWITZER ! HORSE MARKET,
Twelfth and Harrison Streets,
32 Bead of Consigned Horses .from
" Te&aina . Connty.
10 good business horses, S draught horses, 1
pair dapple grays, 1908 lbs, a fine brewery
team: 1 fine pacing mare. 7 years old, mentis
for a lady to drive or ride, can pace in 2:25;
1 good saddle horse. ■> ■
t SAM W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
Bark Coryphene, Asplund, 17 days from San
Pedro. . . ',
Bark Albert. Griffith, IS days from Honolulu.
Bktn .Tropic Bird, Jackson, 40 days "from -
Tahiti.
Schr Monterey, Heck. 16 hours from Bowens
Landing:
Schr Mildred. Kindlen. 8 days from Port
Blakelev.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 14 hours from
Bihiers Point. V
Schr Wing and 'Wing, Genberg, 4 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Eva, Klitgaard, 6 days from Port Had
lock. •
Schr Coquelie, Pearson. 3 days from CoquUle
River.
SAILED.
Sunday. March 27.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
ftmr Homer, Jessen. Eureka.
Ship C F Sargent. Haskell. Tacoma.
Bark Ferris S Thompson, Murk, Clgnik Bay.
Srhr Volunteer. Brissem, Grays Harbor.
Schr Prosper. Schroeder. Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Mar -7. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind N\Y; velocity -'0 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per bark Albert— Mar 23—42 53 N 1"2 04 W.
schr Alice Cooke, from Honolulu for San
Francisco. <
Mar "4— 7 CO miles WXW of San Francisco,
Bktn Tropic Bird, from Tahiti for San Fran
cisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 27— Stmr Dirigo, h«
Mar 23: stmr Bund, from Alaska.
SEATTLE— SaiIed March 27— Brk Mercury.fr
Dyea; stmr FaraJlon, for Dyea; stmr Dora, for
Sitka.
Arrived Mar 27— Stmr Australia, fm Dyea:
stmr New England, hence Mar IS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar 27— Schr J M Col
man. hence Mar IS.
FORT — Arrived Mar 27— Schr Bar
bara Hernster, hence Mar 2".
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar Ptmr Sunol and
schr .las A Garfield. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Mar Stmr Alcatraz.for
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PAPEETE— SaiIed Feb 10— Brig Geneva, for
Hilo.
Arrived Mar 27— Schr Falcon, hence Jan 16.
In port Feb 15— Fr bark France Cherle, prob
ably for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed March Stan Edam,
for Rotterdam. *
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March Stmr Lu
cania, for New York. ■"'"__
• *V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/SLsg-tjlit *»—»"> KKABXY ST. Established
E6Tif^a-*tin 1*54 for the treatments! Private
HP I Vw gap Diseases, Lost Manhood. . Debility or
IOStCWSe^ <lUt*a.s»'vearin{;oii bodyand mind and
b^**wTs% •*''■) Hk\n DiseasfS. Thodoctorcureswh<":>
J^fe^J-^ialieisfiill. Try him. Charges low.
Twßxfifl**™ Cure* cnainnlf^'J. Call or write.
•»r. .1. F. i.(RRO.\, IJox J957.-Sr.n Fraoclat-o.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
wjS-,,^ Steamers leave Broadway •
'■ Hbt^sS^ wharf. San Francisco:
BBw^Jkbb^ " or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
llT fe£CViJlk March 2, 7. 12. 17, 22. 27. April
■BwSR 'Wl 1. Transferred at Seattle.
. MSair^J-fy For Alaskan ports (from
I r* 9^SfMs : Mi\ Spear street wharf), 10 a. m.,
March 2. 6. 10, 14. IS, 22. 26, 30.
™ Transferred at Portland. Or. -
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, . Anacortes and
New' Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m., March 2, 7.
II 17 22, 27. and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma wltl»
V P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
* For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
March 3. 9. 15. SI. 27. and every sixth day
1 For * Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon,
Cavuco<" Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. £anta Barbara. Ventura. Hu ;neme. .
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles* an
Newport. 9 a. m., March 2. 8. 10. 14. 13, 22, 26.
SO. and every fourth day thereafter. .- . „
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hart-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
T«m Anpeles and Redondo (Los Antjelesi. n
if m^ March 4. S. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. ■ and every
1C> For En«enada, Magdalen.i Pay San Jose del
Pabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaynias (Mex.), 10 a. m.. March 8,
April 3 and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
..,i >, r r>r«: of FflUin^.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery street. .
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. A«ta,,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth
rniiU $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California... .Mar. 2. 10. M. M
Columbia... .......;. ...Mar. 6, 14, IS. 34
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to - '«■"'.'»
. EC. WARD. General Agent. -
, •■ . . ■ 630 Market «t.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
... Superintendents. ■ _^
fHJiasa»*C3**J s - g - ZEALANDIA,
Tit IS fill- tot HONOLULU only,
IvnaaatK Wednesday. April 6.
M™^, — !■•■-: 2p. m Special party
5t \s*^t ' ' rates. *
>mnVshinc) The S.S.ALAMEDA-
Q)lwJi[ijlll[/ sails via Honolulu and
(rMPlfflVh- Auckland for Sydney
lVil!jJJiC«p Wednesday. April 20.
l "-'< ■■■''- at 2 p. m. , ■_
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPES
TOWN, Sooth Africa. ■
J D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents..
■■ ■'■ - 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compapie Generate Transatiantique,
French Line to Havre. -
Company's Pier (new) 42 Nortj -e-assft
Fiver foot of Morton st. Travelers <JTJ^r*t2 >
by this line avoid both - transit |by ■*^»a«^
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in " a small boat. New York ._ to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class; sl6o;
eecond class Sll6. " .. ■■ >l .* .'K'HSf 8 ?^
LA BOURGOGNE April 2, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE April 9. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE .........April If
LA GASCOGNE - Apr 23, 10 a. m '
LA CHAMPAGNE .....April 30. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to " :
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent.
■ No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. . ■
* STOCKTON- STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., •■ at 6 -
p. m. daily. : '  ■*.:■-•
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M. ;i.-
. Accommodations reserved by telephone. . .
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing 7 through : freight : rates to" all points on th«
Valley Railroad. i-" - ■ ■ r i" -
-.■-■■- /-=.-■;. STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER, CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, J. D. PETERS. "
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Inapt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
.Steamer "iMonticello" -
Mon.. : Tues., ! Wed., Thurs. and - Sat....
■ -9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. -• (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays =.......;.....;..... 1 p. m. and S:3(J p. >m. •
Sundays'....... 10:30 a. m. and S p.m.;'
Landing : and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.^/".'
Telejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CFU2
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daii'y (Sunday*
excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso daily (Saturdays :.:
' excepted) 'at 5 p. m. • . Freight | and Passenger*.
Fare | between San Francisco ■ and ■* Alviso. 50c; '
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street, Pier 1. 41 North
i First street, San Jose. . . ■ .
1920
BASEBALL IS IN FULL
BOOM AT TWO PARKS
The Pacific State League's
Opening Game Attended
by 3000 People.
Santa Cruz Downed the Local
Contingent In a Fast and
Interesting Game.
A Live Ball and Live Players Aroused
Great Enthusiasm at Central
Park.
President Eugene F. Bert's countenance
wore ;i look ox contentment as he crazed
on the large outpouring of "cranks" at
x,,,- ci... r, P» «■•■<• ««w Pa «:.-. sta.
League in Central Park yesterday. A
more favorable day for an opening game
could not have been chosen, and nearly
3000 people sat in the warm sunshine
watching a game full of ginger and con
stantly cheering both teams. The style
of playing that was put up yesterday
will be the means of raising the game to
the position it occupied in the old days.
Promptly at 2 o'clock Santa Cruz took
the field for practice arrayed in their
natty and serviceable uniforms. They
were all there. Captain •'Bill" Deveraux.
he of the auburn hair and lusty voice
fame; little "Louie" Balsz. ready to pitch
as he did when he was winning fame on
Mike Finn's nine; -Buck Airman**, and
the same men who gave Santa Crux its
good name last year.
Alter indulging in circus catches and
grand stand plays to their heart's con
tent, they gave way to the local aggrega
tion, composed of men who have become
famous In the busta.l world, and who
will add further taster to their names
as on as they get down to form. In
••josh' Reilly, Mertes and Gimmel, San
Francisco has an inlicld which ranks with
any nine in the league.
The arrangements tor beginning the
season were perfect. The pla>ers ad
journed to their club house where they
formed in line and. headed by a brasS
oand and a leader carrying the beautiful
pennant presented by Governor Budd for
competition, they marched up the field,
receiving the cheers of the multitude.
San Francisco was first at bat, and as
Mertes stepped to the plate he was given
a cordial reception, which was also be
stowed upon the members of both teams.
Mi lies caught the live ball on the nose
and sent it over second for a neat single,
and stole second. The next three up
landed heavily on the sphere, but one of
Santa Cruz's a crt fielders would be under
it, to the chagrin of the batter.
Although making innumerable errors,
• i -".. . .i * ... n . on vviin
Mr. Johnson's shoots, virtually batted
their way to victory. Aided by a base or
two on balls and two heavy smashes, the
■ Beachcombers" ande i their first run.
In the third Santa Cruz landed on John
son for five safe swats, which netted them
five runs. A base on balls gave them an
other, and things began to take on a
biuish tint for tiie locaj nine. In Uieir naif
the San Francisco aggregation saved it
self from the ignominy of a shut out, by
scoring.
.>», ...atter how hard they strived Santa
Cruz could not land another run until the
seventh inning, owing to the splendid
fielding of the home team, Mertes and
Keilley being a veritable stonewall in
their positions.
Frisco had the satisfaction of seeing
the score narrowed down m the remain
ing innings, and had they not been
afiiicted with an aggravated case of
hoodoo they might have tied the score.
Time and again they would land a man
on first., but the next batter up would
poke an easy one to some portion of the
lot and the unlucky base-runner would
only sigh and think of what might have
happened.
Johnson gave evidence of being a first
class twirler, but showed a lack of form.
At times he was wild, but little Charley
Drews would quiet him down by soothing
coaching. The latter caught a fine game
and proved himself a valuable acquisition
to the home team.
The work of Mclntyre in center field
caled forth constant applause. It is very
seldom that a fielder gets an opportunity
to show his caliber, but in yesterday's
game he accepted six different flies with
out a miss.
"Graceful" Maguire's temper was his
undoing. He played the Initial position
In fine style and was a tower of strength
to the Frisco's Infield, but it's all off with
him now. During the game Charley
Daubenbis In running to first collided
heavily with Maguire, and the latter,
thinking It intentional, swore at the
Santa Cruz player. Daubenbls replied,
but before hostilities could commence Mc-
Grath bunted the ball and Daubenbis
went to .second. After tne game "Grace
ful" attempted to assault Daubenbts, but
was prevented. President Bert was
grieved that the tall first baseman should
lose his temper, but to make an example
h>> expelled him from the league.
For Santa Cruz. Deveraux and Arel
lanea were the particular stars; both
made running catches that seemed im
possible until the ball nestled in their
hands. Balsz has lost none of his clever
ness or speed, and the victory was par
tially due to his heady twirling.
Should the Pacific States league con
tinue to put up as excellent ball as it did
yesterday, lovers of good baseball can be
assured of a fine season. Centra! Park
ha? been renovated and the field Is In
perfect order. "With a live ball and live
players the popular pastime will surely
rise in public favor.
Following is the score:
Pan Francisco— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mertes. 3b 5 2 1 0 1 3 0
Rellly. 3b 5 110 5 3 0
Wnlthrous. r. t 5 0 2 n 2 1 0
MoGulrc, lb 4 1 0 0 X 0 1
Mrlntyre. c. f 5 0 2 0 C 0 0
Gimmel, s. s 3 0 0 1 1 1 2
Drews, c 2 0 0 0 3 4 1
Gormley. 1. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 1
Johnson, p 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals 37 4 8 1 24 16 B
Santa Cruz— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams, s. b 3 1113 4 2
Hopkins. 1. f 5 1 2 0 0 0 0
Deveraux, 3b 5 0 2 0 2 2 3
Streib. c. f 4 1110 0 0
C. Daubenbls. c 4 2 1 0 2 1 0
McGrath. r. f 4 1 2 0 2 1 0
Arellanes, 2b 3 1 0 0 7 2 1
FltzgertUd, lb 4 1 1 0 9 0 2
Balsz, p 4 0 2 0 2 6 2
Totals 36 8 12 2 27 16 10
Runs by Innings.
Ban Francisco 00101020 o—4
Base hits 1 02111200—8
Santa Cruz 10600010 •— 8
Rase hits 21501021 •— l2
Three-base hit — MeCJrath. Two-base hits —
Balsz. Deveraux, Walthrous. First base on
errors — San Franels"co 5, Santa Cruz 3. First
base on called balls— San Francisco 4, Santa
Cruz 4. Left on bases— San Francisco 10, Santa
Cruz 7. Struck out— By Balsz 2, by Johnson 2.
Double plays — Bal.°z to Fitzgerald; Arellanea to
Fitzgerald; Williams to Fitzgerald. Time of
frame — 1 hour 3u mm. Umpires— Geggus and
Levy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Instant relief for skin-tortured babies and
rest for tired mothers in a warm bath with
Coticura Soap, and a single application of
CrjTicuitA (ointment), the great skin cure.
The only speedy and economical treatment
for itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, ' and
pimply humors of the skin, scalp, and blood.
In Hold throughout the world. Pom* Dmro **» Ohuical
Co!i>*>kati<>k, Sole Proprietors. Bo«ton.
Cj' " Ho» u> Cure Kvcr/ Bibr Humor," mailed fn*. ; .
BABY BLEMiSHES~ F Tu^ t^a by
■;...■; • ■
Oakland Defeated by San
Francisco for the League
Championship.
A Circus Game Replete With
Brilliant Plays and Hard
Stick Work.
Ewing's Colts Show a Surprising
Burst of Speed, but Fail to
Land in the Lead,
At 1:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon there
was a strange proceeding in one of the
dressing rooms at Recreation Park. Man
ager Cal Ewing rounded up his drove of
colts and after a careful inspection to see
that they were properly groomed, drew
from his overcoat pocket a box of those
little speed lozenges that have been th«
cause of many bad upsets of favorites at
the race track and administered three to
each of his band. Then, in succession, he
gave them an extra charge from a galvanic
battery, after which he turned them out
into the yard.
Over in the first corner was lightning
Jack Donovan, the phenomenon with the
revolving breast bone which enables him
to go the entire circuit without touching
his feet to the ground.
At the half noisy Tip O'Neil was sta
tioned.' He is noisy no longer, but is as
full of ginger as he was the day he made
his first appearance at the old Haight
street grounds years ago. Though
charged with a couple of misplays, they
were all excusable, and he gave those
who "thought he had long ago lost his
speed a surprise by the force and accu
racy of his throwing.
Big Fred Lange at third was another
player who has been resuscitated and en
tered in the yearling stakes. Lange has
just recovered from a severe attack of
illness and has not touched a ball before
this season, so the three errors marked
up against him were due to lack of pre
paratory work. .■':,■
Away out in the right pasture that in
fant prodigy, Lou Hardie, who plays ball
although he has not grown a full head of
hair yet, performed one of the star feats
of the day in shooting a line drive that
was sent out by special delivery over to
third ahead of Murphy, who was at sec
ond. Besides that and a skyrocket catch
of a long fly, Lou touched off a double
and a single out of four times up, all of |
which tends to prove that he will be a |
world-beater when he is full-grown.
Of the others in Ewing's string Moski
nion, perhaps, attracted the most atten
tion. He is built somewhat upon the
plan of a pair of scissors and Is quite a
juggler with the ball. He was found for \
ten hits, three of which were of the j
scratch order, but he has absolute con
i trol of the ball, and when he becomes j
better acquainted he will prove a mys- j
tery to the best of them. But where he |
shines particularly bright is in watching !
the bases. Four of San Francisco's best
men were caught napping not six feet I
from the bag, two in rapid succession,
but he snaps the ball across with such
rapidity when seemingly he is looking in
another direction, that the runner is |
tagged out before he realizes what has
happened.
Smeer, at short, gave what might be
termed an illustration of a human sieve,
but he goes for everything in sight, is a i
hard sticker and fast base-runner.
Peters is a good man behind the bat ,
and a safe batter, while Dean and Shea
are both good men. On the whole, Ewing
surprised the cranks with the strength of ,
his team fully as much as did Manager j
McGlynn of San Jose.
With the exception of Monahan, who j
played center, and H. Krug. who pitched, j
an Francisco presented the same team j
as on Saturday. The changes were bene- j
ficial, for the locals put up such a game j
as won the championship for them last j
year. K rug's box work and Brockhoff '<> j
play at third until he twisted his ankle
and had to retire from the game, were
the brightest spots in the team's bril
liant display, though no fault could be
found with any member of the team.
Four to three with the home team on
the long end was what the Scoreboard
showed at the close of one of the fastest i
games played here in years. Nine full
innings in an hour and twenty-live min
utes is what may be called speedy ball. |
And there was not a dull spot in all that '
time. Even the errors added to the in
terest, for they only tended to Increase
the uncertainty, owing to the neck and
neck score. It was not until Peters, the
third and last man up in the ninth, sent |
out a comet to Hearty, which that young I
man deftly pocketed, that the locals were
certain they had won the game. Base
hits nipped in the bud by catlike infield
ers, double and -triples picked out of the
sky by animated flying machines, two
double plays by the Krug brothers and
Murphy and similar pyrotechnical effects
by other members of the double company
constituted an afternoon's entertainment
that is not likely to be discounted this
season.
But the star feature of the day was con
tributed by Henry Krug in the ninth in- |
ning. O'Neil, who had been sending up i
sky-rockets all day, changed his tactics j
when he went* to bat for the last time i
and drove a liner that would have sunk
a Spanish battleship had it struck broad
side on. It was a solid shot and had a
muzzle velocity of 200,000 feet a second.
Krug didn't have time to dodge it, but
fortunately his hands were still raised af
ter delivering the ball, and as it came
back it struck his palms — and stuck to )
them. It was a wonderful catch and it
set the spectators into howls of applause.
It is small wonder that with such base
ball dished up to them the cranks had lit
tle time to devote to admiring Pugilist
Jeffries, who was escorted on the dia
mond by the Colonel and assisted Jim
McDonald In umpiring. Jeffries only gave
one decision; he called a runner safe at
first, which met with such marked dls
iavor from the kindergarten that he din
creetly retired and watched the rest of
the game from the players' bench.
San Francisco ■ was first up and scored
on Lange's low throw to first of Mona
han's hot grounder, which he fielded in.
excellent shape. Murphy drove out a
double to left field fence, sending Mona
han home. Karl Krug popped up a fly
which Shea dropped, but recovered in
time to cut Murphy off at third, and al
though -Krug got around to Lange's cor
ner on Hearty's single, Brockhoff could
not get home.
■ H. Krug showed his effectiveness by re
tiring Oakland on ths°e •* pitched balls
—two infield hits 'that' were cleverly i
fielded and a fly to left. In the last half i
of the second, though, the Colts evened
up matters when Hardie drove a hot one
to short, which Kelly partly blocked but
couldn't get. Lou was sacrificed to second
and scored on Dean's long single to right.
There was no change in the score until
the sixth, when the locals got a man
around after two were out. Karl Krug
drove a double to right for two cushion*,
and Hearty was safe on Smeer's fumble
of his grounder. Krug was held at sec
ond, and the ball was returned to Moskj
mon, who snapped It , down to O'Neil, |
catching Krug asleep. Tip threw the ball
back to ' Muskimon, who whirled and
played the same trick on r Hearty at first."
Then Be doffed his cap in response to the
cheers. Brockhoff was safe on Lange's i
low throw to first after making a great
pick-up of his grounder, and scored on
Kelly's double to right.
Oakland took the lead in its half, Smeer
making a single and Lange being given
his base. Hardie smashed out a double,
Smeer scoring, and Lange came home
when Monahan dropped Shea's fly.
In the eighth San Francisco won the !
game, when, with two men out, Brockhoff
reached second on Smeer's fumble. Kelly
hit to short, and Brockhoff started Sto
third. The ball beat him there and he
turned back to second. He made the bag,
but. hurt his ankle so that he. had to re- I
tire, Conley being substituted. Stroecker !
scored both runners with a triple to cen- |
ter, and though the Colts tried desperately |
to pull out they were unable to make an- I
other run. The score follows:
Oakland— Alt. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 v
Smeer. P. s 4 12 0 3 2 5
Lanpe. 3b ........... 310 02 4 8
Hardie. r. t.. .......'. 4 12 0 1 10
Shea, 1. t.... ......... > 0 0 0 3 1 1
Moaklraqn. » ...,».... 4 0 o 0 %• i -f)
THE SA^ FRAKCISCO CALL., MONDAY, MARCH 28, 1898.
Dean, c. f 3 0 10 2 0 0
O'Neil. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 2 3
Peters, c 4 0 2 112 0
Totals 33 3 7 1 27 19 12
San Francisco— AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
H. Krug. p 5 0 10 2 4 1
Mnr.ahan. c. t. & 3b 5 1 0 0 1 0 1
Murphy, lb 5 0 3 1 12 0 0
K. Krug, 2b 6 0 10 3 6 1
Hearty. 1. t 5 0 115 0 0
Brockhoff, 3b 3 10 0 13 0
Kelly, 6. 8 3 1110 2 1
Stroecker. c 4 0 3 0 3 0 0
Lee, r. t 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Conley, c. t 1 1 0 0 0 0 jO
Totals 40 4 10 3 27 15 4
Runs by Innings.
San Francisco 1 0000102 o—4
Base hits 2 0 1 1 o 3 0 1 I i"
Oakland 0 10002000-3
Blue hits 0 2 10 12 10 0-7
Three-base hit— Stroecker. Two-base hits—
Murphy, K. Krug. Kelly. Hardie, Smeer. Sac
rifice hit— Shea. Base on errors— Oakland 4.
Sai* Francisco S. Bases on balls— Oaklands 3,
Ban Francirco 1. I^eft on bapes— Oakland 6.
Ban Francisco 9. Struck out— By Krun 2, by
Mosklman 1. l>ouble plays— H. Krus to K.
Krug to Murphy 2. Time of same- One hour
and 25 m'nutes. Umpires— McDonald and Jef
fries. Official scorer— D. N. Knowles.
Stanford Again Defeated.
Stanford sustained Its fourth defeat at
the hands of the Santa Clara aggregation
I Saturday. A large crowd of enthusiasts
I witnessed the game, which was an evenly
j contested on"?. Beckett and Kelly divided
the pitching honors. Following is the
j score:
Stanford— AB. R. BE SB. PO. A. E.
Loughead, b. a -2 10 0 112
! Murphy, i. I 5 12 0 110
I Wight; c. f 6 0 10 3 0 1
i Young, lb 4 0 1 0 15 0 •
I Strohn. c 4 0 0 0 2 3 2
i Harris. 2b.... 5 0 0 0 0 10
> Klauber. 3b 3 2 0 0 2 2 0
I Beckett, p 62 8 0 0 6 2
! Swindels, r. t 6 1 _3 jO JO J) _1
Totals 38 7 10 0 24 13 8
s c . c.— AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Robinson, c. t 5X11220
Taber rf 4 1 1 . 2 2 0 0
Graham, c 5 1 1 3 10 1 0
y , 8 p. 8 :::::-::::
'
cTnVV::::::::::* 3 I I
Gearin, I. f * 0 0 0 1 0 0
! Garnott. 2b... 3 _2 1 - - - -
Totals 37 10 8 7 27 12 5
* Runs by Innings.
otnnfnrtl .....0 2111010 I—7
Base hit 5.:........... 2 1 1 1 » 0 1 0 2-10
iicuse^nius ...22040002 «-10
Base , hit;:::::: 2 2 0 3 0 0 0 1 •- 8
First base on errors-S^ C. C. 3, Stanford 4.
First base on called balls-S. C. C. 3. Stanford
8. Left on bases— Stanford 11, S. C. C. o.
Wild pitch— Beckett. Struck out— Kelley 6.
by Beckett 1. Time of game-2 hours m
pire— Landers. Scorers— Sandino and Butler.
Pacific States League Games.
SACRAMENTO. March 27.— The initial
game of the Pacific States Baseball
I League in this city was played between
I the Gilt Edges and the Olympics of San
1 Francisco at Snow-flake Park to-day and
! resulted in a victory for the locals, the
score Gilt Edges' practically won the
The Gilt Edges practically won the
game in the first inning, when, owing to
the erratic box work of Fitzpatrick and
to their heavy stick work,, they piled up
four runs. There were no snappy Plays
made and the crowd was apathetic. Fits
, patrick retired during the sixth inning,
i Phil Knell pitching the game out and do
ing effective work. . Harvey, who pitched
for the Gilt Edges, was in poor form and
! somewhat wild. He was relieved in the
sixth by Doyle, who was very erratic.
The game was drawn at the end or the
eighth inning on account of the lateness
of the hour. Score by innings:
Olympics 01100020 •- 4
Gilt Edges 42133000 •-13
Base hits— Olympics, 4; Gilt Edges U.
Errors— Olympics, 6; Gilt Edges, 3. Bat-
Fitzpatrick and Knell and Scott;
Harvey and Doyle and Stanley.
SAN JOSE, March 27.— A large crowd, a
closely contested game and old-time en
thusiasm were the features of the open
ing of the Pacific States League's base
ball season. The lead oscillated between
the Oakland and San Jose teams and the
issue was in doubt until the last man was
retired. Oakland had a lead of two ac
the beginning of the last inning, but th*
San Joseans were not' discouraged, and
by good stick work pulled the game out
of the fire. Score: ■
San Jose 3 <1 0 0 2 0 0 0 3—9
Oakland 2 0 5 0 0 0 0 10—8
Base hits— San Jose, 12; Oakland, 9. Er
rors—San Jose, 4; Oakland, 7. Batteries—-
Steffanl and Kent; McKee and Dunleavy.
California League Games.
STOCKTON, March 27.— The first Stock
ton game of the California League was
won by the Sacramento team from the
home aggregation by a score of 4 to 3.
The same was called in the middle <-f
the seventh inning, as the visiting play
ers were compelled to catch the 4 o'clock
train for Sacramento. Neither team
played the men the managers expected
to have on the diamond, and the game
was not characterized by brilliant play
ing on the part of either nine. Stockton
played Harper and Huffman in the points
and the visitors had Rockeneld and Sul
livan. Harper is credited with eight
strike-outs and Rockc-neld with seven.
Errors— Stockton 3, Sacramento 2. Base
hits— Stockton 4, Sacramento 4. The
score by innings was as follows:
Stockton 0 0 1 1 0 0 I—3
Sacramento 1 0 1 1 0 0 I—41 — 4
Died in the Patrol Wagon.
E. Harms, a laboring man, who arrived
in this city from Oakland a few days ago
died in the patrol wagon on his way to
the Ferry Hospital yesterday forenoon.
He was found on the sidewalk on Pacific
street in a dying condition, and was at
tended by Dr. Kearny, who pronounced
heart trouble as being the cause. The
body was removed to the Morgue.
Free — One month's treatment "Our New
Method Cure." Female Ills cured to stay cured.
Dr. Gordin, 614 Pine street, San Francisco.
BLIND MEN
ARE LED BY
INCOMPETENTS
Many Leaks Result in a
Deficit of Six Thou=
sand Dollars.
A State Institution That Is Ruled
by Blunderers and Bad
Laws.
According: to Superin
tendent Hayes of* the
Oakland Asylum Tor the
Adult Itlind the institu
tion is running' behind
because of bad laws,
-which handicap the
management from buy
ing: raw material in the
open market. There is a
shortage of «IOK7 iitf in
**ne funil, and this is be
ing: increased because the
factory is compelled to
run on a basis that forces
the sale of brooms that
cost £1 31 at 9O cents.
Secretary of State 1 .. 11.
Brown has Just com
pleted an investigation
of the institution, and he
charges that there is
gross mismanagement,
although he exonerate**
the superintendent and
blames the board of di
rectors and the bad law*.
lie says the shortage is
$6000, and that the place
is conducted without dis
cipline or sound business
management, some in
mates being gifted with
wealth and good eye
sight.
Unless all signs fall there will soon
be a thorough revision of matters con
nected with the Adult Asylum for the
Blind in Oakland.
Superintendent Hayes says the busi
ness results are necessarily bad, the
laws governing the institution being
cumbersome, antiquated and a handi
cap to business methods.
Secretary of State L.. H. Brown un
hesitatinply declares that his recent in
vestigations have shown an "astound
ing state of affairs," and makes sweep-
ing charges of mismanagement, while
Expert Lewis laughed in his sleeve as
he read the figures that showed how
brooms are being made for $1 31, and
sold in the markets at 90 cents, simply
because the law says that brooms must
be made and sold, and that the factory
must run.
"This means that we are losing right
along," Superintendent Hayes said last
night. "My books shows that there is
a deficit of $1987 26 for this year, and
the loss must grow greater as the -fac
tory continues."
To make the conclusions of the three
men heretofore quoted clear to the
public it should be explained that there
is a law that compels the institution to
run continuously, the broom corn and
other raw materials being bought by
contract. According to Superintendent
Hayes this is a great handicap. He
says he has received offers of corn at a
cost of $33 a ton less than Is being paid
here, the offers coming from the East.
The other factor in the case that mili
tates against the local institution is
that the blind men work slowly with the
best material, and their goods have to
come In competition witn poorer ma
terials made by machinery in the
East.
"The high prices paid for raw mate
rial and the shrinkage in the price of
the manufactured article are responsi
ble very largely for our deficit," said
Mr. Hayes last nipht. Continuing, he
said that the place was economically
managed. "We feed the inmates at a
cost of 25 cents per capita per day, and
feed them well. I file away all bills of
fare and the food list shows such things
daily as oatmeal, mush, boiled ham,
toast and eggs for the sick, roast mut
ton, potatoes, beans, fruit and tea, cof
fee and milk. I defy any one to show
that there is any extravagance or suf
f.-ring, but the simple fact is that the
brooms which we are obliged to sell at
90 cents cost us, when freight is added,
$1 31, and this will net a loss right
along."
A summary of the figures now in the
hands of the State Board of Examin
ers shows the following: Cash receipts
from factory from July 1 to March 16,
$11.276 13; balance on hand, $81194: un
paid bills. $7081 77; bills receivable,
$2982 57; raw material, $1300, showing a
total deficit of $1987 26.
Speaking of the situation last night
Secretary of State Brown said:
"In the first place there are quite a
number of people maintained there by
the State who should not be there. As
I entered for instance, I saw one of the
inmates reading a paper without
glasses. Now I believe that there should
be no one admitted there who is not to
tally blind. In the next place there are
several of the inmates who have money
deposited in the bank. One of them is
worth $40,000, and yet he is fed and
cared fo-r by the State without a cent's
cost to him. There should be such a
change in the law as would enable the
Directors to compel people who are
able to pay something for their keep
ing. Of course so far as the indigent
are concerned the State always has
and always will provide for them.
"In the next place there is a total
lack of discipline. The inmates go and
come as they see fit without even giv
ing notice when they depart. So far
as the management of the broom fac
tory Is concerned, there is certainly a
<. -nance for some decided improvements.
They are now paying $30 a ton more
for their broom straw than private fac
tories pay. When I asked about this
strange and unbusinesslike state of af
fairs they informed me that it was due
to a combination made among the bid
ders. An Eastern firm offered to fur
nish them with broom corn for $60
per ton, and they are paying $90 for it,
and the contract will run until next
June. On the other hand, there is not
an item about the institution which is
not paid for almost in the same pro
portion. I do not want to be under
stood as claiming that there is any
thing like a concerted plan to rob the
State, but I do claim that some very
decided changes should be inaugurated
in the management of the business
portion of the concern or there is no
telling where the drain will finally
flow.
"They are now $6000 behind in their
broom fund, and that after operating
but ten months. To be exact, there are
now on file in the office of the State
Controller claims to the amount of
$0270, and there is not a dollar in the
fund to pay them. I believe there is
something like a few hundred dollars'
worth of stock on hand, but it is not
enough to pay the inmates the back
pay which is due them.
"There was once a system there by
which the inmates were not paid a
very fancy price for their labor, but
no charge was made for their board
and lodging. The new board raised the
compensation of the inmates 30 per
ADVERTISEMENTS. __^^-— ~~~— —■
OF
RINE
V —
We have just received direct from the
manufacturers in GERMANY a very large
shipment of extra quality Housekeeping
Linens, and commencing MONDAY, March
28, will offer the same at lower prices
than similar goods have ever been sold at
in San Francisco.
The assortment consists of HEMSTITCHED and FRINGED
TABLE SETS, FRINGED LUNCH SETS, HEMSTITCHED and
FRINGED DOYLIES, HEMSTITCHED and PLAIN NAPKINS, HEM-
STITCHED TRAY CLOTHS and STAND COVERS, HEMSTITCHED
and FRINGED TOWELS, HEMSTITCHED TEA CLOTHS, HEM-
STITCHED TASLE SCARFS and a great variety of FINE
TABLE DAMASKS, with NAPKINS to match.
SPECIAL-
250 dozen GERMAN DAMASK NAPKINS,
inches square, handsome patterns—
$3.00 Dozen.
SPECIAL-
40 pieces EXTRA QUALITY TABLE DAM-.
ASK, all new designs—
$1.00 Yard.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
cent, and those who average from $S
to $12 a week are expected to pay $5 of
that for board.
"I think the old system was the best,
as there are many there who cannot
earn enough to pay anything for
board, and that makes a distinction
among them which I do no. believe
should exist. There are 108 inmates
there in ail— 9o males and 18 females.
The latter can only be employed in
making whisk brooms and toy brooms,
and are lucky if they earn 15 cents a
day.
'•Most of them range from fifty years
up, and to expect them to earn enough
to sustain the broom factory under the
present conditions is out of the ques
tion. All of their machinery is old
fashioned, and it is simply impossible
for them to make i article that will
compete with the product of modern
machinery. They are working as light
as they can now, and of course there
is no hope of them paying up this
$6000 shortage. It will have to be done
by allowing a deficiency. The State ap
propriated $45,000 for the two years, but
of course none of that could be used
for paying the deficiency in the broom
factory fund. That is for the mainte
nance and general support of the insti
tution. I have always understood that
there was not much politics in the
management of the institution, but I
noticed that ou of the twenty-two em
ployes there are only five of the old
ones left since the board became Dem
ocratic."
When asked how long the directors
had been paying $30 per ton more than
any one else for broom corn, . Mr.
Brown replied:
"Two years."
"They claim a defect in the law, do
they not?"
"Yes."
"Then why was the law not remedied
at the last session of the Legislature?"
"You will have to ask me something
easier," answered Mr. Brown, and con
tinuing, said: "Had they secured such
amendments as they claim will be nec
essary before they can purchase as any
one else purchases, they would have
sav^d $3000 on their last contract, as
they buy about 100 tons per year. An
other thing I noticed, and that was
while there has been only an increase
of twelve inmates in 1897 over 1896, the
increase in the pay to inmates of 1897
as compared to 1596 is $2260. Of course
I do not pretend to say that such an
increase was a proner one. but it looks
a little unreasonable to an unpreju
diced mind."
Tn speaking of the Superintendent,
Mr. Brown said: "T do not wish to be
understood as -implicating Mr. Hayes in
any of those transactions wherein the
State has paid out 30 per cent more
monoy for material than a private in
dividual would have to pay. I only
know that my investigations show that
such has been the practice, and such is
the practice in vogue there to--day, and
if there are good reasons for it, I pre
sume the Directors will be pleased to
make them known.
"At any rate there should be some
very decided changes In the present law
governing the institution."
The Home Trainer Contest.
The result of the homo trainer contest
of the Olympic Club Wheelmen, which
took ' place Saturday evening, is as fol
lows: First place won by Bert Bean In
ten minutes covering 8% miles, his fastest
mile beinp ridden, in fifty-five seconds.
Second place — Won by Joseph Kingsley
In ten minutes, covering. a distance of S 1 !,
miles, his fastest miles beinsr ridden in
forty-elpht' ■ and fifty-four seconds, re
spectively, while his last half-mile was
made In: twenty-two seconds. Third
place, covering 7 V '< miles in ten minutes,
was won by Ed Kraprness. ; - Fuller. Rnss,
Kroety, Smith and DePue also rode, but
their distances varied from miles to
6% miles. '
A Monthly Shoot.
A monthly blue rock shoot was held
yesterday afternoon at the Ingleside
grounds by the members of the Olympic
Gun Club. Some good records were made,
but as at the last shoot, the wind was
high and interfered, to a certain extent,
with clean scores.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Tea - (3 lbssi) 35c
regularly 50c pound
All flavors but Bee brand Ceylon
Whiskey 3 bottles $2
(G B & Co— o X) gallon 3
regularly $1 and $4
Pure — medicinal — guaranteed
Sardines — Beziers 3 tins 50c
regularly 20c large tin — imported
Olives— mammoth 40c
regularly BOc quart — fellows
Fancy young peas 3 tins 50c
regularly 20c Excelsior |
Chocolate-Menier-made in Franca
yellow green croquettes paatllea
regularly 45c 65c 25c 250
special 37% c 50c 20c 20c
High — wholesale prices
Croquettes and pastiles . are for
eating
Peach brandy 90c
regularly $1 25 bottle
Mix with honey
Beer — Everard's dozen quarts $i 75
regularly $2 25 guaranteed
Finest Eastern — never sold less
than $2— well worth $2 25 .
Gelatine— Cox's (dozen 51 65) 15c
regularly 20c package, large size
We import it in 100 gross lots
Buckwheat flour (self raising) 15c
regularly 20c 3 Ib pkge Hecker's
Farma — Hecker's ioc
• regularly 12% c pkge— none better
Nearly everybody knows the brand
Imperial Gran urn 50c
regularly 60c package
The great food for babies
Brilliantine— Pinaud's 30c
regularly 40c bottle
Makes soft-glossy hair
Face powder— two brands 40c
regularly 50c — French
— — brunette
Coffee pots— New York 55c & 85c
regularly 75c 1 quart — $1 15 2 quart
Nickel plated— with Dag straining
attachment for drip coffee ;
Dover egg beaters ioc
The genuine original Dover— —
easy running —
Honey 30c ar;d $1
regularly 40c quart— sl 25 gallon
Pure— strained— healthful
Mail orders shipped promptly
Catalogue free
«2 Pine 215 Sutter 2SOO California San Francisco
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
:■■': I V ' ' •
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a power: u: rhrou.siac and speciao < i mo
(or the , sexual ; and urinary orgaua or both
exes, and a great remedy lor diseases of th*
kidneys <ft nd bladder. - A great ■ R^foratlve
lovigorator and Nervine. Seis 3n \t» "wi