VOLUME LXXXTV.-XO. 171.
VICTIMS OF
A SHERIFF'S
ITCHING PALM
Youthful Convicts Tell Alice Rix
How They Were Railroaded
to San Quentin.
A Recital That Demands an Immediate In
vestigation of the Methods of Certain
Officials of San Luis Obispo
County.
Three young boys sat in Captain
Blrlem's office at San Quentin Prison.
They were Christone Portlock, Earl
Touseley and Guy Lamb. They were the
boys who were rallr I --" Qu< attn
from San Luis Obispo three months ago
on a charge of horse stealing, that a Con
etable might make a record and a Sheriff
earn his fees.
They are minors but their parents were
not notified of their arrest. They are
boys of good character but they were
given no opportunity i'~> call witnesses in
their behalf. They ure the sons of parents
in comfortable circumstances but they
were given no time to obtain means for
a defense. They were Innocent of any
intent to steal but they were urged by
Sheriff Bellew and District Attorney
Dorn, of San Luis Obispo County, to plead
guilty to the charge. The complaining
witness in the case did not appear against
them but they were convicted without
his or any other testimony. No prelimin
ary trial of their case was held in the
RAILROADED TO SAN ttUENTIN BY AVARICIOUS OFFICIALS.
Justin but they were sentenced
by a Judge of the Superior Court to one
year's penal servitude In San Quentin.
They were taken there singly. The
prison records show that Chrlstone Port
luck was committed to San Quentin
Prison or. July > Guy Lamb on August 2
ar.d Earl Touseley on August 5. And on
each separate trip from San Luis Obispo
to San Quentin with a prisoner the
Sheriff Is allowed $5 a day and expenses.
"These ara the boys," said Captain
Birlem.
They rose politely to the introduction
three tall, manly, country bred young
sters—and gave me each an awkward,
boyish shake.
••Which is which?" I asked, looking at
the little, young faces above the prison
stripes.
The boys colored, shuffled a little and
smiled shyly ar.d then the smallest of
the three spok-:
"He's Guy Lamb." he said, pointing to
the tall, fair br,y on the left.
Guy Lamb flushed up to the roots of
his fair hair and sat down suddenly with
his eyes full of tears.
"And he's Christone Portlock," the other
boy went on hurriedly, pointing to the
boy on his right, "and I'm Earl."
'•Earl what?"
"Earl Touseley."
Then these two sat down.
"Are you the oldest?"
"Nc'm. I'm sixteen going on seventeen
and Chrlo he's just sixteen and Guy he's
seventeen."
"Isn't it against the law to send minors
here?" I asked the Captain.
"Sometimes," answered the Captain
guardedly, "they swear they're older."
"Did you?" I asked the boys.
"No'm."
"Do you know how you happened to
be sent here?"
"No'm."
"Did you know you were coming here?"
Touseley said: "I kirMer thought we were
going to be sent here. Chris thought It
would be. a Reform School, but I heard
some of the men in the jail say it would
be San Quentin."
"Some of the officials In the jail?"
"No'm. the other prisoners."
"And how did they know?" t
"They didn't know, but they said they
< guessed it was a case of railroad fees."
"And do you think it was. Earl?" ■
"I don't know," said the boy, looking
i troubled, "I'm all mixed up about it yet."
"I wish you'd tell me the whole story."
He shrank back in his chair. "Chris
can," he said; flushing.
"Gawan!" said Chris, flushing too. "You
'■■ tell."
"Why don't you tell, Guy?"
Guy shook his head.
. "It ain't much of a story." said Earl
slowly, "but an awful lot came out of it.
We were going to camp over at Pismo
Beach. We'd been saving for it and we
I had nearly eight dollars apiece and the
[ horses and wagon and things, and we
'' started from Portlock's house, didn't we,
; Chris?"
Chris -nodded.
"That's at Bakersfleld. It must be about !
I one hundred and seventy-five miles over j
|to the Beach, but we were tak
ing it easy, so we didn't care. Then :
one of our horses gave out and then the
wagon broke down and we had to make j
packs and sling them on the horses. j
We'd passed lots of poor old horses starv
ing to death on the road "
"Feed was so scarce they turned them
out to forage for themselves or die try
ing," interrupted Chris.
"Yes they did." Earl went on. "And
when we saw this old horse staggering
along we took him for one of them."
"You didn't," said Guy suddenly.
'That's all right," answered the other
boy quickly.
'He didn't have anything to do with
taking the horse himself. Ffe didn't want
us to take It. He was way on ahead of
us and he didn't even see the horse. We
swore to an affidavit to that too, but it
didn'; make any difference."
"It oughtn't to have made any difference
and I'm glad it didn't. We were all in
It together," said the valiant Earl.
"We never, any of us, thought of steal
ing," added Chris.
"No," said Earl; "we didn't. We put a
pack on the old horse, and wnen
we d gone along a ways we met
a man and he said, 'Here!
That's my horse you've got there,' and
he showed us a bill of sale he had for it
and the Blackburn brand on the horse,
and we told him all right and explained
how we happened to take him, and he
didn't seem to think anything wrong, and
he took the horse along, and we never
thought any more about it until they
came down on us in camp."
"Whc?"
"Twelve of them."
"We'd have been scared enough of
three," added Chris, "but twelve of then
came. They said they'd come to arrest
us. and we said 'What for?" They said
they gutssed we knew well enough —
horse stealing. The man who owned the
horse wai one of them. He was a Con
The San Francisco Call
stable—Constable Hubbell, his name was.
We asked him didn't he remember what
we told him about how we came to take
the horse, but he said: 'That's all right.
You come on now and don't make any
'Wed just got the camp fixed fine,"
Earl went on, "but they took us just the
same."
"To San Luis Oblspo?"
"Yes'm."
"And then?"
"Then they took us before a Justice of
the Peace and of course we pleaded not
guilty and he said our case would be
fixed up In a week. Then they put us in
jail—"
The boy's lip shook a little and he
stopped speaking. Guy Lamb put his
hand up across his eyes.
"Go on," said Chris. "Go on."
i "The Sheriff came to see us," Earl went j
on, obediently, "and the District Attor- I
ney. The Sheriff asked us if we wanted j
an attorney and we told him we'd have I
to write home for money. He said 'all
right.' Then we asked for paper and
things to write with and he said ' All right.' j
And when we asked the jailer afterward
he said 'AH right, by and by.' Then the j
Sheriff kept talking to us and saying it j
wouldn't do any good to bring our folks .
over because It was a clear case against j
us and we were sure to be convicted in
that court and that we didn't have any j
witnesses and we'd been caught with the
horse. The District Attorney said the
same thing and they both said that the
easiest thing for us to do was to plead
guilty. They said we'd get off with a
year in jail and that only need mean ten
months but if we tried to fight the case
they'd keep us in jail at San Luis Obispo I
' for six months before the case would i
j come up at all. They talked so nice to us |
i and as if they meant well by us and we :
! thought they'd ought to know—"
"We'd never been in any trouble be- j
fore," said Chris.
"And we didn't want to give our folks
any trouble and expense," said Guy. "My
father has to work." ,
"We asked couldn't we have a week. ;
! anyhow," Earl went on, "but they said |
i the Judge— Smith I think his name was—
lmd to come all the way from Santa Cruz j
: and he'd be all the harder on us v we j
i made him come over a second time. So j
we did just what they told us to. We .
\ were sure from the way they talked that ;
; they meant well by us, weren't we?"
The other boys nodded.
"And after it was all over and we were
convicted and sentenced and it was too
late, then the man who owned the horse <
said we'd done an awful foolish i
thing to plead guilty. and that i
he'd meant to dismiss the case, j
Then he talked to us and gave us some
good advice about behaving well over :
here and getting credits and getting the
sentence shortened maybe—"
"I wisht we could," said Chris, "then
maybe I could get home and my folks j
would never know."
"Don't they know yet?"
"No." said the boy. "They don't."
"Haven't you sent them any word?"
"What's the .use? They couldn't help I
It any now. I've been in prison and they
can't help that and there's no use mak
ing them miserable. I'm never going to
tell them."
"Where do they think you are?"
'They'll think I'm camping and that I'm
Just mean and wouldn't write."
"I had to tell my folks." said Earl.
"They found It out through my brother.
He's a Constable and he brought a man
up here and saw me and — " The boy
broke down at the recollection.
"Do your people know, Guy?"
He nodded miserably.
■■My folks are working- for me," said
Earl.
"So are mine." said Guy.
Chris set his lips together. "I'd rather
stay here forever than let mine know,"
he said.
"What do you think of this case?" I
asked an official high in power at San
Qufntin as I went out the gates.
"I think," he said, "that It's the damnd
est case I ever heard of."
ALICE RIX.
BIG RETAINER FOR
GENERAL HARRISON
Ex-Prssident Gets $100,000 as a
Starter for Representing the
Venezuelan Government.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— A dispatch to
the World from Washington says: Ex-
President Benjamin Harrison has been
retained by Venezuela to represent that
Government before the Arbitration Com
mission that sits in Paris within a short
time to settle the dispute between Great
Britain and Venezuela over boundary
lines. General Harrison is said to have
received a retainer fee of $100,000.
Ex-Secretary Tracy is said to be an as
sociate with General Harrison, and his
retainer is reported to be JjO.OQO. j
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898
AMERICA MAY
HAVE TO SUBMIT
AN ULTIMATUM
Spain Presents New
Obstacles.
TEXT OF HER MEMORANDUM
INSISTS ON SOVEREIGNTY IN
THE PHILIPPINES.
In Addition Refuses to Discuss Her
Action in Pledging the Re
sources of the
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 17. — The clerical force of
the American Peace Commission was
j busy nearly all night in translating the
I Spanish memorandum presented at
j yesterday's • joint session. While the
translators and typewriters were ren
i dering the Spanish argument into
printed English, counsel for the Ameri
; can commission studied it sheet by j
■ sheet, making notes of records to be ex- j
', amined and of law points bearing on j
j the matter In hand. As a result, when j
'■ the Americans gathered for the daily i
! session to-day, the Spanish present- i
' ment lay before them in English, ready j
j for consideration and accompanied by i
! data bearing upon it.
No unofficial person knows the con- j
! tents of the document presented by the \
\ Spanish Commissioners yesterday, but j
it is safe to assume that, added to her ;
insistence on the reservation of her
Philippine sovereignty and her proposi- I
tion to arbitrate the construction of the I
1 third article of the protocol, Spain has
made two other important statements:
First— That, on the high ground of
financial probity, she cannot allow any
discussion here of the validity of her
; action in pledging the resources of the j
> Philippines for the payment of the
\ Philippine debt.
Second— That in connection with the
! American proposal to reimburse Spain
' for her pacific expenditures in the Phil
ippines, she cannot -''mit of any in
quiry as to how she has spent the pro
ceeds of the loans based on the Philip
pine pledges.
If Spain has assumed this attitude, ;
and it is believed she has done'so, she
practically compels the American Com
missioners to consider at least the en- :
tire Philippine debt and its assumption j
by the United States or' the Philippine '
Islands as a condition to Spain's ami
able surrender of her sovereignty over
those islands.
It is difficult to understand how the
Americans ran reply to this in any
other manner 'an by strictly outlining
their position and giving the Spaniards
a time limit in which to accept the
propositions of the United States. But
the American Commissioners may pa
tiently continue their endeavors to ar
rive at an amicable understanding on
the subject.
SHIPS READY FOR SERVICE
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: "As
soon after arrival in port as practi
cable vessels shall coal and prepare for
sea. in order that they may always be
ready to perform any service that the
department may require."
This significant order Just issued by
the Navy Department has given rise
to much comment in naval circles. It
is believed to be due to the possibili
ties growing out of the international
situation, as well as to the dilatoriness
alleged to have been displayed by sev
eral commanding officers in getting
their ships ready for sea.
It is the policy of the administration
to maintain all warships in commission
in condition for immediate service, but
the naval authorities have been handi
capped by extensive repairs required by
the ironclads. Believing that the work
was unnecessarily drawn out, and in
order to be prepared for untoward de
velopments abroad, the department di
rected more haste, and some overtime
work is being done on the battleship
Indiana, the furnaces of which are in
very bad shape. The New York Is at
Hampton Roads awaiting the remain
ing vessels of the North Atlantic sta
tion, which will rendezvous at that
point. Their central position will make
them available for service in any di
rection.
THINK SPAIN WILL YIELD SOON
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Advices which Secretary Hay received
to-night from Paris have encouraged
the authorities to believe that negotia
tions will be satisfactorily completed
at a very early date. None of the au
thorities will talk about the contents
of the dispatches received, but there is
no doubt that they have give.i this im
pression, and the authorities are ac
cordingly gratified over the outlook.
The feeling is that the Spanish Gov
ernment will accede, under protest, of
course, to tke demands of the American
commissioners.
"The entrance of a third power into
the negotiations," said an official to
day, "would be an interference, and
furthermore would delay progress of
the work. The United States will set
tle the matter in the way it sees fit."
It was admitted to-day by adminis
tration officials that instructions had
been sent to the American Commission
ers to negotiate with the Spanish repre
sentatives for the cession of an island
of the Carolines to the United States,
preferably Ualan. No demand will be
made for the cession of the island, but
Spain will be asked to sell it to this
Government.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— T1.- ad
ministration f-els encouraged over the
outlook for a successful termination of
the labors of the Ptace Commissioners
in Paris. Whether thif renewed confi
dence is based upon an abstract of the
Spanish reply which was submitted at
yesterday's meeting or is founded upon
private advices indicating a weakening
of the Spanish position is not known,
but it is probable that both of these
had an Influence in brightening the
prospects.
Brighter Peace Prospects.
PRESIDENT DWIGHT
OF YALE RESIGNS
Noted Educator Desires to Retire
Before flge Weighs Too Y\ea\f
ily Upon H* m -
PROF. TIMOTHY DWIGHT, WHO RESIGNED THE PRESI
DENCY OF YfILE UNIVERSITY YESTERDAY.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 17.— At the meeting ->f the corpora
tion of Yale University late this afternoon President TLnothy
Dwight presented his resignation. The resignation is to take
effect at the end of the university year.
Among the friends of Dr. Dwight it has been no secret
for some time that the president contemplated his resignation be
fore age weighed too heavily upon him. In his letter Dr. Dwight
says:
It has been my conviction for many years that it is desirable— alike with
reference to his own happiness in the later, less active and more restful peri
od of life, and as related ta the highest interests of the institution— that a per
son who is placed in the chief administrative office in a large university like
this should not continue in that position beyond the age of 70. In accordance
with this conviction, I have had the purpose ever since I entered upon the
presidency, to offer my resignation at that time when I should myself
reach that age, which time has just arrived, and I make known to you my
desire to withdraw from the duties of my office at the close of the academ
ic year, and my wish that, at the regular meeting of your body, which is
to be held in May, or at the meeting that will take place in June, you
should elect a president of the uni% - ersity who shall enter upon the duties
of his position Immediately after the next annual commencement.
President Dwight said to-night: "I have no particular plans for
the immediate future. Of course I shall serve out he year, but be
yond that Ido not know what I shall do except to take a rest. Yes,
I shall remain here In New Haven, to make my home here as a
quiet citizen, and I hope to die here."
Professor George J. Brush, director of Sheffield Scientific School,
to-day presented his resignation. It was accepted and Professor
Brush was appointed professor emeritus. Professor R. H. Chitten
den was elected as Director Brush's successor.
The report of William F. Farnum, treasurer of Yale University,
showed that the increase of the permanent fund of the university the
past year has been $57,544. The general fund of the university
amounts to $772,358, and other special funds make a total of $1,635,
550. The academical funds aggregate $1,607,590; the funds of the the
ological department amount to $649,122, and the Sheffield Scientific
School fund ia $406,312; the law department has funds amounting to
$117,347 and the art school has funds amounting to $115,627.
EITHER A THIEF
OB BRIBE GIVER
Express Company Offi
cial on Trial.
ACCUSED OF EMBEZZLEMENT
HE SETS UP A SENSATIONAL
DEFENSE.
Claims the Missing Funds Were
Used to Line the Pockets of
the Legislators o£
Nebraska.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Nov. 17.— For eighteen
years Fred Bechtel of Omaha has been
chief auditor of the Pacific Express
Company. To-day he was placed on
trial for embezzling funds of the com
pany. Erastus Young, auditor of the
Union Pacific, who succeeded Bechtel
long enough to make an investigation,
which he alleges developed that $150,
000 of the company's funds had been
feloniously squandered, supplies the
evidence of the prosecution.
In addition to being the Pacific Ex
press Company's auditor, Bechtel has.
been a prominent politician. He was
president of the Omaha Council when
arrested. Mr. Bechtel's friends declare
that while considerable funds of the
company have been used for political
purposes during Bechtel's incumbency,
the money was paid to members of the
Nebraska Legislature during the past
ten years to head off hostile legislation.
At the time of Bechtel's arrest his
assistant, T. K. Sudburrough, and Chief
Clerk Andy Hunt al3O were arrested,
and President Morseman resigned.
Friends of the interested ex-offlcials as
sert that the prosecution is due to a de
sire of the new spirit in the Union Pa
cific management to make a record, and
since that company owns a big block
of Pacific Express Company stock,
Young took this means of making 1 pub
lic matters which he thought would es
tablish his standing as a shrewd au
ditor.
On the other hand, Young's friend 3
assert that he investigated the business
in the ordinary course and found things
so that prosecutions were necessary.
One of the clerks under Bechtel was
the first witness and to-day testified to
having forced balances frequently, at
one time adding J20.000 to make the
books balance. He said he did this un
der instructions from the assistant au
ditor and understood the money was
used for legislative purposes at Lin
coln. The irregularities had been going
on ten years, he said.
The testimony brought out the ad
ditional fact that many of the books
and papers of the department had dis
appeared when Bechtel was arrested.
The case will continue a week. Its
most interesting phase is that the in
coming Legislature proposes to investi
gate the report that thousands of dol
lars have been used to corrupt Neb
raska legislators, and for this purpose
will force the express company to bring
In its books for the past ten years.
DEPRECATE THE DELAY.
MADRID, Nov. 17.— Almost all the
papers deprecate the dilatory proceed
ings at Paris, expressing their belief
that the United States will decline ar
bitration and urging the Government
to yield quickly, since It is impossible
for Spain to renew the struggle or to
expect European assistance, and, fur
thermore, because it would be better to
cease wasting money and concentrate
attention upon Spain's domestic affairs
and the restoration of her finances.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— A1l the special
dispatches to the London papers this
morning from Paris express the belief
that the Spanish Commissioners will
finally yield, though under protest, to
the American demands.
Why Sagasta Procrastinates.
LONDON. Nov. 17.— The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph says:
"I understand that Senor Sagasta de
sires to protract the Paris negotiations
to tne utmost because he fears, first,
that the signature of a peace treaty
would be the end of his public life, and,
in the second place, because he desires
to stave off if possible the fall of the
lynasty."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
MYSTERIOUS
DEATH IN THE
FRESNO JAIL
Suspicious End of a
Yale Man.
DIAMONDS AND MONEY GONE
WAS PROBABLY DRUGGED AND
ROBBED.
Locked Up at His Own Request, He
Dies of Delirium Tremen*-
Investigation. Being
Made.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Nov. 17.— A. J. Brandreth,
a graduate of Yale University, died at
the County Jail to-day at noon of de
lirium tremens. He claimed to be a
nephew of Dr. Brandreth, the wealthy
patent medicine man. Yesterday he
had a check for $1500 and wore a dia
mond stud. When he was arrested last
night the check and diamond were
gone. It is suspected that he had been
doped and robbed. The matter will be
investigated at the Coroner's inquest
to-morro-w morning. Brandreth had
had been waiting on table at Dr. Eshel
man's Minnewawa vineyard until Sun
day, when he was discharged for in
toxication.
An officer is making an investigation.
! into the mysterious death of Brand
reth, but as yet has found no tangible
[ clew to work on. Last Friday he came
to town from the Minnewawa vine
yard and told Al Woodward, a bar
keeper at Harry "Wilson's saloon, that
a relative of his had died, leaving him
considerable money, and that he had
come to town to sign the necessary
papers to obtain the legacy. He 3tated
j that he expected the money Tuesday.
i On that day he showed a chec,k for $1500
I and was loaned $10 by Woodward. Yes
i terday and last night he had been
drinking around at different saloons.
He met Officer Walton last night and
inquired where Rev. Edward Eccleston,
the Presbyterian minister, lived, ex
plaining that he and Eccleston had been
schoolmates. The officer did not know
the address, whereupon Brandreth re
quested him to lock him up. The po
liceman said Brandreth was not very
much under the influence of liquor at
that time, but as he persisted in his
request to be locked up Walton put him.
in jail. He soon was taken with de
lirium tremens, and as he was a re
markably robust man it required two
men to hold him. He had requested
Officer Waltcrn to send Rev. Eccleston
to him In the morning, adding there
would be $50 in it for the officer. This
forenoon the minister reached him just
before he died.
CUBAN ARMY WANTS
UNCLE SAM'S GOLD
This Government Will Be Asked to
Give the Island Soldiers a
Year's Pay.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: An officer of th«
United States army, recently from Cuba,
stated to me that one of the objects of
Garcia's visit to this country was to en
deavor to get this Government to assume
the obligation to pay off the Cuban army
for a year. The statement was further
made that the Cuban army was eager to
disperse, but the men had no means of
support and would be helpless were they
to go to their homes. Property being in
common during military organization the
men are enabled to use what comes in
their way without protest. This privi
lege would vanish at the disorganization
of the army.
Representations in behalf of these Cu
ban soldiers will be made by the com
mission headed by General Garcia and a
strong hope is expressed in certain quar
ters that the plea may be effective. On
the other hand, the administration may
consider the wiser course to be a distri
bution of food after the plan of the Comal
and Bratton expeditions.
BLOODLESS SHOOTING
IN PANA'S STREETS
Hundreds of Shots Exchanged Be-
tween White Strikers and
Colored Miners.
PANA, 111.. Nov. 17.— Non-union colored
miners and white strikers clashed In the
streets of this city again to-day. Several
hundred shots were fired, but the com
batants did their shooting from behind
trees and hedges, consequently no blood
was spilled. The trouble is said to have
been started by an unknown negro firing
upon Wesley Pope, a striker. Pope saya
he was walking near the Springslde col
liery, where the negroes are quartered,
when he was' fired upon. He secured a
rifle and reinforcements. Meantime the
negroes appeared in force and the shoot
ing became general. After several hun
dred shots had been exchanged the ne
groes retreated to their stockade. The
militia arrived too late to get into action,
but are patrolling the Springside district
in force to-night.
DREYFUS MAY BE
BROUGHT TO FRANCE
His Examination at Long Bang©
Would Prove a Very Ccstly
Affair.
PARIS. Nov. 17.— 1n legal circles here
the belief is expressed that the Court of
Cassation will shortly order the return of
Dreyfus to France from his prison on
Devil's Island, off the coast of French
Guiana, on the ground that it is impossi
ble to carry on the examination of the
prisoner by cable, in view of the cost of
such a proceeding, as well as in view of
the necessary delay.
BILLOT ACCUSED BY
COUNT ESTERHAZY
Said to Have Paid Eighty Thousand
Francs for the Forgery of the
Bordereau.
PARIS, Nov. 18.— La Petit Republique
says that during the recent trial of M.
Zola for libel Comte Esterhazy was over
heard to say that General Billot, former
Minister of "War. gave him 80,000 franca
for forging the bordereau.
Stephen B. Tyng Dead.
PARIS, Nov. 17.— Dr. Stephen B. Tyng.
president of the American Chamber of
Commerce, is dead. •2
KITCHENS WERE
IN EXPERT HANDS
Men at Montauk Point
Well Fed.
* '■'■■'.
DR. FORWOOD'S TESTIMONY
HELEN GOTJXD SXTPPDIED A
NUMBER OF CHEFS.
General Young Tells of the Situation
nt Santiago and Says the Sol
diers Received Excellent
Treatment.
Special Dispatch to The Cart.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17. —In the
course of his testimony before the War
Investigation Commission to-day Dr.
Forwood, speaking of the conditions at
Montauk Point, where he was chief
army surgeon, said the kitchens were
in the most expert hands. Miss Helen
Gould had supplied a number of chefs,
and most of them were from the kitch
ens of the wealthiest people of New
York City. He had talked with o-ne of
them who had been with W. H. Van
derbilt for more than three years.
As a matter of fact the hospitals were
never so abundantly supplied. The
army rations were supplemented by
everything that could be found in the
larder of the Waldorf-Astoria, includ
ing roast turkey, pheasants, squabs,
lambs, sheep, pigs, game of all kinds,
pate de foie gras, mineral waters and
the finest champagnes and liquors. At
one time he had noticed eight barrels
of brandy and a large number of cases
of wine. There was so much apolli
naris water that it was in the way, and
when a nurse came for a bottle they
would offer a case.
He said the newspaper men at the
camp were gentlemen, but they ap
peared to be under orders to criticize
the camp. He knew of two instances
when the reporters had received orders
to "roast everything:." He had to-ld
them not to spare where they found
criticism justilied.
In conclusion Dr. Forwood said that
many patients who had been removed
by their friends had often died, and
that in many instances their deaths
were due to the kindness of friends
who had taken them in charge.
Major General S. B. Young was
before the commission at its afternc-on
session, relating in detail his experi
ence at Santiago and vicinity and after
ward at Aiontaulf. He said he had
landed at Baiquiri on the 21st of June,
and that by the morning of the 23d his
entire brigade had been put ashore. He
had notified General Wheeler imme
diately and had received orders to move
on four or rive miles and secure a gc-od
camp. He accordingly had pushed on
to Siboney. He had asked Wheeler
where the good camping ground was,
and Wheeler had replied that the Span
iards occupied it.
' 1 then," said General Young, "asked
permission ttr go out and see the
gTound, to which General Wheeler as
sented."
In accordance with this arrangement
he moved out at 5 o'clock next morn
ing to fight the battle of La Quasima,
sending the volunteers, the Rough
Riders, by one road and the regulars
by another. He declared that there
was no surprise in this fight and no
ambuscade had been reported. He had
reconnoitered the Spanish camp within
a half hour before the fight had begun, !
End he had attacked the Spaniards and
not the Spaniards him. Speakirg of the
Rough Kiders he said there had been i
no greater percentage of casualties
among them than among the regulars,
and that they were not led into any
situation not to be expected in war.
"The report that they were ambus
caded was due," he said, "entirely to
the demoralized reporter and the de
moralized adjutant of the regiment,
who left the service soon afterward."
General Young said he had occupied
the enemy's camp that day. "and it
was a very good camp," he added,
naively.
In reply to a question as to what aid \
he had received from the Cubans in this ;
fight, he replied, "None whatever." !
The Cuban guides had deserted him ;
upon the first fire. General Castillo |
on the night before had told him that ;
he would send 500 Cubans with him, i
but when the next morning came and j
he sent to notify Castillo that he was j
prepared to proceed, his messenger
found a card on the Cuban command- !
er's door saying that he must not be
disturbed. He had, therefore, proceed
ed without the Cubans. After the fight
was over, however, some of the Cubans
had come up under the command of a
Frenchman, who saluted very tragic
ally with his saber, saying that he had
been commanded by General Castillo to
follow the enemy and fight him wher
ever he could find him. General Young
Baid he simply ordered the Cubans to
the rear, and the only service they had
performed was to gather up the bag
gage that the American soldiers had
discarded.
General Young said he had been the
only man in the command at La
Uuasima who was mounted, and that
he rode a mule. He carried no bag
gage except a rubber "slicker," a pa
lama and a toothbrush. The wounded
tvere carried back to Siboney, and while
the hospital was somewhat congested
the men were well attended to.
General Young said that immediate- !
ly after the battle of Quasima he had I
looked the ground over toward El |
Caney and had informed General I
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Imitation
Cut Glasx, Cornell pattern
Punch Sets, Salad Sets,
Cake Trays, Berry Dishes,
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas. Coffees, Spices
Great American Import'gTea Co.
&61.Market. 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk St.
218 Ihird .-t. 1819 1 evisadcro St
506 Kearny St. 2008 i illmore St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery ay
65 10 .Missi: n St. 1196 Kentucky :rt.
8006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mi-sionSt.
555 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
Ios3WashingtonS»t. 131 San Pablo Avc.
&17 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
WE ALSO SELL
China, Crocker/, Glassware, Cheapest Prices
in America.
Write forXata!o£ues«
LAUNCHING OF THE FORMIDABLE,
LARGEST WARSHIP IN THE WORLD
PORTSMOUTH, England, Nov. 17.— Thousands of people to-day wit
nessed the launching of the ram battleship Formidable at the dock
yard here.
She is said to be the largest warship in the world, being of
16,000 tons displacement. She is 400 feet long, has 75 beam and
draws 26 feet nine inches of water. She cost over £1,000,000, and is ex
pected to steam eighteen knots an hour.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach; the First
Lord of the Admiralty, Mr. Goschen, and Admiral Sir Michael Culme Sey
mour were among those present.
j Wheeler that he was confident he could
I take the place that night with his
' brigade, if allowed to do so. General
Wheeler had replied that his orders
from General Shatter were not to ad
vance without notifying him, and that
Ihe would notify the general of his
j (General Youngs) wishes. He had not
heard anything more officially in regard
to the matter.
With this General Young's service in
Cuba ceased, as he was taken down
with fever on June 30 and sent back
home. Speaking of the situation at
j Camp Wickoff, which he was detailed
j to establish, he said:
"I gave them lumber, hammers and
nails, however, and told them to make
i themselves floors if they wanted them.
I thought they were being treated too
much like babies."
He regarded the commissary supplies,
: he said, as abundant, and that enough
! had been allowed to spoil to feed 1500
! men daily. The hospital and quarter
i master stores also were ample. He had
I never in all his experience seen army
! hospitals so well supplied with medi
cines and stores of all kinds. The con
trolling motive in selecting Montauk
was that of selecting proper quaran
tine, and a very strict quarantine was
I observed. He considered the camp very
1 healthful and the size very desirable.
"As to what was done there for the
soldiers," he said, "I think I deserved
more credit for what I did at Montauk
than for what I did at La Quasima. I
think more was done than sho-uld have
been done for the soldiers."
Telling of the hardships of one com
mand which had just arrived from
Cuba he said:
"They were not the heroes, being only
regulars."
He said the privations, of the war
were not so serious as Indian cam
paigns he had been engaged in. There
had been occasions when his command
had had to live on corn and others
when there was nothing to be had ex
cept horse meat or burro meat.
"But that," he said, "was not in the
newspapers."
He was satisfied that most of the
complaints against the camp were un
founded. Many of these complaints
were made by men and women who
had never seen men in camp. Appre
ciating the s'tuatlc-n the soldiers had
"played it on" the visitors, making
complaints that were without founda
tion, in order to get delicacies.
"Soldiers like to be made babies of,"
he said, "and some of them soon got
so they would not eat their regular ra
tions."
General Young concluded his testi
mony with the statement that the sol
diers were far better cared for than
they had been in the civil war.
More Money Is Needed.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Chairman
Cannon of the Appropriations Com
mittee of the House has called a meet
ing of the sub-Committee on Deficien
cies to meet on Saturday, November
26, to consider the estimates for the
maintenance of the extraordinary ex
penses of the army and navy during
the period from January 1, 1899, to July
1, 1899. It will be necessary to frame
end enact an urgent deficiency bill to
provide for these expenditures before
the holiday recess, as the balance of
$226,000,000 and the original $50,000,000
appropriated to carry on the war are
not available after December 31. What
ever remains of these appropriations
must be covered back In the treasury
on that date. How much has been ex
pended is not known, but the presump
tion is that there is a considerable bal
ance.
Some difficulty may be experienced
in getting this measue through both
houses before the new year, as its pre
sentation may open up the whole ques
tion as to the conduct of the war. The
Appropriation Committee will do its
duty and have the bill ready for action
as soon as Congress meets. Further
more, it is the intention of the com
mittee to expedite the framing and con
sideration of the regular appropria
tion bills in every possible way in the
eariy portion of the session in order to
avoid an ex"tra session should the Re
publican leaders later decide that an
extra session next spring was advis
able.
SHASTA'S VOTE CANVASSED.
Republican Assemblyman — The New
County Officers.
REDDING, Nov. 17.— The Board of Su
pervisors has completed the official count
of the election returns of Shasta County.
No material changes were made in the
official figures. J. H. Beecher, Republi
can, was elected Assemblyman from tho
Fifth District, instead of C. H. Braynard,
as published in the San Francisco papers.
C. H. Behrens. Republican, was elected
Sheriff; W. O. Blodgett, Republican.
Clerk; John R. Lowdon. Republican. Re
corder; Alex Ludwig, Populist, Assessor;
Margaret I. Poore, Republican, School
Superintendent; L. M. Dennis, Democrat,
Treasurer; Thomas IJ. Dozier, Demo< rat.
District Attorney; Thomas Greene, Popu
list, Coroner and Public Administrator;
| Alfred Baltzell, Republican, Surveyor.
Women's Victory in Minnesota.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 17. -The returns from
thirty-seven counties on the amendment
to extend the franchise to women on
school matters shows a majority of 9871.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
THE FORMIDABLE AS SHE WILL APPEAR UNDER STEAM.
MUCH WORK FOR
CONGRESS TO DO
An Extra Session Will Be
Necessary.
FORAKER AND MORGAN AGREE
LEGISLATION FOR OUB NEW
POSSESSIONS.
Alabama Senator Discusses Spain's
Sullen Attitude and Probable
Outcome of the Peace
» Negotiations
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— Senators
Morgan and Foraker of the Foreign Re
lations Committee, Democratic and Re
publican respectively think an extra
session of Congress will be necessary.
Senator Foraker said to-day: "Cer
tainly this Congress cannot finish all
the legislation required for our new
possessions, and an extra session is ab
solutely necessary. W r hat Congress will
do in regard to Cuba depends upon the
President's recommendations in his
message. This subject is different from
Porto Rico, the Philippines and Ha
waii, and Congress will treat it differ
ently."
Senator Morgan is of opinion that
Spain can do nothing but maintain a
sullen protest, as she did when Mexico
got her liberty. Her only recognition
of the liberty of Mexico was her evacu
ation. Without acknowledging our
right to the territory we claim, she
would yield possession.
"If a treaty of peace is signed," he
said, "its prospects of ratification by
the Senate will be increased by the
fact that its rejection would throw us
back into a state of war. A treaty
that made too great concessions to
Spain — that restored to her the Philip
pines, for instance — might be rejected
on that ground, since failure of the
treaty would leave us in possession of
the territory. But if the treaty provides
for acquistion of the Philippines by
this country or leaves those islands un
der the protecttion and domination of
this Government, those who oppose
such an order of things can have no
motive for rejection of the treaty.
"This Government cannot set out to
gain advantages by conquest, but the
spirit of liberty advances with enlight
enment. With the first awakening of
love of liberty and an ambition among
people to govern themselves they seek
our friendship and association, and per
haps alliance. We advance by the nat
ural development of the institutions of
free government. The war with Spain
was forced upon us. It was not sought
by us with design to acquire territory
or to extend our commerce, but by its
results people are lifted out of bondage
and introduced to freedom, and we in
turn are benefited by it through the
opening cf new fields of enterprise.
Aside from the intrinsic value of the
Philippine Islands, the liberation of
their people opens up a new field of
enterprise and gives a stimulus to
trade. But these islands, like Hawaii,
have no immense intrinsic value."
"What influence do you think this ac
quisition of remote territory will have
upon our domestic affairs?" the Senator
was asked.
"With territorial expansion and de
velopment of commerce will come the
quickening of enterprise and the open
ing up o* opportunities, stimulus to in
genuity, an expansion of manufacture
and of trade, an extension and liberal
izing of customs, revenue and shipping
laws, and an expansion of our whole
financial system. Instead of contrac
tion, there wilt be an expansion of cur
rency, and all our domestic policies will
adjust themselves to new conditions.
The course of events will accomplish
\yhat party contentions have failed to
accomplish."
CIGAR DEALERS FILE
BANKRUPTCY PETITION
Seidenberg, Steifel & Co. of New
York Involved in Financial
Difficulties.
NEVv 7 YORK. Nov. 17.— Emil Seidenberg,
Joseph Seidenberg and Adolph Steifel,
constituting the firm of Seidenberg, Steifel
& Co., cigar dealers, to-day filed a petition
in bankruptcy. The liabilities are $308,864),
and contingent liabilities $202,932. No as
sets are stated, but a few of the creditors
hold securities.
A notable feature of the launch of the battleship was the enthusiasm
shown by both British and American officers.
With her sister ships how under construction, the Implacable and the
Irresistible, the Formidable is a first-class barbette battleship of the Can
opus and Albion type, but built on a much larger scale, having 2000 tons
greater displacement and 3000 horsepower more than those ships.
Her armament will consist of two 12-inch rifled guns in each of the
fore and aft turrets, twelve 6-inch quick-firing rifles and twelve 12-pounder
rifles "en barbette," besides fourteen quick-firing rifled guns of smaller di
mensions and five torpedo tubes.
ORIENTAL LINE
ABOUT TO OPEN
First Steamer to Sail in
December.
FIERCE FIGHTING IN FORMOSA
HUNDBEDS OF BEBELS KILLED
AND WOUNDED.
Japanese Forces Also Suffer Great
Loss — Korean Emperor Being
Forced to the Terms of
Reformers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Nov. 17.— The Oriental
Steamship Company will open its new
line between Hongko-ng, Yokohama and
San Francisco in December, according
to advices received per Empress of
China. The Ninon Maru (6151 tons),
flrst of the company's steamers to ar
rive from England, reached Yokohama
on October 26. After being docked lor
minor repairs she was c-pened for pub
lic inspection early in November. About
November 25 she will go to Hongkong,
whence she will sail for San Francisco,
calling at Shanghai, Nagasaki, Kobe
and Yokohama. Two other steamers,
the America Maru and Hongkong Maru,
are en route from England.
Another battle has been fought in
Formosa, Four hundred and fifty rebels
were killed and many wounded. The
Japanese loss was also large. The
Japanese Government recently granted
a large bounty to native chiefs in re
turn tor their submission. Some of the
chiefs complained of an unfair distribu
tion of these bounties and induced their
followers to rise again. Six companies
of Japanese infantry, sappers and
troopers, marched against and sur
rounded them, killing the number
stated.
A crisis exists in Korea. Natives led
by the Independence Club of Seoul de
manded the dismissal of Cabinet offi
cers who favored reviving the old tor
ture system of punishment of prison
ers and of depriving people of the right
of memorializing the Government. The
Emperor was compelled to dismiss his
Premier and Ministers of Wai", Justice,
Finance, Imperial Household and Agri
culture and Industry. Yun Yongson
was nominated Premier. His appoint
ment raised a storm of indignation, be
cause tht- Independence Club had lately
secured his dismissal from other offices.
His residence was besieged by the agi
tators and he quickly resigned. More
satisfactory Ministers were then named.
The Independence Club is composed of
Korean reformers, who are fighting for
justice and better government. Its
delegates who demanded changes in the
Cabinet sat in front of the new palace
gate for several days, until the Em
peror acquiesced in their demands. The
club now requests the organization of
the Diet, but the Government rejects
the proposal on the ground that Korea
Is not yet sufficiently advanced to have
a national congress. The Emperor has
promised other reforms, including es
tablishment of schools for girls.
AWFUL COLLISION OF
JAPANESE STEAMERS
Seventy Persons Reported Drowned
in an Inland Sea — Leper Scare
at Manila.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 17.— Advices re
ceived by the steamship Empress of
China tell of a terrible disaster in an in
land sea on October 25, when the steam? r
Kinshu-maru came into collision with
the steamer Miagawa-maru, off Takami,
sinking: the latter in three minutes. It is
reported that 180 persons were saved, but
that seventy were drowned. So strong;
was the impact .that the captain, who
was on the bridge, was thrown into the
sea. He was saved, however, with all
the crew.
There is a leper scare in Manila.
Through the neglect of Spanish officials
nearly 200 lepera have escaped from con
finement. For ;i time thi;; was unknown
to the American authorities, and the out
casts were allowed to wander at large.
Orders have been issued to the effect that
all lepers shall be arrested and sent to a
small uninhabited island south of Luzon.
On this island the American Govern
ment will establish harborage for the
lepers of the Philippines. They will be
fed and cared for at the expense of the
Government. As far as can be ascer
tained, about sixty lepers are still at
large on the streets and in the suburbs of
Manila.
A. W. FOSTER ELECTED A
RAILROAD PRESIDENT
Chosen by the Directors of the Cali
fornia Northwestern, as Pre
dicted by The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 17.— "T0 Agents,
Conductors and All Concerned: At the di
rectors' meeting held this day Mr. A. W.
Foster was unanimously elected president
of the company.
"THOMAS MELLERSH, Secretary."
This brief notice sent to every station
agent of the California Northwestern Rail
way to-day testifies to the fulfillment of a
prophecy made a few days ago in The
Call that since the trouble among the di
rectors had been settled by Messrs. Fos
ter, Newhall, Palache and others buying
the stock held by A. Borel, J. B. Stetson
and other directors of the North Pacific
Coast Railway it would not be long until
Mr. Foster would fill the position of presi
dent of the new company. .
The settlement of the war between the
directors and the election of Mr Foster
as president to succeed Gilbert Palache
will cause great pleasure to property own
ers in Mendocino and Humboldt counties
to X lfc . "jeans *l hat the road will soon he
extended northward from Uklah to tap
the grreat timber belts of both couniies
and offer an outlet for the product of the
vast coal mines in the re ** On of Round
Valley.
SEATTLE fETS THE NEXf
W. C. T. U. CONVENTION
Mrs. Stevens, New President, Makes
Announcement Regarding
Headquarters.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 17.-What Is known as
the Post Executive Committee of the W.
C. T. U., in which various matters of bus
iness referred to the board by the conven
tion are acted on, met In this city to-day.
Seattle was decided upon as the next
place for holding the convention, the time
to be about the middle of October, the ex
act date being left to be fixed later. Mrs.
Stevens, the president, announced that
Miss Powderly. the stenographer, who
served Miss Willard faithfully for four
teen years, would be retained in her posi
tion. Attention was called to the f&pt
that Miss Powderiy is a Catholic
It was announced by the new presi
dent, Mrs. Stevens, that she would re
main at headquarters in Chicago until
Christmas and would then divide her
tf me between her h °nie at Portland, Me
%nd Chicago. '
ACCIDENTALLY AND
INSTANTLY KILLED
Contractor McDougald of Stockton
Meets the Same Fate as
His Brother.
STOCKTON. Nov. 17.-Contractor J. D.
McDougald was accidentally and instant
ly killed this afternoon about 3:15 o'clock
at the Weber cut-off, three miles from
Stockton. He was pulling a shotgun out of
his buggy, muzzle first, when the tripper
caught on something, causing the con
tents of the gun to be discharged into his
Ed. Sherwood of Stockton, who wit
nessed the accident, immediately came to
town and notified the Coroner Mc-
Doflgald was president of the board of
managers of the State Hospital for the
Insane at STockton and was well known
throughout this part of the State He
leaves a widow and several children It
is understood that his life was heavily
insured. A. brother of the unfortunate
man was killed in the same way in the
Yosemite Valley some years ago.
PACIFIC MAIL PROSPERITY.
Increases Its Semi-Annual Dividend
Ona-Half of One Per Cent.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— The directors of
the Pacific Mail Steamship Company met
lost night and increased the semi-annual
dividend rate one-half of 1 per cent Presi
dent C. P. Huntingdon said that this ac
tion was warranted by the cash holdings
of the company, over J1.500,000. It will re
quire $?,00.000 to pay the increased dividend
and this will leave enough to protect Pa
cific Mail interests on the Pacific Mr
Huntington added that the story that two
new steamships had been ordered was at
least premature, &Ufe«:gh additions to the
company's fleet were contemplated be
cause its business needs them.
IDAHO GOLD EXCITEMENT.
Big Stampede to the Rich Diggings
Near Snowshoe Pass.
SPOKANE, Wash., Nov. 17.— A Lewis
ton special to the Spokesman-Review
says: A great strike of high-grade ore is
reported near Snowshoe Pass on the
Warren Trail, twenty miles south of
Florence, Idaho. A big stampede from
Florence is reported.
The Florence correspondent of the
Spokesman-Review reports that the
strike was made between the now famous
Buffalo Hump and Thunder Mountain
The great vein crops 6000 feet, is froni
30 to 90 feet wide and carries abundance
of free gold.
Capital Thanksgiving Stories by
prominent writers, in next Sunday's
Call.
EVACUATION TERMS
FORMALLY SIGNED
Spar>ish Troops Will Carry Tfteir
Full £Iccoutern)er)ts When
Leaving Cuba.
8 HAVANA, Nov. 17.— As cabled yesterday the date for the Span
i ish evacuation has been definitely fixed at January 1. All the Span
: ish troops remaining on the island will be quartered, under the pro
: tection of the United States, in camps especially designated, pend
ing embarkation for Spain. The convention was formally signed to
: day.
: Nothing was definitely settled at yesterday's joint session re
: grardlng the question of fixed and movable property, and it is un
derstood that the subject will be referred to the respective govern
ments for consideration. The Spanish troops will carry their small
arms, colors, field pieces and the entire equipment of an army in
the field. :
Manuel Sangullly of the special commission from the Cuban As
sembly at Santa Cruz del Sur, who left yesterday for the United :
States, was followed to-day by his colleagues, who went by the Se
guranca. General Calixto Garcia, at Captain General Blanco's sug- ;
gestlon, was taken by a tug from Playa de Marianao to the Ward :
liner. This was to prevent any demonstration such as might have •
ensued had the Cuban special commissioner passed through Havana !
Many went on board the Seguranca to say farewell and to wish 1
the commissioners success at Washington. No Cuban flags however •
were displayed in the harbor and there was no disorder of' any kind' !
General Gar.-ia said that he and his associates on the commission !
were very sanguine as to the outcome of their expected interview \
with President McKinley. interview
TO IMPROVE THE
STATE LIBRARY
Call for an Important
Meeting.
MANY SUBJECTS TO DISCUSS
CERTAIN LEGISLATION THAT IS
NECESSARY.
Trustees of the Statj Library and
the State Library Association
About to Hold a
Conference.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 17. — Interest
has been awakened here in a joint
meeting of the trustees of the State
Library and the State Library Asso
ciation, to be held in the Senate cham
ber on the afternoon of November 25
The call, which is now being sent
throughout the State, announces that
one of the objects of the meeting will
be to discuss and agree upon a plan for
the establishment of a system of trav
eling libraries. Efforts will be made
to secure the enactment of a law pro
viding for carrying the same into effect.
Another question to be eo-nsidered will
be that of inter-library loans, giving es
pecial attention to the splendid collec
tion in the State Library, and the de
vising of a plan by which its riches can
be made more generally available.
Speaking of the approaching confer
ence State Librarian Frank L. Coombs
said to The Call correspondent to-day:
"The conference is to be held at the
suggestion of George T. Clark, Librar
ian of the San Francisco Free Library.
It was deemed best to postpone the
date of the meeting until after the elec
tion in order that the newly elected
members of the Legislature might have
the opportunity to familiarize them
selves with the subject. Whatever our
proceedings may be they will all be in
the direction of a law which we will en
deavor to have the next Legislature
pass. . ,
"The State Library has gone beyond
its original scope— that of supplying
State officials and legislators with data,
etc.— and has become a sort of State
storehouse for a large number of valu
able works of art and literature. But
under the present system the library s
volumes are inaccessible to a large
number of its benefactors, the people
of this State in general.
"There is now an opportunity to bring
the State library into touch with the
other libraries of California, by the
suggested system of the interchange of
volumes. This system contemplates the
sending of books to libraries applying
for them, in response to the require-:
ments of their patrons. The libraries
thus receiving the books shall be re
sponsible for their safe return. In this
way many volumes that are now prac
tically out of the reach of the public
will be accessible to it, and the useful
ness of the library to the people of the
State will be greatly enhanced."
Mr. Coombs said that there were
many volumes which were too valuable
to be allowed to leave the library. For
instance, the library contains one set of
"Shakespeare," valued at $2500. There
is also a "Life of Christ" which is
valued at $100 per section. The collec
tion as a whole comprises 100,000 vol
umes, and there are many of these
which cannot be duplicated in any of
the libraries of the State.
INTERESTS THE COAox.
Army Orders, Postoffice Changes and
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The Postofflce
Department has extended the rural free
delivery service to Santa Ana T Cal. Three
carriers will be appointed.
The Postofflce Department to-day issued
the following order: Hereafter mail for
Manila, including- that for the army and
navy, If especially addressed to go via
Vancouver or via Europe will be so dis
patched. Such especially addressed mail
will, however, be subject to postal union
rates.
Richard Stephens was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Flllmore, Ventura County,
Cal.. vice S. A. Culbertson Jr.. resigned.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War the telegraphic instructions from
this office, directing discharge without
honor from the service of the United
States of Private John Asmuss. Light
Battery A. Oregon Volunteer Artillery,
are hereby confirmed.
Private Albert Austin, Troop K. Fifth
United States Cavalry, now supposed to
be in confinement at Mr.nila. Philippine
Inlands, who deserted or January 14, 1897,
and was apprehends? while serving in
Company L., Twenty-third United States
Infantry, under the name of Thomas J.
Tennison, is restored to duty without
trial upon condition that he make good
the time lost by desertion. Private Austin
is transferred to Company L, Twenty
third United State* Infantry, to serve the
remainder of his original enlistment.
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War, the telegraphic instructions from
this office directing the discharge from
the service of the United States of the
rnnfl^S nam ? d enlis *ed men are hereby
confirmed: Private Joe Lang, Battery 1,
Island r^ d n State f Artillery, Angel
laianci, (_al.; Corporal Ernest C Tpnnpi-
Fnfan?"/ D> Flrs? Washington VoluS
Chir\f^nJ Or £ a »'ornlans: Original-
Rnfhi^K c^ ee> San Francisco, $6; Jacob
\V ? amnnnV eC c c , r ,' Red Bluff . «: Samuel
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
vrk* i, In S rease -Erastus S. Farnham
eTc Sh^V 0 m - Original
\fcn a n Fassett, San Francisco, $12.
liamv ppr? r survivors: Increase-lwil-
O?^™ ens ? n> G r af ton. $8 to ?12.
T&ardv-m* .^"ease-Henry Gllmore.
••■'sarayiiie, J6 to $8. Orieinal widow*
etc.-Margaretta F.Brooksf Portland, Til.'
MISSION BURNED
BY CHINESE REBELS
Kewie Ku, a Town in the Upper
Yang-tse-Kiang Valley,
Looted.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 17.-The rebels have
attacked and looted the town of Kewel
an^' ho th X Upp % T J an e-tse-Klang valley,
and have burned the mission there. Fur
ther details are not obtainable at present.
OEBMAN CRUISER ASHORE.
Prince Henry's Flagship Stranded in
Chinese Waters.
SHANGHAI, Nov. 17.— German
armored cruiser Kaiser, flagship of the
squadron under command of Prince
Henry of Prussia in Chinese waters, is
ashore in Samsah Bay. The other vessels
w % squadron 1 an ' assisting in getting
her off It is believed that the Kaiser has
not suffered serious damage.
Failed to Prove Vote Buying-.
LAKbON, Jsev., Nov. 17.— The second
charge of vote-buying prefe red agraJnst
E.dmund James, chairman ol tl»e Sliver
Central Committee, by Nesto Coronado
was dismissed by Justice Stone. Ine
prosecution failed to prove its case
Joe Jefferson Slightly Improved.
in.h,\v lUKh., JNov. 17.— Joseph Jefferson,
the actor, was reported slightly Improved
t midnight to-night.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tn life should be to found a home and
then help to make It a home In every
sense the word implies— peace-
ful, intellectual, pleasant, comfortable.
To do this a well filled cupboard goes
farther than many think. To have it
well filled it is necessary to have rules.
The cash rule is the best of all. Will
you try it? These are cash prices:
______
I CASH GROCERIES.
10 lbs. best and sweetest Lard ... . TSa
10 lbs. best Cocoa Shells ""*Wo
1 Ib. Schepp's Best Cocoanut °"lsc
Lucca Oil for cooking purposes '.! "is c
3-lb. tin Baked Beans, Tomato Sauce.... ""lOc
Boneless Chicken Tamales 10c
8-oz. tins best Baking Powder "."!io<j
HOUSEKEEPING ITEMS.
Tea Kettles, good size, family use.. <>*,
Bread Pans, 4xlo inches ngl
Cullenders, family size ", ,;£
Lipped Sauce Pans, small «■£
Lipped Sauce Pans, family size 'I"*"l0c
Measures to hold 1 quart , *"*osj
Pudding Pans, to hold 1 quart.. . )u^
"Water Pails, to hold 8 quarts !.'.'!!lsc
THINGS TO WEAR.
Boys' $1 50 Hats, light colors 50 c
Young men's high-cost Hats, closing «£
Men's gray ribbed Shirts or Drawers 3>c
Men's Jl 50 Casslmere Vests, small sizes!"'7sc
Men's working Gloves, great sellers . «S
Ladies' black taffeta Gloves, ?5c ones ""lbc
Ladies U Sweaters, from Alaska stock 12 on
Ladies' black Capes, quite dressy-looklng"si 00
I B .' I*, s ? cc * ters u5_ 'to_i_ the peo " >*
i black Capes, quite dressy-looking $1 00
££& or b'u7?n nn e mm f tt O o r the Pe ° Ple "
THIRD FLOOR BARGAINS.
Remnants of Brussels Carpets »*„',; '
Remnants of other Carpets... ""
Short lengths Matting, few yards" """l^ ,
Short lengths OU Cloth, floor ' "1^ " p
Remnants Table Oil Cloth; reduced 'in crW P
Blankets. Cal. Wool, . chean natr mm
tlis Matting, lew yard's io£ nS
tji Oil Cloth. flooV {SHS
Table Oil Cloth, reduced " in price P
Bankets GMrßla-^^Mtto^pSS'"-- 13^
Heavy, fine Blankets. Cal. Wool gray Dr'riS
Heavy white California ■B!ankeU..>!!?[ i .s|l|f 00
|STORE OPEN UNTIL 8 P. M/ ON SATUR-
THl A mGHT! AT FIRST COUNTER ON
THE E BAY^ PROMPT DELIVERY ACROSS ;
OUR AIM IS TO LEASE — OTTALITT
PRICE. SERVICE *--^A&_ — «UA_H V,
BAZAAR' YOU TRIED TH GREAT CASH
» v?> S-; :>'& I /^^^»
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S F.HOW D. M. TOMBLIN MANIPULATED AFFAIRS
OF THE JOHN BROWN COLONY AND ITS FEEDERS
Startling Revelations of the
Conduct of the Pacific
Bank Wreckers.
Revelry and Extravagance Marked
the History of the Possession
of the Bankers and Their
Tools.
The announcement in The Call yes
terday morning that there is in this
city very valuable property of Dr. R.
H. McDonald subject to attachment
has created a sensation. For over five
years defrauded creditors of the Mc-
Donald bank have been searching in
vain for the evidence that was present
ed in yesterday's Call. The legal*seiz
ure of property that has been made in
the courts of this city will be prosecut
ed to a conclusion as rapidly as possi
ble. There is very little question that
Horace W. Carpentier will make a de
fense to save the Market s* ~eet prop
erty from the creditors of the bank, but
the evidence supplied by Call and
other facts now in possession of this
newspaper will demonstrate that Mr.
Carpentier holds this valuable local
real estate simply as the agent of Dr.
McDonald.
As soon as sufficient time has elapsed
for the necessary legal advertisement
of the summons the action will be tried.
When the facts have been submitted
before the Superi6r Court the property
will be placed in the hands of the cred
itors of the McDonald banks to be used
to their advantage and in liquidation
partially of their claims. The Call re
sumes this morning' the history of the
secret correspondence of the McDonald
bank conspirators, beginning the pub
lication of a remarkable series of let
ters written by D. M. Tomblin, one of
the confidential advisers of R. H. Mc-
Donald Jr.
The correspondence of D. M. Tomblin
reveals the operations of the powerful
conspiracy that ruled the John Brown
colony and the Madera Bank from Oc
tober, 1891. until long after the collapse
of the Pacific Bank on June 22, 1893. A
brief outline of the history of the John
Brown colony and of the Madera Bank
Is necessary to understand Tomblin's
letters and the position the writer oc
cupied in reference to the other con
spirators in the bank. In September of
1889 John Brown purchased thirty-two
hundred acres of land in what was
then Fresno County from Thomas E.
Hughes and J. L. Martin. At a sub
sequent day two thousand acres more
were purchased from E. W. Chapman.
All of this land was within seven miles
of the town of Madera. In payment for
the purchase Brown gave his notes, se
cured by mortpiEres on the land. He
then began his scheme of colonization.
He assumed the superintendency of the
colony, while his associate, W. F.
Baird, took practical control of the
bank that was established at the town
of Madera.
Affairs continued with varying suc
cess for the colonizers for almost two
years, when Brown and Baird discov
ered they needed money. Brown had
posed as a model young man and had
ingratiated himself in the good graces
of Dr. McDonald by posing as an en
thusiastic advocate of temperance.
With this recommendation he went to
Dr. McDonald in May, 1891, and asked
assistance for a scheme of colonization.
Dr. McDonald at once permitted an
overdraft and the trouble began. There
seemed no end to the financial necessi
ties of the Bank of Madera and the
John Brown colony. Draft after draft
on the Pacific Bank was honored, and
the sum owed by the Bank of Ma
dera rapidly increaeed until it was be
tween thirty and forty thousand dol
lars. Nothing could be done to reduce
this enormous sum and the. McDonalds
determined upon an investigation. They
gent D. S. Dora, Dr. W. Jenningson and
D. M. Tomblin to Madera to make an
inquiry. At a subsequent day A. F.
Johns and Frank V. McDonald went
down and an imperative demand was
made upon Brown and Baird to give up
the bank and the colony to the Pacific
Bank.
This was done without hesitancy, and
the McDonalds took charge of the dan
gerous speculation. A. F. Johns was
made president and manager of the
John Brown colony and D. M. Tomblin
was made cashier of the Madera Bank.
As affairs progressed Tomblin became >
vice president of the Madera Bank and |
then president. In this capacity he had
the affairs of the bank absolutely under ;
his control. In addition to- his duties |
as cashier he acted as a spy for Dick
and reported regularly the actions of
A. F. Johns and his son and everybody
else remotely or intimately connected j
with the affairs of the bank. In his I
letters Tomblin permits not a single
detail to escape his notice. When he
found that W. iS. Johns, the son of A. F. j
Johns, had been made superintendent of
the John Brown colony he kept a close j
watch on the young man's actions and
with Boswellian accuracy reported them
to his master, Dick McDonald. When
W. E. Johns, who is better known to
the public as "Billy Elmer," exercised
and displayed his 10-ve for horses and
dogs Mr. Tomblin reported to R. H. {
McDonald Jr. that W. E. Johns wa-8 j
paying a hundred dollars a month to ,
take care of his bull pup and his horses. '
When young Johns and young
"Dutchy" indulged in an innocent Sun
day afternoon pastime of punching
each others' heads for the edification
of admirers D. M. Tomblin unsymDa
thetically reported the incident to the
young San Francisco banker. When
"Spider" Kelly and young Johns in
dulged their ideal of the beautiful by
attending a cockfight Mr. Tomblin was
not slow in sending the information
to his employer. When Johns and the
"Spider" cleaned out a certain habita
tion and ruled a noisy establishment
with more noise D. M. Tomblin meta
phorically chrew up both hands and
declared that the precious three were
on the road to ruin. It is from this
point of view the letters of D. M.
Tomblin are valuable. The man kept
a close watch upon those he believed
were his rivals for Dick's favor. The
financial transactions of young Johns
were carefully noted and Tomblin
made accusations serious enough to
have the elder Johns threaten to kill
him.
When Mr. Tomblin himself was
caught in the act of attending a cock
fight and of betting on a prizefight he
admitted with true Christian humility
that the fact was true, but said that as
cashier of a big institution and dealing
with men who constantly wanted mon
ey he believed it his duty to study the
characters of these men and learn their
habits. To gain the information he
desired he found it necessary to go
among these men.
That was the reason, he told Dick,
why he went and remained a spectator
of the brutal contests. Mr. Tomblin
was probably too busy, however, to
discuss with any degree of minuteness
the financial operations of the Madera
Bank. He may find more leisure some
time perhaps to explain some rather
curious entries in the books of the
bank. Of the material interests of the
McDonalds in Madera and at the
colony D. M. Tomblin wrote nothing
that was material except in reference
to the manipulation of the Johns fam
ily.
A DISCREPANCY OF THIRTY THOUSAND
DOLLARS IN THE MADERA BANK.
When Tomblin took charge of the
Madera Bank, in October, 18U1, he
wrote, "This bank is rotten to the
core" and there is a discrepancy of at
least $30,000. For months he pursued
his investigation and after the com
plete reorganization of the bank went
north to investigate another wildcat
scheme of Dick McDonald, the Cedar
River coal mine. The McDonalds had
been inveigled into this Seattle venture
and had sunk thousands and thousands
of dollars into it. Tomblin went to
Seattle and to the mine and reported
simply on the situation. The sugges
tions that he offered were not feasible
and after several months in the north
Tomblin returned to resume charge of
the Madera Bank. He arrived at Ma
dera in September, 1592, and reported
to Dick that it would be extremely un
wise to give up the Madera Bank or
to sell it to certain persons who seemed
eager to buy it.
Tomblin had under consideration a
project which was subsequently Teal
lzed to erect a new bank building and
increase the operations of the institu
tion. This, as a matter of course,
meant the expenditure of increased
sums of money by the McDonalds, but
Tomblin had his way and the Pacific
Bank was plunged deeper and deeper
into the scheme. At the same time
Tomblin suggested that the McDonalds
take an active interest in the agitation
for the division of Fresno County and
the creation of Madera County. This
scheme was also indorsed by Dick and
several more thousands of dollars were
lost to the depositors of the Pacific
Bank and through it to the depositors
of the People's Bank. On September
19 Tomblin wrote:
"The people here are very active in
pushing matters for a new county, and
if successful Madera will be the county
seat, which will put many thousands
of dollars in our pockets. I think their
claims are good, and with proper work
they can accomplish the result."
"SHERMAN DID WRONG TO WORK THE
PACIFIC BANK INTO THE SCHEME."
After writing this letter Tomblin left
Madera to go to Biverside and investi
gate the affairs of the Riverside Bank.
O. T. Dyer, the manager of that bank,
was then in New York attempting to
negotiate the securities of his institu
tion. His sister, Miss E. C. Dyer, the
cashier of the institution, was at Riv
erside and Tomblin proceeded to bad
ger her to a point almost beyond en
durance. The lady, however, gave him
no satisfaction, and Tomblin simply
contributed as an officious and annoy
ing agent of the Pacific Bank to create
a run on the Riverside institution. Be
yond this h.3 influence had no material
effect, and his letters 'in connection
with the incident possess no particular
interest.
While Tomblin was carrying out his
mission to annoy Miss Dyer and to
force her to a realization of the serious
condition of her affairs Tomblin penned
an exceptionally important letter that
demonstrates two points in the great
conspiracy. In the first place the fact
is proved that R. H. McDonald Jr. was
warned not to permit M. H. Sherman
to trap him into the Los Angeles elec
tric road scheme. Dick was deaf to the
warning, however, and Sherman's trap
W»a sprung. The other point that
Tomblin's letter establishes is the fact
that the schemers surrounding the Mc-
Donalds stood for themselves and al
ways against him after a scheme had
been launched. In his letter Tomblin
congratulates Dick upon the superb
property he has obtained in the Los
Angeles electric road. At that very
Ume Sherman was writing to Dick that
THE SAN FRANCUCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 189 S.
SHERMAN WAS WRONG TO TRAP THE PACIFIC BANK.
In one of his letters to R. H. McDonald Jr., D. M. Tomblin submitted a report on the Los Angeles Electric Road. He
declared his belief that the road would ultimately justify the McDonalds In their enormous expenditure of money,
but at the same time he declared that Moses 11. Sherman had committed a wrong in working the Pacinc Bank
and its managers into the scheme. Tomblin reminded his employer that he had already warned him of the dangerous
character of the speculation, but since he had gone into it his financial existence was dependent upon his ability to
get out of it without being scorched. Part of Tomblin's letter on this subject is given in facsimile above.
the road was not prosperous and would
not be for a long time. Excerpts from
Tomblin's letter are as follows:
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 27, 1892.
R. H. McDonald, V. P., San Fran
cisco.—My Dear Sir: I called upon
Mr. Sherman this morning at the
power house of the electric company.
Everything seems to be running su
perbly. He is a very brilliant man
and has certainly accomplished won
ders. I have been over a part of the
system and must say that I think it
is a grand piece of work, and I be
lieve will bring you out handsomely
at some time not very far hence.
You know I told you before you
went into this scheme that I was
afraid it was a very bad thing for
the bank to go into, and I still think
so, but nevertheless you are in now
and I am a-going to say that you are
a-going to come out all right on it. Los
Angeles has Improved marvelously and
this property you are interested in will
increase rapidly in value and you will
make money out oi it. I think Mr.
Sherman did wrong to work the Pacific
Bank into the scheme, but I know of
no one in the world who can come
nearer in working them out than he.
And I believe his entire energies are
at work in that direction. He is a
man of most wonderful resources, and
I think this will be one of the deals
that will go to the credit side of your
balance. I am, yours very truly.
D. M. TOMBLIN.
TOMBLIN URGED DICK TO FORCE THE
DYERS TO THE WALL.
On September 28, 1892, Tomblin took
the opportunity to characterize O. T.
Dyer and his sister. Miss E. C. Dyer,
with rather broad touches. He wrote
as follows:
"I do not think they are viciously dis
honest but have been driven into their
holes and are adopting tactics to stand
us off, and now that they know we are
after them at every turn they are going
to come out and do something. They
have been allowed to get into us, and
now they must be pounded over their
backs until they are out of the quick
sands and our load of coin delivered
over to us. We must not ease down on
them one bit. They are a great big
pair and won't pull a pound unless we
keep thumping them."
A few days later Tomblin character
ized them even in harder language and
wrote: "They cannot be handled with
kid gloves any longer. If we could only
get them on sale ground once, then we
could get in and press them for full
payment. I want to keep them moving
right along all the time. They are like
a pair of fat porkers. If you give them
a chance to lie down they will make
themselves altogether too comfortable,
and when they are hot we will turn
the hose on them and when cold and in
different will make a literal shield for
them."
[HE RIVERSIDE BANK WAS HOPELESSLY
INSOLVENT.
Two days later Tomblin wrote, still
discussing the Dyers: "I returned from
Riverside last night and found your
letter, and will say it is not a case of
love, but nevertheless Miss D. is a good
one,' and there is one person she is
afraid of and you are the individual.
This whole matter, I believe they can
be got through this month, and when
in our hands I think you should with
draw all support from them and let them
go. It is my opinion they are hope
lessly insolvent. Many of the notes are
worthless. The D. S. Dorn overdraft
of $35,000 represents right of way £or
a railroad that is now in the hands of
a receiver, which as an asset cannot
be counted for over $3500 and probably
not that. I am putting it mildly when
I say that their entire capital stock is
absorbed. I believe these are facts that
we will be compelled to face unless we
can set securities enough to slide out.
Their tendency is still to accommodate
their customers at all hazards, regard
less of your wishes."
On October 13 Tomblin was back
again in Madera and had the follow
ing to say about "Jayhawker," that ir
repressible individual who positively
declined to leave the schemers of the
P'aeittc Bank alone:
"I will run 'Jayhawker' in when I ar
rive at Los Angeles, if possible. He
was formerly a reporter on a Cincinnati
and Minneapolis paper and was run out
of that country on account of a similar
transaction. I have sent a tracer and
hope to be able to face him with mat
ters that will forever close his mouth.
The old saying to fight the devil with
fire will probably apply in his case.
How I do want to see you succeed in
all your undertakings. My whole heart
and soul is with you."
WAR AMONG THE CONSPIRATORS AT
THE JOHN BROWN COLONY.
In a letter dated October 15, 1892,
Tc-mblin indicates the first quarrel
among Dick McDonald's lieutenants at
the John Brown colony. The fact is
interesting, as the quarrel developed
Into a very serious affair before the end
had come and the Pacific Bank had
sunk over a quarter of a million dollars
In its Madera enterprises. When the
letter was written W. E. Johns had dis
charged George M. Mitchell and Tomb
lin tc-ok up the cudgel in Mitchell's be
half in the following letter:
MADERA, Oct. la, 1895.
R. H. McDoiiHld Jr., V. P.. San
Francisco.— My Dear Sir: I received
your telegram saying tottave Johns
discharge Mitchell. Now Tdo not an
ticipate then- will be any trouble in
getting rid of him. In fact I am in
clined to think he will be rather glad
to lay down his scepter as he is a
very quiet, good-natured fellow, un
obtrusive, yet faithful, and I am in
clined to believe that no one who is
familiar with the work he has done
can Justly charge him with unfaithful
ness and inability.
The young man, Johns, is a very
bright young fellow, but a boy still.
He, boy-like, loves honor and distinc
tion, which is all right, and so he has
represented himself to be vice-presi
dent of the J. B. colony. Now as I
do not care for that honor, although
elected to fill that honorable position,
I am quite willing to let my mantle
fall on some one of age and experi
ence, and I do think one Johns, like
unto the first, is enough. 1 am, yours
truly, D. M. TOMBLIN.
YOUNG JOHNS EMPLOYS A SONG AND
DANCE MAN AS SUPERINTENDENT.
Two days later Tomblin wrote: "Young
Johns came here last night prepared
to bounce Mitchell. 1 have told him
that I have thought it best to tell
Mitchell to have everything ready to
turn matters over November 1." On
the same day Tomblin declared: "Johns
told me he had employed a man by the
name of Fowler to take the place of
Mitchell at once. Now I do not know
anything in the world regarding the
capabilities of this party. He is a young
man working in a dry goods store here,
but I understand that he was formerly
engaged as a song-and-dance man and
is a horse jockey of some reputation,
and from all I hear it will be a terrible
mistake to intrust him with so impor
tant and responsible a pc-sltion. I am
afraid the young man Johns was not
deliberate sufficiently, although a pre
cocious lad. He is altogether too young
to direct in matters of such magnitude
and it will be very expensive to the cor
poration should he do so."
Writing from Los Angeles on Octo
ber 28, 1892, Tomblin declares in refer
ence to the motor road in Los Angeles:
"It looks to me as if the Southern Pa
cific Railroad Company has got an eye
on the property. Their man Fillmore
came to Riverside in his special car
over the motor road yesterday cm some
thing besides a pleasure trip."
TOMBLIN WANTED TO GO TO SACRA-
MENTO AS A LOBBYIST.
On December 1, 1892, Tomblin wrote a
letter that has an important bearing
on the events that accompanied the di
vision of Fresno County and the crea
tion of Madera County. When this di
vision waa first agitated Pick McDon
aid became very much interested. He
declared his willingness to- assist in
every way possible and made D. M.
Tomblin his agent in the matter. In
reference to the affair Tomblin wrote
as follows :
"There was a committee^ of Madera
; citizens waited upon me to see what we
j would be willing to give toward getting
! the county seat at this place. I told
i them that I thought we could do that
i proposition more good by acting as an
I independent committee, and if neces
j sary I would go to Sacramento when
I the Legislature convened and help
lobby the matter through. Further than
this I could not commit myself. I told
them I could satisfy them that the Pa
cific Bank would be toward the head
of the procession when it came to work
i for the county seat."
I BILLY ELMER " AND " SPIDER
KELLY RAN AMUCK IN FRESNO.
It was not long after this that D. M.
Tomblin elevated himself to a tower
; ing pedestal of morality and in right
i eous indignation reviewed what he con
sidered the scandalous escapades of W.
E. Johns and "Spider" Kelly. Mr.
Tomblin felt pained that he was called
upon to expose the actions of these men,
but in justice to his conscience and
in consideration of the interests of his
| employer, Dick McDonald, he con
! quered the pain and spoke out. Johns
j had become utterly unreliable, and the
j "Spider" was leading him as merry a
i dance as the tenderloin of Fresno af
forded after the lights go out at mid
night. As one reads Mr. Tomblin's let
ter it can be seen that he is sorely dis
tressed over the task of roasting Johns
and the others. It should be remem
bered in this connection that D. M.
Tomblin is not very unlike what they
call a hypocrite. His letter is as fol
lows:
MADERA, Cal., Dec. 5, 1892.
R. H. McDonald Jr., V. P., San Fran
cisco—My Dear Sir: I do not always
like to be quoted as a person that has
nothing but evil things to say of other
people, but as you have told me that
whenever things occur that cast reflec
tions on the fair name of the Pacific
Bank that it was my duty to tell them
and in this case I believe It is. While
In Fresno yesterday I heard that W.
10. Johns and "Spider" Kelly, a noted
pugilist, and our superintendent were
out on a lark and visiting houses of
bad repute, and while tit one of these
places got into a quarrel with another
crowd of fellows, which resulted in a
free-for-all fight. "Spider" Kelly and
Johns cleaned out the gang.
Young Johns is wholly and totally
unreliable and the sooner he is re
called the less trouble there will be to
overcome. He is not to be found when
wanted and he leaves no word with us
when he will be found. He has re
ceived telegrams to which he has not
replied and has gone off again with
"Spider" Kelly. I think to the city. I
wish you would send Dr. Jenningson
down here at once, as I don't know as
I have any authority in the matter, as
the young man has always called him
self vice president of the colony since
coming here, and I have supposed it
was by your authority. I don't think
It will be good policy to have the
young man under control here. There
is no reliance to be placed upon him.
This I am compelled to say after care
ful observation. T am. yours very
truly. D. M. TOMBLIN.
The Call will continue to-morrow
morning the publication of Mr. Tomb
lln's letters, carrying the correspond
ence of this man up to the time when
he became president of the Madera
Bank and attempted to evade the con
sequences of the crash in which the
Pacific Bank went down. In his letters
Tomblin reveals all the inside manipu
lations that involved the Pacific Bank
and its feeder, the People's Home Sav
ings Bank, in a loss of $300,000 in the
John Brown colony.
Chessmasters Sign .Articles.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— Showalter and
Janowski signed articles to-day for their
match for seven games up at the Manhat
tan Club. Play will begin to-morrow at
1:30 p. in.
AGUINALDO AGAIN
PROCLAIMS HIS
INDEPENDENCE
Trying to Feel Surer of a Phil
ippiQe Republic by Claiming
Its ExisteQce.
Holds an Interesting Celebration in the
Nature of a " National Fiesta ' at
Malolos.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, Oct. I.— Senor Don Emilio
Aguinaldo, President and Dictator of
the Republic of. the Philippines, has
once more proclaimed the independence
of his country. It strikes me, as an ob
server, that the Senor Don, for a man
who is altogether sure he has won the
liberty of the Filipinos, does proclaim
too much. Perhaps he feels surer, as a
man who lies from the lust of lying
comes presently to believe in himself—
perhaps, I say, Aguinaldo feels surer of
his republic the more often he asserts
its existence.
He did the trick of proclaiming, this
time, at his new capital, Malolos, on
last Friday. Rather an unlucky day,
Friday, for ships and republics to be
gin, but possibly Aguinaldo argued that
he has made so many false starts one
more or less could not make a great
deal of difference. At all events, he
started on Friday with a great flourish
of trumpets, sending invitations to his
celebration to the newspaper corre
spondents and to all the officers in the
army below the grade of general, along
with a programme in the way of a cir
cular calculated to commit to his inter
est all those Americans who should be
present at the function. This circular
kept most of the American officers
away from Malolos. It did not keep the
correspondents away. They could com
mit the nations to nothing— and, if they
could, would not hesitate when it came
to a matter of procuring news. The in
vitations to the celebration I send here
with. The circular which accompanied
it, translated, reads as follows:
PROGRAMME.
—Of—
National Fiesta for the 29th of Septem
ber, 1898.
In the Morning.
First— Reunited at 9:30 a. m. the Con
gress in the house of the Honorable
President, with the authorities and
popular commissions, are invited to the
scene. The procession is to pass in re
view in the direction of the Congres
sional building, where they are received
by the courts and correspondents of his
high representation.
Second — Once inside the building
when every one has his respective seat,
the President of the Government will
give a lecture on the act, and the Presi
dent of Congress will give another on
the proclamation of independence.
Third— The following act the Presi
dent proclaims the Philippines free and
independent. After the applause ceases
and the bells stop ringing the band will
play the national air.
Fourth— The removal of the proces
sion to the house of the Government
will be in exactly the same form. The
driveway by which the procession will
proceed will be lined up with troops,
Brigadier General Gregorio H. del Pilar
commanding.
Fifth — The towns of Malolos and Bar
asvain will be admitted in the fiesta
this day. The houses must be decorated
and streets made tidy, as it becomes a
national holiday.
Sixth— After the court returns to the
Congressional building there will be a
parade by the troops in front or the
principal balcony, where the President
of the Government and the President of
the Congress will be sitting alone. The
guard of Arabarderos will do the hon
ors to the Honorable President during
the parade.
Seventh— After tho Inspection the
President will receive in his parlors the
consuls and commissions that wish to
celebrate and concur in the act.
Eighth— A banquet will be given the
troops and bands that celebrate the act.
At Night.
At 9 o'clock in the evening theatrical
performances of the popular class.
The celebration itself did not amount
to a great deal. The village was crowd
ed with natives, and a number of
curious Americans were there who
went to see — and remained to be seen.
The whole thing was rather an absurd
imitation of European public functions,
born of a desire on the part of Aguln
aldo to make it appear to the world
that his people are perfectly up in the
manners of civilized nations and of a
mistaken notion that these manners
consist largely of dress coats and silk
hats of ancient vintage. Neither 'the
silk hat nor the dress coat, with all
true respect to the Dictator-President,
is the true badge of civilization— and
when one appears in a silk hat and
dress coat and goes barefooted, as one
of Aguinaldo's high officials did, the
effect, to put it mildly, is odd.
Senor Don Aguinaldo had his proces
sion, as he said he would. About 3000
natives variously armed and more vari
ously attired, passed in review, the
declaration of independence was for
mally read and the wheels of the Fili
pino Republic were started in due form.
It will run along, possibly, until the
meeting of the Paris Commission is
over, because nobody will pay a (Brreat
deal of attention to it. Then. If the
United States proposes to keep the isl
ands, Mr. Aguinaldo will be softly but
swiftly removed, the original mistake
of Admiral Dewey set right and the
whole structure will come tumbling
down like a house of cards.
I observe, on looking over this letter,
that I have used a phrase calculated to
puzzle the average American at this
particular time. The words, "the orig
inal mistake of Dewey," will naturally
pass the understanding of men. Dewey
Is a popular idol, naturally, and the
populace will never admit that its idol
can err. Nevertheless, Dewey di 1 make
an original mistake— led Into it. there
is not the least manner of doubt, by the
American Consul General at Hongkong,
Mr. Wildman. Mr. Wildmatji, as San
Francisco people know, is a genius in
his way. He is the man who took the
Overland Monthly and succeeded in
making it worse than it was before— a
thing seemingly impossible, but true.
Mr. Wildman, I have every reason to
believe, is the man who persuaded the
Admiral to bring Aguinaldo down here
and give' him arms wherewith to annoy
the Spaniards pending the arrival of the
American expeditionary force. Now,
if Aguinaldo had never been brought
down here and given arms, there would
have been no proclamation of a Phil
ippine barefooted republic, no compli
cations with the Germans, no attempt
to force upon General Merritt an al
liance with an army of rag-tag and
bob-tailed murderers, whose sole Idea
of war was massacre, whose sole notion
of victory was loot, and who could not
be depended upon to stand fire, no awk
ward situation growing out of the per
fectly legitimate desire of the American
military governor to protect his Span
ish prisoners from murder, and Manila
would have fallen in any event when
ever the admiral saw fit to demand its
surrender. The city was wholly at his
mercy from the hour of his great vic
tory at Cavite. In fact, the Spaniards
to this day do not understand why he
did not go ahead and take the city at
that time. Also, if there had been no
Aguinaldo on the ground, the Spaniards
would have withdrawn just the same
from San Rogue, Cavite, Viejo, Bacoor,
Los Pinos, Paianoque and Tombo before
the advance of the Americans. The
withdrawal of the Spaniards into Ma
nila was in the nature of a concentra
tion, not at all due to the operations of
the insurrectors. That Spanish prison
ers were taken at the various places
was due to the fact that the Spaniards
were badly led, that the Spanish cam
paign directed from Manila was lacking
in intelligent direction and that the
Spanish soldiers, poorly fed, not paid
at all, disheartened by Montijo's de
feat, and in fear of the long knives of
the natives, preferred the chance of
prison to the chance of death after
their officers had deserted them.
The original mistake of Dewey, you
will see, was the mistake he made in,
bringing Aguinaldo down here at all.
That mistake having been made, the
surest way to correct it is to take
Aguinaldo away again — a thing more
easy of accomplishment, I fancy, than
appears on its face. ' An American reg
iment could go to Malolos and get him,
despite his cabinet and his ragamuffin
army — or, if the powers at Washington
disapprove extreme measures, he could
be bought off for a consideration rea
sonably small compared to the value of
the islands. The Spaniards tried that
plan with a measure of success. It is
true he did not stay bought, and per
haps would attempt to break faith with
the Americans— but a residence at Hon
olulu, say, or the Dry Tortugas, would
have a strong tendency to discourage
any filibustering enterprise in which
he might wish to engage. As Dewey
made the original mistake there is not
the least doubt he would most cheer
fully agree to rectify it — and Dewey
could do, out here, whatever he saw
fit to do. With friend and foe alike, his
name is a name to conjure with.
I made a few remarks, in a recent let
ter to you, about General Greene. There
Is yet one more circumstance which
should be placed to this gentleman's
credit when the people of California
come to reckon with him for what he
has done to the boys from California.
When the boys were at Camp Dewey
Greene Issued an official order that sick
call should be held at 4:30 a. m., with
the result that men stricken with fever
or dysentery, if they wanted medical
attention, were forced to tumble out of
bed by candle light or were pulled out
by their comrades, with what result
even a layman can readily conjecture.
Very often, too, they were called out in
the Vain, sick or half sick, and stood in
line before the hospital tent, up to their
knees in mud and water, waiting their
turn to speak to the surgeon. That the
California regiment kept as healthy
as it did was due not at all to the care
given his command by the brigade
commander. The surgeons who exam
ined the men upon enlistment and
passed only the best are entitled to all
the credit. Of course the surgeons of
the California regiment protested at
this almost criminal order, but be a
regimental surgeon never so faithful
and efficient, his flat goes for little at
brigade headquarters. Dr. Farrell, for
instance, protested most strongly at
Camp Dewey against keeping men in
the waters of the bay all day, and Col
onel Smith forwarded the protest to
Greene. When the men of one boat's
crew were stricken with illness the
general, ignoring surgeon and colonel
alike, calmly sent for another detail for
boat duty. The California lads whose
health had failed in Manila can justly
lay to General Greene the fault that
their originally strong constitutions
have been undermined.
Speaking of men passed by the exam
ining surgeons, it is a pity those doctors
who examined the recruits for the
First California were not so particular
as the original examiners. When a re
cruit sent into the trying climate of
Manila has hemorrhage of the lungs on
his second day ashore there would ap
pear to be very grave fault somewhere.
"Sam" is dead. Every National
Guard officer in the State, every en
listed man. will remember "Sam," Col
onel Duboce's faithful man servant.
His proper name was William Guess,
and he was probably between 25 and
27 years old. A more willing, pleasant,
civil spoken colored lad never lived. He
was everybody's friend, even his own,
and nobody's enemy. He was a part
of the first expedition, a part of the
First California Regiment. He was
brave, too. as few men were brave. On
that awful night of the 31st of July
"Sam" followed Colonel Smith and Col
onel Duboce right into the trenches,
taking his baptism of bullets on the
firing line with the rest. When daylight
came it was "Sam " who hurried baclc
to camp to bring out the colonel's cof
fee before the relieving troops came.
Neither man nor officer ever asked a
favor of Sam and met refi 3al. He came
into Manila with the regiment, and he
died to-night, simply and suddenly in
the palace of Malacanan. The boy
slept on a cot in the balcony of the
room occupied by Colonel Smith and
Colonel Duboce. He had complained
during the afternoon of a severe pain
in his left breast, but h<? smiled with it
all and nobody could take "Sam's"
pains seriously. He did not take them
seriously himself. At a little after 11
o'clock Colonel Duboce heard the boy
groaning and heard him get up. The
groans grew more terrifying, and the
master hurried to the man's assistance.
It was then too late for human aid.
"Ram" died in the arms of Colonel Du
boce. and as I write two soldiers with
sad faces keep watch beside the body.
The J. D. ifeters Beaches Stockton.
STOCKTON, Nov. 17.— The California
Navigation and Improvement Company's
steamer J. D. Peters, which was sunk in
San Francisco Bay by colliding with the
steam collier Czarina of the SDreckels
Company on the evening of Wednesday .
November 2. was brought to the shipyards
In this city this morning, reaching Its des
tination at 8:30 o'clock.
34
LAUNCH OF THE
TUG PAWTUCKET
Brilliant Event at Mare
Island.
SUCCESSFUL IN EVERY WAY
MILITARY AIR LENT TO THE
PROCEEDINGS.
Little Heather Baxter Does the
Christening — Gunboat York
town Is Placed in
Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Nov. 17.— The tug Paw
tucket, intended for use at Port Or
chard naval i itlon, was '• unched at
Mare Island this afternoon in the pres
ence of many people, including all the
workmen of the yard and hundreds of
visitors from Vallejo. A military air
■was lent to the proceedings by the
presence of a battalion of marines and
sailors from the barracks and war yes-
Beis under the c mmand of Lieutenant
Commander C. A. Adams.
The hour set for the launching was
8 o'clock, and at that time Commodore
J. C. Watson, commandant of the yard;
Commodore Albert Kautz, commanding
the Pacific squadron, and a number of
other naval officers and the ladies of
their fo lilies stood on a platform sur
rounding little Heather Baxter, the s
year-old daughter of Naval Construc
tor Baxter, who had been selected to
christen the tug.
The tug had been wedged up early in
the afternoon and was only held by a
few shores on the sides and the dog
Bhores on the cradle supporting the
vessel. Everything except the latter
■was cleared away and at 3 o'clock Con
structor Baxt - cut a wire supporting
a heavy weigl.t which knocked the dog
shores away and the tug began to glide
toward the water. At that moment
the dainty sponsor cried in a clear
voice, "I name thee Pawtucket," and
swung the btttle of wine against the
steel prow with a crash that shattered
it.
The tug gathered momentum as she
sped down the ways and dipping easily
as she entered the water floated grace
fully into the stream. She was greeted
with a deafening salute of steam
whistles and cheers which drowned the
sound of the two naval bands playing
"The Star-Spangled Banner," which
met the raising of the tug's flags as
she struck the water. The launch was
a complete success in every way and
Constructor Baxter, who superintend
ed it, was the recipient of warm con
gratulations.
The gunboat Yorktown was after
ward placed In commission under com
mand of Lieutenant Chauncey Thomas,
in the absence of Commander C. S.
Sperry. The ceremony was quite elab
orate. The following officers reported
for duty on the vessel: Lieutenants
Thomas. Minnett and Clarke, Ensigns
Standley. Knox and Wurtzbaugh, As
sistant Paymaster Perkins, Chief En
gineer Cleaver and Assistant Engineer
Snow. The other officers will report for
duty in a day or two.
W. E. ARTHUR STRICKEN
WITH PARALYSIS
Pasadena's City Attorney Uncon
scious and Not Expected to
Live
PASADENA. Nov. 17. -City Attorney W
E. Arthur was last night stricken with
praalysis and now lies unconscious at his
house on South Orange Grove avenue.
Mr. Arthur came from Los Angeles yester
day evening, and after eating his dinner as
usual went to bed aoout 8 o'clock, appa
rently in the best of health and spirits.
His condition was not discovered until
this morning, and it is surmised that the
etroke came on about 3 or 4 o'clock this
morning.
Mr Arthur's whole right side is para
lyzed and he is unable to speak His con
dition is most serious, and Dr. McAllister
the attending physician, will not hazard
an opinion as to the outcome.
Besides having been City Attorney of
Pasadena for eight years, Mr. Arthur is
a well known politician. He was chair
man of the Republican State convention
at Sacramento in 1R96. He was the mana
ger in this campaign for Congressman
elect R. J. Waters, and is known as a
shrewd politician and able municipal
lawyer.
To-night Mr. Arthur had recovered suf
ficiently to swallow a little liquid food
SANTA FE MEN AT SAN DIEGO.
On Business Connected With the
Japanese Steamship Line.
SAN DIEGO, Nov. 17.— A party of
Santa Fe officials arrived on the noon
train to-day. Including A. G. Wells, gen
eral superintendent; W. B. Beamer,
superintendent, and Fred Perris. chief
engineer. Their visit Is in connection with
the Japanese steamship line. Trackage
for 500 additional cars will be necessary
and a warehouse 350 by 46 feet will be
erected on the Santa Fe wharf. The
party will return to Los Aneeles to
morrow and settle the details of the new
Improvements.
Progress of Arizona's New Capitol.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 17.-The Terri
torial Capitol Site Commission to-day
adopted plans for a new Capitol building
to cost $100,000. Bids for construction wifi
be advertised for at once.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all eorta of people use it.
THE UNITED STATES TUG PAWTUCKET.
CLEVER CROOKS
GET AWAY WITH
VALUABLE SILKS
Rob a Wholesale Dry-
Goods House.
THE PLUNDER RECOVERED
ONE OF THE THIEVES IN THE
TANKS AT THE CITY HALL.
Worked With the Aid of a Flashily
Dressed Woman, for Whom
the Police Are Now
Looking.
i
The police have In custory a man who
they say is one of the cleverest shop
lifters that ever operated in this city.
Accompanied by another individual and
by a flashily dressed young woman the
trio, it is claimed, have systematically
robbed a number of wholesale houses,
their booty amounting to several thou
sand dollars. Their latest victims are
Murphy, Grant & Co.. wholesale dry
goods dealers at Bush and Sansome
streets.
A few days ago the clever trio entered
the store and after representing that they
were engaged in business in the interior,
announced that they were anxious to pur
chase a complete stock of silk goods. Onfe
of the clerks took them downstairs to the
silk department and showed them the
display. The woman temporarily left her
male companions and pretended to be ex
amining anoLher line of goods. A short
time afterward the trio left the store, af
ter apologizing to the clerk for causing
htm so much trouble, but promising to
return the following day and purchase
what they needed. A few minutes after
they had left one of the employes of the
firm discovered a number of pairs of
gloves which had been tossed behind a
barrel and suspecting something wrong
he informed one of the proprietors An
investigation was at once begun with the
result that it was found that the trio had
stolen about $3(W worth of silk floods. The
supposition is that the woman secreted
the stuff in her clothing unknown to the
employes. After having taken the gloves
it is believed she concluded that they
were not worth getting away with and
threw them aside. . .
The police were immediately notified ol
the robbery and Detective Tom Ryan was
detailed to make an Investigation, les
terday he arrested a dapper young man
named Collins and locked him up in the
tanks. He has been positively identified
as being one of the men who accompanied
the woman to the store. After being put
through the "sweating" process the pris
oner made a complete confession. He gave
the names of the woman und the other ac
complice and told where they had sold the
stolen property. Subsequently Ryan re
covered a portion of the stuff. He is- con
fident that he will be able to arrest the
woman to-day and probably the man. The
woman, it is said, is a well-known Eastern
operator, having served a term in the
penitentiary in New York for shoplifting.
CALIFORNIA!* HONORED.
Elected President of the Delta Kappa
Epsilon Fraternity.
DETROIT, Nov. 17.— About seventy-five
delegates are here participating in the
fifty-second annual convention of the
Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity. Each of
the thirty-four chapters belonging to the
order is represented. All the sessions are
secret. The election resulted as follows:
President. A. L. Chlckering, delegate from
the University of California; secretary,
Etherldge Walker, delegate from the
Boston Institute of Technology. The af
ternoon session adjourned in time to al
low the delegates to attend a reception
given In their honor by Mrs. D. M. Ferry.
This evening a ball was held at Harmonic
Hall.
LIQUOR DEALER FAILS.
G. W. Schmidt Files a Petition in
Voluntary Bankruptcy.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Nov. 17.-G. W.
Schmidt, wholesale liquor dealer, to-day
filed his petition in voluntary bankruptcy
In the United States District Court. This
in no way affects the Ilrm of G. W.
Schmidt & Co. The schedule, as filed,
shows liabilities, $818,728; assets, $496,417.
The liabilities consist of $578,622, due on
securities; $204,809, due unsecured credi
tors; $1:,538, due on notes. The assets
consist of $26,879, due. on accounts; $455,321
in securities; money, $$308; personal prop
erty, VMM.
DIES IN A HOSPITAL.
Passing of George L. Osborne, a
Noted Missouri Educator.
KANSAS CITY', Mo., Nov. 17.-Professor
George L. Osborne, president of the State
Normal School at Warrenfburg. Mo., for
twenty-four years past, and once first
vice president of the National Educational
Association, died here to-night in a hos
pital to which he had been taken to un
dergo a surgical operation. He was 68
years of age.
PROFESSOR VANINGEN DEAD.
Art Instructor at Vassar College
Since Its Opening.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. T.. Nov. 17.—
Professor Henry Vanlngen; the artist who
had been art Instructor at Vnssar College
since its opening in 1865, died suddenly of
angina pectoris at his home to-night, aged
65 years.- •, He was born in Holland, where
he - received his • education, and came to
this country about 186 L
0f
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
STANFORD'S BIG
FOOTBALL RALLY
Encouragement for the
Varsity Team.
GIVEN A ROUSING SEND-OFF
GOES TO CONGRESS SPRINGS
TO-DAY.
Speeches Made by Professors, Alumni
and Gridiron Heroes to a
Great Throng in the
Chapel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD. UNIVERSITY, Nov. 17.
—The enthusiasm of students, which
has been daily increasing in intensity
as the big game approaches, reached
its culmination to-night in the biggest
football rally in the history of Stan
ford. If the fc >ling that the college ia
behind it to a man will do as much as
is supposed Stanford Varsity will ac-
complish wonders during its stay at
Congress Springs, where it goes to
morrow morning for its polishing
touches and its trick plays.
Long before the time for the rally
the chapel was filled compactly, the
crowd overflowing to the pavement
and quadrangle beyond. A section of
rioters under trained leaders and cap
tains served as a nucleus of the en
thusiasm, which was not confined alone
to male students. Co-eds, too, were af
fected by its irresistible wave and gave
vent to their feelings by
waving handkerchiefs and Stanford
colors.
President Schwartz of the Associated
Students presided. Speeches w ;re made
by Professors Branner and Fetter,
Coach Cross, Captain Fisher, football
heroes and prominent students and
alumni. Most of the speakers believed
the game would hs the closest and
hardest-fought contest seen on a grid
iron in years and insisted on the neces
sity lor untiring effor* at the springs.
After the exercises long lines of stu
dents paraded inside the quad and
finally ended on the football field,
where a bonfire was lighted. Football
songs were sung to popular airs, played
by the college band.
The men that Captain Fisher will
take to the training quarters, as an
nounced by Coach Cross to-ni^ht, are:
Quarters Murphy, Beckley, Erb
backs, Plate, Ciinton, Hill, Dole Dag
gett, Geissler, Downing, Bid well, Park
in, Freeman; centers, Anderson, Big
io\v, Gllman James. Blanchard, Eaton
Bentley; tackles, Wilson, Rusk. Emer
son, Breckett. Webber, Faris; ends
McFadden, Nourse. Rice, Sell, Parker'
Smith.
At tho springs Coach Cross will de
vote his energies to developing line
men who are unseasoned and ignorant
of the finer points of the same. At
present Coach Cross believes Stanford's
center trio inferior to that of Berkeley
If the line can Xf developed Stanford's
chances will be vastly improved. The
practice work will be secret and held
in the morning and afternoon. The
alumni coaches who will assist Coach
CroBH are Clemans, the .star half of the
'92 team; Harrelson, Code and Down
ing-.
FIFTEEN NEW SHIPS"
FOR AMERICA'S NAVY
Recommendation Made by the Naval
Construction Board to Secre
tary Long.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.-A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Long has received from the Board of
Construction its recommendations respect
ing the increase of the navy which should
be authorized during the coming session
of Congress. The board urged that Con
gress be asked to make an appropriation
for the construction of threft battleship*
of 13,500 tons; three armored cruisers *I
12.000 tons; three second-clftss cruisers of
6000 tons and six third-class cruisers of
3000 tons.
Considerable misapprehension exists
with respect to the action of the Navy
Department in the matter of the construc
tion of monitors of 4000 tons Instead of
2700 tons. It has b<H>n intimated that the
board on construction, 1n order to pre
vent contracts being made for larger
ships, had Increased the thickness of the
protective deck to muke it impossible to
bui J vessels within the appropriation I
am Informed that the protective deck of
the proposed monitors will be only two
and a half inch, a half Inch less than
the deck of the monitor Monterey the
vessel after which the new ships have
been patterned.
MAY PROTECT RESERVES.
Government Has the Right to Prose
cute Stockmen.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— The right of
the Government to prosecute criminally
persons grazing sheep in all forest reser
vations, except in Oregon and Washing
ton, was sustained In a decision rendered
to-day by the Attorney-General. Secre
tary Bliss recently asked as to whether
such prosecutions would lie under one of
the series of regulations recently issued
for the preservation of the forests, and
i the decision holds that they wllL
YALE'S FOOTBALL
TEAM SELECTED
Men Who Will Struggle
With Harvard.
TOWNSEND FOR FULLBACK
REPLACES McBRIDE, WHO IS
INJURED.
Captain Chamberlain Will Attend
to All the Punting and Kick
ing During the
Game.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW HAVE-*, Conn., Nov. 17.— Late
to-night it was learned that the definite
picking of the Yale football eleven has
been made. There were only three po
sitions about which there was any
doubt at all, the two halfbacks and
that of fullback. For the latter place
Mcßride has been sent to New York
to be treated by a specialist, as his
ankle is getting worse. In his place
Townsend will doubtless ko in. Such
is the plan to-night. In punting and
all kicking Captain Chamberlain will,
however, act. For halfbacks Dudley
and Durston are picked out, Ely for
quarter-back, with Eddy and Hubbell
for ends, Chamberlain and Stillman for
tackles, Brown and Marshall for guards
and Cutten at center. Should Dudley
give out Corwin is the first substitute.
ITHACA, N. V., Nov. 17.— 1*ne com
petition for places on Cornell's varsity
team, which will line up against Penn
sylvania, will be very close and the
work of the candidates who are trying
for positions in and behind the line is
the best seen at Percy Field this year.
For fullback Starbuck, who was in the
Cornell-Princeton game, and Perkins,
the heavy fullback of last year's team,
are keeping up the struggle for the
place. To-day Perkins was favored by
the fact that hie opponent was not
able to work and he was kept in the
position during the hour's practice.
Will and Windsor are tryinc for right
halfback. Cross replaced Giimshaw at
right end to-day. Caldwell, it is be
lieved, will be put at center by the
end of the week and Wyvill is already
buoked to play at left tackle. It Is
doubtful if Alexander will be out in
time for the game. Quarter-back
Young's position was filled by ; ..ort of
the scrub eleven.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 17.— 1n the
absence of Coach Woodruff Captain
Outland took charge of the University
of Pennsylvania football team to-day.
All the men were out except Overfield
and McMahon. Overfield is still con
fined to his bed with an attack of the
grip and it is possible that he may not
be able to ' play again this season
Should this be the case McCloskey will
probably take his place in the Cornell
game on Thanksgiving day and Smith
may be given a chance at fullback.
McMahnn's ankle, which he wrenched
yesterday, is causing much pain, and if
he should be unable to take part in
the big game Hodge will probably play
left end. The men who are more or
less ailing are Ruegenberg, Garnett
Gardiner, Coombs, Hedges and Mc-
Cracken.
CHOYNSKI AND RUHLIN
PRACTICALLY MATCHED
NEW YORK. Nov. 17. -Joe Choynski
and Gus Ruhlin have been practically
matched to fight twenty rounds at the
Lenox Athletic Club about December 26
Ever since they fought in Philadelphia
three weeks ago, when Ruhlin had the
advantage, the men have been in great
demand all over the country for a return
match. Billy Madden has received an
offer of 60 per cent from the Toledo Club
but Ruhlln's manager says he would
rather have the match come off in New
York. Tom O'Rourke would like to have
the bout take place at hie club and he
will offer a purse for the contest.
MUDLARKS IN FRONT.
Eastern Races Decided Over Tracks
Made Heavy by Rain.
NASHVILL,K, Term., Nov. 17.— Track slow
at Cumberland to-day. Results:
First race, one mile— Farm Life won, Howit
zer second, Sir Blaise third. Time, 1:48%.
Second race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing— Tfipaz won, Red Admiral second. Royal
Banner third. JJflme, 1:11.
Third race, sK furlongs— Damocles won, Miss
Bramble second, Albert S third. Time, I:l7ft.
Fourth race, six furlong?, selling—Shield
bearer won, Mamie Callan second, Violet Par
dons third. Time, 1:19',i.
iFlfth race, one mile, celling — Trackman won,
Demosthenes second, Jim Flood third. Time,
1:47.
WASHINGTON, Nov. X.— The hard rain of
last night made the track sloppy at Bennlngrs.
Results:
First ra<"f>, six furlongs — Boney Boy won,
Tabouret second, Diminutive third. Time,
1:16 1-5.
ad race, five furlongs — Tyran won, Med
dlesome second, Rare Perfume third. Time,
J :0S :'-.">.
Third rare, mile and three-quarters, hurdle—
Floraline won, Arrezzo second, Hurry L'p third.
Time, 3:29.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Trlllo won,
loiterer second, Wordsworth third. Time, 1:30.
Fifth race, one mile — Ben Ronald won, Jeffer
son eeeond. Sensational third. Time, 1:44*4-
Wins in the Twentieth.
WHEELING, W. Va., Nov. 17.— Eddie
Gardner of this city, a brother of Oscar
Gardner, defeated Fred Fairman, a Pitts
burg aspirant for feather-weight honorß,
in the twentieth round to-night of what
was to have been practically a finish fight.
Fairman was ail but out when the referee
stopped the contest.
NEW TYPE OF GUN
FOR ENGLISH FORTS
Extensive Scheme for Improving the
Home Defenses of Great
Britain.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— The Marquis of
Lansdowne, Secretary of State for War,
speaking at Plymouth this morning on
general politics, referred to his gratifica-
tion over the Anjjlo-Amerlean friendship.
In the course of his speech he sketched
the proposed large scheme of improving
the. home defenses by providing a new
type of gun which would require a smaller
number. He said he felt sure that when
the Government had completed Its scheme
the country would be prepared for the
heavy sacrifices it would entail.
MADEBA'S CELEBRATED CASE
Merrill Convicted of Assault With
a Deadly Weapon.
MADERA, Cal., Nov. 17.— 1n the Su
perior Court this evening William Merrill
was convicted of an assault with a deadly
weapon, the jury being out an hour and
a half. Merrill was charged with assault
with intent to commit murder. On the
30th of last Jii!y Merrill and his brother
in-law, A. B. Evans, engaged in a quarrel
as the result of a family feud of some
three years' standing, Merrill firing sev
eral shots at Evans while the latter was
sitting in a wagon, none of them taking
effect.
Evans then proceeded to his home, a
half mile distant, procured a Winchester
rifle and returned to the Merrill residence
to fulfill a threat to take Merrill's life.
Merrill, who had concealed himself in his
barn, saw Evans approaching with the
gun in his hand, tired through a crack in
tlu side of the barn, the ball entering
Evans' abdomen just below the navel, re
sulting In his death two days later.
The case was one of the most sensa
tional that has occurred in this county
since its organization. Special counsel In
the person of District Attorney-elect R.
R. Fowler was employed to assist Dis
trict Attorney Larew, while J. M. Mc-
Swain of Mverced, for the defendant, was
assisted by K. L. Hargrove of this city.
The defendant was not tried for the kill
ing, but for the shooting at Evans while
the latter was unarmed. The jury re
duced the charge, which lightened the
penalty from fourteen to two years. The
case will be appealed.
TRINITY COUNTY LAND DEAL.
Important Purchase by a New York
Syndicate.
REDDING, Nov. 17.-A New York syn
dicate, represented by Sam H. Rice, a
civil and mining engineer of Ukiah, has
purchased 18,000 acres of land in Trinity
County from the Merritt estate of Oak
land. The first payment was made on
the 15th inst., the purchase price being
$250,000.
There is a grea f . deal more In this trans
fer than is apparent on the surface. The
late W. P. Merritt and a man named
Fenton original^ bought the land for
grazing' purposes, and when a survey of
the county line i;as being made, a de
posit of copper bearing ore 1200 feet long
by 70 feet wide was discovered on the
property. Tests of the ore have returned
values of from ;) to IS per cent copper, $5
to $10 gold and $3 to 510 silver. This was
the Inducement which impelled the New
York people to buy.
Development of the copper mine will be
begun at once by putting to work a large
force of men. The acreage lies in the
southwestern portion of Trinity County
In the Horseshoe Bend ofEel River,
twenty-five miles from the line of the
proposed Ukiah and Eureka railroad.
Fourteen hundred head of cat,tle were
included In the sale. The property is as
sessed in Trinity County for &0,000.
DESTROYED HERSELF
WITH CARBOLIC ACID
SUICIDE OF MRS. CELIA BODE
WHILE DESPONDENT.
Her First Husband Killed Himself
and Her Second Matrimonial Ven
ture Proved Most Unhappy.
Mrs. Cella Bode swallowed a dose of
carbolic add in the lodging house, 1146
Folsom street, yesterday morning, and
died shortly after in the Receiving Hos
pital. The body was removed to the
Morgues Mrs. Bode's first husband was
a mining man, who committed suicide in
Montana by shooting himself while de
spondent over his failures in mining deals.
She married Bode soon after, but the
couple did not get along well together,
and of late she had been living with her
sister on Zoe street.
About a week ago she left her sister's
house and went to live at the lodging
house on Folsom street where Mrs. O'Con
nor, an old friend, had a room. She
drank considerable liquor and seemed
tired of life. She told Mrs. O'Connor that
she would rather kill herself than go
tack to live at her sister's house, and
when she learned yesterday morning that
her sister had discovered her whereabouts
she went into Mrs. O'Connor's room and
swallowed the contents of a bottle of
carbolic acid that Mrs. O'Connor had for
medicinal purposes. Then she ran down
stairs to a saloon under the lodging house
and fell on the floor. The ambulance
was summon«d and she was taken to the
hospital.
There were marks on her face and
hands which Dr. Weil thought had been
c-aused by rough usage, but Mrs. O'Connor
declared she had sustained them in fall
ing after she had swallowed the poison.
Her appearance qhowed that she had
been on a debaucri. She was about 32
years of age.
J. Vietheer, a brother-in-law of Mrs.
Bode, visited the Morgue last evening
and identified the remains. He stated
that the husband of the woman is still
living, but his whereabouts is not known.
Her first husband committed suicide some
time ago, and shortly afterward the
woman married Mr. Bode. The couple
parted after being married a few
months. Mr. Bode went north on a
whaling cruise, and the last heard of him
be was in Europe.
DISGRACED HIS CLOTH.
Another Chapter in the Life of the
Rev. Donald M. Ross, Minister.
Donald M. Ross, the disgraced Presby
terian clergyman, has been heard of
again. Yesterday morning George W.
Willis. 2 Pearl street, obtained a search
warrant in Juflge Conlan's court ror the
recovery of two valuable books on mag
netism which Ross borrowed from him
about a year ago and did not return.
Willis learned that Ross was in Chicago
and wrote him about the books. He re
ceived^ reply that the books were in the
basement of the Lebanon Presbyterian
Church, Twenty-third and Sanchez
streets, where he had secreted them.
Ross acknowledged in his letter that he
was a defaulter to the extent of $600, and
was glad to get away from this city. He
\ aa a prominent member of the Ameri
can Protective Association and waa
mixed up in the scandal culminating in
the arrest of President Hudleston on the
complaint of Attorney Woodworth for
libel.
CRAZED BY ILL HEALTH.
Charles Ostiund Sends a Bullet
Through His Brain, in the Pres
ence of His Daughter.
Charles Ostiund committed suicide
shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday after
noon by shooting' himself through the
mouth with a pistol, in the kitchen of his
residence back of his saloon at 800 Third
street. His daughter had gone into the
yard for the purpose of performing some
household duty and when she returned to
the door of the kitchen she heard the
report of a pistol and saw her father ly
ing dead on the floor with the weapon
clutched in his hand. Ostiund had con
ducted the saloon for the past fifteen
years. He had been ill for a long time
and was despondent because of that fact.
He leaves a widow and seven children.
Professor Jordan's Lecture.
Professor David Starr Jordan delivered
the last of a series of three lectures be
fore the Unity Club last night. His sub
jtct was "The Struggle Against Drink."
He spoke of the extraordinary efforts
made to exterminate the pernicious drink
liti.it. "Individual effort," he said, "ac
complishes a great deal in that direction.
Temperance lectures -had only a tempo
rary effect, as they appeal to the feelings,
which are liable to reaction. An appeal
to the better side of an individual, his
manhood, was effectual. The Salvation
Army was doing a great deal in the strug
gle against drink by giving the drinking
man something to do, and so saving him
from remorse, which tended to drive him
back to his evil ways. High license and
the regulation of the sale of liquor alao
had their good points. The scientific tem
pjerance as advocated by the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union was not as
effective as it might be."
Jesters to Bevel To-Night.
The merry jesters of the Occidental
minstrel company will give a .show at
Native Sons' Hall to-night. The enter
tainment will be under the auspices of
Company A, League of the CroHs Cadets,
and is in aid of the armory and uniform
funds.
The minstrel company has been rehears
ing for several months. The vocal num
bers will be especially fine. Forty popu
lar amateurs arc in the cast, among them
bring several rag-tirrn maestros and tarn.
bourlne virtuosi. The League of the
Cross orchestra has been engaged.
Frank Pool, premier drum major, and
Mart Arnold Grazer, fancy dancer, are
among the specialties. Sweet ballad
singing and original "end" Jokes will be
the order of the evening.
Maguire League of Clubs.
The Maguire League of Clubs met last
[ night in the Parrott building, with Charles
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ; ; ! :
m *** * H
jm Hi: — 1 'II trade this nugget for that pouch of " Seal," Bill. ||
i|| cBUl:c BUl : — Not at all — there are other nuggets. H
S3
@ There is nothing that can be satisfac- fU
I \ torily substituted for g
I Seal of North Carolina I
M Hundreds of attempts have been made g
M during the last ten years to equal it, but ■-
m nothing has ever satisfied the public as . &%
| j well — in a plug cut pipe tobacco. Have H
P you smoked it ? ||
1 "T"he Original Plug Cut— H
§| I Always the same — M
I Mild and Cool. S
QBBBfIBBBBBBBBBBBIBBaBBBBHe
Holcomb In the chair. Delegates were
present from all but four Assembly dis
tricts. There was considerable wrangling.
The only thing accomplished was the
changing of the name to "The Democratic
League of Clubs," the motion to eliminate
the name of the defeated candidate for
Governor being carried unanimously.
A committee of three, consisting of
Meesrs. Bowlan, Lawlor and Manzer. was
appointed to wait on the Democratic
State Central Committee and request rep
resentation at the booths should that body
order the holding: of primaries for the
next election. A motion to continue the
organization was tarried, the representa
tive from the Thirty-second District vot
ing no.
A NOTED POLITICAL ECONOMIST.
Professor Vigouroux on His Way to
Paris With Data Concerning
Labor Problems.
Professor Louis Vlgouroux, a French
political economist of distinction, arrived
here from Australia on the Moana and
is registered at the Lick.
He is one of twenty representatives of
the Musee Social of Paris, now engaged
in collecting data concerning labor and
social questions in all parts of the world.
"It is our object," said Professor Vig
ouroux yesterday, "to gather a library of
reliable information regarding the indus
trial classes of the world which are not
conlined to any section or nation, but will
be available to all; to have at hand data
and full Information concerning the con
ditions existing In all countries; and to
endeavor to reduce all of the social ques
tions that have disturbed and are dis
turbing the thinkers of to-day to an exact
science."
"How did the Idea originate?"
"It was the practical result of the Ex
position of Social Economy, held in con
nection with the Paris Exposition of 1889.
Statistics, pamphlets and full details of
experiments in problems of social inter
est were then available, and the informa
tion was so valuable and interesting that
the Musee Social was formed to continue
the work thus begun. That institution
took over all the exhibits and established
a library, open to all, and it has received
many valuable additions since. Neither
politics nor religion enters into the con
sirifrations of the society. Consideration
is given to all matters of common inter
est, as the benefits of co-operation, the
extension of a system of co-operative
credit, by which money Is lont to mem
bers; the establishment of what are really
agricultural banks, and similar matters.
"The members of the society include
some of the largest landholders in France.
It is certain that the project would never
have been realized had it not been for
the generosity of the Count of Chambrun.
Very rich, nearly blind and without chil
dren, he has devoted the greater part of
his fortune to the foundation of the
Musee. Besides paying its running ex
penses, he has presented it with a piece
of property on the Rue Las Cases worth
$300,000."
Professor Vigouroux is returning to
Paris this way in order to obtain data
for completing his report on thlß country's
social problems.
He will subsequently finish his reports
on New Zealand, Australia and South
Africa, and the result of his entire labors
will be exhibited in the department of
social economy at the Paris Exposition
in 1900.
Captain Blame's Fake.
Collector Jackson has been informed by
the Secretary of the Treasury- that Cap
tain James G. Blalne, who told a New
York Evening Sun reporter that he had
succeeded in smuggling several thousand
cigars on the United States transport
steamer Newport, on her arrival here
from Honolulu two months ago. had been
obliged to pay the duty on his fake story.
Surveyor Spear said yesterday that cus
toms officials are not required to go on
board United States war vessels or trans
ports, but that his men, as a precaution,
searched Captain Elaine's baggage as
well as that of the others officers on the
Newport, and failed to discover any
smuggled good*. He was of the opinion
that Captain Blame paid the duty in
Washington rather than acknowlege thai
he had told the Sun reporter a fake story.
Elks Indignant.
The members of San Francisco Lodge
No. 3. Benevolent anil Protective Order
of Elkß, wish it thoroughly understood by
the public of San Francisco that they
are no way connected with the masquer
ade or ladies' social that is shortly to be
given In this city and that they are in
no way connected with promoters of the
project.
Burglars in a Saloon.
T. M. Leap's saloon at 437 Montgomery
street was entered Wednesday and $66 in
cash, two boxes of cigars and a quantity
of liquor stolen. The money was secreted
In three different places and Leap has
given the name of a person whom he sus
pects to the police.
Coroner's Inquests.
In the case of Mrs. Nettle Suits, who '
died in St. Luke's Hospital on November I
2, a Coroner's jury yesterday returned a •
verdict to the effect that her death was j
caused by the explosion of two lamps, one
in the hands of Nettie Suits and the other '
in the hands of Mrs. Mallarkey; cause of
the collision unknown.
In the case of the death of Alice Wolf,
who swallowed carbolic acid at 612 Eddy
| street on November 11, a verdict of suicide
! while temporarily Insane was rendered.
A similar verdict was found in the case of
"William D. Edwards, who drowned him
s self in a cistern on the grounds of the
McLean Hospital. .
Firemen Break the Rules.
At the meeting of the Fire Comml??l<in
ers yesterday afternoon Edward Toomcy,
hosemnn of Enpine 2G, was flnod five days'
pay for neglect of duty. Thomas F. Mur
phy, hoseman of Engine IS, had charges
preferred against him, but rather than
face them he tendered his resignation,
which was accepted.
MELANCHOLIA
DESPAIR
MISERY
SORROW
DEBILITY
DISEASE
I WEAKNESS
Cured in BLUES
a Week. LOSSES
' ■ DRAINS
EVERY MAN HAS SOME AMBITION,
gome desire to make a mark or be known
i eh 9 suocesis in a given fl>ld. No one wants to
j be called has been, '•failure," or weak-kneed.
i Now. to make a success in life, to be at the
! top, you must be mentally and physically
! strong. • If you *iave a known weakness. If you
I lack nerve force, if you are suffering from
nervous debility, you can not be a grand suc-
cess. Your life will end. in failure.
MAN. TAKE ADVICE.
Hudyan cures ntrvous debility. Hudyan cures
| test vitality, weakness and neurasthenia. Hud-
yan cures constpatlon, evil dreams, pimples,
bashfulness. Hudyan is had only from the doc-
tors of the Hudson Aledical Institute. [No one
can give you Hudyan but us. Consult the '
Hudyan doctors free.
CIRCULARS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.
BLOOD POISON Is manifested by blood
BLOOD POISON Bores. pimples, copper-
BLOOD POISON colored spot*. When la
\ BLOOD POISON first, secondary or terti-
BLOOD POISON ary forms it can be cured
BLOOD POISON with
The SO-Day Cure. . Circulars 30-Day Cure.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
ATT OFFICE
Private consultation. •
FREE — Developing process. •
ddpP- Medical examination. -
■" rc.ir.d Catarrhal examination.
FREE— Free talk.
First remedy treatment.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Ellis. Stockton and Market Sts.
San Francisco, Cal. ,
TRANSFEREE'S SMLE.
■ On Saturday, the 19th day of November, 1898.
at 11 a m , at 205 Montgomery st., we will.
I by order of Fred Woodworth Esq., . attorney
i for transferees, sell without reserve or limit,
at public auction, to the highest bidder for.
I cash the following Itemized personal proper-
itv heretofore owned by John F. Sheehan: 1
' mantel clock. 2 ornaments; Carlsbad dinner set.
consisting of 34 pieces; 1 black onyx 3-* tone
diamond bar pin, weighing about 'i karat; 1;
small pair diamond black onyx eardrops, weigh-
in* about Vi karat; 1 small solitaire diamond •
ring, weighing about V, karat; 1 silver teapot,
i silver sugar bowl, 1 silver coffee pot, i silver'
creamer, 1 silver . sugar bowl ; without cover;
all above sterling silver and made by Tiffany;;
1 1 gold lined berry dish. 1 gold lined berry dish
and fork 1 1 butter knife, 1 soup ladle and case..
1 salad fork, 1 Ivory handle carving . set, >
pieces and case; 1 salad spoon. 12 gold lined
spoons 12 Japanese knives, 13 silver teaspoons,
1 pie knife. 1 berry spoon and case. 1 berry
spoon and case, 1 large soup ladle, 1 fish knife
ami case, 1 butter knife and case; all the above
sterling silver; 1 silver button hook, 1 olive dish
and fork, 1 gravy ladle, 1 gold lined silver but-
ter dish. INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
. , H. J. LEUTHOLTZ. Auctioneer. >
Munyon'sHeadache and IndipstionCure
is the only remedy on tL<j market that
will cure every form of Headache In S
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's ■ rlpsack. At all Drug-
gists. ' 25 cures. 25c
j> < rf rf3SSSs»^i»t if E5/r ** Is a non-pomonot^
«<sl^B^'*^^^K« remedy for (Jonorrho-a,
J^Hp'cDUEtOWia O!c«t, Spermatorrhoea!
JSSQFia 1 to 5 iijg.^lß Whites, unnatural dig.
jgl^y Oc»r»nt«d « cbargp*. or ony in2umrua-
«*>]* » 01 to ttrtaure. ,". tloa. ■, irritation ;or ulcera- /
m" 7 ' atS eot "*« i00 - tion of mucous mern-
\fJ*r*B * CHEMinu 00. branea. Kon-aatringent. ;
\sJliS!NCimTi,o SSI 01 * 1 by Dr| xnr*at*. . ■
wk U. 3. ■*• <Bw^" Bent lv P la ' :a wrapper.
<*^af#^Si]^ -^*2r*X& br express, prepaid, fot
; Ji- G0 '. or 3 tomes,
T>-*tqggjpr % y g Circular r>ni ua re^uitfcANOTHER NAVAL
STATION NEEDED
Southern California Will
Get It.
RECOMMENDED BY ENDICOTT
WILL BE LOCATED NEAR THE
MEXICAN LINE.
Chief of the Bureau o£ Yards and
Docks Submits Estimates
for the Next Fiscal
Year.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 17.— 1n his an
nual report to the Secretary of the
Navy, Chief Endicott of the Bureau of
Yards and Docks makes a strong point
of the necessity for ample docking fa
cilities, not only for small vessels but
for the battle-ships, upon the waters
near Key West.
Under the head of coaling stations
the report tells what has been done
toward securing a station at Pago-
Pago on the island of Tutuilla, Samoa,
showing that the United States has
acquired fifteen acres of land at Swim
ming Point and Observatory Point and
has contracted for a steel pier, coal
shed and other improvements neces
sary to store 5000 tons of coal and other
iep.
The report states that the United
States haa come into possession of the
: San Juan and a naval arsenal.
The estimates of the various navy
yards for the next fiscal year are as
s: Portsmouth, N. H., $306,000;
Mass., ?367,000; New London,
Conn., $25, <; New York, $612,000;
Bland, Pa., $755,978; Washing
■ $205,000: Norfolk, Va.,
'$1,500,000 being for a new
i; Port Royal, S. C, $145,000; Key
West, $112,520; Mare Island, $851,750;
3 . :.d. $53,500.
Treating- of this last station, Puget
S.iund, Chief Endicott says if it be im
portant to equip a first-class naval
station in that vicinity, a new site
should be selected, for the present has
none of the desiderata of a good naval
station. There is no near-by popula
tion to draw upon for skilled labor; no
available market and no direct rail
road connection with a trunk line.
Under these conditions, it is said to be
doubtful if it be wise to build a large
station at this point.
The report also comments upon the
fact that no battle-ship or heavy
draught cruiser has yet approached
the wharves at Mare Island, and says
it remains to be demonstrated that this
precious location as a navy-yard was a
fortunate one. Attention is called to
the fact that the Oregon was com
peUed to go 800 miles north to Pue-et
Sound to be docked. While the Gov
ernment could construct ample dock
facilities on San Francisco Bay this
would still be 450 miles north of the
southern boundary of the United
States, where it is quite as important
to have a naval station as on the
northern boundary at Puget Sound
Therefore it is recommended that a
board of experineced officers be direct
ed to give attention to the establish
ment of such a station near the south
ern limits of the Pacific coast.
The total estimates of the bureau for
tne next fiscal year aggregate $6,347 4^l
RECIPROCITY TREATY
MAY BE ADOPTED
Terms Proposed by American Com
missioners to Canada's Rep
resentatives.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 1 7 .-The Anglo-
Amrrlcan Commission now in session here
idjust differences between the United
and Canada to-day held a lengthy
n upon the two subjects which are
regarded as of most importance, namely
antic fisheries and reci
procity The fisheries question was prac
tically taken up for the first time, and it
[Uite definitely understood that the
n of the Canadian Government wal
made dear as favoring the granting of
enlarged rights to American fishermen in
Canadian waters of the North MJantic
if in return Canadian fish are admitted
free of duty to American markets
earning reciprocity, it has now d»
veloped that, wuue some progress 7* be"
ing made in considerlnp certain i
which will be the ba^isof C r e /cipr n octt II v 1v IC the
American Commissioners are likely to in
sist, as a preliminary to any reciprocity
that Canada shall wipe out that feature
of her tariff law winch gives Great Brit
ain a preference of 25 per cent on sll
tariff duties If this important conces
sion Is made by Canada and concurred in
by Lord Herschel. who is looking aftr-r
the interests of Great Britain, it is said
a reciprocity list probably will be agreed
upon.
Without the abolition of preferential
rates to Great Britain the opinion is very
positively expressed that a reciprocity
agreement cannot be reached.
The American Commissioners feel that
If they can succeeed in having this Brit
ish preferential stopped it will be greater
than any reciprocity agreement. The de
bate thus far has encouraged the Ameri
can Commissioners to believe that they
will succeed in having this preferential
wiped out.
TWO LIVES LOST ON
A SINKING SCOW
Alaskan Argonauts Perish in a
Yukon River Disaster at
Fifty Mile.
VICTORIA. Nov. 17.-The Dirlgo has
arrived from Alaska with ninety passen
gers, thirty from Dawson. They tell of
the sinking of a scow near Fifty Mile, liy
which two lives and fifty tons of pro
visions were lo?t. Tho rtver is still open
and some think the steamer Willie Irvine
will get up from Dayraon.
The ill-fated scow left Bennett on Sep
tember 21. There were four men on her—
her owners. Smith & Galloway of Skag
;md two prospectors, whoso names
were never learneu. but who, according
to Galloway, hailed from California The
voyage went smoothly until White Horse
Rapids were reached. In the rough usage
th»» craft got by those troublesome waters
bet scares parted and she had aJI but
I'-red before those on her managed
ich her. Repairs were made to her
and tht journey down the river was re
sumed.
At the Fifty Mile Rapids, however, more
trouble awaited the heavily laden scow
Wn..e she was rushing through the rapids
she foundered, her seams having again
parted. Seeing that the scow was a com
plete loss, the four men sprang into the
icy waters and made for the river bank.
Smith and Galloway reached the shore in
safety, but the two other unknown min
ers were swept to death.
Some of the Klondikers who came down
on the Dirigo say that when they left
Dawson on October 20 it was thought
that two men and a woman had been
burned to death in the big fire of October
14. The two men. whose names Tne Call's
informants were unable to give, have been
missing since the conflagration.
General Graham Improving.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— At Fort Hamil
ton to-day Major General William J. Gra
ham, U. S. A., retired, was reported to
have improved since yesterday when his
illness from typhoid pneumonia was made
known. His family now believe that the
danger point has been passed.
LODGE DECLARES
FOR EXPANSION
Attitude America Should
Assume.
OPEN DOOR IN THE FAR EAST
SENATOR FAVORS BACKING UP
ENGLAND.
Believes Uncle Sam Should Demand
That Chinese Ports Be Opened
to the Commerce of the
World.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Nov. 17.— Senator Lodge, In
an address at the Boston Boot and Shoe
Club's banquet last night, said:
I come now to what I think the Govern
ment ought to do. The success of the
English-speaking race, which has carried
it all over the world and made it the great
industrial and commercial people or tht>
earth to-day, has been duo to the principle
of self-help. But there are certain
things whirh the spirit of American en
terprise must look to the Government to
do.
You cannot expect men to carry your
products and to extend your trade by es
tablishing themselves in a distant portion
of the earth unless you have a Govern
ment that is ready to protect them at all
times and at all hazards.
We want no commerce at the cannon's
mouth, but we do want it understood
that wherever an American is engaged
in business there he is to be protected,
and that thtre is a navy of the United
States big enough to guard him wher
ever he sees fit to go. Therefore, I say
that we- need a large navy as a protection
! to commerce on the sea as well as on the
i land.
The question that confronts us is a
larger one than what we shall do with tne
Philippines. They say we are not an
m power unless we hold those is
lands. We are to-day the greatest power
in the Pacific Ocean. We hold one en
tire side of that ocean except the outlet
which England has to China. We houl
the half-way house in Honolulu, where all
: sh<ps must stop when the Nicaragua
canal is built, as it will be. Are we going
io allow the ports of the east to be clpsea
to us and open to Russia, France and Ger
| many alone? Or are we going to stand up
t and say with England and Japan, me
! ports of China must be c?osed to all or
they must be open to all?
It is going to be a struggle, in my judg
ment, between the maritime nations and
the non-maritime nations. It is going to
be a struggle to see whether the people
who speak the English tongue are to go to
the wall or whether they are to have their
share in the commerce of the earth where
ever they fly their flag. I believe that the
United States is entitled to its share of
the world's commerce. I do not believe
that we should be shut out from it and
I do not think that there is the least dan
ger of war anywhere if we are far-sight
ed enough to make known to the world
just what we want and just what we in
tend to do. Let our Government have wis
dom in its foreign policy and its treatment
of our merchant marine and the genius of
American invention and enterprise will
do the rest.
MATTHEWS GUILTY
OF MANSLAUGHTER
Milpitas Constable Who Killed
Young Hopken Recommended
to Mercy of the Court.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 17.— John Matthews,
who while Constable at Milpitas killed
Henry Hopken. was to-day found guilty
of manslaughter. He was recommended
to the mercy of the court. Judge Lori
pan will pronounce sentence on Novem
ber 28.
Matthews' crime was committed while
h? was drunk and was a cold-blooded one.
Public feeling was greatly stirred up over
it On the night of the killing Matthews
was drinking in Pancera's saloon on the
Milpitas road. A whip and coat were
stolen from his buggy, and the officer
started down the street looking for the
thief. He came across Hopken, a 19-year
old boy. who was visiting in the neigh
borhood. Matthew? accused him of tak
ine the coat and whip. This he denied.
and, according to Matthews, started to
run when the officer shot mm through
the 'head. Matthews claimed he merely
fired to frighten the boy, and did not in
tend to hit him.
Thi». story is not generally believed. It
is believed that the officer drove up along
side" him and shot him without a word of
warning.
MRS. VAN ALSTINE NOW
SUES FOR A DIVORCE
Sequel to the Romantic Marriage,
Desertion and Subsequent
Reconciliation.
SEATTLE, Nov. 17.— The filing of R
complaint for divorce in the King County
court to-day is a sequel to the celebrated
Van Alstlne case. In January last Con
Van Alstine married his present wife and
later went to the Klondike. He returned
on the first trip of the St. Paul to San
Francisco, wuere he was joined by his
'•Lou," and together they Journeyed to
New York. She soon tired of him and
skipped to London, carrying away a con
siderable portion of Con's $30. W0. He fol
lowd her and a reconciliation ensued.
They returned to America and arrived in
Seattle on November L
In praying that n divorce be granted
her, Mrs. Van Alstine alleges that her
husband is insanely jealooa of her and
has so often threatened bodily injury that
she fears for her life. Shr-' states that
that Con has mining property valued at
$2ii0,000 on Bonanza Creek. The court is
asked to order that she be paid $1000 in
order to conduct the suit.
Monday n^xt has been tixf-1 as the date
for Van Alstine to show cause why he
should not comply with this demand.
♦
TAKE FRENCH LEAVE.
Payday Causes Homesickness at the }
Benicia Barrackr.
WOODLAND, Nov. 17.— Wednesday was
payday at the Benicia barracks. During
the evening twenty or twenty-five soldiers
le?t camp without leave. Among the
number were eight or nine members of
the Colusa company. Captain Ford sur
mised that his men would probably take
a trip home, so he went to Davisville,
and at that place found six of the men,
who, it seems, went to Sacramento
Wednesday evening, and when inter
cepted were on their way to Colusa.
They were turned over to the Davisville
officers for temporary keeping.
• \aptain Ford learned that one of his
mt n was on the Knights Landing train.
He came to this city, and was rewarded '
for her trouble by finding another man on |
the Colusa train and also by overtaking
the poldler who left the Knights Landing
train at this place. He returned to Be
nicia barracks with his prisoners this
afternoon.
One of the soldlerß complained of the
treatment received at the barracks. He
said the boys were refused furloughs and I
determined "to take French leave and visit I
their homes. He also said that about 100
men left in that manner Wednesday even-
Ing.
WILL EXTEND TO OMAHA.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— The Illinois Central
has decided to extend its lines to Omaha.
All the preliminary work has been done
and the construction of some 17f> miles
of new track from Fort Dodge. lowa, to
Omaha, will begin early next spring.
This extension will give tne Illinois Cen
tral a valuable Western terminal and will
greatly increase the Importaru <• of the
Western end of the road. •
Sending the Christmas Box to Manila,
By Alice Rix,
In Next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
RAPID GROWTH OF
OUR COMMERCE
America's Trade With
the World.
EXPORTS STEADILY INCREASE.
TREASURY BUREAU'S INTER
ESTING STATISTICS.
Year Just Ended Makes the Lowest
Record of Imports, With a
Single Exception, Since
the Year 1879.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Nov. 17.
The tide of international commerce
turned in favor of the United States in
the centennial year, 1576. Prior to |
: that date the balance of trade against |
; us had been (beginning with 1789) $2,-
I 236,405,610. Since that date the balance
', of trade in our favor has been $3,091,
! 440,952. In the eighty-seven years' ope
1 ration of the Government prior to that !
date it witnessed but sixteen occasions j
I in which the annual balance of trade '
; was in its favor; in the twenty-three ]
j years since that time it has witnessed ;
but three occasions in which the an
! nual balance of trade has been against
1 it. In the eighty-seven years prior to
1876 the exports amounted to $12,309,- j
653,384, an average of $141,000,000 per '
annum, while the imports amounted to
114,546,994,000, an average of $167,000,000 ,
per annum. In the twenty-three years |
since 1876 the exports amounted to j
$18,662,344,445, an average of $811,000,000
per annum, and the imports amounted j
to $15,570,903,493, an average of $677,000,- i
000 per annum. It will thus be seen j
that in the twenty-three years since \
1575 our exports ha-> -- actually been |
more than 50 per cent In excess of those '
of the entire eighty-seven years prior j
to 1576, and that the average annual |
exportation since 1876 has been nearly ]
six times as much as the average an- j
nual exportation prior to that time.
A recent publication by the Treasury
Bureau of Statistics, entitled "imports
and Exports of the United States, and
Receipts and Expenditures of the
United States Government," presents
the figures of our imports and exports
running back to 1835, and the receipts
and expenditures running back to 1856;
and by supplementing these with ear
lier official data, the full record of the
110 years of our commerce may thus
be had. Prior to 1835 there were but
three occasions in which the annual ex
ports reached $100,000,000, and but nine
occasions in which the imports
reached that sum, so that the years
covered by the publication in question
comprise the most important of
our commercial history, presenting, as
it does, the figures by years from 1835
down to and including 1898, and by
months from January, 1884, to August,
1898.
A detailed study of these figures pre
sents some extremely interesting facts
regarding our commerce with other
parts of the world. Prior to 1834 the
exports never reached $100,000,000 an
nually, save in the exceptional years
of 1806 and 1807, while after the year
1834 they never fell below the $100,
000,000 line, save in the exceptional year
1842. By 1853 they reached the $200,
000,000 line; by 1860 the $300,000,000 line;
by 1870 the $400,000,000 line; in 1873 they
passed tha $500,000,000 line; in 1878 they
exceeded $600,000,000; in 1879 thp - were
more than $700,000,000; in 1880 more than
$800,000,000; in 1881, for the first time
the $900,000,000 was reached; in 1892 the
billion dollar liite was for the first time
crossed, and in 1898 the figures were
$1,231,482,330. Thus the exports of IS9B
are practically double those of 1887,
four times those of 1878, and almost ten
times as much as those of 1848, in which
year they were $138,190,515.
The growth of imports, while neces
sarily great by reason of increased pop
ulation, has not kept pace with that of
exports, especially in the last quarter
of a century. The $100,000,000 line in
the import trade was passed as early
as 1801, and again in 1805, 1806 and 1807,
and at intervals unttl 1844, when the
total of $102,604,606 was followed by a
rapid growth, the $200,000,000 line being
passed in 1851, the $300,000,000 line in
1856, the $400,000,000 line in 1866, the
$500,000,000 line in 1871, while 1872 ex
ceeded $600,000,000, 1882 exceeded $700,
000,000 and 1891 passed the $800,000,000
line, the high water mark of imports
being reached in 1893, when the figures
were $566,400,922. while the year just
ended, 1898, makes a lower record of
imports than any year with a single ex
ception since 1579.
The figures covering the receipts and
expenditures are equally interesting.
Prior to 1800 the total net ordinary re
ceipts of the Government never reached
as much as $10,000,000. practically the
entire sum then being collected from
customs. They ranged steadily up
ward from that time until by 1826 they
had passed the $25,000,000 line, b- 1851
the $50,000,000 line, by 1857 the $75,000,
000 line, and in 1863, for the first time,
passed the $100,000,000 mark, increasing
rapidly by reason of the necessary col
lection of war revenues, until in 1866
they were $519,949,564, dropping again
below the $300,000,000 line after the war,
but ranging from $300,000,000 upward
since 1880, the average receipts (aside
from war revenue) at present being
$365,000,000 per annum, or a million dol
lars a day, while the average expendi
tures (omitting war Items) are about
the same.
WITNESS IN CONTEMPT.
Sensation in the Nevills Extortion
Trial — Prosecution Has a
Strong Case.
The trial of Elsie Williams. Grace Loose
and Myron Azhderian, charged with ex
tortion, opened yesterday morning with
a scene that was little less than exciting.
Judge Cook discovered that, notwith
standing his orders that all witnesses in
the case should remain away from the
court room until called, J. Azhderian, a
brother of the defendant, had remained
in the room during the first two days of
the trial. Judge Cook immediately de
clared the disobedient witness in con
tempt of court and fined him $100 with an
alternative of 5 days in jail. Counsel for
the prosecution addressed I^ie court on be
half of Azhderian, stating that his action
had been Innocent in intent, and Judge
Cook revoked his order.
Captain Nevills then took" the stand and
completed his story of his intimacy with
Elsie Williams, how he had paid her $2uOO
and advised her to get ria of the "Arme
nian." meaning Azhderian. William E
Nevills Jr. was next called. He corrobo
rated Captain Nevills" story, and told how
Azhderian had told him that if Dolan had
not squeeled Captain Nevills would have
been "disposed of," and his property
claimed under forged checks. When the
witness left the stand the case was con
tinued until 2 oViock to-day.
Railway Meeting.
At a meeting of the directors of the Cal
ifornia Northwestern Railway Company
yesterday A. W. Foster was elected presi
dent of tbe company, vice G. Palache, re
signed.
George A. Newhall was elected director
in place of J. H. Isham.
STORIES TOLD
BY SCHOOL
BOARD BILLS
Ragan's Brother to
the Front.
HIGH PRICE FOR A BUGGY
TOO MUCH FOR EVEN WALLEiI
AND BURNS TO STOMACH.
Blacksmithing Comes High, but the
Directors Do Not Hesitate to
Invest Liberally Right
Along.
Those claims against the School Depart- j
ment now in the hands of the Auditor, !
| when carefully scrutinized, make some j
i remarkable disclosures. They tell of j
I favorites heavily played and invariably
winning at the expense of the taxpayers; j
of evasions if not actual violations of i
the law, .and of charges for trivial arti- i
cles that would put to blush the most j
! hardened convict wearing stripes.
It would appear from these claims that
as determined an effort had been made to ,
I bankrupt the City Treasury as the Mc- j
Donalds and their pals made to loot the I
Pacific and People's banks; that the for- !
mer effort was not as successful as the ;
other is due to the fact that the city's i
funds were not as limited as the . banks. j
One 'of tne most suspicious accounts ;
awaiting settlement is that of Ragan &
Schlegal, carriage repairers and black- j
smiths. The senior member of the firm
is a brother of Dr. Ragan, the School Di
rector, which relationship may have much '
to do with the heavy bills the firm is con- j
stantly presenting, not alone against the
School Department but against the mu
nicipal branches as well.
There are several claims of Ragan &
Schlegal now awaiting the Auditor's sane- i
tion, and one of them bears evidence that
even such members of the board as Wal- '
ler and Burns considered the charge ex- j
cessive. This claim is for a new buggy ;
purchased for the department on October j
27 1897. Naturally, the first question that
arises in the mind of • the investigator
is, why the board should purchase a new j
buggy from Ragan & Schlegal. wagon re- ;
pairers and blacksmiths, instead of going
to some regular carriage repository where j
it would be likely to save a middle man (
profit. But no satisfactory solution of the
problem presenting itself, the searcher !
turns to the price, $ISO, and reflects that
the middleman's profit was not to be j
sneezed at. Tnen he notices that the
original price of $180 has been scaled
to $165 by Messrs. Burns and Waller of
the Finance Committee, and the mind be
gins to ponder on the freak that induced
those two members to save the city $15.
Had the bill been increased that amount ,
it would seem perfectly consistent with
the record of the board, but to have them
shave a bill is beyond comprehension and
a vision of a $75 buggy, a bill for $180 and
two conscience smitten School Directors ;
presents itself. S> : . _£.' .
This vision becomes plainer when pro- !
ceeding with his investigation the search
er finds another bill from ' Ragan & ;
Schlegal dated February 9. IS9B (less than
four months after the purchase of the
buirtrv) for $28 25' for "repairs on tools ana
buggy." The itemized bill is as follows: ,
Jan. 22-Steellng 2 picks. *2 00 !
Jan. Steeling 2 picks \£>
Jan. 27— Setting 4 Urea....... ........... 5 00 j
. 10"b01t5.. ...:.. 100
4 5p0ke5......... \ *»
Repairing shaft eyes 150
Repairing shaft clips 100
2 half rims • ••••• ♦«>
Setting axie.. * ™
2 shaft irons >« 00 j
Crossbar in shafts .."."..'. 2 60
Steel bar • 1 <£ ;
Sharpening 1 bar ■ ;
Total J2525
But if this bill makes a practical black
smith fcasp. what will he do when he
r£ads the items in Ragan & Schlegal's bill
of January 7, 1898, which are as follows:
Dec. R-8 hooks. 1-6 bolts and washers.... slo 00
Dec. 13—1 hook J "}
Dec. 24_6 irons and bolts for gates 10 00
4 bolts *>
Shaft string W
Dec. 30— Handles for 4 plugs w w
Total W B9O
That is what the total reads If one
will take the trouble to foot up the Items
he will find they amount to $32 90 or $6 00
less than the total on the bill. But one
does not mind a slight discrepancy like
that in the totals when rapt in admiring
contemplation of the various charges.
Chesney & Co. have the contract for
doing carpenter work for the department,
but that does not signify that they are to
do all the work. At least it ought not.
for there is a statute requiring the board i
to advertise for bids for all work amount
ing to $200 or more. It is an inspiring
string of claims presented by Chesney &
Co on July 24 last that impels one to ask
if the board invariably obeys the law in j
this respect, or if it has found a neat :
means of evasion by which it can play
favorites. These claims of Chesney &
Co are as remarkable as any to be
found, for this reason: There are six of
them all of the same date, and ail for
$197 and $198, just within the $200 limit. The
surprising part is that Chesney & Co.
could perform six separate jobs for the
department at the same time and all for
the same amount. There is nothing to
show where the work was performed,con
sequently it is only natural that the sus
picion should arise that Chesney & Co.
had been given some job amounting to
something like $1100 and the bill split up in
this fashion to hoodwink the casual ob- j
server into believing that the law had
been duly respected.
These are some of the minor claims the
Board of Education expects to have paid,
but they furnish quite as Interesting a
study as do the larger claims.
And there are many more of them, big
and little.
A NOTABLE BANQUET.
Pacific Parlor No. 10, N. S. Q. W.,
Celebrates Its Seventeenth
Anniversary.
Pacific Parlor No. 10. N. S. G. W.. cele
brated Its seventeenth anniversary right
royally last evening in the banquet hall of
the California Hotel, which was magnifi
cently decorated for the occasion.
President Leonard Stone welcomed the
guests in fitting terms, and during the
discussion of an elaborate menu the fol
lowing toasts were reseponded to: "The
Past Year," by D. E. Ryan; "Our Grand
Parlor," by George Clark; "Our Future,"
by Joseph E. Hawkins; "Our State," by
Judge Bahrs; "The Boys," by John Grea
ney "Our New Members," by W. H.
Langton; "Our Boys at the Front," by
Herbert Dam. Instrumental music was
furnished by an orchestra of fifteen pieces,
and vocal solos by Messrs. Desmond, Hlb
bard and Grodjens, and the singing of sev
eral selections by the Knickerbocker
Quartet rounded out a memorable evening
in the history of thejiarlor.
Visiting Laundrymen.
Among the prominent laundrymen
brought to this city by the recent meet
ing of the Laundry Association at Sac
ramento, are J. H. Kiefer, of the Troy
Laundry. Los Angeles; J. B. Leaman. Red
Star Laundry, San Jose; A. E. Messerley,
Anchor Laundry, Los Angeles; C. B. An
drus, Marysvllle Laundry, MarysvlUe, and
N. Bonnllo, Excelsior Laundry, Los An
geles. After a final meeting at the Bald
win Wednesday morning, they lunched at
the Cliff House, and put in the rest of
the day in sightseeing.
The Bear Club.
The Bear Club held Its first meeting
since the election last evening and the
gathering was naturally a very happy one
as several of the members of the" club
went Into office at the big Republican
landslide. President Collins reviewed the
work of the club since the opening of the
campaign, and thanked the members for
their good work.
Bead About Dreyfus on Devils Island,
In next Sunday's Call.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HYAMS & CO., Manufacturers of Fine Clothing, Now Unloading Their Big Winter Stock at Retail,
FINE CLOTHING
SACRIFICED
AT MAKER'S COST!
The Finest Clothing Obtainable Must Now Be
Turned Into Cash at Lowest Prices Ever j
Named by Any Reliable Firm in |
America.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY.
Men's Strictly All-Wool Suits in most >X V> 4 r
stylish fabrics, equal to those sold by. "CPf"C.4'iO
any retail store in this city at $10 and rOvJ
$12, will now go at ......,.........;.. -M* w
Men's Most Fashionable Fine All-Wool Suits, cut, made
and trimmed In an excellent manner, f^ q-*
equal to those sold by exclusive re- Wf 5^ OO
tailers for $13.50 and $15, will now go cOO
at ..• • *KWK W
Men's High Class and Richly Tailored Suits in fine im-
ported Worsted, Serges, Cheviots,
Thibets and Cassimeres; you'll 'find .*. . -^ . c
'em marked to sell at retail stores forU* A 18 ZLQ
$18;. our price to-day and Saturday «n J Sj* *..^
only • *r -** mm
MEN'S RANTS.
In All-Wool Cljeviots'and neat striped Worsteds, cut,
made and trimmed in a most stylish. a O(r
manner and bargains in any retail O* A Xn
store in this State at $3.50; our price £T\ ■ ■ * ww
a gift, only .••'• *r
Men's Stylish Fine All-Wool Pants in rich, neat Cassi-
meres and Worsteds, equal to those —^- A —
sold at retail stores for $5 and $6; our O* l J an
price the lowest on record, 0n1y.. .... CUC^
Store Open To-Morrow Night Till 10 O'clock.
WHOLESALERS. established is<s3. MANUFACTURERS.
NOW RETAILING FINE CLOTHING AT WHOLESALE WAREROOMS,
25 and 27 SANSOME STREET,
CONE-HALF BLOCK FROM MARKET STREET.
ALL OUR GOODS were made by "UNION TAILORS" within our own Factory, corner Gt. Jones street and
Lafayette place, New York City.
HO FOR THE
; CAROLINE ISLANDS.
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BARKENTINH
RUTH
WIL-l, SAIL. ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOR
Kusiac. Ponape and Ruk. Caroline Islands,
where our trading stations are. These Islands
are situated about half way between Hawaii
and the Philippine*, and constitute part of what
must soon become American colonies. This
vessel will be fitted with flrst-class accommo-
dations . for a limited number of passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a study
of these beautiful and fruitful islands, of whose
wealth of resources so little la known. For
round trip, voyage about five months. $350.
J. F. CUNNINGHAM CO..
Owners. 14 Clay street. San Francisco.
. '. ■ . _ f
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
Specialists for AH Diseases of Men.
*fP gg ° s Mfoffth. THESE SUCCE3S-
.fiSfgjjfcJ^lJfejHjigjL.- I f v 1 physicians
MHffi^p^BM have the most exten-
flgSn|JE^^^B^^ ■jW * elve practice and
Ri'w* Ts3 largest and best
t^n^i IP " equipped medical In-
V&-Jyl? _^~P 6tltutlon on the Pa-
w*vid _^**91/® !^S clflc Coast. They have
fix&i' «uch confidence in
«A« < X%%ffl WiS their ability that
\ »6f. P^*^ «5^ they will let the pa-
•\\ 19k I -'4 *s! tient deposit the price
f //S* **%. I rVSSI^A of a cure In any bank
MZMySM ,<s&&£&* house or newspaper
V&f/ W^tMtV&tt . » OUBe or newspaper
'^J^i. TK^sßifll^faßsl' -; In San Francisco, to
•2*35 ''QWiiffliiiiflillsf Ibe paid to them when
'>'%Ml the cure is effected.
m&\ T^iSffpl^ or will take monthly
gffiit, ■_Jj| y*y>wwn^ installments if th»
Established 17 Tun. patient prefers.
Established 17 Year*. Tpousana, cure a at
I,—, Advlo* and private book free. Letter*
confldenUal DRf MEYERS & CO.. Til Market
St.. San Francisco. Cal. '
Use f^^L and
Facial Soap s^/ Faclal Cream.
If anything alls your Skin. Scalp, Complex-
ion or Hair, call on or write Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODBURY. 127 West 42d st New
York. 163 State St., Chicago. LseWoodburys
Facial Soap. Facial Cream. Facial ■ and Tooth
-Powder. Sold everywhere.
METED \/ IT A * VITALITY
IMfcri VI. I M lost vigor.
4gWB, —WAND MANHOOD
£&$& m \ Cure* Impotency Nisi" Emissions and wasting
RHMjBC diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
\Vi^T\ indiscretion. A nerve/tonic and blood'builder.
-JS¥ Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and tt>
L *»TT/ «ore» the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
WJSS&L box. 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
ijd!^SsfviBU»r»nl to cure or refund the money.
skrviutntdio? Co. , Clinton « lackson si*., ei)!ca««,
WALLER BROS.. 83 Grant aye.. San Francisco.
nnTTCUrC FOR BARBERS. BAK-
KKIISrIriO «•• bootblack*, bath-
JLJaHJUAXXW*-* house*, billiard tables.
hrowers bookbinders, candy- makers, ' nnera, ;
&VZI flourmUls foundrtes. Uiundrle*, pap«f-
hanyer*? punter*, fainter*, shoe f-^orl-.
.ÜbienTen: t.-of^tanne^ tailor. *te
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
f ritWs Indian VeEetaWe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
vTbvi» u«ed them for over • forty ' years to cure
IfcK HEADACKE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid ; Liver. Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the blood. ■ , '. .
Grossman's Specific Mixture
With this remedy ; percons ; can . cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. ; :The
medicine contains , nothing ;of the least Injury
to ■ the '= constitution. .; Ask your .. druKist \lor 1 It.
Price $1 ft bottle. ■ ■ '
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY.
Men's All-Wool Blue and Black Kersey Overcoats with
deep silk velvet collars, lined with
heavy Farmer satin and equal to q ~
garments sold by exclusive retailers Ur St oO
at $13.50 and $15; our price to-day and £QfJ v
to-morrow only *r
MEN'S IRISH FRIEZE ULSTERS — Cut 54 Inches
long with high "turn up" collars,
lined with warm cassimere lining, -»^ q £
thoroughly wind and rain proof; a CIJ CJ XH
bargain at $13.50; your size to-day CQ^J
and Saturday
Men's Nobby Semi-Box Overcoats in light mode colors,
sleeves lined with Skinner's satin -^ .
and a bargain at retail stores for $15; IT* f 1 ZLr\
our price to-day and Saturday only.. COcy*
Men's Fine Imported Beaver, Kersey and Cheviot
Overcoats, cut in style, made and trimmed equal to
those turned out by first-class tail- t - * —^ -*,
ors for $2S and $30 and better than U* A C 1 cLf\
those sold at retail stores for $17.50; »A I X. ' *"
our price to-day and to-morrow only. *r ■*■ ■■
Mail Orders Promptly and Conscientiously Filled.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
MANCHESTER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND. ON THE
31st day of December. A. D. 1897, and for
the year ending on that day, aa made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $ 350 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,546,517 50
Cash In company's office 406 79
Cash in banks 316,86189
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 7,987 50
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 8 20
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 136,506 18
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks 73117
Due from other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid... 3,170 90
Total assets $2,112.490 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 72,229 4S
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense 73.130 32
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 57,870 86
Gross premiums on flre risks, run-
ning one year or less, $1,052,897 14;
reinsurance 50 per cent 526,443 57
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,050,-
196 63; reinsurance pro rata 525,864 98
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 1,918 25
All other demands against the com-
pany 60.511 37
Total liabilities $1,317,973 83
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for ftre
premiums 51,341,585 85
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages 12 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 69,594 50
Total Income $1,411.192 35
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding $112,428 13, losses of pre-
vious years) $ 650,432 85
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 259,433 67
Paid for salaries, fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 110,01135
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 57,257 67
All other payments and expenditures 76,609 59
Total expenditures $1,163,845 13
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $ 698,949 46
Risks and Premiums. |Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
■written during the!
year 1$ 154,134,320 $1,786,946 56
Net amount of risks
expired during the year 148.130,718 1,845,736 58
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 185,644,763 2,103,093 77
OEO. W. WENSLEY, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2Sth
day of February. 189 S.
ROBT. L. WENSLEY. Notary Public.
L. B. EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD, LI YER.LUNGS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH. i
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— of THE
CALEDONIAN
% INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH, SCOTLAND. ON THB
31st day of December, A. D. 1597. and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance- Commissioner of the State ■of Cali- .
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
j per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash . market value 'of all stocks
and bonds owned by. company — 1,931. 533 25
Cash- In company's 0ffice....... .'. • L 979 53
Cash In banks ; 82.537 43
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ...... ...... ■ 23,734 13
Premiums In due course of collec- . .
• tion ....'. ...........;........ 161.500 94
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks....' ... 404 05
Due ' from other companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid... - 538 S3
Total assets $2,212,278
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and .unpaid $ 102,565 34
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 64,243 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 18.256 68;
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,005.05115; . ■
reinsurance 50 per cent.'... .....'..:. 602,525 53
Gross premiums on fire risks run- . •
ning more than one year, $596»-
724 S"; reinsurance pro rata — :. 442,707 48
All other demands against the com- • ■: .
pany • 59,221 :
Total liabilities .^. $1,179,519 «
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire -
premiums .......:........ ............$1,331,030 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks,, loans, and from,
all other sources ........'.'.......:.... 71,502
Total Income ......:....$1.402,532 77
EXPENDITURES. -
Net amount paid for fire losses $ 699.022 44
Paid or allowed for . commission or • - • -
brokerage 270,742 54
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks. - etc.... ■ 87,614 35
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ........... 37,91183
All other payments and expenditures. 70,009 43
- . . • — — — —
Total expenditures $1,165.300 64
• - - ■ ■ ■■■"?. Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $ 707,058 93
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks . .'. . •■.*.'
written during , the .
year ........r... ........'. $ 150.C59.290 638. 873 41
Net amount of risks • ■.' .
expired during the year 157.693,679 1.771.936 94
Net amount in force De- .-". ■■..-■ >>
cember 31. 1897 ■•....... -I 170.019.667 1.901,776 0>
~~ CH AS. H. POST. Manager.
N. A. McNEIL, Assistant Manager.
Subscribed ' and sworn to before me, this 2Sth
day of February, IS9S.
H. E. FRANCK. Notary Public. .
L. B. EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Department,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
:: V SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Asi^ YITALIS
THE NEW
is*Dar. hzm^-Jifk, •kI&W CDC II 4*ll -
twur 10th Daj.>i»- ."»L It rnCIl Unit
YITAUS -<*>-^- id M PCUCnV
\ PROMVIs"hKABOTI? SOth Day. lI C HI C l* I■ ■
\ KESI LT9. It quickly* surely removM Nervousness,
■ Nightly Emissions, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects .
\ of self -abase or ezceu and Indiscretion. ■ Restores L«t Vitality,
' Power and Falling Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
! tion. Cures when ail others fail. Insist en having YITALIS. !
; no other. - Can be carried in th* vest pocket. IBy mail 41.00 I
' per psekaire or nix for #5.00 with a guarantee to Cure or
RcfiiiMi the Monr?. Circnlar Free. 'Address -
CALIMET C¥KK CO., 834 Dearborn St., Chlenr* I
•016 by Owl Pro* Co.. ■. F.. and Oakland.
56
FRIDAY. . . / NOVEMBER 18, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. & f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDiTORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY! Is i
served by carriers In tbls city and surroundirjfl town*
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year; per memo j
€S cents. ________
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by moll. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
t\EW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Reprewentetl— ».
WASHINGTON (_. C.) OFFICE Rl4ft» How* i
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE '. Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6B, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S£T Montflomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until 1
fc3o o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 I
o'clock- 615 LarKin street, open urjtll 930 o'clook- I
»4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market j
•treet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-»«c©n* an* ;
H«ntuck> street*, open until 9 o clock,
AMUS£MtNT*
Calirornia--"Northern Lights."
Columbia— Kellnr. the Magician.
Baldwin— "Mistakes Will Happen."
Alcazar — "A Fool of Fortune."
Morosco'»— "A Midnight Trust."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli — "Suzette."
Comedy— "Under the Dome." -
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo. !
Olyinpia — Corner Mason and Eduy Streets, Specialties.
Sutro's Baths-Swimming.
Ingleside Track — Races To-day.
Ingleslde Coursing Park— Coursing Saturday and Sunday. ••
Rosenthal — Coming in December. __________
AUCTION SALES. [^
By Wm. G. Saturday Evening, November 19. at 8
o'clock. Horses, at 721 Howard street.
By Killjp & Monday Evening, November 21. at 7:30
o'clock, Horses, at corner Van Ness avenue and Market street.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Monday, November 21, at 11 o'clock,
Livery Stable, at 1123 Mission street.
TOUGh| SCHOOL DIRECTORS.
SOME years ago the School Department was
afflicted with a set of Directors who earned the
designation of "Tough old board." The
members were mostly politicians who , had sought
their offices for the purpose either of making places
for would-be teachers or securing a profit on contracts
awarded by the board. As with the present Directors,
the members of the "tough old board" were Demo
crats, many having, prior to election, been of the
"reform',^ variety — loud demandants of low taxation
and honesty in public office.
In its time the "tough old board" aroused much
indignation in and out of the School Department.
The newspapers particularly became white in the face
after every meeting in a fruitless endeavor to record
in cold type the infamies perpetrated by the Directors.
We doubt, however, whether the "tough old board"
was comparable in toughness to the present band of
reform Democrats who are running the School De
partment. The former looted the school fund, con
cluded collusive contracts, packed the department
■\\ iih useless teachers and turned the carpenter-shop
over to Butkley: but in the light of the operations
of the present board the achievements of the "tough
old board" seem conservative and respectable.
The tough band of Democratic reformers who for
two years have been engaging public attention as man
agers of the schools have not only looted the school
fund, concluded collusive contracts and packed the
department with unnecessary teachers, but they have
corrupted grand juries, sold their votes to the highest
bidders for cash, invaded the sanctity of the courts
with their "pull," and in the face of criminal charges
and indictments have laughed in the face of the com
munity.
When John P. Reynolds the other day swore thut
James A. Snook paid School Director Waller $5000
for seven votes in the board with which to pass the
Lincoln School lots lease, the very enormity of the
charge staggered our belief. In fact, the allegation
seemed too frightful to be attached even to a reform
Democratic Board of Education. But the way in
which Reynolds' story has been met by Waller and
his fellow Directors almost proves its truth. No cir
cumstantial denial has been made of it. The accused
men have merely whistled it lightly down the wind,
with every indication that they regard it as a huge
joke.
It is difficult to deal with politicians of this degree
of toughness. They do business with the very
sources of the power that constantly threatens them.
Snook was secretary of the Grand Jury when he em
ployed Reynolds to approach Waller. But there
ought to be some remedy for the state of affairs which
the finances of the School Department and the story
of Reynolds have disclosed to the public. These re
form Democrats ought to be in jail. There is no
doubt about that.
EVANGELINfJ LEAVES US.
ONE of the incidents of the war in Cuba was i
the escape of Evangelina Cisneros from the
island. She got away in the midst of a display
of red fire and a lot of bogus heroism, portrayed at j
space rates by the bogus heroes. Yellow journalism :
started her across the country as a sideshow, but she j
encountered a frost. The box-office was non-produc- j
tive. She was withdrawn as an attraction and mar- \
ricd one of the rescuers. This was supposed to be the !
last of her.
Evangelina has turned up again. Announcement is
made that she has gone back home. This is the final
tcken of peace. No Spanish cohorts were drawn up
to take a shot at her. No gallant Don spitted the
lady on his good sword. The white-winged dove sat
on the cuter wall and cooed a welcome. Probably
the fact that Spain never cared a snap whether Eva
escaped or not had something to do with lack of
demonstration when she went back to beard the
lyin' Blanco in his den.
But there is one remarkable transformation which
merits notice. When she arrived in this country she
was a sawed-ofl brunette suggestive in tint of a dis
ordered liver. She was not beautiful. She did not
possess even the average good looks. Nov., after a
brief residence in the United States, she goes back
to the island, and the truthful journalist describes her
a? beautiful. Probably she feels repaid for all the
trouble to which she has been subjected. If a short
rc-idence in America can make an ugly woman a joy
to the eyes, we have merits as a resort of which we
had never dreamed.
Perhaps the War Department ordered General
Shaffer back to Sr.n Francisco without having con
sulted the Examiner. Still, the order can be annulled.
Even the suicide of the president of a wrecked bank
pays no dividend to depositors.
THE RAILROAD AND POLITICS.
THE Oakland Enquirer considers the question of
the railroad in politics. It proposes to keep
watch and see if signs appear in the form of op
position to or support of any candidate for the United
j States Senate, and take that as a sign of good faith or
! bad on the part of the railroad. Organization implies
power. Politicians always scheme for the support of
any organization, because it controls the force that is
in a "mass of men moved by a common purpose. In
this way the Grand Army of the Republic has been
resorted to by politicians, and was once nearly
wrecked by being subjected to their uses. In this
State the Native Sons and the Young Men's Institute
have been at times regarded as organizations useful to
the politician if they could be captured. In the same
way the railroad has been regarded as a means to se
cure the ends sought by political ambition.
Ambition for office and its honors and power is
such a master motive with many men that rts disap
pointment moves some to reprisal and revenge.
One candidate for the Senate in this State, in an
interview, frankly shows signs of having sounded the
railroad for its support and of having been refused.
He immediately concludes that the support denied to
him will be given to some one else, and thereupon
grows virtuous and indignant over the railroad's dic
tation in politics. Having asked it to dictate his elec
tion and having been refused, he would seem to be
estopped from complaint, since it is no more wrong to
support another than to support him.
Now. suppose that a number of ambitious men go
tc the railroad on the same errand and come away
smarting under refusal, as is quite apt to be the case,
and they pool their revenges and these appear in the
form of "cinches" in the Legislature, the Railroad
Commission, the Board of Equalization and the
courts, then the railroad is driven to defend itself.
In that case there is to the public an apparent entry
of the railroad into politics, and those who have
forced it will bewail it the loudest.
Let politicians keep away from the railroad, cease
urging it to make a choice between them, c|ase to
solicit the power of its business organization as a
force in politics, and then its presence in such matters
will be so willful and flagrant as to be apparent to all
men and will justify unfriendliness on the part of the
people.
The Call has sufficient experience to know that no
campaign was ever freer of railroad influence or help,
financial or otherwise, than the one just finished in
California. It was because the people felt this that
they refused to be stampeded by frantic appeals to
prejudice and passion.
Now let the verdict stand, and let candidates make
their fight openly without solicitation of railroad
support or professions of hostility to it. Individuals
may express their preferences and support them.
Corporations and firms have no aggregate partisan
ship. It is known that individuals in important em
ployment with the railroad supported Bryan and sup
ported Maguire, as was their right.
Doubtless if the railroad were viciously attacked the
same individuals would seek to protect it. The Call
would fight at the drop of a sign of railroad inter
ference in politics, and it would fight as earnestly
c) gainst any attempt to force such interference by
cinchers and blackmailers.
California needs the touch^in amity, of all the in
strumentalities of her prosperity.
On the 19th of December, 1897. The Call signalized
its changed management in the issue of its New Era
edition. It is good to read again the forecast we made
then of the New Era and see how it has been empha
sized by the late election. We said then that:
"Wherever in corporate policy, where that great agent
of civilization, the co-operation of wealth, is neces
sary, there is restraint of individual effort to gain for
tune, that policy must yield not to public prejudice
but to an enlightened and friendly public judgment.
So, too, wherever individual attempts bar the public
good, they must yield, and it must prevail not in the
spirit of anarchy or war upon the rights of person and
property, but in that higher inspiration of good will
toward men." That is a prophetic statement of what
has happened now, and is the laying of a base line
and meridian from which the State has just taken a
fresh start. Let the established conditions stand
while they bring all interests to work as one for the
benefit of the State.
A JUDGE OF GOOD ROADS.
JUDGE STANLEY WOODWARD of Lu
zerne, Pennsylvania, has achieved fame and won
commendation, not only in his own State but
throughout the East, by instructing a Grand Jury
that there were many complaints of bad roads in
various sections of the county and that it was their
duty to inquire into them. He further instructed the
jury that if they found the complaints to, be justified
they should make a return of them to the court, and
the court would then compel the Supervisors to do
their part.
The commendation given to the Judge is due to the
fact that in nearly every county in the United States
there are complaints of bad roads, and his instruc
tions to the Grand Jury give promise of providing
a means of having the complaints properly heeded by
the Supervisors. It is recognized that if the courts
get into the business of road supervision we may get
tetter highways in a comparatively short time.
The subject will be much more interesting when
the Grand Jury makes its report and the Judge sets
about the task of compelling the Supervisors to at
tend to the duty of providing good roads. At present
the situation is one of promise merely. It is gratify
ing to have one Judge in the country who takes an
interest in highway improvement, but until he dem
onstrates his ability to render that interest really ser
viceable the gratification will fall far short of satisfac
tion.
As a matter of fact the improvement of rural high
ways is of so much importance to all parts of the
Union that any potent assistance given to the effort
tc accomplish reform in road management is hailed
with pleasure. There are several counties in Califor
nia where Judges might profitably follow the course
taken by Judge Woodward. Even if Supervisors can
not be made to get a move on they might be com
pelled to squirm a little, and that is better than
nothing.
THE FIRST CUBfiN PROBLEM.
THE first Cuban problem arising from our ap
proaching occupation of the island has made
its appearance, and of course ft is an unexpected
problem. It has nothing to do with the claims of the
Cuban patriots, the property of the Spaniards, the
war debt or the race issue. It is simply the question
whether there is to be or not to be any bull-fighting
in the island while the country is under our control.
It appears that what is known as "The Amalga
mated Association of Cuban Bull Fighters" has sent
to Washington a petition couched in courtly Spanish
eloquence praying the President not to interfere with
the sport when his authority becomes paramount.
In other words, the President is requested to become
something like a patron of the bull ring and to grant
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FIIIDAT, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
his august favor to its continuance as a recreation for
the liberated people and patriots of the beautiful Pearl
of the Antilles.
It will be seen that the issue is a delicate one. The
sports and amusements of a people are not to be
lightly set aside even in the name of humanity. When
the Puritans suppressed bear-baiting and the theater
in England they prepared the way for the return of
the monarchy by alienating- from themselves the affec
tions of a large mass of the common people. The
Cubans would probably much sooner surrender their
sovereignty as a republic than their bull-fights, and if
we wish to enjoy a sociable time in the islands while
we hold them, it will be advisable for us to leave the
bull ring open.
On the other hand, it is not going to be easy for
the President of the United States, or for the generals
of our army of occupation in Cuba, to tolerate a sport
which our people have come to regard as something
brutalizing and barbarous. If the sport could be car
ried on secretly like a faro game we might forbid it
by law and then look the other way when it went on,
but that is impossible. Not even a policeman could
pretend that he did not see a bull ring. It might be
feasible, however, to change the name of the game
from bull-fighting to bull-wrestling and permit a
twenty-round contest for points.
Fortunately our administration of Cuba will be
purely military for some time, at any rate, and we can
tru«t our generals to devise some means of overcom
ing the difficulty. Lord Salisbury recently stated that
the admirals stationed at Crete were better diplo
matists than the statesmen in the Cabinets. We are
likely to find the same to be true of our army officers
in dealing with the problems of managing a'people
whose civilization is so different from our own. We
can leave the issue to them. They may take the bull
by the horns with their own hands, or they may use
their hands to help the pretty Spanish girls applaud
the toreadors. Whichever they do the country will
stand by them.
THE STATE LIBRARY ASSOCIATION.
WHEN the members of the State Library Asso
ciation meet in convention at Sacramento on
the 25th they will find many subjects to en
gage their attention, but it is safe to say not one will
be more important than that of providing for the es
tablishment in this State of that system of traveling
libraries which has been found so beneficial wherever
adopted.
The Call has repeatedly directed attention to this
subject, and the time is appropriate for doing so
again. To render the books of the State Library
available for traveling libraries an act of the Legis
lature will be required. To assure the passage of
such an act something like a campaign of education
will be necessary, and no body of men and women is
better fitted to undertake the work of education than
me State Library Association. The issue is, there
fore, one which should be given earnest consideration
by the convention to the end that every member may
be impressed with its importance to the people of all
sections of the commonwealth.
It must be borne in mind that the supporters of
the traveling library plan are not suggesting to the
State anything in the way of an experiment. It is
not a question of using the books in the State Library
to make a test of some untried scheme. The system
has been tried and thoroughly tested by several of the
most progressive States in the Union. It has been
in operation a long time. It has been found to ful
fill one of the requirements of our American civiliza
tion, and where once it has been established it has de
veloped and grown with remarkable rapidity.
To the State Library Association the people can
surely look for assistance in bringing about the adop
tion of the system in California. When put into opera
tion the plan would result in benefits to every small
library and to every reading circle and literary or
scientific club in the State. It would give to the
people at large the use of the volumes now idle on the
shelves of the library room at Sacramento, and thus
make that institution a vital influence for good, not
in one city only, but throughout the State.
California is sparsely populated, and many of her
citizens are out of reach of libraries; many communi
ties are so small they are unable to afford libraries,
and in some, where libraries exist, the number of
volumes of standard and scientific merit is limited.
To all of these the traveling system will be a veritable
boon of great magnitude. The argument for the
system is so strong that if properly presented its
adoption by the Legislature is hardly to be doubted.
The opportunity for the State Association to render
an important service to the people by urging the
measure is therefore too good to be overlooked.
Probably there is little truth in the statement that
the Cubans are preparing for hostilities against the
Americans. Even inclined to recklessness as they are,
the Cubans will hardly cut themselves off from the
American ration.
Arolas may be murdered by the Spanish soldiers in
Cuba, and while this would not be conventional it
would be just. He himself is a murderer, and not
likely to be executed by any due process of law.
President Valentine of the Wells-Fargo Express
Company submitted to a long interview in New York.
We scan it in vain for any light as to his reason for
refusing to pay his share of the war tax.
When the French have Dreyfus back in Paris prob
ably he will be treated with the ordinary courtesy
due a state prisoner. This will include the placing of
a razor and a pistol in his cell.
The Americans who abandoned the Maria Teresa
will have to explain. The Spanish, who had aban
doned it previously, had so excellent an excuse that
they will not be questioned. ,
With Dr. Gardner as inspector of the Chinese Bu
teau that body seems likely to be no longer employed
in the promotion of the particular crimes it was de
signed to prevent.
A New York clergyman arose from his bed the
other night and killed a burglar. The theory that a
minister is necessarily not a man of action has weak
spots in it.
Becker and Creegan were not convicted of forgery
at their second trial, but they will excuse the public
for entertaining the belief that they ought to have
been. # \
To be expelled from the French Legion of Honor
i? rapidly becoming a distinction of which any French
gentleman has a right to be proud.
The race war in the South will give other countries
an exalted idea of the state of civilization we have
reached.
There would be at least poetic justice in the opera
tion were the Moors to expel the Spanish from Africa.
One consoling thought is that even if the Spanish
dynasty fall it cannot fall far.
WRIGHT WILL
HAVE LITTLE
OPPOSITION
Assured of Election as
Speaker.
RECORD AS A LEGISLATOR
AUTHOR OF THE UNIVERSITY
TAX BILL.
Many Promises of Support Received
From Men of Influence in
All Parts of the
State.
.Reports received from various parts
of the State indicate a general feeling
of satisfaction over the news that the
lower house of the next Legislature
will in all probability be presided over
by Assemblyman Howard E. Wright of
Berkeley. Since the announcement of
his candidacy Mr. Wright's strength
has been growing daily, until it is now
well assured that he will be elected
Speaker by the entire Republican vote
of the Assembly.
Past sessions of the Legislature have I
been so prolific of scandals that there
is a general feeling throughout the
State that at the coming session ihere
should be at the hea 1 of affairs in the
iower house a man who can be depend
ed on to guide the new members over
and around the pitfalls that will be
dug, or can be dug, by an unscrupu
lous lobby or members wh > have a
greater regard for personal advance
ment than they have for the welfare
of the State. Those who entertain such
a feeling do not pretend to criticize the
acts of the gentlemen who have served
in the capacity of Speaker during past
sessions, but they realize that much
depends on the man who holds in his
hands the appointment of committets
and the regulation of all of the busi
ness of this, the most important
branch, in many respects, of the State's
lawmaking body.
The leaders of the Republican party
are also vitally interested in the selec
tion of a Speaker, as they realize that
any scandal or any pernicious legisla
tion would work a great injury in the
minds of the people to the party in
power. It is their desire that every
pledge made during the campaign shall
be carried out in the spirit as well as
the letter, and they also realize that
many powerful influences will be
brought to bear to hinder such a re
sult. This being so they desire that
none but honest and capable men shall
have the immediate direction of the
business of the session, to the end that
the influence of unprincipled politicians
and corporation lobbyists may be re
duced to a minimum.
It is perhaps due as much to his per
sonal popularity as to his eminent fit
ness to perform the duties attached to
the position to which he aspires that
Mr. Wright's candidacy has met with
such instant and widespread approval.
His experience as a legislator has given
him an intimate knowledge of the du
ties that are required of a Speaker, and
the fact that he will have the confi
dence and respect of the men over
whose deliberations he will preside will
serve to lend additional weight to his
authority.
Mr. Wright's work during the last
session of the Legislature in connection
with the introduction and passage of
the university tax bill won for him the
gratitude of every person in the State
who has the interests of higher educa
tion at heart. As the tftithor of the bill
Mr. Wright worked early and late in
its Interest and it was largely due to
his individual efforts that it finally se
cured passage and became a law. By
its provisions the law puts at the dis*
posal of erery child, rich or poor, in the
State an education such as is obtain
able only in a few institutions in the
civilized world. His work in this con
nection was particularly noteworthy
and was of a nature to commend him
to the gratitude of the whole people.
TABLEAUX AND
GOOD MUSIC
First Presbyterian Church
Entertains^for the Bene
fit of a Kindergarten.
The lady members of the society of the
First Presbyterian Church of which Mrs.
F. L.. "Whitney is president, Mrs. George
Smith treasurer, and Mrs. Ashton secre
tary, gave a delightful entertainment yes
terday afternoon at the home of Mrs.
Carl C. Gross, 2514 Green street, for the
benefit of the Nathaniel Grey Kindergar
ten.
About two hundred well-known society
people lent their presence to the affair
which proved a financial and a brilliant
artistic success. Mrs. Gross, Mrs. Whit
ney, Mrs. Ashtnn. Mrs. George Smith
Mrs. C. S. Wright, Mrs. Robert Macken
zie, Mrs. John Flournoy, Mrs. Rebecca
Jennings, Mrs. Robert Howland, Mrs
Norwood, Mrs. Clement Bennett, Mrs
John Conrad and Mrs. John Gilmore offi
ciated as a reception committee. A fea
ture of the affair was the excellent musi
cal programme and a series of tableaux
"Passing Scenes from the Bible " in
which the Misses Polly and Jennie Dunn
Miss Mabel Smith, Miss Norwood Miss
Grace Geiselman, Misses Emily and Susie
Conley and Miss Muriel Whimple took
part. The pictures presented were the
"Finding of Moses," "Expulsion of Ha
gar," "Cupbearer to the King," and the
"Betrothal of Solomon."
OPENING OF
ThjE SYMPHONIES
Thet Symphony Society commenced the
new season of concerts in the Orpheum
yesterday afternoon with a varied and
Interesting programme find a numerous
audience. The Orpheum, with its stage
liberally extended, is an admirable house
for the concerts. The seats are so many
that everybody can pick out a good one,
and the acoustics is excellent— as good If
not better than that of the Tivoli. The
one drawback is the aroma of last night's
beer, which lingers rather heavily in the
atmosphere; but perhaps better ventila
tion will do away with this by the next
lim £- Ti c Programme of yesterday began
with \Venpr s "Jubel" overture and tnded
wit; Massenet's "Scenes Neopolitalneg "
neither of which pieces is new to San
Francisco. The novelties were Tsi-halk
owskys Fourth Symphony and Bach's
Overture and Suite in A minor. A more
startling contrast hardly could have been
arranged. The Tschaikowsky is one of
the last cries of modernity, full of sensa
tional rhythms and bold color, and em
ploying almost every device known to the
modern orchestra. The Bach, which is for
strings with flute solo, is thoroughly
Bachlike, clean and direct in theme and
chastely mathematical in development
Mr. Scheel's successful Interpretation of
both works was another tribute to his
versatility and authority. He played the
Tschaikowsky with nothing short of in
spiration, bringing out all the nervous
force and peculiar dramaisms of the
piece, and yet never slighting the sheer
tune and lilt that abound in every meas
ure. The Bach suite he read with charm
ing simplicity and sympathy. His accent
was true, even reverential, and still it
was never trite and pedantic. The band
was in eager form, and answered to the
last man. Mr. Roderman, the flautist,
again distinguished himself, this time in
the Bach piece. The next concert will be
given on the afternoon of December 1,
with Schumann's B flat symphony and
Tschalkowsky's "Romeo and Juliet" over
ture for special attractions.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge N. Blackstock of Ventura is at
the Grand. •
J. A. Smith, an extensive rancher of
Arbuckle, is at the Russ. ,
James F. Peck, a well-known Merced
attorney, is at the Lick.
Senator T. L. Carothera and wife of
Uklah are at the Grand.
Ross Sargent, a well-known Stockton
capitalist, is at the Russ.
Senator John Boggs of Colusa is among
recent arrivals at the Palace.
United States Marshal H. Z. Osborn of
L«s Angeles is at the Palace.
F. J. Brandon, the well-known San
Jose politician, is at the Lick.
F. L. Hartmann of Mexican mining
fame is a guest at the California.
W. R. Spalding, an extensive lumber
man of Truckee, is stopping at the Lick.
W. M. Boardman, an extensive real es
tate owner of Menlo Park, is at the Russ.
George E. Church, a prominent Fresno
merchant, is registered at the California.
George D. Easton, a prominent mer
chant of Los Angeles, is at the Califor
nia.
Captain Moses of the Albatross is down
from Mare Island and registered at the
Occidental.
F. L. Landram, a prominent Merced
merchant, accompanied by his wife, is
at the Russ.
D." W. Lewis, one of Sanger's most
prominent citizens, is among recent ar
rivals at the Russ.
Dr. Pedar Sather Bruguiere, Interne at
the City and County Hospital, has gone
to New York for his health.
Edward Pettis, representing Peek,
Frean & Co. of London, one of the larg
est cracker -ouses in the world, is regis
tered at the Palace on his way around the
world.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— Louis Green
baum and A. Liebenthal of San Francisco
are at the Hoffman, and W. W. Naugh
ton of San Francisco is at the Gilsey.
STILL PROBING THE
STEAMER COLLISION
EVIDENCE AS TO CONFUSING
SIGNALS OF THE PETERS.
Captain George W. oeaman of the
Czarina Gives Clear Testimony
in Regard to Courses.
The official inquiry into the cause of the
Peters-Czarina collision was continued
yesterday morning before Inspectors
Bolles and Bulger.
Will Johnson, the first witness of the
day, is "the engineer at the stone quarry
on Angel Island. He was at supper when
he heard two coarse whistles and then a
shrill one. He heard two whistles again
answered, but with how many blasts he
did not know. Then the crash came, and
he saw a white light which seemed to be
high up.
Attorney Frank brought out the fact
that there was a hill to the north of the
dining-room, and unless a favorable wind
was Dlowing the sound of a whistle
blown to the north could not be heard.
Fred Pearl was playing a game of cards
in the quarry-house at the time. He
heard two whistles, followed by one, then
two, and the crash came. If the vessels
had whistled when they were a mile
apart he thought he would have heard
them.
Caatain George W. Seaman of the Czar
ina was recalled and asked as to the
courses he steered for "Vallejo. His course
around the Brothers was southeast one
half south, five degrees east of the devia
tion. Abreast of Raccoon Straits he
steered southeast by south, 6 degrees east
of deviation. He did not lose sight of the
red and green lights of the Peters until a
few seconds before the collision. The
vessels would not have cleared had the
Peters blown four whistles and backed
after she sounded two whistles the second
time, as the steamers were too close to
together, -v
When Seaman said that he had blown
one whistle and the Peters blew one, fol
lowed by two. Stanley Page asked him
what he" thought about the contrary sig
nals. Seaman replied:
"I thought the captain of the Peters in
tended to go one way and then changed
his mind."
In reply to a question by Inspector
Bolles why he had not blown four
whistles and backed when he realized the
confusion of whistles on the Peters, he
said: . _ , ,
"There was no time to do so. I wished
to show the other vessel that I was port
ing my helm and obeying the road rules.'
This morning Captain Houldsworth of
the Peters will be recalled and his chief
engineer will take the stand.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SHERIFF OF YOLO— G. W. Griffin was
re-elected Sheriff of Yolo County at the
election held November 8, 1898. His plur
ality was 238.
MENDOCINO'S AUDITOR— W. B. 8.,
City F. L. Caughey was elected Auditor
of Mcndoclno County at the election held
November 8, 1898.
THREE NAVIES— B. R.. City. The
navy of Great Britain embraces 520 Bea
worthy vessels of all classes; that of Ger
many 184 vessels; that of France 211 and
that of Russia 232.
POSTAGE TO HAWAII— W. F. P.,
City. As yet no change has been made as
to postage to the Hawaiian Islands. Let
ters for civilians must pay 5 cents, while
letterß for soldiers require but 2 cents.
ENGLISH COINS— A. J. X., City. Wil
liam 111 reigned in England in 1701. Dur
ing that year there were coined in Eng
land half, one, two and five guinea pieces,
half crowns, shillings, one, two, three,
four and six penny pieces and quarter and
half pennies.
TO ST. ELI AS— A. O. R., Sonora, Cal.
The Duke of AbruzEi, Prince Louis of
Savoy, reached San Francisco June 3,
1897, on his way to make the ascent of
lit St. Elias. He went to Seattle and
left there June 13 on the City of Topeka
for Alaska on his way to the mountain.
He returned to Seattle August 26, en route
for the East.
SUGAR AND IRON— C, City, feo far
as experience goes, there does not appear
to be any perceptible difference in weights
at the poles or as near as has been
reached, from weights at the equator.
If a pound of sugar and a pound of iron
balance each other at the equator they
will balance at the poles.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE— Harriet.
Valona, Cal. This department has not
been able to find any record of who
brought the first Chinese and the first
Japanese to North America and to the
United States. There is a belief that the
Chinese drifted over to the northern part
of the American continent long before
the Whites ever settled upon it.
INNKEEPER'S LIABILITY-C. B. H.,
Sacramento, Cal. The law of California
in relation to the liability of an Innkeeper
is that "an innkeeper is liable for all
losses of or injuries to personal property
placed by his guests under his care, un
less occasioned by an irresistible super
human cause, by a public enemy, by the
negligence of the owner or by the act of
some one he has brought into the inn."
PHELAN'S MAJORITY— L. C. City.
Until the official canvass is concluded in
San Francisco it will be impossible to
state what majority James D. Phelan
received for the office of Mayor at the
election held November 8, 1898. At the
election held in 1896 he received 29,066,
which gave him a majority over the next
highest candidate of 8306. At the last held
election the semi-official returns credit
him with 26,910. which gives him a major
ity of 3194 over his next highest opponent.
PAGO-PAGO
CONTRACTORS
START WORK
Steel Piles to Be Made
at Pittsburg.
TOTAL COST TO BE $200,000
CONTRACTS FOB CAST IRON TO
BE LET HERE.
Healy, Tibbets & Co. Prepared to
Start the Expedition in Febru
ary—Forty Men Will Bo
Taken From Here.
The contractors for the Pago-Pago
coaling station. Messrs. Healy, Tibbets
& Co. of this city, are already well under
way with their work. Although the con
tract was only let a couple of months ago,
all the preliminary preparations are now
completed, and the work of manufactur
ing the piles and other material required
for the wharf and coaling sheds is about
to commence.
It is a pretty big contract and will
mean the expenditure of a good deal of
money on this coast. The tender origin
ally accepted by Commander Tanner was
for 5142,000, but since then the Naval De
partment has decided to add five bents
to the T piece of the wharf, lengthening
its eighty feet. This means an additional
outlay of $21,000. Then there is the grad
ing and concrete work ashore to prepare
the foundations for the coal sheds and
caretaker's houße. This is paid for by
measurement, at so much a cubic yard.
Altogether the work will cost Uncle Sara
at least $200,000.
"We have all our drawings completed,"
said Mr. Healy yesterday. "We hay«
had six draughtsmen at work ever since
our tender was accepted. We have let the
contract for the manufacture of the steel
piles and material for the superstructure
and sheds to the Carnegie Steel Company,
Limited, of Pittsburg."
Thus the biggest and most profitable
portion of the work goes East, away from
this coast, but this is unavoidable under
the present conditions of trade. No Call
fornlan firm is prepared to compete with
the steel makers of the Eastern cities.
The contract made by the Carnegie firm is
for the manufacture of 2,800,000 pounds of
steel, principally piling. The piles are of
all sizes, some of them with screws, for
boring through sand, others with sharp
ends, for driving through the coral rock.
The largest piles will be eight and three
quarter inches in diameter and seventy
feet long, weighing over seven tons.
Lieutenant Chambers, who is represent
ing the Government in this matter, left
iast night for Pittsburg to supervise the
manufacture of the steel work. With him
went J. B. Leonard, an engineer employed
by the contractors. These gentlemen will
keep their eye on the manufacturers from
beginning to end of the process, and will
take caie that nothing but the very beat
material is turned out.
Still, California is to get something. The
CDntracts for all the cast-iron work are to
be let here. Shoes for the piles, bltts for
the wharf and various other minor arti
cles have to be made, and these will
amount to about 350,000 ' pounds in weight
and $10,000 in value. The method of trans
portation has not yet been decided upon.
"We would prefer," remarked Mr.
Healy, "to send everything in one vessel
from this coast; but considerations of
time may render this impossible, and it
.may become necessary to ship the steel
work manufactured in the East from New
York by steamer. The rest of the ma
terial would then go frojn this coast in a
sailing vessel. But if we can manage to
get every thing across the continent in
cars it would be better, tor the whole
expedition would then leave San Fran
cisec in one ship.
"V.'c have to complete the work by Sep
tember next, so there is no time to lose.
The ship must start in February or March
next. Mr. Tibbets of our firm will go
down in charge of the party, which will
consist of the engineers and forty skilled
mechanics. For the rougher laboring
work we expect to employ natives. Once
we get the material tended it will take us
about four months to erect the wharf.
"The coaling shed alone will be a big
piece of work. It is to be about 150 feet
long by 100 feet wide, and will accommo
date several thousand tons of coal, l'he
wharf will be 256 feet long, with a T piece
352 feet. Then there is a house for the
caretaker and all kinds of subsidiary
work. There is plenty to be done in the
time."
IF I WERE KING.
If I were king, my pipe should be premier.
The skies of time and chance are seldom
clear.
We would inform them all with bland
blue weather.
Delight alone would need to shed a tear,
For dream and deed should war no more
together.
Art should aspire, yet ugliness be dear;
Beauty, the shaft, should speed with w"it
for feather;
And love, sweet love, should never fail to
sere,
If I were king.
But politics should find no harbor near,
The Philistine should fear to slip his
tether;
Tobacco should be duty free, and beer;
In fact, in room of this, the age of
leather,
An age of gold all radiant should appear.
If I were king. .
—Henley, in "Lyra Nicotina,"
FUN FOB THE FALL.
"Jack was poor and Clara persuaded me
to marry him; she said a true woman al
ways married for love.
"Well?"
"Then' she went and fell in love with *
rich man." .
TT h man S who er t°akes a cold bath every
morning."
"Bobby won't you give a. penny to help
to help build Lafayette a monument?'
"Norn. not unless we get his birthday
fer a hol\erday."
"My employer is so queer; I can't tell
when he's pleased."
"Well, you can tell when he's displeased,
can't you?"'
"My wife and I take turns paying the
gas bills."
"How does it work?"
"Doesn't work at all; It is always my
<iurn."
Cal. glace frau 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery' street. Telephone Main 1042. •
As lovers quite frequently do;
They'd said "Good night" a score of times.
But still they were not through.
How different some people's natures are;
For her father, big and gruff,
Said it hut once at the head of the stairs,
But tnat once was quite enough.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Han been used over flftv years by millions of
mother* for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pals, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For Bale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL. DEL COROXADO— Take advantage
of the round-trlr tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Commercial lunch. 11 to 2. Among the Bm>
rels. MS Market ut._____ __ .-., ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Are You Overworked, Tired, Depressed?
1
THEN TRY
MARIANI WINE — The Famous Tonic for Body and Brain,
FROM THE PHYSICIAN TO MARIANI WINE
His Imperial Majesty, the Sxltan. giyes STRENQTH T0
Sliiilf% Overworked Men,
Wk Delicate Women,
I £@h®&f& Sickly Children,
l^^S^^AA <^^W*» Dispels WEAKNESS
jS ■#tfo »^^^ from whatever causes.
/^^^^^^^^^^]W-^^r^-) Marlanl Wine gives power to the brain,
t^^^ft^J&rt^£^^^Msl'mi^^', strength and elasticity to the muscles and rich-
t'■<lHHsS&j#£s!*^K*t '■<IHHsS&j#£5!*^K* • xSS^ JU'iy 1 2*Sa ness t0 lne blood. It Is a promoter of good
ifflß^ll^Wr'Jn y^t'ei %« ' health and longevity. It Is a supremely Kroat
MVff&SKSamcSiii&ft Sfflr^S^SnT^" tonic, which has received the Indorsements of
YySjß^^fvJ^SS^S^^m^^^ : *s'.' ' more than SOOO American physicians.
' '■ bBHT "SVWp^^lWp^rr:^? SPECIAL NOTICE— AII indorsements cited in
* "T^-JKSI ■?**>,, *>?D *•' .' our advertisements «re absolutely bona-flde.
The originals are on file and will be cheer-
YILDIZ PALACE, CONSTANTINOPLE. fully submitted to the inspection of any and
Sworn enemy of the many proprietary mcdi- aI A °Ri>^M P ar y ia n n i' Wine contains absolutely
tines which have of late years invaded the no injurious properties. It benefits all and in-
world, and whose only object is gain for the Jures none. A reward of $500 Is offered for
proprietors. I make an exception in favor of information leading to the arrest and convic-
one preparation as meritorious a, I. ha* been «£J S^SS^TSSSS^JTSSLSS^t^
far-reaching in its good. I refer to Yin Marl- the well established reputation of "YIN MA-
eni, which, owing to Its valuable fortifying RIANI." MARIANI & CO.
qualities, has conferred benefits upon weak To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
and suffering humanity. I therefore add my & CO., 52 West 15th street. New York City,
approval and praise to this highly meritorious wlll be 9€nt > free > book containing portraits
nrenaration MAVROGFVY PipHi " with indorsements of Emperors, Empress,
preparation. MAiKUI.tNY PACHA, Pr i ces. Cardinals, Archbishops and other in-
Physician in Chief to the Sultan of Turkey, terestlng matter.
Paris— Boulevard Haussmann; London— Mortimer St.; Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital st.
POO OHO 00000000 CTO O O Q
%v.f PALACE «">i
IGRAND hotels o
BAI* FOiAHCIBCO.
*r Connected by a covered passageway. **
** 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. °
0 All Under One Management. 0
0 NOTE THE PRICES: Q
D European Plan. SI .OO per day and upward M
American PIan. (IS. OO per day and upward
0 Correspondence Solicited. n
A JOHK 0. EIBSPATRICK, Manager. -
0-00000000000000000
SLAVES LANDED
UNDER NAMES OF
REPUTABLE MEN
Chinese Firm Is Made
Sponsor.
DARING TRICK OF A BROKER
TRIES TO IMPORT A FEMALE
CHATTEL SERF.
The Fraud Exposed by the Merchants
Whose Names Had Been Made
Use of by the Im
postor.
One of the most daring attempts on rec
ord to effect the landing of a Chinese fe
male slave was made in this city a few
days ago.
A Chinaman giving the name of Fong
Cheong obtained a writ of habeas corpus
for the landing of his daughter, Fong Gim
Toy, a girl of 16 years. Cheong testified
before Commissioner Heacock that he was
a partner in the firm of Coon Yuen of Sac
ramento and that the girl was born in
that city.
The girl herself testified that she was
born at the place stated and that the wit
ness, Fong Cheong, was her father. The
case was continued for more evidence,
there being a contradiction in some mat
ters between the testimony of the girl and
that of her reputed father. Pending the
decision of the ease the folowing- letter
was received by Collector Jackson:
I beg to inform you that by the steamer
Gaelic on her last trip to your port, among
other Chinamen there arrived one who gave
the name of Coon Yuen, who had two wo
men with him. They are now awaiting a
landing, having, aa I learned, resorted to
a writ of habeas corpus.
Now, I wish to Ftate that this man Is
lmx.osing on the Government by attempting
to land fraudulently. He gave his name a»
Cor.n Yuen and aa a rodent of this city
(Sacramento;. Hit name is not Coon Yuen,
a* there i« but one Chinaman of that name
in this city, and that 1b my company or
store narr.p. Upsides, he claims, as I am
informed, that the two women with him
are hi« wl!> and daughter. I have a wife
in China but I have n-.»r sent for her, and
hhe is «till In thai country. I hope you will
see that a strict Investigation i« made Into
this case and that tins man and his women
are not allowed t<» land, as there are too
many frauds cummin*.! by detuning Im
postors c>n Chinamen who wish to ol.ey the
law* and again I don't want the name of
my firm to be used as a means by which
such creatures may come ashore, nor to re
peat the crime at some future date. Hoping
that I may be able to prevent thlß fellow's
imposition. I am very respectfully
COOK YUEN, by FONG CHEONG.
The writer of the foregoing made a mis
take when he said that the false Fong-
Cheong was also on the iteatner. He is
in this city and was simpiy trying to land
the girl by the usual method of ciiine.se
perjury. The genuine Fong Cheor.K of
Sacramento and his partner, Fong Glng
of the Jinn of Coon Yuen, told their sto
ries to Commissioner Heacock yesterday
afternoon. Thoir cross examination by-
Walter J. TuFka, counsel for the false
Fong Cheong. failed to shake them in the
least. Then Mr. Tuska asked for a con
tinuance and saifl that he would produce
his client. Fong- Cheong. in court. A con-
Mnuance was taken until Monday, when it
fs not expected the false Cheong will be
visible.
WTLL OF MISER BERBERICH.
Gives His Widow But One Dollar of
His Big Estate.
T.ie will of Prank Berberlch, the aged
miser who died in his little hovel on Bush
street, near Dupont, Tuesday night, was
filed for probate yesterday. The estate
consists of $19,000 on deposit in various
banks and some personal property.
The will direct* that $1 be paid by the
executors of the will to the widow of de
cedent. Mrs. Mary A. Berberieh. living at I
Allegheny City. Pa. The residue of the I
r-ptate is to be divided In two shares, one
half to be- paid to a son of the testator,
Frank J. Berberkh, who is residing with
his mother, the other half to be divided
between the children of four sisters and
three brothers, all residing in the Grand
Duchy of Baden. The will of the dc-ad mis
er was offered for probate by Public Ad
ministrator Freeee, who Is taking steps to
\ 1 Jfl B^^^NO KNIFE or PAIN
Jpj « flf No Pay Until Cured
&^ fiS Auy lump in a wo-
f^H^frra "man's breast is can-
cer. The poison
|^L^ quickly goes to arm-
jfiUk 1 - if large it is too
jdP^^M SF^Vl iate - Men ' s face and
jf m Il'ip a common place.
m_A# _^. \ 80-PAGE Book sent
"■■-^ ■"""'^ free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Fraud.
, S. R. CHAMIEY, M. D., 23 &25 Third St , n'r Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
locate the heirs at law. Letters of in
quiry have been sent to Alleghany Clty
for that purpose.
EDWARD GABTLAND IN JAIL.
Arrest of tie Man Who Crueliy
Stabbed a Horse With a
Pitchfork.
Officers Hooper and McCurry of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
I Animals yesterday arrc-Pted Edward Gart
land for cruelty to a horse. The man lives
at 632 Post street. This case has attract
ed much attention because of the fiendish
ness of the crime. Gartland has been
employed by James C Christensen, who
keeps a coal yard at 209 Ellis street. For
a long time the man has been on friendly
terms with Christensen's family. A week
ago Gartland wanted to use his friend's
telephone, but was refused, Christensen
saying that the fellow was too drunk to
handle the phone. Gartland at once went
downstairs to the stable and began to
stab Christensen's horse with a^pltchfork
the animal being fastened wiin a short
rope in a stall.
R. C. Wilkie, the real estate man, wit
nessed the brutality and notified the own
er of the poor beast. By the tlm* tho
weapon was taken from Gartland the
horse's hind quarters were covered with
blood running from many wounds
Owing to the fact that Gartland has
prominent relatives and for other reasons
Chriptensen refused to prosecute the of
fender and Wllkle was urged not to swear
to a warrant of arrest. The publication of
the outrage In The Call caused many of
the patrons of the coal dealer to demand
that he prosecute Gartland. He yielded
unwillingly to the demands, and* Gart
land's arrest followed, Wilkie swearing to
the warrant. The horse has been in a
most pitiable condition since being in
jured and it will be days before it will be
able to work again.
POLICEMEN FINED.
Several of Them Before the Commis-
sioners Charged With Vari
ous Offenses.
The Police Commissioners Wednesday
fined Officer Wimam Isaacs $25 for being
off his beat. Patrick Perry, charged with
inefficiency, had his case dismissed. Pat
rick Coughran was fined $10 and Charles
Green $25 for visiting a saloon while on
duty. Frank C. Howard. John Lewis and
Smith Carr were fined* $r> each for violat
ing the section relative to leaving the city
without the permission of the Chief of
Police. The men attended the races at
Oakland and failed to report at the
proper time. Several letters were read
indorsing Jerry Dlnan and Tom Gibson
for detectives, caused by the doath of
Joseph Bee, and the promotion of John
Seymour to the position of captain. By
request the appointments were laid over
until after the return of Commissioner
Tobln, who is no- in the East.
. — — m
A Better Investment Than Hawaiian
Commercial Stock.
The public is now talking about the
fortunate investors who bought the
above stock for $15 a share, which is
now selling for nearly $60, but this in
vestment is not to be compared with
the investment made for one single dol
lar by F. Vette, a grocer, corner of
O'Farrell and Jones streets, San Fran
cisco, Cal. He purchased for $1 a quar-
t r ticket. No. 37,839, in the lottery of
the Beneflcencla Publica Company of
the City of Mexico, in the October 27
drawing, which number drew the capi
tal prize of $60,000, making Mr. Vette's
share $15,000. This prize of $15,000 was j
promptly paid at the office of Metzger |
& Franklin. 35 New Montgomery street, i
San Francisco, Cal.
The lottery of the Beneflcencia Pub
lica Company is popular on this coast
for the reason that so many capital i
prizes are constantly won here.
Another reason is that the public j
know that this Is the only authorized j
lottery In Mexico, and is guaranteed j
and protected by that Government.
The drawings are conducted publicly
under the auspices of the Government, :
which appoints Senator Apolinar Cas- ;
tillo intervenor and Antonio Perez for !
I the Treasury Department, and is con
j ducted under the able management of
j U. Bassettl.
St. Mary's Square Association.
The officials of the St. ■: Mary's Square
Association are making strenuous efforts
to raise sufficient money to : pay for the
proposed site of the square. .The city has
appropriated 175.000 and there yet remains
to be- raised $50,000. The - officers of the
association are: - George D. Shadburne
president: Frederick Hess,' vice president;
A. H. R. Schmidt, c secretary; Rev. Father
Michael Otis, treasurer. -
■ ♦ ■ .... .
Spanish Interpreter Appointed.
A. de la Torre Jr. has been appointed
Spanish interpreter for the Immigration
Commissioner by the Civil Service Com
mission, he having recently passed a cred
itable examination.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
"MAN OVERBOARD."
James Kane, boatswain of the Norma, fell overboard from the lower topsail yard while
the vessel was on her way here from Antwerp. The bark was sailing about six
knots an hour at the time, yet the yards were backed, a boat lowered, Kane picked
up, the boat hoisted aboard and the vessel on her course again, all inside of twenty
m invites.
CLEVER WORK
ON THE BARK
NORMA AT SEA
Man Overboard Res
cued Quickly.
THEY HAD A GREAT SCARE
BARK NELLIE BRETT STOPPED
BY A SPANISH CRUISER.
Inspecting the State Commissions.
The Steamer City of Columbia
May Reach Seattle
After All.
The British ship Norma, which arrived
from Antwerp last Wednesday night, had
an eventful voyage. She was a partici
pant in "the regatta" held off the Horn
on September 1; her wheelhouse and
wheel were carried away in a storm; the
boatswain fell overboard and was res
cued, and one of the crew died and was
buried at sea. The picking up of the
boatswain was probably as smart a piece
of seamanship as was ever performed on
the ocean.
The ship was moving through the water
at the rate of six knots an hour when
the cry "A man overboard!" was raised.
Captain McDonnell hove the ship to, low
ered a boat, picked up the man, brought
him aboard and put the vessel on her
course again all inside of twenty minutes.
"That's an object lesson for our ferry
boat captains," said an old sea captain.
"When a man falls overboard from their
vessels they generally pick him up on
the return trip."
The Norma left Antwerp with a general
cargo 147 days ago. She made a good pas
sage to the Horn and rounded that point
in company with nine other vessels. A
number of them were bound for San
Francisco, but all of them arrived here
before the Norma. From the Horn to lat
itude 46 south, longitude 86 weet, a succes
sion of northwest gales was encountered,
and on September 24 a sea broke aboard
that carried away the wheel and did other
damage. From that place to port the
Norma was steered by her auxiliary gear.
Early in October the Norma was rolling
along before a steady breeze at a 6-knot
clip when James Kane, the boatswain,
fell overboard. He was on the lower top-
Ball yard and instead of resting on the
footrope he put his feet on the topsail
sheet. The clewlines were not made fast,
so as soon as his weight came on the
sheet it gave and away he went. The ves
sel was hove-to and the dingy lowered
with three men in it. By this time Kane
was a quarter of a mile away, but swim
ming strongly after the ship. It did not
take the boat long to cover the quarter of
a mile, and inside of twenty minutes Kane
was back aboard and the Norma was once
more on her course.
On October 3 Jacob Edlln, an African
died of consumption and was buried at
sea. He had been ailing almost from the
time the ship left Antwerp, but did not
suffer much.
The British bark Nellie Brett has ar
rived at Auckland, New Zealand, in safe
ty. She was formerly an American vessel
having been built at Bath, Me., in 1870,
but was sold to New Zealand parties and
put under the English flag before she
nailed from New York last May with a
general cargo. She was so long in making
the voyage that fears were entertained for
j her safety and 50 per cent reinsurance
was paid on her.
According -to a private letter received
! from Auckland by the Moana, the Nellie
Brett had a lively time with the Spanish
auxiliary cruiser Alphonse XIII. The
bark was becalmed in latitude 27.55 north,
longitude 41.41 west, when a steamer bore
down on her. When close to the Nellie
Brett the steamer ran up a signal, but
Captain Lowry paid no attention to it, as
he could not make it out, until a shot was
fired across his bows, when he ran up the
English ensign. A boat was lowered from
the Alphonse XIII and manned with an
officer and interpreter and twelve men, all
heavily armed. The interpreter was one
of the cruiser's engineers, and, as Captain
Lowry calls him, "a, ' Scotch renegade."
When the boarding party got* on the
deck of the bark a demand was made for
the ship's papers. The crew list was
scanned, and then it was seen that Cap
tain Lowry was the only American among
them. Next the main hatch was taken
off and the cargo examined for contra
band of war, and last of all the liag
locker was overhauled, and when the of
ficer saw the British ensign and the jack
he appeared satisfied.
Before leaving, the Spanish officer told
Captain Lowry he was not to attempt to
make sail until he saw hie boat hoisted
aboard the cruiser. "It took them a long
time to consider," said Captain Lowry,
when telling about the incident, "for the
boat was alongside nearly half an hour
before she was hoisted up, and I was
mighty glad to see her screws revolving
and the Alphonso XIII heading In another
direction from my course."
The British bark Inverlochy arrived
here from Newcastle, N. S. W., in the
smart passage of sixty-eight days yester
day. The British ship Fannie Kerr and
the French dark General Neumeyer left
the same port for San Francisco neany
a fortnight before her, and both of them
only reached the Farallones yesterday.
A private letter from Hilo, H. 1., re
ceived yesterday, says that there is a
chance of the steamer City of Columbia
continuing her voyage to Puget Sound
after all. "She; is leaking a good deal and
is in a b&d way generally," says the
writer; "but I think they will at least get
her to Honolulu. Her owners want to
condemn her, but the underwriters are
going to put her in shape and send her on
to Seattle. The captain has had all ne
wants of her, however, and says no power
on earth will induce him to go to sea in
her again."
Dr. Hill, surgeon of the Harbor Receiv
ing Hospital and Coroner-elect, leaves on
the Santa Rosa to-morrow for a vacation
in Los Angeles County. The genial medico
Is worn out after his severe campaign,
and is going to take a much needed rest.
The many friends of Customs Inspector
Sprague were condoling with him yester
day over the loss of his little daughter.
The child— Olive Montrose Sprague— died
at the Springbrook farm, near Los Gatos,
yesterday, and her father was notified by
telegram of the sad fact.
General Dickinson and Secretary Frank
Brandon of the committee appointed to
investigate all State commissions by the
last Senate were at the Harbor Commis
sion yesterday. The other members of the
committee were expected, but did not put
in an appearance, so but lixtle was done.
Chief Engineer Holmes told of the work
done by the board and the condition in
which the seawall and belt railroad were
at present. To-day the subject of extend
ing the seawall south to the Mail dock
will be taken up.
Special Notice.
One application of Smith's Dandruff
Pomade stops itching scalp; three to six
applications removes all dandruff. Price.
50 cents; at all drug stores; sample sent
free by Smith Bros.. Fresno, Cal. •
Precita Parlor's Anniversary.
Precita Parlor No. 187, Native Sons of
the Golden West, celebrated its sixth an
niversary Tuesday night by a grand ball
in Mission Parlor Hall. The attendance of
members of the Parlor and other Native
Sons and handsome Native Daughters
and friends of the membership was large,
and during the grand march in the ex
ceedingly artistically decorated hall pre
sented a decidedly attractive appearance.
There was a select programme of eighteen
dances and excellent music. The func
tion was under the direction of the follow
ing committees: Committee of arrange
ments—C. H. Buck, H. S. Spaulding, W. C.
Miller, D. J. Wren, J. M. Hickey. O. L.
Thomas, A. "Wallace. Reception commit
tee—Dr. G. N. Van Orden. F. E. Sehober,
A. Wehrmann. J. J. Flynn, J. J. Caplace,
C. Wagner, J. E. Behan. Floor manager —
J. M. Hanley. Assistant floor manager—
C. H. Cavanaugh.
The Fruit Growers' Convention.
A mass and delegate meeting- of pro
ducers of perishable products has been
called to meet at Fresno on Wednesday,
November 30, 1898, at 1:30 p. m., for the
purpose of creating a permanent organiza
tion to represent the producers in connec
tion with the free public market in San
Francisco, and select the officers thereof.
All organized bodies of producers have
been invited to send delegates, and indi
vidual producers are also requested to at
tend and take part. This convention is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OP © ®®®®®®®®®®® ®® ®®®®®®®®®®®®® ® ®_
I CURED OF RHEUMATISM.!
© — — ®
© . /Kw dT\ «* aines Bepe of Tres Pinos, I
I jß^^ ;^\ V- CaL, Cnred of Rheßraatlsffl 1
® lv\#. }N^ After Suffering 34 Years. ®
S SaM^ ..^''X i 1 ."- -■ •• Tres Plnos. C«l. ®
® WnB&L^L \ V. I DR - A T - BANT>EN— Dear Sir: I stand (J)
i») VUGtißrt ©■ ready to testify to having been cured of _
X. iBk i i «fcg *"<3»>r rheumatism of thirty-four years' standing 09
® InWt * 0 !! '*r!i^f!» *"- v your "Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt." It fa
(S\ By I \ & *El^ mm ~3rJl&& as completely cured me after doctors and
E^'* v * •%_ 7 j/^'SJSO^ remedies had failed, for which lam very ®
(i; W I A mßmfftf thankful and will be more than pleased to
~ ■ fi^i 'j « I *t 4t<mKlf maks It known to any one who ie troubled
® i "3\ .\1 I */ I «?^i^^^ v as l was - I was also suffering with mdi- m
ft I \WN"L^lip l*&2BmJms«!L<& gestlon and heart trouble of the worst kind. **
V I Ji|BuEMElls»tsr/ vse&s&!3R&sWßßr lam now entirely free from pain and feel Q
® I I ilm''^** t iT b/ '^^ better than I have for thirty-four years. "f
fa Ik r^ AjiPlffaatKMßSt -Bf My wife wore the Belt for a short time, (9
- Kant. and I &m pleased to say ,it has done more a
'$. WBBL. ■ '" MHamuKSSifiaLMiaiKm \ . -tor her thAt i medicine c* medical aid could ;?
/-> !g--;-IH>^ - 2*^7l, UKwH&3&S££IBHH ever do. I honestly recommend the Belt to <M
® -ISSw V\af " ' 'S^mßmKS^ alt ™Itenr*, and feel confident It will ac- /a
Si MB»' .'" > "* " ' ICIJgrTtmSfBMT . complleh what It has done for me. Yours • ■«■
X '.. "■ "llUlWiinl ■ rery truly, JAMES BEQUE. '(3
® . Tres Pino«. Cal. g
5 Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. I
® There Is nothing. so penetrating, nothing so invigorating, nothing that 13 -
« v will j relieve the pain and stiffness as speedily, as , DR. SANDEN'S ELEC- 9
y: TRIC BELT. .Its cures are numbered by the thousands. Every day <3
® brings fresh proof of its power. ?If you ; have Rheumatism, Lame: Back,: a
® Sciatica, Lumbago or Weakness; in the .Nerves or/ Vital Organs, you 2
(3) ought to consult Dr. Sanden.v- He will tell you whether his Belt will cure
,5, you ■ and : give r you advice free. - If you ■>• cannot . call, send for the free 0
«, book, "Three Classes of . Men," which will be sent - sealed to address : for Q
)r the asking. Don't put; it off. 'Act to-day. : There is nothing more . im- @
! . ® portant than your health. Call or. address Q
| DR. A. X. SANDEN, '''"* -■■■• - - ~ * ®
® 702 Market Street, Cornet Xekray, Baa rrinoiiw. NOT IN DRUG STORES. ®
(S) Of floe hours, ta.m.to 8 p. m.: Sundays, l» t__ B.nde^lKlectrlc^t ,' (f\
*to L Branches at Lot Angeles, CaT, 382 wW . !»•• B«nden^s Klectrto B»tt «
® Second street: Portland. Or., 263 •#ashln ton *• nßW_sold In dru* - stores ' ®
®: street; . Denrer, ■- Colo., <Ml ? Sixteenth = street; : - »w ; by 4 traveling agents: only ; >^ ■
Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main , street; Butts. Mont.. at our office. ®
® '■:. 110 North Main street. v' • '-*- . ■■• ♦— ,' , ..,-_.. , , t .... — . j^_ — — 0
isfi} ®®®®®®®®®®®®®.® ®@ ® <•) ,® ®is}.®J3®-® ®®® ® Si ffl
.-'."■-^■-- :-;■■■, -.:'—■ .v. - -:-■ ;.,■ ■ ■ ■'.--■ ._". i.- ' •--t ■- ■;.■■■■■■.■- :-- -^ ■• .r. ;■.. ■ r~< -. - ■ ..■■.-■'. ■ ■.. ..-..-- . ,:■■-. -'^ -.'■■■.<,.-■■■ .=:.>*■ ~; ■!'! '
to be held in connection with and as part
of the annual State Fruit Growers' Con
vention.
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE,
Outlining What Will Be Done in
Celebration of the vjrolden
Jubilee.
The committee of arrangements of the
Golden Jubilee Convention of the Odd Fel
lows met Wednesday and was informed
by Secretary Clifford that of the circular
I letters sent out to the subordinate and
Rebekah Lodges 148 responses had already
been received. Of this number seventy
seven favored a grand celebration of the
■ founding of Odd Fellows' day, to be held
j in San Francisco in the month of October,
during encampment week; while the
others favored local celebrations on the
Bth of September, the day on which the
first lodge was established in 1850. The
committee decided to recommend to the
convention that a grand celebration be
held In this city and that those lodges un
able by reason of distance to join hold
celebrations in their districts. It will also
recommend that there be festivities for
three or four days, that there be recep
tions, exemplification of the work in the
several degrees of the order, a grand pro
cession, literary exercises, a ball and ex
cursions to points of interest in the city
and on the Day. A number of sub-com
mittees were appointed to ascertain the
probable cost 01 the affair.
Anakesis cures piles, nothing- else.
Sample free. Addr. Anakesis, New York.*
A New Corporation.
The League of the Cross is about to
be incorporated. Papers which have been
prepared by Lent & Humphrey will be
filed immediately. The object of the cor
poration is to furtner the work which the
league has been doing as a temperance
organization and for the promotion of
good morals. For years the organization
has been recognized as one of the strong
est orders of its kind, and its efforts have
brought forth good fruit wherever they
have been exerted. The name of the cor
poration will be "League of the Cross of
the Archdiocese of San Francisco," and
will exist for fifty years. The present of
ficers are: Walter E. Dorn. president;
Rev. Philip O"Ryan, spiritual director;
Thomas J. Macauley, secretary; Most
Rev. Patrick W. Riordan, Rev. Philip
O'Ryan, Walter E. Dorn, William P. Sul
livan Jr. and Thomas H. Fallon, direct
ors.
. ♦ .
Don't forget German Mother's Syrup enrea
your child's cough. Better try It. 26c
The Terror of Sunnyside.
Herman Tiegel, the "terror" of Sunny
side, was yesterday bound over In $500 to
keep the peace by Judge Mogan. He had
threatened to kill two of his neighbors,
W. J. Colvert and J. Ewell, and a few
days ago he and Colvert exchanged
shots, but nobody was hurt. The case
agninst Colvert was dismissed and Tie
gel's case was continued till November 22.
Congregation Sherith Israel.
Professor Margolis of the University of
California will lecture this evening before
the Congregation Sherith Israel, corner of
Post and Taylor streets, at 8 o'clock.
<■; ADVERTISEMENTS.
■'. cfn t*f* nAW C • we keep open every Saturday evening until Xmas : Dr.
diuic li&n^. Kindheart will mend broken dolls; concert Saturday
2 to 5 : get a program.
we said long ago this was a safe store, we mo particularly :
66 meant for ladies, but
so many mothers send their children here shopping that we say it is a safe
store for children to trade at : it's going to be the home of Santa Claus,
and, oh, what thousands of children will soon romp here.
do you carve * new prices
here are some necessary prices: Tlf'W 151 C \i t^'tSL.
S-plece ivory handle carving set $4.00 Ilw> YT jjaWhtl©
- ■ v lots of folks think that because new
celluloid handle 3-plece set $2.78 jackets— latest styles— are spoken
of, that these new jackets must be ex- •'
stag handle carving set, 3 pieces $2.00 pensive, but we are going to prove that
■ . _■„. our prices are unusually low even for this
not as heavy, stag handle, 3-pc .$1.25 store; here are six examples:
/>AIAKnn4-afl black melton cloth Jackets, fancy lined.
WCICUraICU : heavy weight, sizes 32 to <£O 0?
1847 ware 40 " " •••••••• *M.»©
"' ** ' Jackets of black boucle, satin lined, shield
Rogers', none better; most of it lasts so front, tailor finished, turn-down collar,
long that you often. In order to have a new sleeves, sizes 32 to 42.. «CQ ?Z.f\
change, give it away. .■ '...;:.......;t|/OitlU
plain pattern silver plated tea spoons lad A?" ,? lut i n ?. ape , s - Thi *> et tJi ? *" around.
... of 8 JO ° braid and beads, 20 inches QCJ
wvo braid and beads. 20 inches GZA QSS
satin finish silver plated tea spoons, dee P= 105-inch sweep €J>**«€Jt»
«et of 6..... $1 black kersey jackets, storm collar, silk-
■ serge lined throughout, newest sleeves,
shell pattern spoons or forks, 6 $2 tailor finished, box front, CHS Ofl
changeable taffeta silk petticoats, deep all Biaes * <P«J»W
flounce of 8 inch and ruffle with two cords black kersey jacket, dart sleeves, turn-
at top and four at bottom; dust ruffle of down collar, strap seams, silk-serge
same material; bound with (to Qfij lined box front, sizes 32 ffy Pt{\
velvet; all lengths <J>O«C/«> to 44 O * •*J\J
these are presents north giving or receiving:
fnVilo here's perhaps the essence of made-up, ready-to-use, satisfaction-giving ta-
LctUlC ble linen; a set In all cases means a table cloth and 1 dozen napkins (dl-
cpf c mensions as hereinafter noted):
set fringed, colored borders. 1 dozen ordinary size napkins to match, $1.5O; much bet-
ter sets, fringed, all linen, pure white doylies to match, 8-4 size, set $3; 8-10 size,
. $3.75; 8-12 size, set. $4.50.
sets open-work border, well suited for presents, no fringe, pure white, napkins to
match, two sizes, 8-4, $4.50, and 8-12, $6 set.
sets fringed, fanc^ with two rows of open work, all pure white, doylies 17 inches
square to match, two sizes, 8-10, $4.25; 8-12, set $5.
rich damask sets, hemstitched, all pure linen, white 2<Mn. napkins to match, three
sizes, 8-4, $5; 10-4. $«; 12-4, $0.73. .
hemstitched sets damask all linen, fine, 20>£-inch napkins to match, two sizes, 8-10,
$11.50; 8-12, $12.00 set.
937 to 947 Market Street.
"the linen store. " elegant material for art work.
AMTTSKKENTB.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB,MARX& CO., Lessees and Manager*.
PRICES i All This and Next "Week.
IBe, WM. C ALDER AND COMPANY.
25c, In the New
And 50c ROMANTIC MILITARY PLAY.
NORTHERN
LIGHTS!
A CAST OF EXCELLENCE.
EVERY MATINEE SATURDAY.
BALDWIN THEATER.
, LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Mr. Jacob Litt presents Grant Stewart's Suc-
j cessful Comedy,
Mistakes Will Happen.
A Great Cast Headed by CHARLES DICK-
SON AND HENRIETTA CROBMAN.
SPECIAL— WEEK.
Two Weeks Only— Charles Frohman Will
Present the Triumphant Success of
Two Continents. .. . [.^ >- :
"SECRET SERVICE."
With WILLIAM GILLETTE
And the Great Cast.
SPECIAL THANKSGIVING DAY MATINEE
SEAT SALE NOW GOING ON.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO., Lessees and a sen.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
LAST TIME SUNDAY.
THE PEERLESS MAGICIAN.
KELLAR,
Assisted by MRS. KELLAB,
IN A MARVELOUS PROGRAMME!
: ' • . NEW FEATURES.
OH!— An Odd Title for an Astounding Feat.
THE MYSTERY OF L'HASSA— A Mahatma
Marvel.
Next Monday— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr*. Ernestine : Krellng;. Proprietor and Mgr.
TO-NIGHT.
A Musical Treat! The Laughing Success!
Oscar Weil's Comedy Opera In Three Acts.
Suzette
A GREAT CAST. A PERFECT ENSEMBLE.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2 p. m.
NEXT— Scenic Production of Ros-
tand's Romantic Comedy,
CYRANO, DE BERGERAC.
WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC.
Seats on - Sale Next Monday Morning.
P0pu1ar, Price5............. .....25c and 50c
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 250
Our Telephone, Bush 9.
COMEDY_THEAT ER.
TO-NIGHT, ':':'■ p
'Lincoln J. Carter's Masterpiece of Stag*
Realism,
UNDER
mm* THE m m m
DOME!
• Every Evening— Sat. and Sunday.
Next Monday— THE HENDERSON CO..
First Time In This. City.
CYRANO DEBBRGBRAC.
The Theatrical Sensation of the Day.
Produced Under to* Personal Direction of
MR.. DAVID HENDERSON.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Comedy Theater and Emporium.
Ml j Grand Performance, - Sunday,' Nov.
■-» 20. Commencing at 1:30 p. m.
A.■ Marvelous Lion Act -by . the cele- '
1 brated lion tamer. Madame . Schell. ■
R^v Professor Raymous the Hawaiian
j\J human flying flßh. , Evan and Burns !
V_ T | in a thrilling : trapaze s performance.
f\ j " Blackened .glove contest by Murpny ;
_- - . ' and <■ Ellis, the L . grotesque -t boxers
I- Cornet  duet by > Professors
■-' ;• i Fabris and Allen. Grand concert b*- •
L| the . Glen v Park Band. - . Plenty , of
I swings, • see-saws, may i pole, . flying I
O» Dutchman, travelling ■ rings, Morro
Ml Castle full of interesting animals. "
UV>; seal lakes, -donkey -riding, ; etc. - J Ad- ','
\j i mission > 10c.. Children 1 - under c five
B,— i years free. ... Take San Mateo electric !
Q I f cars. Butter. Valencia and- Mission
/ : street .transfer.'" -;■" " ;i j"
AMUSEMENTS.
HARRY LACY, assisted by MISS VAN SIC-
LEX, in the comedy sketch, "Bob Racket*
Pajamas." ' . -
FLO IRWIN AND WALTER HAWLEY, In
1 the "Gay Miss Con."
22— HERBERT'S TROUPE OF DOGS—
Greatest act by trained cogs in the world.
FLOOD BROS., acrobatic monarch*.
FRANK AND DON, comedy boxers.
I JAMES CULLEN, descriptive vocalist.
PAULINE HALL, new songs.
BEATRICE MORELAND AND COMPANY,
In "A Game, of Golf." :
BIOGRAPH, new views. r.3.7;
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
I Chairs and Box Beats, 50c. - ..
MATINEES— SAT. AND SUNDAY.
MOROSCO'S GRAND
v altkb, Mobosco, Sole Lessee and Manages
THIS EVENING at 8:15.
An Elaborate Production of W. R. Waldron and
Lionel Ellis' Great Eastern Success.
I A Midnight Trust
A GREAT MELODRAMA.
BEAUTIFUL SCENIC EFFECTS.
NEW SONGS! NEW PEOPLE! NEW PLAY!
| EVENING VPSICESHOc.-.' 25c and 50c.
j MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
Seats on sale at box-office and main floor
of the Emporium.
alcazAr_theater.
SEATS : 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
WILLIAM H. CRANE'S
Fifth Avenue (New York)' Theater Success
= A FOOL =
Hi FORTUNE ii
NEXT WEEK— "IMAGINATION."
Tuesday Night Benefit— MAßK THALL. Cor-
bett-Sharkey Contest Announced Between Acts.
| INOLESIDE CODRSIM PARK.
NEXT SATURDAYAND SUNDAY,
MERCED CONSOLATION
STAKE and
OPEN STAKE!
Entrance $2.50.
November OPEN . STAKE. . Entrance, $5.
November 26 and 27— NON- WINNERS' STAKE]
AND SAPLING STAKE.
I Take a Mission st. car and it will land you
at the gates.
I ADMISSION 25c... LADIES FREE
Q RACING from , Monday, No?. 14, to C
fY Saturday, Not. 26, inclusive. >* .
££ Tin or Mora Running Buei Daily, Bains / .
f%. • ■ or Shine. '&%'■
9 M Beautiful Grounds. :;•:•! . 1 /
Wk Superior Accommodations. ii .
! ■•'/ FIRST RACE AT 2P. M. fl
; •* :' ;S. P. R. R. Trains. 12:45 and 1:15 y/ . '
i p. m. .- " dally. " Leave Third-street •
1 ./ Station: stopping: at Valencia street, W » :
fS ■ Returning - immediately after . the > f
B races. Round-trip ticket. Re. ;i^%
i # " ELECTRIC J CAR LINES. I 1
n^ ■ Kearny-street and . Mission-street >_< •
; cars every three minutes, direct to
j\J track without change. Fillmore- 1 M '
I street cars transfer each way. jl^ :
1 ADMISSION TO THE TRACK, $1.00. fl
-^ ■■■•:, "S. N. ANDROUS, President. > /
I r% • -F. H. GREEN, Secretary. • -
oooompoooo
CONCERTS AND BESOBTSf.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M.
Bathing from 7 A, M, to 5 P. M. '-',
ADMISSION 100 - - - - CHILDREN Sa
'Bathing:.; with admission, 25c; children, 20c,
I Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
New York exchange higher.
Wheat weak and Barley dull.
Oats and Corn unchanged.
Rye lower.
Hay very dull. FeedstufTs unchanged.
Large White Beans firmer.
Cocoanut Oil higher.
Fl&xseed arrived from Australia.
Vegetables advancing.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter and Eggs steady.
Poultry in heavy supply.
Game unchanged.
Wine Grapes about gone.
Citrus fruits dull.
Provisions slow.
_>»tter movement in small Prunes.
Hops firm and Hides easy.
Meals steady.
AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
The 12,676,300 In sovereigns brought up from
Australia by the Moana makes a total on this
account of $34,959,943 since the movement began
in August, 1897. This gold Is reoolned Into
American money, and goes to swell the al
ready large gold circulation.
WEATHER REPORT.
fl2Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 17, 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Pant 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 3.8 4.72 E. 63
Red Bluff 0 1.23 2.79
Sacramento 0 1.00 2.14
San Francisco 0 1.92 2. 0S
Fresno 0 1.14 1.23
San Luis Obispo 0 0.58 0.56
Los Angeles 0 0.11 2.47
San Diego 0 0.07 1.07
Yuma 0 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
69: minimum temperature, 50; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm which was central last night In
the vicinity of Puget sound has passed east
ward beyond the limits of the weather man.
An area of high pressure is impinging against
the Northern California coast. Rain has fallen
In the past twelve hours from Cape Mendo
cino northward along the coast, and occa
sional, showers have occurred In Northern Utah
and Idaho. Generally fair weather is expected
in California, except probably light showers on
the extreme northern coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. November 18. IS9S:
Northern California— Generally fair Friday,
except probably scattered showers on the ex
treme north coast; fresh west wind.
Southern California — Fair Friday; fresh
northwest wind.
Nevada— Generally fair Friday, except partly
cloudy in north portion; cooler.
Arizona — Fair Friday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Generally
fair Friday; fresh west wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Clear; wind
northwest, 16 miles; maximum temperature,
M; current, 56. W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— The results of to
ay's stock market operations were rather In
conclusive, except In so far as they showed a
continued lively, interest on the part of the
outside public in securities of all grades. As
far as prices are concerned net changes are
rather mixed, though the majority are on the
Bide of gam*, and those in some cases amount
to one per cent or over. The early period of
the market showed heavy offerings to real
ize, which are at all times usual in the up
ward course of a real bull market. But even
while prices sagged at some points with the
effort to absorb the offerings the other stocks
were mounting up, maintaining the undertone
of the firmness. The very notable movement
in Atchison preferred was continued from the
outlet, at which time running purchases car
ried the price up %c. The gain was subse
quently extended to 1%, and the net gain is
almost a point. There was a very heav-- de
mand early for Denver preferred, which had
been marked up before the opening here and in
London. This stock rose an extreme 2 points,
and Norfolk and Western 1%. Baltimore &
Ohio, Pacific Mail and International Paper
gave tone also to the early market, as did an
upward bound of 3% in Metropolitan Street
Railway. Other weakness in Tobacco and the
reaction in Chicago & Alton from its recent ad
vance had an unsettling effect 'In the first
hour. In the second hour, however, the Grang
ers were taken In hand, and Burlington and
Rock Island were pushed to the highest prices
of the year. Some of the low priced and lately
dormant stocks were also brought Into the
movement and advanced to a higher level.
The late reaction was Induced by the persist
ent weakness of the Northern Pacifies and the
uneasiness thus caused in the minds of hold
ers by rumors of discord and a propective out
break of hostilities in the Northwest railways.
The common stock fell to 40% and the preferred
to 75. Support was apparently withdrawn
from these stocks and heavy blocks were
thrown upon the market.
The bond market showed a recurrence of its
recent strength, yesterday's declines being in
part retrieved. Total sales, $4,040,000.
United St-.tes new fours coupon and the
fives coupon declined %, and the new fours
registered % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 637,100
shares. Including Atchison 25,452. Atchison pre
ferred 118.933. Baltimore & Ohio 5985, Burling
ton 32,338. Denver & Rio Grande 48S0, Denver |
& Rio Grande preferred 15,024, L. & N. 13,240
Metropolitan 7825, Missouri Pacific 7485, New '
York Central 8250, Northern Pacific 3250. North
ern Pacific preferred 9803. Northwestern 4980,
Rock Island 32,875. Union Pacific 8444. Union
Pacific preferred 15,350, St. Paul 35,920, South
ern Railway preferred 5247, Tobacco 19.937, Bay
State Gas 3200. Federal Steel 9220. Federal Steel
preferred 17,440, Pacific Mail 13,205, Sugar 37,215,
Chicago G. W. 14.000. -
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 16% St Louis & S W.. 3 ,i j
Do prefd 45% i Do prefd nit I
Baltimore & Ohio 51% Bt Paul 113%
Canada Pacific .. 84% i Do prefd 162%
Canada Southern. 65 St P& Om 84%
Central pacific ..28 ■Do prefd 166
Ches & Ohio 22T4 Bt.P M & M 173
Chi & Alton 162 Bo Pacific 26
Chi li & Q. ....... 120% go Railway 9%
Chi .* B 111. 55% Do prefd 37%
Do rrefd 108% Texas & Pacific. 15%
Chicago G W..... 15% Union Pacific .... 35
Chi, Ind & L 8 Do prefd 65%
Do prefd -28 U P D & G. Ist
Chi & N ■XV 137% assmt paid 5%
Do nrefd 185 Wabash 7%
CC C & St L.... 41% Do prefd 21%
Do prefd .. 88 Wheel &L E. 4th
Del & Hudson... 97 assmt paid 3%
pel L & XV. 142 Do prefd 18
Den &R G 15%" Express Companies-
Do prefd ■ 60% Adams Ex 109
Erie (new} 13% | American Ex 141
Do Ist prefd.... 34% United States .... 44
Fort Wayne ..... 174 Wei's Fargo 123
Gt Nor prefd 139% Miscellaneous-
Hocking Valley... .314 A Cot Oil 33%
Illinois Central .. 111% Do prefd 85%
Lake Erie & W.. 14% Amn Spirits 11%
Do prefd 66 - Do prefd 36
Lake Shore 193 . Am Tobacco 137%
Louis & Nash — 61 1 Do prefd .., 127
Manhattan - ;' 94*4 Cons Gas 184
Met St Ky 173% Com Cable C 0.... 175
Mich Central ..... 108 Col F & Iron 23
Minn & St L 20% Do prefd 77
Do Ist prefd.'... 93% Gen Electric 82
Mo Pacific ....... 36% Haw Com Co 56
Mobile & 0hi0... 27% Illinois Steel 104 I
Mo X & T.... 11% intl Paper Co 61% I
Do prefd 34% Dp prefd 91 I
N J Central 89 Laclede Gas 4914 1
N V Central .... 117% Lead 35%
X V Chi &St L. IS% Do prefd 112% !
Do Ist prefd 71' Minn Iron 138 1
Do 2d prefd.... 34% Nat Lin Oil 6%
Nor West 14 | Pacific Mail 35%
No Pacific 40% People's Gas 107%
Do prefd 73% (Pullman Palace... 139
Ontario & W..... 15% Sliver Certificates 60%
Or X & Nay 74 Stand R & T 7%
Or Short Line 29 Sugar 121% !
Pac C Ist prefd.. 80 Do prefd 111%
Do 2d prefd.... 59 T C & 1r0n..'.. ..." 30%
Pittsburg 172 v S Leather - 6%
Reading 16 I Do prefd 67%
Do Ist prefd.... 40 U S Rubber 42%
ROW. y- 27 Do prefd 104%
Do prefd 63 West Union 93
Rock Island ...... 108% Federal Steel Co. 32
ft Louis & F... 7% Do prefd 76%
Do prefd 65% Brooklyn R T..... 68"2
Do 2d prefd.... 31% ,
' CLOSING BONDS.
V S 3s 105% |NY Central lsts.llß
V S new 43 reg....127% N J C is 113%
Do coup ....127 IN CaTulina 6a 123
' US 4s. 111% Do 4s 103
Do coup 113 No Pac lsts 117
Do 2ds 98% Do 3s "" 6«%
t: S 5s reg 112 Do 4s 102
Do 5s coup 112% N V C & St L 45. 105%
District 3.65s 118 Nor &W 6s ....120
Ala class A 108 Northwestern con 142%
Do 105 ! Do deb us 11714
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ...100 O Nay 4... . 101W
Atchison 4s 97% O S Line 6s tr....125-*
Do adj 4s 74% O S Line 5a tr....10«%
Can So 2ds 109% .Pacific 6s of 95. 102?*
C & <> 4%s 88% (Reading. 45.... 82%
Chicago T 4s 91% R G W lsts... 90
C & Ohio 5a 116% St L & I M C 65.. 87%
C H & D 4%5......101»i'5t L & 8 F G 65.. 121%
D& R G lsts 10"! St P C0n.../ 160
D & R G 4s 8»: ;St P C 4 P 15t5. .121%
East Term lsts.... 107 ; Do 5s ........118%
Erie Gen 4g 71% So Railway 5s 102%
F W & D lsts tr. 78% Stand R & T 65... 77%
Gen Elee 5s 109 Term new set 35... 94 .
GH&S A6s 105 Tex Pac L G 1et5.109%
Do Ma.... 104 Do Rg 2d5....... 47%
H & T C 55.. .......111% Union Pac 45... ....101
Do con 65. :..... 11l UPD & G lsts.. 81%
lowa C lsts 104%IWab Ist 5a..- 111%
La new con 45..... 106% Do M 5............ 91
L & N Unl 4s 94 I W Shore 45. ..?.... .111 .
Missouri 65. ....... 100 IVa Centuries... 79
M X & T 2<J5.:'.... 68%| - De deferred;..... 7
Do 4a .....;...... 91%.l Wl» Cent 1at5...... 61%
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
Chollar 22 Ontario 4 00
crown Point 12 Ophlr 64
Con Cal & Va... . 121 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 150
Oould & Curry.... 18 Do pr fd 450
Hale & Norcross. 1 10 Sierra Nevada ... 7a
Homestake 50 00 Standard 17*
Iron Silver 70 Union Con 22
Mexican 18 Yellojv Jacket 17
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— , Westingh Elec... 35%
Call loans 2@3] Do prefd OS
Time loans 3©4: Ed Elec Tel 195
Stocks— Gen Elec prefd 164
Atch Top &St Fe 16 Atch prefd 45
Amer Sugar 12154 Bonds—
prefd 11l Atchison 4s 97Vi
Bay Stete Gas.... 2Vt Mining shares-
Bell Tel 280 AUouez Mln C 0... 4»i
Boston & Albany. 2SO Atlantic 32' i
Boston & Maine.. 164 ! Boston & Mont .. 232
Boston & L TT Butte & Boston... 54%
Chi Bur &. Q.... 120V»: Calumet & Hecla. 640
Fltchburg 104»j Centennial -'3*i
Gen Electric 82*6 Franklin 180
Mexican Central.. 4&i!Old Dominion 35
Old Colony 192 Osceola 77
Or Short Line 29 ; Quincy 132
Rubber 4?'« Tamarack ISI
Union Pacific .... 34* i Wolverine 33%
Weat End S7'*,| Parrott 27^
Do prefd IOT 1*! Humboldt 4^4
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: Stocks In
this market were lifeless to-day except Ameri
cans, which were animated on support from
New Tork, from Germany and by a profes
sional clique here. There was no public buying
and the continental demand was chiefly for
Baltimore and Ohio. Atchison preferred. Denver
and Rio Grande preferred and Southern Rail
way preferred. Late in the day Paris and
Berlin showed a disposition to sell.
The professional interest in Americans in
creases here and many Jobbers are migrating
from the Kaffir to the American markets. The
Kaffir market was so woefully stangant that a
migration somewhere was a necessity from a
professional point of view. Grand Trunk after
a period of dullness was strong In the street
on Montreal clique buying.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, £6; Grand Trunk, 7*4; bar
■liver steady, 28d; money, 2V4 per cent; Spanish
4's closed at 46V
PARIS, Nov. 17.— Spanish 4's cloeed at 41.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
58.974 barrels; exports, 16.322 barrels. Inactive
again and rather easy at the close.
WHEAT— Receipts, 3'"!7,423 bushels; exports,
323,122 bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red, 76% cf.
o. b. afloat. Options opened easier under for
eign selling and big spring Wheat receipts,
but rallied on firmer late cables together with
large clearances. In the last hour, however, a
reaction 6ccurred under reselling by foreign
houses and the close was weak at I >B@%c net
decline. Sales included No. 2 red May, 70V*@
71 5-16 C, closed 70T-4C.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The only change of importance in
the Metal market was a partial reaction in
Tin from yesterday's sharp advance. Business
in all departments was very tame, there being
nothing in news at hand to Inspire active buy
ing or heavy selling pressure. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PIOIRON — Warrants quiet, with $7 10 bid and
|7 25 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with Jl2 57% bid and
$12 95 asked.
TlN— Dull, with $17 S5 bid and $1S asked.
LEAD— DuII, with $3 70 bid and $3 75 asked.
The firm naming the settling price for leading
miners and smelters at the West quoted Lead
at $3 50.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $5 15 bid and to 25
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales, 6250 bags, including:
December. $5 25; May, $5 70; September, $5 90.
Spot Coffee— Rio, dull; mild, Inactive.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; no sellers at quota
tions; fair refining, 3 15-16 c; centrifugal. 96
test, 4 7-16 c; molasses, 3 11-16 c; refined, firm
and tending upward.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2651 packages. Firm.
Western creamery, 16@23%c; Elgins, 23% c; fac
tory. 11%©14% C.
EGGS— Receipts. 5751 packages. Firm. West
ern, 23% c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Nov. 17.— California Dried
Fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7<§>Bc;
prime wire tray, B@B%c; choice, B%@9c; fancy,
9%c.
PRUN ES— B%@IOC.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Moorpark, 13"q17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8%@12%c; peeled, 18
@29c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— Opening trades in wheat
showed ellght changes either way from yester
day's closing prices. May starting a shade
lower and December %c higher. The market at
once developed v considerable - firmness. The
general demand for • December, coupled with
the strength shown by Liverpool and yester
day's large export business, alarmed the shorts,
and for half an hour or more the market --was
very active. London reported more inquiry
for off-coast and passage cargoes, which had
its effect on the strained local situation. Some
reaction then followed. The advance brought
out considerable wheat, showing good profits.
It was all quickly taken, but prices dropped to
66c for May and 67c for December. During the
middle of the session the market was quite
nervous and prices moved up and down rap
idly. December shorts were evidently still
1 very apprehensive of trouble on account of the
! comparatively small stocks and the freedom
I with which wheat is going out of the country,
and that option became so pronouncedly bull
ish that May caught some of the same spirit.
lln the last forty-five minutes' trading the
market experienced a decided reversal. Out-
Bide markets as a rule failed to respond to
the advance here. Realizing also became very
heavy, more wheat being offered than the mar
ket could readily absorb, and prices in conse-
I quence dropped rapidly. The market was quite
j weak toward the close. December closed at
66%@66%c and May at 65% c.
Corn was very active and strong, but did not
maintain best prices. Cash demand was good,
both here and at the seaboard. Buying was
quite heavy until late in the session, but the
closing weakness of wheat affected prices
somewhat. May closed H_©%.C higher.
Oats were firm and higher and quite a good
general trade was done. Outsiders were in
the market in increased numbers. Cash de
mand was again excellent. Shorts were large
buyers Toward the close the market weakened
materially and nearly all the advance was
lost. May closed %c higher. •;/ _*•
Trade In provisions was very small. The
market in the main wae steady, though having
intervals of weakness, due partly to the bad
hog market. At the close January pork was
2%c lower, lard a shade lower and ribs a shade
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— , ggl ,
D°ce e mblr :::::::::: &i m m S{
May 66 66% <»?i 65%
November 0 ". .?IT 31% 32% 31% 32
December 32% 32% 32 32%
May ■-. 83% 34 . 33% 33%
Dumber 0 . 2 ~...... 24% 25 24% 24%
May 25% 25% 26% 25%
Mess Pork, per bbl — 785 7 77% 7 77%
DecembeT.... 1 « 755 7 77% 7 77%
! January 8 92% 895 (8 87% 890
I ay ... » 02% 915 910 910
Lard, per 100 lbs — ■••
j December 4£5 4 57% 485 48£
January 4 93 4 95 4 00 4 92%
i May 5 10 6 10 5 05 5 05
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ■
December..... 4 42% 4 42% 4 42% 4 42%
January ..: 4 65 455 450 4 52%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
■ steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 65®63%c; No. 2
1 red 68% c; No. 2 corn, 32'i(§32%e; No. 2 oats,
I 26©26% c; No. 2 white, 29c; No. 3 white, 26%@
28%c;'No. 2 rye. 52c; No. 2 barley. 354?49c f. o.
b. ; No. 1 flax seed, 97c; prime timothy seed,
$2 # 25; mess pork, per barrel, $7 So@7 86; lard,
I per 100 pounds. $4 90@4 92% c; short -ribs sides
i (loose), $4 20®4 90; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
i 4?«®4%c; short clear sides . (boxed), $4 75®>4 85;
•whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
jsl 25^ ' ■ ■■'■-■' ■ ' . -
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 12,000 16,000
Wheat, bushels 217,000 334,000
Corn, bushels 346.0C0 C 21.000
Oatß bushels 347,000 288,000
Rye bushels 39,000 105,000
Barley, bushels 96,000 106.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter !
mraket wan steady; Creameries, 15<5f22c; Dai- j
ries. 12%@19c. Cheese, quiet, S@9%c. Eggs,
firm; fresh. 20@20%c.
' WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— ■ Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 498.560 97.200
Duluth 618,032 651.411
Milwaukee ...; 53,300 55,200
Chicago :....... 216.750 » 334.351 !
Toledo 21.845 7.100 '
St. Louis 70,010 78,000
Detroit .. 22.113 -1,456 :
Kansas City... 85,000 82,500 |
Totals :. 1,685.600 1,807,218
Tidewater— . ■
Boston ■ 700 99.600
New York .350,047 343,312
Philadelphia 109.G1f. 141,324
Baltimore -82.689 • 216.000 :
New Orleans....
Galveston .....; 47,90* 24,000
Totals 690,959 724,236
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— ,- , " •- Dec. Mar.
Opening ........................... 8 1% 5 10%
Closing 6 1% 6 10%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 47 40 46 10
Clodng 47 50 46 10
Wheat-
Opening 2170 2140
Closing 2175 2140
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 17.— CATTLE— Prices un
charged. Beef steers, $4 55@5 30. The stocker
and feeder trade was very dull with sales most
ly below $4; Western range sales largely at
$2 9(k u 4 30.
HOGS— Market active, 5c higher. Later trade
became dull and the market weakened, the ad
vance being lost. Hogs sold at *3 15@3 25 for
the commonest lots and J3 45@3 55 for the beat,
the bulk of sales being at *3 37*s@3 47^; plgß,
$3(i3 25.
SHEEP— Market weak. Lambs were very
hard to sell at J3 Co@3 75 for poorest up to »5@
5 25 for choice flocks; feeders selling at $4@4 7a;
sheep were extremely dull at $2 25@4 20 for in
ferior to choice, with yearlings selling at $4 2a
@4 40; feeding sheep. S3 5Cg3 90.
Receipts— Cattle, 8000; Hogs, 34,000; Sheep,
12,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts
8000. Market steady. Native steers, $3 75<fr5 25;
Texas steers, %2@i 60; Texas cows, $2 10<g3 10;
native cows and heifers, $1 50^4 25; stockers
and feeders, $2 75(g4 80; bulls. J2 2. r ,@3 65.
HOGS— Receipts 13,000. Steady to strong.
Bulk of sales. $3 25<g3 40; heavies, $3 30@3 45;
packers. $3 20<g>3 37&; mixed, »3 15@3 36; lights,
$3 10&3 30; yorkers, $3 25(0-3 30; pigs, $2 90@3 2a.
SHEEP— Receipts 3000. Market weak. Lambs,
?3 10<ij3 15; muttons, $2 75@4 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Nov. CATTLE— Receipts 2SOO.
Market strong. Native beef steers, $4 40*55 30;
Western steers, $3 So<g>4 40; Texas steers, $3 50®
3 30; cows and heifers, $3@3 95; stockers and
feeders, $3 40@4 40; bulls, stags, etc., *2 40®
3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts 11,000. Market shade stronger.
Heavy, $3 35(& a 45; mixed, $3 35173 37>,£; lights,
$3 37^(g3 45; bulk of sales, *3 35@3 37V4.
BHEEP— Receipts 400. Market steady. Na
tive muttons. $3 75@4 40; Westerns, $3 30®4 20;
lambs, J4(ga 40.
DENVER.
DENVER, Nov. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 450.
Market firm and active In stockers and feed
ers; beef steers, $3©4 25; cows, $2 50®3 25;
feeders, freight paid to river, $3 45@4 15; stock
ers, freight paid to river, $3 75®4 25; bulls,
stags, etc.. $2 25<g:3.
HOGS— Receipts. 400. Market steady; light
packers. $3 40@3 45; mixed, J3 35@3 40; heavy,
$3@3 25.
SHEEP— Receipts none. -Market inactive.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Nov. To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $296,616,654; gold re
serve, $241,083,630.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, Nov. 17.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit were as follows:
Tokays. $1 55®2 W); Cornichon, $1 10@2 05: Fer
rera, $1 40@l 55; Muscats, 90c@$l 40; Verdelle,
$1 2>>tji 85; Emperor, $1 51. Threatening weath
er. Three cans sold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 17.— Consols. 110%; silver, 28d;
French rentes, lOlf 72% c; wheat cargoes off
coast, more inquiry; cargoes on passage, more
inquiry; Walla Walla, 30s 3d; English coun
try markets, quiet.
LIYERPO6L, Nov. 17.— WHEAT— Steady ; No.
1 standard ralifornla, 6s 10d®6s lid; wheat in
Parts, steady; flour in Paris, steady: French
country markets, steady; No. 1 red Northern
spring steady, 6s 3%d.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 l-32d.
CORN— American mixed firm, 3s 10»;d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter steady, Bs.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; November,
nominal; December, 6s l^d: March, 5s 10^d.
CORN— November dull, 3s 10V«d; December
dull 3s 9%d; March dull. 3s 6%d.
HOPS— At London, Pacific Coast firm. £5 ss@
£5 10s.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 17.— The local Wheat
market shows but little change, although
Bales are reported to mills at a shade above
the market price. Quotations are about 59@60c
for Walla Walla and 62@63c for valley and blue
8 Cleared— Ship Christine, with 108,597 busheU
for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 17.— Wheat— Club, 68c;
blue stem, 63@64c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. 17.— Exchanges, $135,
606; balances, $49,276.'
♦
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ' $4 83' i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 MS*
Sterling Cables ..... — * »'
New York Exchange, sight...... — la
New' York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — «0%
Mexican Dollars — «'%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— was no particular change.
Business continued quiet and the feeling was
* Spot .Wheat— Shipping, $1 IS%@l 21%; milling.
Jl 22%@1 26*.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock — May— 2ooo
C SBe'cond"%essionS B e'cond"%ession— May— 4ooo ctls, $1 22%; 2000,
$1 22%. December— $1 19.
Regular morning — December — 2ooo ctla,
$1 18V 2000, 51 IS<4; 4000. $1 18%; 6000, $1 18: 8000,
Jl 17%. May— 2ooo ctls, Jl 21%; 2000. Jl 22; 32,000,
$1 21%
Afternoon session— 4ooo ctls, $1 21* i;
4000. $1 21%; 10,000, Jl 22 1 .i; 12,000, Jl 22. Decem
ber—4ooo, 1117%; 4000, Jl 17%.
BARLEY— from this port during the
first ten months of the year are 681,827 ctls,
valued at J534.78. against 2,581,082 ctls at J3,
033,873 during the same time last year.
The market was flat and dull, with no change
In quotations.
Feed. Jl 25@1 30; Brewing, Jl 32%@1 40 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sale*.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session — No sales.
Afternoon session — December— ctls, Jl 30.
2000, Jl 30Vi-
OATS— market continues quiet and un
changed, with ample supplies for Immediate
needs. • - ■
• Fancy Feed, Jl 27%@1 30 per ctl ; good to
choice, Jl 22%<gl 25; common, Jl 17%@1 20; Sur
prise, 11 35@1 42%; Gray. Jl 20@l 22%; milling,
Jl 25@1 30 per ctl; Red, Jl 40&1 47%; Black. Jl So
61 70. •
CORN— Some Eastern Is coming in again now
that the railroad blockade Is raised. No change
in quotations.
Small round yellow, Jl 15; Eastern large yel
low, $1 02V-@l 05: white, Jl 05; mixed. Jl 02%©
1 05 per ctl; California White. Jl 05@l 07%.
RYE— Is lower. California, Jl 20; Eastern,
Jl 15@1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
F:.OUR— Family extras, J4 16@4 26; bakers*
extras, $3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows,, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. J7; Cornmeal, %Z 60; extra
cream Cornmeal, %Z 25; Oatmeal, J4 25; Oat
Groats. J4 50; Hominy, J3 25&.3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, J4g4 25: Cracked Wheat, J3 75: Farina,
ii 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). Jo 85@6 25; In sacks, JO CO® 6 06; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, J4 25; Green Peas, J4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF 9.
Dealers express surprise at the continued
dullness of the Hay market. The usual fall
demand seems to be lacking. There is no change
in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— sls@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— »I9@2O per ton.
FKEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, J27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, J31®31 50; Job
bing, $32ig32 60; Cocoanut cake. $24(3)25; Cotton
seed Meal. $28@30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50®
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24<g25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 Bo@lß 50 for
good to choice and $14(216 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wh»>at and Oat, $15®18;
Oat. $H';jlt; Island Barley. $13g14; Alfalfa,
$10(Sll 60; Stock. $11© 12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Nominal.
STRAW— 3S@76c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDB.
White Beans are quoted firm, and a small
advance In large Is reported. The other de
scriptions are unchanged.
Some Flaxseed has come in from Australia.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 9042; Small Whites. $2®
2 15; Large Whites. $1 86®1 95; Pinks, |1 90@205;
Uedss, $3 25; Blackeye, $3 50<g!3 75; Butters, $2(3
2 50; Limas, $3 20@3 30; Pea. $2 10@2 25; Red
Kidneys, $2 40®2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4@4 25 per ctl; Tel
low Mustard, $4; Flax, $202 10: Canary Seed. 2%
@2%e per lb: Alfalfa, 7(S'7Hc; Rape, 2Vi@2%c;
Hemp. 2S4@3c; Timothy, s@s>*c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. fl 2501 40; Green, $1 GO
©1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Vegetables show more change. Peas and
Beans are higher. Green Okra is no longer
worth quoting. Tomatoes and Cucumbers are
doing better.
Potatoes and Onioni •tand about the same.
POTATOES— 3O@4Oe for Early Rose and Ss@
60c for River Burbanko; Salln&a Burbankn, 75c© j
« 10; Oregon, 70c©$l 05; Sweet Potatoes, 65«?85c
for nearby and Ogl 23 for Merced; New fota.
°ONION&^-30(g/ooc per ctl: Pickle Onions, 35®
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4@4Vic; String
Beans. s<&6c; Lima Beans. $1 50^1 75 per sack;
Bay Squash. $1; Green Peppers. 25®^
Cabbage. 40<a.50c; Tomatoes. 40®60c; Garlic 4<-g)
5c per lb; Dried Okra. 10c per lb: Cucumbers.
f.o@6oc; Egg Plant, 25@50c per box; Marrowfat
Squash. $l>(&10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes.
Bllced. raw. 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; slioed,
desiccated. 16(g'18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30o; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The Eastern is selling at $5@5 50 for Hens,
15 for old Roosters, *j@s 50 for young Roosters,
H for Fryers, $3 50@4 for Broilers.
Turkeys continue weak. Arrival of 40 cases
from Oregon. The other descriptions are also
weak.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys. 13ffl6c; live
Turkeys, 13<£14c for Gobblers and l2Vs'<?l3c for
Hens; Geose. per pair. $1 25<gl 75; Goslings,
$1 50@l 75: Ducks, $4© 6 for old and J4@6 for
young: Hens, $3 50@4 50: Fryers, $3 50«4: Broil
ers, $3 50 for large. $3<S3 25 for small ; Pigeons,
Jlftjil 25 per dozen for old and $1 75 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail, $1 25@1 75; Mallard. J3@4; Canvasback,
*6@B; Sprig, $2 50!&3; Teal. $1 f.O; Wid
geon, $1 50; Small Duck. Ufa 1 25; English Snipe,
$1 50; Jack Snipe, $1; Gray Geese, $2<S2 50: White
Geese. Jl: Brant, Jl 25igl 50- Honkers, *4;
Hare, *I@l 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 DO for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There Is no change In anything, the market
being quiet and steady.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23@24c; sec
onds, 20<322c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
grades, li(Sl7Hc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. lS@2oc; pickled roll,
19fs21c; creamcly tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter — Ladle packed. 16@16Vsc per
lb; Elgin, 22fe22%c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10@llc; old, BVi@
9^4c; Cream Cheddar. lOCillc; Young America,
lOH'Sllv.c; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 40«J42Vic per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 3ft'Vt37Vic; Eastern. 20@25c for ordi
nary and 27%®30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Wine Grapes are no longer worth quoting.
Table Grapes are firm.
The market is well supplied with Apples.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes continue dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Strawberrles, $2 50®4 per chest for large and
$B<fi9 for small.
i-luckleberries, s@6c per lb.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries, $7@9 per barrel for Eastern
and $2 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 40<fr60c per box; crates sell about 10c
higher than boxes.
Raspberries, W&ii per chest.
Apples, 35(Ji6 ( Jc for common, 75#S5c per box
for No. 1 and $l@l 25 for choice.
Pears, SO@JI 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $3 s<Xg4 50
per box; Seedlings, $1 slVjj"2 2.">; Lemons, Jlg-z for
common and $2 50ij3 50 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, $4^4 50; California Limes, 25c(3W
per small box; Bananas. $1 50#2 per bunch;
Pineapples, ?3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
There is an improved movement in small
Prunes at the low prices. All other descrip
tions are quiet and unchanged.
DRIED FRUIT— 6%c for 40-50*8. 4%
@5c fur 50-60' s, 3%c for 80-70' s, 3c for 70-80' s,
2%c for 80-90" 2c for 80-100' s and l'/jc
for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2%@5c; Peaches,
6(fci 7%c for good to choice, 7V4@Sc for fancy and
10@'12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10<&12c for Royals
and 12®12%c for Moorpark; Evaporated Apples,
~\*'f£~<nc; sun dried, 44f4%c; Black Figs, sacks,
2ft2%c; Plums,, 4%@6c for pitted and l@l%c for
unpitte'l; Nectarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, 6'a7c for quarters and B<S9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3*c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 6»4c for four-crown, 6%@6%c for Seedle«s
Sultanas, 4'« c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%@.3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@12%c per lb; Walnuts,
6@7c for hardshell, Big9c for softshell; Almonds.
6@7c for hardshell; 13c for softshell. 14@15c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4%9
5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 60@5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6Urg>
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5@5&0
P< BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24<£26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c per lb for
heavy, Sc for light medium. 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12<g-12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 10c; California
Hams. BOttfcc; Mess Beef, *10@10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef $11@H 50; Family Beef. $12-0
12 50; extra Prime Pork. $10; extra clear, $18«tf
IS 50; mesa, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces, quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 6%@7c for pure; pails, <%c;
California tierces, 4%#5c per lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half -barrels. 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7%c: .Vlb tins. 7%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 57*®6»4c:5 7 *®6»4c: packages
lese than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails. 60 !n a case, 9%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 In a
case. B%c; 10-lb pails. 6 in a case. SHe; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B>>gc: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7T4c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hops continue firm and in good demand.
Hides are easy and quiet.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium, BV4c; light 8c; Cowhides,
8<&8»4c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, B%c; Calf. BHc;
dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool, 30@
40c each; medium. 60@80c; long wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides,, salt, $1 75@2 for large and
75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry. *1 60
for large and 50c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3Hc per lb; No. 2,
2%c; refined. 4'~(n4%»c: Grease, 2c.
■WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months'. 9@llc; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months', S@loc: Foothill and Northern, free.
12@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 10@
12c: Middle County, 13@16c; Humboldt and Men
docino. 14@16c: Nevada. 10@14c: Eastern Ore
gon, I<X£l2c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 11013
Northern mountain 9@U
Mountain B@lo
Plains 6@ 9
HOPS— crop, 13@17c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%«J5c; Wool Bags, 26@2Sc; San
Quentin Bags. $4 85; Fruit Bags, sc, sic and
5%c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
"cOAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay. *5: Wallsend, *7 50:
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. ,$8 60 in bulk and $10
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 SO per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and Hi
in sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, BVic; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, R4o; Confec
tioners, A. s',<!c; California A. 5V4c: Magnolia A,
5Hc; Extra C, sc; Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes Vie more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or lta
equivalent.
COCOANUT OIL— higher at 61<§)63V4c per
gallon in barrels; cases, 5c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices for all descriptions are reasonably
steady, thouch the market is not as stiff as
It was a few days ago. >
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, I*-'-;1 *-'-; choice, 7c; second
I quality, sMs@6c; third' quality, 4@sc.
VEAL— Large, 7c; small, 7@B'/4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@Bc; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— per lb. .
PORK— Live Hogs. 4(??4>4c for large, 4Vi'94Hc
for medium and V,' t <3i3Vtr for small; stock Hogs,
2>*(g>2c; dressed Hogs, 6@7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. November 17. ',
Flour," qr sks ... 16,923 Powder, car 1
Wheat, ctls . 20 Rrandy. cala .... 5.120
Parley, ctls ..... 60* Wine, *als ...... 78,500
Cheese, ctls ' 39 Pelts, bdls .-. 189
Butter, ctls ..... IS! Hid™, no 306
Corn, ctls 1.590 Paper, reams .... 1,920
Beans, sks ...... 7,431 Chirork, sks, .... 55
potatoes, sks ... 6,975 Raisins, bxs 222
Onions, sks ..... I.624|Egg><. doz .'. 6,750
Middling, ska .. «20 1 Leather, rolls ... 73
Hay, tons ...,....' 152Xemnber. ft r ...... 95,000
Straw, tons ..... 9 Ruirur. sks ....... 700
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 820 ' Hay. .tons ........ii-UlO
' - WASHINGTON.
"Wheat, ctls ..... 2.250 Oats, ctls ........ 1,500
Barley, ctls ..... 6.000 Bran, ska 6,075
EASTERN
Rye. ctls 4501...... .............'.......
AUSTRALIA. /
Flaxseed. sks ..'.;'.-'} 201 1 Wool, bales "..... 42
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weak again and the best
prices were lower all around than those of the
preceding day.
Local securities were distinguished by weak
ness In the sugar stocks, Hawaiian Commer
cial declining to $52 25 and the others easing
oft somewhat. Hutchlnson sold down to $63 50
and Hana to $17 25.
North Gould & Curry Is assessed 10 cents.
The Coast Development Company of Tuo
lumne County has levied an assessment of 4\i
cents per share, delinquent December 13.
The Mexican and Best & Belcher assessments
of 10 cents per share will be delinquent In
board to-day.
The Crown Point assessment of 10 cents per
share will be delinquent in the company's office
OTheJ0 The J 'Bullion-Beck Mining Company of T'tah
has declared a dividend of 10 cents per share,
amounting to $10,0u0, payable November Ij.
The Mercur Mining Company or Ltan naj
declared a dividend of 12% cents per share,
payable November 20.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Nov. 17—2 p. m.
Btd.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— S F G & E.... S6V» i 6%
4s quar c0up.. 112 113 iSRn Fran 3 3*i
4s quar reg...111%1114 Stockton Gas.. — 15
4s quar new.. .126%127>4 Insurance—
3s quar coup.. — 105 Firem's Fund. 2o6 —
Miscellaneous— 'Water Stocks—
Cal-Bt Cab 55..115 117 iContra Costa. 50 64
Cal J£l os 125 — IMarln Co 50 —
C C Wat 55. ..100*4— ISpring Valley.lo2>ilo3%
Dup-et ex c... — 95% 1 Bank Stocks—
E L. & P 65. .130 — 'Anglo-Cal .... 60% 63
F&CI Ry 65. 114 — Bank of Cal..24J'- —
Geary-st R 6a. — 100 Cal SD & T.. !» 100
H C & S 5%5. 99Vi104' /2 First Nationl.2lo 220
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A.... 131% —
Do gntd 65.. — 102 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65..125% — Ncr Nat b....175 l~Vx
Do Ist M 51.115)4116)4 Savings Ranks—
N C NGRy 75.10S - Ger S & L...1615 1030
N Ry Cal 65..113\i — Hum i 5 tt UloOO llbu
NRy Cal 55.. 104% — Mutual Say. 35 45
NI J CR R 65.1U3 — B F S;.v U.. 495 —
NrC X R a5.100%101 B * L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas a 5... .109 — Union T C 0.1060 —
Om Ry 6s 126%— Street Railroads—
P & Cl Ry 65.106 1 a107% California ....109 —
P & O Os 112 — Geary 45 —
Pone 11-st 65... — 123 Market-st .... 56 £6%
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — Presidio 9 10
SF& N P 53.110 110% Powder—
SierraßCal 65.1u4%105'^ California ....135 145
|5 Pof Ar 65.. 108% — E dynamite... 85 95
S P Cal 65.... 111% — Giant Con Co. 68 59
BPC 1b eg 55. .101 — Vigorit 2% 2%
S V Br 8s 116 — Miscellaneous—
S V Water 6s. 118% — Al Pac A85n..103%1M
5 V Water 45.102%102% Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
6 V W4s(3dm). lolft — Hana PCo 17 17V 4
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 — H C & S Co.. 46 46%
Gas & Electric— Hutch S P Co. 63 63Vi
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Mer Ex Assn. :«) —
Cent L. & P... 9% — Oceanic S Co. 60 62
Mutual El Co. lOVs 10% Pac A F A... 1% 2%
Oakland Gas.. 52»4 53 Pac C Bor C 0.106 —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 89 Par Paint Co. ?>4 —
Pac L Co 47H —
Morning Session.
13 Giant Powder Con 59 00
250 Hana Plantation Co 17 87%
100 do do 17 75
10 Hutchinson S P Co 66 25
ISO do do 66 00
10 Market-street Railway 56 00
20 Spring Valley Water 102 25
145 .Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 55 00
25 do do 55 25
25 do do 55 00
305 do do 64 87%
50 do do 64 75
5 do do 64 62%
5 do do 54 50
35 do do 53 75
200 do do 64 00
200 Mutual Electric Light 10 00
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 105 00
5 8 F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
W do do MOO
12000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 116 50
Street—
$3000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 119 CO
Afternoon Session.
35 Hana Plantation Co 17 75
40 do do 17 00
10 do do 17 12%
45 Hutchinson S P Co 63 50
100 Mutual Electric Light 10 00
35 do do ; 10 12%
15 do do 10 25
5S F Gas & Electric Co 85 87%
5 do do 86 25
2 do do ...86 00
10 do do 86 37%
4."> SDrlng Valley Water 102 25
M Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 53 25
10 do do '..• 53 00
25 do do 62 25
25 do do b 10... 52 25
35 do do . . : 5100
25 do do B0 25
310 do do 50 00
25 do - do 49 73
25 do do 49 50
25 do do 48 50
25 do do 47 50
60 do do 47 00
5 do do 46 75
5 do do 46 50
30 do do 46 25
30 do do 46 00
23 Oakland Gas 62 50
Street—
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds \ 102 37%
$5000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 110 37%
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning: Session.
100 Mutual Electric 10 00
20 Spring Valley Water 102 12%
50 S F Gas & Electric, s 10 86 00
Afternoon Session.
25 Mutual Electric 10 25
25 do do  10 37%
60 do do ..10 50
32 S F Gas & Electric Co 84 25
10 California Safe Deposit 98 60
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 61 75
10 do do 6187%
10 do do 62 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
fOO Belcher 20 200 Potosi 14
400 Con Cal & Va...l 20 200 15
200 1 25 100 Savage .„ 20
400 Crown Point ... 19 1 £00 Sierra Nevada... 79
100 Gould & Curry.. 181200 78
400 Justice 16120.. 70
50 Ophir 69 {00 Union Con ...... 23
200 68,100 Utah 12
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher. 25 |00 Mexican 18
1000 Choi lar 23,«00ph1r -67
150 Con Cal & Va...J *o 1 100 Overman ". 05
£■00 Crown Point ... 19 too Potosi 14
100 Gould & Curry.. 17 tOO Sierra Nevada... 82
400 Justice 10ISO0 Union Con ..:... 23
20") 17 Km Utah 13
100 181100 12
100 191 •
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornine Session.
500 Belcher . 20 700 Mexican 19
200 Best & Belcher. 25 400 18
600 24 200 Ophir 70
MiO Chollar *4 MO 68
TOO 23 SOO Potosi 15
800 Con Cal & Va...l 25 700 14
700 1 22% 800 Sierra Nevada... 78
1200....... 1 20 500 Union Con 24
700 Gould & Curry. 18 500 Utah 12
850 Justice 16 800 11
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 10 400 Mexican 17
tOO Challenge 16 J2OO Savage 20
{00 Chollar 23 '<;>') Sierra Nevada... 83
100 Con Cal & Va.l 22% 200 82
*00 .1 20 !tOO 86
400 Crown Point ... IS £00 87's
too Gould & Curry.. 17 600 Union Con 23
400 Justice 17 300 25
200 18 400 26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Nov. 17—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia 01 02
Alta 09 — Justice IS 20
Andes 08 09 Kentuck 05 07
Belcher 21 22 Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton Con ... — 10 Mexican 18 20
! Best & Belcher 24 26 Occidental 46 —
Bullion 05 06 Ophir 68 69
Caledonia 22 24 1 Overman 05 06
Chollar 22 24 : Potosi 14 15
Challenge Con. 17 IS Savage 19 20
Confidence 51 55 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.l 20 125 Peg Belcher ... 01 03
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 86 88
Crown Point .. 18 20 [Silver Hill .... — 07
Con New York. — 05 ''indicate ...... 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 —"Standard 170 —
Exchequer 1 — 03 Union Con 25 26
Gould & Curry. 17 18 Utah 14 15
Hale & Norcrs.l 15 I£> Yellow Jacket. 18 20
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Amelia E. Shern^n and Margaret C. Broeder
to John A. Sandell, lot on NE corner of Haight
and Fillmore streets, E 03 by N 'Jo; $2675.
Mary irhephard (wife) to Alfred Snephard,
lot en S line of Vallejo street, 112:6 W of
Pierce, W 25 by S 125; gilt.
Emma L. and Patrick J. O'Connor, John
Davidson, William A. Murison and John W.
Wright (by B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to
William A. Murison, lot on N line of Green
street, 232:2 from Intersection of Baker and
Green. N 48, WTW T 277:10^. 8 277:10^i. E 277:10^.
N 22a:lt>Vi. Kancho OJo de Aqua de Figuerla;
$3374.
William A. Murison to Frank T. Duhring.
same; $3240.
Estate of James A. Johnson (by Emma V.
Johnson, administratrix) to L6uls Hass or
Hess, lot on E line of lsis street, 104:2Ts S of
Twelfth, S 48:5%, E 75, N 45: lVi, W 7o; $4290.
Mary Shephard (wife) to Alfred Shephard,
lot on S line of Seventeenth street. 250 W of
Castro, also being SE corner of Seventeenth
and Sherman streets, S 75 by E 125; gift.
William Noonan, Mary Yon Boden and Lizza
beth Zundel to Michael Noonan, lot commenc
ing 63 S of Vallejo street and 127:6 E of Powell,
B 21:6 by W 60, with right of way over 10-foot
alley leading to Vallejo; $10.
Simon and Esther Casper to Rosa Casper
(wife of Louis), lot on NW line of Louisa
(Shipley) street, 77:6 NE of Fourth, NE 20 by
NW SO; $2500.
California Safe Deposit and Trust Company
to Thomas Lounds, lot on N line of Persia
street, B*:6 E of Mission, E 23 by N 100. block
S, Excelsior Homestead Association; $10.
Alameda County.
Eva C. and B. S. Hays to L. M. Goff. lot on
W corner of Twelfth avenue and East Six
teenth street, SW 50 by NW 100, block 87, Clin
ton, East Oakland; $2000.
S. C. Bigelow to Robert Hani<en, the NE 5
feet of lot 17, block L, Thermal Hill (formerly
the Howe) Tract, Oakland Anne*; $10.
Maggie Guldner to A. H. Duncombe, lot on
W line of Chetwood street, 143.96 N of Moss
avenue, W 44.03, S 143.55, E 44.03 to the inter
section thereof with W Chetwood, N 1*3.96
to beginning, being lot 6, block B, Btanford
Tract, Oakland, to correct deed of November 3.
IS9S; $10.
Mary C. Onllahan to George D. Hallahan,
lot on W line of Franklin street, 7S 8 of Sev
enth, S 27 by W 75, block 65, Oakland; $10.
Ella Beach to George Lydiksen. rerecorfi 666
<J 307. lot on NE lin« ot Eaat Twenty-seventh
street. 320 SE of Nineteenth avenue. SE 80 by |
NE 140. block 92, map of Northern Addition to i
Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10.
Patrick J. Keller et al. (by commissioner) to
Oakland Loan and Investment Company, lot on
S corner of Ross and Piedmont avenues, &1-.
140 by SW 100 lots 1, 2 and i, Keller-liose
Park. Oakland Annex; J1157.
Timothy Paige and H. B. and Lnura Pinn^
to Mary Gleason. lot IS, block G. Melrose Sta
tion Tract. Brooklyn Township; $s^.
Edward D. Judd to Jacob L-^uffer, lot on S
line of Merchant avenue, 200 E of VU-Usburg
street. E 100 by N 123. being lots 5 and ti. block
C, Judd Tract, Brooklyn Township; $iv.
Builders' Contracts.
George W. Glbbs Company (owners) with C.
Krecker (contractor), architects Reid Bros.
All work for warehouse on lot on W line of
Main street, between Folsom and Howard ;
$1675.
Pal Marks (owner) with Douglas & Co. (con
tractors), architect none, ai! worK for a 2
ptory frame residence on lot on E line of
Fair Oaks street, 244 S of Twenty-nrst, S 22
by E 114:6; $1S?O.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W J Rogers, San Juse W P Hussev. In<S
H E Booth. Salt Lake M Morgans. Seattle
R S Osborne & w, Nt-v W R Morgans. Seattle
B SuponizKa & w, Seat L Woodward**— , 3 Cn
J Morgan, Cherokee G Lingo. Birds Lndg
F H Green. 3 Rafael J D Keys &w. Woodld
F E Simons, Sacto Mrs Hayes. Napa
H .7 Frank Chgo Mrs Adams, Napa
A \V Warnekros, Fres Mips I Adams. Napa
J Morton, S Mate,') H L Emery, San Diego
W G Thomas .t w, Mrs a J Pronk. N V
Grass Valley T C Johnson, Pleasntn
F J Hambly, S Jcae A W Warner, Fresno
C A Storke, S Barbara J Donald. U S N
c \V Ayres, Sonera J A Wythe & w. Sains
B H Vincent, Sanger F D Frost, Paso Robls
R Gammon, Denver F Cutting, Stocktcn
C H Beans, Mass W H Brallsford. Hanfd
Mrs M C Roller. Selma C P Berry, Wheatland
Mrs J D Kline, Denver M C Hart. Boston
C J Kline. Denver Mrs N T Biddle. S Jose
N Blaekstock. Ventura \V A Hobson. Ventura
P Sweed Petaluma Miss Sloper, Chicago
T L Carothers & w, E Llndley, Dunnlgan
Tkiah W B Mlckolls, Ukiah
Mrs C Brown, Hollstr C Queen, Fish Rock
J T Bayne. Mtirysville Mrs N Lyon, Rus Rivr
B R Hill, N V Ella T Hall. Vlsalla
W F Price. S Rosa \V C Fickert&w.Red Bl
Mrs F O Hihn. S Cm?! iM H Orr, Stockton
Mrs E Chace. S Cruz |
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P Conn. Stockton W F Parker, L Ang
T H Berkey & w, Sac F Turner. Lake Bennt
R Scott, Chicago Alice Barry, Portland
J E Smith. S Jose J Rharpe, N V
R Castro. S Maria A Remmenburg,- N V
W Ranklne, L Gatos T E Wood, Sacto
F Smith, Sacto J McWllliams, USA
J R Moore, L Gatos J Harrington, Fresno
A Lehman. L Gatos C O Cushman, Chicago
S Cohen, L Ang iJ Reinhart&w, Palo A
G Mead & w, L Ang JO R Mueller, Mlllwke
Dr Farrington, Arizna'Mrs Hall. Vlsalla
C D Galvin, Sacto E Dinkelspiel, Suisun
Mrs Galvin. Sacto T Oliver, Monterey
C R Henderson, Mioh
PALACE HOTEL,
O P Jenkins. Stanford |E Yerington & w. Nev
Dr Bard. Ventura JA P Niblock, U S N
W H Corbould, London Dr Mason & w, Cal
J G Follansbee, NY J E Coffin, Cal
M McLachlan, Colo H Hornitz & w, Ohio
I> S Iloyt, Cheyenne X I'etter, London
G Varrelman. NY C Hubbard&w. L Ang
C Weissman, NY C E Fox, U S N
G Davis &w, N V jj F Dunne, S Feiipe
Miss King & m, N V | Mrs Dunne, S Felipe
Dr Gray &w, NY IW B Greenlee. Chicago
P Newmark, L Ang IF L Orcutt, Sacto
H Osborne, L Ang 'G Lippman. Phlla
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Fitzpatrlck&f. Sydny O Wilson. R Vista
J Stewart. NY C Sullivan, L Ang
W H Killaby, Cal E Sewell, L Ang
R McLaughlln&w. Chi W E Tlbbetts. Cal
F A Erwln, WatsonvliO O Cobb, Fresno
C Jones, S Jose I A J Warneke, Cal
E T Small. Nebraska Dr Woodmansen & w,
H Dillon, S Rosa Grass Valley
H E Springer, L Gatos J Rodman. Baltimore
J Maynard. NY jT Arbuckle&w. Colu&a
J Mulroy, S Diego I
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
November, 1898.
9
Th.
t
10
Mo 33*« Pbasee.
Qu»r:er.
NoTember «.
»
10^
16
j^s New Moon.
vs.* November 13.
-j^lfVr»»t Quarter,
.Ir November »j.
Full >Joon.
©Full Moon.
November IT.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrogrraphic
Office, located In the Merchants" Kxchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benell: pt
snrloen without regard to nationality and
frr>e of expense.
Navlgttors are cordially Invited to vis!* the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic slpnal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or sivinp the error, If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHKS,
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. in charge.
SIN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low j
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San j
Francisco Bay. Published by official au- j
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. NOVEMBER IS
Sun rises 6:55
Sun sets 4:56
Moon sets ,9:54 p. m.
— l. eet.
W
iFeet.
— Feet.
3:52!
4:44]
4.
tit
9:3!
1 M
I 3::
8.3| 9::
4.9| 10::
-0.
o.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left j
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column irives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions yo the soundincs on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the dppth given by tho charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower lev wit.-rs.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hyd.-ographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal., No
vember 17, IS9B.
The time ball on t~.e tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, T*. K. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. 1 From. 1 Due.
C. Nelson .Tacoma Nov. 18
Elt Thompson.. Seattle Nov. 18
Queen |Vktoria & Puget Sound Nov. is
Pomona jHumboldt Nov. IS
Samoa Humboldt Nov. 18
Wolcott Cooks Inlet Nov. is
.Arcata Coos Bay Nov. is
City of Sydney. Panama Nov. 18
Navarro lYaqulna Bay Nov. IS
I Geo. \V. Elder.. Portland jNov. is
Coos Bay Newport Nov. 19
Washtenaw Tacoma I Nov. 19
Progreso i Seattle !Nov. 20
Corona jSan Dlejro i'Nov. 21
Chilkat [Humboldt |Nov. 21
Columbia (Portland {Nov. 22
Del Norte Crescent City Nov. 22
Empire Coos Bay Nov. 22
Coptic China and Japan Nov. 22
Orizaba Newport Nov. 2i
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. 23
Mackinaw Tacoma Nov. 23
St:iteCalifornia,Pi.rtland Nov. 25
Santa Rosa San Dlegro Nov. 23
North Fork Humboldt [Nov. B
Cleveland IPuget Round ! Nov. 25
From.
K'l KAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
State of CaliPortland Nov. 18, 10 ami Pier 2\
Curacao ...iMexico (Nov. IS. 10 ami Pier 11
Colon Panama. Nov. lh, 12 m,PMS»
Alliance ... Oregon Ports. jNov. 18, 9 ami Pier 20
Belglc Chi na& Japan! Nov. 1». I pmiPMSS
Santa RosaiSan Diego !Xov. 19. 11 am Pier 11
Arcata | Coos Bay ! Nov. 19, 4 pmjPler 13
Bignal iGrays Harb»r,Nov. 2u |
C. Nelson., i Puget S'Und..' Nov. 20. 9 am. Pier 2
Pomona .. .. jHumboldt ....jNov. 20, 2 pmjPier 9
G. W. Elder i Portland 1N0v.21. 10 aniPier 24
Coos Bay...|Newport !N0v.21, 9 am, Pier 11
Weeott .... Yaquina Bay. [Nov. 21. 3 pm I Pier IS
Queen jVie ft P«t Sd.;Nov.22. 10 amPier <>
Chilkat .... Humboldt .... Nov. 22, 2 pmjPler 13
Corona >San Die K o [Nov. 23. 11 amPiwll
Shantvuif? .. |Chlna& Japan iXov. 23, 1 pm,PMSS
Columbia ..Portland Nov. 24. 10 am Pier 2\
Orizaba ....JNewport ! Nov. 25, 9 am Pier 11
Destination.
SHIPPING INTELL.IGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November I*.
Btmr Point Arena, Hanson, 14 hours from
Point Arena.
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, 10 hours frnm
' Bihlers Point. Rom
Thursday, November 17 j
Stmr Coquille River, Johnßon, 17 bow a :;,, m
Fort Bragg.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62 1 i hours from
San Pi<v-o.
Stmr Mieola, David, 85 hours from Tacoma.
Oakland direct.
Stmr South Portland, Paton, 75 hours fronts
Portland, via Astoria.
T»«H Hercules, Swan, 3 days from Coos Bay
with barge of lumber and spars in tow, bound
for San Pedro. Put in for coal.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. 17 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
Br bark Inverlochy, Milne, 68 days from New
castle. NSW.
Fr bark General Neumayer. Maheo, 85 days
from Newcastle, NSW.
Schr J Eppinger, Colstrop, 20 hours from
Stewarts Point.
CLEARED.
Thursday, November 17.
Stmr State of California, Parsons, Astoria;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br ship Balasore, Lloyd, Portland; Meyer,
Wilson & Co.
Brig Consuelo, Jacobsen. Kahulul; Hawaiian
Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, November 17.
Star Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, San Pedro.
Stmr Chllkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Ftmr Homer, Jessen. Coos Bay.
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Lelenaw, Storrs, Seattle.
Tug Hercules, Swan, San Pedro, with bar
Brig Consuelo. Jacobsen, Kahulul.
Srhr Mary Dodge, Hansen, Eureka.
Schr Queen, Sorensen, Everett.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 17—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind, S; velocity, 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Aloha, Alden Besse and R P Rlthet load
mdse for Honolulu.
The Ficionct U ads lumber on tne Souni '. r
Sydney, 3Ss 9d; Wachusett, lumber at Pi >■?
Blakeley for Sydney, 38s. ■d
MISCELLANEOUS.
SEATTLE— Nov 17— Stmr Dora arrived h<>r«»
having been in collision with schr Dora Bluhra
off Cape Flattery Tuesday night. Headgear,
bowsprit and stem of Dora gone.
MEMORA XDI'M .
Per Norma— James Ca le, boatswain, fell over
board oft lower topsail yard, ship going about
six miles an hour at the time. Phivw him
a lite bfoy and launched a boat ana ha 3 him
aboard in" 20 minutes none the worse f-.r ha
cij>.
DIED AT SEA.
Per Norma— On Oct 3 Jacob Ediln. a natlva
of West Indies, age 24. died of consumption
SPOKEN.
Per Inverlochy— Nov I— Lat 29 26 N. long 144
10 W, stmr Indiana, hence Oct 27, for Manila,
vir Honolulu.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 11— Schr
Alice Cooke, from Honolulu.
VENTX'RA- Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Geo Loomis.
for San Francisco.
BAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Brans-
WI ,iTORII-Ar^ve n d CiS Nov 17-Stxnr Columbia,
he'nee Nov 15; ship TUlle E Starbuck. from
P Safled P No a v 17-Stmr Geo W Elder, for San
F PORT CO BLAKELEY-Arrived Nov 17-Brig
Courtney Ford, from San Pedro.
USAL— Arrived Nov 17-Stmr Newsboy, hence
REDONDO— SaiIed Nov 17— Stmr South Coast,
Nov 17-Stm Whltes-
Whltesboro. for San
F EL-KEKA- Arrived Nov IT-Stmn 'Samoa am: J
Pomona for San Francisco; schr Ottlllle Fjord,
for San Pedro; schr Bella, for Port Los Ange-
e Arrived Nov 17-Schr Alice, from San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov 17— Schr A J West,
for Grays Harbor; stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Nov 17— Stmr Mack
inaw, from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 17— Schr Compeer, lor
S*"oßTdS *"oRT dl TbWNSEND- Arrived Nov 17— Bark
Tidal Wave, from San Pedro; schr Roy faom-
BAY— In -ort Nov 17— Haw ship
Euterpe from Tacoma, for Adelaide; ship Co
lumbia. ' from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Nov 17— Stm Cot
i ta in port— Bktn K??kitat. from Port Ludlow, for
Honolulu; bark Theobald, from Puget Sound,
*°TACOM A— Arrived Nov 17— Schr F S Redneld,
from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov I<— Ship
J B Brown, from Honolulu; schr Comet from
, San Pedro; schr Falcon, from Dutch Harbor;
I schr Dora Bluhm. from San Pedro ; brig Court-
I ney Ford, from San Pedro.
REDONDO— Arrived Nov I,— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, from Grays Harbor. -
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 15— Schr Melancthon,
for San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived >ov 16— Ship
Henry VUlard, from Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VENTNOR— Pa«sed Nov 15— Br ship Zlnlta,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco
HULL— Arrived Nov 16— Br ship Cressington,
t'nm Tacoma.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov I.— Schr Jos
eph Russ, hence Oct 29.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 16— Br stmr Porio
hence CK-t 2. __ ,_ T
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to Nov 17— Jap
stmr America Maru. from London.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. <)
I^^ Steamers leave Broadway
l^^lt,' wharf, San Francisco '
\ r^^sS«-. For Alaskan - po " S> .- 10 a. nv,
X fy^jn transfer at Seattle.
! H^MVI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
< fiLsaS^-^EtAI C ) Port Townsend, Seattle.
I r*^^^^fi Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a. m.. Nov. 2. 7. 12, 17, 22, 27.
nor •> and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
th For a "s e anta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
PavVota" Santa Barbara. Ventura Hueneme.
g ir 3S3 Sn d D^ X^nron^^rt - W
frrd (lan Luis Ohispo). Santa Barbara. Port
£geles -d Redondo (L.s^AngelesK H*.
% jf^rSS Bay. San Jose del
itr^panV"^- chan.e
without previous notice steamers. sailing dates
Bn «CMT OmOT-4 New Montgomery
Et GOODALL FIRKINS & CO.. Genets.; ,
GOODALU. Rio Market st San Francisco. _
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F O T^n? 3L.-A. 2ST3D
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CA D C $12 First Class Including Berths
rAnt SO Second Class and Meal*
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3. 12. 21. 30.
Columbia sails Nov. 6 15 24. Dec. 1.
State of California sails Nov. 9, 18, 27. Dec. 6.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. -^
ln Be.B c. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.
■ Superintendents.
Compagnie Generals Transatlantique.
r - ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCE), Sailing every Saturday «flffiiT
i at 10 a. m., from Pier «, JSortn
i River, foot of Morton street. N - •
1 LA BRETAGNE »£e" 3
LA T0URA1NE....... {££■
LA OASCOGNE.... "dlc' 17
i LA CHAMPAGNE. g^- \\
i L Fir?t^Jss G to Hav're'j9o and" upward 5 per
cent reduct'on on round trip. Second class to
: w^vrl J45 10 per cent reduction round trip.
1 H OFNER\I . AOKXCT FOR T'NITED STATES
' ivri rvVMiA 3 Bowline Green, New \ork.
1 J F FIOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
! Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
fMHMM!# Wednesday, December
■BlKsatls for Honolulu
1 Wednesday, December
Ow^TiT^ T^e s! %'. MOANA
SfyfnShlD^' saila via' 1 Honolulu and
C'^iidi,*,,. Auckland for Sydney
(CllißflfLfcr' Wednesday. November
_„. \winp\jim 30, at 10 p. m.
I Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
I TOWN, South Africa. '
I J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents, '
114 • Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY Ai<lD &IVEB STEAMSLR3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
- Steamer "Monticello." ' , - -
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and 5at..............
9:45 a. Eft., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m." ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ...;.....l p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ........ ......10:30, a. m. and 3 p. m. i
Landing and offices — Mission Dock. Pier 4. j
" ; ■ Telephone Main 1508. . J
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE '.*
Daily at 10 a. m. From San Jose dally at 1:30
p. m. ; Steamer Alviso, Clay-street wharf. > Far*
to San Jose, 35c: round trip, 60c. Delightful
bay excursions. Telephone Main I*so.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
McKEEN NOT
A FAVORITE OF
"THE PUSH"
Made His Fight on
Less Than a Cent,
LECKIE IS PROVIDED FOR
WILL BE CHIEF DEPUTY IN THE
OFFICL OF RECORDER.
Rod W. Church Will Go Into the
Office of the State Treasurer.
I Republicans to
Batify.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 17.
A. A. McKeen, Assemblyman -elect from
the Forty-ninth District, cannot appeal to
usta should tie seek re-electtun two
years hence. Mr. McKeen, according to
the purity of election law is a model cam
paigner, lie tiled an account -.if ln'3 elec
xpenses to-day, or, rather, he filed
a blank form for election expenses, be
he asserts that he did not spend
n making his campaign. This is
f>e ihe most economical campaign
ev.-r made <n this county.
Ex-Assessor R. S. Leckie will be ap
pointed chief deputy in the Recorders of
inder Recorder-elect A. K. Grim.
This appointment is somewhat in the na
ture of a surprise, as it was understood
that Mr. Grim in return for the support of
the street-car men, who really elected
him. would give them nearly all the pat
ronage at his command. Robert S. Leckie
was best known in the recent campaign
as the m^st pronounced opponent of Coun
ty Clerk Frank Jordan. At the primaries
Leckie only lost his delegation to Jordan
by six votes and in the election be sue
. led in getting more votes for Stoddard
p Jordan's ward than the latter received.
was not known that Mr. Leckie was
\\ i 'iking for the Recorder-elect.
Rod w. Church Is another lucky politi
cian. He is to be deputy State Treasurer
under Truman Reeves, the Treasurer-
Rod Church was a very ao'.ive lac
tor in the Sacramento convention. He
worked hard for Dr. Pardee and -w. one
time was supposed to be a candidate him
self for Secretary of State. He gave up
all iuea of seeking this nomination .-.
ramento. and has since worked har.l for
the success of the entire Republican,
ticket.
It is announced that TV. H. L. Hyn- I*.1 *.
son of the well-known police officer, is to
be a deputy in the office of District Attor
ney Allen next January. The other depn
re said to be Attorneys Abe Leaoh,
George Samuels. Phil Walsh, while lia.iy
Melvin will be chief deputy.
Saturday evening the great Republican
ratification meeting and demonstration
will be held in this city. The county com
mittee and the various political organiza
tions are worl.ing hard to maKe the affair
%r< membered. Indications
bat there will be an outpouring of en
.-m mil people worthy of t lie party.
CONTRACT FOR THE
BRIDGE AMENDED
COTTON BROTHERS FAVORED BY
THE BOARD.
Supervisor Wells Was the Only Mem
ber Who Did Not Vote for
th«! Award.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cail,
Broadway, Nov. 17.
The Supervisors ihis morning awarded
the contract for building the steel bridge
a th-3 estuary to Cotton Bros, for
District Attorney Cook suggested to the
board that in the motion awarding the
contract they incur. fact that
I 1 ; of the Schmidt
ruction Company for good and suffi
cient reasons. Mr. Snook advised that the
board was m t I I award the con
tract to the lowest bidder, and having re-
I any bid could award it to th^ next
responsible bidder.
Engineer Campbell, representing the
Schmidt Company, asked if the District
Attorney meant that the board must flle
specific charges against the Schmidt Com
pany. Supervisor Wells said that it had
not been shown that the company was not
responsible, and he understood the mem
bers had lots of money and had a plant.
• -.'-visor Mitchell differed from Wells,
and Supervisor Koeth agreed with Mitch
ell. Supervisor Church moved that the
contract be awarded to the lowest respon
sible bidder, Cotton Eros. In seconding
the motion Mr. Mitchell said: "I am In
favor of awarding this contract to Cotton
Bros, because they are undoubtedly a gen
uine Oakland concern. A few days ago I
asked Mr. Cotton what the chances were
ii the Judson. Iron Works getting the
.work if they should get the contract. lie
said that the Judson Iron Works would
give a bid as low as any Eastern house,
and would certainly have the preference.
I was not satisfied, and went to the iron
works, and was told that if Cotton Bros,
secured the contract the Judson Company
would probably get the work of making
the bridge. It has been said that Cotton
Bros, have a preference in this Board of
Supervisors Ido not mind saying that
so far as I am concerned they have.
Every bit of work they have done for this
county since I have been a Supervisor him
been well done and we have had no diffi
culty with them. The County Surveyor
sustains this view and that it is one of the
few firms with whom we have no diffi
culty, after contracts arc let."
Mr. Roeth explained his vote by saying
that he was very glad the people of Ala
meda County should know that he bad
been in favor of awarding the bid to a re
sponsible concern. When the motion was
put only Wells opposed It. The bond of
the contractors was fixed at $50 000
FIVE MORE DIVORCES.
Alarming Increase of Actions for Le
gal Separation in Alameda
County.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.-If the present
rate at which divorce suits are filed and
granted in Aiameda County continues,
Oakland will soon rival Fargo, Dakota.
Three divorces were granted by the same
Judge yesterday, and this afternoon five
row divorce suits were filed: Nellie P.
Switslnger against Albert G. Switsinger,
Agnes White against George D. White,
R. W. Frierson against Jennie Frierson,
Sophie Schoenf elder against John Her
mann Schoenfelder, and Refugio Bernal
Feliz against Jesse Fells. In the White
r divorce suit extreme cruelty is alleged as
the ground for the cause of action.
: Tried to Steal a Contract.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— S. Hays of San
Francisco was arrested in this city to
day. This morning he caned at the office
. of W. J. Dingee, corner of Eighth street
V and Broadway, and asked to see a certain
contract wherein he agreed to sell to
Thomas E. Hanson a piece of property at
1 the southwest corner of Twelfth avenue
1 and East Sixteenth street for the sum of
* The contract stood good until November
J 14. it was handed to him by F. J. Wood
ward, who is connected with Dingee'e
real estate office, and as soon as he ob
tained possession he put ft in his pocket
and was about to leave the place. He
refused to ' give up the paper, and was
bundled off to the . City ■ Prison.
IRATE HUSBAND
CHARGES WIFE
WITH BIGAMY
His Tardy Return
From Klondike.
MINER'S STRANGE DISCOVERY
ALICE LORETTA McCOY HAD
MARRIED JOHN COSGROVE.
The Fortune-Hunter Says That She
Has Never Obtained a Divorce,
but He Will Now Bring
Suit.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway Nov. 17.
An irate hushand. who obstinately re
fused to disclose his name, which, how
ever, is supposed to be McCoy, called at
the County Clerk's office to-day. He cre
ated a sensation which, though small in
its incipiency, is likely to develop into one
of considerable magnitude.
"He asked to be allowed to inspect the
record of marriage licenses issued in 1592.
This was shown him, and when he came
upon the names of Alice Loretta McCoy
and John Cosgrove, both aged 29 years
and residents of San Francisco, to whom
a license had been issued on August 29.
1592, his anger knew no bounds, and he
swore that he would have revenge.
Alice Loretta McCoy is my wite!"\said
the stranger, after he had regained! his
composure. "In 1892 I left Sun Francisco
for the gold fields of Alaska in the hope
of acquiring 1 a fortune that we might live
happy and in comfort ever afterward. I
have "been fairly successful, and returned
to San Francisco a few weeks ago."
"Though 1 made a diligent search for
my wife upon my return, I was unable to
locate her until a few days ago, when I
was informed that she had become the
wife of another— John Cosgrove, an iron
molder.
"Then I ceased looking for her and im
mediately searched all accessible records
of the divorce courts and found that Alice
Loretta McCoy had never been granted a
decree pf separation from me. Records,
however, show that she and Cosgrove
were married the same day the license
was issued in Alameda County."
When asked as to what action he would
take in the matter, the stranger declared
that he would most assuredly fiie a
charge of bigamy against the woman, to
be followed by proceedings for a divorce,
since certain property interests are in
volved. _ ______________
SAD CASE OF INSANITY.
Mrs. L. E. Blackwood Has Been Rec-
ommended for Commitment.
OAKLAND. Nov. 17.— Mrs. L. E. Black
wood, an estimable woman and mother .*?
a large family, was examined for insan
ity this afternoon by Dra. Buteau and
Shuey at her home, 1210 Fourteenth
street. She has been recommended for
commitment
The unfortunate woman labors under
the hallucination that there Is a stain
upon her character; that her best friends
impugn evil motives against her and that
her home is one room from which the
neighbors can hear every word, though
she speaks in a low tone. Mrs. Black
wood's health has been anything but good
during the past eight years and her mind
seemed to be failing for some time past.
She is also suffering from hysteria. An
effort will be made to have her commit
ted to some private Institution.
J. L. Gray, the whaler, whose mind is
wrecked on account of experiences in the
frozen Arctic, was to-day committed to
Napa Insane -Asylum.
Auditor Whidc.en Cited.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— 0n petition of
Constable J. C. Williamson Judge Hall
y cited County Auditor Myron A.
WhJdden to appear in court on Monday,
November 2S, at 10 a. m. and show cause
why a writ of mandamus should not is
sue directing him to issue a
warrant to Williamson for S2S7
of rebate on personal property tax
:.'! from the Sunset Telephone and
raph Company for the fiscal year
1896-97, which claim has been assigned by
the company td Williamson. About a
year ago a similar writ was petitioned
for against County Treasurer Sanford,
who had refused to is.sue the warrant,
and the court sustained him. There is no
fund from which the amount can be
drawn, and the money has already been
apportioned pro rata to the various
county funds.
Guardian of His Fatlier.
OAKLAND, N^v. 17.— L. J. Hardy Jr.,
the well-known attorney and member of
il," Library Board, filed a petition to-day
Superior Court asking to be ap
pointed guardian of the person and es
tate of his father, Lowell J. Hardy.
The older Hardy has for some time past
been cared for at the home of the peti
tioner, eitt East Twenty-fourth street.
He la M years old, and the. petition re
cites on account of his age and rrtental
weakness he is unable to manage his
property, of which he threatens to give
away a large portion without any con
sideratlon and by reason of undue In
fluence.
Petitioner also asks that an order
Issue restraining the incompetent father
from (Hsposlng- of his property.
Did Lynn Feign InsanityP
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— The preliminary
examination of J. W. Lynn, charged with
shooting his wife five times, was not con
cluded to-day, and will occupy the greater
part <'f to-morrow in the Police Court, nt
to-day' a hearing in rebuttal of the evi
dence as to Lynn's insanity Prosecuting
Attorney Melvin called Dr. H. N. Ruck*:!-,
formerly superintendent of the Stockton
Asylum, and Dr. J. P. Dunn, Health Offi
cer, who observed Lynn very closely whiift
he was in the City Prison. Both exnressed
the opinion that the man was shamming.
Reliance Club Entertainment.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.--At the Reliance
Club to-night Goo. Gates of Al.imoda and
Einile Dahl of San Francisco fought
seven rounds and Dahl was declared the
winner. Arthur Walker of Australia was
knocked out by Jim Ryan of Cincinnati
in six rounds. Jimmy Fox was referee
in both lights, and was very satisfactory
in his decisions.
Over the Kuins.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— Over the ruins of
the Sacred Heart building, destroyed by
fire year ago, the beautiful new hail,
just completed, will open on Monday
evening, "November 21 with a grand musi
cal drama by first-class artists for the
benefit of Sacred Heart Church. Rev.
Father White will also deliver an address.
Baby Day at the Exposition.
OAKLAND. Nov. 17.— The attendance at
Oakland Exposition is daily increasing
Friday afternoon will be baby day, wnori
prizes will be awarded for the handsomest
children.
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— The convention
called of the ministers to discuss the Det
tcr observance of the Sabbath in Califor
nia will meet Friday afternoon and even
ing in the First M. E. Church.
A. calendar fair was opened In the par
lors of the Unitarian Church to-day, and
will continue until Saturday evening. A
feature of the affair is the arrangement
of twelve booths representing the months
of the year.
Rev. J. W. Webb of Fresno will lecture
to-morrow evening on "Jokes and Joking"
for the benefit or the Free Methodist
Church.
"At Gay Coney Island" will be produced
at the Macdonough to-night and to-mor
row night.
John Rucker and George Smith were ar
rested to-day by J. H. Davis, a Deputy of
the State Flan Commissioner, selling
bass under weight.
THE SAX FT? AN CISCO CAT/L, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
SAN LEANDRO
HIS A SMALL
AMBITION
Would Like to Name
the Chaplain.
BRINGS OUT DR. PERRY
WHY THE LITTLE TOWN HAS A
RIGHT TO ASK.
It is Said That No Presbyterian
Minister Has Ever Opened the
State Legislature.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'MS Broadway, Nov. 17.
San Leandro has been heard from. This
little town, which so hospitably received
the Republican county convention a cou
ple of months ago, has become somewhat
ambitious. It has a candidate for State
honors. It is true that its ambition does
not reach the gubernatorial chair, or even
a permanent deputyship in any State of
flce, l»ut it would like to name the man
who shall pray at the opening of the ses
sions of the next Legislature.
San Leandro's claim is not without
some foundation. Certainly no other
place in Alameda undertakes to receive
political gatherings as hospitably as San
Leandro. At the county convention where
all the Republican candidates recently
successful were nominated San Leandro
earned the gratitude of all assembled
there. Banquets, music, free hall and the
daintiest of service at church luncheons
and similar little attentions were show
ered generously, and now San Leandro
wants her reward.
Rev. Barton W. Perry, D.D., is the
gentleman put forward as a candidate for
the chaplain of the Legislature. Dr.
Perry is no stranger to Republicans in
Alameda County. As chairman of the
entertainment committee of the now fa
mous convention, Dr. Perry made a last
ing reputation. To him as much as to
any one man was due the success of the
arrangements at San Leandro, and the
fact that a minister of the gospel was
selected to preside over the entertainment
committee at a Republican convention
justifies the claim of San Leandrans that
Rev. Dr. Perry was the mascot of the
party in the banner county.
Dr. Perry is pastor of the Presbyterian
church, and has alwajs acted in the in
terests of the Republican party with as
much effort as the dignity of his cloth
would permit. Some one has suggested
that it is doubtful if ever the Presbyter
ians, most of whom are said to be Re
publicans, had the honor of seeing one of
their creed supplicate for a California
Legislature. At the last Legislature the
chaplain was Rev. Charles H. Oehler, an
Evangelical Lutheran, and no <>ne re
numbers that a Presbyterian ever held
the office.
Dr. Perry has the solid support of the
party in this county, including Dr. Par
dee, Joe Herscher, president of the Gage
and Neff Club in San Leandro; J. I. Bar
beiro, president of the Portuguese Repub
lican Club.
The doctor's speech at the San Leandro
convention, -welcoming the delegates, was
a masterpiece and is y< t remembered. He
is not lacking in ecclesiastical talent. For
two years he was the editor of the organ
of his creed on this coa-st.
BUNKOED KLONDiKEBS.
Members of the El Sueno Company
Claim Were Robbed of a
Valuable Coal Mine.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 17.— Information has
been received from Alaska from the
Sueno party, of which Joseph A. Leonard
of this city was a member. Leonard rlad
to leave the party on account of an ac
cident which nearly necessitated the am
putation of his foot. He is now at his
home in this city under medical treat
ment. " v
Captain William Coffey of El Sueno
writes that the vessel has crone into win
ter quarters in a creek tributary to Dall
River, above Rampant City. Many of the
men have deserted the prospecting expe
dition, but their places were easily filled.
Coftey reports the outlook as being most
encouraging and then recites how El Sueno
Company lost *3u,(wo through the alleged
treachery ol one of its members. The
company discovered a coal mine near St.
Michaels. The property was left in
charge of one of the party while the rest
pushed forward to the Klondike country.
Coffey asserts that during the party's
absence the keeper of the coal mine sold
the property for the amount mentioned
and disappeared.
HARD'S COURT UNLOCKED.
All Furniture Has Been Removed and
the Wheels of Justice Have
Stopped.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 17.— The Constable's
padlock has been removed from the por
tals of Judge Hard's courtroom.
A grave legal question arose as to a
Constable's authority to bar a magis
trate from his courtroom, and so tne pad
lock was removed. Every movable arti
cle in the courtroom went v.ith it. The
tables, chairs, benches and books were
removed. Eyen the reclining chair upon
which the-^fudgi used to shine in all his
dignity, and the pen and ink with which
he signed his judicial decrees wore carted
away by an unsympathic Constable.
Justice Swasey, who pi c< ded Hard, re
tijf-<l because, as he states, but two
courses were left open to him— retain the
office and starve or throw the glory of a
title to the winds, step down and out and
live. Alameda Township has had two
Justice Courts for years, and one of them
has always done all the business. One
department, by an act of the last Legis
lature will cease to exist after January
1, 189!).
Stoddard Will N^t Contest.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 17.— The friends of T.
C. Stoddard, Democratic; candidate for
County Clerk, have advised him not to
contest the -election of Frank Jordan or
undertake a recount. He has decided to
heed their counsel. During the official
canvass of the returns by tne Supervi
sors nothing developecf to warrant a con
test and Mr. Stoddard has decided to
abide by the result and acknowledge his
defeat with the best grace possible under
the circumstances.
Banquet in Honor of Bogers.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 17.— Sheriff-elect Os
car Ro£or3 i S to be dined by his friends
in this city. A banquet will be given in
his honor next Saturday. The affair is
being arranged by R. B. Tappan and
other friends of Mr. Rogers. Among those
who have been invited to participate in
the festivities are: Arthur Burns, Ser
geant of Police Conrad, Edward Cleve
land, Officer Louis Schoman, Justice
Henry Morris, George T. Morris, Alonzo
Schuler, Joseph Morse, Henrj Qlas, Fred
erick Schumann, James Monroe, Judge A.
F. St. Sure, Hugh Gallagher and Joseph
Morizio.
Needlework Guild Meeting.
The annual meeting of the S,ui Fran
cisco branch of the Needlework, Guild
of America was held at the residence of
Mrs. A. M. Easton, 915 Leavenworth
street, yesterday afternoon. Addresses
were delivered by Mrs. Horace Davis,
president of tin- pnild, and Mrs. Mc-
Fee of the Salvation Army. Mrs:. Samuel
;:. iftcLenegan, the secretary! read her
report, which showed that 14.000 garments
of various descriptions had been distrib
uted to the soldiers by the guild, and that
10,077 garments had been contributed for
the winter distribution.
U. C. STUDENTS
PREPARE FOR
THANKSGIVING
The Big Game Ab
sorbs All Interest.
EXCITING RUN ON TICKETS
SOCIETY HONORS THE MEN OF
THE PIGSKIN.
Berkeley at the Highest Pitch of
Excitement Over Football — Coch
ran's View of the
Prospects.
BERKELEY, Nov. 17.— A1l Berkeley Is
thinking and talking of football. So un.
usual is the interest manifested this year
over the gridiron, that old collegians de
clare the university never to have known
puch a uniform outburst of college spirit
before.
The excitement gets more Intense as
final preparations for the great struggle
grow apace. Cochran has decided to stop
all regular practice next Monday after
noon, thus giving the men but three more
dajs to put on the finishing touches.
Tuesday and Wednesday of next week
will be taken up with signal practice.
The same large number of spectators
continues to line the field at the after
noon games. Added to the yelling, which
is decidedly more original than in pre
vious years, the noise from the bleachers
has been improved by the addition of the
university band. The latter is a notice
able help in leading- the football songs and
relieving the rooters from making all the
noise all the time. Blue and Gold will not
lack for ardent support when it faces the
C'ar.iinal next Thanksgiving day.
Cochran is very reserved in his opinion !
about the men. He gives them no undue
encouragement; on the contrary, he in
clines to the opposite course. "Thus far
in the season the team has not shown
itself to the best advantage," he says,
"and it oueht to improve at least 100
per cent before taking chances next
Ihursday. I wish 1 could impress upon
the seniors that this is their last year in
college, and that from them at least the
very best effort possible should be forth
coming. I am a little disappointed fn the
way some of the men fall when tackled.
It is almost impossible to keep an East
ern runner from gaining his length after
being tackled, while out here a man goes
down at the least touch. It looks as
though they were too anxious to be
thrown. To defeat Stanford involves a
very great improvement in the team, and
this ca,a only be brought about by the
most faithful, conscientious work."
To-night's reception to the football men
at Harmon Gymnasium was one of the
larpf-st gatherings this season. The whole
college was practically there, including
both faculty and student body. The As
sociated Women Students acted as host
esses of the evening Music was furnished
by the band, the Women's Glee Club and
the University of California Glee Club.
The following committees assisted: Miss
Lola Simpson, chairman of the execu
tive committee of the Women Students,
in receiving and decorating. Reception —
Miss.s Florence Ewing. A. Venable, C.
McKinnie. E. Rothermel. E. Bonnell. J.
Turner, G. Jewett. A. Mason. M. Ha
worth, M. Williams. J. Kppinger, F.
Stone, E. Wickson, M. Webb, K. Stack.
Decoration— Misses A. Stockwell, E. Cat
ton, J. Newman. E. Aaronson, H. Collier,
A. Porter. Programme— Misses K. Wolf
enden. J. Colby. F. West, J. Hobson, M.
Voorsangrer, Ratcliffe.
This morning's sale of seats for the
game was unprecedented. Although the
sale did not begin till 9 o'clock, as early
as 3 some of the students living in the
university town braved tup night air and
took their places in line at the ticket
door. At 6 o'clock the line was long
enough to cover all the seats available in
the best sections. At 9 o'clock cash was
freely offered for places below the one
hundred mark. By noon the ordinary $2
seatfl in covered sections were selling for
50 cents and later for $1 above cost.
Full details about the performance to
be given Thanksgiving night in Odd Fel
lows' Hall, San Francisco, were an
nounced by the managers to-day. The
play is an adaptation from "Ici on
Parle Francais." and is full of local hits
and joshes. The cast, Intended as cari
catures of certain members of the
faculty is as follows: Major Zoule,
A. S. Chesobrough; victor Dubois. R. W.
Tully; Professor Crusty, J. B. Southard;
Mrs. Crusty, E. B. Harris: Ucie. their
daughter. L. L. Greene; Julia. M. H.
Schwartz; Anna Maria. J. W. S. Butler,
in title, as adapted from the original, the
farce will be called "The Football Com
missioner From France."
Alameda County Miners' Association.
OAKLAND, Nov. 17.— The Alameda
County Minors' Association held its an
nual meetinp in the Council Chamber at
the City Hall to-night and elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing year:
Professor S. B. Cristy. president; E. H.
Benjamin, vice-president: T. W. Jeffreps,
secretary. These with Charles T. Hole,
J. S. White and W. R. Thomas constitute
the next executive committee. The fol
lowing were elected delegates to the State
convention to he held in San Francisco
next week: A. IT. Ricketts (chairman). F.
J. Flatter, Charles Sontap, George Phil
lips, Felix Chappelette, Lyman Bridges.
E. S. Shanklin, W. R. Thomas S. B.
(Maty, W. K. Hale. Thomas Moln. J. S.
White, E. H. Benscman, Thomas Jeffresa,
A. M. Benham. John M. Wright, Georg-*
R. Nusbaumer, George Burham, Frank
A. Leach and C. B. Rutherford.
Found Dead in Her Eoom.
OAKLAND. Nov. 17.— Mrs. Emma .Tack
pon, wife of William Jackson, a Pullman
Palacfl Car porter and popular in colored
circles, was found dead at her home, 821
Henry street, to-night. She had not been
seen since last night, when she had evi
dently retired, hut during: the night was
taken violently sick and lighted the lamp.
She waa found lying or/ the floor of her
bedroom face down, the lamp still burn
ing-. It was thoupht she had committed
suicide, but no evidences of poison could
be found. Deceased was 47 years of age.
WOODMEN AS ENTERTAINERS.
The Members of Golden Gate Camp
Present an Interesting Pro
gramme to Friends.
More than twenty-five hundred people
crowded into Native Sons' Hall last night
in response to invitations issued by Gold
en Gate Camp of the Woodmen of the
World to attend an entertainment and
ball given under its auspices. After an
address explanatory of the camp and the
order delivered by Henry C. Gesford the
T'nion quartet favored with selections;
Miss Jessie Neuman gave an exhibition
of the butterfly dance; W. S. Hynes enter
tained with specialties, and Miss Jessie
Brock Morgan favored with a soprano
.solo This was followed by a descriptive
piece "The Battle of Manila." which was
very effective. After that there were
shown on a screen a number of views of
Cuba and the Philippines by FT. B. Jen
nings and T. H. Wagstaff. This was Col
lowed by a programme of twelve dancen.
H B. Jennings, L. S. Rabe. T. F. Quintan.
F T Phelps and H. R. Basford were the
committee on entertainment.
CASTOR! A
For Infants and Children.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' * Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Is*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Seal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of ft« Ttllrwiug firms Fleus Mss'.ion "Tb* C%M"
ART V.ARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and ftrl Ware Importers,
117 SITTER STREET.
. AUCTIONEERS.
Lire Stock ril lID ten 11 McntßTOTnery St..
Aoctloneers. JVILLU ft vv* San Francisco.
BELTINO.
I P nFfiFV Manufacturer of BeltinenncJ
L. f. U£UCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOiLER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Offios end Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
ft 'PI) II-" X- we— Makers and Dealers In
U OiliCn _ JLamlaus, Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Folk
St.. Pan Francisco.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS.
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. 1517 Market st. ■/';-'■
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telppbnno Main JSM.
DENTIST.
DR. C W- RICHARDS, a pott Bt **^.
If ll* W- !!• HlWiiAlll/Ji SB. -orf-r Kmrar.
. FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS.
411-413 California street, r-«r.
Capital Represented over '14.000.400
_______
FLOUR.
M I TIA V i T Floor Mills. .1. Mart#n*tt»»a & Co.
nAIIUDAL BW. cor. Battery end Pacific »ts.
;.-; FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
fie BOYES $■ CO., EhlpploK Butchers, in
JAS- DUIE3 tt tU., day: f«l. Mam UU.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters Dealers
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LKIHOID HARNESS CO.. 211 UrUo ■-. 8. W.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of aJI
kinds of Harness and dealers In Bagtita,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains cail or writ*
A
My mother's headaches were of the sort that people call sick
headache. They always were in some way the result of a disturbed
stomach. She would have them sometimes more than once a week,
and then she might go several weeks without having one. Generally
an attack would only spoil one day, but sometimes she would be sick
for two or three days. When she learned about Ripans Tabules, she
found that they always relieved her decidedly, and her attacks are
now much less frequent than they used to be. She continues to make
use of the Tabules when occasion arises, but she says that now one or
two will not produce the effect they did in the beginning. She keeps
a supply of them in the house all the time, and I believe if she would
take them according to directions, they would cure her entirely. You
know her life is that of a farmer's wife. I suppose her experience is
that of thousands of others who stay pretty closely at home and de-
pend for food mainly upon those things which the farm produces.
Under such conditions the stomach will get upset now and then unlesg
precautions are taken to avoid it. Ripans Tabules are precautions.
RAILROAD TEAVSL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAIL WAY COMPANY.
tOntnm tons* tot «l Markat St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. . 12:35.
8:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m". Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. 3:30.
' 6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO,
i WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
I 8:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra ; trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11.10 a. m. : 1:49, 3:40,
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. -
Leave ' . Arrive
. San Francisco. ' In Effect San Francisco.
October 18.
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination. days.'. Days.
7:3oam S:ooam Novato. . 10:40 am. B:4oam
3:3opm 9:30 am Fetaluma,- 6:lo pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, ■ • •
7:3o am . ' Windsor, ' 10:25 am
Healdsburg, ;;,
Lytton.
Geyserville.
8:IOrni 8:00 am Cioverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Hopland and
7:20 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 6:32 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm ,i, i
8:30 . «:22pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4o am
J and ■
5:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pmj 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8-00aml Sebastopol. 10:40 am!lO:23 am
8:30 pm] s:oopmj: ': I 7:2s pm| 6:22pm
'Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
; Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagsa Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, • Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs Soda Bay. : Lakeport and Eartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter alley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Buckneir«.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, . Boonevllle, Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendocino . City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Willltts, Laytonvillc, Cum-
ming'a. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen s. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. • -V
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets , at
reduced rates. • : ■ ' '■
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at 'half rates. :.*. ■-
. Ticket Offices, «80 Market St., Chronicle btdg.
H. C. WHITING. : . ■ R." X. RYAN.
General Manager.; Gen. Pass. Agent
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
OlflaVlA Hunters Equipments, Fishing
11 18 ill \ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UilllU for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE,
w ** 733 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton &Hedlsy. Prop*.
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets, Cassimere*. Tweeds »b4
Flannels. B.V. Market at.. San Francisco. CaL
Goods for vale at ail leading dry goods store*.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. 54.000.000.
STZ A CO.. At?>*tm.
• -. . -■' ' Ml California it.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF PFOVrHDII Mattress Co.. ««2 Mis*!'.-*
1 Eli: DLamiAKU at. Telephon* Mala 1874.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will AMPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
VVtLLMmLI \L 722 Montgomery Strast.
PIANOS.
Th» r»l<««t T\rr mr>A I ■< -• •»-»-«.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
n and Z0 ©Tan-ell St.
! A com* Of -xpert tuner? anrt re^<»lr«r«.
PRINTING.
E- C- HUGHES' 511 Ransom »'it'r»»t.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te c-od r e % phIc PARTRIDGE
THE HICKS JUDD CO- %£££?£?& *
TYPEWRITERS.
S^w All Typewriters Rented.
SJi!=s*C3» Few partly used for sale cheap. •
AGENTS SMITH PREMIER,
S§S^g|klk L. &M. ALEXA -HER.
"**fc*^^ a 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
VTHOLTC' VL.E A retail; »end for samples, siat-
inr quality 4 color. DUFFY CO.. 9Z% Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1314.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI IT VnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry aaJ
• LLPiill) lull 18-k. Wcddlacr Rln«s. 4 M st.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
» RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saumllto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, »9:3 a, 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45.'
3:46. 5:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, »10:00. '11:30 a. m. ; *1:15.
3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m. • . t ..;
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35, 7:45, »9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, 2:20, »3:45. 5:05 p. m. ......
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:2O. •8:00. »10:00. *U:55 a. m.;
•1:15. *3:10, 4:40, '6:20 p. m.
Trains marked * start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S; 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. . ...
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
C:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way.sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
■ - stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way eta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAD JOAQUII
-VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. it*. law, trams will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen-I Mixed. Mixed. [Passen-
ger.' ; Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2oam IT) :3oam Stockton : 3:45pm s:sopm
10:10 am 2:ospm ' Merced • 12:40pm 4:o3pm
11:40 am s:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:3Spm 7:40 pm Han'ord . 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:20 pm 12:30 am Bakersfield 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:5* pm] 8:50 pm Visalia 6:4oam I:lspm
Stopping at intermediate points as required./
Connections — At. Stockton with steamboats , of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving. San Francisco at 6 p. m. daily,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. in.
dally. \
j For stare connections see official time tabU
or inquire at Traffic Manager** Office, 321 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. ■
VOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Suusalito Fefry.)
Leave San Francisco. • commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11,-1898:-'' -- .' . -: . -~ j
i Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
I Round trip from Mill Valley. »1.
THOS. > COOK & SON, . Agents. .621 Market
street. San Fianclsco. , . -'.v...'^
liiiciiiiiii
AUCTION SALES.
&* KILLIP & CO.'S £*
First Winter Sale.
Five Ormonde Yearlings,
Five St. Carlos and
One Morello
AT AUCTION, '
By order of W. OB. MACDONOUGH Esq.,
ON
Monday, November 21, 1898,
AT 7:30 P. M., AT
SALES YARD,
Corner Va i Ness Aye. and Market St
Catalogues now ready.
• KILLIP & CO..
LIVE STOCK AUCTIONEERS.-
11 Montgomery street.
GRAND AUCTION
OF
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
By AMIGO, EMPEROR OF NORFOLK, HON-
DURAS, DUNCOMBE, SANTIAGO, etc..
out of such mares as VIOLETTE. SANTA.
ANITA, ARITTA. BELINDA, FAME.
HOOK, BLONDE. FLORILLA, SAVAN-
NAH, etc. Property of *
Property of
E. J. BALDWIN Esq.,
Santa Anita Stock Farm.
SATURDAY EVENING, November 19,
Commencing at 8 o'clock, .
—At the Occidental Horse Exchange,
721 Howard St., between Third and Fourth, Sag
- - Francisco. * -
Horses at salesyani. Catalogues ready.
WILLIAM G. LA TNG, Proprietor.
ED. R. LOWRY of Louisville, Auctioneer. I
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
MADIGAN & MeGO WAN'S LIVERY STABLE,
1123 MISSION STREET.
MONDAY NOVEMBER 21, 189 S.
At 11 a. m., we will sell, on account of disso-
lution of copartnership, the entire stock used
in their livery, hay and grain business, con-
sisting of horses, buggies, wagons, harness,
etc. No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOVE, Livestock Auctioneers.
Office— 327 Sixth st. . '
BAJLBOAJ TBAVZL.
mouth krV pai'ific cowtPAsrx.
(rxoirio stmtbm.)
Trains lei%«tt mm«l nrr an*> 1* nrri»« H4
NAM I'ItANCIMO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) 1
ravk — ' Fbom Not. 3, 1898. — ab»it»
•6:O«a NUee, San Jose and Stations... •* *3 *
TiOOa Benicia, Suisun and Saotamento. . . . 10:43 a
7:OOa. MarjsTille, OrotlUe and Redding m
Woodland ;.. s*ls'
7:»»a Elmlra, VacaTllle and Rnmsey .... Bi4sp
Ti3Oa Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
I'aiUtoga »nd SanU Rosa 5. p
8iO»a Atlantic JCxpresa, Ogil«n and I'.ast.. »t**r
»i»Oa San .X»«, Ntocktoii. Valley Spring,
— lone, Sacramento, ; Maryifiile,
Chioo, Tehama and Ite.l Uluff.... £•'»'
H:SOa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. _J sI *'
•»i:3Oa Milton •••• 1il»r
8:OOa. Martinez, Twey. I^throp, Meroed ' =
undFreßno 1»«1SF
•t««A Fretmo, liakersfleld. Santa lUrtiara. .!.>
Los Angeles, Demlug, El Tuo. ■•
Now Orleans and Rasi •i4Br
........ Fresno, Mendots, Traoy and Mar- J^^'^'
tinez 6«43p
IO:OOa ValK-jo. Martinet and War Stations ?>4Sp
•liOOp Sacramento Hifer Bte»i>ißr« *»:«»p
l:O«r NUes. San Jnae and Way Stations... 1 ls4 s*
.:..... San Jose, Nile* and Way Stations... Jtt:l»A.
SiOOp Niles, Tracy, Mendota, H»nfi>rd and .
VlsaU» ■■■■• 4«13*
Livennore, San Jose, Nile* and Way ,
Stations.. |l»tl»A
litor Mitrtinez, San Uamon, Vallejo. <
• Napa, C«listoK», Xl Veraiio and '■■"- -
Khul* : -■ »tl»*
4iOOr Beuicla, Vacarnie, Woodland,
Knights Landing. Marysrille, Oro-
Tillß and Sacramento 1«:4«A
4<3np Haywards, N lies and San Jose 7»43*
S:OOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare, SanU liarbara and Los
. Auublms. 8»49a
SiOOr NauU K« Route. Atlantic press
for Mojuie anil Kaxt..... 6>49p
, »3ioop "l\»oific Coast LimiUd," XI Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Bock. St.
Lonix, Chicago and E»it f0143»
5:30? Ml.«, San June, Tracy, I.athrop,
Merced and Fresno. '
3>3op Stockton I«il»*
«!•«!■ Kur»p«au Mall. Ugiien and Kast.... 9:45 4
♦•:«*!• Vallejo l»xl»*
{7iOOp Vallejo, Port CosU and Way SU-
- tious J»i4»»
St«Op Orrsou K»i.r.-™,Kanrmneiitn, Marys-
?lllr, RocldliiK. rortlaml, Pnget
I • .Soiin.l ami Knat BilBa
i *AN I,KA\I>UO AM) lIAVWAItMS LOCAL.
(foot of Market Street.) ; -;
1 H*m««f, Ni-iiilimrj I'ark, (
■:OOa KBJrhU»ric, Klmhiinit, «2 I !,*
:J : 22* sa» l.i.ai,.lro,SoulhKa« «:•;s■*
ti»:i>ON Loren*», Cherrj • tlt4»r
<ito«r .. »««' B*i*»
.1:0(1 liar wards. <5:4.1p
7i«lOp i Runs through to Nllea 7:13*
i ) t From Nllea L____i
! COAST Ii!VInIO!S (Narrow ld*»se).
! (Foot of Market Street. I
- Bil3ANewark,CentcrTitie.SanJose,Felton.
Boulder Greek. Santa Ornx and Way '
Stations 3isoj
•«i!3p Newark, Centervitle, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
SanU Cruz and Principal Way
SUtions.. •!•:»«»
4:1. 1r Newark, San Jose and Los (latos... 9:204
1 1 1 i4sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
' Way SUtlops ■ t?»««t
CREEK ROOTE FERRY.
' from SIR mNCISM-rtot of lUrk«t Street (Slip 8)—
• •7:15 9:00 11:OIU.M. Jl:30 *3:00 13:01
•4:00 t3:00 *e:OOP.i«. ■ ■
rremOllUlD— r««t or Broad wi]r.—*e:OO 8:00 10:00 i.«.
n8:0B '1:00 ,13:00 •3:00 ti:00 »»:00r.M.
' COAST 01 VISION (Broad Uauge).
. ■ (Third and Townsend Sta.) - •■
7:00 a San June »ml Way SUtions (New ■■ "■
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) 1>«OB
J»:OO* Hun .lo««, Trea I'liuik S»iiU Oruz,
Parilic Uiore. l'axo Hollies, San
Luis Oblspo, (iuadalu|>e, Surf and *-" S';
Principal Way . stations .......... 4ilOi
1O:4«* Han .los» ami ay .Station *8>OO«
lIiSUa Baa Jose ami Way Stations SsSS*
- •ai4»r San Mat-., Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han .lose,
Gilt Hollbter. Saute Cms,
' Salinas. Monterey aud Pacltie
Grove..: '. ...;... *IO:38|
•S: :«n r San Jose and Way Stations.. ; '»:««
*-i>l3r San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations 0:-UH
" *S>WOrSauJose and Principal Way Station* 6sS3i
B:3ftr San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 5:3<U
0:: tOr San Joae and Way Stations... 7t3o|
i tll:15p Ban Jose and Way SUtlons 7i»O|
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
; * Fhuidays excepted. 1 Sundays only, t Saturdays only
' Ti Momlay* and Thursdays ISatordaysand Wednesday*
California
I Limited
Santa ft Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
. Cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY, FRIDAY. '
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving In New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car ~ and Eiectrio
Lighted Sleeping Car. _
This Train if In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SUIT FRANCISCO TIMEOfTiCE— MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1331.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 29l J Street.
San Jose Office— Vest Santa Clara Si
/^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
' faWlF^Sa In 1534 for the treatment of Prlrato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary.
625HEABNTKT, Kstabllsned
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
TiisHMPii, Lost Manhood. X>*b!lltyor
KaWS^vYfs* disease wearing on ix.d;. and mind and
SvaaSiSSwirt Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
, "nffttfigir* CnrHinarantffd. Callorwrite.
I "?. Dr. J, £*• UIBBON< Box 1»37, FrancUoci
910
THE SEAWALL
AND SANTA FE
TERMINALS
Water Front Improve
ment Demanded.
STREETS CLOSED TO TRAFFIC
SPARE PASSENGER SLIP AT THE
MARKET-STREET DEPOT
Legislature May Be Asked to Author
ize Issue of Bonds to Extend
the Seawall to the Mail
Deck.
The important section of San Francisco
adjacent to the recently acquired terminal
PRESENT CONDITION OF THE SITE OF THE SANTA FE TERMINAL.
lands cf the Atchison. Topeka and Santa
Fe Railway will, doubtless, secure great
benefits from the admission to the city
of the new transcontinental line. Since
the fact was made public that the com
pany had purchased the block bounded
by Bryant. Harrison, Main and Spear
streets, there has been an advance in
property values, and lease holdings are
now highly prized.
In order to utilize the new landed pos-
Bession the company may rush to secure
the surrender of certain leases. It is re
ported that G. Leisener, who occupies the
premises at 21 Bryant street, has declined
an offer of $5000 for the surrender of his
two-story frame building, and the lease of
the land on which the structure stands.
The railroad company will not be forced
however to submit to harsh conditions,
because additional land within the block
bounded by Main, Beale, Harrison and
Bryant streets, may be secured. Accord-
Ing to inside information an option has
already been secured for additional lots
In that locality.
The point is raised on the water front
that boats of the Santa Fe will find it
difficult on account of the swift tidal cur
rent to enter the Main street slip at other
than nlack water periods. The width of
the slip is 112 feet and the water is of
ample depth. Tiie Harbor Commissioners
are of the opinion that the tides will not
impede access to the slip. The Commis
sioners stand ready to lend the new com
pany all the facilities at their disposal.
TOOK A WIFE
FROM BOHEMIA
Jos. Salz' Choice Displeases
J-lis Family.
THE lights of Bohemia, are dim and the melody of Andalusia is wafted
on the night winds in broken and discordant strains. The satellites
of the Tenderloin mourn, for a good thing has passed beyond the
power of their wiles and fascinations, and the well-filled purse that once
was the ready source of many a bacchanalian revel loosens now its string
only to supply the needs of the wife.
Joseph W. Salz, thorough-going sport, has joined the army of benedicts.
But alas, his union has brought down on him the displeasure of a relent
less parent and the cold shoulder and ostracism of society, for he has
mated to please himself. Tudie Graham, fascinating Tudie of some twen
ty-three summers, whose charms, while captivating, are none the less un
savory, because of the gild and glare of the Tenderloin that in the eyes of
the strict moralist taints them, has proven the undoing of Salz. The couple
were married in this city on the 6th of last October, and are now residing
In Capitola, Santa Cruz County. Joe has sold his horses and traps, sent
for his personal effects and forever shaken from his feet the dust of the
city. The doors of his home have been closed against him.
The story is an old one, but for all that It loses none of its sadness and
only sympathy can go out to the parents of the young man. while for
himself— well, he or she who is without stain can cast the first stone.
Joseph Salz socially is down. "And of course being down should be be
reft of hope and friends,"' for he has transgressed the relentless precepts
of society, in that be, a man of education and social standing, has mar
ried a woman of the Tenderloin.
Joseph Salz formerly hf-ld the secretaryship of the Herman Waldeck
Company. He commanded a fine salary and was one of the swell young
men about town. Naturally in nightly revels with friends he became a
well-known personage to the denizens of the Tenderloin, and in this way
it was that he met the fascinating Tudie. She had come to the city from
Capitola, and when she met young Salz she made a rapid and complete
conquest. For a while the couple are said to have lived at 1364 Webster
street, where they had apartments.
The woman's power over the young man seemed to cause him to lose
all responsibility and to ignore all his obligations to his home and friends.
The breach widened and the doors of his home were closed against him.
Thon It was that young Salz. blindly determined against all the conse
quences, flew In the face of the world's disapproval, and as a last resource
grappled with honor In the unequal combat and made the woman his
wife.
It is now understood that the Main
street terminal of the Santa Fe is for
freight business only. There is sUI a
spare slip at the depot, foot of Market
street, for passenger boats, and two extra
.slips can be provided should there be fur
ther demand for passenger terminals.
The Santu Fe people may make some ar
rangement with the Oakland Rapid
Transit Company for ferry service. Ne
gotiations in this direction are said to be
under way. The indications are that the
Santa Fe will be able to offer to the trav
eling public better service than has ever
been given to the people of San Francisco.
An era of development surely awaits
the section of the city contiguous to the
Santa Fe freight terminals. The disburse
ment of money by the city as well as by
the State will be rendered necessary by
the new conditions. On tne city s part for
many years neglect has been the rule, and
anything like attention to the require
ments of commerce has been a marked
exception to the rule. To-day many of
the streets are closed. The open streets
other than those within the jurisdiction of
the Board of Harbor Commissioners, pre
sent examples of neglect and dilapidation
most discreditable to the municipality.
The demand for the extension of the
-.a wall to embrace this region of the wa
ter front will be made in a manner to
command public attention. With the ex
tension of the wall will come the opening
and improvement of streets leading di
rectly to deep water wharves. The Belt
Railroad can never accomplish the ends
which the public had in view when con
struction was authorized until the seawall
is extended from the point midway be
tween Market and Mission streets, where
it now ends, to the Mail Dock. Roughly
estimated, four sections, or nearly 4<)00
; wall, must be put in to round off
the system. The cost of extending the
wall to the* Mail Dock, embracing the ex
pense of removing existing wharves, will
approximate (800,000.
The long and short of the matter is that
'.1./' Harbor Commissioners cannot pay out
$4631 monthly to meet the interest on the
new depot bonds and provide means from
current collections to pay for seawall ex
tension. The Legislature, however, may
be requested to authorize the board to is
sue bonds for the extension of the wall.
Eleven sections of seawall— 92o3 feet —
have already been constructed at an av
erage cost of $175 26 per foot, and a total
cost of $1,6i2.000. The projected work to
ward the Mall Dock from the wall's end.
between Mission and Market, Is likely to
cost more than $175 per foot.
The interest payments which must be
met from water front revenues will con
tinue until the expiration of twenty years
from the date of the bond issue. On the
water front from Mission street to the
Mail Dock the burden of keeping a thor
oughfare open for commercial accommo
dation falls chiefly on the State. From
the Mail Dock to Spear street the city
seems to have abandoned all effort to
keep an avenue open.
Trie Belt Railroad, in operation along
the seawall from Vallejo to Powell street.
has to some extent met the expectations
of the public. At Lombard street wharf,
for example, ship and car actually join.
The road is not self-sustaining. Inquiry
discloses the fact that the Commissioners
take a car from the boat to a freight sta
tion for a toll of 75 cents. The Eastern
Bfor similar service is $2.
is predicted on the water front that
arrival of the Santa Fe cars will bring
Jt an era of prosperity, development
improvement.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
LONG SHOTS
HAD A DAY
AT INGLESIDE
Leiter Breezed In at
Odds of 60 to 1.
BONNIE IONE A SURPRISE
ROSINANTE BEATEN FOR THE
HANDICAP BY OSTLER JOE.
Kaiser Ludwig Headed Out Yankee
Doodle With 30 to 1 Against Him.
Outaway Extensively Played
by the Smart Ones.
The disagreeable state of the weather
did not prevent a good-sized crowd from
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE KACE TRACK, Thursday, Nov. 17, 1898.— Fourth day
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track good.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
g;
; purse.
Index.. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
... Lelter 106] 3
... Jerry Hunt 1061 ">
213 Boardman 106 0
213 Don't Tell 103) 8
... Wrinkles' 103 I
... The Offering 103 7
... Dunpralse 110 2
157 St. Krlatine 1071 1 __
2 h
1 3
3 1
6 Vi
4 2
7 H
5 h
8_
2 4
1 6
4 2
3 ',4
E h
6 1
75
8
2 3
1 2
4 '/*
3 2
5 1
6 1
7 5
8
1%
2 h
3 4
4 3
5 4
6 1
72
8
j
IHouck
jWard
[Bfeauehamp ..,
iWainright ...
'Powell
i Norton
lEverson
5
6
>6
6
6
10
10
8-5
25
4
4
8
20
75
20
7-5
IRutter
Time— l:o3l4. Winner, H. L. Jones & Co.'s b. c. by imp. Piccolo-Alice Jennings. Good
start. Won first three driving-
Letter surprised his stable. St. Kristine broke It up badly as barrier went up. Jerry
Hunt was very tired at finish. Dunpralse won't do.
QQA SECOND RACE— One mile; selling;
; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
*«m.
Str.
Jockeys.
212 Bonnie lone, 3 101] 3 2>,fc 21 21 12 1 U Powell 6 7
210 Dr. Hernays. 3 9S 4 3h 3h 4H4 41 22 Ward 7-5 S-5
... Heigh Ho, 3 9S| 1 5 2 4 2 I % 3i 2 3 h J. Relff 3-2 f,
212 CoL Dun, 3 10112 11 12 ] iv Jh 4 '-. Woods 3 3
204 Treachery, 6 187 5 7 6 2 CIO fi 2.1 si McGavln 8 20
... Peter the Second. 6.110 j fi 6 2 5 2 5 1 5 1 640 E. Jones 12 S
... Zorazzo. 4 110| 7 417 7 7_ 7 Rector 15 100
Time— l:43%. Winner, J. Cochran'a eh. f. by imp. Rosslngton-Bourne O. Good start.
Won first three driving.
Col. Dan dogged it badly. Dr. Bernays was best but Ward was late In getting up with
him. McGavln on Treachery is a very weak rider. Heigh Ho Is near ready.
3
4
1
7
2 .i,4
3 h
5 2
1 1
7
62
4 1
2 1
3 h
1 2
6 2
5 2
7
2 1
4 1%
3 '.4
• 1 ]',
C 10
5 1
7
1 2
4 1
I '2
' ,h, h
C 25
6 1
7
1 Vi
2 2
3 h
4 V 3V 3
5 tt
6 40
|l"OWfMl
Ward
J. Relff ......
Woods
McOavln
E. Jones
6
7-5
3-2
3
8
12
15
7
S-5
6
3
20
8
100
IRector
OQ f THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purso, $4CO.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
&m.
Str.
194 Kaiser Ludwlg, 4... 112
... Yankee Doodle, 5.. 112
205 McFarlane, 6 109
... Mainstay. 6 112
ISS Masoero, 5 H9|
207 Sweet William, 4.. 1121
211 Zamar 11. 4 1001
194 Kaiser Ludwlg, 4. ..112 5 ... 514 5 >,£ 4^ Ins T. Mcllugh .. 8 10
... Yankee Doodle, 5. .112 2 ... 1 H 11 11 2 IV4 Bullman 5-2 2
205 McFarlane, 6 109 3 ... 31 31 21 3^ Powell 8 ->0
... Mainstay, 6 112 4 ... 4h 41 3»4 4h Shields 7-2 4
16S Masoero, 5 119| 1 ... 2h 2Vi 5 s'£ Keauohamp .. 15 50
207 Sweet William, 4. .1121 7 ... 7 7 6 1 6 2 |Ward 10 20
j^Zamar 11. 4 109)6 ... 6 1 6% 7 7 |H. Martin .... 8-5 11-5
2
3
4
1
7
6
5 ',4
1H
3 1
4 h
2 h
7
61
5 14
. 1 1
3 1
4 1
2 *4
7
6%
4 H
1 1
2 1
3*4
6%
6 1
7
1 ns
2 IV4
3 Vi
4 h
5 4
C 2
7 "
T. Mcllugh ..
Bullman
Powell
Shields
Keauohamp ..
Ward
H. Martin ....
Time— l:l6!4- Winner, E. H. Roland's b. h. by Ludwlg-Freeda. Pair start. Won first
three driving. »
Yankee Doodle was a trifle short. His work in private causeti the play. The winner
is an improved horse. Zamar received an intermittent ride. No educated money was lost
on him.
QQO FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; handicap; all ages; purse. $500.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
... Ostler Joe, 5 11012 2 1 2 2 2 2 11 11 IPiggott 8-5 7-2
.190 Rosinante, 4 107 4 SI 3^ 4 3 3 ',£ 2 2 JRutter 2 8-5
190 Satsuma, 6 114 5 6 D 3 1 4 4 3?. IJor.es 4 7-2
214 Babieca, 3 i> 9 1 i l 2 2 410 IJ. Reiff 15 30
201 Rainier. 2^. '■•'-' 3 4 8 4 2 5 5 5 [McCarthy .... 5 9-2
Time, 1:28%. Winner, W. D. Randall's blk. h. by Fresno-Sister to Jim DouglasT Bad
start Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Satsuma refused to break when harrier went up. losing: several lengths. It cost him the
race. McCarthy on Rainier scrambled the eggs badly. Babieca will bear watching from
now on.
2
4
5
1
3
2 1
3 1
1 2
4_B
2 2
3 V 4
5
1 2
4 2
2 2
4 3
I 1
1 1
5
11
3 %
4 4
2 2
1 1
2 2
3 ?.
4 10
5
i-iguoit.
Rutter
Jones
J. Roiff
McCarthy
8-5
2
4
15
5
7-2
8-5
7-2
30
9-2
qqO FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index.. Horse.
Weight.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
'06 Rosormonde 109 1 ... 3 2 2 1 1% 13% ißullman 1 3-2
UJ Novte I" 9 3 ••• v 1 '-4 2 4 2 1 jPowell 10 8
(13?.) La Maroma 109 4 ... 3 % 3 5 IRutter 5-2 5-2
212 Formella y .^ .■■-■ 109 2 •■• 2% 33 4 4 jjones 3 5-2
' Time. 1:13V4- Winner, J. Xaglee Burke"s b. f. by Ormonde-imp. Fairy Rose. Good start
Won easily- Second and third driving.
The winner had nothing to beat. Formella Is a mystery. Good to-day and bad to-
morrow La Maroma upheld the stable reputation.
1
3
4
2
3 2
1 1
4
2 Vi
2 1
1 \<l
3 3
1 Vi
2 4,
3%
4
1 3Vi
2 1
3 5
4
Bullman
Powell
Rutter
Jones
qq i SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
205 Outaway. 5 104
211 Mamie Scot, 6 101
193 Durward, 4 99
209 Anabasis. 4 104
209 Jack o* Lantern. 4.101
178 Alvero, f> 99|
i
i 2
; 3
I 6
1 h
4 h
2 2
6
3%
6%
1 Vi
4 h
2 1
6
3 1
5 V,
13
4 3
2 2
6
3 V,
.6%
1 5
2^
3 5
4 1
-6 3 ,
6
Bullman
Powell
J. Relff
3 6-2
3 7-2
15 S
8 12
9-r. n-5
12 15
Jones
H. Martin....
Evans
Time, 1:15. Winner, Kelly Bros.' b. h. by Blue Eyes-Etna. Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. ,
The light In Lantern burned out rapidly. The winner was backed for a "Wiling."
Mamie Scot was pocketed a greater portion of the route.
attending the races at Ingleside yester
day, and surprises in plenty awaited them.
Leiter. a maiden two-year-old, took the
opening event at odds ranging from 25 to
60 to 1, following which Bonnie lone, a 10
to 1 chance, downed a shifty bunch in the
mile run. Yankee Doodle, a heavily
backed choice, then had his light put out
by Kaiser Ludwig, a 30 to 1 outsider.
Rosinante finished second to Ostler Joe
in the handicap, starting favorite, and
there the dumps in a measure ceased.
Rosormonde, a first choice, and Outaway,
a heavily backed second choice, managed
to annex the two following events.
Bookmaker Hughey Jones overlooked an
opportunity to give the ring a severe jolt
ing in the two-year-old scramble for
maidens, first on the card. Leiter, with
Houck on his back, went to the post at
all sorts of prices, and overtaking Jerry
Hunt the last fifty yards, beat the Schrei
ber entry a scant length. St. Kristine,
the heavily backed favorite, got all tan
gled up soon after the start, finishing last.
Dr. Bernays, with Ward up, had first
call in the betting on the mile selling run,
with a field of seven going to the post,
and only a late run beat him out of the
purse. Bonnie lone, ridden by Powell,
collared the tiring Colonel Dan less than
a furlong from home and in a hard drive
led the favorite out a short half length.
Heigh Ho made a good showing, taking
the show from Colonel Dan by a head.
Trainer Bill Murry said Yankee Doodle
was never better, and all sorts of coin
went into the books on the sprinter, mak
ing him favorite over Zamar. After mak
ing all the running, the hot clip told the
last sixteenth, and he was headed out by
Kaiser Ludwig, on which McHugh rode a
very pretty race.
Five started in the handicap over seven
furlongs, with Coffey's mare Rosinante
enjoying first call in the betting. There
was a healthy play on her at odds of 7 to
5 and better, but no big money went that
way. At the last moment a plunge was
made on Ostler Joe. his friends getting
aboard at 7 to 2. Babieca, the rank out
sider, caused a scare by moving along
easily in front to the stretch, but there
had enough. Joe then assumed command
and Piggott won cleverly with him by a
length. Roslnante was second, two
lengths ahead of Satsuma.
At odds of 3 to 2 Rosormonde ran circles
around a cheap trio of platers in the six
furlong purse run. The highly br*d mars
won with ease from Novia. while La Ma
roma and Formella, two well-played one§,
finished in the order named.
The closing event on the card, a cheap
six-furlong sprint, went to Outaway. a
highly touted one. He made the running
from the first lump, winning at pleasure
from Mamie Scot, Jack o f Lantern
closed favorite, but never looked danger
ous.
Turf Notes.
Charles Korr, the well-Known breeder,
is up from his Kern County ranch.
Hughey Jones said after the races that
l:05 J i for five furlongs was the best time
Leiter had pver shown, and he let the
youngster run loose.
Mike Daly got in from the East yes
terday morning with a string of seven
horses, among them the useful colt Froh
man. Mike has a young son that is said
to be another Danny Maher. In the car
with the Daly horses Sam Hildreth ship
ped Bellicoso and St. Calatine. St.
Gatien, the English sire recently pur
chased by J. B. Haggin, was dropped off
at Sacramento.
Martin Klttleman and his brother con
cluded to try California again, and are
here with a select string of bread-win
ners. Joe Weber, a younger brother of
John and Charley, has been doing their
riding in the East.
"Skeets 1 " Martin made his reappearance
in the saddle here on Zamar in the third
event, and created anything but a favor
able impression. After receding in the
betting from favortism. the sprinter
made a miserable showing, finishing last
of his field.
Billy Magrane's horses will get in here
from St. Louis on Saturday night. In
the lot are Montgomery. Master Buck,
Free Lady and What-er-Lou.
Seventeen bookmakers weighed in yes
terday. Hugh^y Jones and Arthur Riggs
took a rest, wfiile Herman Hoffman, a re
cent arrival, took a hand.
The Baldwin yearlings will be sold on
Saturday evening at the Occidental Horse
Exchange.
Tom Ryan, with a big stable of money
getters, is due to arrive Saturday night.
A race for gentlemen riders will be one
of the features of the card on Thanksgiv
ing day.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Itace — Six furlongs; two-year-olds:
20$ Casdale 113 203 Olinthus 113
203 I.ok Medanos ..113 169 Jennie Reid ....115
(174)Ventoro 115 203 Limewater 113
201 Espionage 115 >
Second Race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and up:
(2O4)Mi.«tral II 112 (21<!)Captlve 107
(212) San Venado ....109 215 Buckwa 106
Third Race — One and a quarter miles; selling:
2<M Twinkle Twink.lo-V 200 Red Glenn 10*
204 Porsonne 104 ! 216 Bernardlllo 104
210 Benamela 104; Plunger 101
Fourth Race — Five furlongs; selling:
201 Bliss Ruoker .. 35 211 Toriblo lf>3
211 Little Alarm ..1021 ... Flora Hawks ..ins
... First Call 11l 197 Ed Gartland ....102
209 Lady Britannic. 107 ■ 200 Tom Smith 107
209 Aluminum 103 i
Fifth Race — Six furlongs; selling:
lv Magnus 104] 212 Ockturuck 104
1^ Fleming 100 220 Col. Dan 107
(2H>our Climate ...109 ... Gratify 99
212 Imperious 941 205 Pat Morrissey...ll3
Sixth Race— One mile; selling:
214 Stan Powers ....107| 154 Stepabout 98
214 Tom Calvert ... 94! 214 Kruna 100
216 Cabrlllo 10!»! ...Gratify 107
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Ventoro, Los Medanos, Espion
age.
Second Race— Buckwa, Captive, Mistral 11.
Third Race— Personne, Red Glenn, Bernar
dlllo.
Fourth Race— Ed Gartland, Little AJarm,
Torlblo.
Fifth Race— Pat Morriasey. Our Climate, Col.
Dan.
Sixth Race— Cabrillo, Tom Calvert, Stepabout.
FLEET DOGS AT INGLESIDE.
The Consolation Stake From Merced
to Be Bun Off To-Morrow on
the Inclosed Field.
A Merced Consolation stake will be run
off to-morrow at Ingleslde Coursing
park In addition to the regular all-age
stake. There Is a fine array of fleet dogs
on the card, and a rare day of sport is
expected. The do^s are all in the best of
condition. The leashmen are sure of one
thing when they go to Ingleside and tuat
is the hares will run fast. The following
dogs are on the card for to-morrow:
Merced Consolation Stake— P. J. G. Kenna's
Jesse J'oore vs. A. Massey's Beauty; F. Foley's
Fleet Wings vs. T. McHugh's Matchless;
White Earth Kennels' Dakota vs. F. Moran's
Royal Prize; H. McNeil's Sportsman vs. D.
Shannon's Gilt Edge; H. Spring's Willful vs.
M. Allen's Miss Alice; Penelope Kennels' Las
Palmar vs. J. Myrne's Nelly B; Lowe & Thomp
son's Quk-kptitch vs. H. Spring's Pat Malloy;
O. H. Hoas; Jr.'s Jean Beraud vs. H. A.
Deckelman's Pet Kirby; Russell & Wilson's
Jennie Wilson vs. J. Eagan's Mayflower; P.
Rielly's Jlmmle Rix vs. Captain Clarkson's
Lady Jane; O'Connell Bros.' Senorlta vs. Nally
& Morley's White Diamond; L. Robinet's Mon
tana vs. Dillon & Rielly's Revolver; D. Hoop
er's White Rocket vs. T. J. Cronln's Rose of
Tralee; J. Dean's Mialmo vs. J. Quane's Flash
light: Russell & Wilson's Glen Rosa vs. Dillon
& Rieily's Get There; W. Halpin's Florence N
vs. P. Smart's Sllkwood.
Open Stake— O'Nell & O'Hanrahan's Promise
Me vs. T. J. Healy's Pastime; H. A. Deckel
man's Glen Roy vs. J. Murnane's Miss Divi
dend; H. R. Baldwin's Forget vs. F. Moran's
Van Kirk; G. Reidy's Berneice vs. R. Mc-
Laughlln's Coolrane; Eclipse Kennels' Innis
falien vs. H. R. Baldwin's Brutus; Larkey &
Rofk'a Liberty Bell vs. T. McHugh's Irene A;
P. J. G. Kenna'a Lawrence vs. D. Rodger's
Jack of Spades; J. Eagan's Billy Gladstone vs.
P. A. Gafney's Sir John Arnott; Lowe &
Thompson's Phoebe vs. J. Farley's Mystic; A.
Johnson's Lissak vs. H. R. Baldwin's ;
C. D. Taylor's Cy vs. R. O'Shea's Mickey: P.
J. G. Kenna's Flyaway vs. T. J. Cronln's Iron
Duke; T. A. Gafney's Loraine vs. J. Dean's
Brilliantine; A. Van den Burgh's American
Eagle vs. T. Logan's Miss Grizzle; D. Hooper's
P.f-ndalongr vs. H. Hansen's L. S. Conley; J.
O'Dowd's Mission Tf.p vs. J. Dean's Moondyne;
Eclipse Kennels' Killarnoy Lass vs. J. O'Shea's
Young America; Dr. J. Walsh's Sharkey vs.
Lowe ft Thompson's High Born Lady; Vina
Kennels' Harkaway II vs. A. Massey's Hadl
■wist; E. Brader's Magnus vb. P. j. G. Kenna's
Fox Kenny.
ACADEMIC FOOTBALL.
St. Mary's and Santa Clara Will Line
Up at Central Park.
On Saturday afternoon the St. Mary's
football team will line up against the
Santa Clara eleven at Central Park. Both
teams arc in line fettle, and the academic
encounter of the year is expected.
The Oaklanders have been coached by
R. Frick. the old Reliance player, for the
past two weeks. The eleven is working
hard every night, and anticipate victory.
Tht> Santa Clara boys have not been neg
lecting opportunities if the reports from
that institution are not exaggerated.
There will be a big following of each
team at the game.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, November 17.
Pchr Nettie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
R«yes.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 17— Schr Roy
Somers, hence Nov 5.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Nov 17— Stmr Belgen
land, for Philadelphia; stmr Teutonic, for New
York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Italia,
from Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Nov 17— Stmr
Maine, from London.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 17— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Nov 17— Stmr Maas
dam, for New York.
*Ars t KANCISCO cALI.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. _
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. . _j.
T.— Officers and members are hereby "-fiffl^
notified to assemble in the asylum ££
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at i :30
o'clock, to attend the reception of the
M. E. Grand Master, Sir Reuben H. Lloyd.
By order of ' _ *■ •••-vi '— ■'■
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES I _Recorder I_____1 _____
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection m^
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI-
DAY) EVENING, November 18, at 8 ft
o'clock. Fourth degree. «/3ia
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary- * st^^_
REGULAR meeting and election, of . <f >^
officers of the Caledonian Club _. \Myj2
THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock. Polls '^2vi_ f
open at - B:3d and close at 9:30. *-mS^
Scottish Hall, 111 Larkin st. "" i l^,'.V ■
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary. ■
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from George W. Allen and E. P.
Thomas in the Hangman's Gulch mine, near
Placerville, El Dorado County, to deposit
tailings in Hangman's ravine; from Sam B.
Lusk and J. J. Millar, in the Sampson min-
ing claim. in Gold Lake mining district. Si-
erra County, to deposit tailings in a ravine
below the mine: from E. Reynolds and F.
Carter in the Morrlstown mine, near Port
Wine, Sierra County, to deposit tailings In
west branch of Little Canyon Creek; from
George D. H. Meyers, in the Myers placer
mine, near Placerville, El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings in Johnson's North Can-
yon; and from Frank and Antone Leveroni.
in the Corsica mine, near Sierra City, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in old pits, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
59 Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
November 2S. 1898. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting.— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market St.. San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber, 1593, at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to serve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Thursday, November 10. IS9B, at -3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
$100 000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins: low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant aye. j
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fall* or no fee: free diagnosis. 100 Halcht «t.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cents per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
Ft., on Rnd after Thursday, December 1, 1898.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Novem-
ber 25, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
:■"■.-:;.,: ■"■.-: ;., E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 61 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Monday, November 21, 1898. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, November 15. 189S, at
3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation: first-
class waitress and second girl; can take but-
ler's place; best . references. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swiss girl desires situation at
housework and cooking, $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation as
first-class waitress and second girl; good
seamstress: best of references. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
best references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse and seam-
stress desires situation; best reference. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A SUPERIOR Danish cook and laundress de-
sires situation; 2 years in last place. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress
•.desires situation; best . of reference. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. , F'.-rF '.-r ,l
SWEDISH, also a German cook, best of refer-
ences, desire situations. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Norwegian girl desires a situa-
tion to do cooking and housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE American woman wants work
. by the day; fine laundress; good worker; 75e
and car fare; other work. $1 and car fare.
276 Jessie st., room 1, downstairs; Ist floor.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires a situation as
first-class cook In family or hotel; city or
country; can give first-class references. Please
call or address box 1989, Call office. ■'■:•'-:.■-.:
MIDDLE-AGED American woman desires posi-
tion as housekeeper or assistant in a lodging
house; references; city or country. H., box
44, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— By a reliable, refined, experienced
young woman, a situation as child's nurse;
highest city references. Call 131 Wildey st.,
off Steiner. '
MOTHER and daughter want places; mother
as cook and daughter as waitress or cham-
bermaid; no trlflers. 12A Mason st.
RELIABLE woman wants work by day, week
or month; good cook and laundress; can do
housework; moderate wages. 1209 V» Polk st.
LAUNDRESS, first-class, wishes situation; has
best references. Box 1991. Call office.
EXPERIENCED hand at dressmaking wishes
some work. 1511 Clay St.. near Hyde.
GERMAN nurse, experienced and with good
references wishes to take care of children.
Address 131 Post St., room 20.
WANTED— By a first-class woman, general
housework. 445 First st. ■"■■.■* i'fi
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as a
housekeeper or cook on ranch; best of refer-
ences. 915 Minna St., off Tenth.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call or ad-
dress 4372 Twenty-fifth st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation as
. children's nurse: would assist with sewing or
upstairs work; good references. 445 O'Farrell.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to do
general housework; wages $10 to $12. Box
1988, Call effice. "
YOUNG Scottish woman wants housework by
. the day; active, trustworthy; good recom-
mendation. Apply by letter, M. E., 114 Hayes.
COOK wants situation in first-class hotel or
restaurant; good meat cutter and baker- best
references. Box 1956, Call office.
LAUNDRESS wishes work by the day; private
family: references. Address box 1997, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a good, competent girl
for housework and cooking; wages $25. Please
call at 1610 Baker st., near Pine.
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation in a
small family as cook or housework: good
city references. Apply 767 Harrison st.
WOMAN wishes to do laundry work by the
day in private families. 1258 Union st.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by th«
day. Address 1941 Mission st. E. J.
YOUNG lady, good reader, herself well read,
would like to secure engagements by the hour
to read to children, invalids and others de-
slring such services. Address box 1980, Call.
FRENCH-SPEAKING lady, many years' ex-
perlence in teaching, position as governess or
companion or dally governess in refined fam-
lly; city or country. Box 1976, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires a situation as
housekeeper or to take care of children; can
give good references. 137V4 Silver St., between
Third and Fourth.
GIRL about 15 would like to take care
of 1 baby about 2 years old. Please call at
61 Zoe st.. bet. Third and Fourth, Bryant and
Brannan.
COMPETE, T Scandinavian girl wants situa-
tion; general housework; American family.
1374 Stevenson st.. bet. Mission and Va-
lencia, near Thirteenth.
MIDDLE-.AGED woman wants a situation to
do housework: would like work Immediately.
Call at 313 Seventh at. -
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, wishes situa-
. tion as working housekeeper; good cook and
seamstress. Call or address 267"% Stevenson.
ELDERLY woman, German cook, perfect in
■ all styles of cooking and baking, wishes sit-
uation; city or country. Address 923 Pine st.
NICE young German girl would like situation
, for light housework or upstairs girl; wages
$12 to $15. 998 Sanchez st. Tel. Blue 1257.
GERMAN. woman wishes employment; can do
general housework, sewing and plain cook-
in?. 223 Hickory aye. *.■:
FIRST-CLASS cook with best of references
wishes situation. Address 1114 Campbell St.,
West Oakland Station, Oakland.
HOME wanted for a girl 11 years old with the
■ privilege of going to school. For particulars
' Inquire at 1030 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED | young lady wishes position
as clerk in notion or confectionery store;
wages $5 per week. Please address R. 8., 215
- Parnassus aye.. near Stanyan st.
SITUATION wanted by Swedish girl at second
work and waiting: private house: parlor work
and waiting preferred:, best of references.
Call 1059 Pacific st. .■- __L-_L
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants ■' position as
housekeeper; can take full charge of chil-
. dren; ■ references exchanged; city or country.
: Address 3t.C.. 522 Stockton st. J
SITUATIONS WANTED—
WANTED— Situation as housekeeper by conT '
petent German woman; good cook. Address
522 Stockton st.. MISS KENNEDY.
1 — • i
STENOGRAPHER, competent, experienced '
good references, desires position; salary mod-
erate. -Box 1954, Call office.
$ICO,OCO to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates -
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant av«£«
SITUATIONS WANTED— jiALE.
MIDDLE-AGED willing man desires situation-
any kind of work: small wages. MISS CUL-
LKN, 325 Sutter st.
JAPANKdE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind*
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment UCnca;
best help. 414% O'Farrell at.: tel. East Mi.
POULTRYMAN— A thoroughly competent, re-
liable middle-aged man who has had 1,", years'
experience with poultry on a large scale, de-
sires a position: Is thoroughly familiar with
the care of incubators. Address Poultryman,
box 1957. Call office. •
FRENCHMAN and wife, desire situations with
well-to-do family; man able to attend to
horses or general work around house; wife
good cook, sewer and housewoman. Box 1992.
Call office.
ELDERLY man, good cake baker ana" nna
ornamenter, wants a light place; small wages.
Please call or address Cake Baker, 1&00 Stock-
ton st., grocery store.
SITUATION wanted by a man from New
Haven, Conn., around private house, club or
institution. Box 1998, Call office.
POSITION in city barber shop by steady, tem-
perate man; small wages; respectable- treat-
ment. Box 1994. Call office.
SITUATION wanted as room clerk or porter
or most anything; good city references. Ad-
dress box 1993. Call. ___^
JAPANESE young boy wants situation aa
schoolboy or housework In small family. T.
F., ISOB Polk st. J
WANTED— as porter in hotel or
warehouse or bartender. Box 1512, Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants position aa schoolboy
In a family. T. KUROSAWA. 121 Halght st.
POSITION by a young man to drive delivery
wagon or work around stable. Box 1515. Call.
COMPETENT hotel man wants situation as
chef or steward: excellent references; econom-
ical sober. Al worker: moderate salary. Ad-
dress KERSTEN, 1514 Powell st.
WANTED, by an intelligent middle-aged
American— Work with family; is handy, abl*
and willing: small wages; good home. Box
1983, Call.
SITUATION by man and wife; wife to act as
cook: man can do any kind of work; city or
country. Call or address 631 Mission st.
YOUNG German gardener wishes position In
nursery or private family. Address 2103
Larkln st. -
STRICTLY sober young man wants situation
in any capacity. Box 1964. Call office.
WORK on a small farm or ranch by respect-
able young man. Box 1975, Call office. '
SINGLE man, understands the care of horses,
also garden work and is handy with tools,
desires position. Box 1551. Call office.
COOK wants a situation; hotel or boarding
house; good reference; country preferred.
Call 120 A Eddy st., room 5.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference: state tha
wages. J. A. MACDONALD. 214 Third st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar- I
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $1 50 to M.M
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings:
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— governess, German, Eng-
lish branches and music; steady position and
travel around the world, $25; see lady here
2:30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 WAITRESSES, city and country. $20, $22 50;
2 chambermaids to wait, $18 and $20; 4 res-
taurant waitresses, $5; chambermaid, $15;
cook. Belvedere, 2 in family, $25; houseglrl,
for ranch, short distance, $20. call early;
Swedish cook, $25; houseglrl, small family,
$25, and a great many girls for city and
country, $15. $20, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary St. ; '^_
GOVERNESS wanted— Protestant woman, be-
tween 25 and 40 yean} of age,' for grown child-
ren; country town; one who can teach Ger-
man and music; references required; see
lady here. Apply to MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
NEAT woman for cooking and housework, etc.,
on ranch; ?25; see party here.) MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. f-~* - .-•, ,
WAITRESS; restaurant; $5 per week. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. . • .
NURSE girl; $8. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
street.
AN Irish girl as cook; $20; country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter street. ,f> :
GERMAN seamstress and maid; $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, American family of 3, $30; German
nurse, $20: 3 Protestant German and Scandi-
navian cooks. $25; 3 conks, boarding-house and
institution, $20 and $25; 5 waitresses, .$l5 and
$20 and $5 week, and girls for cooking and 1
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sut-
ter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress for country ho-
tel. $20. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay St.
WANTED — We will Instruct a limited number
of young girls in our white and flannel shirt
departments. STANDARD SHIRT FAC-
TORY, corner Gough and Grove sts.
YOUNG girl to help: family of 3; good home;
$5 per month. Apply at 2223 Webster st., cor-
ner Washington, bet. 9 a.m. and 3 p. m. only.
GOOD waitress wanted. ' 52S Fourth st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $15. 1218 A
Fulton st. . - . . ■
Chambermaid. 8 Mason st.
GIRL for cooking and general housework for
Santa Rosa; wages $15. Apply 822 Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS waist or skirt hand wanted at
1423 Polk st. _____^^
WANTED Young girl to wash dishes in small
restaurant. 345V4 Third st.
GIRL about 16 to take care of a, child. 1789
Post st. ,
YOUNG German Catholic girl to tend bakery.
Call at 3856 Seventeenth st. .
FIRST-CLASS tailoress to help on coats. 233
Minna st. -.
GIRL for second work and waiting. J2O; cook,
no washing. $30. 631 Larkin st.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; also ap-
prentices. 927 Market St., room 623.
$100 000 to loan; low interest: private en.: »en-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris, IS Grant aT«.
W A.NTED— By a first-class ladles' tonsorlal
parlor, a young lady of refinement to learn
the barber business. Call or write to Ladies
Shaving Parlor. 1193 Market st. L_l__
WANTED— Lady or gent; pleasant •work; good j
wages; experience not necessary. 136 6th. r. I. |
PLEASANT, profitable employment for wo-
man of education. Apply 1203& Bush st.
LADIES and girls, to do piece work at home;
steady emply: embroidery taught. 546 sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; P° 9l "° D a
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell 103 Po«t.
WANTED-Operators on flannel" ove ™ b }??i*.?
few inexperienced hands taken and ****»*-
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. Fremont it.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good position.:
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
4 MARKET ST.-Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP ~ WANTED— MALE.
YOUNG German to drive milk wagon; city ex-
Derience and references; $25 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
COOKS ....BAKERS.. PORTERS. ETC.
German baker, $11 week; cooks, different
country hotels. $35. $30 and $25; cooks tor
Seattle, $50; waiters, city and country. $25
and $30- dishwashers, etc.; disnwasher. large
mining hotel, $25 and found. . MURRAY A
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. : ■ ■
MURRAY & READY. MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY
Teamsters and laborers, city work..sl 75 day
Farm hands $20 and $15 and found
Buggy washers . and stablemen, $40 and $30
and found: driver for milk wagon, $30 and
found; boys to learn trade
Men to dig potatoes, etc '.
Barber, country; tailor, country
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay it.
2 MINERS, $2 60 a day, gold quartz, see boss
here; milker, $20; woodchoppers. 75c to $1 50 a
cord. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
NIGHT cook who can wait at table, $30 and
room ; knife * cleaner, • $25; bread : pantryman,
' $25; washer, $30; pot washer. $25: glass
, pantryman, $25: vegetableman, $25^ assistant
: vegetableman, $20; 2 .neat ■ restaurant, porter
boys, $20; arm waiter. $30; waiter, country ,
hotel, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary. I
IRONER, collar and , cuff machine. . C. R. I
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. . ... |
WANTED— MiddIe-aged bookkeeper and sten- ,
ographer, ' $75; • farmer, . $25: teamsters, $1 75
day: laborers, $1 60 day; coal miners. jl ton;
■ short order cook. • $40; waiters, ■, kitchen men
• and others. Apply to J. F. CROSBTT ft CO..
623 Sacramento st. .HELP WANTED— Continued. ;
WANTED— PIain carpenter for repair work on j
ranch, near city, $1 BO per day and board: 3 j
1 pruners for orchard, near city, $26 per month !
' and board; also farmers, milkers; neat office
boy, $4 per week; lunch cook, nice place,
must be young man. $40; and others. W. D.
EWER _ CO., '-■■ Clay st.
TO go to-day— 2o ti< makers. 9c and lie a piece;
]0 ivistmskers. l'iic and 2c apiece; 20 wood-
>■ makers, redwood, 80c a cord; pine, $1
I ;-rs, 4-fiiot redwood, 80c a cord; pine, $1
a cord; rough oak, $1 25 a cord; year's Job;
tools and grub advanced; fare reduced to $1;
, . pee company In town. K. T. WARD & CO.,
008-610 Clay st
WANTED— for saloon, German, $10 a
\ve«?k; waiter, boarding-house, country, SO0;
cook and wife for small restaurant near Pity.
$45; night cook, $50; vegetable— an, $26; dish-
washer, $27; young man to watt on table,
coffee-house, $25; assistant waiter, $20; Job-
bing gardener, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton.
FIRST-CLASS barber, young man; good extra
Job. 167 Ninth st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 81 Jack-
in st.
. BARBER from Saturday noon to Sunday noon;
$4. Call at 1759 Union st. ; bring tools.
WANTED— Barber; Saturday and Sunday. 416
Turk st.
EXPERIENCED operators on coats wanted.
Apply B. N. WOOD & CO., 71S Market st^
COATMAKER to work inside by the week;
steady. 411% Kearny st. _
GENERAL tailor for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 14 Sutter st.
10 GOOD peddlers. Call at 452 Eighteenth st.
after San:.
WANTED— Strong boy in bakery shop; must
have some experience. 11l Larkin Bt.
BOY wanted to feed Gordon press. 621 San-
some St., room 22.
BOY to learn borsesh «lng and biacksmlthing.
.Apply 1718 Flllmore at. j
_ WANTED— Boy to work in bakery. 142 Eleventh I
* street. , ■ ]
SHOEMAKER on repairing. 625 Laguna St.,
near Hayes.
SHELMAN and presser. Emporium Cloth-
Ing Renovatory, 109 Eddy St.
WANTED— First saloon porter. 36 East st.
WANTED — A waiter at 636 Sacramento st.
2 GOOD painters wanted this' morning at S :
a. m.. 133 Perry st. \
WANTED— Messenger boy. Apply In own hand- |
writing;, P. O. box 2045. State age and give
references. j
$100,000 to loan on diamond? and Jewelry; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
RECROTS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. ' tilted States navy; bodied. !
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30 I
years, who are citizens of the United States.
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and 1
write English, and be between 0 feet 5 inches i
and 6 feet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St., j
San Francisco, Cal. j
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Kolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7''-lVi Mission
st., men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. ■ j
_ WANTED— Good small to represent a coffee
» nnd spice house. Apply 505 Fifth st.
TO — Coat, trousers and vest makers
wanted. Apply at 408 Kearny -t.
EHOEMAKER on first-class repairing. SAL-
MIN # ON, 6 Twenty-ninth st.
BOY from 14 to 17 years of age. Apply at 246
Sutter st., room 14.
WANTED— to work at sign painting. 702
Howard st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 13S^ Eighth st.
YOUNG man as Janitor in exchange for tui-
tion in shorthand. Rm 29, Mercantile Library.
250 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes, 25c to $1.
f»62 Mission st., bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED— First-class ladies' tailors; high
wages paid. FRANCIS, 704 Sutter st.
SHOES repaired while you wait: half price.
562 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
EXPERIENCED city salesman. Brownstone
Wine Co.. 331 Ellis st.
EARBEKG' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.
WANTED— First-class wcod worker, with $2000
Address box 1357; Call. ' -•---.-
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market st.
TRY LJndeH House. Sixth and Howard sts.;
thoroughly renovated; 200 mis;' 15c. 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, lac. 20c, 2 .c per night; 75c. $1
to $2 60 per wk. Elcho House, BS3V^ Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
in' t. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
solelng, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
WANTED — collect wafres due laborers and
. clerks. Knoi Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
' BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis si., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, the night. Rorcd-le House. 321 Ellis st.
A TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. . •
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 2 r .c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Spain— Causes. Incidents and Results."
Civil, Military, Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell, Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Write
for terms and territory to sole publishers.
WORTHINCTON & CO.. Hartford. Conn.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle good special-
ty: Just In. Greater West Advertising 4 Nov-
tltv fn.. 115?SV$. Washington st.. Oakland.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — of 4 or 5 rooms and bath,
modern Improvements, sunny Bide; garden;
corner desired: near cars and school; family
of 3; no small children; references; If de-
sirable will lease for long time. Apply 135
Berry st.
ROOMS "WANTED.
WANTED— Unfurnished room; about $3 or $4
month: man. Box 1996, Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER _ GASSELL, 216 Post st.
WANTED— To buy barber furniture. Box 1977,
Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and manic lantern appa-
ratDs: »econfl-hand. 109 Montsromerv «t.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet- j
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel, S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. j
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 'Mi.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpflt-cleanlng Co.. 240 14th j
st.: cleaning 3c p<t yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel l. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. 402 Sutter Bt. ;
tel. Main 304. (IRQ. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
HORSES. ."- :
*: HORSES of every description at Emporium
Ealesyards. 220 Valencia at., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price. j
40 HORSES for i>_!e; also wagons, bu?gte«.
carts, harness ; Grand Arcade Horse Mar- :
** 1 . 227 sixth: auction sales every \\>dne»-
day. BULLry & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JT n S ,\ rrlve 2 carloads of bones from 1200 to '■
2Cnn lbs. O-n^-.tii Biil—yards. 721 Howard. ;
TYPSWRITEBS.
■_ ALL tpewrlte— m Id "aTd^rentedTTrw^artlr*
used for rain cheap: Bend for 'snmnl*'. *n,\
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. no J,i m" ry
J A HAMMOND, $25: Caflgraph, $15;" YostHKS 7
get sample work. SCOTT. 823 i Montgomery st)
BICYCLES. I
SECOND-HAND bicycles from $9 up; new ■ lrU' ■
wheels, $18; new ISU7 high grade $100 tfcycle
tor $.''9; new tires, $2; new pedals. t\ 25 a pair
repairing. JOSM-M'H HOLI.K. '. th and Folaoml
HOTEL FOU SALK.
I FOR sale— Family hotel rooms; corner; cen-
FOR sale — Family hotel 76 rooms; corner; cen-
tral location; fine view; doing good busines«;
low rent: lons lease. Inquire W. HEN-
DRICKSON. room 614. Claim Spreckeln bldg. j
SI Oii.kuE.
PIET?CE^kuD©L>'H Storag-e and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Uxla 5712.
i BUSINESS CHANCES. j
A— LIST jour store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St., the
old-established anil reliable business agents;
! we have a large list of buyers who would like
i to buy in country towns^ _^
i X $1500; SHOE store; 1 block from City Hall; j
j " splendid paying; stock worth the money; ,
! owner bought ranch. WILKE & UNFUG. 90S j
i Market st.
■ A— ssoo; CORNER saloon; doing a splendid
' business; close to Call building; rarest offer ;
j in trie market. WILKE _ UNFUG, 906
1 Market st. . , !
! A— ssso; OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant In j
i wholesale district; no Sunday or night work; i
( a well-known and ' flrst-class paying place; a :
: genuine good bargain: sickness cause of sale. <
I WILKE & UNFUQ. 966 Market st.
j A— ssoo; CORNER grocery and bar; established \
\ years; living rooms; rent $27 50; stock worth
the money; owner must sacrifice; bought
ranch. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
S $750— HALF of well-paying, pleasant commis-
sion business; or will trade for Al Oak. and
business. Inquire WILKE & UNFUG. ;
i LARGE nursery; fine running order; heart
of city: anybody can run this and make
money; sickness; exchange for Alameda Co.
I property. WILKE &UN FUG, 906 Market at.
i $300— CORNER family liquor store: north of
Market si.; more than value in stock: owner
! owns building. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market.
i -SALOON; one of the best locations in
city; doinir a good business: fine fixtures;
! good bar trade. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
! $2600— CORNER grocery and bar north of Mar-
I ket St.; established for 30 years; horses and
wagon. LESS - CO.. 765 Market St. ■
$500— SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur-
nished rooms; between shops and factories;
part cash: see this at once. LESS So CO.,
| 765 Market st. .
j MILK route; 12 cans of milk per day; all
private trade; 2 horses and wagon; present
owner there 14 years; selling account of old
age. M. LESS _ CO.. 765 Market st.
I A— WE have buyers to Invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
i $200— CORNER saloon; clears $30 month; a snap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $73 month. I
$360— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clear S6O mo. |
$126— Branch bakery: Market St.; rent $1».
$200 — Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$475— (RANCH bakery, stationery and variety j
! store; near school; clears $60 month; 3 rooms;
rent $20; bargain. National Agency. 7 Grant.
$250— PARTNER wanted in beer bottling busi-
ness; have over 300 customers; fine horses,
wagons, etc. ; sure to clear $73 per month to
j each. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
i A FEW of STENBEP.G CO. BARGAINS:
$800— Partner; livery stable.
$250— Delicacy store.
1900— Fine cerner ealoon.
MOO— Partner; paying restaurant.
! — Cigar store; full value in stock.
I jIOOO— Partner In auction house.
$150— Oyster grotto; rent $15; a snap.
.. .We seil and exchange real estate , .
und business places of all kinds... .^...
STENBERG CO.. 26V. Kearny st.
! A-KREDO & CO 22V. Geary st
$400— Corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
i value in stock: look at thts. !
$450— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; central;
worth $1000: cheap rent: clears JlOO.
$300— Branch bakery,, laundry office and dairy
products; bast in Mission; make offer.
$550— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain; death
in the family cause of sale. McLALGHLIN
& CO.. 777 Market st.
I $350— CORNER saloon: a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN _ CO.. 777 Market St.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright, rm. 709. 927 Market. i
$200— RESTAURANT; centrally located: vicin- ]
ity Powell & O'Farrell: well furn. 527 Mission, j
«400 — PARTNER wanted In light business j
where the services of a plain, steady man
are preferred to hired help; business long
established and too much for one man; no
experience required: trial given; $18 to $30 a
week each. 117 Stockton St., front office.
CORNER saloon; best part of Mission;
large stock: fine fixtures, including $200 pool
table- big trade; 6 living rooms; cheap rent;
bargain. LOWENSTEIN. 1023^ Market st. j
MAKE an offer— Half or whole interest in best
paying restaurant In Oakland; present owner
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business in San Francisco; clearing $200
month guarantied; fullest investigation and
trial before buying. E. E. BUNCE, 90S
Broadway, Oakland. *
$1000 TO $2000— For sale, a little country store;
a good chance for business. G. W. PLACE,
Newark. ______ i
GOOD opening for young American barber: i
country town. Address box 1990. Call office.
DELICACY store, with furniture, " for eale .
cheap. Inquire Call office. j
SALOON— Third St.; must be sold. Call
11 a. m. to 3 p. m.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole interest in best 1
paying restaurant in Oakland; present owner
there 7 years: reason for change, has whole-
sale business In San Francisco; clearing $200
month guaranteed: fullest Investigation and
trial before buying. Owner. Call, Oakland.
GOOD business proposition to right man; small
capital required; estabd. trade; no experience
necessary. Box 3008. Call office. Oakland.
GOOD paying saloon for sale cheap; in Mis-
sion. Box Call.
COUNTRY barber shop for city shop or other
property. H., 1320 Jackson st.
FIRST-CLASS candy store; doing extra fine
business; guaranteed to clear $100 month; all
choice goods; no opposition. JONES. 865 Mkt.
$175— PARTNER wanted: old-established corner
saloon; centrally located; doing good busi-
ness: $10 to $15 day; cheap rent. Inquire
JONES. 86;. Market st.
51000— SALOON ; one of the best locations in
city: doing a good business; fine fixtures;
good bar trade. Southwest cor. Nineteenth
and Valencia sts. HENRY JOHE.
FOR SALE— Auburn 12-room lodging-house
and lot; latest improvements: electric lights;
opposite depot; doing good business; a bar-
gain. Address box 1965. Call office.
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures: In good location; Investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Address box 1518,
Call office. "
FOR sale cheap— Barber shop on account • of
sickness. App'.y S- FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
FOR Restaurant doing good business;
cheap; good reason. 129 Fourth st.
CORNER grocery and bar; ■'- living rooms;
cause of selling death of proprietor. Apply
Washington Brewery, Lombard and Taylor.
BAKERY; only store trade; cash .business;
with a fine, new brick oven. Apply at Call.
j COFFEE and chop house for sale; cheap. 324
Larkin st.
$150— BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
' location; living rooms; rent $8. 1669 Grove
St.. Oakland.
FOR SALE and to rent, wood and coal yard.
■ 433 Stevenson St.; apply upstairs.
COFFEE tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-1W
Be-le st -
$100 000 to loan on neclsklns and diamonds:
. strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. IS Grant aye.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; mdi
I vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per. week and month.
1 INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 2941 Twenty-
fourth st., near Sanchez.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mecb survey, assay, archlt.; day _ eve.;
est.' 1684. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LESSONS given in English branches. French,
piano, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 603 Eddy st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty./ MISS JEAN BUDDY, 6A Hyde.
SAN TOANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
I ket Ft.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrw . experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.
; BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
i $100,000 to loan on diamonds, fealskins and Jew-
elry. UNCLE HARRIS. IB Grant aye.
ELEVENTH, 10C— Branch of flee of The Call.
rlptlonn ar.-l ada taken. '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
I LAW schools. 927 Market at., city; 908 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
j EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
I ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS. «07 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. P. CLARK— Emma Bpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no Charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st.
_ IMIYSICIANS^
J REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C, C. O'Donnell, office
j and residence, D2IH Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
I DR.. MACQUKEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
I ■ Advice and mp>llclne."sl 50; open 3:30 to S. 997
i Market, cor. kth, opp. Welnstoclc & Lubln's.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
LODGING HOUSES FOR BALIS.
_^cTTSECKERr^O2O~IJarket St., opp. Fifth.
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850
it rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
10 rooms; central; clears $50 450
; SEE MY LIST IN TO-DAY'S...
CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER.......
i 12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
OS- room house; cost $8000; only 3500
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 sl>o j
46-room house; corner 1200
24 rooms; clear* $100 600
14 rooms on Powell St.; new 650 I
22 rooms near City Hall 500 I
10 rooms: all rented; business street 300 I
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
ABSTRACT FURNISHED
[..REMEMBER THE NUMBER
1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH
H. C. DECKER
! A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary at.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
j 9 rooms; Leavenworth st.; all new and
clean; carpets good; clears $25 $325
■ 13 rooms; newly furnished and well rented;
; $350 cash, balance time *0O
i 14 rooms; near City Hall; always full;
I clears $75 «00
17 rooms; very elegant; central; best tran-
, sient In city S->0
: 23 rooms: Fifth et. ; rent $45; monthly re-
ceipts $120; a snap "00
$300—16 ROOMS: N. of Mkt.; a give-away; this
week only. KREDO _ CO.. __4 Geary St.
$1200—36 ROOMS; business corner: exchange for
small house; no cash required. KREDO & CO.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: Mission; ex-
change for lodging-house. KREDO _ CO..
22Vi Geary Bt.
i 12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine $1000
! 76 rooms; select: transient; corner 3500
j 28 rooms; rent $55 550 !
| 37 rooms; north of Market; clears $125 — 1500 i
10 rooms: all new furniture 600 !
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.:
10 rms.; Hyde 5t.. 5230118 rms.; Post 5t.... $600
15 rms.; Third St.. 550 rms.: Howard... 700 ;
20 rms.; Geary st. 800 '50 rms.; Bush st... 1250 |
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
I 11400— LODGING house. 20 rooms, north of Mar-
ket st. Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
O'FARRELL ST.— rooms, well furnished;
doctor's offices (2 rooms) pays rent: a bar-
gain: going East and must sell. Box 1995,
Call" office.
WANTED— To buy lodging house: 25 to 35
rooms; no agents. Address box 1540. Call.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale; 29 rooms; all light;
$450. 134 Second st.
23-ROOM lodging house; central location: doing
good business; a bargain. Box 1530. Call.
$100 COO to loan on stocks and bonds: low lnter-
est. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of, 3 rooms, bedroom, sitting
room and kitchen, cheap; in first-class condl-
tlon. 413 Bartlett st.
BOUSES TO LET.
AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St.. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar. '
BINE modern house, 9 rooms, bath; every con-
venience; rent $36: 33 Sanchez st.. near Four-
teenth. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■
OAK. *29, near Market— l2-room house; rent i
$40; 2 permanent roomers still In house, who j
pay $25 per month, desire to, -stay; reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15 Grant aye.
PEARL, 30, bet. Market and Thirteenth—
sunny rooms and bath, $21.
| PERRY, 208, near Fourth — rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN _ CO.
I WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
I $100,000 to loan; ladies' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris". IS Grant aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
HOUSE of .'■ rooms; sun all day: marine view;
Washington st.. near Jones; rent $12.
SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
$6— SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms; Roscoe St.. off
[ Crescent aye. Apply at 64 Silver St.. off Third.
FLATS TO LET.
'■ AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle
flat; 6 rms.; modern conveniences; sunny side, j
CLAYTON, 874, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath.
HAVES, 338- Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
i LEAVENWORTH, I.ll9— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
gas; bath; rent $16. .
MINNA. 904. near Tenth— four rooms and
bath. •
' MUST be seen to be appreciated: upper flat,
7 rooms and bath; modern improvements;
newly painted. 1635 Golden Gate aye.
i NATOMA, 207 and 209. near Third— Nice
clean flats. 4 rooms. $8 and $10.
I SUNNY bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath: cot-
! tage, 5 rooms: cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN — HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
j SUNNY flat of 6 rooms. $10; also 3 rooms, $7.
1017 Bryant st.
i TO LET— 2 flats; modern Improvements; will
let cheap; 4 rooms. 3176 A Sixteenth St.. near
Guerrero.
! TURK, Newly furnished sunny upper flat,
j 5 rooms and bath. Call 10 to 4.
UNION, 1330— Sunny upper bay-window flat of
; 7 rooms and bath; nice view; rent cheap.
! LOWER flat 4 sunny rooms. 17 Pearl St.,
off Market, near Valencia.
I $13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page St., between
Gough and Octavla.
| $14— SUNNY flat, 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches: low rates;
private offices. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until »:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRYANT, 1101, corner Ninth— 3 front house-
keeping rooms; furnished complete; cheap.
BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— Parlor, kitchen,
gas stove, bedroom. $14.
CLEMENTINA, 707, cor. Eighth— 2 furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry, reasonble.
ELLIS, 132 — sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
1 to 4.
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkin— Sunny alcove room,
complete; gas stove; $13 per month, $4 week.
FILLMORE, 618, near Hayes— Sunny house-
keeping rooms and others; running water;
with yard.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room Buite, with gas range.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FIFTH, Furnished housekeeping, 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath. $20: also 3, $12; single, $5.
FOLSOM. 2848—3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
GEARY, 1505— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms ; light housekeeping; cheap.
GEARY, 1812 V3 — 3 large sunny rooms furnished
for housekeeping; no children. ■
GROVE, 32— Nicely furnished sunny housekeep-
ing royn s; bath and yard; cheap.
HAIGHT, 220— Front sunny alcove for house-
keeping.' with kitchen.
HOWARD, 525— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
complete; and others reasonable. ■
HOWARD, 761%— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite, kitchen; man and wife; reasonable.
liO\VARDTTII3%— Three sunny rooms, $12;
housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1324—2 back rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, $12. -
JESSIE 439— bet. sth and 6th— 3 sunny connect-
ing rooms furnished complete; houeekpg; $14.
LARKIN 613— Neatly furnished front room and
kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
LARKIN So4— Large sunny front with small
room furnished: $9; light housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 1503. near Jackson-$10 ; 3
sunny furnished rooms; bath; housekeeping.
MINNA 11H4— Furnished bay-window house-
keeping suite, $2 50 week; with piano.
MINNA 371, nr. sth— Fur. sunny basement
rooms;' water; stove; closets; private family.
MISSION, 834—2 sunny furnished front rooms
for housekeeping; also others, $1 25 up.
MISSION 1217— Bunny front suites complete for
housekeeping; $12. $14 and $16.
OAK 1193 near Park— Small furnished house-
keeping rooms; sunny; gas stove; use of par-
lor and piano. _^^ • - ■'■ -■•-■ " -'
OCTAVIA. 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
O'FARRELL. 536— Large sunny furnished front
rm.; single rm.. light hKpg. privilege; reas.
PINE, 1931— 3. unfurnished rooms; large yard;
bath ; cheap. '■ . . ... -'-
POWELL. »44— Unfurnished rooms suitable .for
housekeeping, $10 to $15. .- . . ■■
SIXTH, 420— Sunny ' bay-window rooms, closets,
running water and bath; also single rooms.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
THIRD. 309 — 2 large furnished rooms, complete
for housekeeping. $10 a month.
TWELFTH 145, cor. Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms complete for housekeeping.
VAN NESS, Light housekeeping, $5 up;
doctor's family: sunny corner.
HOP 000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and jew-
' elry low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
~ ROOMS TO LET.
A*RLJNGTON~HouBe, 127 Kearny Pleasant
* sunny rooms; en suite or single; first -class
in every respect: term,3 reasonable..
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 50; day, 25c to 50c
BALBOA The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BUSH, *21 — Furnished and housekeeping j
rooms. • '
CALIFORNIA, 532-Elegant suite sunny fur- |
Dished rooms for gentlemen; board if desired. j
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un- |
furnished single and double rms.; $_. $10 mo.
EDDY, US— Sunny front rooms. $8 and upward; j
also pleasant single rooms, $6 and upward.
FILLMORE, 22128— 54; sunny furnished or un- j
furnished front room. |
FOURTH, 10S— Nice sunny rooms; single or
double; very reasonable; private.
GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny suite parlors; other
sunny rooms; light housekeeping. ■
GEARY, 610— Large newly furnished bay-win- \
dow room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GOLDEN GATE, Nicely furnished front
room: running water, bath, etc.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SB. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite and
Kindle; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week $1 to $4: reading-room; Howard cars.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL; The, 121 Powell St.— Cheap, neat,
tight, sunny rooms: transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOW 1072— sunny front room suita-
ble for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family.
LARKIN. 706— Furnished and uniurnished and
sinsie rooms; light and sunny. -
LARKIN, 1200, opposite Lurllne baths — Sunny
. furnished-rooms from $4 up.
NATOMA. 71S — 2 large sunny rooms; in rear:
rent., $6.*
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms: ele-
vator; electric lights: # day. week or mouth.
O'FARRELL, 537— R00m suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family.
O'FARRELL, 770— Single room and sunny front
room; newly furnished: moderate.
PERRY, 263— Small furnished room; very cheap
to a respectable working girl.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; leasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 393, corner Harrison— front
rooms furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTEENTH. 3140— Sunny front suite for 2
gentlemen or gentleman and wife. ■•
SUTTER. 1148, cor. Newly furnished
suites and single: also suite for doctor's office.
TEHAMA, 310 A —Suite of two furnished rooms.
Call between 6 and 7 p. m. '
THE BRUNSWICK. 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard—Best appointed; centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $3
Week; open all night; Howard-st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp Qough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens f<jr tenants for light housekeeping. j
TURK, 529— Sunny furnished rooms, with run- j
ning water; also one unfurnished. i
TWENTY-FIRST, 3324, near Valencia—
furnished alcove front room, with hot and
I cold water, .gas and bath, suitable for 2. rent
cheap; also a single room, with hot and cold
water, $5; private family.
WASHINGTON. 502— Changed hands; renovat-
ed; sunny unfurn. rms.; offices; run. water.
$100,000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS AND HOARD.
BOARDING houses find It to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fair— ount, 1714 Market— new
furniture; first class in every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOTEL VANCOUVER has reopened dining
room; under new management; board, $25 up.
1001 Sutter st.
"IRVING." 1070 Valencia st— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds: with board: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant rooms: home cook-
Ing; parlor; piano: bath- gents: special rates.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished room, with
board. $4 and $5; home cooking.
SUTTER, Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse j
receipts.: UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant ay».
CHILDREN HOARDED.
1 OR 2 children to board: a good sunny homo;
large garden; no other children; best refer-
ences; terms moderate. 422 Jersey Bt., off j
Castro, bet. 24th and 25th. i
INFANT or small child: good home; $10 a
nth. .10 Lexington aye.
1 CHILD to board; good home and mother's
care: no other children. 81S Chester St.,
Oakland. ___________—___——_—_,
, STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop and dwelling Just vacated; good
trade for steady man. 15uo Fifteenth st.,
near Mission.
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard: fixtures
for saloon. Apply 253.S Mission st.
~~ OFFICES TO LET. .
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light, heat, Janitor and telephone; rents $_. SO
to $20. ABHTON * GARDNER, room 210.
; MARKET, 100SH. opp. — Suite of unfur-
nlsh»d room? for doctor or dentist.
~~~ DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $8; crowns, $3; fill-
ings, B0c: tenth without plates a specialty:
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free !
when plates are ordered: consultation free, i
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and i
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason St.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work ;
our sr-cinttv- filling?, 60c: crowns, $3 SO; all .
, — .. painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132. I
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless, extraction and pat-
antee of Improved brldfe work or teeth with- j
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth. $5; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver. 25c
up; bridge work; plates repaired; all work ;
painless and warranted ten years. New York ;
Dentists, 969 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings. 25c up- all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth. s, • •
SET of teeth. $4: filling, gold 50c. silver 25c:
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. — . Paris
Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET] of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk Ft.
LOST. ~~ ,
Between Sutro Baths and Market-st.
electric car, lady's open-faced gold watch;
monogram - "C. L." Return to H. NATHAN.
001 Montgomery St., and receive reward.
LOST— Pug dog without collar; name Vie. Re-
ward at 3720 Seventeenth st. £
LOST— fox terrier: black and white. Re-
ward if returned to SlO Bush st.
■ LARGE St. Bernard bitch all clipped; has
medicine on back. Reward. 811 Howard st.
LOST strayed or stolen, young white fox-ter-
rier slut, one brown ear. I Return to St. Law-
rence Stable. 423 Post st., and get reward.
100 SHARES Mexican Mining Co. stock: No.
79 06» ■ Return to M. S. . MARTIN, Pacific
Stock Exchange, city; transfer stopped. :
~ FOLND.
FOUND — A cocker spaniel bitch, white and
black; short tall. Owner can have same by
proving property. 435 Stevenson st.
Greyhound bitch. Call 27 Kate. St.,
near Eighth. : .. '■■-,:-,
1100 000 to loan ladles on their diamonds and
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
PERSONALS.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy j
have your shoes* made to order at store prices j
by Family Shoe Factory. 1550-1554 Market st. j
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, charges I
25c for the latest fads in hairdressing; em-
ploys only artists: you are sure of being I
pleased with the result. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER' S Qulnonla hair tonic should be
applied until the hair stops failing out; the
only cure; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester \
House 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms, |
85c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 p«r week: i
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry. |
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
S prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16:
manufacturer's coet. 107 Sanaome. upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUKKE, 1416 Sth at.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments L.
T.F.MOS. 1117 Market xt.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
r-RESSM-MCING. ladies' tailoring taught; S
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits
coots, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; children's
dresses a specialty; prices reasonable. 034
Eddy st. _____ '"
TAYLOR. 23S— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
rneclalty ; reasonable.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over 3 Eddy »>■■■ rm;. 14-10.
* : .IRITI ALISM.
attention:
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and bees
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104 |
Market at. .
■This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant or
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
• She never asks a question, but before you i
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis.
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN'S cymbol question cir-
cle to-night, 25c. 641 Jessie St.. opp. Seventh.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m.; 250. 409 Leavenworth st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium St healer; hrs.,
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 1027^ Mrkt.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Haight st. .
MRP. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frt.. 2 p. m. ;
Mon., S. 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia at.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
YOUR future told by cards, 23c. 472 Btevenson
St., corner Sixth, room 10.
MME. LENEMAR. fort, by planets: predicted j
rescue passengers str. Gold, '74; 234 6th, r. 3.
YOUR future told by cards; price, 10c. 77
Ninth st. .
UJJIv MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c 148 Sixth, rm. li.
j MME. RAVEN* A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 26c up. 5 Fourth st.
: MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist; clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st. .
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has nr«T.»d an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
musical ISSTHUMESTS.
I AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
I cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
name as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
28, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and |
all other musical instruments of all grades j
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every- |
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
YOU want a piano. Why not call on us? !
SCOTT, CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we t
sell, we buy for cash. We own our own I
building.' We guarantee anything purchased
| from us for ten years. 526 Hayes st.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, ISIS Market st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agenta for Chick-
ering, Steck, \Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
$60— UPRIGHT piano; cost new $300; S monthly
installments. 1115 Post st.
BARGAIN: good Stelnway upright: cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hibemla Bank.
A SLIGHTLY used high grade piano; sacrificed
for cash. Room 10, Flood building.
AN elegant Stelnway, upright, for $250 cash;
j must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 30S Post st.
HALVES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. . Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A PAIR sol. diamond sleeve buttons for $20,
cost originally $50. at UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye.
12-BORE Piper shotgun and rifle combined for
$25. worth $50. at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant.
FRESH milch cow and calf; fine milker and
at a bargain. Apply E. O'NEIL, 87. State st.,
bet. 16th and 17th. Castro and Douglass.
STAR lathe; new 6-ft. bed: 4 ft. between cen-
ters; 12- in. swing; automatic cross feed and
tools; $140 cash. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
ONE 37-ft. launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30-
ft. sloop: 21- ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launch hull; 60-ft. tug boat; bar-
gains: new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBRECHT. successor to ■ San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-KC3 Mission St..
above Sixth. --.
SAFES— Hermann Sate Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ■ '.
1 AND 2 bowl barber washatands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. ■ •
SECOND-HAND lumber: old buildings bought
and removed. Yard. Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co.. mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr*d. 519 Mission: tel. Br. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, 15 per dozen:
proJectoßCope. $100. Bacigalupl, 935-952 Market.
J R POOL house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 757.
FES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of Th» Call.
Subscriptions and ad* taken. ■_ _
SEWING MACHINES. ~~~~~,
AUTOMATIC,' Domestic, Singer and White
cheap repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at.
LEGAL SUTICUs.
11' ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was P6-
siding in and near Vancouver, B. C, during \
the years IS9I to 1595, and afterward in Call- i
fornia "•> and was last heard of In Sonora, i
Tuolumne County, Cal., about June, ISOS, will
'<: apply to the undersigned he will hear of
."■. "■ something -to his- advantage." WELLS .- &
':■'. HIND, Solicitors, Nottingham, ; England. ;
CITY REAL ESTATE.
PRICE reduced to $4000: one of the best corners
on Dolores st.: lot 33x90: elegant residence
of 7 rooms and bath on end of lot; enough
vacant ground to build a store and fiats
above; house Is new and all rooms are finely
5 decorated In latest style; terms $1200* cash,
balance In monthly installments. Sec owner
at 232 Liberty St.. near Dolores.
NICE cottage in the Potrero; 5 , rooms and
bath; lot 25x100. 245 Texas St.. near ISth.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest: strictest privacy:
on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR RENT— IB-acre orchard and home; full
bearing (Haywards). A. M. SPECK & CO..
£02 Market st. ',-. - .- -
$100,000 to loan on watches, bronzes: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A SNAP. -— ~~~-
6-room. 2-story modern: lot 200x135; fenced;
windmill and tank: water piped over grounds;
$2000; one-half cash.
5-room cottage: modern: lot 37x100; $1500.
2 flats, 4 rooms each ; modern: cement base-
ments; $1100.
5-room cottage; modern; lot 50x125: $1375.
2-story. 7-room; modern; lot 10x150; $1300: $300
cash, balance $15 per month. W. M. ALLISON
6 CO., 463 Ninth St., Oakland. ■ j
BEAUTIFUL cozy home near station on broad-
gauge line, In one of the best neighborhoods
in Oakland; 7 rooms and. bath; open nickel-
plated plumbing; sandstone chimney; large
reception hall; modern and complete in every I
particular; for sale at a bargain: terms to |
suit: call at once for particulars. Lake Shore '
Land Co., A. H. BREED. Manager. 1070
Broadway, Oakland.
$100,000 to loan: low Interest: private offices:
rrlvat» «>ritrßne<\ Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay*.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats. $12 to $17: no dark rmi. :
stove and porcelain bath: water, ash man
free: Adeline station. Oakland: key 940 Union
Et. KOFN'TO .* KRf>!.l, IWW Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets: reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and rhean II S'HELL-
HAAF' "Id «tnr> *W Flpr^nt* .t g-« hi-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an estate: lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 block* from station and
school.
$1000— Snap; lot 60x150; house of 4 rooms; 1
blocks from Morton st. station.
— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath: lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central aye.: lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
$250— LOT 25x108; $40 cash, $10 per month; love-
ly new cottage a»d lot in duplicate, $2300.
Terms and owner, 1243 Park st.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
- Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1600 Park St.,
Alameda. Cal. ■ _^^
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALTA~FUNTA Tract again on the market;
' prices reduced; on San Pablo aye.. 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to a. W. HAIGHT.
220 Sansome st.. 8. F.
$3000 — 5-room cottage; bath, laundry; 1% acres,
12 mm. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
cllngtcn. 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley Btn.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— From 2 to 10 acres land within 50
miles of city; suitable for a country home.
: Send particulars to box 1511, Call office.
: WANTED— a to 15 acres of Improved
land, within 30 miles of city: state particu-
lars and price. Box 1537. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. -J.
' NOONAN, 1017 to 1032 Mission at., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances ion diamonds and Jew-
elry at tha lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, »48 Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 24
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
,
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
. FICE. 22 Mason St.. opp. Olympia Music Hall.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
' mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
; MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to. the city and
S resumed business; a sure and safe cure for
i all female diseases from whatever cause;
! all those who are sick or discouraged should
: call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find her a
; true friend; home for patients with every
j comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. OUTER, 610 Eddy st.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
- Instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR.
j WYETH, 20S Turk st., near Jones.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2. ;■•-■: ■
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day: safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsule*. $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
consult free: confidential; hours. 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
ALL married ladles know "Se*ruro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & C0..406C1ay St.;
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
DR. a*d MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 SO;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cnl.
A SAFE, easy and sure remedy for obesity.
Address box I?g3. Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on hron»<»s. silverware; private
entrance. T'Xr-T.K TTARHTS, 15 Orwnt aye.
MARKIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Joseph PuchPU and Jennie M. Roument... 33-34
Joseph Furrier and Ella G11m0re...... .25-25
John Gersick and Maria Llnamyar.... 24-21
Adolf ScHleve and Una 801mbe1. .......:. 32-34
Charles Sempje and Maggie McCartney 20-2.".
John H. Cummlntjs and Helen Ford 27-23
Charles L. Hubbard and Grace E. Corwin..2«-24
And W. Randell and Kristina L. Matta. 3l-48
Hans Larsen and Maggie McLean... ...... 32-28
Harry V. Pillow and Louisa K. Peters 33-27
7 BiRTHS—MARRIAQES— DEATH!
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
r 80821.
CARLSON— In this city, November 16, 1898. to
the wife of Oscar M. B. Carlson, a daughter.
LOM3ARDO— this " city, November 16. IS9B,
'. to the wife of Professor Lombardo, a daugh-
ter.
SOSNOWSKI— In this city, November 9, ISOB,
to the wife of F. Sosnowski, a daughter.
\ WATSON— In this city, November 1% IS3S, to
the wife of J. C. Watson, a daughter.
~~~ MARSXED. ~ ~~
CARNEY— In this city, November 17.
IS3S, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
Joseph S. Carney and Ethel P. Adams, both
of Oakland. . . .
DUPERN— FRANETTA— In this city, Novem-
ber 16. 1898, by the Rev. William 11. Story,
Angelo R. Dupern and Ullnka Franetta,
both of San Francisco.
GRAY— CROCKER— In this city, November 16.
1898, at the residence of the bride's mother,
by the Rev. Dr. Stebbins, Dewit H. Gray of
Dawson, Canada, and Louise M. Crocker.
PILLOW— PETERS— In this city. November 16,
1S&8, Harry V. Pillow of San Jose, Cal.. and
Louisa K. Peters of Christ Church, New
Zealand.
SHANG— ANDERSON— In this city. November
17, IS'JS, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson. D.U.,
Marcus L. Shang and Lillian L. Anderson,
both of Oakland.
ZARUBA— KORBEL— In this city, November
15, 1898. by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke,
Vallav Zaruba and Eleanora Korbel. both of
San Francisco. " ■ -■ *
~ - died"
Albrecht, Lena - Hansbrough, Elma A,
Angelita, Luze Jacoby, Pauline
Bode, Cecelia Johnson. is^ZS
i^nr~r, Vf "r:^:."n «.eere, Clara V.
Burns, Cornelius J. McCann, Daniel
Edwards, William D. Ostluna. harles
Espy. icobert J. Patch, Oscar A.
Fagglano, Anna !:• < ncr, Lillian
Giannini. Amadeo P. Strauss, Barbette
Cress. Charlotte Theller, Samuel L,
Gschwardner, Joseph Zeile, Robert
Hallett. Capt. T. A.
ALBRECHT— In this city, November 17, IS9B,
Lena, daughter of Jacob and Dora Albrecht.
and sister of Mrs. J. B. Milks, a native of
Maine.
i ANGELITA— In Santa Cruz, November 16, 1898,
; Luze Angelita, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months and 11 days.
: BODE— In this city. November 17, 1898. Cece-
lie, beloved wife of George Bode, and sister
of Mrs. W. Wlsby. Mrs. J. Vietheer and
John and Madgie Crowley, a native of San
Jose, Cal., aged 26 years 9 months and 17
days.
BURKE— In this city, November 17. 1838, Wil-
liam, beloved son of Garrett and the late
Ellen Burke, and brother of David. John.
' George and Edmond Burke, a native of San
. Francisco, aged 22 years.
CCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his brother, David Burke, 2SII Sixteenth
street, thence to the Church of St. Charles
Bcrromeo, corner Eighteenth and Shotwell
streets, for services, commencing at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.-
i BURNS— In this city, November IT. 1898, Cor-
1 nelius Joseph, beloved son of Cornelius and
Mary Burns, and brother of Jofcn and James
Burns and Mrs. W. McMullen, a native of
[ San Francisco, aged 21 years 4 months and 24
(Jays.
C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister.* Mrs. W. McMullen. 134 'Parker
avenue, off Point Lobos avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church, wheic a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
' EDWARDS— In this city. November 16. ISOS,
■ William D. Edwards, beloved father of Wil-
liam S. and May Edwards, a native of
Wales, aged 56 years. ■ -
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
November 20, at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
ESPY— this city, November 17, IS9B. Robert
J.. ■ beloved husband of the late Julia A.
Espy, loving father of Mary A.. William C,
and Robert J. Espy Jr.. and grandfather of
Willie R. Espy, a native of the city of Dub-
lin, Ireland, aged 65 years.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence, 221 Twelfth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FAGGIANO— In this city, November 17. IMS,
Anna, beloved daughter of J. B. Faggiano.
and sister of Joseph and Mary Faggiano.
Mrs R. R. Connell, Mrs. J. Fillippini and
Mrs. I. Svago, a native Of Marin County,
Cal. aged 25 years 10 months and 17 days.
BTTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 118
Geary street.
GIANNINI— In this city. November 15. 1838.
Arr.adeo P., beloved son of Amadeo P. and
Clorlnda Agnes Giannlnl, and beloved brother
of Mario and Lloyd Giannini, a native of San
Francisco, aged 5 years and 1 month.
JCTThe funeral will tnke place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 61$ Bay street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Funeral private.
GRESS— Alameda. November 15, 1898, Char-
lotte, beloved wife of George Gress, mother of
Arthur Bayley, sister of Mrs. George Man-
ley, and daughter of the late Dr. B. Lambert,
a native of Australia.
E?"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. George Manley, Hotel En-
clnal. corner High street and Encinal avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, Alameda,
where mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery, San Mateo
County, via 1 o'clock creek boat from foot of
Broadway, Oakland.
GSCHWARDNER— In this city, November 15,
IS9S, Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Mrs.
Fanny Gschwardner, a native of Vienna,
Austria, aged 49 years.
GT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tTJTs day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to 507 Sutter street, where services
will be held under the auspices of the Aus-
trian B. and M. Society. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
HALLETT— In this city, November 17, IS3B.
Captain Thomas A., beloved husband of
Fanny Hallett, and father of Lena, Myra and
Thomas Hallett, a native of New Bedford,
Mass., aged 65 years.
HANSBROUGH— In this city, November 17,
1593, Elma A., beloved wife of G. W. Hans-
brough, and mother of May, John. Evelina
and George Hansbrough, a native of Illinois,
aged 50 years 2 months and 8 days.
ElS'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1207 Stanyan street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
JACOBY— In this city, November 17, IS9S, Pau-
line, beloved mother of J. H. Jacoby, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 83 years.
JOHNSON— In this city, Kate, wife of Albert
Johnson, and mother of Mrs. Jennie Cohe-
lan, Mrs. H. F. Cuthbert, Mrs. C. Markley and
Ben and George Johnson, a native of New
York City, aged 65 years 3 months and 3 days.
KEEFE— In this city, Novemoer 17. 1898, Clara
Viola Keefe (nee Calfee), beloved wife of
Joseph F. Keefe, a native of Napa, Cal., aged
23 years.
McCANN— In the City and County Hospital,
■ November 17, IS9B, Daniel McCann, a native
of Ireland, aged 54 years.
OSTLUND— In this city. November 17. ISM,
Charles, beloved husband or Christine Ost-
lund, father of Tlllle, Annie, Theodore. Hilda,
Charles, Lillie, Esther and George Ostlund.
and brother of John Ostlund, a native of
Kalmar, Sweden, aged 49 years 2 months and
6 days.
PATCH— In this city, November 16, I*9B. Oscar
A beloved husband of Ellen Patch, and
father of William (X, Edith F. and May E.
Patch, a native of Klngsville, Ohio, aged 57
I years 7 months and 5 days.
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1260 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
: Cross Cemetery. •;
ROESNER— In this city, November 17, 1898,
Lillian, beloved wife of Peter J. Roesner,
mother of Walter, Arthur, Mona and Ralph
Roesner, daughter of D. O. *-reston. and sis-
ter of Joseph Preston, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years, and 10 months. A mem-
ber of Golden Circle No. ISS, Companions of
the Forest.
!C7"Remalns at the parlors of the United
Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street.
STRAUSS— In this city, November 16, IS9S,
Barbette, beloved wife of Moses Strauss, an 1
mother of J. M. and Miss S. Strauss. Mrs. J.
Conn, Mrs. Gum Shawl and Mrs. Gus Myers,
a native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 72 years.
ICJ'Friends and acquaintances are invited
to attend the funeral this day (Friday), at
10 o'clock, from her late residence. 1508 • Far-
rail street. Interment Hume of Peace Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train 1 from Third and
Townsend streets. !
THELLER —In . Oakland. November 17, 1898,
at his residence. Samuel L. Theller, aged 63
1 years 8 months and 15 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-.
! fully invited to attend the funeral service!
to-morrow (Saturday), at II o'clock, at his
late residence. 1513 Ninth street, Oakland.
Interment iirivate.
ZEILE— this city, November 16. IS9S, Rob-
ert, beloved husband of Marie Zeile. a na-
tive of Reutlingen, Germany, aged 67 years
and 10 months.- •
(ryThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
1516 Ellis street, between Webster and'- Fill-
more. Please omit flowers. Interment pri-
. vate, I. O. O. F. Cemetery. /
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
: (Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALirERS.
: ■ 10 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South 80.
IH. B. Me A* VOY, Manager. • t
" rv\cf\\/oY a CO., U
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMCALMEBS I
1235 Market st. . between Sth and 9th. ; f %
--.-.- Telephone. South 247. -„ -,
i~~ H. F\ mAASS,
Undertaker. and Emba!mci».
Everything ■ Requisite for First-Cla»» Funeral*
f . . - at Reasonable Rates. ■'■:. .
! -Telephone South 273. 917 Mission S treat. :
1112
GRIEF CRAZED,
SHE CANNOT
SEE HER CHILD
Durie Heithier's Mother Collapsed at the
Receiving Hospital and Had to Be
Restrained in a Padded Cell.
The Wounded Girl Has a Slight Chance to Recover— She Bit
terly Denounces George A. Alexander— Calls Him
"Coward and Liar"— His Love Letters
Belie His Statements Assailing
Her Character.
Almost within hearing of her
eldest daughter's pitiful cries for
"Mamma! Mamma!" the mother of
erring Durie Heithier is restrained
from clasping her child in her arms.
Crazed with grief, the heartbroken
mother had to be placed in a padded
cell immediately after her arrival
last night. She became violently
hysterical, and it was necessary to
give her a sleeping potion. To-day,
if Durie's life will not be jeopardized
thereby, the mother will be allowed
to meet her child.
Although exceedingly weak and
Buffering agonizing pains, the would
be suicide has a possible chance to
recover.
Young George Alexander is bit
terly denounced by his discarded
sweetheart and her friends for his
cruel attempt to blacken her char- ;
acter. His letters to the girl, who ;
accuses him of her ruin, are full of
fervid love and promises of undying
faithfulness. Durie's school friends
understood she was engaged to Alex
ander.
Careworn and exhausted, Mrs. Car
lotta Heithier, the mother of the unfor
tunate girl, arrived here last evening
from Sonora. She at once repaired to
the Receiving Hospital, and as she en
tered she completely collapsed.
Miss Mitchell, who is acting as ma
tron, with the assistance of Steward
Kelly, carried her into the insane ward
of the hospital. As she seemed to be in
a serious condition. Assistant Police
Surgeon Tormey was immediately sum
moned. He advised her removal to one
of the padded cells and forbade any
one to see her. On account of her con
dition it was deemed advisable not to
allow her to see her daughter.
To Matron Keane, who attended her
ADVPRTISEJfiIENTS.
OF
USE ONLY
FOR
SCALP
AND HAIR
For Baby's skin, scalp and hair, nothing
!r. the whole world is so cleansing, purify.
Ing and beautifying as CUTICURA SOAP.
For distressing heat rashes, chafings, in-
flammations and eruptions, for crusted
itching, irritations of the scalp, with dry,
thin and falling hair, for red, rough hands,
with shapeless nails and simple infantile
humors it is absolutely without a rival.
CAVE VAIID CUV For solf ra«h, heat
SA*C IUIiM oEln rash, inflammations, ir-
ritations, chafings, undue or offensive perspira-
tion and other sanative uses, nothing so sooth-
Ing, purifying and refreshing as a bath with
CUTICURA SOAP, the most effective skin puri-
fjing and beautifying soap in the world.
Sold throughout the world. Price, CUTICURA
SOAP, 23c; CUTICURA (ointment), 50c. POT-
TER DRUG & CHEM. CORP.. Bole Props.,
Bopton. British Depot, 1 King Edward St.,
Ixindon. Depot Fra,ncals. 113 Faubourg St.
Honore, Paris. Send for "Face, Hands and
***ir Book," mailed free.
I wants, the unfortunate woman said she
! knew nothing of her daughter's desper
! ate atttempt at suicide until a telegram
j was shown her by a newspaper corres
!pondent at Sonora.
'What prompted her to shed her
i blood for such a man," she tearfully re
marked, "Is beyond my comprehension.
j She was always a kind and dutiful
; daughter, and as far as I know she was
never mixed up in any love affair.
1 This man Alexander must have com
pletely captivated her. As he threat
ened to desert her I suppose she be
came despondent and resolved to kill
I herself. Only a few days ago I received
; a letter from her in which she said she
was doing -well with her studies and
I was in excellent health.
"She did not refer to her love affair,
nor did she mention the name of Alex
ander. He must be a scoundrel to try
to blacken her name after she had shot i
herself. As soon as I have recovered
I intend to see my daughter and from
her lips learn the cause which prompted
her to attempt self-destruction."
The ward which Mrs. Heithier occu
pies is only a few feet from the cot
where lies her unfortunate daughter.
During the evening Durie awoke from
the stupor in which she was kept all
day and the matron in a gentle whisper
told the poor child her mother had ar
rived but that it was not wise for them
to meet until to-day. The sufferer
begged piteously to see her mother, ana
was only quieted by a narcotic.
Late last night Mrs. Heithier became
hysterical and in her delirium started
to destroy the bedding in her cell. She
raved madly and in a loud voice de
manded that she be allowed to see her
daughter. Matron Mitchell, fearing
that she would injure h.-rself. called Dr.
James F. Kearney, who was on duty
in the Receiving Hospital. After con
siderable trouble the doctor induced her
to take a sleeping potion and in a short
time she dropped into a sound slumber.
To-day if her condition is improved,
she will be allowed to see her daughter
Mrs. Heithier is trc-übled with heart
failure and it is feared that she will
collapse when she confronts her wound
ed offspring. , ,
Mrs Gonzales, an aunt of the girl,
also visited the hospital and vainly en
deavored to cheer up her niece She
remained with the wounded girl until
nearly midnight, when she left, after
promising to return this morning.
"HE IS A LIAR
AND A COWARD"
Durie Heithier Bitterly De
nounces George Alex
ander.
The bullet that shattered the young
life of beautiful Durie Holthier also shat
tered that life's Idol. Stripped of the
glamour of romance with which it is the
wont of the maid of the country to sur
round the man of the town, shorn of the
floss of fine verbiage and the polish of
his college, her betrayer appears to her
as he is. Through eyes dimmed by suf
fering she sees him a coward and a liar, ;
and with lips a-mmblt: with the awful j
pain that racks her, body and soul, she j
says of the things that George Alexander
has said against her that they are lies
all lies. And she does not quite under
stand how it can be so, for the hero of
her first fancy would never have robbed
her of her honor and then traduced her.
"Does he say that I have hounded him
and made him give me money?" asked
she, and her voice was eager, strong,
despite her life is hanging by a thread.
"Would I have wished to end my life
if only money had been refused me?
Ask him that. Money cannot pay for
love, and L have loved him, as God is
my judge. Why could he not give me
just that little In return for all that I
have given him? I gave him all, my soul,
my life. I'll not deny that now. and 1
hoped and prayed to have him love me
as I cared for him. And he led me to
believe that he did, until I discovered he
was deceiving me, and that has
me until I am nearly crazy. When he
told me himself that he would deny the
wrong he had done me I wanted to die.
"He is a liar and a coward," said the
sufferer, starting up In her couch again,
"and I don't want to die now, Sf it is
only to prove that he wronged me and
has lied so cruelly about me-. I want to
go back home where men are men, not
curs. I want to be with my mother. I
want to go away from school and all this
life and just live as I used to before I
met George Alexander. Oh, the coward,
to say these monstrous things. He knows
they are not true, not one word of them.
"There were tlmeß when I suspected he
was deceiving me, and one time they told
me he was, but when I asked him and
wanted to know the truth he laughed in
his old way and said he guessed It would
be a long time before he ceased to love
me, and I believed him. But I learned he
had been lying all the time: I found it
out when It was too late, and when I
asked him to treat me as he ought to —
I don't want to talk about that. I guess
I took the only way out of It. It will be
TIIE SAN PR Ay CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 18, 1898.
AND THE COLLEGE YOUTH PLEDGED HIS LOVE " FOR
EVER" TO THE PRETTY MOUNTAIN MAID.
hard on poor mamma, but God only
knows— l'm so tired of it all."
And Durie Heithier sank back in her
couch and closed her eyes. She had tola
her story as clearly as she might wltn
the terrible pain that racked her.
Young Alexander, the faithless lover, is
apparently endeavoring to escape further
notoriety. It is reported that he haa left
his home in Oakland and will be away lor
some time. His family and friends are
deeply distressed at the outcome of his
love affair with the pretty Sonora girl,
and they hope the scandal will soon be
forgotten.
Alexander flatly and emphatically con
tradicts the statements made by Durie,
and declares she has annoyed and har
assed him by threats and importunities
for money. He denies he is the author of
the poor girl's dishonor and desires to
shift the responsibility upon some un
known man. , 
Alexander coolly admits guilt to a lim
ited degree only, and says the girl is to
blame for loving him. With the utmost
nonchalance he asserts that the story
wrung from Durie's moaning lips is a
falsehood from beginning to end. The
sad plight of his erstwhile sweet
heart and the anguish of her widowed
RELATIVES WATCH OVER DURIE HEITHIER.
mother awaken no chord of sympathy in
his heart. Even though the poor creat
ure was as vicious as he would have his
friends believe, he refused to spare her
family the greater blow. Alexander says
that 'several months ago Durie c-ame to
him and pleaded for money, informing
him that her disgrace would soo.i become
apparent to her companions and she
wanted to go away. He had no money to
give her and that was the last he heard
of the matter. According to the youth's
own statements, he has been the ac
knowledged lover of Durie for about a
year and a half. During that time they
have corresponded regularly. He swears
he never promised to marry her and that
he was in no way Instrumental in induc
ing the girl to leave home and go to San
Jose against her mother's wishes.
Durie'p friends, however, are now con
vinced that her longing to be near her
sweeeth< art was thj real reason for her
going to San Jose. Since entering the
University of the Pacific they have met at
least once a week. The young man made
frequent trips to San Jose and the girl
often came to San Francisco.
H;irry Ryan, the young man who loaded
the pistol for Durie before she left San
Jopc, culled at the Receiving Hospital
yesterday and asked to see her. Dr.
Thompson would not grant hjs request.
Ryan said he had a premonition that the
girl intended to do something desperate,
although he had no valid reason to think
so. She came to him with the weapon,
having taken the cylinder out and being
GEORGE ALEXANDER "TRUSTS HIS HONOR" TO THE
GIRL HE DISCARDED.
unable to replace it. While he was put- ,
ting it together she asked him about j
shooting horses and men. but her queries i
were in a jocular vein. Ryan tried to dis- |
her from carrying the revolver, but
she Insisted, and he gave it to her.
Mrs S. Edell of IGO4 Howard street, the
aunt of Alma Tannehill, was with the |
sufferer for a f^w hours yesterday afte *- |
noon. She requested Dr. Thompson to im- |
mediately notify her if Durie needed any- i
thing and she would supply money or
whatever was necessary to make the poor
girl comfortable.
A Mr Badger also telephoned that he
would call and told the doctor to draw on
him for Durie's needs. ■
Late last night the doctors reported that
Durie was very weak, but she still had a
chance to recover. During the evening a
message was received from the faculty
of the university asking about the girl's
condition and notifying the hospital that
the institution would give all assistance
possible to aid in the recovery of Durie.
Although the shock from the impact of
the bullet had partially worn off yester
day. Durie suffered intensely. She com
plained of excruciating pains in her left
side over the peritoneum. This symptom
led the doctors to believe the bullet was
located in that region. Opiates were ad
ministe"red constantly to keep the patient
quiet and relieve her agony as much as
possible. So far there have been no un-
favorable symptoms and unless a relapse
follows soon Durie may recover.
YOUNG ALEXANDER'S
BURNING LOVE
His Letters to Durie Were
Full of Endearing
Terms,
In his letters to Durie Heithier, George
Alexander expresses the tenderest love
for her. He wrote long epistles teeming
with burning words of affection, and be
stowed upon her all the pet names in the
ardent lover's vocabulary. So great Is his
affection that he takes her Into his "dear
ly loved university fraternity— 'The Sigma
Nu 1 "—and tells her she, like the motto ,
of the fraternity, is his guiding star. He |
says, in one outburst: "I trust you with i
my dear fraternity's dearest possession,
'my honor.' Sigma Nu stands for honor,
friendship and love, and I am one of a
chosen few of that dear, grand f ra-
ternity." This Is his letter written to
Durie before she left home:
My Own Little Sweetheart: I have Just re
turned from Soulsbyvllle, but must answer
your dear letter, although it is twelve p. m.
I am a regular tramp, ain't I dear?. First at
one place and then another. I think 1 will
be in Sonora Saturday evening, so, dear, you
must bear my presence for the entire even
ing, all alone. Saturday evening I want you
all to myself, dear one, so you must grin and
b.-ar it. I am only Joking, dear, for I know you
will be glad to see me, won't you, my love?
I know you will excuse my last letter, dear
est, but I felt terribly mean that day, and,
love, my own, if I hurt your feelings I will
love you all the more, if that can be, to make
up for it. I know you love me, dear, and I
would trust you with all that I hold dear in
this world. I trust you with mine and my
dear fraternity's dearest possession, my honor.
Our one motto Is "Love your honor better than
your life." It is a grand motto and a dearly
beloved fraternity, Sigma Nu. Dear old "Sigma
Nu." But the motto is not too noble for the
Sigma Nu, if you only know what Sigma Nu
means. It la the iron band, love, for one
another, the band that binds a rhosen few in
honor, friendship, love, and If the road of
life be hard for a brother, "Sigma Nu" ex
tends a helping hand. For life are we bound
and none regret It. Is it not a grand thing,
dear? If I could only tell you all the mean
ing "Sigma Nu" means, dear, you would be
proud that I am a Sigma Nu; that I am one
of a chosen few of that grand, dear, noble fra-
ternity.
Well, dearest, you must excuse my enthu
siasm, but I do so love "Sigma Nu" aJid
love to talk about her and praise her.
I am feeling a little better now, darling, so
do not worry on my account. But you, dear
one, must take care of that cough. You will !
for my sake, won't you, my own sweetheart?
You must remember you are my baby now, and i
that I love you, sweetheart, better than all
the world, so, love, take care of yourself, for
you are mine always now. Don't be careless, |
dear, and catch cold, for my sake. When in !
the evening you pet the blues think of your |
true love, sweetheart, and how he loves you,
and that may help to cheer you. I think of
you always, dear one. You are In my dreajns '■
at night and my thoughts in the day time, and,
love, if you only knew how much I love you. \
But how can 1 tell you?. I can't. But you
believe me, sweetheart, don't you?
Well, my own, I must close. Will try and
see you Saturday evening and we will take a
walk. Will you. dear? I love to have you all
to myself. Good night, my own precious love I
and a kiss to dream of. I love you, my little I
queen, better than all the world and am, with
all my heart, yours forever, GEORGE.
Other letters are in the same erotic !
vein, full of endearing terms and prom- !
ises of everlasting affection. Here is an- '
other:
My Dear Little Sweetheart: I received your
letter Friday, but could not answer as I could i
not get up to Sugar Pine until Saturday even- j
Ing, that being too late for the stage.
I am about disgusted with this county, and :
believe me, dear one, had It not been for you
I would have traveled long since. |
I was not Immensely overjoyed with the tone
I of your letter, sweetheart— too much jostling.
; I like a sincere and serious letter. Tou are
' not beginning to tire of me are you, my own
love? If so say the word, and I will never
be Been In Sonora again.
But darling, you do still love me, don't you 7
Tou do not know how much or how strong my
love for you Is; my dreams, my thoughts are
' all for you, my love. I love you. Durle, darling,
as I will never love again. Believe me, dear
heart, and only love me as you say you do,
and I am your slave. I know I am very queer
and somewhat erratic, but you will know me
better as our hearts draw nearer, dear.
This Is all the paper in the cabin, so I will
have to close. Write as soon as you get this
and address to Soulsbyville, bo I can get it
Tuesday or Wednesday. Hoping you are feel-
Ing better than I, with all my love, I am yours
forever, GEORGE.
In a later epistle Alexander's affection
seems to be cooling, and he writes only
of his own plans for the future. He says:
My Dear Durie: I hope you will pardon my
long silence, but it has been almost impossible
for me to write before now. I have Just re
turned from work and am very tired. I have
been working at Mare Island for the past two
weeks, almost day and night. There are now
seven war vessels lying at the navy yard for
repairs, and the Government has been rush-
Ing them through for Rome reason or other.
The general belief Is that trouble with Spain
and Japan Is expected. Two hundred men are
at work day an<l night, a^id no one Is allowed
on the island not employed there, and no mail
is allowed to be sent or received. Therefore,
dear, you see how it was. I went there unex
pectedly, so had no time to write. I am oft
on leave for a day and return to work to
niKht. My uncle has ( harse of the work and
all my orders come from him. I received my
commission In the navy. I don't think I will
stay long, only a few weeks more.
I will probably return to Sonora when the
water comes agrain, but no one knows when
that will be. How are you, dear? I am well.
Saw Phil quite a time ago, but did not have
much time to talk to him. Well, dear. I must
close, as I am so nervous I can hardly write.
Write soon and address Reliance Club. Oak
land, and I will get it when I get off next
time. Hoping you are well, with" love and a
kiss, I remain yours. GEORGE.
•
DURIE'S LOVE LED
HER INTO SIN
All Her Friends Uphold Her
Good Character.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 17.— The friends of pret
ty little Durie Helthler denounce George
A. Alexander for his malicious attempt to
besmirch the girl's character. The girl
bore an excellent reputation among her
•friends and at the University of the Pa
cific. Miss Heithier was always regarded
as an innocent little thing and only her
mad Infatuation for the man who branded
her as a Magdalen and a blackmailer led
her to attempt suicide.
Miss Wilma TannehJll, Durle's room
mate, knows more of the girl, perhaps,
than any ono else. She became acquaint
ed with Alexander and Miss Heithier at
• Sonora. At that time the latter was only
116 years oid. Alexander was up there
studying mining. He did little work, de
; voting: most of his time to making love
I to the injured girl.
Durie never made a confidante of her
i roommate regarding her love affair. But
' she often spoke of Alexander and said
she loved him. It was understood they
1 were engaged.
Miss Tannehill is positive Durie never
I demanded money from Alexander.
Miss Heithier gave as her reason for
! going to San Francisco Monday that she
' -wanted to see her guardian. Ben Rucker.
! She was dissatisfied with the course she
was taking at the university and wanted
I to change to typewriting and stenography
or a commercial course, whereby she
could make her own living after she left
the school.
Dr. Modish, president of the University
of the Pacific, speaks very highly of Miss
Heither. She was a bright pupil and al
ways very lady like. Miss Bessie Mayne,
the' preceptress, also expressed the same
opinion, as did all her classmates. None
of Miss Heithier's friends have anything
but words of praise for her, while they
denounce Alexander's perfidy. She was
in love with him and often said that if
the stories of his fickleness that reached
her ears proved true she. would kill him
and herself. '
BECKER AND CREEGAN
WERE NOT CONVICTED
THE TRIAL JURY FAILS TO
BEACH AN AGREEMENT.
Case Will Go to Irrial Again Next
Monday — Defendants' Counsel
• Objects to Unseemly
Haste.
The Jury in the Becker-Creegan case
was unable to reach a verdict as to the
! guilt or innocence of the alleged forgers,
: and yesterday morning at 10 o'clock
i Judge Wallace ordered it discharged. The
i jury retired to deliberate Tuesday even
j Ing at 5:30 o'clock. The hours dragged
' along with no word from the jury and
* Judge Wallace ordered it locked up for
| the night. Wednesday afternoon the in
structions were again read to the jury
and it again retired. All Wednesday night
it deliberated without result, and yester
day morning the members asked to be
discharged. The request was granted
without comment, and Judge Wallace set
the 21st as the date for the opening of
the third trial.
Attorney McPike, who was present in
court in the interest of the defendants,
i objected to such an early date. Henry
Ach, special counsel for the prosecution,
objected to a further continuance and de
manded that the case should again go
Ito trial on the date set. Mr. McPike pro
' fessed great indignation at the haste dis
j played, and stated that when the case was
I again called he would make a legal show
j ing for a transfer to another department
| of the Superior Court.
It is stated that Edward Lange, David
| Brooks and E. H. Seaman held out for
• acquittal, while the other nine jurors mi
i sisted that the defendant should be con
victed.
Why We Should Be Thankful This
Year.
By Secretary Lyman Gage,
Governor Theodore Roosevelt,
General Nelson A. Miles,
Dr. Henry M. Fields.
President Jacob Schurman of Cornell,
Russell Sage,
Commander Philip, North Atlantic
Squadron,
Andrew Carnegie,
In next Sunday's Call.
OFFICIALS CHOSEN
FOR THE BIG GAME
GOODWIN AND HABVEY WILL
FIX PENALTIES.
They Will Meet the College jffanag
ers to Discuss and Determine the
Interpretation of the Bules.
The officials for the Thanksgiving day
football game were selected yesterday
morning after much labor on the part of
the coliege managers. They will be the
same as last year: William Goodwin of
Yale and Fred EL Harvey of the Massa
chusetts Institute of Technology.
Both men are well known on this coast
as prominent athletes and versed in the
laws and rules of football. Harvey was
formerly a center rush of good reputation.
He has a quick eye. is keen on the discov
ery of any infraction of the rules, and is a
determined judge. He is a prominent
member of the University Club of this
city.
Goodwin resides in Portland and will
come to this city especially to referee the
game. Harvey and Goodwin will alter
nate as referee and umpire.
A meeting of the officials and the col
lege managers will take place in this city
early next week, when the rules will be
read in concert and the interpretation
fixed before the day of the game.
Sailor Fatally Stabbed.
Andrew Nelson, a sailor, 40 years of age,
; was stabbed in the abdomen by Gus Schil
i ling at the corner of Oregon and Drumm
1 streets last night. Schilling was arrested,
| but was too drunk to make a statement
' and will be held awaiting the result of
1 Nelson's injuries. Nelson was taken to
i the Harbor Hospital, where his injuries
were dressed by Dr. Zabala. He will prob
i ably die.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Four things come not back: the spoken*, word; the sped arrow; th«
past life, and the neglected opportunity.
How about wasted dollars?
flens' Suits
We've been selling boys' clothes
but haven't neglected you.
It's easy to advertise a ten dollar
suit for eight forty-five, and often
easy to sell them, but do the buy-
ers come back; do they get satisfac-
tion? We want you to say " I get
all my clothes at Roos Bros';" that
will be our best advertisement.
We've marked down a lot of ten dollar suits to
sell them quickly and have you talk about us.
Scotch Cheviot, handsome gray and brown mix-
tures, with threads of red and dark 'olive, small
broken checks and partially visible plaids, fine
serge lining, fancy striped sleeve lining, double
stitched seams, double stitched edge, turned
ivory buttons.
$8.45
Friday ' Saturday Monday
Chinchilla Overcoats
Here's a bargain! heavy blue and black chinchilla overcoats,
all sizes, regularly five dollars, cut to
(t A A A Friday
\/L fl I I Saturday
VJJ « %\J \J Monday
Roos Bros*
Kearny and Post
WINEMAKERS WILL
STAND TOGETHER
PRESIDENT HENBY CROCKER'S
ADMUfISTRATION INDORSED
Convention Concludes Its Labors and
Re-elects the Old Board of Direct
ors With. Two Exceptions.
At the second session of the California
Wlnemakers' Corporation held yesterday
in the Chamber of Commerce, the mem
bers upheld the policy of President Henry
J. Crocker's administration by electing
the old board of directors with two excep
tions. Those were P. C. Rossi and John
H. Wheeler. The two gentlemen were
placed in nomination and would have been
elected, but both declined. They took
this course In order to avert criticism
since they are dealers as well as wine
makers. They retire with the best wishes
of the other members.
Ihe board as now constituted consists
of Henry J. Crocker, C. F. Montealegre.
B. W. Paxton, Peter Ball, H. V. Chase,
D. M. Delmas, W. J. Hotchkiss, Osgood
Putnam who represents Alameda County,
and C. N. Pickett of JS'apa, the last two
; being newly elected. The board will or
i ganize and re-elect Henry Crocker presi
; dent.
j At the morning session R. C. Terry, D. M.
i Delmas, Osgood Putnam and J. Jacobi, of
1 Lachman & Jacobi. addressed the mem
j bers, and made powerful arguments for
! a continuance of the corporation and for
harmony in its ranks. The question of
■ the continuance of the organization will
\ be taken up six months hence, as the
agreement will not expire until the pres
i ent vintage is disposed of.
It developed in discussion that certain
> members had violated the agreement en-
I tered into in 1894 to sell to consumers only
; and not to dealers. They had become ais
; satisfied with the price obtained for '96
; wine, and had sold their '97 product direct.
They had not as yet transferred their '98
wine to the corporation on that account,
but after listening to the earnest pleas
! made by some members to stand by tneir
: agreement they have agreed to carry out
: their promises, and will transfer their
! wine.
President Crocker was jubilant at the
I outcome of the convention, and predicted
a brilliant future for the corporation. In
speaking of i.»e situation after the ad
journment he said: "I believe that I have
succeeded in getting what I have been
striving for a long time, and that is vie
undivided support of the members of the
corporation. The members came to this
convention intending to find fault with tne
management, but when tilings were ex
plained to them they saw the wisdom of
our course and the result shows they have
unqualifiedly indorsed our administration.
The policy on the old lines will be con
tinued. By the address of Mr. Jacobi,"tne
members see that the wine dealers are
in sympathy with the producers and not
against them as hitherto been supposed
They realize that the dealer can not profit
in the long run unless the maker also
profits. We have been getting S^, and 10%
cents a gallon for our wine, and" we have
the bulk of it left on a rising market, it
is the first time in the history of the wine
Industry that the market is open, and this
has been brought about by the California
Winemakers' Corporation."
Services at St. Ignatius.
At St. Ignatius Church next Sunday the
sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass will be
by Rev. George Burkard, S. J., who will
preach on the gospel of the day. The
evening sermon, on "The Sins of the
Tongue," will be preached by Very Rev.
Father Frieden, S. J. On Thursday
morning. November 24, at S o'clock, a sol
emn mass of reo.ulem will be celebrated
in St. Ignatius Church for the repose of
the souls of deceased members of the
Ladles' Sodality. Also on Thursday
morning at 8 o'clock the annual mass of
requiem for the repose of the souls of the
deceased members of the Gentlemen's So
dality will be celebrated in the Sodality
Chapel.
In the Divorce Courts.
James E. Bassity was granted a di
vorce from Josephine Bassity yesterday
on the ground of willful desertion. Alice
M. Sinclair has sued George S. b.nclair
for a divorce, alleging as ground of ?ic
tion that the defendant has been convict
ed of a fe!ony. Joseph C. Glanini has ap
plied for a divorce from Grace Glanini, al
leging Intemperance as a cause of com
plaint. Emma Brodt asks for a divorce
from Joseph Brodt on the ground of de
sertion.
Return of Rev. A. A. Loude.
Rev. A. A. Loude, pastor of the French
church on Bush street, who has been so
journing In France for the past four
months, will shortb arrive in this city
to resume his duties among the French
people here. He arrived at New
York last Sunday on the steamer La
Champagne and is expected here before
the end of the present week.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin Eta. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
1 THE ROAD TO HEALTH i
« OHOULD.ONLY BE TRAVELED IN **
O our shoes,", for our footwear Is spe- 33
ft clally adapted for our climatic-changes, w
v^ We «• have ■It ; made that. way. -Ladies' '•*
*•* Shoes, button or lace, particularly neat £f
« and dressy- In appearance, but yet made
w solid and serviceable. The best of Vicl ft
ft Kid, with new Coin Toes and Kid Tips, w
p. Double Soles, with extension edges. The '"*
£* latest Vamps and Heel Foxings. Try £t
« a pair, either style, button or lace, sold
for $2 25, worth 13. all widths and sizes. ft
3 33
SPECIAL — A 16-page book of ft
ft Views of the Late War will be for- w
ri warded to any one sending us the *•*
names of 25 ladies residing in the £
ft country-
ft »
« .. Alaska Seal Shoes, Lace or Con- ££
Kress >?00 w
ft Alaska Seal Shoes, with Cork Sole*. 860 «
w Black Box Calf Shoes for 100 a
Cc Country orders solicited. ~
Cf Send for illustrated catalogue. ££
ft "
g B, KATCHINSKI, «
» PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., »
S 10 Third St., San Pranoisco. #
DR. PIERCES THE BEST.
■iiii
If you want the BES^T. you must have
••nR PIERCES." Thousands of cures.
CTCaJI or send 2 cents in stamps for our
••Rook No. 1," on Rupture, or -Book No.
2" on Electric Belts. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.
/Medical Dept.) 620 Market street, oppo-
site Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
Idkmulty.
niHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
1 Speci»l Is t cures Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'r*' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms rea^nahlo. lloursQ
to3dallj-;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, lOto 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull, or address
P. ROSCOE McNULTY. M.D.,
26 Vt Kearny St.. San Francisco, Cal.
\A/. X. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNSY-AT LAW,
Tenth Fluor. Iloonj 1015, Clam S <eia Bids*
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California at., below Pow«O»
Ban Francisco. . ' .' ' ' ■
yfTN.D£WEY, STRONG &CO.^ffgN.
t
V£S^33o MARKET ST. S.F.'^2S^_
; Weak Men and Women
; SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, i THB
I v , great Mexican remedy; gives health and
1 atrenstb to »exuai organ*. Depot. VI Uarkct.