VOLUME LXXXIV.-KO. 179.
AMERICA MAKES
AN AGREEMENT
WITH ENGLAND
An "Open Door" Policy Will Pre
vail iq the Philippine
Islands.
To Carry Out Its Pledge tbe United States
Will Retain the Military Gov
ernment.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Nov. 25.
The Call correspondent received to
day from a close friend of the admin
istration what is believed to be an en
tirely reliable statement to the effect
that it is the purpose of President Mc-
Kinley to continue the existing military
government over the Philippines at
least during the remainder of his term
of office. The treaty-making power is
of course vested in the Senate as well
as the President of the United States,
and the result of the agreement reach
ed at Paris will have to be ratified by
the Senate. But when it comes to en
acting a form of government for the
Philippines both bodies of Congress
will have to be consulted. So, when it
is stated that President McKinley has
determined to continue in force the
military government, the consent of
Congress is taken into consideration.
It is believed that the leaders who are
his supporters in both the House and
the Senate are aware of his determina
tion.
This solution of the Philippine prob
lem has been hinted at for some time.
Of late reports have been printed to
the effect'lhat the United States would
not seek to effect complete sovereignty
over the islands, though the exact na
ture of our control over them has been
variously surmised. The discussion of
the "open door" policy during the past
few weeks has given the public an in
sight into the administration's probable I
intentions. The Berlin cablegram to the
London Times and that paper's edi
torial comment on the "open door" pol
icy, printed yesterday, and especially
that part of it quoting Secretary Hay,
have given a clew to the proposed pro
gramme.
It was pointed out in these dispatches
several weeks ago that several months
since there were rumors of an Anglo-
American alliance, but that they were
based on an agreement between Em
linp-n'l*^-". p,,v. Lord Salisbury and Mr.
Chamberlain, whereby England and
America were to join hands in the East
and compete jointly for the trade of
the Orient, where Germany is making
such rapid strides and where Russia
promises to acqupire all of the Chinese
empire eventually if her aggressions
are not resisted. The United States
<•;•! not bind herself to aid England
with an armed force to resist Russian
aggressions in Manchuria, but England
was anxious the United States should
retain the Philippines in order that the
two great English-speaking people
might use it as a base or entering
•wedge for a gradual extension of trade
in the Orient, especially beyond the
Chinese walls where Russia and Ger
many are beginning to make commer
cial headway.
Another agreement reached by Em-
SPAIN'S CABINET
AGREES TO DEMANDS
Heady to Sign the Treaty of Peace
and Instructions Telegraphed
to Paris.
LONDON, Nov. 25.— A dispatch sent
this evening to the Sun from Madrid
Bays that the Cabinet has agTeed to
gubmlt to the American demands, and
that Spain will sign the treaty of peace
under reserves. Instructions to this
effect have been telegraphed to Senor
Montero Rios, president of the Spanish
Peace Commission at Paris. Another
dispatch from Madrid says that the
Ministers have drawn up a set of In
structions that will be forwarded to
Benor Montero Rios. It is believed, the
dispatch says, that the last meeting of
the Joint commission -will be held on
Monday, November 23.
SCATTERING RATIONS
ALONG THE SEACOAST
General Wood Provides Means to
Enable Cubans to Return to
Their Farms.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— General Wood,
commanding the Department of Santiago,
has nent an official report to the War De
partment, of which the following is an
extract:
"I have sent rations all along the sea
coant and by pack trains Into the interior,
using every effoit to scatter the rat'ons
nbout in such a manner as to enable the
people desiring to return to their farms
In the interior to do °o with a reasonal>'<
assurance that they can obtain food while
waiting for the development of thoir firr.t
crop. Santiago to-day is as cle^n and
hfrtlt'ry as any town of its size alons the
American seac-nast south of Fort Monroe.
Excellent cnier prc-valls; theri-± laa not
been a murder in the city since our occu
pancy."
FORTY GIRLS INJURED
IN A BURNING BAZAAR
Narrow Escape of a Repetition of the
Horrible Holocaust at
Paris.
PARIS, Nov. 25.— There was a very
narrow escape to-day from a repetition
of the terrible disaster of the Charity
bazaar fire. While a religious ceremony
•was in progrress in the vestry room of '
the Church of St. Germain dcs Pros !
where many girls from the schools were :
in attendance, the cinematograph lamps
were suddenly extinguished and a fearful
panic ensued, everybody instantly recall- '
Ing the Chartiy Bazaar fire.
The priests finally succeeded In allaying
the panic, but not before forty girls were
more or less seriously Injured by tramp
ling.
HXJNTINGTON NOT IN IT.
Has No Connection With the Balti
more and Ohio Deal.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25 —The Herald's
railroad edition Bays that developments
I bassador Hay and Lord Salisbury -was
; that in our control of the Philippines
the "open-door" policy should prevail.
Yesterday's London Times quoted Em
bassador Hay as having said that the
"door would be open to the commerce
| of all nations," but that this did not
i Imply absence of tariff taxes. It meant
rather, he said, that other nations
would have facilities of trade in the
Philippines equal to that f the United
States. In other words, there would be
no Inequality or discrimination as be
tween nations and this in fact was
what an "open-door" policy implied.
The Times added that there was no rea
son to doubt the sincerity of the United
States or her ability to faithfully per
form her obligations.
Congressman Dingley. chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee, and who
has by reason of that eminent position
been called to confer with President
McKinley many times of late, shed a
great deal of light on this subject to
day when he said:
"It should be borne In mind that a
very vital point as to the revenue is
involved in the possible admission of
Porto Rico, Cuba and the Philippines
into the Union as Territories or States.
These tropical islands are capable of
producing every pound of sugar and
many other tropical products that the
United States consumes. If they should
be admitted into the Union in such a
manner as to extend our tariff over
them and thereby allow a free Impor
tation of their products we would prob
ably lose not less than $60,000,000 of rev
enue annually, which would be a very
serious situation under existing con
ditions. All of these difficulties only
serve to emphasize the soundness of the
suggestion that the policy is to continue
the military administration of what
ever islands fall into our hands, and in
the meantime make a thorough investi
gation of every phase of the serious
problems which must be met. This will
properly prepare us to meet them with
wise legislation."
The three most potent reasons for the
administration's conclusion to continue
the existing military government are
stated to be the following:
First— -In order to keep the pledge
made to Fngland that the "open door"
policy should prevail (which could not
be if we established complete sover
eignty over the islands).
Second— lf the Islands were to be an
nexed the United States would lose $80,
000,000 in revenue now annually re
ceived from sugar importations, and
which revenue is indispensable.
Third— The presence of our soldiers
In the islands will hold the Filipinos in
complete subjection, whereas if we
should annex the islands an undesirable
element would not only become a part
and parcel of this Union, but these na
tives would be a source of everlasting
trouble.
This solution of the problem would
at the same time have a tendency to
conciliate those who now strenuously
onnose what they term the President's
policy of expansion, or "imperialism."
thus far fail to indicate that Huntington
«*% £2V2 V connection with the Baltimore
ana Ohio deal, as reported in some quar
ters. It says that the men who have ob
tained control are Hill, Field and others
mentioned In recent dispatches from
Chicago.
JUDGE ONG ON THE
TRAIL OF MR. BLANDIN
Anxious to Begin Proceedings
Against the Judge for His
Attack on the Bench.
CLEVELAND. Nov. Judge W. C.
Ong of the Common Pleas Court tj-day
issued a call for a meeting of the bench
to take action on the sensational attack
made on the Judges by ex-Judge Blandin
at the finish of the Burke hearing on
Wednesday. *
j A ,*. the meeting this afternoon It was
decided, before proceeding against Judge
Blandin either by contempt proceedings
or through the newspapers to procure a
copy of his speech as It was taken down
by the official stenographer.
It is altogether improbable that con
tempt proceedings will be instituted
against Judge Blandin as a majority of
the members of the bench are opposed to
it. Judge Ong may. however, nroce^d
against Judge Blandin alone if he decides
the Judge is in contempt.
Judges Dallenbaugh and Lamson did
not attend the meeting.
MOHICAN TO CARRY
A MODERN BATTERY
Naval Board Recommends That It Be
Made a First-Class Training
Ship.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.-The Naval
Board of Construction at its meeting to
day decided to recommend to the Secre
tary of the Navy that the old ship Mohi
can be overhauled at the Mare Island
Navy-yard, California, and made into a
first-class training vessel for naval ap
prentices. The board's plans provide for
putting In a spar deck and new boilers
and installing a modern battery, so that
the Mohican may bp effective "in hostili
ties. It was estimated th?it the entire
work of improvement would cos< about
$100,000. The Mohican was built at Mare
Island in 1882.
ADVANCE OF MENELIX.
Pressing on to Boru-Mieda With a
Vast Army.
LONDON. Nov. 25.— Rome corre
spondent of the Dally Mail says: The
I Government is alarmed at the receipt of
: reports that Emperor Menelik of Abys
sinia is advancing on Boru-Mieda with
: 100,000 men armed with rifles and a nu
merous trail: of artillery. It is believed
the object of the Negua Is the Bahr-el-
I Ghazel Basin and that he will attempt
to force a definite boundary settlement.
OPPOSITION TO PACIFIC MAIL.
Joint Line, of Steamer* to Run to
Central American Ports.
j NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— A dispatch to the
Herald from Panama .says: The Pacific
Steam Navigation Company and the Coin
panla Sud Americana de los Vapores have
The San Francisco Call
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1898.
finally decided to extend their joint line
to Central American ports, in opposition
to the Pacific Mall Steamship Company.
These companies will inaugurate the
service with the new steamship Arequipa,
which will leave Valparaiso November 30,
ftrriving here December 17. It will leave
December 20, touching at all Central Am
erican ports as far north as Ocos, Guate
mala. AVeekly thereafter the steamers
will take cargoes for Europe from Cen
tral American ports, via the Straits of
Magellan, until arrangements are con
cluded with the Panama Railroad for
isthmus transit.
FIRE DESTROYS EIGHT
KESWICK BUILDINGS
Property Valued at Over $20,000
Burned in the Smelter
City.
REDDING, Nov. 25.— Fire in Keswick.
the smelter city north of Redding, con
sumed over $20,000 worth of property at an
early hour this morning. There was but
JloOO insurance. Eight buildings, containing
eipht saloons, a drug store, a variety stove
and a bnrbcr shop, were burned. They
were located on North street, and consti
tuted what was a part of "Whisky Row."
All were frame structures, highly inflam
mable, and the contents were of much the
same character.
The fire originated in Dlnnfgan's saloon,
and is thought to have been of incendiary
origin. Owing to the lack of water it was
with great difficulty that other and more
valuable property was savi d. This was
the second fire within six months, and the
two have consumed the greater part cf
tht^ growing town.
This morning's losses are: R. P. Dlnni
gan, building, stock* and fixtures, $1700; in
surance, $900. Cro3by & Stewart, .saloon
and stock, $750: no insurance. George
Craig, saloon, sfbck and fixtures, $000; no
insurance. Lewis & Galvin, saloon and
stock, $ITXX): insurance, $600; Crosby & Pat
terson, saloon and fixtures, $750; no insur-
BEAUTY TO BAPTISE A CHILD OF MARS
ance. Jacob Mugler, saloon and stock,
$1000: no insurance. Van de Meter, saloon
building and fixtures, $2000; no insurance.
"William McGeehan, three buildings, $2500;
no insurance. Peter Mugler, one building,
$1000; no insurance. McCandliss & Patter
son, building, $2000; insurance, $1200. 8. A.
Sparks, Jewelry, $40<>; no Insurance*.
Branch County Jail, $250. C. 13. Lee, res
taurant and building:, $1000; insurance, $.JOO.
Ed KeJsslinp, saloon building 1 , $750; no in
surance. J. G. Ingersoll, building and
variety stock, $800; no Insurance. sioun
tain Copper Company, cottage, $200; in-
Buta.nce, $100.
The fire lasted Just three-quarters of an
hour, and the intervening streets and va
cant lots were the only salvation of the
town.
RUSSIA WILL NOT
TRY TO INTERFERE
But the Taking of the Philippines
May Presage the Termination of
Friendship for Uncle Sam.
BERLIN, Nov. 25.— The St. Peters
burg: correspondent of the Berlin Tage
blatt says a Russian diplomat In the
course of an interview has declared
that Russia ■will not stir a finger to
prevent the United States from occu
pying the Philippines, but he said he
was unable to conceal his conviction
that the Injustice of America's atti
tude presaged the termination of the
friendship which has hitherto subsisted
between Russia and the United States.
LONDON, Nov. 26.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Standard says: It is
hinted that the delay in the peace ne
gotiations here is chiefly due to the lr
ritHtion of Senor Montero Rios, who
wants to resign and has only consented
to retain his membership in the Paris
commission on a personal appeal of
Senor Sagasta to his patriotism, the
premier having assured him that per
sonal responsibility is in no wise in
volved.
FORCED TO THE WALL
New England Shoe Manufacturing
Concern Fails.
BOSTON, Nov. 25. — The firm of Oolburn,
Puller & Co., one of the oldest and most
prominent shoe-manufacturing firms in
New England, made a voluntary assign
ment tn-day. The liabilities are estimated
fit $300,000, "largely in notes. The amount
of assets Is not known.
Shafter and Garci:. Meet.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— "While passing
out of the Fifth Avenue Hotel to-night
General Shafter and General Calixto Gar
cia met for the first time since the capitu
lation of Santiago. The two generals fi
lmed .simultaneously, men shook hand!
.:, d conversed pleasantly for several mln-
Each seemed pleased at the meet
ing.
Five Years in San Quentin.
S.AN JOSE, Nov. 15.— John Matthews,
who until recently was Constable at Mil
pitas, was to-day sentenced by Judge
I ..or I pan to five years In San Quentin
Prison for the killing of Henry Hopken.
CAUSES GREATER
STORM THAN ThE
DREYFUS AFFAIR
Clamor for Justice for
Picquart.
COURT-MARTIAL TO BE HELD
MAY BE CONDEMNED TO SHIELD
THE GENERAL STAFF.
Minister of War de Freycinet Ac
1 cused of Quailing Before General
Zurlinden, the Military
Governor.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
PARIS, Nov. 25.— The Picquart case
seems in the way of raising even a
greater storm than the Dreyfus affair.
The papers favorable to the general
CENTRAL FIGURES JIT THE LJUUiCHMG
staff are dumb In the face of the bare
faced decision of the Military Governor
of Paris, General Zurllnden, to try Col
onel Plcquart by court-martial, while
those favoring revision are furious at
this new attempt to defeat justice and
protest against the court-martial being
ordered.
Nobody bellves that Colonel Picquart
is guilty of any crime except a cour
ageous desire to render Justice to Drey
fus, but on all sides it is recognized
that in a practically secret trial he may
be condemned on some technicality,
thus attaining the apparent object,
which is to throw doubt upon his de
positions before the Court of Cassa
tion in the Dreyfus trial.
Every one is asking the motive of
General Zurlinden in bo persistently
pursuing Colonel Picquart, and why a
murtmarital, if necessary, could not
he postponed until the decision of the
Court of Cassation has been given.
PJvery one is asking whether it is a des
perate attempt to shield the former
Minister of War, General Mercier, and
the general staff, even at the risk of
precipitating disaster and the nation's
hatred, and in any event of driving
every doubting person into the Drey
fusite party.
A protest against the court-martial of j
Picquart, bearing the signatures of
leading authors, politicians and jour
nalists, is being widely circulated for
further names and will be presented to
the Government. This evening it is re
ported that M. de Freycinet, Minister of
\var. has consented to be interpellated
on the subject in the Chamber of Depu
ties next Monday, when a sensational
scene may be expected.
Another of the features of the case
Is the torrent of hostile criticism now
poured upon M. de Freycinet, who is
accused of quailing before General Zur
linden and the general staff.
M. Labouri, Colonel Picouart's coun
sel, says he is convinced it will be im
possible to condemn . Picquart on the
charge of forgery, but that the accused
officer may possibly be condemned on
the charge of communicating secret
documents, although the communica
tion was in no way inimical to the in
terests of the state.
Colonel Picquart continued his evi
dence before the Court of Cassation
throughout the whole day. and his de
position is expected to occupy several
days more. There is still some hope
that he may receive justice, owing to
the presence on the court-martial of
Colonel Bonnal, who is a great friend
of Picquart, but M. Clemenceau, in
Aurore. declares that the court-martial
is packed, and accuses M. de Freycinet
of allowing an innocent man to be vic
timized in order to increase his own
chances at the next Presidential elec
tion.
CAPTAIN DREYFUS'
LETTER TO HIS WIFE
In It He Despairs of Ever Getting
Justice and Says He Will Write
No More.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— A Paris cable
says: I am able to send to the World
a translation of a letter from Captain
Dreyfus read to his wife by the chief
clerk of the Minister of the Colonies,
the French Government having with
held from her the possession of the
original letter:
Despair Is beginning to seize me. Have
all my friends forgotten me? No one
seems to be occupying themselves with
me. I recall to you that months and
months ago I wrote to the President of
the republic and General Boisdeffre. beg
ging them to introduce a revision of my
case. I am without news, and nothing
comes to me. I leave as a bequest to the
President and General Boisdeffre the
avenging of my memory, of clearing my
honor, my name and that of my dear chil
dren, whom I shall see no more. I shall
no longer communicate with my family,
as I have said all there is to be said arid
I have nothing more to say.
WILL LEASE THE THEATER.
Bernhardt's Proposition Accepted by
Paris' Municipal Council.
PARIS, Nov. 25.— The president of the
Municipal Council of Paris has informed
Mme. Sarah Bernhardt that the Cotjncil
has accepted her recent offer to take a
lease of the Theater dps Naciones, built
on the site of the old Opera Comique.
In her proposition Mme. Bernhardt
promised to give her entire time to the
theater and to play the principal roles
herself.
BEAUTY STANDS
SPONSOR TO A
NATION'S MIGHT
To-Day With Bubbling Wine the
Battle-Ship Wisconsin Will
Be Christened.
Miss Elizabeth Stephenson, With SeveQty of the
Baptismal Party, Arrives fron)
Milwaukee.
All Is ready for the launching of the
good ship Wisconsin. The shorers are
loosed, the scantling knocked away and
the big battleship rests on her blocks
! alone, waiting the serving of the tide
I at 9:30 o'clock this morning, when little
Lucille Gage will press the button and
j set her slipping down the ways to the
waters of the bay.
Miss Elizabeth Stephenson, the Wis
consin beauty, who has come into the
West to christen with sparkling 1 wine
the big battleship, arrived yesterday
from Milwaukee with the notables of
her numerous retinue. Nearly every
city of importance in the Badger State
has sent a representative and they are
every one of them enthusiastic over the
object of their pilgrimage.
The splendid special Pullman, train
that has been the home of the party
during their six days of transconti
nental travel pulled into the mole at
7:10 in the morning and upon alighting
Miss Stephenson was greeted by Hon.
Irving M. Scott and Willis G. Dodd of
the Union Iron Works, who were on
hand to welcome them to the city and
see to their guidance to their quarters
on this side. Room Clerk T. B. O'Brien
of the Palace was also on hand and
when the party arrived at the hotel
everything was found in readiness for
their arrival.
After a rest and a hearty luncheon
carriages were provided and every one
went for a drive through the park and
to the Cliff House and the pleasant
jaunt was doubly appreciated £fter a
week of sight seeing through car win
dows.
The arrival of the Stephenson party
had been preceded by that of Governor
and Mrs. Gage and pretty little Lucille
Gage, who will press the button that
will set the big ship slipping down the
ways for her maiden dip in the waters
of the broad Pacific.
Promptly at 8:30 o'clock this morn
ing Mr. Scott will meet the Governor
and his family, Miss Stephenson and
the rest of the christening party at
Mission-street wharf, where two tugs
will be in waiting to take them to the
launching yards in the Potrero. Near
the bow of the big boat special seats
have been arranged for the Wisconsin
guests and from there with the silken
banners of their State that they have
brought with them for the purpose they
will wave a royal salute when the bat
tleship is liberated.
The ceremony that will attend upon
the launching is not an extensive one.
but it will be impressive and beautiful
in the extreme. Commodore Watson
will, of course, represent the navy and
to him the pupils of the Irving Scott
School will tender a handsome stand
of colors intended for the new vessel.
The colors were made by the pupils of
the sewing department of the school,
who have worked lndefatigably over
them for over a t month and when the
flag is presented the commodore will
say some pleasant things about the
pupils of Mr. Scott's school and the
good that has been done in the district
by his constant planning and work for
the betterment of the condition of the
hundreds of men and their families
who are in his employ.
At 9:15 o'clock Clara Iza Price's elo
quent ode to the Wisconsin will be i
read and then the ways cleared to wait
the tide. Following Ifl the ode that the i
Badger State pilgrims have accepted ■
as a lyric c position of their own senti- ;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ment for tho big fighting boat that
honors their commonwealth:
Go forth, thou ship with the wel!-loved name.
The waves of the sea to breast;
Leap out, like a line from a lifebark flung.
To the billows' waiting crest.
Thy charge, "stanil firm in the battle fray,"
Aa firm as the plne-clarl hills
Of the State whose name thou bearest— her
boast.
The training of mighty wills.
Stand firm as her shores by the lake waves
lashed —
Ice girt as the years roll by —
Flower decked when the sun laughs out In Joy
And the spring birds northward f1y.,.,
Go forth as the eagle skims the blue —
Defiant, and brave and free.
A challenge to might, a menace to wrong
Wherever thy path may be.
Ten thousand hearts with hopes leap high.
Wisconsin, for thy weal.
Sail fearless, swiftly, proudly forth,
. -giant, armed In steel:
Claim foremost place on history's page,
Thou proof of finite skill.
Forth to the main, thou gallant bark,
Man's trust, beneath God's will.
The tide is expected to serve at pre
cisely 9:30 o'clock, and at the tick of
the clock little Lucille Gage will press
the button and start the big boat slid
ing toward her element. Near the bow
Miss Stephenson will be stationed with
the baptismal magnum, and at the first
move of the big ship seaward she will
dash its bubbling contents over the
curving prow in the name of the good
people of Wisconsin and to the long life
and safety of the big warrior that will
do them honor among all the navies of
the globe.
Over seven thousand invitations have
be.en issued by the management, and
for as many sightseers seats or clear
points of view have been provided; but
the thousands who have received no in
vitations are evidently as much bent
on witnessing the magnificent sight as
those who did. Nearly every tug and
small craft on the bay has been char
tered, and there is a gay bit of decora
ting being done to lend color to the oc
casion. The steamer Sausalito will
carry a load of passengers from the
regular slip at 9 o'clock, and a number
of other big excursions were in prospect
last evening.
The battleship ■Wisconsin, designed i- 1
the Bureau of Construction and Repair
of the Navy Department, is a sister
ship of the Alabama, building at the
Cramps' yard in Philadelphia, and also
of the Illinois, building at Newport
News.
Her dimensions are as follows:
Length on load water line, 363 feet;
beam extreme, 72 feet 2% inches;
draught on normal displacement cf
11,525 tons, 23 feet 6 inches; maximum
displacement, all ammunition and
stores on board, 12,325 tons; maximum
Indicated horse-power (estimated), 10,
000; probable speed, 16^2 knots; coal
supply, full bunker capacity 1400 to
1500 tons; complement of officers, 40;
seamen, marines, etc., 449.
The main battery will consist of four
13-inch breech-loadlhg rifles in Hich
born balanced turrets, oval in shape,
and placed in the center line of the ves
sel; and fourteen 6-inch rapid-fire
guns. The secondary battery will con
sist of sixteen 6-pounder rapid-flre
guns, four 1-pounder rapid-fire guns,
two Colt guns and two field guns. She
will carry four torpedo tubes. Any in-
Jury to or near either of these 6-inch
guns will be confined to its own com
partment, as a I^2-inch steel splinter
bulkhead separates each of these guns
from its neighbor.
The armor belt, which extends from
the stem to abaft the after turret, is
to be 16% inches thick at the top, and
9% inches thick at the bottom, except
at the forward end, where it will be ta-
pered to four Inches at the stem. This
belt armor will extend from four feet
below the normal load line to three and
a half feet above it, and will maintain
the full thickness amidships between
the turrets and for the distance occu-
pied by the engines and boilers. Di
agonal armor twelve inches thick, con
necting this belt armor and barbettes
and extending from the slopes of the
protective deck to the top of the side
belt, on each side, is worked to give
protection from a raking fire.
The armor on the 13-inch gun turrets
will be seventeen inches thick on the
front and fifteen inches on the rear and
sides; while on the barbettes for these
turrets, which are circular in shape,
will be fifteen inches on the front and
ten inches on the rear and sides. The
sides of the vessel above the belt armor,
in the wake of the 16-inch battery, and
forming the casement, will be armored
with 5% inches of steel, extending be
tween the turrets, with diagonal armor
of the same thickness at the ends, con
necting with the barbettes and working
above the 12-inch diagonal armor be
low.
She will be protected against the en
trance of water, in case of injury to
the side at the water line, by coffer
dams extending for the length of the
vessel on each side, and having a gen
eral width of three feet, with a total
capacity of about 12 500 cubic feet for
stowage of fire-proofed corn-pith cellu
lose. Independent of the numerous
small water-tight pockets or cells form
ing the entire scheme of cofferdams,
the inner bottom and hold, the plat
forms, splinter and berth decks are
divided in two between 200 and 300
water-tight compartments. Arranga
■ments are also made for flooding all
ammunition rooms in the event of fire
on board the vessel.
The forward conning tower armor
will be in thickness 10 inches, oval in
shape, size in the clear, 7xll feet, with
an armored tube 7 inches thick extend
ing down to the protective deck to
house all wires or other means of in
terior communication, so that the offi
cer conning the vessel in action can be
in constant and safe communication
with all parts of the ship. An after
conning or signal tower is also pro
vided, having an inside diameter of 6
feet and a thickness of 6 inches.
The turrets will be operated by elec
tric power, also the ammunition hoists
and the dynamo and auxiliary blowers
for ventilating purposes. There will be
some eighty odd auxiliary engines in
the vessel, thus adding greatly to the
efficiency of the ship. The cranes for
handling the boats are operated by
steam, also the deck winches, pumps,
windlass and steering gear (this latter
is located beneath the protective deck2
and several feet below the water line).
The height of free-board, forward of
the vessel's hull proper is twenty feet,
and at the stern thirteen and one-quar
ter ft-et The floor of the pilot-house is
forty-flve . ■. thus placing the
-eye of the steersman for ordinary cruis
ing about fifty feel above the water
The bore ol the forward 13-inch guns
will have an elevation of twenty-six
and one-half f. et, and the after 13-inch
nineteen feet above th>* surface of the
wal r. The smaller guns are mounted
in the military tops, at heights of from
fifty-nine to seventy-nine feet. This
great beighi above water of bath main
and sea-bi ard batteries will enable the
: to be fought in any weather.
Four powerful electric searchlights are
two On top of the for
ward charthouee and two on each pidg
of the after military mast. There will
be two sets of triple expansion, twin
s rew chines, each in its own separ
ate water-tight compartment. The col
lective Indicated horse-power will be
10,000, with VI" revolutions per min
iite, stroke four feet.
There are eight single cylindrical
boilers, each 15% feet in diameter by
& feel :' : ; Inches long, having a total
grate surface of 685 square feet, with
■ ■ £ heating surface;
ure, i* 1 ' pounds. These boilers are
placed two each In Com Beparat* water
tight compartments. The smoke pipes
are two in number and stand abreast
h other.
The keel of the big boat was laid
February 11, 1897, and work on the ves
sel has been constant ever since.
MONEYED WISCONSIN ITES
Big Men Among the "Badgers"
Who Predict a Bright Future
for this State.
It I- a representative lot of "Hadg
ers" that has come out from Wisconsin
to do honor to the big battleship to-day,
and every one of them has a warm spot
for California and a grist of sound con
victions and fair theories of this State's
big possibilities of trade expansion and
future wealth. As they are all of them
self-made men whose dollars it takes
seven figures to enumerate their opin
ions have almost a collateral value.
Isaa son, father of the young
lady who to-day will stand sponsor at
the baptism of the Wisconsin, has
served for years in Congress and will
probably be returned to the Senate by
the rec< at I Republican Legis
lature to take the place of Senator
John L. Mitchell, who is also one of
the visiting party. Mr. Stephenson pio
neered it into the Wisconsin woods be
fore people knew just where the State
line was, and since that time has buc
ceeded in sawing out a fortune ol
eral millions of dollars. In an Interview
rday Mr. Stephenson spoke glow
ingly of the future of California.
"The one drawback to trade that I
can see on the coast," said he, "is the
lack of a suflieient market for its lum
ber and some of its agricultural prod
ucts, and I am strongly of the opinion
that it will require the opening of the
Nicaragua canal to create these mar
kets. The East wants such lumber as
is grown on the Pacific coast, and it
wants the fruit, but a way must be
created, and a cheap way of transport
ing it to the Eastern markets, and the
only way Is by the Nicaragua roiite,
and that I think we are soon going to
have."
Henry C. Campbell, managing editor
of the Milwaukee Journal, said:
"There is a strong bond between us
of Wisconsin and California, and in
coming out here we hope more closely
to cement it. There are many natives
of our State who have come out here
and found homes and many of them
fortunes, and from the aspect of af
fairs now it seems to me and it seems
to all of us that there is to be plenty
of opportunities for us to ma-ke other
fortunes in the near future. China is
just waking up to civilization, and she
will soon get to the point where she
will need the necessities of civilization,
and finally the luxuries, and she will
turn to the market nearest her to get
them, and I think we will be in easy
possession of that trade when the time
comes."'
Another of the multi-millionaires of
the party is ex-United States Senator
Philetus Sawyer, an old gentleman of
80 odd years, but as hale and hearty as
any of the members of the party. Sen
ator Sawyer is another pioneer lumber
man of the State and is a power in the
politics of the Middle West
Senator John L. Mitchell is largely
interested in the Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul Railroad and is a son of
the founder of the company. It is he
whom Mr. Stephenson expects to suc
ceed in the Senate after next spring.
"Sam" Stephenson, a brother of the
Senator to be, also served his State for
years in Congress and is still active in
State politics.
Probably the man of largest wealth
in the party is jolly, democratic Cap
tain Pabst, founder and owner of the
famous Pabst breweries. Captain
Pabst feels as warmly for California as
do his companions, and he sees before
the State as bright a future. He and
his wife, who accompanies him, are en
joying their trip so fully that they have
almost decided to extend it through the
State generally. Among other promi
nent Wisconites are ex-Mayor John C.
Koch and Charles B. Roberts, Collect
or of the Port. The newspaper men
accompanying the party are William
Rublee. an editorial writer for the Sen
tinel; Julius Bleyer of the Evening
Wisconsin and John Hannon, Milwau
kee correspondent of the Chicago Trib
une.
Yesterday morning the entire party
paid a visit to the Palace Hotel, head
quarters of Governor Budd, but the
Executive was in Stockton, and they
were entertained by Colonel Burgin.
The Governor has announced that he
■will return the call on Monday.
SUES A MERCHANT FOR
BREACH OF PROMISE
A Salinas Woman Brings Action
Against Peter Sorg of Santa
Cruz.
SALINAS, Nov. 25.— Papers were filed
In the Superior Court this evening in ;
what promises to be one of the most '
sensational and interesting breach of |
promises cases ever heajd in this county, j
Two years ago Bertha Liebrandt ob- j
talned a divorce from David Liebrandt,
B prominent rancher, for statutory causes.
She went to Santa Cruz, where she met |
a well known merchant. Peter Sorg. j
Their acquaintance ripened into friend
ship it Is said, and an offer of marriage j
was made by Sorg. Some months ago :
Sorg's ardor cooled and he finally in- j
formed Mrs. Liebrandt that be intended '
to marry another woman. His subse- |
quent marriage angered her and she
commenced suit for $30,000. She claims !
that no cause for her desertion by Sorg'
was given. As the principals are' prom-!
Inent in both counties the outcome is
awaited w-lth interest.
SLASHES HIS OWN THROAT.
Crazy Man Attempts Suicide to Es-
cape Expected Arrest.
WOODLAND, Nov. 25.— A man named
Johnson was admitted to the County Hos
pital to-day. His throat was badly
slashed with a razor, the result of an in
effectual effort 10 commit suicide yester
day afternoon. Johnson is evidently men
tally unbalanced and labors under the
hallucination that owing to some trouble
In Sacramento the officers are on his
track and will hang him if he be appre
hended.
The attempt at suicide was made in
Capay Valley, near tne Brooks school
hou.°e. Johnson, cove-red with blood, wan
dered over to the Carey farm and pre
sented himself to Manager Robertson,
who hurriedly conveyed him to Capay
and delivered him to Constable Moore.
The latter brought the injured man to
the hospital. He probably will recover.
LONG REVIEWS
GLORIOUS WORK
OF THE NAVY
Pith)y Report on the Destructior) of
the SpaQish Fleets at Manila
ar)d Santiago.
Shafter Criticised for Refusing to Perrr)it a Naval
Representative to Be a Party to thje
Capitulation Agreement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— 1n his an
nual report to the President, Secretary
of the Navy Long gives much interest
ing Information, particularly that re
lating to the war with Spain. The re
port says:
Since my last annual report the navy
has. for the first time since its rehabili
tation, 1" en put to the supreme test of
war. Years of patient, persistent train
ing and development had brought it to
a point of high efficiency, which resulted
in the unparalleled victories at Manila
and Santiago— victories which have given
the names of our naval commanders
world-wide tame, and added an additional
page to the glorious naval history of our
country.
On January 24 the Maine was ordered
i to Havana, Cuba. This was the first visit
I of a Vessel of the United States navy to
i any port in Cuba for several years, al
though the necessity of protecting Anieri
: can interests made the presence of our
: ilag in Cuban puns desirable.
On February 15, at 9:4u p. m., this noble
! battle ship was biown up ;n E[jfLvana har
bor and -Dti lives were lost. Tne news of
this appalling catastrophe was communi
cated in the following dispatch:
HAVANA. Feb. 15, 1898.
Secretary of the Navy. Washington, L>. C:
Maine blown up In Havana harbor at 9 M t ■
night and deal ay wounded and
doubtless more kn^.i or drowned. v>
Lhers on board Sjj«inl!«h man-of-war and
Ward line Bteamer. s.-nd Ughtb
Crom Key U > .-i for crew ana thr- few pieces
nt above. No one baa clothing
than that upon him. Public opinion
. be suspended until further report. All
. to tie saved. Jenkins and
j Merritt not jret ac< unt< l tor. Many Spanish
i officers, Including representatives of General
I Blano. i;..w with me to txi!n-.-*s svnipathy.
SIGSBEE.
This judicious telegram aid much to se
in the public mind a dispassionate
view of the disaster. A board of Inquiry ■
appointed to report to the department the
• of the explosion, proceeded to Hav
ana and began its Investigation February
; 21. After an exhaustive examination of
the wreck and after taking the testimony
j of witnesses and of experts, the board re
ted on the -Ist of March that the
Maine had been destroyed by the explo
sion of a submarine mine, but that it was
unable to fix the responsibility upon any
; person or persons, it was evident that
the cause of the disaster must have been
from the outside.
The bureaus of the department had, by
wise forethought, prepared the vessels of
i the navy with every facility in the way
of nun. supplies, ammunition, information
! and drills, and as early as April lo — four
weeks before Admiral Cervera's fleet
reached Cuban waters— the navy of the
United States was ready lor the outureak
,of hostilities. The North Atlantic neet
at Key West covered Cuba; the flying
I squadron at Hampton Koads stood ready
to defend our own c»asl or to threaten
; that of Spain, and the Asiatic squadron
at Hongkong- only await.-. 1 information of
the outbreak of hostilities.
On the 19th of March the Oregon left
! San Francisco for Callao, Peru. The de
partment issued orders to the Marietta,
then at San Jose de Guatemala, to pre
fer, in order to arrange for coal and
to facilitate in every way possible the
passage of this powerful vessel to rein
the fleet in the North Atlantic.
From Callao she proceeded to Valparaiso,
to Sandy Point, Patagonia, and ar
rived at Rio Janeiro on April 30, at which
point the department advised the com
manding officer of the declaration of war
and of the sailing of the Spanish Beet
from the Cape df- Verde Islands on April
29 She arrived off Jupiter Inlet, Fla., on
the 24th of May, in good condition and
ready for service, and was ordered to
! Key West, where, after coaling, she took
her place with the blockading squadron
I and became a part of the command of
Admiral Sampson.
In order to provide for the protection
of the Atlantic coast between the capes
of the Delaware and liar Harbor. Me.,
the Northern patrol squadron was or
ganized and was placed under the com
j mand of Commodore J. A. Howeil on
i April 20. This squadron consisted of the
San Francisco (flagship). Prairie, Dixie,
I Yankee and Yosemite. At various times
| there were also attached to it the Co
lumbia, Minneapolis, Badger and South-
I cry.
On April 21 Congress declared war.
Rear Admiral Sampson, in command of
the North Atlantic fleet, which had been
engaged during the five or six preceding
! months in gunnery and tactical practice
i off Florida, w,as at once ordered to block
ade that part of the northern coast of
Cuba extending from Cardenas to Bahia
Honda. At 6:30 a. m. on April 22 the ad
; miral sailed on that errand.
On the 24th of April the following tele
gram was sent by the department to Com
modore Dewey., in command of the Asiatic
squadron: -.">.
WASHINGTON, April 24, 1898.
. Dewey, Hongkong: War has commenced be
tween the United States and Spain. Proceed
at once to the Philippine Islands. Commence
operations at once, particularly againet the
Spanish fleet. You must capture vessels or
destroy. Dm utmost endeavors. LONG.
On the 27th this squadron, composed of
the Olympia (flag), Baltimore, Raleigh,
Petrel, Concord, .Boston and McCulloch,
sailed from Mirs Bay,; China.
On the morning of May 1 it entered the
i harbor of Manila, successfully passing the
i forts and- mine defenses guarding the en
i trance to the bay, and destroyed the
j Spanish fleet under the guns of the forts
at Cavite. The Relna Christina, Castllla,
| Don Antonio de Ulloa were sunk, the
i Don Juan de Austria, Isla de Luzon, Isla
|de Cuba, General Lezo, Marques del
i Duero, El Correo, Velasco and Isla de
Mindano (transport) were burned, and the
• tugs Rapldo and Hercules and several
small launches were captured. I Admiral
■ Dewey has contracted for the raising of
i the Cuba, Luzon and Austria, and this
i work is now in progress.
The Spanish loss, as given in the re
; port of Admiral Monte jo, was, including
: those at the arsenal, 381 men killed and
wounded. Not a man was lost In our
fleet, and but nine slightly wounded. No
j damage was done our ships.
This' victory gave to our fleet the com
1 plete control of the bay of Manila. The
naval station at Cavite was taken pos
i session of and its fortifications were de-
I stroyed. The admiral reported that the
' city could be taken at any time when
' a sufficient number of troops were on
I hand to hold it.
Aside from the mere fact of having won
without the loss of a single life such a
brilliant and electrifying victory at the
very outset of the war, with all the con
fidence which it infused throughout the
j country and into the. personnel of every
: branch of the service, it removed at once,
• all apprehension for the Pacific Coast.
. The indirect pecuniary advantage to the
United States in the way of saving an
increase of insurance rates and in as
suring the country of freedom from at
tack on its coast is Incalculable.
It was at once determined to reinforce
the Asiatic squadron and to send troops
I to take and occupy the <^)ty of Manila.
Early in June the Charleston, which had
previously sailed from San Francisco, was
joined at Honolulu by the chartered
steamer City of Peking, and en the 4th
sailed with her and with the army trans
) ports Australia and v^ty oi Sydney for
: Manila, carrying the first detachment of
troop's. The Charleston proceeded to
Guam, one of the Ladrone Islands, arriv
ing there June 20. Demand was made ; for
the immediate surrender- of - 1.. • defenses
of the island of Guam and all officials and
persons in the military service of Spain.
The surrender followed and the American
flag was hoisted. With a view to further
reinforce the Asiatic squadron, the Mon
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1898.
terey sailed, with the colllrr Brutus from
San Diego on June H. and the Monaflnock,
with the collier Nero, from San Francisco
on June 25.
Admiral Dewey continued to exercise In
the Philippines 'a wise discretion, which
constantly strengthened the power of the
United States In those islands, and on
August 13, after the arrival of General
Merritt, the city of Manila, surrendered
to the army and navy.
On April 29 Admiral Cervera s fleet, com
posed of the armored cruisers Cristobal
! Colon. Vizcaya, Almirante Oquendo and
Infanta Maria Teresa, and the torpedo
I gunboats Furor, Terror and Pluton, sailed
from the Cape de Verde Islands. As its
destination was uncertain. Admiral Sanap
j son sailed east, with a portion of the Beet
j under his command for the purpose of
observation. Meantime the St. Louis,
' which had joined the squadron, was or
' dered to proceed to Santiago and Guanta
! namo for the purpose of cutting cables: to
Ponce, Porto Rico, for. the same purpose,
land thence to St. Thomas to wait orders.
i This work was bravely done under great
. xposure.
On June 1 Admiral Sampson arrived off
Santiago and found Commodore Schley's
squadron in column to the westward of
; the mouth of the harbor. Immediately
upon thi concentration of these two forces
, at Santiago a <■!■ 8£ and efficient blockade
', was established, Admiral Sampson in
I command. The harbor was closely guard
ed day and night by our ships in a semi
circle. Pow< rful search-lights were thrown
upon Its entrance during the dark. A plan
of attack, by which our vessels Were to
cl se In at once upon any of the enemy's
| coming out was provided for In standing
orders. On June 3 an attempt was made
to close the harbor by sinking across its
entrance the collier Merrimac. This at
tempt, though vi successful in its object,
was daringly executed. It is now one of
the well-known historic marvels of nuval
adventure and enterprise, In which Naval
Constructor Hobson and his men won un
dying fame.
On the morning of July 3. an interview
| having been prearranged between Gener-
I al Shafter and Admiral Sampson, the lat
ter, in the flagship New York, left the
fleet for Sibom y. When the flagship was
about four miles east of her block
ading station and abotit seven miles from
the Morro, the Spanish squadron was seen
steaming out of the harbor entrance.
This was at O::;o a. m. The vessels of the
blockading squadron were, as usual, in i
: their designated positions, making a semi
circle about the harbor entrance, counting |
from the eastward in the following or
der: Indiana. Oregon (the New York's
place being between these two) lowa, i
Texas and Brooklyn. The Massachusetts
had gone that morning to (Juantanamo
for coaL The Gloucester and Vixen lay
i to the t-astwarcLand westward of the har
bor entrance, close to the land. The tor-
I pedo boat Ericsson was in company with
the flagship.
Admiral Cervera' s squadron came out
of the harbor in the following order: In
fanta Maria Teresa. Vizcaya, Cristobal
Colon, Almirante Oquendo and the torpe- <
i do boat destroyers Pluton and Furor. The
| New York turned and steamed for the ,
(■scaping Beet, Hying the signal to close
in toward the harbor entrance and attack
j vessels, but our ships had already, in ac
| cordance with standing orders, at once 1
engaged the Spanish ships with the ut- i
| most spirit and vigor, and in the course
1 of a running fight, which continued until j
j 1:20 p. m., the latter were completely de
stroyed and sunk and the famous victory,
with its splendid credit to officers and men.
was won. The casualties on our side were
| 1 man killed and 10 wounded, most of
j them in the drum of the ear by the con
\ cussion caused by the guns. Our ships
! suffered no injury of any account. Ad
; miral Cervera, about 70 officers and 160) |
; men were made prisoners, while about ,
i ?.7<i) Spaniards were killed or drowned and '
i 10»j wounded. These estimates are prob- j
ably considerably below the actual num- >
■ bers.
On July 4, at night, the Spanish cruiser !
Keina Mercedes, which had not left San- i
tlago with Qervera'a Bquadron, whs seen \
steaming out of the harbor. She was sunk
just before reaching the narrow part of !
the entrance channel, presumably by the !
j i r • - ..f the Massachusetts and Texas. The j
object of this maneuver is still in some j
doubt, but it had the effect of further
obstructing the channel.
On July 5 the department telegraphed
to Admiral Sampson that the President
had issued the following order:
Oenera] Shatter and Admiral Sampson should
confer at once for co-operation in taking San
tiago.
General Shatter Immediately requested
Admiral Sampson to come to him for con
ference. On the next uay Admiral Samp
son, being ill, sent his chief of staff, who
j had a conference with General Shu .r,
In which it was arranged that in case the
I Spanish commander refused the ■ second
j demand for surrender a continued bom
■ bardment of Santiago snould be begun by
; the lleet 'on the 9tn: that, if this was not
! sufficient, there should be an assault on
j the Socapa battery by the marines and
Cuban forces, and an effort mad' by
i some of the smaller ships of the p^uadron
to enter the harbor.
Secretary Long then details the cir
! cumstances of the bombardment and
j surrender of Santiago. The report has
this to say of General Shafter:
Admiral Sampson's chief of staff went
to the front, but General Shafter declined
to permit a representative of the. navy,
I whose joint operations with the army had
! compelled the surrender, to be a party to
the agreement of capitulation.
The report says that the expenditures
of the. bureau of yards and docks at
the navy-yards and stations during the
fiscal year 1898 amounted to $1,772,155 10.
At Mare Island, the principal navy
; yard on the Pacific Coast, extensive im
j provements have been made, compris
! ing the dredging of a channel of ample
i depth in front of the yard, and thence
I through Mare Island Strait to the bay.
| Many improvements of miscellaneous
| character, enhancing the value of the
I station, were carried on during the
i year.
The casualties in the navy during
the war show that seventeen men were
killed and sixty-seven wounded.
On the subject of the naval reserve
the Secretary says:
The experience of the war has demon
; ptrated the necessity of establishing a
I national naval reserve! to be recruited
i from those who Berved in the navy during
th>- recent war and from the various sea
i faring classes, to be maintained by Fed
; eral appropriations, and to be subject to
! the call of the National Government in
time of war. The department has drawn
I h hill which provides for the organiza
! tion of such a reserve and will submit it
J to Congn ss.
The navy should be increased; the de
i velopment of its various branches snould
' be homogeneous, and the increase in ships
! should be accompanied by a gradual mi
i crease in officers and men, and in naval
j stations, coaling stations, repair plants,
etc.
Due credit is given the Naval War
Board for its excellent work.
Naval appropriations for 1899 are es
timated at $113,529,506 95, and for 1900
at $47,093,251 08.
Arms for Carlists Seized.
MADRID. Nov. 25.— A quantity of arms
j destined for tho Carlists has been seized
■ In a house in Bilboa.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If it falls to cure.
25c. Tb« cenuine has L. D. Q. on each tablet.
JOHN D. LONG, SECRETARY OF THE NAVY.
AMERICA SHOULD
SEND A WARSHIP
Man-of-War Needed at
Samoa.
GERMANY'S SUBTLE SCHEMING
WOULD OBTAIN POSSESSION OF
THE ISLANDS.
Anxious to Have the United States
Lose Its Valuable Coaling
Station at Pago-
Pago.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— A private let
ter just received in this city from a
resident of Apia, Samoa, written on
November 2, states that Americans liv
ing in the Samoan capital are eagerly
looking: forward to the arrival of an
American warship at that port. No
man-of-war Hying the United States
Hag has been in Samoan waters for
several years. In view of the new
polio*' of expansion which the Govern
ment of America has adopted Ameri
cans living in Bamoa, says the writer,
believe that the interests of their coun
try demand that an American warship
be more frequently seen in that part
of the world, especially in view of the
forthcoming; acquisition of the Philip
pines and the German opposition to ac
quisition of territory in the Far East
by the United States. There were two
British and two German war vessels in
port when the letter was written.
Germany, according to the writer of
the letter, is conniving and scheming
in devious, subtle and quiet ways to
gain sole possession of Samoa, thus
driving out American and English
trade competition and becoming abso
lute owner of the islands, which would
eventually be of great importance to
the United States, particularly on the
completion of the Nicaragua canal.
Germany, the writer adds, is anxious
to bring matters about in such man
ner that eventually the United States
may in one way or another lose pos
session of the coaling station at Pago-
Pago, which it now possesses.
COMBINED DEMONSTRATION.
German and BritisL Warships
Threaten Mulinuu.
SYDNEY, X. P. W., Nov. 25.— The
German and British warships have
made a combined demonstration
against Mulinuu in Samoa.
SECOND VOLUNTEER
ENGINEERS REACH HAVANA
The Transport Florida Arrives With
Troops for Duty in Cuba Under
General Green.
HAVANA, Nov. 25.— The United State?
transport Florida arrived in front of
Morro Castle to-day, took a pilot on board
and proceeded to Marianao Beach. General
Green and his .staff went to Marianao early
in order to superintend the landing of the
American troops there.
Marshal Blanco, whose resignation as
Captain General of Cuba has just been ac
cepted, sails for Spain on Sunday next. He
will be succeeded by General Jiminez
tellanos, a division commander.
The transport Florida has on board four
companies of the Second Volunteer Engi
neers, which recently left Tampa for
Havana.
All four companies of the Second Regi
ment Volunteer Engineers, which arrived
off Marianao Beach this morning on board
the Florida, landed by 9:80 o'clock at th.j
Marianao wharf, with colors flying. They
formed at the landing place and marched
to their camp, two miles away, filing past
General Green and his staff, who, on
horseback, reviewed the men. All the
men, with the exception of five who are
still suffering from seasickness and wero
taken to the camp by train, were in line
and all are in good "spirits and fit for
duty.
One hundred and fifty Cubans from Gen
eral Monocal's division, were employed
in clearing the camp site, and by 11
o'clock the tents were being pitched for
the first American camp at Havana.
CABLE TO BE BUILT
SOON TO HONOLULU
Such, a Measure Will Be Recommend
ed in the Message of the
President.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— A special dis
patch to the World from Washington
says: A cable between the United States
and the Hawaiian Islands will undouut
edly be provided for at the forthcoming
session of Congress. The World corre
spondent is informed to-night by an of
ficial close to the President that in lal
annual message the President will sug
gest the advisability of cable connection
between San Francisco and Honolulu.
GRANTED PERMIT
TO OPEN COFFIN
Mrs. Druce's Weird Story
to Be Tested.
FINAL APPEAL IS ALLOWED
ALLEGED DECEPTION IN BURIAL
OF THE DUKE OF PORTLAND.
His Daughter-in-Law Will Have an
Opportunity to Establish the
Claims of Her Son to the
Title and Estate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Nov. 25.— The faculty of
the diocese of London has granted
Mrs. Anna Maria Druce, a daughter
in-law Of the late Thomas C. Druce,
who, she asserts, was the fifth Duke
of Portland, a permit to open and in
spect the coffin alleged to contain the
remains of her father-in-law, a man
said to have been buried as Thomas C.
Druce.
Chancellor Tristam, in rendering the
decision at the Consistory of the Court
of St. Paul's, granted fifteen days for
an appeal. Notification of an appeal
was immediately filed.
A final order was obtained by Mrs.
Druce in the High Court of Appeals on
November 2, directing the faculty
and the Chancellor of the diocese of
London to issue a permit to allow her
to open the coffin.
Mrs. Druce claims that the alleged
deatli and burial of her father-in-law
were deceptions and that he lived and
finally died in a lunatic asylum as Mr.
Harmer. Her son, whom she asserts
is the rightful Duke of Portland, is
said to be a domestic servant and was
la-st heard of in Australia.
Mrs. Druce says her father-in-law, as ;
the fifth Duke of Portland, having suf
fered keen remorse and abject fear as
the result of the tragic death of his
brother, Lord George Bentinck — the
two having been in love with the same
woman — adopted the name of Thomas
Charles Druce, transferring to himself
as Druce an immense property. After
ward, having realized the risk of ex
posure from his double existence, he
caused a coffin to bo buried, containing
his supposed remains.
If Mrs. Druce can establish her Con
tention that her father-in-law did not
die in 1864, as supposed, the will can be
invalidated and her son will become
entitled to the <-?;tate and title now
held by William, Duke of Portland.
A recently published estimate of the
Duke's rent rolls places the amount at
nearly £400,000 yearly.
GENERAL McREYNOLDS DEAD.
First Man Commissioned to Raise a
Regiment for the Civil War.
MUSKEGON. Mich., Nov. 25.— General
Andrew T. Meßeynolds, who was the
first and only person commissioned by
President Lincoln direct to raise a regi
ment during the Rebellion, died to-day,
aged 91. The deceased served in the Mex
ican AVar and was promoted to he major
for gallantry. He served as United States
District Attorney and rendered distin
guished serveice in the Civil War. General
Meßeynolds claimed to be the oldest
Knight Templar in the United States. He
was always a Democrat.
Care Necessary in Making Cham
pagne.
Grapes to be used in making cham
pagne are gathered with the utmost
care, all imperfect berries being re
moved, for it is the treatment of grapes
at the picking that fosters the quality
of the wine.
The first pressure given is very slight,
in order not to squeeze out the coloring
matter under the outer skin. This first
delicately flavored and clear juice is
used in making Pommery. The grapes
are afterward subjected to three dis
tinct pressing's, and this juice, which is
coarser and darker is sold to other
concerns to be used in making cheaper
grades of champagne. With a knowl
edge of facts like these it is easy to
understand why connoisseurs and those
whose taste is such as to enable them
to discriminate between fine .and in
ferior champagne always prefer Pom
mery.
Woodsman's Awful Death.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 25.— Carabini Caro, a
woodchopper, living in the hills back of
Congress Springs met a shocking death
on Wednesday afternoon. He and another
Italian were engaged in chopping down a
large tree. The trunk had been cut about
half through when it split and fell with
a crash in the direction of Caro. He ran
to get out of the way, but was struck on
the back and literally cut In two.
TO LOBBY AGAINST
NICARAGUAN CANAL
Powerful Influences Will Be Used
to Prevent Favorable Action
by Congress.
(Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: Powerful lobbies will be in Washington to oppose the
passage of the Nicaragruan canal bill during the coming session <-f
Congress. Information has been received by the administration that
several directors of the Panama canal will be here next week to dis
cuss the question with the President and Secretary Hay and with
members of Congress, and as the construction of the Nicaragunn
waterway means the death of the Panama project it is expected
they will make a hitter effort to prevent action.
William R. Grace, who is interested in the Kyre-Cragin concession,
was in Washington snmo days ago and talked over the situation with
the President and Secretary Hay. Mr. Grace was careful to point out
that the concession granted to Messrs. Eyre and Craffin will not take
effect uptil after the expiration of the Maritime Canal Company's
concession. Mr. Grace, so far as I have been able to learn, failed to
get very much satisfaction from the officials. The President does not
want the canal question complicated by any other concession. He pro
poses to strongly recommend Government aid in connection with the
Maritime Canal Company's project, and he fears that the opponents of
such legislation will take advantage of the Eyre-Cragin concession to
tangle up members of CongTess and prevent the speedy action which
he deems so necessary. Despite the lobbies I understand the Presi
dent has 'a high hope that the canal bill will be passed by both
houses before March 4, and that work will be authorized to comr
mf-nce immediately, in order that the terms of the concession of the
Maritime Canal Company may be complied with and an extension ob
tained from the Nicaraguan and Costa Rican governments next Octo
ber.
SPAIN WILL
EXHAUST THE
TIME LIMIT
Postpones Reply Un
til Last Moment.
SEEKING A BETTER BARGAIN
WANTS A HUNDRED MILLIONS
FOR THE PHILIPPINES.
Willing to Cede Certain Territory in
the Carolines and Canaries to
Retain Nominal Sover
eignty in the Far East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 23.— 1t is now known
that Spain will exhaust her time limit,
which expires Monday, before replying
to the American offer regarding the
Philippine Island?. In the meantime
the Spaniards are canvassing the entire
field and exhausting every resource to
postpone the inevitable.
As cabled to the Associated Press
Wednesday, they could not accept the
i American ulth.iatum as final without j
asking if it were really so. That ap
piied to the time limit. Now the Span
i iards apparently doubt the fixedness of j
I the amount the Americans offered for
! the Philippines, and to-day they sent a
i communication to the American Com
! missioners, asking if the latter would ;
' accept a counter proposition by Spain !
I to cede the Philippines for $100,000,000. :
; Spain imagines the Americans might be j
I willing to lop off the great island of j
Mindanao from the Philippines and pay
i Spain 150,000,000 Jfor what would re
main, instead of $20,000,000 now offered
for the entire archipelago.
Spain, before giving up or turning
: away, will also propose some alterna
| tive bargain of the Carolines or the Ca
! nary Island^ to be held In the posses
' sion of the United States in addition to
i the Philippine Islands, on condition
'■■ that Spain be permitted to retain her
sovereignty in the Philippines. In other
words. Spain would cede certain terri
tory in the Carolines and Canaries and
the control of the Philippines by the
United States with a nominal Spanish
sovereignty, and, as a further induce
ment, proposes that the United States j
shall pay Spain no money on account
of the Philippine Islands.
Senor Montero Rios told the corre
spondent of the Associated Press this
evening that the Spanish Peace Com- |
mission had not yet decided upon the
answer to be given to the last Ameri
can memorandum.
"We are considering: the matter." he
i said, "in a conciliatory spirit and are
I anxious to re-establish friendly rela
i tions between the two countries. At
! the same time we are here to defend
j the interests and honor of Spain."
In reply to an inquiry as to whether
| there was any truth in the report that
the Spanish Commissioners had de
cided to accept the American offer of
$26,000,000 .for the Philippines, Senor
Rios, shaking his head, said:
"No, no; the commission has not yet
decided on its answer. What our re
ply will be can only be determined at
the conference on Monday, when we
will discuss the matter with the Ameri
cans. At the same time," he added in a
still lower voice, "we will follow the
instructions that may be received from
Madrid."
"Then the final instructions have not
yet come from Madrid?" asked the cor
respondent.
"Ah, but we are approaching a con
fidential matter," said Senor Rlos. In
nocently. "Everything connected with
both commissions is a secret."
DINGLEY EXPLAINS THE
"OPEN DOOR" POLICY
Talks of Future Commerce of the
Philippines in Case Uncle Sam
Acquires Them.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— Chairman
Dingley of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, in an interview to-day, ex
plained the "open door" policy as ap
plied to the future commerce of the
Philippines In case they should be ac
quired by the United States:
"The phrase 'open door policy,' which
Is now being talked about so much in
the newspapers," said Mr. Dingley,
"means simply equality of treatment
and not free trade. As applied to the
dependency of a country, it simply
means that Imports from all countries
are to be admitted on the same terms
as imports from the mother country.
As applied to the Philippines, it would
mean that imports from Great Britain
and all other foreign countries are to
be admitted at the same rate of duty
as imports from the United States.
"Of course, this policy could not be
applied to the Philippines if they
should be admitted into the Union with
a territorial form of government, be
cause the constitution provides that
duties shall be uniform within th-i
United States, unless there should be
an amendment to the constitution per
mitting this. Whether it would be pos
sible to apply this policy to the Philip
pines after they should become a part
of the territory of the United States
under that provision of the constitu
tion which authorizes Congress to make
needful rules and regulations respect
ing the territory or other property of
the United States, I am not prepared
to say. It is noticeable, however, that
in the resolution providing for the an
nexation of Hawaii, passed at the last
session of Congress, it was provided
that the Hawaiian Islands tariff should
continue in force until Congress should
otherwise determine.
"It is to be borne In mind, however,
that the present talk about an 'open
door' policy for the Philippines is in
tended to apply entirely to those isl
ands while under a military adminis-
I tration, which would be permissible,
I and not to apply to those islands after
, they shall have been formally recog
nized as a part of the United States.
"In the discussion of the 'open-door
policy.' I notice that many papers .as
sume that it is the uniform policy of
Great Britain in her. colonies. It should
be borne ii» mind, however, that there
is a conspicuous exception to the case
i of Canada, her most important colony,
which admits imports from Great .Brit
ain at 25 per cent less duty than ' is
charged to us and other countries. '.^ lt
iis understood that this policy... was
i adopted by Canada on the suggestion,
lat least with the approval of, Mr.
j Chamberlain, British Secretary for the
Colonies, and that he Is urging other
I colonies of Great Britain to give a sim
( ilar preference to that country." * j :
«.
SATISFACTORY TERMS
WILL BE SECURED
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Presi
dent McKinley called a special meeting
of the Cabinet to-night to consider a
500-word cablegram from the Peace
Commission, which was received by-
Secretary Hay late this afternoon; The
Cahinet was in session from 9:30 o'clock
until 11, and after the meeting members
were reticent as to what had trans
pired. They would only say that the
tone of the cablegram was very satis
factory and gratifying, as it indicated
that negotiations at Paris were nearing
an end, and that the end would be en
tirely satisfactory to this Government.
I was told the dispatch related to a
proposition that had been made by the
Spanish Commissioners, but that it did
not relate to the amount of money to
be paid for the Philippines. It Is sug
gested that it probably related to a
proposition that Spain is said to have
made that she be allowed to retain the
Island of Mandano.
ADVEBTISEMUNTS. '."'I.
BLANKET!!
FREIGHT PAID.
i Finest and cheapest stock of blankets
ever offered on the coast, contracted
for in advance of rise in material, sold
below present mill prices. Many of
them extra heavy and large for the
north trade. On all purchases above
$10, whether one pair or more, we pay
freight to any railroad station in Cali-
fornia. This offer on blankets- only.
y/Vtil • "cut .
Color. ■ Weight. Size. Price.
Scarlet 954 lbs ' 70xS! • -*9 00
Scarlet... 11 Tbs , 72x90 11 00
Scarlet 14 lbs 72x56 . .. 14 00
Navy....... ..9 IDs 72x90 '9 00
Mottled 9 lbs -s. 62XS0 ' 900
Vicuna 12 Iba 72x90 ;. : \ 12 00
Vacuna......... 8 lbs Large ,-.- 700
Mixed W\i lbs' ' -66xS? ,'9 00
Mixed 1014 lbs ' 62x52 • -7 50
White 5 -lbs ; 60x76 '800
White 8 lbs 66x80 -.-600
White 8 lbs 72x54 •. • ■'■* 800
White Crib Reg. size. 225
COTTON BLANKETS;
Color. Weight. • Size. ■*■%&
Gray 3Vi lbs 52xS0 I *fl
Gray......... 4 lbs , 66xS0 75
Gray 4^ lbs 62x77 1 CO
Gray 6 lbs 66x78 150
Prices are always by the pair. Call
and see 1000 blankets, all sizes, prices,
kinds. ' See the windows to-day. Store
open until 8 p. m. Saturday. " Money
saved on every purchase. * /
CASH . STORE
25-2T Market St., S.F.WILL OF THE LATE
JAMES T. MURPHY
TO BE ATTACKED
Only Daughter of the San Jose Capitalist
Will Institute a Suit to Break the \
Last Testament.
Declare* His Nephews and Nieces Inflisenced Him While He
Was Weak From Drink — Great Legal Battle
Will Result.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 25.— There promises ,
to be a lively contest* over the $250,000
estate of the late Jatmes T. Murphy,
who died in this city several weeks ago.
Nearly a score of heirs »ill be involved.
This legal battle will bte instituted by
Mrs. WlUielmina Chapman, the only
daughter of the deceased. Back of her
Is her mother. Mrs. Wilhelmina
Murphy, who ma divorced some years
ago. and who smiles approvingly upon
her daughter's determination. Other
parties interested are sixteen cousins,
among whom will be divided one-half
of the estate. Miss Bertha Smalley, a
pretty young woman of 30, who lived
with Murphy for the past few years.
Rlso threatens to contest the will.
Murphy's death had barely been an
nounced when trouble commenced. He
mad? his home at the Lajnolle House.
He had been drinking heavily for sev
eral duvs and this and heart disease
were tho cause of his sudden death.
With him through, his sickness was
Bertha Smalley. !
When the -id came Mrs. Wilhelmina j
Murphy went to his rooms to see what
funeral arrangements had been made.
She asked about his effects, particular
ly his gold watcb rjid chain. Miss j
Smalley had these and at first refused
to give them up. She finally gave them
to a servant to give to Mrs. Murphy.
At this juncture Mrs. M. A. Carroll, j
Murphy's sister, appeajed and objected
to the former Mrs. Murphy* beta* pres
ent as the chief mourner. Mrs. Wilhel
mina Murphy and her daughter assert
that Mrs. Carroll assumed a. dictator
ship and even objected to them attend
ing the funeral, and instead of being
among the immediate mourners they i
were only allowed to occupy th ■ twen
ty-second carriage in the cortege-, ana
this through strategy. At the church
they were kept in the background, and
the daughter was not even permitted
to gaze on her dead father's face.
It was rumored around that the will
of the deceased gave half of the prop
erty to the nieces and nephews. A lew
days ago Mrs. Wilhelmina Chapman
went to W. Gill, who was the attorney
for her father, and asked to see the
will The lawyer first denied having it.
but finally showed it to her. By it Mrs.
Chapman is given one-half of the prop
erty and the other half is divided be
tween the following nieces and neph
• ws - Mrs. Ward Wright. Misses Eliza
beth Evaline, Daisy and Elena, and
Martin and Patrick Murphy, children of
m Murphy; Mollie. Mattie, Martin
fnd W miani Taaffe: Mrs. W. R Whit
tier Gertrude and -Jack" Carroll; Mrs. ;
j>- >ra-"^ and dementi Argues.
This aroused the daughter and she
then and there told Attorney Gill these
cousin* would get none of her father s
"Sirs." Wilhelmina Murphy and her
daughter and son-in-law, D. J. Chap
man -re seen in their pretty home at
130 North Fifth street this evening.
They talked readily of the case and
E h owed there would be a battle royal
i: ■Yes, I will contest my father's will,"
Yea I will contest my father s will,
Bald Mrs. Chapman, and then her
mother cautioned her about talking too
freely. propose to let those people
"I "don't propose to let those people
enjoy what rightfully belongs to me if
there is any way of getting it in law.
They influenced my father when he
was weak from drink, and that is how
he came to make such a will. If he had
left it to charities I would not have
objected."
. Mrs. .Chapman said that although her
marriage had been somewhat in the
.nature of elopement her father thought
a great deal of her. Only a few days
before his death he had told her he in
tended to go into the real estate and
insurance business and proposed tak
ing D. J. Chapman, her husband, in
■ partnership with him. \,
Mrs. Murphy interrupted her daugh
ter frequently. She said her relations
•with Murphy since their separation had
been amiable, and Murphy frequently
called at the house. She is very bitter
against Mrs. Carroll and the brothers
and sisters of her former husband. She
eaid they were arrayed against her and
had Influenced Murphy. She denied she
was interested in the contest. Mrs.
Murphy had expected nothing under
the will as she was amply provided for.
She said a diamond stud and other jew
elry belonging to Murphy were missing.
Miss Smalley went to San Francisco
just after his death, and. it is said, she
could probably throw some light on
the whereabouts' of these things and
other personal effects of the decedent.
Mrs Murphy knew nothing about any
deed's to property having been given to
the Smalley woman.
"Jimmie" Murphy was the youngest
son of the late Martin Murphy, a
•wealthy old pioneer, and at his father's
death inherited one-sixth of the vast
Murphy estate. At this time his share
•was worth about $1,000,000. He was
rather sporty and drank heavily. His
father left a large share of the wealth
in trust for him until he became 45
years of age. A year ago he came into
possession of this. The deceased was
■ married to Mrs. Wilhelmina Murphy
twenty-five years ago. Drunkenness
and neglect caused her to seek a di
vorce, and in August. 1886. she obtained
a separation. Mrs. Murphy got a por
tion of the property and was well pro
vided for. besides bein<" given $200 per
month alimon- during her life. Eleven
hundred acres of the Mllpitas ranch,
Talued at about $110,000, has been levied
upon to secure this sum. His estate
now is estimated to be worth $250,000
and is in good shape.
Murphy was born in this county for
ty-six years ago. He was a member of
the first Board of Bank Commissioners
and also held responsible positions, in
the banks here.
SUES FOR A SHARE
OF THE VOSS ESTATE
Putative Daughter of the Late Los
Angeles Capitalist Appears
in Court.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 25. — The ances
try of Mrs. Lizzie Lauterbeek is the
theme of an interesting lawsuit in
Judge Shaw's court. It is a strange
Ptory, and before it is fully unravel. -d
Jt may be stranger still.
Mrs Lauterbeek is trying a> estab
lish her claim to the estate of Frederick
Voss who died last February, and has
Bued'Rosa Vos?. the widow of the de
ceased, and exeevtrix of the ■rffl, and.
as co-defendant, has joined the latter a
daughter, Pearl Voss. Mrs. Lauterbeek
■ claims to be the child of a former mar-
I riage of Mr. Voss. and avers that her
came was omitted from the will by an
oversight.
The pre sent Mrs. Voss, In answer to
I the suit, makes the counter claim that
the plaintiffs allegations are untrue;
tnat she is not the daughter of Voss,
and that her true name is Shoeman.
Mrs. Lauterbeck alleges that Mrs.
Voss made a false inventory, omitting
from the list of property of deceased
property valued at $5000. Mrs. Vcss
claims this as her separate uroperty,
which sht acquired with mon^y earned
while working as a servant-girl.
The plaintiff has a romantic story.
While a very young girl she had a
RUito.r named Clancy. Mr. Voss op
posed Clancy's suit, principally, on ac
count of his mother, who, he believed,
i was conspiring to get hold of the
■ property that would revert to Lizzie as
I the only child. Clancy and Lizzie ran
away, and under an assumed name
they were married. From Clancy the
girl was soon divorced, and she has
since married twice.
Mrs. Weiss, who has known the Voss
1 family since childhood, was on the
j witness-stand to-day on behalf of the
■ : plaintiff. She said that the first time
j she ever saw the plaintiff the then Mrs. \
! Voss introduced the girl as "My
(■daughter Lizzie." She was certain that
i Lizzie was her natural daughter, for J
she had often heard the first Mrs. Voss
tell of her birth. The fact that Lizzie
■was the legitimate child of Voss was
! apparently clearly established by this
witness.
About $20,000 'worth of property is
: involved in the suit, which is being
| tried in the Superior Court.
MARY FIELD HONORED.
Elected as the Daughter of the Phi
Delta Theta Fraternity.
COLUMBUS. Nov. 25.— At to-day's ses
sion of the Phi Delta Theta convention
Dr. J. Edward Brown of Columbus was ■
unanimously elected president, but de- !
clined and nominated J. Clark Moore of i
Philadelphia, who was chosen. The other |
officers were selected as follows: Secre
tary, Frank D. Swope. Louisville. Ky.; ;
treasurer. H. H. Ward, Cleveland; re- ;
porter, Hugh Mille, Indianapolis; histo- ■
rian. Dr. McClung Radcliffe. Philadel
phia: trustees, R. 11. Switzler. Kansas 1
City; Emmett Tompklns and Dr. J. A. ■
Brown, Columbus; M. A. Steams, Cleve- !
land.
Mips Mary French Field, daughter of
the late Eugene Field, appeared before
the convention by invitation and read
from her father's works. Mr. Field was
a member of the fraternity. At the con
clusion of the reading Miss Field was
elected .ate the dnusMer ■' the organiza- !
tion, wlich honor she acepted In these!
■words:
•'I hope to be a good daughter to the j
fraternity an<l a good sister to you all." j
NEVADA'S VOTE COMPLETE.
Ballots Cas 1 Soldiers May Elect
Repu .: ii Governor.
CARSON CITY, Nov. 25.— AH the State !
returns are in. Every candidate on the
Silver ticket wa.- elected except Cutting
for Superintended of Public Instruction. •
and, possibly, Sad er for Governor. The j
majorities or plural ties follow Newlands, ;
Congress, 2GSS; Sadler, Governor, 24; Judge, i
Lieutenant Governo;. 465; Howell, Secre- j
tary of State, llftO; 1 avis. Controller. 429; \
Ryan, Treasurer, 131 ; Kelly, Surveyor!
General. 1076; Jones, Attorney General,
C 62; Maute, State Printer, 491; Ring, Super- !
intendent of Public Inst-uction, 119S; Deal, I
Regent, 895; Sterrett, Recent (short term.), !
1029.
The vote -of the First Nevada Cavalry
arrived to-day from Honolin-i and was de- f
!>osited under seal in the Ktate Capitol
building. It will be turned n-er to the
Board of Canvassers. The »roop con- i
i tamed Sii members and the vote ah.« taken '
at sea, as the ship palled from S;in Fran- j
clsco on the Saturday prior to the election.
I It is a matter of dispute among lawyers as
to whether the vote should be can\issed.
It can only affect the vote on th? <.)vcr- '
norship, Sadler (Silver) having bu 24
! votes over McMillan (Republican).
CRASHES UPON THE ROCKS.
Schooner Santa Barbara Wrecked oi
Geronimo Island.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. &— News was re- 1
; ceived here this morning that the schoon- !
I cr Santa Barbara was wrecked on Tues
• day last on Geronimo Island, thirty-five
miles south of San Quentin. The schooner ;
I was caught in a severe gale and carried
lon the rocks, and. while all on board j
■ were saved, it Is understood that all the >
i provisions were damaged by the salt ;
' water. When the storm abated the hole !
! stove in the vessel's side was patched up j
; and the schooner returned to San Quen- '
tin. From there the party Is returning
> overland to Ensenada and will arrive here '
I on the next trip of the St. Denis.
The Santa Barbara left San Pedro on
November 17 for Seammon's Lagoon and '
Magtfalena Bay, stopping at this port on I
the way south, with C. Nagel and party,
who was to examine the orchard and \
: mineral lands lately purchased by an j
i English syndicate from the Hale estate j
! in San Francisco.
DAWSONITES^DEFRAUDED.
- — ;
' Serious Charge Against the Mining :
City's Postmaster.
VANCOUVER, Nov. 25.— According to
; advices received from the north to-day, ;
j the high-handed methods of the Post- j
\ master at Dawson City have brought him j
; into trouble. He is accused of having o.n\- i
: lected 25 cents each on 14,ix>0 letters, cred
(ting the Government wltn only 3 cents on |
j each missive. Residents of Dawson have !
i long complained that they have been j
'■ forced to "grease the palms" of the post-
I office employes before they could even get
' a distribution of their mail, and the man
■ agement of the office has been reprehen- '
i sible from the start.
AGED WOMAN'S AWFUL FATE.
■ Nonagenarian Falls Into c. Fireplace
and is Incinerated.
WALNUT CREEK, Nov. 25.— At Lafay
ette this morning Louise Hastings, a
' widow aged 00 years, fell. into a fireplace
at the residence of her daughter, Mrs.
Warren Brown, and was burned to death ;
— ♦ ■
Sale of Prescott Bonds.
) PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Nov. Word was!,
; received In this city to-night thai the sale j
: of $15,680 of city bonds had been cotisum- '
mated in New York. Some months ago
| at a special election the issuance of this
amount was authorized in view of the In- ■
' adequate supply of water for fire and i '■
' sewerage purposes. j
Dined With the Qusen.
LONDON. Nov. 25.— Th^ United States (
1 Charge d'Affaires. Henry White, and M rs i
White dined at Windsor Castle with the
Queen this evening and will pass the
nUrht at the Castle. Ie J ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1898.
JAMES T. MURPHY.
ASKS FOR SWIFT
MAIL STEAMERS
Postmaster General's
Recommendations.
DEVELOPMENT OF COR'.F^RCE
AND THE NAVY WOULD BE
AIDED BY FAST VESSELS.
Better Postal Facilities Are Required,
Particularly on the Pacific, Ow
ing to Uncle Sam's New-
Possessions.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25. — Post
master General Smith in his report
of the operations of his department
during the Jast year says:
> Our recent experience has illustrated
and emphasized the importance of the
possession of swift mail steamers capable
of Immediate conversion into armed
cruisers. In the further development of
our naval force this factor cannot fail to
: receive consideration. The advancement
of our commerce requires that we shall
have carrying facilities. A ■■ commercial
marine Is not only vital to commercial ex
pansion.but it provides the best source for
the expansion of the naval force which
becomes necessary in time of war. Fro%n
every point of view it is thus a legitimate
I object of governmental concern, and the
I adoption of practical and reasonable
measures within our power for the pro
motion of this object seems to be dicta
ted by every consideration of public in
1 terest. The act of 1891 invested the Post
master General with authority to enter
i into such contracts for the carrying of
1 mails on American steamships as in his
Judgment will best subserve and promote
the postal and commercial interests of the
' United States. The first fruits of this act
•were the powerful steamers which, con
verted Into armed cruisers, rendered such
i useful service in the war with Spain. ; -
They were . employed in carrying the
■ mails across the Atlantic and compare fa
! vorabiy with the Atlantic steamers un
1 der any flag. But the act further pro
1 vided that the mail service in lines thus
I created should be equitably distributed
I between the Atlantic, Mexican Gulf and
' Pacific ports. In accordance with this
1 provision lines have been established to
j ports in the Gulf of Mexico and steamers
' recently launched for this service, and
' just now undergoing inspection by a naval
I officer will be available as cruisers should
they be needed in a future emergency.
But no lines have thus far been estab
lished under this act on the Pacific and
' he requirement of an equitable distribu
ton which enjoys attention in that direc
tion, is forced and accentuated by the re
ce.it expansion of American Interests on
thtt ocean. Should steps be taken to ex
, tenJ our flag over steamships on the Pa
! cific- as it has been moderately extended
on Ue Atlantic, such action will not only
compy with the spirit and purpose of the
' existhg law, but it will naturally follow
i and trilize the opening of American op
portunty in that quarter.
Posttiaster General Smith calls at
tention to the rapid and amazing
;;r..uth .£ the postal business in nil its
! branches In the last fiscal year the
i gross re/enue was $39,012,618, against
I $33,315,47!) in 1880, and the gross expen
! diture $91,033,323, against $36,542,804;
i the numbe- of postofflces 73,000, against
43,000. V'
Within this period the population has
increased anout 50 per cent, while the
postal business has multiplied nearly
1 threefold. 1 The estimate of revenues
and expenditures for the fiscal year
ending June 3"), 1900, follows: Total es
timated revenie, $100,958,112; estimated
! expenditures, \- $105,24,000; deficiency
! for 1900 estimated $4,265,858. But for the
i gross abuse of second class matter
privileges the deficit would have disap
peared long ago, and its present and
promised decrease is in the face of
\ this abuse \
The most marked advance In volume
; of money order business in the history
of the system was this past year, the
increase being. 17,000,000 in ! number and
$16,000,000 in money carried. There were
| 28,753,412 money orders issued; face
• value $204,593,891. •
Legislation is asked for at the next
session of Congress to correct the evils
growing out of the practice of bidding
I for star route service. '
Among recommendations for legisla
! tion are those to make depredations of
railway postal clerks : a 'continuous of
fei-f.e: to provide a severe penalty for
employes embezzling: or destroying
newspaper mail: severer. statutes: coy
' ering green goods and obscene t matter;
I the Issue of a' special stamped envelope
! of superior paper quality for, 10 cents
i for greater secuiSty ar.d safety; for at
! least curtailing the use .■ of postage
I r.tamps as -a medium of exchange and
, foi allowing postmasters of the. first
and second classes to pay for ( the spec
1 ial delivery of letters by salaried postal
officials and Ito allow carfare to special
delivery messengers; In the great cities*.
A He often cripples where a cannon
would be ineffective.
PLACED UNDER
CUBAN CONTROL
Santiago Now Has a
New Mayor.
MAJOR M'LEARY RETIRES
SENOR BECARDI MADE HEAD OF
THE CITY GOVERNMENT.
General Wood Tries an Experiment
for the Success of Which He
Has a High
Hope.
Special Dispatch to The Chll.
PANTIAGO T>K CUBA. Nov. 25. — I
Some time ago Major McLeary, whom !
General Leonard Wood had appointed j
Mayor of Santiago, requested to be re
lieved of his Mayoralty duties and to |
return to his military post. This re
quest was granted to-day.
In the opinion of General Wood, it is
preferable to appoint to the Mayoralty
a civilian acceptable to the Cubans,
and he has appointed as Major Mc-
Leary's successor Senor Recardi, an old
resident. ' He is anxious to give the
Mayor as much authority as is com
patible with military Jurisdiction. The
new Mayor will conform to General j
Wood's ideas, which are to give the i
Cubans every opportunity to show
themselves capable of self-government.
The first official act of the Mayor was j
to discharge the entire clerical force in ;
the Mayor's office and to employ 'Cv- J
bans who had served in the war. He j
will shortly issue a manifesto to the ef- |
feet that he intends encouraging the |
city's development and giving employ
ment as far as conditions will permit to
worthy persons. He will promise to
look closely to the general interests of ,
the community and will call upon all j
Cubans to obey the law, and thus to i
promote the prosperity of the country j
and to Insure the happiness of its j
people.
General Wood has high hopes of this j
first attempt at civil government under \
Cuban control.
General Wood to-day issued a notice
imposing a line of $1000 upon any per
son promoting a bull fight and a fine of j
$50 upon any promoter of a cock fight.
In the case of a cock fi«rht the fine will j
fall upon witnesses as well as pro
moters.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Volunteers Who Will Be Discharged
From Service.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— 8y direction
of the Assistant Secretary of War the fol
lowing enlisted men, now supposed to be
at stations designated after their respec
tive names, will be discharged the service
of the United States by their respective
commanding officers: Private b lorent
Hoffer, Troop B, Fourth United States
Cavalry, Presidio, San Francisco; Sergeant
Daniel P. Wells. Battery a, Utah Volun
teer Artillery, now at Manila; Private W.
J. Hanah, Company L, First Montana
Volunteer Infantry, now at Manila; Pri
vate R. M. White, Company A, Twelfth
Minnesota Volunteer Infantry, now at
Manila. Private James M. Wood, Astor
Battery, United States army, now at the
Presidio of San Francisco, will be dis
charged the service of me Un.ted States
by the commanding officer of his station.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Jerome Seeley,
Farmersville, $6. Additional— Frederick
A Griffith, Santa Rosa. $4 to $8. Increase.
—William W. Campbell, Riverside, $8 to
$17. Original Widows, etc.— Margaret
Webb. San Simeon, $R.
Oregon: Original— Warren B. Lamb,
Wilbur, $6; Jephtha Finney, Fulton, $8.
EARTHQUAKE IN THE SOUTH.
The Shock Felt in Virginia and North
Carolina.
RICHMOND, v a., Nov. 25.— Many points
in South and Southwest Virginia reported
having experienced an earthquake shock
about 3:20 o'clock this afternoon.; The
disturbance was felt v from Nottoway
County to the Tennessee line. There was
the usual: preceding roaring noise. No
damage is reported.
FKANIVJJNSVILI.E. N. C, Nov. 25.-
A v< r\ distinct earthquake shock was felt
here i): > nttert.>>'.>u about live minutes
after 3 o'clock, Vibration was from east
'.At v. ;::>:.. N. C. the shock was felt
at ;, ], It .X. K .-•■. I the largest buildings in
Suicide by Hanging.
SANTA QRUZ, Nov. 25.— A man named
Tuttle committrri suicide on Wednesday
by hanging himself to a rafter in his
cabin near Boulder Creek. He was in ill
health,
MURDERER'S
HIS PROFIT
BY HIS CRIME
Decision in Frank Be
lew's Case.
DEED ENRfCViES RELATIVES
INHERIT THE WEALTH OF HIS
VICTIMS.
Assassin's Estate to Receive Its
Share in the Distribution of the
Property of the Two Pr
sons He Killed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, Nov. 25.— A novel case, in
volving fine legal points and the first
of its kind ever tried in California, has
been decided by Judge Buckles of So
lano County. The question involved
was whether a man could acquire prop
erty by his own crime. Judge Buckles
decides that he may, and that his heirs
shall receive the benefits. The decision
in part follows:
Louie, Frank, Arthur, Thomas and
Susie Belew were brothers and sisters.
L.ouie and Susie were unmarried and each
possessed estates in their own right. The
father and mother were both dead. Frank
was without means and possessed a fam
ily with whom, at the time, he was not
living. He murdered Louie and Susie
with no other apparent motive than to
succeed to a portion of their respective
estates, lie pleaded guilty, was sen
tenced to be hanged, and his execution
took place in the State prison at Folsom
on the 16th day of June, IS9S.
The petition for the distribution of the
estates of Susie and Louie Belew asks
that said estates be distributed in equal
shares to the surviving brothers and to
the estate of Frank Beiew.
One of the brothers files objections to
any distribution befe; made to the estate
of Frank Belew, oirthe ground that, he
having murdered his brother and sister,
could not succeed to any of the es
tate left by them. To this objection a
general demurrer tis interposed. The ob
jection is based upon a case determined
October 8, 1889, decided by the Court of
Appeals of New York, and reported in
(Riggs vs. Palmer) '*2 N. E. R., page 188.
That was a case where the grandfather
made his will, bequeathing to his grand
son, Palmer, the residue of the estate.
Elmer, who was 16 years of age, knew
of the bequest to him. For some reason
the grandfather had manifested an in
tent to revoke this part of his will, and of
this the boy had knowledge, and to pre
vent this being done and in order to come
into possession of the residue of the es
tate, according to the bequest, he mur
dered his grandfather.
The court held that the act of murder
there operated to revoke that part of the
will, and that Elmer could take noth
ing. The statutes of succession or of de
scent contained no express provision by
which one who murders his ancestor or
one from whom he is otherwise tntitled
to inherit, is precluded from inheriting or
of succeeding to his victim's estate, nor
does the statute which provides for the
revocation of wills make the murder of
the testator a revocation of the will. But
the court said in substance:
"The laws of New York relating to the
probate of wills and the distribution of
estates will not be construed so as to
secure the benefit of a will to a legatee
■who has killed the testator in order to
' prevent the revocation of the will."
This ruling has been severely criticised
by other courts of like jurisdiction on
the ground that the New York court con
strued something into the statute
which plainly the Legislature did not in
tend to and had not put there. It is true
that the Supreme Court of Nebraska ap
proved the rule laid down in the New
York case in a case entitled Shellenber
ger vs. Ranson et al., 47 N. W. R. 700. In
that case Leonard Shellenberger would
inherit or succeed to ir.s daughter's
estate providing she died first, and in
order that he might succeed to his
daugter's property he murdered her.
However, this Nebraska case was not
permitted to stand as thus decided for a
rehearing was granted, and, on such re
hearing the court found itself and quoted
the true rule in the interpretation of
such statutes.
In this State the Code has provided as
follows:
"Civil Code, Section 1386— "When any
person having title to any estate not
otherwise limited by marriage contract
dies without disposing of the estate by
will, it is succeeded to and must be dis
tributed, unless otherwise expressly pro
vided in this Code and the Code of Civil
Procedure, subject to the payment of
his debts, in the following manner:"
Then follows the order in which the es
tate is succeeded to, and there is not here
nor in this Code or the Code of Civil Pro
ceedure anywhere any provision that in
any manner forbids the murderer from
taking an estate that would otherwise
descend to him.
In this case I was asked in effect to so
reform said section 1386 by adding a provi
so thereto in about this language: "Pro
vided, that if the heir murdered the de
ceased he shall not succeed to any of his
estate."
Or that I must say that the Legislature
intended to include such a proviso. Un
less this court can do this the estate of
Louie and Susie Belew must be distribu
ted in equal parts to the estate of the
murderer. Frank Belew, and the two sur
viving brothers.
In order to give the law such a mean
ing as Is here suggested I must first find
that said section 1386 is not clear in its
terms. Is uncertain in its directions, is
ambiguous and does not express fully the
legislative intent. But a simple reading
of the section at once brushes away all
thought of ambiguity, shows the certainty
of every word and sentence, and at once
impresses the reader with the certainty
that the full Intent of the Legislature as
to the succession of property is expressed
therein. Therefore, having no legislative
powers whatever, and not being con
cerned as to the po.icy of the law, this
court is unable to reach out and corral
some real or fancied "legislative intent"
which has been fioatine about for all
these years since the adoption of the
Codes, "and inject it into this section, to
change the meaning, which now is clear
and well defined. This is not a parallel of
that where the beneflciar" in, a life insur
ance policy murders the assured to get
the insurance. Fraud and contractunal
relations are then to be considered and
not the law of succession.
Much might be said on the point that to
give the Interpretation sought by the ob
jectors would add an additional pun
ishment to the crime of murder not known
to the laws of the State. But while such
would be the logical result, I do not deem
it necessary to discuss that point.
It has be'en seen wo have only to look
to the law of succession for a determina
tion of this question. For the reasons
herein stated the demurrer Is sustained.
THANKSGIVING AT MANILA.
Duly Celebrated by the Army and
Navy Men.
MANILA, Nov. 25.— Thanksgiving day
was generally observed by the Americans
her». and the British also celebrated it
as a holiday. The feature of the day's
festivities was a dinner, tendered by O.
F. Williams, United States Consul here,
to officers of the American army and
navy. Covers were laid for thirty-four
persons, and among those present were
Rear Admiral Dewey, Captain Dyer of
the Baltimore, Captain Coghlan of the
Raleigh, Commander Lutz of the Monte
rey, Captain Lamberton of the flagship
Ofympia, Commander Walker of the Con
cord, Lieutenant Commander Singer of
the Manila and lieutenant Braunersreu
ther of the Charleston; also Generals An
derson, Hale, Mac Arthur, Reeves, H. G.
Otis and Ovenshine and Colonel McClure;
the British and Belgian Consuls and some
representative merchants and the news
paper men. The Minnesota regiment en
tertained the whole of the California regi
ment. The Inmates of the hospitals were
not forgotten.
i
SEEDING A BANDIT`S
TREASURE TROVE
SearcJ) io Mario CouQty for c
StolcQ Fortune Buried in the
Early Days.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 25.— Emile Goetz, a local cigar manufacturer, il
a marked man. Every movement he makes from the time he leaves
the German Hotel, where he is staying, in the morning, until he re
turns late at night, is "shadowed." Nor are there any thugs on his
trail with sinister intent.
It is commonly believed that Goetz has succeeded in locating the cache
■where lies buried over $50,000. the ill-gotten treasure obtained by a masked
highwayman in the '60s. Goetz himself is confident that he will soon locate
the exact spot, and feels certain that in a short time he will be lifted from
poverty to affluence if he can succeed in getting the treasure away without
the knowledge of those by whom he is being trailed.
In 1856 the stage plying between Redding and Trinity station. Shasta
County, was held up by three masked robbers and about $150,000 in nuggets,
ingots and dust taken from a Wells-Fargo messenger named D. Barstow.
One of the robbers, a Spaniard, was captured and turned State's evidence.
Adolph Newton, the moving spirit of tho trio, was captured after a running
fight while trying to escape into the wilds of Eastern Oregon. The third
highwayman managed to get safely away.
Newton was tried ar.d convicted and sent to San Quentin for ten years.
The Spaniard gave up his spoils, but Newton, who was said to have over
$50,000, the lion's share, refused to relinquish it. He was released from
prison in 1866 and went to Shasta as fast as the means of transportation
would permit. He was dogged by detectives, but they lost sight of him un
til he was again seen in Marin County, having made his way through
Shasta, Tehama, Mendocino, Sonoma and Marin counties to the bay without
having been discovered.
One day he appeared at Donahue Landing with a mule carrying a heavy
pack, but became suspicious and returned to San Rafael. He was seen to
go up Reservoir Hill, back of where the West End station is now situated,
leading a pack mule. When he returned an hour later the mule had no
burden.
Newton went to San Francisco the same day, and on the day following
■was killed in a water-front brawl. The secret of where the treasure was
buried was commonly supposed to have died with him, but the story soon
became bruited around, and for months men and boys searched the hill in an
endeavor to find the buried money. Finally they all gave up what came to
be considered a hopeless task. For over a score of years the incident haa
lain dormant in the memory of the oldest citizen of the county.
Four months ago Goetz came to San Rafael. Nothing is known here of
his previous history or what induced him to come, but during his residence
he has been engaged in the cigar business. During his spare time he wan
ders much in the vicinity of Reservoir Hill. A week or two ago he disposed
of his business, but remained in town, and many wondered why he had
ceased work. In an unguarded moment he revealed the reason. To a confi
dential friend he told the story of the buried treasure, and. producing a
paper, -waved it in the air, with the declaration:
"This Is a diagram of where the money is buried."
Inquiry brought to light the facts of the robbery and burial of the
treasure, and then people began to dog his movements. It was learned that
he had several light instruments for digging in the earth manufactured in
the metropolis and was making nocturnal visits to Reservoir Hill. Despite
the greatest vigilance nobody has yet been able to detect Goetz digging for
the treasure.
Goetz frankly admits that he has a map of the region and thinks it Is
only a question of time when he will locate the money. He said he was en
tirely ignorant of the topography of Marin County four months ago, and, as
the signs on the map were unmarked, did not know where to look until the
region was shown him in a dream. He came to San Rafael and found the
map fitted the region admirably. Where he got possession of this paper
Goetz refuses to tell.
SHOOTS AT WIFE AND
CHILD WITH SHOTGUN
Then a Liquor-Crazed San Rafael
Teamster Attempts to Murder
Arresting Officers.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 25.— Crazed by
liquor and maddened by jealousy, an
Italian teamster named Joseph Soldavino
shot twice at his wife and daughter with
a double-barreled shotgun to-night. Then
he barricaded the doors and windows of
his house and for nearly an hour defied
the officers of the law. The frenzied man
was finally overcome and lodged in Jail by
strategy.
Alfonso Miller, son of Mayor Miller, was
passing Soldarino's house, on C street,
near First, at 9 o'clock, when Mrs. Sol
davino and her daughter rushed out,
screaming. The husband and father fol
lowed as far as the porch and emptied
both barrels of the shotgun at them.
Owing to his intoxication he missed.
Miller picked the fainting wife from the
sidewalk, and, accompanied by the daugh
ter carried her to a place of safety, :ust
as Night Watchman O'Brien and Jacob
Miller came to the scene, attracted by
the shooting.
A large crowd soon gathered, but stood
at a safe distance. They tried to enter
the house, but Soldavino fastened all the
doors and windows and savagely declared
he would shoot the first man to enter.
O'Brien tried to break in at the front
door while Miller endeavored to force »
rear 'window. The inmate opened another
window and snapped his gun at Miller, but
he had forgotten to reload the weapon.
Both officers then devoted their attention
to the front of the house
Finally O'Brien made Soldavino belie\e
his wife wished to speak with him, and
the door was cautiously opened a Ww
inches. Throwing his full weight upon
the door it yielded, and O'Brien grappled
with Soldavino, who tried to stab him
with a butchor-knife. Miller and a num
ber of citizens rushed to the officer s as
sistance and the bloodthirsty teamster
was disarmed. It took four men to carry
him to jail. Soldavino howling and cursing
and swearing that he would have the lives
of both his captors, if It required years to
84 H2r21y ltoe« years ago Soldavino, who
then lived at Ross Landing, tried to get
an injunction preventing the North Pa
cific Coast Railway Company building a
road to a gravel bed. He fa} ed, and for
several days stood guard with a rifle,
after having torn up a number of m Is
Nobody dared go near him. and it was
only after an injunction was issued
against him and he was arrested that the
road could be continued.
REUNION OF CAPAY
VALLEY PIONEERS
Former Editor of "The Bung Out"
One of the Prominent Char-
acters Present.
WOODLAND, Nov. 25.— A reunion of the
old settlers of Capay Valley was held in
Capav on Thursday. Tbere was a large
attendance. A turkey dinner was served.
Among those present was S. U. Chase,
a pioneer of '45 and editor of the first
paper ever. published in Yolo County. Its
title, "The Bung Out," was expressive of
the idea that originated such a publica
tion and the news was permitted to run
from the wide-open "Bung." Mr. Chase
says its politics was Democratic, for he
was "born that way," and he nailed the
banner of Democracy to the masthead in
the start of life, where for over sixty
years he has honored and protected it. A
poem "The Mountain Maid." a late pro
duction of his, was read and enjoyed
The closing speech was made by M. A.
Nurse It was eloquent and forceful, and
was listened to with the closest attention.
A society known as the Pioneers of
"Western Yolo was organized by the elec
tion of Jacob Winter president. E. E. Per
kins secretary, and Dr. T. Craig treasurer.
J B Nixon, John Foster and John Lang
were appointed a committee to prepare by
laws and constitution for its government.
Annual reunions were agreed upon for
some day in October of each year.
AFFLICTED WITH LEPROSY.
jtfexican Woman of San Bernardino
Has the Dread Disease.
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 25.— The an
nouncement that a genuine case of lep
rosy exists in the very center of this city
has caused alarm. For some time Dr.
G. A. Rene, County Health Officer, has
had the case under surveillance. Finally,
after a conference with two other rep
utable physicians (Dr. C. A. Mackechnie
and Dr. S. G. Huff), he has decided that
it is a case of anesthetic leprosy.
The leper is Mr 3. Tampa, a Mexican
woman of the better class, living in Hol
eomb alley, between Eighth and Ninth
streets, one of the b»«t residence localities
in the city. The woman is about 64 years
old. She evidently has been a sufferer
from the "living death" for seven years.
The authorities have communicated with
the State Board of HealTh for instruc
tions, and If the leper hospital at ban
Francisco is a State institution she may
be removed thither. She is now attended
by two sons and a daughter, who reside
with her.
GALE DOES DAMAGE IN
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
Thirty-Seven* Derricks Blown Down
in the Los Angeles Oil
• District.
I.OS ANGELES, Nov. 25.— A terrific
windstorm, which began last night, did
considerable damage in the oil-well dis
trict in this city, where derricks were
blown down and oil tanks upset. At Pasa
dena the wind threw down awnings and
signs and demolished some window glass,
besides destroying trees and hedges. The
storm ceased at sunrise.
The extent of the damage- In the oil dis
trict is just beginning to be learned.
Thirty-seven derricks are down and many
overhead pulley wires and smokestacks.
Two oil tanks holding a thousand gallons
of oil were punctured by falling derricks
and the oil is running through the streets.
Several houses and barns were crushed
under the falling derricks. The cottage of
Mrs. Romero was struck by a heavy tim
ber which went through the roof and fell
across the bed where her two children
were asleep. Curiously enough, neither one
was injured. One horse was killed. Two
hundred men are clearing away the debris
in the district.
Pasadena reported orange trees blown
nearly clean in some of the orchards In
the San Gabriel Valley, while the mes
sages from Riverside. Redlands and the
territory contiguous say that the damage
as yet could not be estimated. Colton re
ported little or no damage, while from
Tropico comes word that the orchards had
suffered, as had also several outbuildings
in that place.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 25.— Wind
last night blew electric wires down. The
damage to the ripening orange crop was
considerable, from thorn bruising and
dropping. So far this season anly .08 of an
inch of rain has fallen.
DEAD OUTLAW NOT
IGNATIUS EISLER
Resemblance Is Remarkable, but the
Heal Eisler Still Lives at
Daggett.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 25.— Sheriff
Holcomb this morning released Patrick
Moriarity, the alleged accomplice in the
Daggett train robbery. Moriarity Imme
diately departed fur San Pedro.
The authorities are much mystified by
the discovery that the dead train robber
is not Ignatius Eisler. Wells-Fargo De
tective Hume located the real Eisler upon
arriving at Daggett. He looks like the
deceased, was dressed as h,e was and was
about the same age. The resemblance
was remarkable. When he read the ac
count of the inquest he was angry, saying
it might interfere with an estate in the
old country, in which he is interested.
The officers are now at a loss as to the
identity of the Plain outlaw.
BEAMER'S BIG MAJORITY.
Elected a State Equalizer by Over
Five Thousand Votes.
WOODLAND, Nov. 25.— The returns
from all the counties comprising the
Third Equalization district are now in,
and Reamer's majority is much larger
than his most sanguine supporters an
ticipated. On the day following the elec
tion the Republican victory seemed to be
bo overwhelming that for a time it was
feared Mr. Beamer had been buried be
neath the avalanche. When the returns
began to come in his partisans claimed
his re-election, but admitted that his ma
jority would be materially reduced. Each
succeeding day increased the size of his
majority and * the returns complete dis
close the fact that he has made the most
remarkable run of any candidate on any
ticket. , , .
Mr. Beamer's tremendous majority in
an off year puts him at once in the front
rank of Democratic gubernatorial possi
bilities for 1902. His majority is 5300.
Salinas Contractor Dies.
SALINAS, Nov. 25.— Wiliam Patrick
Mauldine, a pioneer contractor and build
er died this afternoon, aged 65. He
served in a Texas regiment during the
Civil War, and at the conclusion of hos
tilities came to Salinas, where he resided
over thirty years. Ke was a widower
and leaves three single and three mar
ried daughters and a son. Mr. Mauldia*
lost a fortune in California.
34
W. H. H. HART`S GUILTY COMPACT WITH THE
McDONALD AND THEIR DISHONEST ALLIES
The Attorney General Promised
Corrupt Protection to the
Schemers,
How a High Pule Official Dishonored
His Office to Aid the Wreckers of
ttie Two Institutions.
In the history of tho Pacific Bank
find tho People's Home Savings Bank
there is no more prominent figure than
that of W. H. H. Hart, -who was Attor
ney General of this State during the
.years that the Pacific Bank and the
savings institution, its feeder, were be
ing robbed by the real estate and the
railroad speculators who had sur
rounded the McDonalds and were lead
ing them to financial ruin. Moses H.
Sherman and his associate schemers
boasted that they had corrupted Hart,
and that he was ready to do whatever
they commanded. Hart's duty was to
watch the interests of the depositors
and creditors of the bank, and when
danger threatened call a halt to ill-ad
vised speculation and certainly to the
deliberate robbery that the conspira
tors had planned.
In all the wild speculations and dis
honest manipulations of the McDonalds
Hart held the key to the situation. He
was thoroughly informed of the condi
tion of affairs in the Pacific Bank long
before the Bank Commissioners ad
vised him of the impending disaster 1 to
these institutions. Years before the
banks were involved to such a degree
that it was out of the question to re
store their solvency and sound condi
tion Hart placed himself under obliga
tion to the McDonalds by becoming a
wet for a heavy amount. While
he thus placed himself under obligation
he saw and accepted th'- opportunity to
use his own financial debts to advan
tage. He pressed his position of advan
tage up to the very point where the
McDonalds rebelled.
He borrowed frc-m the Pacific Bank
tens of thousands of dollars and for &
short time he was on the pay roll of
the People's Bank. Every one con
■i with both institutions recog
nized perfectly Hart's motive. He had
the McDonalds in a position where he
wanted them and he used their bank
to increase his private T>urse. When
thu Bank Commissioners, in the latter
part of 1891, saw that some desperate
remedy was necessary \<> relieve the
McDonalds from a desperate situation
Hart was notified of the true condition
of affairs. Letter after letter was writ
ten Co urge him to take immediate and
most necessary steps i>> place th-- Pa
vtih Bank ana its feeder back upon a
solid financial basis. Hart Ignored
every suggestion of the Bank Commis
sioners and arrogated to himself the ar
bitrary right v> uu what he pleased and
when he pleased in reference to the
aftaiis of the McDonald banks.
When the Bank Commissioners
Bhowcd him that a crash was Im
minent II ■ to take action.
He was getting large sums of money
from tii" Pa< lne Bank when he needed
it and he did nothing to prevent the
final collapse of the institution. Even
when the Bank Commissioners sent
their warnings Attorney General Hart
wu.s in consultation with the McDon
alds, advising them what to do and
what to be left undone in the crisis
that was upon them. He had schemes
of his own tv float and he had found an
avenue ut wealth better than a gold
mine. He not only ignored the warning
of the Bank Commissioners, but par
aJyzed the actions of his department of
the State government. He was bleed-
Ing a willing dupe and he intended to
continue the process until the end.
Many a thousand dollars he received
from the bank, and even the McDon
alds themselves realized that he would
never pay back the money he had re
ceived.
In order to receive this money he
found it necessary to be dishonestly in
collusion with the McDonald bankers.
He knew that the Pacific Bank, and
through it the People's Home Savings
Bank, were insolvent. He was not only
acquainted with this fact through his
association with the McDonalds, but
from the official warnings of the Bank
Commissioners. When it was utterly
cut of the question for him to delay ac
tion any further he took the step that
other authorities had begged him to
take a year before. He did so reluc
tantly and with even worse grace than
that displayed by the McDonalds in
closing the loors of their banks.
HART'S FIRST MEETING WITH THE
McDonalds.
Hart must remain, therefore, one of
the most despicable figures in the en
tire conspiracy. Other men wore boast
ing that he had been bought, and he
did not dare deny the allegation, for
they had his letters. He was known to
be Involved In the pigantic plot to a
degree that publicity would have
ruined him. He had received tremen
dous sums of money, and with a most
extraordinary lust for speculation he
paralyzed his official energies in order
that he might gratify his propensity for
{rambling with th<^ funds of the Pacific
Nank. Hart's connection with the Pa
cific Bank and the People's Home Sav
ings Bank, from the moment that the
Attorney General made his acquain
AD VERTISEMjS K TS.
Economical
soap is one that
a touch of
cleanses.
HART'S GUILTY PROMISE TO FRANK V. McDONALD.
A month and a half before the Pacific Bank crumbled Attorney General W. H. H. Hart was in New York in consultati
with Frank V. McDonald and other conspirators of the banks. The Bank Commissioners time and again had
begged the Attorney General to take official action in reference to the institution and stop the wholesale robbery
that was shamelessly being committed. Hart positively declined to take this action, and used the authority of
his high position to protect the thieving bankers and their confederates. In a letter which is given in fac-simile
above Hart assures Frank McDonald that no action will be taken. Hart declares that he had telegraphed to his
deputies commanding them to take no steps without his authority, and he begged Frank V. McDonald to lose no
sleep over the desperate condition of the banks.
tarce with Trank McDonald and played
tie young banker for a heavy loan un-
Ul long after both institutions had been
ruined " of timely public nterest.
Hart first met Frank McDonald long
before the troubles of the Pacific Bank
Moses H. Sherman had not yet foisted
1 his worthless Phoenix securities on the
Pae fie Sink, and he had not yet con
ceived his tremendous scheme in refer
ience to the Los Angeles Electric Rail
road Th^ Blythe case had just been
concluded; and Hart, who web one of
i the attorneys of Florence Blythe, now
i Mrs. Florence Hinckley. had won a tre
i mendous victory. Shortly after his
i Hart was elected Attorney General o£
I the State. He needed money and went
to Frank McDonald to obtain it. lne
young banker had not yet reached that
noint where he loaned money utterly
without security. He therefore demand
ed from Hart some security for a loan
of $10,000 which Hart demanded. Hart,
as the public well knows, had as an at
torney a very large contingent interest
in the Blythe case in the event of suc
cess. , ,
As already indicated, he needed
money very badly, and for a loan of
$10,000 he made a most extraordinary
pledge. As security he mortgaged to
the Pacific Bank, through Frank Mc-
Donald, his interest in the Blythe es
tate and agreed in addition to that to
eive the McDonalds, in consideration
of the loan, a«bonus of $10,000, the face
value of what he asked. This extraor
dinary agreement, indicating clearly
the stress of Hart for money, was made
and thr> Pacific Bank advanced to Hart
the $10,000 he asked. This introduced
Hart to Frank McDonald, and the sub
- auent intimacy of the two men shows
to what advantage the introduction
, was used. Time after time Hart bor
' rowed money. When his original loan
became due a settlement was made and
he was released from the payment of
the bonus of $10,000.
His unusual generosity made a favor
able impression, and the loan of ten
thousand dollars was but the begin
ning The Pacific Bank has already
obtained a judgment against Hart and
the Blythe estate for the money and
interest. The bank in consequence will
not lost anything by this transaction.
Its only practical significance is to
show how Attorney General Hart
worked himself Into the bank and de
veloped his power over it until he was
absolutely in a position to dictate what
he pleased. From that time on Attor
ney General Hart became one of the
leading figures in the conspiracy to ruin
the Pacific Bank and destroy the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank. The Call
had already shown, in Its expose of this
conspiracy, that the Pacific Bank was
practically insolvent in August, 1891.
Shortly after that the Bank Commis
sioners officially and formally notified
Attorney General Hart of this fact. No
notice whatever was taken nf the letter
of tho Bank Commissioners. Attorney
General Hart was then occupied in
bleeding the banks, and he was deeply
concerned to see that they were not
closed :u that ptago of the game. The
Bank Commissioners could do nothing
further than what they had already
done. It was not in their -^ower to
i close the banks except through the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1898.
agency of the Attorney General. The
law provides that he and nobody else
is the proper officer to take action, and
he declined to do so.
Affairs drifted on in this condition for
over a jvar. As already shown in The
Call, Dr. McDonald tied from the State,
and the little coterie of conspirators, in
cluding Attorney Ueneral Hart, had
gone to New York to continue their
game for high stakes. Letter after
letter was written by the Bank Corn-
WMW M N. H.HART
I missioners, but Attorney General Hart
took no notice.
THE ATTORNEY GENERAL SOUGHT TO
INVOLVE THE BLYTHE ESTATE.
He was protecting the McDonalds
against any action the Bank Commis
sioners might take, and at the same
time was borrowing a large sum of
money. He was in New York in con*
sultation with Frank McDonald and
the others.
When he returned to California he
made arrangements with McDonald
agents here and was clearly understood
to be in the service of the dishonest
bankers. When he was at Sacramento
i in his official capacity he assisted then)
in every possible way. When the Riv
erside Bank was threatened with a
well-merited collapse he stepped in and
prevented the threatened action of the
Bank Commissioners and in every way
used his official position to save the
banks from the destruction they de
served. The Call has already shown
what Frank McDonald thought of At
torney General Hart very early in the
conspiracy. Frank McDonald both
feared and bated the Attorney General,
but he did not dare antagonize bim.
and sought through deceit to save the
bank from the frequent raids of Hart.
It will be remembered that when
Hart made one demand for a large sum
of money Dick McDonald telegraphed
to his brother, who was then In Los
Angeles, asking for advice. Frank tele
graphed a reply and declared that it
would be unwise to accommodate Hart
again at that time with a loan as the
Attorney General would never repay it.
At the same time Frank informed his
brother that Hart could neither assist
them nor harm thorn at that particular
stage. The Pacific Bank could there
fore afford to refuse the accommoda
tion which Hart demanded. The At
torney General was always clever
enough to secure what money he
wanted from the Pacific Bank under
the thin guise of technical legality. He
always gave note 3 for what he received,
but Frank McDonald indicated what
the Pacific Bank knew those notes to
be worth and the subsequent judgment
obtained against Hart showed how
truly the McDonalds understood Hart's
position and his demands.
As the relationships between Hart
and Frank McDonald became closer
Hart became practically a confidential
adviser of the young banker and was
deeply Involved in several schemes that
Frank attempted to float. It should
not be forgotten, however, that at this
time Hart was Attorney General of the
State.
As such officer it might be supposed
that he would have held himself aloof
from the McDonalds, understanding as
he did how precarious was their posi
tion in the financial world. Instead of
keeping away from the McDonalds,
however, he was in frequent communi
cation with them while all the crazy
schemes of the Pacific Bank conspira
tors were being concocted in New York.
Within two months of the final collapse
of the Pacific! Bank Attorney General
Hari was in New York city and Wash
ington. In a measure he made the of
fice of Edminster & Co., the "fence" of
the McDonalds and their confederates,
his headquarters. When Frank Mc
donald conceived the notion of estab
lishing the San Francisco Trust Com
pany Attorney General Hart assisted
him in arranging the details and
suggesting the general outline. Hart
pledged Frank that the business of the
Blythe estate, amounting to many
thousands of dollars yearly, would be
turned over at great profit to the new
company. This promise was given as
a bait and is one of the significant in
cidents that prove the close relationship
between Hart and Frank McDonald.
While the Pacific Bank was on the
very verge of collapse and the Bank
Commissioners, in order to protect their
own reputations, were begging Hart to
take the action that had become im
perative, Hart was scheming and plan
ning with Frank McDonald to organ
ize a gigantic trust company and to
float another dangerous speculation out
of the doors of the Pacific Bank.
The following letter, which was writ
ten on one of the letter heads of Ed
mlnster & Co., will show how intimate
were the relationships between Attor
ney General Hart and Frank V. Mc-
Donald:
Edminster & Company, Bankers. In
vestment Securities. No. 44 Broad
street.
NEW YORK. April 29th, 1893.
Friend McDonald: 1 called again to
see you and have a little private talk
in re S. F. Trust Co. I think I can
raise about $200,000 here In New York.
I met a S. F. party last night and he
is able and will take $20,000. None of
these parties wouiu care to" take any
part in the management of the com
pany.
I go bark to Washington to-morrow
and will return on Tuesday night and
meet Mr Hnntington again on
Wednesday and will see you on that
day if convenient or. if desirable to do
so could meet you in the evening as I
think I could formulate a plan with you
on the Trust Company. 1 am anx
ious about this on account of the
Blythe case and would want the Trust
Company to take charge of that es
tate. This would insure a profit to
the company without expense of at
least $20,000.
Think it over and I will see you be
fore I go home. Trusting you are well
I remain yours truly,
\\ ! M. H. H. HART.
A month after the foregoing letter
was written affairs in the Pacific Bank
and the People's Home Savings Bank
had reached such a crisis that the Bank
Commissioners could no longer wait for
the promises of Attorney General Hart;
They sent another imperative demand
to his office in this city and informed
him in plain language of the precari
ous condition of the bank. Hart was
not then in San Francisco but was in
New York. His deputies communicated
with him and Informed him of the let
ter.
HART'S SHAMELESS CONFESSION OVER
HIS OWN SIGNATURE.
The crisis was of such a character
that the deputies telegraphed, and
Hart, to show over his own signature
and in his own handwriting that he ig
nored the Bank Commissioners and
was giving the" McDonalds full swing
in their dishonest speculations, penned
a letter that is of general public Inter
est. In this letter Attorney General
Hart informed Frank McDonald briefly
of everything that had been dene, in
cluding his own action in tying the
hands of his deputies.
He told Frank McDonald that no step
would be taken until the McDonalds
had been warned and given an oppor
tunity to prepare. This public officer,
who was heavily in the debt of the
Pacific Bank, and who for years had
been in criminal collusion with the con
srirators who had ruined the bank,
recommended Frank McDonald, on the
very verge of collapse, not to lose any
sleep over the situation. The epistle
which proves Attorney General Hart's
corrupt association with the McDon
alds and their banks is given in full as
follows:
NEW YORK, May 6. 1593.
Frank V. McDonald Esq., Room 6,
Fourth Floor. 44 Broad Street, New
York— Dear Sir and Friend: I am Ju»t
in receipt of a dispatch from my dep
uty as follows:
"Send you report on Pacific Bank
by mail.
"CHARLES 11. JACKSON."
I have replied:
"Take no steps against any bank
without my directions. NotUy San
ders."
I thought it advisable to do this, as
my deputies might undertake to do
what might to them seem proper, but
what, in fact, may be very improper
at this time, and I certainly propose to
handle matters so no scare shall occur
and no injury shall be done, ana I take
this opportunity to write this letter In
ordw to notify you that if I find any
thing wrong I- will give you ample
time to remedy it; so do not lose any
sleep oVer the matter.
I leave to-morrow for Chicago and
shall be there about a week or ten
days, and then for the West, and will
be in San Francisco by May 25. unless
necessity requires me there before.
If you get anything that it would be
well for me to know, please advise me
freely. Yours truly,
WM. H. H. HAivi 1 ,
321 Clark Street, Chicago, 111.
Hart continued his relations with the
long after both banks had
failed. He had drawn a tremendous
sum of money out of the Pacific Bank
and was seeking to obtain a sum from
the People's Home Savings Bank. The
Call has already shown that the con
spirators who destroyed the banks
were split up in contending factions
after the failure. While little cliques
were fighting against each other, all
combined of necessity against the Mc-
Dbnalds, who were looked upon as a
common enemy. Sherman ultimately
won the victory, but early in 1894, as
already published in The Call, he was
very far from a triumph, as far as the
People's Home Savings Bank was
concerned. In January of that year he
wrote his hysterical letter in which he
explained his fears of a Grand Jury in
dictment and the confiscation of the
property which rightfuly belonged to
the People's Bank. In that very month
Attorney General Hart also wrote a
very important letter. It will be re
membered that every possible effort
was being made at that time to re
habilitate the People's Bank and re
open its doors. Among the worst pos
sible securities then in the possession of
the bank were the bonds of the Phoenix
Railroad Company that Sherman had
floated and then foisted on the bank
through the corrupt assistance of John
E. Farnum. There were 166 of these
bonds in the bank, representing $166,000
that John E. Farnum had accepted as
security for a loan of $166,000. The
bonds, without the personal guarantee
of Sherman, were practically worthless.
The entire road that had given Sher- ,
man an opportunity to float these se
curities did not cost $30,000.
Hart, however, wrote the following
letter in which he valued the Phoenix
Railroad bonds at par:
State of California, Attorney Gen
eral's Office.
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 24, IM>4.
D S. Porn Esq.— Dear Sir: I have
progressed so far with my report that
People's Home Savings Bank is sol
vent and that In coming to this con
clusion so far I have deducted 30
from all Arizona sureties other than
Phoenix City Railway bonds, which
I value at par. If you can exchange
Arizona mortgages for better security
do so and I will include new sureties
in my report, which will help your
showing. Yours^rub-, „ HART>
Attorney General.
The foregoine letter shows conclu
sively that Hart was not only willing to
accept poor securities at their par value
but was ready to assist in making- the
dishonest showing of the People's Bank '
as good as possible. Hart continued his
manipulation in the affairs of the Peo
ple's Bank until the end. After
the collapse cnrn» however, he could
not operate with impunity as the public
already knew of his official derelic
tions. The Call proves this morning in
Hart's own handwriting what before
the public only suspected, that the At
torney General of this State was crimi
nally in collusion with the conspirators
of the Pacific Bank. To-morrow morn
ing The Call will take up the secret cor
respondence of another of the great
bank wreckers and show by his own
authority to what extent he helped to
ruin the institutions.
SEASON'S OUTPUT OF
CALIFORNIA FRUIT
Shipments Fall Only Nine Per Cent
Below Those of the Preceding
Year.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 25.— President H.
Weinstock of the California Fruit Grow
ers' and Shippers' Association, in his an
nual report, says:
The drought, th* frosts and the unfavorable
weather during the early part of the season
gave rise to a general opinion that there would
be little or no shipping fruit to leave the
State. By the middle of May the outlook had
materially Improved, but yet the most san
guine-minded estimated that the year's ship
ment would not exceed 2500 car loads, or less
than half of last year's shipments. The sur
prise is therefore a most agreeable one to find,
at the close of the shipping season, that 4824
<ais of fresh dectduous fruits have left the
State as against «3:iß ears fur last year— a short
age of only it per cent. Despite the somewhat
lessened volume of shipments, the Income to
the State for fresh fruits, owing to the much
higher prices which prevailed, has been ma
terially greater than for several past seasons.
The distribution of such Income from fresh
fruits has, however, been most uneven and
irregular. A noticeable decline is manifest in
the- shipments to Western points; whereas, the
shipments to New York, Boston, Philadelphia
and Montreal have Increased since ISio from 50
to 100 per cent. The explanation for this lies
largely in the fact that Chicago and other
Western cities are receiving increasing sup
plies of fruit from such States aa Georgia,
Michigan and Colorado.
Despite the unfavorable season, cherry shii
ments Increased fully 20 per cent compared
with last year, and the pear crop, which at
one time was pronounced almost a total ftil
ur«, furnished 1694 cars for shipment ageinst
la&t year's shipment of 1640 cars, a loss only
of about 3 per cent.
The California Fruit Growers' and Shlipers'
Association has continued to successfully carry
on the work delegated to it by the fruit grow
ers, who, by their united action, brawht It
Into life, and has succeeded In maintaining
union auction houses, free and oper' to all
buyers in all the auction markets; tius pre
venting the fruit from coming In needless
competition with itself, and has Uso con
tinued the publication of the daily bulletin,
which gives a da:'y report of the Eastern fruit
shipments and the destination of the cars.
This has proven of inestlnuble value
to the- growers and shippers in keeping
thorn informed of the daily output, the varie
ties of fruit going forward, and tho date of
their expected arrival in the vactous markets,
and has thus done most importtnt service In
preventing the disastrous gluts |i the Eastern
markets, which, before the publication of the
dally bulletins, were of so ooranon an occur
rence and so ruinous in their results to the
growers.
FIRST TO THE WIBE.
Winners of Races on Eastern and
Southern Tracks.
NEW ORLEANS, Nov. 25.— Though the
weather was drizzling tbe track was good
to-day. Results:
First race, seven furlongs— Aunt Maggie won,
TrurliKht second. Applejack third. Time, 1:30.
Second race, five lurlongs— Georgle won,
Rosalia seconu. Pell Mell II third. Time, 1.03^.
Third race, six and a half furlongs— Mies
Lizzie won, Watercrest second, Locust Blos
som third. Time, 1:23.
Fourth race, one mile— Bishop Reed won,
Evaline second, Tranby third. Time, 1:44%.
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards— Peg
Parkß won, Muscadine Becond, Libation third.
Time, 1:46%.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 25.— Weather clear;
track heavy.
First race, six furlongs— Bon Jour won, AUlo
Belle second. Airpasla third. Time, l:2ofc.
Second race, five and a half furlongs— Rose
Ash won, Osman second, Mayme M M third.
Time, 1:14.
Third race, flve furlongs— The Bondsman won,
Minnie AlDlne second, Jim P third. Time,
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Arcturus
won, Hampden second. Possum third. Time,
Fifth race, six furlongs— Primate won, Miss
Josephine second. Prince of Orange third.
Time, l:2lVi.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25. Bennlngs results:
First race, six furlongs— Tinkler won. Fetiche
second,' Saratoga third. Time, l:lfi 4-5.
Second race, five furlonßS— Miss Order won.
P!r Christopher second. Lady Exile third. TJme.
1:03 3-5.
Thrrd race, six furlongs— Judge Warden won,
Trlllo ppcond, Walkensha third. Time, 1:17.
Fourth race, six and a half furlongs^-Koy-
sterer won. Fast Black second, Strangest third.
Time. 1:24.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth—Kinnikln
ntck won, Charentus second, Marsian third.
Time, 1:51.
QUEENSBERRY SAYS BETS
SHOULD HAVE BEEN PAID
Author of Ring Rules Believes the
_ Sharkey-Corbett Decision
Was Faulty.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2r>.— A ppooial cable
to the Evening Journal from London
says: The Marquis of Queensberry, who
has been traveling incognito, has been
found in a quiet retreat in London. He
was reluctant to t;ilk of the Snarkey-
Corbett fight, but had no objection to this
reply by him to a definite question being
cabled:
"I am of the opinion that, the decision
having been awarded in favor of Sharkey,
bets should follow the decision. You can
not separate them."
CRAIG DEFEATS CRISP.
Knocks Out the Englishman in the
Thirteenth Round.
NEWCASTLE-ON-TYXE, Eng., Nov.
25. in a twenty-round contest here this
evening for a purse of $1500 between
Frank M. Craig, the "Harlem Coffee
Cooler," and George Crisp of Newcastle,
Craig won in the thirteenth round. In the
betting Craig was the favorite at 2 to 1.
The men were fairly even in the opening
rounds of the bout, but before the sixth
round was over the "Coffee Cooler had
Crisp in difficulties, the Newcastle man
being greatly puntled by the American a
tactics Crisp recovered somewhat .lur
ing the ninth 'round, and the fight was for
a time more even. to the thirteenth
round Craig got a left home heavily on
the tew ami sent Crisp to the ground
where he was counted out. Craig snowed
no signs of punishment.
Port Costa Lass Wins.
STOCKTON, Nov. 25.— The unfinished
coursing match of yesterday, which was
stopped on account of the darkness, was
concluded this morning. Port Costa Lass
won first money, beating Fireman bj a
score oi 5- to 1. Said Pasha ran a hye with
Maiden and was awarded third monej.
': FIVE SNOWSTOBMS AT ONE TIME
! Startling and Grand Panorama That
Moved Before Virginia City.
"Virginia City." said Sayre Noble, a
Nevidlranch^an, "is pretty; wji «>Jta
the world as any one knows wno naa
ever been there, and there are few locali
ties in all the Rocky Mountain region
from which a wider range of country can
be taken in at one view. Owing to tnat
i fact some beautiful, striking and unusual
sights are often seen by the dwellers
in that favored city, almost within sound
ing distance of the clouds. I have wit
nessed some of them myself, and- one in
particular I remember. In fact it was a
sight that no one having seen could ever
forget. It no one having could ever
get It was a moving panorama, grand
and impressive in the extreme, being no
less than five distinct snowstorms ranging
among the mountains and deserts to the
eastward, while in the city not a flake of
snow was falling. The storms represent
ed all degrees of fierceness, and covered
an area of at least 100 miles. The one
farthest to the east and at the same time
the most northerly one, was apparently
passing directly over the Forty-mile des
ert. It was as black as a thunder cloud,
so dense was the whirling body of snow,
and was, perhaps, ten miles in diameter.
Any one in the midst of it would have
been willing to swear that a snowstorm
must be raging over the entire continent,
but just to the north of it several tall,
stately peaks rose out of the fierce storm
and towered above it in the full splendor
of sunlight. The high hills that lay be
yond the storm were shut off from
sight as though by a gigantic black cur
"Nearer, storm the' southward, another
t as though by a gigantic black eur
earer, and to the southward, another
storm, not so black and fierce as the first,
but still dense enough to hide all the re
gion behind it, was in less active progress.
It crept along toward the east, reaching
from the level of the Carson Valley up
ward to the very cloud whence it came,
high in the heavens. Still nearer, and be
tween the city and the mountains of Co
mo, a lighter storm yet. one only two or
three miles in width, passed on its way.
Through this th«» mountain peaks, could be
seen dimly, as in a thin fog. A mile far
ther south a fourth snowstorm, smaller in
area than even the last one, but as black
and tempestuous as the great blizzard
that, with the sun touching the crown,
was sweeping the Forty-mile desert, rag
ed in awful fury. All behind it was hid
with the pall of the blackest night. Miles
away, farther up to the southward, the
fifth storm, a vast and violent one. was
sweeping along, covering and hiding a
range of thirty miles of high hills.
"Between these several - storm bodies
hills, plains and mountain peaks stood re
vealed as far as the eye could see, all ly
ing in the glory of a late October sun.
The gleaming peaks that rose golden far
above the black masses of storm as they
raged in fury at the mountain bases and
far up their rocky sides, made a partic
ularly striking anil awesome part of that
strange picture."
THE ITALIAN THKONE.
i The Succession Discussed at the Birth
of Another Heir.
Another Prince has just been addpd to
the already large male element in the
House of Ssvoy, which for half a century
--that is to say from the birth of Queen
MarKherifa— has had no daughters, with
the exception of the child of the Duke of
(Jenoa, also called Margherita. born in
! 18%. The Prince is an important addition
i to thf family, as he will. If the present
ordet of things continues, one day sit on
the throne of Italy. He is the first child
of Prince Emanuel, Duke of Aosta, who,
three years ago, married at Kingston
i Princess Helene of Orleans. As the Duke
I a/id Duchess of Aosta had been married
I 9 relatively long time without children,
I And as it is asserted that the Crown
j Prince, married tw* years ago, may nev-
I er have issue, the enemies of the House
of Savoy, especially the Clericals, had dil
igently spread the idea that the want of
a direct heir after the Prince of Naples
was the curse of God for the "usurpa
tion" of the Papal States.
It is known that certain anxiety was
really felt in the royal family itself, and
his relatives were busy choosing a wife
for the Count of Turin, the next
brother to the Duke of Aosta. The little
Prince who has just entered this world
has.however, put his rosy little foot down
on these projects, which thus lose their
pressing Importance. Another lease of
bachelorhood, too, is given to the Count
of Turin, which he is popularly supposed
to prize very highly.
The Duke of Aosta, to whose branch of
the family the Italian throne will pass
should the Prince of Naples die without
an heir, is the son of Prince Amadeo
twin brother of King Humbert, who
died when only 45, and about whom the
King in the depth of his grief exclaimed:
"I have lost my best friend!" His moth
er was a Princess of the noble house of
Delia Cisterna. and not, therefore, of roy-
Rl birth, but such was her cleverness md
superiority that she took her place with
great dignity and grace as daughter-in
law and sister-in-law of kings, and as
Queen herself when for five years hor
husband sat on the throne of "Spain. Tn
Madrid she contracted the disease which
killed her, one year later, at the age of 29.
Englishmen certainly will not forget the
sensation caused by the second marriage
of Prince Amadeo with his niece, the
beautiful Princess Letltia Bonaparte,
daughter of his sister Clotilde and the
celebrated "Plon-Plon." — Pall Mall Ga-
BEER MONEY AND CHURCHES.
A hundred years ago there were no tem
perance societies or Bands of Hope, no
Rech.abites and Blue Ribbon Army. To
be as "drunk as a lord" was the height
of human tellcity. It was the ag<- of
"three-bottle men," of convivial toasts, of
drinking songs. Even the church indi
rectly encouraged intemperance. There
were certain districts where at Whitsun
tide the churchwardens were accustomed
to levy contributions of malt from the
parishioners. This was brewed into
strong ale and sold In tho church. The
Whitsuntide topers had, however, a pious
method in their madness.
The money spent on the beer was ex
ponded by the churchwardens in church
maintenance, and the muddled roisterers
no doubt believed themselves to be pillars
of the church even when, under the in
nuei.ee of its alcohol, they rolled upon its
pavtment.— Chambers Journal.
In Havana there is a device for pro
tecting passengers from tfie extortion of
cahmen. The lamp posts are painted va
rious colors— red for the central district,
blue for the second circle, preen for the
third, etc., and thus the "fare" knows im
mediately when he has passed a legal
boundary, and pays accordingly.
YOUNG GILLETT
NOW INSOLVENT
Failure of the Dashing
Cattle Operator.
MANY CREDITORS AFTER HIM
FROM A POOR FARM LAD HE
SOON BECAME A MAGNATE.
Daring Speculations Which Led Up to
His Sudden Collapse— lnterests
Throughout the Southwest
Involved*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ABILENE, Kans., Nov. 25.— A failure
involving- cattle interests throughout
the Southwest was precipitated here
to-day when an attachment suit for
(40,000 was filed against Grant C. Gillett
of Woodbine by the Gillespie Commis
sion Company of Kansas City.
Gillett controls thousands of cattle
on the Southwestern ranges, and his
liabilities are believed to be over a
million dollars. It is now known that
on Monday of the present week Gillett
made an assignment and deed of trust
of all his holdings to D. W. Naill. Oil
lett at once departed for Texas. Mr.
Naill, however, refused to accept the
trusteeship and the papers were not
filed.
This condition of affairs becoming
noised about, Gillett's creditors came
down upon him in droves. Men repre
senting twenty-five commission firms
j in Kansas City arrived at Woodbine to
i day on a special train and immediately
i began searching for Gillett cattle,
which are ranging over Central and
1 Western Kansas, Oklahoma. Indian
Territory and Texas. How many ther«
are none of the creditors seem to know,
| but it is stated that there are about
5000 head on Gillett's Woodbine ranch.
| Some idea of the extent of Gillett's lia
j bilittes was gained at the County Reg
istrar's office here, where fully $1,000,
000 of his paper is recorded. About
one-third of it is blanket and unre-
I leased mortgages, while the remainder
I covers cattle now being fed.
Most of Gillett's paper is thought to
! have been held by Kansas City banks
j and commission firms, but the firms
who are represented here on the ground
claim to be amply nrotected.
The career of Grant C. Gillett has
been of the skyrocket order. He is
about 35 years of age, and his opera
tions have startled the more conserva
j tive stock men. Four years ago he
j lived on a mortgaged quarter section of
land near Woodbine. He began his
cattle trade by feeding steers for
oth.-rs. In this he was successful, and
on the little ranch he laid the ground
work of a business which has enabled
him to handle over 200,000 cattle within
I the last three years. His methods were
as novel as they were daring. Soon he
seemed to have unlimited credit. Ho
bought great droves of cattle in Texas
and brought them north for feeding.
Soon he organized his celebrated "cow
boy band," composed of plainsmen in
his employ, and when he rode about
the country in hi? special car He toOK
his band of musicians with him. He
even took them into Eastern. Hties,
where they attracted much attention.
Mr. Gillett is said to have recently
taken out $237,000 of life insurance and
$200 000 of accident insurance.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 25.— The
failure of Grant C. Gillett, the cattle
man of Woodbine, Kans., was not gen
erally known in Kansas City at tho
close of business hours this evening',
though it was already known and had
created a slight flurry in financial cir
cles centering at the stockyards. It is
stated that over $f>oo,ooo of Gillett's pa
per is held in Kansas City, distributed
among a score or more of commission
firms. Through these firms some of this
paper has reached the local banks, but
as to the amount of the holdings of
any of the firms or banks no definite
information could be obtained.
No More Paper Money in Chile.
VALPARAISO, Chile, Nov. 25.— 1n the
Chamber of Deputies to-day the Minister
of Finance declared, in the name of the
President, there would not Be another dol
lar of paper money issued.
Shaky Nerves,
Shaky Nerves,
Shaky Nerves,
Shaky Nerves,
Shaky Nerves,
Shaky Nerves,
WShaky Nerves,
j^v Shaky Nerves.
IF YOU ARE SUFFERING FROM THE
» nerves it is just as well you should
hear about the great Hudyan. Hudyan
is a nerve-remedy treatment. It Is a good
one. It has stood severe tests. Hudyan
cures diseases and disabilities of men. It
cures spermatorrhoea. Hudyan cures
pimples, drains. Hudyan ' cures back-
ache, headache and shooting: pains. Hud-
van cures constipation and disorders aris-
ing from excesses. Hudyan cures impo-
tency. Write for
CIRCULARS.
30-DAY CURE The cure for blood
30-DAY CURE Poison is the 30-Day .
30-DAY CURE Cure. It is pood in
30-DAY CURE the first, secondary or
30-DAY CURE tertiary state.
Write for
•30-DAY CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical institute,
- Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis sis.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CONSULT HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT HUDSON DOCTORS FREE.
CONSULT HUDSON DOCTORS 'FREE.
Use ,^3k *&&
Facial Soap |^/ Facial Cream.
Age. Illness, Care cause \ Wrinkles. Derma-
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West 4Jd
St., N. Y., 163 State st., Chicago, has had over
26 years' practical experience removing Wrin-
kles, Crow's Feet, etc. No pain.SHAFTER REPLIES
TO HIS CRITICS
Difficulties of the San
tiago Campaign.
ARMY UNUSED TO HARDSHIP
DID ADMIRABLY UNDER THE
CIRCUMSTANCES.
Compelled to Strike Quickly to Es
cape the Epidemic That Threat
ened to Destroy His
Entire Force.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK Nov. 25.— General Shaf
ter was the principal guest to-night at
a banquet given at Delmonico's by the
Sons of the Revolution of the State of
New York. In the course of a speech
he said:
I wish to say something about the late
■war— about the success in Cuba. 1 sup-
I . cm all know how that campaign has
l>een bitterly criticized. I want to tell
you that it is much easier for a man to
say how a thing should be done than to do
it.
General Shafter then detailed the
preparations for the Cuban campaign
and the embarkation for Santiago.
Continuing, General Shafter said:
War was declared In April, at the begin
ning of the sickly season in Cuba. It was
the express intention of the President
end he told me so himself— to delay the
war until after that season, no matter
what the public clamor was. He would
not send volunteers to Cuba during the
sickly season.
After referring to the conditions
which male earlier action necessary.
General Shafter told of the embarka
tion at Tampa, of his arrival at San
tiago with his forces, and said:
I will say right here that there was no
strategy employed. I learned of a con
siderable body of Spanish troops in and
Santiago, which in round numbers
I will place at 21,000.
I knew we would have some si^tness.
and I determined to make a sharp and
I march straight to Santiago. I
. :." men, all of the light artillery
and ail of the available cavalry. There
were three regiments of volunteers, one
e< mposed of cowboys, who, while they
lacked the discipline of the regulars, were
inured by their past lives to hardship,
: ! good work. There were also the
S< venty-flrst New York and the Second
•Us. They were good regi
- and did their duty well. lAp
plause. i There is not a regiment in the
■ on the face of the earth who
be made soldiers in the short time
. with the training that these regt
had.
i if curse we could not carry comfort
able I h us. Every man had
three days' rations. All the generals ex
■ ;-neral Wheeler went on foot with
haversacks and their rations, like
privates.
General Shafter then described the
various marches and the methods of
the Spaniards in fighting, and con
tinued:
I made one mistake in that march to
ward Santiago. It was the only serious
mistake I made. That was at the battle
Caney. Tin the first day we ap
proached the town from the northeast. I
several of "ur best men to recon
noiter. On their return they told me
n< place could be taken. On learn
ing this from them I ordered an advance
on El Caney.
General Shafter complimented Gen
eral Kent's and General Lawton's
force?. Of the El Caney fight he said:
It was the most direct way. I knew that
was certain and I was deter
■ i reach Santiago before the slck
. upon the men.
I knew that the surrender of Santiago
>nly a question of a few days. I was
y the British Consul afterward that
v.n was ours when we arrived at the
I row of the hill. There was much clamor
iir me to assault the town. I had to ex
erclse the greatest effort to withstand It.
In speaking of the sufferings of the
men he said:
We had lots of suffering, I will admit.
la always suffering in war. There
lot a moment when 1 could have pre
: it that any man suffered unneces
saniy. Out of 1500 wounded but thirteen
as I was informed, in July. That is
ill percentage. I have never heard a
complaint from any officer or man of the
regular army.
General Shafter closed with a tribute
t" the Sons of the Revolution and sat
down amid great applause.
Rev. Henry Van Dyke, D.D., was In
troduced and created a sensation by
vehemently denouncing the policy of
expansion. He declared that the pur
poses for which we went to war were
freedom for Cuba and the cause of hu
manity, and not for the aggrandize
ment of territory. He referred to the
evacuation of the British and said:
Imperialism means a reaction to the
days of 1783, when the colonial policy was
banished from America by Washington.
■II propose. Sons of the Revolution,
to change >he republic Into a conquering
empire?
The greatest excitement prevailed at
this point and the speaker had to wait
for quiet. Then he paid a wonderfully
eloquent tribute to the flag and hoped
It wduM never float above any country
whose people' were unwillingly under
the dominion of this Government and
that it should never stand for con
quest and imperialism, Instead of hu
manity and enlightenment. He read
Bectionfl from Washington's farewell
address and declared that Washington
waa not a fool or a fogy, but had a
prophetic vision of the present situa
tion.
SCHLEY AT A BANQUET.
Rear Admiral Describes the Destruc
tion of Cervera's Fleet.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— Rear Admiral
Winfleld S. Schley was tendered a com
plimentary dinner in the Brooklyn Club
to-night by Its members. Covers were
laid for 150. The clubhouse and dining
room were decorated with flags of all
nations and potted plants and flowers.
Rear Admiral Schley was escorted to
the club by Congressman Bennett, and
he was accorded a hearty reception
when he took his place at the guests'
table along with Chauncey M. Depew.
Benjamin F. Tracey, Colonel Hester
and St. Clair McKehvay.
Mr. McKelway acted as toastmaster
sir./< irX— ->duced the guest of the even
ing. When Admiral Schley arose to
speak he was greeted with prolonged
cheers, which were renewed at inter
vals during his description of the de
struction of Cervera's fleet.
"Tt is a high tribute to my profes
sion," he said, "to say that not one ves
sel of the Spanish fleet escaped us."
The other speakers wcro Chauncey M.
Depew and Benjamin F. Tracey.
TEXAS' CREW CELEBRATES.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— The sailors
and marines of the battleship Texas to
the number of several hundred held
their annual ball to-ni^ht at the Lenox
I, Vet-urn. Captain Sigsbee <>f the Texas
and Miss Sigsbee l«^d the grand march,
in which four hundred couples partici
pated. Captain Slgsbf-e was vocifer
ously cheered during the march. There
many noted characters present,
but perhaps the most popular ones were
Sailors Deignan, Clausen and Phillips,
who sailed with Hobson on the Merri
mac. A dinner was served after mid
night
STATE'S BOOKS
FREE TO ALL
Should Circulate Among
the People.
LIBRARY ASSOCIATION'S PLAN
MAJORITY IN FAVOR OF THIS
INNOVATION.
Herbert C. Nash of Stanford Advo
cates the Establishment of
a Copyright Re
pository.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 25.— Pursuant
to a caJl which has for its object the
adoption of a plan whereby the people
of the State may get the benefit of the
books in the State Library, there was
to-day held In the Senate chamber a
conference of librarians, under the aus
pices of the Library Association of Cal
ifornia. "While a large number of pa
pers were read and addresses deliv
ered on various subjects, it was evi
dent that most of the librarians pres
ent favored a plan whereby the books
in the State Library could be placed
before the people. State Librarian
Coombs in opening the meeting stated
that he hoped this would be one of the
results of the present meeting.
George D. Clark, president of the Li
brary Association of California, who
acted as chairman, reiterated Mr.
Coombs' statement and said that the
riches of the State Library should be
opened to the people of the State. He
hoped that the present law could be
amended so as to permit the circula
tion of the books in the State Library.
J. C. Kowell, librarian at the Univer
sity of California, declared that it was
far cheaper for a man in Los Angeles
to pay the freight or express charges
on a book than to go to Sacramento
to read it, and he ought to be privil
eged to have the book sent to him un
der proper restrictions. Persons at a
distance wishing to borrow books should
be allowed to get them through their
local libraries, and the local library,
acting as the borrower, should be held
responsible to the State.
Deputy State Librarian W. W. Sea
man read a paper explaining the his
tory and growth of libraries attached
to the public schools, claiming for them
an educational value.
H. Weinstock of Sacramento followed
with a paper treating of the great
value of the library to the community.
He said that the function of the pub
lic schools was to give to the pupil
the rudiments of an education and to
put him in the way of educating him
self. The free public library finished
and enlarged the education of the pupil,
and the free publio library was the
greatest of all educators.
The evening session opened with a
paper by Herbert C. Xash, librarian of
Stanford University. He advocated
the use of the State library as a depos
itory for copyrights. Under the present
copyright law authors are compelled to
deposit two copies of their works in the
library at Washington.
At the last session of Congress an
effort was made to get a bill passed es
tablishing additional copyright de
positories at Denver, Chicago, New Or
leanß and San Francisco. This was at
tacked by authors, publishers and
newspapers who misunderstood it and
thought it was an effort to get some
thing for nothing. The bill failed of
passage. It was now proposed to get a
law passed by Congress establishing
but one additional depository, and that
at Sacramento. Under this plan au
thors would not be asked to deposit
more than two books, the same as at
present, the one copy being left at
Washington and the other at Sacra
mento. If then the copyright library
at Washington were to be destroyed by
flre, the immensely valuable list of
American literary productions would
still be in existence. At Washington
the copyright library is not accessible
to the public The bill proposed to be
introduced in Congress asks that the
books sent to Sacramento be given to
the public.
William D. Armes, trustee of the
Oakland public library, read a paper
in which he said that two important
amendments should bf- made in the law.
The minimum amount to be raised for
library purposes should be fixed, and
the library trustees should not all go
out of office at once. He lampooned
the Mayor of Oakland and the Oakland
City Council for their action in crip
pling the library and reading rooms in
order that the money which legitimate
ly should have gone to the support <pf
the public library and its auxiliaries
might be expended on Lake Merritt.
The session was closed with an ad
dress by William H. Mills, in which he
treated of the educational value of
libraries. He objected to the proposi
tion to make Sacramento a copyright
depository and favored a plan whereby
instead all departmental publications,
such as those of the Geodetic and Coast
Survey and Department of Agriculture
would be collected and preserved. He
thought that such works as these would
be of far greater value .than the con
glomeration of literature ground out
under the copyrisrht laws. He opposed
the plan of circulating the books In the
State Library.
NAVAL PROMOTIONS.
List Headed by Captain Picking, Who
Will Be a Commodore.
WASHINGTON, Nov. a.— The Presi
dent has made the following appointments
in the navy:
To be commodore— Captain Henry F
Picking.
To be captain— Commander Charles J.
Train.
To be a commander— Lieutenant Com
mander Daniel Delehanty.
Lieutenants to be lieutenant command
ers—George L. Dyer. Donnis H. Mahan,
W. T. Lowe, Nelson T. Houston, Clayton
S. Rlchman, Bamuel-P. Comley, Hawley
O. Rittenhouse, Robert <;. Peck, John
Hubbard, Alex McCracken.
Lieutenants (junior grade) to be licu
tfiiants—Chester M. Knoppor, Albert M
Borcher. Frank K. Hill, Roger Welles
Ensigns to be lieutenants (junior nude)
—James W. Reid, Clarence R. Williams,
Henry A. Wiley, Frederic B. Bassett.
Herbert D. Gates. Richard Jackson.
To be passed assistant paymaster—As
sistant Paymaster John Irwin.
PROBABLY WAS MURDERED.
Body of a Rich Mining Expert Found
Near Prescott.
PRESCOTT, Nov. 25.— The body of a
supposed rich mining expert, decomposed
and unrecognizable, was found to-day in
the brush twenty-five miles from here.
It is supposed he was waylaid and killed.
AH papers and other property had been
taken from the body. The man was of
middle age and wore finely made dark
clothing with silk lining. The victim had
been dead six months.
Maimed Under Train Wheels.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 25.— Joseph
Griffin of San Francisco, aged 20, attempt
ed to board a freight train this morning at
Summit. He fell under the wheels and his
right leg was severed. He may survive.
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26. 1898.
TERRITORIAL FORM FOR
GOVERNMENT OF HAWAII
o ~ o
O NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— A Washington special to the Herald says: O
O Recommendations for the future government of the Hawaiian Islands O
O In accordance with the resolution of Congress adopted July 7, 1898, are Q
O about completed and the report is expected to be by to-morrow in its O
© final shape ready for Congress. According to my information, Hawaii O
O has presented a few obstacles to the "American members of the Com- O
O mission, Senators Morgan and Cullom and Representative Hitt, in the O
O way of its treatment as a Territory. It is not considered for the pur- O
O poses of territorial treatment any more foreign than if it were a O
O county of California. The form of government there, as well as the Q
O character of the men at the head of affairs, is considered b" the com- O
O mission as essentially American, and provision will be made at once O
O for a Territorial form of government and for a Governor after the O
O manner of New Mexico and Arizona. Senator Morgan has gone so far O
© as to declare himself in favor of the admission of Hawaii as a State O
© even now. The locai laws by the terms of the recommendations will O
© be allowed to prevail as far as possible, but a tariff policy will at once O
O be inaugurated to conform with the laws applying to this country. ©
O O
©0000000000000000000000000000000000
ANNEXATION OF
CUBA CERTAIN
Leading Islander Holds
This View.
DESIRE OF HIS COUNTRYMEN
WANT TO BE FREE FOB ONLY A
SHORT PERIOD.
Former Vice-President Capote Says
They Realize That They Must
Soon Come Under Our
I Flag.
Bpecial Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— A dispatch to
the Herald from Havana says: Domingo
i Mendez Capote, late Vice President of
i the Cuban Republic and now president
! of the Executive Commission, has ex
pressed his belief that the future of
Cuba would inevitably be annexation
to the United States. This, he said, was
the natural outcome of recent events,
but he denied that Cuban leaders had
that aspiration.
The independence which so long ani
mated the Cuban people is to be tem
porarily satisfied. They wish, for a
! short period at least, to see their own
flag waving over "Free Cuba." They
recognize that annexation will come,
and that shortly, and by the unanimous
voice of the Cuban people themselves, |
but they desire to see the cause for |
which they had fought crowned with
I the success it deserves.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— The Cuban
Commissioners who came to the United
States to offer President McKinley the
views of the Cuban leaders for the fu
ture government of the island expect
to go to Washington on Monday. Jose
R. Vlllapon, one of the Commissioners,
expressed some decided views on the
subject of the future of Cuba.
"Is the strength of the annexationists
very great?" he was asked.
"No," he replied, "and if it were It
would make no difference. The United
States has declared to the world that It
does not intend to annex Cuba. It can
do nothing but recognize our inde
pendence. In the meantime it is practi
cally governing the island, and we can
do nothing without its permission. It
could not annex us without a political
revolution, and that is impossible."
"General Nunez said that General
Fitzhugh Lee would hardly make a
good Governor of the island, as he had
formed opinions and was apparently In
favor of annexation; do you agree with
him?"
"Any gentlemanly soldier would
make a good Governor, and especially
General Lee, since he knows our laws
and customs and our traditions. A man
who knew nothing about these subjects
would hardly be acceptable to us."
"Do you anticipate that there will be
any trouble between the Cubans and
our forces when the time comes for the
occupation of the whole island?"
"There will be no trouble," he said,
after a loner pause, "if the United
States forcos behave themselves. If
they are kept under strict control, if
they are governed by officers who know
their business, we will welcome them
with open arms."
"Do you object to our troops at San
tiago because some of them are ne
groes?"
"Not at all. We have no race troubles
in our country, and many of the best
men in our army are negroes."
DIFFICULT TASK OF
NEW YORK SURGEONS
They Will Rebuild the Face of a Man
Who Was Terribly Dis
figured.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— The surgeons
connected with St. Catherine's Hospital,
in the borough of Brooklyn, have In pros
pect a task which is likely to attract
world-wide attention. John Wagenblast
a few days ago, while handling a shot
gun, blew off the front and left side of his
friro. The doctors are planning to build
him an artificial fare by what is known as
plastic surgery. The work will ' be in
charge of Dr. J. C. Kennedy, visiting sur
geon at the hospital, and Dr. James S.
Stavln, the house surgeon. Surgeon Stavin
says: » • .
"The. first step will be. to replace tne
nose by one of rubber or celluloid. We
shall draw up the skin on either side of
the new nose so that It will slightly over
lap v-e edges. . The cheekbone and the
bone over the eye will be replaced by
plates of silver or platinum. We hope to
be able to use the old roof of the mouth
without any plates and to save the teeth.
When once we get the nose and plate in
place and the process of healing has ad
vanced we will begin grafting: skin on the
bare surface. The skin we will take from
the man's thighs. It will require a long
time and much patience on the part of the
suffering man; but we hope to make a re
spectable Job for him, before we get
through. The last step .will be to replace
the lost eye with one of glass." ..
IRRITATES THE SULTAN.
Memorial Asking for Reforms May
Cause Dismissal for Ministers.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Nov. 25.— Several
of the Turkish Ministers have submitted
to the Sultan a memorial pointing out the
disturbed state of the empire and the re
forms they consider necessary. The Sul
tan is irritated at this attitude on the
p.-irt of the Ministers, and it is expected
h»- will dismiss several of them, although
it will be difficult to find substitutes who
do not favor reform.
McCoy May Come to This City.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— Kid McCoy Is
training at Asbury Park. N. J., for his
fight with Peter Maher, which is sched
uled to take place at Coney Island Ath
letic Club on December 5. He declares
that he received no Information to the
effect that It will not be held from the
management of the club.
"If Alaher fails to come to time," said
McCoy to-day, "I will go out to San
Francisco ana meet Jeffries. I have had
a very flattering offer to make a match
with him."
CARDINAL GIBBONS
ON RACE TROUBLES
Thinks a Restriction of Suffrage by
Property Qualification Would
Be a Remedy.
BALTIMORE, Nov. 25.— Cardinal Gib- j
bons, in discussing the recent race trou- ;
bles in the South, said to a representative i
of the Baltimore Sun to-day:
"In the history of mankind It has been !
observed that when two distinct races co- j
existed in the same territory one race has
always exercised a certain supremacy
over the other.
"While this principle is admitted, it Is
the manifest duty of every' patriotic
statesman and Christian to see that the
relations between the races should be
friendly, harmonious and mutually bene
ficial. The race conflicts, antagonism and
bloodshed which have recently occurred
in several States of the Union can be
largely traced to two great causes— the
one-sided and ill-directed system of negro
education and the indiscriminate and con
sequent abuse of the ballot.
"The colored race." continued the Car
dinal, "are naturally kind and gentle, af
fectionate and grateful, with religious
emotions easily aroused. But the educa
tion they are generally receiving is cal- j
culated to sharpen their mental faculties j
at the expense of their religious and
moral sense.
"It fosters ambition without supplying
the means of gratifying it. It feeds the
head, while the heart Is starving. No ed
ucation is complete that does not teach
the science of self-restraint, and this is i
found only in the decalogue and in the \
gospels. But it is hard to get a hearing 1
on the subject of popular education. We
must appeal from Peter drunk to Peter
sober.
"The abuse of the ballot-box is charge
able more to white demagogues than to
the blacks themselves. The politicians use
the negro vote for their own selfish pur
poses. I am persuaded that a restriction
of suffrage by property qualification"
would be a wise measure.
"It would be an Incentive to industry,
and as men are instinctively disposed to t
protect their own property, they will nat- i
urally vote for those rules and public offi
cers who, in their judgment, are more
qualified to protect their property from
unjust and exorbitant taxation and to I
promote the material prosperity of the j
PAINTED GERMAN TOYS
DANGEROUS TO CHILDREN
Some Interesting Information in the
Report of the Chief of the Bu
reau of Animal Industry.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— Dr. D. F. Sal
mon, chief of the Bureau of Animal In
dustry, in his report to the Secretary of
Agriculture for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1898, states in connection with the
examination of imports from Germany it
was found that German toys and colored
goods were poisonous, and all highly
painted German toys may be regarded as
very dangerous to children who may suck
off the paint or swallow the pieces that
may be chipped off.
The study of tuberculosis with refer- i
ence to both men and animals has been i
continued, and reports indicate that in in- i
cipient stages of the disease the serum is
of considerable value. This division con
templated beginning Investigations rela- I
tive to Texas fever, anthrax and other '
diseases.
The division of pathology has continued |
the experiment of dipping cattle, with a
view to destroying the ticks which spread
the infection of Texas fever, and a sub
stance has been found in which the cattle
may be immersed without suffering any
serious injury and which will destroy all
the ticks on an animal in a single dipping.
In making recommendations for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1900. Dr. Sal- |
mon asks that a sufficient appropriation |
for extending and developing foreign >
markets for dairy products of the United, i
States be made and that legislation be
sought by which the existing system of
Government inspection and certification of I
meats and meat products for export from !
the United States may be extended (with i
suitable modification) to include butter '
cheese and condensed milk.
BONES 05 A MASTODON.
Stoiy of an Interesting Find Brought
From the Klondike.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Nov. 25.— J. W.
Nee of Taeoma Is here with an interest
ing Klondike mastodon story. He says
that of a big pile of bones found on Su I
phur Creek one was a. tooth bjtween four
and one-half and five Inches lon^- and
nearly two Inches thick at the bass. An
other was the Ipr of an animal fiom the
knee to the ankle. It was five and a half
feet in length. From the ground to thlH
animal's body the distance was probably
over ten feet, the leg bone was eight or
nine inches through.
ONE OFFICE OB TWOP
Test Case to Decide as to Auditor and
Recorder.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 25.— The question
as to whether there is any such county
office as Auditor anu Recorder, or wheth
er they are separate offices, is to be tested
in the courts. King C. Brier, a short
hand reporter, claims that he received a
number of votes for tne office of Recor
der. To-day, by his attorney. Major W.
A. Anderson, he began proceedings In tho
Superior Court for a decision in the mat
ter. Mandamus proceedings were insti
tuted to compel the Supervisors to de
clare Brier duly elected County Re
corder.
BUILDING THE SHAMBOCK.
Aluminum May Be Largely Used in
the Yacht's Construction.
GLASGOW, Nov. 25.— The work of con
structing the yacht Shamrock for Sir
Thomas Lipton, the challenger for the
America cup, will be commenced during
the coming week. William Fife, the naval
architect, who is to build the racer, has
invited a firm of Essen. Germany, to sup
ply light weight nickel steel plates for
that portion of the vessel's hull below the
water line. It is believed that aluminum
will be used for the upper part of the hull
and for the yacht's fittings.
STEAMER FITZJAMES LOST.
Founders in the English Channel and
Nine Seamen Drowned.
LONDON, Nov. 25.— The local steamer
Fitzjames. bound from this port to Swan
sea, foundered yesterday morning off
Beaehby Head, in the English Channel,
during a gale. Three of the crew were
rescued. The remainder, numbering nine,
■were drowned.
Ends Life With Strychnine.
NAPA, Nov. 25.— John Edmund Crad
dock, a native of Virginia, aged 69. com
mitted suicide by taking strychnine at
bis ranch in Pope Valley.
WAS KNOWN IN
CHICAGO AS A
CAPITALIST
Armanino's Career Is
Being Exploited.
STILL DETAINED IN PRISON
CLAIMED HE WAS A WEALTHY
STEAMSHIP OWNER.
Explanation, of How the Linen of Dr.
Weigand Was Found in His
Trunk — The Latter' 3
Story.
Amadeo Horace, alias Armanlno, alias
Redeschi, the alleged swindler, who was
arrested In this city several days ago is
! still confined In the City Prison. Until
I sufficient evidence is secured against him
i the police do not intend to proceed against
! him. If he is the noted Italian swindler
I as he is believed to be Chief Lees intends
| to hold him pending the arrival of an
j officer from the East, where he is wanted
jon numerous charges of robbing
unsuspecting countrymen. In the prison
i er's trunk the police found a number of
bogus telegrams, together with a miscel
laneous assortment of fake correspond
ence. This will be used as evidence
j against him if he is taken East.
A dispatch received last night from Cni
cago states that Horace was well k.nojvn
j there as Alfred Armanino. He Impressed
those with whom he had dealings as being
wealthy and polished. He arrived in Cnl
cago on October 12, and stopped at the
"Wellington Hotel for a short time. He
I said his home was in Milan. The dispatch
further says:
"The statement of th/? San Francisco
police that Amadeo Horace, the alleged
confidence operator, has «»een identified
as Dr. J. M. Weigand, a Chicago dentist,
is an error. The police discovered among
Horace's effects some linen marked with
Dr. Weigand's name, but the latter is in
! Chicago to-night. How Horace managed
to get possession of the clothing Dr. Wei
gand does not know.
"Dr. Wvigand, whose home is at 417 Cen
ter place, says he rented apartments to
Horace, who said he was Robert H.
Armanino, representing Armanino Bros.,
lithographers, of Genoa, Italy. He de
i clared he had large interests in Chile,
| owned two steamship lines and was in
i this city to buy machinery. Dr. Weigand
says Horace was accustomed to have his
linen done up at the family's laundry, and
on one occasion, he remembers, they were
mixed. This is the only reason he can
ascribe for his name being found on Hor
ace's linens.
" 'He told me he was worth $2,500,000,'
said Dr. Weigand, '^nd desired me to
abandon my practice and go with him to
Chile. He spent his money lavishly. £c
remained with us three weeks, and on
leaving paid he was going to New fork,
where he had bought a lot. of machinery
to ship to Chile.' "
While searching the prisoner's trunk the
detectives found several pieces of linen on
: which was indelibly printed the name,
"Dr. Weigand." They concluded that the
alleged swindler was traveling under that
name, and at once endeavored to ostablish
his connection with the well-known medi
cal man of Chicago. The prisoner still
remains silent, even refusing to answer
the Questions of the detectives.
Illinoisan Dies at Pasadena.
PASADENA, Nov. 25.— James Power,
one of the most prominent residents of
Central Illinois, who came to Pasadena a
short time ago with the hope of regaining
his shattered health, died this morning at
the advanced age of 74 years. Mr. Power
had large banking Interests in Springfield
and other points in Illinois, besides own
ing several thousand acres of farming
lands in that portion of the State.
RELIC OF THE PAST.
Not by any means few in number, al
| though for the most part unknown to
j the general public, are the spots In
England where the customs and ob
i servances of far-off days are still fond
.ly cherished. One of the most interest
! ing of these is the ancient hospital of
| St. Cross, which is situated a mile to
j the south of the city of Winchester.
This charitable institution was found
ed in 1136 by Bishop Henry de Blois,
King Stephen's half-brother, and was
Intended to entirely support thirteen
indigent old men and to give a dinner
daily to 100 others. But the next Bishop
j of Winchester provided for the feeding
) of another 100 poor men, and in 1445
i Cardinal Beaufort, who then held the
j see, added to the hospital another
foundation, called the Almshouse of
Noble Poverty, and provided it with an
j income sufficient for the maintenance
I of two priests, thirty-five brothers and
| three sisters. As time went on abuses
crept in and the revenues were misap
propriated till about the middle of this
century, when the Charity Commis
sioners interfered. They made provi
sion for the residence of thirteen broth
ers of the original foundation and four
of the later, and for out-pensions in
lieu of the daily dinners to the 200 poor
men. Now the revenue is so much
greater that ten additional residents
will shortly be admitted.
Henry de Blois committed his foun
dation to the keeping of the Knights
Hospitalers of Jerusalem, and from
them is derived the distinctive dress of
the brothers who enjoy his bounty. It
consists of a long black gown, with a
silver cross on the left breast. On the
death of a brother the cross is laid
upon his coffin, from which it is re
moved at the grave, and in due course
is handed to his successor. The Broth
ers of Noble Poverty wear a cloak of
dark red cloth, upon which is an em
broidered badge. In other respects
ADVEBTI3EMENT3.
■ ■'■'■ ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■- H
L-'.j " ■ . ■ , - ■ ' ■ I.
ATurp fur Wpfllf IHpfi f "
will C IUI 11 Cull ITlwll i I
There is nothing that can restore ,—„, — „ >*^V I '<
lost energy, vitality and power as y^^i^^v r\. J,
quickly, surely and permanently as fr&asi^l %L*m. \ I
electricity, and the best means of aflsla \ \ El
DBL SANDEN'S BtJ^yL^n 2
ELECTRIC BELT. Wi \ \ - :
This is the only sure, permanent If jj^ 'j,J ""/ Jm^Msj[ ■
way to regain vigor. It has taken I JNJyWL /x^jlSw^it 1
the place of drugs, which never I JSl^J^S!^/ W.^ -vßßfiHj *
cure. Electricity is life, and re- . I
stores life to men who have lost it. L C3
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure rfffiL •■ I
you If you are weak. Read all |?&2iv J^JJj^SSa&^^^SlSA ■ i
about it in his new book, "Three |3f7\^iryv)gSfflM |
Classes of Men," which can be had l *««^' 0
free. Call or address j
DR. A. X. SANDEN, *— — ■ ■ ' —f ■
702 Market Street, Corner Kearay. Sin Pr»neiie«. • KOT IN DRUG STORES. ■
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sundays, 10 — : — -. I
to I. Brunches at Lob Angeles, Ca4.. 232 West Dr. Sanden Electric Belt .n |
Second street; Portland, Or., 233 Washington ■ Is never sold In drug stores ™ •
street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling agents; only >  I
Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte. Mont.. at our office. ■
110 North Main street. If. — — .* |
there is no difference between the two
orders.
Each brother has a weekly allowance
of 10 shillings and four cooked dinners,
a loaf of bread every morning, a house
with a large garden at the back, fuel
and extra fare on certain festivals, or
"gaudy days." as they are callefl.
These are Christmas day, Easter, Can
dlemas. Whitsunday and All Saints 1 .
And the extra fare consists of a "Ben
jamin's mess" of roast beef, baked
plum pudding and mince pies carefully
made according to an old recioe. For
merly the festal menu included "Judas'
sop," that is, slices of bread boiled in
beer and sweetened with honey. All
the corporate cooking is carried on in
the ancient kitchen, the baking being
done In a brick oven heated by fagots
and the roasting in front of the origi
nal fireplace, the meat being fixed in
a cradle resting on "does" and turned
by a smoke-jack. Here, just before
each "gaudy day" revolves and frizzles
a joint large enough to give five pounds
to every brother.
PERKINS BROKE.
"There may be some poker-playlng
nowadays, but nothing that will hold
a candle to the sort that the old-time
sports enjoyed In the days when Dr.
Crawford and "Old* Perkins were the
acknowledged kings of draw," said M.
F. Fairburn of Cincinnati at the Riggs.
" 'Perk,' as the boys called him, was j
the smoothest article that ever shuffled >
a deck, and it is related that he once
won $58,000 on a single hand, but I will
not vouch for the figures myself. Any- i
way, he had never met his match at |
poker till fate threw Dr. Crawford In |
his way. The doctor was frcjm Dublin.
Ireland, and a typical soldier of for
tune. He and Perkins met on a railroad i
train, bound for Cincinnati, and it was
not long after their acquaintance that a ■
proposition to play cards was made and j
accepted.
"Perkins was an illiterate man. He !
could neither read nor write, and the |
major part of his nose was missing — |
the resurt of a personal difficulty. The :
loss of a large piece of that organ 1
caused him to talk through his nose in
a way that was amusingly comical. His
opponent was a polished man of the 1
world and proved to be as much supe- j
rior to the uncouth Perkins at poker |
as he was socially.
"The game must have been a great
one, from all accounts, and Perkins re
sorted to every smart trick of manipu
lation that he knew, but he was out
classed and loser from the start.
"Finally he had all his remaining
funds shoved up In a pot, and Dr.
Crawford showed down the best hand,
breaking "Perk' completely. The de
feated gambler never swore an oath,
nor could any one tell from the work- 1
Ings of his face that he was the least ;
bit sore over the loss of a huge pile of j
bills.
"He looked long and with keen scru
tlng, however, into the face of the man
who had bested him, and the only
words he uttered were, 'You're tougher
than leather.' "—Washington Post.
POKER PLAYED BY A DREAJM.
"Brown always swore that he wasn't
superstitious," said Brown's friend,
"but I've seen him twist his second fin
ger around his first when he met a
cross-eyed man. and I know he has
conscientious scruples against going
under a ladder. The fact that he occa
sionally gets up and circles around his
chair three times while playing poker
may not prove anything, but any man
who will lay down a good hand on ac
count of a dream is open to suspicion,
and that's what Brown did.
"It seems that Brown dreamed one
i night of having a tilt with Smith.
Smith opened a jackpot, and Brown
just hipped him once for luck. He held
the eight, nine, ten and jack of clubs,
1 so he had chances of filling either a
straight or a flush. Smith drew one
card — in the dream — and Brown, of
course, did likewise. He pulled the
queen of clubs. Smith seemed to have
bettered, too, and they had a nice little
tilt. When Smith called he showed an
ace full to kings, and Brown woke up
just as he was raking in the pile.
"Well, it happened that a few even
ings after this Brown and Smith were
in the same game, and after a while
Brown opened a pot with aces and
kings. The rest dropped out, all but
Smith, and he raised the limit. Brown
made good, and each man drew a card.
Brown got a third ace, and Smith '
seemed to be prttty well satisfied with
his draw. Then Brown remembered his
dream. He held exactly the hand that
Smith had held in the dream, and he
broke out in a cold perspiration.
" "Dreams go by contraries,' he
thought to himself, 'and it's a cinch
that Smith has got my straight flush.'
Then he bet a white chip, and Smith i
came back at him with a limit raise, '
and the limit was pretty high. That
blooming fool Brown hesitated for a
minute and then laid down his hand
with a sickly smile. 'Your straight
flush beats my hand,' he said. 'How
did you know I had a straight flush?' i
asked Smith, surprised. Then Brown |
told about the dream, and Smith j
laughed fit to kill himself. 'There's |
your dream hand,' he said as he laid it
out- The eight, nine, ten and jack of
clubs were there all right, but the fifth
card was the seven of spades.
"Of course Brown swore, but as the
matter stands now he doesn't figure out
just where he's at. Those two hands !
came so close to the dream that he j
can't settle it in his mind whether fate
slipped a cog that once or whether he
was a chump. But I know what Smith
thinks."— New York Sun.
—
PRESERVE THE ALLIGATOR.
Since the authorities began enforcing
the game law the game all over the State
is becoming more plentiful. A similar
! law should he passed whereby the Flor
i ida alligator should he protected from the
I guns of the would-be sport, who goes
! through the country slaying them and
; leaving their carcasses to rot. An ex- ,
! change says that a hunting party of Kis
i siinmee killed 700 alligators recently and
i their remains were left for the buzzards.
' If such wholesale butchery of the Fior
', Ida alligrator is kept up the State will
t soon not be able to boast of this attract
ive saurian, which affords the Northern
tourist so much Interest. — Jacksonville
(Fla.) Metropolis.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
[7 The old-fasli-
*rfV/^ 1 1/ ii o i e d watch-
< ldtis~z\/ I jf man who
A \-^ J*i_ U I prowled about
/ V-/~~s'jJ!!^*\ e Ptreets °^
/r~*f=v (/^itV medieval Lon-
/ v 1 » V yS/i \ v!r£/ do ». v - ith a lan -
1* • A/yj /- * • kVT Sjf tern in his
\i/A)\ n) \lO& hand to pro-
l/^j\ «i-y-^tSifl claim his com-
B *Jaft-"7 TyBB ing> and who
B^\fv I V iSI !) announced
is L. «**c§rl :i: i his passage
ft, s* 'ml *H through the
M^Hl /A lE§m& touting "All's
<££// A J\)^'Hr§3 well," was a
■ flzZt vi-*v I! very inefficient
■ ' fSrj T^rL!) protector when
*.!? ir/w W^**~~» compared with
/OS Wf J/-~*^ tan police of
&s>* #»v^Sh**^ New York cit y>
'xlsrv^jj commonly
IQ IL a known as the
"^ " Finest." The
. modern . policeman does not proclaim hia
coming to the evil doer by shouting or by
i carrying a lantern. He does his work more
1 quietly and effectively than the old-fash-
1 ioned town watchman.
It is thus that in all the walks of life and
i in all occupations, times change and kuowl-
! edge and efficiency increase. In this re-
| spect medical science has kept pace with
; the advance in other lines. Physicians and
chemists have grown rapidly more skillful.
i There are medicinal preparations now-a-
I days that cure diseases that were a few
i Tears ago considered absolutely incurable.
! The final triumph in this respect is Dr.
; Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. It
was first given to the world thirty years
ago,' and has stood the test ever since that
• time. It cures 98 per cent, of all cases of
\ consumption, bronchial, throat and kindred
: affections. Thousands who were hopeless
! sufferers, and had been given up by the
j doctors, have testified to its marvelous
! merits. It is the great blood -maker and
I flesh-builder. It makes the appetite hearty,
j the digestion and assimilation perfect, the
\ liver active, the blood pure and rich with
' the life-giving elements of the food, and the
nerves strong and steady. It acts directly
on the lungs and air-passages, driving out
all impurities and disease germs. An hon-
■ est dealer will not try to persuade you to
I take an inferior substitute for the sake of a
few pennies added profit.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure consti-
pation. At all medicine stores.
t\^^^A Jp and TUMI HOSPITAL
\ \ WiiMiosXisP^ NO KNIFE or PALN
Ji iiijp^P v* No Pa y Hn? u Cur «d
&^ £^rt*^^*-^iiTa£f3^^k Any lump iu a wo-
feassgas^^^S&iesgi Oman's breast is can-
cer. The poison
quickly goes to arm-
P''" large it is too
j^F*^3s£U£Sgrf%\ late. Men's face and
il^/W^^^By^' X I flip a common place.
\j& J&-. yg s dgrJ' \ So-Page Book sent
"^^^"^^ '•■*' -^ free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scuree. No Fraud.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 23 & 25 Third St , n'R MapketSt.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
I
Strong Drink is peafli
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy lor da
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink. •
WE WVAKAXTEE FOUR BOSKS
to cure any case with a positive written «•««»*"-
*nt»e or refund the money, and to destru; mo
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
STnOnO DRInK c*"tes2l3c * " tes2I3 » i< * I*y'1 *y' Poverty
OlnUnO UnlNßand B>f>atJi. Upon receipt
of JlO-00 T73 wiLl mall you four [• } bor.es and posi-
tive ivrliten sru.-ir.-' — " to cure or refund
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Bole Art*.,
114 Kearny St., San Francisco. • y^<-',
Q Visit DH. JQRWS Great
$Sm Museum of kMmy
ftaFi^ 10611ti£2ITST.let.6tli*7t]i f S.F.Cd.
O «Jrß The kind in the World.
lfgg|l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
kll^B fm. Conioltslion fte^. Write for K»ok
H I (^Philosophy if Carriage.
ililißli
Notice Is hereby given that the first
Installment of real estate taxes, nd all
unpaid personal prope.ty taxes, \ lnclud-
ing balance due from those who have
already paid the Assessor, will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MON-
DAY, November 28, at 6 o'clock p. ml.
NO CHECKS received after SATUR-
DAY EVENING, November 26.
Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR-
DAY EVENINGS. November 25 anil
26, from 7 to 9 p. m. U . "■£.:£; \
JAMES N. BLOCK. y.' V
Tax Collector of the City and County 1
of San Francisco.
OOOOOOOCOOOOOOOCOQ
%w PALACE '■«•?
% OR AND "OTMhS •
q BAH PMAKCtOCO. ,
JJ Connected by a covered paebagewa?. JJ
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attachod. O
D All Under One Management. . O
O ROTS THE ?i-.ICKS: $
DSuropoan Plan. 8 1.00 per day and upward A
American Flan.s3.OO per day and upward *■
ft Correspondence Sollolted. 0
0 . JOSH 0. XIBSFA??.!CS, ll r issg(!.
6QQQ OOOOOOOQOQQO
MAKE PERFECT S¥SE§\!
aDO SiOT DESPAIR ! DonotSuf-
f*r Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to yon. The very
worst ewes of XcrTou> l»ebt!lt\ r.r*
absolutely cur*d by PEKt'JTTO
TAB LETS. OlTe prompt relief to In-
somnia, railing memory and thewnstd
and drain of Vital powers, incurred by
iniliirretiors or excesses of early yyars.
Impart ritror ami potency to every func-
tion. Braco up the system. Give bloom to tha
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /-* r |"\younir <-r old.
One 60c box renews vital energy £p A*jG bores at
•2. 50* complete ifunrantoid I'lireTtßgin money re-
funded. Can be carried In vest % *** l : pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by THE ritItFECTO CO., Cax'on UWg., Cl.ic-.go. Wl,
Bold tor Owl Drug Co.. Baa Fran, and Oakis.-i4.
Fn^ Cblehcatcr's En-!i»a IMr.nutil BraadL
PCblehcatcr'a Easlink I>?r.3oc<!
EHNYROYAL PILLS
B _^^v Original and Only Oei»aln<s A
/*>»TM?V sarE, »lwaj» MUble. ladies ait M\ ■
Dra?gl«» for Ckichtiter « Snylit* ZJui-jSiv,?-
fc**4£B*yfc>S\nion.i Brand la Red »ml Gold m«»!;ic\ ''jiff
J£. --^mmboxM. ««ded with bine rtbhon. Take Vy
I*l •W^, *i»Jno then Btfiue dcngtrcuM tubttttf v
I / *~ fjftiovt and imitations. At DtcggitK, er «"1 4*
I V» 'l' in stamps for parflc^lart, ••■■-lii.ioulal - »ni
\t>* £? " B«llef for t««il<s»," inlottrr, or rrt^ra
■J^ ff Me!!. . IO.COO T«tttnoo!»U. rmaiVr,
_ '■"""/ Clilo>ie»terCk(»nlc3lCo. > VndUa«fVi«»r(^
feU by »1! Loml i>ra?it<i*.i. PriTt.* «-A
«>'^*SoSs3Sfc^ e»».«I ■ H'K 6 Is a non-poisonoa>
l «S^Si*' a *^Jd3 remedy for Gonorrbfe*,
A'fi&y ;L; L " El *^3S t:; .rt, Spermatorrhoea,
JKiCjC^io Ito 5 I»jj. Whites, unnatural !;3-
Btx/f Ocu-anucd V charges, or any inflammv
BPtojl not 10 itrieiure. tioa, irritation or ulcera-
K™-«^jPr«yent» eoatagioa. tiou of 'n h com r ■ '..\-
KTIrHFEvANS CHEUIRM Ho. branes " Non-astringent.
VflE4 CINCINNATI, O PUS Sold by Oru | ' : *'
rr a , >^-1 °" «H'nt in plain wr.iDffr,
?«»>< ; J(V*4 \>? eipw.;, prepaid, fol
) V*hMcW3^B&% ! i 1 - 00 - or :l bottlcn, $2.75.
H^Bj(B^^% v ' II Circular Mat on rs^udsd
■ — -p— ~ r ~-
IWI i 6 fel ■(9 l f > gt}wririi Sj I HSB d S rl*>t
Iv«^ 1 1 IB Bmrß 1111 1 1 $1 aii I 'I- \ 3
56
SATURDAY '. .NOVEMBER 26, 1898
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS. Propriety
Address All CommunicationstoWjJS^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. p.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stev.nson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carrier* In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents 0 week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
6i> cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On* year. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE *» Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R«6t« Hoys*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9.30 o'clock.. 387 Hayes street, open until
»:30 o'clock,- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock.- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- »06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- HW. corner Twenty-***™* mad
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
California — "Northern Lights."
Columbia— "At Gay Coney Island."
Alcazar — "Imagination."
Tivoli— Zurette.
Marasco's— "ln Sight of St. Paul's."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
The Chutes— Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Ed\/ Streets, Specialties,
Glen Park— Mission Zoo. Sunday.
.- Ir.glealde Coursing Coursing.
Eutro's Baths— Swimming,
lngleside Track— Races To-day.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Charity Bazaar, Thursday, Decem-
er 1.
Rosenthal — Coming In December. _
AUCTION SALES.
\ "
By Frank W. Buttcrfleld— day, at 11 o'clock, Furni-
ture, at 902 California street.
By Wm. G. Laynsf— Tuesday, November 29, at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at 721 Howard street. _^____^_^_
OUR FIRE DEPARTMENT.
]~> EFORE the rush of Christmas trade and festivity
D absorbs popular attention, and the great Bald
win Hotel fire becomes a fading memory.it is but
right and proper that due recognition should be given
to the efficiency with which the Fire Department did
its work of fighting the flames, and the heroic cour
age and discipline with which the members fronted
the dangers that threatened them and performed their
difficult duties.
By reason of the number of wooden buildings
which exist in all parts of the city, even in the busi
ness centers, San Francisco is much in need of a Fire
Department of more than ordinary strength and
effectiveness. The danger of fire is greater with us
than with most large cities, and the mechanical ap
pliances for meeting it are not better than elsewhere.
It is upon the firemen themselves, therefore, that we
depend for most of our security from disastrous con
flagrations and our enjoyment of comparatively low
rates of insurance.
Fortunately we have abundant proofs that the Fire
Department is equal to the arduous service required
of it. At every dangerous fire evidences are afforded
of the excellence of the department as a whole, and
the hig"h standard of the men who compose it. The
Baldwin fire, by reason of its great extent, the large
number of persons whose lives were exposed to de
struction within its burning walls, and the facility
with which it might have spread to adjoining build
ings, put Jk department to an extreme test, and the
result proved anew the skill of its officers, the cour
age of its men and its efficiency as a corps.
There are many buildings in the city which, if not
outright firetnps. are still dangerously subject to fire,
and. what is vorse. other structures equally dangerous
are now in process of construction. It is upon the
Fire Department we must continue to rely for the
protection of the city from the consequences of offi
cial carelessness in granting permits for unsafe build
ings and negligence in supervising construction.
This oeiiTg so, the community is to be congratulated
on the hi^h standard the department has attained.
TJie worK accomplished in the checking of the great
fire anrt confining it to the hotel was a really notable
triumph nnd reflects credit upon all who took part in
v from first to last.
Law seems to have its peculiarities. Here is the
S*iate Supreme Court of Missouri ruling that express
companies must pay their share of the war tax levied
'by Congress. On the other hand is J. J. Valentine,
who says the express companies do not have to do
any such thing. Now, assuredly, the law means one
thing or the other, and, being of Federal origin, it
means the same in California as in Missouri. We
advise Mr. Valentine to let the Missouri court know
that it is mistaken.
The water-front caterer who nearly killed an old
man for the offense of offering 5 cents to pay for 10
cents' worth of refreshments should be grateful. He
escaped hanging, which was really more than he
would have escaped if judged according to his actual
merit.
One of the prize-fighters engaged in the recent
swindle permitted the public to be temporarily
cheered by the report that he had committed suicide.
As a matter of fact there is no particular prospect
that he will ever commit anything half so commend
able.
Apparently the latest tragedy on the yacht Chispa
i« to be iergotten. The man who was shot refuses to
appear against the man who did the shooting. Some
representative of the public ought to press the case.
At least there is the grievance against the shooter
that he did not take careful aim.
Sharkey's manager denies certain reports damaging
to his own reputation as well as to that of the precious
plug ugly by the sweat of whose jaw he thrives.
]< rally, if anybody had any reason for believing a
prize-fight promoter this might be regarded as im
portant.
Wisconsin has treated us well. In its delegation
there may be found the beauty of the Badger State
and its best brand of beer.
The twelve jurors locked in the Baldwin at the
time of the fire came to instant agreement to get out
as soon as they could.
Fitzsimmons is said to be disgusted with the fight.
It is no presumption to remark that there arc others.
The Baldwin fire brought out the fact, sometimes
lost sight of, that there are many heroes in the world.
Mr. Baldwin used to have the title "Lucky." This
Va* before the fire-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SAT I KDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1898.
A LURID JUDICIAL OPINION.
IN their search for a court willing to uphold them
in refusing to pay their war taxes, the express com
panies of the country have at last found Judge
Lacombe, who presides over a United States tribunal
in Xew York State. This eminent jurist has found
that the war revenue act authorizes carriers and
shippers to bargain as to who shall pay taxes imposed
upon the receipts issued by the former, and he can
see no reason, such being the case, why the express
companies should not make the shippers disgorge as
a condition precedent to the transportation of their
ware?.
We have before us a transcript of an opinion given
by Judge Lacombe in a recent case defended by the
United States Express Company. It shows that his
reasoning is as clear as mud He decides the case not
on its merits as presented to him, but in order that an
appeal to a higher court may be taken. "The delay
which would be incurred by taking the case under ad
visement on briefs," he says, "and holding it for
weeks, perhaps, in order to study the case and write
an opinion which, in the orderly sequence, would be
the first of three, would simply work a delay and ac
complish no good purpose, especially in view of the
fact that it is mainly a question of the interpretation
of an act according to its intent, which is always a
matter of uncertainty and sometimes leads to the most
startling results, as in the case of the Holy Trinity."
Even laymen will perceive that this is an eminently
judicial reason for writing an elaborate opinion in
which a lot of tax-shirking corporations are upheld
in evading their war burdens. Other courts are bound
to pass upon the questions involved; hence there is
no occasion for the Lacombe jurist to illuminate the
subject with his reasoning, and he naturally decides
in favor of the express companies, who, doubtless, in
tax-shirking enjoy his profound sympathy. ,
In other words, in the absence of express language
in the statute to the contrary, he has reached the con
clusion (we quote), "that the act has not prohibited
the carrier from requiring the party tendering the
goods to pay the carrier the increased cost which the
act of Congress has made the particular act of trans
portation cost of the carrier."
This is not the question at all. No one denies that
the act has failed to forbid the carrier exacting the
additional cost from the shipper. The contention in
all the cases so far has been that the statute requires
the carrier to issue and stamp the receipt. As well
might the express companies demand payment for
the paper on which the receipt is printed as for the
stamp which makes it legal. Not a word has been
said about rates by any of the half-dozen Judges who
have examined the statute and construed it against
Judge Lacombe's reasoning. The only point involved
is, who shall pay for the stamp? The statute says as
plainly as words can that the carrier shall pay for
it, and it fines him $50 if he issue a receipt without a
stamp upon it.
Eventually we do not doubt the courts of last re
sort will decide that the express companies must pay
for these stamps. In the meantime, however, there is
being forced upon the people many thousands of dol
lars in taxes which they should not be compelled to
pay. It is in evidence that the chief offender in this
vicinity, Wells, Fargo & Co., is not only unpatriot
ieally shirking its war taxes, but that it is discriminat
ing against its small customers. It stamps -the pack
ages of big shippers and pays for those used on the
newspapers.
The action of these corporations in evading their
war taxes while every other person is cheerfully pay
ing is unjustifiable and unpatriotic. Their conduct
amounts to treason. It shows that though enjoying
the nation's bounty they would not scruple to with
hold the sinews of war were its life at stake. There
is one punishment the people may administer which
will speedily bring them to time. No one should
patronize them. We do not know but withholding
support from them will ultimately become a patriotic
duty.
POSTOFFICE AFFAIRS.
LIKE all other official reports which in any way
reflect the business conditions of the country,
that of the First Assistant Postmaster General,
a summary of which has just been given to the press,
makes a highly gratifying showing. It attests the
general prosperity of the people by revealing an in
crease in the extent to which the postoffice has been
used in all departments of its service.
According to the statements of the report the gen
eral business of the department shows an increase
over that of the previous year of more than $6,000,000.
During the year there were issued 27,798,078 domestic
money orders, as against 25,169.055 in the previous
year. The amount of money carried by the orders of
the present year was $191,354,121, against $174,482,676
last year. There were 2358 new money order offices
established to meet the growing demands of the peo
ple, and, in short, in all branches of the work of
the department the prevailing prosperity of the time
has made itself felt.
The recommendations made for the improvement
of the service are numerous. The most important of
these are that clerks in postoffices be classified and
placed upon a fixed scale of salaries by a system simi
lar to that now used with respect to letter carriers;
the consolidation of postoffices, by which small offices
contiguous to a large one shall be abolished and sta
tions and substations provided in place thereof; and
a repeal of the law requiring the use of the present
form of money order and the authorization of a postal
check payable to bearer.
The latter recommendation is one which has long
been under discussion and has been generally ap
proved. The proposed postal check will be in many
respects much more convenient for general use than
the present postal order and equally safe. Moreover,
it will provide the country with an addition to its
circulating medium, and to that extent be helpful to
all classes of business.
Briefly stated, the proposed postal checks are to
be a form of paper currency issued in various denomi
nations from 5 cents to $5. On each check a space
will be provided for writing the name and address of
the person to whom the note is to be payable, the
name of the sender and the signature of the recipient.
These notes will circulate as currency, but whenever
it is desired to send one in payment of a bill the
names will be filled in, a stamp attached, and the note
will then be payable only to the person for whom in
tended. The check can be deposited at a bank or
collected at any postofficc like a postal order. Its
advantage over the present system is that of simplicity
in sending money in amounts of less than $5.
The stamp required on the check is to defray the
cost to the Government in carrying the order. As at
present outlined the plan is to require a i-cent stanip
for sums of $1 or less and 2 cents from that sum up
to $5. It is probable a bill providing for the system
will be submitted to Congress this winter, as there is
a strong support for the movement, and it is believed
the proposed checks will fill a desired service in our
financial system.
There is an Indiana lawyer who insists upon argu
ing a certain important case in rhyme. He has simply
chosen a new method of putting his feet in his mouth.
ThjE WORK OF THE SESSION.
CONGRESSMAN CANNON of Illinois, who
has recently reached Washington, is reported
to have stated that his committee will at once
begin work on the deficiency appropriation bill in or
der to have it ready to report as soon as Congress
meets. Despite these earnest efforts to expedite mat
ters, Mr. Cannon thinks Congress will not be able to
finish the work before it and that currency reform will
not be undertaken.
The appropriation bill will have to be large. "We
cannot expect," says Mr. Cannon, "the volunteers to
remain in the service on garrison duty in the Philip
pines and the West Indies, and we will have to pro
vide a regular army of at least ioo.ooo men. The ap-
propriations for the coming session will approximate
$500,000,000, and as those for the last session were
about $800,000,000, the total appropriations will far
exceed a billion dollars."
Mr. Cannon talks hopefully of the prospects of the
Nicaragua canal project. He is quoted as saying:
"The canal will be constructed, and it will be domi
nated by this Government. As the negotiations ap
pear to be slightly mixed, I do not propose to discuss
the merits of the various plans proposed or of the
different syndicates, and I am not prepared to say
what will be done, but recent events have demon
strated that the construction of such a waterway will
be begun in the near future."
The sanguine tone of that statement is encourag
ing, although it will be noted nothing definite is
pledged either as to the plan of construction or as to
the time when the work will be commenced. It would
appear that the question might be taken up at this
session. It is clearly impossible to enact a currency
reform bill until after the 4th of March, when the Re
publicans will control the Senate as well as the House.
This, therefore, affords a good opportunity for work
ing upon non-partisan measures, and the most im
portant of that class now before the country is un
doubtedly the Nicaragua canal bill.
Mr. Cannon is further quoted as saying nothing
will be undertaken at the coming session in the way
of legislation for the establishment of permanent gov
ernments for the colonies freed from Spanish rule.
"Porto Rico and Cuba," he said, "will remain under
military control for at least a year, until we can find
out what kind of a government is required and deter
mine if the people of those islands are capable of gov
erning themselves."
The high position of Mr. Cannon in Congress and
his leadership in the House give weight to these state
ments. We may, therefore, look forward to a com
paratively quiet session. Nothing will occur to dis
turb trade and industry or to arouse political excite
ments. This is a gratifying outlook. A winter de
voted to business and prosperity will be as satisfactory
as anything which this Congress with its free silver
Senate could give us, and the country will be well
pleased with it.
THE INCREASE OF GOLD.
\A OST gratifying in every respect are the
/ \ statistics of gold output and coinage and the
financial information given in the annual re
port of George F. Roberts, director of the Mint.
The increase both of the gold coinage and the gold
output for the year has been notable, and not less so
has been the advance toward the adoption of the
gold standard of value by all the great commercial
nations of the globe.
The report says the gold coinage of the world in
1898 was the largest recorded, amounting in value to
$437,/i9.342> against $195-899,517 in 1896. Of the
former sum $146,622,194 was recoinage, and approxi
mately $291,097,148, a net addition to the stock of
gold coins. The principal coinage was by the United
States, Great Britain, Russia, Germany, Austria-
Hungary, France and Japan. The extraordinary
coinage of the year is accounted for by the prepara
tions of Russia, Austria- Hungary and Japan for their
monetary reforms. In the case of Russia particularly,
gold, which has been accumulating for years, much of
it in bars, was passed through the mints to prepare it
for circulation.
Nor do the gratifying features of the report end
with this summary of what has been accomplished.
i The further information is added that great as was
| the world's production of gold in 1898, amounting to
the value of $237,504,800, and exceeding that of 1896
by $34,822,500, it is, judging by the returns already at
hand, certain that the product of 1898 will be still
! greater. The returns from South Africa for ten
l months show that at the present rate of production
its yield will exceed the yield of 1897 by $21,852,000.
The returns from Australia indicate that its product
in 1808 will exceed the product of 1897 by $10,335,000.
The increased product from Canada in 1898 is esti
; mated at $8,500,000. The increase in the United
; States can hardly fall below $5,000,000. The total of
' these estimates is $45,687,000, which, added
to the figures of 1897, would indicate a world's prod
1 uct in 1898 of $283,192,800. The product of 1891 —
$130,000,000 — will be more than doubled, and the com
! bined value of the gold and silver product ten years
i ago exceeded by gold alone.
It is to be noted that the increase of gold has been
going on at an increasing rate of progression for a
long time. The figures given in the report before us
show that stocks of gold in sight in European banks
and Government treasuries from December, 1892, to
December, 1807. increased about $550,000,000, or over
40 per cent. The stock of gold in the United States
increased in the five years $85,457,000. The increase
in the gold holdings of the banks of Australia, Can
ada and South America was about $15,000,000.
With such a stream of gold flowing into the chan
nels of trade it is not to be wondered that all enter
prising and progressive peoples are hastening to
adopt the gold standard of value, thus putting their
industries and commercial enterprises upon an equal
ity with those of the great nations. The free silver
movement has made its last struggle in finance and
in politics. This is to be a golden world so far as
money is concerned,' at any rate, and every prospect
points to the conclusion that there will be gold
enough for all.
Copious shedding of tears may not always be fruit
less, but it has never been known to restore to life
a girl who had been beaten to death. Charged with
the murder of his own daughter, Mr. Brandes might
as well remember this and shut off his lachrymal
flow.
A woman whose husband had the habit of beating
her has had the misfortune to die of the bruises the
brute inflicted. Surviving women should withhold
their sympathy. There are subjects upon which it
might be bestowed to better advantage.
Some of the curious people who stretch their necks
about the ruins of the Baldwin Hotel will never ac
quire sense by any less decisive method than a section
of wall right in the elongated neck, and even then it
would be too late for them to profit by.
Times are changing. A politician has been named
for office and has declared that he would not have it.
And this does not refer to Major McLaughljn, either.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
L. A. Richards, a Grayson lumberman,
is at the Russ.
Dr. W. P. Inglish of Vacaville is stop
ping: at the Lick.
Ex-Mayor P.. IT.l T . Steinman of Sacra
mento is at the Palace.
Fred E. Wadsworth, a prominent Treka
financier, is at the Grand.
Ex-State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of
San Juan Is at the Palace.
N. T. Murphy, a prominent Arizona
merchant, is at the Palace.
J. S. R. Arguello, an extensive San Jose
ranchman, is at the Palace.
Professor Hamilton Wallace of Stock
ton is stopping at the Lick.
Professor W. R. Dudley of Stanford is
registered at the California.
F. S. Wensinger, a well-known Freestone
ranchman, is at the Occidental.
Police Commissioner Tobin returned yes
terday from a trip to New York.
George R. Stewart, a prominent Crows
Landing cattleman, is at the Grand.
O. Y. Woodward, an extensive Sacra
mento River 'cattleman is at the Grand.
F. K. Murphey, a distinguished Lon
doner, has apartments at the Palace.
W. F. Peterson, a prominent Sacramento
candy manufacturer, is at the Grand.
Xavler de Pichon, a prominent Liver
more vlneyardist, is a guest at the Grand.
\V. P. Thomas, a prominent attorney
politician of Ukiah, is a guest at the
Grand.
E. E. Earle, a well-known Sacramento
merchant, Is a late arrival at the Cali
fornia.
J. H. Call, a prominent Los Angeles at
torney, is making his headquarters at tne
Occidental.
Chief Walter S. Moore of the Los An
geles Fire Department and his daughters
are In the city.
J. J. Hehron of Salinas, manager of the
Pacific Improvement Company's cattle
ranches, is at the Grand.
G. A. Kaiser, a prominent Illinois capi
talist, accompanied by his wife and
daughter, is at the Palace.
Lieutenant Commander Jeffe F. Moser,
U. S. N., is down from Mare Island and
registered at the Occidental.
George Alfred Gohen of Cincinnati, who
has come to take editorial management
of the Evening Report, is registered at the
California.
Charles Gorham is coming down from
Marysville in a day or two to accept the
position of assistant coiner In the United
States Mint in this city.
A party, composed of Bishop I. Moore
and Thomas Laughlin of Honolulu and
John Meagher of New South Wales, has
apartments at the Occidental.
John J. Hannan, special correspondent
of the Chicago Tribune, accompanies the
Wisconsin christening party for the pur
pose of attending to-day's launching.
At the regular weekly meeting of The
Child Study Club at the Occidental yes
terday Mrs. May L. Cheney of the Uni
versity of California read a paper on
"Literature for Children."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— M. Casey and
family, Miss Patricia Cosgrove and Miss
Katherine Diilon of San Francisco are at
the Fifth Avenue. Charles Stepp of San
Francisco is at the Hoffman. A. Kimball
of San Francisco and R. S. Robins of Oak
land are at the Cosmopolitan.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— E. W. Pren
tice of San Francisco is at the Arlington.
William Drown of San Francisco is at the
Metropolitan.
GOOD NEWSPAPER WORK.
The handling of the story of the Bald
win fire by The Call on Wednesday morn
ing was one of the finest pieces of news
paper work ever done in San Francisco.
When the fire broke out that paper was
already on the press. The editorial and
reportorial staff were just preparing to go
to their homes, the night's work being
completed. At the first alarm the entire
force was detailed to the scene of the ca
tastrophe, and so skillfully did they handle
their work that the story published in The
Call was not only far superior to any
printed in the other morning papers, but it
whs also much better than any contained
in the evening papers. The latter h;ul an
entire day in which to work up their mat
ter. The ".'.ill story was handled in con
siderably less time than an hour, and oc
eupiod an entire page.— Santa Rosa Press-
Democrat.
MOONSHINE IN CITY LIGHTING.
"Tell me this ," said the man fr*- hi
cago to the New Yorker, "who pays for
lighting your streets when it Is done?
Who is the man or corporation who holds
the Columbus avenue job? I live just off
that thoroughfare, not far from Central
Park. One reason I ask is that I think
an old friend ot mine who died seven
years ago has returned to business and
secured a contract in New York.
"His name was Baldwin. He was a
colonel in the Civil War. When Carter
Harrison the elder was first elected Mayor
he appointed Baldwin Gas Inspector, and
as long as Carter was Mayor the colonel
had the Job. He was a faithful servant.
He used to do his own inspecting on horse
back. Many a night he played the soli
tary horseman act in Chicago, riding all
night to see that the streets were prop
erly lighted or darkened, as he desired.
For there were times when it was quitte
as important to turn off the gas as It was
to turn it on at other times. One of the
colonel's imperative orders was that no
gas was to be burned in the street lamps
when there wad moonlight. If the moon
came up after, say, 10 o'clock, the street
'glims' were to be doused, or whenever it
came up, no matter what the hour might
be. And when the moon was in its tirst
auarter the lamp-lighters used to watch
It until It went down and then they
lighted up.
"There never was a man who had the
phases of the moon down as fine as Colo
nel Baldwin. Cloudy weather cut no fig
ure with him. The clouds might be thick
enough to plow in. but as long as Colonel
Baldwin knew the moon was np and at
tending to business the streets were kept
dark. For, the colonel used to say, the
moonshine was liable to break through
any minute. Chicago saved money under
old Carter Harrison's administration, out
of the moon as she was run by Colonel
Baldwin.
"But if tho colonel has come back and
has a contract in New York, he has re
versed himaelf. I find when I go home in
the morning, when the moon is at its
brightest, that tho arc llchts In Colum
bus avenue are doing their best work.
But when there is no moon, and particu
larly when the clouds are thick and
black, nary an arc light, nor any other
kind, can you find. If a New York man
has the contract, he doesn't understand
his business. If there is any moonshine
In his contract he ought to stand in. with
the moon the same as old Colonel Bald
win did, in the interest of the treasury
and for the benefit of the populace." —
New York Sun.
KICK-OFF BY A LORD CHIEF
JUSTICE.
Lord Russell of Klllowen. the Lord Chief
Justice, attended the County At.aetic
Ground, Herne Hill, for the purpose of
performing the opening function of the
London Irish Rugby Football Club (Ham
mersmith being the opponents). There
was a very large attendance. Lord Rus
sell of Killowen was met by G. Rowland
Hill, honorary secretary of the Rugby
Union, who introduced his lordship. Lord
Russell briefly acknowledged the compli
ment and then proceeded to the field find
kicked off the ball amid cheers. — London
Chronicle.
CHUBCHES WITH CLOAK ROOMS.
Reference was recently made to a cler
gyman who was having a cloak room pro
vided for his church, aa being "up to
date." It is Interesting, however, to know
that he 1b not the only example of an up
to-date parson. The Rev. Charles M.
Gale in his appeal for funds for the per
manent church of St. Savior's, West St.
Leonards, states that the plans embody
arrangements for cloak rooms, etc.
He considers it altogether behind the
times that a church should be about the
only public building where, one seema to
be expected to sit inconveniently in d&fnn
or wet clothes, and where no provision
is made for natural indisposition or for
the infirmities of age.— London Mali.
BIRTHDAY GIFTS TO HIS WIFE.
A birthday dinner that breaks all rec
ords so far as Denver is concerned, was
given at the Palace Hotel there recently.
The cash represented alone foots up. to
nearly $100,000, and the prospects em
bodied in a few deeds to a wealthy mine
in Boulder County brings the gifts up to
half a million.
The host was the millionaire capitalist
of Cincinnati, Ohio, Herman E. Llair.
The magnificent gifts were made to his
wife Mrs. Cornelia Blair, one of the so
cial 'leaders of the big city on the Ohio
River. Among the guests around the ta
ble were Judge Miller Outcalt of Cincin
nati, law partner of Senator Foraker. and
Colonel W. A. Thompson of the Boston
Lyric Company.
Glasses were lifted in a toast to Mrs.
Blair, when something glittered in a vel
vet box as Mrs. Blair was presented with
a $700 marquise ring. But that was not
all. "For pin money." explained the mil
lionaire, as he handed his wife a bund c
of papers. On top was a check payable
to Mrs. Blair, and bearing the figures
$10 000. The package contained deeds to
the Little Alice mine, a property valued
at $500,00-3, and probably more.— Chicago
Tribune.
PHANTOMS ALL.
Camo, all you Bailors of the southern
waters,
You apparitions of the Spanish main,
Who dyed the jeweled depths blood-red
with slaughters,
You things of crime and gain!
Come, caravel and pinnace, on whose
daring .
Rose the low purple of a new world s
shore;
Come from your dreams of desperate sea
faring
And sun your sails one© more.
Build up again your stately height,
storm-harried
Santa Maria, crusted with salt stains;
Come quick, you black and treacherous
craft that carried
Columbus home in chain*!
And out of all your angry flames and
flashes.
Proud with a pride that only home
ward yearned,
Swim darkly up and gatfier from your
ashes
Your ships that Cortes burned!
Come, prows, whence climbing into light
defoe
Undazzled Balboa planted o'er the plain,
Th« lonely plain of the unguesPed Pacific,
The standard of great Spain.
In Caribbean coves, dark vanished ves
sels,
Lurking and hiding thrice a hundred
years,
Figure again your mad and merry
wrestles,
Beaks of the buccaneers!
Come, you that bore through boughs of
dripping blossom,
Oregon with his headsman and his
priest.
Where Limousin with treasure in his
bosom
Dreamed, and in dreaming ceased.
Barks nt whose name to-day the nursling
shivers,
Come, with the bubble-rafts where men
swept down.
Along th- foam and fall of mighty river 6
To sack the isthmiam town!
Through dusky bayous known in old ro
mances
In one great furtive squadron move, you
host
That took to death and drowning those
free-lances.
The Brethren of the Coast!
Come, Drake, come, Hawkins, to your sad
employer.
Come, L'Olonnois and Davila, again.
Come, you great ships of Montbar the De
stroyer,
Of Morgan and his men!
Dipping and slipping under shadowy high
lands,
Dashing in haste the swifter fate to
Come from your wrecks on haunted keys
and islands,
Cervera's valiant fleet!
Galleons, and merchantmen, and sloops of
O silent escort, follow in full train
This passing phantom of an ancient glory,
The Navy of Old Spain!
—HARRIET PRESCOTT SPOFFORD in
The Criterion.
A BALL AT BALMORAL, 1860.
"Nobdy was in mourning, as it was a
birthday, the Queen in white, with a
floating sash of royal Stuart tartan from
her shoulders; about half the men in
kilts. The Queen made a circle, and then
we went into the oallroom, where about
a hundred and fifty of the tenants, ser
vants, etc., with their wives and their
daughters, were assembled. Reels then
began, which were danced with great en
ergy, and also jigs— very droll. Prince
Arthur danced like mad, and Princess
Alice was 'weel ta'en out' by th» game
keeper. I stood in a corner talking with
the Duke of Argyll, etc. At last the
Prince came around and conversed very
courteously for ten minutes. He nad
heard I had been in Germany lately, so
we soon got into the heart of German and
Austrian questions.
"All this lasted two hours, and then the
Queen withdrew into the supper room,
where there were sandwiches and cham
pagne. She went around again, and talk
ed to Lord Melville, behind whom I was
standing, and then made me a very gra
cious bow, but without saying anything
to myself."— Memoirs of Henry Reeve.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A FIVE-CENT PIECE— E. A. H., City.
A 5-cent piece of 1837 does not command a
premium.
BANK IN LIQUIDATION— M. If., <Mty.
The California Savings and Loan Society
suspended September 28, 1894.
BIRTHDAY GiFu— B. T., City. A per
son sending a bunch of flowers as a birth
day gift should send it accompanied by
the sender's card, with a short congratu
latory message thereon.
COLONEL SMITH— B. T.. City. Colonel
James P. Smith, commanding the K'irst
California Regiment of Volunteers, was
engaged in the practice of law in this- city
when ho tendered his services to the
United States in the war with Spain.
LIFE OF A NOTE— P. O. 8., Virtalia,
Cal. A promissory note outlaws after six
years In Colorado. In California it out
laws in four years if executed within the
State, and in two years if executed outside
of the State.
BANK COMMISSIONERS— M. M., City.
The Bank Commissioners of the State of
California are appointed by the Governor
for a term of four years. The pay of each
of the three Commissioners is $3600 a year
and that of the clerk of the board is
$2400.
ULSTER COUNTY GAZETTE— M. C.
8., Berkeley, Cal. The copy of the Ulster
County Gazette, January 4. 1800, which
you have is one of a million fao-slmiles
of an original. They were published in
New York In lSfi3, and sold for 25 cents
a copy. It has no value.
COST OF WARS— C. T. S., Red Bluff,
Cal. The Revolutionary War cost the
United States $1."^.19:{."63; the war of 1812.
! $107 159,003; the Mexican War, $100,000,000;
and the War of the Rebellion. $6.1X9,922.
900. This does not include the amount of
pensions paid In connection with each
war.
NATIONALITY-^. C. P.. City. "A boy
born of a Scotch father and of a mother
j born In California of Irish parentage" Is
j a Californian, or In other words, a native
lof the United States. He could not be a
Scotch boy. as nationality is fixed by the
i plane in which the individual is born, but
if the father had never been a citizen of
the United States, the boy, when he
reached the age of 21. could elect whether
he would be a citizen of the United States
or adopt the citizenship of his father.
CITIZENSHIP— J. C. P., City. A man
cannot be a citizen of two countries at
one and the same time. He could not
as an American citizen go to Scotland, re
main In that country long enough to exer
cise the rights of an elector and then re
turn to the United States, and without be
coming a citizen anew, assume the rights
of an elector. In such a case by becom
ing a resident of Scotland and exercising
rights of a citizen there ha renounced
his United States citizenship and when, he
returned to the United States he was as
much an alien, in law, as any other for
eigner just landed.
AN IMPRESSION— B. S. C., Cordelia,
Cal. The best impression of a human
hand to be obtained fur the purpose of
palmistry is to have it photographed,
normal size. That will reproduce- exactly
all the linos and enable the reader to
form a correct opinion, according to the
rules of that science.
INDIAN TREATlES— Subscriber, Elk,
Cal. By an act of February 16, 1883, all
treaties made and entered into by the
Slsseton, Wapeton, Medawakoneon and
Wapekuta bands of Sioux or Dakota'ln
dians were declared abrogated and an
nulled so far as any of sucn treaties pur
ported to impose any future obligation on
the United States, for having- made un
provoked aggression and a most savage
war upon the United States, and mas
sacred men, women and children in the
State of Minnesota in 1862.
OFFICIAL. FIGURES— P. W. T., Sacra
mento and others in City. This depart
ment has not the space to publish the
names of the Assemblymen elected at the
late election nor the vote cast for each
candidate in a stated Congressional dis
trict. The official figures will be ready in
a few days, and then the names and fig
ures will be given in the news department
of the San Francisco Call, vv'ithout such
figures this department, if it had the
space, could not give the figures, asked
for.
GAS— E. C. 8., Lockford, San Joaquln
County, Cal. The answer recently given
in this department was furnished by an
expert on acetylene gas. Another ex
pert, this one on coal gas, writes to say
"that gas is measured by the cubic foot
of 1728 cubic inches and is compressed
when measured by th© weight of a column
of water from four to two and a half
inches high. This small compression
amounts to a trifle only, but is in favor
of the customer. The ordinary gas meter
will measure acetylene gas and can _be
purchased from several firms in San
Francisco."
COPPER COINS— Mrs. M., Oakland.
Cal. A large copper cent of 1814 sells for
40 cents, and one of 1846 for 5 cents. A
copper coin having on the obverse a
horse's head above a plow, the date un
derneath the plow and the words 'Nova
Caesarea, and on the reverse a shield
with the motto, ' di Pluribus Unum," is a
coin that was issued ,in New. Jersey in
1786, 1787 and 178 S. For a coin of the date of
1786, having on it the plow without coul
ter, from 20 to 50 cents is offered; for one
of the same date with the date under the
beam of the plow from $15 to $25 Is of
fered, and for one of 1788 with the horse s
head to the left from 50 cents to $1 is of
fered. The coins must be in fair or good
condition.
LIFE-SAVING SERVICE— F. V., Point
j San Luis, Cal. Appointments in the life
] saving service are obtained after an ex-
I amination under the civil service rules, if
the applicant passes successfully. The
application must be made upon a blank
furnished by the Commission, which may
be obtained from the superintendent or
any life-saving district or the keeper of
any life-saving station. The applicant,
must be a citizen of the United States, not
under 18 nor over 45 years of age; not less
! than 5 feet 6 inches in height; not less
than 132 nor more than 200 pounds in
weight; must reside in the district in
i which he seeks employment, and not more
than five miles inland from ocean, bay or
sound shore, and must be able to read and
write the English language. Applicants
should write or apply in person to the su
perintendent or keeper of the nearest life
saving station for application blanks and
information about the method of grading
papers and filling vacancies. The salaries
j are: Superintendent, $1800; keepers, $900,
I and surfmen, $60 per month when em
ployed.
ROBIN ADAIR — A correspondent of
this department furnishes the following
concerning the authorship of "Robin
Adair," the well-known song: "Robert
Adair was born in Ireland in 1715, was
educated as a surgeon, and practiced in
Dublin, but leaving there went to Eng
land. While on a road near Holyhead
an accident occurred which led to his be
ing called "the fortunate Irishman." The
carriage of a lady of fashion Was 'over
turned.' Adair went to the tody's anelst
ance and at her request accompanied her
to London, where she paid him a fee of
one hundred guineas and invited him to
call at her house. There he met Lady
Caroline Keppel, second daughter of the
second earl of Albemarle, and sister of the
celebrated Admiral Keppel. She fell in
love with Adair at first sight, but rela
tives and friends were set against him.
They did all they could to break up tne
match, even sending Lady Keppel away
bo they could not meet. It was a useless
task, for she fell into a decline, and when
this was noticed all opposition was with
drawn and she married Aoair, bore him
three children and was happy with x her
husband until her death. It is said that
while at Bath she wrote the words of the
song which she set to an old air she ad
mired Adair became the favorite of
George 111 and he was made Inspector of
the military hospitals, surgeon general
King's surgeon general and surgeon or
the Chelsea Hospital. He did not marry
again and died in 1790. His only son, Hon.
Robert Adair, K. C. 8., died at the age of
92 years. _ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
■m ■ :
Onyx tables, lamps, globes and shades;
best stock; best values at Sanborn &
Vails. ______ - _^___ . . *
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ • ■
"I see," said the Cumminsville Sage,
"that there are three varieties of dogs
that never bark; but I never had the luck
to sleep next door to on© of them; never
yet."— Cincinnati Enquirer. .r,- - ;
■ m ■
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the great
South American tonic. Imparts a delicious fla
vor; cures Dyspepsia. Diarrhoea, Fever A Ague.
Fob dyspepsia, colic arid eihauntlon, no remedy
lite PABKEB'fI WXUEB Tonic. . ?'.? '. . ! ,:;/; |
I'ark Hair Balsam Is life to thehalr.
■ m »■ .■' " .
Customer— Do you think* this medicine
will have the desired effect? ..-. : >
Druggist— yes; I'll guarantee It to
work like a charm. " . ~:
Customer— But I have no faith .In
charms. ' . ••.' . _ , _-■ ; , -■-
Druggist— Neither have I.— Chicago
News. - "'
ADVEE-TISZMENTS.
JUST AS NATURALLY J
As pansies turn toward the sun :do
lovers of fine faundry work send their
bundles here. They have tried us and
have never found our work wanting.
No "saw-edges" to provoke anger, no
torn-out buttonholes to cause annoy-
ance.
What we've achieved with them is
easy to do for you.
The United States Laundry, office*
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS!— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $S week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; it
and cold water every room; flre grates in' every
room; elevator runs all night.OFFICIAL VOTE
FOR SUPREME
COURT JUDGES
Majorities Given by
All the Counties.
MAJOR M'LAUGHLIN'S WAGER
SAYS HE FINDS IT A GREAT \
SOURCE OF COMFORT.
He Desires to Have It Understood
That He Is Still the Friend
of His Friend, W. W.
Foote.
The official vote cast In all of the
counties of the State for Justices of
the Supreme Court has been collected
and tabulated by the Associated Press.
A comparison of the vote with that cast i
for Governor and Secretary of State j
will no doubt prove interesting and in
structive to those concerned in the re
sults of the late election. The list of j
counties published herewith is complete j
with the single exception of Nevada I
County. The missing county gave Gage
a majority of 606. and Curry a majority
of 454. The vote of San Francisco j
County is unofficial, but may be con- j
sidered as subject to little or no change. j
The vote by counties for each of the ;
four candidates for Associate Justice of
the Supreme Court is given herewith.
COUNTIES.
I
3
a
2
i
2
2_
o
3
y
9
3
H
r
a
Alameda •
Alpine
Amador •
Batte • •
ralarerM |
Col ana • . •
Contra Costa
Del Norte
El Dorado
Fresno ................••••
Glenn
Hamboldt
'Injo
'Kern
KInRX
I, like
I,aKsen .................
Los AnsclM
Mndera
Marin
Mnriposa
Mendoclno
Merced •
Modoc
Mono
Monterey •
>'apa • j
Nevada. • '
Ornngre i
Placer j
PI ii nt ......•••• • j
Riverside ........••••..•••••• :
Sacramento ..............••••"••••!
San Benito
San Bernardino !
San DteKo i
San Francisco j
San Jonqnin ............••«••«•••••
San Luis Oblsno
San Mateo
Santa Barbara
Santa Clara
Santa Crnr.
Shasta
Sierra
Slslilyou
■ Solano
Sonoma
Stanislaus
Sntter
Tehama •.
Trinity
Tnlare
Tnolnmne ...........•••••
Ventura • •
Yolo
Yaba ' j
9.341 !
40
958
1.705
1.220
555
1,648
258
1,060
2,122 :
450 j
2.. -.so
353
1,032
«7«
452 j
390
11,004.
423
1,033
342
1,589
518
242
238
1,459
1,374
i
i
i
8,371
• 4O
9.3
1.731
1,109
524
1,423
252
989
1,964
412
2.392
341
1,028
«45
470
425
10,781
4OS
1,018
339
1,456
452 |
27^>
2445 !
1,407
1,470
7,819
2O
1,012
1.905
1,152
609
1,172
229
1,311
2,718
003
1,708
424
1,201
759
683
308
8,400
775
824)
713
1,027
1,154
528 •
2OS
1,741
1*376
5,190
19
1,123
• 1,807
1,120
898
1.213
21 0
1,13S
2.835
053
2,030
4SO
1,774>
770
840
418
13,149
.->?><;
8417
ens
1,801
843
405
ms
1,047
! 1,271
i
1,497
1,773
517
1,070
4.040
495
2,140 i
2.818 I
21,050 '
2,838 j
1.208 !
1.032
1,459
5,411
1.743
1.1 04
SGO !
1,240 I
2.102
3,300
757
720 |
845 !
402 i
1,369
859 !
1,281 !
1 ,288 1
057 i
|
!
I
i
!
" 1,442 |
1.708
."•OS
1.G40
4.45241
458
2.4»4!»
2,715
20,309
2,000
1,287
1,054
1 ,443
5,200
1.521 ]
1,19]
502
1,181
1.928 |
3,175 I
808 j
«{.!<» ;
802 !
495 I
1,255 |
797 !
1,151 I
1,225
074 i
I
:
:
I
!
!
|
I
!
i
!
;
!
1,277
1,710
444
9HO
2.84
039
2.1 44>
2,4 5O
25,403
2,958
1,551
901
1,299
3,854
1.749
1,039
332
1 .245
2,047
2,879
817
037
839
454
2,098
1,247
1,254
1 .459
787
■
1.503
-1,388
4«i<t
1,301
O — «»■»
2/rsa
702
2.242
2.930
23,G98
2.803
1,494
83S
1,402
4,385
1,891
1,881
417
1,509
2,031
3,150
1,280
583
1,047.
484
2.122
1,102
1,100
1,328
870
Total* I
111.063
ior,.2<»f>
108.908
115,592
The particulars of the wager made by
Majnr Frank McLaughlin and W. W.
Foote, published in these columns yes
terday, caused no end of comment
among the many friends of both gen
tlemen. It will be remembered that the
wager required the loser to purchase
for the winner a $500 outfit of clothing.
Had it not been for the fact that tho
Major was so sure of winning that he j
ordered the fine raiment for himself in j
advance and now finds himself on the j
losing end and therefore in honor j
bound to pay for a similar outfit for Mr. ,
Foote the matter would have passed
without particular notice. ;
But his worst enemy never accused i
the Major of being a "hard loser, and
he like a true philosopher, is now busy i
extracting what satisfaction he may
from the condition in which he finds
himself The course of his philosophy ,
may be traced in the following inter
view had with him yesterday on the
subject of the wager:
••I do not feel so badly about this
thing as some people seem to think. Of
course, if Gage's majority does not
reach 20,000 I will stand to the agree
ment and purchase for my friend Foote
a $500 outfit of clothing. I will be the
more willing to do so because— well. I
will not say that he needs it— but im
agine Billy Foote on the inside of a $500
outfit of clothing. Talk about your
dudes. .. .
"It isn't every one that knows it, but
it is true that the outcome of this
wager will be some small consolation
for my friend, because, you see, I have
derived much comfort and enjoyment
from the wearing of a similar outfit |
•which he purchased for me Immediately ■
_-ter the election of 1896. Foote is t. :
«©od fellow, but you know it hurts
some people to see other people wear- !
mr; clothes which they had paid for.
Now, I am not that way. It is a real
pleasure for me to purchase clothing
for my friends, particularly so if by so
doing I can improve their personal ap
pearance and make them presentable.
Not that my friend Foote is not always
presentable— l would not for the world
have you think that I mean it in that
way — but th»-rt' is a certain air, you
know, that real good clothes— those
made by tailors, I mean — give to a man.
That is why, as I say, I am more than
pleased to grasp this opportunity to do
a kind action without giving offense.
He's such a good fellow, too.
"As for the visit he contemplates
paying me at my home in Santa Cruz
when he gets his new clothes I can
only say that I shall be more than
pleased. I now see why he has re
frained from visiting me In the past.
You see how it is, do you not — and
why I take so much pleasure in paying
this particular wager?
"What's that? Oh, about my order
ing the outfit for myself when I
thought that I was the winner? That
Is a mere bagatelle— a monthly, I might
say weekly, occurrence. I had to have
the clothes anyway and as I never wear
any other kind you can readily see that
there is really nothing in that to cause
even the most casual comment.
"Yes, as I said before, it will be a
real pleasure to make good the wager
which I made with my friend Foote."
HUFFMAN-WHITE WEDDING-.
The Bride Wore a Beautiful Veil Two
Hundred Years Old.
The .marriage of Miss Mary Huffman of
this city and Espie A. White of Marys
vllle took place on Wednesday evening
at the residence of the bride's parents at
2100 Broadway. The ceremony was sol
emnized by Rev. George Lyons of Hay
wards, assisted by Rev. liobert Macken
zie.
While the contracting parties have a
large circle of friends the number of
guests was limited to one hundred on ac
count of a recent death in the family.
Mr and Mrs. C. H. Huffman, parents
of the bride, converted their home into
a bower of beauty for the occasion.
The bride was attended by her sister.
Miss Caroline Huffman, and William
B. Swain of Marysville was the best man.
Oi«e of 'he features of the occasion was
that the bride wore a beautiful bridal
veil thai once served a similar purpose
for a relative four generations (or 200
years) ago. Mr. and Mrs. White received
many beautiful presentß and one especial
ly was particularly acceptable— an ele
gantly furnished home in Marysville. This
was a gift from the groom's parents.
CLOSING OF BACON PLACE.
Judge Conlan Determined to End the
Immoral Traffic.
Twenty-nine women who were arrested
some time ago by Secretary Kane of the
Society for the Suppression of Vice for
being inmates of houses of ill fame on
Bacon place were in Judge Conlan's court
again yesterday morning. Attorney Ach
appeared as counsel in chief for the de
fendants and asked for a jury trial in
The Judge admitted that the defend
ants had the right of trial by jury, but
said it would almost be Impossible at mis
season of th<> year to get a jury together.
•'This business," said the Judge, "must
be stopped. The residents in that locality
want a park there, and they have peti
tioned me as Presiding Judge of the Po
lice courts to close up these houses. Ihe
Mayor has promised me all the support
in his power, and if the Board of Super
visors and police will not -close them up
I am determined to do so."
Secretary Kano was in court and the
Judge told him that if the women per
sisted in keeping their places open he
would be ready at any time, either during
the day or night, to sign warrants for
their arrest. After some discussion the
cases? were continued till next Wednesday
morning, to be set.
Eighteen Jane Doe warrants were issued
for the arrest of ,the occupants
of the alley dens and last night
Secretary Kane and Police Officer
Clark served them. The women were
i locked up at the California-street station
charged with vagrancy. Their bail was
placed at $500 cash or $1000 bonds.
« ♦ »
If You Want
To get all the social and dramatic news,
if you want the latest gossip of the
service, if you want to read the roasts
of public men and the stories on local
characters, if you desire to know the
value of the Philippines— in fact, if you
take an interest in the passing show,
don't fail to get a copy of to-day's
News Letter.
; ' ~*~ — :: — —
THE EL DORADOS.
They Hold Ladies' Night in the Na
tive Sons' Building.
L.ast night the banquet hall of the Na
j tlve Sons' building was crowded to Its
i limit by the friends of Xl Dorado Parlor
I of the Native Son 3of the Golden West
who wore present to attend ladies' night
i under the auspices of the officers of the
parlor. For the entertainment of all there
was offered a programme that had for its
special features vocal solos by Mrs. Burns.
J.-irk Tathcart and T. Panzini; exhibition
of fancy dancing. Miss isisie Callaban; se
k-ctions on the piano, Mr. Btennejrer; spe
cialties, Frank Poole and Louifl Folk, and
guitar solo. Mr. Herrlck. After that fol
lowed a programme of eight dances and
the serving of ice cream. The pleasant af
fair was managed by D. D. Lowney, I,ew
Mayer, G. C. Ounther. J. G. Joly, W. J.
Guinnane. P. P. Maussang, Dr. Browning.
J. ('. Mclntyre. E. Strocker. I>. Folk and
T. Carey, With Frank A. Smith as floor
manager.
Baldwin Hotel Lot.
Bids wanted for tearing down all walls,
chimneys, etc; remove all debris. Bids
must state time required, and state price
for purchase of all bricks, iron and build-
Ing material. Owner reserves all plate
glass ;ind personal property. Address all
bids before Tuesday, November 29, 1898,
to Madison & Burke, G2G Market street. •
Bed Cross Notes.
The San Francisco Red Cross Society
during the past two weeks has assisted
sixty-three sick or discharged soldiers
to obtain reduced rates to their homes
and has put them ■ aboard trains when
they were not able to take care of them
selves. This committee has done excel
lent work and only assisted those who
could not get home otherwise. The libra
ry at t!?e division hospital is doing good
service and giving thes6%iiers who are
convalescent an opportunity to receive
donations of newspapers and magazines.
Supplies of stamps and writing material
•will always be welcomed from the pub
lic. A beautiful fan which- has been do
nated will be raffled f or ; the. benefit of the
society, and tickets are for sale at head-
Quarters.
■ - ■ m « ' i ...
Don't forget German Mother"* . Syrup cure*
your child* cough. . Better try ; it. • ■ 15c. --• ■ ..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1898.
ASPIRANTS FOR
OFFICIAL FAVOR
Govern or- Elect Gage Speaks
Frankly on the Subject
of Appointments.
HENRY T. GAGE Governor-elect, accompanied by Mrs. Gage, and
their little daughter Lucille, arrived from Los Angeles yesterday
morning and went to the Palace Hotel. Many aspirants for politi
cal favors were at the hotel shortly after Mr. l.a ß p s arrivßl and
sought to advance their chances of success by personal interviews
with the Governor-elect. . .
Mr. Gage was at all times accessible to callers, and throughout the day
met many of his personal friends and supporters. He spoke frankly and
without reservation concerning his course with reference to appointments.
To a fall reporter he said: , _ -.. ... 
"The statement wired from Los Angeles and published in this city to
the effect that I had made a selection for the office of adjutant general is
not correct Of course no appointments can be made by me until I occupy
the office of Governor. My purpose to appoint W. I. *oley my private sec
retary has been publicly announced. I have made a selection for the posi
tion of executive secretary, but for reasons of my own have not declared
mv choice in this respect. Beyond these two appointments, which are in
a forise personal, nothing has been settled or indeed considered
Speaking further on this topic the Governor-elect said: I shall care
fully consider all applications and petitions filed, and desire it to be under
stood that petitions will not be slighted. I shall endeavor to select from
the list of applicants the men who are the most capable and best fitted to
serve the State. I am not hampered by pledges or promises and being
free to "elect men with regard to their general ability ai. . special fitness,
I can Bay that all applicants now stand on an equal Plane.
"I shall not take un the subject of appointments until I return to Los
Angeles and may not do so until after my inauguration. This visit is one
of pleasure, not of business. I came here according to a promise made o
Irving M Scott several weeks ago to attend the launch of the battleship
Wisconsin at the Union Iron Works. The visit also affords me opportu
nity to express in a slight measure, to personal friends my Bense of
latitude for the support given to me by the snlendid city of San Fran
cisco."
REPUBLICANS
MAY HOLD A
CITY PRIMARY
An Appointed Delega
tion Not Desired.
TOO SUGGESTIVE OF BOSSES
NO MORE COMMITTEE OF TWEN
TY-ONE.
Tactics of Two Years Ago Were
Not Such a Success as to
Be Favored Next
Spring.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. zo.
It is more than probable that the Repub
licans will at the next city campaign re
turn to the party method of forming a
convention and hold regular primaries
Already many of the prominent men in
the party have decided that this is the
proper course to pursue and that appoint
ed delegations are too suggestive of bosses
and manipulation to invite public conn-
C T\vo years ago through some arrange
ment never fully understood by the people
the Republican City Central Committee
delegated its power to a mysterious Com
mittee of Twenty-one. This committee
was composed of three people from each
of the seven wards. The committee then
named the 140 delegates of whom the con
vention conosisted. There was much op
position to this plan, but it was so adroit
ly carried out that not until the water
companies showed their hands a year
later was the purpose of this un-Republl
can combination thoroughly understood.
"There is only one way to secure a rep
resentative convention." said a prominent
Republican to-day. "We should hold pri
maries and give everybody an opportunity
to have something to say. The Republi
can majority in OaklanS should be n a V
id on municipal matters as it is in btate
and county matters, and we want no more
appointed conventions/because we do not
believe that any committee is as able to
name representative delegates as the peo-
Pl !ls3ffi& names are being exploit
ed it can hardly be said that as yet there
fs any special candidate for any office.
There are to be elected next March a
Mayor, City Engineer, City Attorney,
Treasurer Auditor, eleven Councilmen.
flev-n School Directors and five Library
Trustees The chief interest naturally
centers in the three officers first named
for they constitute the Board of Works and
absolutely control the street fire police
city wharf and health departments This
immense patronage has in the past had
more to do with the election of these three
officers than their merits for their re»-
PC W A°Sow'has already stated that he
would like another term as City Attorney,
and so far no other candidate has ap
peared. For City Engineer Monte Cement
has no objection to succeeding himself,
while Arthur Wilson, who once held the
office, Marston Campbell and L. H. Car
ver have said they would like to succeed
Clement. Treasurer Gilpin will have
opposition, and if Auditor Snow should
run for Mayor there will have to be a
new Auditor. y _ „
Undoubtedly most of the Councilmen
would like to succeed ' themselves, but
there will certainly be many changes, for
it Is not likely that in casting ballots for
city fathers the voters will entirely forget
the records of the past two years.
The Republican City Central Committee,
consists of: First Ward, C. F. Wagner;
Second Ward, W. F. Lake;. Third Ward.
George F. Meredith; Fourth Ward, M. D.
-Merritt: Fifth Ward, Dr. Carlton; Sixth
Ward. Dan Doody; Seventh Ward, Judge
Williams, chairman. i
A meeting of the committee will be
called some time next month to discuss
the outlook for the spring campaign.
A LITTLE CAUCUS.
Republican Assemblymen of This
City Hold an Informal Meeting.
An Informal caucus, or conference, to
promote acquaintance, was held by Re
publican Assemblymen-elect of the San
Francisco delegation at the Union League
Club on Wednesday evening. H. C. Dib-
ble was elected temporary chairman. Tho
following attended: C. F. KenneaHy,
Twenty-ninth District; L. A. Devoto,
Thirtieth; W. H. Cobb, Thirty-fifth; W.
H. Rickard, Thirty-eighth; H. Miller, For
tieth; H. C. Dibble, Forty-first; L,. A. Hen
ry Forty-second: F. Lundqulst, Forty
third- M H. Barry. Forty-fourth, and Eu
gene Sullivan, Forty-fifth District.
The caucus resolved by unanimous
vote to support for speaker of the Assem
bly Howard E. Wright of the Fifty-first
It is said that the subject of United
States Senator to succeed Stephen M.
White was not mentioned at the caucus.
On general principles it was agreed that
the delegation should work in harmony
and vote as a unit. Another caucus will
be held to elect a permanent chairman of
the delegation.
Helpers of Zion.
A very successful meeting was held on
the 23d inst. at B'nal B'rith Hall under the
auspices of the "Helpers of Zlon." Rabbi
Isidore Myers, president of the society,
and Rabbi M. S. I^evy, secretary', and Rev.
Dr. Mosessohn gave an account of the sec
ond congress held recently at Basle, and
of the general progress made by Zionism
all over the world.- Mrs. Isidore Myers in
an interesting address explained the ob
jects of Zionism. Several songs were sung
by A. Cohnrelch and Mrs. Tenny, one of
her songs being, "Dreyfus' Morning
Prayer on Devils Island," recently com
posed by the late Max Kary. Profes
sor Stewart acted as accompanist. During
the evening several selections were played
by the band of the Jewish Orphan Asy
lum.
■ ♦ .
HARRISON'S PICTURES.
Twenty-Three Canvases Now on Ex
hibition at the Art Institute.
Alexander Harrison, the great marine
painter, has at present a small collection
of his pictures on exhibition at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art.
These works are the grandest and most
surprising examples of the painter's art
that have been exhibited in San Francisco
in many a day. Every picture would be
an important one in any exhibition in the
world.
How can Mr. Harrison's pictures be
analyzed? Surely they cannot be com
pared to the work of any other artist, for
the individuality is too strong:. Such
originality, such tone, such breadth, such
color. There is atmosphere and depth and
also that subtle "something:" that makes
a work of art a glimpse of nature.
In his manipulation of pigment Mr. Har
rison carries his "fullness of color" to
the verge of crudeness. But his chro
matic unity is so perfect that each little
point of light is made to keep its place.
The result is a soft richness that pro
duces a most surprisingly beautiful effect.
In his delicate and forceful Indication of
natural form the artist at once marks
himself the master. He uses only what la
necessary to attain hia end, and in this
way gets that broadness and simplicity
that makes his work characteristic.
In all there are twenty-three of Mr.
Harrison's works exhibited. These in
clude the following: "Spirit of the Night,"
"French River," "Egypt Lane, lx>ng
Island," "Moonrise," "Point • Lobos,"
"Ships at Sea," "Still "Waters. Monterey,"
"Sunset Effect," "Old Monterey," "Sun
set Fires," "Misty Moonlight," "Flying
Clouds," "The Golden West," "Na
ture's Mirror," "Breezy Day," "The
Brook." "Gray Day, Monterey," "Marine,
Monterey," "Dobe," "Coming Storm,"
"Porch," "Marine."
Of these "The Golden West" is the most
striking. In fact it is almost startling
in its originality. The colors are the
strongest it is possible to use, and the
result is a patch of swirling waters re
flecting the sunset sky and looking
a bowl, of liquid fire.
"Moonrise" is a bit of nature. It is hard
to believed that it is produced by paint.
"The Coming Storm r> is, artistically, the
best picture in the collection. Why? Be
cause the artist has succeeded in depicting
that phase of nature just as he felt it.
Each brush stroke is what it was in
tended to be: And the color— it cannot
be described. The canvas is nature; phy
sical and . metaphysical. All the objects
solid and liquid, are perfect, and besides
there is that sentiment the "seeing" of
which raises us above the brutes. The
picture is only sky and water, but 11 is
a masterpiece.
Mr. Harrison's pictures are hung in the
conservatory galleries and show to good
advantage. They will be on exhibition
all of next week and should be studied
by all who love the beautiful, as such an
opportunity will not come soon again.
» * «
Grateful White Crusaders.
The White Cross of America wishes to
sincerely thank the citizens of San Fran
cisco for their many kindnesses shown the
White Cross nurses who sailed November
IS on steamer St. Paul for Manila and
Honolulu. Most sincerely in the Cross,
LAURA SCHWM'HTENBKRG.
Secretary White Cross.
Portland, Or., Nov. 21. 1898.
The "American Boy" Battleship.
Everj' patriotic American hopes the fichool
boys of the United States will succeed in their
efforts to raise $3,000,000, which wUI be used in
building a battle-ship to be called the "Ameri
can Boy." It costs great sums of money to
build a warship, but you build up your health
with Hostetter's Stmnach Bitters at nmall ex
pense. This remedy Is an appetizer, tonic,
blood purifier and stimulant. It is for stomach,
liver and bowel disorders.
*gC|^to^^ Doctor
(?^§3&r«&^a^*ttt&} wui c V CDC
J3J&&Z IYI CTCn O
rW *s§£6tfsß\ ss P ec!a!ists lor eQ
Vwl, tracted alliacntt *lnoe 1881.
Z& K^m. !^l^^^^ t«n»lve j)"nL:tlce in the U. S.
rnfortunate men wlio c»n-
WmfC^S^ l\§W»JMMi<&^f nnt °* !I llioul<l writ * ' or * <l '
EST.BL.6HED iTvEARS. rJ^ *£*&^.
All i«tt«n confidential. Xo Charge for Consultation.
' 73r8^tSlci8CO I °"'" E-"°"VE -"°"V
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
tiAf "r*» Full Set of Teeth ,
Hv>jF / s«^Bv extracting free $soonp
l^ iriVT Gold Crowns 2jk J3;oup
£?-ffFrA£3£. & Fillings - - - 25Cts.up
•* J^WSS^C-^ <5 Open Evenings & Sundays
r^KF^Cs VAN VROOM
Electro Dental Parlor*
- *i» IP^V 'Sixth and Markat
Dr. Q W. Klel»»r, Prep.
jfeusSMfci RUPTURE.
«B>TvT ; y^ 3iSS use NO MORE IRON
jgjßbgjfcjvqllß{W^ Hoopa or Steel Hprlnn.
B -^**lijfflP<y ~' . Rupture retained with east
fl^-^KBJ^t * nd comfort, nnd thousands ra4l-
■ /jSfC' ' cally CURED by DR. PIERCB'S
la /B x Magnetic- Elastic Trurni. KTCall at
\^QJ^ office or write (nrNew Pamphlet No. L
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
(20 Markat at., opp. Palace Hotel. San Fr&noiico
Weetfy Call $1.50 jer Year
WITNESSES TESTIFY
IN ROSSER'S BEHALF
ALL AGREE THAT HE HAD BEEN
DRUGGED.
Was Unconscious of His Act When
He Shot and Killed Henry Hil
debrand it. the Spreckels
Market.
Youthful "Walter Rosser, the slayer of
Henry Hildebrand, took the witness stand
yesterday In his own behalf. He told his
story with downcast eyes and with evi
dent suppressed emotion. He be
gan from the time he left his
home in the East as a private
soldier and was subsequently transferred
to the hospital corps. He had been down
town but once prior to the day of the
tragedy, he said. On that day he. was
paid off, and accompanied by a friend
started out to visit the city. They had
a drink or two, and then he went to see
a friend at St. L,uke's Hospital. He re
turned to town in the course of half an
hour and started toward Chinatown. At
Pine street he and Private Notgrass were
enticed into a saloon where, they took a
drink and then, against the will of the
proprietor, started out. When he. reached
the door Rosser said he turned dizzy and
placed his arm through that of his friend.
That is the last he remembered until he
awoke in the City Prison and was told
that he was a murderer. He was not
cross-examined at length by the prosecut
ing attorney, and was allowed to leave
the stand after simply stating, on cross
examination, that he remembered nothing
after lea%'ing the Pine-street saloon.
Dr. T. D. Maher, who attended Not
gra.ss on the night of the murder, was
a strong witness for the defense. He
said that his patieifc was apparently suf
fering from the effects of cocaine or cani
bas indicus, a' powerful stimuiant to the
brain and nerves. Notgrass, although- not
intoxicated, could not walk, he said. He
was suffering from severe pains In the
abdomen, his face was drawn, eyes star
ing and glassy and his extremities mid
and clammy. Joseph Fogarty, a steward
in the Receiving Hospital, testified as to
the same facts regarding Rosser. Fogar
ty said that Rosser was sober as far as
he could see but was suffering, almost
unconscious, from the effects of some un
known drug. Depositions of Leonidas
Polk and Jj. R. Baggett and the testimony
of Sigmund H. Harris. Henry Rosenblum.
S. Wagner, Fred Gambella, J. C. Thomp
son, E. Pattie. E. B. Grace, N. R. Doo
little, M. J. Franklyn, Ben Harris, Cor
nHlus J. Sullivan and Douglas B. Wood
worth all tended to corroborate the con
tention that the youthful prisoner was
under the influence of poison when he
fired the fatal shot. Additional testi
mony in this line will be introduced Mon
day, and in all probability the jury will
hand in a verdict on that day.
Strosmayer Council.
Strosmayer Council, Y. M. 1., will give
an entertainment and ball in Union-square
Hall on next Tuesday night. The com
mittee of arrangements has prepared a
programme which will excel any previous
ly offered by this council to its friends.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
PEBIODS OF PAIN.
Menstruation, the halance wheel of
woman's life, is also the bane of exist-
ence to many because it means a time of
great suffering.
While no woman is entirely free from
periodical pain, it does not seem to have
medical sci-
ence. It relieves the condition that pro-
duces so much discomfort and robs men-
I struation of its terrors. Here is proof:
Dear Mrs. Pinkiiam: — llow can 1
I thank you enough for what you have
done for me ? When I wrote to you I
was suffering untold pain at time of
menstruation; was nervous, had head-
ache all the time, no appetite, that tired
feeling, and did not care for anything.
I have taken three bottles of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, one
of Blood Purifier, two boxes of Liver
Pills, and to-day lam a well person. I
! would like to have those who suffer
know that I am one of the many who
have been cured of female complaints
by your wonderful medicine and advice.
— Miss Jennie R. Miles. Leon, Wis.
If you are suffering in this way, write
as Miss Miles did to Mrs. Pinkham at
Lynn, Mass., for the advice which she
offers free of charge to all women.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Mer.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 P. M.,
AND THIS EVENING.
LAST TIMES.
Oecar Well's Comedy Opera in Three Acts,
Suzette
MIRTH AND MUSIC.
NEXT WEEK— Rostand's Romantic Comedy,
CYRANO DE BERGERAC.
WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC.
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Popular Prices 25c and 500
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee 250
Our Telephone. Bush 9.
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
EVERY EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
The Reigning Theatrical Sensation of New
York, London and Paris,
CYRANO DE BERGERAG
Edmond Rostand's Great Comedy Drama.
ENTIRELY NEW SCENES AND ACCESSO-
RIES. EIGHTY PEOPLE ON THE STAGE
Staged by Maurice Hageman.
By the HENDERSON COMPANY, under Da-
vid Henderson's personal direction.
SEATS — Comedy Theater and Emporium.
Evenings. 25c to $1. Matinees, 25c to 75c.
Grand Performance In New Monster Free
Vaudeville Amphitheater,
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27. AT 1:30 P. M.
Lillian Smith. Champion Rifle Shot of the
World; Balloon Ascension and Parachute
Jump; Triple Horizontal Bars; Breakaway
Ladder Act; Knockabout Clowns: the Leons;
Cornet Solo; Grand Concert; Black Alaska
Bears; Performing Lions.
Admission, 10c; no further charge. Children
under 6 years, free.
Glen Park Cafe — Refreshments and lunch at
popular prices.
Take San Mateo electric cars; Valencia, Mis-
sion and Sutter-Btroat cars transfer. j
ADVEBTISEMENTS. '___ _
1 CDErilT' DITDrHACCf 55c !
! Jl ELI AL I UKLIIAjEI OntheDollar. |
I ==z=== %
♦ o
% We beg to inform the public of the arrival of the first ship- |
% ment of New and Stylish Goods from the East, purchased by our o
o MR. JAMES O'BRIEN on his recent trip to New York and Chicago, o
o $175,000 worth, purchased for every department in the o
o house, from the LEADING MANUFACTURERS and LARGEST IM- o
0 PORTING EASTERN HOUSES at the enormous discount ot 5
I 55c ON THE DOLLAR! f
o
% . Large shipments due to arrive daily, and In order to make ♦
♦ room for this vast and important purchase our PRESENT STOCK ♦"■
% WILL BE MARKED PROPORTIONATELY CHEAP to insure a speedy ♦
I clearance. The first shipment arrived by express and consists %
% of SILKS, SILK WAISTS and LADIES' WRAPS, MARKED AT AN ♦
% EXCEEDINGLY LOW RATE, as may be judged by a visit to our ♦
% establishment. We can positively and boldly state that never in ♦
% the history of J. J. O'Brien & Co. was the firm able to make |
o such an important announcement. - 6
%•— — : o
% -•-> J^-t %
2 LADIES' SOFA PILLOWS, made of India silk, hand-painted, finished
o with cording; regular price, $1 50; will be placed on sale at $1 00. o
I RIBBONS! RIBBONS! I
♦-. ■ ' ♦
% . * .A-t 5 Cents. ♦
O No. 7 ALL-SILK BLACK TAFFETA RIBBON, 2 inches wide; value 10c; O
'g will be closed out at sc. O
o io~Oents. |
FANCY PLAID RIBBONS, in assorted colors, 3 inches wide; value 20c; £
2 will be closed out at 10c. ♦
X \ -A.t IS Cents. O
<s> J±t IS Cents. ♦
£ No. 22 ALL-SILK COLORED MOIRE RIBBONS, 3 Inches wide, extra <•>
o quality; will be offered at 15c. *'.".»'.■'-■ . . . O
o J±t 25 Cents. |
£ BLACK MOIRE AND SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN SASH RIBBON, all o
<«> Bilk, 5 inches wide; will be offered at 25c. ♦
° • -A.t lS Cents. S
% No. 22 ALL-SILK COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, as- ♦
6 sorted colors; will be offered at 12%c. O
I LADIES' KID GLOVES! |
<3> ■ %
g .A/t T'S Cents a Fair. ♦
° 50 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HAVARD" KID GLOVES, colors red, 2
X brown, tan, green, heliotrope and white, also black; worth $1 00; will ©
2 be on special sale at 75c a pair. V;; '*•?''•♦?
O (EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED.) I. O
* =============== s
O — Y
I1I 1 Fl F Market, ones and McAllister Sts^ / i
♦ l^y \jy Son F^ranciacOi / o
auusehen^s. amusements.
CALIFORNIATHEATER. lOROSOO'S : GRAND m*
matinee to-day. V xLTKB. Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME, —
The Stirring Romantic Military Play, " Week of Nov. 21, 189S.
NORTHERN LIGHTS. SU " On Vane ' S BeSt Melodrama «
NORTON L.CHTS. IN SIGHT OF
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY. —, p^p* —^ - .- . « /-«
COMPLETE PRODUCTION. . • W^ B BJ A I I I W
SCENERY. COSTUMES AND EFFECTS. J 1 • & rAKJ L- .3 •
*sFP,RF,T SKRVICE- Special En^pement of the Handsom* an«
OJU Vlii-i X kJJuJLV ¥ X\JLJ) Accomplished Leading Lady,
_ WITH — MISS ADELE BELGARDE.
WILLIAM GILLETTE. evening price|. &». »«
SEATS NOW READY. Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Seats for Baldwin Can Be Exchanged Telephone Green S6l.
COLUMBIA^THEATER. g^
LAST TWO NIGHTS— MATINEE TO-DAY. X^fe^M%^2a{^!9V^%!WV^.
A. M. Miller and W. W. Freeman Tresent the ©S^ffl^^B^A^^^^!^!
All-Surpassing Musical Comedy Triumph, *W»T WWVmP
AT 1 f^ AV^ ' MATINEE TO-DAY SATURDAY, Nov. 2«.
jfi X vJTXjL X Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, 10c. Chtl-
dren 10c, any part.
CONEY ISLAND MILLIE WESTERN. Vaudeville' ■ Premier*
|j!ffMir\jY E^Li>\l^llJ Musical Artiste.
VVIIJJ A IUUXIIII/ THE WILSON FAMILY. High-Class "Coon"
r'TjiriTP oast HEADED BY Comedy.
° SmTtH Icampbelu maude COURTNE^ nss Who Si ™ ** °"
HARRY LACEY AND COMPANY, In the Great
EXTRA— NEXT MONDAY. , Hit, "Bob Racket's Pajamas."
THE UNPARALLELED SUCCESS, FLO IRWIN AND WALTER HAWLET la
rnsTP'i *• niAl/S "The Gay Miss Con."
KOSTEii & J .. ™ v tL,n- n HERBERT'S TROUPE OF DOGS, the Greatest
Sumptuous Musical Extravaganza, Animal Act.
«rAVFST MANHATTAN" JAMES CULLEN. Vocalist.
"(jAYtM mAl^nAHanu^: FRANK AND DON, Comedy Boxers.
— — 1~~1 ~~ ' " " FLOOD BROTHERS, Comedy Acrobats.
ALCAZAR THEATER. — — —
MATINEE~TO-DAY. MECHANICS' PAVILION
"ZZrZl^^lZr CHARITY-BAZAAR
Imlllilflil P 10 fi^ CALIFORNIA GRAND MUSICAL CONTEST
illliiwil«"w ■ BWI C E (NOAH BRANDT ORCHESTRA.)
NEXT-W-EEK OPENING DAY,
ROl lSt^Pcon5 y EEDfS THURSDAY^December Ist.
"THE POLITICIAN," This day has been set aside for a Grand .
- THE wo^S *+™M TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT
Prices 13c. 23c. 35c, 50c , ".. v \ or the / ". • '
- — -"-— BRAVE FIBEHEN 0F m FRANCI sco.
OL YMPI A, Cor E — ~t .
The Most Beautiful Music Hall in America. &UKiia*|»s^'«^^& UKiia *|»5^'«^^ Mill
Greatest Free Show ; World! &dMG3im±.
NOTE THE BIG ATTRACTIONS. | fMCSFfC fjOliU^* 00 III)
THE WONDERFUL FREDO. 1 r M^ sl " JoCIW WIWD
World-Famous Twirling Dancer. ffl % ~**7h/GLE£>/C>Er Tf?/\G/<'^-
OMNE, • m^ "—" — - -f*
Only Japanese Lady Juggler in the World. i ' -| RACING frOm MOllday, NOY. 14, tO |] ' ,
. . MAI TUNISON, ifl Saturday, Nov. 26, inclusive, '.a 1
Return of the Favorite Soprano. 1/ Five or More Banning B*ee» Daily, R»ia \F
KELLY AND VSOLETTE, 17 dutiful G^unSJl*" O
■ . r Latest •'Coon" Songs. " (\ , ■ ! u RAR A l CE AA A C^ Omm p Oda j2. 0M - f\
AND TEN ALL-STAR ACTS. | / s PR -^glnt V^aii^l:^ \ I
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE. f\ P . m. daily. Leave Third-street ii
'i . ' - -J i . ' I / Station, stopping at Valencia street. ¥J r
CONCERTS AND BESOKTtf. " \J^ R^nUg^ tomguui^ after th. \l
— ~7^7l^iZ7C^r7r^TT7^ — il / ' electric car lines. I 1
SUTRO BATHS. if ,^™?&^Js£%£r&\£
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, at 2:30 p. m. V / track without chanffe. ; Fillmore- 1 1
_,__._______.__ ' __ «' -^___. gti. street cars transfer each way. *-* •
SWIMMING RACES O "TrA^oll.^,^ O
:: ,?J f FOR : VALUABLE PRIZES ' -' \ fl F. H. GREEN. Secretary. fl
AND MUSIC BY THE GATTLOISE BAND. » / . _ -?'- - --iVc*S
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, sc. /^OOO^ISV^
Baseball I__ recreation Weak Men and Women-
uaseoain PA rk Weak Men and Women
A GREAT GAME <£» HOULD : USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M. • O great Mexican remedy; gives health and
fIANTA CRUZ VS. ATHLETICS. i strength to sexual organs. Depot, 823 'Market.
78
AFTERMATH OF
THE COLLEGE
FOOTBALL GAME
Cochran Made the
Hero of the Day.
DISSATISFIED WITH CROSS
BIGGEST GATE EVER HAD ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
The Blue and Gold Still Continues to
Receive the Glad Hand and
the Collegians Re
joice.
The Thanksgiving football game ran its
natural course on Thursday evening, but
It seems to be still in the air. Yesterday
on Market and Kearny streets the great
blue and gold glad hand was plied with
sweeping vitjor. and the gilded palaces,
the alcoholic dispensaries, profited much
by It.
California's supporters contrary to gen
eral expectation did little roistering about
town during the early hours of the morn-
Ing. The streets were comparatively
bare after midnight, but occasionally the
ordinary pedestrian would bump up into
a howling squad of color bedecked colle
gians and trouble ensued.
The enormous attendance at the game
has set people to wondering how much
money the gate receipts represent. Count
ing the entire gate the football game
brought J16.800 into the college treasu
ries. This figure is in excess of the re
turns of last year's game by $1800. The
expenses of the game reach a high figure
on account of the building of the stands.
Deducting all expenses of the grounds,
the building of stands, ushers, decora
tions, advertising and printing, each col
lege should receive $0500. This figure will
pay all expenses of the season and possi
bly leave $1000 in the treasuries of each
Institution to begin their year of IS»9.
Coach Cross was seen on Market street
yesterday, his countenance set in sorrow.
He intended to leave for the East last
night, but postponed his trip until to
day.
Garreti Cochran was not In evidence
yesterday. He will leave for New Mex
ico In a few days, remaining there sev
eral weeks, after which he will pack his
trunks and return to his father, who is
clamoring to have the football seer go
into the employment of the railroad com
pany of which Cochran senior is presi
dent.
The California men and the alumni of
the university are exerting themselves to !
induce Cochran to return to the team next :
% Princetonian says "no," I
positively; but there are some who think
that he will reconsider his decision. If ne j
coaches any university football eleven it I
will be California.
Cochran is the idol of the hour. They i
ali seem to recognize ihe hand he had in i
t!ie development of the winning team, and •
show.T praises on him for his success.
There were blue-ribboned youths "doing
the line" yesterday without number, and
he escaped them all by remaining under
cover.
Murmurs of dissatisfaction were heard j
among the few Stanford men in town
Hurry P. Cross. Two years ago
the Yale coach came to San Francisco ,
and developed a team which made th«
first big score of the intercollegiate '
games. Stanford then shouted the name
of Cross in paens of praise. Now condi- j
tion.-j are altered, as the large score is
against them.
The cause of the Stanford displeasure, it
is said, is due to a post-prandial address
which Cross made the last Slight the team
was at Congress Springs. The alumni
coaches who were there had arranged for •
a number of war-whooping specheson the I
greatness of the Stanford team, all for |
the purpose of dispelling the gloom that I
had settled on the eleven. A few words :
were asked from the coach. Cross rose
and in mournful tones said he hoped lor
the best, and then delved into an analysis
of his own inky emotions caused by the ;
§loomy football situation. Some of me
tanford men asseverate that this put a
wet blanket on the team, and they were
• beaten before the game began.
In order to destroy the evil effect of !
Cross' words, some Stanford alumnus
lumped to his feet and began painting a
lurid picture of another cardinal victory.
KNOTT WILL BE HANGED.
The Supreme Court Refuses the Mur
derer a New Trial.
The Supreme Court has dismissed the
appeal for a now trial of A. L. Knott, j
Who was convicted of murder in the first ,
degree for having killed Joseph Knauer.
This means that there is Gut little hope
of saving the fellow's neck from the gal
lows, and in all probability the sentence j
of death will be imposed by the Superior
Court very soon.
The killing of Knauer was regarded as
very coldblooded. The two men had a
quarrel about a dog, and Knott laid in
wait on Stevenson street for over an hour
to punish his enei.iy. He allowed Knauer
to pass and then shot him in the back. ■■
The wounded man lived long enough to j
make a dying 1 statement of the affair. It
was upon this point that the defendant's
attorney made his hardest light to save
the murderer** neck, and in his appeal it
was contended that thf lower court com
mitted an error in admitting the dying j
man's statement at all.
The Supreme Court did not agree with
this contention, and said: "We do not !
deem it necessary to state here the facts j
upon which the declaration was made. It I
is sufficient to say that in our opinion the \
admission of the declarations in evidence
•was clearly correct. "We think that the
evidence was legally sufficient to warrant j
the jury in lindlng the verdict which they j
Tendered."
Another point advanced was that the
defendant was not of sound mind at the
lime of the committing ofihe crime; but
the higher court holds that the question
of insanity was not raised until after the
trial.
RAINFALL STATISTICS.
The City Has Been Drier at This
Date Several Times Before.
The continued drought In some parts of
the State lends especial interest at this
time to a few rainfall statistics. In forty
eight consecutive seasons there has fallen
Bt Sacramento and San Francisco a total
of .960.81 inches of rain, an average for
each reason of 20.01 inches. By far the
driest reason during that time was that
pf i-r.O-51, when the total rainfall In San
Francisco was but 7.40 inches, nearly the
entire precipitation being after January
1 The wettest season in this city was
that of 1861-62, with a total precipitation
of 49.27 Inches.
The local rainfall of the present season
to date is about two-thirds of the Dorm=:,
being but 2.32 inches. Since the local
Weather Bureau was established In 1871
there have, however, been no less than
nine seasons in which the precipitation to
this date has been less than the present.
This is the fiftieth season in which rain
fall jecords have been kept in San Fran
cisco.
Town Talk.
The leading article of interest in this
week's Town Talk Is the editorial criti
cizing the addresses of President Dohr
mann and David Lubin before the Mer
chants' Association, reported In the last
Review. The Graphologist has a batch
of character delineations and Thanksgiv
ing poetry is a feature of the issue. The
Saunterer talks about the dancing Dun
can sisters' latest windfall, Mrs. Uhlhorn's
death, the Borden-Cosgrave and other
weddings of the week; tells a story about
Professor Jordan; gives the • latest club
and society news. There are reviews of
the first symphony concert, the : Meany
and other recitals, "Cyrano de Bergerac"
and "Secret Service." Only ten cents at
all £ewssca\«ft ' •
THE FIELD OF SPORT
JOSH REILLY
IS
STILL UNPAID
By Joe Corbett.
Strange as it must seem, "Josh" Reilly,
the once bright star of the Athletics, has
not received the salary due him since he
severed connections with that organiza
tion. On two or three different occasions
1 have touched on this question; yet, must
confess, never for a moment thought 1
would have to take It up again.
In justice to Mr. Reilly, however, It
should be known that he has, for services
rendered as a member of the Athletics, a
hundred and fifty dollars coming to him.
When the question was first brought up
I was given to understand by the Recre
ation Park management that Reilly would
receive every cent due him. In view of
this declaration the matter was dropped,
and not until a few days ago did I learn,
from Mr. Reilly himself, that the money
had not been paid, and furthermore there
were no prospects of its being paid.
It's a shame to think that this player
should be treated in so shabby a manner.
When the league was in its infancy, and
good material was scarce, Reilly con
sented to remain here on the coast and
play. He had been offered a good salary
by an Eastern minor league team, but
preferred "home, sweet •home" at half
the money. It was guaranteed him and he
having explicit faith in those managing
baseball on this coast, accepted.
For a while things went nicely, and then
Reilly was put off. He was generous in
the extreme, and said nothing. But when
a month ajid a half had passed without a
cent being offered him, "patience ceased to
be a virtue." He could not exist on prom
ises, and, therefore, demanded his money
in full. It was useless. The more he
kicked, it appeared, the less chance he
stood of securing the amount and, dis
gusted, he ceased to be any langer a mem
ber of the Athletics.
Every body remembers the effect Reil
lys absence had on the team. At the
time they were near the uppermost rung
of the ladder, but when "Josh" left the
toboggan was hit almost Instantly, and
it was some time before the club pulled
itself together and played anywhere near
its game. From team to team Reilly
roamed, and everywhere success crowned
his efforts. His presence and generalship
on the field assisted greatly in winning
games for those with whom he played,
but shortly, yet through it all and despite
the fact that he was one of the finest
players in the State no attempt was made
by the league board to locate him perma
nently in his old position. To do this
meant that $150 had to be paid him, and
no one was desirous of parting with this
sum if it could be avoided.
And so it is at this present moment.
Rellly lived up to his contract and agree
ment, and the league board should provide
for him or see that those who are respon
sible pay him the money that is due. In
a very short time the Pacific Const League
will close. Surely baseballdom will not
applaud the season's work if the Rellly
debt Is left unpaid. It is r.eaily aggravat
ing to think that after all he did toward
placing the game on a solid basis that he
should be paid wfth a slight burst of adu
lation. But adulation is not courted by
Reilly. It may have the desired effect on
some individuals, but with "Josh" the
money honestly earned is sufficient, and
that is all he asks.
There is yet time to right this wrong,
and it should be done. The board of di
rectors should take the matter up imme
diately and lose no time in settling the
much talked of question.
To-day's game will be between the Sand
Crabs and Athletics. That the contest
will be an excellent one may be Judged
from the fact that these two teams on
Sunday last played a ten-Inning tie. The
line-up follows:
Santa Cruz. Position. Athletic.
Borchers Pitcher Fltzpatrlck
Daubenbis Catcher Lohman
Fitzgerald First base Johnson
Arrel lanes Second base H anley
I >evereaux Third base McLaußhl ln
Wiil lams Shortstop f^tultz
Strieb IWt Held Mff'arty
Donlin Center field Meaney
Burge Kl&ht field Hllderbrand
COLLIES AND SPANIELS.
The following communication from the
i secretary of the Collie Club Is self ex
; planatory:
Sporting Editor of The San Francisco Call —
i Dear Sir: We should be very much obliged If
yuu would Inform the owners of collies and
cocker spaniels through the colums of your
1 \aluable paper that the California Collie Club
■ lifts postponed the date of the closing of entires
for the Oakland Dog Show until Wednesday,
November 30.
We lave been compelled to postpone the clos-
Ing of entries owing to the number of re
quests for entry forma which are coming in
i from remote i-artß of the State. Thanking you
: beforehand for your kindness in so obliging us.
i Yours, etc.,
THE CALIFORNIA COLLIE CLUB,
By NORMAN J. STEWART, Sec.
Shot at Her Husband.
Mrs. Fannie Smitn, 1519 Howard street,
who fired a shot at her husband Wednes
day night, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday on a charge of assault to mur
der. The woman says she was goaded to
the act by the worthlessness of her hus
band.
TWO WEDDINGS
ARE ANNOUNCED
Congressman-Elect Julius
Kahn Will Soon Be
come a Benedict.
Stein-Cahen Be
trothal.
Two prominent betrothals were an
nounced yesterday, and both the young
couples, who are well known In select
Jewish circles, were overwhelmed with
congratulations. The announcement of
j the engagement of Julius Kahn and Miss
Florence Prag did not come as a surprise
to the many friends of the Congressman
elect, nor to thoße of the young lady who
is soon to bear his name. Rumors of the
engagement have been whispered about
for some time and the betrothal announce
ment came but as the gratifying conclu
sive "I told you so." The bride to be is a
j teacher in the Lowell High School, and
- daughter of Mrs. Mary Prag of the Girls'
High School. No date for the wedding
' has as yet been arranged.
An engagement that did come as a sur
prise was that of Miss Lucie Cahen and
Louis Stern. The happy groom-to-be is
one of the most prominent of city business
men, a millionaire and active partner in
the firm of Levi Strausa & Co. Miss Ca
hen is the daughter of Louis Cahen of the
Bethesda Water Company, and sister of
Mrs. N. J. Newmark of Los Angeles.
Mr. Stern's business Interests are all
centered in New York, and It Is In the
Empire City that he and his bride will
' make their future home.
Bankruptcy Cases.
Martha L. Herriman yesterday filed In
the United States District Court a peti
tion in bankruptcy. Her liabilities are
$2204 and her assets are $700.
Judge de Haven has named the Bank of
Shasta at Redding as a depository for
the money of bankrupt estates for the
Northern District of California.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1898.
DUCK SHOOTING
ON
SHERMAN ISLAND
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦ + + ♦♦♦■♦•♦♦♦♦>■♦•
With the north wind there arrived large
numbers of northern birds. If it is blow
ing to-morrow excellent shooting should
be enjoyed on the marshes. Several mem
bers of the clubs with headquarters In the
Suisun marshes have had first-class sport
during the past week, and doubtless good
shooting will continue in the vicinity of
Suisun until the heavy rains, which will
scatter the birds.
The Black Jack Gun Club of Sherman
Island has certainly had the best shoot-
THREE CELEBRATED RACERS.
ing of any club that makes duck-shooting
a feature. Last Sunday four members
bagged 20S birds fn a morning's shoot last
ing two and a half hours. The game con
sisted of canvasback, mallard, sprig and
teal and gray duck. President Lemmer
and his man Stump bagged over seventy
birds. Johnson and Mcßae were tne
shooters who made the largest killing.
In the following article, which tells how
to save a dog's life in case of poisoning,
some valuable information will he found:
The most commonly used poisons are
strychnine and arsenic. If not given
alone, they enter into the compositions
of preparations which are* poisonous, fo
that it is well that dog owners know the
symptoms of poisoning through these
agents. In arsenic poisoning there is
great heat and pain in t6e stomach and
bowels, often accompanied with swelling,
and the belly is very tender to the touch.
There Is frequent vomiting, great thirst
and more or less discharge of frothy
saliva, frequent evacuations of fluid, dark
colored matter, sometimes marked with
blood. The dog soon loses muscular power
and shows Indisposition to move. The
tongue and lips are red and swollen and
breathing labored and painful, lhe anti
dotes for this poison are hydrated sesqui
oxide of iron, twelve parts of which coni
bino with arsenic, forming an insoluble
compound. Light magnesia will also re
move one twenty-fifth its weight of ar
senic from its solution in water.
Strychnine poisoning is evidenced by
severe acute pains, which make the ani
mal utter sharp cries, twitching and jerk
ing of the head and limbs and drawing up
the fore and hind legs toward each other
with the back arched. The cramps and
twitchings are not continuous, but are
readily brought on by touching the dop
or a sudden noise. Foaming at the mouth
is also a frequent symptom. Give an
emetic at once— mustard and hot water,
coffee, salt and hot water; afterward give
lard or any fat in large quantities There
was published recently an account of ex
periments with lard as an antidote for
strychnine. the results of which may be
vouched for, and lard being something al
ways within easy reach should certainly
be "tried. Ten-grain doses of chloral <d<s-
Bolved in water) every fifteen or twenty
minutes until fifty or sixty grains are
administered may be tried. This is in ex
ireme vases. If the convulsions quiet
down one might stop at thirty or forty
grains.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Vampires Defeat the Shasta County-
Men, on Thanksgiving Day by
a Narrow Margin.
The Vampire team of Association foot
ballers arrived at Redding.Shasta County,
soon after 7 o'clock on the morning of
Thanksgiving day, having traveled all
night from the city. They were met by
Captain Campbell of the Keswick Moun
tain Copper Company eleven and taken
to a hotel for breakfast. During the
morning they witnessed some horse races
and after lunch were ready for the match.
The footballs sent down from Keswick
not having arrived a team was dispatch
ed to fetch one. This caused some de
lay so that the game did not begin till
3pm Captain White of the Vampires
won the toss and elected to play toward
the south, as a strong northerly breeze
was blowing. Helped greatly by the
wind the Vampires played an aggressive
game and kept the ball in the Keswick
men's territory. H. W. Westerfeld, one
of the Vampire forwards, being disabled
by a kick on the thigh, retired to the
goal and Wyndham took his place as in
side 'right forward. The Vampires made
several determined attacks upon the Kes
wick goal, but their shots landed either
over the bar or to the side of the posts.
At half time- the score stood, Keswick 0,
Play was resumed after an intermission
of five minutes, the Keswick men having
the advantage of the wind behind them.
The Vampires carried the ball down to
the Keswick goal, but were prevented
from scoring by the Keswick backs and
goal-keeper. The left forwards of the
Keswick team then secured the ball, car
ried it down, passed it to the right for
wards, and made a successful shot for
goal. Score: Keswick 1 goal; Vampires 0.
The home team, encouraged by their suc
cess and the cheers of the crowd, nearly
scored again, but the Vampire backs pre
vented another goal. By this time the
wind had nearly died out, and the Vam
pires, working well together, succeeded in
kicking a goal. Score: Keswick 1 goal.
Vampires 1 goal. From this time on the
Vampires played well together, and, foll
GOOD COURSING
AT
INGLESIDE PARK
The managers of Ingleside Coursing
Park have arranged an excellent pro
gramme of sport for to-day. A sapling
stake and a non-winners' stake, with six
teen entries in the former and seventy
two in the latter, should certainly attract
a large crowd of pleasure-seekers to the
park. Among the non-winners are a
number of very clever performers, and
the talent will find It by no means an
easy matter to pick winners.
If the hares wi'l run with the same
performances as on Thursday It Is very
■afe to say that there will be several short
tails escape from their pursuers.
Cold, sharp weather Is always good for
coursing, as the game little flyers are
then at their best and invariably give
the sports "a run for their money. '
The saplings will be well tested to-day,
but as a rule sapling races are not satis
factory, as the youngsters are unreliable
and cannot be depended upon; still there
are a fine lot of young dogs entered and
good coursing should be the order of the
day. In the sapling stake the winners
will doubtless be Pleasant Girl, Star of
Cuba, Maggie N, Baby King, Winning
Ways, Firenzi 11, Warrior and Tea Rose.
The dogs most likely to raise winning
colors in the non-winners' stake are Bru
tus, Flying Faster, O X Capitol, Bit of
Fashion, Senorita, Fear Not, Quick
stitch, Mission Tip, Golden Russet, Pas
time, Prince George, Joy Bells, Dakota,
White Diamond. Rest Assured, Magic,
Flashlight, Mira Monte, Skyball, Rush o
the Hill, Hattel, Laurclwood, Young
America, lowa Girl. Lady Herschel, Royal
Chief Van Cloie, Victor Queen, Lady Gil
more, Nelly B, Bendalong. O'Grady,
Sportsman, Babe Murphy, Glen Rosa and
Terrona.
Speaking of greyhounds, an English
authority says that up to about 300 years
ago grevhoiinds were shaggy, gray-col
ored dogs, used in the chase of large
game. After that the name w-as trans
ferred, sufficiently absurdly, to the black,
white, blue and yellow, but generally
spotted or bicolored, and never gray,
dog that is now so popular for coursing
hares. It is very odd that no one writing
about the dog should have insisted upon
so obvious an absurdity. On the contrary,
a great many writers who have written
very wisely about the word "gray have
tried to explain away its simplest mean
ing by referring to Celtic, Gaelic and
Saxon roots; but considering these two
animals were called indifferently gray
"dogs" or grey "hounds"— in two words—
when our language first came to be writ
ten and that in those days dogs and
"hounds" were absolutely synonymous,
it seems to be a preat waste of wisdom
to try and prove that "graie," "gra- or
"grey " when it Is joined with dog or
hound, meant anything else but gray, or
to say that gray fly means a fly of nrincely
extraction or graybeard a champion
beard. l
ing all the assaults of the Kcswick men,
passed the ball to Coles, who centered It.
Wyndham placed it between the posts,
and the seer.- read: Keswick 1 goal.
Vampires 2 goals. Keswick now tried
hard to make the game a draw one, but
failed to score again. The team work of
the Vampires was good, and E. Hunter
played a particularly brilliant game. For
Keswick. Turner, Campbell. Renwick,
Castdy and Roberts played best.
After the pame the visitors were enter
tained at a bounteous Thanksgiving din
ner, presided over by Captain Campbell,
with F. J. Truman as vice-president The
toast of the visitors was acknowledged
by Captain G. T. S. White, and that of
the referee and linesmen by Mr. Seed.
The toast of the proprietor of the base
ball ground was responded to by Mr.
Busch. The Vampires returned to San
Francisco yesterday morning.
The teams were as follows:
Vampires Position. Keswick.
Wvndman Goalkeeper Bennle
Cart Back Turner
Robertson Back Bridge
Belwood Halfback Campbell
DugffU) Halfbark Renwick
Hunter Halfback Wallace
11. E. Punctt Right Forward Balch
Westerfeld Right Forward Casldy
White Center Roberts
Dye Left Forward Macdermld
Coles I-«f t Forward Mudd
Referee — Peacock.
The Keswiok men will play the return
match against the. Vampires early next
year, when they hope to be represented
by a stronger team than they had on
Thursday, when three of their best play
ers were unable to be on hand.
The Vampires are loud in their praise
of the hospitality of the Keswlck men,
and of the generous treatment accorded
to the visitors.
btole His Washing.
Charles Wesley Reed, the attorney,
played the part of a detective success
fully and la proud of his achievement. He
and his wife live at the residence of Mrs.
M. Liftchild, 1721 Webster street, and last
week thoy refused to pay Sun Lee, their
laundryman, because he had lost some
clothing. Sun Lee, to get even, carried
away a large quantity of washing. Reed
was notified and ue hunted for Sun Lee
and captured him last Tupesday. Sun
Lee was handed over ..o a policeman and
was booked for petty larceny. The case
THE ASSOCIATED
CYCLE
CLUBS' ELECTION
+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
The annual election of officers of the
California Associated Cycling Clubs will
be held Saturday evening, December 3,
at the Olympic Club, and already the
twenty odd clubs that are members of
the association are laying plans and pull
ing wires In anticipation of the usual con
test.
For the presidency, Charles Albert
Adams can have the office again if he will
accept it, but he has given out that press
of business will not permit. Robert M.
Welch, Percy V. Long, W. L. Loos, chair
man of the road racing board, and Wil
liam Mackie, secretary of the Olympic
Wheelmen, are also "much mentioned."
The factions may unite on one man be
fore the election, however.
Stanley G. Scovern's efficiency as sec
retary for the past three terms certainly
entitles him to re-election, and he will
probably get it, although "there are
others" who would like the honor and
emoluments of the office.
The president-elect will have the ap
pointing of the committee chairmen, and
how these plums will be distributed can
not be foreshadowed until the contest for
that office narrows down to fewer men.
The attorneyship, handicapper and chair
men of the track and road racing com
mittees are the most important appoint
ive offices.
In the Cycle Clubs' Baseball League the
game to-morrow will be between the
Olympic Wheelmen and San Francisco
Road Club at 10:30 o'clock at the Presidio
baseball grounds. In previous games the
Olympics have defeated the Callfornias,
and the San Franciscos have lost to the
Bay City Club, so that on form the
Olympics should win to-morrow's game.
WILL SWIM AND DIVE
IN THE SUTRO BATHS
The manager of Sutro Baths has ar
ranged for Sunday afternoon the follow-
ing aquatic programme, consisting of
high diving and swimming:
50 yards, dash, novice— H. Anderson N. Ben
sen, E. Klpp, J. Bensen, G. Freeth, B. Berry,
R. Dodße, H. Hiller. R. White.
Divlntr from platform. Juvenile— H. Seebach,
A. Best, D. Mackel. A. Hay, R. Dodge, H.
Dougherty, E. Bonifleld, W. Dawsett, J. Bey-
ins.
Tub race for boys, 50 yard? (two in tub)— E.
Klpp, G. Freeth. A. Anderson, H. Hiller, R.
Dode». B. Berry.
* 100-yard race, special— H. Seebach, D. Car
roll. P. Levy, F. Duran, E. Bonifleld. A. J.
Hanton; not less than four to start; no sec
ond.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— E. Klpp.
H. Hiller, F. Green, N. Benson, R. Dodge, E.
Bonifleld.
Trapeze and high diving— E. Bonifleld, H.
Seebach, N. Bensen, F. Green.
was called In Judge Mogan's court yester
day, and after the prosecution rested Sun
Lee was granted a continuance till Mon
day.
MORE FIRE PROTECTION.
The Fire Commissioners Urge an
Appropriation for the Sunset
District.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and appointed William Seiwest
hoseman of engine 18. It was decided to
petition the Board of Supervisors to grant
the petition of the Sunset District Im
provement Club for suitable fire protec
tion. The Board of Supervisors is talk
ing of appropriating $15,000 for hydrants
engine house and other necessaries
It was determined to advertise for a
suitable piece of property between Second
and Third streets and Mission and How
ard streets for the erection of an engine
house.
Thomas R. Herlihv was tried on a
charge of incompetency and willful neg
lect of duty in running away from his
pipe during a fir© on November 15. As he
was a new man judgment was suspended
till the Chief made an investigation and
reported.
■ ♦ • _
. This Week's Wasp.
This week's Wasp is one of the pret
tiest and most entertaining issues of thai
bright and interesting weekly ever- pub
lisled. It is filled from cover to cover
I with good things in light literature.
I sketches, jokes, etc. Mulrooney describes
the Thanksgiving day reformed football
game between the Callforniaa and the
Stanfords, and various failings of society
are treated of in Miss Teresa Doane's
article. The theatrical page haa a beauti
ful half-tone picture of the new star of
the drama "Thomas Sharkey," meditat
ing upon his brilliant theatrical future
! and fine half-tone views of the sports oi
| the natives of the Hawaiian Islands are
I found on the other pages.
Dr. Myers Will Reply.
Rev. Mr. Myers of the Bush-street
Synagogue will reply from the pulpit to
critics of his sermon on "Mixed Marri
ages" to-day at IX o'clock.
SEVERE LESSONS
OF THE
FOOTBALL SEASON
TTTT-~T~T-r-r-r tt t t t t t t »
The Thanksgiving gam© of IS9S is now a
thing of the past and one Bide Is telling
just how it happened and trying to ex
plain a score that is the least bit discom
fiting. This season's play has been fruit
ful of many lessons— first bitter one
to the cardinal and the first Joyful occa
sion to the blue and.gold.
Stanford started out this year in the
wrong way. They were put on their met
tle from the very first day of the season
and the altered conditions were so strange
and novel to them that they were unable
to recognize the dilemma in which
they were placed. The material that
either college had to draw from was none
of the best. One side improved It; the
other did not.
Cochran had the advantage of Cross
in being: at California during the spring.
He then looked over the situation and
began his work for the autumn. When
the college semester commenced in Au
gust Cochran was on hand forming lists
of men and classifying them. His labors
were earnestly prosecuted and he worked
along well defined ends until the last day
before the Thanksgiving game.
The great lesson which he has taught
is that spirit in a college team is the ne
cessary prerequisite to team work. At
first •C.'ochran could not comprehend the
state of affairs at the University of Cali
fornia, but as the days went by he re
alized what had to be done and he did it.
He created an esprit de corps.
At Berkeley there existed a wild belief
in individual players, the efficiency of a
few great particular stars. How well this
erroneous view of things was eliminated
the game on Thursday is complete- proof.
There was not a star In the California
team on Thanksgiving day. Perhaps the
men who played on the end were the most
brilliant of the team, but they worked
hand in hand with others who played re
markable ball. That is the secret of their
football success.
Cochran took his men, placed them
in positions which he thought suited them
and then started out. The California
team was formed a month ago and they
were drilled in all the details of the game
day after day. The steady and persist
ent rehearsal spoke for Itself and reflect
the football wisdom of Cochran, who
really formed the team and taugh it all
it knew. Playing on the California elev
en were two freshmen, and they distin
guished themselves magnificently. Little
Womble and "Locomotor" Smith, des
tined to become the best bucking half
this coast has ever seen, played like vet
erans. Of course, Womble's game was
hardly equal to that of Craig; the latter
was the most brilliant of all on the field.
Now, what happened at Palo Alto? The
series of heavy, well-drilled teams that
has represented the cardinal in years past
was counted On to do something for Stan
ford. For the first year since Walter
Camp left the university as coach Stan
ford was put to the necessity of devel
oping an entire new team. The three
center men were new, so were the tackles,
and the backs were never In safe, sound
condition. But these difficulties may
have been overcome as they were at Cal
ifornia had there been a spirit to work
harmoniously. Cross was handicapped
at every stage during the early part of
the season, ajid when the team did awak
en it was too late to catch up with the
fast progressing team at Berkeley. There
was not the feeling of fraternity among
the members of the Stanford eleven.
In comparison with other teams that
have played football on this coast the
California eleven which lined up Thurs
day was, perhaps, the best as far as team
work is considered. Both colleges have
turned out stronger elevens, but never
did one play as that team. It was the
highest football development that we
have ever seen on the coast.
The lessons which this season has
taught are two — California has learned
that team work is the all and Stanford
that a succession of victories may be
broken when there is a lack of spirit,
unity and confidence in one another.
BIG-MOUTH BASS
IN RUSSIAN RIVER
With the ending of this month dies the
trout fishing season of this year and it
goes without saying that it has been
many years since local anglers enjoyed
such good sport in the mountains. The
streams were low and as a result the
fishes were hungry and eagerly dashed
at anything skimming the water which
looked at all liite an insect.
If the dry weather continues another
month of steelhead fishing in Russian
River will be a fad. But it is fervently
hoped that several inches of rain will
fall before another month and that Rus
sian River will be a raging torrent. The
Fish Commissioners have stocked Rus
sian River with large-mouth black bass
and the future fishing on that stream
promises to be excellent.
Speaking of the high price of steelheads
a Portland (Or.) shipper of frozen fish
said that he could better afford to pay 5
cents a pound for them in the winter than
to have them furnished free in the sum
mer. The steelhead is caught mostly In
the winter and is therefore accustomed
to cold and stands freezing and shipping
in a frozen state better than any other
variety. _______^____
DANCED TWO
NEW FIGURES
Assembly and German of
the Bachelors' Club at
the Palace Last
Evening.
Last evening the second assembly and
german of the Bacrelors' Cotillon Club
was held in the Maple Hall of the Palace
Hotel, and, like its predecessor, proved
a most delightful and brilliant success.
The cotillon, which was the feature of
the evening, was led by Al Dodge, who
introduced two new and original figures.
After the german a short order of
dances brought the affair to a pleasant
close.
Among the ladies who took part in the
cotillon were Miss Nellie Gallagher, Miss
Rose Roth. Miss Bessie Roden, Miss M. C.
Toepke, Miss Lillian Schroeder, Misses
Lotta and Florence Musto. Miss Grace
Berry. Miss Elizabeth Day, Miss E.
Prosek, Miss Felice Kingsford, Miss Cal
lie Plunkett, Miss Grace McCloskey, Mrs.
Cornell, Miss Adelaide McColgan, Miss
Morse. Mrs. George S. Graham, Mrs. Ed
Carrera, Mrs. Marshal Hale, Miss Tay
lor, Miss Louise Heppner, Mrs. A. S. Cun
ningham, Mrs. Frank A. Vail, Miss Maud
Cluff, Mrs. William Abbott, Miss Lotta
Collson, Miss Grace Bertz. Miss M. S.
Smith. Miss E. Umbsen, Mrs. T. L. Hen
derson, Miss Susan Darneal, Misses
Grace and Blanche Macpherson, Miss
Cora Kalsey. Miss Belle Rapp. Miss Lu
cile Smith. Miss Roberts and Miss Eliza
beth Kavanagh.
■ » ■ —
£«nuggled Liquor.
Last Wednesday afternoon Customs In
spectors took off the persons of Chi
namen going ashore from tl^e steamer
Coptic seventy-eight quart bottles of Chi
nese rice -whisky and fifty-five gallons of
samshu. When Surveyor Spear heard of
the seizure he ordered a thorough search
of the ship and the search was rewarded
by the discovery of sixty gallons of sam
shu and 114 quart bottles of rice whisky.
The duty on the goods seized will amount
to about |6vv. t
SHOT FIRED
THROUGH HIS
FRONT WINDOW
Narrow Escape of
"Con" McAuliff-
TROUBLE AT HARBOR VIEW
S. A. WELLS FORCIBLY ABDUCTS
HIS OWN CHILD.
Ho Is Now Under Arrest on Two
Charges of Assault With
Intent to Commit
Murder.
"Con" McAullff, an old pensioner living
1 at Harbor View, swore to two complaints
In Judge Joachimsen's court yesterday
for the arrest of S. A. Wells, a transfer
j agent on Mission street, near the water
j front, on charges of assault with Intent
to commit murder.
According to McAuliff's story "Wells has
been divorced from his wife about eight
month*. She obtained the custody of the
four children, three boys and a girl. She
took up her residence at Harbor View,
and being acquainted with McAuliff's
family she used to visit them. She often
complained of her husband annoying her
and trying to take the little girl away
from her.
Saturday night she came to McAuliff's
house with her four children and asked
for shelter, as her husband and two other
men had driven her out of the house.
McAuliff accommodated them, and along
about midnight Wells and his two friends,
I who had been searching for the mother
i and children, made their appearance at
McAuliff's house and demanded admit
tance.
"One of them stood at the gate," said
McAuliff, "to prevent any of my neigh
bors coming to my assistance, and Wells
and another man, who said he was a
Deputy Sheriff, ordered me to open the
door and let them in, as they wanted to
get possesion of the little girl. I was
standing in my nightshirt at the front
I window, and when I told them to go away
Wells fired a shot at me from a revolver,
and the bullet broke the glass and
whizzed past my face. Then they went
to the rear, broke open the door and com
pelled me to light the chandelier I have
in the kitchen. After I had done that
Wells pointed the revolver at me and
made me throw up my hands, threaten
ing to kill me if I did not show him
where his wife and children were.
"They forced their way into the bed
room where Mrs. Wells and the cnikirer.
were, and Wells forcibly carried off V\e
little girl, after telling his wife that ha
would kill her if she made any resistance.
The man who called himself a deputy
Sheriff I have since ascertained was not
a deputy Sheriff but a friend of Wells,
and I could recognize him if I saw him
again. The bullet that Wells fired through
I the window at me struck the bureau
I drawers in the room and chipped a piece
off them. It passed so close to my face
as to be uncomfortable."
Wells was arrested yesterday afternoon
and taken to the Harbor police station.
] being later removed to the City Prison.
I He says that for a long time he and his
wife did not get along together, owing to
her fondness for wine and other men s
company. He forgave her frequently for
the sake of the children, but finally he
sued for and obtained a divorce from her
and was given the custody of the children.
He put three of them out to board and
kept the other at home with him.
One day last week he had occasion to go
to the Presidio, and while there ran
across his eldest boy, who had run away
from the home where he had been placed.
Wells took him home, but a day or two
later the toy again ran away, and took
his little sister with him. Wells found
that hi? wife had taken the children with
her and was living at McAuliff's house.
When he found the house he hammered
on the door and demanded admittance.
After a brief delay a window was opene l
and IlcAuliff refused to open the door.
Then he and a friend who was with him
forced their way into the house, and what
h« saw made him mad, and he spoke his
mind to McAullff and the woman. He
flourished the revolver and McAuliff and
the woman fled. He denied firing a shot
through the window.
In the Divorce Courts.
William H. Russell was granted a di
vorce from Ida B. Russell yesterday on
the ground of extreme cruelty. Hattie B.
Posner has boen granted a divorce from J.
Posner on the ground of willful desertion.
Eva Sweeney has applied for a divorce
from Charles W. Sweeney on the ground
of desertion. Addie Purdy asks for a di
vorce from James S. Purdy on the ground
of cruelty. Herminia B. Gordon alleges
that for some time past her husband,
Percy Gordon, has failed to contribute to
her support, and she asks for a divorce
upon that ground.
Whisky Killed a Sailor.
The body of th^ man who died suddenly
at the St. George lodging-house yesterday
morning was identified as that of Jere
miah Casey, a seafaring man. Alcoholism
was the cause of death.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak rcen. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
Bt'PTIJRE cured by his new meth-
od without knife, truss or detention
fro'm work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure- VABICO<ELE, hydro-
cele swelling and tenderness of the
elands treated with unfailing success.
4 unta^ioiiN blood poison in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system, ladies will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free of charge. Address
F. L. SWEANY. M. D., 737 Market
street. San Francisco. CaL
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
NOVEMBER 26 AND 27-
NON-WINNERS' STAKE
AND
SAPLING STAKE!
Take a Mission-street car and It will land
you at tha gates.
ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREB, ._MISS ROWENA
DEFEATED A
SELECT TRIO
Outran Mary Black
and Hugh Penny.
FAVORITES AGAIN FARED WELL
PAT DUNNES COLT AILYAR ES
CAPED A BEATING.
Red Glenn Earned Another Pair of
Brackets — Bernardillo Had a
Fit of the Sulks—Out
away's Victory.
flve furlong Feramble at Ingleside
yesterday was a pretty bit of rac- i
•iceit, but the other numbers on
■. , : below mediocrity. In the j
event mentioned started four very I
ces of turf bric-a-brac— Miss
Rowena. Mary Black, the veteran Hugh
Penny and Libertine. The latter appears
c lost his grip, and was lightly con-
I in the betting. Miss Rowena was
the s'iek of the heavy investors, closing
10 favorite. She won and was un
aiy lucky. Getting away first the !
lUt filly led throughout, just beat- I
[ary Black a scant half length in
ter Rieff, on the latter, waited
ng before making his move or the
::i crack would probably have had
mber displayed on top. His first |
time out, Hugh Penny made a remark
ably good showing, being beaten but a
• the pla.ce. As it was he might
v. :i at a trifle longer distance.
■ rites were again in winning
form, capturing four purses. The twenty
ikers found business very dull, the
: irket feeling depressed after the
. iy rush.
he race turned out Pat Dunne's
Himyar colt Allyar found no cakewalk
in the opening scramble for two-year-
Away from the post badly, he was
). anl-ridden by Martin to beat Reina de
tuna less than a length. Midlove, after
making the pace, broke it up badly at the
end.
"Butch" Fisher carved another water
melon with Potente in the mile selling
run. The gelding was played from 5 to 1
down to 9 to 5 and won all the way from
an ordinary crowd. Bliss Rucker, the
lukewarm favorite, easily took the place
from BicFarlane. The ring was very
sh about handling the Potente
:nd his party got very little on at
top odds.
The stable and the talent in general
Bernardillo to win the mile
aiTi a furlong run and fell with a crash.
The horse with blinkers got bumped at
rst turn and sulked all the way
Glenn, a 6 to 1 chance,
the running and won with ease
imela. The two-year-olda
Btarted proved rank counterfeits.
The big Bprinter Mainstay ruled favor
ite for the six furlong spin, fourth on the
card; but Martin rude him wide the whole
route, enabling Thorpe on Outaway, a 6
to 1 shot, to win without much effort.
Juanita got away as if shot from a cata
pult, but couldn't stay the journey.
Martin sat on Btepabout, the S to 5
choice for the last event, a seven furlong
'. and w.'is in front from the time
the fiold was dispatched. The mare was
looking for a reclining chair nearing the
wire, but lasted out, beating Toribio less
. . a leiigth.
Turf ITotes.
Jockeys Spencer and N. Turner got in
from the PZastcrn country and will be seen.
in the saddle to-day.
Bullman was fined $50 by the judges for
riding. He had the mount on Red
and wanted the entire track to him
self.
"Skeets" Martin is now riding in excel
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Friday, Nov. 25, 1898.— Eleventh day
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track slow.
1 F SMITH. Presiding Judge.
JAKES F. CALD-
C%f»t FIKST RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight.
Bt.
Um.
I %m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
(241) Ailyar ! 116! 4
284 Reina de Cuba 108 1
234 Mldlove 113 2
247 Feliclte 98 3
:::
...
3 2
2 1
1 2
4
2 3
3 2
1 2
4
2 2
3 4
1 1
4
1 % H. Martin
2 ns E. Jones
3 10 Thorpe
4 iMcNichols ...|
3-5 2-5
10 60
3-2 11-5
30 100
:, P. Dunne's b. c. by HImyar-Aileen Aroon. Poor start. Won first
ttr Ailyar Vl g<?t away nearly six lengths behind the others. He is an extremely clever bit of
rarinK furnfi red badly at the end.
C\£*C) BECi ND P. ACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Aee. Welpht.
St.
%m.
Hm.
%m.
Jockeys.
... Potente, ?.
2r.i Bli«<; Rucker, 3
• Parlane, C I
• nde, 3 106 4
240 Gratify. B :
• . 4 112 3
. -o. 3
ruing, 3
ireka. a H5| 7
1 1
3 4
8 4
2 h
7 1
4 M
9
5 6
8 4
1 1
2 2
6 5
3 4
76
4^4
9
54
84
1 3
2 5
7 4
3 6
fB%
4 *
8 6
O D
6%
9
1 4
2 6
5 2
3%
4%
6 4
8 6
7 6
9
14
2 S I
3 h
42
56
64
76
8 15
9
|H. Martin....
5
6-5
4
«
6
20
7
4
50
9-5
8-5
6
25
12
60
25
6
100
IThorpe
Powell
Mf Nichols ....
Ilr.virk
[Snider
Bullman
IRutter
lOolflen 1
UK
ir. t . Winner. W. Fisher's b. g. by Raclne-Pow Tow. Poof start. Won easily.
fllVtTO only ones that had a chance when the barrier went up. Beau
MondTwjU Potente Is no crackajack.
r»r»O THIHD RACE o re and an eighth miles; selling; all ages; purse, $400.
zDDi
Index. Horse. Ape. Weight.
Std.
Km. Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(239) Red Glenn, a 107 1
(251) Benamela, 5 107 6
(227) Bernardillo, 4 1071 2
•251 Tim. 2 -••- "> 4
237 Judge Woftord, 2... 72 3
208 Oraibee, 2... 75| a
1 n
R Vx
1 1
3 1
4 h
6
1 h
5 2
4%
2 2
6
3%
1 2
3 h
6 4
2 M
6
4 3
32
2 h
4 1
3 2
6
5 3
1 3
2 3
8 3
4 4
6 3
6
1 4
2 3
Z 4
4 4
5 6
6
(Bullman
IRutter
|Jones
Meany
J. Reiff
J. Italy
9-2 ':'! 6
9-2 &v 6
4-5 7-10
20 60
7 6
10 15
Winner, E W. rurser's b. g. by Glen Elm-Red Girl. Good start. Won
Pa!!l KeVn'ard?no wii? liumr^'l a' turn and -would not try thereafter. He carried a stable
rnmralsflfii. The two-y<>ar-olds were a poor assortment. Glenn Is In fine fettle now.
_■»_-» A FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
zo4.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m. ;
lira.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
" 0-1 Outawav 5 10713 ... 3% 33 Hi 11 ! Thorpe 5 6
&'\ Mainstay 6 ..-.1071 2 ... 2 '4 2 1 2 2 2 2 IH. Martin 1 8-5
6 Juanlta 4 •• 104 1 ... 18 1*4 3 4 33 Fmwley 20 60
|2 captive 5 107,4 ... 6 B 4h 4h IRutter 3 7-2
t?tr\ Whiteomb. 4 10415 ... 4% 42 £ C Gray....* 9-1 9-2
mn-giTlMi 'l^dwlg. "--""i ' — tpiKsott 6 10
TUne." 1:16%. Winner, Kelly Bros. 1 b. h. by Blue Eyes-Etna. Bad start. Won first
1 re outaway 'was the best and always looked a winner. Mainstay Is rot himself. Captive
and Whltcomb ran bad rac<»3. ■ . '
Artt FIFTH RACE— Five furlongs; all ages; purse. $400.
arj'e
Martin
iwley
tter
iy — «
KOtt
5
1
20
2
■2
5
6
8-5
60
7-2
9-2
10
Index. Hots*. Age. "Weight.
%m.
%m.
Ftr.
<207) Miss Rowpna, 3... .1141 2 ... 1^ . 1 3H 13 1% r ott » - J 9 : 10
(238) Mary Black, 3 114 I ... 3 5 2h 2 2 2 ns L. Relff 6-5 8-5
HtiKh Penny, a.. ..114 1 ... 2h 3 10 3 15 3 10 Thorpe 6 6
TO Libertine, a. 117 4 ... 4 4 4 4 Shields 30 50
• Time. 1:00*;. "Winner, W. D. Randall's ch. f. by Imp. Midlothian-imp. Taloma. Good
. 6tar Winnp'r outbroke 6 the others." Refff waited too long with Mary Black. Penny will win
next time out. '"
2
3
1
4
H
2 h
4
13*4
2 h
3 10
4
1 3
2 2
3 15
4
1 %
2 ns
3 10
_4^
c
iff
1 9-10
6-5 8-5
6 6
30 50
i '
(%f>(* SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Hoife.
%m.
%m.
fitr.
(230) Stepabout 1
242 Toriblo K
244 Imperious 1<
244 Inverary IT 11
248 little Alarm V
2.'.9 Hohenlohe 1'
251 Bonnie lone II
229 Col. Dan 1C
4
[I
2
7
2
6
3
!
S
5
1 I
2 1%
3 1
6 1
4 h
7 3
8
5 h
11.
2 h
3 h
6 4
6 H
7 2
8
4 h
12
2 h
3 2H
4 1
7 8
6%
I
5 2
1 1
2 1
3 2
4 6
6 2
8 1
7
8
3 1
4 10
6 6
6 3
7 10
8
|H. Martin
iFrawley
iWard
Everson
Gr,ay
Jones
PigBOtt .......
S-5
S
7-2
15
15
8
7
8
8-5
6
3
20
30
10
7
12
i Woods
Time, l:29'4. Winner. W. Fisher's br. f. by imp. St. George-Gadabout. Good start.
°Mart!n ca*n%mother the other lightweights. Torihlo hung on well. Sloppy goinff suits
Imperious better Inverary was coming fast. Everson's alarm clock failed f* if) on.
Hohenlohe will win In the near future. Weight anchored Bonnie lone.
.-• •:• - ' ■■■ - ■ -:'■ • ■ ■■••..' ...-■". >.... ■ ■ •
lent form. He was thrice past tho wire on
winners yesterday.
Horsemen are reminded of the fact that
entries to eleven of the stakes of the Pa
cific Coast Jockey Club to be run after
January 1, close with Secretary Green to
day.
In the suit of Mrs. I. F. Bull of Alameda
against C. F. Bunch for the possession or
the race horse Much Better, or its equiva
j lent, $2000, together with damages, defend
ant yesterday filed a motion for change of
I venue to Santa Clara, Defendant also
I filed a demurrer on the grounds that the
j complaint does not state facts sufficient to
constitute a cause; that the complaint is
uncertain in that it cannot be ascertained
therefrom at what time defendant came
into possession of Much Better, nor
whether he came into possession wrong
fully or otherwise.
Following are to-day's entrlea:
First Race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
selling.
241 Anchored 1O6 : (247) Jerry Hunt 106
243 Sam McKeever.lo6 255 Limewater 113
144 Santa Flora 95 (243)Ri0 Chlco 105
243 Ocorona 103 ■ 249 Almoner 110
243 Stamina 106 i
Second Race— One mile; selling.
224 Anabasis 10f> ... Q. B. M0rT18...103
254 Jack o' Lantern. lo2 2-48 Lodestar 109
Third Race— On» and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing.
2ES Our Johnny 107! 40 Adam Andrew. .lo2
204 Cromwell 104 (191) Wheel Fortune. lo2
j 251 Doremus 67
Fourth Race— Seven furlongs; two-year-olds;
Sunnyslde Stakes.
249 Los Medanos....ll3 f2ss)Ventoro 110
225 Olinthus 123 (261)A.llyar 118
(203) First Tenor 113 256 LJmewater 113
(249) Gauntlet 113|
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs; selling.
223 Novla 104 ...Prince Tyrant. .lo7
... Major H00ker. ..104 211 Kamsln 109
258 Yankee Doodle.. 112 2ti2 Baliverso 104
... Paul Griggs 107- 230 Cabrillo 112
Sixth Race — Four and a half furlongs; selling;
j two-year-old maidens.
I 247 Silver Beaux.. ..1051 247 Faversham 108
247 Abano 95! 213 Cheated 98
249 Don't Tell 95| 237 My Dear 95
238 Raclvan 96 (
Selections for To-Day.
First Race— Sam McKeever, LJmewater,
Ocorona.
Second Race— Lodestar, G. B. Morris, Ana
! basis.
I Third Rac«— Wheel of Fortune, Cromwell,
Doremus.
Fourth Race— Burns & Waterhouse's Stable,
I Ventoro.
Fifth Race— Yankee Doodle, Cabrillo, Paul
I Griggs.
Sixth Race— My Dear, Silver Beaux, Faver
sham.
Handball at Ryan's Court.
To-morrow's programme at Phil Ryan's
court at SSS Howard street promises to be
more than ordinarily Interesting from the
fact that the return game between the
Olympics and Ariels will be played. In
addition to this, the following entries
have been" announced:
ML Dillon and P. Kelly vs. P. Hutchin
son and A. Pennoyer. ■
J. White and E. Curley vs. R. Murphy
and J. Collins.
P. Ryan and W. Fisher vs. W. Hassell
and B. Clements. _
M. Basch and J. Condon vs. J. Dowling
and A. Mclnnerney.
Continuation of the Ariel Club tourna
ment: Dr. W. H. Sieberst and D. J.
Sheehan (.Olympic) vs. E. McDonough and
Colonel J. R. Bockman (Ariel).
Second game in same series: W. H.
Kedian and L. Waterman (Olympic) vs.
S V Costello and E. Lynch (Ariel).
J. C. Nealon and M. J. Kilgallon vs.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton.
Berkeley Boys Banquet.
The annual banquet of the editors, man
agers and contributors— both past and
present— of the University of California
college paper, the Occident, took place at
the California last evening. Covers were
set for about thirty and, A. G. Eels of '86
acting toastmaster, the occasion proved
a highly enjoyable one.
James Hopper, editor and varsity end
last year, spoke with pardonable en
thusiasm on the subject of football; and
the toast, "The Paper of To-day," met
with a fitting response from the present
editor, Stewart G. Masters. The prevail
ing hues in the table decorations were
yellow and blue.
Knocked Down by a Wagon.
A laundry vrajron which was being
driven by Joseph Larrin ran Into a wom
an named Mrs. Jane EUer at Sixth and
Market streets last evening, knocking her
down and severely bruising her. The In
jured woman refused to go to the Re
ceiving Hospital. The driver of the
wagon was arrested and charged with
fast driving and battery.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1898.
START OF AN INTERESTING RACE.
AFTER being bar bound at Eureka for a few days the steam schooners South Coast, Brunswick, Samoa, North
Fork and Scotia got away for San Francisco almost in a bunch. The Brunswick was the first away and the
first to arrive, but the Samoa won the race, as she made the run in twenty-two hours. The Brunswick was
twenty-three hours, while the North Fork took twenty-five hours. As the steamers were passing out the schooner
J. G. Wall was passing in so the picture was a very pretty one about that time.
FIVE-CORNERED
RACE BETWEEN
STEAM VESSELS
From Eureka to the
Golden Gate.
THE SAMOA WAS THE WINNER
BRUNSWICK A CLOSE SECOND,
NORTH FORK THIRD.
Debris Commissioners Will Make a
Tour of the Sacramento River
on the Steamer Aurora
To-Day.
Quite an interesting race was begun at
Eureka on Thanksgiving day. A num
ber of steam schooners had been bar
bound, and five of them went out over
the bar at the same time. They were
the South Coast, Brunswick, Samoa,
North Fork and Scotia. As they were
passing out the schooner J. G. Wall was
passing in, so the scene was a very in
spiriting one. The five steamers kept well
together for a time, but the Brunswick
gradually drew ahead and came into San
Francisco a good first. The next one to
get in was the Samoa, while the North
Fork was a close third. All the vessels
were lumber laden and helped out by
the strong northerly breeze made very
quick runs.
In point of actual steaming the Samoa
won the race, as she came down in twen
ty-two hours, while the Brunswick was
twenty-three hours, and the North Fork
twenty-five hours from wharf to wharf.
The river steamer Aurora left here for
Sacramento yesterday under charter to
the California Debris Commission. She is j
to leave Sacramento at S a. m. to-day and
will take the Commissioners up the river
as far as Klkhorn, and will then come
back, going down the river as far as
Newton Flats, near Kio Vista. All the
Btreama emptying into the Sacramento
will be examined and the workings of hy
draulic mining looked into. The com
mission is to make an extensive report to
the next Legislature.
The Italian cruiser Etna g-oes to the
navy yard to-day. She will be docked and
overhauled and will then proced to Italy.
The barkentlne Catherine Sudden has
been chartered to go to Clipperton Island
to load guano for Honolulu. After dis
charging the guano she will bring a cargo
of sugar to San Francisco. The Sudden,
since her return from Kotzebue Sound,
has been in the lumber trade and was
chartered to go to the Sound for an
other load when she was taken for this
Reinsurance on the following vessels is
being paid: Laurelbank, Shanghai for
Astoria, eighty-seven days out, 85 per
cent; Valkyrian, Newcastle, N. S. W., for
Iquique, 108 days out, So per cent; Colbert,
Port Natal for Tacoma, 124 days out, 10
per cent; Scottish Hills, Hongkong for
Han Francisco, 184 days out, 5 per cent;
St. John, Philadelphia for Hiogo, 207 days
out, 5 per cent.
Carpenter Gavin Garson of the British
ship Balmoral, has a grievance against
the captain and mate. He wanted to go
ashore and was ordered into irons by the
mate for persisting. Captain Campbell
released him, but said if he deserted, his
clothing, tools and pay would be held.
Garson deserted, and he now wants the
British Consul to secure his clothing and
tools. This the Consul refuses to do, and
the carpenter says he will get out a
search warrant.
CRACKED HIS SKXJUL
Harry Gerken Assaulted With a
Pitcher by Thomas Burke.
While entertaining several friends at his
house, 658 Folsom street, last evening,
Harry Gerken. who Is employed at the
Union Iron Works, was struck^ on the
head with a water pitcher by Thomas
Burke, one of his guest*. The blow frac
tured his skull. Immediately after the
assault Burke left the house and up to a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR 25 YEARS
HAS BEEN RECO«rttMDED BY
EMINENT PHYSICIANS
As the Best Natural Aperient Water.
UNEQUALLED AS A REMEDY FOR
Constipation and Stomach Disorders.
Get the Genuine!
late hour last night he had not been ar-
e The 'injured man was at once removed
to the Receiving Hospital where it was
found necessary to trephine his skull.
The operation was performed b> ur.
Martley. assisted by Dr. Zobel. The sur
geons fear that the wound will prove
fatal.
THE RAND DISTRICT.
Its Wells, Sunk Through Solid Bock,
Yield an Enormous Flow
of Water.
Frederic M. Mooers, one of three pros
pectors to discover quartz In the Rand
district in April, 1595, now a guest at tho
Palace, gives some interesting informa
tion concerning the present status of min
ing operations in that region.
"The original discovery," he said last
evening, "was made by a unique system
of prospecting, consist ing in dry wash
ing the auriferous gravel in the gulches
which eventually led to the cone-shaped
mountains of an altitude or 4SUO teet— •
composed, in great part, of decomposed
j quartz. By this primitive method we
panned out for a time $o0 per day. The
numerous dykes which intersect the pro
ductive portion of the district are diornes
and porphyrys of undoubted laccolithie
origin— a reservoir or cistern of the molt
en stone or lava under the earth's crust.
Many centuries of subsequent erosion
have stripped off and borne away this
uplifted and broken crust, and the cooled
and congealed laccolith now stand forth
as independent mountains."
"How about your water supply?
"While, as you know, many mines in
the State have been obliged to shut down.
of late, there, on the desert, where it
was least expected to be found, we have
an abundance obtained by sinking wells
through the solid rock to a depth of Zw
feet. Our last blast, In drifting, last
week, resulted in such a flow from a sub
terraneous current— undoubtedly that of
an underground river— that the workmen
I had to fly for their lives, leaving their
; tools behind. A test, by a duplex pump,
gives the flow as 150,000 gallons per day
of twenty-four hours. This was the ca
pacity of the pump. How much greater
the total flow is. it is difficult to tell.
Our mining company alone has taken out,
during the past jrear, over $rr>o.ooo in gold;
has paid $188,000 in dividends; has a sur
plus in bank of $50,000 (to pay for a thirty
stamp mill, now being erected at the
mines) a water plant, costing $30,0w, and
$100 030 In buildings and machinery. Fur
thermore, not one dollar of outside capi
tal lias ever been put into the mine. It
was a grass root proposition at the start.
We have a forty-foot ledge, with SO feet
back."
Bank Was Not Responsible.
Judge Hebbard handed down a decision
yesterday in the case of the German Sav
ings and Loan Society against Henry Kis
sane, Collins & Lyons, and H. P. Grin
neli, and ordered 'judgment entered for
the plaintiff. In June of this year the de
fendants had $8000 on deposit in plaintiff's
bank. Of this amount $2500 was drawn oul
of the bank upon a written order purport
ing 1 to have been signed by Grinnell, and
deposited in another bank to defendant's
credit. Subsequently it was again drawn
from bank upon orders the defendants
declared were forgeries. A claim against
the bank for the sum was made by the
defendants and the bank brought suit to
declare such claim invalid, with the result
that judgment was entered in the bank's
favor as prayed for.
Dedication of a C. E. Launch.-
Golden Gate Christian Endeavor Union
will dedicate its launch at the wharf
at the foot of Powell street to
morrow at 3:30 p. m. S. L. Rigdon, M. D.,
will officiate, and addresses will be made
by Ro'ia V. Watt and others. San Fran
cisco has now equal faciltty for carrying
on floating work as our Eastern ports,
and this launch will be used to carry
workers to ships coming into harbor be
fore they dock. They will hold services on
board incoming vessels and invte then-,
to use tne conveniences of the Mariners'
Church Institute and Reading-room at
Sacramento and Drumm streets. All inter
ested in the welfare of sailors fire Invited
to be present at the dedication ser\'ices.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkin sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
-. ♦ .
Justifiable Homicide.
A Coroner's jury in the case of the
death of Arthur Brown, who died from
the effects of a fractured skull caused
by a club in the hands of A. Blerwith, a
lodging-house keeper, returned a verdict
yesterday of justifiable homicide. The
testimony was that while Biorwith was
ejecting; Brown the deceased took hold of
his coat and was about to pull Blerwith
over thr> banisters, and that Blerwith, to
save himself from injury and possibly
death, drew the club from his pocket and
ptruck Brown on the head with it to make
him let go.
CAPTAIN McKENNA
RETURNED HOME
A RUINED MAN
Misfortune Pursued
Him for Years.
HE LOST ALL HIS VESSELS
THE FEARLESS ARRIVED LAST
NIGHT WITH NO WHALES.
All Have Words of the Highest
Praise for the Way Lieutenant
Jarvis Conducted the Re
lief Expedition.
Captain James McKenna returned from
the Arctic last night, after an absence of
four years, a practically ruined man. Six
years ago he was one of the foremost
owners of whaling vessels in the world,
and ranked second only to the Pacific
Steam Whaling Company. In 1892 began
the series of disasters that have finally
left him without a cent, whereas at one
time he could have signed his check for
$l!K>,000 and it would have been honored.
In those days he was considered the luck
iest man in the business, and whalers
wore tumbling over each other to get a
chance to sail in his ships. To-day the
steam whaler Fearless is his In name
only.
In the season of 1891-92 McKenna nad
in the Arctic the whaling barks Sea
Breeze, James Allen, John P. West,
Northern Light and Hunter, the brig W.
il. Meyer and the schooner Bonanza.
These vessels cost him in the neighbor
hood of $100,000 to fit out. The Sea Breeze
came back with 10,000 pounds of bone, the
James Allen with 6000 pounds. The- John
P. West was burned at Honolulu, ncr
crew having set her on fire. The North
ern Light^and W. H. Meyer came back
i i an. and the Hunter brought back 28,000
and the Bonanza 5500 pounds of bone.
In ix) 3 the season's catch was a poor one
and the Sea Breeze was wrecked on the
Alaska coast. Then McKenn determined to
go s-toam whaling, and in Norway pur
chased the Fearless. He and Captain
John Witham went to Stockholm and
sailed the vessel to the Arctic. That was
in LH'A, and that year McKenna had only
fitted out tht Reindeer and James Allen.
The Northern Light and Hunter were in
Oakland Creek. Misfortune was still
close on McKenna's heels, however, and
both the Reindeer and James Allen were
wrecked.
Wlun the news of these disasters
reached McKenna he determined to have
one mure try at fortune, so, with the as
sistance of his friends, he fitted out the
Northern Light, and she sailed for Point
Harrow on July 3, 1&94, in charge of Cap
tain B. Cogan. At the point the Fearless
joined her, and that year both vessels
wintered in the Arctic.
In 1895 and LS'.iG neither vessel took a
whale, so the bark was sent home. In
IVJ7, while trying to return to San Fran
cisco, the Fearless, with the rest of the
fleet, was caught in the ice. The other
vessels helped the crew of the Fearless
out during the winter, but the men had
a hard time of it, and came back with
but little money coming to them.
During Captain McKenna s absence his
creditors took the Northern Light and
Hunter and sold them. They were after
ward put on the run to Kotzebue Sound
when the gold discoveries were made
Tho Fearless, the last of the whaling
fleet to arrive, anchored off Metggs wharf
last night, and none of the men were al
lowed ashore despite the fact that the
vessel comes from a domestic port and
has a clean bill of health. Captain Mc-
Kenna is naturally not exactly pleased
with the outcome of his four years' cruise.
The officers of the ship who were em
ployed on shares of the expected catch
rftiirii without a cent, but for the last
two years the crew has been working on
wages, and each of the forty-three men
has something coming to him, some hav
ing as much as $300 to their credit. Cap
liim McKenna spoke in the highest praise
of tho work done by Lieutenant Jarvis
and Dr. Call of the relief expedition.
"Nothing too good can be said of Lieu
tenant Jarvis and the magnificent work
he did," said the captain. "He was the
right man in the right place, and per
formed the duty in a most practical man
ner. The masterly way in which he took
charge of the men after he reached us
won our admiration. While he was firm
with all he made no enemies and had the
respect and friendship of every man in
the ileet.
"My vessel played In hard luck through
out the cruise. We were always in the
■wrong place. Innumerable times we struck
places where whales had been seen in
plenty just before our arrival, and th.en
we would learn that after we left they
had appeared again. The first two years
out we took six whales, the bone from
which we sent to San Francisco. The
next year we stayed out a little too late
and were caught in an Ice pack off Cape
Sabine and had to carry our provisions
fifty miles.
"Last year when caught in the ice we
were but thirty miles from Point Barrow.
If we had been able to go thirty-five miles
further I believe that we would have come
out all right. We had about two months'
provisions at the time. Soon after this
the wreck of the Navarch was picked up
by the natives about twenty miles away,
and by trading we secured the provisions
found on her. When these were about
gone Lieutenant Jarvis arrived with aid.
We had enough to eat all the time, but
had to figure pretty close. Ten ducks
made a meal for the forty-three men, and
those who secured a leg were considered
the fortunate ones. We had no sickness
to amount to anything, but scurvy broke
out among the men just before the ar
rival of the relief expedition. Dr. Call
took immediate charges of the cases and
soon had all of the men well.
Mr. Richardson, the mate of the Fear
less, was paralyzed, and returned on the
Bear, his place being taken by Captain
Coffin, formerly of the Rosano. The voy
age from t'nalaska was made in thirteen
days, pleasant weather being enjoyed all
the way down. When the vessel left
Plover Bay on October 24, the steamers
Alexander and Bowhead were there,
where they expected to remain until No
vember 25 In hopes of catching some of
the late whales. Last year the natives
say that seventeen came into the bay as
late as this. The Bowhead took two bow
head whales after the others left the
Arctic. Two were sighted by the Fear
less, but the boat steerers missed them.
THE WILL OF BRAVE
CAPTAIN J. L WHITE
RELATIVES GET THE BULK OF
HIS RICH ESTATE.
'
Solemnly Declares That He Was ;
Never Married and Has No Chil
dren by Birth, Adoption or
Acknowledgment.
The will of brave Captain J. Lloyd j
"White, who met his death during the
burning of the Baldwin Hotel, was filed ;
for probate yesterday. The exact value
and character of the estate is at present |
unknown to the executors named in the j
will. George Costello and Richard Morri- j
son. and in their petition they simply
state that the estate upon which they \
seek letters testamentary will exceed $10,- j
000 in value. With but few exceptions
the bequests are made to the immediate
relatives of the- deceased as follows:
To Maria White, decedent's mother, re
siding In New York, the interest on $10,
000 during her life, and on her death the
principal is to be divided between Emma
Costello, a sister, and George Costello,
her husband; to Emma Costello and
George Costello, to be paid on the settle
ment of the estate, $25,000; to William H.
White, a brother, who resides in New
York $7500, and to his children, share and
share alike, $10,000;. to Robert White, a
brother, $7500, and to his children, share
and share alike, $5000; to Benjamin G.
White, a brother, and his children, share
and share alike, $5000; to Joseph J. jhite.
a brother, residing in this city. *>«»: to
Lloyd White, son of Joseph J. TVhite.
$5000; the second son of Joseph J. White,
$2000 to the children of Fanny Morrison,
a deceased sister, share and share alike
120 000; to Charles G. Gebhardt of this
city $10,000; to Richard Morrison a
brother-in-law, some diamond jewelry;
to George Costello. a brother-in-law sev
eral pieces of jewelry. The residue of the
Istate such as wardrobe, trunks, pictures,
etc., is bequeathed to George Costello.
In conclusion the testator says: I do
solemnly declare that I am not married,
also that I have no children. I have
noted, however, the facility with which
sworn testimony may be procured and
produced in support of the claims of al
leged widows and adopted children and
the frequent recurrence of such claims
in recent years. I therefore make ex
press provision in this my will as follows:
1 bequeath to such person as shall be
found proved and established to be my
surviving wife or widow the sum of $00.
and to each person who shall be found to
be my child by birth, adoption, acknowl
edgment or otherwise the sum of $50.
■ - -
DEATH CLAIMS MBS. TJHLHORN.
Passed Away After an Illness of Over
Ten Years.
Death claimed Mrs. Gertrude Jrank
lln fhlhorn. mother of Mrs. Gertrude Ath
erton the authoress, and grandmother of
Miss ' Muriel Atherton, last Wednesday
afternoon. Mrs. Uhlhom's death has long
been expected. She has been an invalid,
a victim of heart disease, for the past ten
* The deceased was a daughter of Stephen
Franklin, a direct descendant of Benjamin
Frank n Mrs. Atherton is now in Eng
land, but the granddaughter Miss Muriel
Atherton was with Mrs. Lhlhorn when
she died ' The funeral and Interment of
the deceased, both of which were private,
were held yesterday. . Services were held
at the home of the deceased on Webster
street, only the most intimate friends and
relatives being present.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, November 25.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 51 hours from Hu
eneme - TRAN SATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Bul
garia, from Hamburg; etmr St Paul, from
SO rr U ml 7 A P DELPHIA-Salled Nov 25-Stmr Ken
slngton, for Hamburg.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers. Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In C«msj«ndlng With Any >f the roUowlag Krai PI»m« Mintlon "Th» Call"
APT WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
AKi WAKB An «i "__ -.^ LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln St.. 8. P.
THF P. ROSSI CO., • Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
1 HE. r-. lvyjcr«J» r*» kinds of Harness and Dealers In Burgles.
Artistic Furniture and flrt Ware Importers, CartSt etc . If you want bargains call or write.
117 SUTTER STREET. — HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
AUCTIONEERS. ft II ft Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
i*.— irilliP &CO- U i n FrCc e St "-- GUNS < k 'nal^ue et OE < O°'^v: SHREVE d
Auctioneers. » ILrL<lr »* WW San Francisco. v wnw 739 Market street. .■'■ | ,
— BELTING. ' IRON FOUNDERS.
■ n nrrtii " Manufacturer of Belting: and Western Foundry. Morton S Hedley. Props..
L. P. DEUEN, La" Leather. 105-107 Mis- 234 Fremont St. Castings of BTeryDe.
lion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562. scrlptlon Made to Order, el. Black fSOS.
— — ~ "" MANUFACTURERS.
BOILER MAKERS. GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFC. CO. '
T?TT"RTTir A TIOILER WORKS. Manufacture Blankets, Cassimeres, Tweeds and
UlUlUEjlvil. JJV/XiJUAV If VXVIi.W, F anne g> 535 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor. Goods for sale at all leading dry-goods stores.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship ■ MARINE INSURANCE.
Office and Work 8 -113:il5 MISSION ST. s ™ Am
°T 9an Telephone Main 5045. , SYZ foi^aiif^gst.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, the bernhard T tr^^ e t SJ n *Sa
' 342 VSaSS? SSta'.id* «S5S?r,. paper DEALERS.
Periodicals, dooks q w__ lUCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
■ CARR , AaB MAKERS. ■".. WILLAWt II L 722 Montgomery Street.
nmniCV £ CAVC— Makers and Dealers in PIANOS.
0 dKIEW tt 3lin JLandaus, Hacks. Victorias, .j^ oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
Sfßi"*is2slSL °' Jen Gate ave - " piano music S TOR .
"IiscTFERRINTBITTERS, KOH 2 & CHASE, •
CASCA FERRINC ml itKIS 28^ SO OFarreU st.
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic, Laxa- A corps of expert tuners and repairers. -
live At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA- PRINTING.
CEITTICAL CO., 1517 Market st. F r HIirHFQ PRINTER.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. C- V^- nUUnCQ, M l Sansome street.
I r WILSON & CO.. . STATIONER AND PRINTER.
J. \-». VVH-OWii yju 2r * Telegraphic r* ADTDinrF 306 CaJL
900 BATTERY STREET. Codes. PARTRIDGE fornla st.
Telephone Main 1864. . THP Hir¥« TTTTIIi TA Printers, Book-
— COPPERSMITHS. the HICKS- CO-, bl nders. ■ qH»t st.
SANDERS & CO., practical coppersmiths, TYPEWRITERS. • /
mfr's of sheet copper and tubing. improved con- . ■ , _ . ■
tlnuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First; WPJ*\ ill TvtiPwriferS Refltefl
all work guaranteed. •"^SSSWv 'A " ljpcnlllCls nCIIICU.
— ~ . ' fi^ir 'V??V Few partly used for sale cheap.
DENTIST. . leifeiL* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
nD r W DirHADTK 47 Post Street. J|^^^. L. &M. ALEXANDER,
UK* v- IT* KlWllAJlllJi SE. corner Kearny. ) 'agW« 110 Montgomery street.
FIRE , INSURANCE. WALLPAPER.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS • "WHOLESALE & retail: send for samples, stat«
411-413 California street, rear. ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
Capital Represented.. .......■■. ...over $14,000,000 , WAREHOUSEMEN.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. ■ THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
- nnvee C. ri\' ShlDDlnjt Butchers 104 Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
jas. BOYES& co., ..as^pmff, g^gH^F^a^lF
- HARDWARE. ,/ - - _■ / WATCHES. ETC. *
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters St Dealers t I riVTIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
•Tin Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.- !• LliPtUlt full IS-k. Wedding Rinsh 4SI «t
NEW POLICE STATION
WANTED BY LEES
ASKS SUPERVISORS IFOR AN EX
PENSIVE ONE.
Division of the City's Surplus Cash
Causes the Officials Much
Worriment.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
met yesterday, but did not come to a
decision regarding the apportionment
among the departments of the surplus
funds derived from the recent tax levy.
The Supervisors have auout $150,000 to dis
pose of, which had been reserved for a
new City and County Hospital and the
garbage collection contract. They will be
obliged to take some definite action in a
hurry or leave the $150,000 as a legacy ta
the incoming board, which no one who la
acquainted with affairs at the city buil>*
ing deems possible.
The Finance Committee decided not to
interfere with the $45 salary fine assessed
by the Police Commissioners against Pa
trol Driver Frank Murphy. Chief Lees
asked the Supervisors to place the ap
pointment of patrol drivers henceforth in
the hands of the Police Department, so
that the men could be efficiently con
trolled. It has been the custom for the
Supervisors to appoint the drivers.
The Market Street Railroad Company
filed a statement showing the gross re
ceipts of the North Beach and Mission
railroad for the two years ending Octo
ber 10, 1898, to have been $539,648.
The Committee on Health and Police
met also and heard an application from
Chief Lees for a new police station which
he desired to have erected on Seventeenth
street, in the Mission district. He esti
mated that the total cost of patrol sta
bles, station house, etc., would be about
$60,000. The committee was not ready to
make any recommendation to the Board
of Supervisors, but it is not Impossible
that a portion of that surplus of $150,000
now on hand may be set aside for the
I proposed station.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
V W Hartley, Vacavll W Hill. Trenton.
J C Leevee. VacaviUe JO C Pratt. Stanford
J L R Dlxon. Stanford B T Gillette, Stanford
E T Gardiner, Stanfrd C F Stone & w. Minn
E J Hoppin. Woodland B R Van Vorhis. Utah
M H Bresett. St. Louis E "Weston. N V
E E Richards & w,C->- R Cooper, N T
J W Miller, Oakland !O Obsnaner. Spokane
J A McGee. Berkeley J E Manlove, Sacto S
G T VcNoble. Stocktn'H X McLennan, Sacto
C N GiddinKs. Stanfrd G R Stewart. Crows L
F B Chandler. Stanfrd M T Gibson & w.Uklah
R S Neal & w, Redwd Mrs M Slusser, MtOlvt
E C Ely, Norwich Mrs R Slusser, MtOlvt
P Breen. Hollister J N Besse, Kings City
P. F Beamer. Berkeley C Casidy, Treka
J J Van Black. Berkly M F Martin, Yreka
C M Plumbe, S Mateo C W Eaeton. Modesto
R S Young. S Mateo E M Earl, Minn
L A "Wallace. S Mateo G Relter & w. Sacto
F N Heffron, Sacto Miss M L King. Stnfd
F R Fennell, Salem Miss G E Batneberg.
E W Henderson. Chlco Stanford
C Argues, San Jose M H Busett. St Louis
E X Potter, Stanford F M La Fayette & w,
F E Wadsworth. Yreka Burlington
J Manley, San Jc*e W L Rodgers. Watsnvl
I Horton, Llvermore G H Anderson, S Jose
P H McVlcker, Livrmr A A Brown. S Jose
F M Stern. S Jose B H Donnell. Berkeley
W Ellis. San Rafael M E Dalley, Fresno
E M Mason. Boston T M Bell. Ben Lomond
T E Keating, Pleasntn R M Van Norden Stnf
C L Crellin. FleasantniW P Thomas, Ukiah
Mrs J E Hanscum. Cal W Shaw, Fresno
J W Heard & w, Napa 1 J J Hebbron. Salinas
A S Neal & w.Cßedwd.P Dueber^Colton
W F Peterson. Sacto L E Down. L Ang
R P tirubb, Cal X de Plchon. Llvermre
R A Albert, Sacto O N Woodward. N V
PALACE HOTEL.
3 A Blttel. Chicago H B Smith. Milwkee /
M H Livingstone. N V T P Spitz. N V
G W Lelchtenberger & J Cross. L Ang
• ■wife NY G Kaiser. Illinois
J R Richards, Balto Mrs Kaiser, Illinois
T E Dennis, L Ang Miss Kaiser, Illinois
R W Kemp. Sonora AC Blair. L Ang
W Oakes. Tacoma W Stone, Palo Alto
W L McGulre, Stanfrd ' J B Peakea. S Cruz
V J Francis NY B U Steinman. Sacto
C Dunphy, Stanford Mrs Steinman. Sacto
T Chandler, Stanford Miss Stittmore, Sacto
E G Potter, Palo Alto |F C Towns. N V
W Johnson. Stockton C G Porter, Chicago
F C Perrln, S Jose Mr Drysdale & w. Cal
W Whitmore. Stanfrd T Flint Jr. S Juan
M Margolis. Berkeley 1 I L Tualey, Redwood
C Hall S Rafael J Arguello. 8 Jose
F G Russ, Palo Alto ' H Burmtnster, Cal •
'■ H L Ross Palo Alto G A Gutman, Cal
G Francis, Palo Alto Mrs Struve & c. Chg»
C Chapman, Palo Alto Miss Struve. Chicago
Gray Palo Alto C Punphy, Palo Alto
J Moore, Australia H Burch, Palo Alto
F Shuer. L Ang L Waite, Riverside
J Meagher. NSW N Murphy. Arizona
T Toland. Ventura W Lindsay. Cal
J R Murphy. London L Andrews, Ventura
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R Bennett Oakdale C W Derry. Chicago
CC de Witt, Delano R J Cadigan. Cal
A C Wolfe &d. Md H Atkinson, London
F T Taxon. Sacto L Johnson, Dawson
J J Connolly. Vallejo H G Puls, Eureka
Miss M Silver. Sn Jose C T Burch. Bakersfleld
T F Murray Mt View C A Witt & w, Hanfrd
G Reed. Calistoga F W Allen. Palo Alto
W A Martin. Benlcia J Howard, New York
T C Howe, Santa Rosa D Maguire, Stockton
T Morris. Denver . > .;
■ m ■
Nevills Jury Locked Up.
The arguments in the Nevills extortion
case were concluded yesterday and the
lury charged. At a late hour last nlpht
It had failed to agree on a verdict and
was locked up for the night.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sliver lower.
Wheat futures weaker. Barley future* firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Bran steady and Hay weak.
Bean? and Seeds as before.
Tomatoes lower and dull.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese as before. .
Turkeys lower and dull. i'--.
A car of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Game about the same.
Oranges and Limes tending downward.
Berries and Grapes slow of sale.
Provisions still dull.
Hogs lower. Veal firm.
Beef and Mutton weak.
Kice lower again.
Increased Imports of Specie.
A VALUABLE CARGO.
The Shantung took out the most valuable
cargo ever shipped from this port to China and
Japan. The total footed up over $1,014,000 and
Included 803.216 lbs Tobacco, 830 cases Con
demned Milk and $100,000 worth of Cotton for
Japan.
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign imports at this port during the first
ten months of the year amounted to $31,696,460,
against $33,217,626 for the same time in 189 r, and
included 16,667,658 from Japan, *5.14<.222 Jjom
China. $1,646,719 from Great Britain, J5.964.6.>3
from the Hawaiian Islands. 1U99.829 from Cen
tral America, $1,755,500 from British Columbia
and $1,931,860 from the East Indies.
IMPORTS OF SPECIE.
Imports of Specie at this port during the first
ten months of the year were $28,643,624, against
$10,201,400 for the same time in 1897, ami con
sisted of the following descriptions: Gold bul
lion. $2,601,587; .1.1 coin, $24.681.6W; sll\er !
lion, 11.145.399; sliver coin, $214 940 ***£%$?
share of these imports came from Australia.
which sent $21,560,703. Mexico sent fZ.OZt.O3a
and Japan $4,4"i,461.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. _ 25.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date
last reason, and rainfall mjast «*»»£„»
Stations- Hours. Season. Season.
fa vu cc r ra k memo-:::::::::: 0.0 iiy 2.74
San Francisco ...... 0 ; 0 ».« £«
££ Luis bbi^o .. 0.0 0.66 0.9!
1o« Angeles 0.0 0.11 -•**
San Diego ..::::::: 0.10 0.21 i:«
Tuma Trace 0.13 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; ■ minimum temperature, 49; mean tempera-
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure is central In Idaho
from which section the pressure diminishes
rapidly southward to a depression in Arizona,
and westward to a depression off the Washing
ton coast. The pressure in Western Washing- !
ton has fallen nearly half an inch in the last
twenty-four hours, which indicates that a
storm is approaching that section; however, it
is falling at Eureka, and consequently it is
not probable that it will affect California south
of Cape Mendoclno. Light rain has fallen in
extreme Southern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending November 26, 189S:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, execept
Increasing cloudiness on the northern coast;
fresh west wind.
Southern California— Saturday; fresh
northerly wind. '
Nevada — Fair Saturday; warmer in the north
ern portion.
t'tah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Saturday; fresh west
wind.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Satur
day; fresh west wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais—
•wind west. 6 miles; maximum temperature, 52;
current. 50.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— The action of the :
Btock market to-day was suggestive of a pro
cess of rather elaborate and cautious testing. i
The powerful allied Interests which have led '
the recent bull campaign refrained from buy- I
ing on a large scale to-day and seemed to j
occupy the position of lookers on at the profit
taking sales in progress, standing ready, how
ever, to come to the support of their favorites |
In the event of their being too hard pressed. *
Profit taking was very clearly in evidence in >
the Atchison issues, the Federal Steel stocks, I
People's Gas, Southern Railway preferred and
a.. number of others upon which the recent ad- !
vance has been sufficient to make profits at- j
tractive. The selling pressure was by no means j
urgent in these stocks, which showed a decided I
falling off from the recent degree of activity, !
except Atchison preferred. But they were j
clearly indisposed to advance. The Northern
Pacific stocks maintained their recent drooping !
tendency pending tne result of further con-
Bultations between Northern Pacific and Ore
gon Navigation authorities looking to the ad
justment of the dispute over division of terri
tory. It was significant that the stocks of
other railroads vitally Interested in the con
troversy were inclined to advance. The Union
Pacific stocks were strong, the common gain- j
ing 1%, and Oregon Short Line ■ rose over a
point. Great Northern, on the other hand, lost !
a point. There was evidence of manipulation I
at some points, no doubt designed to counter- I
act the profit taking elsewhere and to sustain !
the market. This was most flagrant in the ;
Reading issues. The first preferred stock
closed unchanged from Wednesday after being !
over 3 points above tne parity of Wednesday s
closing in London this morning, 1% above at !
the opening here and 1% below during the
.course of the afternoon trading. The move
ment In the other coalers was Insignificant, j
although efforts were made to convey the Im- j
pression that the movement in the Reading se- \
curities was due to coming favorable develop- j
ments in the coal trade. There was also very
positive elements of strength at a few points
notably in Baltimore and Ohio, Louisville and
St. Louis and San Francisco second preferred
and Great Western preferred. Erie first pre- i
ferred and Pittsburg, Cincinnati, Chicago and |
St. Louis preferred also showed gains. Lake |
Erie and Western preferred and Chicago and In- ;
dianapolis preferred showed gains of 1% and 3 I
respectively. The movement in Baltimore and |
Ohio was peculiar In that the old stocks and !
the new common deliverable wh*en Issued rose ]
2% each, while the new preferred when Issued, j
which Is restricted to dividends of 4 per cent, !
reacted a small fraction. Manhattan advanced
to par but closed at 98%, and Sugar turned ,
•weak after early strength. Tobacco also lost !
over 2 points. The closing was generally firm I
and the net changes are mixed.
The bond market was much less active than i
recently and shared in the Irregularity of the :
stock market. Total bales, $4,270,000.
United States 3s, the new 4s and the old 4s
registered advanced % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 448,200
shares, including: Atchison. 7625: Atchison 1
preferred, 63.520: Baltimore and Ohio. 11,000: |
Burlington, 8572; Louisville and Nashville, 16,- |
130; Manhattan, 29.300; Reading first preferred.
28,885: Northern Pacific. 10.031: Reading, 9300;
Rock Island, 1285; St. Louis and San Francisco
eecond preferred, w67: Union Pacific, 23,035;
"Union Pacific preferred. 14,319; St. Paul, 11,337:
Paper, 3815: Federal Steel preferred, 5250; To
bnceo. GOO: People's Gas. 6835; Pacific Mail.
4990; Sugar. 28,603; Chicago Great Western,
4435.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 16%' Do prefd 66\4 i
Do prefd 45%) Do 2d prefd 33% *
Baltimore & Ohio, St Louis & S W.. !>\ I
all-assmts paid.. sfl%| Do prefd 13% '
Canada Pacific 85 '. 4 St Paul m-% !
Canada Southern.. 54 v» Do prefd 162ift
Central Pacific... 2s St P ft Om S6V&
Ches & Ohio 23Vi Do prefd 165 !
Chi & Alton 160 St P M & M lt>B
Chi B & Q 119% So Pacific 23% j
Chi & 111 (0% So Railway io<; !
Do prefd 110% Do pref.l 40V»
Chi G \v 15 Texas & Pacific 15%
Chi Ind & L S Union Pacific ..:.. 36' i
.Do prefd 3.'> Do prefd 68%
Chi & N W 141% t* 1' D & 0 6^
Do prefd 183 iWabash 7%
C C C & St L 4m! Do prefd ......... 22%
'Do prefd S3 .Wheel & L E 3ii
Del & Hudson.... 'I'iv; Do prefd IS
Del L & W 143V4' Express Companies-
Del & Rio G 15.i Adams Ex 106
Do prefd 62 American Ex ....145
Erie new 13% United States 44
-Do Ist prefd 37% Well* Fargo 123
Ft Wayne 174 Miscellaneous —
Gt Nor\pref<3 IZ'Vz A Cot OH 3174
V' 'J-—-: Valley... 3 Do prefd 86
'rTTiiiois Cent 111% Amn Spirits 11%
Lake Erie ft W.... 18% Do prefd 34,*, !
Do prefd C 5 Am Tobacco \Z\\ ;
Lake Shore 193 | Do prefd 127
Louis & Nash 61%iCons Gas IS7
Manhattan L 91' Com Cable Co 175
Met St Ry 174>4'C0l V & Iron.. 22% '
Mich Cent H»S I Do prefd-.. 77
Minn &- St L 28 'Gen Ele -tr:<- hi
Do Ist prefd 93<£ Haw Com] Co 51
Mo Pacific... 3G<,» Illinois Steel term. lo4
Mobile & Ohio 37 .Intnl Paper 59
.Mo X & T 11% Do prefd 91
Do prefd 34 Laclede Gas 45%
N J Central 91 Lead 34
N V Central ......119% Do prefd 110%
N Y.Chi & St L.. 13% Minn Iron term. ..138
Do Ist prefd .... 71 Nat Lin Oil . 6%
. Do 2d prefd...... 3t>; Pacific Mail 37
MOT West 45 1 People's Gas 109%
No Amer Co .. Pullman Pal 139
No Pacific 40% Seiver Cert 60Va
- Do prefd 75% Standard R & T. 7
Ontario & W ]«'-, Sugar 121%
Or R & Nay 50 Do prefd ...111%
Or- Short Line »l% T C & Iron 30
Pac Coast Ist pfd. 77 v S Leather ..... G%
- Do 2d prefd. 57 Do prefd ........ 67
rittsburg 172 ,U S Rubber 42%
Bending 18*4 Do prefd 104%
• Do let prefd 41' 2 West Union ...... 93%
IIG W 27 ,Fed Steel Co 30%.
. Do-prefd .... 62 1 * Do prefd 1 ........ '75
Rock i lsland... 10*% Brooklyn R T 68%.
Bt L, & S F........ 7-{l . J
CLOSING BONDS.
U S Ss 105% IN V Central 15t5..118%
U S new 4s reg...127\ N J C 55.... 114*,
Do coup 127% N Carolina 6s 129
U S 4s 111% Do 45... 104
Do coup 112* No Pao lsts 111%
Do 2ds 98% Do 3 s 67
II S 'is ree 112% Do 4s 101%
do 5s rcoup:::::::iwtr coup:::::::iwt n re & st l * s ..im,
District 3.65s 118»4 Nor & W 6s 122
Ala class A 108 Northwestern c0n.142
Do B .107 Do deb 5s 11714
Do C 104 O Nay lsts... 114
Do Currency 100 O Nay 45...... 101%
Atchison 4s 97% O S Line 6s Jr.... 180
Do adi 4s 74% O S Line 5s tr....109V&
Can So Ids 110*? Pacific 6s of 95.... 102*
C & O 4» s 88*, Reading 4s 84
Chi T 4s 91% R « W lsts 9"4
C & Ohio 6S::::::::ii66 S ::::::::ii6* !l st l & i m c 6«.. 98%
CH & D 4>,s 104% St L <fc F G 65. .121
D& R G lsts 108 St P Con 161
D & R G 4s 99&» St P C & P lsts..
East Term lsts 107 Do 5s 119
Erie Gen 4s 73% So Ry 65.. ....... 103%
F W & D lsts tr.. 79U Stand R & T 65... 79
Gen Elec 5s 109 Term new set 35... 94
GH&S A6s 105 Tex Pac L G lsts. lo9
Do 2ds 104 Do Rg 2ds 47
HftT Css 110 Union Pac 4s 101%
Do con 6s 110 VVD & G lsts... 85 .
lowa C lsts....* 105 Wab Ist 5s 112%
La new cons 45. ...106% Do 2ds 91
L & N Unl 4s 94*4 1 W Shore 4s 111%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 80
M X & T 2ds 85* -Do deferred 0%,
Do 4? 92 Wls Cent lsts 62%
MINING SHARES.
Chollar 20 Ontario 4 25
Crown Point 20'Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va 1 15 Plymouth 10
DeadWOOd 45 Quicksilver 1 2o
Gould & Curry.... IS Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross.. 95 I Sierra Nevada So
Homestake 60 00 Standard ISO
Iron Silver 74 Union Con / 22
Mexican 201 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money— iWest End ." 88%
Call loans 2<§3! Westingb Elec... 38%
Time loans 3<g4'Ed Elec Tel 195
Stocks— 'Gen Elec prefd. 166
Atch Top & St F. ! Atch prefd 45&
Amer Sugar 121 M;! Bonds— I
Do prefd 111 1 - Atchison 4s . 97/.
Bay State Gas 2V* Mining Shares— ,
Bell Tel 2SI 'Allouez Mm C 0.... 5
Boston & Albany. .2l9 Atlantic 33
Boston & Maine... Boston & Mont 239
Boston L 75% Butte & 805t0n .... 00%
Chi Bur & Q 119 Calumet & Hec1a..620
Fltchburg 104% Centennial 25%
Gen Electric S2 Franklin .'. li%
Mexican Central... 5 did Dominion 34
NY & N Eng 97 Osceola 71
Old Colony 193 Qulncy 143
Or Short Line 30*4 Tamarack 177 ;
Rubber 42' - Wolverine 22%
Union Pac 34% I Humboldt 3%
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says:
The stock markets here were quiet to-day as
the settlement approached, but were generally
firm. The upward movement in investment
stocks was led by consols. Americans were
still good and hopeful, but there were signs
that prices have run up too fast, and inasmuch
as public buying is still small, prices were
easier.
Grand Trunk was strong on the restoration
of rates. Kaffirs were good on rains in Trans
vaal.
The strength of the Bank of England weekly
returns assists the easy tone In the money
market. During the week £219,000 net In gold
was imported, the details showing the purchase
of £109,000 in bar gold and In French coin, the
receipts of £125,000 from the cape and of £5000
from Portugal, and the export of £20,000 to
the Continent.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 25. — Close: Canadian Pacific,
57%: Grand Trunk, SVt. Bar silver dull, 27% d. j
Money. 2 per cent.
Spanish fours closed 41%.
PARIS, Nov. 25.— Spanish fours closed 41.87%.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review will say to-morrow:
In spite of its irregularity the market this
week has been strong in tone, the average of j
quotations for the more active class of stocks I
having touched a level slightly above that of !
last August. Public and foreign participation
continue on a fairly large scale, and the sus
tained activity and strength of the bond mar- j
ket is evidence that investment demand for se- i
curities underlies the present speculative sit- |
uation. As far as stocks are concerned there i
has been an increase in the purely professional i
and manipulative activity, some of the most |
Important movements of the week plainly ex- j
hibiting the presence of such influences. The ,
market, however, shows every inclination to |
follow bullish leadership, and while Incidents <
like the reported breaking oft of the peace j
negotiations at Paris, or the alleged possibility |
of a rupture In the harmonious relations of the j
Pacific roads caused temporary recessions, the I
bear element appears to be timid, rallies j
are easily effected and the buying power which
drops off in one part of the market is quickly
turned to other groups of securities. The ease
of money is, of course, a point in favor of the
bulls, and higher rates of interest abroad create
no apprehension In speculalve circles. in view
of this country's favorable trade balances and
of the renewed declining tendency in exchange.
It was noted that while there has been some
forelen selling, it was confined mainly to
stocks in which Berlin Is interested, Americans
being strong in London, where the announce
ment that the United States contemplates I
maintaining an open door policy in regard to
the Philippines seems in some way to improve
the standing of American stocks. The market j
here is not apparently impressed by the rumors I
of severe and continued rate cutting among the
Western and trunk line roads, and gives most
of Its attention to the Improvement In gross
railroad earnings, while in several cases ad
vances in values have been based on reports
of increased dividends or resumption of such
payments. The industrials. it may be re
marked, were not as conspicuous as usual, and
railroad stocks and bonds have been the main
objects of speculative attention.
BANK CLEARINGS.
The following table, compiled by Bradstreet,
shows the bank clearing at the leading cities
of the United States and Canada for the week
ended November 23, with the percentage of in
crease and decrease, as compared with the cor
responding week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— - Inc. Dec.
New York $.846,850,311 31.1
Boston •'• 102.775,861 25.6
Chicago 95,127,097 12.8
Philadelphia 67,248.015. 15. 9 ....
St. Louis 25,984.061 8.4
Pittsburg 15,694.373 9.1 ....
Baltimore 15.895,777 . 7.2
San Francisco 13,426,263 12.2 ....
Cincinnati 10,388.800 17.7
Kansas City 10,101,923 7.1
New Orleans 9,505,011 ■ .... • 2.9
Minneapolis 11.406.976 13.7
Detroit 6.720.528 17.4 ....
Cleveland 7,366.852 35.2
Louisville 5,524,559 .... 4.7
Providence 5,056,300 10.6
Milwaukee 4.535.894 .... 1.3
St Paul 5,157,034 2.4 ....
Buffalo ...» 4,313.347. 3.9 ....
Omaha ~; 6.612.472 25.1 ....
Indianapolis 4,801,013 5.9
Columbus, 0 4,913. 19.9 ....
Savannah 2,923.764 .... 19.1
Denver. 2,399,217 24.5
Hartford 1.645.879 .... 6.5
Richmond 2.319,987 29.8 ....
Memphis , 2.564,707 2.9 ....
Washington H2HH 'i:* ::::
Peoria 1,439,735 6.7
Rochester 1,560.607 17.3
New Haven 1,246.319 10.0 ....
•Worcester 1,739,091
Atlanta 1.487.841 6.3
Salt Lake City 2,269,607 15.9 ....
Springfield, Mass 1.204,763 10.3 • ....
Fort Worth 1,646.674 .... 1.2
Portland. Me 1,221,949 .... ....
Portland. Or 1.482,233 .... 21.9
St. Joseph 1,947.060 68.8
Los Angeles 1,316,339 - 6.1 ....
Norfolk 1,086,120 10.6 ; ■ ;...
Syracuse 918,776 6.8 [ ....
Dcs Molnes 1,094,058 23.3 ....
Nashville 958,843
Wilmington, Del 627.384 4.3
Fall River 706,423 • .... 1.9
Scranton 805,513 .... 9.8
Grand Rapids 1.011.902. 37.4
Augusta. Ga 825.598 5.9 ....
Lowell ..: 501,230 .... 13.6
Dayton, O 732.235 41.3 ....
Seattle 1.221.408 58.4 ....
Tacoma 807,910 17.8
Spokane ; 1.119.428 89.0 ....
Sioux City 702.3*6 .... 1.4
New Bedford 399.5U ....
Knoxvllle. Term 391,733 14.8 ....
Topeka 519,889 16.5 ....
Birmingham 632.078 22.8
Wichita 370.436 .... 7.6
Blnghamton 334.700 31.6 ....
Lincoln : 350,406 1.8 ....
Lexington. Ky 277.150 ....
Jacksonville, Fla 186,269 3.4 ....
Kalamazoo 259.868 .... 25.8
Akron 2*7.000 .24.1 ....
Bay City 167,000 .... :...
Chattanooga 319.544 25.8 ....
Rockford, 111 245,150 .... 14.8
Canton, 6 240.000 50.3
•Springfield, O ' 1R0.65". 37.4
Fargo N. D.......' 386.000 : 54.4
Sioux ' Falls. 8. D 91,135 .... 84.9
•Hastings, Neb ...... T 113.898 15.8
Fremont, Neb 79,401 19.7 ....
Davenport 477.213 15.7 ....
•Toledo 1.908,283 .... ....
Galveston .; 8,027,300 11.0 ....
Youngstown 277.240 — 2.1
•Helena 672.495 .... ....
Little Rock 416,006 .... «...
Evansville 877,418 ....-, ....
Totals. U. 8 $1,331,844,743 25.6 . ....
Totals outside N. Y. 484.991,437 13.0
1 -V - ■:. ■" i DOMINION .OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 14.939,864 - 32.1 ....
Toronto 7,198,759: . 9.8 <
Winnipeg 2,312.856. .... 19.7
Halifax 966,740 ....
Hamilton .............. 622.815 9.2 .>...
St. John. N. B 670,465 4.8 ....
••Victoria 645,952 ■ ........
Totals . ..*..s 26,611,499 16.1 ■ ....
•Not : Included In totals because containing
other ; items • than ! clearings. ■ ' -•-.• :
... .••Not Included in totals because of no com
naxicaa for last rear.
THE SAX FRAISrCSIOO CALI,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1893.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will pay to-morrow:
Thanksgiving In IS9B means more than for
thirty years. The "Harvest Home" has never
recognized larger crops on tne whole In this
country, the general prosperity is attested by
the largest volume of business ever recorded,
the people's verdict has given reason to hope
that the soundness of the currency and the na
tion's honor will not again be in peril, and a
war not matched in history for swiftness of
success with smallness of lose has brought more
perfect union than ever between North and
South and closer bonds than ever with Kin
"beyond the sea,'" ending with the most im
portant increase of territory since California
was added to the Union.
This year so exceptional in magnitude
and variety of blessings draws near its end
with yet another good gift, a marked increase
of confidence in prospects for the year w men
is to close the century. The Industries are do
ing remarkably well considering hindrances >.r
late by unseasonable weather. W lth Btonn
and cold weather many branches no» gei
larger orders. There has been more liberal
buying of cotton goods. In part because of last
week's reductions in bleached goods ami tne
curtailment of production In print cloths has
caused an advance of 1-16. while the export de
mand supports heavy brown goods, and all aie
helped by the feeling that cotron has seen its
worst. Yet wide sheetings are still Irregular
an.l some 5 per cent lower. There is a slight
Improvement in -rders for men s spn ng
woolens, though neither jobbers nor rtottilers
have yet been buying freely. The bulk of the
demand is for medium plain fabrics, especially
serges and elnys, but high grade goods are
quiet More Is doing in dress goods, but not
enough for producers. Rales of wool have been
35 975.000 pounds for four weeks, including about
5.0t~i0 000 for export, but mostly at concessions
which have been this week a little Increased
on fine unwashed fleeces.
When the steel rail contract was ready for
final signature, withdrawal of one l»rge com
pany killed it. but a working compact is nev
ertheless said to have been made, apparently a
sort of "gentlemen's agreement," in which
more confidence is perhaps expressed than \h
felt. The market for bessemer grows stronger
at Pittsburg.
Wheat has again advanced a shade though
for spot only ',«c during the week, while West
ern receipts*are heavy, and for four weeks have
been 35.054.291 bushels against 29.119,104 last
year. The Atlantic exports, flour Included,
have been 3.9f»7,575 bushels for the week ngainst
5.625.446 last year. Pacific exports, 871.186 bush
els against 1.626.959 last yen r. making for three
weeks of November, 13.tt2.0W bushels against
15.195,209 last year. While Atlantic shipments
exceed last year's, a decrease from the Pa
cific affects this market but little. Moreover
corn exports continue heavy in four weeks,
10..-|53.216 bushels against 9.326.7*8 last year,
lifting the price \c, and showing a continued
demand for nearly five months almost equal
to the unprecendented demand of last year.
Failures for the week have been IKS in the
United States against 236 last year, and 21 In
Canada against 25 last yenr.
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row .will say: . Winter storms and ;. holiday
have Interfered with wholesale demand and
distribution, but later clear, cold weather is
a compensating feature, inducing heavy retail
business In seasonable goods. In general busi
ness circles most developments have been fa
vorable, notable among which might be men
tioned general advances in prices of cereals,
provisions, groceries, cotton, steel and pig
iron, the latter chiefly at Eastern and South
ern points; continued heavy general export
trade, a better tone in the market for hides
and leather, more firmness in cotton goods and
active stock speculation, all of which are re
flected in heavy bank clearing total.
Unfavorable features are few, prominent
among which is the continued dullness at
wholesale of wool and woolen goods. The situ
ation as to the country's export Is flattering^,
except for the scarcity of freight tonnage,
which is becoming serious, tending to check
shipments of goods contracted for and thus to
Seriously hamper the development of Ameri
can trade abroad. This is particularly felt In
the Iron and steel industry, t-nd considerable
pigirnn arranged for -shipment is being delayed
and may ultimately be thrown back on domes
tic markets. The movement of wheat and
other breadstuffs continues large, and although
some reaction has followed early strength, de
mand Is sufficient apparantly to more than !
contract growing increases In ' supplies. The I
agreement as to print cloth production and
heavy sales of cottons for export have stiff
ened values of manufactured goods somwhut
and imparted a more cheerful tone to this
trade and to raw material itself. Woolen goods
show little effect as yet of current good retail |
distribution, but there is, a steadier tone as to |
the values. Important developments are looked
for In the Iron and steel Industry, and while
the alleged combination as to steel rail prices
seems to have fallen through, steel billet values
are stronger, and, there is a talk of a "gen
tlemen's aEreement" as to prices, taking the
place of an actual combination. In plglron the
i situation Is a waiting one, but large buyers
| are manifesting more interest, and while the
strength of the metal markets abroad and the
feeling that 1899 will witness a heavy consump-
I tive demand, there Is little tendency to make
! concessions. Increased speculative interest in
arthraclte coal stocks leads to rumors of im
portant moves In this branch of trade.
Wheat, Including flour, shipments for the
week, aggregate 5,824,726 bushels, against 6,
679,141 bushels last week, 5,463.163 bushels in
the corresponding week of 1897, 3.753,698 bushels
in 1596, 2,460,306 bushels in 1595 and 2.067,802
bushels in 1894. Since July 1 this year the ex
ports of wheat aggregate 83.714, bushels,
against 13,438,579 bushels last year.
Business failures In the United States for tRe
week number 17R, against 229 last week, 233 in
the corresponding week last year, 296 in 1896,
2*B in 1895 and '3o7 In 1594.
Business failures In Canada number 25,
against 24 last year. 34 In this week a year ago,
36 In 1596, 52 in 1895 and 35 4n 1894.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
I 43,211 barrels; exports, 13,321. Quiet for all
i grades and little easier; Minnesota patents,
$3 85@4 10; winter patents, $3 65®3 90; winter
straits, $2 35i53 €0. f . .
WHEAT — Receipts, 506,875 bushels; exports,
283,722. Spot strong; No. 2 red. 77%@79%c f. o.
b. afloat. Options opened steady on foreign
buying, but ruled weak all day in face of big
clearances and fine continental markets. The
crowd was bearish and sold freely on good crop
news and closed %<B%c lower. Sales, No. 2
red May, 71 7-16@71%C closed 71% c.
HOPS— Firm. *
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— more or less apathy was
anticipated to-day and to-morrow, imme
diately after the holiday, there was a very en
couraging improvement in copper and tin, both
as regards domestic and prices. The rest of
the list was Inactive and devoid of Interest and
features. News at hand was quite conflicting,
although that from abroad was of favorable
average. At the close the exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants nominal at $7 25.
LAKE COPPER— Firm at $12 95 bid and
$13 15 asked.
TlN— Firmer, with $18 15 bid and $18 25 asked.
— Dull, with $3 65 hid and $3 70 asked.
The firm naming • the settling price for leading
Western miners and smelters quotes lead at
$3 60.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $3 15 bid and $5 25
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at a net gain
of V"10 points. Sales. 20,500 bags, Including
December, $5 35@5 40; March, $5 70; May, $5 80
5 85; September, $6 05@6 10. Spot coffee— Rio,
steady; mild, steady.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; no pales at quotations.
Fair refining, 4c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; mo
lasses sugar, 3?ic: refined, steady at the de
cline; mold A. fjV»e; standard A, 5%c: confec
tioners' A, 5%c; cut loaf, 5%c; crushed. 5%c;
powdered. 5%c; granulated, lV c; cube, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4585 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 15!£®24c; Elglns, 24c; fac
tory HH©I4%C
EGGS— Receipts. 3910 packages. Firm; West
ern ' 23% - DRIED FRUITS. .... '
NEW YORK, Nov. California dried fruits
firm. -
'EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7@Bc;
prime wire tray,. B<BSVic; choice, S%@3c; fancy,
<tu,c. ■ ■.-•■■
PRUNES— a.« to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, Ilfil4c; Moorpark, 13@17c.
PEACHES— B^(§l2U.c; peeled, 18@ |
20c. ' ' ■ ,
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
' CHICAGO, Nov. 25.— For a few brief mo
ments following the opening wheat made a
chow of strength, somewhat surprising, In
view of the weakness shown by foreign mar
kets.. Liverpool advised a decline of %d before
business started here and London reported Eng
lish and foreign wheat difficult of sale at 6d
decline. The cash situation, however, appar
ently overshadowed foreign weakness for the
time being. A reported sale of 650.000 bushels
of cash wheat at St. Louis for Immediate ship
ment, an amount one-half of the total avail
able supply at that point, caused a moderate
amount of covering by the small fry, and In '
the absence of any particular selling pressure
the opening prices were maintained for a short
time. May started ',;,<& Vie higher at 66%@67%c,
December opening unchanged at 67^Ti67%c, hut
the market soon turned weak. Perhaps the
biggest factor In trading was the . figures on
the Argentine exportable surplus. .They were
widely at variance, London cables .giving the
estimates at from 37,000,000 to 60,000,000 bushels,
but ' even the lower of these amounts I was 1 far
in excess of last year's exports, and this fact
had its effect. Up to about 11 o'clock , trade
was very depressed. Trade favored the bear
side and their selling was Influential in caus
ing scattered liquidation by the crowd and In
contracting the buying demand. , Later -there
was a recovery, but in : the last half " hour's
trading support was almost totally withdrawn
from - the market, although nothing new of ' a
bearish nature developed and prices slowly de
clined. Final prices were near the bottom, De
cember closing at 66"kC and May at 66%@68%c.
Corn was weak during \ the great part of
rather a dull session. The close was only He
lower for. May. - : -]:.'■;.
Oats were i extremely ; dull, . but ' rather firm
considering the weakness in wheat and corn.
May closed a shade lower. .■-■-.■ v ;- , •--»;'
- Provisions were ?<: dull . and a shade lower,
mostly; In sympathy with corn. The crowd was
disposed to pell on ever}' slight rally. At the
close- January pork and ribs were Be lower and
lard 2^@sc lower. '
The leading futures ranged as follows: , ..
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— . „„.
November •• *"?»
December 67% 67% 66% 6674
May 60% 66% 66% 66V*
Corn No. 2—2 — S3Vi . »«4 . 32% 83
November S3V* 53*4 32%
December 33' i 33V* 82"4 33
May 84Vi Zi\i 34V» 3*V4
Oats No. 2— • .„
December 26* 26H 25% 26
May 26% 26^i 26Vh 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel— . .
December ..7 80 785 780 .7 80
January 915 915 . 9 07^ .9 10
May 935 935 9 27V» 930
Lard, per 100 pounds— .* .
December 4 95 4 95 4 90 4 90
January ....6 05 6 05 6 00 5 02V6
May 5 17& 620 515 615
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December 460 4 52VJ 450 4 50,
January 4 65 4 67% ; 4 62^4 . 4 62&
May 4,77% 4 77& ■ 4 72% 475
Cash quotations were as follows: ■ .
Flour, quiet. No. 3 spring Wheat, 624®
66i,;c; No. 2 red, 66%@68%c; No. 2 Corn, 33%<g)
33% c; No. 2 Oats, f. o. b., 28c; No. 2 white,
f. o. b.. 30c; No. 3 white, 27Vi@29 ! !4c; No. 2 Rye,
61% c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b., 3S@49c; No. 1
Flaxseed, 97& c; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 25;
Mess Pork, per barrel, $7 Bo@7 90;. Lard, . per
100 pounds, $:> 02Vi@5 OS; Short Rib Sides, loose,
$4 55@4 80; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, W*@
2 r; Short Clear Sides, boxed, $4 90@4 95;'
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 26; Sugar, unchanged. ,
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 38,000 34,000
Wheat, bushels 205.000 159,000
Corn, bushels 160,000 / 1,036,000
Oats, bushels ;. 230. 000 344.000
Rye, bushels 16,000 .51.000
Barley, bushels 56,000 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; Creameries, 14@21%c; Dai
ries, 12%@19c. Cheese, quiet, B@loc. Eggs,
firm, fresh, 21@22c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 690,520 32,000
Duluth 499,835 649,591
j Milwaukee 130.650 18.000
Chicago 204.550 159.032
Toledo 28.665 3,000
St. Louis 116,000 31,000 |
Detroit 9,991 5.869
Kansas City 101,500 64,500
Totals 1,682,011 963,842
Tidewater-
Boston 31,687 19,984
New York 506,875 288.722 j
Philadelphia 26,535 2.873 !
Baltimore 119,870 200,000
New Orleans 256,000
Galveston 185,136 . :
Totals 870.103 762,659
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening 6 1% 5 10%
Closing 6 % 6 10%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening 47 00 46 10 !
Closing 47 30 46 20
Wheat-
Opening 22 00 21 30
Closing 22 20 2145
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Nov. 25.— CATTLE— Market Blow
at weak prices, some sales showing reductions
of 6@loc. A few common dressed beef steers
went at $4Q4 25, while a few shipping beeves
brought $5 60"55 80. Fair Western, $4@5 20;
stocker and feeder trade moderate at $304 40, i
sales being largely $3 20®4; cows and heifers j
sold satisfactorily.
HOGS— Market active in demand, but prices
ruled weak and 2»£@so lower. Sales were at
$3 Zo®3 60, the bulk of the transactions being ]
at $3 40&3 50; pigs. $3 20<@3 35.
SHEEP— The market for sheep and lambs i
was steady, with a good demand. Lambs sold I
at $4 23@5 75 for cortomon Jo prime, flocks, !
largely at $4 60©5 50; late sales of sheep were |
at $2 75«4 40. largely at $3 604J4 25, and year- I
lings brought $4@4 *0. Feeding sheep brought j
$3 65(g^ 90 and feeding lambs $4 60@4 90.
Receipts— 5000; Hogs, 30,000; Sheep,
12,000.
DKNVER.
DENVER. Nov. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts 600.
Market slow and weak. Beef steers, $3 75fa
4 2.">; cows, $3@3 50; feeders, . freight paid to j
river, $2 75@4; stockers freight paid, $3 50®
4 25; bulls, stags, etc., $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts ! 1000. Market 10c lower.
Light packers, $3 40 3 45; mixed. $3 35@3 40;
heavy, $3 25@3 30.' ■
SHEEP— Receipts 3500. Market slow. Good
fat muttons, $3 6004; lambs, $4©4 50.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. 25.— Receipts,
7000. Best steady, others Blow. Native steers,
$3 55<@6 20; cows and heifers, $1 25^4 40; stock
ers and feeders. $2 15t?4 35; bulls. $1 75@3 70.
HOGS— Receipts, 22,000. Market s@loc lower.
Bulk of sales. $3 30@3 40; heavies. $3 35@3 474;
packers, $3 25@3 40; mixed, $3 20@3 40; lights,
$3 10ig3 35; pigs, $3*93 30.
SHEEP — Receipts, 2000. Market steady.
Lambs, $4@5 15; muttons, $3@4 10.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Nov. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1500.
Market active, stronger. Native beef steers,
$; 25©5 "••', Western steers, IS 70(g'4 40; cows
and heifers, |3«3 85; stockere and feeders, $3 40
04 (0; bulls and stags, $2 25<ii;3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 9900. Market s@loc lower.
Heavy $3 35<53 46; mixed, $8 35@3 37',i; light,
S3 37',5i&3 45; pigs, $3®3 30; bulk of sales, $3 37V^
3 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2900. Market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 50<g4 10; Western muttons.
$3 40^3 9°; stock sheep, $303 70; lambs, $4<S5 20.
THE PRUNE MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 2.'.— The Journal of Com
merce says: There is a strong feeling in the
prune market, based on enlarged demands of
late for larger and extremely small sizes and
limited offerings of these both here and on th«
coast. Medium sizes, which have been some
what neglected heretofore, are receiving more.
attention. The output of larger sizes in Cali
fornia this year was light and trade has con
sequently turned its attention to Washington
and Oregon Italian prunes. The demand has
come chiefly from export buyers, who want
large fruit and seem to be willing to pay the
prices demanded. The quality of Northwest
prunes this year is said to be much finer than
in previous years and the crop seems to have
run chiefly to large sizes, while the California
produce is principally of medium fruit. Under
increased demand and reduced stock prices on
Washington and Oregon Italian prunes havo
advanced within the past few days ViSHc per
pound and the tendency of the market Is still
upward I.arge sizes of Italians are now in
small supply stock, the remainder of 40's and
50's in shippers' hands amounting, it is said,
to little or nothing. Holders therefore look
for a further advance, which will bring prices
for the latter close up to those named for
California French prunes.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California fruit: Easter Beurre
Pears. $2 45; Emperor Grapes. 80c®$l 70: clus
ters $1 40i3)2 50. Three cars sold; weather cold.
CHICAGO, Nov. 25.— Red Emperor, $1 6O<s|>
$190; clusters. $2 70®2 90; Emperor, U6s'a2;
White Emperor, %1 Bs@l 95. Weather cold; two
cars sold.
BOSTON, Nov. 25.— Tokay, ?2<?f2 35. average
$2 03- Cornichon, $1 85@2 05, average $1 }9; Mus
cats, *1 53: Verdelle. $1 10f?l 85, average $1 50.
Weathc-r cold; one car sold.
PHILADELPHIA, Noy. 25.— Emperor. $1 65*12
2 10, average »1 87; Red Emperor, $1 60@3 10,
average $1 96.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 25.— Sixty cents wag the
ruling quotation for Walla Walla wheat to-day.
Bluestetn and valley brought 62<p!63c.
Cleared— Ship Eulnmene. for Liverpool, with
14R f,:io bushels wheat; bark Hougamolt. for
Queenstown. with 145.999 bushels wheat; Alp
Beeswing, for Queenstown, with 2fi,730 barrels
Foreign wheat shipments from Portland for
the week ending to-dny were 415,854 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Nov. 25.— WHEAT— Club, 60c; blue
stem, UO64C. . . „
Cleared -Ship Garsdale, for Queenstown or
Falmouth, with 95.605 bushels wheat.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $296,589,288; gold reserve,
$241,191,741.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 25.— Consols, 111; silver, 27\d.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers
apart; cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
Enpilsh country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOL. Nov. 25.— Wheat, steady; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 25.— Wheat— Futures
closed steady: November nominal; December.
6s 7V*d; March. 5s 10'^d. Spot No. 1 Northern
spring dull, 6s 2Vid. Corn— Spot American
mixed quiet, 3s ll^d. Futures quiet. Novem
ber. 3s li£d; December 3s 9Vid; March 3s 7%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Nov. 25.— Exchanges, $112,843;
balances, $80,874.
LOCAL JIARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 R3>i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4.M*
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17<4
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars — 47V*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Mayfleld takes for Liverpool
3268 ctls. valued at $3900. The market was quiet
at -a Blight decline in futures, spot quotations
remaining unchanged., : , '„ _
Spot Wheat-Shipping. $1 16%@1 18%; mining,
$1 20® 1 23%.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:l6 o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls.
$1 21%; 22.000. $1 21>4: 6000, $1 21%. December—
2000. $1 18; 6000. $1 17%. _
Second session— May— ctls, »1 21: 2000.
$1 21%. December-6000. $1 17%. ' .
Regular morning session— lß,ooo ctls. $1 20%.
4000, $1 20%. December— 22.ooo, $1 17.
Afternoon session— May- 22, 000 ctls, $120%;
2000, $1 20%; 14.000, $1 2U%.
BARLEY— Shipment or 33,543 ctls brew
valued at $43,700. to Liverpool. Spot prices
■were unchanged, but futures were firmer. ■
Feed, $1 25©1 30; Brewing. $1 32%@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session— 2ooo ctls, $1 29%;
2000, $1 29%.
Afternoon session— December — 10,000 ctls,
$1 29%; 6000. $1 23%; 8000. $1 29%. Spot—
$1 29%. . .
OATS— There Is nothing new to report except
free receipts from Washington.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%<g>l 30 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 22%@1 25; common. $1 17%@1 20; Bur
prise. $1 35<gl 42%; Gray, $1 20@l 22%; milling,
$1 26fl 30 : per ctl; Red, $1 40@l 47%: Black,
$1 60-51 70. .
CORN— Quotations remain unaltered.
Small round yellow. $1 15@1 20; Eastern large
yellow, $1 05@l 07%; white. ; mixed, $1 02%
@1 05 per ctl: California White,
RYE— California. $1 20@l 22%; Eastern. $1 lo
@1 17% per ctl. ;""/<••.■'
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount' to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50: Buckwheat
Flour, $»<34 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$4 60: Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 Ss@6 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Bran sells off well at the quotations. Hay Is
still dull, with larger receipts.
BRAN— SI 4 50@16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9(32O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley. $27 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 60; Job
bing, $32*6 32 60; Cocoanut cake, $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 60©
24 50: Cracked Corn, $24025.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 50<8>18 for
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades;
no-fancy coming in: Wheat and Oat, $15@17 50;
Oat, $14@16: Island Barley, $11014: Alfalfa,
$11(5!12 50: Stock, $11«?12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Timothy, ,sl3 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The Bean market remains unchanged. There
Is nothing new in Seeds.
. BEANS— Bayos, $1 95@2 05; Small Whites,
Is 2 1501 20; Large Whites. $1 85<31 95; Pinks,
$1 90@2 05; Reds, $3 25; Blackeye, $3 50@3 75;
Butters. $2*52 60; Llmas. $3 25@3 35: Pea, $2 15@
2 X: Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 2."'S 1 50 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $4 10; Flax, $2©2 2.V. Canary
Seed. 2>,4@2%c per Tb: Alfalfa, 6%@7c; Rape,
2V<f'2%c; Hemp, 2%@3c: Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 40; Green. $1 50
©1 76 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Tomatoes are lower and accumulating, as
I most of the canners have closed down on them.
| Otherwise there Is nothing new.
POTATOES— 4Oc for Early Rose and 30®
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
i@sl 10- Oregon, 65c@*l: Sweet Potatoes. 500
60c for nearby and $1 25 for Merced; New
Potatoes. l%@2c per lb.
ONIONS— 4O®6Sc per ctl; Pickle Onions. 35®
50c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4#sc; String
Beans, 5«?7c; Cabbage. 4(*350c; Tomatoes, 2-5®
40c for Bay and $I©l 25 for Los Angeles;
I Garlic 4@sc per Id; Dried Okra, 10c per
tb- Cucumbers. GOOMc; Marrowfat Squash, $10
(Kl2 per ton; Carrots. 25gS6c per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated. 16@18c; granulated, raw. 13c:
Onions, 60c: Carrots, old. 13c: new, ISc: Cab
bage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at $5 50 for Ducks,
$1 75 for Geese, $5@5 50 for Hens and young
Roosters, $5 for old do, $3 50@4 for Fryers and
$3 50 for broilers.
Turkeys were dull and lower, as usual the
day ' after Thanksgiving. - Other stock showed |
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys. 12Vi@16c; live
Turkeys. 13m<(c for Gobblers and 13@14c for
Hens- Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings.
$1 50@l 75: Ducks, $4 6W?6 for old and $1 50@6
for young; Hens. *3 50@5; young Roosters. $4
(S»5: old do. $4 50: Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers, $4
fit 60 for large, $3*3 50 for small: Pigeons, $1
<&\ 25 per dozen for old and $1 7.V8'2 for squabs.
GAME— Quail, $I©l 50; Mallard. $3©4; Can
vasback, $3@9; Sprig, $3: Teal, $1 50@2; Wid
geon, $1 75; Small Duck, $1 25'gl 50; Eng
lish Snipe, $1 50; Jack Snipe. $1: Gray Geese.
$2 50: White Geese, $l*p 1 25: Brant, $1 50@2:
Honkers. $4 50: Hare, $1 @1 25: Rabbits. $1 25®
1 60 for Cottontails and $1 25 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The market Is very quiet and quotations show
no change whatever.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 13524 c; sec
onds, 20(g'22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18fg20c; common
grades. 15@l"Hc.
Pickled Goods— 18@20c; picked roll,
lo®21c;l o ®2lc; creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
lb- Elgin. 22@22%c.
CHEESE— mild new, 10@llc; old, B%@
9%c; Cream Cheddar. 10<5?llc; Young America,
10%'(Tll%c: Eastern, 12<gl3c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 40@42%c per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 35@37%c; Eastern, 20@250 for ordi
nary and 27%@23%c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges are very slow of sale and the ten
dency In prices Is downward. Limes and
Lemons are also quiet. The cold' weather checks
the demand for Grapes.. Berries are cheaper
and hard to sell.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 50@3 per chest for large and
— — for small.
Huckleberries, s<{?6c per lb.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries. $S@lo per barrel for Eastern
and $1 75@2 25 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes. 40@60 per box; crates sell 10@15c
higher than boxes.
Raspberries. $3 60@5 per chest.
Apples, 35G*0c for common. 75<385c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l 25 for choice. Lady Ap
ples. $1 50© 2.
Pears— W)c(Ssl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, < $2 50(!?4
per box; Seedlings, $I@2 25; Mandarins. $1 50®
1 75; Lemons, $I@2 for common and $2 50@4 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 50@4; Cali
fornia Limes. /sC@7sc per small box: Grap.l
Fruit, $3@4; Bananas, $1 50<@2 per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
Stagnation Is still the order of : the day In
this market. New York advices say that there
Is a demand there for choice fruit, but It Is
not obtainable and buyers will not take hold
of small and Inferior goods.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, \ 6%c for 40-60' 4%
@5c for 50-60" s; 3%c for 60-70' s; 3c for ' 70-80' s,
2%c for SO-90's, 2c for 90-100's , and l%c
for 100-110' Silver Prunes, 2%@5c; Peaches,
6@7%c for good to choice, 7%@Sc for fancy and
10®12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c for Royals
and 12©'12% c for Mod*. irk; Evaporated Apples,
7Vi@7%c; sun dried, ■iT;4 I /ie; Black Figs, sacks,
2©i%c; Plums, 4>..jfg6c for pitted and l@l%c for
unpltted; Nectarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy;
Pears. C&Sc for quarters and S@9c for halves.
- RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 5V4@6%c for Seedless
Sultanas. 4'ic for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
Chestnuts, S@l2%c per lb; Walnuts.
6@7c for hardshell, B<3>9c for softshell; Almonds,
6@7c fir hardshell: 13c for softshell, 14@15c for
paper-shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and 4%@
5c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 6008.
HONEY— Comb, - 10@llc for bright and S(f9c
for lower grades; water white extracted," G%Q>
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 5@5%e
per lb. .
BEESWAX— 24(g 26c per lb.
• PROVISIONS.
The market Is slow and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c per; lb for
heavy. 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10%0
for extra light and 12@12%c for sugar cured;
. Eastern . Sugar-cured Hams, : 10c; California
Hams, 9@9%c : ' Mess Beef, $10®ll per bbl:
extra Mess Beef. $11011 50; Family Beef. $12 50
013 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear. $18®
18 50; mess. $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, 12@12%c
per lb.
LARD — Eastern tierces, quoted at 5V4c per lb
for compound and 6%(ff-7c for pure; palls, 7 %c:
California tiercep '4*i@sc per -lb for compound
and (V fo- nure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb'tlns,
7Uc: 5-lb tins. 7%c. : • '.;■'■
COTTOLENE — Tierces, s%®C%c; packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails, 60 in a case, 9%c:
3-lb pa 115 ,.20 in a case, B%c: 5-Ib palls, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%e; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 77, ie:7 7 ,ie: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BHc: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7T»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c. .
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
- HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about :lc under the quotations. ■ Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. B%c; . light, 8c; Cowhides,
8@8%c :". Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, B%c : . Calf. \ B%c ;
dry Hides, sound.' 15c: : culls and . brands, 12c;
dry , Kip . and ' Veal, 15c; dry Calf , '. 17c; : Sheep-
I skins, shearlings. ; 15®250 each; short . wool. 30®
40c each; medium, 60@80c; long wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 7502 for large and
760 for small: Colts, 60c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for largo and 50c@$l for small. «
"'LLOW-No. 1 rendered. 3^c per lb: No. 2.
2%c; refined. 4^<&4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, it
months'. 9@llc; San Joaquln and Sout nern. '
months'. S<f*9c; Foothill and Northern, tree,
12«?14c: Foothill and Northern, defective. '"«*
12c: Middle County. 13©16 c: Humholdt and Men
docino, 14®16c:l Nevada. 10®14c: Eastern Ore
gon, 10® 12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
Fall Wools— ' a-,,
Humboldt and Mendocino »J?"
Northern Mountain $"* *
Mountain 7© a
Plains ••■ .............••«-.•••••••"••••"••"••• **
HOPS— IB 9 per lb for ordinary;
choice would bring more.
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags. 26®2Sc; San
Quentln Bags. $4 85; Fruit Bags. sc. s^c and
5%c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch^ $8; Cumberland, $8 50 In bulk and $10
In packs: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14.
Cannel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In buiK and $14
in sarks.
RICE— Is lower. China mixed. $3 P504; China
No 1 $4 55@4 95; extra do.- $5 10®5 40: Ha
waiian. $5 50®6; Japan. $5 So®6; Louisiana,
£;, H'®6 50. „
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated. 5%c; Dry Granulated. 5V4c; Confec
tioners' A. S%e; California A, o'.ie; Magnolia A,
6%c* Extra C, Be; Golden C. 4%c: half-barrels.
Me more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. SALMON— Shipment of 27.676 cases
CANNED SALMON— Shipment of 27.676 cases
to Liverpool.
CANNED FRUlT— Shipment of 23.902 cases to
Liverpool.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are quoted lower, as the packers are
getting stock cheaper. Veal Is firm, but other
meats are weak and dull.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6 1 ~>'S6%c; second qual
ity. 6c: third quality. 4*4®5%e.
VEAL— Large, ijigSVic; email. B@B^c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7S4c; Ewes, 6V£®7c.
LAMB— B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large. 4Uc for me
dium and 33 1 1 V for small; stock. Hogs, ZVt
@3c; dressed Hogs, 6®7c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, November 25.
Flour, qr sks 10. 466 1 Wool, biles 189
Wheat, ctls 995 Broom Corn, bdls 91
Barley, ctls 1,640 Pelts, bd15........ 160
Oats, ctls 760 Hides, no 323
Cheese, ctls... 114 Eggs, doz 8,700
Butter, ctls 120 Powder, cases 14 j
Tallow, ctls 260 Chicory, bbls 5
Beans, ska 1,992 Quicksilver, flks. 135
Potatoes,' Bks 15,184 Leather, r0115.... 40
Onions, sks 754 Lumber, ft 60,000
Bran, Bks 1,650 Wine, gals 100,100
Shorts, sks 112' Brandy, gals 2,600
Middlings, sks... 225 : Raisins, bx5...... 2,495
Hay, tons 651 Lime, bbls 590
Straw, tons 29! Sugar, bags 973
Hops, bales I*3 l
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr Bks 11.1441 Shorts, sks 2,750
Oats, ctls 15,230 Flaxseed, sks.... 400
Bran, 6,571! ,
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 9,3*3' Bran, Bks 800
Barley, ctls 2,400! Shorts, sks 737
Oats, ctls 540 Wheat, ctls 3,235
Potatoes, pk5..... 1,101 i Onions, &ks.. 100
EASTERN.
Corn, ct15......... 1,600] Hay, tons 40
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET."
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Fish and Meats sell at last week's prices.
Poultry and Game show few changes. Tur
keys are lower than before Thanksgiving.
Fruits and Vegetables are about the same as
before.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly j
"price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel I @12 00 Castle Gate.. s3 80®
Wellington . ©10 00 1 Southfleld
New Welling- I Wellington @950 i
ton @10 00 1 Coos 8ay.... <&) 7 00 \
Seattle 8 00@ 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per Cheese, Swiss 20®25
square 43®50 Common Eggs 35&40 ;
Do. per roll 40<jj45 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 31\2 r Q — ' dozen 45ig'5O '
Pickled 35®40 Honey Comb, per
Firkin, per 1b..— @25 lb 12@15
Cheese, Cal 12® 15 Do, extracted...—
Cheese, Eastern . .ls® —
Meats, per lb. —
Bacon ..12®17 Pork, fresh — ©12
Beef, choice 12@15!Pork, salt 10@12
Do, good B<g>loPork, ch0p5....... — @12 |
Corned Beef — m 8 : Round Steak 10&12 [
Ham, Cal 12%®15i Sirloin Steak 12®15
Do, Eastern — (sls ' Porterhouse, do... — ©20
Lard .*.12(515 ] Smoked Beef 12© 15
Mutton 10-&12 Pork Sausages.. 12' 2 <(T2')
Lamb 15 1 Veal ...10@15 !
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50® 65 Quail, pr dos.l 50®l 75
Young Roost- I Mallard, pair. 75@1 00
ers, each..... 50® 75 Canvasback, pr
Old Roosters, j pair 1 25®1 75 j
each 40<i? 60 Sprig, pr pair. 65® 75 ,
Fryers, each.. 60@ — Teal, pr pair.. 40® 50
Broilers, each. — @ 40 Widgeon, pair 40# 60
Turkeys, pr lb 15<g> 18 Small Duck... 40® —
Ducks, each... 60® 75|Wild Creese, pr
Geese each...l «1 25 1 pair 50<g> 60
Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50 English Snipe,
Rabbits,- pair. — 401 per doz 2 00® —
Hare. each.... — @ 20|Jack Snipe.... l 50@ —
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 10®12 Limes, doz 10<2?15
Apples lb 4@ 6 Oranges, doz: 25®40
Bananas, doz 15@20 Pears, per lb 4® 6 j
Cranberries, per I Raspberries, per
quart 12%®— drawer 40®50
Grapes per lb B' Raisins, lb s@lo
Huckleberries, per ! Strawberries, per
lb 6010 drawer 25©50 I
Lemons, doz 20@— I Walnuts, lb 12@15
Vegetables- "
Artichokes, d0z...50®75 Mushrooms, lb — @—
Beets, doz li@ls Onions, lb 4@ 5
Beans' white, lb.. -1® 5 Peppers, green 8010
Colored, lb 4(3 5 Potatoes, lb 20 a
Lima, lb s<&— Do 5weet........ Z0 4
Cabbage, each.... s@lo Parsnips, doz 15020
Cauliflowers, each S'SIO Radishes, dz bchsioei2
Celery bunch 5@ — I Sage, doz bnchs..2s®3s
Cress" ' doz buchs.2o®2sj String Beans, 1b..10(j? —
Cucumbers, d0z.. .20025' Thyme, lb 20(fi30
Green Peas, lb 6@ 7 ' Turnips, doz 15@20
Lentils, lb 6@ 8 Tomatoes, lb 3@ 5
Lettuce, doz 15@25
Fish, per lb. —
Barracuda ...' 10012 Shrimps B@lo
Carp 6 Shad —#10
Codfish ..10«?12 Sea Bass 10@—
Flounders h<& 6 Smelts 12fd15
Herring 10 Soles 8(?M0
Halibut —(512 Skates, each 5(810
Kingflsh 8«il0 Tomcod — ©10
Mackerel ...: — ®— I Clams, gal. — ©50
Do, Horse — ©— .Do. hardshell, 100.40W30
■perch Bslo Crabs, each.... — 10®15
Pompano 6*©7s|Do, softshell. d0z.25(535
Rockflsh 10@12 Mussels, qt 10^12 |
Salmon, smoked.. .Oysters, Cal. 100..40Cfr—
Salmon, fresh..... 12®— Do. Eastern, d0z.25@40
Sturgeon ..." 12@15l
• ♦ »
DID PRUSSIANS FIGHT THE
GREEKS? 1
It has been denied that German officers j
took part In the actual fighting in the
Greco-Turkish war, so it Is well to point
out that there are two allusions in a book.
"The Greco-Turkish War of 1897" to their
action, and a quotation from an "account
written by Grumbkow Pasha, Prussian
artillery instructor to the Ottoman army."
who "had been sent to the army to super
vise the armament and ammunition," but
"without holding any definite command."
General yon Grumbkow on April 25 com
manded the ten' squadrons of cavalry and
the horse artillery battery which started
for Larissa. and. after he had been rein
forced, the three regiments of calvary
which entered that town. It is a curious
fact related by the German officer in ques
tion that he set a Greek against the wall I
with the intention of shooting him, and
was prevented from doing so by Turkish
— Athenaeum.
■ ♦ «
London has taken up the experiment
of municipal street railroads. The South j
London tramways have been bought .by i
the County Council for $4,250,000.
THE CALL'S CALENDAH.
November, 1898.
Moon •«
1
2
>
*
>Q-L»Bt Quart
'ii November
ter.
H
13
a New Moon. .
W November 13.
Tk First Quarter,
JgT November 3u.
©Full Moon.'
November 17.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Iso
vember IS, 1898. .
Notice is hereby given of the following
changes made in the buoyage of the Columbia
River which affect the L.lst of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1397:
Columbia River, snip channel across the Bar
as far as Astoria. Or., page 46 eiatsop Spit
Buoy No B—On November 18 the position of
thl* buoy", a first-class nun, was changed, and
It is now moored in & feet of water to mark
the north edge of Clatsop Spit- „ .
Fort Stevens Wharf Post Llgt—East south
ea Cape Disappointment Lighthouse—Northwest
Mcftiwan'i Wharf (outer end)— East north-
Columbia River, main ship channel from
Tongue Point to Jim Crow Point, page 49. west
side of Channel Buoy No. o— On November 23
this buoy, a black second-class spar, was dis
continued.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
GEO. C. REITER,
Commander. U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspector
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland, Or., November 23. 1893.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, t*
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th*
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the iew Ferry
building at the foot of Market street, Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United btates Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was droppM
on time or giving -the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day
>V . S. H . (jM Ea,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In chargp
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE _The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mirslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26.
Sun rises "'M
Sun sets '.-;• .-•;• ■«»*
Moon sets 5 - 3 ° a - m -
Ft. ;
Ft.
Ft.
3:11
3:50
2.9
9-30 6.0! 4:31
10:04 6.9 5:13
LW H W
4:29 3.1! 10:3»
5:03 3.3 11:15
5:52 3.3| 11:52
6:37 3.4! 12:29
7:31| 3.4| 1:06
11:32
:t> ...
17 ...
....
!8 ...
4.3
4.3
4.4
4.4
4.4
5.8 6:52—0.
5.6 6:30!-0.
5.4 7:08|— 0.
5.1 7:441-0.
4.7J 8:20| 0.
-O.i
!9 ...
■■ - *
1:11
1:58
2:41
10 ...
1 ...
jjOTE i n the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the' last or right hand column gives the
last tide of th* day. except when there are but
three tides as sometimes occur. The heights
eiv°n are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, "cept
when a minus sign (-) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.. No
vember 25. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1 c at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean tlme^^^
Lieutenant. V. S." N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Chilkat Humboldt
Burma Nanalmo
Navarre. , l'aqulna Bay
Homer Coos Bay '
Coos Bay Newport
Arcata Coos Bay ••• '
Leelanaw Seattle
Geo. W. Elder.. Port land •• m
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound
Pomona Humboldt ■■
Corona San Diego ji
San Bias ; Panama V
Mlneola '£ ? x , - ;
Fulton Portland j:
South Portland. \ Portland i:
Alliance ! Portland I
Columbia i Portland i
Chas. Nelson... Seattle |
Orizaba Newport
Ell Thompson.. Seattle \
Washtenaw ; Tacoma :
Weeott Yaqulna Bay
North Fork Humboldt :
Santa Rosa San Diego ,
Del Norte Crescent City
State Calif ornlal Portland
Nov. 26
Nov. 28'
Hot. 28
I Nov. 29
Nov. 27
Nov. 27
Nov. 27
Nov. 28
Nov. 28
Nov. 2*
Nov. 23
Nov. 23
Nov. 29
Nov. 23
Nov. 30
Nov. 30
Dec. I
Dec. 1
Dec. 1
Dec. I
Dec. 1
Dec 1
Dec. 3
Dec. 3
I Dec. 4
Dec. «
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Destination.
f ler.
Santa Rosa. ;
Walla Wall!
Chilkat ....
Santa Rosa. San Diego (Nov. 27. 11 ampler 11
Arcata ... Coos Bay Nov. 29, 10 am Pier 13
State of Cal Portland Nov. 29. 10 am, Pier 24
Cleveland .iPu^et Sound.. ;Xov. ». M am,P« 3
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
"" ■ " ' ~ ARRIVED.
Friday. November 25.
Stmr State of California. Parsons. 53 hour*
from Portland; via Astoria 41 hours.
Smr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 61 hours from
S< Str^r ie Br'unswlck. Andresen. 23 hours from
E What' stmr Fearless. McKenna. 13 days from
U sfmr "Samoa. Jahnsen, 22 hours from Eureka-
Scnr Nettie Low, Low. 5 hours from Point
ReyeS " CLEARED. ¥>f-
Friday. November 25.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. 25 hours from Eu
re stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka: Goodall. Perk
ln |tmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego;
G Br ia 8 "rw*on?Balmond. 88 hours from
D |? l lp U Lucul y 'Ander on. 6* days from Beat
"lchr Aloha. Dabel. Honolulu: Williams. Dl
mond & Co.
SAILED.
Friday. November 25.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz
Stmr George Loomis. Bridget*. «turm.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall. San Pedro.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 25-10 p. m.-Weather.
clear; wind. W; velocity. 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Amy Turner loads mdse for Hllo; Jabe«
Howes, mdse VV^Tin-idscoal at Nanalmo for
H^uT^o KeVrcoaTat Departure Bay
f °Th e h 'Marguerlte Elise leads wheat at Port
land for Europe. 355. EN
Oct „»t iSL« asV Franco* Smith
Oct 3-Lat 8 N. long 4o ™ • sn FF £ ftnc4sco .
from Philadelphia, for r , Gerard o
Oct 19-Lat »S. long <« • gan FrAn(:isCGm
T^ ey> i^T 1 V long - -Br ship Laurlstoa.
f r r'o^n.^Un S t^n Ts
ALBION-^ Nov 25-Stmr Aloha, for San =
F VENTURA-Salled Nov 25-Schr JennU
W SEATTLE E -S& Nov 25-Stmr Dora, for
S *!clXm°A !l(^a»cl Nov 25-Ger ship Nereus:
ASTORIA-^ ; for Queenstown. Nov
Br bark Mozamm-i Pa" Francisco.
B;
Ivy. henc
Now tf. ARBOR— Arrived Nov 25— Schr Se
('rßThav" from San Pedro: schr C H Mer
chant nenee No™ 14; .tmr Signal, hence Nov
21 >, Oii a vov Schr Jennie Thelln, for San
Sa !««•• schr^Charles Hanson, for Port Har-
-chr'lda Schnauer. for Port Harford: hr
ford. ?ctir a San Pedro; schr Orient, for San
Franco! schr Charles R Wilson for San
i,™"' r(i : chr ■Webfoot. for San Francisco:
fchV Emma Utter, for San Francisco: schr W
™ .. tt for San Francisco.
121'REKA-Salled Nov 25— Stmr Chllkat. for
ASTORIA- O salled Nov 25-Br ship Nlvelle.
f0 COOS e BAY^ATrived Nov 25-Stmr Westport.
hence Nov 23; stmr Chllkat. hence Nov 23.
Sailed Nov 25-Stmr Pasadena, for San Pc
■ dro* stmr NewberK. for San Francisco, and not
as reported yesterday.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Nov 25-Stm CoquiU.
R pOINT ARE I NA— Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Whites
boro. for Port Angeles. Corona, frm
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 25— Schr Corona, rrm
"sailed r Nov 25— Schr Annie Larsen. for San
P SEATTLE—A Nov 24— Stmr Charles
Nelson, hence Nov 21. _.  ...
PORT TOWNSEND-Salled Nov 24— Bktn
Robert Sudden, for Melbourne: schr Golden
Sh NEAH°B^-Paised Nov 25-Br bark GlffonJ.
Farallon.
from Dyea. r,V««if if« 3 ' „
' FOREIGN PORTS. _
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 24— stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
SYDNEY. NSW— Arrived prior to Nov Sen
Olga, from Eureka. 25— Ger ship Parchlm, fm
PEAL— Passed Nov % -G«r ship Parchlm, fm
Port Blakeley. for London.
QUA AS— Sailed Nov 25— Schr Reporter,
hence Oct 19. ■ „ _ . ,■ _,
, TOVOPTLLA— Arrived Nov 22— Br bark Glen
mark, from Oregon. '• ' .. ■ , ..
VALPARAISO— Arrived Oct 12— Chll ship
Ema Lulsa, from Port Blakeley.
- YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Victoria,
from Tacoma. ■ ' , - •'■
0 Sailed Nov Stmr City of Peking, for Baa
Francisco. ; ■..' « - • . .SEARCH FOR
VICTIMS WILL
SOON BEGIN
Baldwin Hotel Ruins
Still Unexplored.
A SALE NIPPED IN THE BUP
EASTERN SYNDICATE HAD OF
FEBED 53.000.000.
The Deal Would Probably Have Been
Closed Within Two Weeks Had
It Not Been for tiie
Fire.
ORIGIN OF THE FIRE.
T\llZ police have taken up the
story <>f the origin of the fire
given in yesterday's Call, to the
effect thai it was caused by a
crowd of drunken en, >ks and
waiters who became involved in a
n the kitchen, and have traced
source Crom which it ema-
The party who is credited
wit;; having made the statement
lenies it, but he will be put un
der Aath to-day by Fire Marshal
Towe.
Marshal Tow», while satisfied that
the lire originated In the kitch
en, has another theory as to the
and siivs he has little faith in
the statement that it was due to
the cause given.
Lying in the heart of Sun Francisco
Is a burial plat — not the usual grassy
sloped and flower bordered lawn ceme
tery wherein the dead are to sleep until
the final judgment day, but a horrid,
t, piled high with the
wreckage of the tire king, and inclosed
within four swaying, threatening walls
that are momentarily expected to bury
the victims of last Wednesday morn
ing's conflagration.
No mortal knows the number of oc
cupants of this unconsecrated ground,
the conviction is steadily growing
that the death roll will prove of fright
ful proportions when the total is estab
lished.
And these unfortunates have been
left where they fell for three days
without any move b«.ing made to rescue
their remains.
The city has left the matter of clear
ing away the debris v> the owner, who
in turn had progressed so far as to
call for bids for the work from sev
eral contract' 'is, when he was brought
up by a peremptory orde>- from the
Board of Fire Wardens to remove the
debris at once. It will be two or three
at best before the more threaten
: the wall can be razed
and the work undertaken with any de
rfety. In any other city of
ting size the ruins would not
have ttec.'me cold before this prelimin
ary Work would have been accom
plished and scores of men put at work
■iit; for the dead.
-:i stories >.f the character of the
supporting the theory of a heavy
iy list, are told daily, and are
bu< h as to explain why— if there are
many bodies in the. ruins — friends have
ported their disappearance.
Many of th- occupants "f the Bald
win Hotel ha 1 no friends, at least none
who would Interest themselves to the
extent of notifying the authorities of
their unaccountable absence from ac
ined haunts. Moreover, they* were
nomadic to an extent, guided by im
pulse, and here to-day there to-mor-
T"V . with none tc note their moi'e
ments.
T 1 at is why th^ Met of persons kno.vn
missing is so disproportionately
small to the conjectured d-ath roil. It
will also indicate the probability of
many bodies remaining unidentified
after they have been recovered. The
hotel will prove nothing,
for th : ir the uninitiated.
Ha<l the hotel remained standing two I
- r the property would la all
probability have been transferred to an
m syndicate and E. J. Baldwin
Id have had 13,000,000 cash In hand,
the amount of his Indebtedness to
*h-- Hibernia Hank.
Baldwin has been negotiating th a
locaJ agent for the sale of the property,
including the annex, for some time.
This gentleman was must guarded in
his talk, ani it Is doubtful if he ever
revealed the names of the intending
purchasers to Baldwin. He is a man of
krar.wn integrity, however, and con
vinced the owner that his principals
were what he represented them.
The negotiations had progressed to
such a Btage that the agent is con
vinced it would have been consummat
ed within a few days. Another proof
that Baldwin's proverbial luck has de
serted him, temporarily at least.
WRECKERS AT WORK
ON DANGEROUS WAXLS
The Board of Fire Wardens Orders
Their Immediate Re
moval.
The work of searching the ruins for
the bodies of victims cannot proceed j
until the toppling walls have been pull
ed down. So great is the danger of j
the walls collapsing that all attempts ■
to recover lost property ceased yester- I
day, and the police redoubled their ef- ;
forts to prevent foolhardy persons from
getting within the danger line. "Lucky"
Baldwin had employed a. number of la
borers to remove debris so hi? private
ssife could be recovered, but the work
was too hazardous and the men were
ordered to leave the ruins.
The many friends of Judge Carter
bad completed arrangements to conduct
a search for his body, which lies buried
somewhere within the wreck, but they
were informed that the men engaged to
do the work would in all probability be
buried under a mass of brick and mor
tar if they entered the ruins, and it
was decided to delay until the work
could be done without endangering the
lives of the workmen.
' . The Board of Fire "Wardens, which
consists of the Chief and district en
gineers of the Fire Department, met
yesterday and ordered the immediate
removal of the dangerous chimneys
and loosened cornices. After brief con
sultation a resolution reciting the fact
that the walls were a menace to thou
sands of people who traverse the
streets was unanimously passed, order
ing the owners of the property to re
move the danger forthwith. Acting
under instructions, Secretary Fernan
dez Immediately notified E. J. Baldwin
and Madison & Burke of the action of
the wardens, and also informed them
that failure or delay in complying with
the order -would result- in a rigid prose
cution. On receipt of the notice Mr.
Baldwin immediately closed a contract
for razing the walls with W. R Mays..
About 2 o'clock a gang of -wreckers ar
rived at the ruins, and while a large
force of men were rigging apparatus
to proceed with the work two daring
climbers made a thorough examination
of the tottering walls. These men are
George Renworth and William Mays.
Their report shows that the walls are
even more dangerous than the Police
and Fire departments supposed. The
Market-strvet side was found to be the
weakest and liable to collapse at any
moment. The wreckers decided to pull
this wall in first. An immense steel bar
was driven into the pavement in front
of the theater entrance. This is to
serve as an anchor for a house-mover's
"crab," which has a pulling capacity of
fifty tons. A powerful cable was then
laid into the ruins and passed through
a big snatch block fastened to a pier.
At the end of the cable is a grappling
hook, which will be used to pull down
the debris.
Darkness came on before any pulling
-could be done, but the wall directly op
posite the Emporium, which is the
vveakeat spot found, will be pulled down
this morning. After this the principal
cupola, on the corner of Powell and
-Market streets, which is also very dan-
IS, will be demolished. The wreck
ers expect to have the swaying walla
down in two or three days, and then the
search for bodies can be prosecuted.
LESSONS DKAWN
FROM THE FIRE
The Fire Commissioners Take Need
ful and Prompt Ac
tion.
The Baldwin Hotel lire formed the sub
ject of earnest consideration by the Fire
Commissioners at their meeting yester
day afternoon.
The Chief called the attention of the
board to the fact that at the time of the
fire there was a large area in the city
that was wholly without water. It was
that portion of the city that obtains its
water from the College Hill reservoir, and
included Chinatown, south of Jackson
street, to Market street, and west of
Valencia street. CltlEens li\ing on Ellis
ami Hyde streets, where there are largo
family hotels, and In the neighborhood of
McAllister and Webster streets and Fif
teenth and Noe streets had sent in com
plaints that they were without their sup
ply of water during the progress of the
hotel fire. The Chief thought it was a
most serious state of affairs and demand
ed serious and prompt attention. It was
decided to call the immediate attention
i>t the Board of Supervisors and Presi
dent Howard of the Spring Valley Water
Works to the matter with a view to
remedying- it at once.
A petition will also be presented to the
Board of Supervisors requesting them to
lay a basalt pavement, fourteen feet wide,
in the center of all streets paved with
bituminous rock.
The following resolution was adopted:
"Whereas, The disastrous conflagration
of the Baldwin Hotel and loss of lives of
the inmates thereof has demonstrated the
great necessity of the immediate erection
of staircase tire escapes and stand pipes
on all frame building within the 'city and
county of three or more stories in height
where there are assemblages of persons,
and particularly of all school houses of
three or more stories in height, therefore
be it
Resolved, That the Board of Education
of this city and county be and they are
hereby requested to immediately place
staircase fire escapes and stand pipes on
all public school houses of three or more
stories in height in this city and county
as a means of egress in case of fire.
The heroic work of the men of the two
fire engines at -the corner of Market and
Powell streets during the fire when even'
moment their lives were in danger was
also referred to by the Chief, and the
necessity of having hydrants on both Bides
of the street where there are tall build
ings was pointed out. If this were done
the lives of firemen would not be placed j
in jeopardy.
NO TRACE OF MAYERS' JEWELS.
Police Want Two Germans Who Were ,
Last With Him.
All efforts of Detective Cody to solve
the mystery of tho disappearance of the
valuable jewelry taken from the body of
Mayers have been unavailing. Ac
cording to Information obtained by the
police the last persons seen with Mayers ■
•:pired on the Fidewalk at Pow- .
ell and Ellis streets were two stockily I
built Germans. He had asked them \<> \
assist him in carrying down his trunk,
agreeing to pay them well for it. They
accompanied him to his room and carried j
down his trunk, and were seen with him
| isi •■-■ fore he fell. The police *fould like
the two men to call at police headquar
ters as they might bf« nble to give import- j
ant information as to the mir.«ing jewels, j
MARY HART IS SAFE.
Chambermaids of the Baldwin With
out Clothing or Money.
Mary Hart, a chambermaid at the Bald
win Hotel, who was reported as missing.
has reported to her sister. Kate Hart, and
the two girls are saf-ly housed on McAl
lister street. The young women slept on
the fifth floor, directly over the theater,
and when the fire broke out they were
awakened by the crash of glass and the
roaring of the fire. They state that no one
awakened any of the chambermaids, that
the noise aroused them all from slumber,
and that they escaped in the best manner
possible. . '
All the female employes of the hotel
made their exit from the burning building
without any clothing except their night
robes, and -what money they possessed
went down in tho ruins. Since that time
friends have provided them with garments
to meet their temporary needs, but they
have nothing with which to purchase the
bare necessities of life. The hotel manage
ment has not yet taken any steps to pay
the girls the wages due them, and as this
is a most needy time with them some ef
fort should be "made to render them their
due.
FOB, SCANNELL MEDAL.
A. H. Christie Praises the Bravery of
Assistant Foreman Sayers.
A. H. Christie of Milwaukee, W!s.,
whoso thrilling < tperience on the morn
ing of the fire has already been fully de
tailed, yesterday sent a letter to the trus
tees of the Scannell fund, recommending
that the next medal for bravery hn
awarded to Assistant Foreman Sayers of
Elngine 1. In his letter he describes how
be gut out of his room on the fourth floor
to the cornice and crawled along to
the Powell-street corner when the crowd
below beckoned him to go back. He did
so. and re-entered his room and seized
a razor to cut his throat, rather than be
incinerated. Just at that moment Sayers
made his appear.'inee on the fire escape,
and urging Him to keep his head cool, led
him along the escape and to safety.
SUITS AGAINST BALDWIN.
Several Creditors Take Steps to Pro
tect Themselves.
Several creditors of E. J. Baldwin and
the Baldwin Hotel Company filed suits
in the courts yesterday to secure their
claims. D. A. Curtin, acting for some of
. creditors whose names are not given
i tiled a garnishment against Baldwin for
the sum of $3<X)O, whfl^ John Cassinella
sought to recover $25,". 68 from the Hotel
Company, and the Vermont Marble Works
asked judgment for $236 69 against the
company.
BALDWIN CLOTHIERS
SUFFER HEAVY LOSS
Immense Market Street Store Was
Filled With New
Goods.
The loss incurred, by the Baldwin Cloth
iers as a result of Wednesday morning's
lire will reach many thousands of dollars.
Every available bit of space in the firm's
immense store, which ran from Market
through to Ellis, was filled with counters
and shelves, which were piled high with
the very best stock obtainable. Besides
this great quantity of clothing the base
ment was filled from sidewalk to side
walk with cases of new goods which were
received but a few days before the costly
blaze. .
Appraisers have been taking an inven
tory of the water damaged goods for
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 189 S.
DEATH OF JULIUS REIMER.
The Well-Known Attorney Expires From an Attack of
Heart Disease.
JULIUS REIMER, an attorney well known in this city, died suddenly
yesterday morning while on his way to his office. He left his resi
dence, at 117 South Broderick street, at 9:15 a. m., and boarded a
Hayes-street car. On the way down town he was taken suddenly ill
with heart trouble, which had been afflicting him for some time, and was
taken off the car into the St. Nicholas Pharmacy, where he expired in a
few minutes. The patrol wagon took the body to the City Receiving Hos
pital, but the attendants at that place refused to receive the body, it
being apparent that he was dead. The remains were then taken to the
Morgue.
In accordance with the usual custom in such cases the clothing of the
dead man was searched but nothing of any value was found. The widow
and son of the deceased lawyer called at the office of the Coroner short
ly afterward and reported that when Mr. Reimer left the house he had
on his person a bag of gold coin belonging to a client, and they wanted
to know what had become of It. The Morgue officials ha<l searched the
body in the presence of witnesses and they could prove that the bag of
gold was not on the body when it was brought to the Morgue. Mrs.
Reimer was advised to call on the Chief of Police and notify him of the
loss of the money.
Judge Reimer was born in Leipsic, Germany, in IS4S, and settled in
this city in 1875, and remained here in the practice of his profession. In
]\S'J and 1890 he filled the office of Justice of the Peace with honor to
himself and with satisfaction to his constituency. He afterward entered
the race for a Police Judgeship and went clown with his party. His lit
erary attainments were of no mean order, and he had many friends and
admirers; in fact he had followed literary pursuits before he took up che
practice of the law.
three days, but as yet the loss cannot be
aceuratfly estimated. Thousands of the
latest style of suits and overcoats were
spread upon the counters for exhibition,
and when the Underwriters' Patrol ar
' rived rubber blankets were spread over
the goods to protect them as muoh as
possible from being- totally destroyed. As
a result of their prompt work, which was
done at great peril, the suits on the inside
of the heaps were only slightly damaged
In fact, the only injury was from the
smoke which at one time completely filled
the store. The nrw goods in cases wer^
somewhat damaged by water, which was
poured in torrents into the building
above. The cases, however, protected the
contents from serious damage.
These conditions have delayed a settle
ment with the insurance companies
which had taken risks on the stock.
In a day or two the appraisement of the
amount of damage will be completed and
an amicable agreement reached.
While the Insurance men are at work a
hundred clerks are also employed airing
the goods and restoring them to their
former condition. Messrs. Hyman and
Meyer, proprietors of the big store, are
reticent about giving figures on their
loss, saying it was one of the chances all
business men are compelled to lake.
WTiile the damage isconsiderable they are
well able to bear it, as they have been
extraordinarily sucessful during the time
they occupied the Market strt*< r
store. The senior member of the firm
only recently returned from the East,
where he spent several weeks purchasing
thi '.mm. nse Btook of new styles for their
last growing trade.
Before the fire hundreds of customers
w#re waited on daily, and the many
patrons of the house regret the disaster
which has fallen upon the firm, whose
name was a guarantee for honesty and
fair dealing. In a few days after their
loss has been adjusted they will decide
as to their future business plans.
FIRE PATROL PRAISSD.
M. A. Jacobs, proprietor of the Elite
tailoring house, which recently opened in
the Baldwin on Powell street, gives great
praise to the members of the Fire Patrol
for their effective work in saving his
goods from damage.
Wanted to See che Ruins.
E. W. Wainwright, of the tlrm of
Wainwright & Easton, well-known coal
dealers, was arrested last night and
charged with violating the tire ordinance.
Wainwright, it is claimed, insisted on
passing the fire lines, and when told to
gel back by Policeman Bunner he refused
to do so. He was then placed under ar
rest and formally charged at the City
Prison.
SAW THE BIRTH OF AN ISLAND.
Cradled in the Indian Ocean and
Rocked Like Giant's Causeway.
Th" BritisX steamer Breconshire. which
arrived Saturday from Java with a cargo
of sugar, brings a remarkable tale of a
phen unenon witnessed while the vessel
was but two weeks out of port and in the
i southern part of the- Indian Ocean. Ac
cording to the story, which is told in a
manner so graphic and so free from ex
aggeration as to leave little doubt re
garding its genuineness, the captain and
crew saw thrown up by a mighty up
heaval of the subterranean strata of tue
ocean's bed a curious island of basaltic
formation and which came Into existence
almost in the twinkling of an eye.
In that part of the Indian Ocean in
which the phenomenon was seen there
have for years been manifested phenom
ena suggestive of enormous internal dis
turbances beyond the solution of the av
erage navigator. There is a portion of
this enormous body of water which con
tinually steams with a baleful sulphur
impri'gnated vapor of such intensity and
volume as to cause this part of the ocean
to he studiously avoided by all mariners.
The Breconshire, however, was caught b-
the fringe of a monsoon and hurried
thereby far to the southeast of the usual
beaten track pursued by the homeward
bound fleet.
On September 15 there was noticed by
the man on the lookout, just after eight
hells or 4 O'clock, a cloud looming up
directly ahead and presenting a most
menacing front in the pathway of the
advancing craft. As far as the eye could
pee to the westward the entire horizon
was encompassed by a wall of steam.
into which the captain did not care to
venture until the sun should rise in the
morning and he could count on at least
fourteen hours of daylight. The steamer
accordingly hove to during the few re
maining hours of the waning afternoon.
The scene at this tfme was indescribably
weird. The sea, in its supernatural calm,
showed a surface so unmovable and
glassy that the shadowy outline of tho
■ v , ssel was clearly traced on its bosom
by the declining sun, which gleamed like
the mouth of a furnace directly ahead
While extending around to all points or
the compass, except to the south, was tne
mysterious wall of vapor rising perpen
dicularly from the sea.
Shortly after 10 o'clock, when the moon
had risen and shed an erratic luster over
the deep, a tremendous booming sound,
apparently about three miles to the north
ward, apprised the frightened crew that
more marvels were about to occur. At
the same moment, borne upon the bosom
of an immense wave, the Breconshire
mounted vertically to a point at least
twenty feet above her former position on
the ocean bed, and to the accompaniment
of an immense upheaval of water an
island appeared to leeward where all pre
viously had been but the sea and sky.
The suddenness of the event almost de
prived the crew of their senses, but they
I had little time to comment on the phe
! nomenon, b'ing obliged to look to the
I safety of the vessel. It was many anx
i ious moments before that safety was M
i sured, but apparently, as though nature
I had exhausted herself, the sea in a few
moments returned to Its wonted tran
quillity, the erstwhile looming: clouds of
vapor disappeared like magic and the full
i moon shed bright paths of silvery radl
| ance across the quiet bosom of the deep.
When day dawned a clear view was
afforded by the island, and Its volcanic
origin was clearly established. It con
sist.d of vertical columns of hard min
eral arranged with wonderful geometri
cal exactitude, resembling very strongly
the pictures of the famous Giant's Cause*
, way. it was found to be only a small
i Island, possibly not more than a quarter
j of a mile In circumference, and at Its
highest point did not have a greater alti
tude than a hundred feet. In all proba
! bility the new Island had been In forma
[ tiun for many yean beww the surface,
and only by an upheaval of extraordinary
intensity did It emerge above the- surface.
—Philadelphia Times.
UNPARLIAMENTARY KXPRESSIONB.
Probably the most difficult and unpleas
ant of the" duties which the Speaker of
the House of Commons Is called upon to
discharge is that of deciding whether an
offensive personal allusion to a member,
in the course of rebate, is or is not a
breach of parliamentary decorum. There
is no definite rule or order to j?ulde the
Speaker in this delicate matter. The de
cision Is left entirely to his own taste and
discretion. Hut there has always been a
rather curious distinction drawn between
remarks that reflect adversely on a mem
ber as a man arid un a member as a poli
tician. According to well established
precedents the former are !n all cases
considered unparliamentary, while the
latter rarely m~ * with a reprimand from
the Speaker.
Illustrations of both categories of per
sonal allusions, and th<- light in which
they are regarded by the occupant of the
Chair, were afforded one night In the ses
sion of 1886, during the debate on the new
rule of i >r dure in regard u> supply. The
expressions were applied to a prominent
member of the opposition and to the
leader of th»> House. It Was said of the
former that he had been "a monumental
instance of inconsistency throughout his
political life," Sere we have an allusion
CO a member as a politician. It was met
with cries of "Order, order!" and "With
draw, withdraw!" from the occupants of
the opposition benches, but Speaker Gully
stopped the interruptions by saying, "The
honorable member has not used any un
parliamentary language." Later on in the
debate the leader of the House was told
that "by a subterfuge" he was "going to
palm upon the House a resolution."
"That," said the Speaker, "is hardly
proper language to use." The word "sub
terfuge" w«s withdrawn by the offending
member, and amid laughter "misappre
hension" was substituted in its place. —
Nineteenth Century.
Heroes of War.
From the Chicago Times-Herald.
The feeling: of admiration for heroes of
war seems to be innate in the human
heart, and is brought to the surface as
the opportunity and object for such hero
worship presents itself.
Among those who proved their heroism
during our Civil War was A. Sehiffeneder
Of 161 Sedß-
wick street.
Chicago. He
is an Aus-
trian by
birth, came
to America
at the age of
twenty, and
soon became
at) American
citizen. lie,
was living at 1
M i 1 waiikee
when the
call for
volunt eers
came, early
in 1862, and
he promptly
inlisted in He receives a wound.
Company A of the Twenty-sixth Wiscon-
sin volunteers. In the Army of the Po-
tomac our hero saw much fighting, cara-
paigning in the Shenandonh Valley.
In the first day's* fighting at the battle
of Gettysburg. Schiffeneder received a
wound in the right side, which afterward
caused him much trouble. With a por-
tion of his regiment he was captured and
imprisoned at Bell Island and Anderson-
ville, and afterward exchanged. He re-
turned to his regiment, which was trans-
ferred to the army of General Sherman,
and marched with him through Georgia
to the pea.
In this campaign Mr. Schiffeneder's old
wound began to trouble him arid he was
sent to the hospital and then homo. He
had also contracted catarrh of the stom-
ach and found no relief for years.
"I happened to read an account of Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills for Polo People about
a year ago," he said, "and thought that
they might be good for my trouble. I
concluded to try them. I bought one box
and began to take them according to di-
rections. They gave me great relief.
After finishing that box I bought another,
and when 1 had taken the pills I felt that
I was cured. I recovered my appetite
and ate heartily. I can testify to the good
the pills did me."
Mr. Schitteneder is a prominent Grand
Army man in Chicago, whither he moved
some years ago with his family.
ADVEBTISEHENTS. I lirTlll C A I EC
ABSOLUTE SECURITY. A^""l I
~~ — SIXTH ANNUAL SALE I
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must! THOROUGHBRED
bear signature of /^^^^ -—YEARLINGS —
FROM
VerrsmaUanduseasv — -—■^»-— — ■ PALO ALTO STOCK FARM,
Very small and as easy - To Be Bold at
to take as sugar. PUBLIC AUCTION
SEE iPARTFRftIr!!!! Sl^l?«^ SEE Tuesday, Nov729th, 1898,
Vr»l\l L>l\V run OIZZINISS* Commencing at 7:30 p. m., by Electric Light.
nniTfTHTP p FOR BILIOUSNESS. r^naTYTIVr salesyard, cor. van- NESS AVE. and
GENUINE HIVFR for torpid liver. GENUINE , MA r-^ t s^ ■ a
I ILLS FOR CONSTIPATION, Horses v" farm Saturday *
WRAPPFR 'H « " for sallow skih. WRAPPFR KILLIP & CO., Livestock Auctioneers,
it iiaii^ii WBmSm FOR THE COMPLEXION n Montgomery street, aan f^uco, c.i.
25c?rts ! Purely VegetaHle. /^w^<^ w rS J&s
"fk,l3stteid oist :r,:eid paper." JlttlAL AULIION jALI
. M^ BMMMMM^ M|M , |^ MMWW^ M^^i M |^ MWM I^MS^i^iMMMBJB^BaMBJB^B^B^S^BaSJBJB^B^S^B^B^BJS^SMB^BJBaMBS^B^SJMBMSJBJS^^ . . ■ AT . . -
~ sr i^y OCCIDENTAL HORSE MARKET,
\ ttr s*? n K' "2!r \st£^\<^^ TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 11 a. m. 1
A?VX- Tg^/fi' f »CjL»iLV \spr J&\ >nJv rS=^^^^ff^^£VUaV^^^^ from 1100 to 1700 pounds;' Shetland ponies; fine
•int^k. ijPjg- f jjj ES= — ITIJ Mf-^^Lf^^^ matohed black team, weight 2400 pounds; also
i^v*%|^^^A,^ .i. ij^M- 4, 'Tl^^ ' vW 902 CALIFORNIA ST., COR. POWELL,
. |^~^ry^r%^ l^.^-g^f f J^ t"i3^^^r^"^^^^^^^^ 7:OOa l»cnicia, Huiaun and Sacramento. ... 10:45 a
**^^ m"m "~ mm ~~ m $ u^^^^3 ■ fl*^f 1 *^ AN I :J-"»""^ r . 7:OOa MaryßTille, UxovUloaud Reddiug Tin
9 \fria 1 Sv^wll 7:00a Klicira, Vaearllle and huwsey Bx4sf
' 'Wv i '* 7:8Oa Martinei,SanßAroon ( Valiejo,N»p»,
._ -^ V^ .^ — - " . . UaltsUiga »ud Santa Ri»a •:IBf >
I was riding on the Brooklyn elevated, said a lady, when I noticed •..*» **?«£^^ff^ »'«'
two nice looking men sitting opposite me who were reading the ad. UK •..*,
i'*»rti<;incr rards over mV head. I heard One OI tnem reau : sisoa Stockton, oakd»ie»adjMneau>wn.. 7:i»r
\Crusillli taiua v»v-i j •»:80a Milton »7il»F
, . *'/■'! ■ »:O«a Martinez, Tr»cj, Lathrop, Meroed
"Open your mouth and shut your eyes • »nd Fresno l»:i»»
And 111 give you something to make you wise. »:««A Fr o ' HakersOelil. SanU Barbara.
■" 6"" j •» Log ADgtles, Demisg, El Puao,
Whereupon the other said: "That is an advertisement of Ripans Fn»no, r Menaot», fr»cy wid" m*i'.
Tahules— a good thing ! I know that from my own experience.- ,#:o<>A, #:0<>A v M ariin« and way suiioni ?!«'
I used to have occasional headaches that spoiled a day for me About T^gSS^^^XTwiiJi^ nSfl
two years ago I learned about the Tabules and they stave off the head- B^f^^ B SL 1 M l ££SilKa J9:lsa
ache every time. I carry them in my vest pocket regularly now. ; vi^ia. ... ***'
"I mu/look into that," said the other man, "for I too have "tS^S^ISS^S m*»
, ... >> , • 4tOOp Martinez. Ban lUnion, Vallejo .
headaches nOW and then. . Nap*, Callstoga, ICI verano and
"Wei!," said his friend, "Ripans Tabules will break them up. 4 .«t B B n^ u^VnYeV Vioafiodi " ilB *
Here ! take one now," added he, producing a vial from his vest pocket K^ig^if«»*fe <*> imm
*' And " savs the ladv the man swallowed the Tabule then ana 4:s<* Howards, Mies and San jo« 7i4»*
Aiiu, •"*./ n»v *««j , si««p MarUiie*, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
there." Moja*e, S»»t» Barbara and Jam
• ' ,« Angel™ St4»*
A now srrle twket contalnlnir ns iabcijs In a p»per eartoo (wltbont glass) la now for sale at »oin« ijrija StOOp Santa Fa Roule. Atlantic Kxpreu
TMalo* priced «on I* Intended for the poor »nd fte eeonomloal. p^otencrfth* . for Mojate and Kant 6:«p
fi^^rSrSS (lOtitoules} ciu^W b» mall by^rMllnK *2™£%£\ L^ j£ M&V2L2? " Paciflc Cowt Limited." El Paso,
*aht. No. » Bj«%o« Street, Now Tork-or a tingle outou (IBS tA»UM« wUI be t«nt to/ a»e euaa. Fort Worthi LUUe Kook> 8t
Louis, Chloaaoaiid Bast |«<4sr
__ . _ , 0i8«pNlle«, -Ban Jo»e, Tracy, I.athrop, ♦
OCEAN TRAVEL. RAILROAD TRAVEL. B .so*st2J£K? aud 1mbd............... «Vi»P
; ~ ; -~ ■ — *~'- uuvwl ~~" *" jBtQVr Kuropean Mall. Ogdeu and Kart.... 9:49k
Pacific Coast Steamship Co, \ I^nickerbocker i: '^^TO.'^.'SffJf.SS »*»
1^ . Steamers leave . Broadway JTV ._. . ." _.'. ._ '" V .••••■' Or«gon K«prt.(iB.Sacraii.eiiko..Mary»-
KVir^ wharf. San Francisco: . . - C r» I€l 1 .*«. Itoddiiig ,I'ortlaii.l, I "get
bPHSPV For Alaskan ports, ma. m.. <sPwClcll« ' . *' ' '"'■' ''-^ — Sll
■Prfnfcjs^ Nov. 87, Dec. 2. transfer at v-^a-rv^ *^ " NAN I.KAM>!tO (Ml HATWAI»>S LOCAL.
KHw^R Keattle. '"•"'"„ PAMOTIc; Vnn\nAY TDATN ' (Koot of Market Street.) '
■kTßjyi For Victoria. .Vancouver (B. hAMOUb MUUINUAY I RAIN wi.i.; ,r >> ....1,..r. I'^rU "7
zSgjSla BIG FOUR ROUTE, » SSSS f^S
a m.. Nov. 27. Dec. 2. and FROM ST. LOUIS TO - <I1*:«Oa . Leandro, F.»tudlll«, J2 : JHJ
every fifth day thereafter, transfer at Seattle :i2:«Om ' I-orenio. Cherrr • ,i : i5
to this company's steamers for. Alaska and O. New York, il:OOr , »■•• t2:4*P
N. Ry. at Tacoma to N. "P. Ry., at Van- .. «=.-,_-._._, 5:«or H«j»»r«t». «3:45p
couver to C. P. Ry. „ „ DOSIOn, - . 7i«»p i Kun» through to Nile*. 7:«t
For Eureka (Humboldt nay) 2 p. m.. Nov. Montreal, • • i  • ' ■> l From wilt? * I .
Phvuroß }'ort Harford (. s an l.uis innspo), ■_ j!____«ii m — ■ • —
Gaviota' "anta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. InOianapOHS, g»lsAKewark,CenterTille,San Joae,Kelton,
, San Pedro, East San IV**> (Los Angeles) and Cincinnati. BoulderCreek,B»ot»Oruiand War
I Newport} a m., Nov. 25. 29. Dec. 3. and every «^1 ntr 1 n ne»1 1, Stations 0»5«l
I fourth day thereafter. „ Washington. ««ils» Newark CeDterTille, San Joee, Now ,v V
For San Dlpko stopping only at Port Har- *=• Al:n»Jec, Felton, Boulder Creek.
i fnH (<s«n Luis Oblspo) Santa Barbara, Port Finest and fastest regular train between Mis- Santa Crun and Principal Way
tn« AnH-ei#.V and Redon-lo (Los Angeles). 11 a. eisslppl River and Eastern Seashore, over great- Stations M«:»«4
™ Vw >>7 t^,, 1 and every fourth day *st system of transportation In the world— 4tlsp Newark, San .Tone and Los Oatoa.. . »tS«*
m.. NOir. -/, i-eo. x. nu Vanderlillt Lines. flli43p Ilnntert' Eicnrslon, San Jose and
For Kn-enada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls. Wash- Way Button «. t7:2Bt
rJILT Mazat^n A'tiua i0 La a. P m Z ; Santa Koealia '«: Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs. CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
an^Gunvma" iC 10 a. m. Hho. 15, Jan. This. train allows half day's stop in St. Louis CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
« ! F i 4 Mar 9 Apr 6. and goes into the only depot in New York City. rrtiaSll mSOlSCQ— root «f Market Strut (Slip l>—
For further information obtain folder. C. W. GREEN. Traveling: Passenger Agent. .7:18. 7:18 9 :00 ll:0()».il. tl:OO »2:00 tS:OI
The company reserves the right to change Kansas City. Mo. *4-00 tB-QO *8:03r.M. --•*.;-
wlThout°privloL notice steamers, sailing dates A.^J. f WHIT.HEAD. Traveling Passenger Pro|^ o^KLAKD— F.Vt »f Br»d ..t.-.«;00 8:00 10:00*.«.
"fIOKKT UTfIOB — » New Montgomery TO P. DEPPE, Assistant General Paesen- t12.00 ■ «I:00 ta:QO »3:00 |t:QO "8:00p.m.
8tr -nn, ( ,AVf Ce pl-R-INS &CO G,n^A K 8 ger Agent. St. Louis. Mo. ■ ■ COAST 1M VISION (Broiid Wange).
GOODALL, PE^INB* 8 C . O g a n Fr^n cl3 co. IT^I ~ (Third and Tow usend Ste.) .
_ ■ — /^^.-, M*,JLZ^. — -_ 2*_ 7:o© a Sau Jose and Way Station* (New
SL I*% S 8¥«MB HHlj^ Ahnad.'ii Wednesdays oiJy) l«80l
THE 0. R, &N. CO. WaillUl Ilia »:»oa Ban .1 <>?,>, Tr«» i'ino». s«ut» cnu,
the vi ■■■ &in co. WIBB 7" ""*- L,,| 8 OhUpo. Uuadalupe, Surf aud
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO W • j^ _ O i4-_«-. -■ ' :■* ' Principal Way SUtii.us 4:10 (
I— > /- -T— > m-r A -NT T-\ > M B SIH B 3 jTsr-"sT 1 ln:4O* Sau Jose and Way Stations •«:«Oj
. «^T On l P^ ~, at i»«. Berth, _'" ' ' "' '.. "* Palo Alto, Santo Clara, San Jo^. f
FARE $8 Second Class In and Meala. hl Cante fpßftll^ v ■* Mw'te^j Pacing
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 24, Dec. 4, 14, 24 C9^£ 0 « 3-43 £ %.. IlilUlV v Oro»e •!•>»•»
STATE OF CAL. sails. ...Nov. 29, Deo. 9. 19, 29 ' »»:S»r San Jose and Way Stations •«•.••,
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte, Connecting: Train Leaves San Fran- •4ilsrSanJoieaudPrlndpal Way Stations »:-IS4
Helena and all points in the Northwest. cnn _*. c p M pvcrv SUNDAY # »io«pBan Jose and Principal Way Stations 6iB3j
Through tickets to all points East. ,-. TnccnAV comAV OOINUAY, 5.3»p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations O:8«l
. E. C. WARD, General Agent, TUESDAY, FRIDAY. 6:ll©p San Jo«e ami Way 5tat10u5......... 7sSol
coodai L PERKivs 630 Market street. Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the ti lB4ai> San Jose and Way Btatlons... 7i»o|
pnnniT r ■pttrtttntq x~ rn Arrives In Chicago at o:lo A. IW. the _ .—.... — . ..
GOODALL.. FfcKKliNh & , cti., . fo|i««/lno- Thursday Saturday A for Morniug. P for AfUrnoon. .
Sup ' '"" '*"'" In I Tupsdav-ArrlvlW In New • R«n4a». .icep^l t ftmdafs osily. tBat.iHmy.Mlv
— Yorklt f:3O P. MFridfy. Sunday and ThursJmys iSatard.y.and W.dneadag
Compagnie Benarala Transatlantique. DIi W cA n R e s sd I7FFET C A R . Ob - California northwestern by. ca
(French Line) servation Car and Electric T TjiQcj-crTr
direct link to havre-paris _- 4sa _ Lighted Sleeping Car. l_iJiiB=»B=>.tti.iii
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday This Train is in Addition to the Daily SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North &fi£U2 This Train Is In Addition to the Dally oAH rnANUOIiU AHU NUnIH YkWWt
River, foot of Morton street. Overland Express. • - . .. RAILWAY COMPANY.
it Si^^SiiS^? Ml FRANCISCO T!CKErQFFICE — SZI MARKET ST, Tiburon **•»•_£? of Market st - .
la ::::::::::::::::::::::::::»£. • telephone main .uu. week days 11 ?* o .™ A £ a t^» A^»*
H tr^ah^T«avVe"V9o • a nd-upward D 6 eC 8 r Oakland Offiee-1118 Broadway. K 6:S/\»'f m. &o T b "r e dayV-^r. U t^
cent rVrtucuon o ¥™n™zl^^^uL*Sl Sacramento Offioe-201 / Street. u.ao P . m . Saturday-Extra trip, at i*.
1 oKNEn\L 'v-rvVVF^'uV-xJ™ states San Jose Office-7 West Santa Clara St sunLays4:(S!' » :3». 11:00 a. m.; i:». i:».
A ?V"f^^ r rSn 8 f M k i HfiDTU DAPICin nn«CT D All nnin B: san M raVaei. to san francisco.
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco. Abenta - NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. K s^lo T |^m {rip^ tu
— ~~r Via Sausallto Ferry. 1:65* and 6:35 p. m. ■
"___,«. n , h q a uniM . FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY SUNDAYS— B:IO. »:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:49, 1:40.
P3SP^S3lir ii e i ii , i\ti, il A AND SAN RAFAEL. 6:00. 6:26 p. m.
ias!*Sa3iS* stllli s , vla , , nolu . V an " WEEK DAYS-*7:20, '^^Q, 11:00 a. m.; «1:45. Between San Francisco and SchueUen Par*
rfi^ . , '""Auckland for Sydney 3:45 6:15 ,6:00, 6:00 8:30 m wme schedu i e a8 above. . _, -
f_- Q-.iEQ -.iE S e 2? ee i S n^'m wr>»M» EXTRA TRIPS-For San Rafael on VALLEY SUNDAYS— B:IO, ; »:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:4«, 1:40.
PQPSfIftSiP i, MOANA ANU gAN RAFAEL. 6:00. 6:26 p. m.
J» ! i l lff 'l* Ea: '1 , vlfl i '■ |I "'' J ' 1 , WEEK L>AVS~*T:2O. 'S»:30, 11:00 a. m. ; »1:45. Between San Francisco and Schuetaen Park
\ZWB "" BW Auckland for riydney 3 . 45 g.^ ,6;00, 6;00 8 . 30 m me scnedu i e as above.
» ™ e «? e fn n y ' m V W EXTRA TRIPS-For San Rafael on Monday, jvrnr T^^
l^mß7ir#lr- Wednesday. December I: a in. marked -Tun to San Ouentln. • Week Sun- 189S. Sun- Week
l2!iPII«ri«. * * 2p. m. A raina inarncu run io nan \N FR A MCI9CO Da y s - ,1,,,,. Destination. da •* Day..
iSfe*?SS^S^ AUBtraUa - andCAPE FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. Da}8 ' daya " Destination. 10:40am £.-
Line to COoLGAHDIE, Australia, and CAPE wjtitk HATS- V'i •«•« 7-45 'S-aO a- m • '
TOWN South Africa ««-»n »%n »v« fi-as r 7'm 7:3oam 8:00am Novato, 10:40am l:«atn
J .D.SPKECKEL S BROS. &m CO.. Agents. g on^Monday.. Wednesday. •gg- •*» s^->--. $!Bg£»,{B«
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco. SUNDAYS— 6:2O, »S:00, U0:00. *11:55 a. m.; ; jFu"lt^ T: '
- nn T I ra.;s 11 ° mm a 4 rfed*. 6: 8 ta P rt II f n ro m SanQuent.n. '»•» SEW "*"*
BAY AND BIVEB 3TEAMEBS. from mill valley to san francisco.
>^>«^^-^ rt^ i >^^^^ v -^^^ i —^^^w.'va^.-^^^w — -■ "EXTRA 'toipS° oA Mondays. Wednesday. l:»Pm 8:00am Cloverdal..' T:3spm « :11pm
COD II C UAUV ViOn AMn UAIICin EXTRA TRIPS" on Mondays. Wednesday. l:»Fn> 8:00 am Cluverdal*. T:Sspm «:«pm
run U. 0. HAVT-TAnU ArJU VALLUU. and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. ; S^TTnTTnT
Steamer "Monticello." f^^l^'^ lU: ° 5 *" m " : U:C6 I:2 °' B:2 °' Warn 8:00am l k?ai and 7:Bspm 6:a P «
Mon., Tues.. Wed., Thura. and Sat ' * ' THROUGH TRAINS. TZ i ' ~ 7TZ ' '
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.) 7-20a.m. week days-Cazadero and way sta-na, 7:«><"n ' „ .' nm 10:25an »
fefirjisiVVW^ m. 1:46D - B i ta t s i a on u s rda> "- Duncan MUU and way , , P m 8 - oOam auernevlUe. 1 -" Bm .a IM .
Sunday... ,10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m. "" ,tatlons I:3opm > 6:2lpra
Land.n an^ of noes- M'sffnDock. l>lWt »:00 a. Sundky>- D uncanMin. and way t»-», -^^^ -^jj^ ~^; o^— JJ^^ 7^a£
_.__.._ _.__. 7; tHE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN B:10 P m s:oo mj Olen^EUeo. 6:lopm «:2»p M
BAILBOAD IKAViL. v X: : . VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. 7:80aml 8:00am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:36 am
~ '"~ fHLLtI HHILIIHI UUlTlrsni! l-lODml 5-Oopm 7:Bspm| l:»pm
iinmiT Tlllll nilP Cf>rMir> mil uriv • From Nov. 10, 1898, trains will run as follows: ■ - - ~ ■ — r- -— — — -
MOUNT TAM UrAIS SGtN G RAILWAY. ~ ' ' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weit
inuuin ' (Via SaUsallto Ferry ) IHIt " Mli South-bound. • North-bound. Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
I^av* Pan Francisco commencing Sunday ' — serville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
R^t ii 1898- commencing eunoay, Passen . Mix d .  Mixed. | Passen- the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Week Davs— 9-30 am 1-45 d m «er. Sunday . Sunday ger. Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Sundavs— Boo 10-00 li'-30a m 115 dm. Daily. Exo - ptd Stationa. Exc'ptd Dally. Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and .Bartlett
p n ?m^ tHn fmm Mill Valliv tl — Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Bprings. Saratoga
TOM rtffl? t SOK Awntt- Hi Ifartot B:2oam 10:30am Stockton 3:45pm 6:sopm Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
".rtr* H t?Ban Francisco ABenU< W1 Mark « t 10:10am 2:ospm Merced 12:40pm 4:o3pm Springe. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
street, Ban Francisco. u:4oamu :40am s:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm John Day ., Riverside. Lierley's. BuckneU's.
;—; — :—: — 13:38 pm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45am I:3spm Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Boonevllle, Orr*«
. • ■ 3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:3oam 11 :?" am Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
aTk nikl,^?^ r\:.~~~r,~ 12:58pm B:sopm| Vlsalia | 6:4o ami I:l3pm Westport. Usal. Willltts. Laytonvllle. Cum-
lII'. GIDDOn'S DiSpeilSarT, -c * . 7n r7 , . mlng-s. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
o «.__._ - _ „ ™ ** Stopping at intermediate points as required. Scotia and Eureka. '
O.ohIIAK.WNT. Established j Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
»in 1854 for the treatment of Private, | California Navigation and UDl>ruVeutcut ton.- reduced rates.
W Diseuses, Lost Manhood. Debility or pany, leaving San Francisco at 6p. m. dally. . On Sundays round trip ticket, to all points
m disease wearingonbodyand mindand excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m. beyond San Rafael at half rates.
|Skii\ Diseases. The doctor cures when dally • "
others/all. Try him. Charges low • For stage connection, see official time tabU Ticket Offices. 860 Market at.. Chronicle bid*.
H "«^U > 2.V r *?itS c CuJJorwrlte. or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 831 Mar- H- C. WHITINO. _R. X. RYAN.
2>r. J. 1". tiIBBON, Box 1937. San Franciaca k«t street. San Francisco. 1 General Manager. Gea. Pass. Agent.
1112
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BURNED TO
DEATH IN HER
CHILD'S HOME
Mrs. Hastings Was
Seized by a Fit.
WAS FOUND IN FLAMES
HER DAUGHTER WAS IN AN AD
JOINING ROOM.
While Partaking of Breakfast Alone
* the Aged Widow Fell Back
ward Into the
Fire.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
fins Broadway, Nov. 25.
An aged widow, whose years lacked
but ten of a century, fell into a fireplace
this morning at Lafayette and was burned
to death in the presence of her daughter.
Mrs. Louise Hastings, on whose charred
remains an inquest will bo held to-morrow
by Coroner Curry of Contra Costa, lived
with her daughter, Mrs. Warren Brown,
and it was nt the latter's home that the
accident took place.
Mrs. Hastings arose as usual this
morning about 7 o'clock, and according
to custom attended to several little du
ties about the house. She sat down to
breakfast alone in the dining room di
rectly in front of a big fire which she
had kindled in an open fireplace. Her
daughter was in another room, and being
very deaf did not hear her mother cry
for help, even if the aged lady did
scream. "When Mrs. Brown entered the
dining room she saw her mother envel
oped in flames partly on the grate. The
poor woman was actually being roasted
alive without being able to make an ef
fort to help herself.
Mrs. Brown pulled her mother off the
hearth and finally quenched the flames,
but it was too late to save her mother's
life. The old lady was dead probably
mure from shock than from the burns
she received. The Brown place is Just
north of the county line, and the family
had lived there for many years. The
victim was well knnwn in both Alameda ■
and Contra Costa counties.
Mrs. Hastings had been subject to fits |
for some lime and it is believed that she j
feil in the rire while suffering from one.
MRS. ADA HEWES BRINGS
SUIT FOR DIVORCE
DESERTION IS ALLEGED AS THE
CAUSE FOR COMPLAINT.
■■' . j
Aged Santa Clara Couple Who Believe
Marriage Not a Failure and
Get a License.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
MS Broadway, Nov. 25.
Mrs. Ada M. Hewes, through her attor
ney, A. A. Mooore. to-day filed suit in the
Superior Court for a divorce from Charles
Leslie Heweß. The plaintiff is a sister of
Henry P. Dalton, County Assessor, and
while* the suit at this time is no surprise,
it recalls to many the elaborate nuptials
celebrated in this city nearly five years
ngo, when Charles Hewes led Ada M. Dal
ton to the a! tar.
The couple, however, did not live hap
pily in each other's company, and about a
year later Hewes deserted his young
bride, and it was whispered that he would
commence divorce proceedings; but now
the wife sues on the ground of desertion.
Both parties are very popularly known in
local society circles. The defendant has
teen in the employ of the National Cash
Register Company.
Mrs. Sophie Kchoenfelder has also com
menced Hiiit for a divorce from John H.
Schoenf elder on the ground of desertion.
The defendant in this suit is a son of the
retire-! millionaire brewer, who resides at
Eighth and Market streets, this city.
The suit recalls a sensation exploited in
the papers over a year ago, at which time
Schoenfeldor left his wife and children as
a' result of hia infatuation for a woman
named Ktta McGee. They lived in San
Francisco at first, and then returned to
this city, where Mr. McGee secured a di
vorce.
Shortly afterward, when Schoenf elder !
left, he took his boj- with him, but the j
mother finally regained custody of the lad. I
The present suit has long been expected, ]
but it was supposed that infidelity would ;
be the ground alleged, but Attorney Hugh j
S. Al.irieh, on behalf of the plaintiff, as-!
that simply desertion has been;
charged.
Barbara Botts also commenced suit to- i
day for a divorce from James B. Botts on
the ground of desertion; as did also Alice j
L. Jeffress against Egbert F. Jeffress.
That there are still those who find hope |
of bliss in the matrimonial sea and still
hold that marriage is not a failure wit
ness: A couple from Santa Clara, both 70 |
years <>f age, secured a marriage license
at the County Clerk's office to-day. They
were Cornelius Johnson, a native of New
York, and Elizabeth Ann Gates, a native
of Ireland.
OAKLAND EXPOSITION.
Wedding Night Postponed— The Re
liance Club To-Night.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— The attendance at j
the Oakland Exposition was exceptionally \
large this afternoon, owing to the juvenile
event, Baby day. There were eighty en- |
tries and the prize-winners were all heavy- ;
wrights and beauties. At least 200 babies i
were among the audience, with their i
mothers.
Wedding night had been set for this f
.evening, but so many couples regard Fri- j
day as an unlucky day that this feature
was postponed until next Wednesday
night.
The Reliance Club will practically own
the Exposition to-morrow night, and for
that occasion a most interesting pro
gramme has been arranged.
Lady Yarde-Buller I>efendant.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— A summons was
served on Lady Yardo-Buller in this city
to-day in a suit brought in a San Frari
cisco Justice's court by Mrs. Helen R.
Northrup, wherein the latter seeks to re
cover $60, the value of certain household
furniture delivered to the lady in 1894. to
g-ther with $25 damages. Deputy Sheriff
Manning served the summons, "and the
lady politely referred him to a certain es
tate in England which she claims is re
sponsible tor the debt.
Constable Glaze Sued.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— Suit was filed this
afternoon by Alameda County against
Constable John W. Glaze and his bonds
men (H. H. Colby and A. Olander) for
the recovery of $355 30, together with 20
per cent damages for the use of same,
claimed as overcharges for mileage and
fees. The suit is one of several resulting
from Investigations by the recent Grand
Jury.
Supervisors' Bonds.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25. —The official bonds
of the newly elected Supervisors, W. H.
Church and John R. Talcott, were fixed
this morning at $1.i.000 each by the four
Superior Judges at a meeting held in
Judge Hall's courtroom. The amount is
the same as last year.
A Victim of the Wind.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— Joseph McKown,
a druggist at Livermore, while walking
from his store to his home yesterday dur
ing a high wind, was struck on the head
by a crossplece blown from a telegraph
pole, and sustained a fractured skull and
concussion of the brain. He is in a criti
cal condition. McKown is a young mar
ried mini and very well known in Ala
meda County.
Paul Formally Charged.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— Horatio Paul, who
shot Manuel Davie at Temesoal last Sun
day, supposedly over his refusal to give
him 25 cents with which to purchase a '-an
of beer was to-day charged with assault
with a deadly weapon with intent to com
mit murder.
RELICS OF A BOOM.
Mortgages Foreclosed to Realize Mon
eys Borrowed by George G.
Baker in Better Days.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— The vast real es
tate interests once held in this city by
George G. Baker, formerly State president
of the A. P. A., are rapidly being fore
closed upon by mortgagees.
During the big boom In Oakland from
ISS7 to 1593, Baker was in the height of
prosperity and ho borrowed thousands
with which to purchase vast tracts with
a view of realizing big profits during the
boom. But the boom collapsed and the
mortgages Baker had given to secure
notes approached the day of judgment.
About a year ago Baker suddenly left,
deserting his wife, and he is now sup
posed to be residing in Albany, N. V.,
but the notes continue to fall due and the
mortgages continue in foreclosure. Only
a few days ago J. H. T. Watkinson was
given a decree and judgment for $45,000
on property Baker had purchased in Pied
mont during the boom, with money bor
rowed from the Central Bank. Walter
T. Lewis holds a Judgment for $875, and
among more recent foreclosure suits are
five commenced by the German Savings
and Loan Society aggregating about $20,
000. There are others.
ADVISE OAKLAND TO
ACT INDEPENDENTLY
ALAMEDA AND BERKELEY OP
POSE CONSOLIDATION.
Merchants' Exchange Reports That
Contain Evidence of Wasted
Public Money.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 25.
After slumbering for a few months the
matter of a consolidated city and county
government for Oakland has been re
newed.
In a report of the consolidation commit
tee of the Merchants' Exchange just pre
pared the argument is made that on ac
count of the opposition to the plan of
consolidating the bay cities Oakland
should decide to incorporate alone as a
city and county, leaving Alameda and
Berkeley as they are. The report says:
There is no question of so much import
ance to the people of Oakland as the form-
Ing of a city anil county government into
one. It has hitherto been advocated to take
In Alameda, Berkeley. Frultvale and
Emeryville, but all those places named do
not seem to take kindly to a. union. Your
committee would, therefore, advocate that
Oakland cut loose and go it alone.
The result of us going- it alone will be
lower taxation in our newly formed city and
county, and, instead of people as now mov
ing out of the city Into adjoining distrl.-ts
to escape higher taxation, it will be the
reverse, for the taxes on the outside will be
higher than ours, and the people will lo
cate with us and Oakland will forge ahead.
The Kltdun Iron Works, the Fuller Company
and many others did not turn their backs
on Oakland on account of the price of land.
High taxes drove them away. Some people
blame the Board of Trade and Merchants'
Exchange, and ask us why we did not keep
those firms, it was not in out power, for
the simple reason that when any one goes
to the banks In Pan Francisco to borrow
money on their plants, they are told: "If
you locate on the San Francisco side of the
bay we can let you have money for 6ls per
cent; on the other side, whether Oakland,
Berkeley or Alameda, we charge SVi per
cent."
The only calamity which will befall Oak
land will be that a number of Its citizens,
who are always willing to serve the dear
public, will be thrown out of a Job. That
will be eleven CounHlmen, a Mayor, City
Attorney, City Engineer, Auditor, Treas
urer, Tax Collector, Assessor, Clerk and a
number of other minor officers. Those
above named, and their swarm of deputies,
suck the life blood out of the taxpayers of
C'akland and keep capital, factories, home
seekers and Investors in realty away from
our city.
Five Supervisors can run the government,
and the president of the board can act as
Mayor.
If we allow ourselves to be assessed as
now. and consolidate, do away with our
dual government, we will have :>0 cents on
everj- $100 assessable property, and inside of
five yearn we will have a majrnifirent free
library, with lots of books on Its shnlves.
and money to run It, with frve rf-ading
rooms the whole year around. We will have
parks, good street? and wll' add thousands
to our population, and Oa'rland will be
what nature Intended her tor- the Jewel of
the Pacific.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Nov. 25.— 1n the $50.0t*) dam
age suit brought by Martial Davoost
against of the.city of Alameda, the Sunset
Telephone and Telegraph Company and
the Pacific Postal Cable Company for Xho
glental electrocution of his wife in
irda last month, plaintiff to-day filed
missal po far as the Sunset Telephone
pany is concerned, it »having had no
wires suspended where the accident oc
curred.
Coroner Baldwin held an inquest on the
cases of Axel Norck and George A. Pat
ton at Livermore to-day, and the evidence
showed that death was due to an unavoid
able accident in the Tesla coal mine. The
miners had been engaged in sanding a fire
to extinguish it. when the flame suddenly
burst forth In a certain place and burned
the men fatally.
A Central California Debating League
was organized to-day in the parlors of the
Y. M. C. A. building in this city, delegates
from eleven of the principal debating so
cieties about the bay being represented.
It is proposed to hold semi-annual de
bating contests and tournaments.
Alpha bigma Convention.
BERKELEY. Nov. 2..- The High
School Sorority of Alpha Sigma will meet
here In annual session to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock. Delegations will be
present from the high school* of Sarrn
mento, San Francisco, Oakland and
' Berkeley. This evening a ball in honor of
j the delegates was given in Shattuck Hall.
i The affair was very well attended by peo-
f 1 lie from Oakland. Alameda and Bcrke
py. Miss May Morrison a' ted as floor
' manager. The patronesses were as fol
i lows: Mesdames S. \Y. "Wyckoff. P.
I Morse. James M. Huddnrt, J. M. Morri
i son, D. Jeweti and J. B. Henley.
Simrak Block Takes Fire.
BERKELEY. Nov. 25.— Shortly before 8
' o'clock this morning fire broke out in the
! Simrak block on Shattuck avenue, be
tween Dwight way and Blake street. The
fire companies soon extinguished the
I blaze. The damage was about (1500.
WEDDED AT SHELL MOUND
Mr. and Mrs. Adolph Neihaus (Nee Siebe), Who
Are Now One.
BERKELEY, Nov. 25.— Miss Freda Siebe and Adolph Neihaus were married
yesterday evening at the residence of the brides parents, near Shell Mound. Miss
Slebe is the daughter of Captain and Mrs. L. Siebe. The groom is the eldest son
of Mr. and Mrs. O. Neihaus of the firm of Neihaus Bros., West Berkeley. The
Siebe residence had been tastefully decorated for the occasion with palms, ferns
and chrysanthemums. The bride was attired In an elegant gown of white silk.
Mr. and Mrs. Neihaus left this morning for Los Angeles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 2(>, 1898.
IN A HURRY TO
SELL THE CITY
HALL SITE
An Ordinance to Be
Drawn at Once.
ENOUGH VOTES IN SIGHT
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE HAS
STRONGLY PROTESTED.
The Council on the Eve of Going Out
of Office Flans a Deal In
volving a Million
Dollars.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 25.
The City Hall Park Site Commit
tee of the Council met to-night and
discussed the project of selling the
Bite and building a new City Hall
elsewhere. The Council has the pow
er to sell the property and do as it pleases
with the money, and the City Attorney
says that there is no legal impediment in
the way.
Chairman Brosnahan explained that the
purpose of the meeting to which all the
Councilmen had been invited was to hear
opinions regarding the selling of the site.
He expressed himself as being favorable
to the city acquiring an adequate City
Hill, but was not prepared to say how it
should be done.
Mr. Cuvellier said he was opposed to
selling the site, as he believed the city
should keep the property. He caused
some surprise by stating that for some
reason or other this Council is not in fa
vor with the people. He made no excep
tions, but included everybody. He
thought it a bad time. Just on the eve of
going out of office, for a Council to un
dertake such a big job.
Mr. Heitmann suggested that the proper
method to pursue would be to draw up
an ordinance and let the matter be de
bated on the floor of the Council. He
thought It high time that the city did
something In regard to the City Hall,
which is at present a disgrace to Oak
land.
Councilman Hennebery said that he
believed the majority of the people are
in favor of selling the City Hall site and
building an adequate hall In some other
place. He said something must be done
as the people would not vote six bits
worth of bonds. He referred sarcasti
cally to people who did business in San
Francisco and slept in Oakland, and said
that they did not want improvements
here. As he spoke he looked at Mr. Cu
veliler, and the latter replied that the
people he met on the boats were more in
favor of improvements than any other
class.
Mr. Woodward eaid he had figured out
the amount of money that would be
raised from the sale of the site. Cutting
out the Washington street extension he
said that $613,000 was the very highest
price obtainable. He said he spoke aa a
real estate expert. ■_
Mr. Cuvellier suggested that there is no
hurry, and said that it could well be sub
mitted to the people at the election next
March. The City Attorney was request
ed to draw up an ordinance providing for
the selling of the site and stating how
the money shall be disposed of.
This will be ready for the next regular
meeting of the Council and it will un
doubtedly be passed to print. During the
meeting nothing was said about the syn
dicate that it is said is ready to buy the
property. City Attorney Dow informed
the members that the land must be dis
posed of at public auction.
The Merchants' Exchange does not fa
vor the selling of the City Hall Park site.
If the report of one of its committees is
true, the project is one that should be
carefully considered by every taxpayer,
for it means the giving of a syndicate an
opportunity to make $400,000 at the ex
pense of the city. Director J. H. W.
Si 'list, chairman of the committee, has ar
rived at the following conclusion:
Your committee would also draw your atten
tion to the fact that the City Hall lot which
the City officials are ready to sell for $(500,000
is worth over 11,000,000. With Washington
street cut through, the frontage on that street
alone will be worth $750,000. If a syndicate
should buy it for $800,000 they could then ask
the city or the people on Washington street to
pay them 1100,000 to open the street. Business
will be strictly business then, for the prospec
tive value of that property is $1250 per front
foot eighty feet on Fourteenth street and
eighty feet on Fifteenth street. One hundred
and sixty feet running: at the above rate will
make $200,000. Half of that will therefore be
a very reasonable allowance. Are the people
on Washington street ready to put up that
Your committee hopes that the people of Oak
land will not allow the City Council to sell a
$20 ROld piece for $10.
The West Oakland Improvement Club has
expressed Itself on the subject. It will be a
shame if history should repeat Itself and Oak
land should be served the same way as San
Francisco v.-as disgraced to all future genera
tions by their authorities In disposing of the
front portion of their City Hall lot.
If you want to make a San Franciscan blush
ask him why he allowed that shameful act to
be perpetrated. So will the people of Oak
land blush in future years if the City Council
carries out Its Intention.
COMMUNICATION MAT CEASE.
Alameda Wants Oakland to Whack
Up in Building a Tem
porary Road.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 25.— The Alameda au
thorities are doing considerable figuring
as to what Oakland will contribute toward
building the approaches to Alice-street
bridge, which will •bo used temporarily
while the new Webster-street bridge is
In course of construction. The work will
cost in the neighborhood of $1000. As the
roadway is used almost exclusively by
teamsters from Oakland, the Alamedans
thought it would be nothing more than
fair if the city across the estuary would
contribute at least v>ne-half of the ex
pense. J. P. Taylor and George Arper, of
the Oakland Merchants' Exchange, offered
to-day on behalf of that organization to
put up $300. The Alamedans stood out for
$500 and gave the Oaklandcrs until next
Monday to raise that amount. The local
authorities do not feel like proceeding
with the work unless that amount is
forthcoming, and there is a possibility
that direct communication between the
two cities may bo temporarily shut off un
less the Oaklanders loosen their purse-
Etrings.
JUDGMENT AGAINST HARD.
Default Entered Against the Alameda
Justice Whose Court Was
Attached.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 25.— A default has
been entered in the suit of G. A. Swasey
against D. T. Hard, Justice of the Peace
of Alameda Township, and George Bab
cock, Court Commissioner of the Superior
Court. This is the suit under which a
Constable's lock was placed on Justice
Hard's court and the furniture attached
and carted away. The Judge has com
menced proceedings against the Consta
ble for $5000 damages for locking him out
of his courtroom. The action is now
pending in the Superior Court. The of
ficer who levied the attachment on the
courtroom paraphernalia will sell the
goods at public auction in a few
(lays. His defense in the damage
suit will be that Hard was not in
the possession of his courtroom at the
time it was attached, for the reason tnat
his landlord had refused to wait for de
linquent rent. The landlord says the
keys of the court were dei.vereu to him
several days before the attachment was
levied. Hard has not been a conspicuous
figure on the streets since election.
Forsakes Politics for Pleasure.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 25.— The Bay-street
Independent Club, which proved to be the
political enigma of the late campaign in
this city, has forsaken politics to par
ticipate in social functions. The club an
nounced that it would continue its or
ganization after the election, and it was
understood that the Intention was to take
an active part in the municipal campaign
next spring. For the present the club
retires from the task of shaping the pol
icy of the Government and has resolved
Itself into a social organization. It is
to give a series of balls and parties, and
it is stated that the proceeds will go to
make up a fund to advance the interests
of the club's candidates at the approach
ing municipal election.
BENJAMIN F. FLETTER
MEETS SUDDEN DEATH
PROMINENT CITIZEN SUCCUMBS >
TO STROKE OF APOPLEXY.
After Commenting With His Friends
on His Perfect Health De
ceased Dropped Dead.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 25.— Benjamin F.
Fletter, one of the best known citizens of
this city, dropped dead this morning at
the home of his son, City Trustee Fletter,
2225 Central avenue. Although a man past
70 years of age, Mr. Fletter had enjoyed
the' best of health up to the moment of his
sudden death. As was his custom, he left
the home of his son about 8:30 o'clock this '■
morning and walked along Park street,
greeting his friends. To some young men
with whom he was acquainted he joked |
on the proposition that he at his advanced
age was enjoying better health than they.
He returned to his home at 9 o'clock and
partook of breakfast. After the meal he
went into the basement of his son's house '
to examine the heaters. Five minutes i
later he was found by his daughter-in-law j
lying prostrate at the head of the base
ment stairway. Physicians were »ur- j
moned immediately, but when they ar- j
rived Mr. Fletter was dead. The autopsy I
showed that death was due to apoplexy.
Deceased was born at Mansfield, Ohio. !
He came to California fifteen years ago, I
and has resided in Alameda since IS»S. He
was a Mason of high standing, and his
funeral will be under the auspices of that
order. "His motto wa*, 'Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof,' " said City j
Trustee Fletter to-day. "He had never i
been 111 a day in his life." Deceased was j
a widower. He leaves three children, F. !
J. Fletter of this city, Mrs. Ida Saunders
of Sacramento, and Mrs. Celia Hovey of
Kansas City.
Narrowly Escaped Drowning.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 25.— Harry Perkins
and Will Shreve were nearly drowned yes
terday while hunting in a small canoe
in the bay off the foot of Fourth street, i
The bay was very rough and the canoe \
capsized. Both men managed to swim to j
the upturned boat, but on account of. the \
heavy swell it was with the greatest
difficulty and exertion that they managed
to cling to the craft. The north wind
was carrying them rapidly away from I
shore when their predicament was dis- i
covered by George Masters. He went to |
their assistance In a boat and arrived just j
in" time. Both Perkins and Shreve were |
exhausted. One of them had let go his j
hold nn the boat and was sinking beneath |
the waves nhcn Masters grabbed him.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 25.— Charles Weller,
librarian of the Alameda Free Library,
has gone to Sacramento to attend the
session of the State Library- Association. :
He will read a paper on "tree Access to !
Shelves," a system which was Introduced
here by Librarian Harbourne.
A large number of Alamedans will at
tend the launching of the Wisconsin.
The Adehihlan Club has received a spe
cial invitation from Irving M. Scott to be
present and will attend In a body.
The Alameda Buildinar and Loan Asso
ciation, one of the oldest institutions of
the kind in the State, is to be entirely
reorganized. A meeting for that purpose
has been called for the latter part of
December.
The preliminary examination of Louis
SenimhofT. charged with burglary, has
been set for next Tuesday.
Frederick Daniels of Alameda was mar- !
rled in mis city yesterday to Miss Grace, j
Prescott of 1221 College avenue.
The, bowling tournament of the Encinal
Yacht Club was resumed this evening at
the clubhouse.
The Alameda High School football team
will give a matinee farce to-morrow aft
ernoon at Armory I 1011. After the enter
tainment there will be a football rally,
and in the evening the eleven will be ten
dered a banquet by the captain, Ralph
McCormick.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Georpe F. Lgroa to Emma Watts (wife of
William), lot on S line of J street, 67:6 E of
Ninth avenue. E 25 l>y S 100; $10.
Homer T. and Abble G. F. Blckel to Michael
McCann. lots ii 3 and .14, Gift Map 4; $10.
Henry Sehwerin to I>llly Bchwerin, lot on SE
corner of Carter airl AYnlhrldKe streets, S 56>)
by E 220; also affects first parts portion of
Rancho Canada de Caudaloupe, etc., for
streets, etc.; also lot on S line of AA'albridgo
ptreet, 220 E of Carter, S 'W>, W 220, S 66, E
256, N fi2fi, W K6: gift and $1.
Lewis A. Tnylnr (by R. I. Whelan, sherlffl
to Isaac T. Mlillken. lot on SE line of Mis
sion street, 25 NE of Persia. NE 25 by SE 53:6.
lot 4, block 3, Excelsior Homestead Associa
tion; fISS.
Isaac T. Millikpn to Allain Lonaru, same; $10.
Estate of Kriederlke <soetz (by Henrietta
Goetz, administratrix) tn M. l,!nken, lot on E
line of Jes«)e street, 13". N of Eighteenth, N 2.^
by X SO; JITOO.
AYilllnm A. and Ella J. Patterson to Fried
erich Krurieiibersr. lot on N'W corner of Twenty
second and Noe streets, W 30 by N 101:6; JIOOO.
Ferd rteifi and Samuel Pavlß to Andrew B
and Minnie E. Smith, lot on SW corner of
Twenty-fourth and Folsom streets, S 100 by W
35; $10.
Mopes Scott to Abel Guy, lot on AY line of
Pike street (Waverly plnce), 29^. vnras S of
Clay, S 12' i varaa by AY* 25 varas (quitclaim
deed); $25.
Augustus J. P.owie to same, same (quitclaim
deed); $1.
Hannah T. Weltner, Clara M. Sheridan (wife,
of M. P. Sheridan) and Michael T. Hanlon to
Jean Jl. and Justine Kernailou, lot on NW lino
of Welsh street. 80 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by
NW 75; $10.
Barbara, Crowley to John W., Cornelius J..
Catherine M., Daniel J., Joseph P. and Agnes
Crow-ley. Mary E. Peal. Sarah J. Tobin and
Annie Hayes, lot on SW line of Third street.
250 SE of Folsnm; SE 25 by SW SO; also lot on
8 corner of Gilbert and JSryant streets. SE M
by sw r,5: $172:..
Isador Rosencrantz (by tax collector) to P..
Kelsey lot on SW line of Fifth street. 25 SE
of Stevenson. SF. 25 by SW 75; $3.
B. Kelsey to John F. Boyd. same; fi^.
Richard P. Hammond to Patrick and Mary
E. Dempsoy, lot on S line of Twenty-fourth
(Sonoma) street, 50 E of Rhode Island, E 25
by S 100: Jl«.
Bank of British Columbia to Jane Stltt. lot
on AY line of Twenty-fourth avenue, 215:4 N of
B street, N 100 by W 120; $10.
The McCarthy Company <a corporation) to
Edgar P. Peixotto. lots 24 and 20. block 21,
Lakevlew: $10.
John I. Halliday or Hollldayto GeorKe Oolder.
estate of Margaret Holliday or Halliday No
IS7OO. <iced and assignment; $600.
William A. Holliday or Halliday to same,
same, deed and ossißnment: $SOO.
Alameda County.
Jamen Long and James McAllister (executors
of the estate of Nicholas Poran) to A. H. Dun
combe, all interest In lot on N line of Moss
avenue, 44.03 AY of Chetwood street, W 44.01
N 144.24, E 44, S 143.55 to beginning, being lot
5, block B, Stanford Tract, Oakland; $475.
Jonathan Mttchener to Alice M. Wilkinson,
leasehold Interest in lot on SE corner of Four
teenth street and Eleventh avenue, 50 by 69:10,
East Oakland, quitclaim deed; $1.
Robert Calllrigham to A. A. Frlck, lot on N
line of Addison street, 100 E of Sacramento,
E 50 by N 138, being a portion of Hardy Tract,
Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $20.
Michael and Ann Curtis to Frances M. and J.
Hasarty, Julia M. C. Flood and Susan M. R.
Healy, lot on S line of Bay street, 200 (175) W
of <urtls street, W 25 (50) by S 135:8. block 4,
Curtis Tract, Berkeley; $10.
J. B. White to Kate W. South worth (wife of
B. <\), lot on E line of Myrtie street, 218 N of
West Eighth, N 65 by E 125, Oakland; gift.
Clara I. Ivory to Frank G. Rose, lot on W
line of Louise street, 225 S of B street, S 25 by
W 133, being subdivision C in lot 9, block 792,
Watt's map 2, Oakland; $10.
Carrie F. Snyder (trustee for Herbert A.
Pratt) to W. J. Baker, lot on S line of Weston
avenue, 62:6 W of Gold street, W 37:6 by S
100, being a portion of Oakland Railroad Home
stead, Oakland Annex; grant.
Frank L. and Mary W. Adams to Sophia B.
Adams (wife of J. S.), lot on W line of Clay
street, 100 N of Sixteenth. N 50 by W 100. Oak
land; $10.
I.ula and W. G. Pitts to T. B. Draper, lot on
NE corner of Fourth and Van Dyke avenues,
E 98.62, N 88.45, W 83.32. S 141.20 to beginning,
being a portion of Ridgewood. East Oakland;
$20(30.
John Hunter to Jannet Hunter, lot on E line
of Ppauldlng avenue, 374.84 N of Dwight way,
N 12*5 by E 258.50, being lots 23 to 26, block 4,
Spaulding Tract, Berkeley; gift.
Annie L. Miller to Charles M. Miller, lot on
N line of Santa Clara avenue, 150 E of Ninth
street, E 1W). W 50. N 10, E 50, N 90. E 117, S
100, W 117 to beginning, Alameda; $10.
. Charlos M. Miller to Annie L. Miller, ease
ment only on following: Beginning at a point
100 E from East Ninth street and 138 N from
« line of Santa Clara avenue, N 25 by E
5; $10.
Annie E. and T. B. Draper to Christine Park,
lots 43 and 44, block 18, resub.livislon Townslte
of Fltchburg, Brooklyn Township; $200.
Same to Lula Pitts (wife of William Q.). lot
on N line of Jones avenue, 100 E of Chestnut
street, E 50 by N 141. being lot 3, block 14.
Warner Tract. Brooklyn Township: $1500.
B. F. Knhlberg to A. F. Maher, lot on t,
line of Seminary avenue, 75 S of Virginia
street, S 75 by E 110. being lots 57, 68 and 59,
Bromley Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry and Mary Hampel to Andrew Hampel.
lot on S line of East Twelfth street, 75 W of
Sixteenth avenue, W 75 by S 150, block 1, San
Antonio. East Oakland; gift.
Henry Hampel to Mary Hampel, lots 22, 23
and 24. block 13, San Antonio; East Oakland;
gift
William E. and Rose A. Hadley to John H.
W Nissen, lot on S line of Weston avenue, 2a
W of Ruby street, W 73 by S 104, being loto
33. 34 and 35. Oakland Railroad Homestead,
quitclaim deed. Oakland Annex; $20.
Charles G. and Annie M. Simonds to D.
Beiker, lot on S corner of Second and Hud
eon streets, SW 200 by BE 100, being lots 1. 2,
5 and 6. Lull subdivision of Vernon Park Tract,
Oakland Annex; $10.
John P. Beckett to George J. D. and Cather
ine E. Kyte. lot on 8 line of Thirty-seventh
street. 404.95 E of Market. E 50 by S 150, being
the W 40 feet of lot 11. and E 10 feet of lot 12.
Map of Beckett's Second Addition to Oakland.
Oakland Annex; $10.
Henry C. and Aileen J. Finkler to same, all
Interest in same, Brooklyn Township; $1500.
Robert J. Jebb to John Haslett. lot on S line
of Ward street, 125 E of Shattuck avenue, E
41.49 by S 134:6. being lot 15. block D, Blake
Tract. Berkeley: $100.
Mary D. Mathewß to The Realty Syndicate,
lot on SW corner of Butterworth and Calais
Btreets. W 100 by S 135, being lots 20 to 23, block
SI. resubdivlsion of Smith's subdivision of
Mathews Tract, Berkeley, -quitclaim deed; $1.
Sarah E Gouldin to R. Corpe. lots 19 and 20,
blo<-k is. North Alameda Tract. Brooklyn
Township: $10.
Jultus A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to U. G. |
Gri.fith lot on P line of Encinal avenue, 400 E i
of Post street. E 50 by S 85:8. being lot 30,
Hirschfeld Tract. Alameda: $10.
W. G. and Margaret M. Griffith to Felix
Block, same, Alameda; $10.
Alameda Land Company to Catherine McCar
thy, lot on NE corner of Clinton avenue and !
<"h<--tnut street E 100 by N 50, lands adjacent
to Encinal; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
E Kaspow <owner> with D. Ourrie (contrac
tor), architect E. J. Vogel. All work except
plumbing, painting, mantels, chandeliers and
sha-les. for alterations and additions to a three
sttv frame building commencing 87:6 feet from
SE corner of Larkln and Post streets, thence
along Post 25, P 137:6. W 2.i. N 137:6; $2550.
Jeremiah F. Fleming (owner) with Ira "W. Co- |
burn (contractor), architect William Koenlg.
All work for a two-story frame (flats), com
mencing 50:6 S 'mm PW corner of Noe and
Henry streets, thence W 96. S 25:6, E 96, N 25:6;
$3COO.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The feeling In mining stocks was firm and
some did rather better.
The Seg. Belcher assessment falls delinquent
in board to-day.
The tone of th« local securities was rather
weaker and several of the favorites showed
lower prices, as will be seen by the list of
sales.
The Pacific Lighting: Company has declared
a reerular monthly dividend of 40 cents per
share, payable December 5.
The annual meeting of the Mutual Electrlo
! Light Company has been called for December
5.
The Pacific Mall Steamship Company has In-
I creased its dividend from 1 per cent to I"* per
j cent, payable December 1.
The Gold Coin Mining Company of "Victor,
Colo., paid a dividend of 1 cent per share,
amounting to $10,000, yesterday.
The Modoc Gold Mining Company of Colorado
i has decared a dividend of 1 cent per share,
I amounting to $10,000, payable December 24.
At the annual meeting of the Giant Powder
Company on the 23d the old board was* re
■ elected. Including Thomas Pheby and Charles
! C. Beniis. who were chosen to fill vacancies
; a short time ago. It now consists of the follow
ing: L. F. Monteagle, president; E. B. Pond,
vice president: L. P. Drexler, R. D. Chandler.
Charles C. Remis, Thomas Pheby and Edwin
Goodall.
The Welsbach Commercial Company has de-
I clared a quarterly dividend of $1 per share,
I payable December 10. This is a reduction of
' one-half or from 8 to 4 per cent per annum
on the former rate of dividends. The com
pany owes no money other than current ac
count and has net cash assets of over $500,000.
Reduction' ln prices has cut down profits, hence
the decrease In the dividends.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 23—10:80 a. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
U. S. Bonds— (S FG & E.... 85 —
4s quar coup.. — 113H San Fran 2% 3*4
4s quar res-, infill 7*7 * Stockton Gas.. — 15
4s quar new...127%127% Insurance
3s quar coup.. 105% 106 Firem's Fund. —
Miscellaneous — Water Stocks —
Cal-st Cab .115 117 Contra Costa.. 50 54«
Cal El 6s 125 — Marin C 0...... 50 —
C C Wat 05 . . . . 100% — I Spring Valley.loo 101 Vi
! Dup-st ex c... — 9SV4 Bank Stocks—
B L & P 65.. 130 — Anglo-Cal 63& 64
F&CI Ry 63.114 — Bank of Ca1... 250 252^
Geary-st It ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 98 100
II C& B 5%5.. — 103 First Natlonl.2lo 215
L A L Co Ha. — 100 ILon P & A 132&135
Do gntd 65. .100 102Vi'M<»r Exchange — 18
Market-st 65... 123 — Nev Nat 8....175 178
Do Ist M 05.115 116 Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 75.108 — Ger S & L.. 1625 1635
N Ry Cal 65.. 113%— Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 105 — J Mutual Say. — 45
NPC R R 65. 103 — S F Say U.. 495 —
NPC R R 5s.l00«il01 f? A L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R 6s. — — ! Security 8 B 300 350
Oak Gas 5s 103 — I Union T C 0.1060 —
Cm Ry fis 126%12S j Street Railroads—
P& Cl Rv 65.106& — California ....109 —
i P & O 6s 112 — i Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 Market-st 56 66V6
Sac El Ry 55.100 — Presidio 9 10
8F& N P ss.lUHillO% Powder—
SierraßCnl 6p.104H105Hi California ....135 145
S Pof Ar to. .109% — E Dynamite... So 95
! S I* Cal ...Ill B *— Giant Con Co. 57 —
BPC Is eg ss.. mi — Vlgorit 294 3
SPBr 6s 116*4 — Miscellaneous—
S V Water 65. 119 119% Al Pac Assn. .103^104
S V Water 45. 102% — Her I.<l Wks..lfiO •. — •
S V W45(3dm).101% — liana P C 0.... IT 1 -, 17%
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 - H C& S Co.. 61% 51%
Gas'& Electric— Hutch S P Co. 65 66
Cent GasllKht.los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... 9'a HV. Oceanic S Co.. 61% 62
Mutual El Co. 14% 15 Pac A F A... 1% 2%
Oakland Gas.. 52 53 Vac C Bor C 0.106/. 106/ —
Pac Gac Imp.. 8." — I Par Paint Co. 7% —
I Pao L Co 47% 48<il
Mornlns Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association ....103 50
10 Giant Powder C0n..... 57 75
10 Giant Powder Con, cash 57 00
30 Giant Powder Con 57 00
20 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 52 00
20 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 6175
50 Hawaiian. Com & Sugar, cash 5150
50 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 51 50
50 H ana Plantation Co 17 50
IS Hutchlnson S P Co M 25
25 Hutchlnson R P Co 65 00
I '.0 Market-street Rai1way........'....:... 56 00
i 285 Mutual Electric Light ....14 50
25 Mutual Electric Light, b 3 14 50
11 Pacific Gas Imp 85 00
5 Pacific Lighting...... 47 75
100 S V Water 10100
$2000 S P of A bonds 109 62*4
$4000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 00
Street— - . :- ■■■.-.■.
60 L P & A Bank 133 00
Afternoon Session. -
Board—
100 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 5150
10 Mutual Electric Light .14 75
40 Mutual Electric Light.. "15 00
Street — .
$4000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds.. 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Mutual Electric. 14 00
Afternoon Session.
40 Market-street 66 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were " the sales .In the San Fran-
Cisco Stock Board yesterday: | . ;
' • '" Morning Session. • - .• ■ "
300 Alpha C0n...... 06 400 Hale & Norcrs..l 45
! 300 Best A Belcher. 36 100 Ophlr ........... '68
1 100 Caledonia 24 100 Sierra' Nevada.. 1 05
! 200 Con Cal & Va.l 201100 Union : Con ...;: 27
I 100 Gould & ' Curry. 16 [ 100 Union Con : . .; . " 28
100 Belcher 25 i 300 Chollar .•••»••• J
200 Belcher 26|400C0n Cal & va..l 30
2<in Belcher 27|4<»0 Hale ft Norcrs.l 40
700 Best & Belcher. 3Si 200 Mexican ■••••■••. 2
500 Bullion 06 400 Sierra Nevada.. 1 20
100 Challenge IS 300 Union Con ■so
300 Chollar 26
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stoclr
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 221200 Justice W
200 Best & Belcher. 36 200 Justlco 2
500 Best & Belcher. 38 500 Ophlr 70
300 Con Cal & V.i.l 22H 3AO Overman 05
400 Con Cal & Va..l 25 150 Sierra Nevada. .los
200 Con Cal & Va.l 27H1500 Sierra Nevada. 1 12' l
200 Con Cal & Va..l 30- 300 Utah IS
500 Crown Point.... 20 500 Utah 16
300 Gould & Curry. 17,300 Yellow Jacket.. 19
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 25300 Potosl 1"
400 Challenge Con.. 18i3OO Potosi 17
300 Chollar 27 500 Potosi 15
950 Con Cal & Va.l 32' ■» 400 Savage 21
1400 Con Cal & Va..l SO 600 Union Con 30
200 Con Cal & Va.l 2~hi 200 Union Con 29
300 Crown Point ... 21 500 Utah 15
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner ol Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; «spen until 3:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
MW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Consistory No. ,_^_,
1- — Officers and members are re- Mllr l
quested to meet at the Tern- El 1 fit
pie on SUNDAY. Nov. 27. at Sign lc_|j I
9 o'clock a. m., to attend the |HP"H"H|I
funeral of our late brother •" 1 iffli 19
COLUMBUS WATERHOUSE. ' J $iL
GEO. J. HOBE, Registrar. H_a_U
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and i~
■^Y*^'— £ a - lled meetin S THIS iSATUR-^i^
L>.K\) EVENING, November 26 at jtjf
1 o'clock. D. 3 /V^
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— *~
Officers and members are hereby notl- _«%_
fled to attend the funeral of our de- Yif
ceased brother. COLUMBUS WATER- /V>
HOUSE, from the hall of the lodge, TO-
MORROW (SUNDAY), at 1:30 o'clock. By
order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
M.— Officers and members are re-__f*_
quested to attend the funeral of our If jjt
late brother, JAMES M. LEITHEAD, /V<
on SUNDAY AFTERNOON, November 27.
IS9S. The lodge will be called on in St.
John Hall. Masonic Temple, corner Post
and Montgomery sts., at 2 p. m. By order
of the W. M. GEO. W. ROOT, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166 F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting SUNDAY. Novem- ._»%_
her 2., at 12:30 o'clock p. m., for the ICJP
purpose of conducting the funeral of/^F «
our deceased brother, JONATHAN LLOYD
WHITE. Sojourning brethren and friends are
respectfully invited. By order of the Mas-
ter. THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. •""
M.— Of fleers and members are re- _*%
quested to attend the funeral of our'ffif
deceased brother, W. M. JULIUS /Vi
REIMER, from Masonic Temple on SUN-
DAY, the 27th lnst., at 10:30 a. m. By order
of the S. W. H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O. "1^.,i. .
F.— Funeral detail assemble TO- .^»*JBSfe.
MORROW (SUNDAY) in our^SSjKjsT
lodgeroom, at 9:45 a. m., to at- "^w/Wv? s*"5 *"
tend the funeral of our late brother M. LIP-
MAN. SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, •os**uC/fc-
I. O. O. F.— THIS EVEXIXG.^^^^
Third degree will be conferred. tSSJhDQ??
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M. "*Wlf'
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulio
process from the Wintz Mining and Improve-
ment Company, in its mine near Pleasant
Valley, El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a flat below the mine; from Joel Bean in
the Cleveland mine No. 2, near Scales, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Rock Creek;
from J. B. Jones, in the Haskell Valley mine,
near Buck's Ranch. Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings on a fiat below the mine; from
Thomas Gomez, in the Snowy Side mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumaa County, to de-
posit tailings in Willow Creek; from N. H.
Frlis, in the New York mine, near Buck's
Ranch. Plumas County, to deposit tailings in
Willow Creek; from J. C. Homer. in the
Chaplain mine, near Buck's Ranch, Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in "Willow Creek;
from Llewellyn A. Hoeflich, in the Rocky
Bar mine, near Nelson Point, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in work^d-out pits, and
from C. W. Ayers. In the Oriole gravel mine,
near Jamestown, Tuolumne County, to deposit
tailings on a flat below the mine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59.
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on De-
cember 12. 1898, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Mutual Elec-
tric Light Company will be held at the office
of the company, 617 Howard st.., San Fran-
cisco, California, on MONDAY, the 6th day
of December, 1898, at the hour of 10:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing' year, and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
JAMES FISHER. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
J DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cen. per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship <"Y>mpanv will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
st. on and after Thursday, December 1. 1898.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Novem-
ber 25. 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections madeT
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 0-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d at.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
NEAT German woman, good cook and house-
worker, $15 to $20; city and country. MRS
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NEAT Swedish house girl; 3 years last place;
city or country; $20 to $25. MRS. NORTON
313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS English cook desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, also Al second girl, deeire sit-
uations; best of references. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
THOROUGH, active young woman, well rec-
ommended, wishes work by the day; house-
cleaning, washing or ironing. Apply by let-
ter to M. A.. 114 Hayes st.
DRESSMAKER would like few more engage-
ments by day; good fitter; reasonable. 10
Hopeton Terrace, off Washington, bet. Stock-
ton and Powell.
YOUNG woman with a child 3 years old would
like housework in a family; city or country
Call at 147 Ninth st.
BY middle-aged woman, as housekeeper, cook-
Ing or care of children, or with an aged
couple; reference. Call or address 475 Eddy.
RESPECTABLE woman wants work by the
day; Is first-class laundress and would do
housework. Box 387, Call office.
WOMAN wants to do housework In American
family; kind to children. Apply at 476 Te-
hama St., near Sixth.
SITUATION wanted by . young woman to do
second work In family or hotel; city or coun-
try. Box 1578,.Ca11.
YOUNG girl wishes situation in private fam-
ily to assist In light housework: good homo
pieferred. 785 O'Farrell st., near Larkin.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation as house-
keeper. Box ISS2, Call. '-. _.■■■...
RESPECTABLE lady wishes a position as
housekeeper, chambermaid or saleslady. Ad-
dress box 384, Call office. Oakland.
GERMAN widow wishes a situation as house-
keeper In a small family. Please call at
1026V4 Washington st. - .
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
general housework: good cook. Call or send
to 246 Sixth st.. room 13. second floor.
PRACTICAL stenographer wants position : will
substitute; mimeographing. Address sien-
ographer." '■ 808 Leavenworth ■ st. ,
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements.
220 Ninth st. '
PACIFIC Employment Office-Reliable help
all kinds furnished. 777 M»rket: tel. Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
e W& H__g_jgg-«''gr'
• '. IT~ aAArfss inexperienced
YOUNG man of go-d "££7. desires a po-
S&S ?nF&*^
MAN »d to c£P«.«~ rt . c^ nt 3£a$ > $:
SHWM2BMSfc« or business place.
TWITCHIN.- IK Third st. .
cooiE^r^^vS^, 1 ! hotel, : board-
COOK and * ire vi^n wlu work ch
v linear Temperate.' Cook. 802 Montgomery, r. 21.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
I SITUATION wanted by young man to work
I around factory or wholesale house; handy
; with tools; also good hostler and driver. Box
i 1881. Call office.
' SITUATION wanted by good hostler and driver
in private place or stable; city or country;
also handy with tools. Box 1577, Call office.
POSITION of iny kind wanted by steady young
man. Address P. S. R., 13S Winchester House, -
Third st.
NEAT, educated Japanese wishes situation as
oorte'r in store, hotel or saloon: has first-
class references. Address box 1535, Call.
MAN and wife wish to take charge of place
* in country: small farm, orchard. 89 Scott pi.
PHOTOGRAPHER— Position wanted b\ young
man ; 8 years' experience. Box 18S3. Call.
SITUATION, middle-aged man take care
horses milk cow. and good gardener; handy
with carpenter tools; at low wages; best
references. Box 1645, Call office.
EXPERIENCED fireman wishes situation; beat
reference. Box 1647. Call office. ■
WANTED— A Job milking or driving a deli»-=
ery wagon. J. P.. box 1665. Call.
PLUMBER, first-class, will '. ork by the i d*=
or month for property-owner or estate; has an
necessary shop tools. Box ISSS, Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation ; single; under-
stands gardening: thorough horseman best
references; rot afraid of work. Box_lSB9. Call.
BAKER wants work in institution; good ref-
erences. Box 1660, Call office.
BY middle-aged man. German, generally use-
ful, to take care of horses, cow and garden
in private family: references. O. M.. 674 East
Sixteenth St.. East Oakland.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands _ car*
of horses, cows, garden; reference, state th*
wages. J. A : _MACDONALP. 214 Third gt.
WINCHESTER^oase. 44 Third st near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $150 night; $ L SO i to > $6
week; convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry-
HELP WANTED— FEMALE. \
COOK, institution. $30. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter et. ..
BUTLER and wife, $75 per month: woman
must be good cook. MISS CULLEN. 320 Sut-
ter at. ;
SECOND girl. Oakland. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. ;
WORKING housekeeper, $40. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St. __
WOMAN and child. $16. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter _t. ,
GERMAN second girl. $20. MISS CULLEN,
3.5 Sutter Bt. ,
THREE waitresses, $15 and $20 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .
HOUSEWORK girl. Alameda. $25; 3 waitresses,
$20 each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter "t.
YOUNG lady for halrdresslng parlors, country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 3utter st, |
6 WAITRESSES, country, $20 and $22 50; 21
6 waitresses, city. $15 and $20: 3 restaurant
waitresses, $5; 2 lunch waitresses, same,
place. $3 50, call early; chamber-
maid to wait, $20: cook for institu-
tion $30; cook for delicacy store, $30>. German
woman preferred, can sleep home; cook, small
delicacy store. $20; dishwasher, small restau-
rant country, $15: cook and second girl, ?20
and 'sls. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
SCANDINAVIAN house girl, $25. choice place;
German or Swedish house girl for small fam-
ily, country. $30. .fare paid; cook, Alameda.
$25; French second girl, $20; young house girl
for Martinez, $15, see party here, and a great
many girls for city and country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl, $20; 3 Protestant girls for cook-
ing and housework, $25: colored girl for
housework, $20; Institution cook, $30, and a
large number of girls for housework in city,
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, nice country hotel. $20: 2 chamber-
maids, $15; restaurant waitress, $25, and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter et.
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and $25;
Institution cook. $30; house girl, Oakland.
$20- Merced, $25; ranch cook. $25; boarding
house cook $25; second girl, $20; a number of
house girls. $25 and $20; young girls to assist.
$10 to $15: German woman with a child, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A BRIGHT woman to represent me In Hono-
lulu; small capital required; will give valu-
able assistance to party fitted for position.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON. 40 Geary st.
WANTED— At once. 10 ladles for the Monte
Carlo Theater. Call on ARCHIE LEVY. 6
Eddy st., room 116.
WANTED— Good German girl for general
housework; wages $15 per month. 36-38 East
St.. third floor. .  ■ ._
MAKERS," throughout." on • Eurekas; steady
work. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market at.
COATMAKERS to work Inside. 223 Sutter St..
upstairs. -
WANTED— German girl for light house-
work; wages $15. 36 East st. .
WOMAN to cook In restaurant; good wages to
right party. 136 Second st.
WANTED— 3 extra waitresses. Apply at 604
Seventh St., near Brannan.
LADY piano player. 722 Howard at.; call be-
tween II and 3.
FIRST-CLASS hair dressers: also apprentices
for hair work. G. LEDERER'S. 123 Stockton.
TAILORESS as fine pants finisher; custom
work. 5Va Kearny St.. top floor, room 18.
OPERATORS on electric power sewing ma-
chines on shirts at GREENEBAUM, WEIL
& MICHEL'S. 631 Mission st.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady emply: embroidery taught. 646 Sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position!
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell' a. 103 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good position*;
patterns, 10c up. 118 McAllister at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
HELP WANTED—
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want To-Day
26 woodchoppers, $150 and $1 cord
84 tie makers, Sc, 9c and 12c each
Tools supplied on above Jobs
3 stablemen, country.. s2o and $23 and found
3 slate splitters $250 day
Married 2 farmers and wives
2 boys to do chords on ranches, $6 month and
found ;;■""
3 boys to learn city trades, $3 weeK.
6 farm hands, $25 and $20 and t0un&... .......
S teamsters, city //_•«? ~J
Foreman stable and drive In city. $30 and
Packer,' shingle "miii!!'.'......- n*W*JtliU
Packer, shingle mill • » 7:> <***
2 men for factory work city... 88ADT.* ....
"*!!"!!!*.'.!!....!......"••• 634 and 636 Clay st.
9 WAITERS: $30 $25 and $20 and found; waiter
and tend bar. country hotel. $20 ana found
12 cooks. $80. $40, fcio a-"" <" found
butcher, country ..hop. $30 » n^^- found
second conk. note. _..-••• •••"•- wagO n; driver
Tailor, country; drl\er expre. boo^ Ia( ; k _
milk wagon MURRAY & READY.
*.... 634 and 636 Clay st.
634 and 636 Clay St. ■ ;
7-, p~ R HANSEN" & C0.'5. ...Te1. Grant 1"5
?500raiiroa3 laborers for
gUV fare reduc^^^.....................
antrac« "and staUon^work. re^Nsc^o
and earth. »i earth. Further particulars and
?tcke'sa7c. Or HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Geary
It : ship Bunday morning.
-;; d -,-,m\t cook, north. $60: short-order
RES I A country restaurant. $10 a week: cook,
small restaurant. $35; baker's helper. $16;
£ iror's helper, country shop, $30; city restau-
£► J23- *hort-order cook and waiter, small
co.ntrV' hotel. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. ;
«' a VTED— Mine foreman, $100 and board, free
/nr"- 3 quartz miners, $2 50 a day and $40 p«r
month; teamster, 10 mules, for a mine. $50
and board free fare; Frenchman and wife
♦or vineyard, $40; stableman, $30; office boy.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. " ______:
WANTED— cook, $75 month; club stew-
ard. $.V) month* and room; German second
conk $25 and room: bed maker, waiters, dish-
washers, etc Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Station agent for private railroad,
no objection to married man, must have ex-
perience and references, salary $60 per month,
apply In person only: furnaceman for quick-
s\iireT mine, $40 per month and board; porter
for lodging-house in city. $30 per month and
room; pressboy for printing office, $6 per
week; 10 more woodchoppers for good long
job. •$1 25 and $1 40 per cord, tools and pro-
visions advanced: waiter, small restaurant «
$30; farmers, ' milkers and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
25 TIEMAKERS. post makers and wood chop-
pers, winter's Job, fare $1, see company here;
good prices; tools and provisions advanced"
middle-aged farmer and wife: 2 slate split-
ters, $2 50 a day. R. T. WARD & CO., 608-
610 Clay st.
WANTED— CoupIe to take care of country
place, .small ranch, $40; French assistant
waiter, $2": omnibus, $25; waiter. $30; dish-
washer $20; butler. $40; gardener for Dec.
1, $30. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st. ; _
BUTLER and wife. $75 per month; woman '
■ ter 9 st - g C °° k ' MISS CULLEN - 325 But-
' C( 32i !u 3 ft« N^?^ month MISS CULLEN.
B GAZFTTI^"_9A el Vat '""" bOy ' <13; Clt 7- HOTEL
i GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. -HELP WANTED— Continued.
re'sfONS I BLE -rung man to deliver and col-
lect for wholesale liquor house; fair wages to
start; must put up J5OO cash security. Box
1873, Cm. office.
TO Go To-day pain men's second-hand
■- shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to 11; new
shoes, slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mis-
cion st.. bet. First and Second sts. Open all
day Sunday.
BARBER from Saturday noon to Sunday noon.
1661V- Mission st. ___
n.\r.r:i:R wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
715!- Davis st. _________
GOOD larber wanted for Saturday. 131 Third
street.
WILL give office boy business . ducat ion in
exchange for services. Hex 1«63, Call office.
MAKER wanted. Call early 514 Second
:-treet. '
[AKERS to work inside. 223 Sutter St.,
npstatrs.
OYSTER opener wanted at 9 Mason st. Call
«.t 7 a. m.
USHER wanted at US9 Oak st.
BOY to feed job press. 506 Market st - room 2.
WHITENER ami paper banker wanted. Apply
2", Steuart St.; WILL WRIGHT.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Cori's. Unite.l States navy; able-bodleJ.
u- married men between the ages of 21 and 30
rear? who are citizens of the United States,
p r those who have legally declared their In-
tf'ition tr> become such: must be of good char-
icter and habits and able to speak, read and
wrltp English. an«l bo between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis rt.,
San Francisco. Cal
$25 A WEEK and expenses to pell cigars on
time- experience unnecessary; holiday goods.
W. L KLINE CO.. St. Louis. Mo.
YV A NTKP— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
' runs Denver House. 217 Third 3t.; 150 large
ro.nis, Ko per nipht; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 1 * Mission
st., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
r.icht: 60c. 90c nd $1 per week.
PARTNER In barber business; must be tem-
perate and have some means. Box 1642.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 323
Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco F.orber College. 13S' 2 Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FOCHS, Sec. 325 Grant ave.
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. Sl5. ir.42 Market st.
TRY Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.:
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms; 16c, 2.'c night.
6INGI,K rooms. l">c, 20c. 2"c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. S63'» Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN flne calf shoes to ■ order, $2 50: men's
soleins. 33c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
MAN with experience in shooting gallery. 503
Kearny st. • ■
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutler st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LAN: £04 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, "Cc night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-room; free
'bus and baKpage to and from the ferry.
ELEVENTH. IPS— Branch office of Th» Call.
Subscription? and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
FOUR lady canvassers at tory. 1308 Mis-
sion St. ; salary paM.
ACTIVE woman to take measures for Clark's
new electric and Royal Queen corsets; salary
and commission. Call 1253 Broadway, Oakland.
100 GOOD agents: good profits: article every
family needy '■!?, Taylor -• Hour-» 10:30. 1:30.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in old established hay,
grain, wood, coal and livery business: 25
horses; price $1300. part cash: sickness causa
of partner retiring Box 158S Call office.
HOUSES WAVrKI).
BY responsible couple, rooming house. 10 to 30
rooms: ■■:.• or take charge. Box 1618. Call.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and room for a gentleman;
-=tnte price. Box 1648. Call office.
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASBELL, 216 Post st
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: necond-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sui-
veylng, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing. mech. survey, assay, ;r^hit. ; day & eve.;
eat 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 24th st.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrB. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 rilis.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
_ specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
FAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket st. : 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldi?.
LOST.
1250 WILL be paid by undersigned upon return
of jewelry and effects or the greater part
thereof of Lewis Meyers; lost or stolen im-
mediately prior or after his death. Wednes-
day, November 23, 1898; no questions ask.-d.
See A. HEYNEMANN, attorney-at-law, 310
Pine st., rooms -22.
FOX-TERRIER bitch, answers to name of
Japs. 17&2 Fifteenth 5t. ; reward.
LOST — Thursday evening, . young fox terrier
dog. Liberal reward. Return to 3968 23d st.
OLD gold, silver and diamonds bought at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant ave.
FOX terrier, female: brown ears: answers name
of Chippy. 2219 Mission St.; reward.
AT cuff House, sable fur collarette. Liberal
reward returned to J. F. M., 404 Front st.;
no questions asked.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JAMES FEAGAN; No. 6349. The
finder win please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ROBERT THOMPSON; No. 160-1275.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST, In Alameda— Large white dog: collar
i ears license to Nallaln, Stout . -.. Portland,
Or. Return to 1431 Sherman St.. AJameda;
liberal reward.
FOUND.
FOUND— Black bitch, white breast and paws.
Call 1104 Stockton st.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub-
ber; fuil Bet of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
Ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
..work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern I>ental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason t .p. Entrance 8 Mason st.
■*■" FT T -^- set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
i~-?res: light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without platen, crown and bridge work
our specialtv fillings. 60c; crowns, $3"' £0: all
•"•••* »«iales« and warranted. Cnicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth .-?.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEKT^n-— Leek dentil
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
BET of teeth, $5: filling!), gold. $1 up; stiver. 25c
up; bridge work: plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists. 869 Mission st.. corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $6 up: fillings, 25c up all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reaso--Me; teas given.
BET teeth. $4; fill., gold He, silv. 25c; crowns
$3; 9. a. m. to 10 p. m. Parlors. 235 Kearny.
.ALL -Tk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOTJNG. IS4I Polk st.
. STORAGE. ™
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$3Ho^PARTNER wanted in commission busi-
ness; fine horses and wagons; will clear $100
month to each. National Agency, 7 Grant
ave.
RESTAURANT— cheap to party under-
stands the business. National Agcy., 7 Grant.
I A— WE have buyers to invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$400 — CORNER saloon; clears $75 month; a snap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $76 month.
$250 — Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $60 mo.
$75— Branch bakery; Market St.; rent $15.
$200— Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$125— BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor, 3
rooms; rent $15. National Agency, 7 Grant av.
LIST your store, property or business place
With WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.. the
old-established and reliable business agents;
we have a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns.
SALOON; on best part of Market st. ;
lent $200: price only good for 10 days. WILKE
A UNFUG. HH3 Market st.
$1550— GROCERY and bar on good business
street: kept by present owner for long years;
good reason for selling: cheap for amount
asked: rent $60. WILKE & UNFUG, 906
Market st. • ■
$750 — HALF of well-paying, pieasant commis-
sion business; or will trade for Al Oakland
business. Inquire WILKE & UNFUG.
| $1100— ROAD house. Including building; doing
business $15 a day; old established stand for
years; cars pass door. JONES, $65 Market St.
$:: - SALOON near Palace Hotel; handsomely
fitted up; doing good business; disagreement
of partners cause sale; Just half price.
JONES. 866 Market st.
$200— CIGAR store on one of the leading streets
north of Market: good business; fine fixtures;
cheap rent. JONES, 865 Market st.
; PARTNER wanted with $125; advertising busi-
ness opportunity of a lifetime; will clear $75
! a month to each sure. JONES, SSS Market st.
$850; CORNER grocery and bar; Third St.;
big business; living rooms. KREDO & CO.,
22>>i Geary st.
A— s2so; COFFEE and lunch; est. 20 years; $15
to $20 dally. KREDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary st.
A— sl2s; DINING-ROOM; 30 steady boarders;
good transient; clears $100. KREDO & CO.,
22V^ Geary st.
$1000— SALOON for sale; must sell; owned by
present owner 7 years; 8 rooms. H. C.
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
BARBER shop; cheap; country town; on ac-
count of death. Apply DECKELMAN BROS.,
106 Ellis St.
GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms. N.
LOWENSTEIN, 10234 Market st.
$250; BARGAIN: sobriety and steadiness
wanted. LOWENSTEIN. 1023H Market at.,
between Sixth and Seventh.
$400— PARTNER wanted In light business
where the services of a plain, steady man
are preferred to hired help; business long
established and too much for one man; no
experience required: trial given; $13 to $30 a
week each. 9 Geary St., room 18.
j A— lo FURNISHED rooms and bar, $350; 9 fur-
nished rooms. Market st., $165: cigar stand
on Market St., $100. STANLEY & CO.. 105d
Market st.
WE have a cash buyer for some suitable busi-
ness under $1000; no charge for Information.
Call at 9 Geary st., "Western Investment Co.
$3.",O— CORNER grocery and bar; stock worth
the money: cheap rent; fine location; no
agents. Call office.
FOR small capital; the best investment on
the coast. tl2 Examiner building.
CANDY store and fixtures. . 1104 Golden Gate
avenue.
GROCERY for sale; with or without bar. In-
quire 781 Seventh St., Oakland.
FOR SALE reasonable— One of oldest estab-
lished coal yards in city; horses, wagons,
etc.; good running business that will bear
investigation: excellent opportunity. Address
box 1881, Call.
WANTED— An industrious man or woman with
$4000 to buy half interest In small farm and
dairy with' paying milk route in country
town. Address Principal, box 1592, Call.
i FINE corner cigar store; owner sick and
unable to attend; no agents. Call or ad-
! dress J. A. R.. 315 Grove St.
1 FIRST-CLASS restaurant: fine chance for man
and wife; sold to-day. Sl2 Larkln st.
SHOE shop; closing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent: reasonable. 332 Bush st.
' GREAT bargain; saloon and 10 furnished
rooms; a good business. Box 18S4, Call.
I WANTED— I-artner with $1000; excellent op-
portunity for a sober young man or a graduate
physician to obtain a thorough knowledge in
the science at optics; none but those with best
of references need apply. GEORGE MAY-
! ERLE. German expert optician, charter mem-
ber American Association of Opticians, Ger-
man Ootlcal Institute, 1071<- Market, near
Seventh; see city directory; testimonials from
Gen. Miles. Geo. Dewey, Gen. Shatter. Ad-
miral Sampson, etc.
GOOD opportunity for man with family who
can give massage and run salt water tub
bathing: plenty . room for store or barber
shop; sell cheap on account of sickness. Box
1634.. Call office.
A WELL established paying business, $1000;
experience not needed. Address box 1650, Call.
| DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures; in good location: investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Address box 1618.
Call office.
i COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright, rm. 703. 927 Market.
; BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good
location; living rooms; rent $8. 1669 Grove
st., Oakland.
' COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
H C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
48-ROOM CORNER HOUSE
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house; new house and furniture. .s 860
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
10-room house: only 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner 1200
22 rooms near City Hall 500
10 rooms; all rented; business street 300
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary St.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; transient; fine corner.. 600
12 rooms; McAllister; clears $50 325
12 rooms; Golden Gate; elegant 900
14 rooms; all outside bay-windows 800
15 rooms; Geary; clears $100 1050
17 rooms; elegant; O'Farrell; clears $150.. .50
A— ssso: 37 rooms; best transient; clears $150 a
month. KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary St. . 'r.\
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.:
10 rms.; Hyde 5t.. 5250! 18 rms.; Post et.... $600
18 rms.; Third St.. 550 137 rms.; Howard... 700
20 rms.; Geary st. 600 60 rms.; Bush st... 1250
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A 12-BORE Piper shotgun and rifle combined,
almoEt new. for $22: cost originally $40. UN-
CLE HARRIS, 15 Grant are.
HOOKER pump; capacity 1,000.000 gallons; 12x
24-inch water cylinder. J. B. JARDINE, 309
Folsom st.
LIVE American eagle; fine large young speci-
men. Box 1884, Call.
A NEW $75 "New Home" sewing machine for
sale cheap. 1229 Broadway, Oakland.
ONE 37-ft launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 20-
ft. sloop; 21-ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launch hull; 60-ft. tug boat; bar-
gains; new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBRECHT. successor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-MKJ Mission st.
above Sixth.
LARGE 36-foot launch; 8-foot beam; 10 horse-
power. Box 1652, Call office.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 616 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
1 AN D 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate ave.
SECOND-HAND lumber: old buildings bought
and removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia.
Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
j R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
tlzesThalf original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free-; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
ADVICE" free— W. P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Sprtckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L 8 CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In ad vane*.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9?7 Market st.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021H Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1898.
HOI SES TO LET.
BA i -WINDOW house 6 rooms and bath. 351
Lexington ave.
HYDE •tit -Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath
in good order. Apply 418 HJ-de^e^
M~ODERN~r<Tsldence. 3415 Jackson St.: grand
view: !1 rooms and bath. Apply MADIbON
& BURKE, 626 Market j^
FERRY. MS. near Fourth—* rooms and yard:
rent $8: water free. Apply to G. H. IMB-
EEN & CO.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery Ft. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
?!<• SUNNY c-ttage: 5 rooms and bath and
stable: corner of Dolores and Cumberland.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY Furnished Hat; 5 rooms and bath; with
plane 721U Grove st.
FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gate ave.— Lower and middle
flat; e rms.; modern convent "-nces; sunny side.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper fiat, 5 rooms and
bath; unfurnished; modern; $12; water free.
2519 Golden Gate ave. or NAVLET, 401 Geary.
BUCHANAN, SIR- Sunny corner bay-window
flat 5 rooms, bath; $16.
CLAYTON, 874, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny Hat of 4 rooms and bath.
DIAMOND, 224, near Nineteenth— Sunny mod-
ern flat 5 rooms; stable optional.
HAYES, 32!*- branch office of~The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ada taken.
HENRY. 132. near Fourteenth— Flat of 5 rooms
and bath, with stable.
LEAVENWOIiTH. I.M9— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
gas; bath; rent $16.
McALLIrfTER, 726— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27; key at 725.
NEWLY-PAINTED 5 and 6 room flats; rent re-
duced. 1037A Dolores st.
PROSPECT place, 101, corner of Haoramento —
$13; sunny flat; range; hot and cold water.
SCOTT, 1713— Flat of 5 rooms and bath; lent
$U.
SHIPLKY. 287. near Sixth— sl3 50; flat of 5
rooms and bath.
SUNNY bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, o rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & loth.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2951. between Harrison and
Alabama — I sunny rooms, bath; cellar.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3727— Pleasant upper flat of
5 n'oms and bath; rent cheap
UPPER flat to let, 515 Lombard st. Apply
f.!7A. Rent reasonable; marine view.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
20 MARY, near sth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; $22 50.
$S — THREE rooms, upper flat; sunny. 267A
Dore Ft., off Harrison, near Ninth.
2OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion St., between Eighth and Ninth.
$12, $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 6 and
6 roon:s. 1209 Geary Bt.
|S6— MODERN flat of 8 rooms, bath; 1 or 2
families. 112S Howard st.
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping: kitchen and bedroom;
furniture all new; $2 per week. $s per month:
suitable for 2 or 3 persons. Apply at shoe
Ptore, 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second
sts.
BROADWAY. TOO — Large sunny bay-winuow
6uites and single rooms; pas; bath.
FIFTH. 15S',i— Sunny suit of rooms and house-
keeping room: also other rooms.
FIFTH, 322—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpng. rms.: stove, closet, bath; private; $10.
' FIFTH 353— Furnished housekeeping. 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath. $20: also 3. $12; single. $6.
GEARY, 610— Large sunny newly furnished
room; also room for housekeeping; gas range.
GROVE, 32— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms for rent cheap: bath and yard.
GROYF-:. 131—1 runny furnished room; suit-
able for light housekeeping ;
GROVE.' 202, corner Van Ness ave.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
HAIGHT, 220— Sunny furnished alcove, with
kitchen, for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 1052— Sunny front ;,ari<>r and house-
keeping rooms.
JONES. 20i«— 2 sunny front unfurnished rooms;
bath tubs; $S; housekeeping.
LANGTON. 230Vi— Floor of 3 rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; basement.
MCALLISTER, 422-Large sunny front room
and kHchen.
j MINNA. 371, near Fifth— Furnished large sun-
ny ro.'m; stove; closets; private family.
MISSION 1217— Sunny front suites complete for
housekeeping; $12. $14 and $16.
MOSS, 13. off Howard— 2 or 3 rooms furnished
for housekeeping.
NINTH. 21— Suite of sunny rooms, furnished
for lifrht housekeeping; water and gas.
OAK. 119 — Runny front room, furnished nicely
for 2: lixlit housekeeping; $5.
OCTAVIA. 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping: no children.
FOLK. 607— Sunny front rooms, furnished, in-
cluding piano; "rent reasonable; also single
rooms.
POST, W-Z - Unfurnished sunny connecting
rooms; gaa; water; yard; newly furnished
halls.
POWELL, 710— Nice large room for very light
housckpng. : folding bed; grate: gas; $7 or $S.
T. 113—2 laree sunny connecting rooms;
partly furnished; gas, bath.
;. 1614— 1st floor of 3 unfurnished rooms;
bath, garden; $16: adults only.
SHIPLEY, 269—4 housekeeping rooms. $6; new
house; for adults only, and no animals.
SIXTH 23^4— Sunny front rooms complete for
light 'housekeeping: also single rooms; reas.
I SIXTH 216V4- — A nice sunny furnished room
and kitchen complete; also single; reasonable.
SIXTH. 420— Sunny bay-window rooms; house-
keeping: run. water, bath; also single rms.
SIXTH. 561, in the rear— 3 large unfurnished
rooms; cellar and yard.
TAYLOR, 3-3 Nicely furnished parlor floor
complete for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD. 309— Large furnished room complete,
$7; 2 for $10; bedroom. $5 month.
TURK. 543—2 sunny rooms, complete for house- j
keeping; gas stove; rent $14. I
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Bt.— Pleasant
runny rooms; en suite or tingle; first-class
In ever}' respect, terms reasonable,
AT 52 Second — Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 60; day. 25c to 50c.
BALBOA, The. 1049A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; lesd
per week; country trade solicited: elev'tr;tel.
BUSH, 421 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms.
CALIFORNIA, S32 — Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen: board If desired.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and offices.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, lis — Sunn" pleasant rooms; $6 per month
and upward;
GLEN PARK ave. 30, off Twelfth St.— Lovely
furnished front room; funny; reasonable.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per nlsht. 25c to
$1; week $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— l'leasant sunny rooms: en suite and
kiiikl<-: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HASKTCLL, The. 121 Powell st.— Cheap, neat,
'ljrlit, sunny rooms: transients, gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant )
suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J. King. ;
HOWARD, 822—2 sunny hall bedrooms; $4 and |
$6: private.
HOWARD, 953'i— Neatly furnished sunny rooms
with bath; $1 2"> week up; quiet house.
JESSIE, 439. bet. Fifth and Sixth— Large double I
parlors, nicely furnished; quiet house; cheap;
$12.
JONES. 117— Nicely furnished large sunny bay-
wind'.w front room; private.
LARKIN. 804— Sunny front, neatly furnished, 1
or 2 persons; $6; small room $4.
LARKIN, 1200. opp. Lurline Baths— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; from 14 up.
LOCUST ave., 125— Neat single front room fur-
nished; near Van Ness and Golden Gate
aves. ; $4 per month.
MASON, 225— Nicely furnished sunn'- rooms;
singlo and housekeeping; from $1 50 week up.
OAK. 336— Furnished and unfurnished large
sunny rooms. |
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ela-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
PAGE, 1312, near Lyon— Fine alcove room, with
or without kitchen; reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET — Continued.
I POST, 910—2 sunny front rooms for gentlemen;
j $6 50, $8 50; private family.
j POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; :easonable.
| SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 120— Front suites and single rooms;
also housekeeping rooms.
THE BRUNSWICK. US Sixth St.. corner How-
| ard—Best appointed: centrally located: rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard-st. cars pass
houae direct from all boats and trains.
VAN NEPS ave.. Front Suite.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
BUSH, 822— Sunny suite; good board; hot and
cold water; single rooms.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, 822— Sunny rooms: hot and cold water;
good table board; reasonable: gas; bath.
HOTEL Falrmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; flret class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms; home cook-
Ing; parlor: piano; bath- gents: special rates.
SUTTER, 112"?— Elegant room and board: loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, ir.9— Furnished room, with
board, $4 and $5: home cooking.
VALENCIA, 1070— A pleasant sunny room, car-
peted, but unfurnished, with board.
VAN NESS ave., -Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
' STORES TO LET.
CORNER store, Twenty-second and Castro st». ;
suitable for grocery and bar.
SMALL store for rent In country; best for
tailor: give one month free. Refer to M.
SCHEYER & BRO., 16 Sansome st.
STORE with living apartments, suitable for
harnessmaker or plumber. Apply 414 Bran-
nan st.
TO rent— ptore; Market st, near ferry:
now fitted as branch bakery; rent moderate.
Apply CALLEY, 2129 Mission st.
' $9 AND $10: 2 stores with living room. 339 Noe
| et.. near Market; stable If desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room &10.
OFFICE to let at 1065 Market St., opposite
Jones; newly furnished suite.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS and
UPWARD.
$3 60 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $235 00
Steinway upright IS7 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $«0 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING C0..-
136 Ellis at, Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
IS per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west, of Chicago Is KOIILER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
YOU want a piano? Why not call on us?
SCOTT. CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
■ell, we buy for cash. We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. £60 Hayes st.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise:
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 743 Market st.
A STEINWAY. $175; Steck. $150; Estey. $225:
Fischer, $250; Weber, $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 £0 up; rent allowed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House, 204 Post st.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms. ISIS Market st. »
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chick-
ering, Steck, Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
$50— UPRIGHT piano and stool, good condition;
nice cabinet. $5 installments. 1115 Post st.
A MAGNIFICENT high grade piano, slightly
used: cheap for cash. Room 10, Flood bldg.
BARGAIN: good Steinway upright: cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
■ AN elegant Steinway. upright, for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness ave.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-claps pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
_ ~~" MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for
all female diseases from whatever cause;
all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find her a
true friend; home for patients with every
comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy st.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matte;- what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
! 60 years' practice; aafe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace I
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases ; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts aa a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant ave., 8. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. * ,
WOMEN'S ailments— Ladies In trouble, see Drs.
Goodwin free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in
24 hours guaranteed; any complaints: no in-
struments: maternity home: best medical at-
tendance; pills, $1: cure, $5; hours, 10 to 8. Re-
moved from 401 D Van Ness to 1362A' Market.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped instantly;
consult free; confidential: hours. P a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS A CO.. 406 Clay st. :
$1 60. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO., 531 K St. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
ave.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. CaL
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Strifes postpaid, for *1 SO a year.
CARPET CLEANING. g
CITY Steam carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S . Pioneer, Carpet-
beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. tel, S. 40. ■
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. ,
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74. .
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; tel. East 126. :■. .■ ■ . ,
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.
tel. Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.-
PERSONALS.
E. L. C— Return watch, chain and locket at
theater and receive $10 reward. MARK
THALL. ' • ,
LEDERER. the hairdresser, uses Quinonia for
a hair tonic: it's unsurpassed: 3oc a bottle;
try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c; Lederer'B Foamo Shampoo is the
most popular hair wash in the market; only I
5c a package. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
IF rats and mice annoy you write S. S. MFG.
CO.. Chicago, 111., for sure exterminator.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO., 313 Butter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at- store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1564 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
. House, 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 18;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome. upstairs.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Keamy.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. _
I.FMOS. 1117 Market fit., bet. "th ami sth.
~™ ~ DRESSMAKERS.
I DRESSMAKING always up to date satisfac-
tion; prices reasonable. 218 Van Ness ave. _
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MMK. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses. »3
up: dres«e« made over. 3 Eddy st.. rrria. 14-1.1.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. ROWH
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and bees
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome, 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you in full of all that
you are Interested In: business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MOTHER Sadie, materializing seance to-mor-
row 12 o'clock. 50 cents. 409 Leavenworth st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer: hrs..
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 1027 1 Mrkt.
M FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.:
Mon.. 8. 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. LF.XEMAR tells by planets; predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold, '74; 23V4 6th, r. 3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future: 25c. 14S Sixth, rm. It.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049A Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, :sc; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 31.' O'Farreil st.
HORSES.
A THOROUGHBRED trotter for sale; 7-year-
old mare: .sound, stylish and gentle; $75. Six-
Mile House. San Bruno road.
i 60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
' carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived — 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Balesrards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ;
COST $5000 An established carriage business:
wagons, hacks, buggies and harness: cash
trade: no book accounts; reasonable offer not
refused. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
BARGAINS— Must be sold: wagons, buggies,
hacks, phaetons, ''arts and harness, or will
sell as a whole. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL writers sold and rented; few partly
used for rale cheap: send for samples and
Prices-. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
X HAMMOND, $25; Callgraph, $15; Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
~~ ________
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice is hereby given that
pealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at its office, room 13. 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, ' December 10, 1898, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville). for six months commencing
January 1, 181*8, and ending June 30, !-'
Schedules with information and Inductions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no hid will be considered un-
less it Is In accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
• certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to .1.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome
Bt.. San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
Board of Directors.
■j J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Military Supplies— New
Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal., October
27, 1898. Sealed proposals In triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m., November
28, 1898. and then opened, for furnishing one
tug boat. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production and manufacture,
conditions of price and quality being equal
(Including in the price of foreign productions
the duty thereon), and such preference given
to articles of American production and manu-
facture produced on the Pacific Coast to the
extent of the consumption required by the
public service there. The United States re-
serves the right to accept or reject any or
all proposals or any part thereof. Proposals
for delivery at other points will be enter-
tained. Information and blank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelopes will be in-
dorsed "Proposals for Tug Boat. No. 5096,"
and addressed to LIEUTENANT COLONEL
OSCAR F. LONG, United States Volunteers,
Depot Quartermaster.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City and"county
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
. ment No. 7. ALBERT JAMES RICE.
plaintiff, vs. LUELLA MATILDA RICE, de-
1 fendant. No. 65,884. Action brought in the
Superior Court, City and County of San Fran-
,. Cisco. State of California, and the complaint
filed in said City and County of San Fran-
cisco In the office of the Clerk of said Super-
ior Court. The people of the State of Cali-
fornia send greeting to . LUELLA MATILDA
RICE, defendant. You are hereby required
to appear In an action brought against you by
the above named plaintiff in the Superior
Court, City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and to answer the com-
plaint filed therein within ten days (ex-
clusive of the day of service) after the service
on you of this summons, If served within this
county; or,. If served elsewhere,- within thirty
days. The said action is' brought to obtain
a Judgment and decree of this court dissolv-
ing the bonds of matrimony now existing be-
tween plaintiff and defendant, upon the
ground of defendant's willful desertion, also
for general relief, as will more fully appear
in the complaint on file, I to which special
reference is hereby made. All of which- will
more fully appear in the complaint on file
herein to which you are hereby referred. And
you are hereby notified that if you fall to
appear and answer the said . complaint, as
1 above required, the said plaintiff will apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my hand and seal of said Su-
perior Court at the city and County of San
Francisco, State of California, this 13th day
of October, in the year of our Lord, one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.
[Real.] • C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
By N. , E. M AISON. Deputy Clerk.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
Biding In and near Vancouver, B. C, during
the years 1891 to 1895, and afterward in Cali- '
fornia, and was last heard of In Sonora.
Tuolumne County, Cal., about June, 1896. will
apply .= to . the undersigned he will . hear of
something ■to his advantage. . WELLS & ■
HIND. Solicitors, Nottingham, England.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$13,000— 50-VARA lot with large house of 16
rooms and stable, lawn, etc., fronting on 3
streets, 2 corners; streets bituminized, con-
crete sidewalks, stone bulkhead; place worth
$25,000; must be sold; mortgage of $10,000 can
remain; lot alone worth $20,000: best West-
ern Addition location. O. D. BALDWIN &
SON, 22 Montgomery st. i
NEW 3-room cottage with level lot. near Mis- '
sion and Thirtieth sts. ; $10 monthly. JACOB ]
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH, $S monthly, will buy a handsome s-
room cottage, bath, and everything about it
modern: very large lot; location the best in
Oakland; fine soil; grand view, yet level;
nice homes surrounding; a property for a
home worth seeing; streets all macadamized;
fine school and electric cars near by; city
water and sewer; entire price $1250; a few
fine large lots $125; $10. $5 monthly upward;
also 3 choice corner lots at a bargain; Ga-
ltndo Settlement, East Oakland. Call or
send for circular to 455 Seventh St., corner
Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES. Owner.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $:7; no dark rms..
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station, Oakland; key 940 Union
st. KOENIQ & KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 1229— Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets: reasonable to rosponsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FtTRNITURB— Good and cheap H. SCHKLI^
HAAS' nld .tor*. 40* Kl»T»nts ir . <*— hlnv
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1400— TO close an estate: lot 40x100: modern
liaise, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
j!ooo_snap: lot 50x150; house of ♦ rooms; 2
blocks from Morton-at. station.
$2*oo— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central ave.; lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let in all narts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
CHOICE new cottage of 6 rooms; lot 50x158;
$2400: $300 cash; $2". per month.
$250 each— Lots 25x108: $40 cash; $10 per
month.* J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
FOR SALE— cents on the dollar; one 5, one 8
and one 7 room cottage; also for investment.
2 two 2-story cottages, pay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE Sr..
Webster-st. station, narrow-gauge.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders and real estate agents, 1500 Park st.,
Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A— ssso; SMALL house, 4 rooms, In Berkeley,
• near station; $23 down; $10 monthly.
$125; lot 23x130: $10 down. $5 monthly; near
California and Nevada Railroad.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, owner.
20 Montgomery st.
ALTA PUNTA Tract again on the market:
prices reduced; on San Pablo ave.. 3 miles |
north of Berkeley: lots and by acreage; look
•at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIGHT,
220 Sansome st., S. F.
5-ROOM cottage: bath, laundry; 1% acres;
12 min. walk to Berkeley btn. Freese & Cod-
dlngton. 211!» Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
MONKY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth : telephone South 14.
LOANS to salaried people holding permanent
positions: no security except their name;
easy payments. New Era Loan Co., rm. 25,
1003H Broadway, Oakland; hours 10 to 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry, at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $2". up;
private party. BONNELI.I. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6>£ per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St., opp. Olympia Music Hall
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, G36 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— SISOO: high interest; best security.
Address box 1887. Call office.
$1500 WANTED for 6 or 12 month? 10 per cent;
on good Indorsed or joint note. Box 1619. Call. j
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer . and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rate*. 205 Fourth St.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Evan E. Richards and Lota Best 24-20
Frank Neil End Addie M. Howard 31-25
G. W. Salmon and Virena M. Christensen.. 2B-20
Max Eisler and Lilly Rahwyler ........42-25
David C. Bangs and Emily Lamb 88-30
Wlnclan Nll*r-n and Minnie Hartz 29-21
George A. Herbert and Maude 7.. Jeff erys. .27-25
Edward W. Nation and Julia M. Rafter 31-22
Antonio Gomez and Antonie Buckel 38-23
John W. Collins and Jennie Burke 25-24
Jose Rodriguez and Maria Enosea... 40-15
Arthur Belew and Margaret F. Roland 28-24
Ann. -lino Mesple and Augusta Schmidt 24-20
John A. Blomquist and Mina O. Bergerson. 36-33
August A. Flpcher and Mary Weaden 40-30
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BRUCKNER— In this city. November 25, 1893,
to the wife of P. Bruckner, a daughter.
DONNELY— In this city. November 19, IS9B, to I
the wife of Frank R. Donnely. a son.
PROVAN— In this city. November 24, IS9S, to
the wife of William Provan. a son.
MARRIED.
BANGS— LAMB— In this city, November 23.
IS9S, by the Rev. John Stephens, David H.
Bangs and Emily Lamb, both of San Fran-
cisco.
MURPHEY— this city. at the resi-
dence of the bride's parents, by the Rev. R.
C. Foute, John McGowan Biddle of Washing-
ton, D. C. and Ethel Swift Murphey, daugh-
ter of S. G. Murphey Esq.
DANIELS— In Alameda. Novem-
ber 24. IS9S, by the Rev. J. P. Dlckson, Fred
Daniels and Grace Prescott.
HERNTENGTON— LOUTENIER— In this city,
November 11, 1898, by the Rev. J. P. Dick-
son, George N. Herntengton and Mary Lou-
tenier, both of San Francisco. \
LARSEN— McLEAN— In this city, November 17,
1898, by the Rev. J. P. Dickson, Hans Larsen
and Maggie McLean, both of San Francisco.
MITCHEL— this city, November 4,
1898, by the Rev. J. P. Dickson. William
Mitchel of Marshall!;. Marin County, and
Margaret Hlllls of San Francisco.
MOON— SHEEHAN— In St. Helena. November
24, 'ISSS, by the Rev. Father Blake, Milton
W. Moon and Julia L. Sheehan.
RICHARDS— BEST— In this city. November 24,
IS9B, by the Rev. J. P. Dlckson. Evan Edgar ,
Richards and Loto Best, both of San Lean-
dro.
THOMAS— KANE— this city, November 23.
189S, by the Rev. John Stepnens, Hassle P.
Thomas and Flora M. Kane, both of San
Francisco. ■
_ _ DIED. ~~
Anstett; Emile A.  Lipman, Morris
Antonovlch." Stella Lyons, Richard J.
Bosq, Elizabeth R. Madden, Eleanor M.
Carroll, Bridget Molinero. Giovanni
Doyle, Maurice Munn, Leslie B.
Fay, Marguerite I. Ohlson, Julia C.
Gaffney. James Oliver, Mrs. A. O.
' Hlron. Victor - Peters. Jurgen F.
Howell. Catherine Reimer, Julius
Jones, Clarrtssa Snow, James-
Kanamezo, M. ■ Staufter, John R.
Kendall, Arthur Walsh, .da M.
Leithead. Jas. McK. Waterhouse, C.
Levy, Arie White, Jonathan L. -
ANSTETT— In this city, November 25. 1898,
Emile A. Anstett. beloved son of Hermlne
' Donohoe, brother of Edward J. Anstett and i
Florence and Gertrude Donohoe, and nephew
of Mrs. J. Dlstel. Arthur E. Vlyier and Mrs.
J. E. Curan, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years and 7 months.
E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:20 o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 7248 Green street, thence to
St. Francis Church for services at 1 o'clock. ]
ANTONOVICH— In this city, November 22, IS9B.
Stella, youngest and beloved daughter of
i'i iTMni^r innwwilil— iwawrtMi f^-iffti* ,m ±+%i*\ , „ f-i«j ■JC¥»h ■ ■ *
Nicholas and the late Kate Antonovieh, and
sister of Mrs. G. Mostahinlch. a native of
San Francisco, aged 18 years 10 months and
24 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her father, 921 Jackson street, between
Powell and Mason, thence to St. Mary
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BOSQ— In this city, November 23, IS9S. Eliza-
beth Rose Bosq, a native of France, aged
65 years 6 months and 6 days.
C3"The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1023 gutter street, thence to the Church
of Notre Dame des Victoires for services.
Interment private.
CARROLL— In this city, November 24, 1898,
Bridget Carroll, beloved mother of Joseph and
Mary Carroll and Mrs. Daniel Tierney. a
native of Ballybunion, County Kerry, Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock,, from her late
residence, 408 Seventh street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the rep. of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DOYLE— In this city, November 24, 1898, Mas.
rice, beloved husband of the late Mary Doyle,
and father of John J. Dovle, Mrs. Joseph
Rodgers and Mrs. Thomas C. Broderick, •
native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 26." Shipley street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will bo celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at .9 o'clock. ' Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FAY— In this city. November 25, IS9S. Mar-
guerite Irene, dearly beloved daughter of
Thomas and .Delia Fay, and sister of James
and Virginia Fay, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 9 months and 25 days.
IT?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 613 Locust avenue. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery.
GAFFNEY— this city. November 24. 1898,
James Gaffney. dearly beloved brother of the
late Mrs. Annie de Bard, a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 65 year3.
IT^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
November 18, at S:3O o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marlni & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
thence to St. Francis Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HIROX— In this city, November 25. 1898. Vic-
tor, beloved husband of the late Henrietta
Hiron, and father of Mrs. Michael Lacey.
Victor and Mary Hlron and the late Mrs.
Walling, a native of France, aged 7S years
and 10 months.
(EF'Notloe of funeral hereafter.
HOWELL— In the City and County Hospital.
November 25, 1888, Catherine Howell, a na-
tive of California, aged 34 years.
JONES— In Oakland. November 24, 1898, Clar-
rissa Jones, a native of Detroit, Mich., aged
66 years.
KANAMEZO— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, November 25, 1898, Matashiro Kanamezo.
a native of Japan, aged 39 years.
KENDALL— In this city. November 23, 1898,
Arthur, dearly beloved son of Frank and
Emma Kendall, and brother of Frank, Julia,
August and Roy Kendall, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 years 7 months and 18
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his parents'
residence, 219 Francisco street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LKITHEAD— In this city, November 23. IS9B,
James McKay Lelthead, a native of Mon-
treal, Canada, aged 33 years 7 months and 20
days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from King Solo-
mon's Hall, Masonic Temple, under the aus-
pices of Occidental Lodge No. 22. F. and A.
M. Remains will the Bent East for Inter-
ment.
LEVY— In this city, November 25, 1898, Arle
Lev}', beloved father of Abraham A. Levy. ■■%
native of Samter. Prussia, aged OS vpars and
7 days. (New York papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, at B'nal
B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
LIPMAN— In this city. November 24. 1898, Mor-
ris beloved husband of Rosalie Lipman,
father of Lena. Samuel and George M. Lip-
man, and brother of Henry and Leopold Lip-
man. Mrs. J. A. Alexander, Mrs. B. Hirsh-
feld. Mrs. M. H. Marks and Mrs. A. Erb.
a native of Schneidemuhl. Prussia, aged 59
years 4 months and 16 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1340 Ellis street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
LYONS— this city, November 25. 1-98, Rich-
ard J ' dearly beloved husband of Annie
Lyons, and father of Mrs. W. T. Grubb. Mr;.
J. J. Kenny and Richard J. and Kittle G.
Lyons, a native cf Charleston, Mass., aged
57 years and 7 months.
H^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from his late residence, 221 Broad-
way, thence to St. Francis church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8:45 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MADDEN— In this city, November 25, 1898.
Eleanor Merritt, wife of William M. Mad-
den, and daughter of Charles M. and Lizzie
J. Nichols.
(£7 Notice of funeral hereafter.
MOLINERO— the City and County Hospital,
November 25, 1898. Giovanni Molinero, a na-
tive of Italy, aged 48 years.
MUNN— In this city, November "4. IS9B. Leslie
Barbara, beloved infant daughter of Bar-
bara E. and R. F. Munn. a native of Sao
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 20 days
£"?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2024 Howard street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery-
OHLSON— this city, November 25, 1899,
Julia C., beloved daughter of John A. and
Charlotte Ohlson, and sister of Gus, Alma
and Emily Ohlson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 15 years and 10 months.
OLIVER— In this city, November 24. 1898. at
130 Steiner street, Mrs. Amanda Oliver, be-
loved mother of Mrs. Charles F. Morgan and
Mrs. Clarence Warnock, a native of Aus-
tralia, aged 43 years.
ICFuneral and interment private.
PETERS— this city, November 22. IS9S, Jur-
Ken F. Peters, dearly beloved father of Mrs.
Dr. P. H. Maas and Ernst and John Peters,
a native of Heide, Holsteln, Germany, aged
63 years 9 months and 10 days. A member of
Freundschafdt Saengerbund.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company, 8
and 10 City Hall square. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
REIMER— In this city, November 25, IS9B,
Julius, beloved husband of Nellie Reimer,
father of Otto Relmer, and brother of Fan-
nie Reimer. a native of Germany, aged 49
years 4 months and 22 days.
inrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, where
the rervices will be held, commencing at 11
o'clock sharp, under the auspices of Crockett"
Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M.
SNOW— In this city, November 24, IS9B, James,
dearly beloved husband of Annie Snow,
father of John and Genevieve Snow, son of
John Snow of Virginia City, brotner »f Mrs.
James Millett and John Snow Jr.. and
brother-in-law of Emma and John Klunder.
a native of Virginia City, aged 24 years and
3 davs.
[GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late
residence, 222 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
STAI'FFER— In this city, November 24. 1898,
John Rudolph, beloved husband lof Marie
Stauffer. and father of Mrs. A. A. Britton,
Mrs William Reid. Mrs. C. Johnson. Mrs.
K Rufflno and Tillie, Fred R. and Arthur
W. Stauffer. a native of Switzerland.
WALSH— In this city, November 24, ISSB, at her
residence, 124 Olive avenue, Ida M.. beloved
wife of Joseph Walsh, and sister of Mrs. P.
Spadier Mrs. A. Smith and Kittle and Ada
Higglns, a native of Buffalo, N. Y. '
jCTFriends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 124 Olive avenue, between Van Ness
avenue and Polk street, thence to St. Marr'*"
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass wit
celebrated at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
U'ATERHOUSE— At the Big Dipper Mine,
lowa Hill. Placer County. Cal.. November
24. 1898, Columbus, beloved husband of Amelia
A. Waterhouse, and father of Mrs. N. A.
Dome and Seymour and Edson W. A. Water-
house, a native of Vermont, aged 70 years i
months and 20 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.. from
the Mission Masonic Temple. 2663 Mission
street.
WHITE— this city, November 23, IS9B,
Jonathan Lloyd . White, aged 48 years and 6
months.
■(E7 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 166.
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher), '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL.VER&
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School,
Telephone South 80. -
H. I 3 *. mAASS,
Undertaker and Embalniop.
Everything Requisite for First-Claw Funeral*
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone South S7S. SIT Mission Street.
1314
A PARLOR ENTERTAINMENT
AT WOODWARD'S PAVILION
Lavigne and Tracey fiave a Clever Exhibition
of Fisticuffs and the "Saginaw Kid"
Won the Contest.
An Immense Crowd Witnessed a Pretty Show of Leads,
Ducks, Swings and Side=Stepping, Which Did
Not Satisfy Those Who Paid to See a
Real Good Prize Fight
An Immense crowd was present at
Woodward's Pavilion last evening to
lee what turned out to be a very clever
but mild fistic entertainment.
The actors were George Lavigne,
commonly known as the Saginaw
"Kid," and Tom Tracey, late of Aus
tralia. The contest was of twenty
rounds and was won by Lavigne, who
was awarded a decision by Referee
Jim McDonald because he happened to
be the aggressor from start to finish.
The so-called fight was very enter
taining to those who take pleasure in
witnessing sparring exhibitions, but to
men who are thoroughly conversant
with the prizefight game and who can
discern at a glance when a contest is
on the level, last evening's parlor show
was far from being satisfactory.
Time and again both Mr. Lavigne
end his alleged opponent, Mr. Thomas
TOO PLAYFUL TO PLEASE.
SOME PROMINENT CITIZENS WHO SUFFERED.
Tracey, had opportunities — or to use a
ring phrase "openings" — which were
rot taken advantage of. In fact they
forgot or pretended to forget that a
Ftiff right punch in the jaw might hare
landed either contestant a winner, but
If that part of the programme was not
to be carried out according to recent
rules which govern "draw" fights, then
of course something had to be done to
please tho audience, and nice foot work,
with fancy stops and leads thrown in,
made up for the good stiff punching
which both men are capable of giving
when they are on business intent
Any man with half an eye who had
seen Tracey and McConnell in action
in the past could not help wondering
last evening why the clever Australian
held back that swift and hard hitting
right when the opportunities were of
fered him of stinging Lavigne on the
neck or Jaw. Once during the exhibi
tion Tracey, after a short rally where
no damage was done, poised himself
and was just In the act of sending out
the right when a thought flashed across
his mind and "the auctioneer" dropped
to his side there to remain silent, so
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tinware
Of every (j£swnpiri*m. r beBt.qwdiity
Tea amd Coffee Pots r Crumb
Tray amid. Brush,. Pk, Cahs
Dairy,. Milk Pom, €wspi-
dores, Ca.7W£2&m, Fry,
Drip, Muffin Poms,. €mien>.
amwy free with
ArcTERICAPTS BEST
Teas.. Coffees,. Splices
Great Americanlmport'gTea Co,
861 Market, op. P«well 705 Lark in St.
lAOhlxthSt. 1419 Polk St.
2 1 8 '1 hird >>t. 1819 Devisadero St.
500 Keurny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery _Av.
2510 .Mission St. 1 190 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
355 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1 053WashingtonSt. 13 1 San Pablo Ave.
917 Broadway. 616 E. Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St. ,
ALA.MEDA-1355 Park St.
SAN HAFAEI.—B St.. near Fourth.
We also sett;
China, C rockery « G LABSWARE
Cheapest Price* in America
Wxiti for OiUloguii.
to speak, until the end of the enter
tainment. *
His left was kept busy straightening
itself out each time that Lavigne es
sayed a left hand chop at the face. The
lad from Saginaw frequently ran his
mouth against the mitten, but that was
all. Those would-be bread-basket dis
turbers which Lavigne swung at his
opponent were never intended to do
bodily harm. They were invariably
sent out Just as Tracey was in the act
of side-stepping, but strange to say
the little man with the short neck and
powerful swing always failed to follow
up his game and corner the lad of
shifty feet and strategic movement.
No, Mr. Tracey did not fight like the
Tracey who downed McConnell in the
gymnasium of the Olympic Club, nor
did the hard-hitting "Kid" aim his
blows like he used to aim them when
he fought Andy Bowen, Johnny Griffin
and Dick Burge.
Swift as Tracey is on his pins, La-
vigne could have got within good,
hard-hitting distance of his man last
evening if he intended to land stomach
disturbers and rib-roasters, and clever
though the champion of Saginaw may
be also with his guards, he could not
possibly avoid getting hit by the Aus
tralian's right if that weapon was in
tended to inflict punishment whenever
the opportunity presented.
That several blows were landed dur
ing the twenty rounds of boxing by
both men is an admitted fact, but they
were of such a delicate d.m't-hit-mo
much nature that not a single man in
the audience lost his equilibrium or per
spired from excitement.
"THE GAME."
How the Pair of Fighters
Ducked and Fiddled.
Lavigne stopped through the ropes
at 9:15 o'clock, followed by his seconds.
"Biddy" Bishop. "Young Mitchell,"
Teddy Alexander, "Tim" McGrath and
his brother, "Hilly" Lavigne. Tracey
followed a few moments later with his
seconds, Al Smith, De Witt Van Court,
Jimmy Rlley and Arthur Walker.
Announcer Billy Jordan brought in
the gloves and Introduced the men as
"Kid" Lavigne of Saginaw and Tom
Tracey of San Francisco. James Mc-
Donald, the famous National League
baseball umpire, acted as referee of the
contest and James Chesley as time
keeper for the club.
Tracey looked to be in magnificent
condition and trained to the hour. He
wore dark trunks and a huge porous
plaster on the small of his back. La
vigne also seemed to be in splendid
fettle, but a trifle heavier than was ex
pected. He stood several inches short
er than his opponent. The men agreed
to break away clean in the clinches.
It was just half-^ast 9 o"clock when the
gong eounded for the opening round.
In the first round after a little pre
liminary sparring and Jumping away,
Lavigne was the first to lead with a
stright left which Tracey blocked,
Jumping away. He then made a vicious
left swing, but fell ■ rt. He jabbed
with his left and missed again. He
managed to land a light left tap oa the
nose, and Tracey jumped away from
another similar blow. Lavigne then
landed a light left on the face, und
Tracey planted his left into his oppo
nent's ribs. Lavigne fell short with sev
eral more straight lefts, and Tracey
blocked his swings and clinched.
Tracey rushed in and landed a Ftiff left
on the mouth, they clinched and broke
quickly. Lavigne tried more straight
lefts and was blocked. Tracey showed
clever footwork, dancing away from all
danger. Lavigne swung his right on
the neck, and Tracey threw his right
into the body as they came into a
clinch. Tracey rushed in, swinging his
left Just before the bell sounded, and
Lavigne blocked and clinched. No
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, KOYEMBER 26, 1899.
damaere was done, and the men were as
fresh as when they began.
From the second to the ninth round
there was little difference in the game.
Lavigne. tried his straight left time and
again, but could not «ret through the
Australian's guard, he Invariably
blocking the blows with his gloves and
Beldoxn netting back in return. Some
times Tracey would essay a left Jab on
his own account, but seldom landed and
then only lightly. He seemed content
with blocking and getting away un-
Bcathed, and hardly tried with his
right, which has dealt many a hardy
boxer a knockout blow.
Two or three times Lavigne seemed
tr, forget his agreement not to hit in
the clinches, and would throw his right
into Tracey 'p. body after they were in
each other's embraces. The crowd
hissed and yelled "Foul," but Tracey
only laughed and did not seem to mind
It.
The men seemed to thoroughly enjoy
their little exercise bout, as neither was
being punished to any extent, and
laughed at each other as one or the
other's leads fell short or was guarded
away. In fact up to the tenth round
the show partook of the nature of a
parlor entertainment, a very pretty
boxing exhibition and an illustration of
fencing, sparring, dodging and foot
work, but in no sense a fight.
In the tenth round it really looked
for a while as though the men intended
to mix things and settle their dispute
once and for all in that and the next
) few succeeding rounds, but the illusion
I war short, and after that round and
! until the end their old tactics were re
sumed. During the intermission be
tween the ninth and tenth Tracey'3
seconds took off his porous plaster, and
it may have limbered up the Australian
a bit, After blocking four of Lavigne's
sirr.ght left leads in succession and
ducking away from a fifth, Tracey up
percut swiftly with his left, but the
blow. was smothered by Lavigne clinch
ing. Both then rushed and swung
hard rights into the body. Lavigne
planted a hard one on the face, and
Tracey, realizing that the next move
vas up to him, flushed the "Kid's"
j mouth with a straight left, which
| raided Lavigne off his feet.
The later returned with a hard left
swing, which reached Tracey's chest as
he jumped away, though it was intend
ed for his head. Thus the round ended,
and after that the bout lost interest, as
no further damage was done up to the
end. Tracey danced away from any
prospective danger when the "Kid"
tried to bore through his guard, and
contented himself with a slight sem
blance of a return, though in fact he
spldom landed, and then only lightly.
The crowd commenced leaving the
arena before the twentieth round was
on, showing its lack of interest in the
fight. It was preconceived then that
Lavigne would get the decision by rea
son of his continual leading throughoutj
the contest and his apparent desire to
force the fighting. Tracey showed some
slight inclination to take a chance and
stand up and mix matters in the last
round, but in reality did not actually
do any more work than he had in any
of the previous ones. He countered La
vigne with a left on the body when the
"Kid" rushed in at the beginning, and
they duplicated the proceeding a rew
seconds later. Lavigne uppercut ior
the first time during the fight and land
ed flush on Tracey's neck, and the lat
ter threw his right into the body as
they clinched. Lavigne swung a wicked
left and missed, and tried his left
straight many times, only to meet
Tracey's block with his gloves and to
find him not there.
Thus the fight ended about as it be
gan, with neither man much distressed
and less hurt by any of the blows he
had received. It had been a pretty
sparring match, of leads, and blocks and
counters and pretty foot work, but
withal harmless in the extreme, and
the exhibition never once had the com
plexion of a prize fight, save for the
presence of the padded ring and the
principals within it.
After the men went to their corners
at the end of the bout, Tracey with trie
same smile on his face, half quizzing,
half tantalizing, that he wore through
out the contest. Referee McDonald
raised his hand and declared Lavigne
the victor, as he had done most of the
aggressive work. The announcement
was well received, the few hisses of
Tracey's backers being drowned in the
applause. But there were many in the
audience, also probably Tracey men,
who expressed themselves audibly on
the way out to the effect that a draw
would have been nearer right, and in
this they were supported by many
sports, who contended that Tracey's
dodging and ducking were as much a
part of the game as Lavigne's con
tinuous but ineffective leads. A draw
might have suited more of the bettors,
as then nobody would have been out
anything on the result; but on the
showing the men made, surh as it was,
Lavigne certainly earned the decision
as given.
The preliminary bout of the even-
Ing was between "Speck" Smith of the
Olympic Club and Fred Bell of the
Manhattan Club, the latter taking the
place of "Willie Cole, who was
billed to meet Smith. but was
obliged to withdraw at the eleventh
hour owing to a sprained ankle.
Smith and 801 l fought like demons
for three rounds of their ten round
bout, and several times during the
second and third rounds both men were
nearly out. At the end of the third the
fighting was so fierce that Police Cap
tain Gillen. fearing a serious ending,
ordered Referee Jimmy "Whalen to stop
the fight, which he did, declaring it a
draw Bell then had a shade the best
of it and would probably have won
had the match gone much further.
BETTING ON THE CONTEST.
Lavigne Was a Strong Favor
ite Up to the Time He
Entered the Ring.
Betting on the contest at Crowley's
and Corbett's poolrooms was very
spirited during the evening. Thousands
of dollars changed hands. Lavigne
was a strong favorite up to the time
of the closing of the pools The betting?
In the auction pools started at $10 to $S.
with the Saginaw Kid in the lead and
ended with Tracey on the short end at
2 to 1. The mutuals ran as follows:
Tickets.
Lavlgne from 1 to 6-226
Lavlgne from J to 12-530
Lavlgne from 13 to I<— 620
Lavigne from 18 and over-SOS
Tracey from 1 to 6— \.A
Tracey from 7 to 1£ ~ * l -
Tracey from 13 to 17—316
Tracey from 18 and over— sl3
The winning tickets will pay $3 90.
■ ♦ ■
Hardtmuth's "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil
will outlast three others. Try it. •
ENGLISH SHEEP DOGS.
In England and Scotland the fad for
sheep dogs is growing. As a compan
ion to a shepherd or stockman the old
English sheep dog, being easily trained
and at the same time steady and de
liberate in movement, cannot be beaten.
In Scotland sheep farming has been
carried on in parts isolated from hu
man habitation therefore the shepherd
and his collie are often separated from
human associations for a considerable
time. The collie is thus less of a
household dog than the bobtail, who,
being employed to herd, drive anjd
watch stock, to guard his master's
premises, drive trespassing stock away,
and, in fact, act as the friend and as
sociate of his master's family, has de
veloped that charming disposition
which ha* made him one of the best
of companions. Owners of sheep dogs
say gentleness goes farther in training
them than anything else.
ONE ON THE
As the representative of a Georgia
county which is always well represent
ed was leaving home to assume his
honorable duties one of his aged col
ored constituents said to him:
"Marse Ben, you gwine ter de Legiß
latur?"
"Yes, that's where I'm bound."
"En you gwine ter make laws for de
people?"
"That's what they tell me."
"Er, how much will you git a day fer
dat?"
"Four dollars."
"My Lawd!" exclaimed the aston
ished old man. "En dcs ter think— all
I gits is 40 cents a day fer plowln', en
only meat en bread fer pickin' cotton!"
— Atlanta Constitution.
Dr. Temple, the Archbishop of Can
terbury, and England's primate, is a
total abstainer, but he does not ask
those associated with him to shun
liquor. At a recent elaborate luncheon
which he gave to clergy and laity re
ports have it that there was much wine
and of a most excellent quality. He
himself drank tea. ,
TO DISCIPLINE
THE EXPRESS
COMPANIES
Propose to Use Mails
for Small Parcels.
UNCLE SAM AS A COMPETITOR
HOW THE GOVEBNMENT COULD
DO A 810 BUSINESS.
Efforts Being Made to Secure Lower
Bates on Postal Packages and
Have an International
System Established.
There is a movement on foot to punish
Wells-Fargo and the other express com
panies for having refused to stand their
share of the war revenue tax. This is
to be done by having the Government run
opposition in such a manner as to de
prive the companies of much of their
valuable patronage. The movement is
well under way in the East, and yes
terday it struck this city, at a meeting
of the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation. It came in the form of a long
letter from the Chamber of Commerce of
Detroit, Mich. The Eastern body asks
the local commercial bodies to join with
it In an effort to secure from the next
CongTess the passage of a bill providing
for lower parcel postage rates and an ex
tension of the system to foreign countries.
This is to be effected by having the
local bodies Induce the Pacifigc Coast Sen
ators and Representatives to support the
measure when it comes up for action.
The Congressional strength of the move
ment in the East is already considerable,
but the co-operation of those In the West
is also needed. Under the present sys
tem Uncle Sam carries parcels up to four
pounds in weight in the mails, for which
he charges at the rate of about 2 cents
per ounce. In England and Continental
Europe packages weighing as much as
twelve pounds are carried for a sum not
exceeding 25 cents. Nearly all of the
countries of Europe have arrangements
by which they receive and handle each
other's postal packages, under the same
conditions as in the country from which
they are shipped.
It is the desire of the Eastern merchants
to not only have the rates decreased, but
have It so that packages corresponding
in size to those carried in Europe may be
received and delivered by the postal ser
vice. It is further proposed to have the
system extended into the European coun
tries. The matter was discussed at length
by the directors of the local association
yesterday, and it was decided to comply
with the' wishes of the Detroit body.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
ecommended by phyfldano for family and
ledicinal use because it Is pure.
WHIST TOURNAMENT.
Preliminaries for the Fifth Meeting
of the Pacific Coast Association.
A preparatory tournament to the fifth
annual meeting of the Pacific Coc&t Whist
Association was hfld yesterday afternoon
and evening In the rooms of the San
Francisco Whist Club. 326 Post street, and
Trist Duplicate Whist Club, 711 Jones
street. Much enthusiasm was manifested
and the Interest displayed portends great
success for the next annual tournament.
At the Trist Club the highest average
In the pair contest was made by Mr. and
Mrs. "Edward Brown, who scored plus 7.
Next came Messrs. Richard and Lyser
with plus 4. There were seven tables rep
resented in the duplicate pairs.
At the San Francisco Club the prelim
inary play, or first half, in the contest be
tween ladies' teams of four for the Krebs
challenge trophy was won In the after
COLUMBUS WATERHOUSE EXPIRES.
Heart Failure Overcame Him at lowa Hill f Placer
County — His Career in California.
/">OLUMBUS WATERHOUSE, one of the prominent citizens of this city,
j and president of the firm of Waterhouse & Lester, died at lowa H>u.
U Placer County, early yesterday morning. His death was very ll(1(le "
and was the result of heart failure. The announcement of his demise
was received in this city by his youngest son, Edson Waterhouse.
Deceased was a prominent figure in business circles here ana
highly esteemed. His success was due to well-applied ener^' and *" '' cd '
combined with the practice of the highest moral principles. H e posee s.
a charitable nature and was kind to those who needed his assl " a p ' le - s
was for fifteen years a trustees of the Pacific Bank and of ** e cO n tro nn e d
Home Savings Bank. I^ter he bought the Big Dipper mine and controne
It until he died. . , s e<i_
He leaves a widow, two sons and a daughter to mourn mn ios. ..
son W. Waterhouse is vice-president of the firm of Waterhouse « —
and Seymour, the elder of his sons, holds the position or secret
daughter was formerly Mrs. D. S. Dorn. ,-vpnty-one years
Deceased was born in Addison County. Vermont. , s<n c "" tlme had
ago. He came to the promising West In 1850, and sinee _"" Mlsßion
built up an enduring business reputation. He was a mcm i wQr _
Lodge. F. and A. M.. and for three successive f % m * Masonic Temple,
shipful master. The funeral will take place to-day from Mason
on Mission street.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ..._".'.. ..'._..,_■; _._. ;
Sank ' °P en «■
Claus 10 to-night
has arrived at
here to meet little boys and girls this morning and this evening:
concert this afternoon 2 to 5, Bruck's orchestra.
program :
PART I. * * : ( PART I— Continued.
1. March. "Americalne" Ganne Horn* To-Night"; "Cake Walk,"
2. Waltz, "Madeleine" "Waldteufel ; etc
3. Overture, "Garden Festival" Carl I _ „
4. Air de Ballet, "Daphne" (the latest PART 11.
Eastern success) Puerner 7 Trombone solo "Torreador'B Song,
E. Selection from the popular favorite from the oDera "Carmen" Blzette
"The Chimes of Normandle" Soloist Mr. Greene.
• Planquette g. waltz, "Carnival's Children".. ...Zlerer
6. Medley, "The Best" Mackle 9 '"•-and selection. "lolanthe .^.Sullivan
Introducing: "Dear Mile Marie"; I 10. "At a GeorKia Camp Meeting^ •••• a J ms
"You May Regret Some Day": 11. Caprice, "Dawn of Love ..Crebest
"Make No Mistake" "The Swellest 12. March. "Thoroughbred" Herman
Thing in Town"; "At the Old "America."
opening of our big toy department; j
and display of furs in cloak dept. j
fur capes. seal collarette. I
electric seal capes, dfv,," l^) ladies' electric seal collarette with Imi-
tabs in front with 6 $&*£s{ tation moufflon collar and edged, <£ if\ *-,
English squirrel tails U^^^ | lined with purple satin -- - - Vj) 1 U \f
(as illustrated satin "
lined, very stylish, per- _^^30&£ZL
feet in fit, fin- <£ if\ electric sea! shoulder cape, with gray •
ish and fabric vj) 1 U vWMKgfnEfiHqSr fur edged collar and around bot- <J>«7
u flpaßV/ torn satin lined $ /
imitation astrachan VFS^rT '
12-inch cape, storm K ||| X
collar sat- (t\ A cr\ Among the large purchases made this I
in lined -- vpU.<JU JEkT >y\ fall in New York was a larger and better I
brown marten fur ffftSW \ assortment of (fine goods) furs than we |
cape, 12-inch storm /wtft \L | ever carried before :an exceptionally va- I
cellar, brocade<h |r) " ried range from $3.25 to $40 a garment : I
silk lined - - ' *P 1 L can only be appreciated upon inspection. I
here's health to Santa Claus, friend of girls and boys:
at Hale's his heart is full of mirth, his pack full of toys.
937 to 947 Market Street. I
if it's from Hale's it's seasonable.
noon by Golden Rod Team- No. 1. com
posed of Mesdames Krebs A. C. Taj lor,
M W Bell and F. Fredericks.
Thopair contest, in which seven teams
played: was won by Miss Blackwood and
Fl'vetlams entered for the Payot
trophy. thirst half of , was won
by the San Francisco Club, with a score
Club team-J. G. Button, J. H. Lewis. C.
matehSfw tricks. Mill Valley team:
James A Thompson. John G. v^ox. i*ev
erlv Letcher and Thomas ri. Reynolds.
Score 2 matches. 323 tricks Sacramento
team: Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Undley. Miss
Tenks and Mrs. George E. Bates; 2
matches. 319 tricks. California team: Mr
and Mrs. E. R. Washburn. G. F. Mott and
\V F Blehdon; 1% matches. 320 tricks.
Play. which has been conducted under
the Howell-Mitchell plan, will be con
cluded this afternoon and evening-. Prizes
will be awarded to the winner of every
C °This t evening the San Francisco Whist
Club will give its monthly reception Play
for the evening will be straight whist and
all whist pdayers are cordially invited.
The committee of arrangements for this
tournament consists of George E. Bates,
James A Thompson. Mrs. Alice Fred
ericks, John D. Eby and P. J. Tormey.
The Camera Club.
The California Camera Club hart
its annual "pay exhibition- in Met
ropolitan Temple last nißht. Con
trary to the usual custom of the
club stereoptieon views were in the
background entirely and vocal and instru
mental solos took their place. The event
was a great success.
(W.( W. D. HoweSls
contributes a IT £*„**
page Illustrated I CIS Lrts
"The Smoking Car," $£Sm« * m " >
Frank Leslie^s
Popular Monthly
Now SO cts.; $8 a Year.
BEAUTIFUL COVER la Colors by W. QRANVILLE SMITH.
Other Features— Richly Illustrated :
Bmprnm of Austria's Home, by John P. Bocock.
Cuban Bjgaaom, by Mrs. Frank Leslie.
April Bloom, (Serial) by Eoebtox Castls.
Naval IMvers, by Mrx>'A Ibvixg.
j The Praise of Coif, by W. $. Van T. StTTrncx.
■ lVOTnon Jonrnnlißts, by Cynthia. W. Aldks.
j Space Telegraphy, by Asthck V. Abbott, C. E.
I SPECIAL*— For 01. all the nnmberaof l"M9 ; the Nov.
I ail Dec. iß3iies of 1^03 ; and Art Plate, In ten oolorf ,
1 *'A Yard of Parades "or "A Yard of Puppies." For 25
eta., a three-months' trial subscription (Dec., Jan. and
jfeb.) together with either art plate. • -<•_•:.
Frank Leslie Publishing House, N.Y.
Copies Sold and Subscriptions Received by Xetcsriralers.
■I GOOD COOKS I
S HAVE USED IT §
| EORSO YEARS |
*4 . woB3 fi?*^b S&^D) j^
| p AND *
I bfl PERFECTLYPURE f;f)
! ONCE TRIED i
1 ALWAYS USE» j
I Fine Glassware I
Fine Pressed Table Goblets, 75c
dozen.
4-nleee Glass Sets— 2 styles, viz:
Butter. Sugar. Creamer and
Spooner • ** c
Plain Glass Butter Dishes.. 100
Fancy Pressed Butter Dishes.. 15c
50C "Worth of Postage Af>C
OUC Stamps for -e *V7W>
WILL & FINCK CO.,
• 820 MARKET ST., S. F.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
- Telephone < South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKJ&.
Tards at HOWARD AND BEAUB BTS.
"DR-MCNULTYi
rj-'HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Special Ist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Div
eases of Men only. Boole on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men. free.' Over 20y'm' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Houra9
to 3 dally; 6:3o to 8:30 Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul.
tation free and sacredly confidential. CaU.oraddraaa,
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D..
26% Kearny St., San Francisco. Cal.
Cl , 6 PAT£hiTS!. 3
MARKET ST.Sf.^SSB^