VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 11.
OLD GLORY PROBABLY WAVES
OVER THE LADRONE ISLANDS
A BJRDSEYE VIEW OF GUANTANAMO BAY, CAPTURED ON THE 7TH INST. BY TWO
VESSELS OF ADMIRAL SAMPSON'S FLEET.
This Shows the Town of Caimanera, the Fort and the Cable-houses in the Center. The Marblehead and Yankee, Which
Did the Work, Are Shown in the Foreground and the Spanish Warships in the Shallow Waters of the Distance.
WAR VESSELS
SIGHTED OFF
FORT MONROE
Presence of Spanish Craft
Signaled From Cape
Henry.
FORT MONROE, Va.. June 10.— It is reported
that a Spanish) battle-ship, two cruisers and a
torpedo-boat are lurking outside th)e capes, and
there is great activity at the fort to-nigbt. The
troops are sleeping by their guns and the
searchlights of the cruiser Minneapolis and an
auxiliary cruiser and the one at tfye fort are
playing on the water. All the officers at the ho
tels were called at midnight by a bugler and hur
ried to t^eir posts.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., June 11.— At roidnight
it was reported here trjat the Cape H^Qry signal
station r;ad sighted hostile styps outside of the
Virginia capes. Signals were flashed from the
station at Fort Monroe, and tfye report circulated
has thrown residents and guests at Old Point
Corofort into a state of excitement. No particu
lars car) be obtained at tr^is t)our.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va.,
June ii — 2 a. m. — A dispatch
just received from Fort Monroe
says:
Intense excitement was caused
at Fort Monroe last night short
ly after 9 o'clock by a dispatch
received from the signal station
at Cape Henry, stating that Span
ish warships were lurking in that
vicinity.
A short while later a message
was received from Washington
instructing the commander of the
fort to be on the alert.
L Rejjprjs as to- the niimfeerjrf
The San Francisco Call
ships seen conflict. A lieutenant
who was seen after midnight said
he had been informed that a
Spanish battleship, two cruisers
and a torpedo boat had been
caught under the searchlight of
Cape Henry, steaming from a
northerly direction.
As soon as it was reported that
the enemy's warships had been
sighted there was great activity
at the fort. The big searchlight
i began to sweep across the 'bay
and signals were flashed to the
cruiser Minneapolis, the auxiliary
.cruise* ; Dixie \ aivd^th^d^rjamiJ^
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1898.
BRAVE HOBSON
AND HIS MEN
NOT HARMED
Escaped Injury prom trje Arrjeri
carj Shells Trjat Struck Their
Prison at Santiago.
NEW YORK, June 10. — When the news was received
of the bombardment of the Santiago fortifications by the
American fleet on Monday no little anxiety was aroused
throughout the country lest some injury might by chance
have come to heroic Hobson and his brave men, who were
confined at'Morro Castle, at the entrance of Santiago harbor.
Fear that harm might have come to them was increased when
it was known that, in spite of Rear Admiral Sampson's or
ders that care be taken not to hit the part of the Morro
where they were supposed to be confined, some American
shells were thought to have hit the fortifications near their
quarters.
To settle all doubts on the subject the Herald tele
graphed to F. W. Ramsden, British Consul at Santiago, ask
ing him if he could kindly inform the friends of the prison
ers and the nation at large, through the Herald, how the pris
oners fared. To-day Mr. Ramsden sent in reply the following
dispatch:
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 10.
Herald, New York: Replying to your
telegram.— Hobson and men well cared for
by authorities. Have myself just seen him.
RAMSDEN.
cruiser Buffalo, which are an
chored off Old Point. Quarters
were sounded and the crews
hastily prepared the ships for ac
tion.
The gunners took positions at
their posts, where they were or
dered to remain during the night.
The ships' searchlights were kept
playing on the water.
In the fort ammunition was
hurried to the big guns, and
troops were ordered to their
posts. Some of the officers were
l^yith their families at the hote^
and buglers were dispatched for
them. The men scurried out of
the hotels half dressed and hast
ened to the fort. In the camp of
the Maryland troops orders were
given for the men to sleep in their
clothes with their guns close by.
A dispatch that came from
Washington, stating that one of
the vessels seen was probably a
German freighter, had a tendency
to allay the excitement among
the guests at the hotels, but the
officers did not relax their vigi
lance.
CAPTAIN GLASS
HAS ORDERS TO
SEIZE THE GROUP
Monterey Reported to Have Received
Instructions to Seize the Caro
lines While En Route.
NEW YORK, June 10.— The Herald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: There is reason to believe the monitor Monterey has work cut
out for her, and that she will seize the Caroline Islands. After having caused
the Spaniards to surrender, and left small garrisons to hold the islands
seized, the Monterey will proceed to Manila, where she will re-enforce Ad
miral Dewey. No interference with this programme is anticipated by the
authorities in view of the present condition of Spain and her inability to send
re-enforcements to the Far East.
NEW YORK, June 10. — The Herald's Washington correspondent telegraphs: It is said to
night that the American flag is flying over the Marianne or Ladrone Islands, a group belonging to
Spain, iooo miles to the east of the Philippines.
Under instructions given him before his departure from San Francisco, Captain Henry
Glass, commanding the cruiser Charleston, was directed to proceed to Guajan, the most important
of this group, the only island upon which Spain had a force of soldiers, and require the surrender
of the enemy's men and to take possession in the name of the United States.
I have known of this instruction since before the departure <
i of the Charleston from Mare Island, but have kept silent until
| now, when the instructions are undoubtedly carried out, because
i of the apprehensions of officials that the publication of the infor- \
[ mation would cause the Spaniards to re-enforce the garrison at <
• Guajan and thus make more difficult and dangerous the task of !
[ Captain Glass in conquering the island.
It was because of the necessity of having a landing force that the Charleston waited at Hon
olulu for the arrival of the transports with troops aboard. The troops were under command of
Major General Anderson, and he was directed before his departure from San Francisco to co
operate with Captain Glass in accomplishing the defeat of the Spanish force in the Ladrone
Islands.
No doubt exists in official circles that the Charleston by this time has reached Guajan.
During the run from San Francisco to Honolulu she made an average of 300 miles a day, and on
one or two occasions made 350 miles. Proceeding at her average rate — the rate which a trans
port will easily be able to maintain, it is estimated by the officials that she would have made the
3000 miles separating the Hawaiian Islands and Guajan in ten days.
If, as is believed, she left Honolulu on May 31, she has thus covered the distance, and by
now has taken possession of the island. It is not believed the American force had much difficulty in
taking Guajan. The Spaniards have two small forts at the island, and just*before the war broke out
sent a few guns and troops to re-enforce the garrisons. These are not believed to have been
large enough to have given any trouble to the American forces.
; : : ■' ■■■..,-■:#■■■ .' •■■ :■ : \ — - — — ,;., . ; V ■''.■-■■
SEIZURE OF ISLANDS
ON THE PROGRAMMED
-
Charleston Expected to Take Pos
session of a Coaling Station
for Monitors.
WASHINGTON, June 10.—
The statement that the real ob
ject of the Charleston's voyage
was the seizure of the Spanish
Ladrone Islands has a basis of
truth in it.
When it was decided to send
the Monterey and Monadnock j
THE BANK OF SPAIN AT MADRID, THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTION ON. WHICH THE SPANISH GOVERNMENT
DEPENDS FOR ITS FUNDS TO CARRY ON ITS WAR OPERATIONS
clear across the Pacific from
Mare Island to Manila, it was
well known that this could not
be done without sending along
coalers, because of the insufficient
coal supply of the monitors. It
was not deemed practicable to
tow the big ironclads the 4000
miles of the voyage that would
have to be traversed by them
without coal, so it became neces
sary to find places in the Pacific
where they could replenish jheir
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
bunkers. A study of the charts
showed that there were several
groups of islands lying between
Hawaii and the Philippines which
| might afford a harbor in which
i the colliers could lay alongside
the monitors and fill up their coal
bunkers.
The officials do not deem it
prudent to name the particular
islands chosen for the purpose,
but it is obvious that, being
barred by neutrality laws from2
HAVANA REPORTS
SPANISH VICTORY
Copyright, IS9S, by James Gordon Ben
nett.
HAVANA, June 10. — There
was no further bombardment
of Santiago de Cuba to-day,
but some American ships
fired several shots on Dai
quiri, about thirty miles
from Santiago de Cuba,
where are some mines
owned by Americans.
Colonel Aldea, who has
been operating in the prov
ince of Santiago de Cuba,
routed the insurgents in bat
tle at Monterea. The bodies
of fourteen insurgents were
left on the field.
the possessions of neutral coun
tries, the first course of the Xavy
Department would be to seize
some Spanish islands, such as the
Ladrones or the Carolines.
Therefore, it is assumed that if
the Charleston really goes to one
of the former islands it will be
with the purpose of securing in
advance a suitable harbor for the
use of the monitors.
DECKLOAD OF COAL
WASHED OVERBOARD
So the Monitor Monterey and Collier
Brutus Put Into San Diego for a
Fresh Supply.
ON BOARD THE MONITOR
MONTEREY IN SAN DIEGO
HARBOR. June io.— The United
States monitor Monterey, which left
San Francisco on Tuesday afternoon
for Manila in company with the collier
Brutus, came to anchor in the harbor
here this afternoon with most of her
deckload of coal gone and her bunkers
about half empty. The monitor, after
she passed the lightship off San Fran
cisco harbor, squared away in the regu
lar steamer course for Honolulu. There
was a fresh northwest breeze blowing
and a moderate beam sea running when
she passed out that kept her deck fore
and aft awash, but she steamed alone:
at a good clip, and her officers were
jubilant at a prospect of making the
Hawaiian Islands in less than ten days.
Shortly before dark the Brutus began
to show signs of distress. She was well
astern of the monitor, and at times she
would swing from her course until she
presented her full broadside to the
Monterey. First she would swine to
port, then to starboard, and once she
made a complete circle. She was too
far distant for her signals to be read,
and on the monitor it was^lhought that
she had become disabled. The Monterey
was turned back and headed for her, and
just when darkness was setting in the
two vessels were near enough to use
the wigwag signal, and tnen it was in
ferred that her steering gear had given
way. An hour later the Brutus flashed
a signal that repairs had been made, and
again the two vessels stood away on
their course to Honolulu.
During all this time the wind was in
creasing in violence, and by midnight it
was blowing half a gale. Big green
seas were rolling and tumbling from I
starboard to port across her decks. '
and on several occasions huere combers
washed over the tops of her turrets.
Every sea that came aboard her had a
most destructive effect on the oiles of j
sacked coal that were lashed about heF j
turrets.
At midnight several sacks on each
pile on the starboard side had gone
over the side, and with their departure
the lashings that held their companions
were weakened. The vessel was put
under slower speed with a hope of sav
ing what was left. For a couph of hours
all went well and the storm showed
signs of abating. Just before daybreak
of Wednesday, however, when Captain
Leutze was congratulating himself on
having saved the deckload from the
storm, a huge wave, seemingly greater
than any during the night, thun
dered at the vessel and broke squarely
over the side. Amid the tumult of wa
ter that washed over the deck there
came a snapping of ropes and wire
cables, and when, the steamer lifted from
the sea her starboard side from stem
to stern was clear of its deckload.
The vessel was swung with her stern
to the seas and all hands were called
to secure what little was left on the port
side. Scarcely a third of her deckload
remained, and it was estimated that
about 125 tons of her coal supply had
been lost.
Captain Leutze decided that his
wisest course then lay in running before
the seas to San Diego, there recoal and
make another start for Honolulu.
Although more than ninety miles fur
ther from Honolulu than when he left
San Francisco, the commander finds
consolation in the thought that by tak
ing the southern route to the Hawaiian
Islands the vessel will be less apt to
meet with unfavorable weather and at
the same time fall in with the north
east trades sooner after clearing the
land.
On the way down the coast, and when
in the Santa Barbara channel, an ex
periment was made with the Brutus as
a towboat. The collier hauled the Mon
terey during the greater part of Thurs
day afternoon at a little over seven
knots an hour, and as a result- of the ex
periment the Monterey's officers were
of the opinion that the coast defense
vessel would have no difficulty in reach
ing the Philippines in a shorter time
than was anticipated and in good condi
tion.. The Monterey will sail from here
to-morrow afternoon.
ALFRED DIXON. .
DESCRIPTION OF THE
ISLANDS TO BE TAKEN.
Besides the Philippines, Spain claims
sovereignty over two other groups of
UPHEAVAL
THREATENED
IN SPAIN
Socialists and Anarchists
Plot to Overthrow the
Monarchy.
Working People, Ground Down
by Excessive Taxation, Are
Ready for Rebellion,
Copyrlgrhted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
GRANADA, Spain, June 10.— A politi
cal personage with whom I had the
honor of conversing in Madrid did not
conceal the facts of the present situa
tion, that an active propaganda was
being carried on in industrial centers
by socialists and agitators. The Span-
ish Government feared a serious ris
ing in these centers, I was told. Sev
eral questions, among others the bread
and silver questions, had created dis
content among the miners and factory
hands of Andalusia, and it was feared
that the effervescence anticipated be
fore long in Madrid would first breakout
in Andalusia and spread like a spot of
oil through the peninsula.
That is why I have left for the mo
ment the capital, where everything is
quiet, and have come to make an in
vestigation on the spot from Linares
to Guadia, obtaining information es
pecially from the managers of various
enterprises and from workmen of in
dustrial districts.
Andalusia, which extends from Li
nares to Guadia by way of Balmes,
employs 25,000 men, without counting
those at fourteen sugar factories round
Granada. It is thought here that the
Socialists still carry on an active prop
aganda. Close surveillance has been
ordered by the Government, which has
everything to fear from these men,
islands in the Pacific, quite as numer
ous, though not so great in area nor so |
populous as the "Pearls of the Indies,"
which Dewey has just added to Uncle
Sam's string.
The one group, the Ladrones, or the
Mariana Islands, was the first group
met by Magellan as he crossed the
broad Pacific in his voyage around the
world in 1521, ten days before he dis
covered the island of Zebra of the Phil
ippine group and met his death at Mac
tan. This group is some 1200 miles east
of the nearest point of the Philippines
and comprises seventeen islands with
a large number of islets and reefs. The
chain stretches from north to south be
tween 144 and 148 degrees E. longitude
for some 600 miles, and they are esti
mated by Behren and Wagner, the Ger
man geographers, to have a total area j
of 560 square miles.
At the time of the first occupation by I
the Spaniards the native population, j
composed of Indonesian and Papuan i
races, was estimated at over 80,000 souls, |
but the present population composed |
mostly of half-breeds hardly exceeds
that number.
The capital and chief town is Agana,
on the island of Guam. This group,
with the Carolines, is under the juris
diction of the Governor-General of the
Philippines.
All these are of volcanic origin and
some of them rise to a height of 2000
feet.
The name "Carolines" is applied to
'. the whole of the widely scattered aich
ipelago lying between 3 degrees and 11
minutes north latitude and stretching
from 135 degrees to 177 degrees east j
longitude, or through some 2500 miles
I right over the equator.
Until lately the Spanish have claimed
j the whole, but the eastern part, known
as the Mulgrave Archipelago, composed
of the Gilbert and Marshall groups, are
now claimed by Germany, leaving to
Spain the central gfoup, or the Caro
lines proper, and the western gro in,
known as the Pelew Islands. This
group, though five in number, has one
island, Babelthaup, with an area of
275 square miles, while the area of all
is some 350 square miles. The popu
lation is about 14,000. They are of a
dark copper color and are of Malay and
Papuan origin. Every village is a sep
arate and distinct republic. Though
the nearest to the Philippines they
know at the present day but little, ex
cept in name, of Spanish rule.
The Carolines proper, called after
Charles II of Spain, consist of forty
eight distinct gro.ups comprising a to
tal of some 500 islands with a large
number of islets and reefs. Of these
Ualan on the far east and Puynipet and
Rug, to the west, have an area of some
330 square miles, while all the rest are
less 'than 40 square miles in extent.
This archipelago is known as the
"New Philippines, and from Ngoli on
the west to Ualan on the extreme east
the distance is about ISOO miles with an
average breadth of 350 miles. They are
mostly of coraline formation and gen
erally low, though some of them, Ruk,
Ualan and Ponapi, attain a consider
able height, the latter being some 2860
feet high.
The fauna is poor, but the vegetation
is luxuriant. The population, mostly
of Indonesian stock, is estimated at
30,000, two-thirds of whom live in the
three islands of Ruk, Yap and Panapi.
Yap is the center of administration for
the whole.
Red Cross Societies Formed.
SANTA ROSA, June 10.— At a mass
meeting this afternoon a Red Cross so
ciety was organized. Rev. L. D. Rath
bone was elected president and Herbert
Slater secretary.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. June 10.— A Red
Cross society has been organized at
Cayucos with the following officers:
Mrs. Mary J. Stewart, president; Mrs.
A. Borroughs, vice-president; Mrs. H.
K. Caas, secretary; Mrs. A. K. Hardle,
treasurer, and Miss Slocombe, financial
secretary.
Santa Ynez Recruits.
LOS OLIVOS.June 10.— An enthusias
tic recruiting rally was held at Santa
Ynez to-night. Quite a number of re
cruits for the Santa Barbara Cavalry
Regiment were enrolled. Music was
supplied by Los Ollvos' Cornet Band.
Says the Cable Is Not Cut.
MADRID, June 10.— The Spanish For
eign Minister says the cable to San
tiago de Cuba has not been cut. He
adds that he received dispatches from
there this morning.
General Miles, commander-in-chief
of the United States army, explains
the lessons of the present war in next
Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRAJS CISCO CA.LL, ;:«ATUitj>A:Y', JU.N.K 11, 18»».
■whose discontent may be excusable,
since they are crushed by hard work,
are ill paid and merely looked upon as
human machines to be made the most
of.
I found, however, very different opin
ions in the district of Linares, where
lead mines are worked. Socialism, even
anarchy, reigns over the majority. So
cialists and anarchists are very numer
ous. They are violently and irreconcil
ably opposed to monarchy, whether it
be the Queen Regent or Don Carlos.
They are revolutionary republicans,
and if an opportunity occurred would
stick at nothing to procure the triumph
of the cause they defend.
The war itself is not discussed. "Work
ingmen pay no more attention to it
than if it did not exist. I should be
surprised even if some workers were
ignorant that Spain was in armed con
flict with the United States. It is only
the consequences of war, the rise in
prices, increase in taxation and the
money crisis that specially affect the
lower classes and country people. Their
discontent is confined to this. What are
Cuba and the Philippines to them?
These colonies never brought them any
thing and do not concern them.
It may well come to pass that the up
heaval which threatens SpaJn may start
from Linares, where the bitterest op
ponents of the existing regime are ad
mirably organized. At present the
storm is muttering, and when it bursts
its effect will be. terrible. It will have
an unfortunate echo through the realm
which numbers many malcontents,
whatever is said to conceal the truth.
GOLD-SEEKERS
TURNING BACK
Stickeen River Route
Impassable.
DOZENS OF BOATS STALLED
MANY DISASTERS IN WHITE
HORSE RAPIDS.
Argonauts' Craft Capsized by the
Bocks That Jut Up in tha
Swift and Narrow
Current.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, June 10.— The steamship
Rosalie arrived in port to-night from
Lynn Canal and Wrangel with 130 pas
sengers. They report that the Stick
een River route is about impassable
and scores of gold-seekers are turning
back every day. High water is the
worst hindrance encountered, and at
the present time dozens of river boats
are tied up along the banks of the
Stickeen. The route between Glenora
and Lake Teslin also is reported to be
in very bad condition.
News from Lake Bennett was received
at Skaguay just before the departure
of the Rosalie to the effect that the
rwks along the White Horse Rapids
are playing havoc with the boats bound
for Dawson. Up to May 2i, when A. L.
Hall left the rapids on his way to
Skaguay, forty craft of various kinds
had been wrecked in the narrow, dan
gerous passage. Abundant precautions
for the saving of life had been taken,
so that all the passengers were rescued.
Very little freight was saved. The
river at Fifty Mile is unusually low.
Hall reports a new placer strike in
a draw on the shore of Lake March,
about eight miles from the head of
Fifty Mile River. Nearly all of the
ground in this vicinity has already
been staked off, although bedrock has
not been reached.
The Japanese steamship Amur, which
reached Skaguay on June 5 from Vic
toria, is now bringing down the crew
of the river steamer Iskoot, which is
a wreck in Kum Ea Ton Bay. It is
probable the Amur will strip the wreck.
EXODUS TO ALASKA
BY THE WATER ROUTE.
Several Steamships Scheduled to Sail
From oeattle With Passengers
and Freight.
SEATTLE, June 19.— The exodus of gold
seekers to Alaska via the all-water route
will commence ■•■ in ■ earnest - from i Seattle
to-morrow. The steamer >- Alliance •: will
start : with a large number of passengers-
? n< L an o i unprecedented ? consignment of
United States < mall. There are over 9000
letters and IS.OOu papers for various point*
on 'v t J22-- Yukon - C; * The steamer - Roanoke,
with Hi passengers, will ; leave f or : St Mi
chael ion ■ Sunday, . to •be folio ;by sev
eral other steamers during. the week :^' v
The steamer Protection left to-night for
Ska A uay . with .freight ; only. It consisted
of fifty tons of giant powder, 200 tons of
steel rails and other material to be used
in the construction of • the . new ; railroad
from ; Skaguay to Lake Bennett.
Guarding Powder Works.
SANTA CRUZ, June 10.— Company F
of the Sixth Regiment of California
Volunteers, Captain Lueey in command,
arrived this evening and will assume
the duty of guarding the powder works
of the California Powder Company near
this city. The company has a full com
plement of men. It will remain at the
works as long as the Government deems
its services necessary. It is under strict
orders to guard against treachery and
will not allow any person to enter the
grounds unless he has a pass from the
superintendent of the works. During
the company's stay here It will receive
ail iv außDlies from the Presidio.
NOW GOES TO
THE PRESIDENT
Warßevenue Bill Finally
Passed.
SENATE'S ACTION DECISIVE
ALL CHARGES OF CONFEREES
ARE ACCEPTED.
Those Who Voted Against the Meas
ure Are Opposed to an Increase
of the Interest-Searing
Debt.
Special Dispatch to Tha CalJ.
Ayes, 43; noes, 22.
For the bill — Every Repub
lican Senator, one silver Sen
ator, eight Democrats and
one Independent.
Against the bill— Sixteen
Democrats, three silver Re
publicans and three Popu
lists.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 10.
Shortly before 4 o'clock this after
noon the conference report on the war
revenue bill was agreed to by the Sen
ate after a discussion lasting four
hours. The debate on the measure was
without special Interest and" was en
tirely devoid of acrimonious features.
The debate indicated generally that the
bill as agreed upon by the conferees
was reasonably satisfactory to every
body except as to the bond provision.
The votes cast against the adoption of
the report reflected the opinions of
those Senators who are opposed to any
increase in the interest-bearing debt of
the country.
The report was agreed to by the de
cisive vote of 43 to 22. Every Republi
can voted for the measure, and their
votes were supplemented by those of
eight Democrats, one Silver Republican
and one independent. The Democrats
who voted for the adoption of the re
port were: Caffery, Gorman, Lindsay,
McEnery, Mitchell, Morgan, Murphy
and Turpie; the Silver Republican was
Mantle and the independent was Kyle.
The vote against the report was cast
by sixteen democrats, three Silver Re
publicans and three Populists.
As soon as the engrossed bill can be
signed by the presiding officers of the
two branches of Congress It will be
sent to the President.
Just at the close of the session this
evening a bitter personal discussion
was precipitated by Butler (Pop.) of
North Carolina, who attacked Kyle for
having voted for the issuance of bonds.
Butler, speaking as the chairman of the
Populist National Committee, officially
declared that Kyle did not represent
the Populist party. Kyle replied warm
ly, saying that he was responsible for
his political actions, not to Butler, but
to his conscience and to his constitu
ents.
PLANS TO COLLECT
THE NEW WAR TAX
There Is Much Hard Work Ahead for
the Bureau of Internal
Revenue.
"WASHINGTON. June 10.— The Bu
reau of Internal Revenue is now busily
engaged in preparations for the en
forcemeut of the war revenue bill,
which, it is expected, will become a law
in the same form as passed by the
House. Nearly the entire work in
volved will fall upon the internal rev
enue service, the exceptions being the
bond issue and the coinage of the sil
ver in the Treasury. The increased tax
upon beer that has been removed from
the brewery premises and stored will
be collected by assessment, as will also
the additional tax of 3 cents per pound
imposed on stocks of tobacco outside of
factory premises and the additional tax
on cigars and cigarettes, where such
stocks of tobacco, snuffs, cigars and ci
garettes are in excess of the exempted
quantities — that is to say, 1000 pounds
of manufactured tobacco and snuff
and 20,000 cigars and cigarettes.
While the collection of the above
taxes by assessment, instead of the af
nxiner of additional stamps, will greatly
simplify the work in this connection,
yet there are many blanks to be pre
pared, printed and distributed within
the thirty days allowed, in which those
interested are required to make returns
upon their stocks on hand.
The hardest problem presented to the
Commissioner, however, is the prepar
ation of designs and the printing of the
vast quantity of stamps which will be
required for the schedules A and B,
under which stamps are required for
almost every character of commercial
transaction from the ordinary bank
check to the first mortgage bond of a
trunk line railway.
Another problem will be the devising
of methods and regulations for the
taxing and supervising of what is
known in the bill as "mixed flour."
SWORD FORDEWEY AND
MEDALS FOR HIS MEN.
Board Appointed to Put Into Effect
the Joint Resolution Passed
by Congress.
NEW YORK, June 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Secre
tary Long has taken measures to carry
out the provisions of the joint resolu
tion of Congress conferring the thanks
of that body upon Admiral Dewey and
'directing the presentation of a sword
to that officer and medals to the offi
cers and men under his command. To
decide upon the design for these medals
the Secretary has appointed a board,
with Assistant Secretary Allen as its
president and Senator Henry Lodge of
Massachusetts and Professor Marshall
Oliver, U. S. N., as members. This is
Mr. Long's letter to Mr. Allen:
Referring to joint resolution No. 38, au
thorizing the Secretary of the Navy to
present a sword of honor to Commodore
George Dewey, and to cause to be struck
bronze medals commemorating the battle
of Manila Bay, and to distribute such
rjcdals to the officers and men of the
ships of the Asiatic station of the United
States, approved June 3, 1898, I have the
honor to request that in association wltn
Hon. Henry Cabot Lodge, United States
Senator from the State of Massachu
setts, who has kindly consented to serve
the department in this matter, and Pro
fessor Marshall Oliver, U. S. N., you will
consider and report suitable designs for
the sword and medals provided In said
resolution, together with the cost of the
same. Please advise fully with Senator
Lodge in the matter ana arrange with
him for meetings of the committee at
such times and places as may be Con
venient to hlrn,
LED TO COLD
BY AN INDIAN
Prospectors Tell of a
Remarkable Find.
BRITISH COLUMBIA BONANZA
EETUBN LADEN WITH YELLOW-
SEAMED QUARTZ.
Claim They Discovered an El Dorado
After, the Death of Their
Guide Had Been
Decreed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, June 10.— One of the
roughest looking parties that ever came
out of the gold regions reached here last
night and stopped at the Granville Hotel.
Their clothes were in tatters, their hands
and faces blistered terribly by the sun,
and their frames mere skeletons. Their
outfit consisted solely of a few firearms
and aeveral bulgy looking canvas sacks.
In spite of their woe-begone appearance
the strangers seemed cheerful, and if the
story they tell is true they have every
reason to be.
The sacks contained quartz which upon
being assayed here went $900 to the ton,
and they claim it was not picked. Theirs
is the most marvelous story ever brought
from the gold regions. It seems almost
incredible, but every member of the party
tells it with an air of sincerity.
In January last Ferguson Melville. M.
E., R. M. Ferguson of Seattle, John
Gardiner of Boston and Henry Condon of
Minneapolis started from Seattle for the
Cariboo country to discover the mother
lode. They had abundant provisions and
a good outfit. They reached Ashcroft in
February and struck due north. At the
Indian village of Pan Van on the trail
they met a young buck named Charles
Brunei, a graduate of the Carlisle Indian
College, Pennsylvania, and a cousin of
Sitting Bull, who stated he could guide
them to a mountain of gold 300 miles
north.
The party jumped at the bait and the
Indian led them a weary march 400 miles
north, toward what is known as the un
explored country. Day after day the
party was kept in compfete ignorance of
their location and depended solely on
Brunei. The latter kept up their hopes
by stories of the golden mountain, and
lured them further into the wilds. Dis
aster followed the party, for in fording
a mountain stream they lost most of their
outfit. When sixty days out of Ashcroft
they began to suspect the Indian and
threatened him with death if gold was
not found within three days. Brunei then
struck d^ie west, toward the coast range.
For a week the men traveled with little
food, and became mere skeletons. Twice
they were attacked by grizzly bears, and
a night watch was kept to guard against
mountain lions and wolves, which were
numerous.
At the expiration of three days' grace
given the Indian, and upon his failure
to find any gold, the party held a coun
cil of war and decided to shoot him. The
buck held to his original story and
showed no signs of fear. This was three
weeks ago and the party was then near
the coast range. Another day was given
the Indian and he used it in taking them
to an immense body of rock on the shore
of a small lake about 200 miles north of
this city.
There he pointed out what appeared to
be glittering gold on the surface of the
rocks. Two of the party, inexperienced
miners, fairly hugged the Indian, and
were about to gather in the supposed
vast riches, when Melville told them
that it was but "tenderfoot pride," a
bicarbonate of mica.
Now comes the strangest part of their
strange trip. The death of the Indian
was fully decided upon, and one of the
party was deputed to shoot him. He was
to die at nightfall. During the day Mel
ville prospected around the spot, and he
claims to have made a marvelous find
not 100 yards from where the false gold
was found. He brings his $700 in quartz
to substantiate his story.
Needless to say, the Indian's life was
saved, and the party gathered consider
able quartz and started for civilization,
reaching here last night. They estimate
they have traveled SOO ■ miles of rough
country and have fairly cornered a good
fortune. Melville, of course, will not tell
the location of his find.
The men will return next week and ex
pect to remain until next December. Bru
nei, in Indian fashion, got drunk
reaching here, and the others are keeping
guard over him to see that he does not
reveal their secret to outsiders.
ADMIRAL CERVERA
IS DULY WARNED.
Told That if He Destroys His licet
Spain Will Have, to Pay Addi
tional Indemnity.
WASHINGTON, June 10.— The Navy
Department has sent orders to Admiral
Sampson to notify Admiral Cervera
that if the latter destroys his four ar
mored cruisers and two torpedo de
stroyers to prevent their falling into
our hands Spain at the end of the war
will be made to pay an additional in
demnity at least equivalent to the
value of those vessels.
It has been realized all along that the
Spanish admiral, rather than permit
his fine fleet to be added to the United
States navy, might at the last moment,
when he saw that further resistance
was useless, prefer to blow it up. It
was assumed at first that if Cervera
cared to do this nothing could be done
to prevent it. Even now he may prefer
to send his ships to the bottom and let
this country exact such reparation as
it may p<v> fit. The Navy Department
hopes, however, to convince him by the
foregoing argument of the folly of do
ing anything so rash.
COMMANDERS OF TWO
SHIPS ARE INVALIDED
Harrington of the Puritan and Ever-
ett of the Mangrove on the
Sick List.
NEW YORK, June 10.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: On
account^ of the terrific strain and the
heat under which they have been la
boring in Cuban waters since the be
ginning of the war, Captain Purnell F.
Harrington, who, for more than a year,
has been in command of the Puritan,
and Lieutenant-Commander W. U.
Everett, whose command was the Man
grove, have been compelled to seek
treatment in the Naval Hospital at Key
West.
Orders issued to-da" direct Captain
Frederick Rodgers, formerly president
of the Auxiliary Cruiser Board, to take
command of the Puritan. A dispatch
received from Key West announced
that Lieutenant John W. Stewart, ex
ecutive officer of the Lancaster, had
been assigned by Commodore Remey to
command the Mangrove,
HAVANA'S DEFENDERS
IN .WANT OF FOOD
Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 10.-The British cruiser Talbot has ar
rived here. She left Havana on Tuesday with thirty-eight English
passengers, ten of whom were women. The women included members
of the British Red Cross Society.
The passengers report Havana quiet. Food is scarce and this is par
ticularly true of flour. More than half the bakeries are closed, and
others, which are only filling outstanding contracts, expect to close
within a few days. One bakery was besieged by a mob, and when it
closed 260 persons inside the shop were clamoring for the privilege of
purchasing bread.
Eggs are now a luxury, and have been taken from the regular
menu at the hotels. They are supplied only at large extra cost.
The Spanish soldiers are grumbling that they are starved and the
Government owes all of them from nine to twelve months' pay.
Petty officials live by extorting blackmail and demanding extra
charges on everything. Meat is plentiful, as 800 cattle were recently
landed at Batabano. Paper is worth 14 to 16 per cent of its value and
a centen is worth $9 in silver.
Captain Blanco is endeavoring to encourage the citizens with bom
bastic bulletins, reporting American defeats. He has issued orders
prohibiting the dealers from raising the price of food but it has had
little effect.
FORMIDABLE FLEET
TO ACT AS CONVOY
Guarding Against Danger of Attack
Upon the Transports by Spanish
Ships.
WASHINGTON, June 10.— Another
formidable American fleet has been as
sembled, consisting of sixteen warships
of various classes, headed by the big
battleship Indiana, which, for all-round
effectiveness, stands at the head of the
navy. This fleet is assembled at Port
Tampa, and is to serve as a convoy for
the transports from that purt. The for
mation of this formidable convoy fleet
is due to reports, more or less indefinite,
that Spanish warships were lurking be
tween Florida and Cuba with a view of
intercepting the transports. In order to
avoid the slightest possibility of a dem
onstration by Spanish ships against the
troop ships this new fleet . of sixteen
warships was determined upon.
This powerful fleet of convoys is
strong enough, both in number of ships,
also in individual ships and armament,
to cope with any Spanish ships that
might be at large, and it entirely elim
inates any possible danger that might
attend the transporting of the army of
invasion to Cuba.
Captain Taylor, who commands the
Indiana, is available as commander of
this squadron, although it is not dis
closed definitely who will be its chief.
Commodore Watson is with the block
ading fleet off Havana, and cannot well
be spared from that position, which will
be maintained efficiently, notwithstand
ing the drafts made to create this large
convoy squadron. Captain Taylor is re
garded as one of the most judicious and
capable officers in the service, and
should the squadron command fall on
him, it is felt that it will be in able
hands. The Indiana will probably be
the flagship of the convoy squadron.
There probably will be other battle
ships, but it is not deemed advisable,
for prudential reasons, to give the full
list.
The Indiana is one of the most for
midable ships afloat, being regarded by
naval experts as superior, as a fighting
machine, to the ships of the Terrible
class in the British navy. She has a
displacement of 10,288 tons and has a
main battery of sixteen large guns, be
sides many smaller rapid-fire and ma
chine guns in her secondary battery.
Her largest guns are of the 13-inch
class, four in number, mounted in tur
rets, two forward and two aft.
The desirability of forming this fleet
was suggested by information, coming
through official channels, that Spanish
ships left Barcelona some days ago,
bound for Cuban waters. This infor
mation came to the State Department.
It was to the effect that the ships in
cluded three Spanish warships and one
transport. The information was re
garded as trustworthy. It was commu
nicated to the Navy Department and
led to careful consideration. A little
later came the report from the ships
off Florida that suspicious looking ves
sels with military tops had been seen in
the offiing. These last reports were re
ceived with some credulity, but naval
officers were disposed to dismiss them
as myths. They were treated lightly,
and some of the officials spoke of the
matter as another case of the phantom
ship, the Flying Dutchman. But the
better advised ones, knowing of the re
ports as to the sailing of Spanish ships
from Barcelona, looked upon the mat
ter as one which should not be consid
ered too lightly. A single troop trans
port, carrying no armor, might be at
the mercy of some stray Spanish ship,
and there was no purpose to hazard the
lives of fifteen hundred men on any of
our ships when reports came from two
widely separated sources, one of them
quite in detail, of the approach of the
SpaniFh ships.
Besides the fleet of sixteen convoy
vessels there will be from thirty to fifty
transport ships, making in all a re
markable flotilla.
The War Department to-day gave out
an official list of the transports thus far
hired in order to clear up erroneous re
ports. The list shows fifty ships char
tered along the Atlantic coast and ten
on the Pacific. Those along the Atlan
tic will be used, in the main, for em
barking troops from Florida and those
on the Pacific for the troops going to
Manila.
TALK OF EUROPEAN
INTERVENTION REVIVED.
Belief in Vienna That the Russian
Government Soon Will Take the
Initiative.
VIENNA. June 10.— The Government
has decided not to initiate mediation
between the United States and Spain,
as it wishes to avoid the appearance
of making intervention seem only a
dynastic action in the interest of the
Queen Regent, which might perhaps
give fatal offense.
Nevertheless a decided opinion is
held that the time for intervention Is
very near at hand, although a hesita
tion to take the first step is evident
everywhere. The probability is that
Russia will undertake the initiative
within one or two days.
It is known that the American Gov
ernment has become more approacha
ble on the subject of intervention. With
regard to the Philippines, no doubt ex
ists in official minds in Vienna that
the islands cannot remain in the hands
of America. The insurgents there re
ject all foreign control, and, moreover,
it is scarcely conceivable that America
could provide a sufficient force to en
able her to take full possession of so
extensive a group of islands. The prob
ability is that the powers will find a
way out of the difficulty by re-estab
lishing a sort of protectorate, which
perhaps England might undertake.
One fact, however, is incontroverti
ble: The united Cabinet are agreed
that the Philippines must remain an
open market for the commerce of the
world.
MADRID, June 10.— It is reported
Germany will propose a meeting of the
European conference to discuss the
question of the Philippines. An inter
view which the German Bmbaaßador,
.Count de Radowitz, baa bad with Duka
Alrnodovar de Rio, Minister of Foreign
Affairs, has provoked general comment.
INSTRUCTIONS TO GUIDE
RECRUITING OFFICERS
Conditions TJnder Which Volunteers
May Be Accepted for the Second
XJall.
WASHINGTON, June 10.-The War
Department has just issued instruc
tions for the guidance of the officers of
volunteers detailed to recruit for their
own organization to fill them to the
maximum figure under the second call
of the President for 75,000 men. Appli
cants for enlistment must be between
18 and 45 years of age, of good charac
ter and habits, able-bodied, free from
disease and must be able to speak the
i^ngush language. Married men will
pc enlisted only upon the approval of
the regimental commander. Minors
must not be enlisted without the writ
ten consent of a parent or guardian,
me term of service is two years. For
infantry and artillery the weight must
"Pt fae le ss than 120 and not more than
190 pounds, and for cavalry the weight
is not to exceed 165 pounds, though re
cruiting officers are authorized in their
discretion to accept desirable appli
cants ten pounds or less overweight or
underweight.
For a regiment the maximum of all
grades, commissioned and enlisted,
must not exceed 1326 infantry or 1255
in cavalry. For a company the maxi
mum of all grades is 106 in infantry,
100 in cavalry, 173 in field artillery and
200 in heavy artillery. Wherever prac
ticable tfie choice by an accepted ap
plicant of a particular company of the
regiment or other organization for
which the recruiting officer is making
enlistments should be respected.
WOULD ENLIST CHINESE .
ON THE PHILIPPINES
CLEVELAND, June 10.— Dr. Joseph
F. Chan, a Chinese physician, highly
educated and a naturalized citizen, re
siding here, has conceived a novel plan
for rendering assistance to the United
States in driving the Spaniards from
the Philippine Islands and has offered'
his services to the Government to aid
in carrying out the plan.
Dr. Chan proposes to enlist in the
United States regular army or to re
ceive an appointment as surgeon. He
will ask for authority to enlist a party
of about 200 of his fellow countrymen
in San Francisco and to take them to
the Philippines and do missionary work
among the Chinese residents of that
country. Dr. Chan says that of the
9,000,000 inhabitants of the Philippines
3,000,000 are Chinese. They are taking
no part in the insurrection against the
Spaniards, but are strongly opposed to
Spanish rule. He says that the Chi
nese in the Philippines are almost en
tirely ignorant of the United States,
but if he can go over there he would
influence them to become in favor of a
government of the islands under the
control of the United States, and would
organize a large army of Chinamen to
fight under the -s and Stripes and
to become allies in the army of inva
sion.
The doctor is in correspondence with
Governor Bushnell and the War De
partment at Washington in reference
to his plan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood. Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparil!« ■■ and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
; Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even In their most aggravated forma.
> WRITE if you cannot ; call.
CONSULT FREE and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book. 1 '/Quid*
to Health." free. ■ ■
. . F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
1 BX-MaxluVStrtet. BaA Priacixw aiWOULD PREY
UPON YUKON
GOLD SHIPS
Application for Letters of
Marque Sent to
Madrid.
Victoria Man Asl^s for Authority
to Eogage in Piracy on
This Coast.
To SENOR SAGASTA, Madrid: Hun
dred million dollars of K'ondiKe gold will
come down by way of St. Michael in
American styps. Wire or forward rt)e irt)
rr)ediately letters of marque so that I can
coromence worK for Spain as soon as
possible. GEORGE C BROWN.
VICTORIA.. June 10.— Application
•was made this afternoon to the Span
ish Government by a man claiming to
be acting for a ship-owner for "letters
of marque," to enable his employer to
fit out a ship to prey upon American
shipping In the transportation of trea-
sure and merchandise to and fro from
the mouth of the Yukon River.
This man. who. It is said claims he
Is acting for George C. Brown, which
Is undoubtedly an assumed name,
walked into the Central Pacific Tele
graph office early this afternoon and
asked the rate for a cablegram to Ma
drid. On being informed he sat down
and wrote the cablegram. The message
was seen by a reporter of the Victoria
Times.
Who George C. .Drown Is no one can
discover, but many stories are afloat
giving him as the charterer of several
small steamships here which were in
tended as passenger steamships for the
Alaskan trade, but which, In conse
quence of the decline of the trade, have
not been used. Collector of Customs
Milne and" some of the Esquimalt naval
authorities here say the scheme is un
doubtedly all arranged by some rascals
who have carefully planned it. The
Collector says that should he discover
the identity of the would-be privateer
he will at once take steps to prevent
her leaving this port to engage in the
proposed rifling of the treasure ships.
The instructions received by him
from Ottawa, he says, are to see that
strict neutrality is enforced, and should
he notice any suspicious change of
ownership in a vessel he must notify
headquarters at once and take steps to
prevent the vessel from carrying con-
ARE PREPARING
THEIR DEFENSE
Spaniards Are Active at
Santiago de Cuba.
TWENTY THOUSAND SOLDIERS
LARGE FORCES DRAWN FROM
SURROUNDING COUNTRY.
Officers From the American Fleet
Frequently Go Ashore and Con
vey War Mattel ■ to the
Insurgents.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT WANDA,
off Santiago de Cuba, June 9, via King
ston, Jamaica, June 10.— In Santiago
de Cuba there are about 20,000 Spanish
soldiers, chiefly infantry, but with a
fair contingent of cavalry and field ar
tillery drawn from the surrounding
country. During the daytime the cav
alry skirmish in the vicinity of the
city, returning at night to the bar
racks. During the last few days the
activity of the Spaniards has been par
ticularly noticeable. Oxen trains have
been making their way to the bat
teries, detachments have been working
on emplacements and there have been
other signs showing that the Spaniards
are preparing a desperate resistance.
Some guns from Admiral Cervera's
ships may be moved to the forts. The
Insurgents, about 5000 strong, have
taken a position on a mountain to the
westward. Two thousand Insurgents
of this gathering are unarmed. General
Maximo Gomez, now about 150 miles
inland, is making his way toward the
coast. Admiral Sampson is actively
co-operating wJth the insurgents. Yes
terday Getfteral Miniel of the insurgent
forces and his staff went on board the
New York for a long consultation.
The naval officers have been doing
splendid and daring work in carrying
communication and arms to the insur
gents and makii.g trips ashore for the
purpose of gaining Information. Upon
the gunboats Suwanee and Vixen this
work has chle.ly devolved. Lieutenant
Sharp of the Vixen and Lieutenant
Commander Delhanty of the Suwa
nee have been daily entrusted with im
portant missions and have carried
thorn out successfully. The Vixen's
work has been chiefly confined to car
rying messages to and fro, but the
Suwanee has been occupied in a more
serious taßk. This little gunboat has
landed 300,000 rounds of small arms am
munition, 800 Springfield rifles, 100 car
bines, 2000 machetes, with equipments
traband, acting as a privateer, or in
other way violating the neutrality
laws.
REAR ADMIRAL MILLER
DOUBTS THE REPORT
Believes Some "Ulterior Motive Actu
ated the Man Who Sent the
Cablegram.
"I do not believe there is the slightest
idea en the part of any one to obtain
letters of marque for the purpose men
tioned in this dispatch," said Rear Ad
miral Miller, commander of the Pacific
squadron, last evening, when shown the
telegrams from Victoria. "The story
has no doubt originated from interested
motives on the part of some one. We
would have the information before
they could get a vessel ready."
A well-known Alaska transportation
man, now in this city from Seattle,
smiled upon reading the dispatch from
Victoria.
"I am under the impression that it ia
a preliminary advertising story started
by the North American Trading and
Transportation Company," he said. "It
is on a par with its wild assertion of
last summer that its treasure ship was
in danger of being looted by Chinese j
pirates. It was on that ground the j
company asked the Government for an '
armed convoy. It was simply an ad- !
vertlsement of the Yukon gold fields,
with the view of booming the rush to >
the Klondike. I Bhould not be sur- I
prised to hear in a few days that the
North American Trading and Trans
portation folks have again applied to i
the Government for a convoy. In this
way the attention of the country, which
has been diverted by the present un
pleasantness with Spain, will again for ;
the time being be in a measure directed j
to the Klondike."
and provisions. They were landed yes
terday (Wednesday) about fifteen miles
west of Santiago, to some 800 Insur
gents, who came down to the beach,
the jnain body remaining in the moun
tains. The debarkation of supplies was
tedious but uninterrupted.
The Insurgents reported that irregu
lar engagements between their forces
and the Spanish cavalry were of daily
occurrence. The Cubans were hard up
for supplies and ammunition and were
overjoyed at the sight of the Suwa
nee's cargo. Some, almost ravenous,
hacked at the slices of bacon and ate
raw beef. They had been living on
limes, cocoanuts and sweet potatoes.
Ensign Gilpin of the Suwanee went
ashore and accompanied the Cubans to
their temporary camp inland, where he
found ten or twelve men badly in need
of surgical attendance. Bandages for
them were sent from the Suwanee.
The casualties were the results of a
brush on the previous night with Span
ish cavalry.
To the correspondent of the Associ
ated Press, Ensign Gilpin, describing
his experience at the camp, which is
about ten miles inland, said:
"I found the insurgents a rough-look
ing and mixed lot of boys and old men,
rigged out anyway, carrying arms of
all sorts, and all anxious to borrow
everything I had, from my blouse to
my revolver. Four Spanish soldiers In
uniform, carrying rifles, marched into
the camp while I was there and said
they wanted to Join the insurgents.
They were enrolled, but a close watch
was kept on them, as they belonged
to the civil guard. A Cuban soldier
told me such additions were not infre
quent. The Spaniards had Mauser
riflop, which were in fairly good con
dition."
Conservative authorities believe the
troops will have to carry out their plan
of campaign without placing much re
liance upon the insurgents. Several
i plucky young officers, like Ensign Gil
! pin, have made trips ashore and taken
l observations of the Interior harbor and
! the fortifications, locating the exact po
sition of Admiral Cervera's ships. It
is hardly likely, however, that the
Spanish admiral keeps them moored at
the same place both day and night.
COAL FROM ENGLAND,
AMMUNITION FROM FRANCE
It Is Reported That Spain Is Daily
Receiving Large Supplies at
Cadiz.
CADIZ, June 10.— Large quantities of
coal are arriving dally from England.
A large consignment of ammunition has
been eceived from Fran' Two Eng
lish steamers, the Kings Cross and Re
membrance, loaded with coal, have
sailed nominally for Colon, but really
for Porto Rico.
The North German Lloyd liner Havel
gave twenty knots on hei trial.
Landed Eleven Salmon.
SANTA CRUZ, June 10.— The salmon
run continues and the catches are large.
Judge Bahrs and Attorney Frank Stone
of San Francisco succeeded in landing
eleven this morning.
■ General Miles, command^r-in-chief
of the United States', army, explains
the lessons of the present war in next
Suadaj'B Call* _^
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUI^E 11, 1898.
JOMN P. S. GOBIN. ONE OF THE NEWLY CREATED BRIGADIER
GENERALS.
General Gobln was nominated for Lieutenant Governor by tt)e Re
publicans of Pennsylvania at the recent convention, f-f e served
with distinction all through the War of the Rebellion, retiring
as a general of volunteers.
WAR ALLIANCE
NOT POSSIBLE
Opinion of Sir Charles
Dilke.
ATTACKS LORD SALISBURY
EXCITING SESSION OF THE
ENGLISH HOUSE.
Chamberlain Defends His Birming
ham Speech From Bitter
Criticism by the Op
position.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 10.— Sir Charles Dilke,
in the House of Commons to-day, mov
ing a reduction in the Foreign Office
vote, attacked the Marquis of Salis
bury's foreign policy of concession. Re
ferring to the United States he said:
"Our better relations with the United
States are mainly due to the good in
fluence of her Majesty's Embassador at
; Washington (Sir Julian Pauncefote),
] for the Government's policy has been
rash and feeble. Everyone w~ i welcome
an alliance of hearts with America, but
' no alliance could be a war alliance."
Continuing. Sir Charles said he did
not believe in the possibility, mooted
by the Secretary of State for the Colo
nies (Mr. Chamberlain) of an alliance
with Germany.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt.theLib
j eral leader in the House of Commons,
: asking for information this afternoon
I as to the foreign policy of the Govern
! ment, proceeded to criticize at length
| the recent speech of Mr. Chamberlain,
Secretary of State for the Colonies, at
i Birmingham. He referred Ironically
I to the "pitiful spectacle of the Secre
tary of State for the Colonies standing,
j cap in hand before the powers and
I seeking an alliance, remarking: 'The
Chinese question must be settled on
! friendship and concert with Russia.' "
IHe asked whether It would not have
! been better for Mr. Chamberlain to
"postpone his insults to Russia" until
| the talked-of alliance had been se
i cured.
Mr. Chamberlain, who, on rising to
I reply, was received with Government
cheers and Irish Nationalist hisses, de
! nied there was any discrepancy be
tween himself and other members of
the Cabinet.
Mr. Chamberlain declared the object
I of his Birmingham speech was "not to
lay down a policy, but to state facts to
the country as to what I conceive to be
the conditions and great problems we
are called to face."
Repeating the leading features of his
Birmingham speech Mr. Chamberlain
declared :
"If it became known we were willing
to consider alliances It Is not unlikely
that advances would be made to us.
A mutual understanding with one of
the great powers would save a very
laree addition to the navy."
In concluding, he referred to the "Im
portance of a close understanding with
America," adding:
"In my opinion, on such a matter the
United States would not listen to the
Irish vote."
But whether England or America
were menaced, he said, he hoped it
would be found that blood was thicker
than water, and, without desiring to
force either nation to enter into an al
liance with which a majority of both
peoples did not thoroughly sympathize,
he would repeat his conviction that the
closer, the more defined and the clearer
the alliance between the United States
and England, the better it would be for
both nations and for civilization. Mr.
Chamberlain's speech ended amid loud
cheers from the benches.
John Dillon, the Irish Nationalist
leader, protested against Mr. Chamber
lain's insults to the Irish in America-
Sir Charles Dilke's motion for a re
duction in the Foreign Office vote as a
rebuke to the Government's foreign
policy was rejected by the House by a
vote of 254 against 128.
A. J. Balfour, First Lord of the
Treasury and Government leader, re
plying to a question as to whether, "in
view of the condition of the population
of Cuba and the sufferings and evils
arising from the Spanish-American
war, her Majesty's Government or any
of the European powers have any in
tention of intervening to secure a ces
sation of hostilities by inducinr one or
both belligerents to negotiate terms of
peace," said:
"Her Majesty's Government will glad
ly take any favorable opportunity for
promoting a cessation of hostilities and
negotiations for peace, but any action
upon their part for this purpose can
only be undertaken If there is reason
able prospect that it will be well re
ceived by both parties and likely to
lead to an agreement between them.
Unfortunately, Jhere Is not sufficient.
ground for believing this condition ex
ists."
CRISIS SAID TO
EXIST AT MADRID.
Spain Will Entreat the Intervention
of the Powers Almost Im-
mediately.
LONDON, June 11.— The Vienna cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph says:
Authentic reports have been received
here that the situation in Madrid is ad
vancing with the greatest rapidity.
There is no doubt that a crisis exists.
Spain will entreat the intervention of
the powers almost immediately, and
confidential inquiries in this sense have
already been made here.
It is said by those who are in the en
tourage of Don Carlos, the pretender,
that some great action is on the eve of
being taken.
PRIVACY OF THE
MAIL NOT INVADED
The Dons Are a Little Too Hasty in
Making Threats of Reprisals
in Spain.
MADRID, June 10.— A semi-official
note issued to-day says Spanish letters
continue to be seized in the United
States, even though addressed to for
eigners. The note adds: "If this meas
ure, unprecedented in war between
civilized peoples, is persisted in. Spain
will make reprisals upon the property
of Americans in Spain."
WASHINGTON, June 10.—Postmas
ter General E- ory Smith requests the
Associated Press to state that all re
ports indicating that postofßce inspec
tors or other officials have been de
tailed or authorized to open letters
within the mails are untme and mis
leading. The privacy of the mails at no
time nor under any condition or cir
cumstances will be invaded during the
war. All mail properly acJressed and
upon which sufficient postage is paid
will be delivered to the addresses as
expeditiously and scrupulously as It
ever has been.
DENIED BY TWO
SPANISH GENERALS.
Linares and Blanco Claim That a
Torpedo Boat Destroyer Has Not
Been Sunk.
LONDON, June 11.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standard says: Gen
eral Linares, commanding the Spanish
forces in the province of Santiago de
Cuba, cables that "nothing has oc
curred during the last twenty-four
hours," and that the Americans have
not succeeded in effecting a landing,
but that the fleet is still off the har
bor. General Linares says the report
that a Spanish torpedo boat' destroyer
had been sunk Is untrue.
MADRID, June 10.— An official dis
patch from General Blanco at Havana
says that the Spanish torpedo boat de
stroyer Terror is in Porto Rico waters.
CAMINETTI WANTS
A STAFF POSITION.
So the California Delegation Indorses
the ex-Congressman for Duty in
the Philippines.
WASHINGTON, June 10.—Ex-Con
gressman Caminetti of California is
anxious to engage in the war, and the
California delegation has Indorsed him
for a staff appointment. His knowl
edge of the Spanish language would
make his services valuable in the Phil
ippine campaign.
M To get back your vital force? You have lost it, or your move- •% ■
m '" ments would not be so uncertain ,as they are. You - cannot m
M.' cross a street feeling certain that you will reach the other »
'#'■■ side. Your nerves are shattered. . What -, caused the ■ nervous m
jf ' system to !be depleted ... makes .• no • ■ difference. : ; Overwork , of M
3 -• muscles, overwork 'of . "gray matter" of ■ the brain 'or over- B ■
m work of some organ.' It la all the same in the .' end. • A de- ■
■ plorable weaJmess . ensues. "Iludyan" .: makes i - : lost energy ■
B Rood. It is a treatment that .brings life and vitality nlways.. »i
c You can have this great help to manliness if you will ask for ■
S ■'■-'/ it. 1 Circulars and the written ; testimony of those :. who i have ', 6
■ ' '■ ■ been made full-powered men by it are quite free to you. Ask ■■ •' «
-•■■' for them. If you are ill In any. way. ask for medical advice. ■
. ■■ It will cost ; you nothing. :■ Write to or call ■• ■
V HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, I
V Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, . San Francisco. ' M
v/. V THERE ONLY CAN YOU GET ■'■£■■ "..%L-
CRUISER ST. LOUIS
GAPTURES A PRIZE.
KINGSTON, June 10.
We sighted the auxiliary
cruiser St. Louis off Mo
rant Point, Jamaica, to
day. She reported she
had captured a Spanish
merchantman just out
from Kingston.
PROMISE MADE
BY AGUINALDO
His Negotiations With
Dewey.
WOULD PREVENT MASSACRE
PLEDGED TO HOLD REBELS IN
CHECK.
Indications Are That the Philippine
Chief Expects to Form an Island
Republic and Be Dic
tator.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 10.— Late
mall advices from Hongkong contain
interesting details regarding the ne
gotiations between the Philippine rebel
chief Aguinaldo and the United States
offiicials at Singapore Just before the
actual outbreak of hostilities between
Spain and the United States, as a re
sult of whicH General Aguinaldo en
tered into direct relations with Admiral
Dewey while that officer was still at
Hongkong. A conference between
General Aguinaldo and United States
Consul General Pratt at Singapore was
arranged by Howard W. Bray. Mr.
Bray and others were present at the
conference and Mr. Bray acted as in
terpreter.
General Aguinaldo explained to Con
sul General Pratt the incidents and ob
jects of the late rebellion, and described
the present disturbed state of the coun
try. Aguinaldo then proceeded to de
tail the nature of the co-operation he
could give. In the event of the Ameri
can forces landing and taking posses
sion of Manila, he would guarantee to
maintain order and discipline among
the native troops and inhabitants in
the same humane way in which he had
hitherto conducted the war and pre
vent them from committing outrages
on defenseless Spaniards beyond what
was Inevitable in fair and honorable
warfare. He further declared his abil
ity to establish a proper and responsi
ble government on liberal principles,
and would be willing to accept the
same terms for the country as the
United States intended giving Cuba.
Consul-General Pratt placed himself
at once in telegraphic communication
with Admiral Dewey at Hongkong, be
tween whom and Mr. Pratt a frequent
interchange of telegrams took place.
As the result another private interview
was held at the American consular res
idence between Aguinaldo, Mr. Pratt,
Mr. Bray and Mr. Leyba.
As a sequel to this interview, and in
response to the urgent request of Ad
miral Dewey, Aguinaldo left Singapore
for Hongkong, where he met Dewey,
with whom he went to Manila.
At the beginning of hostilities Agul
naldo's policy embraced the independ
ence of the Philippines, their internal
affairs to be controlled by European
and American advisers. The ports of
the Philippines would be free to the
trade of the world, safeguards being
enacted against an Influx of Chinese
aliens, who would compete with the in
dustrial population of the country.
There would be a complete reform
of the present corrupt Judicature of the
country under experienced European
law officers. Entire freedom of the
press would be established as well as
the right of public meeting. Full pro
vision would be given for the exploita
tion of the natural resources and
wealth of the country by roads and
railways and by the removal of hin
drances to enterprise and the invest
ment of capital. Spanish officials
would be removed to a place of safety
until an opportunity offered to return
them to Spain. The preservation of
the public safety and order and the
checking of reprisals against Span
iards would naturally be the first care
of the Government in the new state of
affairs.
Duel to the Death.
PRESCOTT, June 10.— James Keenan.
a former resident of Soeorro County, N.
M., was shot and killed to-day by A. A.
Beeson, on Lynx Creek, about eight
miles from Prescott. About two weeks
ago Keenan' s wife ran away with Bee
son. Keenan met the couple on the road
to-day and emptied his rifle at Beeson
without effect. Beeson returned the fire,
killing Keenan instantly. Beeson was ar
rested and lodged in jail here.
Killed by Her Brother.
CASTLE ROCK, Wash.. June 10.— This
morning the 5-year-old son of J. W. Scott
secured a loaded gun, and In the course
of play shot and instantly killed his 2
year-old sister.
\_^ "__ ■'■"___.', _ _ * ADVERTISEMENTS. .V. . .
LAST DAY £*>
OF THIS /A
\yJL IlllU / /vM/ A
pip;-!? Am (MA
VJJLtJjii.X ' \v^y^fyr
CLOTHING i'W
SALE^ |l !
We close our doors at 11 I I // 1 ,
P. M. to-night. Prompt at 1 / / '
that time orders will be j J \]
given to mark all suits back •> IX) '* i'
to their former regular sell- . s\J — v^ 4 " \
ing price. From the hun- "^^Q^
dreds of lines first placed on \
sale we have very few left, and confidently expect :
when our doors close we will have none on hand.
niiiiiiii|iii ii mil iiihiii '" j I TV ll >''W'fffi'^l yio more than
(mm »^^^ such a tPGmGndous
est New York styles, comprising Cheviots, Scotch '\
Tweeds and Cassimeres. The linings— the best of |
Farmers' Satin and Mohair Serge. Entire garment
sewed with silk. .
\
Ball andßat Free;
I
With each suit purchased in our Children's •De- ,
partment.
Yw » t m "" S C » • J JV • * ~,Ji^^TT*b t I \J
i We intend to build up our Children's Department
to the largest on the Pacific Coast, and in order to do
so will slate the c'othing at prices unprecedented in
the annals of any clothing establishment. We are I
selling suits as low as $1 45, but for this sale are v
making a specialty of a $3 SO suit, which we re- i
duced from $3— cut in Reefers, Middies and Sailor ;
fashion. Trimmings to harmonize with the shade <
of the cloth. " The best of silk soutache and braid is on ' '
every garment.
/- — s v^""~" > \ Our 93c Fedora Hat '•
/ Jlr * \ sells on sight. It j
/ * \ meets the popular j
/ \ ■ demand, as it is a • !■
/. \ hat for which others t
.(^WagSSKS^BS^^^ charge $1.50. Sam© J
\\ i^f "'■" '■" i*}^os^\i~~~^ can t - >c iiad in a ny
X^^^^P^^^X of the latest spring j
shades.
\
. i
Our specialty for to-day In JSsL
■ the Furnishing Goods De- jefd**^k. '■
* partment is- a colored shirt UK^'JU^Jji i
for BO cents which is posi- K^^^^siLm
tively sold for $1 elsewhere. ?W^ fff i.
The only reason we can af-' lict W
ford to sell them at such a %, JT \
low margin is that we *sStjksd\^ '■
cleared out a line of several J^^JiMM^ , //7 *X
thousand from a manufac- U&T W/fsBV%AJ id \
turer who required lmme- >*^«/'f ¥\ fff^iL^
The soft bosoms have col- WH^Hrß'-Uit "Wt^U
lars and cuffs attached, and
are designed in stripes in JJWKmg \.^*^. i
shades of light and dark /HBpffOivtax
The stiff bosoms include |fflfi ft ||l\vSShl
one pair link cuffs. The golf JiPflH H ' WlP^
shirts are simply stunning. " *
\
<
|
Trousers.
During this great sale we have likewise made
great reductions in our Pants Department, where
we have placed aside an immense variety of All-
wool Pants at $1.65, $1-83, $2.00 and $2.50. Greatly /
reduced from their former price and positively :
double. •.
Goods cheerfully exchanged or money refunded.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market Street.
34
IMPATIENT
OVER DELAY
OF TROOPS
Ships of the Fleet Are Pa
trolling in the Vicinity
of Guantanamo.
Now That He Has Prepared the
Way for Investing Eastern Cuba
Sampson Awaits Invaders.
WASHINGTON, June 10.— The Navy Depart
ment to-day posted the following bulletin:
"On June 7 Admiral Sampson ordered the Mar
blehead, Commander McCalla, and the Yankee,
Commander Brownson, to take possession of the
outer bay of Guantanamo. These vessels entered
the harbor at daylight en June 7, driving a Spanish
gunboat into the harbor, and took possession of the
lower bay, which is now held by the Marblehead."
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL
DISPATCH-BOAT, OFF SANTIAGO
DE CUBA, June 10 (via Kingston, Ja
maica, June 10). — Rear-Admiral Samp
son is impatient at the delay in the ar
rival of troops at Guantanamo. The
Spanish batteries there were silenced
on Tuesday with little difficulty, and
several vessels of the fleet are now pa
trolling there, presumably awaiting the
arrival of the landing party. One of
the men from the Herald-Call dispatch
boat landed at Guantanamo this morn-
Ing, but ho saw no signs of either Span
iards or insurgents. The Marblehead
•was there on Wednesday with Captain
of Marines Goodrell, who inspected sev
eral places suitable for making a land
ing in force. Ships of Admiral Samp
son's fleet are now patrolling the shore
between Santiago de Cuba and Guan
tanamo, a distance of about thirty
miles. The battle-ship Oregon, Mar
blehead and Yankee have been detailed
to hold the harbor at Gunantanamo.
The masts and stack of the sunken
collier Merrimac. in the entrance to the
harbor of Santiago, have disappeared
from view. The Spaniards are trying
to destroy tho wreck, but it is said to
be constantly under the guns of the
two big warships. Two guns were
fired at the fleet from the fortifications
yesterday. A report has reached Ad
miral Sampson that the Vizcaya was
Blght^d on the northern coast of Cuba,
but the report is discredited.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS BOAT WANDA, OFF SANTI
AGO, June 9 (via Kingston, Jamaica,
June 10). — The navy awaits the army.
The fighting ship? of Rear-Admiral
Sampson am! Commodore Schley have
battered down the coast defenses of
Southern Cuba and have sealed up Ad
miral Cervera's fleet in the harbor of
Santiago de Cuba by sinking the col
lier Merrimac In the channel at its en
trance, which the guns of the fleet
cover. Boats running under the
shadows of El Morro have out the Hay
tlan cables and now hold thirty-five
miles of the coast east of Santiago de
Cuba, Including Guantanamo harbor.
Under the cover of the guns of the fleet
Eastern Cuba may be safely invested
by land and sea. Admiral Cerv?r.Vs
fleet annihilated and the entire province
NOT A MAN IS
AT HIS POST
Strike at the Keswick
Smelters.
ORE ROASTERS ARE IDLE
BOTH DAY AND NIGHT CREWS
QUIT WORK.
Demand of the Mountain Copper
Company Increased Pay and a
Ten-Hour Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, June 10.— The day shift on
the roasters at tne Mountain Copper
Company's smelters at Keswlck went out
on strike at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon.
One hundred and twenty-five men com
prise the day force, and a like number
the night shift. When the whistles blew
for the night crew to go on not a man
except the bosses responded. This action
Of the night force, In striking out of sym
pathy, closes the entire ore roasting de
partment.
The grievance of the men is in regard
to wages and hours of labor. They were
receiving $1 £»5 per day of twelve hours,
and they now demand XZ 10 for a ten-hour
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
soap brings health
and the color of
health to many a sal-
low skin.
and its towns and harbors seized and
held after a short campaign.
The harbor of Guantanamo Is a fine
basis for land and sea operations. It is
spacious and has forty feet of water.
The land approaches are not so pre
cipitous as at Santiago de Cuba. The
low-lying hills can be easily reached
with trains of siege guns and there are
level roads to Santiago thirty-three
miles distant, where * few mountain
batteries, beyond the reach of the fleet,
will be taken to an eminence command
ing the city and the Spanish ship*.
tiuantanamo is an important place.
It has six miles of water harbor and
will be of great value to the United
States army and navy as a supply
station, coaling depot and cable ter
minus. The Spaniards have but slight
defense. Their batteries were silenced
on Tuesday by the Marblehead in a few
minutes' liring at 4000 yards. A small
Spanish gunboat ran away.
The navy's work has been done well.
Day and night ships patrol the thirty
miles of coast within easy gun range of
the shore. The officers and men are
ever ready and impatiently say, "What
more can be done? We have opened j
the way. Where is the army of in
vasion?"
The Marblehead returned to Guan
tanamo on Wednesday taking Captain
Goodrell of the marines, to survey the
landing places. This morning the New
Orleans and Porter were close inshore
oft Daiquiri, west of Santiago, where
there are extensive iron works. A
large iron pier offers an excellent land
ing place. Possibly one detachment of
the army will land there, a second
force may land west of El Morro, and
a third body of troops at Guantanamo
It Is believed the city can be captured
within a few days and that Admiral
Cervera will be compelled to fight.
The destruction of the shore batteries
now makes possible their occupation by
troops, giving the American fleet an op
portunity to enter the harbor and re
move the mines at the entrance and
strike a joint biow of the army and
navy, involving the surrender of the
Spanish troops in the eastern provinces,
now practically all concentrated at
Santiago de Cuba, and the surrender
or destruction of Admiral Cervera's
fine ships, which would necessarily
have an important, if not controlling,
influence In closing the war.
It is with this view that such close
watch Is maintained to prevent the es
cape of the Spanish ships, and neces
sarily the presence of the soldiers is
required to prevent the defeat of the
work thus far accomplished by the
navy.
day. The company, it is understood, will
refuse to concede the demand, and if the
strikers cannot be induced to return to
work their places will be filled. To re
place the men will be a difficult under
j taking, as the company has a standing
! order for men and was running short
handed on the roasters as it was.
The 10th of every month Is pay day
| with the Mountain Copper Company, and
the men struck the moment tneir time
was up. The strikers are conducting
themselves in a quiet and orderly manner.
The ore mined by the Mountain Copper
Company carries such a high percentage
of sulphur that it all must be burned be
fore being put through the smelters.
Acres of ground are devoted to this pro
cess. The men must wear sponges over
their mouths and nostrils, and even then
they can remain but a few moments In
the stifling smoke and fumes. This deadly
j smudge has killed vegetation for miles
around, and men do not regard a Job in
this department as a sinecure.
! BOUNDARIES ARE EXTENDED.
England Gains a Lease of More Ter
ritory Adjoining Hongkong.
LONDON, June 10.— The newspapers
i hero are printing many congratulations
| upon the signing of the Anglo-Chinese
i convention yesterday, which gives Great
Britain an extension of the boundaries of
Hongkong, including Kan Tung, of alto
gether 200 square miles under a lease, to
which the greatest importance is at
tached, as the territory thus acquired is
regarded as being essential for the pro
tection of Hongkong.
When questioned in the House of Com
i mons last evening as to whether Russia
i contemplato-d sending troops to the Yang
tsf-Kiang Valley, the Tarliamentary See
rotary for the Foreign Office, George N.
, Curzon, made an Important statement to
i the effect that such a proceeding, with-
I out the consent of China, would be an
\ act of war and, he added, the Govern
; mont would take- the requisite steps to
| protect the British interests. Obviously
i this is intended as n warning to Russia
■ not to Interfere in the Yang-tse-Kiang
| Valley.
Tarrash Retains His Lead.
VIENNA, June 10.— Tn the seventh
round of the chess masters' tournament,
played to-day, the results were: Janow
fiky, Alapln and Burn won from Stein
ita, Schwartz nnd Caro, respectively;
Blackburn beat Schlechter; Pillsbury
beat March: Schiffers went down before
Maroczy; Tarrasch beat Halprin; Wal
brodt beat Llpke; Trenchard and Baird
divided honors, while Showalter lost to
Tschigorin. Tarrasch maintained his
lead over Alapin and PiUsbury, while
there are now four candidates for the
next three places, namely, Maroczy
Steinitz, Tschlgorin and Walbrodt.
San Miguel's Silver Club.
SAN MIGUEL, June 10.— The Maguire
Silver Club of San Miguel, composed of
members of the former Bryan Silver
Club, has been organieed here with the
following officers: N. Hutßon, president;
J. B. Davis, vice-president; J. M. Rlor
dan. secretary; John. Hanna. treasurer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, IS9B.
ANNEXATION
BROUGHT UP
Newlands' Resolution Is
Before the • House.
FILIBUSTER OF OPPONENTS
FINALLY THEY ARE PROMISED
A FAIR DEBATE.
So It Is Agreed to Argue the Propo
sition Until Next Wednesday,
When a Vote Will Be
Taken.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 10.
The feature of the day's session of
the House was the securing of an
agreement to consider and vote upon
the Newlands resolution to annex Ha
waii. Beginning to-morrow the debate
will proceed until 5 o'clock next "Wed
nesday afternoon, when a vote will be
taken.
The annexationists' camp to-day de
termined to force consideration, and
for three hours the opposition filibus
tered. Consideration of the resolutions
to-day could ha*ve been prevented, as
under the rules a recess until the even
ing session necessarily would have
been taken until 5 o'clock, but it was
plain that the annexationists would
win their victory to-morrow. Realiz
ing this, and knowing the resolutions
would pass and go to the country, in
volving a prominent issue, the opposi
tion treated fur liberal debate, and their
demands were granted readily.
Eight Democrats voted with the an
nexationists in the movement to-day to
force consideration of the resolutions,
they beiir- Berry of Kentucky, De Tries
of California, Livingston of Georgia,
Brucker of Michigan, Cummings, Sul
zer and Vehslage of New York, and
Cochran of Missouri. It is claimed
at least twentw Democrats will favor
the passage of the resolutions.
The bill to enable volunteer soldiers
to vote at Congressional elections was
passed and a number of minor meas
ures, chiefly of a private nature, were
considered.
The Lacey bill, providing for the par
ticipatinn of volunteer soldiers in Con
gressional elections, was called up when
the House met to-day. It being the privi
leged business under continuing order.
Cummlngs (D.) of Now York moved to
recommit the bill with Instructions for the
committee to report it with an added pro
vision extending th« suffrage provision to
members of the naval reserve. A rollcaU
was taken, resulting in the defeat of the
motion to recommit— ayes 100 noes 120 —
and the bill was then passed, 195 to 42.
Maguire (D.) of California, from the
Elections Committee No. 2, then called up
the report In the. case of William Ryan
against H. C. Brewster, from the Thirty
litst New York District.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio, pursuant of the
purpose of the Hawaiian annexationists
to force to-day. If possible, the taking up
of the resolution Immediately, raised the
question of consideration against the elec
tion case. Upon a rising vote, the House
decided not to take it up— ayes 77, noes
78— and Maguire demanded a rollcall.
Meantime, Cannon (.R.) of Illinois, turn-
Ing to Grosvennr, Inquired: "I want to
ask the gentleman from Ohio if the rais
ing of the question in consideration means
the bringing up of Hawaii?"
"It does." responded the Ohioan, with
much vigor.
The vote resulted ayes 92. nops 129. and
the hearing of the election case having
been refused, Ray (R.) of New York
called for the regular order, which, under
the rules, would be the private calendar.
Grosvenor moved to consider public
business. A vote was then taken and th*
call was followed with much interest, the
House realizing the result probably would
mean the consideration or the Hawaiian
resolution.
Grosvenor'i motion prevailed. 140 to 88.
The opposition to annexation then began
to filibuster, a rollcall being demanded
upon the consideration of a resolution
calling upon the Secretary of War for
names of civilians appointed to military
office since April 24.
The vote resulted in the dffent of the
opposition, and another rollcall had been
demanded upon another minor matter,
when, pending the call, order was
brought out of chaos and an understand
ing was reported cjulckly whereby the
House agreed to be- gin consideration of
the Hawaiian resolutions and debate
them from day to day until 5 o'clock next
Wednesday afternoon, when a vote shall
be taken. The agreement was applauded.
As soon as the Hawaiian situation was
cleared several private bills were passed,
and also onf fixing the status of volun
teer staff officers by placing them under
tho regular army. At 4:35 o'clock the
House aujournedl having agreed unani
mously to vncate the order for the even
ing pension session.
EXPLOSION OF A TORPEDO.
Causes the Death of Three Men and
the Wounding of Lieut. Hart.
CHICAGO, June in.— A special to the
News from Jacksonville. Fla., says: A
torpedo in the St. Johns River, at St.
Johns Bluff, eighteen miles below Jack
sonville, exploded to-day, killing three
men and badly wounding Lieutenant
Hart of the United States engineer corps.
In charge of the work of fortifying the
river at. that point. One of the killed was
John O'Rourke, an electrician of Jack
sonville, who. with a force of men, was
wiring the torpedoes placed in the river.
How the accident occurred is not known.
TO BE VICEROY OF CANADA.
Belief in London That Lord Wolseley
Has Been Selected.
NEW YORK, June 10.— A dispatch to
the Tribune from London says: The Brit-
ish Government has had unusual trouble
in filling the vacancy for the Viceroyalty
of Canada. The appointment has not
been officially announced, but It Is gener
ally believed in the War Office that Lord
Wolseley is the man who has been se
lected for this important post.
Lord Wolseley is now within his 66th
year. If he decides to accept the offer
which has undoubtedly been made, he
will retire from the army and devote
the remainder of his life to official work
as Governor General and to the comple
tion of the memoirs which he has long
desired to write.
Rise of the Missouri.
KANSAS CITY, June 10.— The Missouri
River reached the danger line of twenty
c?ne feet here this morning, and will con
tinue to rise, according to Weather Ob
server Conner's statement for the next
thirty-six hours. As yet no serious dam
age has resulted.
Convict de Martini Dead.
SAN QUENTIN, June 10.— Peter de
Martini, the convict who, with suicidal
intent, slashed himself across the wrist
with a knife yesterday, died at noon to
day from loss of blood. The prisoner was
serving a life sentence for murder com
mitted in Calaveras County.
Miner Commits Suicide.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., June 10.— The body
of Richard Crow, a mining man, arrived
here this morning from Yarnell. He com
mitted suicide at 9 o'clock yesterday
morning by shooting himself through the
head. He had been sick for a long time.
General Miles, commander-in-chief
of the United States army, explains
the lessons of the present war in next
Sunday's Call,
FIGHT TO SAVE
THEIR OPIUM
San Quentin Convicts
Attempt Murder.
TRY TO KILL A GUARD
INCIPIENT RIOT WITHIN THE
PRISON.
Combat Between Prison Officers and
Inmates for the Possession
of a. Contraband
Drug.
® SAN QUENTIN, June 10.— A ®
® determined attempt to seize a ®
® large quantity of opiu*" smuggled ®
® Into the prison nearly resulted ®
® in Guard S. L. Randolph losing ®
® his life yesterday and caused ®
® wild excitement among the con- ®
® victs, almost resulting in a riot. ®
Randolph was set upon by two burly
prisoners in their cell. He was forced
to his knees and an endeavor made to
choke him. His cries for help called
Guards King and Leake to the scene in
time to prevent murder being com
mitted.
It is well known that the dangerous
drug constantly passes the prison gates
through the medium of visitors and
trusties. Any one who has seen the
farcical searching of these trusties can
easily understand .why the traffic
flourishes as it does. For some time
Randolph has been watching "Jack"
Kane, a third-term burglar from San
Francisco, and Joe Keyes, committed
from Los Angeles for burglary. These
men are cell-mates and are what is
known as peddlers of the drug. Learn
ing that they had opium in their cell
Randolph slipped up quietly to unlock
the door at the regular time. 6 o'clock
in the morning. As the door 6wung
open there lay the opium in small pack
ages scattered all around the cell.
As soon as the prisoners saw Ran
dolph they grasped package after pack
age and began to hurl them into the
yard. Randolph Jumped inside and was
immediately pounced upon by Kane,
while Keyes kicked the guard's feet
from under him. He went to his knees
and Kane tried to catch him by the
throat. Randolph's cries for help were
heard by King and Leake, who ran to
his assistance and overpowered the two
enraged convicts.
By this time many of the other pris
oners had c ngregated in the yard and
were busily picking up the opium and
concealing it on their persons. The rest
of the guards tried to take it away
from them and had about secured it all
when the convicts in a body set upon
the guards and tried to snatch the
opium from their Hands. They were
Beaten off and the opium, fifty-seven
packages in all, is now in possession
of the prison authorities.
Both Kane and Keyes were confined
in the dungeon and shackled to the
walls. To-morrow their cas^s will be
considered by the prison directors at
the regular monthly meeting. Kane is
in for fifteen years and will lose two
years' credits; Keyes is In for twelve
years and will be deprived of eighteen
months' credits.
NEVADA KNIGHTS OF
PYTHIAS IN SESSION
S. J. Hodgkinson of Reno Elected
Grand Chancellor of the
Grand Lodge.
CARSON, June 10.— The Grand Lodge,
Knights of Pythias of Nevada, convened
In this city, to-day. The election of officers
for the ensuing 1 term resulted as follows:
S. J. Hodgkinson of Reno, grand chan
cellor; Chris D. Zelgler of Virginia City,
grand vice-chancellor; E. E. Winfrey of
Wlnnemueca. grand prelate: A. B. Stod
dard of Virginia City, grand keeper of
records and seals; J. E. Souchereau of
Verdi, grand master of exchequer; J. A.
Macpherson of Wadaworth, grand master
at arms; L. A. Lemalr of Battle Moun
tain, grand Inner guard; W. J. "Wester
field, grand trustee; John Edwards Bray,
grand tribune.
THREAD COMPANIES COMBINE.
Proposed Absolute Monopoly in
Europe and America.
NEW YORK. June 10.— Semi-official de
tails concerning the consolidation of the
various American thread manufacturing
companies were made public to-day. The
scheme, which was promoted by J. & W.
Seligman & Co., embraces the amalga
mation of all the leading thread manu
facturing companies in this city and Eng
land. Sixty per cent of the capital stock
for the American Thread Company is
said to be controlled by the English com
panies, which have a capitalization of
$7.~>,000,000 while the American Thread
Company, which was organized with
English capital, holds only about $1,000,
000 worth of stock In the English corn
party. There are reports that the com
bined companies may buy in several large
factories in Germany and Belgium.
Should this be done, the combination will
have an absolute monopoly of the thread
output In Europe and America.
EPWORTH LEAGUERS MEET.
District Convention Begins Its Ses-
sions at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, June 10.— The annual
district convention of the Epworth
League began its session here to-day,
with delegates from Napa, Lake, Mendo
cino, Yolo, Solano and Sonoma counties
In attendance. The sessions are being
held in the Fifth-street Methodist Epis
copal Church and much interest Is mani
fested.
This morning's session was devoted
principally to preliminary work and or
ganization. At this afternoon's session a
number of Important topics were discuss
ed and this evening an interesting address
was delivered by Dr. R. P. Wilson, editor
of the Pacific Methodist Advocate of San
Francisco.
DEATH OF MRS. LORIQAN.
Mother of the Santa Clara County
Superior Judge Passes Away.
SAN JOSE, June 10.— Mrs. Ann Lorigan,
a well-known resident of this county,
died In San Francisco this morning. She
was a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
The deceased came to America when 14
years of age, and with her parents set
tled in Ohio. After her marriage she
and her husband went to Australia and
returned to California In 1860. For a
number of years she has resided at Santa
Clara. Mrs. Lorigan was the mother of
Judge W. G. Lorigan and Attorney C. M.
Lorigan of this city.
Killing of Soto Justifiable.
SAN JOSE, June 10.— The inquest over
the body of Angelo Soto, the Mexican
who was killed by Policemen Bateman
and Hughes last evening while resisting
arrest, resulted In a verdict exonerating
the officers from all blame and responsi
bility. The witnesses proved that Soto
made a vicious attack up»n the officers
with a knife, and that it was necessary
to kill him. Soto was 48 years of age.
He had a bad reputation.
Alice Bix
writes about
"The Men They Left Behind Them,"
in next Sunday's Call.
MISS GUSSIE'S
GRAND RACE
The Filly Runs a Mile in
1:39 1-2 at Detroit.
MUDLARKS CAPTURE COIN
I
NEWSGATHEBER SECOND TO
HAPHAZARD.
Tates Creek, at Odds of Thirty to
One, Shocks the Talent by Win
ning at Latonia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT, June 10.— The Derby filly.
Miss Gussie, ran the n.ile In the third
race at Highland Park this afternoon
In- 1:39% and defeated the best field of
horses at the track. Weather heavy;
track fast. Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs,
selling, Chenille won. Forfeit second Irk
some third. Time, 1:07%.
Second race, four and a half furlong's,
Semper Edam won. McCarren second
Crinkle third. Time, :543i.
Third race, one mile, Miss Gussie won,
Alice Farley second, Our Johnny third.
Time, I:39Mj.
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling,
Springwell won, Amelia T second Leal
II third. Time, 1:02*4.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling. Bag
pipe won, Helen H II second, Traveler
third. Time, 1:28^.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling,
Nicholas won, Chang second. Reprieve
third. Time 1:27^,.
CHICAGO, June 10.— Results at Har
lem. Track slow:
First race, four furlongs, Irene F won,
Ann Bell second, Choice third. Time
:64%.
Second race, six furlongs, 'Borden won
Howitzer second, Vice Regal third. Time,
1:24%.
Third race, four furlongs. Babe Robert
son won, Rusa L second, Mazie O third.
Time, :54Vi.
Fourth race, one mile. Haphazard won,
Newsgatherer second, Moncreith third.
Time, 1:66%.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs.
Santello won, (Jheval dOr second, Ned
Wickes third. Time, 1:01%.
Sixth race, 6ixth furlongs, Albert VaJe
won. Don't Skip Me Becond, Innuendo
third. Time, 1:23%.
ST. LOUIS, June 10.— Weather warm;
track heavy. Results:
First race, five furlongs, Arline £ won.
Mountain Dew secona, Genua third.
Time, 1:05%.
Second race, six and a half furlongs,
selling, Fourth Ward won, Miss Lizzie
second, Polaris third. Time, 1:25.
Third race, seven furlongs, selling. Hush
won, St. Augustine second, Zarina third.
Time, 1:31%.
Fourth race, six furlongs. Silver Set
won. Miss Verne second, Abuse third.
Time, 1:17.
Fifth race, one mile, selling, Tole Sim
mons won, Domsie second, Henrica third.
Time, 1:46%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling. Laureate
won, Veloz second, Oninoor third. Time,
1:45%.
CINCINNATI, June 10.— Tates Creek,
at 30 to 1, shocked the talent by winning
the second race at Latonia to-day in a
hot finish with Jolly Roger, the hot
favorite. Track slow.
First race, one mile, selling, Paucharm
won, Snake second, Violet Parsons third.
Time, 1:46%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs,
Tates Creek won. Jolly Roger second, The
Norseman third. Time, :57.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards,
Charlna won. Hidalgo second The Planet
third. Time, 1:48%.
Fourth race, one mile, Possum won,
Flonflon Becond, Count Navarro third.
Time, 1:44.
Fifth race, five furlongs, Piccnla won,
May Be So second, Bezique third. Time,
1:03%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling Board
rrarker won, St. Helena second, Dan Rice
third. Time, 1:44%.
HOME RUN WINS THE
GAME FOR THE REDS
Miller's Good Stick Work Results in
the Defeat of the Men From
Boston.
NATIONAL LEAOUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..30 13 .6971 Pittsburfr ...23 22 .511
Cleveland ...29 15 .659 1 Philadelphia 18 22 .450
Boston 28 16 .636 i Brooklyn ....16 24 .400
Baltimore ...24 35 .61o ■ Washinßton 15 28 .349
Chicago 23 21 .523 St. L0ui5.. ..15 28 .349
New Y0rk. ..22 21 .612 Louisville ...H 32 .304
BALTIMORE, June 10.— Hughes was
wild in the first inning and gave the
Louisvilles a commanding lead, but later
Frazer went to pieces and the Orioles won
out. The decisions were objected to by
both teams and McGravr was sent to the
bench for vigorous language addressed to
Andrews. Stenzel and Quinn have been
traded to St. Louis for "Duck-eye"
Holmes and a money consideration and
left to-day to join the Browns. Holmes
had just donned his Oriole uniform when
his services were needed to replace Me-
Graw. Attendance, 765. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 10 11 3
Louisville 7 9 2
Batteries — Hughes and Robinson; Frazer and
Snyder. Umpires— Snyder and Andrews.
PHILADELPHIA, June 10.— St. Louis
defeated the Phillies to-day by more op
portune hitting, thereby winning three out
of the four from the Quakers. Attend
ance, 2699. Score:
' Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 9 0
Philadelphia 1 14 0
Batteries— Esper and Clements; Orth and
Fisher. Umpires— Emslle and Curry.
WASHINGTON, June 10,— Wrigley's er
ror in the sixth gave the game to the Pi
rates. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 5 12 2
Plttsbun? 6 11 4
Batteries— Evans and MeGuire; Killen and
Bowcrman. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
BOSTON, June 10.— A home run by Mil
ler won the game to-day from the home
team. Attendance, 3400. Score:
Clubß— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 4 5 0
Boston 3 8 1
Batteries— Pammann and Vaughan; Lewis and
Bergen. Umpires — Cushman and Heydler.
NEW YORK. June 10.— Chicago to-day
i made It four straight from the Giants.
Meekln's poor pitching in the first inning
and the miserable work of the team be
hind him all through the game, both as
regards fielding ana batting, was respon
sible for the defeat. Attendance, 150u.
Score :
Club»— R. H. E.
New York 6 7 4
Chicago 7 9 5
Batteries— Meekln an.l Warner; Griffith and
Donahue. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
NEW YORK, June 10.- The Brooklyns
lost again to-day, this time because they
could not hit Young at the right time.
Mike Griffin resigned as manager. Presi
dent Ebbetts has elected himself to run
the team. Attendance 800. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 18 4
Cleveland 8 11 l
Batteries — Kennedy and Ryan; Young and
Zlmmer. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
Seattle Defeats Tacoma.
SEATTLE, June 10.— Seattle 5, hits 4,
errors 4; Tacoma 4, hits 12, errors 6.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 10.—
Clubs—, R. H. E
Spokane 12 15 4
Portland 10 H 2
Geer's Plurality Growing.
PORTLAND, Or., June 10.— Additional
returns received to-day from Monday's
election swell Geer's plurality for Gov
ernor to 10,371.
Bear-Admiral Belknap tells what
the present war has taught our navy
in next Sunday's Can.
TRANSPORTS
SAILING TO
SANTIAGO
Report of: TF)eir Detention
at Key West Only ;
a f^use. ' *
American Regulars Will Land Near
the Beleaguered City on
Sunday.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 10.
It Is strongly suspected here to-night
that reports of the army transports be
ing detained at Key West for fear of
Spain's "phantom fleet" were indulged
in by war and navy strategists for a
purpose. The signal corps instituted
a most rigid censorship of press dis
patches at Tampa and Key West. That
it was effective is evidenced by the
fact that Eastern papers this morn
ing print dispatches from these points
dated June 6 (four days old), marked
"Delayed in transmission." Another
evidence of the efficacy of this censor
ship is the fact that no one in Washing
ton to-night has positive knowledge of
the whereabouts of the army trasports!
It is beginning to dawn upon the
press correspondents, however, that
they have been hoodwinked by the offi
cials. It is generally believed here that
although same of the troop ships may
have been detained at Port Tampa and
Key West, the main body proceeded
toward Santiago, and that the alleged
fear of the Spanish "phantom fleet"
was a ruse de guerre concocted in or
der to conceal the time our troops may
be expected to arrive at Guantanamo
Bay and thus surprise the Spaniards.
If the main flotilla of troopships pro
ceeded to Cuba without delay they may
be expected to arrive at their destina
tion On Sunday. A high official of the
Navy Department to-night confessed
that no fear of Spanish ships was
felt.
"We have no idea that there is a
single Spanish ship off the northern or
western coast of Cuba. The precaution
of holding the expedition at Key West
briefly was part of the original plan."
The Washington correspondent of the
Philadelphia Press (Postmaster-Gen
eral Smith's paper) telegraphs as fol
lo%vs:
"A report that the President had or
dered the transports to be detained at
Key West because of the appearance of
a Spanish squadron eighty miles from
Havana was incorrect. The President
has issued rto such order."
The report of a squadron of Spanish
ships, consisting of a battle-ship, two
cruisers and a torpedo-boat, having
been seen on Tuesday night ei^hr.y
miles west of Havana, sailing in the
direction of that port, is not credited
here. The auxiliary gunboat, which is
reported to have seen these ships, did
not report that they were Spanish ves
sels. The Spanish Government has
only one battle-ship, the Pelayo, which
Is at Cadiz, and is not likely to attempt
to cross the ocean. As that battle-ship
was at Cadiz three days ago it is im
possible that there could be any Span
ish battle-ship in Cuban waters. The
whole story Is Tery fishy.
But if the yarn is true the United
States has an ample fleet about Ha
vana to take care of any such squad
ron as that. The battle-ship Indiana,
the four monitors — the Terror, the Ara
phitrite, the Puritan and the Mianto
nomoh—and the cruisers Detroit and
Montgomery, to say nothing of the aux
iliary boats forming the blockading
fleet, would be more than a match for
any fleet the Spanish could send to
Havana.
There is the best authority for stat-
r ADVERTISEMENTS.
** *% DAWSON CITY
And All Points on the Yukon River.
Elegant Steel ;.<< i p7pri A i\t A \\r m
f Steamship V LfccLAIN AW.
Positive Sailing From Howard-street Wharf No. 2
Saturday, June 11, 3 p. m.
First-Class 'Accommodations. Lowest Rates. Apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
.. . LIEBES BUILDING. 139 POST STREET.
ENHYRdVAL . FILLS:
ENNYROYAL FILLS
_^j£~v ' Original and Only Genuine. ,- A•'
■■-■ /"tf RVA ••ra, »lw»y« relUble.' uoiciukSX
rUnJrwiL Dra e« !> * tor Chlchatert rnoiu* Cia-«r\\
Wgf^SS^MSOynond Brand in Red asd did metallis^Mr '
"fey i —^MKBt»n?». Ktlei with hlno rlh:»on. ' Take Vy
I*l 4|»^ SvSno other. i?t.fti«« dangerous iub<cim- . V -~i
I / ~. ,; ami imilarton*. At Druggisti, or nod 4*. '
I J» ■■ • Jf ie itannt _ftir p»r'irul»r«. t.ntlmonUls tad ! |
\X>* JET ' Relief for Ladle*. 1 ? <» t«K<r, hr return
«\j /?_ MaiL 10,000 T»«tlia«ulnH. >TMt Pastr
- ,>*7rOat<'»iert«rCteißlcalO«.,Mi»i«*ooB< IB i^
NU by all W»' i»- !••«., ■>: . - .. - . ir»i.-» , l*lC,tS
DR.MCNULTY.
T" rM )VEr-r;.KNOW'x AND RicLrABT,K Of.ft
■i. la 1 1 si cures Priv«te,Nervous,Bloort »nd Bkln
'DiseuKf aof Men otify. Manly Power restored. Over j
-oy pars' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
Sin ..S l -Jl Io ?S« Terms reasonable. , Hours. 9 to 3 : j
«!all> ,«:.■» tn S.3orVj««. Sjnduj-s, 10 to 12. Cotisulta- !
; tlou free and aiicreiliycoiindeiitla'. ■, Cad or address j
c. H«sr«i: Mrs wi/tt, w. i*.,
; "o. l^ Kearny Street Han Fr:in<i«-<>- *"•» :
•'!^ttdilßb£*''l wi ''''• *"'"•• n>>n-pouonon»
- «.^^HH?*^^^'feara remedy for (ionorrhifa.
JBlßy^ClJltEti^TOl talent, Spermatorrlura,
/wSSf '' 1 toiiUyf. Tgi Whites, natural did- !
' ffjf .-.'-1 O«»r»ot«d -. V oharipiß, or any inflamni.i-
K*»jil Dot to "*'"•■ tion, irritation or ulcera-
S^JgPrjTtnu comafion. tion of s \n \t co n « r.icni-
H£EvAMsCHtMlf'.«i Co. Cranes. Non-aitringent. ;
'M^IOINCINNATI.O — I Hold by Brnfjlll*.
NFW®k. U.s. a 3hßi or Bent in lain wrapper,
-^OWBffiSi -^»i*H byexprMSß, prepaid, for
. ■ 1 1 - 00 ' .° r » bottles,' *2.75. ■-
Ing that an expedition will go to Porto
Rico very soon. It has been the in
tention to wait until Santiago was cap
tured, and that course may yet be fol
lowed, as it is expected the American
flag will fly over Santiago within the
next five or six days.
In case that result is accomplished
Sampson's fleet will sail for San Juan
and renew the bombardment of that
place. The troops, however, may land
at some distance from the city. The
War Department has taken means to
obtain full information in regard to the
strength of the Spaniards in Porto
Rico and no trouble in the capturing of
that island is anticipated.
It is certain an expedition will sail
for Porto Rico in the near future.
WEDDED AT NIGH T
ON ROLLING BILLOWS
Youthful Monterey County Couple
Join Hands Beyond the Three-
Mile Limit.
MONTEREY, Cal.. June 10.— The par
ticulars of one of the oddest weddings
that ever occurred hereabouts have just
become known and are serving as the
topic of the moment. Last Sunday J. W.
Thompson and Mamie Olsen, aged re
spectively 17 and 17*4 years, drove over
from Salinas, accompanied by the bride's
sister and brother-in-law. Mr. and Mrs.
J. S. Bankson, and endeavored to en
gage a minister to perform a marriage
ceremony for them at sea. Rev. H. S.
Snodgrnss. who is the clergyman always
sought by couples who resort to weddings
on the high seas off this point, positively
refused to pro with them on Sunday, and
they were obliged to wait until the Sab
bath was over. Immediately after mid
niprht. however, the party procured a
boat and set out, and when the three
mile limit was passed the ceremony was
performed. Magnificent moonlight char
acterized the night and added weirdness
to the romantic wedding.
The groom is employed at the sugar
factory at Spreckels and the Jjride was a
resident of Blanco.
STRANGE ACTS OF A HUSDAND.
Failed to Beport the Suicide of His
Wife and Was Very Indifferent.
NEW YORK, June 10.— The dead body
of Mrs. Andrew Hunt of Jersey City
was found hanging to the transom of a
door by her husband when he arose this
morning. He cut the body down and
placed it in bed. Then he prepared
breakfast for himself and three children
and, after eating the morning meal, took
the children to a neighbor, telling the
latter that his wife had killed herself.
He did not report the case to the police,
but went to his place of employment.
Subsequently he was called to police
headquarters to make an explanation. It
is reported that Mrs. Hunt hanged her
self because of domestic unhappiness.
ARRESTED FOR WIFE MURDER.
Aged Man Jailed in Los Angeles on
a Serious Charge.
LOS ANGELES. June 10.— An old man
named Buser, a Swiss, has been arrested
with his oldest son and his son's wife for
the murder of Mrs. Buser. who died from
drinking poisoned milk yesterday. The
couple had separated and Buser has been
under bonds to keep the peace.
■ HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
■ Colored Spots, Aches, : Old - Sores, ' ' Ulcers
■In Mouth, Hair-Fallin?' Write COOK BEM-
■ eDYCO., -'13 MASONIC . TEMPLE, CHI-
■ CAGO, ILL., for proofs- of curea' Capital
1 $300,000. .Worst cases cured lv la to 3i day*.
100-page boolt free. ..: •: '■ •";•; ■-■I'C-;^
'ii A PERMANENT CURE f
S of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ! •
> and Gleet, snaranteed;iir-from 3 to 6 <!
.-k days; no other treatment required. 5
]> / ■  Sold by nil druggists. ' -' r 5 '
_ViAAAAMA^A^>VVWVVVWVVVVWVVVW«fr
Si OPIUM
The pure essential extract from the native dru,T. Co»«
tains [ all th» . valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without Ha noxious elements. No sii-kne«B cf »tomach|
CO Tomlt Jig ; no cosureties ;no headache. All Prngicwta;
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY; AND WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
■ modeled and renovated. , KINO, WARD A
i CO. ;>; European plan. ■ - Rooms 60c to $1 58 day,
»5 to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free bath*; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates in every
room; ; elevator runs all night.CAMP RICHMOND TO
BE BROKEN GRADUALLY.
THE FIFTY-FIRST IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY JOINS
THE COLUMN FOR MANILA.
ALL the officers connected with the
work of getting the second Ma
nila expedition ready for de
parture next week are having i
their hands full, and are exert
ing every effort to have the men on
board the transports on time. General
JT. B. Babcock, General Merrltt's chief
Bf staff, states that the programme as
announced has not been changed. The
troops will embark next Tuesday and
an the following day the fleet, composed
of the China, Colon, Zealandla, Morgan
City and Senator, will sail for the Phil
ippines, touching at Honolulu.
Major J. F. Bell of General Merritt's
Btaff will sail for the Philippines with
the second expedition next Wednes-
Say.
Lieutenant-Colonel Potter, chief en
gineer on General Merritt's staff, will
probably remain in San Francisco un
til the general sails for Manila.
Majors Ruhlen and Wadsworth of the
United States volunteers, and Lieuten
ant Lopez of the navy have been ap
pointed as a board to make the pre
liminary examination of all vessels se
cured in this port for the transporta
tion of troops. Majors Ruhlen and
Wadsworth are also assigned to the
fluty of having the ships put in proper
condition for the reception of the men.
Lieutenant Quan, whose recruiting
office for the Third Artillery is in the
Phelan building, has received a tele
gram from the adjutant-general of the
army, stating that loss of teeth does
not disqualify a man for enlistment in
time of war. About twenty appli
cants have been rejected on this ac
count by Lieutenant Quan, and if they
will apply again their cases will be con
sidered. Most of these men were
otherwise qualified to serve in the
army.
First Lieutenant Chance has been as
signed to duty in the office of Major
Thompson in command of the Volun
teer Signal Corps.
Paymasters McClure, Whipple and
Kilbourne will this morning begin the
work of paying out to the Philippine
expeditionary forces the sum of $940,
000, which pays the entire command
now in San Francisco up to July 1.
At army headquarters yesterday the
information was given out that Camp
Merritt would be abolished gradually
and that the troops would not be moved
in a body from the Richmond district.
The expedition which is scheduled to
pall for Manila next Wednesday will
take nearly four thousand troops from
the camp and another expedition to fol
low a week later will take four thou
sand more. Then the remaining or
ganizations will be transferred to the
Presidio. Troops arriving thereafter
will be placed on the reservation. The
recruits arriving to-day will probably
go to Camp Merritt, but all other or
ganizations that may be ordered to the
j'arific Coast will be quartered else
where.
The officers of the Fourth United
States Cavalry have been officially In
formed that at least one squadron of
the regiment will go to the Philippines.
No orders have been received to pre
pare for the second expedition, hence
it is believed that the troopers will be
ordered to Join the third expedition. The
decision has been finally reached that
horses must be taken. The experiment
must be made some time and General
Merritt, therefore, decides to make it
with the horses of the Fourth Cavalry.
It is said that a ship will be specially
fitted for the accommodation of the
horses.
IOWANS IN CAMP.
The Last of the Volunteers for
the Philippines Expedition
Are Now Here.
The Fifty-first lowa Volunteer Infantry
GRADUATED IN ARMS.
MARCUS P. MILLER, Colonel of the Thirl United States Artlllem
and Brigadier General of Volunteers,
General Miller is an officer of distinction, who gained promotion by
gallant and meritorious conduct during the Civil War. He added renown
to his brilliant record by efficient service in Indian campaigns since the War
of the Rebellion. On account of his worth and experience as an artillery offi
cer he was choeen by Major-General Merrltt to command the First Brigade
ot the Phllipploe «¥Pe<lHlonary. forces. m
landed at the Market-street ferry at 7
o'clock yesterday morning and surren
dered to the Red Cross Society without
the slightest resistance. The ladles had
been waiting for the lowans an hour; in
fact, they waited all day Thursday and
only recalled their outposts when they re
ceived definite Information that the troops
would not get In that night.
Colonel Loper was relieved of the com
mand of his regiment before he had got
half way across the apron to the docK
and led "a willing captive Into the new
quarters of the society In the San Rafael
ferry waiting room. The regiment was
conducted to one of the piers, where arms
were stacked and escorted by the First
Colorado Band marched Into the dining
room.
Special efforts had been made to give
the lowans a cordial reception, for they
had been entertained at many points
along the road and the San Francisco
ladies were determined that there should
be no chance for odious comparisons. The
tablea were filled high with brilllant-hued
flowers, which were used to bedeck the
boys In blue as sonn as they had appeased
their appetites with the steaming break
fast served by dainty hands. Six mem-
I ra of the command who are conval
escing from various complaints were sent
out to the field hospital In an ambulance.
During the meal the Colorado band per
formed several choice selections. TlTe
members, anxious to show their apprecia
tion of the treatment they had received
at the hands of the Red Cross Society,
volunteered thPlr services to welcome and
escort the lowa regiment to camp.
When the meal was concluded Colonel
.Loper mounted a tal>le and on behalf of
his officers and men thanked the members
of the society for their hospitality. He
closed by calling for three cheers for the
Red Cross, which was responded to with
a vigor that only true Americans can
muster.
While the regiment was forming- In line
the detail in charge of the baggage was
cared for by the ladies, who then packed
great hampers with provisions and gave
them to the guard to take out to camp
for the men's lunch. In addition to five
days' travel rations, the Fifty-first
brought ten days' field rations and com
plete me?? kits for each company. but, un
fortunately, the quartermaster's depart
ment did not furnish sufficient trucks to
transport the baggage promptly. so it was
after 4 p. m. when the wagon loaded with
rations and the Red Cross supplies
reached enmp.
Meanwhile the regiment started up
Market street. Its own and the Colorado
band alternating in patriotic airs. Early
as the hour was, thousands of people
lined the streets and cheered the stalwart
lowana lustily as they swung along.
Every man In the regiment was uni
formed, though a few lacked campaign
hats and leggings, and between 300 and
400 were without rifles. No regiment has
gone into camp in better condition than
Colonel Loper's command, which Is ready
to go to Manila as soon as it receives its
ordnance.
Out Golden Gate avenue to Devisadero
marched the regiment, and along Geary
street and Point Lobos avenue to First
avenue. Then back to Fulton street and
down Sixth avenue, marching in review
before Generals Otis, Greene and Miller,
and back to the block directly in front of
the Children's Hospital and east of the
South Dakotans. where it is located. The
tents arrived presently, and soon all the
canvas was up, but no provisions came.
The men made no complaint, but when
the hours dragged along to 3 o'clock and
many were faint with hunger, the Red
Cross Society was notified of the situa
tion. "Word was sent to the corps at the
ferry depot, ana supplies would have
been sent out to the hungry men, but the
ladies found that the food given to the
guard in the morning was then on the
way and would reach camp before fresh
supplies could get there. :iV?v..
When the food did get to camp, soon
after 4 o'clock, another cheer went up
for the Red Cross, and the men made
short work of the edibles. The Buzicott
stoves arrived with the provisions and
were soon in place; fires were built and
later the men had coffee and regular
field rations. To-day they will begin to
draw their rations of fresh beef and vege
tables. . ■
Guard was mounted at 6 o'clock and
the men settled down Into the routine
of camp life, with which they are en
tirely familiar, having been In camp at
Dcs Moines since April 26. If there is any
hard service at Manila It is a safe pre
diction that those lowa lads will give a
glorious account of themselves.
PRESIDIO NOT FAVORED
Troops at Camp Merritt Do Not
Want to Move to the
Reservation.
The first news of the proposed removal
of all troops now at Camp Merritt back
to the Presidio, the next expedition to
Manila excepted, first became known to
the officers and men yesterday through
thp columns of The Call. It can be said
that the proposed removal of the camp
does not meet with the approval of the
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1898.
READY FOR WARM WORK
COLONEL JOHN C LOPER, Fifty-First lowa Volunteers, Wno Arrived in San
Francisco Yesterday.
officers and men, and especially Is this
true among those of the Fourteenth In
fantry and the Seventh California. These
troops have experienced the hardships of
the Presidio as a camping ground, and
the removal question, now that the sol
diers are sottled. Is opposed throughout
Camp Merrltt. As far as can be learned
the removal of the camp Is based upon
the fact that the Presidio is said to be a
more desirable camp for sanitary rea
sons, and that a closer restriction can be
placed there upon the morals of the
men. Both of these facts are, in the
opinion of the medical officers, not worth
considering. The sanitary condition of
Camp Merritt is far superior to that of
the Presidio. The sandy soil of the for
mer is a ready absorbent of camp refuse,
while at the Presidio quite the reverse
was found to be the case. As far as
bettering the morality of the camp is
concerned, the same loose condition will
continue to exist as long as the present
laxity of the guard system prevails.
It now seems highly probable that the
camp will not be moved to the Presidio.
The best thing to be done under the cir
cumstances, according to the general ex
pressions of the officers, would be to move
the camp over beyond Oakland, or to
some place ten or fifteen miles from San
Francisco, bo as to get the men beyond
the demoralizing influences naturally en
gendered by proximity to a large city.
VOLUNTEER SIGNAL CORPS
A Fine Organization That "Will
Go to Manila on the
Flagship.
The volunteer signal corps which Is be
ing organized for the expedition to Manila
is located In a row of tents ten In num
ber, the back of which face on Fifth ave
nue Just north of Fulton street. The
tents are exceedingly comfortable and
four of these are provided with board
floors. The organization 1b immediately
In the rear of the headquarters of the di
vision commander, a position which it will
occupy wherever it may be located, and
being one of the finest branches of the
service it receives more consideration
than do the ordlnaray volunteers. Each
member of the corps will receive two
uniforms and will be armed with latest
pattern revolvers and. six-pou'id carbines
of the Krag-Jorgensen pattern. When it
does move it will go on the flag ship with
the division commander.
Of those who are now in that branch of
the service there are but live who wore
accepted from the twelve of the Second
Brigade signal corps, located in this city.
The names of these aro Emmet Jones,
who was a clerk for Page Bros.; P. C.
Knapp who was receiving teller at tho
Savings and Loan Society: Thornhih Car
many who was with the Bank of Califor
nia; William J. Stock, who was with
Umbsen & Co., and H. F. Juhrs, who was
a sergeant in the corps of the National
Guard.
ORDERS AT CAMP MERRITT
Detachment of Engineers— Go\
ernor Richards of Wyoming
to Be Entertained.
Captain Lougrfltt of " the Engineers
Corps was busy yesterday eelectlng thirty
man from his command, who are to sail
I with the second expedition to Manila.
. This detachment of engineers will be lift.
' der the command of Lieutenant Connor.
Brigadier General H. G. Otis, who has
oeen assigned to the command of the
Fourth Brigade, will establish his head
quarters on Monday and assume com
mand.
The First Nebraska will be paid to-day
to Include June 30, the Idaho battalions
will be paid on Monday, the troop of
Utah cavalry on Tuesday and the Twen
tieth Kansas on the same day.
An order was issued by Major General
Otis yesterday relieving Lieutenant B. C.
Morse. Twenty-third Infantry, from duty
as assistant to the chief commissary of
i subsistence of the Philippine Islands ex
peditionary forces, and detailing First
Lieutenant G. T. Bartlett, Third Artil
lery, in his stead. Lieutenant Morse is
to report back to his regiment.
Captain A. W. Klmball, recently quar
termaster of the Seventh California Regi
ment, was relieved from duty with that
command yesterday by Lieutenant Daniel
Williams. Captain Klmball will report to
General Merrlam.
Captain Dodge, with one sergeant and
private, has been detailed by Colonel
Berry of the Seventh California to go to
the southern part of the State for re
cruiting purposes
Lieutenant Kimball and Sergeant Ives
Cobb, with one trooper, left last night
for Salt Lake City to secure recruits for
the Utah troop of cavalry.
Captain Thomas Dowdell of the Zealan
dla visited Captain Grant of the Utah
Light Artillery yesterday for the purpose
of examining the guns, so as to ascertain
the best way of storing them aboard
ship, as well as to suggest some scheme
as to the mounting of the one to be
placed on the Zealandla's deck.
Major Foote and the officers of the
Wyoming Battalion will be visited by
Governor W. A. Richards of Wyoming
this morning. The Governor will be en
tertained at noon at the officers' mess.
He will be given a midday banquet In
true soldier fashion.
The health of the various commands at
Camp Merritt, with the exception of a
few cases of measles and colds, is excel
lent with the exception of the Seventh
California. In this regiment Lieutenant
Bates, who a few days ago was removed
to the French Hospital, has developed
a case of typhoid fever, while Privates
Mac Donald and Hewett are In the hos
pital with pneumonia. They are doing
well under the circumstances, and are in
no Immediate danger.
It is now positively known that the
First Nebraska will sail on the Senator,
The Idaho battalions and the detachment
from the engineers will go on the Morgan
City.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO.
Departure of California Sixth
Infantry Soldiers for Santa
Cruz.
The Third Artillery camp at the Pre
sidio has been put in very good condi
tion. The use of straw In the tents has
been stopped.
Private Noah C. Perry. Battery G,
Third Artillery, found guilty of larceny,
has been sentenced to be dishonorably
discharged from the service, forfeiting
all bis pay and allowances, and to be con
fined at hard labor for one year at Alca
traz Island.
A recruiting office for batteries A and B
of the Third Artillery has been opened at
Camp Miller, on the Presidio, by Lieu
tenant Koster.
M. Quimby, the well known bicyclist of
San Jose, has enlisted in tha Third Artil-
Company F, Sixth California Volun
teers, in command of Captain Lucy, has
gone to Santa Cruz to guard the powder
works. At the ferry yesterday noon the
soldiers were giver, a farewell dinner by
the ladles of the Red Cross Society. Lieu
tenant Hughes has been appointed quar
termaster, adjutant, commissary and ord
nance officer of the company. This com
pany is one of the very best organizations
yet mustered into the service.
ALBATROSS ABOUT READY.
The Fearless May Convoy
Steamships to the Phil
ippines.
The United States steamship Albatross,
now flying the flag of Rear-Admiral Mil
ler, commander-in-chief of the Pacific
station, is about ready to leave the Union
Iron Works, at which place she has been
lying for the past month, undergoing ex
tensive repairs for sea service, and will
anchor in the bay and continue as the
flagship of the fleet until the Philadel
phia comes down from the navy-yard,
when it is proposed to transfer the flag
to the big cruiser. As the Albatross is
the property of the Fish Commission and
as the services of a vessel are required
to look after the salmon fishing interests,
it is very probable" that she will resume
her former occupation in the North pa
cific, in addition to convoying treasure
S A PS large m number of naval apprentices
have been assigned" to duty, on the smaller
vessels of the Pacific squadron and to
some of the auxiliary vessels. This has
been done with the view of detaching a
force of seamen from the revenue cutters
and sending them to the ships at Ma
nila on the second expedition _
The Rush has gone to Mare Island
navy-yard for the purpose offing
ammunition and stores and an additional
number of naval apprentices from the re
ceiving ship Independence. She will be
ready to proceed to her patrol station
upon her return next week. _ • T TnW
The Corwin has arrived at the Union
Iron Works and is having some minor
repairs made to her machinery and maga
zine It was the intention of the officials
at Washington to send one or more of the
revenue cutters at this port to act as con
voys to the vessels carrying the second
expedition to Manila, but it was found
that their coal-carrying oapacit 5 was in
ben^ir^rei^,r p e lhi^! Ch ln ha a. c i
nrobablllty the fast ocean-going tug Fenr
fess which is about ready for sea, will be
attached to the fleet of troop ships and
go with them to the Philippines.
WASHINGTON REGIMENT.
Eanners Presented to the Vol
unteers—Heavy March
ing Tests.
The Washington regiment stationed at
the Fontana warehouse yesterday re
ceived a handsome Bet of hospital banners,
the gift of five patriotic young lfor
nians the children of. Mrs. Lillian Marsh
Wheeler. Accompanying the three ban
ners was the following letter:
• gam TrnANCISCO, Cal., June 9. 1893.
Colone? nfeT FlSt Washington Regiment of
five little children, n^tl?/ .£"%,,Viv" tt :
Wheeler Olive Brewster Wheeler, Eliza mi n
Wheeler' Jean Boalt Wheeler and Charles
RtMKon Wheeler Jr. They are native-born
CalUornians and have ny» little American
hearts. Verj^lncerely. MARgH WHEELER.
2020 Broadway.
Colonel Fife and his command feel most
grateful for the mementos, and. on behalf
of the regiment, the colonel sent a note to
the thoughtful mother and her children,
thanking them most cordially for the
Monday the Colonel will march his
command to the Cliff House and return
against time, An early start Is to be
made. and. under heavy marching order,
they will see what could Be done under
such conditions during actual war.
The Washington boys are very- asxlous
to go to the front with the next expedi
tion but so far have received no orders.
Their many friends at headquarters are
hard at work, however, and Colonel Fife
has assurances that they will be among
the first to embark on the third expedi
t on should they be overlooked on the
second. They are now fully equipped and
ready to march at an hour's notice, ru
mors to the contrary notwithstanding.
The many statements to the effect that
these troops were to be used to garrison
the different posts along the Pacific Coast
are erroneous as all their equipment has
been issued to conform to that of the
troops already detailed for the Philip
pines.
A FINE BODY OF MEN.
Brigadier - General Greene's
Opinion of the Troops En
camped Here.
Brigadier General Greene, in command
cf the First Brigade at Camp Merrill,
visited several of the large Eastern
camps before reporting for duty here and
made a careful study of . the personnel of
the troops. General Greene says that no
where has he seen a finer body of men or
better drilled soldiers than those now
S¥ff«JFffits!S ¥ff«JFffits!2 IK&£1 K&£S lU™.
forms was at once begun. In a few days
the enTire command will be thoroughly
6C C oFo nel Loper of the Fifty-first lowa
was notified yesterday that no horses
would be taken to Manila, and Is almost
broken-hearted In consequence. Two days
before he left Dcs Moines for San Fran
cisco the colonel became the proud pos
sessor of a „ magnificent thoroughbred
He telegraphed to General Otis asking f
tne field and staff officers would be al
lowed to take . their horses with them,
and received an affirmative reply. He
brought his thoroughbred and now finds
that lie will have to sell it or ship It back
h The paymaster will visit the.Nebraska
boys to-day and ; give them each # two
months 9 pay. The • regiment ; is now fully
2qu"pped. and Colonel Bratt said yester
day It was ready to march -on board the
transport at a moment's notice. Officers
and men are overjoyed at being chosen
to accompany the second expedition. .
A TIMELY LESSON.
Merchants Will Find It Profit
able to Deal Squarely With
Uncle Sam.
Cities, as well as Individuals, will learn
In time that nothing is gained by taking
advantage of the Government's Immedi
ate necessities to advance the price of
goods. The Chicago beef men have been
taught a lesson and they are now "beef-
Ing." As the Government made demands
for large quantities of canned beef the
price was gradually advanced by the Chi
cago packers controlling the market un
til the article which sold for 9 cents a
pound at the breaking out of the war
was advanced to 14 cents.
The officers charged with the respon
sibility of procuring army supplies did not
say much, but one day recently an order
came by wire from Washington to add
canned salmon to the army ration. The
wav beef dropped when the salmon tele
gram came was startling. It went down
like a steer in the Chicago stock yards.
A merchant in this city at once wired
to a leading Chicago firm thla concise
message: "You have killed, the goose
CAPTAIN CARRINGTON, U. S. A, ON THE LIST FOR
PROMOTION TO BRIGADIER-GENERAL
that laid the golden egg." The respon
sive telegram was to this effect: "Re
duce the price of canned beef." It was
too late. The salmon had got in his
work, and as a result a market is estab
lished for one of the great products of
the Pacific. It is calculated that the sal
mon sufficient for an army ration, once
in ten days, will amount to 10,000,000
pounds annually.
Colonel William H. Baldwin, commis
sary of subsistence, has been ordering im
mense quantities of supplies in San Fran
cisco. A vast sum of money will he put
In circulation by reason of the extensive
orders lodged in this city. Colonel Bald
win understands his business much bet
ter than some of the dealers here im
agine. A few days ago he observed that
some men had combined to put up the
price of goods on Uncle Sam. He said
nothing, but went into the market and
had Macondray & Co. buy goods for the
Government as though the purchases
were on Individual account. The com
biners were hurt and consequently they
squealed.
NO NORTH OR SOUTH.
Veterans of the Blue and Gray
in the Idaho Camp
The Idaho battalions have the honor of
having in their midst a proof that
there Is no longer any North or South,
that the differences of nearly forty years
ago are forgotten and that to-day the
people of the United States are one.
Colonel Jones, commander of the bat
talions, was one of the bravest officers
in the Confederate service, while Major
McConville of the Idaho troops wore the
blue and served with conspicuous gal
lantry. It was In the seven days' struggle
around Richmond that these two soldiers,
who are now white-haired veterans, faced
each other in the daily encounters.
Colonel Jones was in the Fifty-sixth Vir
ginia under Longstreet, while Majnr Mc-
Conville served under Porter. To-day
these one-time enemies are comrades and
warm friends, and it Is with that certain
high regard for each other that brave
men always entertain for a fearless ene
my that they recall the past and rejoice
in the fact that they can at last stand
shoulder to shoulder under a common
flag.
RUSH OF APPLICANTS.
Activity at the Recruiting
Station of the First Cali
fornia Regiment.
The recruiting office for the First Regi
ment of California Volunteers, which was
opened in the Armory at Page and Gough
streets at 2 o'clock yesterday, did a rush
ing business during the afternoon. Cap
tain Naphtaly enrolled eighty-five men.
At this rate it will take only a few days
to secure the 300 recruits required to fill
up the First Regiment to the limit. Cap
tain Carrington will muster in these re
cruits as fast as they pass the medical
examination. They will be forwarded to
the regiment at Manila at the first op
portunity. The recruiting office hours are
from 10 to 12 and frum 2 to 4 o'clock.
LEADS THE FOURTH.
Brigadier-General Harrison G.
Otis Is in the Field.
Brigadier General Harrison G. Otis, for
merly of the Los Angeles Times, is now
in the field at the head of one of the best
brigades ever organized. The troops des
ignated to follow his leadership are the
Seventh California Volunteers, First Mon
tana, First South Dakota and First Wy
oming-. The command is known as the
Fourth Brigade of the Independent Di
WIELDS BOTH SWORD AND PEN.
BRIGADIER-GENERAL CHARLES KING, Soldier and Author, Who
Has Joined General Merritt.
Brigadier Genera! Charles King, more popularly known as Captain King,
U. S. A., is now In this city, and will be assigned to duty under Major Gen
eral Merritt. General King is a combination of the fighter and author, two
occupations which seldom run together. Personally he looks the soldier.
Though small of stature, he carries the air of a man who has seen service
in the field and one who has sought the bubble reputation at the cannon's
mouth.
General King wishes to be known as a soldier. Novel producing is to
him a side issue of life, attendant with a great meed of pleasure and offer
ing the means by which a comfortable living may be secured. The life on
the frontier, the raids of the red savages and the hand-to-hand conflicts of
the early day Indian fighting are all treasured recollections of the soldier
novelist. In his stories he lives the life of his fighting days over again— the
days with William F. Cody and the brave cavalrymen in the Sioux cam
paign of '76.
The career of General King has been characterized by the swish of the
saber, the noise of the gun and the peace of National Guard service. Upon
his retirement from the regular army on account of serious wounds re
ceived in actual service on the frontier, General King received a commission
of high rank in the State of Wisconsin. When General Merritt was assigned
to this post he asked the President for a commission for Captain King,
which was almost immediately granted. General Merritt and General
King have fought for their country before in the same regiment and they
are friends both of war and peace.
As a litterateur nothing but success has marked the efforts of the au
thor of "The Colonel's Daughter." "Kitty's Conquest" and "The General's
Double." though "Kitty's Conquest" suffered the proverbial fate of the in
itial effort of all successful writers. It was sent to Harper's, and the usual
sorrow-provoking stamp of declination indorsed upon It by the omnipotent
publisher and returned to the expectant author. The story was thrown in a
trunk, made the tour of Western military posts, and would have been con
signed to oblivion had not General King tried again where the scalpel
wielding publisher cried no. The second book was published serially in the
United Service Magazine. This drew the attention of the Lippincotts and also
the Harpers. One day Harry Harper met King, and he wanted to know
why he did not send him his stories, promising that he would publish every
thing he wrote. The second time "Kitty's Conquest" was sent to a pub
lisher it did not come back. In all, General King is the author of thirty
novels, besides descriptive essays on the people, the country and the times
in which he has lived.
The frontier has been his chosen field In the past. The future may bring
forth something with an Oriental setting.
LISTED FOR PROMOTION.
In the distribution of brigadiers
it is said that California is entitled
to another star. There are many
applicants for the position, but,
according to inside advices Cap
tain Carrlngton, U. S. A., may re
ceive a commission as brigadier
general of volunteers In time to
permit him to take the leadership
of a brigade belonging to the third
expedition to Manila. Captain Car
rington has been on duty with the
National Guard of California for
several years and recently per
formed efficient service in muster
ing in volunteers under the first
call for troops in this State.
vision of the Philippine expeditionary
forces and is slated to sail for Manila
with the third expedition.
It was announced somi-officially yester
day that Brigadier General Otis had ap
pointed Captain Murphy, son cf United
States Senator Murphy of New York, ad
jutant general of the brigade. Captain A.
W. Kiniball, son of Colonel Amos S. Kim
ball, U. S. A., formerly chief quartermas
ter of the Department of California and
at present depot quartermaster, New
York city, has been selected brigade
quartermaster. General Otis is surely
calling to his assistance some of the
ablest young officers in the service. With
such gallant troops and excellent officers
the Fourth Brigade should make a fine
record at the front.
HIT BY A BULLET.
Casualty at Target Practice of
the Tenth Pennsyl
vania.
That the life of Private Conn, Company
H, Tenth Pennsylvania, was not snuffed
out yesterday morning is wholly due to
the hardness of his head and the fact
that he was hit by only half a bullet.
As it is he is lying in the hospital of his
regiment suffering fever and pain from a
severe though not dangerous scalp
wound.
Conn was acting as marker in the rifle
pits at Camp Merritt while a squad of
men from his company were having a
practice shoot.
A bullet, not too well directed, struck
a bolt of the framework of the target
and splinters of lead flew in every direc
tion. One of these struck Private Conn
in the head, rendering him unconscious,
and in this condition he was taken to the
regimental hospital.
His attendants say that a few days of
camp treatment will put him again in
fighting trim.
Rear-Admiral Belknap tells what
the present war has taught our navy
in next Sunday's Call.
LATE STUPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRAN'S-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MOVILLE— SaiIed June 10— Stmr Ethiopia,
for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed June 10— Stmr Cevlo.
for New York.
GENOA— Arrived June 10— Stmr Werra. from
New York.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June K>— Stmr Lai
canla, from New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed June 10— Stmr Aller, tot
New York,
NEW YORK— Arrived June 10— Stmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool.
56
SATURDAY JUNE 11, 1808
JOHN P. SPRE:CK£LS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main ISCS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
"THE 6AN FRANCKSCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
eerved by carriers In ttjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cent*.
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ 770n« year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
fcEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World BuHdln*
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfts Hone*
C..C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROG.NESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:20 o'clocK- 287 Hayes street, «Den until
9:30 o'clocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clocK- 1505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'rlocK- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
KentucKy streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— " The New Dominion,"
Baldwin-" The Passion Play.'
Alcazar— "The Master of Ceremonies."
Morosco'B— 'The Cotton Kin*
Tlvoll— "An American Hero."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.-
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man
• Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Bathe— Swimming:,
El Campo— Music dancinjr. boating, fishing , every Sunday.
Press Clnb— Sale of sketches for the benefit of the Bed Cro; s
Society, to-day, June 11. from 2 to 5 and 8 to 11 P. M.
Kecreation Park — Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing- — Inglcslde Coursing- Park. I
Coursing— At Union Coursinsr Park.
Excursion to Los Gat os— Friday, June IT.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Buttertie.d This dsy, June 11. Safes, Scales
and Tools, at 102 Clay 6treet, at 11 o cJocK.
(I HOT TIME IN SAUSALITO.
DRIVEN from San Francisco and forced to
abandon an attempt to establish themselves in
San Mateo County, the pool-sellers are con
gregating at Sausalito in such numbers it is doubt
ful if the town can hold them all. Rivalries and jeal
ousies are reported to have broken out among them,
and a battle is imminent for the possession of the
field. The former monopoly of the traffic is at bay
against the new comers and a hot time is expected.
That such a contest should be waged in Sausalito
is not to her credit, nor is it to the interest of her
people. Among the localities around San Francisco
none has greater natural attractions than Sausalito,
none could with better reason expect to become the
suburban home of the wealth and culture of the
metropolis. All such expectations, however, will be in
vain if the town falls under the domination of the
gambling element and becomes the established resort
of pool-sellers and their prey.
The evils of the pool-selling traffic have been re
peatedly exposed by The. Call. They include tempta
tions which in too many cases lead women, young
men and even school-children to gamble. From the
time the gambling mania is once fixed upon the mind
the downward course is rapid. The inveterate player of
the races soon begins to resort to all manner of tricks
to obtain money for the game, and not infrequently
becomes a betrayer of trust, a forger and a thief. All
this is well known. It will not be any different in
Sausalito from what it has been elsewhere, and it be
hooves the people of that community to weigh well
the consequences of permitting the open running of
poolrooms in their town.
It may cause a hot time in Sausalito to drive the
pool-sellers out as was done in San Mateo, but Sausa
lito will have a hotter time if she does not. Instead
of becoming the home of some of the better elements
of the people of the city she will become the resort
of the worst. Her boys and girls will grow up sub
ject to evil influences, her young men will be con
tinually enticed to betray the trust of their employers,
and scandals and crimes will become common things
in her local history.
Good examples have been set for Sausalito to profit
by in this regard. A short time ago, under the in
fluence of a crusade begun and vigorously carried on
by The Call, the authorities of Ynlo suppressed a gang
of gamblers who, driven out from Sacramento, had
made their headquarters on the Yolo side of the
river. Recently San Mateo, profiting by the exposure
of the pool-selling evil made in The Call, drove the
illicit traffic out of that county. In San Francisco it
self the traffic, according to reports made to the Mer
chants' Association by Chief of Police Lees, has been
suppressed. Now it is the turn of Sausalito to act.
Captain Aaruus of a German steamer now at Phil
adelphia will pay $5000 fine for wanton violation of
maritime laws. As he is the same truculent indi
vidual who loudly proclaimed a wish that the Span
ish mieht triumph, he has been guilty of more of
fenses than the one mentioned. He ought to be
kicked as well as fined.
Announcement is made officially for the second
time that the Queen Regent has not been interviewed.
The only claim that she had been came from the yel
low journal which printed the stuff alleged to have
been said by her, and as nobody for an instant be
lieevd it, the utility of these denials does not appear.
While Chief Lees proclaims that he will continue
in office he should remember that he !s only a minor
ity in the Police Commission. He will either be
obliged to hypnotize his associates or follow the
present programme.
It is a strange circumstance that the appropriation
for care of the streets should have been exhausted in
eleven months and ?o few indications of this lavish
expenditure be visible.
The same "patriotic" spirit which has tried so hard
to stir up revolt among the soldiers is now engaged
in an effort to create a row among the higher officials
of the army.
That Dubosc, the Spanish spy, should have been
put in a Canadian jail was proper. But his getting
out so soon may almost be regarded as an impro
priety.
The ferry building is almost complete, and not a
man connected with the construction has been in
dicted. Here is a triumph, but not exactly of justice.
Mr. Huntington js not always consistent. He now
thinks the war will be a good thing, whereas he for
a time showed a tendency to be a peace party.
But even if Dickinson have no National Guard to
command, he can hang his uniform coit on a
stretcher and view it with joy. j
fl BARBARIC YAWP.
NEVER since the day when good old Walt Whit
man invented the phrase has there been in the
United States Senate a wilder illustration of a
"barbaric yawp" than the speech made by Senator
Tom Carter on the report of a bill granting American
registry to certain steamers needed by the Government
for use as transports. Mr. Carter did not discuss the
bill itself. He had learned that a steamer, the Cen
tennial, hailing from Puget Sound, had been rejected
by United States officers at this port, and that fact
was the theme of his raucous roar.
The Senator began by declaring he knew nothing
of the Centennial, and then went on to say she had
a first class clearance from Vancouver and had for
merly been used as a transport in the Japanese ser
vice and afterward as a hospital ship by the same
Government. From a man who knew nothing of the
vessel that much information concerning her was re
markable, but not so remarkable as the conclusion he
drew from it. She was a transport ship In the service
of Japan years ago, the Senator argued, so why com
plain of her now as a transport ship for us? Just so
a country landlord is reported to have once rebuked
a traveler for complaining that a towel was dirty by
assuring him "there have been fifty men wiped on that
towel and you are the first to say it isn't clean."
Knowing nothing of the subject, according to his
own confession, Senator Carter maintained that the
rejection of the Centennial had been procured by cer
tain shipping interests in San Francisco in order that
the owners of those interests might hold up the Gov
ernment and extort from its needs high rates for ships
furnished for transport purposes. A charge of that
kind, made without a single scintilla of evidence on
which to rest it, can be fitly characterized only as a
lie. One does not like to use that word with reference
to a United States Senator, but that is the only proper
one in this connection.
Since the Alaskan rush began last summer the
people of this coast have had fearful warnings of the
danger of sending untrustworthy ships to sea. In this
port we have had the tragedy of the Almy almost
within the Golden Gate, and between this point and
Juneau many a wreck has occurred to emphasize the
truth that an old hulk is not to be trusted on the deep
sea simply because in years gone by she was a stanch
good ship and made voyages half round the world.
The rejection of the Centennial was made for the
protection of the brave men who are to be carried by
the Government to the Philippines to uphold the flag
of the nation in war. To have sent troops to sea in an
unfit vessel would have been a crime as foul as trea
son and murder combined. That in itself furnished
sufficient reason for the rejection of any vessel whose
seaworthiness is at all doubtful. When Senator Car
ter, knowing nothing of the matter, sought for some
other explanation of the rejection and finding none
invented the theory that it had been done in the in
terests of the shipowners of San Francisco, he passed
the limits of fair debate and put himself in the cate
gory of those reckless and vindictive orators who
render their malice harmless by venting it without
any regard for veracity.
BOSSISM BOILED DOWN.
THE unrepresentative character of the committee
of one hundred appointed by the "whispering"
Boss McNab and his coadjutors in political
conspiracy to take charge of the Democratic party of
this city ought to appall the Democrats of the en
tire nation. If there is any one thing more than an
other for which Democracy stands it is the right of
"the people" to be represented in party committees
and party conventions. Yet here is a case in which
not only have the State bosses ignored the rank and
file of the party and the people in this city, but in
which they have fastened upon them an appointed
committee with full power to filch their political lib
erties from them. If the 'whispering" boss were
really a Democrat — which, being a Hessian, he is
not — he would stand aghast at the enormity of his
own acts.
There are in this city eighteen Assembly Districts.
To create a county committee for either party of a
representative character it would be necessary to ap
portion it among them according to the vote cast at
the last election. In 1896 the Democrats carried nine
Assembly Districts and the Republicans nine. Seven
of the Democratic districts are south of Market
street, and therefore in order to be representative a
county committee of that party would have to be
elected or appointed mainly from among the Demo
crats of the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth,
Thirty-first, Thirty-second and Thirty-third Assem
bly Districts.
The committee of one hundred appointed by Boss
McNab to rule the Democracy of San Francisco has
not only not been chosen from these Democratic
Assembly Districts — it has bee.n chosen from the Re
publican districts. Seventy-three of its members
come from regions which never return Democratic
legislators. Seventeen reside in the Fortieth Assem
bly District, which in 1896 gave 809 Republican ma
jority; eleven reside in the Thirty-ninth District,
which gave at the same time 571 Republican majority;
thirteen reside in the Thirty-seventh, which gave 160
Republican majority. Here is the way "Whispering"
Gavin has taken care of the party of which he claims
to be a member: Twenty-eighth District, 379 Demo
cratic majority, 1 representative; Twenty-ninth, 731
majority, 3 representatives; Thirtieth District, 540
majority, 2 representatives; Thirty-first District, 919
majority, 2 representatives; Thirty-second District,
405 majority, 1 representative, and so on.
One Democratic Assembly District only has been
properly recognized. We refer to the Forty-fifth.
This region gave 140 Democratic majority at the elec
tion in 1896. It has upon the committee of one hun
dred nine representatives. The good fortune of the
Forty-fifth is accounted for by the fact that Boss Mc-
Nab himself resides in it.
The interesting question in connection with the ap
pointment of the committee of one hundred is this:
Will the Democrats of San Francisco stand it? Boss
McNab's theory is apparent. All he wants of the or
ganization is to secure its right to a place on the offi
cial ballot. He will nominate his tools for office, call
them "Democrats," and with his newspaper organ
demand their election in the name of "reform." In
this way he hopes to get control of the local govern
ment. A more flagrant case of bossism has never
been developed in this city. It is enough to make
"Whispering" McNab's preceptor, the late Mr. Hig
gins, turn over in his grave.
Sampson's shells at Santiago are said to have been
worth half a million dollars, but they cost Spain so
much more than this that nobody minds the expense.
Since a price of $25,000 has been put on the head of
Aguinaldo it is likely the head that wears a crown
is not the only one to rest uneasy.
Something more than an expression of displeasure
ought to be visited upon any contractor who furnishes
the camps with tainted meat.
There is a natural tendency to despise a spy, unless
he is spying for our side
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1898.
Q MERICANS know one flag. This is the stars
/ \ and stripes, the sign of liberty and unity. There
are streamers of special significance afloat
over the ships of the navy, and some of the higher
officials of the Government have individual flags, but
for the people of this great country there is one
token of common brotherhood, one emblem, the
shadow of which is a protection to the humblest
upon whom its shadow falls. At sight of it the heart
beat quickens and there comes over the beholder an
impulse to defend the honor of the colors even at the
cost of life. So it is that the flag is floating above
far shores that had been alien, while brave men are
on the sea hastening to uphold it there where justice
has reared it. So it is that the men of the navy have
covered themselves with fame. The flag had been
assailed; they fought for it, and, unsullied, it catches
the tropic breeze.
It was June 14, 1777, Congress adopted a resolu
tion: "That the flag of the United States be thirteen
stripes, alternating red and white, and that the union
be thirteen stars, white in a blue field, representing
a new constellation."
And to-day such is the flag, except that the thir
teen stars have grown to be forty-five, and the little
collection of colonies is a giant nation. Next Tues
day will be the hundred and twenty-first anniversary
of the adoption of these colors. It could not fittingly
be permitted to pass without a demonstration such as
the country has never witnessed. On that day the
flag should be displayed from every housetop and
pole. It s-hould decorate the schools, the places of
business and the citizens themselves.
In this time of war feelings that ordinarily lie dor
mant have been aroused. Men and women are con
scious, gladly, of a thrill of love for their country, an
impulse to do something to show how they revere
the flag and all it represents. They shower favors on
the soldiers, willingly and eagerly, because the regard
for the soldiers going to battle for this flag is an ac
tual affection.
There is a quaint Oriental expression terming
America "the land of the beautiful flag." Such it is.
But the beauty of the token is not alone in its com
bination of hues. It is the beauty of an honored his
tory and a cause ever just; a beauty appealing to the
soul as to the eye. And on Tuesday next, when the
flag shall have reached the age of 121 years, now that
the sentiment of the country has been stirred to its
deeps, that men are dying and offering to die to
preserve it, there should be a demonstration, radiant,
tumultuous, splendid, widespread, to mark the event.
There cannot be too many flags on show. There
cannot be too great a wave of enthusiasm.
Her* Sy the Golden Gate which opens now to new
possibilities, the Golden Gate whence America
reaches out to the distant isles, through which the
armed strength of the republic pours to carry liberty
and civilization, it is meet that the demonstration be
grand in its unanimity and fervor. We are all pa
triots. We love the flag. Let us spread it to the
Western winds that day until the city shall be as an
army with banners, proclaiming the stars and stripes
its colors, and glorying to see them fly.
AFRESH political breeze blows from Oregon.
The Republicans of that State declared openly,
plainly and without reservation for the single
gold standard, retirement of greenbacks and sound
money.
The Democracy, Populists and free silver Repub
licans fused, tight and fast, on free silver, unlimited
paper issued by the treasury, and the whole line of
fads in the Populist platform. The fusion programme
was a regular political bargain counter, intended to
attract customers with any kind of wheels in their
head.
The result is the greatest Republican victory Ore
gon has had in many years, and the fusion forces are
scattered in ghastly and hopeless confusion.
The vote stands: Republican 35,648, fusion 28,078,
with a few small counties to hear from, which will
increase the Republican total much and the fusion
total little.
The Bryan Democracy in Oregon can now take its
bearings and see how much it has gained under the
leadership of Pennoyer, Miller and Burnett.
In 1888 Oregon gave Cleveland 26,519 votes, to
Harrison's 33,269. That was the last straight party
vote in the State. The natural increase in the Dem
ocratic vote should be about 4 per cent per annum,
or 10,607 votes in the ten years since 1888, and the
straight party vote should have been this year 37,026.
Therefore the fusion policy of Pennoyer has deprived
the party of its natural accretions and leaves it
weaker in fusion alliance than it would have been
standing alone.
Herein is a warning to Republicans. The history
of political fusion in the United States is that when
ever parties suppress or abandon their principles to
enter into such alliances the resulting fusion is finally
weaker than the original, straight party would have
been standing alone.
The best of party leadership is exhibited in stand
ing stiffly by principles and educating the people in
them until a majority comes to agree to them. Vic
tories waited for and won by that policy are won to
stay.
With the single exception of Mr. Cleveland's
twelve years' leadership and Mr. Tilden's brief
rule, the Democracy has had no principles that it
was not willing to abandon for the sake of a fusion
which promised office to a few of its self-seeking
I leaders. Beaten in 1888 on the free trade issue, Mr.
Cleveland compelled it to fight on the same line four
years later, and won. The party in power had not
the devotion to its own principles necessary to carry
them out, and a Democratic Congress failed so
j wretchedly in its tariff tinkering as to cause Mr. Cleve
j land to declare that the Wilson bill represented noth
ing but perfidy and dishonor. In 1890 the party sur
rendered the free trade issue, and in defiance of its
traditions took up fiat money.
Note now the difference between Republican stead
i fastness and Democratic weathercocking. The Re
publicans were beaten in 1800 and in 1892 on the pro
tection issue. There arose among them a school of
j cowards and opportunists, who sought alliance with
! Populism and free silver to make a substitute issue for
protection, which they desired to abandon. The party
I stood steadfast, however, and its fidelity to its prin
! ciples even in defeat caused the bolt at St. Louis and
the organization of the free silver Republican party,
which is looking around now for a sty and a swill
barrel, and seeks to fuse with the same elements that
have just had their quietus in Oregon.
Spain is said to believe the Philippines lost. Much
depends on the point of view. To many people
they seem just to have been found.
Let none of our boys be sent to sea in unseaworthy
ships. The occasion demands sacrifice, but not by the
boatload.
California weather ought to be ashamed of itself.
It is acting as if subsidized by the Spanish.
UNDER ONE FLAG.
THE WORK OF FUSION.
BLUE AND THE GRAY.
MUSIC PLAYED ON THE BALTI
MORE AFTER DEWEY'S BATTLE.
ON the Ist day of May the American naval force at Manila completely
the Spanish fleet. On the following day the Baltimore and the
Raleigh went to the forts commanding the entrance to the bay and
demanded their surrender. The Spaniards surrendered those works.
The mechanical and deadly precision of the first day was succeeded by
the business-like demand for surrender on the second day. Nothing is more
characteristic of American seamen than their return on the third day to a
semblance of routine, the cool, brave, imperturbable Yankee! On May 3,
while the Spaniards were beside themselves with rage and excitement, the
Americans, at ease on board their trusty ships, had musical relaxation. The
band on the United States steamship Baltimore played from a programme
which was printed in colors on board ship, and which was headed by "Old
Glory." Among the selections was "The Blue and the Gray," token of the
ability of Americans both to fight and to forgive. The programme in use
on that occasion has just been received in this city in a letter addressed to
Mrs. M. A. Kelton, 714 Howard street, by her son Harry, who was one of
the brave crew of the Baltimore. The same music will be played at one- of
the concerts in Golden Gate Park for the historical interest attached. Be
low is a fac simile of the programme:
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS,
E. McGettigan of Vallejo is at the Russ.
S. W. Crabb of Oakville is at the Pal
ace.
W. H. Alford of Visalla Is at the Cali
fornia.
A. Novell, a Guatemalan merchant, Is
at the Lick.
\Y. C. Aspinwall, Wahpeton, N. D., is
at the Buss.
George D. Eaton is stopping at the Cali
fornia Hotel.
Dr. T. H. Huntingdon of Sacramento is
at the Grand.
J. B. Peakes of Santa Cruz is stopping
at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Mitchell of Los
Angeles are at the Palace.
Alexander W. McConnell of Kobe,
Japan, is a guest at the Occidental.
A story is told
on William
Sproule, traffic
manager of the
Southern Pacific
Company, which
shows how genius
and versatility
will sometimes lead a man into the slough
of error. Mr. Sproule has a reputation
for cleverness as a raconteur and as a
man of polite learning. His mind is of
that order which has a place both for
figures and for the artistic. One of those
things of which he is especially proud Is
his stupendous familiarity with the sym
bols of rank, political and social. No
matter how much of the alphabet is at
tached to the skirts of a name Mr.
Sproule is never at a loss in determining
the position of the owner in the world
of the bon ton. In the select coterie of
wits and bon vivants at the Bohemian
Club many a task of alphabet reading has
been performed by Mr. Sproule. But the
hardest task of the kind that he ever at
tempted was one afternoon not long ago
when a Mr. Murphy called on him at his
business office. The card brought to
the railroad magnate read: "Edward
Murphy, O. B. C." Who was Murphy,
and what was all "this alphabetical adorn
ment? "G. B. C." went through the
mind of the dilettante and no solution
was offered by the powers of reason or
the stores of a vast experience. All the
abbreviated titles of royalty were con
sidered and still no light. Exhausted by
the mental strain Mr. Sproule told the
office boy to show Mr. Murphy to his
office at once.
The first question launched at the vis
itor was: "What in the world does G. B.
C. stand for?" Murphy grew two inches,
and with a swelling chest and erect head
answered in a very dignified manner:
"Sir, that means graduate of business
college." The shock was too much for
the erudite Sproule and he succumbed at
the awful discovery. Mr. Murphy was
there for a position. He did not get it.
WHY WILLIAM
SPROULE DID
NOT KNOW.
W. S. Cone of Red Bluff is in the city
on a vacation and is residing at the Pal
ace.
John M. Steele and S. A. Adams of the
United States navy are stopping at the
Occidental.
J. Levi and family and H. L,evl have
returned from a trip to Europe of a year's
duration and are residing at the Palace.
William A. Richards, Governor of Wy
oming, accompanied by J. D. Freeborn
and A. C. Richards, arrived last night and
is stopping at the Palace.
W. J. Calhoun of Illinois, W. A. Day of
Washington and Edward A. Mosely of
Washington, all members of the Inter
i »ta,te Commerce Commission, which baa
Just held a session at Portland, Oregon,
arrived in this city yesterday and are
stopping at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, June 10.— A. Stern 19 at
the Savoy; John W. Rourke, San Fran
cisco, is at the Manhattan; W. C. Jur
gens of Berkeley is at the Hoffman; W.
Mackay of San Francisco is at the Ger
lacb; J. A. Robinson of San Francisco is
at the Imperial.
BETWEEN BUGLE CALLS.
"I understand," said the young: woman,
"that you speak Spanish like a native of
Spain."
The linguist drew himself up haughtily
and inquired:
"Am I to understand that you desire to
Impugn my character for veracity?"—
Washington Star.
"Mrs. Flighty made a terrible mistake
at her luncheon yesterday."
"What was it?"
"She had Malaga grapes."— Detroit Free
Press.
"Anti-monopolists!" echoed Fanner
Corntossel, who had been approached by
an agitator. " 'Course we are."
"But are you sure you carry your prin
ciples far enough?"
"We couldn't carry 'em no furder. Folks
aroun' here won't even play checkers any
more fur fear o' cornerln' somethln'."—
Washington Star.
"Pennywiggle tells me that his wife
helped him to get out his last volume of
verses. I didn't know she was literary."
"She's not. All she did was to persuade
her father to stand the expense of the
publication."— lndianapolis Journal.
"Well, we'va got a cook at last that
just suits me."
"Bakes Just such biscuits aa your moth
er used to make, I suppose?"
"No; I can't eat the stuff she prepares
for us; I have to take my meals at the
restaurant. But my wife's folks have quit
boarding with us."— Chicago News.
TINKLES AND TICKLES.
"Did you ever love another before you
met me?" he inquired.
"Another what?" she asked.
Heroine— Heavens! I am undone I
Old lady (in the audience)— Come away
Si! I ain't a-goin' ter watch any disrobin"'
acts! — Puck.
The doctor would like to see you In
side." said the maid to the caller In the
reception room. "Not much!" said the
startled patient; "he can't try any X-ray
on me."— Yonkers Statesman.
Hewitt-That hotel '■■ clerk I Queered him
self last: night. r v
Jewett— How was that?
. Hewitt— A - lady he was calling upon
happened to say that her foot was asleep
and he absent-mindedly asked her what
time she would have it called.— Town Top
ics. "
«= "Here you've been telling me all along,"
said the bright faced young wife, "what a
wonderful cook your mother was, and
now your Aunt Jane has just told me that
your 3 father was a - chronic dyspeptic."
ell, you see," the young husband mur
mured, with a deep sigh, "mother, learned
by practicing on father."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
OTJR FIVE WARS.
Making war has never been a business
with the American people. With a great
country to be opened, great industries to
be organized, and all the affairs of an ac
tive and ambitious people to be conduct
ed, we have had no time to waste. We
have not needed war to give our young
men occupation, nor the elder ones re
ward, nor have we been driven to amuse
and divert the people by fighting: our
neighbors. Yet in the 122 years of our ex
istence we have had five wars, each im
portant, each waged for different reasons
Dut all in some degree animated by one
principle.
And it is to be noted that each hag
found us unprepared; each has been de
nounced by a large section of the people,
and yet they have all been conducted with
a spirit and concert which finally made
them national, uniting the country in
some common purpose which was devel
oped or strengthened by the wars them
selves. — Philadelphia Public Ledger.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SCHLEY— Several Subscribers. The
name of Commodore Schley is pronounced
as if written Schli, with the i long.
VASSAR COLLEGE— E., City. Vassar
College, N. V., was founded in 1861 by
Mathew Vassar, a wealthy brewer.
THAT HAWSER— S., Oakland. Cal. The
size of the hawser to be used in towing
the Monterey is twelve inches in circum
ference.
SECRETARY OF THE NAVY— W. H
8., City. The postoffice address of John
D. Long, Secretary of the Navy, is Wash
Ington, D. C.
JUDAS ISCARIOT— S. G., City. Tra
dition has it that Judas Iscarlot hanged
himself to a clersis of the genus natrr^i
order Leguimnosoe. It is also known a*
the bean tree. A3
MAINE AND MANILA-C. M. T. For
estville, Cal. The Maine was blown uq
February 15, 1898. and Dewey destroyed
the Spanish fleet at Manila on the Ist of
May following.
MICHIGAN TROOPS-C. X., San Lo
renzo, Cal. To ascertain where a certain
company of Michigan volunteers is located
at this time you will have to address a
communication to the office of the Secre
tary of War, Washington, D. C.
POPULAR AND ELECTORAL— R. W.
C, City. At the election for President in
1892 the popular vote for Cleveland was
5,556,918, and his electoral vote was 277
At the election in 1596 McKinley's popular
vote was 7,104,779, and his electoral vote
was 271.
GERMANY AND RUSSIA-M. R. and
others. City. In the sentence, "Russia
and Germany are ruled by vigorous young
men, one of whom is known to be the
most ambitious, proud and dominating
ruler of his time," the ambitious, proud
aVid dominating ruler referred to Is the
Emperor of Germany.
THE LANGUAGES- W. R. Q., City. It
la Impossible to tell exactly how many
languages there are in the world, as there
are many who class dialects as languages
: and go so far as to include gibberishes.
The American Bible Society, which does
not make any pretense that it issues the
| Holy Book in every language, does print
j the whole or part thereof in 242 languages
and dialects.
THE WIFE'S PRAYER-S. W. G., City.
What is known as the "Wife's Prayer"
was first published quite a number of
years ago. It is in the following words:
Lord! bless and preserve the person whom
thou hast chosen to be my husband; let his
life be long and blessed, comfortable and holy,
and let me also become a greater blessing and
comfort unto him, a sharer in all his sorrows,
a meet helper in all the accidents and changes
In the world. Make me amiable forever in his
eyes, and forever dear to him. Unite his heart
to me in the dearest love and holiness, and
mine to him in all sweetness, charity and
compliance. Keep me from all ungentleness.
all discnntentedr.ess and unreasonableness of
passion and humor, and make me humble and
obedient, useful and observant, that we may
delight In each other according to thy blessed
word, and both of us may rejoice In thee, hav
ing our portion In the love and service o£ God,
forever. Amen.
THE MODOC WAR— S., City. The Mo
doc troubles date back to 1864, when the
Modocs were put on a reservation of the
Klamaths. Captain Jack (Krentpoos) led
off a wild band to an old home of the Mo
docs on Lost River, where their opera
tions caused so much complaint that an
order was issued for their return to the
reservation. On the, 25th of November
Captain Jack and his Indians refused to
go on the leservation, and on the 29th of
the same month United States troops,
under command of Captain Jackson,
to the Indian camp to enforce the order,
when a fight took place, and fifteen In
dians and four white men were killed. One
of the Indians killed was Scar- Faced
Charley. After that the y^Oviocs escaped
to the lava beds south of Clear Lake.
Major-General Wheaton advanced on the
Indians in 1873 to dislodge tnem. when he
met with reverses— loss twelve killed and
twenty-one wounded. Subsequently a
second attack by General Gilicrn was no
more successful. On the 11th of April,
I 1873, General Canby, Dr. Thomas and Mr.
Meacham. peace commissioners, called on
Captain Jack, when all three were treach
erously attacked and General Canby and
Dr. Thomas killed, Mr. Meacham being
dangerously wounded. On June 3 the Mo
docs surrendered to General J. C. Davis,
and on October 3 following Captain Jack
and three others were hanged and the re
mainder—l4B—were sent to the Indian Ter
ritory. . - . «r .
10 per cent discount to soldiers in uni
form. Send your absent friends a basket
or fire-etch box of Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb. 627 Palace Hotel bid.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Red Cross.
Parties having old papers of any de
scription will confer a favor by leaving
them at Red Cross headquarters, No. 16
Post street. •
Mrs. Agnes Pruyn Strain, who died In
Philadelphia the other day, was a daugh
ter of Mrs. Mary Pruyn of Albany, who
was the first woman missionary to go to
Japan. Mrs. Strain herself was consider
ed one of the ablest women Bible teach
ers in this country, and was the author
of several books on Bible study.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leav*
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold, in
cluding berths, meals and trip through ths
Park. Send for circular giving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER. General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, 638 Market St.. 8. F.
Ths Santa F« Route will run second excur
sion to Grand Canyon of the Colorado, Arizona,
on Thursday, June SO. Noted scientists will ac
company the party. A pleasant and profitable
trip. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market at.
Volunteers— Put yourselves in fighting trim
with a bottle of Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bit
ters to regulate your digestion.
Miss Emma Teller, the daughter of Sen
ator Teller of Colorado, who was recently
married, was a member of a Wellesley
alumnae club, called the Saturday After
noon Spinsters' Club. There were ten
members, and Miss Teller is the ninth to
renounce single blessedness.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other brand.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
woval SAKiwa powoew oa., mw vowk. ___JWINE MEN
CRITICIZE
WAR TAXES
The Measure Declared
Unjustly Drawn,
BULK DEALERS NOT HIT
THE BOTTLING HOUSES ARE
GIVEN THE BURDENS.
French Beciprocity Strikes a Severe
Blow at the Brandy Industry.
Sweet Wine Makers to
Suffer.
The wine men of California, particular
ly those dealing largely in case goods, the
distillers of brandy and the producers and
handlers of sweet wines, are much de
pressed over the action of the Govern
ment with reference to the recent signing
of the reciprocity treaty with France and
the passage of the war revenue bill by the
Senate yesterday, practically making It a
law. In the 'atter measure wines, dry or
sparkling, are taxed one cent for each
pint and two cents for quart bottles when
sold. This adds a tax of 24 cents a case,
or at the rate of ten cents per gallon. In
discussing the situation they call atten
tion to the fact that wine from first hands
Is selling as low as 8 cents per gallon In
California, and if such wines were bottled
the tax would be greater than the value
of the goods. One and all declare that
they are not unpatriotic and are willing
to bear their share of the expenses of the
war, but they attempt to show that the
tax collected will not be sufficient to pay
the expenses of the Government and will
result only in making positions for a lot
of internal revenue collectors. It was,
they think, the idea of those who drew
the bill that it would add quite a sum to
the national fund. However, they main
tain that this was a mistake, as will be
Been by the fact that not only in San
Francisco, but in the large eastern cen
ters of population, the bulk of the wine
drunk is sold to consumers in demijohns
or small kegs. All this wine escapes the
tax. For this reason the dealers who
handle goods in bulk only can laugh at
their competitors in the case-wine branch
of trade. This feature of the law is what
is causing resentment among the latter
class.
They assert that if the Government had
understood the situation and felt the ne
cessity of imposing a tax, it should have
been placed upon the original product in
uuik in cellars, thereby simplifying the
work of collection and returning a profit.
On the other hand the industry is in no
condition to bear a further burden, owing
to low prices and a decreased demand.
Some of the members of the trade fear
that the tax will result not only in further
reducing the prices of wine, but in
curtailing the consumption. So far
as the tax is concerned it will certainly be
added to the former selling figures and
the consumer will "pay the fiddler."
Still the trouble of stamping each bot
tle and keeping the records for the rev
enue officers will add a great deal of cost
and expense to the bottler. One of the
queries is made why the Government
should make such a distinction between
bottlers of beer and bottlers of wine. In
the case of the brewers, they pay a flat
tajc of $2 per barrel, which covers their
industry, but the bottlers of beer, who
are not brewers, yet make their profits
from selling- beer in bottles, are not called
upon to contribute to the war fund. The
answer of the brewers is that this would
be double taxation and unconstitutional.
Hov,r-ver, any way they may view the
situation, the dealers feel that they have
been discriminated against.
In speaking of the tax the head of the
leading firm dealing in case goods ex
clusively said:
"I consider the action of Congress an
injustice, but do not intend to intimate
that it was intentional. It is a plain dis
crimination which strikes the minor deal
ers and bottlers, while the large houses
who handle only bulk goods are not re
quired to contribute one cent to the Gov
ernment. When you consider that there
are firms in this city who sell from 3 000 -
000 to 4,000,000 gallons of wine per year,
it is not hard to see where the imposition
comes in.
"The Government will get the worst of
the proposition in the long run, as th»
effect will be to drive the sale of cheaper
wines into the demijohn and keg trade
all of which will react against legitimate
"bottlers. Again, the restaurants will hail
the tax as a good thing, as they need
only to serve their wines in decanters
or half bottles to defeat the law.
"One branch of the business that will get
a very black eye Js that which sells wine
in bottles to local family and grocery
customers, etc.. In baskets. They will
be compelled to stamp each bottle and
as they work on a very small margin
they will have plenty of trouble. Still
they can also beat the law by delivering
the wine in bulk and bottling it at the
place of the purchaser. If the law-mak
ers had provided for a flat tax of 2 or 5
cents per gallon on bulk wines they would
have covered the whole field and realized
a few thousand dollars profit on the prop
osition. As it is there may be a balance
on the wrong side of the ledger. One
thing that can be looked for Is a large
increase in the Internal revenue force of
collectors. We will ad.vance the price
of our goods and do the be^£ we can.
"If the proper representations had been
made to the committee in Congress that
clause of the bill would never have car
ried, but it was neglected by those whose
duty It was to attend to the matter, and
the result Is a severe blow to the bot
tling branch of the trade. The industry
is In a miserable condition now, and while
we will gladly pay our just proportion
of taxation as loyal Americans, we feel
that the action of the Government is a
blunder and will result in no benefit to
any one. Of course the measure was
rushed through and the result will show
that it was ignorantly drawn."
The reciprocity treaty with France
which reduces the customs duty on
French spirits from $1 80 per gallon to
$1 20 has alarmed the distillers of brandy
In California, as the law has evidently
come to stay. American distillers pay ,
$1 10 tax per gallon, but the cheap spirits
from France, made from beets and po
tatoes, can be placed on the markets of
the United States at prices to give the
importers the best of the business. When
taken in consideration with the well
known fact that foreign goods are al
most invariably given the preference, it
can bo seen that native distillers have
gome cause to fear the result to their de
pressed business.
With reference to the sweet wine mak
ers, they regard this reduction of duty as I
a deadly blow to their branch of the in- j
dustry. This comes from the fact that |
these cheap French spirits can be used j
In the Bophistification of sweet winea and I
the pure product, to a great extent, will j
be run out of the market.
Taken all around, the outlook for Cali
fornia's wine and brandy men Is con
sidered by them more gloomy than be
fore.
Departmental Expenses.
The Auditor has received further esti-
Snates of expenses as follows:
Tolice Department— Regular salaries, $718,
645; maintenance of police patrol and signal
Bystem, $62.609: maintenance (,f mounted pa
trol, $6713; additions to police patrol and signal
eystem, $29,405; purchase of Fteamer to board
Incoming and outgoing vessels and for water
front patrol. $10,000.
Rent and repairs for stations take up
$7000; contingent expenses, $7200; station
ery, $3000; telephones. $2700.
The department wants two police sta
tions—one in the southern rTiPtriot and one
in Mission district— estimated cost $25
000 each; also 150 signal boxes for Harbor
and O'Farrell street stations, $iß,r>oo
Police Court No. 1 wants $12,350, all but
$290 of which is for salaries. Police Court
No. 3 asks for the same.
The fire alarm telegraph $74,190, $20,000
of which is for underground work.
No one will use a fountain pen after
M*jji£ a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
FAIR FLORA AT THE PARK,
Rare Plants iv Bloom in the City's Great Conservatory.
At the park conservatory two plants are in bloom which are attracting
many visitors. The snow plant, of which a description was given in yes
terday's Call, was the center of attraction, and although its petals were
half unfolded, the delicate red had turned to a darker hue on the edges, in
dicating that the flowers would not fully develop, and that the plant would
not survive this tropical heat long. The gardeners say it would be almost
impossible for it to live anywhere, except in the higher altitudes, and they
expect it will droop and die in a few days. The snow plant was brought
down from Shasta a few days ago by a gentleman who discovered it close
to the snow line. It is in a pot in the west wing of the conservatory and will
receive every care.
Another variety is the Peristera Elata, or Holy Ghost flower, a species
of orchid found in South America. Specimens of this flower have been in the
conservatory for several years, and their blossoming has always been
eagerly watched by floriculturists and botanists. The blossoms on this
stalk began to unfold Thursday and were fully blown yesterday. The
leaves are a creamy white, with several tiny blood-red spots in the center.
The Victoria Regia was set out last week and is expected to blossom
the latter part of July or early in August.
AN ACTRESS
CAPTURES
A LAWYER
Romantic Story of a
Variety Singer.
SHE HAD BEAUTY, HE WEALTH
MARRIED AFTER AN ACQUAINT
ANCE OF BUT TWO HOURS.
Fidelia Casual and Augustin Blamire
Wed in Haste, but Think
There Will Be No Re
pentance.
The good fortune of capturing as a hus
band a handsome young: lawyer whose
wealth is supposed to be represented by
a large figure followed by four ciphers
seldom falls to the lot of a variety act
ress whose salary depends largely on the
number of bottles of liquid refreshment
she can sell to her chance admirers, but
such has been the case with Miss Fidelia
Casual, who was married Thursday
morning to Augustln Blamire.
The two young people met the evening
betore the marriage, enamored of each
other, and after securing the services of
a naviifter departed for the southern pan
of the fitate on their weddl:ig trip.
Mlpe Casual, a petite, auburn haired
soubiette, secured a position in a well
known uptown concert hall the first of
this week and considered herself l'ortu
! Nato, though how much so she little knew.
j For thiec nights she did a short turn the
: early part of the evening, and then oc
cupied her time by making horse'f agree
able to the numerous patrons of the place
, and luring them by her sweet smiles and
! pleasing ways to pay $3 for four bit wine,
i she receiving a certain per cent of the
i money thus obtained by the house. That
she must have been eminently successful
in securing the elusive uollar for herself
and employer is evident from the short
I time it took her to win Mr. Blamire.
The gentleman in question strolled into
the concert hall Wednesday evening in
company of a friend and sat down to en
' joy the entertainment offered without the
slightest inkling that he was to meet a
j lady who would entirely change his plans
I for the future. Vv hen Miss Casual ap
i peared on the stage in a sailor costume,
assumed with the intention of making
herself acceptable to the soldier boy fre
quenters of the place, the young lawyer
was much impressed by the beauty and
cleverness of the little soubrette and de-
I termined to meet her.
Through the connivance of a willing
| waiter Miss Casual and the interested
j lawyer found themselves together In a
1 closed box near the stage, and each with
out any intention of matrimony sought to
be agreeable to the other. Cupid must
have been somewhere in the vicinty with
his ready bow, and it didn't take him
long to plant one of his dangerous ar
rows deep in the hearts of the two un
suspecting victims. Two hours sufficed
for Cupid's shafts to get in their
work, and Miss Casual and Mr. Blamire
left the theater vowing eternal love to
each other. The license office not being
kept open as late as the concert hall
prevented a marriage that night, but
early the following morning it was vis
ited by Mr. Blamire, and shortly after
ward he and Miss Casual were made
husband and wife.
The first intimation the young lady's
employer had that one of his star act
resses had deserted him for another man
ager was Thursday evening, when he re
ceived a note from the lady, Informing
him that she would appear no longer,
and giving a slight hint of the reason.
The news spread rapidly among the at
taches of the theater, and now every girl
s envious of the good fortune of her
sister. Each is hopeful that what has
happened may happen again, and all are
now on the lookout for any luckless
stranger who may come within their
g Mr?' Blamire has but recently returned
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1898.
from Australia, where he has been in
terested in mining. Before he left he
disposed of a mine in the Coolgardie dig
gings, for which he received £2500. He
owns other interests there and also has a
fine mine at Trinity Center. He came
here with the intention of practicing his
profession, and shortly after his arrival
received a flattering offer to become at
torney for an English company. This of
fer was accepted, and in a few weeks
Mr. Blamire, accompanied by his bride,
will leave for London to transact busi
ness for the company.
DISAPPOINTED CAMPERS,
Their Privileges in Niles Canyon
Abridged by the Spring Valley
Water Company.
Campers who, in the past, have found
pleasant quarters in Niles Canyon, will
this year be required to pitch their tents
below the dam owned by the Spring Val
ley Water Company. The water com
pany has purchased all of the water
rights in the canyon, and has in addition
secured control of the most of the
ranches in the Alameda Creek Canyon
above Niles.
Not a few campers who expected to lo
cate themselves above the dam have been
turned off by the agents of the water
company. "We have no objection to
campers selecting sites below the dam,"
said Charles Webb Howard, president of
the Spring Valley Water Company, yes
terday, "but under no circumstances will
any of them be allowed to camp above
the dam. It is true that the company
has acquired considerable land in the
canyon above Niles," he concluded, "but
that is a matter in which the public has
no interest."
Hot Shots
At the winners in the Produce Ex
change form an interesting column in
to-day's News Letter, and the Crier
shows up three war heroes, besides a
dozen other people who are deserving
of caustic mention. The Republican
boss, Martin Kelly, receives a roasting;
breezy gossip from New York; a sharp
arraignment i ' officials; britrht para
graphs, stories, dramatic and musical
criticisms and full local news fill the
columns of the News Letter and make
It just the paper for Saturday evening
and 3unday reading.
FALSE LABELING
TO BE STOPPED.
SUIT AGAINST LIQUOR FIRMS
BY THE GOVERNMENT.
They Shipped Poor Liquor Under
Srands and Marks Used on
Superior Goods.
On behalf of the Government United
States Attorney Foote and Assistant At
torney Knight filed yesterday in the Unit
ed States District Court a suit against the
firm of Cronan & Wissemann to recover
judgment for $500 fine for shipping gin
and bitters under false labels. The com
plaint charges that the marks, etc., on
the packages "were other than, and not
the true and proper name or brand known
to the trade as designating the kind and
quality of the contents of said box or
package, as none of said bottles at such
time contained the genuine Siegert's An
gostura Bitters nor Holland gin, as the
same were and are known to such trade "
A similar suit has been filed against tlie
firm of Henry Campe & Co., for selling to
a saloon in the city of Stockton liquor
purporting to be one-star Henneasy
cognac, but which was not the genuine
article.
Mr. Knight said that the cases would
test the right of liquor dealers to pass off
inferior goods under well-known brands
for the purpose of deceiving the retail
purchaser. The market Is flooded with
vile stuff bearing respectable brands and
purporting to have been produced in for
eign countries-, and a vigorous attempt
will be made to abate the evil. The suits
are brought under section 3449 of the Re
vised Statutes of the United States, which
reads as follows:
"Whenever any person ships, transports
or removes any spirituous or fermented
liquors or wines under any other than the
proper name or brand known to the trade
a3 designating the kind and quality of the
contents of the cask or package contain
ing the same, or causes such act to be
done, he shall forfeit said liquors or wines
and casks or packages, and be subject to
pay a fine of $500.^
The goods in controversy were being
shipped to a firm In Stockton.
Alice Biz
writes about
"The Men They Left Behind Thejn,"
in next Sunday's CaLL
HER LIFE A
WEIRD TALE
Mrs. Henvis' Whirls on
Fortune's Wheel.
FROM RICHES TO POVERTY
IN SEARCH OP AN HEIR TO A
LARGE ESTATE.
She Was the "Beautiful Brunette of
Mystery" of the Old City
Prison — Borrowed of Jay
Gould.
The life of Mrs. L. L. Henvis, formerly
Mrs. Rene Woodward, seems to have
been laden with romance from the time
she was 16 years of age up to date. At
the age mentioned she was a half or
phan and possessed of property valued
at $80,000 in her own right, all located
in her native city of Minneapolis. It
was left by her mother to be held by
her father in trust until she became of
age, or was married, no matter when.
The mother had not been dead more than
six months, when Rene Woodward, a
member of one of Kentucky's best fam
ilies, passed through Minneapolis fresh
from the University of Michigan. He
stopped over with a friend, and there met
Miss Bartlett, for that was her maiden
name.
It was love at first sight, and they
were married two days later, the young
man bringing home a bride instead of a
sheepskin, greatly to the annoyance of
his parent.". The young wife grew angry
at her reception, and informed her hus
band of her independent fortune. Rene
was a horse fancier, and a "sporty boy"
who knew just what to do with inde
pendent fortunes. Good luck followed for
a couple of years, and he more than
doubled the riches of his wife by follow
ing the races. She became a gambler
with him, and they plunged together un
til they plunged through every cent, fin
ally waking up at the Hoffman House,
New York, penniless.
They were in a strange house and in
a strange city. Woodward wanted to sui
cide by the gas route.
"All right," she said, "but give me an
DAME FORTUNE'S SPORT.
MRS. L L HENVIS, Who Alternates Be
tween Affluence and Poverty.
hour, and If I do not return with money
we will pass out together."
In the appointed time by Woodward's
stop watch that had been held on so
many races that lost, she was back with
just $500 in nice new bills.
In answer to his question as to where
she got the money, she said: "I went
to the office of Jay Gould; gave htm a
song and dance, my promissory note;
and— you see the rest."
They jumped out of New York in "Jig
time." as she expresses it, and came to
California, where Woodward got the
agency of a liquor house. Though get
ting a good salary, his habits caused him
to become an embezzler, and in less than
twelve months he was behind in accounts
over $4000.
Just eight years ago he was arrested
at the Gallndo Hotel, Oakland, and lodged
at the old City Prison in this city. Dur
ing the many months of his incarceration
the youthful wife was his constant com
panion.
In fact, her attention was so constant
that Captain Stone of the prison saw fit
t6 interpose, but Chief Crowley overruled
him, and, locating at a neighboring hotel,
she kept constant vigilance over her im
prisoned husband, becoming- known as
"the beautiful brunette of mystery." be
cause she was never known to speak to
any one save the man who handled the
keys at the prison door.
Rene was convicted finally of forging
the name of the late money-lender, Asa
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iCHAELS, DAWSON and All
YUKON RIVER POINTS,
THE STEAMER
TILLAMOOK,
SAILING
SATURDAY, June 11, Witho £ H .
For freight and passage apply to the
JOHNSOMOCKE MERCANTILE CO., Agents.
TICKET OFFICE: 609 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Fisk, to a note for over $3000, and sen
tenced to five years In San Quentin.
Through the intervention of his wife, he
did not go across the bay, but was par
doned by Governor Markham after two
and a half years in Branch County Jail
2. "When he got out he found his faithful
spouse without funds. That did not suit
him, so he left her to her fate and took
to racetrack touting. Mrs. Woodward
was utterly cast down for a while, but
newly made friends came to her aid, and
she started a lodging-house, which proved
a success. A divorce on the ground of
desertion followed, and somewhat over a
year ago she married L. L. Henvis, a
handsome young marine stationed at
Mare Island. He is the son of wealthy
parents, and, being disinherited, went on
a spree and joined the navy. Last week
his time of enlistment expired, and con
temporaneously with its expiration Mrs.
Henvis received a letter from Denver,
Colo., written by a lawyer, informing her
of the death of Hannah C. Bartlett, her
grandmother.
"By her will," he writes, "you are be
queathed property valued at about $58,000,
as nearly as we can estimate it. Yonr
uncle has been left a similar amount, but
he cannot be found, which interferes with
the distribution of the estate."
Mrs. Henvis says she can find him with
in a month, and she and her husband
were packing up to start out on that mis
sion when seen at their apartments In a
Fourth-street lodging-house yesterday.
BOYS' BBIGADE DRILL.
Successful Entertainment Held in Aid
of Second Local Company.
An interesting entertainment ana drill
were given last evening under the aus
pices of the Second San Francisco Com
pany, Boys' Brigade and Red Cross So
ciety, in the lecture-room of the First
Presbyterian Church. Quite a large num
ber of friends of the organization at
tended and showed their appreciation for
the excellent numbers on the following
programme by repeatedly recalling the
participants:
Entrance of company, followed by salute to
chorus; singing by Messrs. Brown, Craigm,
Currle and Steele; platoon drill under command
of Lieutenant H. li. Marvin; solo, " > Boys of the
Old Brigade," Reginald Keene; instrumental
solo, Chinese harp, Ng Sing; recitation, A. G.
Sanders; vocal solo, "The Star-Spangled Ban
ner," Miss Mabel Frifble; recitation. Miss
Emily Bell; solo. "The Roll Call," W. G. Bal
naves; Instrumental solo, Percy Lenfestey.
The following court scene occasioned a
deal of merriment:
Session of the Elznekcam Serene Court of
San Francisco— Court officers: Judge, George
Leonard; clerk of court, Franklin Gibson;
bailiff and constable, Louis Overetreet; prose
cuting attorney, Burton G. Waterman. Calen
dar for Friday evening, June 10— Freeman T.
Eastman, murder; attorney for defendant, F.
B. Worley; dead man, supposed to be, W. J.
Ames; Witnesses, Jurors and others, members
of Westminster Guild.
DECISIONS ON
INTERNAL REVENUE.
VINEYARDISTS MAY MAKE
WINE WITHOUT TAX.
A Woman's Husband May Sell
Liquor Under the License Is
sued to His Wife.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch has
been notified of the following decisions
of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue:
Where grapes are pressed at one place
and the juice is then carried to another
place and there fermented, the latter is
the place of manufacture of the wine, and
the manufacturer is there permitted by
the provisions of section 3246 Revised Stat
utes to sell It without paying special tax.
A special stamp tax taken by a woman
as a retail liquor dealer in her own name
is sufficient for the same business con
ducted by her husband who takes charge
of it upon her retirement therefrom. He
is not required to pay special tax and
take out a stamp in his own name because
of the fact that a town license was re
fused to her but issued to him.
The fact that a person is an authorized
liquor dealer under the internal revenue
laws does not prevent him from engaging
also in the compounding of medicines; and
if he does so, using spirits in combination
with roots, hi»rbs or drugs, and sells the
compound only under a label specifying
the diseases for which it is held out as a
remedy, he is an apothecary within the
exempting provision of section 3.M6, Ke
vised Statutes.
Another Week-Day Excursion to the
Santa Cruz Mountains — Very
Low Bate for Tickets.
The Southern Pacific Company have
decided to run one more of their popu
lar week-day excursions to the Santa
Cruz Mountains and announce that
Saturday, the 18th inst., a special ex
cursion train of first-class coaches will
leave San Francisco at 7:45 a. m. and
Fourteenth and Franklin streets, Oak
land, at 7:45 a. not., stopping at all the
well-known camping resorts, such as
Alma, Wrights. Glenwood, the new and
beautiful Camp Arcadia, Ben Lomond,
Rowardennan and Boulder Creek.
Round trip tickets for this train will
be sold at the very low rate of $1 25;
returning excursionists will reach San
Francisco at 8:05 p. m. The train will
be under the personal supervision of
Colonel William H. Menton, the well
known excursion agent.
As this will be the last week-day ex
cursion of the season to the Santa Cruz
Mountains those who have not yet de
cided as to where they will take their
summer outing and particularly those
who have never visited this charming
region should avail themselves of this
opportunity.
In the Divorce Courts.
Decrees of divorce were granted the fol
lowing litigants yesterday: Clara Gross
from Otto Gross, on the ground of willful
desertion; Mathew McAdoo from Delia
McAdoo, on the ground of habitual intem
perance- Bina F. Yeamans from Herbert
W Yeamans. on the ground of willful
neglect Mrs. Yeamans is the daughter of
D. J. Staples of this city, and Yeamans is
at present connected with the Empire
Steamship Company of Dawson City.
Fred L Crosby was granted a divorce
from Anna Crosby on the ground of in
fidelity, and Nora O'Brien was given her
freedom from the bonds of matrimony on
the ground that her husband, John F.
O'Brien, had cruelly treated her. The ap
plication of Anna Lacaze for a divorce
from Jennin Lacaze wai denied by Judge
Dunne.
Tritons Elect Officers.
After a great deal of opposition the Tri
ton Boat v iub has elected the following:
officers: Captain, John Peat; lieutenant,
August H. Schimpf; president, D. H.
Everett; recording secretary, G. W.
Blum; financial secretary, I. Citron;
treasurer. August F. Schuppert; trus
tees— D. O'Keefe. H. Brickwedel and J.
Coffin. The Tritons, with new officers,
expect to put several good men in the
field this year, and also intend to Join the
amateur association.
BARKER AFTER
BRITISH GOLD
An Oaklander Claims an
English Estate.
TO MAKE A STRONG FIGHT.
ATTOBNEY RANDOLPH WILL
GO TO LONDON.
Nearly Fifty Millions Are Said to
Be at Stake in the Contest
That Will Shortly
Begin.
Attorney J. B. Randolph of Oakland
will start for London In a few days for
the purpose of appearing before British
chancery courts to lay claim to several
estates aggregating many millions.
The claimants to the sums that have
long lain awaiting their owners do not
all live at Oakland, though several of the
heirs are residents of Alameda County.
"One of the most important claims un
der way,", said Mr. Randolph yesterday,
"is that of William F. Barker, who is a
nephew of the late Sir John T. Barker of
Belfast, who committed suicide some
years ago. The old man married the
Countess of Melrose, and part of the
property in question will be Melrose cas
tle.
"One of the claimants was George T.
Barker, a cousin of my client. George
recently died in the Missouri penitentiary,
where he was serving a life term for
shooting a man whom he found in com
pany with his fiancee. Now that he is
dead my client is the chief American
claimant, and I have letters from eminent
legal sources in London that give me
confidence that we will have little trouble
In winning the case."
It appears that about all that is neces
sary to settle the case in favor of the
Oakland claimant, according to advices
received from London, is proof of the
claimant's birth and a due certificate of
his mother's marriage. Sir William
Humphreys, a well known London bar
rister, has had charge of the affairs of
the claimant in England. He awaits the
arrival of Attorney Randolph, who ex
pects to reach London in a few weeks
with proofs that will make the case
smooth sailing. The genealogical proofs
of the case run back as far as 1613, and
the Oakland claimant says he has a com
plete copy of the family records in a
safe deposit bank in this city.
Mr. Barker thinks the value of the
estate is not far from fifty millions. He
says he has every assurance *>f winning
the entire amount. As he is a great
spiritualist, he says he will spend millions
in erecting a spiritualist temple in Los
Angeles if he is fortunate enough to suc
ceed in the litigation that is now taking
Attorney Randolph to London.
CANTON CERTIFICATES.
Their Validity Will Be Determined
by a Test Case Begun Yesterday
in the District Court.
Sixty-one Chinese arrived on the Doric
recently with what are designated as No.
6 or Canton certificates, which state that
the person whose name and description It
bears is a merchant and entitled to land.
The exclusion act of ISB4 prescribes that
the certificate shall state, among other
things, the nature, character and esti
mated value of the bearer's business.
The treaty with China which was rati
fied in 1894 prescribes that the immigrant
must have a certificate, but does not re
quire the nature, character and estimated
value of the business to be stated. It is
contended by the Chinese that, the treaty
being of later birth than the statute, su
persedes It wherever the statute comes
in conflict with it and that therefore that
portion of the statute requiring the state
ment of the nature, character and esti
mated value of the business of the appli
cant need not be regarded as in effect; in
other words, that it has been repealed by
the provisions of the treaty.
In order to settle the matter, the Col
lector of the Port determined to make a
test case, and, in accordance with this
arrangement, one of the sixty-one immi
grants was allowed to land, and was im
mediately arrested on the ground that he
is illegally in the country. H6 will pre
sent his Canton certificate to United
States District Judge de Haven, and the
matter will be argued and submitted on
law points.
Aid Is Asked For.
The Salvation Army, at Its supply
store, 162 New Montgomery street, has
been furnishing, two days every week,
during the past year, food and clothing
to between fifty and a hundred families.
The provision is now gone, and its shelves
are empty. Any person wishing to con
tribute either food, money or clothing by
notifying Ensign Campbell, at 1419 Mar
ket street. Salvation Army headquarters,
will be immediately waited "upon. Among
the number now being provided for are
families of soldiers who have gone to
Manila. Ensign Campbell says that the
need was never greater than at the pres
ent time, and the cast-off clothing can be
profitably used at the address here given.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
Hunyadi linos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
— — FOR— —
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet
"Speedy, «ure, gentle." BrUUhMedicalJournat
CAUTION: See that the label bear* the signa-
ture of the firm.
. ■ Andreas Soxlehnep.
PRESS CLUB,
123 Ellis Street.
RED CROSS BENEFIT,
EXHIBITION AND SALE OF SKETCHES
BY LOCAL ARTISTS AND ART <
STUDENTS.
SATURDAY, JUNE 11,
: : , . From 2to 5 and Btoll p. m. . .
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room ' 1015, Claus Sprockets Bldg.
: ■'■>' ■"■' : "■.?■' Telephone Brown 931. . • -
Residence, ' S2l •;■ California street. below
Powell. San Francisco. •>
: AMUSEMENTS.
EL CAMPOi
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT. '
-" Now : oDen every ; Sunday during the season.
Music Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements. ;
■-.' Refreshments ;at : city \ prices. Fare, round
: trip. ;Sc; ■ Children, 15c ; including admission
to grounds. . - i :> " ■ >.^.^rSaisaaitsh •■■:'- m | m
' ■■'-. , —THE STEAMER UKIAH— :
Will leave Tlburon Ferry, at 10:30 a.-' m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. , m.* - Returning, leave %El 1 Campo at
11:15 a. m., L 3 and & a. m. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AN OPERATION AVOIDED.
i | r .**.-;
Mrs. Rosa Gaum Writes to Mrs.
Pinkham About it. She Says : J
— — : — — _ «^
Dear Mbs. Pinkham: — I take pleas-
ure in writing you a few lines to in-
form you of the good your Vegetable
Compound has done me. I cannot
thank you enough for what your medi-
cine has done for me; it has, indeed,
helped me wonderfully. gJQB&,
For years I was trou- y^~l~^/\
bled with an ' ~ / -^j^x^A
ovarian tumor, y^^"^3^^/\\
each year grow- o^hj^^^^^L 1 A
ing worse, un- T§£&y|||| U l*>
til at last I o "^^-^SIShBK |j&
was compelled / . Y / sSBS' Bit
to consult with \^ \^^ JeII
a physician. _ \ \ JBM
nothingcould v v / XB^ 1
be done for . i
me but to go under an operation.
In speaking with a friend, of mine
about it, she recommended Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, say-
ing she knew it would cure me. I then
sent for your medicine, and after tak-
ing three bottles of it, the tumor dis-
appeared. Oh! you do not know how
much good your medicine has done
me. I shall recommend it to all suffer-
ing women. — Mrs. Rosa Gaum, 720
Wall St., Los Angeles, Cal. ( ' -«%
The great and unvarying success of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-,
pound in relieving every derangement
of the female organs, demonstrates
it to be the modern safeguard of wo-
man's happiness and bodily strength.]
More than a million women have been
benefited by it. <. .. • -«p*C^V :|
Every woman who needa'advice v
about her health is invited to write tflj
Mrs. Pinkham. at Lynn, Mass.
AMUSEMENTS. ;
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDA.T.
Mr. John Martin Presents
01-J.A.Y OXjEMENT
In the Beautiful Comedy-Drama
THE NEW DOMINION.
"A Universal Success."
Next Monday Nifiht-The New FRAWLEY
COMPANY Tn "NUMBER NINE."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
BALDWIN THEATER.
REVIVAL— as given at Oberara-
mergau, the novelty of the age, "THE PAS-
SION PLAY." Every afternoon at 8 and night
at 8:30, Sunday included. Seats 25c. ' -
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
. Evening Prices— 25c and 50c. .
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Second "Week of the Popular Eastern Actor.
GEORGE P. WEBSTER,
In a magnificent production of th« Great
Scenic Melodrama.
THE COTTON KING.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), JUNE 11.
Parquet, Any Seat, 26c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, Any Part.
KATIE ROONEY, "A Chip of the Old
Block"; WILLS and LORETTO, "The Tramp
and the Soubrette"; ALBURTUS and BART-
RUM, Champion Club Swingers; EZRA KEN-
DALL, Humorist; LAMONT FAMILY. Eu-
rope's Acrobats; MUSICAL JOHNSONS, Xylo-
phone Wonders; last night of PROFESSOR
LEONIDAS. AL LEACH and the 3 ROSEBUDS
and HARRY ALLISTER. -'-- ;
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Ernestine Proprietor and Manager.
EVERY EVENING.
-V' <-•.'.■ : . ; A REAL HIT. .
OUR PATRIOTIC OPERATIC SPECTACLE.
./-VINT
AMERICAN HERO!
Great Cast— Superb Scenery.
Correct Costumes — Appropriate Accessories.
THRILLING NAVAL BATTLE.
NEXT— BABA.
A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
Popular Prices 25 and Mo
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR pho b n y e .
ni-rvnzwnr\« main 254.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW, SUNDAY,
LEWIS MORRISON,
THE MASTER '. OF CEREMONIES I
PRICES, 15c. 25c, 35c. BOc.
MONDAY NIGHT LEWIS MORRISON IN
. "A CELEBRATED CASE."
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, dune 11 and 12.
14-Dog Sapling and 64-Dog All-Age Stake.
Including Most of the Fastest Dots la
■--■; ■-■- ■: v California. , .
Grand VTotal_Prizes $895.
■-*■!;.•■" CHANGE OF TIME.
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets—
SATURDAY, 1 p. m.; SUNDAY, 11 a. m., 11
m,■l ■ p. m. and 2 p. m. Valencia street 5
minutes later. Returning, leaves the Park im-
mediately after the last course, and Sunday,
4:45 p. m. also. San Mateo electric cars every
10 minutes. W '> ■-."■■ . .- ■
GRAND EXCURSION TO LOS 6ATOS
-ON- . i . .
JXJ3STE 17, 1898,
—BY—
Bunker Hill Association, Sons of Vermont,
Sons of American Revolution and
California Pioneers.
Oration by HON. SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGH.
FULL BAND OF music.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
8:30 a. m.
TICKETS $1. ROUND TRIP. .-/ r
Children 50c. To be had at the Emporium
and at the depot on the morning of the cele-
bration. Prizes awarded. ■-..-. , - .-..■■"
SUTROJBATHS.
SUNDAY, June 12th, at 2:30 p. m.
S\A/I/Vl/V\UNG RACES
Between the.. .
BOYS IN BLUE I
For Valuable Prizes.
Kansas, North Dakota, South Dakota, Mon-
tana and •U. S. Signal Corps
■'.'••-.-. will take part. •'■-■
ADMISSION, 10c. .CHILDREN, So.
THE SENSATION OF THE CITY IS
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE GREATEST GUN ON EARTH.
AT THE CHUTES.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING^
A Great Vaudeville Performance In the
FREE THEATER. •
SEE THE "DEPARTURE OF THE PEKING!-
10c.. including Zoo and Theater; Children, 80.
m VMDTI r Comer of Mtson ml ". <
- KJL, I iTlf I A | Eddy $ ,m
:; . : THE BIOGRAPH.
The Greatest Projectoscope in the World.
• Life scenes of thrilling interest from the seat
of war. A great olio of strong specialties.
Admission free. Matinee Sundo".
RECREATION PARK,
• Eighth and Harrison ; Sts. ■ -•■'^i-
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE!
Championship Pacific Coast. - -
TO-DAY AT p.- M. :
ATHLETICS vs. SANTA CRUZ.
Admission, ' 2sc Ladles free.
78
MEN WHO ARE
EXPERT
WITH A RIFLE.
The second grand shooting festival of
the National Schuetzon-Bund of America,
■which will take place at the Glendale
Shooting Park, Long Island, from July 3
to July 11, is attracting more attention
among the local rifle men this year than
ever before. There are two reasons for
this. The first Is that many more of
California's sharpshooters are going East
to attend the festival than ever before,
and the second is that a strong effort
will be made to have the next Bund fes
tival held In this city. These gather-
Ings do not take place every year, but
every three years, and they are the occa
sion of drawing together all of the finest
riflemen of the United States and Europe.
It stands to reason, then, that the prizes
offered are large. In the coming event
over $25,000 Is offered in cash, besides in
numerable premiums, medals, cups and
other prizes. The association has a guar
anteed fund of J200.000.
The Bund does nothing by half. In the
coming festival there are seven or more
events and the cash prizes run from $2
to $500, to say nothing of the premiums,
etc. While the majority of the matches
are for the members of the clubs belong
ing to the Bund, still there are plenty of
matches where individual, unattached
riflemen can take part. Most of the mem
bers in the East are men or means, and
they take much pride in offering special
prizes of no small value. For example,
at the previous festivals pianos, sets of
household furniture, solid silver sets, pic
tures from the best artists, etc., have
been donated by the wealthy sportsmen.
Nearly all of the rifle clubs of the East
are members and a fair representation in
the Middle West. In this city only two
clubs belong to the association— the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein and the Co
lumbia Pistol and Rifle Club.
When the last iestival was held the
Eastern members Intimated to their Pa
cific Coast brethren that an offer from
California would be seriously considered
for the present celebration. But there i
were many things to be considered and I
provided for, and the opportunity was |
passed with the understanding that the I
festival of 1901 should be held in this city.
Three years is none too long a time for
making necessary arrangements for such
an event. While the Bund puts up nearly
all of the cash prizes, still much is ex
pected of the community in which the I
festival takes place. Many special prizes ;
are expected and ample provision must :
be made for the entertainment of the vis- \
itore. It is generally understood that if -
the Bund does not meet in this city on i
t.ie next occasion it will go to the city
In Europe offering the best Inducement, j
Nearly all of the marksmen of the East
would prefer to come out to the Pacific
and see the beauties of California, and it
Is believed that the delegates from this !
city will not have very much trouble to j
induce the Bund to hold the next shoot
ing festival en one of our bay ranges.
The move to bring the Bund to this city
has already been made, the San Francisco !
Schuetzen Verein taking the initiative. A
week or po ago its executive committee !
cent out invitations to the president of
all of the other clubs to assemble and dis
cuss the question. The meeting was held :<
a few nights ago and the following rille
shooting organizations were represented: '
San Francisco Srhuetzen Veroin -D B '•
Faktor, John Utschig. L. Ha&ke, Riohard
Heise and William EhrenDforr; Verein
Eintraeht, Captain F. A. Kuhls; Califor
nia Schuetzen Club, A. R.ihv. vlr-r; San
Francisco Turner Schuetzen. Captain F.
A. Attinger; D^utscher Krixger Verein, ;
Captain Wienecke; Oermania S^huotzen
Club, N. Ahrens: Norddeutschcr Schuet- 1
zen Club. William Garms. President 1...
O. Rodgers of the Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club, which was holding it 3 regular ;
meeting that evening, was Instructed by j
the club to Indorse the movement. At '
the meeting of the several organization*'
representatives the matter was discussed
in all its lights, and the decision arrived
at was that every marksmen going to
the festival on Long Island in Juiy should
use every effort to have San Francisco
selected as the place for the next meet
ing of the Bund. If they are successful
this gathering will mean more to the peo
ple of California than the uninitiated can
comprehend with explanation. In the
East the majority of the riflemen are men
of unlimited means, and they number in
to the hundreds. It has been the efforts
of many of the larger improvement or
ganizations of this State to Induce peo-
Ele of resources to come to this State, the
elief being that once here the natural
advantages and beauties of the State will
Induce many to remain, or at least make
Investments on the Pacific Coast. Here,
then, is an opportunity not offered every
day. and the organizations which have
undertaken this move should have the
encouragement of the public-spirited citi
zens of the community. Many will be
surprised to know that !n this city and
around the bay are over 1500 riflemen,
while scattered over the State are almost
as many more. In Los Angeles, San Jose,
Stockton, Sacramento, Ukiah. Eureka.
Fresno, Arcata, lone and many other
places are large and small rifle and pis
tol clubs. Such an event as the local
riflemen are now trying to bring about
•would call in members of these organiza
tions by the hundreds.
There is still another element that must
be taken into consideration— the riflemen
of Europe. At every one of these big
shooting festivals the crark shots from
the larger cities of England and the Con
tlnent can be found, putting forth their
be9t efforts to best the marksmen of
the Western continent. Money or prize
with them is not so much the object as
the honor of superior marksmanship The
shooters of the Pacific Coast feel that
they are able to hold their own with the
best Bhots in the world, and from the
sentiment displayed at the meeting of the
representatives of the clubs there is also
a feeling that they can make the visitors
from the East and across the sea believe
that Callfornians are the most hospitable
people on top of the earth.
M. J. WHITE.
SCRAPS OF NEWS
FROM THE KENNELS.
Two of the most important specialty
clubs of the ooast are scheduled to hold
their monthly meeting to-night.
The Pacific Mastiff Club will probably
elect a delegate to the American Kennel
Club to succeed Erastus Hamilton, who
has, by reason of his non-attendance at
the American Kennel Club meetings, be
come persona non grata to the club he
represents. It Is understood that Dr. C.
A. Longest of Boston, the great mastiff !
breeder, has boen aptly selected as the I
best fitted to represent the local club
The Pacific Fox Terrier Club has a i
mass of accumulated business to digest !
but in view of the fact that Its officers j
have been much occupied with bench I
enow affairs, it is quite likely that the
meeting will be postponed until next Sat- i
urday. Some unnecessary excitement has I
been aroused by the comments made by
some alleged sporting scribes on the i
charges made by Colonel C. B. Knocker I
against the Pacific advisory board These I
comments display a total ignorance of
kennel matters on the coast, and more
particularly of the workings of the Amer
ican Kennel Club. The facts of the case
are these: The Pacific advisory board
as at present constituted, contains a
number of discordant elements, all at
cross purposes, and consequently tends to
promote discord, instead of harmony
among the Pacific specialty and kennel
clubs. Colonel Knocker, who is acting
under instructions from the San Fran
cisco Kennel Club, of which he is the
delegate, proposes to reform the preseTrt
advisory board out of existence. The
next thing in order will then be the ap
pointment by the American Kennel Club
of such delegates from the coast clubs
as will constitute a harmonious body
to regulate local kennel affairs. Every
fancier, who has the interests of the dog
truly at heart, must wish that the colonel
will be successful in his cfTort.
Emmet Sullivan of Menlo Park has
given notice to the American Kennel Club
that the name of his newly acquired fox
terrier. Elwood Check, has been changed
to Menlo Check. Mr. Sullivan claims
registration under the new title. Check
has arrived in fine fettle and looks every
inch the dog he has been "cracked up"
to be.
Fox terriers are certainly on the move
At least three Eastern cracks are on the
way, or soon will be, to the Golden Gate.
Eugene O'Neill of Belmont intends to
break up his kennel of Irish setters, which
will be sold.
H. H. Carlton, the secretary of the San
Francisco Kennel Club, is now paying
the prize money to the successful ex
hibitors, and announces that the medals
will be ready for distribution in the early
part of next week.
FIELD OF SPORT
STANDAM) AMEfcICAN TAR6ET
WELTER-WEIGHTS
READY
FOR THE FRAY.
Young McConnell of the San Francisco
■ Athletic Club, who is a protege of Alex
Greggains, the clever exponent of flstl
■ cuffs, is increasing- daily his number of
■ admirers and followers.
McConnell, as every sport lover knows,
is matched to fight the clever McKeever
: before the National Club on the evening
lof Tuesday, June 21. Owing to the years
of hard experience which McKeever has
i had while battling for coin and glory, it
is presumed that he will be a strong fa
\ vorite among the bettors who invariably
play the old dog for the hard road, but
as a general thing a lii}>? cannot be drawn
on the lighters because one man may be
sent well to the front by those who make
: the betting figures in the pool rooms.
Many instances may be cited which will
' prove that the favorites in gambling cir
cles have frequently been the recipients
of a good listing and beating in the ring.
But be that as It may, it can be taken for
granted, however, that Young McConnell
will give his friends and admirers "a run
for their money." and who can say that
McKeever has any particular cinch on the
game?
The Slatlngton lad. although a polished
mechanic pugillstically, Is not a very dan
gerous chap; in fact, he has but two
SOME PROMINENT MARKSMEN OF THIS CITY.
knockouts to his credit and the men who
fell before him are Horace Leeds and Ar
thur Valentine. In July, Wi. Ziegler
knocked McKeever out In three rounds,
but In 1896 McKeever won from Zifgler
In a six-round bout; In the subsequent
year they met twice and fought six
rounds each time without a decision.
Ziegler is, however, a most tricky fel
low, who cannot be depended upon. He
did not leave a good impression on the
sporting fraternity of this city.
McKeever met the erratic Griffo twice.
In April, 1596, he fought the Australian
twenty rounds, the contest being declared
Jn his favor, and on September 7, 1897.
they fought fifteen rounds at Athens, Pa.,
which bout was declared a draw.
McConnell met Griffo in the Olympic
Club of this city and the large number of
people who witnessed the contest spoke
very highly of the local boxer, whose de
fense was particularly clever. It is said,
however, that Griffo did not extend him
self on this occasion and good Judges did
not hesitate to say after the mill that
Griffo fought to lose by a email margin,
as he had an object in view.
Be that as it may, McConnell proved
beyond argument that he is made of the
right stuff, and should give a very' good
account of himself in the best of com
pany. The Ran Franciscan is training
at Blankcn's Six Mile House, under the
care of Greiegains, and his opponent is
located at the Ocean Beach. The pre
liminary to this fight will consist of a
ten-round contest between Young Peter
Jackson (colored) and Frank Purcell. In
case a decision cannot be rendered at the
end of the tenth round the pugilists must
fight on until an award can be given.
Amateur boxing clubs will do well to
remember in future that the police ser
geants who will be detailed to look after
fistic entertainments will Insist upon pad
ding being placed under the hard ring
floors, that are now covered only by a
thin carpet. A hint to the wise should
be sufficient.
The Manhattan Athletic Association has
completed arrangements for a boxing car
nival to be held at Elntracht Hall on
Thursday evening, June 30. The pro
gramme, as follows, Is to decide the light
and bantam championships of the Pacific
Coast:
Jimmy Anthony vs. Fred Renick, fif
teen rounds: Bud Terry vs. Kid McFad
den, six rounds; Lon Agnew vs. Fred
Muller, fifteen rounds.
The Alpine Athletic Club of 28 Golden
Gate avenue will give Its monthly exhi
bition on Tuesday evening next. The prin
cipal event Will be an eight-round con
test for a valuable club trophy between
Pat Lynch of the Excelsior Club and
Joe Kane of the Alpine Club—
14f) pounds. Also a six-round bout be
tween D. A. Carroll of the California
Swimmingand Athletic Club and E Dahl
"The Butcher Boy"— 130 pounds.
The Excelsior Athletic Club will hold
its next regular monthly exhibition' on
Monday, June 20. at Teutonia Hall 1322
Howard street. The principal events
will be eight-round boxing contests be
tween Jimmy Riley of the Excelsior Club
and Charley Reno of the Olympic Club
at 12S pounds, for the lightweight ama
teur championship of the Pacltic Coast
and a valuable trophy. Also an eight
round boxing contest between Charley
Tye of the Reliance Athletic Club and
Jack Lahey of the Manhattan Athletic
Club, at 140 pounds, for the welter-weight
amateur championship of th.9 Pacific
Coast and a valuable trophy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1398.
YACHTS CRUISE
ON RIVER,
BAY AND OCEAN.
W. S. Goodfellow's schooner La Paloma
of the Pacific and San Francisco clubs
has left her moorings near the house of
the latter and gone on a long cruise in
southern waters. E. A. Wiltsee's schooner
Aggie sailed in "the channel" last Satur
day. The Pacific programme has a cruise
to Quarry Cove set down for to-day, and
a cruise in squadron under signal from
the flagship for to-morrow.
When Dr. T. L. Hill accepted the office
of commodore of the San Francisco «Yacht
Club for IS9B the support of the officers
and members was cordially promised to
him. The commodore set down upon his
programme few cruises, but hoped that
these would be well attended. For June
4 a cruise to McNear's Landing with a
dance in the pavilion there was appointed.
The afternoon and evening were glorious;
a full moon shed her. brightness, and the
air was warm and summerlike. Yet, not
withstanding these favorable conditions,
not a single yacht followed the flagship
Cygmis from Sausalito. The vice-com
modore went off to a dinner, the secretary
and treasurer to a cricket match and the
rest of the officials, who at a dinner on
the previous evening had enthusiastically
drunk the commodore's health, were con
spicuous by their absence. Though the
San Francisco Club has a goodly number
of yachts on its roll and plenty of good
fellows among its officers and members. It
unfortunately has very little club spirit.
Though the wind was light last Satur
day evening, the flagship Cygnus keeping
to the El Campo shore, got up to McNears
and cast anchor in the little cove near the
pavilion at about 10 p. m. F. A. Bartlett's
sloop Queen, just returned from a two
weeks' cruise up the river, was lying at
anchor there, The pavilion was lighted
up, and the guests were made at home by
Mr. and Mrs. George McNear. Soon Allen
M. Clay's Sea Fox of the California Yacht
Club came In, and later A. Sutherland's
Catherine of the San Francisco Yacht
Club and the sloop Cupid of the Corin
thian Yacht Club. After a few dances, G.
McNear kindly took several of the visit
ors out for a trial in his launch. On their
return a little supper was served.
On board the sloop Cygnus were Com
modore Dr. T. 1,. Hill and Mrs. Hill, Mr.
and Mrs. W, J. Monro, Miss Kate Kerri
gan, C. Rieveley and Arthur Inkersle-y.
There being no wind at all on Sunday
morning, the party rambled ashore to the
Chinese shrimp-fishers' village. At about
1:30 p. m. Allen M. Clay's Sea Fox, which
had made an unsuccessful attempt to get
out the night before, sailed away, fol
lowed by A. Sutherland's Catherine and
the sloop Cupid. F. A. Bartlett's Queen
and Dr. T. L. Hill's Cygnus were last to
leave. Near Quarry Cove, Angel Island,
G. B. Edgar's sloop Sappho and G. P.
Gaither's sloop U & I were met and sa
luted. To-day and to-morrow are open
days upon the programme of the San
Franclscos. The next cruise Is to Marin
Islands, on the 18th and 19th.
Arthur D. Naylor's sloop Twilight, af
ter being painted, scraped and generally
overhauled, came off the "ways" at
Menottl's last week, and took her first
cruise on Sunday. She Is a beamy craft,
about thirty-five feet over all, of light
draught, and very strongly built; an ex
cellent boat for general cruising, and
work in creeks. Yesterday her owner,
accompanied by G. T. S. White, vice
commodore of the San Franciscos, and
one or two friends, left Sausallto for a
nine days' cruise; they propose to go first
to Mare Island, thence up the Napa
Creek to Napa City- down the creek and
up the Sacramento River.
Frank A. and Mrs. Bartlett had a de
lightful two weeks' cruise in the sloop
Queen spending three or four days at
Suisun, getting up to Courtland on the
Sacramento River, and enjoying some
fins sailing through the sloughs. Mc-
Nenrs Landing was reached on Friday,
the 3d, and on Sunday the Queen returned
to her moorings at Sausalito.
The Corinthians had a cruise to the
Petaluma drawbridge set down for last
Saturday and Sunday. Commodore Carl
Westerfeld's sloop Aeolus, W. S. Grover's
yawl Arcturus, F. F. Ames' sloop Elia,
ex-Commdore A. J. Young's Clara, J. M.
Patrick's sloop Thetis, Secretary E. B.
Lathrop's sloop Pride, J. M. Matoon's
sloop Amigo, the sloop Mignon, ex-Corn*
modore J. W. Pew's sloop Truant, F. R.
Cook's sloop Harpoon, and A. J. Lyons'
sloop Freda started from Tiburon, but
the breeze along the Contra Costa shore
was so light that only the flagship Aeolus
carried it through and reached her des
tination. Elia, Harpoon and Thetis an
chored about two miles below the bridge,
while Truant, Mignon, Arcturus, Pride and
Amigo came to anchor at McNears Land
ing. Clara sailed around all night. Aeolus
COLUMBIAN TA&6E.T
left soon after 1 p. m. on Sunday on the
return trip, and had a good breeze down.
E. Sager is having the injuries done to
Edna by the collision with Pride re
paired; the damage is not serious. Pride
had the crew of Edna on board last Sat
urday and Sunday; she reached McNears
about 11 p. m. on' Saturday, but, tempted
by the warmth and brilliancy of the
night, sailed up and down until nearly 3
in the morning. Edna will be ready to
resume sailing to-day.
E. B. Learning, once commodore of the
Tacoma Yacht Club, and owner of an
undefeated boat, has been elected a mem
ber of the Corinthian Yacht Club. He
may have his boat brought down from
the Sound, but, if he does not do this,
will build a yacht.
To encourage yachting and yacht rac
ing the Encinal Yacht Club offers an
nually challenge pennants in each class.
The winner of a pennant may hold it for
two weeks unchallenged; then any boat
in the winner's class may challenge for
it. and the race between challenger and
challenged takes place not earlier than
seven days, nor later than fourteen days,
from the day of the challenge. All boats
In the winner's class may enter. The
boats in the club fleet are classed as A,
Al, 1, 2, 3 and 4. The yachts winning
the largest number of challenge races
during the season receive prizes. If two
boats win the same number of pennant
races, the tie is raced off. The annual
regatta of the Encinals for challenge
pennants Is set down for this afternoon,
but no entries having been received, there
will be no race.
The yawl Phyllis and the sloops Fawn
and Iris, of the Encinal Yacht Club, are
at San Mateo. S. E. Bates' Vlx<*n is go
ing for a cruise up the Sacramento River
this month, and on Saturday. June 18,
Commodore J. S. Hanleys yawl Spray,
flagship of the Encinal fleet, will take
a party up to Mare Island, and for an
up-river cruise.
ALL ABOUT PISH ,
AND TROUT STREAMS.
Fly fishing: on the McCloud River is
about over, as the salmon have entered
the stream and that means only bottom
fishing for trout until next September.
Tom Flynn and other anglers, who are
fond of heavy-weight sport, will try their
luck this month on the McCloud at sal
mon fishing. The salmon will take a !
spoon or a large, gaudy fly and battles I
of an hour and more are common; fre
quently the king of the river cleans the
angler out of all line and tackle.
Fish Commissioner Vogelsang states
that the Paper Mill, or, rather, the head
waters of Lagunitas Creek, will posi
tively be stocked with thousands of trout
fry before the end of July. Anglers ap
preciate anything that the Commission
ers will do looking to their future pleas
ure.
11 v.^ 1 , 1 ? ot be la -w*ul for anglers to
catch black bass until July 1. The out
look is very good for early fishing on
Russian River.
\V. Bogard visited the Truckee River
last Sunday and reports having had first- j
class sport spooning for trout near Verdi, i
Although it is a little early for good fly
flshing on TrurUee the salmon and red
ant flies are becoming plentiful, and that
is a sign of excellent fly fishing near at
hand. Mr. Bogard reports that market
fishermen have been shipping large quan- I
titles of trout from Verdi. Florriston and !
Reno to this city and Sacramento since
April.
Ed Kolb, the ex-champion wrestler and
all round good fellow, is at present camp- !
ed on the banks of the Klamath River,
near Shovel Creek. Eddie is having the |
highest of old times among the piscatorial
beauties of Southern Oregon, and as an
evidence of what he can catch on the i
fly a beautiful mess of large rainbows j
arrived in this city last Tuesday, con- j
signed to Commodore Den-Hard. When j
the nautical observer opened the cage I
in which the beauties were lying in wait I
for the pan he found them so strong that !
they leaped out of his hand on sight.
The warm weather had, doubtless, much j
to do with the condition of the fish en i
route to this city. Den-Hard has shipped
the all round good fellow a box of what '
is commonly called fish preservative, and i
the next shipment from Klamath is
watched for with much interest by friend- |
ly epicures.
Refused to Prosecute.
The cases of John Joseph Sehl of Se
attle and Charles Hammersmith, charged
with shooting at each other in the lodg
ing-house, 242 Post street, kept by Sehl"s
wife, last Monday, were again called in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday and each
refused to swear to a complaint against
the other, and asked that the cases be
dismissed. Judge Mogan declined to ac
cede to the request and Instructed Detec
tive Egan to swear to both complaints.
The cases were then continued till Mon
day.
GERMAN 25 RING TAPC6ET
REUNION AND
REGATTA
AT LONG BRIDGE.
Twenty-five or more years ago Long
Bridge was a favorite resort of the in
habitants of San Francisco for purposes
of bathing, yachting and rowing. The
first yachts seen on the bay were an
chored off Long Bridge, and near it were
cafes, refreshment houses and saltwater j
baths. The first yacht races were held,
and in 1868 the first attempt was made j
to organize a yacht club, and provide it
with quarters at Long Bridge. Though
the yachtsmen have deserted the old
Bridge for about a quarter of a century
in. favor of the more attractive shores of
Marln County, Long Bridge has always ;
remained an important rendezvous of the ■
oarsmen and scullers. But it is now j
about to follow other old landmarks of
the city into oblivion. Before the fa
miliar object disappears a general reun
ion of the boating clubs on the bay will
be held there to-morrow. The Pioneers,
Ariels and South Ends will throw their
quarters open to the rowing men; the
Dolphin Boat Club will send over several
crews, and the Tritons, who rarely make
public appearances, will row over to do
honors to the occasion. The morning
will be devoted to a reception for lad
ies; then will follow the Ariel Rowing
Club regatta, after which the members
and visitors will repair to the South End
boathouse for music and refreshments.
The Olympic minstrels have promised
their services, and other talented per
formers will entertain the company. The
president of the day will be D. J. Shee
han. Invitations have been issued to
all the other boat clubs and the inten
tion is to make the gathering a notable
and interesting one.
The programme of races Is as follows:
1. Senior skiff race— Frank Wilson vs.
Robert Ellis and James Wilson vs. G. W.
Phelan.
2. Junior skiff race — James O'Connell,
E. Sternberg and Charles McCoy.
3. Junior four-oared barge race — First
crew: Edward Lynch, stroke; F. Loth,
afterwaist; A. Haughton, forwardwaist;
E. McDonough, bow. Second erew — E.
Chapelle, stroke; Andrew Carroll, after
waist; P. H. Wilson, forwardwaist; Al
bert Carroll, bow.
4. Old timers' race— Leander Stevenson,
Eugene Flanders, William Growney, John
T. Sullivan of the Pioneer Boat Club, Tom
Flynn, Dan Leahy and William Thornton
of the South End Rowing Club.
6. Exhibition sculling match between
William McAusland and Henry Wittkoff.
G. Match race in four-oared barges be
tween the Ariel Senior crew and the
members of the Turnverein composing
one of the Ariel Junior crews. The chal
lenging Junior crew is made up of Charles
Haas, stroke; William Hausteln, after
waist; William Oechsle, forwardwaist;
and E % Steffern, bow. The Senior chal
lenged crew is made up of William Howe,
stroke; Edward McKenna. afterwaist;
Robert Ellis, forwardwaist; and John
Fickert, bow.
The officers of the regatta are: Referee,
3. C. McGinnis; starter, P. J. Enright;
;lmers, Walter Blake and John O'Connell;
judges— J. D. Batteaux, L. Waterman, H.
A. Pless, Johnson Hardy and H. Cav
?ney; marshal of course, J. R. Bockman.
To-morrow the South End men will join
the Ariels and the Pioneers In receiving
:he visiting oarsmen. The South End boat
:iouse, being more commodious than that
af the Ariels, will be used for refresh
ments and for the high jinks that will
follow the regatta.
Blank forms for entries at the El Campo
regatta have i>een sent out, and must be
returned, properly filled out. six days be
fore June 26, to S. J. Pembroke, the sec
retary of the regatta committee of the
Pacific Athletic Association.
F. W. Ayers and Chetwood Avers, the
winners of the gold and silver medals for
3enlor scullers, will enter the senior shell
•ace at El Campo.
The election of officers of the Triton
Swimming and Boating Club was held on
Puesday, June 7, and the following were
;hosen: President. D. H. Everett; finan
cial secretary, I. Citron; recording eecre
ary, George Blum; treasurer, August F.
Schuppert; captain. John Peat; lieutenant,
}us Schimpf; trustees— D. J. O'Keefe, H.
Srickwedel and B. H. Coffin.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Lulu Gossard has filed a suit for divorce
against her husband, Frank W. Gossard.
As a cause of action the plaintiff alleges
desertion. Mabel L. Kimball has applied
for a divorce from John Kimball on the
ground that the defendant deserted her
over a year ago.
WITH THE HOUNDS
AND THE
COURSING MEN.
Three big stakes will be run off to-day
ana to-morrow at the two parks. At In
gleslde the feature is an all age, open
event. At Union Park an open event and
a sapling stake are scheduled. The en
try at Union Park Is of execeptlonally
high quality. The sport should be corre
spondingly warm. Picking the final win
ner in the long odds books will tax the
shrewdest expert.
Last week was the first occasion In
many months that Jim Byrnes' name
failed to appear on the card at Ingle
side. Jim was just ten minutes late and
the entries had closed without him.
Dean has Moondyne and Mialmo at
Union Park to-day for a change. The
pair should be well up In front, especial
ly Moondyne.
The wet weather has put the coursing
fields in velvet-like condition.
The Sapling stake at Union Park to
day includes a pair of youngsters owned
by Cronin and McDonald that appear
able to make a good start. They are by
Skyball, out of Arnette, and are a splen
did looking brace of fledglings.
Dave Winders made another effort to
purchase Jimmy Anthony's Statesman at
Ingleside last Sunday. Jimmy, however,
was obdurate.
The Call picked every winning pnppy at
Ingleside la.st Saturday and in the open
stake lost only one of twenty-six courses.
The Call's tips are consequently gaining
popularity.
Mialmo and Blackette meet at Uuion
Park to-day for the third time. Twice
Mialmo has won. To-day it looks like
the Curtis dog, but as neither is believed
to be In the acme of shape the result is
shrouded in much uncertainty.
Joe South has at his resort near In
gleside a greyhound for which he would
like to find an owner. It Is a female,
white, apparently about four years old,
and strayed into Joe's place several days
ago.
Kay and Frank are bidding for the
stake at both parks to-day. At Ingle
side Diana has been doing some lively
running of late. At Union Park Leono
ra's work has been fair, but on neither
sward has she shown the form which
marked her performances of a year ago.
O'Connell Bros, have a line out for the
Ingleside coin to-day. Log Boy was
scarcely at his best last week, but is said
to have recovered. Senorita has been
showing steady improvement for some
time.
Judging by their past performances the
courses in the first run-down at Union
Park to-day should result as follows:
White Chief to beat ; Hicks; Lissak to
beat Connolly; Border's Valentine to beat
Lady Grace; Forget to beat Gilt Edge-
Theron to bet Sweet Lips; Sunbeam to
bet Glenwood ; . Royal Buck to beat • Lady
Campbell; Commodore to beat Beatrice-
Firm Friend to v beat Chiquita; Laurel
wood to beat Simolite; Little Dottie to
beat Lady Blanch ; Kilboy to beat Black
Pattl; ■ Blackett to beat < Flying Buck Mi
almo to beat Jester;- Chili Pepper to beat
Blue Jay;, Johnnie R to beat Jessie More-
Move On to beat Blackstone; Moondyno
to beat Do Me; The Gosson to beat Van
Knapp; Star Pointer to beat Dr
Norman; Tod Sloan to beat Lawrence
Bell; Leonora- to beat Jersey Lily Mil
ler's Maid to beat Montana; Magnet to
beat Emm Pasha; Bendigo to beat Scarf
Pin; Winged Foot to beat Mlra Monte-
Hercules to beat Little Dorritt; Metallic
to beat Wait-a-Ltttle; Sylvanus to beat
Jessie Maid ■: O'Grady to beat Mystery •
Glenstone to beat Little Doubt; Sky ball
to beat Sportsman. ■ >ra "
; The probable winners of big money are
e^n^X™^' Skybal1 ' B ' ck!
Sapling stake— of Bail, Celt Lalla
a^StSe l^ 11 ' Sky High.S^ r ffi
The Delinquent List.
The delinquent tax list published by the
Tax Collector shows a decrease In amount
on real estate from $90,848 83, the figures
last year, to 8*4,321 63. the figures this year
s .£ e o ars fl S ures on personal property
are J20.838 27, which Is an increase over
the figure for last year of over half that
amount, excluding those taxes which be
came delinquent by reason of refusals to
pay on legal grounds.
Alice Biz *~*~* "*
writes about
"The Men They Left Behind Them "
[ in next Sunday's Call.
PICNIC RUNS ARE
NOW THE
CYCLERS' PASTIME
The Acme Club Wheelmen of Oakland
and the Bay City Wheelmen of this city
will have their annual picnic run to-mor
row to a sequestered nook across the bay.
The Bay Citys will take the 9 a. m. creek
route boat and meet the Oakland club at
the foot of Broadway. There will be a
bountiful repast and numerous games to
while the time away.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen, under
Captain W. L. Loos, will tour Maria
County on Sunday, the 19th, their destin
ation being Tocaloma.
The Olympic Cyclers will hold a pic
nic run to Escalles, Marin County, o a
Sunday, the 19th inst., and Captain Shea
expects a large attendance.
Among the Denver, Minnesota and
other Eastern States troops now quar
tered here are a number of very speedy
cyclers who have hastened to avail them
selves of their favorite sport by patron
izing the park cycleries whenever leave
of absence was obtainable. The local
riders have picked up these soldier-cy
clers as "good things" in a racing -
wherein they have been badly fooled, as
many a soldier has shown them his rear
wheel in a brush on the cycle path.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold thr-lr
annual picnic run, heretofore held at
Blythedale, at Millwood, Marin County,
on Sunday, June 19. All ex-members are
invited and are requested to notify
tain Harry Larkin, 441 Golden <JatP ave
nue, not later than next Wednesday, if
they will attend. Members will sign
the list on the club bulletin board The
wheeling contingent will take the 9:30
a. m. Tiburon boat and ride via Belve
dere and Alto to destination. Those who
go without their cycles will take the 10
a. m. Sausalito boat and Mill Valley train
to Millwood. There will be a baseball
game and numerous other sports.
The Bay City Wheelmen will take a
trip to Stockton on Saturday afternoon,
June 2b, on the river steamer, returning
Monday morning. The club's baseball
team will go up to play a match ga,m«
with the Stockton Wheelmen.
General satisfaction is expressed at th«
change of date of the annual C. A. C. C.
20-mile race, as suggested by The Call,
from July to the latter part of Septem-
I ber, when it is cooler for such a long and
hard race and more men are in training.
i The associations events are now well
' distributed— the 25-mile handicap coming
• !n February, the 100-mile relay race in
May, the 20-mile scratch in September
' and" the 10-mile handicap in October.
The prospects are good for a big In
door tournament at the Pavilion next
1 winter, managed by the American Cycle
1 Racing Association. Alf Ellinghouse,
well-known in theatrical circles here, is
the local representative of Messrs. Pow
ers and Brady, who control the associa
tion, and he "states in a letter to The
Call from New York, dated May 30, that
it is the intention to bring out Jame3
Michael, Fred Titus. •'Major" Taylor
(colored). Edouard Taylore (French), and
a number of other stars. The meet will
probably be held in January.
Arthur M. Boyden, of the Reliance Club
Wheelmen, Oakland, one of the most
popular professionals on the State cir
cuit, died at his home across the bay
last Wednesday. Boyden was one of the
best handicap riders in the State, and
had a large circle of friends, both in and
outside of the sport. His malady was
typhoid fever, and his illness of short
duration.
Frank E. Richardson, who was captain
of the Bay City Wheelmen ten years
ago, and has been living in Southern.
California for several years past, is again
in the city, this time to stay, and 13
renewing "his old acquaintances among
the wheelmen.
The Imperial Cycling Club is now en
sconsed in its new home at 308 Baker
street, near Fell. The club will have a
yachting cruise on Sunday, June 19.
The Capital City Wheelmen of Sacra
mento have arranged their programme
of events for their annual meet on July
4. The gathering will commence Satur
day evening, July 2, with the regular
monthly meeting of the board of officers
of the C. A. C. C, after which there
will be a hi^-h jinks and banquet in their
honor. Sunday following will be given
over to tours to various points of in
terest in the vicinity of Sacramento.
There will be a parade Monday morning
and the races will be held in the after
noon on the famous three-lap board
track. The events will Include a one
mile novice, the mile State championship,
one-half mile handicap, and a five-mile
paced match between J. E. Wing of the
Olympic Club and some rider not yet
selected. Efforts are being made to get
Furman of Los Angeles as his opponent.
The fifty-mile relay race between the
Olympic Club Wheelmen and the Capital
City Wheelmen will be held on Sunday,
August 7, on the Sacramento track, and
both clubs will stake their all on the re«
suit, so hearty Is the rivalry.
H. W. SPALDINO.
Must Pay License.
The Health and Police Committee of th#
Board of Supervisors refused to grant a
free boxing license to the Mechanics*
Athletic Club. If the club wants a per-*
mlt It must pay for it.
The Chinese Flag.
The standard of the Celestial Empire la *
very queer looking affair. It represents tha
most grotesque of green dragons on a yellow
ground. The latter is suggestive not only of
the national complexion, but also of that of.
a sufferer from biliousness. To remove this
unbecoming tint from the complexion us*
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which will
speedily regulate your liver, prevent malaria.
and remedy dyspepsia, nervousness, rheuma*
tism and kidney complaint.
CHICAGO, May 27, 1898.
LEA VITT & BILL, 303 Lark in street, San
Francisco : Our actual sales of Crescent
Bicycles to this morning passed the totaf
sales for year 1897. Public demand is out*
best recommendation.
WESTERN WHEEL WORKS. :
PRICE AND QUALITY TELLS!
The '98 Crescent
BICYCLES
ONT-fX"
$35 and $50.
. BOTH LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S
. WHEELS FITTED WITH DUNLOP •!
CORRUGATED TIRES. a
LEAVITT & BILL,
RETAIL AGENTS,
303 T-ia.rk.in. St., S. IB 1 .
SO San Pablo aye, Oakland*
■
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for All Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents*
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are tha
only safe and perfect lamps on the mar-
I ket. Call in and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO. ■
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
CRAGK DOGS i
A CLASSIC STAKE !
Big Money — Exceptional Entry,
Strong Hares.
SATURDAY, 1 P. M. SUNDAY 11 A. fitLATEST NEWS
OF THE
NATIONAL GAME.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Handsome Truck Egan will not be seen
In a San Francisco uniform again this
season. He applied for his release last
week and Manager Coflroth reluctantly
gave It to him. Truck had an opportun
ity to better himself by Joining "Big
Chief" McGucken's braves, and while
Coffroth was not overanxious to part
■with him, yet he deemed it expedient, ow
ing to the dull times.
Charley Sweeney very properly fined
"Ham" lberg $50 for not appearing In Sac
ramento last week. "Ham" was sched
uled to pitch for San Jose, and, without
advising his manager, simply took the
liberty of remaining at home. He was
fined for disappointing the fans, and the
league board should uphold Mr. Sweeney
In his action. This is not the first time
"Ham" has closeted himself, and the con
sensus of opinion among those who are
In a position to talk intelligently on the
subject is that "Ham and Eggs" will be
seeking a place to cook, If he does not
display a little more discretion.
"Kid" Peoples is Just as fast as ever
and Is playing a great third for the lead
ers. The management would not part
with him for anything short of a Collins,
Wallace or McGraw. A glimpse at his
record in the field should be studied by
some of the lesser lights. Out of thirty
six chances he has successfully dallied
with thirty-two, which gives him a field
ing average of .889. Pretty good work
that. But Just look who he is— a Gilt
Edger, one of the kind that practices
every day. V
Mertes Is playing great ball for Chi
cago. He not only pilfers a base with
the utmost regularity, but is hitting the
ball hard and in numerous instances safe.
His batting is most surprising, and may
It be of the perpetual order. •He has not
changed his ideas in regard to meeting
the ball, however, and I am afraid he
will realize the urgent necessity of do
ing so before many moons. "Everybody
to his style," may be Sam's motto, and
it might be that Sam could never refrain
from swinging at the ball, yet all the
greatest batsmen of the present decade
are 'snap hitters," and this fact demon
strates in an unmistakable manner the
advisability of adopting the rules now In
vogue, and employed by those men who
each year stand near the top of Na
tional League batting percentages. Ido
not wish to be misunderstood on this
batting proposition. When I advance the
opinion that snapping at the ball is the
correct way of handling a bat, I am
speaking to those players who are intent
on leading the league, if possible. In bat
ting. There are any number of play
ers who swing at the ball and meet it
very, very often. It is natural for them
to swing, and natural batters are desir
able, for it is out of this variety of men
that all ideal batsmen originate.
To be a first class batter one must pos
sess natural ability, but not to such an
extent that he is blind to all other ideas
concerning this art. When he has trained
his eye so as to he able to walk up to the
plate and pick out a pood ball he Is then
In one sense a great batter. Yet the
equally difficult part of being proficient
in thfe art of successfully hitting that
ball must be accomplished. It Is then
that he should employ the methods char
acteristic of Keeler of the Baltlmores
and Burkett of the Clevelands. These
batters never swing, but simply snap or
meet the ball. A case hit Is all they try
for, and in being able to pick out the kind
of a ball desired it is possible for them to
hit that ball in any direction— right field,
left field, center held, along the third
base line, over second base, along th«
first base line; any spot. In fact, that of
fers an opening-— it makes no difference
to bib -they simply meet the ball
square and it must go. Then, again, they
bunt without ever changing their posi
tion or making any kind of a move that
would telegraph their intentions. If a
third baseman plays In his regular posi
tion they will bunt. If he comes in close,
expecting a bunt, they will hit It at him
so fast that he cannot get his hands on
It unless Providence so decrees. In this
manner they keep every one of their op
ponents guessing as to what they Intend
doing next, and therein lies one of the
greatest arts of baseball. If I en to pitch
gainst a batter who never changes his
tactics I have nothing to worry me. He
does the same thing every time he comes
to .the bat, ami the whole team pulls
around In position for him. But the chap
•who snaps at a ball and keeps you figur
ing as to whether he is going to bunt
lie is the one to worry you. He keeps
your entire team guessing as to what he
Intends doing, and when he sees you
moving around In position he does just
the opposite to what you expect. He is
a "snap" hitter. He does ■ not look for
home runs, yet each year Invariably finds
him. at the top. It should be the aim of
all players, be they amateurs or not, to
practice the best ana proper m^theods of
Vattinp. This can be accomplished only
by meeting or snapping the ball. First
learn how to meet it, then go to placing.
All batters should know how to bunt. If
a player cannot bunt he cannot sacrifice
properly, and a player who is unable to
sacrifice without endangering the base
runners, does not deserve the title of ball
player.. ■■■
The game to-day, from every indication,
will be a good one. Tne "Beachcombers."
smarting under the shutout received at
the hands of the Athletics last Sunday,
claim that they will turn the tables in to
day's game, and 1 suppose that with the
tables will go the rest of the bric-a-brac.
The line-un is as follows:
Santa Cruz. position. Athletics.
Daubenbis Catcher Scott
Bales Pitcher *itZDatrick
Flt/pera ld First base Stulz
Arrellanes Second base.". . . ;'. . . .Reilly
Devereaux ..., Third base. . ..... .Johnson
Williams Shortstop. . . . McLaughlin
Btrieb Left field Ford
Mclntyre Center fie1d... :'..... . Smith
McGrath. Right field. . ..Hilderbrand
TENKIS PRACTICE FOR
THE TOURNAMENT.
little excitement or interest is dis
played In tennis at the California Tennis
Club courts at the present time. The ma-
Jorlty of the young lady players have left
th« city for the country and Die younger
members of the club are also out of town.
A few good things are on the tapis, but
they are distant very nearly a month.
The great Fourth of July tournament at
Ban Rafael Js now engaging the attention
of the players of reputation and ability.
The Interclub doubles have excited a cer
tain amount of enthusiasm in the game
and brought to notice a few young play
ers who with constant attention to the
game will soon rank in the first class, i he
Alameda Tennis Club is perhaps the most
poverty stricken in the way of first-class
players. The Oakland Club has. the two
Hard vs. young men of great achieve
ments on the courts. The California Ten
nis Club likewise numbers a brace of first
raters among its ranks, the Whitney
brothers. Besides these first-class players
there are Bradshaw and Root, both or
whom are steadily improving.
An attempt will be made to play a
mixed doubles tournament at the Califoi
r.ia Club on Wednesday of the coming
vcfk. Th(! best talent among the gentle
men player* have signified their willing
ness to play with lady partners.
This afternoon the scheduled game is
between teams representing the Alameda
and San Francisco clubs to be played at
A lameda. At this writing it has not yet
b( en decided what teams will represent
their respective clubs.
Magee and Mem, the Berkeley player,
were on the California Club courts during
the week and a game of doubles waa
and Brown. Mem and Magee won the
played between Mem and Magee and Daly
match after some very close playing.
Bradfihaw anfl Root were at it again and
aft>T a hot tussle honors broke even. Rob
Whitney found the measure of his broth
er's prowess on Thursday. George was de
feated. 6~0. 4—6. fi— 3. Walter beat Brad-
Bbaw two sets with the score 7— fi in both.
George Whitney played two sets with
Bradshaw, each man winning one.
General Miles, commander-in-chief
of the United States army, explains
the lessons of the praatnt war in next
Sunday's Call. ,
FALSE ALARM
IN CONGRESS
Uncle Sam Not Cinched
for Steamers.
KLONDIKERS IN TROUBLE.
SWIFTWATER BILL'S VESSEL
NOT READY.
His River Boat Dawson City to
Be Towed North by the Cali
fornia-Alaska Company's
Dirigo.
A great outcry has been made In Con
gress about the charges made by the
owners of steamers on the Pacific Coast
for the troopships required by Uncle Sam
CAME INTO PORT IN COMPANY.
The ship Occidental sailed In and the ship Yosemite was towed In from sea yesterday. Both are coal laden
from Seattle, but the Occidental made the run in eight days, while the Yosemite occupied fourteen days In mak
ing the voyage. It was simply a question of wind. The Occidental carried a good breeze with her all the way, and
the Yosemite encountered light winds and calms the first part of the voyage.
to carry soldiers to Manila. Had the Con
gressman who made the charges investi
gated the matter there would never have
been any outcry. ; '
When steamers were in demand for the
Klondike trade the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company paid the Oceanic Steamship
Company $800 a day for the use of the
Australia. The Government is paying ex
actly the same figure for the use of that
vessel and her sister ship, the Zealandia.
With this difference, however,; The Pa
cific Coast Steamship Company 1 fitted out
the Australia at its own expense for the
Klondike trade, while in the case of the
Government charter the owners have done
considerable of the fitting out. :
Another case in point is that of the
steamer Humboldt, for which $$50 a day
is now being paid to carry passengers to
St. Michael. For the Klondike trade the
Pacific Mall Company could have got
more money than the Government is now
paying them for the use of their vessels;
but they refused point blank to withdraw
them from the regular traffic. In the case
of the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
it was actually in want of steamers in
stead of having any to spare. No price
has been put on the Senator and Puebla,
and the loss of those vessels will seriously
interfere with its passenger trade. The
loss of the Australia and Zealandia leaves
the Oceanic Steamship Company without ,
a steamer for the Honolulu trade, and
the loss of the Peking, China, Sydney.
Colon and Para will seriously interfere
with the business of the Mail Company.
In no Instance was anything but a reason
able price asked for these vessels, so that
the outcry was ill timed and without
foundation.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
will put the steamer Queen on the Puget
Sound route, and' Captain Jepsen, the
popular master of the City of Puebla, will
command her. The City of Topeka will
take the Queen's place on the Alaska
route. Captain Thomas will go out in
command of the City of Puebla on her
trip to Manila, and Captain Patterson will
command the Senator. "Tom" James,
who made himself bo popular on the
Honolulu run as chief steward of the
Australia! is going out in a similar ca
pacity on the Senator, while W. E. Curtis,
who has so ably catered to the Puget
Sound traveling public, will look after the
boys in blue on the City of Puebla. ; --
Admiral Dewey, the hero of Manila, has
been immortalized. A new schooner built
at Nehalem Bay for the coasting trade
has been christened after him. In a few
weeks the books of the Merchants Ex
change will chronicle the arrival of the
schooner Dewey .with a load of lumber
from Nehalem Bay. .
The steamer Morgan City having been
chartered to carry soldiers to Manila will
not be put in the St. Michael trade this
season. Her passengers will go north on
the steamer Humboldt, which arrived
from Puget Sound yesterday. The latter
vessel has some of the quickest runs of
any of the Klondike fleet to her credit.
She made two round trips between Seat
tle and Lynn Canal in 19 days 2 hours, in
cluding all stops. She will go on the
drydock to-day, and will be ready to start
for St. Michael in the early part of next
TV' t* 6 X
The Alaska Transportation Company
CSwlftwater Bill's. venture) got. out of a
peck of trouble yesterday. The concern
had largely advertised the stoamer Aloha
to sail yesterday, but as the vessel ; will
not be ready for some time to come the
managers of the company did not i know
what to do. The company's river steamer
Dawson City is all ready, but nothing
could be chartered to tow her to St.
Michael, and the passengers began to
clamor. • The California- Alaska Naviga
tion Company's steamer Dlrigo was, to
Bail to-day, so the Swiftwater Bill Com
pany made a deal with it by which the
fmwpon City Is to be towed up by the
Dlrigo and the Aloha's passengers will
ro up on her. The Aloha is to get her
machinery / in next Wednesday, and will
Ball for St. Michael about the 20th inst.,
towing the California-Alaska Navigation
Company's Queen of the Yukon, which
was to have gone : north in tow of - the
Dirlgo In consequence of this deal the
Dirigo- will not sail for St. Michael until
Wednesday next. ' " '.■'■: .
. A big fleet Is getting 1 ready to leave for
the Yukon. ■ During ; the next week the
i fit Paul. -' Leelanaw. Humboldt. . Dirigo,
Tiilamook, . with f the - river steamer. Ride
out in tow, and - the James Eva .will ; all
Ret away for St. Michael with passen
gers The ! real \ rush will not begin, how
ever', until after the first shipment of gold
from Dawson arrives. ... . .
One of Captain Freese's barges sank
with 180 tons of : coal •at the Black : Point
Gas Works yesterday. The barge sprang
\ a i*air during the night and eank at her
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUKE 11, 1898.
moorings. One of the State dredgers will
try to recover the coal to-day after the
barge has been raised.
The steamer Sunol is to make an excur
sion around the bay and up to Mare Isl
and and Vallejo to-morrow, leaving
Washington street wharf at 10 a. m. The
troopships now being fitted out will be
visited, and as two hours will be given
the excursionists at Vallejo there will be
ample time to examine the Philadelphia,
Yorktown. Monadnock and Nero at the
navy yard. The trip should be a very
pleasant one.
The steamer Oregon arrived from Port
land yesterday with the remains of Cap
tain Stephens aboard. On the trip north
the captain dropped dead on the bridge
from heart disease. His children met tne
steamer on her arrival and the remains
were removed to undertaking parlors.
Owing to the fact that both the Austra
lia and Zealandia have been chartered as
troopships by the Government there will
be no vessel of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, to take the sailing of the 29th
inst. Owing to the scarcity of suitable
ocean steamers it has been impossible to
charter a vessel to take the Zealandia's
place. A boat may be secured to po out
on the July 27 run, but it is doubtful.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Estimates Submitted for the Next
Fiscal Year Showing a
Reduction.
The Fire Commissioners met Thurs
day afternoon when the estimate for the
next fiscal year was submitted as fol
lows: Salaries, including one extra com
pany, $402,560; pensions, $13,000; material,
$30,000; running expense fund, $80,000;
hose apparatus, houses and hydrants,
$52,025; lcavo of absence, $12,415; relief to
injured firemen, $1000. Total, $621,000.
This is a reduction of $6000 on the
amcunt appropriated last year and in
cludes the salaries for an extra com
pany.
B. F. Jones of truck 4 was fined three
days' pay for neglect of duty and
Charles F. O'Byrne of engine 21 five
days' pay for the same offense.
The resignation of George Clement of
engine 20; Joseph Schoen of engine 24,
and William P. Delaney of engine 9 were
accepted and the following appoint
ments made: John W. Thomson to
engine 9 and Henry McMahon to truck 2.
MUST NOW FIND A
LOT FOR ITS DEAD
ITALIAN SOCIETY HAS NO CLAIM
UPON THE CITY.
Grant of Burial Grounds in the City
Cemetery Has Been Canceled
by the Superior Court.
The demurrer of the city and county,
the Mayor and Board of Supervisors and
the Board of Health in the action
brought against them by La Socleta
Italiana di Mutua Beneficenzi, in which
It sought to restrain the municipal au
thorities from prohibiting the burial of
the dead in the society's plat in the
Golden Gate and City cemeteries, was
sustained by Judge Hebbard yesterday
and the action ordered dismissed.
The cemetery lots were held by the so
ciety under a grant from the Coard of
Supervisors in June, 1879. In June of
last year the Supervisors passed an or
dinance prohibiting further burials in the
cemeteries after January, 1898. The ordi
nance was disputed by the plaintiff so
ciety, which claimed that it was illegally
adopted; that the society was discrimi
nated against; that no other lots had
been set apart to the society as required
by the act of March 27, 1868, and tha^t
while the city authorities still permitted
the burial of the indigent dead within
the City cemetery up to July 1, 1898, the
same privilege was denied the society.
A demurrer to the complaint was filed
by the various defendants, claiming that
the court had no jurisdiction of the sub
ject matter. The whole question rested
on one point which related to the valid
ity of the grant of the lots in the ceme
teries to the society by the Board of Su
pervisors in 1879. It was held that If the
grant was not sufficient to convey the
title to the land it would amount to a
mere license to bury revocable at the
will of the grantor. The court finds that
under the acts of the Legislature and
the orders of the Board of Supervisors,
the City cemetery was reserved for a
public purpose and that the conveyance
of it would be a violation of the trust
imposed by law upon the Board of Su
pervisors. It also held that the plaintiff
society, being a private corporation, the
Board of Supervisors was without power
to grant to it the cemetery lots; conse
quently, that the attempted grant was
invalid and through it the society held
no title.
For theFe reasons the plaintiff was held
to have no standing in court, and its suit
was ordered dismissed.
In Honor of Old Ireland.
A grand centennial celebration to com
memorate the Irish insurrection of 179S
was held at Foresters' Hall, Port Costa,
Wednesday evening, under the auspices
of Port Costa Lodge No. 7 of the St. Pat
rick's Alliance. The programme for the
event was of exceptional merit, and con
sisted of Irish patriotic songs and recita
tions, with a goodly introduction of
American anthems. Rev. Father Walsh
was the president of the celebration. The
programme in part was as follows: Vio
lin solo. Miss Buttner; song, "Erin's Sad
Memories," Josephine Dreschler; song,
"Yankee Dewey,'' Walter Herlitz; vocal
eolo, J. Kay; tableau, "Ireland and Amer
ica," Miss M. Cashman and Misa Ella
Crowley.
The Rev. Father Caraher acted as
speaker of the evening taking for the
subject of his address "The Irish Rebel
lion of 1798."
Alice Biz
writes about
"The Men They Left Behind Them,"
in next Sunday's Call.
LUMBER IS
DEMORALIZED
E. K. Wood Company
Spoiled a Compact.
TOO CHEAP AN OFFER
FIRMS WILL SELL MATERIAL
AT THEIR OWN PRICES.
Harbor Commissioners Will Obtain
Jjumber at Greatly Reduced
Rates — Mr. Wood Ex
plains.
The lumber market has been demor
alized by the action of the E. K. Wood
Lumber Company In deserting the pre
arranged movement among large hand
lers of the useful commodity to uphold
the market by charging $14 per 1000 feet.
The Wood Company broke the spell a
few days ago by putting in a bid to the
Harbor Commissioners offering to furnish
them with lumber during the next six
months at $11 f<o. Their action was de
cried by other firms as it lowered the
standard of prices which they had set at
a meeting of the Retail Lumber Asso
ciation, and threats were freely made to
punish the firm for its audacity.
While condemning the move of the E.
K. Wood Company, many of the firms
will follow its example by lowering their
prices and bidding for the contract, which
they know will net them a neat profit,
in the hope of being awarded the con
tract.
As was published exclusively in The
Call of yesterday, a movement was on
foot to defeat the object of the desert
ing company by placing every obstacle
in its path that will prevent the fulfill
ment of the contract in the event of
their getting jt. It would seem that the
Wood Company's chances in that direc
tion are rather slim, as companies who
have had business with the board in
years past will lower their price with a
view to landing the plum. It is said
that if the E. K. Wood Lumber Com
pany's bid was equaled the board would
give it to a preferred company.
One thing is certain, and that is, the
Harbor Commissioners will obtain lum
ber cheaper this season than at any other
period in the past few years.
ft. K. Wood, who departed from the
unwritten law of the Retail Lumber
Dealers' Association, said yesterday: "I
am sorry that anything was paid in The
Call about the matter. It was simply a
tempest in a teapot, and I am sure has
already blown over. Our firm put a bid
of $11 50 simply as a business proposition.
We knew that at that price we could
realize a profit, and will be glad to get
the contract.
"One reason for bidding ns we did is
that lumber is cheaper now than sixty
days ago. Freight has also decreased
from $5 to $3. We do not expect to get
the business, nor do we want to get
into a newspaper controversy with those
in our lino of business. I have no ill will
against them, and I don't think they
have against me. I expect that other
companies will bid at the same price, and
as some are preferred by the Commis
sioners, I suppose they will obtain the
contract. -However, in the event our
company is chosen, I don't think the
other companies would be foolish enough
to refuse to sell us lumber, l am sure
they would not dare refuse, as they are
In the business to sell. We are not worry
ing on that score, as we can easily sup
ply ourselves with material from our
mill. The kind that is used by the Com
missioners is not scarce and can be eas
ily procured.
"The reason why the other companies
are complaintng is that we have lowered
the price of lumber. Some time ago, at
a meeting of our association, Mr. O'Brien
of Simpson & Co. made a motion that
retailers sell lumber to the Harbor Com
missioners at not less that $14, and as an
outcome of the motion those present
signed an agreement to that effect. Our
representative, M. Stephens, refused to
sign, not having the necessary author
ity. Not having been a party to the
agreement and seeing an opportunity to
obtain some business we put in our bid
accordingly."
Mr. Pennell of Simpson & Co. was
asked whether his firm would refuse to
sell the E. K. Wood Company lumber if
they found It necessary to buy. "Cer
tainly not," said he. "If Wood & Co.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
-B-E-B-B-H-H-B-B-B-B- B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B- 1
A MAN AMONG MEN I;
With Strong Nerves, Clear Brain and Vigorous :'
Physical Strength. I
SUCH YOU CAN BE ! |
£ r&Szgw&FLu^ > V >k What has been done can be
lL~^*aig|r^ Ty w^^s&&£jm ■ done. It >is wrong to assert that I
tßcij^. A __ jt— s~r^*ma*!J^W'- : strength once lost ; cannot be re- |
jr^f^^^r ■ stored. ■It has been done. ' Dr.
>"*^ MMs^ Sanden's Electric Belt has re- I
■ Wjflw', '■"..■•'-*■ ••■■'• Mag stored • vigor to ■ many thousands ■
tC^^^^u.!^^- *'J*x§}NL °' men wno . nad almost given up
JW^wE^»**'< hope. It has been done, and it I
J^,JE^^^Tca^ can' be done/ It is being done ,
w ' \v ~ * ■■■■■-.•. . v.- ; . every. day. ■< ■; ' ■ ■ • •'_ •;-
I
Read the Book, "Three Classes of Men."
' /It is worth $100 to any man who is not what he ought *to be. It
will be sent closely sealed, free upon application. Call and examine this . |
Belt if possible. .Call, or address ; ;. - ...
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO. :*, IMPORTANT NOTICE^
.; 708 Market Street, Corner Geary," Ban Franolieo.. ' r ,' • —-r— • :
Office hour»-« arm.', to Bp. m.; Sundays 10 ; ' Dr. Danden's offices
to 1. Branches at Ik>b Anselea. Cal.," 204tt-cuth '. J.« n ow at ' M Market I
Broadway; Portland, Or.. 268 Washington at.; are: now, at 7 " Market
Denver, Colo.. 831 Sixteenth at.; Dallaa, Tex.. Street, corner Geary. > •
MS Main at. ' ;-■■--.-■:- ■• •.,-,• ■■. ■-*-; »- — .- — : ■ -♦ I
■■ v : ■::-■-.-': " ; - :"•'-.■■' ■'■'■^-■' ■■■-:.■ X. ,: :.'. : ; ■. "■ ' '■• -•■i-T;, '."■■.'"/■.•■■.■'.■■■ ■■■■"• :'■ . - .■ :■..:
want our lumber they can have it, but
they must pay us the usual tariff for it.
If it was $14 per 1000 feet, as it was some
months ago, they would have to pay
that price and get out of it as best they
could. I do not think they will be de
pendent upon us, as they have a mill of
their own. I am sure that lumber deal
ers will not refuse them material just be
cause they placed a bid of $11 50 before
the Harbor Commissioners. We are all
in the business to sell, and if they want
it they can buy at the current prices.
"It is true that Mr. O'Brien of our com
pany made a motion at the Retail Lum
ber Dealers' Association meeting that the
retail dealers should stand together and
keep the price of lumber at $14 50. Many
signed an agreemnt to that effect, but
the E. K. Wood Company refused. Their
placing a bid before the Commissioners
for $11 50 has had a bad effect on the
market. It being a public bia, dealers will
necessarily lower their prices to that fig
are. It has simply demoralized the mar
ket—broken it up, as it were. I do not
think our company will bid for the con
tract." '
As was stated yesterday, the plan will
be to compel the E. K. Wood Company
to pay the ruling price for lumber if they
need it, which would entail a loss on the
contract.
EXPEDITIOUS WOBZ.
Two Would-Be Burglars Arrested
and Held to Answer Within
a Few Hours.
Frank Smith and August Normant, fre
quenters of the Plaza, on Kearny street,
were arrested about 1 o'clock yesterday
morning on a charge of attempted bur
glary, were arraigned and examined in
Judge Joachimsen's court a few hours
later and held to answer before the Su
perior Court in $2000 bonds each.
Policeman Edwards saw the two men
acting in a suspicious manner at the
grocery of Andrew Anderson, corner of
Leavenworth and Jackson streets, and
ctood in a doorway to watch develop
ments. When he saw them trying to
force open one of the windows with a
"Jimmy" he concluded it was time to act
anti he grabbed hold of Normant. Smith
ran and Edwards blew his whistle, which
was answered by Policeman Wiliiams,
who gave chase and soon overtook Smith.
When Edwards caught hold of Normant
he pulled a revolver out of his pocket,
but Edwards wrenched it from him be
fore he had time to use it. Normant
hud, also, possession of the "jimmy" and
a bunch of keys. Besides the charge of
attempted burglary charges of carrying
a concealed weapon and having burglar
tools in his possession were booked
against him. He was convicted on theso
charges, but sentence was deferred pend
ing the result of the felony charge in the
Superior Court.
MUNICIPAL EXPENSES.
Estimates Submitted by the Sheriff
and County Clerk.
The estimate of the County Clerk for
the probable expenses of his office for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1899, has been
submitted to the Board of Supervisors
and the Auditor. . The County Clerk asks
for $138,000; of this $6000 is for printing
and stationery and $6000 is for the print
ing of transcripts in criminal cases;, the
remaining $126,000 is for salaries.' In his
estimate the County Clerk states that
there is due on taxes $530,000 and there
h;us already been collected $200,000. The
income for the office for the coming year
is estimated to be $80,000.
Last year Mr. Curry was allowed $85,0*1.
The Sheriff has submitted the following
estimate of what he will need: Salaries
of office and of Jail No. 1, $80,960; ex
penses and subsistence of prisoners in
office and of Jail No. 1, $38,725; salaries
and expenses of Jail No. 2, $4o,700; sal
aries and expenses of Jail No. 3, $7610;
total, $172,995. This is not as much as was
asked last year by two or three thousand
dollars. . ■
■ » ■
SECOND MEETING
OF CRICKET CLUBS.
Last Sunday the second match of the
season between the Alameda and Pacific
cricket clubs began at Alameda on the
Webster-street grounds. The Pacifies
went in first and put together 168 runs, to
which score the principal contributors
wen A. Dickinson 41, J. J. Theobald 31, F.
Sowell 19, H. C. Cassidy 16, and J. H. Har
bour 11. No fewer than seven of the Ala
meda team were tried as bowlers, and of
these F. C. Driftteld took 3 wickets for 25
runs, A. Price 2 for 23, J. J. R. Peel 2 for
33 and F. Croll 2 for 34. At the call of
time the Alameda team had scored 71 for
three wickets, F. Croll being not out 26,
and G. Croll not out 14. R. B. Hogue 9
and J. H. Spiro 15 were both caught off
Stiwell's and H. Bird, 3, was
bowled by Wallace.
The match will be continued to-morrow,
and, if the remaining wickets of the Ala
medas prove slow to fall, may end in be
ing drawn, as a two-day match which is
nDt played out is not decided by the score
in the "first inning. Should the match
bo. unfinished it is to be hoped that both
captains will agree to play it out on the
19tn, which is an open date, no matter in
whose favor the game may be when
stumps are drawn at 5:30 to-morrow aft
ernoon.
SMASHERS OF THE
IRISH HANDBALL.
Games arranged by Colonel "Jack'
Riordan— of the royal Irish constab
ulary— which will be contested to-morrow
at Phil Ryan's court on Howard street
are as 'follows: .V :
B. Clements and W. Hassell vs. E,
Antron and T. Clements. • : c - :
J. Dowling and E. Curley vs. M. Me
Lnughlln and P. Hutchinson.
P. Ryan and M. Basch vs. E. Barry an*
R Housman.
I. Klrby and D. Regan vs. T. Fole:
and M. Ivirby.
J. Collins and ,E. Tay vs. R. Murph:
and J. White. : .
J. Riordan and G. Hutchinson vs. M. J
Kllgallon and A. Pennoyer.
J. C. Nealon and R. Linehan vs. T. F
Bonnet and A. Hampton. . , ," ; - ;•.-;
_■» ■ ■
Town Talk
Tills week sends out its fourth special
for the season, a yachting number, with
this splendid table of contents: Portraits
of Dr. T. L. Hill, Dr. A. W. McKenzie.
"The Spirit of '98," and numerous
launches and yachts; editorials on the
war and other timely topics; Phil Gar
lic's clever "Aftermath": Saunterer para
graphs anent politics, the boys in blue,
society and club happenings; poems by
Ella M. Sexton and others; a storiette
about an Ingenue and a Soubrette's Slip-
Eer; musical and dramatic criticisms and
ook reviews. •
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
- --- AND
PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Importers,
- Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
-—CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION-"*
In Corresponding' With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "The- CalL" ■
...■■••.: V - ■ -■-. ■ ■• .' ■ . ■ .. ' . •■ ■
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. ■:. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
TEE P. ROSSI CO., Importers of High-Class Fur-
J- niture, French Cabinets, Marble Statuary, Etc., 117 !
, Sntter street. ■. ■ .
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MPV7A CPDIVfi Proprietor. Send for meas- !
JTICniU JlKinUure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion, 9 Geary St., S. F. '
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
CTVFF CmiMTII CD Bank. Office and Saloon
rlniiaOtniilULcn, Fittings, 1309 Market
st. "- Telephone South 267. ..
. AUCTIONEERS. ' .
Live Stock ril lip £ C(i n Montgomery St.,
Auctioneers. MLLll: ft Vv* San Francisco.
:■"'.. .'.:../. • BELTING. . .
LP HFfiFV ' Manufacturer of Belting and
L. F. IIEUErI, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. \ Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50, $05 and $75. Crescents, in Men's
and Ladle*' 135. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkin street.
BOILER MAKERS.
¥1 f» W. J. Brady's Patent
if fa DETACHABLE
£*$■ iFiL: MUD DRUM
tt3SsßiEs[v*=&JV for Steam Boilers,
"^fei3fl^y Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
! Offioe and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. *. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
* Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
. BOOKBINDERS.
JD MnTNWBI? Bookbinder and Printer,
I'Jji'JlLbliullUji 422 Commercial street.
CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUGH, GOLCHER & CO.
538 Market Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
t t COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox,' Supt. j H. Blyth, Mgrr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS, WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
MrsJ.H.OBER & CO, 3, E rr P y 0 . I t 3E Te7 A E I , S d T ilbi I
COSTUMERS.
GOLDSTEIN & CO., costumers; wigs; Play-
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main 1615.
DENTIST.
DR- C W- RICHARDS) BE. corner ..Kearny.
DRAY AGE. .
McNAB & SMITH,. . ,■
. Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse. '
Stands— Davis St. and Corner Fifth
j and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE). >:\
& CO., s s o c n co s n t s da ?e d A e a ?n n i
FIRE INSURANCE. . V
EDWARD BROWN & < SON,
407-409 Montgomery st. '■•'
Capital Represented ..'....over- $14,000,000 j
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., AGENTS,
609 MARKET STREET,
"Beg to announce that in , consequence of their having chartered the steamer
MORGAN CITY
■•■:.;. to the Government they have decided to substitute the
Favorite, Speedy and V T TTTI/TT^ A T T^HPI
gg y *rr H U MJBuLDT
in her place in the Alaskan trade. The HUMBOLDT has been the favorite steam-
ship running between this port and Dyea and Skaguay this season, having mads
the quickest run without accident or detention.
THE HUMBOLDT
Will be dispatched from CLAY STREET WHARF at 3 o'clock on
TTJESID .A."ZV CTTJ-lETE 14,
and will connect at St. Michael with the GAMECOCK and STAGHOUND and other
river boats. The GAMECOCK and STAGHOUND are the most beautifully ap-
pointed river steamers in the trade. ' : . ;
Passengers holding tickets on the Steamer MORGAN CITY are requested to
call at our Market Street Passenger Office and exchange them for tickets on the
HUMBOLDT. ~ ;
For freight and passage apply to the
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
609 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO; 112 YESLER WAY, SEATTLE.
. - . ' • — — — — ; - ... ; ■ ~ .:
The boss of the repair department in a Massachusetts -
watch factory says : "I used to be a good deal of an ath-
; lete and was in the habit of taking lots of out of door
; : exercise, but since I've been shut up in this shop I began -
to have terrible bilious headaches. I still did enjoy an
occasional bout at boxing, but after a few lively rounds a
j tendency to get as sick as can be seemed to take posses-
sion of me. The exercise appeared to stir up the bile and ;
: . the next day" I would have a cracking. good headache, My
druggist recommended me" to "try Ripans Tabules as a I
possible cure. He said they seemed to be the latest cure-
all for stomach troubles. Well, he just hit it. I have not : :
used more than 25 cents' worth, but I exercise now as*
1 much as I please and don't know what a bilious headache^
means any more."
■ ' . . ' I WT-rr 1 - r>'lrit n-iTiiiniriffTmrrrriTrrT r*~ > paper fr —*"-~-T if — "■'—■ r*ii ati*— «
■ . 4raa now ron rtru obits. ■ fttto Vew^niotA «ort la Intended for the poor jnrt th« eooaomk)*! ">i - frnm '■■ ■ ■
.'-. •tt^ttr»4rat«Mt<»naO»taMas>««ap«)Mdb7maUliT«aodtn« tat^f-eigbt mm In too f ' iwniaim
t-utnsx. ho. jo ckiw »uast*Sm %*&-* • «n«i» oartoo (m itfuuiqhtfU!»mtl«rfei»«M» r
 FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO. ; only makers
on the coast. 219 Front St.; tel. Front 38.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA? PfiVPC £ C(\' Shipping Butcher*. 108
JA3- DUILO a I>U., Clay Tel. Main 1194.
FLOUR.
NITIftVII Flour Mills. J. Martenstein * Co.
IIAHUIIAL s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts. ;
HARDWARE.
i PALACE Hardware Co. , porters & Dealers
*in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkin st., S. F.
Wholesale . and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St..
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons in bottles
and cases. L. Q. Sresovlch Co., 621 Sansome st.
V MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THP REDVHIDn Mattress Co., 642 Mission
lllC DCKrinAiVll st. Telephone Main 1674.
PAPER DEALERS.
WIN AMCTTP PULP AND PAPER CO..
j ILLfIm L I It 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock. ■
I PIANO and mUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
VMikV Agency. Reloading, developing and
AUVAA printing. T. P.Andrews, 109 Mont. St.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
■ SEWING MACHINES.
"nnMCCTIP" Pre-eminently the m«chin» for
UUIYILOIIU family use. 102! Market street,
near Sixth. f,-, '-.■':
SOAP.
GD I ITrV * ffl 123 California street.
• Jf, LULI VI VUi, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel cc o d r a B Phlc PARTRIDGE, Cm a X
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, SffiS.VSfct st
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms TH 1 C Rl ICC Claus Spreckels
407. 408, 409, 410 vIIA J DLI 33' Bldg.. 4th Floor.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
j House, 608 Clay st. :
TYPEWRITERS.
|H^ ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
s&J_jjL|F\ Few partly used for sale cheap.
tfrftftTwiK Send for samples and prices.
**illsS=» L. k M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done In
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear Bt.; tel. Main 295. '
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding ; : Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. I Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON, 733 Market St.
Wholesale • and retail Special 15-year-old
| Hermitage. Near Claus Spreckels building.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY.
- .^ , .
Another decline in Silver.
Grain markets all neglected.
Hay and Feedstuffs uncharged.
Beans firm, but dull.
Rice unchanged. _' *.
Potatoes and Onion weak.
Butter weak. Eggs steady.
More Eastern Poultry in.
Peaches and Apricots in good supply.
Cherries still glut the market.
Dried Fruits nominal.
Provisions unchanged. '-•, -
Quotations established for Spring Wool.
Hides very strong.
Another advance In Hogs.
Fifteen failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstre«t Mercantile Agency reports 15
failures In the Pacific Coast States and Ter
ritories for the week ending yesterday as com
pared with 10 for the previous week and 20 for
the corresponding week of 1597. The failure*
for the past week an? divided among the trades
a.i follows: 1 wholesale and retail millinery,
1 printer, ! groceries and liquors, 1 machine
Bhop. 1 grinding mill, 1 boiler Incrustation
preventive company, 1 general store, 1 blp.ck-
Bmlth, 2 liquors, 1 carpenter, 1 painter, 1 bicy
cles, 1 tailor.
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ure* at station indicate minimum temperature
• days; those underneath It, if any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in Inches
and hundredth!) during the last twelve hours.
1 bars, or > lid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
rrature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
v ather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and !■ usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is hiph In the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
anJ couth along the coast, rain ie probable;
but -when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
?robable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather nwy be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th MsrMlan-~"aclnc Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, June 10, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-,j a y frum Weather Bureau stations
■rnla:
Eureka. M; Fresno. 90; Los Angeles. 68; Red
Bluff, S6; Independence. S4: San Diego, 64; Sac
ramento, 72; Syn Luis Obispo. 72; Yuma. 92.
San Francisco temperature— Maximum, 56;
minimum, f>2; mean. 54.
WBATHEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure continues very low over the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Dur
ing the past twenty-four hours there has been
a furthfr fall over Idatio, Washington and
Eastern Oregon, and a slight rise along the
c./as-t of California.
The temperature has fallen over Northern
California and S>iuh<?rn Oregon. The tempera
tures from Hnrrnmento to San Francisco are
from 8 to 9 decrees below the normal.
Cloudy and foggy weather prevails generally
over the coast Thunder etorms are reported
ut Roseburg, Wtnnornucca and Idaho Falls.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Sacramento. 26 miles per hour from
the sonthwpst; Carson, 2t>, southwest; El Paso,
28, northeast Heary rain is reported at Helena.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours on. ling midnight, June 11, 1«98:
N rthern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday, with showers; fresh south
westerly wind.
Boathern California— Cloudy Saturday, with
showers in the mountains; fresh southwesterly
wind.
Nevada— Ooiidy Saturday, with shower*,
probably thunder Btorm in northern portion;
cooler north.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday, with showers; cooler
north.
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday,
■with showers In the forenoon; fresh southwest
erly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west, 12 miles per hour;
temperature, 54; maximum. 56.
ALEXANDER McADPE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
- ... ,
NEW YORK. June 10.— There was a brief I
struggle in the first hour of to-day's stock mar
ket to extend the reaction which has been In
progress during the week, when the prices sud- j
denly and vigorously took an upward turn, and ■
It was a runaway bull campaign for the rest of
the day. There was an enormous absorption of ]
stocks ascending the scale of prices, especially j
In Sugar, Brooklyn Transit, the grangers and a I
few of the leading specialties. The picking up '
of Inactive and dormant stocks, however, dis- i
tinguished the trading (fulte as much as the
aggressive strencth In the great speculative
leaders. The advance was made In the face
of several Incidents, any one of which would I
have been seized upon to raid down the whole
Hat In the reactionary spirit of the early part
of the week, but they were without the slightest
• Influence in restraining the heavy buying of i
stocks. One of these Incidents was the mark-
Ing down of prices for Americans In London on
the score of the chronic British apprehension
that the currency and finance of the United
States were being unsettled and ruined by the
nation's supreme legislative body. London sold
stocks early on this ground, but at the ex
treme decline bought a little bit of Louisville
and Southern Railway preferred. These two
stocks suffered depreciation from the fear that
the establishment of quarantines against yellow
fever In the South would Interrupt traffic and
cut down their earnings. Reports from the
growing crops awakened an urgent demand for
the grangers. In which Burlington led with a
net gain of 2%. Atchlfon preferred Is up 1% on
the day. The market closed very active and
strong near the top.
Bonds merely held their own in the early
dealings, but prices rose and the volume of
business Increased later in the day. Total
sales, $S. 825. GOO.
United States old 4s registered on call de
clined V in the bid price, but later bid up X
per cent.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 621,500
shares. Including* Atchison, 5404; Atchlson
preferred, 30.9&0: Chesapeake and Ohio, 4.,.,0;
Burlington. 67,671; Louisville and- .Nashville,
25.110: Manhattan, 3975; Reading preferred, 3223;
Missouri Pacific, 7& «>; New York Central. 3050-
Northern Pacific. 4420; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 10,960; Rock Island, 16,451; St. Paul '
32,!>G0; Southern Railway .preferred. 9900; Union
Pacific preferred. 23.952: American Spirits. SSSS;
American Tobacco, 61,150; Chicago Great West
ern. 2250; People's Gas, 31,450: Consolidated Gas,
3150; .General Electric, C 310; Sugar, 100.925;
Tennessee Coal and Iron, 4110; Leather pre
ferred, 4420.
: CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehlson .13% Do prefd ........149
Do prefd .34% St P M & M 142
Bal & Ohio ........ 19% So Pacific 17
Can Pac .85 So Railway ........ 8%
Can Southern 52% Do.prefd ........ 31
Cent Pacific ...... 14 Texas & Pacific .. 11%
Chen & 0hi0....... 23 Union Pac prefd . fUH
Chi & Alton 158- (I- P D & G. ....... 9%
Chi B & Q ......107% Wabash 7%
Chi & E 111 64 Do prefd ........ 19%
C S S & St L...... Wheel & L E..... I <,
Do prefd... 86^i I • Do prefd ....10%
Del & Hudson ....110 | Express Companies —
Del L& W ...134 Adams Ex ... MOO
Del & Rio 0...... Amer Ex 125
Do prefd f.H4j United States...... 40
Erie (new) 13% Wells-Fargo ......118
Do Ist : prefd ... 37 Miscellaneous— ..*.'•■■
Fort Wayne 168 A Cot Gi1 ......... 20J4
Ot Nor prefd ....ITTH Do prefd. ;......, 74 L j
Hocking Val 6% Amer Spirits 15
Illinois Cent 105 Do prefd ... 3SV!
Luke Erie &. W 16% Amer Tobacco 113%
"Do prefd .... 78 Do prefd ........118
Lake Shore ........ 159% People's Gas 103%
i.'.uib <& Nash 54% Cons Gas 204 1
-Manhattan L .... .10516 Com Cable Co ....160
Met St Ry 160% Col F & Iron 21%
Mich Cent ... .103' Do prefd . •... 90
.Minn & St L 29 Gen Electric 39%
Do Ist prefd .... SO% Illinois Steel ...... 67
Mo Pacific 36% Laclede Gas 50%
Mobile & Ohio .... 27 Lead ..'33%
Mo X & T. 11% Do prefd' 106
Do preM 34% Nat Lin Oil 19
Chi, Ind & L...... 9% Or Imp Co ........ 30
Do prefd 30 .Pacific Mail 29%
N J Central 96% | Pullman Pal 187%
N V Central 116% Silver Certificates. 57%
N V, Chi & St L. 13% Stan R & T 6%
Do Ist prefd .... 65 Sugar 141
Do 2d prefd .... 34 Do prefd 114%
Nor West 15% T C & Iron ...... 25%
No Amer Co 6% U S Leather 7%
No Pacific 29% Do prefd ........ 66%
Do prefd 69% D S Rubber .:.... 20
Ontario & W 15"4 Do prefd 78
Or H & Nay 52 West Union 92%
Or Short Line .... 30 Chi & N W 126%
Plttsburg 160 Do' prefd 170
Reading 20% St L & S W 5%
BocK • Island 107% I Do prefd' 11V*
St L & S F • 7\;R G W :...•...■..:.: 25%
Do Ist prefd .... R4Vi Do prefd ........ 66%
Do M prefd .... 30*!, Chi o W 14%
St Paul ... '..•..;. ...101% Haw Com C0t.... 22%
Do prefd 149 (Reading Ist prefd. 4S
St P & Om 77% P Com 24%
CLOSING BONDS.
D S new 4s reg..122% Nor Carolina 8i....127%
Do coup 122% Do 4B 102
U 6 4s 10S% No Pao lsts 116
Do coup 111% Do 3s 62%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 97
U S 6s reg 111% N V C A S L 45. .106%
Do 5s coup 111% Nor & W 6s 120
District 3 66s 114 Northwestrn c0n5. 142
Ala class A 110 Do deb as 116
Do B 100 Or Nay let 3 115
Do C 90 lOr Nay 4s 96
Do currency 90 lOr S Line 6s, tr.126%
Atchlson 4s 93 lOr S Line sa, tr..106
Do aAI 4s 66% Or Imp lsts. tr...H4
Can So 2ds 10S\i | Do ss. t r... 60%
Chi Term 4s 86 IPac 6s of '95 100%
C & Ohio 5s 114%iReadlng 4i 85%
C. H * D 4%5pfd.104% R G W lsts 58
D & R O lsts 106 IS L & I M Conss. 94%
D & R G 4s 94%|S L & S F Genfls.ll9
East Term lsts ...Vtt% Sa P Con 143
Erie Gen 4s 74% S P C & P 15t5... 120%
F W & Dlsts.tr.. 72 Do 6s 116%
Gen Elec 5s M 3So Ry 5s 95%
Q H & S A 65. ...K>5 Stan R & T 65....65%
Do 2ds 105 Term new set 35.. 91
H & TC 6a 11l Tex Pao L G l»ts.lu"%
Do con 6s 104 Do reg 2ds ...... 37
lowa C lsts I'Wt: V P D & G lsts.. 61%
La new cons 45.. .100 Wab Ist 5s 108%
LAN Uni 45.... 90% Do 2.1b 84%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s ins%
M X & T 2ds 63^ Va (>ntur!»9 71
I>,i 4s *~;\ Do deferred 5
N V Cent lsts 118 V U P prefd 61%
N J Cent 5s lU% O P 4s 96%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 05' Ontario 2 75
Crown Pntnt M Ophir 25
Con Cal *• Va 40 Plymouth lo
Demiwood 60 Quicksilver I* l
Oould & Curry 10 !>•> praftf 200
Hale A Xorcross. . 15 ' Sierra Nevada .... FO
H.'mestake 40 00 Standard 160
Iron Silver 57 Union Con 07
Mfxlcan 10 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON. June 10.— An-hlson, 14; Bell Tele
phone. 273; Chicago, Burlington and Quincy,
107; Mexican Central, 6;.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. June 10.— Rradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will fay.
More or loss Irregularity has been shown In
the movement of the market this week. War
and war news has been less of a factor, but
while the tone of the speculation has been gen
erally strong, there ha? been evidence of realiz
ing in groups of stocks which led the recent
advance, while fresh interests have come Into
l>r.imineticc and displayed strength. The bond
market's activity has reflected the renewed
prat Pee of investors. Governments hay-? 'In
clined a little in consequence of the passage of
the war revenue bill by the Senate with a bond
clause, and the certainty thus created that the
Government would soon bring out a new Issue.
On the other hand, the railroad bond list has
been advancing, the scarcity of the higher
prices for gilt edp° securities creating a de
mand for tn>' second and even third grade of
ratlroad mortgages. London has both bought
and sold American stocks, though there still
appears to be a lack of public Interest in our
securities abroad, and the advances In the Lon
don quotations for them for several days are
ascribed to purchasing orders from this side.
While the market here has been active, there
has been a falling off in the amount of public
participation, and the efforts of manipulators
have been apparent in some of the more not
able movements, particularly the decline of
sugar and the advance of various specialties.
The sentiment of the street continues bullish.
The ease of money Is a supporting factor, and
while the delays In the progress of the wax and
the conflicting news or absence of any news
whatever from the scene of hostilities has been
calculated to hold back speculation, the under
lying feeling Is one of confidence In the result
and !n the strongly bullish effect of further suc
cess to our arms.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 10.— The Evening Posfs
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets were quiet and dull to-day, the specu-
I latlve markets being depressed by the sharp
, setback in Grand Trunk on unfavorable traffic
statements. Americans suffered with Grand
, Trunk. Foreign stocks were Irregular, with a
| fall In Brazilians. I believe that today's with
drawal of Japanese coin from the Bank of Eng
1 land nearly exhausted the bank's BUpply of that
i coin and I do not think Japan will take much
■ bar gold from the bank.
CLOSING.
I Canadian Pacific, 8* ; Grand Trunk, 8%. Bar
i sliver quiet at 26% d per ounce. Money, %@1
j-er cent.
MADRID, June 10.— Spanish 4s closed at 60.10.
i Guld was quoted at 86.00.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 10.— FLOUR— Receipts.
2<\ooo barrels; exports, 7COO barrels. Market
steady and unchanged.
WHEAT— Receipts. 401.450 bushels; . exports,
431,500 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, $1 10 f. o.
b. afloat, export grade. Options opened firmer
on cables, wet weather knd the advance In
corn. Except for an after reaction under a
prospective bearish Government report the
market was well held all day and closed Wit
lHc net higher. Light receipts and cash wheat
scarcity were also Important factors. July,
94V<?9- r >V. closed 95* c.
HOPS— Steady.
W< "" >L— Steady.
PETROLEUM—
METALS— There was quite a sharp reaction
In tin to-day, but a steady Improvement was
noted In spelter. In other departments there
continues to show stagnation to & greater or
less extent. At the close to-day the Metal
Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull, with 6.60 c bid and
6.75 c asked.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, with 11.90 c bid and
12.10 c asked.
TlN— Easier, with 16c bid and 15.10 c asked
SPELTER— Stronger, with 4.60 c bid and 4 650
asked.
LEAD— DuII, with 3.70 c bid and 3.77% c asked
The firm fixing the settling price for Western
miners -and smelters quotes lead at 8 60c
COFFEE — Options closed dull, net un
changed. Sales. 1750 bags, Including: June
$5 70. Spot coffee— Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice
6%c;-No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, dull; Cordova,
S"*l*B 15-160.
SUGAR— firm; fair refining, 3%c- cen
trifugal, 96 test, 4 5-16 c. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3385 packages. Firm-
Western creamery. 13%@16V4c; ' Elgin*. 18%c
factory, 10V4<gl2H:c.
Receipts. 6300 packages. Quiet- West
ern, 11%@12c; Southern, !o%@llc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW ; YORK, June 10.— California Fruits: i
Dried Apples steady,' others quiet
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. • 6®Bc;
prime wire tray, 5 9®9Hc; wood-dried. I prime,
9>*c; choice, 9V4; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI. MoorparV KV»i2 C .
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c; peeled, 12@l«o. "
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 10.— crop damage reports
continued to be the chief bull Item In Wheat
at the start. There seemed to be a growing
apprehension that the harvest would be seri
ously delayed and that the grain would suffer
serious injury- Wheat in the southern half of
Kansas was said to be about ready for the
harvest, while " the '. fields were said to be
flooded. Numerous other telegrams from differ
ent parts of the country sent equally bad re
ports, . but Interspersed with the heralds ' of
calamity. were a few others of a more reassur-
Ing character, suggesting the possibility of
alleged disaster being more imagination ■ than
the actual facts. There was a disposition to
watt for the Government report,-, and this
acted as a check to speculation. The clearing
up of the weather In Chicago caused a tempor
ary change In speculative. sentiment. The sun
In about two hours after the opening of the
session was beaming in at the windows of the
Board of Trade and melted- all the bull feel
ing out of the crowd in the Wheat pit. From
being very strong, the market became weak
and the early gain was more than lost. Gen
eral buying by shorts gave the market a fresh
Impetus near the close. July left •; off with a
gafn of He and September %<G%c higher
I The trade in the Corn pit was the most active
on the floor. ..The country came forth In vigor
ous terms In numerous telegrams to 1 describe
the horrible effect of. too much rain No sooner
had the session started' than a buying • frenzy
seized the pit. Shorts made a general rush to
cover and liberal buying orders were filled for
the country account. July closed %@lc up *
Crop reports were very unfavorable for Oats
the general | complaint being heavy rains have
beaten down ; the grain beyond recovery July
closed :%c: %c higher. . -. .;_ A-v -„ ; . ,f,' .^ y
A J decided slump .In Provisions contrasted
strongly - with the general strength In grains
L The decline was ascribed. |o rep.orta o{ yeliow
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALt, SATURDAY, JUKE 11, 1898.
! fever in Mississippi. Commission houses started
i sellers at the opening and prices continued to
i | sag gradually, and had only a small recovery
at • the close from bottom prices. July pork
I closed 50c lower, lard 15c lower and ribs 22V4c
lower. ■ • ■ ■ ■■■■•■'■"'■'■'. ' '
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— ■ „ 'It,;
June .............. 103 103 , 100 1 Wtt
i July 88 89 87 88*
; September ;... 75V4 ' 76H 744 'V&
j December 74% 75 75% 74%
I J Corn, No. 3—3 — 82*' 33* 82% „
June 82% 33*4 82% IS
July 83 . 3314 .32% 33V4
' September 33% 34% 33% ,34%
Oats, No. 2— „„,
July 24% m ■**%&
September 22% 23 21% . 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl— . „ •
July .....10 35 10 40 10 IS .10 80
September 10 GO 10 65 10 80 10 40
Lard, per 100 lbs— .
; July 6 95 00 5 90 6 90
! September «06 615 600 8 02Vi ]
. Short Ribs, per 100 lb«—
; ! July '„..... 6 68H 6 62H 5 63V4 556
j September 570 . 8 73% ,5 60 566
! Cash quotations were as follows: Piour. dull !
ana easy; No. 2 spring wheat. »6<gS7c; No. 8
I spring wheat. 80c®'$l: No. 2 red. $1 03; No. 2
' corn. 33Hc; No. 2 oats, 26c; No. 2 white, 29c;
I No. 3 white, 28c; No. 2 rye, 43% c; No. 2 barley, j
34@36c; No. 1 fiiucneed. ?1 17; prime timothy
seed. $2 70@2 75; mess pork, per bbl. $10 2(V<J
! 10 25; lard, per 100 lbs. »5 92V4#5 90; short ribs
sides (loose), $5 45^5 75; dry saJted shoulders '
. (boxed), $s<g's 26; short clear sides (boxed), $6© '
; 6 15. •■■
| Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
! Flour, bbls 6.200- 7.800
, Wheat, buih 85,800 10.000
1 Corn, bush 629.500 866,100
! Oats, bush 376.300 ■ 256.700
! Rye. bush 6.300
I Barley, bush .....6.700 1,600
i On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
! market was firm; creameries, 13®15}jc; dairies,
ll@l3c. Eggs steady; fresh, »%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
'■:: . .:. . Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 64,610 26,600
j Duluth 40.483 1.297
i Milwaukee 6.850
j Chicago 35.800 ' 10.024
Toledo' 8.608 25,200
1 Bt. Louis .....9,000 5,000
Kansas City 1.994 2.527
Detroit 8,000 ' 40.500
Totals 153.245 110.048
Tidewater —
I Boston : 1,667 35,671
I New York 401.459 431.
i Philadelphia 5.238 998 I
j Baltimore 26.614
New Orleans 13.000
Totals ......'.
PARIS FUTURES.
' Wheat— June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 63 10 50 60
Closing 63 45 60 95
Flour— . .
I Opening 2S 60 22 90
Closing 28 70 ' 22 95
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
' June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 8 10 6 7 1 6 3%
Closing 9 1% 6 7% 6 3%
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKETS.
CHICAGO, June 10.— CATTLE— There was a
1 light supply of cattle to-day and prices ruled
I strong. Choice steers, $4 90@'5 50; medium, $4 50
94 65; common, $4 10®4 25; stockers and feed
ers, $404 ST.; cows and heifers. $3 40<g>4 80; can
ners. $2 50@3 35; calves, $4 60@6 60.
HOGS— active and about 5c higher. Fair
to choice. $4 1291 27; packers. $3 95*94 10; butch
ers. 1494 20; mixed, $3 95 'g 4 16; lights. ?3 80®
I 4 15; pigs, $2 80©4.
SHKKP— The supply of sheep showed a
; marked increase, but the demand was good and
the offerings were well taken. Native sheep,
!$3 258-3 12; heavy sheep, $4 15@4 75: Spring
: lambs, $6@6 50; clipped lambs, $4 &o'<{6 15;
I wooled lambs, $6 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 2600; Hogs, 21,000; Sheep,
11,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. June 10.— CATTLE— Receipts.
I 3500; market strong and active. Native steers.
$3 75<g4 90; do cows and heifers. $2 60©4 75; stock
( ere and feeders. $3 95©5 55; bulls. $3 Gs@4 76.
HOGS— Receipts. 13,000. Market opened steady
■ to 5c higher, closed weak; bulk of sales, $3 So©
j 4 05; heavies, $4@4 15; packers, $3 SSS4 05; mixed.
$3 8004 05; lights, $3 60@3 95; pigs, $3 25@3 90.
SHEEP — Receipts, . 1000. Market strong.
j Lambs, $4 60§'tj 50; muttons, $3 25<jj4 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, June CATTLE— Receipts. 2200;
1 market steady to 5c higher. Native steers. $■»<£
j 4 85; Western steers. $3 90Q4 40; cows and heif
ers. $3 CO'jj 4 30; canners, $2 50^3 SO; stockers and !
I feeders. U<& 6 20; calves, $4 60@7; bulls and I
■ stags, $3 1004.
HOGS— Receipts, 5300; market 6c higher.
: Heavy. $3 95<g'4 05; mixed. $3 95<g4 05; light, $3 80 i
'@3 95 ; bulk of sales, $3 951&>4. ■
SHEEP— Receipts, ■ 100; market strong. Fair [
i to choice natives, $3 7!/ff4 50; do Westerns. $3 70
; @4 40; lambs. $12G&6. ■
• DENVER. ■ , • ."-
DENVER, June 10.— Receipts, 3900;
I market strong. Beef steers, $3 60@4 65; cows,
I $3©4; feeders, freight paid to river, $4(g>4 70;
1 stockers. freight paid, $4 10@4 90; bulls, stags,
etc., $2 505*3 VI.
HOGS— Receipts, 300; market steady. Light i
! packers, $3 i*s@4; mixed, $3 90®3 95; heavy, $3 85
; m 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
CROP CONDITIONS.
! WASHINGTON, June 10.— Preliminary re
! turns of the . spring wheat acreage, with the
j two Dakotas in particular subject to revisfon,
i Indicate a total area seeded of 16,800*000 acres, I
j which added to the area In winter wheat, 26,- j
I 200,000 acres, makes a total wheat - acreage of [
I 43,000,0(0, or rather over 3,500,000 acres greater
I than last year. There Is an increase of 86 per
cent In Minnesota, 22 in lowa, 10 In Nebraska,
11 in North . Dakota, 8 in South Dakota, 13 in j
Oregon and 20 in Washington. . . . .
The average condition of winter wheat is 90.8, j
as compared with 78.5 at the corresponding j
date last year and 81.6. the corresponding aver
age for the last ten years. The principal aver
ages are as follows:
1 New York, 98; : Pennsylvania, 96; Maryland, !
! 98; Tennessee, 93; Kentucky, 99; Ohio, 87; I
Michigan, -97; Indiana, 95; Missouri, 96; Kan- I
I sas, 104; California, 33. '
The average condition of spring .wheat . Is |
I the almost If not entirely unprecedented one
j of 100.9, us compared with 89.6 in June, • 1897,
and 92.6, the average for the past ten years.
Nearly all the States of principal production
reach a condition exceeding that indicative of
; a full normal crop. North Dakota reporting
104. South Dakota 103. Nebraska 105, lowa 102,
Minnesota 100, Oregon 101 and Washington 97.
The total reported acreage In oats is 1.6 per
cent less than last year.
• The condition of oats Is 98, as compared with
93.3 on June 1. 1897, and 99.5,. the average for
the corresponding date for the past ten years.
- The acreage reported as under barley Is 6.3
i per cent less than last year. The condition
! of barley is 78.8, as compared with 87.4 In
j June, 1597. and 89.9, the average at the cor
responding date for the last ten years.
• . ■
THE WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. June 10.— The Boston Commercial
Bulletin will say to-morrow of the wool mar
ket:
The market was more quiet this week than
i last. This Is accounted for by the slackening
up In the demand for wools to be used in Gov
ernment clothing. The demand from the regu
lar sources has not Increased nor diminished
The establishment of a definite basis of value
has been of material advantage to the market.
Dealers have placed their wool on a rock bot
tom, level and are slowly building up from It,
There have been sales of fine medium territory
on a basis from 44c and 45c. I At prices being
paid in Utah and other sections in the West It
will cost from 46c to 47c to land the new wool
here, without considering profit or Interest
Offer* for fine medium territory at 40c and for
foreign combing at 62c and 63c have brought no
sales. The sales of the week are ,000 pounds
domestic and 313,000 ' pounds forelgns against
1,611.000 pounds domestic and 581,000 pounds for
eign last week and 1,651.400 • pounds domestic
and 7,133,000 pounds foreign for the same week
last year. < . ■•'■
FOREIGN MARKETS. . -
LONDON, June 10.— Consols, 111 7-16; silver,
16% ; French rent**, 103f 25c.
LIVERPOOL, June 10.— Cargoes off coast,
quiet and steady; cargoes on passage, quiet
and • steady; English country markets, easy
Liverpool wheat, spot, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16.
: CLOSE.
'WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
dull, 8s 6d;,No. 1 red Northern spring, dull. Be.
: CORN— Spot American : mixed, : new firm, 3s
3d: July, quiet, 3s 3d: September, quiet. 3s 4Vd.
WHEAT FUTURES-Clos«d ; steady; July"
j 9s IVid; " September. «a 7Vid; December, 6s $%&.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., June 10.— Wheat has at last
got down to an export basis j again • and a few
. sales are reported at > 72c for Walla Walla
and at 74@75c for valley and blue stem. Offer-
Ings are not large.  >.
WASHINGTON."
i TACOMA. Wash..' June 10.— Wheat— mar
i ket; quotations unchanged. .;■ r ; ... .
':, CASH IN THE TREASURY. .
WASHINGTON,' June . 10.— To day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $190,842,693; gold reserve
$166,847,392. . ■' '
Another decline ;In : Sliver. . - ■■■
' COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 10.— Cotton quiet and
steady; mid < l-16c. V . . <y..< : *.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. :
PORTLAND, Or.; June 10.— Exchanges, $456!
104; balances,. $109,959. ' • - .
BRADSTREET'S . Review \OF TRADE. .- .
J NEW YORK, June \ 10.— Brads treat's - to-mor
ro^ will »&};; gf ccoj^wivjiig rgaouapt ft aeft-J
sonable quieting down of the spring demand
for and movement of merchandise, come proofs
that the spring business of the year IS9B. with
a few notable exceptions, has largely mat ex
pectations. Particularly confirming this latter
view of the situation are the heavy total* of
bank clearings, large railway earnings, heavy
exports, a total of failures well down to the
normal and exceptional steadiness In prices,
following the notaMe advances registered some
time ago. Weak or lower prices for a number
of cereals during the last week. In the face of
a heavy export business, point to th« very Kood
crop prospects for Wheat and other grains, in
fluencing holders toward parting with their
stocks. Statistics of plgiron production point
to a slight reduction in output during the
month Just closed, due largely to shut down
for repairs, but the natur« of stocks to ac
cumulate gives proof that the Immense recent
production has been met by an equally large
consumptive demand. The leading feature of
the week in the iron trade has been the col
lapse of the so-called "gentlemen's agreement '
in the Southern iron industry, and prices are
lower as a consequence, but an advance In
Bessemer pig le taken to Indicate that the
makers are getting In better shape to control
the output than for some time past. The fea
tures or the Iron and steel trade are the numer
ous small orders, amounting to a fairly large
aggregate for Immediate delivery, and the
booking of a number of orders for finished
products for export, but new business on next
season's account does not come forward very
quickly.
Following the little spurt !n the demand for
raw wool, largely In army orders, has come
a perceptibly less active demand for this staple
at the East, and the unsatisfactory conditions
in the manufacturing trades are reflected In
talk of curtailment of production.
Features of the price situation this week are
the steadiness of nearly all clashes of groceries,
of raw cotton and prices of print cloths and of
hides, leather and lumber, while decreases are
reported in cereals, lard, pork, copper and
steel rails.
Cereal exports are slightly smaller than la«>t
week, but are still far above the total In i the
corresponding weeks of previous years, w heat
exports this week aggregate 4.7R0.952 bu;<hels^
against 5,248,000 bushels last week, I.DBfi,OOO
bushels in the week a year ago, 2.922.000 bush
els In 1896 and 1.781,000 bushels In 1895.
Corn exportß for the week are 4.774.804 bush
els, against 6.605.000 bushels last week. 2.393.000
bushels In this week a year ago, 1.636,000 bush
els In 1896 and 656,000 bushels In 1596.
Business failures In the Dominion of Canada
this week number W, against 21 last week. 38 in
this week a year ago. 38 In 1596 and 21 In 1895.
Business failures this week number 221. an In
creafe over last week of 43 but comparing with
a total In this week last year of 256, In 1596 of
234. in 1895 of 232 and in 1894 of 227.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADIS.
NEW YORK. June 10.-R. O. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
The certainty that the Spanish fleet Is Im
prisoned and powerless to do harm has helped
to make the tone of the markets more confi
dent. Every step of progress during the week
which has looked toward an early termination
of the struggle has been reflected In the mar
ket and in lower rates for money. All indus
tries have felt the uplifting influence. In
finances the growing anxiety to lend on even
long exchange at lower rates, in place of ship
ments of gold to this country, begins to ac
cumulate a standing credit In favor of the
United States. A stronger situation It would
be difficult to describe,. Men have been buying
and selling stocks with some blindness, though i
the course of events has all the time warranted
a higher market. Other countries have jet to
pay In some way an enormous balance to the
United States on merchandise transactions and
It will save speculators much trouble and loss
to keep the fact in mind.
Men talk as if wheat had gone down out of
sight, but the collapse of the May speculation
has only made it more evident that the out
side world requires nearly If not quite all the
wheat this country can spare. Last week At
lantic exports, flour included, were 4,:-06.923
bushels, against 1,634,602 last year, and Pacific
exports were 233,213. against 125,212 lost year,
and It Is close to the end of the season. Over
2Ki,000.00n bushels of wheat has already been
exported and almost 200.000.000 bushels of. corn.
4,134.800 bushels during the past week, against
1,787,035 last year, and the market Is Justified
In feeling that those who have gone so far be
yond all precedent In defying current reports
are entitled to pay for it.
. Iron and steel production has declined be
cause several establishments have stopped for
repairs. Yet the weekly output June 1, 225337 i
tons, against 234. 1CG May 1. with the unsold
stocks, which decreased 18,142 tons during the j
month. indicates a consumption weekly of 223,
876 tons, against 728.25S in April, so that the 1
ablest Iron Journals are in error In saying the !
apparent consumption does not keep pace with i
the production of 1,000,000 tons monthly. East- 1
crn markets are much more embarrassed than
before, while the Westerns are crowded beyond
all precedent. But prices are not changing In
either section.
The woolen manufacturers are buying no I
wool, and the sales at the three chief markets
during the past week were only 8,549,300 pounds
against 4,878,750 in 1892. But the demand for
goods proves somewhat better In many direc
tions than was expected, and the Government
requirements have compelled some manufac
turers to buy somewhat largely grades of. wool
which they have not expected to require. The
auction Sale of carpets, resulting In prices said
to average 50 per cent below the last quota
tions, doe*, not . encourage buying, and In carpet
wools the market Is decidedly tame.
Failures for the week have been 203 In
the Lnlted States against 262 last year and 17 I
In Canada against 30 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
* NEW YORK, June 10,-The following table
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-nine cities for the week ended
June 9. with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year: *
Percentage.
New York $798,541,344 |?J V J°-
Boston 102,815,730 13.5 •*
( ;ago 119.514.31)4 51.7 "."
Philadelphia 70,620 30 7
St- Louis 29,799,697 n!o '.'."
Plttsburg 16.668,912 12.0
Baltimore 1!t,941,&58 48. 6
San Francisco 14.703 11.9 ""
Cincinnati 13 237 SSO
Kansas City 10,709,230 "{'9
J»ew. Orleans 6.794. 18.0
Minneapolis 8.112.567 21.7
£ etro . 11 • 6.702.208 11.1 .;;;
Cleveland 6.970,775 18.7
Louisville 6 359 370 To
Providence 4.716.700 :::: 50
Milwaukee 5.000,337 23.3
n#» P ? ul 4.301. 33.6 .."
Buffalo 4.243.829 3.4
Omaha ", 6,462,792 41.4 ...'.
Indianapolis 6 512 CSC
Columbus, 0 4.061,200 12.1
Savannah 1.756,357 10.3
Denver .-■ 3.2J6.537 4.7 ;
Hartford 2,560.920 9.2
Richmond 2,668,168 29 7
Memphis 1.539.514 .....
Washington 2.324,775 '" ii
Peoria 1.572.203 'i'.O ....
Rochester 2.131.412 70.6
New Haven • 1 573 094
Worcester 1,424] 189 .... *a"9
Atlanta 1.516.722 28.2
l alt Lake City 1,543.551 17.3 ' ....
Springfield. Mass.. 1 32S 928
Fort Worth 1,878,260 . 'ill
Portland, r Me 1489 172 13.3 ""
Portland, Ore. 1.674.590 40.3 ' ■;*:'
St. Joseph 8.2*6.865 175.9 .'.'.'
Los Angeles 1.471.614 15.5 ' ....
Norfolk 880.658 17.2
Syracuse 1.2C9.160 30.1 ...]
Dfs Mones 1.625.735 68.3 " ....
■ Nashville •••U",— 1,288,557 .9.8
Wilmington, Del... 760,180 7 0
Fall River 689,960 .... is'i
Scranton ... 875.730. 12.3 ....
Grand Rapids 1,021732 34 1
Augusta, Ga 697 200 51 **""
Lowell 696,701 3o!8 '.'.".
Dayton, 0 781,986 22.7
Seattle 1,381.983" 123.1 .""
Tacoma 1.059.807 125.8 ....
Spokane 940.156 44.6
Sioux City . . 725,725 - 17.5 ....
New Bedford 791,875. 74.9 ....
Knoxville. Term.... 652 992 46 8
Top#*a 605.607 45.0 '.'.'.'.
Birmingham 437 307 217
Wichita .-. 465.152 6.1 '.'.'.'.
Binghamton 557.200 7.8
Lincoln ;. 403,769 22.4 ' '.'.'.'.
Lexington Ky 840.249 10.0 '.'.'.'.
Jacksonville, Fla.. 228.328 4 1
Kalamaioo 849.139 15.1 ....
Akron 840,640 18.4 '.'.'.'.
Bay City ...: 273.564 83.8
Chattanooga. 889,033 88.4
Rockford, 111 228.131 , .... 10 2
Canton, 0 '218.400 . 28.2 ....
Springfield. 0 231.057 . 27.8 ....
Fargo, N. D 257.754 54.3
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 95.798 86.2
Hastings, Neb 111.375 8.0 ....
Fremont, Neb...... 127,243 66.2
Davenport ■ 98 905 31.3
Toledo 1,739.863 9.0 .'.'.'.
Oalveston 4.. r '.i0.072 20.0
Houston 4.168.990 39.6 ..'.'.
Youngstown '281,745 .... ....
Maeon 373.737 .... ....
Evansvllle ' '755,224 ■ .... ..".
Helena £ 662.649 .... ..'.'.
Totals, U. 5..... .51,324,706,412 81.3 TTTv
Totals, outside
. New Y0rk...:... 526.225,069 13.4 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal. $14,883,184 -8.8 ....
Toronto ...".. •■ 9.631.522 15. 7 : :.-..
Winnipeg 1,112.608 .... 11.2
Halifax..... 1.246.688 6.9 ....
Hamilton.. 847,950 .; 26.2 ....
St. John, N. B ,'751,022 12.5 . ....
Totals $28,472,979 11.4
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, June 10.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction as follows:
Cherries— Black • Republican,' $1 600*1 85, aver
age, $1 ; 67; Black Tartarian, 85c; Purity, 80©
86c; Royal Anne, SOciJMl 26, average, $1 07. Ap
ricots—Royal, $1 65(gl 80. average. $1.74. Plums—
Clyman, $1-I6(ffi 50, average, $1 86. Peaches-
Alexander, $1 15©1 80. average. $1 47.
BOSTON, June 10.— Tlse Earl Fruit Company
sold California -fruit at : auction as r follows:
Cherries— Llewellyn, $1 . 80; > Royal Anne, 76c@
$1 35. average, 93c. I ;.- ;■ ..-■:-■■. -, ■ ,
CHICAGO, June 10.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California : fruit at 7 auction as follows:
Cherries— Black Republican, 80c. - :
' MINNEAPOLIS, June 10— The 1 ; Earl Fruit '
Company .' sold : California fruit 'at - auction as
follows: Cherries— Black - > Republican, :> $1 20.
Apricots— Royal, $1 -\ 80. \ Peaohes— Alexander,
I*i 30. Prune*- Tragedy. : It 76. Clyman,
. _K1 03. ■. —
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND' BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 8ight:........... — $4 85H
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5........ — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, 5ight........ — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 174
Fine: Silver," per 0unce....;........ — • 57%
Mexican Dollars 46 46V4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— market remains In the curious
condition which has characterized •It for sev
eral weeks. There Is nothing doing in ship
ping,: but the millers are 'freely paying the
top price for milling. Futures are dull.
Spot Wheat—^..ipplng, ; milling, $1 650
1 62H per ctl. v
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, $1 85H: 10,000. $1 35%: 6000. SI 36%.
Second session— December— Booo ctls, $1 35%.
Regular morning -session— Deoember— 2000 ctls,
$1 36%;" 2000, $1 35V4; 34.000, $1 35%.
Afternoon session— December — 10,000 ctls,
fl 85%; 3000, tl 36%; 14,000, $1 35%.
BARLEY— The market Is flat and neglected
at unchanged prices.
Feed, |1 17^®! 20; Brewing, nominal.
I CALL BOARD SAGS.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second session sales. ■>■'
! Regular morning session— December— 6ooo ctls,
$1 14; 4f*>o, *1 H',i; 2000. 11 14%; 8000, $1 14%;
: 2000, 1 $1 14^. : Spot— 2ooo, $1 ; 17H.
Afternoon session — December — 2000 ctls,
Jl 15' i; SOW, $1 15H; 20.000, $1 15%; 2000, $1 18;
16.000, $1 16%.
OATS— The market Is utterly neglected, and
quotations are nominal.
Fancy feed. $140 per ctl; good to choice,
$1 32H@1 37Vi; common, SI 30@l 32V4,; Surprise,
$1 40®l 46; gray, $1 82^@1 36; milling, II 35©
1 40 per ctl.
CORN— Business continues at a standstill.'
Small round yellow. $1 25@1 30: large yellow.
$1 07>,i<8H 10; white, $1 06@l 07V4 per ctl.
RYE-SI 30®l 35 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— fI 75011 85 per ctl.
FU/O'H AND MILLSTTTFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $5 60®6 68 j baker*"
extras, So 25©'5 35 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, SI 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, *6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, 13 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, S4@4 25:
Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
#6 20; In sacks, $5 60^:6; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 26; Green Peas, $4 60 per 100 lbs.
V HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There Is no change In the Hay situation.
Receipts of new are wholly confined to wheat,
with an occasional car of Alfalfa. Th« little
old left here Is closely held, and buyers are
taking it at the higher prices In preference to
the new. Feedstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN-Sls 50©16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O 50&22 50 per ton.
KEEDSTCFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26@t7 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 531(531 50; Job
bing. $32<g32 60: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50;
Cracked Corn, $25.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat $20®
23: Wheat and Oat. $19©22; Oat, ; Bar
ley, ; compressed Wheat. SSI'S 24; com
pressed Oat, $16@18; Alfalfa, $12@13 50; Clover,
NEW HAT— Wheat, wire-bound, $17®19; Oat,
; Barley, ; Island Barley, ; Al
falfa, $12(8-13 50.
STRAW— €5<&95c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Previous prices rule for Beans, with a quiet
market.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 90^.1; Small Whites. $2f§)
2 10; Largo Whites, $1 95®2 05; Pinks, $2 60®
2 70; Reds, $2 70<Q2 90; JJlackeye, $3 25@3 40;
Butters, $1 75f1l 90; Llmas, $2 90@3; Pea, $1 85
@2; Red Kidney*. $2 Ro| 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 2.V52 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 165J3 25; Flax, $2>25: Canary
Seed, 2H?f2%c per lb; Alfalfa, S^c; Rape, 2%@
214 c; Hemp, 214<S3c; Timothy, 6®s\ic.
DRIED PKAB— Nlles, $1 75<g2; Green, $2@
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Loe Angeles Egg Plant, 10@12^o per It);
Green Peppers, B'9'l2'ic; Tomatoes, |2 25@2 50
per box.
Potatoes and Onions are weaker.
Vegetable? show no particular change.
POTATOES— OId Burbanks, 40<g60c per sack;
Oregon Burbanks, 4<Vfi6oc; new Potatoes, &o<g:-60c
for Early Rose and 60@85c for Burbanks, In
boxes.
ONIONS— New, 60<g65c per ctl for red and 75
@Soc for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 182 boxes As
paragus, 230 sacks Peas and R7 sacks Beans.
Asparagus, $2 60 for extra large; $1 SAfJi
2 25 per box for No. 1, 50c@$l 25 for small; Rhu
barb, 50c#$l per box: Green Peas, 75c@$l 25
per sack; Garden Peas, 2c per lb: String
Beans, S'tl'Se; Wax Bennp, 41T7C; Horse Beans,
40<fj\ r >nc per sack; Summer Squash, "65c@$l per
box; Dried Peppers, 6!jj7c per lb; Dried Okra,
12He: Cabbaeo, SOtfrfiOc per ctl: Carrots. 30<££5Oc
per sack: Marysvllle Cucumbers, 75cg$l per
box; Vaeavllle Tomatoes, $2<!j'2 25 per box;
Green Corn, 30@40c per dozen; Garlic, 4@3c
per Xh.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced, desiccated. 16<glSc; granulated, raw,
13c; Onions, 60e; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at ll@l2c for Turkeys,
$6@6 50 for Hens and $4 75<55 for old Roosters.
Local stock showed little change.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10<3>12c for Gob
blers and 10/gfl2c for Hens; Geese, per pair 75c
@S1; Goslings. $I@l 25; Ducks, J3ff3 50 for old
and $3@4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50(J?4 50; Roos
ters, young, $7<g'9; Roosters, old, $3 50@4; Fry
ers, $5W6; Broilers, $3 50@4 50 for large, $2(3*3
for small; Pigeons, $ 1 25@1 50 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is weahi at a fractional decline.
There Is no change In Eggs and Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy : creameries, 18@19c; sec
onds, 17Vsi©lSc.
Dairy— to fancy, 16V4@17V6c; common
grades, 15@lGc per lb.
Eastern Butter — Imitation . creamery, 16®
16>40; ladle-packed, 13@16c per Ib; Elgin, 17
Quo.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 8«/4@9e; old, 7H<B>
8c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
9<B>loc; Eastern. 12513 c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 15<??17e per dozen; store
Eggs,. 14@15c; Eastern, 14%@15c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. .
Apricots continue to Improve In size, though
they are still small. .■ They are In good supply
and plow of sale. The same remark applies
to Peaches'..- As for • Cherries, the market Is
stuffed with them and they are very poor as
a rule. Berries are not materially changed.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 325 chests of Strawberries and
6476 boxes of Cherries and 830 boxes of Apricots.
Strawberries, $2<g l s per chest for large and
$Mfß for small berries.
White Cherries, 15^2Kc per box; black, 20<3
40c; Royal Annes, 35@K0c; loose Cherries, l@
l^c for white and l@3c per It) for black, and
2@3c for Royal Anne. ■
• Currants, $2'c?3 50 per chest.
Blackberries, 80@90o per crate and — per
drawer. ■ - .i.. i .
Plums, 85®«5c per crate and 25@500 per box;
Cherry Plums, 2n<Q;3oc per drawer and 35(u50c
per box. • :
: Apricots, 40<3 1 60 c per . box and 60@75c per
crate for Royals.
.. Peaches, ' 2S@7sc per box and — — per basket.
Gooseberries, l@2c per lb for common and
4@sc for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $1 25 per crate; Near
by Raspberries, $6@lo per chest. ' .
Apples, 50c@l 50 per box;' new Apples. IK.fr
50c per small and 90c@l per large box and 25-3
35c per basket. •:■ . •:i -. -.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 76@3 25-
Seedlings, 75c®l 25; Lemons, 50c®$i for com
mon and $1 2b<j}l for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $3®4; California Limes. In small boxes,
40@50c; Bananas. $1 2n<§'2 . per bunch; Pine
apples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There Is nothing going on beyond the usual
Jobbing sales.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots, 4%qs
6c for 40-60 > s, 4^<3>4Hc ' for 50-60' s, 3%<jMc for
60-70's. B>4<g3MiC for 70-80's. 2Vy'3c for SO-SO' 2^4
(B'2 L ie for 90-100' Peaches, 3Q5c; fancy 6V4®
6c; peeled. 10®12Hc; Apricots, 5@6>,4c for Royals
and 7®Sc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 7Mi@Bc; sun-dried, 4%@Kc; Black
Figs in sacks. 2f(?2>4c; Plums. 4V4<g>4^c -for
pitted and 114@lHc •■ t(Jr .. unpitted; bleached j
Plums, :6©sVic; Nectarines, ;4s?sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2Vi@4MiC for quarters and 3@sHo
for halves, according to color, ; etc. ■•■--.,
■ -RAISINS— IH@2c for two-crown. 3c for three
crown, 3',-ic ■ for four-crown, 4^4c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for ; Seedless Muscatels and $l<jj>
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, ; 2\4c. ■
NUTS— Walnuts, 30 for hardshell, 406 c for
softshell; Almonds. 1 3{?4c for. hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, ;B%(&'9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, -4®
B^c for Eastern and,4MsC for -California; Pe
cans, 6V6@Sc; Filberts. 9'j(fnoc; " Brazil ■ Nuts
SSj9c-per rb;Cocoanuts. : $4 EOfll per 100
■ HONEY— Comb. • 9^190 * for ' bright . and 6@7c
' for lower grades: water-white extracted. 6Vi<a
6c; light amber extracted. 49i@3&c per It).
BEESWAX— 24<g26c per > tt>. -■
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, i 9c per '■.. Ib "■■:'- for
heavy. 9%c for light medium. f 10c for light,
lie for. extra light and 12@12Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern :s: s sugar-cured f Hams, : 10H@llc; "- Cali
fornia Hams." 9Vi@loc; Mess Beef, $10 00 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, ■ $9; : extra prime "Pork, $10: r extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess. $15; Smoked Beef, 1255 12 Vic per
It>. - '"• ' ■■ - ' .:-' :,' ~; '■. :■'■ :• ■ ' .'■ -' . •-.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted >at 6c per - It)
for : compound : and- B Vic ; for pure; palls, . 9%c;
California tierces, V B'/4c ' per ■■■■ Tb ..' for . compound
and 7Hc :- for ■ pure; ■ half ' barrels, ; 7%c; - 10- It)
Uns;'BHc: o-R> tins, B *°- ' "'* ■"' "
:.■' CQXTpLENE - J!ieroeß» JJ&fiTJiQj; . JWC>u»e^
lesa than 800 lbs— l-Tb palls. 60 In a case, 9Ho;
8-Ib pails, 20 In a case, 8%o; 6-lb pails 12 In a
case, B\fea; 10- tb palls, 6in a case, BHc; 60- Ib
tins. 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c- half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%0 per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Quotations for the Spring dtp of Wool have
at last been established. Fall Wools are lower.
The market Is very dull, and the quotations
represent asking prices.
Hides are stiff and are expected to advance
any day.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10V4c; medium. 9£9V-e- light 9c-
Cowhides, »(B>9Mic; Stags. 6c; salted Kip, W :
I ! ,ii Oc: dry Kip and Veal, culls and brands
IZipu^c; dry Kip and Veal, 15@16c; dry Calf
18®20c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20®'^ each-
Kids, o@10c: Deerskins, good summer, 25®30c
per Ib; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 20@30c each; short wool, 40@70c
each; medium. 70m<><:; long wool. 90c@$l 30
?? 1 aC rr h Ao HrßehldeH rBehlde8 { sa 1 ' i2r(ii M for large and
I ®« ££» .mall;. mall; Colts - 25 3 ° c; Horlehldes.
Cuts 26©foe for larsa and *l@lso fOr small;
TALLOW— No. I rendered. B<g3%c per lb;
?irix;® 2^ c: re ned - •«H®4%c; Grease. 2c.
"WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7®loc •'
free Northern, 9-{?l2c. Spring clip-Southern
Mountain, 12 months'. 9@lic; San Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months', S(g>loc: Foothill and
«?lV? ern> free - 12 @»e: do, defective. 10@l2c;
Middle county, I3@i6c: Humboldt and Mendo
clno. 15®17c: Nevada, IS® 15c
HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9®l2V.c per Ib
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs hay» again advanced, and are stiff, but
dealer* do not expect the advance to bold. No
other changes.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
X i? E ?£"^ Flm l uallt 6Ho: second quality,
5%0; third quality, 4@Bc per It). /
. VEAL-Large, «@se; small, 6<3>7c per ID.
MUTTON-Wethers. 7%<3*c; Ewes, 7®7*io per
id.
LAMB-eprtn^ B(ffß%c per Ib.
PORK— Hogs, <K<B>4tto for large, 4%®50
Ju r «2i 1 ? and 4( 9 41 * c for small; atock Hogs,
3>4©B?tc; dressed Hogs, 6H<B>7%c. . '
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. June-July, B%®
5Hc; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle. $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks. . . , ' .. .-,.. .■ \> ■
Harrison's Circular nays:
"This week there have been four deliveries
from British Columbia with 16.802 tons of coal
fly« from Washington. 12,653 tons: two from
Oregon, 1150 tons; one from Australia, 4200
tons; total. 3.4,305 tons. Our coal arrivals thfs
week are 7000 tons in excess of the deliveries
here of last week. There are five transports
now coaling and ten more already engaged,
which will leave this month; these comblnedly
will ■ require about 15,000 tons for Government
use. This may i=erve to reduce our stocks In
yard somewhat, still If our Northern shipments
SEnS? . diminished there will be no marked
k SrS'Vfc fo ,V thi f month. It must be remem
bered the diverting of eighteen steamers (three
5? ♦"r.Sl!**^! ? ft) i rom their usual channels
of trade, will for the moment draw consider
able fuel from our reserve, but It will be some
time before they will return here and again
become consumers, whereas in their regular
currency of business locally, they would In the
course of a few months have burnt up much
more. There are several overdue cargoes of
Australian, which constitute about all the coal
to arrive here this month from all sources ex
cept our Northern collieries. With such a
limited number |ft supply points, and those
concentrated In a very few hands.' it Is to be
wondered at that the Government purchases
have been made so low. There has been no dis
position shown to form-that customary "ring"'
when the Department is a large buyer. Prices
for fuel for domestic furposes have not been
disturbed since war was declared In April "
Chinese mixed. $4 50@4 55 per ctl* No
1, $".<({ 5 15; extra No. 1, $5 3035 60- Hawaiian!
IMS* 12^; Japan, $5 90@6 40; Louisiana, $5 50©
6 00.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered, 6%c Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, 6%c; Mag
nolia A. 5%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, o£c-
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per
tt>; half-barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
— —
For Friday, June 10.
Flour, qr sks .... 9,651 Wine, gals ...... I*soo
Wheat, ctls ...... 1.070 Straw, tons .... ' ' 43
Barley, ctls ...... 4,775 Wool, bales .... 54
Cheese, ctls '..;.... 103 Pelts, bdls ; -' fig
Butter, ctls :, 267 Hides. No ' 1619
Tallow, ctls ...... IP EKga.doz .:.....■ .'is! 840
Potatoes, sks ...: 2,?87 Sugar, bags ...... 655
Onions, Bkß 755 Lime, bbls .'.... "' 81
Bran, sks ........ 1,836 Leather, rolls .... IS2
Middlings, sks .. 60 Lumber, ft 30 000
Raisins, bxs 6,536 ! Brandy, gals .... 400
Quicksilver, flsks. 7 1 Hay, tons 189
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 10.7R4|Hay. tons ...... 20
Wheat, ctls . 15.585 Bran, sks .. ' I 56 9
Barley, ctls 3.900 1 Shorts, sks , '965
Oats, ctls 1,500
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 15.6401 Oats, ctls S7O
Bran. Bks 4.1061 Potatoes, sks .. 1509
Wheat, ctls ..... 1,940 Middlings, sks .. 2*237
Barley, ctls 3.730 Hay, tons ' 60
'? EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ....... 1.200!.
UTAH.
Hay, tons 10 i
.;. _ ♦ . ;* . "•
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are dearer. Butter Is unchanged.
Poultry is plentiful at previous prices. Meats
are unchanged.
Fruits are in good supply, but the quality is
Inferior this year, both in size and flavor.
Vegetables are unchanged. .
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannei ......$— 00 Castle Gate.. .9 60®
Wellington . i&'IO 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington @ 9 50
ton @10 00 Coos Bay — — @ 7 00
Seattle 8 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per I Common Eggs 15@17
square,. 40*5*— Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per r011.....35©40 doz  — ©20
Do, good 30® 35 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal 10(gl2 1b 12@15
Cheese, Eastern.. l6(ff2o Do, extracted... B@lo
Cheese. 5wi55.. ...20@30
Meats, per pound- ;:?■•; r
Bacon 12<§17 1 Pork, fresh ...... .12ifJ16
Beef,, choice 12@15 I Pork, salt ....lO@l2
■ Do, good S'rflOjPork Chops 12tfil5
Corned Beef 8<&;H Round Steak \So—
Ham, Cal 12V^nl'> sirloin Steak.... 12Vg>—
Do, Eastern (?15 Porterhouse, do.. 17a°0
Lard 12<&"15 Smoked Beef — <815
Mutton — — @10 Pork Sausages....— ijho
Spring Lamb ...12®— Veal 12@15
: Poultry and Game-
Hens, each Bo@ 631 Turkeys, pr Tb 15.-3 —
Young Roost- • Pucks, each... 40$ 75
ers, each..... 75@1 00 Geese, each...l 00@l 50
Old Roosters, Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50
each ;.. 40® BO Rabbits, pair.—^—@ 40
Fryers, each... 60® -75 Hare, : each.... 20
Broilers, each. 40® 50
■ Fruits and Nuts— '
Apricots, per lb.. 4(g> 6 Limes, do* 10^12
Almonds, fb 12W15 Oranges, dox 20^40
Apples. It) 5@ 8 Peaches, per 1b... 6®lo
Blackberries, per Plums, per lb 6@ 8
basket B^lo Raspberries, per
Bananas, doz 18010 basket — <g'l2
Currants, pr box.4o<ijso Raisins, Tb. s@lo
Cherries, per 1b. .. Vt S Strawberries, per
Gooseberries, rb... 3@ 6 drawer IMK6
Lemons, doz 20<S'25 Walnuts, lb 15@—
Vegetables—
Asparagus, 1b.... 4@lo lettuce, doz l. r i's'2s
Artichokes, d0z.. .16926 Dried Okra, Ib —§20
Beets, doe ..12@15 Onions. ; 1b... M|
Beans, white, !b.. 4® 51 Peppers, green... lf«g2s
Colored, lb... — < 4@ 5! Potatoes. ft> M I
Lima, 1b...; sij| 6 [Parsnips, . d0z.....15®20
Cabbage, each.... 6^lo] Rhubarb, 1b. ...... 4® 5
Cauliflowers, each RiflO Radishes, dz bchs.lOWl2
Celery, bunch....'. iff— ?ajre. Ib 25@35
Cre*s. doz bchs...2o^2f- String Beans, 1b.10@15
Cucumbers, 'dz....20@35 Summer Squash
Egg Plant, per 1b.15©25 per lb ; Sift 8
Green Corn, d1...40«*0 Thyme. ,Ib.. WOIO
Green Peas. lb 3W 5 Turnips, doz 15520
Lentils, 1b...-. . 6@ S Tomatoes, 1b.:....10@15
Fish, per pound-
Barracuda ........ SITIO ?hrimps $@10
Carp s<ff *> Shad &ft S
Codfish ...... J B#lo ?ea Bass.. — ®1O
Flounders ......... 6$ 8 ?me!ts 10^12
Herring — <££— Soles StJIO
Eiallbut '..... 10« i; Skates, each 5«lO
Klngflsh ' — 4*lo Tomcod .10#—
Mackerel ..;.......12@— Clams, ga1........— #50 i
•Do, H0r5e..".....— Do. hardshell, I(KMO<£SO
Perch 10»- Crabs, each.. 10-flo
Pompano .........60©75 Do, softshell, dor.2j'gl?s
Hockflsh ; .. 12@15 Mussels, qt........1(Vg12
Salmon, smoked.. 2os— Oysters. ■ Cal. 100.. 40#—
Salmon, fre5h.... 10012 Do; Eastern, <10i.25@40
THE PRINCE"S VILLA.
The Prince of Wales Las just pur
chased the charming villa °t Cannes of
his Intimate friend, * ie Comte de Saint
Priest, whose funeral he attended at
Paris the other day. The house is very
prettily situated on the way up to the
Villa Nevada and is near the Villa
Mezzomonte. Its acquisition by the
Prince shows that he intends to keep
up his practice of spending the spring
of each year in the south of France.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
: A branch of the United States Hydrographle
Office, located In , the . Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit oX
mariners '. without . regard to nationality t - and
free of expense. ' ■- : ' ' . , l.i.J'lmL
Kavl*alors ap fifvUtUT. lagted t^ylalt ftl
office, where complete rets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the 'wilding on Tele*
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befofj
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball waa
dropped on time or giving the error, If any, la
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the mornlnp papers the fo.lowlng day.
C. P. WELCH. Ensign. U. S. N.. In charge.
THIS cat.z, CAtENDAIt.
June, 1898.
Sa.
Moon's Pha*«%
11
Vi/ June 1
June 4.
T
15
IT
iff Last Quarto?,
<& Jnne ia
j£jl New Moon,
W June 18.
36
T.
au
SUN, MOON AND '.'IDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE —The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Port Point;
the height of tide is the same at both place*.
JTTNE— IS9S.
Saturday, Juno 11.
Sun rises ...: *:«
Sun e«ts :..:.■ .....T:BJ
Moon rl»en Midnight
!H W L W
H W
L V 7
L W
0:S?|
! 1:801
I 8:24
I 8:1?
I 3: 68
6:26,
7:49
.| L »:
l| 13:
i| 1
1 !
H V
6:41
1:T
-8:1'
9:4.
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the ttde*
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the order of occurrence as .0 time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld*
and the last or right hand column rivet th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
when a minus sign (— ) precedes tha height,
given are additions to the Bounding! on th«
United States Coast Enrvey charts, except
when a minu sign (—)( — ) precedes the helghth.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts, /he plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STKAJIERS TO AHKlVtfi.
r uiluu
Ohio
rorciana
Orizaba
WnllaWalla....
Indiana
Wellington....
Common
Coos Bay
Etnp1r0....^....
Curacao
Mlneola.
Pomona
Chllkat.
State ot Cat
Crescent City..'
Mackinaw
Homer
UmatUla .. ..
Arena
Orecon
Santa Rosa
San Jnan
Newport
Nortn Fora.-...
Seattle
Humooldt
Victoria & Pruret Sound . .
Seattle..:... •"...
Departure Bay
Portland
Newport „ ...?..
Coos bay-
Mexico
Comox
I Sun Dleiro i..
I Eel River
I Portland
Crescent City -
Tacoma ..
NewDort .....
Victoria & Puret 5na. ....
Coos Bay
Portland
San Dlero.. ..;.....
Panama _....
Panama.... ...
Humoowt :
Jne 18
Jne 15
Jne 15
Jne 18
Jne 18
Jne W
Jne 13
Jne 18
Jne 18
Jne IS
Jne IK
BTEAMLIW TO SAII*
CTJi-AMER. I DERTIN-ATIOXI
Scotia...... I Humboldt
Tillamok.. Alaska
St. Paul.... i Alaska
Orepon .... Portland
Leelanaw . ) Alaska.
Santa Rosa | San Diero
Nortn Fort i Humboldt ...
Orizaba.... Humboldt ....
Columbia.. Portland
Cleveland.. Alaska
Coos Bay.. I Newport
Fulton ; Oregon Ports
Humboldt.. I Alaska
Walla Wlla I Vie 4 Psrt Snd
Moana Sydney
Pomona.... San Diego —
ChUkat.... Humboldt —
Arcaui.... Coos Bar
State of Cat Portland
Homer Newport.....
Curacao ... ! Mexico .......
Cityof Para | Panama
Belele .. IChina&Japan.
SAIT.H
IHumboldt June 11. 10 AvlPler 2
Alaska June 11. 5 pm Pier 8
l Alaska June 11. 2pm 3 W i
IPoruana June 11. 10 am Pier 13
I Alaska.. JuneU. 2pm Pier 8
|San Dif-ro .... June 12. 11 Asi Pier 11
i Humboldt ... June 13. aam Pier 2
Humboldt .... June 13. 10 ah Pier S
Portland June 14. 10 am tter 12
Alaska JuneU
j Newport June 14. y am Pier ll
Oreeon Ports JuneU. 10 am Pier t
Alaska. June 14. 5 pm Pier 3
I Vie A Pst Snd Juno 15. Waml Pier »
Sydney June!s. 2PM!pler 7
ISan Die?o June Id. 11 a>i j Pier 11
Humboldt June 1«. a am Pier 13
Coos Bar June 17. 4 pm Pier U
Portland June 17. 11l am Pier II
iNewport June Is 9ax Pis* 11
! Mexico Juno 18. 10 AM Pier I)
| Panama June 13. 12 v PM 5>S
IChlna&Japan. Juno I". 1 pm PM SS
TIME BALL,.
Branch Hydrographic Office, IT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Juna
10, IS9B.
The time bal! on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at nooon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH.
EnMtrn. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPIXG INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED. '■■"■'■
Friday, June 10.
Ftmr Laguna, Peterson, 64 hours from New
port.
Stmr Oregon. Banks, 60 hours from Portland.
via Astoria 52 hours. . '
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 23^4 hours fronVEu-
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 67 hours from
San Diego and way ports. -
Stmr Humboldt. Boifleld. 63 hours from Seat-
Stmr Cooullle River. Thompson, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg, bound to Newport. Put In to land
passengers. . , ' '. .•
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 43 hours from Sao
Pedro. _ ,
Ship Occidental, Bennett. 8 days from Seat*
tie ■.■■' ■ ■
Ship Tosemite, Gotteney. 14 days from Seat-
Pchr La Chilena. Matsen, 9 hours from Fort
Schr Mary Buhne, Weber, 5 days from Till**
me >k Bay. ' •
Schr Sadie. Smith. 3% days from Umpoma.
■ Schr Edith, Gideon, 6 days from Sluslaw.
Schr Gem, Nelson. 5 days from Grays Har
°Schr Corinthian, Korth. 20 hours from;Blh
lers Point. • ' 1
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen, 8 days from Co*
qullle River.
Schr J Epplnger, Colstrup, — days from .— -»
Up river direct. . • . ■' ■
CLEARED.
Friday, June 10.
Stmr Ellhu Thompson. Garllck. Seattle; John*
son-Locke Mercantile Co. -
Stmr Tlllamook. Doran. St Michael, via in*.
laska with stmr Rldeout in tow; Johnson-Lock*
* Btmr Oregon, Banks. Astoria: Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Co.
Ship Aryan. Dickinson, Honolulu: John
Rosenf eld's 'Sons. '-*■-• ■
BAILED.
Friday. June 10.
Stmr Ellhu Thompson, Garlick. Seattle. ;
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria ana
Port Tcwnsend. ■
Stmr Arcata. Deed, Coos Bay. •
Stmr Coqullie River. Thompson, Newport.
Stmr Chllkat. Anderson. Eureka.
Stmr Olr">v. Shea. Santa Cruz.
Schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen. Kahulul.
Bear Western Home. Nlllson C^J^&Lv
lenr B^^^
l^r MBarbaraOllM Barbara Ol li n ern^e S rJen S en.: Co^uin*
R Rc^ir Monterev. B^ck. Bowens Landing.
Btmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent Clt^
Schr Neptune^t,^^ -
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 10—10 p. m.— Weatheiv
thick; wind, SW; velocity. 16 miles. -:.^
SPOKEN. • .
Arr ,l i!>_Lat 3S. long 27 W, Br ship Austra
„„' ('„. Hull for Snn Francisco. ,
i?-Sft I S. »oiw 31 W, Br ship' GlenosO.
hen« Feu 16, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS. |
ASTORIA— ■ June Stmr Columbl*,
°A rrlved June S °lo— Stmr State of California,
I h s"\V DlEGO— Arrived June 10— U S stmr Bru
j tvs' V S stmr Monterey, hence June 7. . •
ASTORIA-Sailed June 10— 8tmr G«o W Elder
f °GREENWOOD— Sailed Jun« 10— Stmr Whttes
boro for San Francisco.
COOS Arrived June Stmr Empire,
hence June 7. • •■'■..*•
PORT ANGELES— June Stmr In
diana, for San Francisco. ■ • ■ ■: ■
TATOOSH— Passed June 10— Chll bark Altc*r
from Port Blakeley, ' for Callao. ,
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed June 9— Ship Co
lumbia, for San . Francisco. ' ■ '•.
NEWPORT— Arrived June 10— Schr John .A
Campbell. ' from Port Blakeley. '- .
VENTURA— SaiIed i June 10— Stmr Pasadena.
for Eureka. - ' ■, ■ . .
EUREKA— SaiIed June 10— Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
■ EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— June 9-^Stmr Finance,
from Colon-; ship Tlllle Slarbuck, from Hono
lulu. . .  £■?■?
-;V ■■.■■-. FOREIGN . PORTS. ' '
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed June 10— Br ship
Mayfleld. for San Francisco.
-HONGKONG— SaiIed June 9— Stmr Arizona,
for Tacoma. - . '■
DOVER— Passed June 9— Br ship Morven, frra
Hull, for. San Francisco. . £ '■'..-■£
QUEENSTOWN— June. 9— Br bark i
Earl Cadogan,. from Tacoma; Br bark Invermay
hence Dec 26. . ■ . ■ ..-'.•_
FALMQUTH— SaiIed June 9— ship Dltton,
for Antwerp. s- - •
• - HONGKONG— CIeared May 11— Br bark West
bury, for Ban Francisco, •
c Cleared May 10— Yacht lolna, for Stosapar*. jDIAMONDS ARE
OUT OF SIGHT
Alameda Politics Take a
New Departure.
FAVOR BUCKBOARD IDEAS
CANDIDATES SUDDENLY BECOME
ECONOMICAL.
Anything Suggestive of a Dude or of
a Tailor-itade Suit Is Very
Vigorously Tabooed These
Days.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway. June 10.
The principles O f "buckboard cam
paigns" seem to have taken a firm hold
of Alameda County politicians, and of all
the host of office Beekers from those who
would like to be Governor down to the
man who would consider himself lucky
with a town marshal's deputyship there
Is a general desire to impress the voters
■with the idea that long hair, slouch hats,
seedy looking suits and unshined boots
and unshaven faces with unkempt hair
are necessary to ln«ure success in this era
of politics.
Dr. George Pardee, evidently taking his
cue from Governor Budd, whom he some
what resembles, has set the fashion for
this county. The doctor is known to pos
sess a diamond or two and to have at
least one nice looking suit of clothes. It
is also believed that he has at least one
pair of patent leather shoes and a new
hat, but there has been nothing within
the past three months to indicate that the
doctor possesses any of taese. Every after
noon as he walks up Broadway he wears
a veteran looking overcoat buttoneu up
to the chin, a slouch hat, with the brim
turned downward rather than upward, a
Bult strongly suggestive of "hand-me
downs," and as to gloves, he never wears
them, probably because his hand has to
go into his pocket so often to pass out
cigars.
Next in order in the Broadway parade
Is Assessor Dalton. Mr. Dalton is not
poor, but many poor men cut a more
swagger appearance than the County As
sessor. The slouch hat, the greenish
black suit and the absence of anything
suggestive of wealth are equally appa
rent. Mr. Dalton even goes the doctor
one better, for whenever possible he links
his arm with some gentleman from the
country and undoubtedly makes a vote
before parting at Twelfth and Broadway.
This easy-going, hail-fellow-well-met
Btyle of deportment is also followed by
Sheriff White, who seep more men in
■walking a block than any other man in
Oakland. Deputy District Attorney J. W.
Stetson, one of the tallest and most im
posing looking of candidates, is also con
verted to the "buckboard" principle of
politics. He has cultivated a stoop that
rohs him of six inches of his height, and
he meanders up and down Broadway in
a manner not the least suggestive of
the military training he received at the
university.
Tax Collector Barber carries the thing
to excess, and since the present cam
paign broke out Mr. Barber would have
experienced great difficulty in changing
his entire wardrobe for $2 50 anywhere in
Oakland.
"W. R. Davis, the most conserva
tive of candidates, leans somewhat to
ward the new condition, though perhaps
not so prominently as his rival for the
Governor's chair.
The latest convert, however, is A. K.
Grimm, who has just been "discovered"
as an available and of course logical can
didate for Recorder. Mr. Grimm some
what resembles ex-Mayor Sutro, both in
appearance and mannerisms. He also
flourishes a slouch hat and long overcoat,
and c-ouid not be persuaded to wear a
diamond at this time upon any condi- .
tlon. It might also be added that Aarun '
A. Bretz, once an Assemblyman, is also
■well known for many of the characteris
tics of dress and deportment which now
are being followed by aspiring Republi
cans.
FIELD HOSPITAL NOTES.
Measles and Coids Have In
creased Since the Straw
Was Removed.
© The regiments of North and South Da
kota were put through an afternoon of
good hard practice in battalion and ex
tended order drilling yesterday. Their
work is admirable and not far from the
standard of efficiency in the regulars.
The field hospital is now rapidly filling
up. A majority of the cases are of
measles, induced, say the medicos, by the
cold fogs and blustering trade winds to
which Camp Merritt is wholly exposed.
The percentage of colds has also mate
rially increased since the order prohibit
ing the use of straw bedding went into
effect.
Though the number of measles cases is
large, there is no possibility of the mal
ady becoming epidemic, as the cases are
isolated in the infection ward of the
field hospital under the charge of Sur
geon Page.
Surgeons Owen, Morris and Crosby, of
the staff in charge of the field hospital at
Camp Merritt, received news yesterday
of the confirmation by the Senate Of
their nominations as brigade surgeons,
with rank of major.
Surgeons Owens and Crosby, with Sur
geon White, constitute the board appoint
ed to Burvey all United States transports
and report upon their sanitary condition
and equipment.
They were called from camp yesterday
noon to inspect the City of Para. The
sanitary Inspection of the different boats
of the transport fleet will be rapidly
pushed, as the laying in of supplies has
already begun, and regiment command
ers propose to begin the stowing
aboard of camp equipage to-day.
Local War Incidents.
A meeting of the San Francisco Hus-
Ears will be held at the armory, corner of
Market and Tenth streets, at 1:30 p. m.,
Sunday.
CaptaJn Lorenzo writes from Red Bluff
that he Is engaged in recrultinr tna Hus
pars to a full regiment. He Bays five
troops have been secured.
This morning there will arrive in San
Francisco 850 recruits from Fort McPher
eon, Georgia, for the Eighteenth and
Tv^enty-thlrd United States Infantry
regiments.
The Burdett School of South San Fran
cisco is bound not to be behindhand in
patriotism. Yesterday a four horse team
left the schoolhouse laden with beef, veg
etables, canned goods of every descrip
tion, boxes of eggs and great bundles of
literature. This is not all. however. The
school has collected a fund of almost $200
which is to go toward providing*eomiorts
for the brave fellows who go to Manila
to fight for the flag and for what It sym
bolizes.
One of the greatest works now being
performed in aid of the soldiers at Camp
Merritt is the nightly entertainment given
In the McCord warehouse under the di
rection of the ladies of the Christian En
deavor Society. Here at least 700 men at
tend nightly to listen to piano recitals,
read the latest periodicals and enjoy a
well-arranged programme of patriotic
recitations. Impromptu addresses and
eongs. The evening exercises close with
the distribution of refreshments, consist-
Ing of warm coffee, sandwiches cake, and
frequently other acceptable luxuries.
By this means the boys are kept away
from the demoralizing influences of the
saloons, which have become almost as
numerous as the tents in camp, and can
substitute the low amusement they may
find there by the healthy, instructive and
enjoyable entertainment that is cheerfully
extended to them by the ladies in charge
of the Christian Endeavor headquarters
South Dakota Grievance.
The enlisted men of the First South
Dakota Volunteers are about ripe for a
declaration of war on the regimental com
mlfcsarv. They say they are given corned
beef or a poor quality three times a day
and while the other troops are drawing
regular rations of fresh beef and bacon
they have not tasted fresh meat since
they left home, except at the meal that
was served to them on their arrival here
by the Red Cross Society.
The men attribute the whole trouble to
the indifference of the regimental com
missary, who is satisfied to draw the
regular field rations and never exerts him
self to make requisition for fresh beef.
The men threaten to lay their grievance
before Colonel Frost.
CAPT. STEPHENS' BODY ARRIVES
The Well-Known Mariner Will Be
Interred To-Day — His Death a
Great Surprise.
The body of Captain Charles M. Steph
ens, whose death was announced a few
days ago in the telegraphic columns of
The Call, reached this city yesterday on
the return trip of the steamship Oregon,
the vessel he commanded when death re
lieved him. The body was removed to the
undertaking establishment of J. S. God
eau, 305 Montgomery street, from which
place he will be buried this morning un
der the auspices of the American Associa
tion of Masters and Pilots.
Deceased leaves a widow and four step
children. D. W. Williams C. D. Williams,
Mrs. A. Sutherland and Mrs. H. Selenger,
to mourn his taking off. His lopa will al?',
be severely felt by the steamship com
pany, in whose employ he had been for
twenty-five years. He had by dint of
hard work and constant attention to duty
advanced himself from the lowly position
of sailor to that of conntmnaer. During
his residence in this city he made hosts
of friends by his genial manner and en
dearing ways, and his death will be pain
ful news to them.
His taking off was sudden. On the
morning of the 3d of this month, while in
transit to Portland he entered the pilot
house and in a few minutes he complained
of dizziness. He had hardly taken three
steps away from the latter place when he
fell to the deck. Everything was done
to revive him. but life was extinct. Heart
disease was the cause. Captain Stephens
was 50 years of age. a striking man in ap
pearance and weighed in the neighbor
hood of 240 pounds. He bore every appear
ance of being in the best of health and his
collapse occasioned great surprise. His
body was brofight in on the return trip of
the Oregon and the vessel bore a mourn
ful appearance with all flags at halfmast
and her officers in mourning.
The captain was beloved hy both officers
and men and it is expected they will at
tend the funeral in a body.
'ALF AND 'ALF OUT
IN THE STREET
TROUBLES MULTIPLY FOR THE
ST. GEORGE CLUB.
Unpaid Rent, Sheriff's Deputies and
an Unsatisfied Mortgage the
Cause of the Difficulties.
Trouble has been coming right in the
way of the St. George Club recently, but
in all probability the troubles of the club
are over: it is also probable that the club
has ceased to exist.
From time to time there have he*»n ru
mors of internal strifes threatening the
disruption of the club, and while they
were frequently affirmed by some of the
members they were as firmly denied by
others. Things have at last come to an
end. however. The buildings at 317 Ma
son street are owned by Captain H. Mat
thews, and he procured judgment against
the club in the sum of $350 for rent. Fre
quent demands for the money have been
made, but seeing it was not forthcoming
the matter was placed in the Sheriffs
hands, and after having given the cus
tomary four days' notice a posse under
the direction of Deputy Sheriff Galland
arrived on the premises and unceremo
niously turned everything out into the
street.
Shortly after the work of eviction com- I
menced a Mrs. Lapham arrived on the
scene with a $l<X>o mortgage on the pool j
tables, cash register and pianos. About |
the same time workmen from the ware- i
rooms of Kohler & Chase and the St. i
Germain Billiard Table Company came !
to remove the piano and billiard tables, !
which did not belong to the club at all, i
but were only rented, and all that was
left for the mortgagee was the stock of j
liquors and one of the pianos. Seeing she ■
had been duped Mrs. Lapham seized on
what she could get, and the uneneum- i
bered furniture was removed to a stor- J
age warehouse.
LADIES' IRISH FAIR.
Meeting Held Last Night and Soi
Important Business Transacted.
A meeting was held last night at the
Occidental Hotel by the ladies and gentle
men interested in the Irish Fair that is
to take place at Mechanics' Pavilion in
a few months.
Arrangements were perfected for taking
charge of the bootns. Mrs. John Mulher
presided. Mayor Phelan put in an appear
ance and Bpone of the purpose for which
the fair will be held.
It was decided to have special booths of
the following character: Irish relics booth,
paper booth, where Irish newspapers will
be sold; soda ana icecream booths, tea
garden, map of Ireland booth, souvenir
booth. Sir Walter Raleigh plantation,
rocky road to Dublin, art booth, Dewey
booth and a tile booth.
The following were appointed on the
executive committee: Mrs. C. B. Flannl
gan, chairwoman Mrs. Nellie Sullivan,
secretary; W. C. Dean, Miss Josie Mol
loy. Mrs. W. B. Hooper, Mrs. J. Gon
zales, Mrs. John Pettie. Mrs. J. O.
Shaugnessy, Mrs. J. S. Young, Mrs. Sam
uel McFadden.
On Tuesday night the executive com
mittee will meet at the Phelan building
in conjunction with the representatives of
the various booths.
Mclaughlin at home.
A Royal Reception Tendered the
Major by His Friends.
It was a busy toy for Major Frank Mc-
Laughlin at the Republican State Cen
tra. Committee rooms yesterday after
noon. The major did not arrive in town
until 2 o'clock yesterday morning Jh ac
count of five hours' delay of the overland
train. There was a contingent of poli
ticians and old friends at the Palace
awaiting him even at that late hour and
this shortened the major's rest so much
that his usual exuberance of fine health
gave way yesterday to the physical fa
tigue which follows a long and hard trip.
But the reception that Major McLaugh
11 n had bestowed upon him when he en
tered the committee rooms did much to
restore his customary good spirits. The
rooms were decorated with gay colors
and garlands and wreaths. The glad
dening handshake and good wishes of all
his brothers in politics, those who re
ceived appointments and those who hope
for some to come, filled the air. The
splendid photograph of the major in his
light clothes was enwreathed in a cir
cle of sweet peas and he was happy.
Major McLaughlln did not have much
to say about his trip other than that It
was a private one with a little pudllc
business on the sifle.
NEW FREIGHT RATES.
The Big Advance in Tariff a Blow to
Jobbers.
The proof sheets of the new westbound
tariff rates were received by the various
railway freight agents Thursday, and
they show a general Increase throughout
the list. The average advance is about
25 per cent, but for some comoditiea It is
doubled.
The big advances are made on hard
ware, dry goods, clothing, paper and
kindred commodities. The rates in
classes have been signally altered. The
first class rate is now $3 in the place of
the old at $2 40 per hundred; second class
$2 60 for $2 15; third class $2 20 for $2;
fourth class $1 90 for $170; class B $125
for $1 10.
The eastbound rates are practically un
changed. The jobbers and business houses
of the town obtaining their goods from
the East will feel this change in freight
tariffs very severely. The new rates will
go into eeffct June 25.
WERE WINED AND DINED.
Dr. Kindleberger and Gunner Evans
of the Olynipia and Boston Guests
of Henry F. Fortmann.
There was a very enjoyable lunch party
at the San Francisco Club yesterday. The
host was Henry F. Fortmann and the
guests were Dr. Charles P. Kindleberger
of the cruiser Olympla. Gunner Joel C.
Evans of the Boston. Judge F. W. Hen-
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 11, 1898.
Shaw, W. B. Hamilton and Charles
Hirsch. Dr. Kindleberger and Gunner
Evans are just back from Manila, and
have thrilling stories to tell of Dewey's
glorious victory in the Philippines. Need
less to say that Mr. Fortmann made an
ideal host and that the lunch was thor
oughly enjoyed by the guests.
Dr. Kindleberger and Gunner Evans
leave for the East to-day.
MBS. BURBANK WINS.
Another Side Issue of the Walkerley
Estate Is Settled.
One of the many side issues of the con
test In the matter of settling the estate
of the deceased Oakland millionaire, Wil
liam Walkerley, was passed upon yester
day by the Supreme Court. It was in
the appealed case of H. C. Firebaugh
against Mrs. Blanche M. Burbank and
others. When Walkerley died he left the
larger part of his estate with his nephews,
Bacon and Barker, as executors of the
trust. The widow was not satisfied with
the arrangement of the trust and she
contested the will in the Superior Court,
and when the case was appealed to the
higher tribunal the court declared the
trust to be void. This left the nephews
and their attorney, Firebaugh, out in the
cold, so to speak, but the widow, who has
since become Mrs. Burbank. agreed to
make a donation to them. She made an
allowance to them for services, etc.. of
$21,000, and gave' Firebaugh a note for
$10,500, and under the terms S(rs. Burbank
agreed to pay the same out of the estate
in monthly installments of $500.
No payment was ever made and the at
torney began an action to recover the
value of the note. In her answer Mrs.
►Burbank recited that no sufficient con
sideration had ever been given for the
note and that it had been obtained by
threats, duress and fraud. She won in
the lower court, and yesterday the Judg
ment of that tribunal was sustained by
the Supreme Court, which held that no
agreement of the nature stated could be
made by parties to an estate without an
order of the Probate Court in which the
estate was placed for settlement. Also
that there was no segregation nor count
in the account upon which the debt had
accrued, nor statement as to whether the
debt was for a commission or extraordi
nary services.
For Stealing Beer Faucets.
James JohnFon was yesterday sen
tenced to six months In the County Jail
by Judge Low for stealing about 350 beer
faucets from breweries. The junk deal
ers who purchased the faucets were in
court and the Judge told them that they
must have known that the articles were
stolen and warned them that if they were
not more careful he would instruct the
police to arrest them for receiving stolen
goods.
SPREAD OF YELLOW
JACK IN THE SOUTH.
Senator Bacon Advises the President
to Have Troops Removed From
the Contagion.
WASHINGTON, June 10.— 'ihere is
some apprehension here over the out
break of seven cases of yellow fever at
McHenry, Miss., and steps have been
taken not only to check the spread of
the fever there, but to prevent any
possibility of an epidemic in the £3outh.
Senator Bacon of Georgia had a con
ference with the President to-day con
cerning the reported yellow fever in the
South. Senator Bacon advised the Pres
ident to see to it at once that the
United States forces in the South be re
moved from the region of contagion,
either by sending them to Cuba and
Porto Rico, or by removing the per
manent camps from the lowlands to
higher elevations. The whole matter
has been referred by the President to
Surgeon General W'yman, with instruc
tions to make a report upon it at the
earliest possible moment.
Surgeon General Wyman said to
day: "Ordinarily if we had not been
on the lookout these cases might have
been progressing for a long period
without being recognized. But there
is hope now, in view of their prompt
discovery, that the spread will be pre
vented."
JACKSON, Miss.. June 10.—Tele
grams received from McHenry to-day
say the seven cases of yellow fever
there are progressing favorably. The
State Board of Health has derided to
quarantine the entire erulf coast pend
ing: an invsetigratlon, their action being
the same as that taken by the Louisi
ana authorities.
MOBILE. Ala., June 10.— The Mobile
Board of Health has quarantined
against the entire gulf coast.
NOMINATIONS AND
CONFIRMATIONS
Tlie Senate Approves of Several Se
lections for Officers of
Volunteers.
WASHINGTON, June 10.— The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to
the Senate: George A. Mackenzie, to be
Receiver of Public Moneys at StocKTon
Cal.; F. W. King, to be Receiver of Pub
lic Moneys at Wakeeney, Kas. ; Freder
ick A. Wing, to be Assayer in charge of
the Assay Office at Seattle, Wash.
The Senate in executive sesion to-day
confirmed a long list of nominations, in
cluded the following:
Military— To be brigadier general,
Charles P. Mattacks of Maine and Mark
W. Sheaf of South Dakota; to be captain
in the signal corps, Charles S. Connor of
Missouri; to be additional paymaster.
Thomas A. Cummings of Montana;
to be assistant adjutant general, with the
rank of major, William Cook Daniels of
Colorado; to be commissaries of subsist
ence, with the rank of captain. Edward
W. Hurlbut of Colorado and Charles E.
Golden of Wyoming.
Civil— To be Registers, George W.
Hayes at Burns, Or., and J. P. Lucas at
The Dalles, Or.; to be Receivers, Samuel
O. Swackhammer at La Grande, Or., and
Oris Patterson at The Dalles, Or.
THE STERLING WRECKED
ON A BERING REEF
Passengers and Crew of the Unfortu
nate Ship Rescued by the
Schooner Jrolar Bear.
SEATTLE, June 10.— Latest advices
from the north indicate that the ship
Sterling has gone to pieces on a reef in
Bristol Bay, Bering Sea. She ran aground
on May 20, and in two days was almost a
total wreck.
The Sterling was for a long time a fast
coal carrier beteween Seattle and San
Francisco. Later she was engaged to
carry supplies and workmen to the can
neries in Alaska. She left San Fran
cisco on April 27, having on board 175 men,
of whom 150 were Chinese.
After the accident the schooner Polar
Bear went to the rescue of the Sterling
and took aboard all the passengers and
crew.
Score of the Wheelmen.
BALTIMORE, June 10.— Chairman Mott
of the L. A. W. racing board has issued
this bulletin:
The following li the score In the national
championship: Gardiner, 81: Cooper, IB; Bald
10; O. Stevens, 9; Eaton, »; Tom Duller 8*
Mertens. 8; Bowler, 7; McFarland, 4; Mai^r
Taylor, 4; Dr. Brown, 4; H. W. Freeman, 4.
Nat Butler, 3; Klser, 3; Becker, 2; Bourotte %
C. M. Bly, 2; H. B. Hills Jr., 1; WaUon Cols
man, 1.
Delegates in an Uproar.
CHICAGO, June 10.— At the convention
of Social Democrats to-day the treasurer,
James Hogan, presented his report. Ho
gan accused his predecessors in office of
incompetence or worse. The delegates in
an uproar demanded that Secretary Kelll
her be given a chance to answer the
charges in writing when they were pre
sented in writing.
Wheelman Ziegler Retires.
SAN JOSE, June 10.— Otto Ziegler has
withdrawn from the League of American
Wheelmen and from racing altogether
and retired to private life to go into a
mercantile business in this city.
Alice Bix
writes about
"The Men They Left Behind Them,"
in next Sunday's Call.
A GLANCE AT
REAL ESTATE
Condition of the Market
the Past Week.
MANY LARGE SALES MADE
A REPORT FOR MAY IS REN
DERED BY THOMAS MAGEE.
A General Review of the Records,
Building Contracts, Recent
Sales and Realty
Notes.
The condition of the local real estate
market is still undergoing a rapid
change for the better, and the
prospect of the brokers for the
immediate future is gradually be
coming more encouraging. Large sales
are becoming more frequent and many
of more than ordinary importance were
negotiated during the past week, both In
the country and the city.
The largest local transaction of the past
week was the 6ale of the property situ
ated at the corner of Jackson and San
some streets, formerly owned by J. E.
Groson, being sold through the agency of
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag. The lot extends
thirty feet on Jackson and sixty on San
some street, and erected upon it is a
three-story and basement brick building.
The price obtained was $16,000.
The principal sale negotiated In the
country waa that by the McAfee Bros.
In the interests of ex-United States Mar
shal Franks, comprising 2332 acres of the
Bradford Tract, near Brentwood, Contra
Costa County, at a cost of $25,000. The
property was disposed of by the J. Pierce
Company, P. C. Frank, the estate of H.
M. Leinard and F. J. Brandon, assignee.
The new owner will commence at once
the work of reclaiming the land, which
consists principally of swamp land. The
estimated cost of this work is between
$30,0w) and $40,000.
Another sale of considerable importance
was the disposal of 3*34 acres of overflow
land on Sherman Island to J. M. Ipham
for the aggregate price of $22,000. K. B.
Pond, as the executor of the estate of
K. 1. Upham, was the seller.
The total number of real estate sales
for the month of May Is reported by
Thomas Magee as 221. aggregating a total
value of $i*n,l! | 2. According to tne same
authority 300 mortgages and trust deeds
were recorded, amounting to $1,043,& id,
while the releases and reconveyances
passed to record the entire month
numbered IS>l, amounting in value to
$707,810. The total value of building con
tracts for the same period was $292,814.
REVIEW OF RECORDS
During the week there were eighty-three
mortgages and trust deeds recorded, amount
ing to $189,608. Fur the same period sixty-one
releases and reconveyances passed to record In
the total sum of 1232,176.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds were
as follows:
By the Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society
to the Congregation Obabai Shalome, $13,950,
(or one year at l i per cent, on property In
Western Addition Block 198. situated on the
south line of Bush street. 55 feet easterly from
Laguna, east 60 by south 137:6; by the San
Francisco Savings Union to Frank H. Hodge,
$0000 on property in Mission Block 116, situated
on the nortnwesterly line of Market street
115:4V4 northeast of Castro, northeast 25 by
northwest 80; by the Savings and Loan So
ciety to William and Fannie M. Rabe and Fan
nie L. Allebd*r (Rabe). $12,560 on property .In
60-vara Blocks 70 and 161, situated respectively
on the southerly line of Clay street, 60 feet
west of Montgomery, west 30 by south 59:9, and
the northwest corner of Clay street and Wet
more place, west 24:3 by north 60; by the La
Societe Francaise to Esther Attell, $7000 for
two years at 7 per cent on property In Western
Addition .Block 64, situated on the northerly
line of Golden Cate avenue, 109 feet - easterly
• from Van Ness avenue, , east 25 by north 120;
by the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
Daniel B. ' T! nkley, $18,000 for one year at 6-,
per cent on property in the One Hundred Block
330, situated on the southwesterly line of Main
street, 137:6 southeasterly from Mission, south
east 45 by southwest 137:6; by the Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society to Leopold Kutner,
$5500 for one year at 6 1 *, per cent on property
on the northwest corner of O'Farrell and La
guna streets, west 26 by north 24:4; by the
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Enewald
Peterson or Petersen SSOOO for one year at 6Vj
per cent on property In the One Hundred Block
418. situated on the northeasterly line of Ninth
street, 96 feet northwesterly from Bryant,
northwest 70, northeast 112, southeast 75, south
west 27, northwest 75, southwest 85; by the
German Savings end Loan Society to James
and Catherine E. Spiers, $7000 for one year at
7 per cent on property in the One Hundred
Block 326 and Western Addition Block 275. situ
ated respectively on the southwesterly line ■of
Spear street, 183:4 feet southeast from Howard,
southeast 45:10 by southwest 137:6, and the
northerly line of Post street, 165 feet westerly
from Buchanan west 40 by north 137:6.
The principal releases and reconveyances
were recorded as follows: From the Hibernia'
Savings and Loan Society to p. O. Druffel,
$9000 on property in the 50-vara Blocks 193 and
304, situated respectively on the southwest cor
ner of Bush and Mason streets, west 42:6 by
south 82:6, and the southwest corner of Clay
and Hyde streets; west 60 by south 64: from the
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to F. H.
Druffel, $29,000 on property in 50-vara Blocks
198, 304 and 193, situated respectively on the
• southwest corner of . Bush and Mason streets,
west 42:6 by south 82:6. the southwest corner of
Clay and Hyde streets, south 60 by west 64,
and the southwest corner of Bush and Mason
streets, west 42 ;6 by south 82:6; from the West
School Company to James M. Jackson, $24,000
on nroperty In western Addition Block 50. situ
ated on the easterly line of Van Ness avenue,
67 feet north of Jackson street, north 60:8% by
east 123; from the German Ravings and Loan
Society to Elena F. and Minnie O'Farrell,
$15,000 on property ,in Western Addition Block
78, situated on the southwest corner of Turk
street and Van Ness avenue, south 60 by west
109:9; from the Hlbernla Savings and Loan So
ciety to James McCloskey, $14,000 on property
In 50-vara Block 151, situated on the north
westerly line of Howard street, 99:3/4 feet
southwest of Fifth, southwest 35:9H by north
west 80; from the. Home Investment Associa
tion to James O'Connor. $10,000 on property In
Mission Block 57, situated on the southeast cor
ner of Howard and Nineteenth streets, south
65 by east 122:6; from Thomas U. Sweeney to
George W. Hopkins, $15,000 on property situ
ated on the southwest corner of Eighth and J
streets, west 240 by south 600.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Southeast corner of California and Battery-
Removal of old brick work, and all other work
except plumbing, painting, electrical work,
etc., to top story;: owner. Grays Harbor Com
mercial Company; architect, N. Blaisdell; con
tractors, Hawkins & Lindsay; cost. .sllß4.
Southerly line of Broadway, 103:6 feet easter
ly from Webster, east 84 by south 132:7 1 ,4—
work for a two-story frame dwelling: owner,
Julius Gall; architects, Percy & Hamilton;
contractor, F. H. Mason; ' cost, $3485.
Northerly line of Broadway. 68:9 feet west of
Dupont, north 89 by west 25 by south 20 by
west 2 by south 69 by east Carpentry,
wrought and castiron work, . plastering, paint
ing, etc., for a two-story frame building; own
er. Annie Jennings and Isabella , Flower: ar
chitect, Jules Godart; contractors, Hawkins
& Lindsay; cost. $2525. -
- Northeast corner of Second and Mission,
northeast 112 by southeast 160— All cabinet work
for a six-story brick building; owners. Wells
Fargo & Co.; architects. Percy ■ & ■ Hamilton
contractors, W. ■T. & R. M. Veltch; : cost, $14,
800. * .■■*.,* '■: ■■■■: * : ,*,-
Northeast corner of "Sansome and Bush—Ad
ditional story to the Murphy building; owner
Murphy. Grant & Co.; architect. Prank S. Van
Trees; cost. $25,000. . : . ■.■.-.;;?•.
On the northeasterly line of Stewart. 183:4
feet northwest of Mission, northwest 46:10 by
northeast 137:6— ; brick work, : terra cotta,
flue linings, etc., for a three-story brick build
ing; owner, John F. Boyd; architects. ; McDou
gall Bros.; contractor, O. .E. Brady & Son
cost, $7540. - •■■-•■ ■'■■■■•' a:.a ' : '. *■ ••>""■ '■"■■ :.■■■■
Northwest corner of Van Ness avenue and
Post street, west 109:9 by north 120— All work
for alterations to a*. two-story frame dwelling
owner. Mrs. vA. E. '■■'. Hecht; ■-? architect. '■ J. E.
Krafft; contractor, 8. C. Murray; cost, $1089.
- Northerly line of Ellis, 165 feet west of
Franklin, - west - 27:6 iby north 137:6— A1l work
except ; plumbing, painting '. and Incandescent
lighting for a three-story. frame building; own
ers, Rose and June Lazarus; architects. Salfleld
& Kohlberg; contractor. H. T. Grleb; cost,
* 521 °- OUT OF TOWN.
Decoto, Alameda County— All work for a
two-story brick building; owners. Ma
sonic Orphans" Home: architect. \V. H. Llllle
contractor. R. P. Hurlbut; cost, $18,306.
Oakland— Arrangements are being made by
E. R. Tutt, the hardware man. for the erec
tion of a building on Thirteenth street near
Washington. A building is to be erected by
Albert Brown on the lot adjoining. The build
ings will coet about $13,000.
Pleasanton— John Haar of Haywards has se
cured the contract for the construction of the
new Fairmount Hotel. Work will commence
on the new building as soon as possible.
Independence— Henry Levy will in a short
time commence some Improvements on his hotel
property. A second story will be added and
other alterations made.
Madera— The executive committee of tha Ma
dera County Chamber of Commerce, together
with a number of taxpayers, met with the
Trustees of Madera School District recently
and advocated the erection of a brick school
building: to replace the one which was burned
down. The board decided to accept t^ie plans
submitted by B. G. McDougall of Bakersfleld.
which call for a brick building and can be
erected for $8000. Bids will be advertised for.
RANDOM ; NOTES. -. /
The contract for the erection : of the J. R.
Whitney building, on the northerly line of Mar
ket street/ between Mason and Taylor, has been
awarded to Z. O. Field of San Jose for $13,140.
An elevator will be constructed in the Pa
cific Mutual building: on the northeast corner of
Montgomery and Sacramento streets at a cost
of $ssr.o. ■'.- .' :-..,; -. .: .";,■•• .. ...
A. E. Buckingham has opened a real estate
office at 26 Montgomery street.
. The Burnham & Marsh Company has . re
moved ;- from 62S Market street to 20 Mont
gomery,, where it has leased the ground 'floor
of the building from the Goldstein ■ estate for
five years.';:. .., ;.. .
Calvin Knickerbocker has sold his three flats
en the north line of Page street. 56:3 west of
Cole, and. the lot.. 25x100. to Joseph . Rosenzweig
for $Sf-CO. Hooker & Lent were the brokers. ■
Work will be commenced the latter part of
this week on the erection of a three-story frame
building. 'to contain three -flats, on Filbert
street, between Taylor and Jones. The- owner
is John Doelger. The 1 cost .of the building .is
estimated at -$5500..
Contracts aggregating nearly $50,000 have
been awarded for ■ remodeling the two-story
brick factory building owned by .T. "W. Mackny
rind J. L. Flood and »ltll»ted on the north
west corner of Seventh and Townsend streets.
ATTACKS ON SMALL BOYS.
Peter Joyce, a Mechanic, Convicted
and Michael Healey, a Team
ster, Arrested.
Peter Joyce, a mechanic, was convict
ed by Judge Mogan yesterday of battery
upon a bootblnck 10 years of age. He met
the boy in a saloon on Pacific street
Thursday and because he looked like a
Spaniard struck him a blow on the jaw,
knocking him down. Before he could
again strike the boy bystanders inter
fered and held him until a policeman ar
rived. He will be sentenced to-day.
Michael Healey, an old teamßter, was
arrested yesterday morning by Policeman
McMurray on a warrant charging him
with battery. Last Saturday Healey was
on Turk street, between Jones and Leav
enworth, with his wagon and some boys
laughed at something he did. He struck
at them with his whip and Inflicted an
ugly cut on the cheek and ear of Keith
Norman, 4 years of age, whose parents
live at 210 Turk street.
Sweet Peas in Profusion.
The State Floral Society entertainment
at 234 Sutter street yesterday was well
appreciated by lovers of flowers. It was
a special sweet pea exhibition and a lec
ture by Lester L. Morse of Santa Clara,
who illustrated his remarks by frequent
references to the long tables covered with
the flowers named. The purpose of the
occasion was to demonstrate the improve
ment of the variety and compare the new
varieties with the old. The flowers were
placed on two tables in the form of a
huge cross, and every shade and color
known could be found in the 80 varieties
exhibited. The attendance was large, and
the remarks of Mr. Morse were listened
to with much interest.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no change of any consequence in
mining stocks.
The Union Consolidated assessment falls de
linquent In board to-day.
In local securities Oceanic Steamship de
clined to $61 and Hawaiian Commercial ad
vanced to $23.
The Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company
has declared a* regular monthly dividend of 25
cents per share, payable June 15th.
The Pacific and Sunset telephone and tele
graph companies will pay their regular month
ly dividends on June lfith.
The Natoma Vineyard Company paid a reg
ular monthly dividend of 5 cents per share yes
terday.
In the Standard Consolidated mine for the
week ending June 4th the various upraises,
drifts and crosscuts In which explorations are
being made all made good progress on the ISO,
200 318, 880, 470 and 582 foot levels In the Ne>».
Security, Bullion, East, Main, Standard, Sta
tion No. 10 and Fortuna ledges. There is little
change m the condition of the mine, which
continues to look well. The usual amount of
ore was stoped from the New, Security, Moyle,
No. 10, Black, Magulre and Fortuna ledges on
the several levels. A small quantity of high
grade ore is being extracted on the 336 foot
level.
Standard Mill statement — Ore crushed for the
week, 213% tons; assay value vanner tailings.
$6 41 per ton; concentrates produced, 2 tons;
assay value, $109 71; amalgam produced, 787%
troy ounces; valup per ounce, $2 13. Tailings
plant No. 1 treated 526 tons tailings for the
week; plant No. 2 treated 204 tons tailings.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, June 10—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.. llo 110% Pac Gas Imp. 86% —
4s quar reg....107 10774 Pac L Co — 50
4s quar new... 121 121% 8 F O & E. .. S7Vi 88%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% Z%
Tal-st Cab 65. 114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
."'ill Xl i'.s 126 — Insurance—
D C Wat 5a. ..101 — Flrem's Fund. lßs —
! Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks-
El L & P Ca..127«4 — Anglo-Cal .... 56 65
F& Cl Ry 68.1134 — Bank of Ca1..243 245%
3eary-st R ss. — 98 Cal 8D A T.. 97% 99
HC & S 6%5..100 105 First Nat ....202421?
L A L Co 6b. — 100 Lon P & A... 128 —
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 6a.. 126 — Nev Nat 8.... 1524160
Do Ist M 55..1134U4 Savings Banks
eat Vln 6« Ist — 97% Ger S & L..1560 —
NTN T CNO Ry75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 1074 — Mutual Say. — 424
N Ry Cal 55.. 100% — 8 F Say U.. — 600
NPC R R 55.1014 — 3 & L 50.... — 100
Dak Gas 65. ...100 — Security S B 250 —
Do 2d 1b 55.. 109 111 Union T Co. looo —
I Ora Ry 6s 124 — Street Railroad—
j P & O 6s 1084 — California ....1074108
! P & Cl Ry 65. 10914112 Geary 40 —
Powell-st «5...118 120 Market-st .... 634 64
Reno "VL,&L..100 — Presidio 6 84
Sac Elecßyos.loo — Powder—
SF& N F 55.107%108 California ....125 160
PlerraACal 6s. — 10.1 E Dynamite... 85 —
S P of Ar 65.. 105 105% Giant Con Co. 4514 4«
S r Cal 65.... — IIS Vlgorit — 3ft
SPC 1b eg: 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
SPBr 6s 1114118 Al Pae Assn.. 94 94»4
S V Wat 65. ..116 117 Gen Ld Wks..llo —
B V Wat 45...101%101% Hana P C 0.... 114 1J
Stock Gas 65.. — 108 H C & S Co.. 22% 23
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49 % 504
Contra Costa.. 55 574 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln Co 60 - Nat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 90% 994 Oceanic S Co. 60% 61
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... 14 2\i
Tent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0... .101 —
\iut»ial El Co. — 11% i Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 48 50 |
Morning Session.
25 Oceanic S 8 Co 82 75
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 49 87%
25 do do b 10 50 00
35 Spring Valley Water cash 99 374
100 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 22 50
200 do do 22 75
175 do do 22 62%
130 Hana Plantation Co 12 00
6S F Gas & Electric Co 87 50
Street—
50 Hana Plantation Co 12 00
18000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s bonds 101 00
125 Market-street Railway Co 53 50
Afternoon Session
80 Giant Powder Con 45 25
25 do do 45 37V4
75 do do 45 50
40 do do 45 75
SO do do 46 00
60 Spring Valley Water b 10 99 50
15 do do 99 50
150 Hawaiian Com A Sugar Co 23 00
100 do do 22 57%
20 Oceanic 8 S Co 62 00
75 do do 6100
205 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 00
$2000 8 F & N P Ry bonds 107 76
Street—
115 Hutchlnson S P Co 60 00
100 Hawaiian Com & Sugar Co 22 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
80 Giant Powder 45 75
10 Spring Valley Water 99 50
10 do do 99 25
20 S F Gaa & Electric Co 87 26
Afternoon Session
40 Market-street Railway Co Xl 50
Street—
6 Ooeanlo 8 8 Co 62 76
MINING BTOCKS.
Following were the salea In th« San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 E;lcher 08 20 43
200 Brst & Belchr.. 20 300 40
100 Challenge 19 500 Ophlr 19
100 Caledonia 24! 300 Savage 05
100 Con Cal & Va.. 4111010 Union Con 07
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 07 100 26
300 Best & Belchr.. IS 650 Savage 05
400 Con Cal & Va.. 8n 400 Sierra Nevada.. 66
50 «v 10 57
100 Confidence 35 600 Union Con 06
50 Crown Point ... 09 250 L tah 06
100 Gould & Curry.. 13 100 Yellow Jacket... 18
200 Ophlr 87
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alpha 03|250 Hale & Norcrss. 80
600 02|lOO 81
300 Belcher OS'IOO 28
200 Best & Belchr.. 21 1000 Overman 07
300 Challenge 20!«00Potosi U
150 19 500 Sierra Nevada.. 57
300Chollar 09 400 66
700 OS 2100 Union Con .... 06
200 Con Cal * Va.. 40 600 otah 05
600 Crown Point ... 10' TOO Yellow Jacket.. 20 j
200 Ouhlr 291200 18 1
Afternoon Session.
300 Andes 07 800 Mexican 14
1500 Belcher 07 200 Ophir 27
200 Best & Belchr.. 18 300 26
300 17 300 Savage 06
300 16 300 Sierra Nevada... 56
400 Chollar OS 200 55
400 09 3f>o 53
600 Con OU & Va. 3j 200 54
300 Crown Point ... 09 ",00 Union Con 06
200 Gould & Curry.. 14 400 Yellow Jacket.. IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, June 10 — I p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Julia — 02
Alta 06 07 Justice 06 07
Andes 05 07 Kentuck — 06
Belcher 06 07 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton 04 — Mexican 12 13
Best & Belchr. 16 17 Occidental 65 —
Bullion 03 04 Ophir 26 27
Caledonia 20 21 Overman 06 06
Chollar — OS Potosi 09 10
Challenge 18 19 Ravage o,"> 06
Con Cat & Va. 37 3S Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Confidence 35 40 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 54 55
Crown Point ..09 in Silver Hill .... — OS
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — on
Eureka — 2fl Standard 165165
Exchequer — 03 .Union Con 05 OS
Gould & Curry. 12 13 Utah 04 05
Hale & Norors SO 82 -Yellow Jacket. 17 18
/^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/Uk^Jill 625KEAKXYST. Established
bW*7F»3»\ in 1554 for the treatment of Private
fTniLnu'TMsi I )isPH S'*s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
{wW«R disease weßrtngon bodyand mind and
£wnMgJjS skin Dli Pases. The doctorcures when
bSbhSSBEI ntlleis^ a " - Try him. Charges' low.
soksHoSbb f'nre»(ruaraniprd. Callorwrite.
Or. *. *■'. ulltBON, Box. 1957, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PHEPmaiffl The S. S. MOAN A
lLßH||.s,ii].H via Honolulu and
I* K| 8 ""* Auckland for Sydney
g| , -^ — l- Wednesday, June 15,
(s±sr L* A at 2p. m. ' ■
r?Ir!/i[lNllD The sailing for Hono-
CyiKIIIIJIIIU ivi v i v June 2 9 Is can-
(omnantuceied.
VS" l r / Line to COOLGAR-
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN, South
Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
- 114 Montgomery it.
Freight office — Market St., Ban Franclsca
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
' Steamers leave Broadway
yWbi t wharf, San Francisco.
|69«g9^ ' or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
5 HPfOks^ June E. 10 15 20. 25, 30 July 5
' K.lbß^bV^ transfer at Seattle.
I gj^^W ill For Alaskan ports (from
f KngßM*4S£il Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r^^Es|SBM June 5, 2G, July 17, August 4,
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m.. June 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, July 5, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company' 8 steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
June 1, 7, 13. 19, 26, July 1, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavuros, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Ga'vlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro ! (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2, 6, 10, 14. IS, 22, 26, 30,
July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los 'Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., June 4, 8. 12. 16. 20, 24. 28, July 2, and
every, fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, ' La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., June 17,
July 2.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar'i >imirnof patliner.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARE SI2 First Class Including Berth
I MilL .<SB Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia .....June 6, 14, 23
State of California June 8, 17, 2*
Oregon June 11, 20. 29 I
St. Paul ....$l6 Oo|St. Louis $32 00 |
Kansas City .... 26 001 Chicago .... .-....}. 27 60 '
Omaha 26 001 New York ........ 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market it.
GOOD Alii. PERKINS & CO..
• Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantics,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier '(new), 42 North
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers 4£jFffirV\
by this line avoid both transit by ■*■«■!
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, first-class, $160;
second-class, $116.
i LA GASCOGNE June 18, 10 a. m
LA BRETAGNH June 25. 10 a. m.
LA 80URG0GNE....... July 2. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE ....July 9. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE.. .....July 16. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent,
No. 1 3 Bowling Green, New York.
' J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. A rents. 6 Montgomery
»ye., San Francisco. '
I 1 UccJllßMbwvßSMlpUlV^^pVtfkMfllSßF
"iM?iai ft Vi K'ctCiH !J VffP HtVsll l\\ »|
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck.... June 30 A. Victoria August 11
F. Bismarck.... July 28 F. Bismarck.. August 25
TWIN-SCREW passenger SERVICE,
new YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pennsylvania... June 251 Pretoria ....July 9
Palatia..... July 2|Patrla ....... July 16
Hamburg-American Line, 87 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California st., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello." .
Men., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. : 2:16 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs )
Fridays .....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier J.
Telephone Red 2241.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
KNICKERBOCKER
IV SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN—
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO ~
New York,
Boston,
Montreal,
Buffalo,
Indianapolis)
Cincinnati,
Washington.
-- Finest and fastest regular . train between
Mississippi River and Eastern : Seashore over j
greatest system of transportation In the i
world— -the Vanderbllt Lines. ' - - -
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls. Wash-
ington, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Spring?.
This train allows half day's stop In St. Louis ■■
and goes Into the only depot "In • New York |
City. - :■■- ■/ ■ ■ •■•■*-■.--■•
C. W. GREEN,
- Traveling Pass' r Agent., Kansas City. Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAD,
Traveling Passenger Agent, Dallas. Tex.
WM. P. DEPPE,
Ass't Gen; l Passenger Agt.. St. Louis. Mo.
__ _ j
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
1 ; Via Sausalito Ferry. •
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1888.
! WEEK DAYS.
Kor Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. ,*8:00.
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; »1:46. »:20, 4:00. 6:15. •«:(».
6:30 p. m. ;■ <■"■•■:■■ -. '■ ■:>■"■"■ :■ : ' : ■ ;
■ Extra ' trips •■ for Ban Rafael ,on Mondays,
Wednesdays, ; Saturdays and Sunday* at . 11:30
p. m. ■ -■■-■ : ■ SUNDAI'B. .•'.:-.■.■.'■■,-■
BUNDA x'B.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •9:00.
•10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. «1:45. »2:SO. 4:00,
5:30. 6:46 p. m. ; -.>--'-
. 11:00 a. -m. does not run ; to San Rafael '
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. - m.' week days : (Sat. Tomales and
r way stations. ; . ; ,-
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'n. 1
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. -■■;. (Via Sausalito Ferry.) .
Leave San Francisco, , commencing May I.
; Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. -
Sundays— 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
1:80 p. m. -•■■.'■■■ ■■■- - .:•.-. ■-■ -r . - ■ .. -
Round trip from Mill Valley, It
VHOB. COOK iA t SON, ; Ag«»*- ; «1 Marcet
street. San. Francisco. . . \ '
AUCTION SALES.
35 SAFES, SCALES AND TOOLS.
TO-DAY (SATURDAY), at 11 a. m.
102 CLAY ST., COR. DRUMM.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market st.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
MOUTIIKII.M. I»A«>MNKi i:<»MI"ANT.
(FAOirfC NVMTKM.)
I Trnlna leave iiinl'nr«.du« <» »rrl¥« »•
SAN rMMiiMMI.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
I lbave - From June 1. 1898. - arkivb
•6:00 a Niles. San joso aud Way St itions... •^'J'}*
7:00 a Benicia, Siusau »nd Sacramento.... »■•■»»*
7:«Oa M»rrg»ille, Orovilleaml Keddiug Tl»
Woo.llaud :.. ••• s :lir: 1ir
7:00 a Vaoaviile and Rnmscy.. '•■"",
7:3« a Martinez, San lUmon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calutoga ami Santa Kosa.... 2.2 P
S:OOa Atlantic ISxpreM, Ogilwi and Kast.. »'« »
»«a«A Niles, San .lose. Stockton, lone.
r-'^: >Saoraineato, M»ry»Tille, Chioo.
TchamaaudKe.l Itiuir ,1,5 X ■
•8:S0a Vutere, Milton, 0akda1e....... • "<«»*>'
Ut««A New Orle:iiis Ki|>reo, Merced, Kres-
no, llakersliel.l. Sautu lUrliara,
■I** 'AuKoltx.' I>einii.K, ■ l'a«<>. ■ •
New Orleans and K:ist 2 ! r!; p
I O:«O a Vallfjo, Martinez and Way Stations ' : **/
I M:»Oi-S»crai,ien'.. Iliver 5teamy......... ."•". l !? l>
8.-U1 Jose, Nileiiaad Way Stations... I»slsa
aiOUi- Li»ermore, Slerdota, llanford and
VUalia ■■• * jls^
Lm/nnore, Ban Jose, Nilea »nd Way _/__
Stations J l2 : !£*
Fresno, Yosemlte, Merced, Martiuex I » **
4:«»r Martinez, San lUiiion. Vallejo,
Napii, Calistoga, l'".l Verano and
' Santa 9il»*
' 4iOOr Benicia. VaoaTllle, Woodland,
/-'V>-.- . Knights Lauding. Marysvllle, Oro-
Tille and Sauiitiiientd : 15*
4i3Op Nlles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:l»f
4:30p StocktoD, I^>di, Oakdale (James-
.■ - ■ town for Yosemits), Merced ..... 12«l»r
f :3«»P LatUrop, Modesto. Merced. Berend*
;t (Raymond for Yosemite), Fresno,
~ Mojave, Santa Barbara and Los
, : t ■ Augeles...... 7i«a
4i»or Santa Fe Uoute, Atlantic KipreM
, for Mojafe and Kast ". *****
C:OOr Kuropeau Mall, Ogileu and Kast oi43a
•«iOOr Vallejo 18l !? p
atOOrllaTvrariui, Nil. « an.l San. Tog 7i4t>A
}7:OOp Vallejo, Port Oosta and Way Sta-
tions J»:4»»
SiOOp Oregon Hacramento, Marys-
Vllle, Ile.l.llng. Portland, l'liget _
Boinulan.llU.it StlOA
SAN UUllltßO AMI lUYVVAUUS LOCAL.
!_• (Foot of Market Street.)
~ r " 1 ifplrONO, Scmlnarj I'ark, ( .' : A "
*«OOA FltchiMr K ,Kliiiliiir«t, '!»:|^
iXt San U.ndro, Son«h S»» \«l*%*
<M-Xoa Leandro, KMtudillo, SmSv
♦ I3:"««m ' ; Loremo, Cherry ' d:i"»r
i»*:OOp »"<! J2:4.1p
»:OOp lUjnard*. 15:43r
7:00p { Runs through to Niles. »:43r
J t From Niles. I .
1 COAST DIVISION (NnrroiT »J»nire).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Sauta Cruz
aDd Principal Way Stations ... ... i»*<> s »
8i 18a Newark. Ceuterville.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations Bi3op
*Stl3r Newark, Oenterville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «1O:5«a
4:1(Ip Baa Jose, Olenwood ft Way Stations 9:20 a.
<»4ilsp Boulder Creek and Saota Prut...... jW:«"A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmStK KRiSOISCO— Foot a. Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:0i)a.M. }l:00 *2:00 t3:00
•1:00 15:00 *6:00 p.«.
01IUID— Foet »f Bretdwij.— 6:oo 9:00 I0:00l.M.
112:00 »l:00 t2:00 »3:00 11:00 *8:O0r.M.
COAST IH VISION ( Broad Uauge).
(Third and Townsend St«.)
. •7:«Oa Sail Jose ami Way .Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only). l:3«r
'}7i3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
: Santa* Cruz, Padfio Grove and
Principal Way Stations l»t*3r
»:OOa Han Jose, Tree I'inos, Santa Crux,
-Paolric Orpre, Paso Unblea, Han
Luis ()lilrt|..>. Guadalupe, Surf anil
Principal Way Stations 4tlor
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations *8:00 a
Ili3Oa San Jose antl Way Station! *8:83 a
*B:43rBan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Gilroy, Hollister. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove •10:3 d*
•HiBOp San Jose and Way Stations •9:00*
San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•8:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:35 a
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Station* 3::tVp
O::iOr San Jose and Way Stations v 7:30p
j f11:45p San Jose an.l Way Stations "7i3«p
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
• Sundays excenteit. X Sundays only, t Saturday! ovily
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
• SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, »:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:36,
. 3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
- and 11:30 p. m. ,-
SUNDAYS— 9:30, "'11:00 a. m. 1:30, 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:56 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 3:40.
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave. - - Arrive "
Ban Francisco. . In Effect San Francisco.'.
April 23.
Week I Sun- ! 1898. Sun- J Week
Days. I days. . Destination, days. [ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm] Santa Rosa. { 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
: Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm| 5:00 am! Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm[ 6.22 pm
'i :i)U am Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm &:00 am Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
- 7 :30 am I 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm i 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8.40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pm | 7:35 pm 6:22 pro
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs, at Gey-
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; ( at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, «50 Market St., Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car#
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time :
- 6eare San Francisco. 4:3o p. m.. S. M.T.W.T.F.**
Arrive Denver. ....... 5:00 p. an., W. T.F.S.S.M.T;
1 Arrive Kansas City..7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W. ;
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicag0....... 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
' able Rates.
j YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
19 You Travel on the Santa P*
m FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— MARKET ST
. Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1520. "
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
> San Jose Office— 7 "West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUM
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, IiJW, trains will run as follow*:
South-bound. . North-bound. ..:
Passen- Mixed ' Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday ■ Sta- Sunday "ger
Daily.'* Exc'pt'd -tons.' ', Exc'pt'd Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm-
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 a m 6:45 pm , Hanford 7:45 aml 1:23 # m '
• 2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pm 7:50 pm ■ Visalia ■: 6:40 a m 12:55 pm:
.' Stopping at Intermediate points as "required.
Connections — Stockton , with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement > Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at , 6
j p. m. dally; *at % Merced - with stages ■. to ? and
| from :. Snelllngs, Coultervllle. -Yosemlte, - etc. ; -
I also- with stage from Hornltos, Marlposa, ■ eto. • ■
! at Lankershlm with stage to and ; from Madera.
rTinrn^Tfii in ir — r^'-^rr j ''f"iTr^" v i>Tirrr a ' t TinrtiT'rinnfii^irii»iiMMfcnM i ifflf
1112
PATRONIZE
ART IN A
NOBLE CAUSE
Grand Exhibition at the
Press Club To-Day.
SOCIETY TO LEND ITS AID
ILOCAL ARTISTS CONTRIBUTE
MANY PICTURES.
Jfevs of the Workers in the Bed
Cross — Many Donations Re
ceived From the
, Interior.
All li In readiness for the big art exhi
bition which Is to be held this afternoon
and evening In the rooms of the Press
Club. Pictures numbering Into the hun
dreds, of every kind and nature, have
been contributed by the artists of this
city and vicinity and are carefully hung
co as to show them to the best advantage.
An excellent musical programme has been
arranged which will be participated In by
leading local singers and musicians.
It Is expected that society will don Its
fcest "bib and tucker" and by lending Its
ART AIDS HUMANITY.
Hanging Pictures for To-Day's Red Cross Exhibition
at the Press Club,
presence aid the Red Cross Society In its
effort to alleviate the wants of the boys in
blue. The cozy, rooms of the well-known
organization will be thrown open and vis
itors will have an opportunity to view the
haunts of scribes and professional men.
Fortune again favors the art students'
exhibition to be held to-day in aid of the
lied Cross. The accession Is the loan of
eighty sketches by a celebrated German
artist, Adolph Obst, who just arrived on
the Belgic from an extended tour in the
Orient. Mr. Obst won the study prize
at the Berlin Academy, and received li»)
marks from his Government in approval
of his ability. When he learned of the
art students exhibition he consented to
loan his sketches, and has given one
painting of historical value to be added
to the students' collections.
All of the art schools have been well
represented, the Kerainic Club, the La
dies' Sketch Club. Polytechnic High School
and In fact all kind* ai:<i phases of art
have found expression >>n the walls of
the links room. The additional nanvs of.
exhibitors in arts are Charley Robinson,
Gordan Ross, Miss Van Winkle, Charles
liollo Peters. Arthur Kilyore, Blanche
Letcher, Mrs. Bushnell and Miss Le
Longe.
Frank Pelllcano Is decoratinpr the re
freshment booth, Mr. Johnson of '"'< Mar
ket street will supply the cakes, and San
born. Vail & Co. have made liberal dona
tions.
Among the first of the art students to
•respond to the call for contributions to
the Red Cross fund were Miss Martha
1,. Johnson and Mrs. C. Houndey, the lat
ter sending in an attractive pastel, while
Miss Johnson donated a clever piece of
•work, entitled "Wallflowers." These la- i I
dies are graduates of Hopkins, and their
•work gives promise of much talent. They
are now engaged on 1 a somewhat ambi- j
tious piece on an American subject, the
proceeds from the sale of which are to go
to the Red Cross Society.
The noble work done by the French
Hospital has been appreciated, not only
by the people of this city, but by others !
in distant States, as the following shows: i
ST. PAUL, Minn., June 3, MM.
'To the president of the board of trustees of
the French Hospital, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear
61r: I am In receipt of a letter from Charles :
McC. Reeve, colonel of the Thirteenth Kegl- !
ment. Minnesota Volunteers, now stationed at '
San Franclsoo. In which he speaks In the high
est term* of the officials of the French Hos
pital for the- extreme kindness extended to the i
sick soldiers of his regiment who have been in
trusted to their care. He states that the hos- -
pital Is one of the best equipped in the United |
States, and the physicians In charge, as well as i
ell the attendants, have been untiring In their
efforts to make the elck soldiers as comfortable
r.s possible.
I This kindness. Is worthy of the highest com
mondatlon and speaks volumes for the man- !
agement of the French Hospital. And, In 1, •
half of the relatives and friends of these tick
soldiers, and of all the people of this State, 1
beg to express to the authorities and all the
officials of the hospital our sincere thanks and I
appreciation for the kind care and attention
riven our sick soldiers, and to assure you that ;
The people of • Minnesota will ever hold the
French Hospital In grateful . remembrance.
Begging to express to you my personal appre- '
elation and thanks, I am, yours very sincerely, !
McCLOUGH. Governor.
State of Minnesota, Executive Department.
The emnloyes of the Mission car house, lo
cated at Twenty-ninth street and Mission,
through their committee, consisting of T. M. |
Perm, president. George W. Dehenhom, treas- i
urer, H. J. McCHntock, secretary, Frank Ty- '
ler and W. R. Hell, donated $.'0 to the Red
Cross Society, and propose to continue giving
as long as the war lasts. .
Donations were received at the ferry yes
terday from Mrs. Gibbons,- Miss Carrigan. Mrs.
M. Robinson, Mrs. . Levy, - Mrs. McMullln, '■■ Mrs ,
Davidson, General Warfleld. San Jose, Red
Cross, Hotel Redwood,' Mies Townsend, M. H.
Heyneniann. Mips Lang of Napa, Pacific Mall
Dock, Mrs. J. Jacobs, Mrs. Alex lioyd, Mrs.
Bell. • •
Fishbeck & Glootz donated half a ton of soap
offered more. - '-■••' - . : .
St; Luke's Hospital is now caring for. five I
soldiers for the Red Cross. Two z. were: sent | '
away cured yesterday, and the hospital has !
room for four more.
The San Francisco Postof flee branch of '. the s
Red Cross Society have promised : the liberal
donation of $100 a month.
The State department, of which Mrs. E. W.
McKlnstry is manager, Is In receipt of the fol- ■
lowing donations since yesterday: Mayfleld, 2 '
boxes ■ books: Wats<-.nville, 1- sack books; ; Peta- ■
luma, » sacks books; Los Angeles, 24 linen tow
els, 60 handkerchiefs, 7 arm slings, 2 sheets, 4
pillows. 27 large comfort bags, 151 small com
fort bag*, 1 package of absorbent cotton. 168
linen towels, 3 boxes of plaster of parts band
ages. 1 box iodoforrn gauze, 1 bottle antiseptic
tablets and 195 rolled bandages; St. James'
Guild of . Collins ville, 11 romlurt hags and 81
caps; Vacavllle, 30 bandages and 1 sack of
dried fruit; Warm Springs. Alameda county, 20
comfort bags; Mrs. Ralph Harrison, 56 band
ages; San Mateo county, 74 bandages; San Ra
fael, 310 bandages, 170 comfort bags, 14 towels,
12 pairs of socks, 72 Esmach bandages, 66 pil
low cases, 22 sheets, 25 nightshirts and DO
throat bandages: Napa. 17 undershirts, 4 under
drawers. 6 pairs socks, 2 pairs shoes; Stockton.
77 bandages; N'lles. 1 box books; Watsonville.
140 abdominal bandages, 267 Esmach bandores,
CO comfort bags, 84 magazines and papers; Los
Angeles. 7f.s caps, 10 comfort bags, Sl6 band
ages, 20 handkerchiefs; Sulsun, 1 box eggs, 107
comfort bags. 146 Esmach bandages, 27 pillow
slips, 102 abdominal bandages, 121 handker
chief caps, 14 throat bandages and 15. tars of
Jelly. Employes of the White Star Laundry
donated $28, but by some mistake they were
credited in the press with $10.
The Sausallto Red Cross Society sent to 16
Post street yesterday 100 bandages and a large
package of magazines. The members are now
making negligee shirts.
The California Red Cross State organization
has received the following donations: Mar
tinez Red Crosp Society, $32: Valley Ford Red
Cross Society, $15; F. M. Ackerman of Colfax,
$1: Monterey and Pacific Grove Red Cross So
cieties. $6; Court Century. No. S5, Foresters M
America, $10: Mrs. H. G. Smith (collections),
$20; Santo Rosa Christian Church. $3 HO; New
man citizens, |G0; Slsklyou citizens, . $63.
Twenty-live soldiers are now Inmates of the
French Hospital and are receiving every care
and attention that it is possible to give them.
The doctors In camp send all clothing to be
sterilized and disinfected as the hospital's ap
paratus for such work Is perfect.
The California Red Cross State Association
has completed its executive board, which con
sists of the following names: Mrs. W. B.
Harrington, San Francisco, president; Mrs. J.
M. Griffith, Los Angeles, first vice-president;
Mrs. O. F. Long, Oakland, second vice-presi
dent; Mrs. L. L. Dunbar, San 1 Francisco, secre
tary; Mrs. E. R. Dlmond. assistant treasurer;
Mrs. W. R. Smedberg, San Francisco; Colonel
W. R. Parnell, Adolph Mack, F. B. Glnn, Oak
land; Mrs. G. W. Halght. Berkeley; Mrs. S.
A. O'Nell. Alameda; Mrs. W. Baker, Sausa
lito; Mrs. A. Elkus, Sacramento; Mrs."V. Mad
dox, San Jose, and Mrs. D. H. Webster,
Fresno
Following Is the subscription received from
employes of the United States Mint: Contri
bution of general department, $177 75; assay
department. $59; smelters' and ; refiners' de
partment. $15! 75; coiners' department, $152 75;
total. Hi' 10.
The following Alameda ladies will aid Mrs.
Requa this morning In tending to the wants
of the Incoming volunteers: Mm. George M.is
tick. Mrs. Allen Clay, Mrs. Frank Otis, Mrs
Philip S. Teller, Mrs. Frank McCormick, Mrs.
t F. Colburn. Miss L. Pennoyer, Miss Roberta
Clay and Mls3 Edith Clay.
The Red Cross Society has a total member- .
t ship of 5300 and a fund up to date of $42,084 19.
Tim following subscriptions were received yes- !
; terday: Donation on advertising by San Fran- i
! cisco Call, $9; Carnival Golden Gate (addi- '
I tional). Jo 25; Joseph Larsen, $1; San Fran- :
; Cisco Postofflce Branch Red Cross Society, $100, :
; employes Mission-street branch of Market
street Railroad Company, Twenty-ninth-street
! carhoute. $50: Charles Nelson. $20; employes
Judson Manufacturing Company, $8; . National '
On «, L Dorado Council No. 681, 110- Swiss i
: Rifle Club. $25; additional from Mrs. E. Mar- I
, tin s musical and dramatic tea. $14; friend $2-
Valley Lodge. A. O. U. W.. $10: members ' San
I Francisco Hay Association, collected by H G '
; Stindt. $150: memberships. $22; concert under
direction of Charlotte P. Ebbetts and Ida B
Diserens. $118: South San Francisco Parlor N
B. G. \V 'J. $5: California Chapter. Daughters of
I the American Revolution. $112; Monroe School :
B?um $26 C Francais - m Post street, by Kmlie
MORE STREET CAR
LINES PROPOSED
A BENEWAL OF AN OLD FRAN
CHISE PETITIONED FOR.
Attempt to Change to Electricity, but
With a Clause in the Order
That Allows the Use of
Wire Cables.
The Market-street Railway Company Is
looking for more franchises, the latest
batch including half a dozen different sec
tions of the city which Jt desires to bene
fit by its presence. It also asks to hold
on to the present Geary-street line for
fifty years more, and to secure this end
it petitions to be allowed to transform
the present cable line into an electric
line, and to start up again In that way.
The petition for a franchise sets forth
that the Geary-street road is paralleled
on each side by electric lines, and that
people take those lines In preference to
the cable cars. It sets forth, further,
that it is thc-n'fore necessary to make an
electric line of the Geary-street road, but
to do bo would involve an outlay which
would only be justified by a long holding
of the road. It is petitioned that a new
franchise be granted, to take effect at
once, and to last for fifty years. In con
sideration the road will relinquish the
present franchise, which will run until
1903.
Should the franchise asked for wait un
til the expiration of the present one, it is
possible the new charter may go Into
effect, and in that case no franchise can
be let for more than twenty-five years,
and the road must pay a good deal more
than the 2 per cent of the gross earnings,
which it offers. I'nder any cicumstances,
therefore, it Is best for the company to
get right in, and it does so under the plea
tlmt It wishes to change the road to an
elec.rlc line. In the order allowing the
franchise drawn up by the company the
following occurs:
Section 3. It shall b« lawful for the said
grantee, its ■accessor* or assigns at Its or their
option, to propel curs over said railroad by
electricity with modern appliances and require
ments or by wire rope« running under said
streets and moved by stationary engines, or by
such . other meuns as may be sanctioned by
latv; and cars shall he run dally over said rail
road at least every fifteen minutes between the
hours of 7 o'clock In the morning and 9 o"clock
In the evening, except when prevented from do-
Ing so by riot or other unavoidable cause
It will be seen that should the order be
pr.ssed as submitted by the railroad com
pany the company would have the right
to run its cars with the wire rope now in
u*p, and the result pained by the trans
fer of the franchise would be to allow the
corporation to run on Geary street for
fifty years more, and under the same
terms as It was originally granted.
The other franchises asked for were as
follows:
First— Commencing at the Intersection of Fol-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, JUKE 11, 1898.
Bom and Army streets, thence along Army street
to San Bruno avenue, connecting there with the
existing tracks of the Market Street Railroad
Company on Folsom street and, Son Bruno
avenue.
Second— Commencing at Folsom street and
Preoita avenue, thence along Precita avenue to
Army street, and connecting with the exist
ing tracks on Army nnd PoUom streets.
Third— Commencing at Stanyan and Frederick
streets, thence along Stanyan to Parnassus
avenue, thence along Parnassus avenue to
Fifth avenue, and connecting with the exist
ing tracks on Stanyan and Frederick streets.
Fourth— Commencing at Forty-eighth avenue
and Point Lobos road and connecting with the
tracks on Forty-eighth avenue, thence along
Point Lobos road to the Great Highway, thence
alone the Great Highway to B street, thence
along B street to Forty-ninth avenue, and there
connecting with the existing tracks.
Fifth— Commencing at Point Lobos road and
Forty-eighth avenue and connecting with the
existing tracks on Forty-eighth avenue, thence
along Forty-eighth avenue to an unnamed
street between B and A streets, thence along
that unnamed street to Forty-sixth avenue,
along Forty-sixth avenue to B street, along B
street to Forty-seventh avenue, along Forty
seventh avenue to C street and along C street
to Forty-ninth avenue.
Sixth— Commencing nt Polk and O'Farrell
streets ami connecting with existing tracks on
O'Farrell street, thence along Polk to Geary
street, along Geary street to Taylor, along Tay
lor street to Port, along Post street to Leaven
worth, ftlnnp I-onvpn worth street to Vnllejo.
Seventh— Commencing at tlie Intersection of
Jefferson street and the easterly boundary of
the Presidio, thence along Jefferson to Brod
erick, along Broderlck street to Francisco,
along Francisco street to Flllmore, along Fill
more street to Bay, along Bay street to East,
along East street to Broadway, oonecting there
with the present tracks on Broadway.
In the drafts of the orders allowing
these franchises it Is stated that the cars
can be run with electricity or cable, as
may be decided by the company, and the
amount which the city will get from the
gross earnings Is left blank.
Oscar T. "Webber Is also on the lookout
for a franchise, outlined as follows:
Commencing at Flllmore and Franolsco j
streets, along Francisco to Broderick, along ;
Broderick to Jefferson, along Jefferson to the !
Presidio.
He promises to run his cars from 6 In
the morning to 12 at night, and to give
2 per cent of the gross earnings of the
contemplated road to the city. He also
wants his franchise to last for fifty
years.
The franchises were considered briefly
by the Street Committee Thursday, and
then It was decided to lay the matter
over until to-day, in order to Investigate
the proposed lines thoroughly.
The line commencing at Stanyan and
Frederick streets and running out Fifth
avenue would pass the site for the Affili
ated Colleges.
General Miles, commander-in-chief
of the United States army, explains
the lessons of the present war in next
Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E C Smith. Cal Mrs F W Hunttngton,
C P Soule. Chicago Sacto
11 M La Hue. Sacto M R MerrUt, Salinas
T C Johnston. Oal J R Baker, Berkeley
F L Klncald. Stktn E C Smith, Pac Grove
T P Burns. Cal z D B Gibson. S Jose
J E Bmwn. Benicta A V Stevens. G.ilt
X B Vest. Mo W E Duzan & w. Cal
W Hoffman. USA J C Camiibell, Cal
W C Part, Oakland J H Becker, Cal
F Wattsfcldt. Seattle H Clayton. N V
L B Howard. S Diego A L Henry. Sacto
E E Peck, L Ang A C Illnkson. Sacto
J Lustlg. Tulare T H Sullfnger. Cal
T Homeland. Mont Mrs C Lindsay, S Cru«
II I' Andrews, Cal H C Davpy. Calistoga
W M Plnkston. Wash H \V Crahb. Oakvllle
P r- Baron, Boston M X Duff. Menlo
R Brown & f, Nev W H Palmer, Detroit
J Roberts, Cal W F Bray, Riverside
Miss dobbins, Ind |F E Brown. Cleveland
Mrs Robblns, Ind J S Cady. Sonora
A tfneto, Ptktn !c Slebrand, Vailejo
D C Clark. S Cniz I
PALACE HOTEL.
H E Newberry. Cal |E N Camp & w. 11l
O G Sage, Sacto H Metzger, Portland
C Klne. Milwaukee W J Calhoun, 111
R B C Bement, Minn W O Day, D C
» Si-hifflfln. NY E A Moseley. D C
J Ferre, NT J B Peakes. S Cruz
W Aiirus. Sydney J M Walsh, S Cruz
S N Rucker, S Jose S Rosenstein, Chicago
J W Akowskl, Japan M Greenwald, N V
F McLaughlln. Orovlllelw II Kllpatrlck. Wyo
J I.'avld, N V Mrs Kllpatrlck. Wyo
J W Mitchell & w, Cal,C J Flkes, Sacto
J Murley & w, Mich C D Stevens. Boston
D T Cone, Red Bluff !D F So'.lers, US N
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J James, Sacto Miss T Richard, Cal
J Thomas. Sacto IG W Boschke & f, Cal
S Sacks, Sacto A V Love. Ohio
G H Room & w, Cal W E Peck, S Crux
C H Davis, P A.to J Smith. Tracey
M E Harris. Oakland Miss M Stephenson. C«J
B Penrose, Pa IJ T Sullivan, Sacto
H W Prltchard & w. J P Beverly. R Bluff
Cal I R B Baxter, Pa
V Dexter Aw. Wash Z E Xavler, Tex
W T Barnes. Saoto !j A Stonewall. Fla
E MnnoAeld. NY ,R B Finis. Mass
C R Sharp, Cal !J B Tents, Ohio
N S Jackson, S Clara ' R E Steams. Eng
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B F Richards, S Jose iJ B Martin. Sacto
\V H Bray, Sacto G Glasser. Ohio
N Land. Morgan Hill W lieeley, Ohio
M Harvey. La J Donovan, Stktn
G Raphael, S Diego Mrs L Goodwin, Wash
J C Raymond. Fresno E Eaton & w, Kan
C B Reynolds, Cal L X Jones & w. Wash
J R Morris. Vlsalla • W L Rlley, Nev
1' Ha risen. Cal J R Wade, Byron
F McCarthy. R Vista JI, Smith. N V
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jacob H. and Dora Neustadter to Slgmund
Greenebaum, re-record 1779 d 58, lot on E cor
, ncr Van Ness avenue and X Lombard street.
E 109 by N 137:6; SE corner Chestnut street and
Van Ness avenue, S 137:6 by E 109; SE corner
i San Francisco street and Van Ness avenue, S
137 :fi by E 123; W line of Twenty-seventh aye
, nue, 265 S of Point Lob^s avenue. S 70 by \V
i 120; also SE corner of Point Lobes and Tenth
avenues, E 32:6 by S 100; also ali Interest In lot
i on N\V corner Silllman and Yale streets, N
3.16:6. NW 6:11, \V 234. S 400. E 240, block 132.
University Homestead Association; also lot on
SW corner of Thirty-hecond avenue and R
street, S 475 by W 240; also property In outside
counties, quitclaim deed; $10.
Ethel U. Gunn to Roberttna H. E. Gunn, lot
! on S corner of Halcbt street, 112 :« W of
OctftVla street, W 25 by B 137:5; $10.
Hobertina H. E. Gunn, by Christina G. Gunn,
ruardian, to Ethel H. Gunn, lot on S corner or
Halght street, 87:6 W of Octavla, W 25 by
S 137:6; $10.
I George M. Wocd to Josephine Rosekrans, lot
I on W line of Webster street, 100 S of Grove, S
I 37:6 by \V 137:6. quitclaim deed; $10.
Jospphln» Kosekrans to Pauline Leopold, wife
1 of Edward Leopold, some; $10.
Edward Leopold to same, same; gift.
W, )'. and Elizabeth I. Foster (Couch), Isa
bella I and Nellie It. Couch, Fannie J. and Gil
bert Whltaker to Maria C. De Laveaga, lot on
I NW corner Golden Gate avenue and Baker
i street. W 50 by N 100; $10.
George W. and Annie M. Hinkel to Mary J.
j eteele, lot on W line of Shrader street, 23 S of
Beulah street, S 25 by W 81:3; $10.
! James Thomas Watklns to Susan E. Wat
kins, lot on NE corner Pine and Kansome
streets, N 44:10';. by E 85:5; grant.
Mary Gesvret by Eugene Ge.svret, attorney,
to Archibald Barnard, undivided 3-10 8 Bush,
i 80 W Stockton, W 7K. S 57:6, W 3i):6, S 30 X
60. S 50, X 57: C, N 137:6; $10.
Archibald Barnard to Eugene Gesvret, same;
! $10.
Ephralm Frank to Adolph and Lizzie Rosen
shine, lot m SE corner of Mason and Jackson
Ftr-rtP. S 59:7 hv E 47:6: $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Bartlett
; Doe (47-K.O), Bartlett and Charles F. Doe, ex
: editors of the estate of J. S. Doe (47-120),
: Emily J. Wilson (21-120) and San Francisco
and Fresno I^and Company (5-120). lot on NW
: corner of Sixteenth and Do Haro streets, W 200,
] N 400, E 100, S 200, E 100. S 200; .
' Same to James E. Mauon (16-160), Elizabeth
i Blackwood and Joanna M. Wright (54-160 each),
! Fan Francisco and Fresno Land Company and
Emily J. Wilson (IS-160 each), lot on NW cor
! ner of Fifteenth (El Dorado) and Kansas
streets, N 400, W 190, SE 483:5, E to beginning;
1 also lot on NW corner of Alameda and Kan
j sns streets. N 3CO. W 200. S 360, E 200: $ .
Charles and Bertha Brunn to Mons and Bes
: sle Martenson. lot on E line of Tenth avenue,
125 N of California street, N 25 by E 120; *10.
Mons and B»ssle Martenson to Charles Bruan.
I lot on W line of Fifth avemi*. 200 S of Cali
fornia street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Swift Lumber and Improvement Company
(Insolvent) by James Webster assignee to
1 Thomas H. O'Brien, lot on SE line of Wyom
| Ing street, 155 E of Slckels avenue, SE 107 by
i NE SO, block 9, Sears subdivision West End
! Map 2; $2fO.
j Thomas E. Lemnsney to Laura Lemasney, lot
! on E line of Florence street, 125 N of Stanley,
N 26 by X 100. lot 10. block 80, City Land As
sociation: gift.
Patrick William Rlordan and an Roman Cath
: ollc Archbishop to James and Delia Rice, lot
! on SW line of Francis street. 350 NW of Mls
; slon. NW 25 by RW 150. Academy Tract: $450.
I S. F. end Ellen Sinclair to James E. Damon.
j lots 80 to 83, San Miguel Homestead Asaocla
j tlon, quitclaim deed: $1.
Alameda County.
Melissa L. Camblos to Laura A. Stow Bal
] lard, lot on PK line of Ninth avenue, 150 NE of
I East Twenty-fourth street, NE 50 by SE 150
block 149, Clinton, East Oakland (subject to
a mortgage for $500); $10.
George W. Webb to Harry H. Webb, lots 1
to 9 and the S half of lots 11, 12 to 16, 18. 20,
24. 26. 2K. 32. 38, 39 and 42, block 6, lots 8, 10,
17, 21. i' 3. 2ft and 27. block 12, amended map of
Central Park. Alcatraz and Newbury Stations,
Berkeley; $.rio.. r io.
Rebecca and If. L. Wurt* to (:iam R. Hanna,
lot on N line of Bancroft way, 277.23 E of
Chonte street. W 45, N 120. E 45. 6 120 to be
ginning, being a portion of plat 71, Rancho V.
and D. Peralta, Berkeley; $10.
Patrick H. Maloney to Bridget Maloney, 3.64
acres beginning at a point In the center of the
proponed road to be called Peralta avenue, £*6:6
S from the N boundary line of Bona Tract
thence S 195:6, SE 68S to the middle of Adams
Creek, thence N to SE corner of lands of
Abrnhnm by deed of January 2, 18S4, thenct
W 678 to beginning, Brooklyn Township; «lft.
Emllle W. and L. M. Salsbury to Maud
L. Mitchell, lot on NE line of Orange street,
110 SW of Mountain View avenue, thence along
the NE line of Orange street 120:9, thence NE
150, SE 120:8, SW 150 to beginning, being lots
1, 2 and ?, block 26, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township isubject to a mortgage for $9i 0) ; $10.
Thomas Ross (as administrator of the estate
of Annie T. Hickllng nnd as executor of the
estate of Thomas Hickling, by commissioner)
to I'nlon Savings Bank, lot on W line of Camp
bell street, 119 N of Taylor, N 42 by W 92:4,
block 700, Oakland: $1790.
Helene yon Stlllfried Rattonitz to George yon
Stillfried, the E 20 feet of lot IS, lots 20, 21 and
N Vt of lot 22, block 15, Daley's Scenic Park
Tract, Berkeley; also lot described as the E 20
feet of lot 18. lot 20, subdivisions 1 and 2 of lot
21, and subdivision 3 of lot 22 block 15. Daley's
Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley; $10.
George P. yon Stillfried Ratt<mitz or George
yon Stillfried to Hobertina li. E. Gunn, same
as in deed from Helene yon Stillfried Rattonitz,
Berkeley; $10.
J. C. and Mallnda Sawtelle to H. J. McClln
tork. lot on SW line of Maple street, 396.47
from — Baker avenue, thence continuing along
Maple street 3a. 13 to S boundary of Santa Fe
Tract, thence SE 150 14 to S corner of Santa Fe
Tract, thence SW 32.62, NE 150 to beginning,
being a portion of Santa Fe Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Eugene J. Belrose to G. W. Owen, lot on E
corner of Mountain View avenue and Sunny
side street. NE 270 by SW 107.16. beintf lot 5,
resubdlvlsion of block 34, Warner Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
John Stewart to Anna Stewart, lot on NW
line of Seminary avenue, 27 SW of Orion street,
SW 81 by NW 123.67. being lots 25.. 26 and 27,
map of subdivision of blocks 56, 57. 6f> and 66,
Kingsland Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Bridget M. and P. L. Bassett to Cosmopolitan
Mutual Benefit and Loan Association, lot on
W line of Goldman avenue, ISO N of Tobler
street. W 125 by N 5, being a portion of Fruit
vale Park, Brooklyn Township; $6.
Builders' Contracts.
Ernst Buchel (owner) with Henry Behrens
(contractor), architect W. O. Banks, all work
except demolition and removal of present struc
ture for a 3-story and rough basement frama
building (store and flats) on NW corner of
Filbert and Taylor streets, W 30 by N 60;
$4930.
John Sheehy (owner) with I. W. Coburn (con
tractor), architects Bhea & Shea, all work for
a 2-story frame building and additions to ad
joining building on E line of Mission street,
110 N of Twenty-first. N 25 by E 122:8; »4850.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franemeo
Call, corner of Market and Third street*, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
616 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 13 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until t o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until » o'clock.
1606 Polk street; open until »:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
»treets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHIRCH NOTICES.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts.— Rev.
John Stephens, pastor; residence, 309 Haight
st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. The
pastor will preach at both services. Topic at
11 a. m., "The Safeguards of Youth," and at
7:45. "The Survival of Heroism." Children's
day service at 12:30 p. m. ; C. B. Perkins,
superintendent. Epworth League meeting at
6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting. Wednesday even-
ing at 7:45. Roll call. Rules read. The
public cordially invited to all the services of
this church. Seats free. Ushers in attend-
ance.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and •
A. Called meeting THIS (SATUK- _/%_
DAY) EVENING. June 11, at '■■'•'' 7Lj\
o'clock. D. 1. /V^
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44. F. and •
A. — Officers and members are iv- .^»^_
epectfully requested to assemble nt /K3T
Masonic Temple, SUNDAY. June 12. at 'V N
2 p. m., for the purpose of attending the fu-
. neral of our late brother, OTTO JOHNSON.
By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 3. ov^U^fc
I. O. O. F -Regular meeting &&r^2&£_
. THIS EVENING, First degree
will be conferred. . '«»»*■
A. K. KINGSFORD, D. M.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1897:
Ellen Norton, age 10 years; Katherine Norton,
9 years; Mary McDonald, 10 years; Kather-
lne Cafferty, 7 years; Clara Pratt, 12 years;
Francis Williams, 7 years; Rosetta McGulre,
7 years; Margaret Gomez. 8 years; Evelina
Gomes, 6 years. • ■ * ■■"..:
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
l< gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants elected for $4; collection* made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5550.
ROOMS papered from 12 60, and whitened
from $1 up; painting done. Hartmann Paint
Co., 343 Third st.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2, 32 Turk st.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120^ Geary st., room 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor St. '
MISS LOESEL, 121 Montgomery St., room 8;
palmistry and card reading.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120V4 Geary st., room 11. . ■
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room 1.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER, 1021 Market, rm. 12.
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 15V4 Turk anfl 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS VIOLA BURWBLL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St.. rm. »■
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
SWEDISH housegirl; first-class cook and laun-
drefs; 5 years last place. Apply MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Putter st. ;
YOUNG Swedish girl to assist housework; 910.
■ Apply MRS. NORTON, 813 Sutter st. • \.
NEAT young Swedish, also German girls, de-
sire situations to do cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-aged, active lady, with little girl 9
! years . old, wishes to do housework In j ex-
change for home; thoroughly competent to
teach piano and guitar; city references. | Ad-
dress box 25, Call, branch office, 387 Hayes st.
; MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
seamstress or as working housekeeper; Is a
good cook; city or short distance In country.
Call for two days. Apply room 10, 22ft 7th st.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
washing, Ironing or housecleaning by the day;
will work reasonable. Please call or address
1036 Potrero aye., near Twenty-third st.
GERMAN widow wants situation In a small
private family or to help In hotel or restaur-
ant. Please call at ; 213 - Fourth aye., Rich-
mond District. , : -.". . ■•"'"> ! v«7
REFINED lady wishes position as ' companion
or nurse or assistant •■ In doctor's or dental
office; best of references. Box 553, Call.
YOUNG woman would like light housework! or
chamberwork in "a rooming-house or private
family. Apply at 825 Greenwich st.
GERMAN j woman, good worker, wants work
by the day; washing and housecleanlng. • 86;
Jesslo 6t., near Fifth and Market. : ....•■'
REFINED young woman would like a position
a to do light housework; wages $10; references
given. Box 664, Call office.
EXPERIENCED chambermaid wants position
In hotel or lodging house; no waiting. Box
6M), Call office. -. .. ; -,
RESPECTABLE young girl would like situa-
tion In respectable family. Address ■or call
637 Fourth st. . . • " ■;-',■.'- :V.jV. :_:; ; ■' % v ::,u:-^l
GOOD reliable girl wishes situation for house-
. work; city or country; 8 years In last : place.
Call 316 Hayes st. ; r
MIDDLE-aged. : respectable . American lady
'!■'. would like position as housekeeper; best ref-
erences. : Box 544, Call.',-
RESPECTABLE woman wishes to do general
.; housework; ■ plain . cooking; good housekeeper.
350 Preclta aye., off Folsom st.
COMPETENT, woman would like a position at
light housework. 1126 McAllister St. ■
SWEDISH girl wishes situation as cook In prl-
. vate family. 611 Folsom gt.y-- 1 ;.-,- :•;■',' -. ."■
LADY wishes situation at housekeeper city or
■ country. Room 4. 138 A Fouth st. • t ••;."!>
.'YOUNG woman with 2 children (boy 8 and girl
6 years) '.would like place, to do any kind gen-
- , eral ; housework, < cooking ' and - sewing; .; short
distance In ■ country, preferred; : wages - no ■ ob-
; ject whatever, ■ so long as good home and not
too far from school. ■:■ Box (572,? Call office, v
TWO : French ; girls. Just from " France, .! wish
; situations,' one .". being able to do upstairs
• work ; and , nurse, and the other being able ;to
: teach French and take care of grown child-
■ '-, ren. Apply 911V4 Minna St., off •, Tenth. . :
MIDDLE-AGED ; woman' wishes situation; • Is a
- good cook ;- will do plain washing; city or
: short '.distance sln country: moderate wages.
! 10 -. Stockton ; place, off Stockton St., between
: Post and Sutter. U- -yy.'j-' i -■:'■■■ .'.;.;•';•- .:■>■'■' ':?'.. ■' :-r-C£
BY young woman of business experience, rapid
i • penman, "position; In Insurance, real ' estate ; or
'X: general ■ office; ■* city • or i- country; • ; references.
: Address B. : 8., - box 571, Call office. 1
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
ELDERLY American woman without means
wants a situation. Is a good plain cook,
nurse and sewing or chamberwork and sew-
ing. Address box 562, CaJl.
WANTED— By sisters, work In same hotel; one
as laundress or In kitchen, the other cham-
ber work; country pref. 15 Minna St., up etrs.
SWEDISH girl wants a position as house-
worker or cook: is a good cook and second
worker. Box 6flfi, Call office.
2 TRUSTWORTHY American ladles would like
to take charge of house for parties going to
the country. Address 42» Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires an office
position In or out of city; best of references.
Address box 570, Call oi'3ce.
WANTED-Work by the day, housecleantng:
good laundress; $1 and car fare. Please call
at 1104 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework; first-class cook. Call or
address 200 Third st., room 14.
EXPERIENCED lady stenographer^and boofc>
keeper de?lres position as private secretary.
Box 595, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker desires
a few more engagements; terms $1 25 per day
city .)r country. Address box 591, Call offloe.
AMERICAN woman wants situation as com-
panion to elderly people or working house-
keeper; city or country. Box 474. Call.
GOOD ironer and laundress wishes position
Box 447. Cnl^ office.
SITUATIONS WANTED—MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414H O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 421.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
AMERICAN (50), strong and able, wants
work; steady, reliable, etc; used to horses,
driving light wagon, etc.; generally useful;
small remuneration. S. H., 81S Minna st.
SOBER, elderly man wants work; private fam-
ily; cook and baker: used to horses and gar-
den; useful in general; references; wages no
object. A. T., box 7, Call office. Oakland.
STRONG young man, machinist, would like to
go to Alaska; willing to contract to work
out expenses of trip or for any indefinite
time. Address 27«7 Twenty-first st.
GERMAN man and wife wish tr ta.He care of
a chicken, wine or fruit ranch or private
residence. D. C, box 565, Call office.
ENGINE tender, experienced, with certificates
arid testimonials, wants employment. Ad-
dress H. F. N., 1059V4 Howard St.
YOUNG man, German. 23, experienced bar-
tender, wishes situation; can serve drinks. C.
SCHMIDT, 26 Minna St.
INTE LLIGENT, middle-aged man wishes po-
eitlon to work around private ranch Box
656, Call office.
2 BAKERS, second and third hands; can work
on bread and cake; city or country. A. P
31 Minna st.
WILLING young man would like situation in
wholesale house. Call 261 i Minna St., M AN-
DERSON.
YOUNG man of 22 would like to learn a trade.
Address box 555, Call office.
WORK wanted of any kind; a good painter and
paper hanger; knowledge of all building tools;
good man for property or real estate owners;
will work cheap for a steady Job. Apply H.
8., poßtofnce,.Fruitvale, Cal.
AS poultry ranch foreman; many years' ex-
perience; valuable receipts: handy all klnas
of tools; best testimonials and references;
J. X., 418 Mississippi st., San Francisco.
PRACTICAL bread and <ake baker wants situ-
ation; is willing to go into country. Address
or call FRANK KLSER. Lindell House, cor.
Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— By elderly man. as night-watch-
man; will give security and reference. Ad-
dress box 667, Call.
MACHINIST, used to accurate work, wants
position. Address box 6C9. Call.
MAN' and wife wish situation on ranch, vine-
yard or orchard; man used to hard work;
wife good cook; wages $30. J. D.. 1658 Market
St., corner Polk.
YOUNG man (German) wants kitchen work,
waiting, saloon or other work; cltv or coun-
try. Address H. VIELITZ, 632 Mission, r. 19.
YOUNG married man desires position at any
kind of office work or collecting; references
and bonds. Box 559, Call office.
EXPERIENCED rectifier and compounder of
liquors desires position; best references; mod-
erate salary. Box CGO, Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at the
Metodtst Gospel Hall. 734 Jackson St., near
Stockton.
YOUNG man wants situation as grocer's
clerk; willing to give references. Box 515, fu1l
YOUNG man wishes place to drive delivery
wagon; age IS years. Address 400 Bay st.
MIDDLE-AGED, intelligent iran of experience
a position to take care of invalid and act
as cMnpntiK n. best of references. G. W.,
box 0. Call o'flce.
FRENCHMAN speaking some English wishes
situation In private family or in livery sta-
ble; understands horses well; reasonable
wages. 3U'l Sixteenth st.
GARDENER wishes a few more places to take
cure of pr to take full charge of home in
owner's absence. Address R. JAEGER.
Berkeley, Cal.
BARBER, young man, 6 months' experience,
wishes position to help Wed., Sat.. Sunday
and nights. MR. HUSTON, 1325 Stevenson.
WANTED— Position by young man as porter
In saloon: can tend bar and mix some drinks.
P., box 68, North Temescal, Oakland.
YOUNG man wants position as assistant book-
keeper, clerk or collector; has experience as
bookkeeper, with best of reference. Address
Ik.x XB7. Call office.
YOUNG man desires position as clerk In
wholesale or ratall store; good references.
Address F. R. H., 92 Haight st.
WINCHESTER~HOUSE. 44 ~Thlrd st., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
€16 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN with a young boy to work In a rss-
taurant In country, $15 nnd $10, fare paid.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; second girl, $20; nurse. $20; house
girl, two In family, $20; second girl, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
TWO glrle at $25 each, country, fare paid; 8
young girls to assist, JM) to $15: ranch cook.
$25, see party here. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, $20; 3 wait-
resses and chambermaids. MISS CULLEN,
326 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, city, $16. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 each. MISfT CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $10. MISS CULLEN. 525 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light work. $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
PLAIN laundress. $20; good place. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
SECOND girl, country7~s2s! MISsT CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 each, country hotel; see
party here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
2 WAITRESSES, country hotels, $20; 6 wait-
resses, hotels and restaurants. $15, $20, $25.
$G and f6 a week; cook, small hotel, $25, see
party here at 11 to-day; Ironer in laundry,
$25; 3 Protestant cooks, $25; 3 French and Ger-
man second girls and nurses, $20; nur6e. In-
stitution, $20: and a large number of girla for
housework in city and country. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
LADY cashier and bookeeper, grocery house:
private secretary; 2 clerks. 1023 Market St.
MANAGING matron for fashionable room-
renting house; 2 linen room women. 1023
Market st.
LADIES' traveling companion for vacation;
month's trip south: experienced traveler. 813
Bush st.
2 OFFICE matrons; laundry bookkeeper; law
office stenographer, $12. 313 Bush st.
2 WAITRESSES, same hotel, country, $30.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED — Refined motherly woman as com-
panion for Invalid and help with light work
Box 651. Call office.
3IRL for housework and German pre-
ferred. Call at 1810 Gough st., Saturday In
forenoon.
WANTED— Protestant young lady to act as
saleslady In small bakery. Box 562, Call.
WANTED— Young rrirl for general housework,
need not cook. 1831 Eddy st.
YOUNG girl wanted to do housework. 1316
Stelner St.
WAITRESS wanted at Mode! Restaurant. 1212U
Pott st.
GIKT. or woman permanently to learn dress-
making; new method; good pay. 207 Taylor.
WANTED— A girl to assist waiting In restau-
rant. 129 Fourth st.
WANTED— A German girl to take care of child
and do housework at 517 Montgomery st.
I.ADY canvasser for large corporation: good
cluan work. Apply mornings, 215 Valencia »t.
FEN experienced pickle packers on glass goods
Address box 332 Call office.
WAN TE D— Fl rst-class lroners. TROY LAUN-
DRT CO.. 2241 Mission st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS ' sewers on wrappers, cording
and skirts. H.FRIEDLANDER, 33S Fell Bt.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
•,.- : . free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit; no trying. on: trial free.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WOMAN cook for mines, $25; woman to do
cooking and plain washing, ranch. $20;. wait-
ress resort, near city. $20: girl. for housework,
country, $13, fare paid; woman with a child.
$20. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 630 Clay.
_____ BEEHIVE OF WORK ~.
2943 men wanted to-day Look Here
! — : Read Carefully
136 laborers for a great mine $2 30 day
655 : railroad laborers ; $1 75 day
9S scraper teamsters -— — $1/0 day
264 woodchoppers — $1 50 and »1 cord
275 railroad teamsters— — - — •- ■ -$1 75 day
197 tiemakers —Be, 9c, 10c and lie each !
57 shingle bolt makers — $1 50 cord
63 haymakers : $26 and found
10 orchard hands— — —$20 and found
25 ranch hands $26. Ho and $20
15 vineyard hands '■ — — $20 and found
in choremen for ranches— — :~ $10 and $15
7 chcreboys for ranches $10 and found
8 milkers '■ — — -;—; — and found
2 gardeners, private $15 and found
2 vegetable gardeners- -~ TZ — * 26
10 laborers, city mfg company— and found
43 laborers, city Jobs ; $1 75 day
12 2-horee teamsters $1 75 day
Sailor for a gentleman's yacht— and found
2 butter makers $30 and found
3 stablemen — »25 and found
27 gold miners $2 50 day
32 gravel miners ; $2 50 day
15 laborers to level land- $30 and found
67 teamsters, railroad, free fare $1 70 day
2 boys to learn trades, city : ■
ALSO —
Blacksmith, $40 and found —
. Engineer, $35 and found — — r—
MURRAY & READY.
. ... . 634-636 Clay at.
A— FOR A —GREAT ENGLISH —
and American — ■
Mining Syndicate — — ■
136 laborers from $2 50 a day; no experience
required;- board and lodging will cost $15
per month; steady Job; S. P. R. R. have
. given us special reduced railroad rates to
these great mines. - .
MURRAY & READY,
— ; — — 634. and 636 Clay st.
A— 9 COOKS — 6 waiters
6 second cooks— — — waiter boys
6 dishwashers : 8 porters, restaurants
MURRAY & READY,
— — 634-636 Clay st.
BAKER, country shop— —s4s and found
2 baker's assistants jj — ■ $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— MARKER and distributor laundry help,
$30 ar.d found; fare paid. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st. ,
A— ENGINEER for a sawmill. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— BLACKSMITH, country shop. MURRAY A
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— SPOOLTENDERS, sawmill company.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— Two laborers for mine. $2 day: car-
riage blacksmith; country vegetable gardener
$25; two milkers; buttermaker; blacksmith.
Jobbing. $50; milker and farmer, $30; laborers.
$176 a day; fruit farmer and wife, $40; boys
for different work, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st"
WANTED— A first-class steward for grill room,
hotel south; night cook and baker, $12 a week;
baker for country shop, $4.V, cook, country
restaurant, $30; second cook, lunch restaurant,
$45; night porter, restaurant, $23; two young
■ men, omnibus and porter for nice restau-
rant, $15. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 628 Sac-
ramento St. i
WANTED — more miners, single hand drill,
$52 per month; buttermaker, good place near
- city, ' $25; 2 milkers, near city, good steady
Job. $22 50; 10 haying hands, different places,
$25 and $26; 2 strong boys for factory in city,
$3 per week to start; boy for store In city.
$3 per week and Increase; young man about
private j>lace in city, $10 per month and
found; young man as porter for saloon; cook,
small restaurant. In city. $35; dishwashers !
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
MARRIED Janitor, without Incumbrance. $75;
stationery engineer; elevator runner. 313
Bush st. ......
STOCK keeper, time keeper and tally clerk;
steamboat dock watchman. 313 Bush st.
TO open 10 country stores; an Incorporated
company, representing $150,000; managers and
clerks wanted. Particulars 313 Bush st.
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house,- at
once; 2 cellarmen; bottler. ' 313 Bush St.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 313 Bush st.
ENGINEER and 2 firemen: 6 helpers; 2 ma-
chine hands. 1023 Market st. j
t. ; JUNIOR clerks, wholesale dry goods; ship-
ping clerk; furniture; real estate clerk.: 1023
Market st. . - ■ ' .. ' '~«i •,-;_:.
6 MEN for Pacific Coast trade, distiller's line;
big pay. 1023 Market st.
10 MEN for Alaska, for one of the most suc-
cessful financial concerns in city; good money
for right parties. 1023 Market St.
MAN, and wife to work on gentleman's place;
grocery clerk. . 1023 Market st.
SHORT order cook. $60. HOTEL GAZETTE I
420 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker (mani to work In-
side. ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, Market
and Seventh sts. ■
BARBERS — Saturday and Sunday: 2 steady;
bring tools, early. J. B. U. Free Employment '
Office, 707 Brannan . St. Tel. Mint 1902.
JAMES ELLIS. Secretary.
2.: GOOD barbers for Saturday and Sunday;
wages $5. 1209 Point Lobos aye.
GOOD BARBER, Saturday and Sunday or Sat-
urday; modern. 34 Fourth st. "
BARBER — and Sunday; no student;
wages $5. 137 A Fifth st. ■
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 504
Valencia st.
GOOD barber, Saturday and Sunday; steady.
623 Clay st. -"J -. .
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day: wages. 614% Third st.
GOOD ' barber for Saturday at 8 a. m.
Pacific St., near Leaven worth.
BARBER for Saturday; $3; steady Job. 602
Clay st.
WANTED— Wheelers and brickyard men. Ba-
den Brick Co.. Baden. South San Francisco.
BOY, 16 to IS, to learn upholstering and carpet
trade. 1512 Polk st.
GOOD and sober dishwasher s-t~B Jackson st.
BO i wanted :to strip and book tobacco. 18^4
Fifth st. .
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, . United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to . become such; must
be of- good character and habits and" afte to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
' office, 20 Ellis st.. -San Francisco, Cat.
WANTED— Reliable persons In every section to
distribute , circulars, samples and tack signs*
■ no canvassing; cash paid. WILL A. MOLTON
CO.. Cleveland, Ohio.
EXPERIENCED, pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla. Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady : work; ■ good wages- only I
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 615. 328 Montgomery, ; S. F.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors and
bushelman. 504 Butter st. -
MEN to learn barber trade In 4 weeks, $15.
: 1542 Market st. ; *
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
. room. 25c s. night. Rogedale ■ House. 391 Ellis.
WANTED— Laborers and ; mechanics •to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor still '
runs Denver : House, - 217 Third st ; , 150 'larira
rooms; 25cper night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to , learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8
F. Barber College. Eighth st.
\VINV-HKSTER~ HOUSE? 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS', r Progressive Union: . free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec; 104 7th: tel. South «28.
MEN'S fine calf ; shoes to order. $2 50; men's
.: soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard ; st. ■
SAILORS, ordinary. seamen, carpenters '-■ coast
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Ste'uart st. :
BA .?t£E RS " Ass#n ' Free EmploynVt Office. S. j
FUCHS. Sec. 325 ; Grant a ye. ; tel. Grant 13«.
WANTED— Seamen y and ordinary seamen . for i
r Alaska. ; Puget Sound, - Mexico, ; etc; apply
Mariners', Home. W. W. LANE. 604 Davis »t.
SINGLE rooms. lOr and 15c night: 75c. and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard «U.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764V4 Mission,
men •to take . rooms; T 10c. 15c arid 280 per !
■ night; 60c, 900 and $1 per week. I
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. ; Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st. below Sixth.
■ ■ for a rkm; 25c a night ; $1 a week. - : . - .*- '■■ ■'■'■ -■■
5*7 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Op«n until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tiorm and want ads taken. ■■ ■ - '■
■ ROOMS WANTED.
GENTLEMAN 'wants . room • In '* exchange '- for
■ lessons In drawing or German. Box 584. -Call.
- ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
FURNISHED f rooms :. wanted with board < for
responsible business men. 313 Bush st. . ;
•■-....•■■■■■■;..■-....- -•■'. ■"-•, ....-■;--. - -■■ :. ' . .■: .' ■(. ■
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS, ladies or gentlemen; easy to sell)
needed by everybody. Box 548. Call office.
BOX of war & Maine souvenirs, '. flag pins, etc.,
new mailed, sc. 111. catalogue free; big money.
CUSHMAN. Mfr., 34 Oliver st., Boston, Mass.
WANTED— Lively canvassers to sell the latest
and best colored lithograph. "Remember the
• Maine" ; big money to right parties. SOS
Kearny. St. _^
A VTS for "Our Naval ; War With Spain":
splendldlv Illustrated; only authentic book to
be published: free outfit now ready; act quick.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bldg., Chicago.
615 LARKIN Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken. _
FURNITURE WASTED, j
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st.: highest price paid. Tel. Pavla 71.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — To rent a nice house -of 5 or I
: rooms in nice locality, with stable for horse
and carriage; family of 3 adults. Box 547.
Call office. ■
I — ' ' '
ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— TenPabout ' :sxsO~feetT 1213 Point
Lobos aye.. at shooting gallery.
PAWNBROKER-Old gold, silver. cast-oft
Clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden myßtery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Rend stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
. 25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE? 1346 Market St.:
trance medium. Without asking a question
she tells the name of her callers; she tells
past, present and future correctly; tells your
age and occupation; she reunites the sepa-
rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy
• marriages with the one of your choice; sh«
' locates burled treasures, removes evil influ-
ences and all long-standing ailments. Letters
with stamps ■ enclosed promptly answered.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c, gent's $1; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 4ol Leavnwh.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future: 20c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny at., room 2. ■ .
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pre-
. fesston; never fails; advice; help. 929 Post st.
fi SPIRITUALISM. ':•■;
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium. 311 Main; BlcK-
, ness a specialty: circles Friday, 2 p. m., 2'c.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader: Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579. Geary.
MRS SHRINF.R. clairvoyant for business and
■ spiritual sittings. 12n McAllister: tel.Jf sale. 9sB.
MRS. SHAFFEI.. t»Kt and business medium;
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 223 Valencia ft.: read-
ings $1; cir. Tues.. Frl.. 1 p. m.; Sat.. 8; 2,' c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
I M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halght st. .
HYPNOTISM .'
CAL. Institute, 402** Geary: hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued ; diseases and habits cur«>d.
LOST.
LOST — pocket-book containing^ money and
addresses en the way from 6 o'clock Oakland
ferry boat Thursday evening to overland train.
Finder may keep money and bring the rest
to Call office.
LOST — pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Pan Francisco. In the
name of HANNAH LONG; No. 179,914. The
finder will please return to bank.
WILL party who found basket in ferry boat
waiting room return to 490 Spear St.; reward.
LOST — Monday night, long gray-haired German
spitz dozr medium sire; point nose; $25 re-
ward. 21 Sixth st., restaurant. f,
LOST— A' pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society . of Sun Francisco, In the
name of SARAH SMITH, No. 174,684. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— In neighborhood of Fulton and Octavia
sts.. 2 keys No. 106 and No. 11. Return to
S. V. W. W.. IX Stockton St.; reward.
! SMALL bay mare and mule lost. Return In-
gleside dairy or 1718 Howard st.
LOST— A passbook with The. Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in ! the
name of ELIZABETH LEE. No. 221-542. The
finder will please return to Bank..
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Pnc'ety of San Francl.^i" 1 . in the
rame of ELLEN O'CONNOR: No. 166,623. The
! finder will please return to brink.
*^^ ■
# FOIND. .
FOUND— Setter dog. Inquire at "S3 Mission.
T~"T ~" EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. Bock-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue. , -
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
jj first floor over the Alcazar Theater: summer
term begins this month: for teachers and
students: 1-r. p. m. daily. MRS. MAY
JOPF:PHI-Klvc,>.TT>. Principal.
AVRES' ■' Business College. 723 Market st.:
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
| ship. $60; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations: a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room "2. 565 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry.Ph. R.Fel-
low in Mathematics. I. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlnp way.Berkeley.write for circular
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical. m!n-
lnp. mech. survey, assay. archit.'« day & eve.;
est. 1.«R4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 938 Market.
SHORTHAND taught In one month; terms $10;
students should Investigate. 712 Van Ness.
HORSES. • .
10 CAMPING horses Cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
40 HORSES for sale: : also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse ■ Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.; auction sales ivery We-.lnes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
j CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons. harness of all
kinds: 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS ~AND CARR I At; his.
FINEST camp wagon ■on the coast: 6 berths;
convenient as ' home. 1175 Valencia st.
WANTED— PaneI box business buggy. In good
order. R. R., box 556. Call office. ■
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagon: • cheap. Bull's
* Head Repository. Fifteenth .nd Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vthicies. Lie-
bold Ha^ess C0.. -ill parkin, v opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and ml'k wagons cheap .
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack .828 Harrison st. ■
~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ALL private law cases, Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103 Lark In.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fee» In advance.
I ADVICE free on all legal matters. ." T. F.
| Stack. 14 McAllister St.. room 64. .
! VICE free: no charge unless successful
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. .-..,- "
TYPEWRITERS. ~
ALL typewriters sold and rented7~few~partlT
used for sale cheap; send : for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & op.. HO Montgomery.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work!
RCOTT & .BANNAN. 333 MnntcnmTry st °
iiUAGE. — —
J^- J^ rK j~~n _! — -' ' ,_. 11"' "-'■'- ' : -•---■».-
FURNITURF,. r .7il^?TtX~G^ld7n~W^it^sn^
age warehouse., S4O Mission st.; tel. Mint 1821.
n?fW T? I?° L >H Storage and Moving Co. : «
office. Tenth and Market: telephone South 186.
'IiLT-- '•■'-'■'-- '-'J MINES- i"{: ~~"
WILL give one-half s interest~7n~p^yinY^ol<i
Quartz leads In California for means to de-
: velop the " claims. ■' Address Miner, box 564,
-Call office. ..■,:■..'
PHYSICIANS.
- ■ 1,, "•■ ' '■ ,;. i ' " ■'■ '■' .' ' ; "'' *
D £- C . C. i O' DONNELL. : office and residence."
120«, 1/irket. diseases :of women a specialty.
■ '•■' .' ■■■ •■ ■■ - ■ ■ ■ ■ .niTSINESS CHANCES.
$225— PARTNER wanted in first-class paying
business; easy to learn and clearing for each i
partner about $80 p«r month: a clean and i
1 rofltable offer. Particulars WILKE, 545 Mar-
ket It.
PARTNER wanted In leading hotel of
3.0 rooms; restaurant and elegantly fitted up
.-aloon and cafe; lease; rarest business open-
ing for active man; this offer is only onen for
_ t "'° dayß - Particulars WILKE, M 8 MarWt.
$105,1 _ OLD -ESTABLISHED bar-room on
J^frny M., close to Chronicle building, rent
5100; doing a Rood paying business; only first-
<■>""» custom: large Stock on hand. See
V. ILKE. 753 Market st; new number 845.
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up: close to
Palace Hotel; rent 4.10; a rare '-.urines < open-
ing, vail WILKi;, 753 Market St.. new num-
.bcr 545.
JCOO— BUSHED and flm-cluss pay- j
ing saloon; close to Baldwin Hotel; low rent;
elegant fixtureb; a great sacrifice: Important
business calls owner north. Call WILKE.
783H Market st.
A— s6oo RESTAURANT In the very best loca-
tion, doing a rushing business; first-class
price* and best class custom; low rent. In-
quire WILKE. 783 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon in choicest
down-town location, with building; long
lease; Ing a (list-class paying business;
other enjfapoments compel owner to sacrifice.
-_. WILKE, 753 "Market st.
SSSO— FIRST-CLASS butcher shop, north ot !
Market st. ; '1 horses, I wagons, hanobome
Ftore; clearing $125 to $150 per month; trial.
_ M LESS, 7ft Market Bt.
5500— SALOON, north! Market; great business i
fctreet; big transient ana regular trade; large i
stock, fine fixtures.; 0 living rooms; ow:-»r ;
there 8 years; other business cause of sale; |
_ genuine offer. M. LESS. T65 Market st.
$1100— CORNER saloon and liquor store, princi-
pal stre.n hoart »( city: old established: large
Mock; handsome fixtures; business speaks for
Itself; full Investigation to prove that this
offer is actually worth $1500; present owner
there for years; sickness compelling sale.
Apply M. LESS, 165 Market St., opposite Phe-
lain building.
MOO— Bakery; principal street, heart of city;
living rooms; rent $25; baking IV4 bbls. flour
per day; all store trade: impossible to find
anything better in this line. M. LESS. 763
Market St.
A-KREDO & CO. — Geary et.
,««-, t, UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$2000— store; good chance for practical
man. •
J3so— Roadhouse: San Bruno road; furniture.
$500— Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms.
$175— Grocery and bar; give-away.
JSW— Delicacy: fine corner; with 11 vine rooms.
$450— Best shooting galler;- ; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
CIGAR stands from $200 to $500; best part
Market and Kearny. KREDO & CO.. 22H
Geary, st.
$200 — TEA and coffee route; will pay $73 per i
month. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., a Kearny st. !
SALOON and restaurant. 4 rooms, build-
Ing, including lease. M.Laughlin. 23 Kearny.
$250— "PARTNER wanted in good paying butcher
shop; fine horse and wagons; no experience
necessary: owner prefers partner to hired
help. See McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
$1100 — CORNER grocery and bar; good horse an.l
wagon; stock worth price asked. McLAL'GH-
LIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$1500— SALOON; owner is ing Into extensive'
business. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny. !
PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly for cash, HEALY, 917 Market Bt.
— GRAND chance for steady man as part- i
ncr in saloon and lunch house; owner In other !
business; cannot give it his whole attention, j
HEALY, Sl7 Market st.
$260 SNAP; corner saloon with S. furnished i
rooms; Fourth st.. near Market: fine fixtures; I
good business; $25 month. BASILE. 873^ Mkt.
PARTNER wanted; light business: Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given: fIU to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary St., room 2.
PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady-
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial I
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third st.,
• room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— Druggist, liquor, furniture, dry
goods merchants for elegant new stores, spec-
lal Inducement. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
FOR Sale— cigar stand, with laundry
office, candy and notion store; good trade: ;
fixtures and furniture. Inquire at 29 f'th St.
I "OR — Cheap; a butter, eggs and delicacy
stall with fine trade; Investigate this. Grand
Western Market, cor. Polk and Austin sts.
PAYING cash milk business; 2 wagons; 2 |
routes; 3 horses; milk depot;, cheap: owner
leaving town. U. S., box 7, Call. Oakland.
$400 Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; all rented;
■ saloon doing fine business; best location in
city; rent $20 month. Box 549, Call office.
BAZAAR— WeII paying business; must sell;
full Investigation asked and desired. Ad-
dress M., box 41, Call office.
$275 — CORNER grocery and bar: clean stock;
2 living rooms; rent $20. 117 Flllmore st.
CORNER saloon for sale; cheap for cash. 1121
Harrison st.
GROCERY store for sale. Inquire at 220 First
St., northwest corner Tehama.
$K'O— CIGAR store. Northwest corner Kearny
and California sts.
NEWSPAPER route and general news agency.
Agent, box 543, Call office.
FOR sale— old-estab.ished groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
$275— LIGHT manufacturing business, route, I
horse and wagon, etc.; other business causa
of sale: suitable for young man willing to do I
plain light work. Particulars at 244 Third st.
STOCK and fixtures of a well-paying cigar
store for sale; must be sold within three days
on account of other business; southeast cor-
ner Sansome and Washington sts.; no agents.
DRUG Store — A bargain; owner has other busi-
ness to attend to; must sell at once. Ad-
dress box 568, Call office.
PARTNER wanted; experienced laundryman
with $300 to Invest in a hand laundry. Box
553. Call office.
$400— A SNAP: oil business; 19 Sixth St.; value
In sight, $1000; wagons, horses, etc. PHIL-
LIPS.
PARTY with $100 can buy interest in ex-
ceptional drug store. Address box 563, Call.
$150— GROCERY, bar; 4 living rooms and
stable. Apply 455 Clementina St.
FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
$400— RESTAURANT in country town for sale;
no cash rent to be paid. It being taken out
in board; good transient trade and several
regular boarders. For particulars address box
678. Call Office.
WANTED — Good restaurant man with small
capital, Call at Terminal Hotel, Haight and
Btanyan sts. ...
$225— CIGAR store; Al location. Inquire Call
" office.
$350— FOR sale; a chop house doing a good
business; rent $15; this Is a bargain. Ad-
dress box 480, Call office. ____
SALOON in Oakland will be sold cheap.
WICHMAN. LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS paying restaurant; established
for 8 years with same owners; best location;
junction of two leading streets; trial given
. before purchasing; price made to suit buyer;
present owners going to Europe. For particu-
lars address K. J.. box 9, Call office, Oakland.
FOR SALE or ■ exchange— s3soo; drug store:
Galveston; on principal street; doing good
business; owner has other, business. O.
BERGER, Galveston, Texas.
WOOD and coal business, old stand; must
sell Immediately; no agents. Box 403. Call.
BUTCHERS, attention.—F or sale very cheap,
one of the best shops In the city: other
business the cause of selling. Box 4678, Call.
CORNER grocery for sale; 20 years under pres-
e nt owner, who leaves on account of sickness.
Eighth and Harrison sts., opposite Recreation
Park." ' -
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard for sale.
Box 455, Call office. .
SALOON for sale. 333 Bush st.
FOR sal*! — Call route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose.
BUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. . Lorin, Cal. 
__ ._ __^______________—_____,
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
.' W. CASWELL & CO.' B. 415 Sacramento st.
~ LUGAL NOTICES.
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute in such case mads , and ■ provided, no-
' tice .is hereby given th;_t the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the- California .Pactflo
Railroad Company, railroad corporation* j In-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
' sent of the stockholders holding, more than
threc-fourthe In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of. the respective Boards of Directors o(
said corporations, made and entered , Into -. In
accordance with «urh consent, and pursuant
to the statute In such case made and ' pro-
vided did. on the 14th r day of April, A. D.
IS9S amalgamate »"d consolidate their capital
itork debts property, assets and franchises
under the corporate name and . style of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company -
Secretary of th» Southern '. Pacific . RaUrond
Ban VrnnriP»n; O»l.*. Mwv * 1 "*- ."':
GOODS left at 423 Sixth, "■ Mrs. Miller's, will be
•old if not redeemed within one month. :
• * PERSONALS.
JACK— Letter received; It will be O. K. if you
meet me Sunday,- 2 o'clock. ■•-■■■ R. ■■
IDA SHICK: . Please come to 822 Jessie st.:
very important. SOPHIE.
MATRIMONY.
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only leglmate matri-
monial assn. west of v^uicavo; details free.
MARRY— Money refunded if not suited within
,6 months; send 12c for monthly matrimonial
-paper and special terms. Address "WEDDING
BELL." 11l Ellis st.. r - San Francisco. Cal.
BUSINESS i ERSONALB.V -
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order:
clothes that fit; clothes that jar the high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for Instance, on a $20 suit.
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway. Oakland.
THERE is a great difference in hair: I dress
your hair correctly:, price. (So only; good
Switches $1; best, finest quality $3 50; extra
heavy, long. Jr'; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC llphts In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
Isc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to }6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
GET a first-class shave at the lady barber's,
316 Third st. ■ '. ■ ' ■
MRS JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
page, salt baths and herb cure. 679 Geary st.
MAGlCALperformances given lor all occasions;
magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY, 309 Sixth.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stops ' hair from fall-
ing out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
HOME In confinement: ! diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy 'nstallments. L.
LF.MOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies* French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOR SALE
2S-room boarding house $3500
24 rooms; transient ; clears $]-"0 500
25 rooms on Market: clears $100 500
36- room house: 2 fronts: offer wanted
4 20-room houses; from $300 to ....• 1600
8 60-room houses; from $1400 to 3000
3 105-room houses: from $2500 to 6000
65-room hotel; cost $10.000 3800
60-room apartment house for exchange.. 4000
7-room flat on Geary st 250
20- mom house ...$SOO| 22-room house ..$5OO
10-room house .. 150 24 rooms, corner.. 750
55 rooms, cor ..3MO! 14 rms. on Sutler 700
H. C, DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A~KREDO & CO — 22's Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 500
houses; all sizes; all prices.
Following are a few special bargains:
23 rooms: reduced from $1000 to $600
3* rooms; worth $2500; for 1300
20 rooms; sunny corner: bargain at $2000. .1600
20 rooms; rent only $60 750
• Many large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.. 224
Oeary ft. ' ■'
32000— LODGING house wanted In exchange for
Oakland unlncumbcred lvuse and lot. KRE-
uO & CO.. 2:>* Geary, st. -
$1000— LODGING house north of Market St.;
cost $1500; -leaving the State cause of sale.
Mi I.AUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
BUY of owner; $700 cash; 21-room house; cen-
tral and full of steady roomers; rent $80
month: Investigate this. Box 316. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
MASON, 616— For sale furniture of 10-roomed
house; good locality for room . renting.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10.
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office. (SO
Market st.
FOR SALE— A trip to Klondyke and a year's
provisions free. Apply 1501 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
fame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments. and some good piano? for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
ets., San Francisco, and . Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of .Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all ether musical instruments of all
• grades #nd prices. -Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
OWING to school vacation we have too many
renting pianos .on hand. Do. you want a
snap? Fine uprights, $125. $140. $150; best
ever offered for the money. BEN J. 1 CURT
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. Chlckerlng agts.
CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary St.. cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a plan.; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
SOHMER «r CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos ; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. SOS, 310. 311 Post st.
AX Emerson piano, good for practice. $50; an-
other, $75; also elegant piano, $175. J. DEW-
ING CO., room 12. Flood building.
NEW pianos rented, $2 50 per month. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes . st. j»
BEST go*d!<; lowest prlres; easy payments:
planes to rent at MAUVAIS', 7C9. Market st. 1
BARGAINS— JIOO. $125, $150: agency famous
Halnes Bros. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert. Steinway.
Neuman, others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: price lowest, uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis St.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
st., next Hlbernta Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
ML'LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hnnd. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
NO. 3 Blake's Improved steam pump, with
hand power attachment; suction pipe i»_
Inch; discharge 1% Inches; complete: ready
for use. Address R., box 3, Call office, Oak-
land.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture And fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
- Mission St., above Sixth.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment: 1
a*nd i bowl barber washstands, cheap. lIUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. 614-516-518 Mission St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. 80. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mate.. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sixes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per doz. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupt, 983-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE •mill, scale, hand-truck, ' letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. '
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
MA RKE-. Branch office of Thr Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— until »:J9
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions «nd want ads taken. '-s;
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC Domestic Singer and White
. cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission si.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented. ■ repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 345 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing, lowest rates. 20r> Fourth Rt.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
.88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to - BPAULDING'S i Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 853-57 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st.;
• teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S : Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 463
Stevenson St.: tel. S. 22.; lowest rates.; y ,
CARPETS cleaned at Jc per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Elg h it; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT -Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 St st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. I MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
: st.: cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. "Ast 126. ■ : : v
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch . office ;of The CalL
. Subscriptions and want ads taken. ' -/■
BICYCLES!. ..;V: : .>, .'
BRAN new Rlx bicycle. for sale on account of
owner going to Manila. LE W""J< •■ ur^
Larkln and . McAllister its. v ■>,■,. v: ■■." ; :
THE SA!N FBAN CISCO CALL, SATTIBDAY, JUKE 11, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms," bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. • DEMPSTER. :36 Glen I
Park aye., off Twelfth st. '»■>■*■
ALL OVER TOWN— ' — -
You see houses to rent ! by I BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
- you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
FOLSOM, 2328— 8 ay-window house, 7 rooms,
bath and laundry; rent $23. .■■-''■
SUNNY house, 6 rooms, bath; in good condl-
tlon, $18. 2828 Pine st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
GROVE, sfs, bet. Webster FllTmore — Sunny
furnished flat: 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable If desired: rent reasonable; references
given & required: call between 10 and. 2..
TAYLOR. Completely rumi :hed sunny
house. 10 rooms and bath. ■. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 pm. ■■■■.;■.>■ ' ,
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORNER cottage of 5 rooms, $13; yard. Lom-
bard and Hyde . sts.
FOLSOM. 1265,: near Ninth— 3. sunny rooms;
yard; basement; cheap to small family.
FOR summer; Marin County: 45 minutes; fur-
. nished 7-room cottage; reasonable; reference.
Box 693. Call office. ■■
MODERN cottage, 401 Laurel St., cor. Sacra-
mento: sun all day. MADISON A BURKE.
SUNNY cottages. 5 and 6 rooms; bath: base-
ment: yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth st.. near
■ Dolores. . ' •••.•-.'-.■ ■
— COTTAGE. 5 rooms; prettiest in city: new;
?963 Twenty-first et.: key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
ACCOMMODATION for 2■■ families, flat of 7
sunny rooms an.l bath; rent $16. 733 Stevenson.
A FINE view— New sunny upper flat of ' 6
rooms and bath. 1005 Hayes st.
ALL OVER TOWN ! i
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN _
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT modern, sunny flat of 8 rooms. 2019
Sacramento st. - .-. .
FIFTEENTH. 2156, north of Market— sunny,
modern flat of 6 rooms, bath and basement;
rent cheap. Inquire 324 Kearny st., or AS-
TON & ELDRIDGE. -
FLATS. 5 and 6 rooms. $12 and $14: also cot-
tage. 4 rooms, $10. Key 623 Second St., near
Buchanan.
FLATS— Upper flat, 4. choice sunny rooms, $13.
1120 Broadway. • ■_ -
FULTON. llS— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath: near City Hall. •
JACKSON. 3601. southwest corner of Spruee —
■ Lower Hat, 4 sunny rooms, kttcher. and bath; .
fireplaces and grates; gas; presses; yard, etc.; i
separate entrance ; unobstructed view of the
■ bay; adults preferred; $20 a month.
MINNA. 637. between Seventh and Eighth-
Nice, clean sunny flat 3 rooms. $10.
SCOTT. 2038. cor. Secramento— Sunny upper cor-
ner flat. 8 rooms, attic; reasonable.
$14— NEW flat 5 rooms, bath. 61 Pond st.
between Noe and Sanchez, Sixteenth and
• Seventeenth. . ■ i
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st." and Glen !
Park aye.. $13. $14, $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP- !
STER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
TO LET— Sunny upper furnished flat of 5
rooms: rent reasonable to the right party.
2751 1 * Bush st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BAKER. 2110—3 rooms, alcove, bath; complete-
ly furnished; piano; $20; references.
BARTLETT, 134—2 or 3 furnished sunny rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable.
BRYANT, 430— Nice large clean sunny room,
complete for housekeeping, $9 a month.
BUSH — 3 large well furnished rooms, front;
first floor, with bath, $22 £0; also nicely fur-
nished front suite and bath. $15.
BUSH, 1238, near Larkln— 3 sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
CLAY, 1026—3 large rooms, unfurnished, for
housekeeping; good order; $8 60. ■ " ■ .
EDDY, 608— Large furnished room; hot and
cold water; use of kitchen. .
EDDY, Very desirable front connecting
.housekeeping; gas range; splendid location.
EIGHTH, 36, near Market— Unfurnished, 2
large sunny front rooms; bath; cheap. "
EIGHTH. 246— Large sunny front housekeeping
•j. room, bath, $8. . ...... •
FIRST, Housekeeping and single rooms;
all sunny; very reasonable. • .
FIFTH, 313— Clean sunny furnished 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath. $21; also one. $7. .
FOLSOM, Sunny complete housekeeping
rooms; double or single; rent cheap; quiet
family. .-...'- . ■ ." ■
FOLSOM. 15S1— furnished housekeeping rooms;
lower floor; one bay window; good for dress-
maker; rent $12. •
FOLSOM, 2848— or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms, unfurnished, with gas stove; cheap;
without children. ■
FULTON. 116— Front sunny room complete for
housekeeping. $10 month: 2 back rooms. $S.
GEARY. 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal: $20.
I GOLDEN Gate. 640— Nicely furnished isunny
• apartments of 2. 3 or 4 rooms; single.
GUERRERO, 1147, near Twenty-fourth— Sunny
front room, bedroom and kitchen, $12.
HARRIET. 92, cor. Folsom, above 6th— 3 nice- |
ly furnished housekpg rooms, complete, $10.
HOWARD, 10.">9>4— Sunny completely furnished
housekeeping; also double and single rooms,
$5 up. ■■•■■■■-■-
HOWARD, 2337% sunny I rooms completely
furnished. $12. .'
HYDE, 415—2 housekeeping rooms; cheap. .
JESSIE, 373, near Market st.— Housekeeping
. suites, $7, $10 and $16; private family.
LEWIS, 18, ' off Taylor, near Post— Furnished
room and kitchen; reasonable.
. MCALLISTER. 840— 2 sunny rooms; furnished !
for housekeeping. v,
MINNA, Large front room and kitchen for
housekeeping; no children.
MISSION, 829 — 2 laree sunny housekeeping
rooms neatly furnished; $12 per month.
MISSION, 915^ — 2 furnished housekeeping j
rooms; also front suite.'
MISSION, 1063— Clean sunny rooms; housekeep-
. ing and others; week or month: very cheap.
MISSION, 1729%. near Thirteenth— house-
keeping room, bath and laundry, $6; single, $3.
NINTH, 21— Large sunny bay-window rooms
complete for housekeeping, $8; running
water ; gas. ■■•
PAGE, 1 21— 2- sunny unfurnished rooms for
' housekeeping, $7 per month; furnished rooms,
_$5 up. . ■ ■ - ■ ■
PAGE. 434— sunny rooms and bath, partly
furnished. Call from 10 to 12 a. m.
POLK, Gos— Large clean front sunny alcove
room; exclusive kitchen; bath; gas; $17.
POLK, 1643— newly furnished large sunny
. front rooms for housekeeping; rent $20.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 = sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $9 per month. ' .
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, I com-
. plete; first floor; hot, cold water; bath; gas.
THIRD, 340—2 rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $8. .
TURK, 201— Two front rooms for housekeeping;
corner house; gas and bath; $16.
TURK, - 643— Large front • room, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $11.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3723, near Dolores—
,-.' bay-window room for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, 280— A furnished sunny front suite,
with use of kitchen;' also single rooms; rent
reasonable; references ' exchanged. ■ ■ . ■'
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE or 5 pleasant ' sunny rooms, furnished
housekeeping: nice grounds; central. 615 15th.
7~~^. ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; ■ reasonable;
Com. Transfer ■■ Co., •22 ' Stockton st.; ■f trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 'Kearny st— Pleasant
sunny . rooms, en suite | and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable. • -' . • v
AT 52 Second st.— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms: $1 a week and up.
AT 242 Stockton — Sunny rooms; pretty * view;
■'. quiet house; baths; gas; very ■■ reasonable. ; ■
AT 147 Powell and ' 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
: nished rooms by day, week or month. v
BOHEMIA— Post — Newly * furnished; all
conveniences . central; $3 50 , week up. ■
BRYANT, • 458— A small ' sunny . furnished room,
with bath; cheap. /: " . — ":;■ " . ;
BUSH, ." 910 — Nice large sunny x room, ■: with or
without ■ small kitchen ; : -- gas i stove, ? running
: water; nice location; optional. vr ;
BUSH, . 2509%, f near :• Scott— Sunny : room ; new
flat; use of parlor; privilege of light house-
: keeping; -: also , hall t bedroom ; s cheap. 'c "~ -
DELAWARE, 1438 Furnished ' or ■ un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, 110 mo.
•_--> ROOMS TO Continued. [j .j:' •
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double ! ,
rooms, $5 a month and up. ./...- , ; : : ;
ELEGANTLY furnished apartments with spe- ,
cial privileges . for . refined . gentleman; no I "
" other roomers. Address E. G., box 451, Call, i
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny :
rooms and suites for : gents, $1 50. to $8 week. I.'
ELLIS. 518— Sunny housekeeping . rooms, I fur- '
nished, $15. . i •
FOLSOM, 766 1 .— 2 large sunny furnished rooms .
, to let very reasonable. - i
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms. X-
FIFTH. 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
. rooms to let. . - - '
GEARY, 595, cor". Jones— Elegant sunny rooms, •
suites and single; strictly first-class; refs. 3
GEARY. 622— Nice 6unny single, room, $8 !
month; also handsome front room; gentlemen. :
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard— -
Sunny rooms, moderate; - also housekeeping, i .
GLOBE Houso. 821 Howard— night. 25a to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard car».
GOLDEN GATE aye., 630— Neatly furnished
i room for. gentleman only. : -.
HANCOCK House. 781 " Mission— Select family i
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week. . . :
HARRISON, 914%. bet. Fifth and Sixth sts— '
Pleasant front room suitable for 2; private ■
family. . c • . *
HOWARD, 741— Sunny front bay-window j
. -. rooms; also housekeeping, rooms. .. • :_• ; .
HOWARD, 1806. corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny j .
front rooms; rent i
HYDE, 1105— "The Victoria," nicely furnished I
rooms with or without board. I
JONES, 301— Sunny front rooms nicely fur- j■:
nished; board If desired; private family. ■
LARKIN, 1200 — Sunny front rooms; $4 and j
Up. ■ . ''- ■■ ' : • .
MARKET, Thoroughly renovated newly :
furnished sunny rooms, suites or single,
suitable for offices or doctor; also housekeep- ;
Ing. $6 up. ; . '
MCALLISTER, 1270—2 elegantly furnished sun- '
. ny r»H)T>t; 1 alcove; bath.
MISSION. 763— A fine large furnished front
room for 2 gentlemen, $9 month. -
MISSION. 1226— large sunny parlor; piano, '■
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month. .
MISSION, 1512—3 sunny furnished rooms.
NATOMA, 252&. near Fourth— Z unfurnished
front rooms.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PHILADELPHIA Furnished rooms. 750 j
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POST, — Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
■ class 'in every respect MRS. M. SCHULZ. j
POWELL, 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, !
single or en suite, cheap; see them.
"RANDOLPH," Post and Mason— Bay-window I
parlors and suites; smaller rooms; $1 50 to $4.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
. near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER State House. 16-18 Mason Fur- I
nished rooms; single, $100 to $3 a week; '
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric \
lights; hot and cold , water; transient sollc- |
ltcl; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE, j
proprietor. .
SUTTER. 1148— sunny rooms, or as offices; 1
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
TAYLOR, 207— Furnished sunny rooms, $6 per
month up; bath and gas.
THIRD. First floor; 6 rooms; all x>r sepa-
rately. ■ . ■.-■•■■ ,- ■■ . , ■■• ;
TURK, 19— Nicely furnished rooms; suites;
also single rooms. !
TURK, 126— Two unfurnished sunny front-
rooms; suitable for light housekeeping; no !
children. ■■ ."- •. -■• -■..■■. ■ .-
TURK. 405— Front sunny furnished rooms; $6
op; bath.
TURK, 639— Nice sunny single and double I
rooms In private family, $6 month up.
ROOMS A..D BOARD.
ALL . sunny bay-window rooms, . everything ■
new, cheerful; first-class every respect; board
optional. The Sirius, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars
6CUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week. !
THE Oriel— With or without board; new, ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites,' with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly. ■■■ • -■■• : . , ;
j SUTTER, 1128— Changed hands; large sunny j
rooms, also single rooms, -.. with or without 1
board; home cooking and comforts. In private j
; house; rates to visitors. :. , ...■■.' ;
SUTTER, 767— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex- ■
: ceptlonal board; select location; reasonable.
VAN NESS 'aye., - 808 — Sunny newly furnished !
rooms, electric lights, • bath, with board;
. terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GE^M^^amlly~wlthout"chUd7eirwTm^TThild I
GERMAN family without children wants child I
to board. Call or address K. D., 1032 Hamp-
shire St., bet. 22d and 23d. . ... y
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children or !
Infant. 3279 Seventeenth St., near Mission.
j JESSIE, Good home for infant or 1 or 2
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
. mother's care: references. 2"4'_ Sixth nt.
STORES TO LET.
TO Let— floor of building, 1010 Howard St.,
near Sixth; 37:6x90 feet: 2 large lofts; suitable
for stable, milk depot, factory, storage, etc. j
TO Let— Butcher shop, completely fitted: cor. i
i Cortland and Andover ayes. . Apply 440 Cort- !
land aye. : . \ ,
$15— STORE and room; good for dressmaker, j
bakery, or tailor. Apply 355 Fifth st. |
NORTHEAST corner Pacific and Sansome sts.; !
handsome corner store, with or without base-
ment; cheap.
HOWARD, 1802. corner Fourteenth— Store; 2 j
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap. j
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express- I
Second floor; power available for straw i
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
~~ MEDICAL. ~
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of I
monthly Irregularities (trom whatever cause) I
In a few hours; safe and sure at nil times :
' when others have failed; no instruments used; '■
home in confinement: pills and capsules, $1; j
; every case guaranteed: consultation free and
confidential: hours 10 to 6 and 7 to 8. mks.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments ised; guaranteed |
: cure at office, $6; travelers helped Instantly; I
home In confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
A REGULAR physician, having had 15 years' ]
experience, ha» just arrived from the East,
and, wishing to remain in California for a
time, desires to take charge of a physician's
business who may want to take a vacation;
the best of references given and physician's
. interests carefully guarded. Call or address
between 7 and 8 p. m., room, 125, Grand Hotel,
San Francisco. '
ALL : Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
' '60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity ; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, --■ privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; aelf-cure Bent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 59 McAllister
Bt:; pills, $l; very strong, $2; cure, $5. .-;-, y :
ALL of . Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure • for all female diseases ; » posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, v sent : free ■ by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
• Grant aye., - S. F. ■ A Caution— Before pur- j ■
chasing elsewhere write us. ..
NEW process;: a great progress \ln medical !
science for female trouble; no matter from
what cause; no medicine or instruments '
•■used; restores in one day without fall; every
• woman her . own ' physician; away, - disgrace : !
consultation free: can be sent . and used at .
home; by the well known DR. POPPER, 318
' Kearny St. ' Call on a man physician. r
DR. WISE'S, 123 Eddy - St., formerly lof 800
Kearny, and late of Bellevue Hospital, ■N. T. :
: diseases of .women;: advice free; experienced
lady attendant. r ■■■-.--,. - .-..- . ;
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every , '
•-. comfort; best :; care > and ■ attendance; - terms I :
: moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— price i
I $1 60; I RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: fiend I
%' 2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu- I
facturlng Co., 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal. ■ ft ■
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles ■ with j ;
;> female troubles : >no danger; , safe : cure; $2 60; !
: express CO. D. don't delay until too late. ' ■
•< OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal. j
NORTH Beach Sanitarium. 1412 Mason St.; prl- j
• • vate ; home jin j confinement ; ; competent i physt- i
clans and nurses: trms. Powell-st. cars.
MRS. ARCH ARD.' midwife: •; home 'in 1 conflne-
; ment; confinement alone $5. -156; Second st. ■:-;■' ,
DR.' HALL. «9 ■■ McAllister ;' st. ; ;T diseases •' of
./; women and children.." .; .;.' ;;■-•'.;. ,^.- ;■-:- . ..■;:
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; : Infallible, safe rem- !
edies; 38 years' experience. _54*_ Fourth st.
A WEEK'S ■: news "; for. C cents— Th« ; Weekly j ;
Call, in wrappers, for mailing. J
CITY REAL ESTATE.
4-nOOM cottage, nearly new. for ■■ sale cheap
 on account of departure. H. NIERENDORF.
20 Joy st., near . Brewster. Bernal Heights. .
- COUNTRY REAL =" ESTATE.
MODERN cottage in Berkeley for exchange
for country property: near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7655, .. Call office. ..
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, i barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full , line farming Imple-
ments; '6 ,.. acres vines; balance "corn and
beans;- cood road: ; near station; will ex-
' change for city property; or ISO 1 ) cash, balance'
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, 133 Third.
FINE S. F. business property • part cash and
-good home across bay. F. F.. box" 565, Call.
' DENTISTS.
A FULL ' set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work :
our specialty; fillings, He; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors,. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132. ;
NEW YORK Dentists— set of teeth, J5 up;
; painless extraction; fillings, 2f,c up; old platca
made over' or ■ mended; work- warranted;:
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. ! 959 Mia-'
slon st., southeast corner of Sixth. -
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st.. nr. llth;
no charge for . extracting when • plates an*
made; old plates made over like new: teeth
from $8 per set; extracting f,oc; gas given. ■
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-!
ist, . discoverer of painless extracts- and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-.
Ings. 997 Market St.. ; corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL, 554 Sutter; crowns. $5;
aluminum . plates & bridge: work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUR.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. CO3-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
.W. KEY, 1320 Market st. , ...
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 184r Polk st. -
PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room IS, 320 Sansome St.,
San Francisco, .Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
' Saturday, June 25, IS9S, and opened imme-
diately thereafter in the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies for the Veterans'
Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad station
Yountville). for the six months commencing
July 1, ISSB, and ending December 31, 1898.
Schedules with information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the . conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less it is in accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will, enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of • acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified. ■
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome
: St., San Francisco, Cal. By order of ■ the
Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS— For " the repair 'of bituminous
ruck pavements— Oflice r of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and County
of San Francisco, June S. li'9s.
In accordance with resolution No. 1242 (fourth
series) of the Board of Supervisors. . SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON.
June 20, l&Ss, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for repair-
Ing and keeping In good order and condition,
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintendent
of Streets and of the Board of Supervisors, all
streets or portions of streets, including street
crossings and Intersections, which are now or |
may be hereafter paved with bituminous rock, j
for a term of two (2) years I from July 1, ISUS, I
to and including June 30, 1900.
The repairs are to be maue in strict accord-
ance with specifications on file and open for
inspection, la this ottice. ,
- A llstroi streets and. street crossings, etc.,
now. paved with bituminous rock, and which
will require to be kept in repair, as above
stated, is also or. tile and open tor inspection
In this otlice, and all streets or portions of
streets paved with bituminous rock and accept-
ed by the city and county, are included and
must be put in good condition and kept in
thorough repair, whether they are recited in
said list or not. All streets and street cross-
ings enumerated in said list must be put in
good repair »and : condition -within a' period of
three months from award of contract, and
must be kept in good repair until the expira-
tion of the contract;" In' addition to all streets
or portions of streets paved with bituminous
rock and accepted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of the contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond has been given and Is. in force for keep-
ing the same in repair; also, those portions of
streets required by law to be kept in repair by
the street railway companies having . tracks
thereon. . , , ■.'■-...
NOTICE — Bidders must state a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the understanding that monthly payments
will be made therefor to the extent of one-
twenty-fourth of the sum bid, on a certificate
from the Superintendent |of Streets, approved
by the Board of Supervisors, that the work lis
being satisfactorily performed. . ■ ■
Bidders will also be required to file with
their bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysis and a sample of the bituminous rock to
be used in carrying out and performing the
work under this contract.' ■-■ v
And it -is to be distinctly understood that
eight, hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two ($2) dollars per day; also, that the
amount of the. bond to be given will not be
less than one-half the amount bid for the per-
formance of this work.
No bid will be received or entertained from
any person, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully . equipped plant sufficient for the
performance of this work. -. ■ . . •
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contract, to pay the coat of
advertising this notice in three daily news-
papers. \ , . : ■.; -
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award, the .board has resolved to re-
ceive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, ., and • a certified
check for the sum of five thousand ($5000) dol-
lars In favor of and made payable to the Clerk
of the board, . must be deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned. If the proposal is accepted and
the contract awarded, and if the bidder shall
fail or neglect to execute a written agreement
and give the bond required within six. (6) days
after the award is made, then, and in that
case, the said' sum shall be paid Into the city
and county treasury by' said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
. The board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require. . . • : ,
. .. JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— to an
,< . order of the Board of . Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that . sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24, ■■. 1898, r for furnishing the
■ materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion i of. ; the San : Diego ' State Normal
School building. :'.: '. --: ; T«**t&'a*S3aK:- :i ;;.' -- :
. Separate proposals will be received and
"■ separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and - performing the labor neces-
\ sary for each of the following parts of said
building, to : wit: 1. For, the masonry work
"■'■■ including „ all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing; 2, for the iron work; 3, for the carpenter,
-■■ plastering; ' electric " and glazing work ; 4. for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5. for the
tinning and galvanized iron work; ' 6, for
painting and varnishing. •
•%' No proposal will .be considered • unless ac-
. companied with t a bond of such proposer,
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least " two good and * sufficient sureties, ■ con-
f"<nnei that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
. tract. ■- ■■ .'.-• ■'■ , ■•"'■ '■ '' <,-•"• - ■.•••'. .. •■- ■ ■': : ■
,- Each proposal must be . made on. blanks
furnished for that purpose, and. together,
' with the * above-mentioned ' bond, - inclosed ,in
'a sealed envelope, addressed , to the Trustees
State Normal School of Pan Diego, with an
indorsement thereon showing what portion
: of the building la covered by the Inclosed pro-
• posal, end delivered to the Merchants' Na-
: tional Bank of San Diego, California, before
•10 o'clock a. m. of ' June 24. 'IS9S.- -. • ,-, ■ •
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
«' contracts ". based ■' thereon ■ will .-be--- made :* on
June 24. 1898, at 10 o'clock a, m., at room '35.
' ' Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Call-
fornia. l -.' ■'■'■?} "--'.; : ■--." ;i 'W '■.'-■:,• *„-,. ■-.. ,-,,.-,r';
■ The contractor* to whom contracts are
: awarded will •be - required to file with said
" board a good : and ■;.- sufficient bond to the
■ ' amount of '. 25 per cent • of , ; the ' contract . price
'; for; the faithful and proper performance . of
his contract.
. The plans and ' specifications' of said build-
■ ing can be seen during business hours at the
office of . Hebbarri & GUI, * architects. Grant
building, San Dieco, , California. • •
' ; The . Board ■of : Trustees .. reserves : the ' right
to reject any or all proposals made. . ■•; , •:
State , Normal • School of . San Diego, . Call-;
• By W. ; R. GUY. President Board .Trustees. I
: -\ ; Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary, v. s
PROPOSALS « for I Steam ' Coal— Office Aof the
Chief Quartermaster. Philippine. Expedition-
ary ' Forces, room ! 107, Phelan . building," San
Francisco. Cal.. June 8, 1898.— Proposals will
' be • received : until ■ 1 : o' clock p. •m. Monday,
June 13, • IS9B, " and opened i immediately . there-
> after, for furnishing to the United 'States lat
Kan , Francisco, Cal., at • Honolulu, v Hawaiian
vlslands,v Islands, and ' at Manila. v Philippine "; Islands,
steam 1 coal required * for United | States trans-
port vessels. For -further -Information; apply
to the undersigned. The right is reserved t to
aocept or reject any ■ or all : proposals. ■> "W. ; A.
Vr ~> WADSWORTH, : Major and <' Quartermaster,
i raited States Volunteer!. . • < %
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. '
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY. '
- * - r . OAKLAXD ' REAL ESTATE.
LOTS $75; $5 cash. $5 : monthly; - build your ,
home or we will-build for you: payment as J
rent: $20 cash, $5 monthly;. about % acre; ro-
mantic spot for a cozy home; trees, - shrub-
bery, etc.; soil and climate the best: Gallndo
Tract, East Oakland: streets all graded and
macadamized ; : city f water and sewer; • 2 elec-
tric car . lines- and ; fine schoolhouse; - nice
homes surrounding and building up rapidly;
price $500; a liberal discount for cash.. Call or <
send ' for circular, 455 Seventh rt.. corner
Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES Owner.
30-PAGED Illustrated catalogue free at E. E. '
BUNCE S, 908 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno- :
a vated: under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed: American and European |
plan; the table is a special feature: meals 152 j -
up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehlcr
& Co.. Props.. 1165 Washington." Tel. Main 168. j
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNY 8- room house; central; nice grounds, .
near trains; rent $50. Box D, Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND | ROOMS A\D IIOAHD.
ARLINGTON Hotel. Washington and~Nln"th
fits.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low summer rates. . - ■ -
FINE sunny suite: also sunny cingle room; va- j
cant June 1. THE V iRNR, E62 Eighth >t.
OAKLAND DRESS MAKING. ,
FASHIONABLE ladies' tailor and dressmaker. !
Boston. Woolen. Mills. :J) Broadway; Oakland. 1
OAKLAND FURMTIfniS FOR, SALE.
FURNITURE r 1 household goods thin week. J
> SCHKLLIIAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh St. '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA Mi: DA REAL ESTATE.
$1100— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; close to
station and High School- street . work,
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
$1300 Modern cottage. and lot In good location; ;
any terms; snap. ; . . . ....
$2200— close an estate; fine modern cottage,
5 rooms; lot 50x140; best location; $1500 can
remain.
$3500— Modern colonial cottage. 6 rooms; corner
. lot; good locution; very easy trims.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let in all parts of Alameda.
11. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St..
■ Alameda.
SNAP— house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap- {
ply to owner. . 1612 Chapln st. * . . . j
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
'. FINE C-room cottage, all modern, good loca-
tion; rent $16. J. 11. YOUNG, 1243 Park, St.,
Alameda... .-. - . . |
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ' ;
$2200— 8-ROOM house, 1 block from station ; .lot j
60x137; constantly rented, $22; great bargain. '
FREESE , & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford 1
place, opposite Berkeley Station. »...: :
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
NICELY furnished sunny suite with good
board; plain cooking; $60 a month for two.
MRS. N. C, Berkeley. *
MONEY TO LOAN. ; ;'■•]
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances 'on : diamonds and Jew- !
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204. -., . .
| LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F..- Oak-
land cr Alameda. at lowest rates, ' without
removal; no commissions; no : delay*.' < J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above . Sixth ;■
tel. South 14. ' . tJ '
| $5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,:
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO.. 230 Kearny St., upstairs. i
ANY amount at 6,4 per cent on real estate ;-2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. :R. Me-
• COLGAN. 24 Montgomery at., room 3. ...
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no -re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st. ;
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10,-,
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 140 a Call bid*, j
j REAL estate, furniture or pianos. any amount; ,
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 .Montgomery. : I
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages,' ; estates in pro-
bate, etc.- Room 7. 508 California St. :' , ' ;
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition,"' Dryd»n, 413 Montgomery st. jj ■
CITY and country: any ''sum: Ist and 2d mort- ' I
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market St.! j
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister at.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■-. .-
PAWNBROKERS. I
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason St., bet. Market and Eddy. i
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows: |
Charles Sandstrom and Mary A. 8r0wne... 21 i
Christian N. Krog and Mary E. Stahr 36-19 !
Eddie L. Hays and Hattie I. Aber.... 31-19 j
Ben Cleveland and Alice Robinson 43-30
Cash L. Ledbetter and' Fannie Farnsworth.2B-2S
George W. Dunn and Eleanor F. Murphy.2l-2l
Henry Ebert and Ida L. Harvey.. ..........27-19
: BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS,
BORN.
BOYLE— In Vallejo, June 5, 1898, to the wife
of James Boyle, a son.
McENTYRE— Brentwood, May 30, 1898, to
the wife of John McEntyre, a son.
MANSFIELD— In Qu'inado.'May 25, IS9S, to the
wife of Edwin E. Mansfield, a son.
SOIiST— In Oakland, June 9,, 1898, :to the wife
of W. H. Sohst Jr., a son.
MARRIED.
BJOLSTAD— In this city, June
8, 1898, by the Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D.D.,
Andres Hjolstad and Anna Marie Blom-
qulßt, both of San Francisco. • ? ■ •■■
COFFEY— BASHAM— In Salinas, June 8, 1898,
by the Rev. George McCormick. Oscar A.
Coffey and Eva. M. Basham, both of San
.. Lucas. . i\
DUNN— MURPHY— In this city, June 10, 1898,
George Dunn and Eleanor Murphy.
McCLAY— FITZGERALD— In this city .June 9,
1898, by«the Rev, Robert Mackenzie. D.D.,
Samuel McClay and Amanda Fitzgerald.
PETERSON— In Blocksburg, June 5, 1
1898, by Justice of the' Peace G. W. Lugen- ]
beel, Louis Peterson and Lucy B. .Wood, both !
; of -Blocksburg-.
- . . DIED.
Antonlewlcz, Joze- ■ Kleffer, Katharine
• flna - .. . : Kucich, Joseph
Austin, D. B. v Kishimoto, T.
..Baker, Hannah B. ... ' Legault, Joseph I.
Berg, Peter A. ■ Livingstone, Mrs. H.
Baldwin, Louis D. . Lynch, Patrick C.
Brew, Katie .- McGlinchey, James
Brown. Frank ■ Meyn, Mathilda
Burr, George. W. . .Melody,- John W.
Champion, Georgie .F. Meadows, Willie T. ■
Coverdill, Robert J. Riedel, Hermann
Durlvage, Joseph '." Rooney, Patrick
, Elliott, James T. ' Seydon, Elmer E.
Eddy, - Mrs. Mary Stephens,' Capt. CM.
Howard, Sarah ./ ■... Btumke, ' Margaret H.
Hornung. Mrs. S. Schweitzer, Madeline
Hallln, Christian T. Sutton. George
Harris. Charles P.  Stingley, Mrs. L.
Johonson, • Mary '. Vibert, Maxime
Johnson, Otto Wlgg, Emma C.
Kelly, William J. ' Waldron, , Warren
ANTONIEWICZ— this city. June 8, IS9B. Jo-
zetlna Antoniewlcz, a native of Poland, aged
.. 58 years. • .
. (C^Frlends: and acquaintances are respect- i
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of [
J. 8. Godeau, '3os Montgomery, avenue, thence i
to* : Notre :: Dame . dcs ■ Vlctolres : (French)
• Church,- on -:• Bush J street, i between . Stockton
: and Dupont,'- where a mass- will be said for
the » repose -of * her ' • soul,*- commencing •at 9
o'clock. ■■ Interment -■ Holy i Cross ■ Cemetery by
. 10:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. ■•- - .'.,..; - ■' ' : : '
AUSTIN— In Tuolumne. June -6, . 1838. D. B. |
v Austin, a•: native •of Pennsylvania, - aged 64 i
■-.• years. ..'".' ' " : .:.'•.:•'; -. . ' .•■.'. ',':..'<
BAKER— < this city, -June ■9, . 1898, Hannah I
• Bell, beloved : wife ■, of : William > Baker, and
"grandmother of George W. and Thomas F.
it Douglas, . Mrs. T. Darmody and Louis Ett-
■ ling. - a native '< of ,- Castiebar, ■ County • Mayo,
Ireland, aged 66 years. , - : ■-•
/•. [C?* Friends and i acquaintances are respect-
■ fully invited to attend ! the funeral this day |
(Saturday),' at 4 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3262 Twenty-second •■: street, thence
to St. James Church. Twenty-third and Guer-
■ rero • streets, /.where j a requiem mass will . be
.- celebrated for the,, repose •of her soul, ■ com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. •• Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery- ;1 1 itLW>m.Hil>li il'i I *^
BERG— ; West Oakland, June 8, 1898, Peter
■"•. A., beloved husband of Rand. Berg.a native
..'Ot Norway,' aged 68 years. = A member of the
; Scandinavian -. Society sof - San Francisco.
• (CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
■•'. fully s invited to . attend i the ; funeral this - day
;• (Saturday), at ; 2 < o'clock, » from ' Our ' Savior's
; , Scandinavian -, Lutheran .;.* Church. ,". Howard i
street,.* between Twelfth and Thirteenth. >; In- i
. . terment Laurel ! HIU ; Cemetery. \ Remains at j ■
the :;■ parlors - of th« ■ California Undertaking I
: Company, , 121 \ Stockton i street, ~~\ com* l " ■-, of
Geary. |
BALDWIN— In the City and County Hospital.
June - 10. 1«S, Louis • Douglas Baldwin, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 37 years. ■ •■
BREW— ; Vallejo, June 7, 1898, Katie Brew.
..a native of Vallejo.
BROWN— In South San Francisco, June 10,
IS9B, Frank, dearly beloved and only son of
Frank and Maria Brown, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 month.
BURR— this city. June 9, IS9S, George W.
Burr, beloved father of Mrs. H. Shaft, a na-
tive of Maine, aged 70 years and 11 months.
tuT" Friends and ; acquaintances : are respect-
fully : invited to attend the funeral . this , day . .
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company. 22 and 26 Mint
. avenue. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CHAMPION— In Sacramento, : June 8. : 1898,
Georgie F. A. Champion, a native of Sacra-
mento, aged 3 months and 14 days.
COVERDILL— Vallejo, June 8, IS9B, Robert
iJ. : Coverdill, - a native of Illinois, aged 68
years. .
DURIVAGE— In Eureka, June 5, 1898. Joseph
Durivage, a native of Canada, aged 77 years.
ELLIOTT— In this city, June 8, IS9S, James T..
beloved son of the late John and Roseanna
Elliott, and brother of John. William, Frank.
Eunice and Lizzie Elliott, Mrs. L. Mlskel and
■ I the late Rose Elliott and . Mrs. R. Kerr. a
native, of San Francisco, aged 34 years and t
months.
C7*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tHIs day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
3 -dance, 701 Crescent avenue, Bernal Heights,
thence to Old St. Mary's College : Church,
where a • solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
EDDY— In San Jose. June 7. IS9B, Mrs. Mary
Eddy, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years. ; \
HOWARD— In Madera. Cal., June 9,' 1898,
Sarah, dearly beloved wife of Irvin Howard, \
mother of Mrs. William J. Planner. Mrs. C.
M. Erkson. Mrs. G. R. Butler and Mrs. Had-
ley Carlson, and sister of Mrs. J. Croskey.
aged 69 years. (San Jose papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 237 Hayes street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HORNUNG— In Eureka. Cal.. June 9, 1898, Mm. *
Sophie, beloved wife of J. J. Hornung,
mother of Mrs. Tillie Higgina and Mrs. ' So-
phie Stubenrauch, and grandmother of Willie,
Kurt and Elsie Diekelmann and Jack. .Guy,
Shirley and Fayette Hornung, aged 65 years.
HALLIN— In Vallejo, June 6. 1898, ' Christian '
T. B. Hall In. a native-, of Copenhagen, Den-
mark, aged 64 years.
HARRIS— In this city, June 10, ' 1898, Charles
P. Harris, a native of Sweden, aged 52 years.
JOHONSON— In this city, at the Potrero. June
• 10. IS9B, Mary, beloved daughter of Andrew
and Jane Johonson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 9 months and 21 days. •■.-•• -> '
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. ; 1106 Indiana street, between
Twenty-fourth . and Army, Potrero. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, June 6, 189S, Otto, be-
loved husband of Marsrette Johnson, and
father of Otto J. 11. Johnson, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 71 years 4 months
;. and 2 days. . ■ .
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. - fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonio
j Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
. streets, under the auspices of Mount Morlah
Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M. Please omit
I flowers.-- . .
KELLY— this city, June 10. IS9B. William X,
j dearly beloved son of James and Ella Kelly,
brother of the late Julia, Annie and John
; Kelly, and uncle of Bertie Moor, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years 1 month and 8
I days.
i >" C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
'' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
! (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
~ dence, 3 Vincent place, between Kearny and.
Montgomery, Union and • Green streets, .
1 thence to, St. Francis Church, where a high
requiem mass will be held, commencing at 11
...o'clock. - Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KIEFFER— this city, June 9, 1898. Kath-
arine," beloved wife of Charles .Kieffer. and
.v mother of Robert, George, Hlrt and Henry
..-Meyer, a native of Alsace, aged 52 years 5
I months and 6 days. '  . ■'.
in?" Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from th* parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment I. O. O. F. . Cemetery.
KUCICH— In this city, June 9. 1898, Joseph
' Kucich, beloved cousin of Jerome and Georg*
1 Kucich. a native of Komlza, Dalmatia, Aus-
! tria, aired 48 years.
[TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertaking
j parlors of'.Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524 Stock -
. ton street, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul
Church, corner of Filbert pnd Dupont streets,
' or ■ services. Interment Laurel HilJ Ceme-
■■.-tery..-,-' ■ . ■' ■ ' . .
KISHIMOTO— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. June 10, 1898. : Tomokichi Kishimoto, a
'native of Japan, aged 23 years.
LEGAULT— Near Lafayette, June 5. 1898, Jo-
r seph I. Legault, a native of Canada, aged 24
i "years. "
. LIVINGSTONE— In Feltnn, Santa Cruz County.
I , June 6, IS9B. Mrs. J-t. D. Livingstone, aged 38
i ■', years ' and 3 months.
LYNCH— In Vallejo. June 6. 1898. Patrick
.; Charles Lynch, 'a' native of County Wicklow,
Ireland, aged 60 years 2 months and 25 days.
I McGLINCHEY— In the City and County Hospi-
I "■talr"June - 10,"lS98, James McGlinchey, a na-
| tlve of Ireland, aged 55 years.
| MEYN— In San Rafael, June 9, IS9B, Mathilda,
*■ . dearly beloved wife of Henry Meyn, and
mother of Harry. Florence, Aline and Carl
Meyn, daughter of Mrs. M. Lelsner. and sts- J
ter of Mrs. D. Wulbern and Martin Lelsner.
a nativa of San Francisco, aged 34 years 1 7
months and 17 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr. & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery. 1
! MELODY— In the City and County 'Hospital,
June 9, IS9S. John William Melody, a native
; . of Massachusetts, aged 38 years. . •■
I MEADOWS— In , Carmel, May. 29, 1898. Willie
i Thomas Meadows, aged 8 months and 10 days.
i RIEDEL— In this city, June 8, 1898, Hermann,
beloved husband of Dora Riedel, father of
Annie and- Lizzie Rledel. and brother of B.
Goetz, Conrad and George Riedel and * Mrs.
J. Quinn. a native of Fauerbackvorder Hon.
Hessen. Darmstadt, Germany, aged 45 years
10 months and 6 days. ' .
ICTFrtends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock sharp, from his late
residence, 571 Chestnut street, thence to Ein-
tracht Hall. Twelfth street, between Howard
and Fol»om, where- services will be held,
' commencing at 2 o'clock, under the auspices'
I of Vereln Eintracht. .. i Members of Ernst yon
Bandel Lodge No. 3. O. H. S. are requested
to attend. : Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ROONEY— In Martinez, -June: 5. IS9B, Patrick
Rooney, a native of Ireland, aged 52 years. :
SEYDON— In this city, June 10. ISM, Elmer E.,
■ youngest and beloved ■ son of Arnold R. and
Annie Seydon, and "brother: of Arthur.-, and
Arnold Seydon, a native of San Francisco,
 aged 3 months and 7 days. . '....•
(CTFriends and acquaintances are' respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 415 Hayes street. . between Gough
and Octavla.' Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. : - - . -- : •
STEPHENS— June 3. .1898, suddenly, at 'sea,
• Captain Charles M. Stephens of the steam-
ship Oregon, beloved husband of Ellen Steph-
ens, and father of D. W. and C. D. Williams.
Mrs. A. Sutherland and Mrs. H. Selinger, a
native of Russia, aged, 50 years. -. :■ . ,
. (CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
' (Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of J. S. Godean. 305 ■ Montgomery
avenue, thence ■to . St. Francis ' Church . for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. X" '
CALIFORNIA HARBOR NO. .15, A. A. OF
. M. and P. — The members of ; Harbor •15 ' ar»
requested .' to attend the Mineral of ' our late
brother. Captain Charles M. StepHens,
this day (Saturday); at 10 o'clock, from the
. undertaking parlors - of J. S. . Godeau,- SOS
Montgomery avenue. R. N. PIPPEY. Sec.
STUMKE— In this city, June 10, 1898, Margaret
Helena, beloved .wife of Henry G. Stumke,
mother of Henry, Millie, John, Gussle, Eddie
| and Alice Stumke and Mrs. MattleWllliams,
and sister of John and Frederick Williamson,
Mrs. Mary Gallagher, Mrs. Fannie McDevitt
and Mrs. . Catherine Yetter. a native ■of San
' Francisco, aged 40 years 1 month and 24 days.
SCHWEITZER— In > this city. June i ». .1898.
• Madeline Edna, dearly beloved and only
child of- Francis X. and Anna Schweitzer,
and granddaughter of Mrs. A. McNerney and
- Sebastian Schweitzer,' a native of San Fran-
' cisco, aged 1 year 4 months and 30 days. . ■
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow „
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1032 Bryant street,'- between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment • Holy.. Cross
I . Cemetery.
I SUTTON— Near: Tulare. June 6, 1893. George
"• Sntton, aged : 43 years. ■■ - - —
' STINGLEY— In Viaalla, June .7. 1898, Mrs.
.Leora Stlngley, a native of. lowa, aged -31
I . years. ._ •: ' : •■• ' - ;■-_ - -.. '■-."-;;' ■'
! VIBERT— ; Paralso Springs, June 7. ; 1398,
Maxime. beloved husband of Marie Vibert, a "
native of France, aged 71 years.
■■' : (T^Friends -' and acquaintances are : . respect-
fully invited to attend the ■ funeral to-morrow '■
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late : resl- ■:
1 ; dence. '518 Valencia street, between Sixteenth
■and Seventeenth; ' thence to Druids* < Temple. '
! 413 Sutter street, where sen-ices will be, held
under the auspices of > Perseverance Grove '■'.
No.lo. U. A. O. D. Interment iI. O. O. F.
.: Cemetery. - ;.- , . .....,.;%..■. '.. ' _" -,: '■
WIGG--In this city, June 9. . 1898, Emma Cath- ,
erine, youngest and beloved daughter of ;
Margaretta Wlgg.. : y •- /. i
I WALDRON— In Sacramento. June 8, 1898, ; War-
.:: ren « Waldron, a - native of Maine, ; aged ■63 '
years and 2 months.'./ ••• .■ ■ : ■ , *;:,-<
I,. McAVOY It GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEBS I
. tO MJTTH ST.. Opp. ; Lincoln SslueL- I
.- Telephone, South 80. '■ a |
Estab. 185 S. ;,;.''' •/.'■ - • . "-'i , U.'.TeL 1 ' South : 4T. S , ; ;
CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
v Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
.T 22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE. /
'Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for th» v«»
1 of our pairous. Rubber tires on cur ajabul*ne».
1314
THE SLATE
WAS ALL
PREPARED
First Meeting of the New
Democratic City and
County Committee.
No Opposition to the Cut and
Dried Plans of the Secret
Caucus.
The new Democratic City and County-
Committee met last evening and en
acted the cut and dried programme
prepared at the cecret caucus held by
the committee leaders Thursday.
The evening's slate was In the hands
of John Fay Jr.. and In the one or two
instances where It was necessary to do
a little coaching to smooth over any
possible hitch in the proceedings he
■was always present with timely
promptings that prevented delay and
annoyance.
The meeting was called to order by
Franklin K. Lane who Immediately
called for nominations for chairman.
M. Jasper McDonald placed John P.
Dunn In nomination "as a compliment
to his past services to the party." A
motion was immediately made that the
nominations be declared closed, and
Dunn was elected by a unanimous vote.
He was escorted to the chair by Mc-
Donald, Leggett and Fuy. After thank
ing the committee for the honor con
ferred upon him he said:
"We owe a duty to the Democratic
party of this city and State. I believe
that there is not one member of this
committee but who is willing and ready
to grant to all citizens what is th^ir
juet due. and when such a sentiment
exists there can he nothing but good
come from the deliberations of this
body. It is our duty to listen to the
suggestions of all good Democrats. We
are not here to make war, but to make
peace, and I think that before long we
will have gained the sympathy and
support of all good Democrats in the
city and in the State."
When the nominations for secretary
•were called for M. C. Hassett nroposed
the name of Thomas J. Walsh. A mo
tion that nominations be declared
closed was carried, and Walsh was
elected without a dissenting vote.
Max Popper "laced M. Greenblatt in
nomination for the office of treasurer.
A motion was made to declare the
nominations closed, and Mr. Greenblatt
•was declared elected by acclamation.
The secretary was instructed to call
the roll and seventy-eight answered to
their names. Amone the absentees
were John M. Kline.. I. Gutte, Rudolph
Herold, Ben Hawes, Howard Park,
John MoGilvray, Frederick Denlcke,
Louis Bartlett, J. V. Coleman, Dr.
Thomas Shumate. Edward Reddy, John
F. Twigg and Emil Pohl.
The secretary read communications
from three Democratic clubs pledging
support to the committee. In one of
the communications the name of Mayor
Phelan was mentioned, and this was
taken as the signal for applause, which
Indicated how far the committee is in
clined in favor of one of the men who
are responsible for its existence.
Motions were made for the appoint
ment of committees on registration, nat
uralization, resolutions, district organ
ization and headquarters, each to be
composed of five members. Joseph M.
Nougues wanted to know how much
time the chair would take In making
up the committees. He thought the
appointments should be made at once
and suggested that a recess of fifteen
minutes be taken in order to allow the
chairman time in which to make his
selections. This was a move evidently
not down In the programme, for cries
of "No" were heard in various parts
of the hall. Chairman Dunn said he
did not want the impression to go
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BABY'S
sim *^ . ■\, r»v ■...
Terrible
3ly baby suffered from terrible Eczema.
Doctor and erery remedy tried, to no account. ,
He cried all the time and his face was like
raw meat. I had to carry him on a pillow,
and was fairly discouraged. I used half a
box of Cnnctm* (ointment) and Cutiotra.
Soap, and in one week my baby was entirely j
cured. To-day bis akin is as smooth as silk.
Mrs. J. C. 360 9. 1 «t Bt.', Brooklyn, N.Y.;
. Brmtr>T Or« TREATMEBT . TOR ■ Bkii»-Tortit«ei>
EAi.it>.— Warm batlit with CrTicuiu SoAP,«ndg«ntl« B
anolntlngt with CfTicuiu, grfmtf >l of tktn caret. , ■ -
Bold thronEkont tb» world. Potttr Drco ajtd CRk
forth that he could not appoint the
committees at once, but that he would
prefer to take a little time to select
the names. James H. Barry and others
of the programmers came to his re
lief, and on motion it was agreed that
the committees should be named at the
next meeting.
The committee then adjourned, to
meet again next Tuesday evening.
REVOLT AMONG
THE DEMOCRATS.
WILL INSIST UPON HAVING
OPEN PBJMABIES.
Trouble for the Phelan Wing of the
Party — Denounce the County
Committee.
The self-appointed bosses of the local
Democracy are rapidly drifting: into a
whirlpool that will certainly engulf
them and the party next November. It
is true that they have control of a mu
tual admiration assembly, styled by
them the Democratic City and County
Committee, but the rank and file of the
Democracy is not in sympathy with
them. The followers of the Rainey-
Harney wing of the party are still sulk
ing in their tents and not a few of them
declare that they would much rather
see the party go down in defeat in No
vember next than submit to the dicta
tion of Mayor Phelan and "Whisper
ing" McNab. The Harney people are
willing to go back into camp on the
one condition that a new county com
mittee be elected and that the dele
gates to the several nominating con
ventions be elected at open primaries.
They will not submit to the rulings of
the City and County Committee ap
pointed by nine members of the State
Central Committee, inasmuch as it Is
generally understood that the County
Committee will take upon itself the re
sponsibility of appointing the delegates
to the several conventions. The Har
neyites are willing to meet the self
appointed dictators and their follow
ers in a primary battle, and they will
pledge themselves to abide by the re
sult. The Phelan contingent is op
posed to a primary and there the mat
ter stands.
There Is also more trouble in store
for the new Democratic City and Coun
ty Committee. A number of Demo
crats who are disgusted with the man
ner in which the party machinery has
been handled of late years are prepar
ing a bombshell and when it explodes
there will be destruction and havoc in
the Phelan-McNab camp. These Dem
ocrats are not looking for offices or
places. They only ask that the Dem
ocratic voters be given an opportunity
to show at a primary just who they
want to represent them in the nomi
nating conventions. About fifty of
them met In Scottish Hall a few nights
ago and temporarily organized by elect
ing M. Schwartz chairman and A.
Jacobs secretary. After discussing the
Democratic political muddle for several
hours the following resolutions were
adopted, as representing the views of
the members:
Whereas. The Democratic State Central
Committee of the State of California re
cently appointed a committee of nine
members, who in turn selected a commit
tee of 100 and conferred on the latter all
the rights, powers and privileges that
belong exclusively and absolutely to the
THE SAIST FBAU CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTTtfE 11, 1898.
the city and county of San Francisco,
namely, the right to select their delegates
to the State, municipal and legislative
conventions; and whereas. That said right
and powers conferred on this committee
Of 100 is an arbitrary and high-handed
proceeding on the part of the State Cen
tral Committee, a usurpation of authority
and powers never delegated by the voters
of the Democracy to the State Central
Committee, a usurpation of authority not
in consonance with nor in harmony with
the principle of true Democracy, whereas,
That said action of the State Democratic
Central Committee cannot but ultimately
cause the complete defeat of the Demo
cratic party, the loss of confidence of the
rank and file of the Democratic party in
the State organization, the rejection of the
nominees of the State, municipal and
legislative conventions by the Democratic
party of the city and county of San Fran
cisco for the one and only reason that the
voters of the Democracy will be unrepre
sented in the conventions of the party;
whereas. That said committee of 100 is
not a representative Democratic body,
but, on the contrary, is made up, with a
few exceptions, of all shades and degrees
of professional politicians, ballot - box
stutters, heelers and professional Jury
men, who have followed in the waie of
every successful Democratic boss for the
last twenty years, whether Buckley, Pop
per, McNab or Rainey; whereas, The
time of action has arrived, and for the
sake of the purification of the party It
behooves all true Democrats to shake off
the yoke and the tyranny of the self
constltuted dictators of the party, to as
sert their independence and refuse to sup
port the nominees of the conventions of
an unrepresented Democracy; therefore,
be It
Resolved, That we, the undersigned
Democrats of the city and county of San
Francisco, feel it our duty to assert our
Independence a 6 true and loyal Demo
crats and ask every loyal and patriotic
Democrat to loin hands with us in this
movement; and be it lurther
Resolved. First— That the principles of
the National Democratic party will be
our guiding star.
Second— That the National Democratic
platform is hereby Indorsed.
Third— That none but honest and unsel
fish men should be placed in positions of
trust.
Fourth— That the State, municipal and
legislative conventions 6hould be repre
sentative of the whole Democratic party,
and that the delegates to me aforesaid
conventions should be selected and voted
for by the Democratic party at primary
elections held for that purpose.
Fifth— That nominees should be selected
from the best men in the party.
Sixth— That no secret forces should be
tolerated in selecting nominees or ap
pointees for office.
Seventh— That personal llbertv and
equal rights are the heritage of Democ
racy and should be guarded with jealous
eyes.
Eighth— That the prosperity and per
petuity of the nation depends upon the
education and happiness of the working
classes and their interests should be the
first consideration of our legislative
power.
A pledge that the members will not
support any ticket nominated by an
appointed convention is being quietly
circulated and it is said that over six
hundred Democrats, who have never
before taken an active interest in party
affairs, have signed it.
With the opposition of the Harney-
Rainey men to overcome and the oppo
sition of Democrats not identified with
any faction, things are looking very
dark for Phelan and McNab.
Will Handle the Celebration.
President Joseph E. O'Donnell of the
Fourth of July celebration has appointed
the following committee, into whose
bands the management of the natal day
will be intrusted.
The committee will meet at the Califor
nia Hotel this evening at 8 o'clock, at
which time the sub-commltteea will be
announced:
Joseph E. O'Donnell. chairman: Alfred
A. Borllnl, grand marshal; James S. Dev
lin, treasurer; Chris Newman, secretary;
Hon. James D. Phelan, John T. Sullivan,
Frederick Raabe, H. H. Lynch. J. W.
Crowe, W. D. Shea, Carl A. Henry, Henry
S. Martin, Martin T. Frapley, T. P. Rob
inson, T. E. Treacy, F. B. Gibson, Frank
Cornyn, Dr. T. H. Morris, . A. Ham
mersmith, James H. O'Brien, William F.
Ambrose, George R. Fletcher, T. J.
Drury. L. F. Walsh Luke Battles, Col
onel J. C. O'Connor, P. Boland, Leon
Samuels, Stephen V. Costello William
T. Humphrey, Frank Lester, William A.
Breslin, Frederick Hess, J. J. McCarthy
and Gratten Phillips.
Bad Sanitation
Ib complained of at the Richmond camp,
but no trouble of that kind is experienced
at El Campo.
As a matter of fact It is so healthy at
this popular summer resort that the rail
road people have hard wnrk getting the
patrons away in time for the last boat.
New faces every Sunday in addition to
all the old oneß Indicate the lasting popu
larity of this breathing ground of San
Francisco's elite.
Sudden Death From Apoplexy.
O. G. Tlndall of 1054 Third street, Oak
land, fell dead yesterday morning while
foing to work in the paint factory ot Co
urn & Tevis at 619 Front street in this
city. The deceased was 65 years old and a
native of Ohio. He leaves a widow and
children. Apoplexy Is believed to have
been the cause of death.
A SOLDIER'S WIFE IN WANT.
In a small and poorly ventilated room In a cheap lodging house at 664%
Howard street, the wife and one-year-old baho of a California volunteer
soldier, now on his way to Manila Bay, dwell in great poverty. That the
wife and baby have a place to rest when night falls is solely due to the
kindness and good-heartedness of the proprietor. The unfortunate woman
is friandteM and, according to the stories told by the other roomers, she
not infrequently goes to bed without having broken her fast during the
day.
Among the first to enlist when the call to arms was given by President
McKlnley, was Edward Kilcline. He passed the medical examination and
was assigned for duty with Company A of the First California Regiment
of Volunteers. He had been out of steady employment for a time, and was
in straitened circumstances when he offered his services to Uncle Sam. His
wife and baby are now in actual want and suffering.
"I don't like to talk about the matter," said Mrs. Kilcline yesterday,
"and I would not if it were possible to hide from the world the story of
my poverty. But I must do something for my baby. Some days I man
age to eat— other days I don't. If it was not for the kindness of the pro
prietor of this house, I do not know what I should do. He has not alone
allowed me the use of this room, but he has also assisted me in other
ways. The night clerk has also been kind to me, and but for them
I would have much oftener gone hungry. lam willing and ready
to work, but I cannot find employment. Since my husband enlisted, I
have had a few days' employment washing for private families. The pay
was small, but enough to get a little food for myself and the baby. I am
in hopes that I may be able to find other employment and keep my
baby with me. I must find something to do— but it would break my heart
to have to part with baby."
The baby, a bright-eyed but pale-faced tot, was playing on the floor of
the dingy room. He found a piece of string and commenced chewing on
it.
"Don't act that way, baby," said the unfortunate mother, as the tears
filled her eyes, "for you make me feel that you are hungry."
MARIE MILLARD'S NEW ROLE.
She Will Now Shine as a Wife
and Mal^e a hjome b[appy.
Miss Marie Millard, who will be pleasantly remembered as the prlma
donna at the Tivoil two years ago, la about to be married to Louis F.
Gottschalk, musical director. The wedding will take place in New York
City on June 12, at the residence of Mrs. Marshal Cushlng.
Miss Millard is tho. daughter of the late Harrison Millard, whose songs
have become famous, particularly his "Waiting" and "Under the Daisies."
She made her first appearance before the public In a concert with her father,
singing his songs to his accompaniment. She has since played prima donna
roles In grand opera, a* well as in opera comique, her flrnt engagement
being with De Wolf Hopper in "The Lady or the Tiger."
Her sister married the son of George E. Goodman, the banker, of Napa.
Mr. Gottschalk, the talented young man with whom she is about to join
her fortunes, is at present in Boston, directing the musical portion of the
new production which h:is just opened at the Tremont, and for which he
wrote some of the music. Frank Daniels' company will arrive with Mr.
Gottschalk as musical director.
He is spoken of as a splendid fellow, and as for Miss Millard, there Is
no one more generally loved by companies she has been in and, in fact, by
every one with whom she ha? come in contact.
Her charming character was perhaps most plainly Indicated In her ten
der and touching devotion to her father during his last illness.
The good wishes of the community are extended to them both In the
new role they axe about to assume.
SCHWERIN CONDEMNED
BY LABOR'S SONS
HOT RESOLUTIONS PASSED BY
THE LABOR COUNCIL.
Multitudes Cry Out Against the Per
fidious Actions of a Man Appar
ently Without a Con
science.
Everyb°^>' ff-ems to have a bone to pick
with Schwrln of the Pacillc Mail Steam
ship Company. Prominent business men
as well aa the humblest employes of this
would-be czar of the water front either
openly or secretly despise him.
In spite of his efforts to have the farts
suppressed The Call has already told the
people how he pent the boys in blue to
Manila, and now from the San Francisco
Labor Council, through the agency of the
Coast Seamen's T'nion, comes another ac
count of his perfidious actions. The work
ingmen of this city have no fault to find
with anybody in particular, and no names
are mentioned In the resolutions, hut If
the shoe fits Mr. Schwerin he is entitled
to wear It. It Is presented to him with
full compliments of 20.000 organized work
ingmen, whose only hopes are that his
corns are numerous wherever the shoe is
tight. They don't count on his conscience;
it is of such an adamantine nature that
they despair ot being able to soften it
with anything from fire to water. The
resolutions adopted are as follows:
Whereas, The steamer China, chartered by
the Government as a transport to convey
troops from San Francisco to the Philippines,
has shipped a crew of deck hands and firemen
composed entirely of Chinese: therefore, be It
Resolved, By the Pan Francisco Labor Coun
cil, In regular s>>ssi'>n assembled, that we con
demn this action on the part of the own.-rs
of the steamer China, as a clanger to the lives
of the troops an injustice to American seamen
and firemen by denying them the opportunity
of employment, and an act prompted solely by
motives of greed and displaying criminal in
difference to the interests of the nation in the
present crisis: and, further
Resolved, That we urge upon the Navy De
partment that steps be taken to compel the
shipment of an American crew on the steamer
China and to prohibit the further shipment of
Mongolian crew? on any vessel in the service of
the Government; and. further
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions he
forwarded to Secretary of the Navy Long and
to the Senators and Representatives of Cali
fornia, with a request that Tne necessary action
be taken in the premises; and also that a copy
be given to the press.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
A High Class of Dogs Drawn Last
Evening.
The dogs at Ingleside will course to-day
for big money and the class of the lotig
talls contesting is of the highest stock.
The drawing took place at Pythian Hall
last night and resulted as follows: J.
Shea's Native Daughter vs. H. Spring's
Master Jack; Lowe & Thompson's Prince
of Fashion vs. D. Shannon's Swinnerton;
J. Murnane's Flashlight vs. A. Haigh's
Hadowlst; Lowe & Thompson's Victor vs.
M. Mlchallk's Fireball; Gibbons & Hart
ley's Chispa vs. B. Dougherty's Tesnie
Fair; J. Shea's Flrenzl vs. A. Haigh's
Huttel; A. Elmqulst's Telephone Girl vs.
Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal; P.
O'Donnell's Counterfeit vs. D. Hooper's
Koolawn; Dillon & Rellly's Granuale vs
Deckelman & Panario's Glen Roy; .D.
Roche's Pacific Queen vs. J. Farley's Ful
lermore; Deckelman & Panario's Old
Glory vs. Kay & Tram's Sylvia; D.
Fords Bonita vs. F. D. Black's Occident
al; Larkey & Rock's Myrtle vs.' J. Shee
han s Lass o' Gowrje; O'Connell & Mc-
Glade s Mareella vs. A. Massey's Persim
mons; Orient Kennel's Promise Me' vs.
B. Dougherty's Palmer Hill; O'Connell
Bros. Log Boy vs. D. Hooper's Bend
along; J. Murnane's Valley Maid vs. Dil
lon & Reilly's Sunburst; J. Still well's Lit
tle Dell vs. D. Flynn's Vigilant; J.
Byrnes Mohawk vs. Bate & Frank's
Count of Monte Cristo; Kay & Tranfs
Diana vs. J. Sheehan's Lady June; G.
Smarts Sllkwood vs. Kay & Trant's
Eclipse; O'Connell Bros. Senorita vs. J.
L. Sears' Hot Stuff; D. Roche's Gold
Dust vs. Lowe & Thompson's High Born
Lady; J. McCormlck's White Lily vs. J.
Farley's Trlx; P. Gorman's Kingston vs.
Kay & Trant's Crosspatch.
The winners of the run down to-day
should be Master Jack, Beauty. Swinner
ton, Hadowist, Victor, Tessie Fair, Firen
zi, Prince Hal, Koolawn, Glen Roy Pa
cific Queen, Old. Glory, Bonita. Myrtle
Persimmons, Promise Me. Log Boy "Sun
burst, Little Dell, Mohawk, Diana
S- c se f,, Hot J Stuff, High Born Lady
White Lily and Kingston.
♦ The rlze i are * 125 - * 7r >- 545 each to next
two, $30 each to next three, $20 each to the
next six, and $10 each to the next thir
teen.
The running to-day begins at 1 o'clock
and at the close a further consolation
stake will be drawn for the non- winners.
c^soWo^st^k 3 wm be added to the
Rear- Admiral Belknap tells what
the present war has taught our navy
in next Sunday's Call.
CORNERSTONE FOR
THE NEW DIRECTORY
COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO SU
PERINTEND THE CEREMONY.
Societies of All Denominations Have
Accepted an Invitation to Par
ticipate in the Service.
Preparations for the laying: of the cor
nerstone of the new Youths' Directory
now in process of construction on Nine
teenth street, are about completed and
in the near future everything will be in
readiness for the sinking of the sacred
relics in the foundation of the new edi
fice. At a meeting held at the present
home on Howard street last Thursday
evening a committee was chosen and ap
pointed from the friends of the Directory
to superintend the entire preliminary de
tails of the ceremony, as well as the cele
bration on the afternoon of July 14.
Every effort is being made by thos^ in
terested in the erection of the new shelter
for the homeless boys of the city to make
the ceremony of the laying of the stone
one of the most memorable events of Its
kind in the history of the city. Societies
of all denominations have accepted the
invitation of Father Crowley. the presi
dent of the Directory, to attend the serv
ices and participate in the procession that
wi'l frrm at the corner of Tenth and How
ard streets Immediately In front of the
old building that now stands In evidence
of the first humble commencement at an
attempt to benefit the homeless boys of
the city.
From this point of formation the pro
cession will pass along Howard street
past the present Directory and thence
directly on Nineteenth to the site of the
new home, which is located between Va
lencia and Guerrero streets.
In order to facilitate the work neces
sary for the coming celebration a com
mittee of women has been appointed to
act In conjunction with the above com
mittee and will commence at once in the
exercise of the necessary duties.
T.he following officers and sub-commit
tees were chosen: President, James R
Kelly; vice president, Matthew J. Sulli
van; secretary, David J. Costello; cora
mlUpe on press— Eustace Culllna-i, D. J.
Costello, C. B. Hanagan, George E. Gal
lagher and Joseph Sullivan; committee on
parade— J. J. O'Toole, G. H. Grady, J. J.
Donavan, A. B. IViuguire and George H.
Gallagher.
The next meeting of the various com
mittees will bo held Tuesday evening,
June 14, at 2030 Howard street, and vari
ous matters of general Interest In the
coming celebration discussed.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children.
Tkl fM- _y^
,'■ itmlle *>>> yry^jl .„- "* *« « ;
Xj;}> ADVERTISEMENTS^.
WEATHER REPORT — Cloudy Saturday, with showers in the forenoon ; fresh
> southwesterly winds. ,j
937=939=941=943=945=947 Market Street.
The concert this afternoon. AM invited.
PROGRAM:
L March. "Chllcoot" Roncovierl Elsie From Chelsea. Take Back Tour
2. Overture. "Jolly Robbers" Suppe Gold. Cake Walk.
■■3.-. Walta. "Myrtle Blossoms" ...Strauss -. Gavotte, "You and I" Czlbulka
A. Selection. "Boccaccio"... ; Suppe ;s. Waltz, "Dream on the Ocean" Gungl
5. Grand Piccolo Solo— ; 9. Selection, "Oasparone" Millocker
"The Birds of the Forest". .....Thlele 10. Mazurka, "Bella" Waldteufel
Soloist, Mr. F. Bridges. | 11. Descriptive Piece Eilenberg
6. Medley, "Popular Pebbles" Beyer "A concert In the Forest."
Introducing: . Sporty Widow Brown, * March. "The Hand.cap" Rose,
Whisper Your Mother's Name. You're ■ 12. March. The Handicap Rosey
Not the Only Pebble on the Beach. I "AMERICA."
Hale's
Dollar
Gloves.
• Good gloves at a dollar are hard to get. We have a
good one. We know it. Our customers have tried
it. It has given satisfaction. We guarantee them.
Fitted by experts. Cleaned and mended free.
FOR LADIES — Cur dollar glove is a two-clasp pique walking glove
with embroidered backs' the most durable glove for a dollar
; , we've seen — Reds, Blues, Greens, Tans, Browns, White, Cream
and — sizes sVto I\. The price
One Dollar.
FOR MISSES — just arrived. Our dollar misses' kid glove is a
pretty little two-clasp in new Blues, Reds, Greens, Tans and
Browns — sizes 4. to 6i. Fitted, warranted, cleaned and mended
free same as mamma's gloves. The price
One Dollar.
Some
New
Veilings.
Black Chenille Dotted French Net Empire Veils —
Black Chantilly lace ends — large chenille spot border —
2\ yards long — very swell — just arrived —
$1.00 Each.
Black Chenille Dotted Fishnet Empire Veils— Honiton
lace and chenille dot border — plaited lace ends — 3{
yards long something new from fashiondom —
$1.50 Each.
The Empire Hat Drape; made of Black Chenille Dot,
Brussels Net and Black Fishnet — trimmed with white
feather stitching — the nobbiest thing in the veiling
line —
45c Each.
Two Domestic Specials.
HEAVY BLEACHED SHEETING — Fine weave, very strong, full of good,
sound, -solid, satisfactory wear — 90 inches wide — no dressing. Our
22ic quality to boom the domestic trade. Special — '
\V 2 c Yard.
SIX HUNDRED HEMMED PILLOW CASES— Thoroughly well made"
2-inch hem, fine durable muslin, 45x36. inches our 10c kind
Special — '-
7ic Each.
000000000000000000
°T« f» A LACE w §
%CRAND» OT
a SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Crr.Vf '-U !i> i e-.v-r-l imt-w<llC<»WftT. 4^
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attach**. ** \
O **•»• I'XDIR OX* MASAOUWt ° !
O NOTE THE PRICES: .0 ■
European Plan. 9l. OO per day and upward n
v American Plan.» 3. OO par day »ad upward *T
G • Corre!"P ll < * Solicited. O
O JOHN 0. XIKKPATHICK, Mtna^r. O
000000000000000000
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
\- « Ac tb. ■ F«2KtrftMft,atraaiiiefr.css.?l«t
vA Cs^b-J* WiCnwaU*--.: — ....$3i.80
. \ &^J#rvfoz'?o - CfiJBJJ ■ -•«•••— .—•-..•• — ——*£•**
J,^S^%VAN VROOM
* 9 €l6ctro Denial Parlors
-*^ 'TUS I^V* BIXTH AND MARKET
'W* V .U."W. - KLEt9ER, O. 0.3. "'." '.
msjj»>i\ We Rent all Makes. Few partly j
used for Sale cheap. Send for I
Sa'SrfX Samples and Prices. I
S|S3|L L. &M. ALEXANDER '
*^j^P^ Agint. SMITH PREMIER ,
lIP MONTGOMERY ST., S. F..CAL |
MADE (VIE A MAN
v-jg^ AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
hi "• JLU^Jfrrvous DUeasc*— Failing Mem-
Mr 3? 4r I ory> 1 iipotency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
Of *il 7 Abuea or other £zceeses and India*
§AJAX TABLETS PORITTVELY CURE
A. Z.X, JVrrrou* J}t»raj<p» — Failing Mem-
ory, lm potency. Sleepleaanaes, etc.. caused
by Abuse or vther F.xcoe»e« and Indis-
cretions, They quickly aitd surety
" jt^fT restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit a man for study, business or ir.arriacs,
Prevent Insanity and . Consumption if
tcknn in time. Their uso shows iomedialo fmproTe-
.inentnnd effects a CUKE where all other fail In-
But upon having thg genuine Ajux Tablets. They
have cared thousands and will cure yon. We give a pos-
itire written snaranr.ee to effect a cure CA nVA in
each case or rotund the ncnoy. Price UV V I Wt per
package; or six pieces (full treatment) for {3. C0. By
mail. In plain wrnpper, tipon receipt of price. Circular
Il*3. A.J/\X rir " '"' * r *"'' '"■» .3 l)(-arhr.rn Bt. :
For sale in San Francisco by Lelpnlts A Ox.
tit Butter. No- Percentage Pharmacy. IMS UkL.
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S «»«••«
mm Museum of Anatomy
I p^\ SCSI UABKZT ST. let 6th i 7th, S. F. CaL
r»W ; ■ The Larger of ItiklniliiiUrt W«rld.- .
vS«»V dr " JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Bk^VPlf »J ' ■" ■' Cotnaltmiton free. Wriw Tor Book
Wl off Marriage.,
* m Mfliuco fwck.
v- 3
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE ' DAMIANA BITTERS, THH
t great • " Mexican ■■ remedy; give* health : and
strength to (ha sexual organs* -^
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FIDELITY ANFGASDALTY
FIDELITY AND CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF New York, In the State of New York,
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1397,
and for the year ending on that day, as mads
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of,
I California, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
| tion? 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the commis-
sioner: y:. ...V
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash $ 150.000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $ 688,442 78
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,649.953 50
Cash In company's office 38. 501 00
Cash in banks ....;............ 88.019
Interest accrued on all stocks and
loans - S. 01« 67
Rents accrued 1.64080
Premiums In due course of collection 400.221 54
Reserve reinsurance depoelt (cash in ••
company's possession) 21.496 w
Total assets 12. 790. 5 M 57
LIABILITIES.
Losses known or estimated, proofs „
not filed .-•* iSAnn
Losses in process of adjustment or m ,
suspense ••••■■•" 105 ' 28 * «
Losses resisted. $301,475 of which is ,
for the insured • M 5.643. 643 5?
Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less. $2,859,874 16; reinsur- _
ance 60 per cent -■•• *• ' 9 « <*
Gross premiums on risks ™" ni "?
i more than one year. $236. 91 1 34; re- _
insurance pro rata -••"•."•••"";* 16Z ' 860 BS
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. ■ - -■
etc.. • R>.637 0*
Total liabilities $2,077,991
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for s^^^
Received " for ' interest ' anil " dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources 6S.IW 18
Received for rents 68.212 IS
Received for profit on assets sold.. 11.862 60
Total Income $3,080,560 15
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for 1055e5.......... $1,463,60113
Dividends to stockholders 46.000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
•■■< brokerage ...... ...............;..... 763,924 04
Paid for salaries, fees and , other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131.127 It
Paid for State, National and local •> • •
taxes ■......._. 60.231 13
All other payments and expenditures *80.1C5 37
Total expenditures .."..........,...$2,923.949 33
'. 'I. GEO. F. WARD., President.
* .::{ . ROBT. J. HILL Secretary.
■ Subscribed ! arid ' sworn • to : before me. this 3d
day : of February, 1898. ' ; ■' ■> -
E. A. RABENER. Notary Publlo.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
S.C.PARDEE, Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDINO.
San Francisco, California.
Weekly Gall $1.50 w Year