VOLUME LXXXIY.-yO. 125.
RIOTS THE
ORDER OF THE
DAY IN PARIS
Mounted Guards Pa
trol the Streets.
SCORE OF PERSONS WOUNDED
EDITORS NOT PERMITTED TO |
SPEAK IN A PUBLIC HALL.
Arrested Upon Appearing, "Which :
Increases the Ugly Spirit
Between Revisionists and
•Anti-Revisionists.
■■■.-"" :,.■: ■ "• , ■ '■'
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
&on Bennett. _
PARIS, Oct. 2. — There was a decided
ly ugly spirit abroad here to-day. Re- <
visionists and anti-revisionists seemed
to be spoiling for a fight- Captain i
Dreyfus, whether guilty or Innocent, I
has certainly caused a veritable cyclone
of passion to be let loose.
Paris has been in turmoil all day. ;
Crowds, scuffles, uproar and arrests j
form the programme of the last twelve
hours. At this moment a mounted Re
publican guard is patrolling certain
parts of the city, and all of the police
force is on the alert. About a score of
persons are said to have been seriously j
wounded in various free fights that
have broken the monotony of the Pa
risian Sunday.
In one quarter alcme over forty ar
rests have been made. Of these thir
teen have been kept and the others lib
erated! Among the latter is M. Francis
de Pressense, one of the first authorities
on foreign politics in France and the
leader writer of the Temps. "With him
were arrested M. Ernest Vaughan, di
rector of the Aurore, and M. Morhardt,
another of the Temps editorial staff. 1
All three were to have addressed a j
meeting In favor of revision in the
Dreyfus case. This manifestation was
announced to be held in the Salle Wag
ram.
When M. de Pressense and his col
leagues arrived at the meeting place
they found it shut up and surrounded
by a strong cordon of police busily en
gaged in keeping back a crowd various
ly estimated as numbering from twelve
to twenty, thousand persons. .„
In spite of the protests of M. de Pres
sense's party, who had paid the rent of
the hall, the police refused admittance
to any one. Arguments and expostula
tions were both unavailing, as the Brig- .
adier of Police remained inexorable.
The crowd, however, had grown im
patient or bolder, for it finally broke
through the ring of police. From crush- j
ing to giving blows was but a step, and
many took it.
Cries of "Vive la LJberte" and "Vive
]a Revision," were met by counter yells |
of "Vive l'Armee" and "A bas les
Trait:
At once the fight became general. The
police made a charge and drove the
crowd back to the Place dcs Ternes.
Another immense body of people was
there already crying "Vive Zola" and
"Vive la Revision."
Thus reinforced the human torrent
surged back up the Avenue Wagram.
Another charge of the police repulsed it
In disorder. Blows were freely ex
changed. Blood flowed In abundance
from noses and cracked crowns. Fu
• rious epithets were hurled about, and '
In the middle of the riot the three or- j
ganizers of the meeting were arrested. ;
All over the city entirely irre- i
sponsible and totally impartial groups
of individuals are marching about. j
When one band meets another there is j
a conflict of cries, "Vive la Revision" i
warring with 'Vive l'Armee." Then I
sticks fly about wildly, and the least
offensive-looking person handy has a
bad time for a few minutes. Anti-Sem
itism naturally made itself noisily evi
dent; in fact, there are few things or
institutions that have not been howled
down or lauded with frenzy to-day.
The editorial rooms of Libre Parole,
M. Drumont's paper; the Intransig-eant,
M. Rochefort'a organ, and same other
Journals are being guarded by strong
: of police.
FOREIGNERS NOW
BECOMING ALARMED
PARTS. Oct. 3.— The disorders have
created intense alarm among the for
eigners at the hotels, and It is probable
that an exodus will occur, the guests
fearing grave developments. The
working class bo fur has held aloof, but
the leaden of the rival parties are do
ing their utmost to stir them up.
Lie Matin publishes a dispatch from
Cayenne stating that the French
cruiser Dubordieu is lying off the Salut
Islands, waiting to bring Dreyfus
away.
NO ORDER WAS GIVEN BY
SHAFTER TO FALL BACK
General Wheeler Makes a Statement
About the Charge Up San
Juan Kidge.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— The Washinp-ton
correspondent of the Herald fnyp: I asked
General Wheeler to-night If the state
ment was true, as reported to have been
made by a captain of the Rough Riders
in St. Louis, that he had ordered the
charge up San Juan ifill in face of an
order from General Shatter to fall back.
In reply General Wheeler wrote this
Btatern- ni . "There was co order given by
General Shafter to fall back from San
Juan Ridge. The first order to me vu t<>
move forward Kent's division and the
cavalr . which I obeyed. The or
der probably referred to was one given
by Colonel McClefnand of General dhaf
ter's staff before the movement upon tan
Juan Ridge took place. This order gave
Borne discretion regarding this movement,
but did not say anything about falling
back. I read ....is order in General Sum
nere presence and then carried it to Gen
eral Kent."
San Francisco Call.
VIEW OF THE CITY OF ILOILO, ON THE ISLAND OF PANEY, 300 MILES SOUTH OF MANILA,
To which Admiral Dewey lately dispatched the captured gunboats, Calloa and Leyte, manned by Americans, for the purpose
of asserting his authority, and protecting the inhabitants from the insurgents. Iloilo is situated on the
southeast side of Paney Island, on a long, narrow strait, which separates it from Guimaras Island. It is the
second city in size in the Philippines, having between 35,000 and 40,000 people, and exports large quantities
of svgar —half the entire product of the islands.
MAD DEED OF A
PITTSBURG GIRL
Kills Her Mother While
Sleeping.
MORTALLY WOUNDS HERSELF
TIRED OF LIFE AND WANTED TO
DIE.
But Did Not Wish the Mother to Live
and Fret Over Her Fate, So She
Concluded to Kill
Her.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 2.— Bertha Beil
stein killed her mother to-day and later
put four bullets into her own body,
from the effects of which she cannot
recover.
The only explanation the girl has
given for her terrible deed was in these
words: "I was tired of life; it held no
pleasure for me. I wanted to die and
did not want my mother to live and fret
over my death. For that reason I killed
her."
The crime, which was committed
some time in the early morning, was
was not discovered until late in the
day, when a son of the murdered
woman came to the house and found
the mother's body in her room cold in
death. The bed was covered with blood
and there was every indication that
death had ensued some hours before.
In an adjoining room was found the
body of the murderess, lying in a pool
of blood, and In her right hand was
clutched a revolver.
Mrs. Beilstein had been shot three
times. One shot had entered at the right
side of the nose, taken a downward
course through the neck and had cut
the seventh cervicle vertebrae. Another
shot had entered the right breast and
the third had passed through the right
groin.
A bullet had torn Its way through the
young woman's riprht temple and had
passed out at the top of the head.
From both the entrance and exit of the
wound the brains were oozing. Another
bullet had entered her left breast near
the heart and she had shot herself twice
in the stomach. Her death is a ques
tion of only a short time.
During a period of consciousness she
DRUNKEN CROWDS THROW
MUD UPON EUROPEANS.
* *
* *
* During the Festival of the Moon at Peking *
* Russia and England Order* Special *
* Guards. / *
* *
* *
*■■''- " - ' ' *
' PEKING, October — During the celebration yesterday of the *
* festival of the moon, the drunken crowds which had gathered upon : *
* the streets threw mud upon all Europeans who made their appear- *
* ance. As a precautionary measure the Bussian legation ordered
* an escort of Cossacks from Port Arthur. The British Minister also #
* ordered a guard of twenty-five marines from Wei Hai Wei. *
*r,,. . - , v
****♦###♦♦####### * # ♦•# #»»*** ♦ # #,* * # # # ♦ *>■"•-*
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1898.
told of the murder. She said she went
into the room with the revolver in her
hand. She had decided to kill herself,
and knowing what the shock to her
mother would be concluded that death
to her would be preferable to sufferings
on earth. Her mother, she said, was
sleeping when she went into the room.
She placed the revolver ciose to her
breast and fired. On the report of the
pistol her mother sat up in bed and
said to her:
"Birdie, what are you doing?"
The answer was another shot, which,
she says, was fired at her mother's
face. This was evidently the shot
which entered Mrs. Beilstein's brain
and resulted in her instant death, one
more wound was inflicted afterward.
Frederick Beilstein, the father, was
one of the best-known residents of Al
legheny. He died suddenly in December
last. Since then Birdie, who was twenty
years of age, has been depressed, and
it is believed she was temporarily in
j sane. ,
BRITISH REPULSE
A DERVISH ATTACK
Reinforcements Ordered From Om
durman to Colonel Parson's
Assistance.
CAIRO, October 2.— Re-inforcements
have been ordered from Omdurman to
Ghedaref. where the force under Colo
nel Parsons has repulsed another Der
vish attack with Blight loss.
There is no news from Fashoda, but in
all probability Major Marchand will short
ly evacuate his position there.
LONDON, Oct. 3— A di.spatch from
Cairo to the Daily Telegraph confirms tne
statement that Major Marchand had had
one brush with the Dervish jrunboats
which had gone to fetch reinforcements.
He was in sore straits, and numbers of
his men had died or deserted.
On the arrival of the Sirdar he had an
entire force of 1400 Singalese and five
Frenchmen entrenched on a small tongue
of land. The natives in the vicinity were
very threatening. L ,
Major Marchand came to the water s
erfee to meet the Sirdar and chatted ami
cably with him. The Frenchman pro
duced some champagne and drinks were
had all around.
ALEXANDER M'CORH'S
CLAIM AGAINST PERU
Semi - Official Newspaper Protests
Against This Country's Alleged
Injustice.
TJMA Peru (via Galveston), Oct. 2.—
El Tienipo. a semi-official daily newspa
per publishes a long editorial regarding:
the claim of Alexander McCord, the
American mining engineer who was im
prisoned by the Peruvians during a revo
lution, for $50,000. The article says:
••Surprise is expressed here at the ar
ticles appearing in the American news
naoer press respecting the present rela
tions of the United States and Peru and
the latter's intentions. Peru simply pro
tests before the world against the want
of consideration and Justice with which
she has been treated. She bears no ill
will has no hostile Intentions and is re
signed to the consequence of the arbitra
tion."
AGUINALDO WANTS
HIS ARMY PAID
Declines to Accept -the
Civil List Voted.
HOLDING ON TO PRISONERS
FILIPINOS ARE IN Nu HURRY
TO RELEASE SPANIARDS.
Cruiser Raleigh Goes to Northwest
ern Ports for the Purpose of
Making Friends With the
Natives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Oct. 2.— The National As
sembly at Malolos, at a recent sitting,
voted Aguinaldo a civil list of $75,000,
but Aguinaldo declined to receive any
thing until the army should have been
paid. An attempt was made by Pa
lerno, the Speaker of the Ho-use, to
have inserted a clause granting him an
allowance because of his office but the
! proposal was rejected. The Assembly
is now engaged in discussing the con
stitution.
The Spanish community is telegraph
ing to Madrid in an endeavor to secure
the enforcement of the release of pris
oners. Personal investigations made in
the provinces emphasize the determina
tion of the insurgents to obtain a spe
cific guarantee of favorable terms be
fore releasing the prisoners now in their
hands, and it is certain that they will
never cheaply relinquish their dearly
bought conquests.
Everywhere is seen evidences of ap
palling struggles. Popular opinion fa
vors autonomy, which it is generally
expected will be established. The peo
ple rather distrust the Americans, who,
beginning to realize this fact, sent the
cruiser Raleigh to the northwestern
ports for the purpose of showing the
American flag and making friends with
the natives. The cruiser's officers en
deavored to arrange an interchange of
hospitalities, but the natives at first
were unwilling to visit the ship unless
hostages were landed. However, friend
ly feeling was established and the na
tives were agreeably surprised at the
American attitude.
A sanitary board, with an American
at Its head, has been established here.
A corps of physicians are superintend
ing sanitary work in all the districts of
the city and vicinity.
AGUINALDO MAY BE
DIFFICULT TO DEAL WITH
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— A special cable |
to the World from Marseilles says that j
General Merritt, who arrived there to
day on his way to Paris, referring to
Aguinaldo, said: "He may be difficult
to deal with unless his advisers use
their influence discreetly."
"Does Admiral Dewey share your
views of Aguinaldo?"
"I cannot speak for Admiral Dewey.
I express my own opinions only,
though I have no reason to suppose
that the admiral would disapprove of
what I have said."
"Do you consider the insurgents fit
for self-erovernment?"
"I doubt it under the present condi
tions. Permanent forces in the Philip
pines must be relied upon to support a
stable government.^'
NINETY-FOUR INSURGENTS
KILLED BY SPANIARDS
MADRID, Oct. 2. — A dispatch re
jjceived here from the Ylaayas Islands.
says that the Tagels have landed in the
Antiga province and have been com
pletely defeated by the Spanish column
after a sharp fight in which ninety
four of the insurgents were killed.
GREAT EXPECTATIONS
OF THE MADRID PRESS
Affect to Believe the United States
Will Make All Sorts of
Concessions.
MADRID, Oct. 2.— The conciliatory and
cordial spirit shown by the delegates to
the Paris conference has produced a fa
vorable impression. The newspapers af
fect to believe that the United States, be
sides respecting Spain in the Philippines,
will also allow Spain to have a share in
the settlement of the new regime in Cuba,
Inspired articles assert that Spain will
undertake to carry out the promised
guarantee of the Cuban debts only until
Cuba herself is able to pay the interest
and sinking fund.
A dispatch to the Imparclal from Paris
declares that both the Spanish and
American commissions have been in
structed to act ad referendum.
SLAIN BY HIS PARTNER.
Cincinnati Manufacturer the Victim
of a Brother-m-Law's Rage.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 2.— Ex-State Sena
tor R. J. Richardson died at his home 'n
Glendale last midnight. The Coroner's
inquest to-day holds his brother-in-law,
W J. Haldeman, a wealthy and promi
nent business man, for murder. They
were partners in a large paper mill at
LocUand, 0., and quarreled two weeks
ago over the shipment of a car of paper.
They were alone in the office at the tlmfl
when Haldeman shot Richardson five
Limes, and the facts about the case are
not yet known, as Haldeman refused to
talk. Both men have large families that
are prominent in society and business cir
cles.
SPREAD OF YELLOW FEVER.
Situation Grows Steadily Worse in
Mississippi Towns.
JACKSON, Miss.. Oct. 2.— The yellow
fever situation In Jackson grows steadily
worse In spite of all efforts to prevent the
spread of the disease. To-day's record
of new cases, 10, Is the highest yet and
more people are leaving the city for
northern points. The now cases include
four whites. Miss Kavanaugh and three
In the Hendrix family. The number of
cases in the city to date is 22, with 3
deaths.
Reports from the State; Taylor, 2 new
cases; Harriston, 3 new cases and 2
deaths; OaxforS. 1 new case; Port Gib
son, 1 suspicious case. Several other por
tions of the State also report suspicious
cases.
GEORGE DECLINES TO RUN.
Has No Desire to Enter che Race
Against Roosevelt.
NEW YORK. Oct. 3.— The World says:
Unless Henry George changes his mind
within the next forty-eight hours, he will
not be the free silverites' candidate for
Governor against Van Wyck and Roose
velt. His declination was written on Sat
urday. However, a determined effort will
be mide to get him allow his name to be
used.
DEMAND A CESSION OF
TERRITORY IN ALASKA
Canadian Commissioners Want Dyea and
SKaguay in Exchange for pishing
Concessions.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 2.— A report is in general circulation
here that the Canadian Commissioners have demanded a cession of
territory in Alaska, including the towns of Dyea and Skaguay, in
return for fishing concessions on the Newfoundland boundary.
The report comes from sources that are considered trustworthy.
A call has been issued for a meeting of the leading merchants to
morrow to investigate the report.
If found to have any foundation, a strong protest will be
made against the cession of any Alaskan territory.
BUILDINGS
LEVELED BY
A TWISTER
A Terrific Whirlwind
Near Stockton.
CONSIDERABLE DAMAGE DONE
HURRICANE RESEMBLING. THE
KANSAS VARIETY.
Houses and Barns Reduced to Kind
ling, Trees Uprooted and the
Soil Denuded of Its Vege
tation.
■ Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON. Oct. 2.— A terrific whirl
wind moving in the form of a funnel
shaped cloud swept a path from sixty
to one hundred feet wide just north of
the city at noon to-day. It was a small
and decidedly lively chunk of the genu
ine Kansas cyclone, and its movements
were in every particular like the terrors
of the Mississippi Valley. It was ac- i
companied by peals of thunder and fol
lowed by a heavy rain. The swiftly re
volving wind tore along in a north and
easterly direction, sweeping houses,
barns, outbuildings, fences and even
animals from its path. Strange to re
late, so far as known, not one human
being was injured.
The cyclone came from the northwest
and traveled southeast until just north
and east of the city, when it took a
more southerly course. It advanced at
a deliberate speed estimated by wit
nesses to not be over six or seven miles
an hour. It seemed to bound from the
earth and then, returning, snatch up
whatever it chanced to alight upon and
tear it to pieces.
The men at Henry Armbrust's winery
who happened to be in the vineyard
saw the funnel-shaped cloud approach
ing and heard the roaring sound accom
panying it long before it reached their
place. It swooped down into a field,
tore up clods, turf and sticks, bounded
over the rural cemetery without touch
ing it and descended on the winery
buildings. The roof of the packing
house, a large sheetiron area weighing
many tons, was lifted as a piece of pa
per >i?id torn and twisted. A »traw stack
protected by a shed was lifted, covering
and all, and scattered like dust. A
coop containing a lot of chickens was
carried bodily away and neither the
fowls nor the cage have been found.
A horse standing in the corral was
lifted from the ground and thrown over
the fence, landing against a shed which
had escaped destruction.
After these antics the cyclone seemed
to split in twain. One part passed
south of Armbrust's place, and the
other further to the east. The latter
seemed to be as furious as the original
zephyr. It struck the corner of the
Armbrust dwelling, carried away the
porch and tore out the corner of the
building. The two sections of the whirl
wind then slowly converged, combining
again at the Gambetta place.
Here the damage was great. The
house was literally torn to kindling
wood. No two boards were left nailed
together. The outbuildings were left
untouched.
At the Young place, a mile south of
Gambetta's a patch 100 feet in width
was mowed through the peach orchard.
The trees were torn up by the roo-ts and
twisted to pieces in the air. A section
of the fence was taken out and depos
ited in a large oak tree, a half-mile
away. The wind jumped from the
Young place, a distance of nearly a
mile. It again struck in a field and
passed on into the open country, nar
rowly missing Collegeville.
At Simon Moore's, immediately north
of here, shingles were ripped from the
barn roof and crates and boxes were
scattered all over an adjoining vine
yard.
At Philip Broschi's a new 22-foot
wlr'imill was ruined, and buildings
damaged. Loss, $400.
At Adams' dairy a barn was demol
ished and trees uprooted.
The tornado passed through Fair
Oaks, an eastern addition, where roofs
and windows suffered greatly.
Succumbs to Chloroform.
CHINO, Oct. 2.— Elmer Hewlett, an en
gineer on' the Chino road, died this after
noon from the effects of chloroform
which had been given him preparatory to
performing an operation on his foot. It
is thought the chloroform affected his
heart and caused his death as he was
in an apparently healthy condition before
it was administered, with the exception
of an ulcerated toe, which threatened
blood poisoning.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WEST INDIAN :.
STORM AND
TIDAL WAVE
Hurricane Along the
Atlantic Coast.
HEAVY LOSS OF LIFE FEARED
COUNTRY SUBMERGED AROUND
SAVANNAH.
It Is Probable That Many Persona
Perished in Small Islands
Adjacent to the Main
and.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAVANNAH, Ga., Oct. 2.— For four
teen hours, from 3 o'clock this morning
until 6 o'clock to-night, Savannah has
been in the grasp of a West Indian tor
nado. During that time the wind blew
steadily from fifty to seventy miles an
hour. While the city escaped with
comparatively little damage the loss
of property among the sea islands of
the Georgia and South Carolina coast
is believed to be very heavy.
Only one fatality has so far been re
ported — the drowning of a negro while
attempting to reach the land from . a
small island near Thunderbolt — but
heavy loss of life is feared on the South
Carolina sea islands, where such fear
ful loss of life occurred during the great
tidal storm of 1893. Tne conditions now
are similar to those during that storm.
Owing to the submerged country and
the isolated location of the islands no
news can be had from them until the
water subsides.
For miles north of Savannah the en
tire country is submerged. At noon the
water was eight feet above the high
est tide. Driven on shore by the north
east storm, it filled up on the islands,
swept over banks and dams, carrying
away the remnant of the rice crop that
was left by the August storm and had
not been gathered, and will destroy
crops.
The loss to rice growers alone will be
from $50,000 to $75,000. The rice crops
along the Savannah River, valued at
$100,000, were lost in this storm.
The damage to shipping is consider
able. The schooner Governor Ames,
which was on her way to sea with a
cargo of 1,500,000 feet of lumber, went
adrift in the harbor, but was secured
safely. The wharves at the quarantine
station at the entrance to the river har
bor were partially carried away. •
Four vessels which were at anchor at
the station were torn from their moor
ings and driven into the marshes.
Three of these were the British
schooner Syanara, bound for St. John,
N. B. ; the American schooner Millevill«^
for Milleville, N. J.; the Fanny L.
Child, for Boston, all lumber laden, and
the Italian bark Franklin. How badly
these vessels are damaged is unknown.
No news has been received from
Tybee since early in the morning and
nothing is known of the damage there.
In some suburbs of Savannah all the
boat houses on the banks and hundreds
of small boats were carried away.
The extent to which the railways
suffered is not fully known. The naval
stores and cotton and lumber yards of
the Plant system are submerged and
the tracks of the Central Railroad of
Georgia and the Georgia and Alabama
Railroad around the city are covered..
The north bound express on the F. C.
and P. R. R-, due here from Florida at
noon, has not yet arrived. Telegraph
wires are down and the condition of the
railroad tracks is unknown. The tele
phone, police, light and fire alarm wires
are down and the city is in darkness.
On Hutchinson's Island, opposite Sa
vannah and separating the city from
the South Carolina shore, there were
many negro families rescued by boats
from the revenue steamers Tybee and
Boutwell. One man with a child in his ■
arms, started to cross the dam with the
water up to his body. His wife, with
another child, stood in the window of
their house, the floor of which was al
ready flooded by the rising water, and
watched her husband feel his way, step
by step along the top of the treacher
ous dam, one false step from which,
or a caving bank, would throw him into
a swiftly moving current. Finally he
was sighted from across the river on
the city side. A boat was put in and
after a half hour's effort the man .was
rescued.
Upward of a hundred people were
brought from the island to the ctiy
in boats. To-night the wind has sub
sided but the water, which receded
with the ebb of the tide during the aft
ernoon, has again risen.
Considerable anxiety is felt for ship
ping at sea. The steamer Nacoochee,
for New York, and the steamer D. H.
Miller, for Baltimore, went to sea Sat
urday night. The City of Macon was
due this morning from New York, but
has not yet arrived, and the City of Au
gusta sailed from New York on Friday
and was due here to-night.
Until telegraphic communication is
restored or news is received from the
country between Savannah and Jack
sonville over which the heaviest part of
the storm passed, the full extent of the
damage cannot be told. ' - ,m]■ .-
CHARLESTON S. C, Oct. Much
alarm was occasioned here to-day by
the hoisting of cyclone flags by the
weather bureau. It was feared at one
time that much damage would be done,
but such was not the case. During the
day the wind reached a velocity of six
ty-two 1 miles and over. Streets in the
city were submerged. All the ships in
the harbor sought safe anchorage. It
is feared that much damage" to rice has
been done. No casualties have been 're
ported here.
SANDY HOOK. N. J.. Oct. 2, 11:30 p.
m.— The life-saving station reports a
schooner ashore near that point. The
vessel is the Stephen Bennett from
Philadelphia for Portsmouth:
GEORGETOWN, S. C. Oct. 2.— A
brisk . northeaster since last night ha»
caused : the swell to break over ■. the
docks here and caused a loss to the rio«
I cross estimated at $75,000*2
ASSASSINATED By
FOES IN AMBUSH
Quadruple Murder in
Tennessee.
FIFTH MAN CANNOT SURVIVE
ONE OF THE SLAYERS TRACED
TO COY. Jt.
Notorious John Hollingsworth Adds
io His Record of Crime, but
Is Severely Wounded
and at Bay.
Special Dispatch to The C*U-
MURFREESBORO, Term., Oct. 2 —
Thirty miles east of this city five men
are reported to have been assassinated.
John Hollingsworth killed a man by
the *iame of Hlggins over a year ago.
A suit was brought against HollinßS
worth and judgment taken against
him by the members of the Higgins
family for $5000. Yesterday there waa
to have been an auction sale of his
property to satisfy the judgment, and
Hollingsworth and several of his
friends concealed themselves in a
barn on the place. When the men
came to carry out the proceeding, the
men in hiding fired into them with
double barreled shotguns, killing four
men and wounding another so badly
that he will hardly recover. The killed
are:
Rev. A. C. Webb.
Samuel Webb, his son.
Jeff Higgins.
An unknown man.
Fatally injured: James Vincent.
The dead men are the most promi
nent people of this section. A posse
is in pursuit of Hollingsworth and his
Pa >T ASHVILLE, Term.. Oct. 2.— A spe
cial' to the American from Murfrees
boro says a telephone message has
been received from Woodbury, Cannon
County, stating that the Cannon
County murderer and assassin, James
Hollingsworth, has been shot and se
verely wounded. A crowd of policemen
have him located and expect to capture
him to-night.
CAROLINE MISKAL-HOYT,
THE ACTRESS, IS DEAD
Succumbs to Bright's Disease After
a Brief Illness — Famous for
Her Beauty
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— Caroline Miskal-
Hoyt, wife of Charles Hoyt, the piay
writor. died at hc-r home in this city of
Blight's disease, resulting in poisoning
and convulsions. Mrs. Hoyt had been ill
but for two or three days, and her condi
tion showed a marked change for the
worm this morning. She became uncon-
Bdous ami died within an hour. Her hus
band mother and sister were with her
when she died. The burial will take place
•>n Tuesday next in Cnarlestown, In. H..
where the body will be taken by special
train on that day.
Mrs Hoyt was born in Covington, Ky.,
on September 15, 1873, and was famous for
her beauty. She was Miss Caroline
Scales. Her first appearance on the stage
«r«fl with Robert Mantell. I-ater she
played a season at Daly's Theater in this
< ity. She made her first appearance in
one of Hojrt's productions. "A Temper
ance Town." It was during- this engage
that she became acquainted with
Mr Hovt, whom she married on March
4 1894. She retired from the. stage at that
time permanently, it was said, but re
turr.ed last year in one of her husoand s
nted Woman."
EIGHT THOUSAND AT
THE PEACE JUBILEE
Happy Speeches at Convention Hall,
Washington — Praise for Heroes
of the War.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— Eipht thousand
people attended the Peace. Jubilee at Con
vention Hall In this city to-;lay. Speeches
were made by R<-v. EL H. Wharton of
Maryland, and ex-Senator Patrick Walsh
of Georgia. All spoke in terms of highest
praise of the conduct of our sailors and
soldiers In the war. Mr. Walsh said the
South had shed her blood as freely as
the North.
Mr. Wharton dwelt upon the humanity
exhibited by this country toward prison
ers, and Dr. Stafford said that while, he
was proud of the record of our forces in
the war, he was proudest of all of the
remark of Captain Phillip after the de
struction of Cervera's tieet, when he said:
"Don't cheer, boys, the poor devils are
dying."
Hon. B. E. Warner presided. Dr. Tal
mage prayed, adding: "May the lion give
way to the lamb and the vulture to the
dove."
There was vociferous cheering whenever
the names of any of the heroes of the
war were mentioned, and "The Star
Spangled Banner" and "Dixie," as played
by the Marine Band, were both received
with Rreat demonstrations of approval.
PRUSSIAN MINISTER'S
BLOODTHIRSTY ORDER j
Police Must Use the Edge Instead of \
the Flat of Their Swords to
Disperse Rioters.
BERLIN, Oct. 3.— The Vorwaerts pub
lishes an order issued by the Prussian
Minister to the Governor of Eurfurt,
complaining- of the leniency shown by the
police in the recent election disturbances,
and enjoining the police in future to act
resolutely, using the edges and not the
flat of their swords if rioters refuse to
disperse. This order is believed to be
directed against the socialists and is likely
to cause a sensation.
FUNERAL SERVICE AT WIKOFF.
Impressive Scene in the Camp's Lit
tle Cemetery.
CAMP WIKOFF, Montauk Point. Oct.
2. — Funeral services were held In the
cemetery at Camp Wikoff this afternoon,
where are "now twenty bodies in the jlttle
cemetery. Fifty-two graves have been
dug and occupied on the hilltop since the
oamp opened, but thirty-two bodies have
been taken away for burial at home. Of
the twenty remaining two have not been
identified. Chaplain Henry Swift con
ducted the services, 'mere were present
the 600 members of the Second Engineers
Corps, under command of Lieutenant
Burr.
There were no deaths to-day. Many of
the sick are improving.
"ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
soap responds to wa-
ter instantly; washes
and rinses off in a
twinkling.
FEARFUL SCENES
OF DESOLATION
After the Forest Fires
in Wisconsin.
HUNDREDS LEFT HOMELESS
ONLY FOTTIt DEATHS EO FAR
REPORTED.
Raising Funds for the Relief of Suf
ferers — Snow and Rain Check
the Flames in
Colorado.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
RICE LAKE, Wis., Oct. 2.— ln the
burned district officers of the different
! towns have had crews of men burying
| and burning the dead animals to-day.
In the territory between this city and
Barron and Cumberland, in every in
stance where homes were destroyed,
nothing was sa\ d people barely es
caping with their lives. Many people
saved themselves by taking refuge in
their wells.
A meeting was, held at the opera
house to-night #nd committees were
appointed to raise funds and disburse
them. Those that have not shelter
will be brought to this city.
Adjutant General Bordman and For
est Warden Wyman, the Governor's
representatives, who were here to-day,
say the desolation is fully as bad as re
ported. As far as known only three
deaths have been reported, but many
have received severe injuries.
CUMBERLAND, Wis.. Oct. News
of another death from forest fires
comes from the town of Clinton, in this
county, to-night. A boy was found
dead on the bank of the Yellow River
with his feet in the water. His feet
were badly burned, and the appearance
indicated that he had sought the river
for safety.
The State relief party has listed sev
enty- three destitute families in Turtle
Lake, forty-two in Cumberland, forty
In Stamford and Rice Lake, thirty in
Clinton and Barron and nineteen fam
ilies in Cumberland, all of which need
immediate assistance. Supplies will be
forwarded immediately to these points.
The danger is now mostly past,
though it is unsafe to travel through
some of the fire districts in the vicinity
of Cumbreland.
The property loss in this county will
aggregate $400,000 besides the farm
buildings and crops. A large amount
of stock has been burned and much
hardwood lumber destroyed. A crew
of men were enp^ed to-day burning
the. debris of animals in the district
south of here.
DENVER, Oct. 2.— Snow and rain
have checker! the progress of the for
est fires on the main range In Colorado,
and it is now thought that further de
struction of timber is prevented. At
least all danger to the threatened
towns is over. The temperature here
has fallen perceptibly and dispatches
from the mountain towns indicate a
similar fortunate change. At -resent
nothing like a correct estimate of the
damage done can be given and it will
be days before an accurate . statement
of the losses by the fires that have been
raging for a week or more can be made.
A special to the News from Colorado
Springs pays that great clouds of smoke
have hung over the mountains south of
Pikes Peake and fierce flames have
been seen to shoot up frequently. It is
reported that Immense forest fires are
raging on the range, and that they are
gradually working their way to Crip
ple Creek. It is believed that the hent
from these fires caused the high winds
here during yesterday's fire, which
formed such a strong opposing force
against the efforts of those who were
fighting the flames.
COLORED MINERS
DRIVEN FROM TOWN
Washington, Ind., In the Possession
of a Mob of Masked
Men.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 2.— The Commercial-
Tribune's special from Washington. Ind.,
says: Thi.- city is in a great state of ex
citement to-night. A hundred and fifty
coal miners from Pana, 111., came here
this afternoon and met at the fair
grounds with the Home Union miners and
organized. At 10 o'clock to-nipht they got
together and, masked, visited all the
shucks whore the colored coal miners
lived. About fifty of the n<'Kroes were
corralled and at the points of pistols were
driven out of town. One negro refused to
go and the- miners fired on him. He has
not been found and may have been killed.
The police could do nothing. One brave
?>oliceman, Anderson Cannon, went up to
he whole mob and demanded nf them to
disperse. They answered by leveling their
pistols at him.
The masked miners took the town.
Chief of Police Call turned in the fire
alarm and called out the citizens to as
sist in keeping the peace. Several are
deputized and If another outbreak occurs
much bloodshed Is liable to result. At
this hour the street! are crowded with
people. The masked men have hidden
themselves, possibly to make an attack
on other negro shacks. There are pos
sibly fifty negroes who declare that they
will die before they leave town.
COMING STRIK? OF THE
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION 1 "
Concerted Movement to Secure a
Working Day of Nine
Hours.
PITTSBURG, Pa,, Oct. 2.— The Post will
Bay: One of the biggest strikes in the
history of typographical unions is an
event of the near future. It will be a
concerted movement for a working day
of nine hours and will evidently be fought
to a finish. It will be waged with a fat
treasury at Its back and the sympathy
and co-oporatlon of local labor unions
of all kinds throughout the cour.tr>'. The
movement w.u begun about one year ago
and It has been announced that" the cll
max Is near at hand.
Wotd was Mbefved In Pittsburg yester
day by the local typographical union to
be ready for the strike In the near future.
It will affect only certain offices. Book,
Job and publishing: establishments that
are working more than nine hours a day
will be the victims of the strike. Tele
graphic orders will be issued and the
npht will be on in earnest. The prevail
ing opinion among the trade seems that
it will be called on or before October 10.
REPELLED *BY ARGENTINA.
Chile's Futile Proposition:: to Settle
the Altacama Dispute.
VALPARAISO, Chile, Oct. 2.— A confer
ence was held yesterday in the room of j
President Errazurlz between the minis- '
ters of Argentina and Chili to arange the ,
Altacama question, which was not in- !
eluded In the arbitration negotiations be- '
tween the two countries. The Chilean
report suggested four solutions, each of
wnlch was repelled by the envoy of Ar
gentina, who. however, made no coun
ter suggestions.
Colonel Smith Improving.
BANTA MONICA, Oct. 2.— Colonel Smith
passed the night restlessly, but his con
dition to-day is much improved. While
ho is not entirely out of danger the phy
sicians believe he will recover, providing
complications do not arise.
THE SAN FBAK CISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1898.
GENERALS TELL OF
MANILA'S FALL
Reports of Greene and
Mac Arthur.
VERY INTERESTING DETAILS
VALOB OF A FIRING LINE OF
FIFTEEN MEN.
Conspicuous Gallantry of a Number
of Officers Is Strongly Com
mended — Utah Battery's
Good Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— The report of
Major General F. V. Greene, who cora-
i manded the Second Brigade, Second Dl
j vision of the Eighth Array Corps, at
Manila, at the time of the battle there
on the 13th of August last, has been
j made public. General Greene was then ■
I brigadier general. His brigade con
• slsted of the First Colorado, First Ne
! braska and Tenth Pennsylvania and
I the First and Second Battalions of the
S Eighteenth Infantry, Batteries A and
j B of the Utah Artillery, a detachment
jof Company A, Engineer Battalion,
I First California, First and Third Bat
| taiions, Third Artillery, and Company |
A, Engineer Battalion. .1
General Greene describes in detail the |
part performed by his command in the ,
battles about Manila. He expresses ap- \
preciation of the services rendered by !
Captain T. D. Mott, aide de camp to the \
i major general commanding, and to the !
I members of his own staff — Captain W. j
| G. Bates, assistant adjutant general; j
Lieutenant Schuyler Schiefttin, aide de
camp; Captain W. A. Harper, assistant
quartermaster, and Major F. S. Bourns, i
surgeon United States Volunteers (the
latter on special duty not medical) — all ;
of whom were with him on August 13.
They all carried orders under fire, for- j
tunately without any casualties.
The report of Major General MacAr- j
thur, who commanded the First Bri- j
gcide, Second Division, Eighth Army
Corps, on the day of the battle of Ma
nila, mention of which was made in
yesterday's dispatches, gives some very j
Interesting details of the tight of the i
13th of August. Following are some
of the extracts:
Several hours before the operations of
! the day were intended to commence there j
was considerable desultory firing from the j
Spanish line, both of cannon and small
arms, provoked no doubt by Filipino sol- |
diers, who insisted upon maintaining a
general fusillade along their lilies, with !
which the American line connected just I
east of the Passla road. The lire was not J
returned by our troops, and when the for
mation of the day was commenced things ,
at the front were comparatively quiet.
By 6 o'clock the position was occupied,
about 1*:35 the naval attack commenced,
and some twenty minutes thereafter the
| gun of Battery U, Utah Artillery, opened '
! on blockhouse 14. the guns of the Astor j
I Battery having engageu an opposing bat
tery Borne miuutes after the opening of
the naval attack. There was no reply
from the blockhouse or contiguous lines,
! either by guns or small arms. The op
position to the Astor flre, aoweyer, was
1 quite energetic, but after a spirited con
i test the opposition, consisting probably
1 of two pieces, was silenced.
This content was the only notable lea
i ture of the lirst stage of the action and
! was especially creditable to the organiza-
I tion engaged. The poaition selected by
■ Lieutenant March after careful recon
| noissance was perhaps the. only one pos
! sible In the vicinity, and It was occupied
with great skill and held with commenda
; ble firmness with the battery, having three
mi D wounded, one of whom has since j
died. Tha Utah gun on the road fired four- 1
' teen shots at blockhouse 14 with good ef- j
. feet, as was subsequently ascertained
i upon inspection of the works.
Lieutenant Grow and detachment de
! serve great credit for the commendable
manner in which the piece was served
and pulled through the mud without the
assistance of horses. Some time about 11
o'clock concentrated Infantry lire was j
heard in front of the Second Brigade, and |
not long thereafter an exultant shout in- j
diratcd substantial success for our arms
on the left. It was therefore assumed
that the enemy had been so shaken as to
make the advance practicable without a
j serious disadvantage to our troops. At
1 about 11:30 o'clock a United Stages flag ■
was placed upon blockhouse 14, thus con
cluding the second stage of the action
without opposition and wiTiioUt loss.
The general advance was soon resumed, |
the Thirteenth Minnesota leading, with j
Company X a> advance guard; hen the i
i Astor Battery, the battalion of the Twen
i ty-third Infantry, the battalion of the
Fourteenth infantry and the North l)a
', kola Regiment following in the order
named. At a point ju^t south of Slng
along a blockhouse was found burning,
• causing a continuous explosion of small
arms ammunition, which, together wltti a.
scattered flre from the enemy, retarded
: the advance for a time. All difficulties j
were soon overcome, however, including
the passage of the Astor Battery, by the
; determined efforts of Lieutenant Mart h
; and his men, assisted by the infantry of
; the Minnesota Regiment, over the gun
: emplacement which obstructed the road.
In the village of Sinpalong the advance
fell under a looso fire, tlie Intensity of
' which increased as the forward niove
> merit was pressed, and very soon the com
mand was committed to a fierce combat.
This strong opposition arose at block
house 20 of the Spanish defenses, a de
; taehed work with emplacements for six
■ guns, which fortunately were not filled on
the 13th inst., but the work was occupied
: by a detachment of infantry— probably a
strong rear guard. The advance party,
consisting of men of the Minnesota Reg
iment, reinforced by volunteers from the
Astor Battery, led by Lieutenant March
I and Captain Sawtelle of the brigade staff
ins an individual volunteer, reached a
; point within lens than eighty yards of the
blockhouse, but was obliged to retire to
; the intersection road In the village, at
which point a hasty work was improvised
and occupied by a firing line of about j
\ fifteen men. Aside from conspicuous In- i
dividual actions in the first rush, the well I
; regulated conduct of this firing line was
■ the marked feature of the contest, and |
i it is proposed, if possible, to ascertain the
names of the men engaged, with a view
to recommending them for special dis
tinction.
At about 1:30 p. m. all the firing- had
! ceased and two scouting parties volun
j tarlly led by Captain Sawtelle and Lleu
■ tenant March soon thereafter reported
i the retreat of the adversary. The city
i was entered without further incident
, through the Paoeo district. The contact
was made about 12 o'clock and the con
i test continued with great ferocity until
| 1:35 — that is to say, about an hour and a
j half. The loss in the combat was three
! officers wounded, four enlisted men killed
and thirty-three wounded.
General Mac Arthur takes occasion to
I commend In strong terms the g-allantry
! of Colonels Ovenshine and Reeve, Cap
! tains Sawtelle, Bjofnstadt and Seebach, I
and of Lieutenants March, Kernan and
Whitworth.
Good Work of Forest Rangers.
BALLARD, Oct. 2.— The recent rain
han put the fire fiends out of a job and
the Government patrol will have a respite
for a few weeks. The Government ap
pointed forest rangers in the Zaca Lake
reserve just in the nick of time, the finest
timber belt In this reserve having been
saved from destruction after a hard fight
lart week. The Call correspondent here
brought news of the fire and sent r force
of men, who arrived in time to extinguish
the conflagration.
Captain Relieved of His Command.
LEXINGTON, Kw, Oct. 2.— Captain J.
F. Williams of Company I, Eighth Massa
chusetts, was placed under arrest and
confined to his quarters to-day for neg
lecting to inspect th« guard while he wai
officer of the day. He has been tempora
rily relieved of his command. The matter
may come before a court-martial.
PREPARING TO
OCCUPY HAVANA
Reasons for Expediting
Matters.
SPANIARDS MUST EVACUATE
HUNGRY CUBANS HAVE GROWN
DESPERATE.
American Forces and Warships Sug
gested as the Best Diplomats
Against Spanish Pro
crastination,
Special cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, Ib9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Cuba, Oct. 2.— Though it is
a hazardous venture to make predic
tions in the face of Spanish procrasti
nation, it may be predicted that the
American flag will be flying over Morro
and Cabanas within three weeka. There
are several reasons why the Commis
sioners wish to see the occupation begin
as soon as possible.
First— They believe the presence of
American forces and warships the best
kind of diplomacy to hasten negotia
tions with the Spanish Commission.
Second — The presence of our men
would tend to- crowd the Spaniards out.
Third— lmmediate action would facili
tate the distribution of relief supplies
and prevent n^'-avation attending the
evacuation by armed and hungry Cu
bans who cannot be freed from camp
life until Spanish soldiers disappear or
there are sufficient Americans present
to control them and guarantee Cuban
safety.
Fourth — It would enable reconcentra
dos strong enough to work, but axe now
prevented from doing so, to find self
sustaining employment, while making
possible the distribution of proper food
among those still dying in large num
bers, deaths being fewer than in Gen
eral Weyler's time simply because there
are fewer teft to die.
Fifth— While all is quiet and abso
lute security reigns, General JBlanco's
withdrawal introduces a factor of un
certainty. While he remains Ameri
cans are safe, for he has the power and
will make them so. While his successor
is unknown, both power and will to
preserve order are unknown quantities.
The plan is, on the arrival of the first
American troops here to take posses
sion of both Murro and Cabanas simul
taneously and hoist the American flag
over both. This is advised as making a
display of American sovereignty and
also gaining possession of the harbor
entrance, thus obviating any possible
submarine treachery against American
warships. As soon as possible there
after the Americans are to take con
trol of the Custom-house and collect
revenues, preserving Spanish rates till
sufficient warning of change has been
given to importers and merchants.
Then gradually American control is to
be extended until it includes the whole
municipal and provincial administra
tion.
The American Commission held a ses
sion late yesterday afternoon to con
sider the Spanish reply on evacuation
and a request for a jo-lnt session to
morrow, which wtte received earlier in
the day. The Spanish reply does not
insist on the original dates proposed —
to begin the evacuation on November 1
and end it on April 1.
The Commission also discussed the
report of Captains Page and Brooks, in
which th«y make the following recom
mendations:
First— Revocation of arbitrary laws of
reconcentratlon which were still extant
wherever we went and are probably exist
ing: elsewhere in the islands.
Second — Immediate evacuation by the
Spanish troops of the district of Keme
dlos, in the province of Santa Clara and
the removal of Spanish rule therefrom.
This district includes the important
municipalities of Calbarien, Remedlos,
Vueltas, Camajuani and Yagujay,
which represent the most important
sugar and tobacco centers and are con
nected with the town of Placetas by
standard and narrow-gauge railroads.
The main port of this district is the
flourishing town of Caibarien. Such
evacuation could be speedily accom
plished by the removal by rail of the
Spanish trorrps to other points west.
They are. Indeed, very few troops in
this district, but the Spanish forces are
being centered in Placetas.
American acceptance of the joint ses
sion proposal to be sent to-morrow will
probably be accompanied by an answer
to the evacuation document and a re
quest for the removal of reconcentrados
under regulations in accord with the
officers' recommendations. The last twn,
however, may perhaps await the joint
session.
SECOND ARMY CORPS
TO BE SENT TO CUBA
About to Be Shipped From Camp
Meade to Anninston Prepara
tory to the Trip.
CAMP MEADE, Mlddletown, Pa., Oct.
2. — The Second Army Corps will be ship
ped from Camp Meade to AnniHton, Ala.,
preparatory to being sent to Cuba. The
movement from here will begin In about
two weeks, and will be completed with
the least possible delay. The first divi
sion, to which the Eighth, Thirteenth,
Fourteenth and Fifteenth Pennsylvania
regiments are attached, will get away
first. This division is in command of Gen
eral S. M. B. Young and will be stationed
at Anniston about a month and then for
warded to Cuba. The programme is to
keep General Young's troops in Cuba for
three or four months and then bring Ciem
back to this country and muster thorn
out.
To-morrow the Second Division. In com
mand of General Davis, will be moved to
Anniston, and from there to Cuba to take
the place of the First, when it returns
for muster out.
Major General Graham has asked the
War Department for more definite infor
mation as to the movement of his troops,
and expects to have a reply to-morrow.
Several 'carloads of supplies were ship
ped to-day to Anniston. The regimental
quartermaster has orders to make requi
sition for forage and other supplies to
lust thirty days instead of five.
POSTOFFICE RULING.
Difference Between a Referee and
Trustee In Bankruptcy.
..ASHIGTON, Oct. 2.— ln a communi
cation to the Attorney General, respond
ing to the inquiry, acting Postmaster Gen
eral Heath says the Postofflee Depart
ment holds that a referee in bankruptcy
1b an officer of the United States Govern
ment, entitled to use the "penalty en
velopes," but 1b not satisfied that a trus
tee in bankruptcy is so entitled. Tho ref
eree, he explains, is appointed by the
court and required to take the usual oath,
while the trustee represents the creditors,
is appointed by thorn and is not required
to take the oath.
MERRITT AT MARSEILLES.
On His Way to Join the Peace Com
mission at Paris.
MARSEILLES, Oct. 2.— Major General
Merrltt. who with his staff left Manila
on August 30 en route for Paris, where he
will taKe part In the" peace conference, ar
rived here to-day and proceeded to the
French, capital
WANT KID DEATH
IN CUBAN CAMPS
American Officers' Trip
to Santa Clara.
FIND THE SITUATION AWFUL
DESTITUTION IMPOSSIBLE TO
DESCRIBE.
Towns Literally Wiped Off the. Map
and Utter Desolation Where
All Should Be Smiling
Plenty.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Oct. 2.— Captain Brooks,
commission disburser, and Captain
Page of General Butler's staff, two of
the most energetic officers attached to
the commission, returned last evening
from a trip through the center of the
I island, particularly in the northern sec
tion of Santa Clara province. They
started from here early Monday morn
; ing and covered nearly one thousand
| miles by rail and upward of fifty on
! horseback. The arduous trip was un
; dertaken on Captain Page's suggestion,
! with General Butler's indorsement,
with the object of inspecting possible
| camp sites, discovering the real condi
1 tions of the country and getting unoffi
cially In touch with the insurgent lead
ers shut off from all news except such
| as is distorted before it reaches them.
Reporting to the commission this
j morning- the two officers strongly rec
i ommended immediate measures of re
! lief for Cuban soldiers by opening ports
j and abolishing Spanish barriers against
i food maintained, notwithstanding the
j supposed peace. They also urge immedi
! ate Spanish evacuation of sufficient
'■ areas to permit surviving reconcentra
dos to work, they being at present pre
j vented by irksome Spanish restrictions.
They found conditions of extreme
: want in most of the Cuban camps. Con
| ditions were worse in Santa Clara,
where the death rate is still 400 a
month, mainly from starvation, having
j fallen from the rate of 1000 a
month chiefly through the diminution
of human material to provide victims.
!Of 400 families in Santa Clara city
taken from their own farms under Gen
' eral Weyler's order, 300 have absolutely
vanished under the reconcentrado sys
tem.
The officers say it is Impossible to
describe the destitution and its accom
paniments. They found towns liter
! ally wiped off the map, once prosperous
estates heavily overgrown, roads re
• duced to goat tracks, bridges destroyed,
1 wires tangled with tropical s^rub, and
I death, destruction and ruin everywhere.
; the natural riches of the country only
! emphasizing utter desolation where all
! should be smiling plenty.
TREATED LIKE DOGS ON
THE TRANSPORT OBDAM
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. 2.—Sur
j geon Mannor Seaman of the transport
| Obdani declares that there will be a
I repetition of the awful horrors that
i have characterized the voyage home of
j the other transports if more sick 801
1 diers are sent on board the vessel for
! transportation to New York. He says
j that when the Obdam left Porto Rico
many on board were sick, yet the first
i quartermaster refused to furnish wine
| for their use, but supplied them with
; hardtack and canned food, saying that
:he had no authority to ilo that. Sur
j geon Seaman said he would hold him
I responsible should any deaths occur,
! and finally succeeded in obtaining suit
j able food for those who were ill.
Hearing that - number of other sick
! soldiers were to be sent aboard her, the
j surgeon mnjor made a protect and stat
i ed that he was informed by General
| Lawton that his protest showed lack
of discipline and that an officer had
been appointed to see how many addi
tional men the Obdam could carry. He
says he will cable to Surgeon General
Stemberg a protest disclaiming re
sponsibility for whatever may happen.
Mayor McCleary o>« Santiago is en
deavoring to compel the merchants to
sell necessaries of life at reasonable
I rates.
WHITE EARTH INDIANS
ARE CAUSING ANXIETY
Conflicting Beports From the Minne-
sota Reservation Received at
Washington.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— The Interior
Department authorities fear the situa
tion in the White Earth Indian Reserva
tion in Minnesota may be serious, not
withstanding official reports to them
state that no trouble is apprehended.
They base this on press dispatches, for
Acting Secertary of the Interior Ryan
has received a dispatch from Indian Agent
Sutherland, in charge of the Indians
there, announcing that everything is quiet
and that there is no apprehension of
trouble, either on Bear Island or Leech
Lake. A dispatch of similar tenor has
also been sent by Indian Inspector Tin
ker, located at that point, and the of
ficial report to the War Department from
the commander of that department of the
army also expresses the opinion that no
danger Is to be apprehended. The Gov
ernment will watch matters closely to
prevent trouble.
NARROW ESCAPE FROM
DEATH IN FLAMES
Ex-Sheriff Parker and Family of Mo
doc County Almost Cremated in
Their Home.
AT/TTTRAS, Oct. 2.— The beautiful dwell
ing of ex-Sheriff C. B. Parker was de
stroyed by fire at an early hour this
morning:. The family barely escaped In
their night clothes. The fire started from
a defective flue in the upper story.
Mr. Parker and his wife awoke at about
2 o'clock to find their home in flames. Mr.
Parker picked up his wife and seven-day
old baby, together win the bedding, and
removed them to a place of safety. Then
he returned to arouse the other occupants
and rescue two small boys. Upon enter-
Ing the upper story he was confronted by
a solid sheet of flames and with difficulty
succeeded in reaching and removing the
boys.
The only articles saved were blankets
find wrapping these around his family
Mr. Parker drove to town, a distance of
seven miles, for shelter. The trip was a
severe one on Mrs. Parker, as the ground
was covered with a slight sprinkling of
snow and the thermometer was several
decrees below zero. 9
The loss will reach nearly $5000, with
$3000 Insurance.
WHEELER THE FIRST WITNESS
Will Go Before the War Investigators
. on Tuesday.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— The war In
vestigation commission will resume Its In
quiry to-morrow, but a full attendance of
members is not expected until Tuesday.
No important work will Be taken up until
Tuesday. No important work will be taken
up until all are present. General Wheeler
has arrived, ana he expressed a willing
ness to go before the commission on Tues
day as requested. He will be the first
witness examined.
INCREASED TUXES
II SANTA CLARIS
New Rate the Highest in
Years.
GANG RULE IS EXPENSIVE
PEOPLE BEGIN TO REALIZE THE
TACT.
Supervisor Rea Said to Be Colonizing
Laborers at the County's Ex
pense to Insure His
Re-election.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— The county tax
riae fixed by the Board f Supervisors
last week is the highest in six years,
if not the highest ever levied, in Santa
Clara County. The levy this year is
$1 40 per $100 valuation on property
ortside incorporated towns and cities
and $1 10 in municipalities. This is an
increase of 2 cents over the outside rate
and 7 cents over the inside rate of last
y xr, when the levies were $1 03 inside
and SI '»'> outside. A comparison of the
assessed valuation and State levies
makes the increase larger than it looks
or. its face.
In 189' the assessed valuation of prop
erty in Santa Clara County was $49,
418,945, whiie this year the valuation has
been raised to $G0,004,b05. The State
rate last year was 51 cents, which, de
ducted from the $1 38 county rate,
leaves 87 cents with which to conduct
county affairs. That sum raised about
$431,000. This year the State tax is 2.2
cents lower than last year, or 48.S
cents, and the valuation nearly $1,000,
000 higher. On an assessed valuation
of $50,054,885 the 91.2 cents of levy left
for county affairs will this year raise
$456,000, or" a little over $25,000 more
than last year. As each cent additional
on the levy raises $5000, this shows that
the present increase in county taxes
over last year is virtually 5 cents.
This is not at all pleasing or en
couraging to tax payers, and as they
note the steady increase in the rate of
taxation they wonder where the "gang"
of tax-eaters will stop.
The following table showing the tax
rates and assessed valuation for the
past six years is interesting, as it
shows a steady increase during that
time:
Tax Rate.
Assessed
Valuation.
'State i
I Rate ■
Teai^-
1593
1594
1896
is% .......
1597
1898
Outside.;
$55,182,115
65,240,175
55,446,995
58,204,777
49,418.945
60,054,835
$1 00
95
1 15
1 00
1 03
1 10
*1 30
1 25
1 45
1 30
1 S3
1 40
57.6
49.3 I
63.5 i
42.9 .
51.0
45.8 i
The valuation and rate In 1895 were
higher than that set for this year, but
at that time the State rate was 68.5
c its, leaving but 76.5 cents levy for
county expenses, and this amount
raised about $420,000.
The people of Santa Clara County are
beginning to realize that they pay too
heavily for their county government.
T* c Board of Supervisors, which acts
under "Boss" Rea's orders, is responsi
ble for the continual increase in taxes
without a corresponding material bene
fit. Santa Clara County has the best
roads in the State, but they cost more
than they should and the Supervisors
do a good deal of unnecessary road
work about election time to further
their chances at the polls. Just at pres
ent a good example of this can be seen
in the First Supervisorial District,
where Supervisor George E. Rea, a
brother of the "boss," is a candidate for
re-election. It is said laborers are be
ing colonized in the district to insure
his election and that they are being
given unnecessary employment on the
roads.
KILLS "HIS IDIOT BROTHEB.
Pennsylvania Youth Takes the Part
of His Mother.
ASHT.AND, Pa., Oct. 2.— While Michael
Thompr-on. a half-wittod youner man, was
chasing his mother about the dining
room at his home in Mahaney Plain this
afternoon his brother Thomas seized a
shot pun ar.d shot Michael, instantly kill
ing him. Thomas surrendered to the au
thorities.
First-Class Postmasters' Convention.
WASHINGTON, Cct. 2.— A convention
of postmasters of the first class will be
holn at Detroit next week. Postmasters
desiring leave to attend It can secure it
by applying- to Assistant Postmaster Gen
eral Heath by wire or letter.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i Have You Got VARICOCELE? 1
i 0\ It Wears Out a Man's Life— a
! \>r^W It Ruins Vitality and De- g
\ /j't \ stroys Ambition, £
£ 1 " \Xy,/ «\j- l^f^N VarJcocele Is an enlargement -of CJ
< kM^/VO'} the veina - a cl <>«lnp of the circu- «
'jfgj-i-jii . latlon. It comes from excesses, *"*
I /vSsHWjIS 5\ from Injury, from strain and from O
. // '';*^*s» Ta great weakness of the vital parts v*
I ... \[( ' ' yi\ '"s«^ causes 0
! iv '' J/\i Dragging Pains in the Back, Pains in' a
x Witt// /y Jvk )V^^^ th 9 QrOin and Abdo: ? en ' General a
{ Iff ' TV/ l/lm^ s "Weakness and Lassitude, and Early »
* J,/ ' //in ) 'OH % ''. Destruction of Vitality. B
; . WJ^jsj*m '^Ws3;st<£& s Men of forty feel like eixtv when
:v: ,Y^ /fe7/i%Sj^^^fe*\ they have Varicocele. It gills all »
! >^(r^^PLi«d^^^^l^^ ambition and makes youne men feel' rt
; ,C U 4^feg^> W^,# -^S «hat the brightness has g-one out 2
! ,t«r-^.^^^ Ksl^B^»&W^ of llfe - It ls , a Becret dra!n that . «
: -^iS^^^ r~'=s=s=s'<» r — eats up manl-- strength as surely '»
: s^-(^J^ lr as . d ,o« s consumption. Have you X
> gOt—lt: If SO, --- ■ Q
PR, SANBEN'SELECTRiG BELT WILL CURE YOU -|
' :".X.: ".X.- ■■ ' ' ' ' . ■■ ' • ■
CURED OF VARICOCELE IN TWO MONTHS.
DR. SAXDEN: As I have been advising my friends to try your famous Belt^Vwiah
to tell you ray experience. It has cured me of a very bad case of Varioocele 'as wail »
as very weak vital system. I was so badly run down and had a large •welling on the
left side. My strength was gradually leaving mo. and I felt that I would die <f I 8'
didn't get help. I was advised to try your Belt, and got one. It helped me at one* v*
and In thirty days I was greatly improved. My friends remarked at my Jncreaaa in 8
weight. In two months the Varlcocele was all gone, and I was as strong as ever t « '
have been all right since. It also cured my brother of sciatic rheumatism YaarZ ' y*.
truly. ■■:-.■- « C. H. GLaser: **
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is an absolute euro for Varicocele. It overcome ♦». &
disease in - a simple, scientific manner. . . . • , ■.. . ™ ra - me ~~
:; It han thousands of ether cures. They are reported daily. It cures all weakn.w. "
in men. If you are troubled with weakness In any way. call and examine this r^«s 8-
. derful Belt. Test the powerful current it. gives and see how easily regulated ,T^" •>* '
Don't be Ignorant of a remedy which may correct all ycur past mistakes and oi««» **
your future happiness. Don't delay; act now. G«t the book, "Three Clapsef ? »
Men," devoted to the weaknesses of men, tells the cause of early decay In ycun* «i?i" ■ v
middle-aged man. It shows how Electricity. : properly applied, will restora m?« ' tt-
power, and gives. the proof. It Is f roe upon application. A call preferred. * y^
DR. A. T. SANDEN, *— - — - ' " "^ ■"•-»:■:•»■'
01 Kariat Btrwt, Conn SoiniT, Ban FrtaclMs. ; J[Q J {" DRUB STORK &
Offlce hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 ■ ' UntOt w
to 1. : Branches at Los Anyeles, Cal.. iii Wen ' Dr. Banden'i Electric Be!* w
, Second street ; Portland, Or., 2C3:Wa«hln 9 U)o «■ never sold la dwa? *?«! tt
street: Denver. Colo ; 881 Sirteeith street: : ,■, ■ nor by traveling a*c-n?«t - n.
fift^l"^,^. 9trert: But "- *«•• ij^a^>. "^'^ g
»»«» »»»«« « » » » «a n «»» »» a » «
- -'-. - . "' ■ • . "■>-■ • -> - ■ ■ ■ •;■•■ ■■■. .■.--_■ .
HARNESS STARS
WILL CONTEST
Record-Holders to Race
at Los Angeles.
MEETNG BEGINS ON TUESDAY
KLATAWAH WILL TRY FOR A
NEW MARK.
Dione, Klamath, Searchlight, Ana
conda, Toggles and Other Fast
Ones to Match Sp=ed and
Endurance,
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 2.— The annual
Los Angeles fair will begin Tuesday
and continue eleven days. At a meet
ing of the Board of Directors of
District Agricultural Association No. 6
last night, a series of extraordinary
harness races were arranged. The quar
tet of stars manipulated by Tom Koat
ing- is to come direct from Lexinsion.
Ky. Klatawah, is to be sent to beat
his own three-year-old world's record
of 2:05^2- Dione and Klamath are to be
entered in the free-for-all trot against
Monterey, Toggles and other trotters
now in California, while the cham-
X" T s, Searchlight and Anaconda, are to
try conclusions in a pacing race. There
is oniy a half second difference in thrir
records, both having marks below 2:05.
Klatawah, Searchlight and Anaconda,
are, respectively, the fastest three
year-old and five-year-old side-wheel
ers in the world.
In addition to these record breakers.
Much Bitter, the fastest green pacer of
the year, with a mark of 2:07*4. will be
a starter at the Los Angeles meeting.
There will be four running races every
day of the meeting, and the outlook for
a highly successful meeting is very
promising. The horses are due to ar
rive from the north to-morrow.
TORPEDO-BOAT DAVIS
READY FOR HER TRIAL
Portland (Or.) Builders Satisfied That
She Will More Than Meet
Requirements.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— E. Wolffe of the
firm of Wolffe & Zwicker of Portland, Or.,
has notified the Navy Department that it
is ready to submit to official spoed trials
the torpedo boat Davis, built by that firm,
and has requested the department to fix
a time and place for the trial. As no
naval vessel has yet been tried on the
North Pacific Coast, it will be necessary
for the department to lay out a trial
course, probably in Puget Sound.
The builders of the Davis have been
making some private trials with the lit
tle boat, which is required to make a
speed of 22% knots, and having run up the
revolutions of her screw to 400. while only
370 are required, they feel satisfied that
she will more than meet the requirements.
Mr. "Wolffe was at the Navy Depart
ment to-day when the bias were opened
for four new monitors, and seems to be
satisfied with the opening. Although he
was not successful himself, yet he is glad
that ono of them will be built on the Pa
cific Coast.
Mr. Wolffe, in speaking of the torpedo
boat Davis, mentioned that he did not
desire that it be taken away from the Co
lumbia River for a trial course, and
thinks it will be run Inside of ten days, as
it will take taat time before the depart
ment can send the necessary official. The
linn is now constructing trie torpedo boat
Fox. which is expected to be completed
in three weeks, and also the torpedo de
destroyer Uoldßborough, which will not be
ready till January.
NEW 'JBANSPACIFIC LINE.
Canadian Pacific Vessels to Ply Be
tween Vancouver and Vladi
vostok.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 2.— The Can
adian Pacific Railroad will establish a
new trans-Pacific line. The steamers Tar
tar and Athenian of over 4500 tons will
run between Vancouver and Vladivostock.
Vlauivostock will be the terminus of the
trans-Canadian and trans-Asian line re
spectively. The Athenian will sail first,
loading: here and then proceeding to Port
land and Seattle, where grain will prob
ably be placed on board for Russia.
Colonel Bryan Is Convalescent.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— Colonel W. J.
Bryan is sufficiently recovered from his
attack of fever to return to his regiment
and this he intends to do In a few days.
He will leave Washington to-morrow for
Hot Springs, where he stops two or three
days. He will then go to Pablo Beach,
Florida, where his regiment is stationed.
Mrs. Bryan wiil accompany the colonel
to the springs and later to Florida.SHORT SHRIFT
FOR THE SLAYER
OF A YUKOHER
Double Tragedy Near
Lake Teslin.
MINER KILLED AS HE SLfPT
COMPANIONS SOON AVENGE HIS
DEATH.
Murderer Is Riddled With Bullets by
Pursuers, His Brother As
sisting in Meting Out
Justice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, Oct. 2.— Charles
Wain, an Englishman, who has just
returned from a prospecting trip up the
Hootalinqua, tells of a tragedy enacted
abont thirty miles down from Lake
Teslin. A party of French Canadians
who went in by the Btikeen route last
winter were encamped there. One of
their number, Alphonse Leclair was
murdered by Xavier Lauznn, another
of the party. All members of the party
hail from Quebec. The victim had won
about 115 from the murderer at cards.
Lauzon alleged that he cheated and
swore to be avenged. That nieht— it
was about eight weeks ago— the mur
derer crept to where hip victim lay
asleep In his Bleeping bag and plunged
a hunting knife into his prostrate form
several times, killing Leclair almost in
stantly. Lauzon then fled.
pn discovering the horrible crime in
the morning the other members of the
party soon connected Lauzon with tne
murder, for they had heard his threats.
and at once organized a pursuit. Lau
zon was captured after a chase or
about five hours and riddled with bul
lets by his late comrades. One was his
brother, who. forgetting hi? relation
ship in hte indignation at the coward
ly murder, helped the lynchers. Ihe
miners did not report the tragedy to
any of the authorities on the way. but
It is expected they will make a full re
port on reaching Dawson.
QUARTZ FINDS ON
DOMINION CREEK
VICTORIA. B. C\. Oct. 2.— There are
about sixty Klondikers on the steam
ship Dirigo, which reached Victoria
this evening from Skaguay, but few of
them brought big fortunes, the ma
jority being men hurrying out before
winter shall have caught them in the
interior without work.
The miners who left Dawson City on
mber 14, coming up the river on
the stern wheeler Ora, bring news that
Dawson City was electrified just prior
to their leaving by big finds of quartz.
Great ledges and gold-bearing lodes
were found on the bench of Hunker
and Dominion Creeks. The reports
concerning the more recent discovery
near Dominion are of such a character
as to arouse great interest in quartz
prospecting.
Th-: main find, which Is situated in
the locality of the Dominion, from
which most of the creeks derive their
gnurcp. is sixteen fec-t in width and of
a honeycomb nature, carrying quanti
ties of "galena and chloride. The as
says give $11 40 silver and $9 60 gold.
The discoverer of the Dominion find
was W. J. Partridge, lately a hotel
k ee p er o f this city. He has disposed
Of four-fifths of his interests to the
North Amercian Transportation and
Trading Company. The properties are
b^ing vigorously worked, and it is ex
pected will give big results.
A rich strike on Selvin River, on the
Dawson side of the Selkirk, is attract
ing many miners from the metropolis.
A number of citizens of Dawson held
a consultation with Ogilvie on Septem
ber 10. and it was resolved to incorpor
ate Dawson. Ogilvie was interviewed
at Dawson and said the royalty was
not likely to be changed. He will in
■ vestigate charges against the Gold
Commissioner and officials.
RICH STRIKES ON
LITTLE BLANCHE CREEK
SEATTLE. Oct. 2.— "Jack" Farr, who
. has just arrived from Dawson. reports
that rich strikes have been made on
Little Blanche Creek. This stream has
. 'its headwaters in the mountains be
tween El Dorado and Chief Gulch. Al
though many locations were made last
.winter little work was done until late
this summer. Pans run from 20 cents
to 53 50, while many nuggets worth
from $4 to $6 have been found.
LONE OUTLAW ROBS
AN OREGON STAGE
Carries Off Registered Letters Con-
taining About a Thousand
Dollars.
EMPIRE CITY. Or O^t. 2.— About 4
o'clock this morning the Rosoburg-Myrtle
Point stage was robbed about one mile
east of the lattor place by one man with
a revolver. The driver, named Baker,
•was commanded to halt, and after obey
ing was ordered to throw out the mail
bag. Haker threw the way sack to the
robber, who immediately told him it was
.'the registered bag he wanted. After get
ting the registered sack the highwayman
told him to drive on.
ker cannot give a description of the
.robber. There were sixteen registered
letters In the sack, containing between
$800 and $IWi. Sheriff Gage was notified
and was upon the track this forenoon,
hut at last accounts had discovered no
clue.
GENERAL PRECIPITATION.
Bain and Snow Descend Upon the
Mountains.
" SACRAMENTO, Oct. 2.— Several show
. re fell here to-day, and at the railroad
office it Is learned that during the past
two days there has been a generous fall
of rain "and snow in the mountains. Above
Blue Canyon snow fell for over thirty
hours, but as it thawed nearly as fast as
me down, only a thin coating now
- the ground. Below I'.lue Canyon
and along the foothills the rain came
idily, though there was no
heavy downpour. On Thursday last the
rain "came down all day in the Mount
Shasta region and a noticeable rise in the
river was the result. It is believed by
farmers that grapes on the vinfj will be
considerably damaged by the rains, and
. that late peaches also will suffer, though
to what extent can only be surmised.
RAILROADERS DEMONSTRATION
President McKinley to Addrtess Em-
ployes at Chicago.
CHICAGO. Oct. 2.— Arrangements have
been made for President McKinley to ad
dross a meeting exclusively of railroad
employes, Thursday afternoon, October
20. In the First Regiment Armory. Two
MAY BE CHARGED WITH
CRIMINAL CONSPIRACY
Warrants Said to Have Been Issued for the
Arrest of Senator Quay and Others in
Connection With a Bank Failure.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.-A Philadelphia special to the Herald says:. It
reported late to ft that warrants were issued yesterday for
the areest of Senator Quay and others on a charge of criminal con
spiracTwlth John S. Hopkins in connection with the State money on
dd TPT PP hh O e Sit bank h a c StTte' instSfon. closed its doors last spring, the day
afTer Cashie? Hopkins committed suicide by shooting. Receiver
ai J ,„ xv R,rinw declined to affirm or deny the rumor of prospective
Irr°eTts Tarn" McManS. president of the bank, resides at St. Davids
and could not be reached to-night.
other railway demonstrations will be held
in Chicago during the two daj* _
ing the Peace Jubilee. The ajueu &
izatlons under wh<\«e a Hf* if r ntherhood of
tions will be held are the Brottiernooo^oi
Locomotive Engineers. Firemen.
men. Conductors and Telegrapners.
DUTCH FLAT DEMONSTRATION.
Old Mininj Town the Scene of a Re
publican Bally.
\T-RT"RV Oct 2. - The Republican
ratty at Dutch Flat last night was one of
SeVrgSt ever held in **>!*£?«*
T)lo «n*«aker was Hon. Frank v.
The iPeara- , rian and ex-Minister
C oomlis. huite v , traln was run
to Japan. -An ex people along the
L^took advantage of the opportunity to
W h the rally There was a big par
aV 1-1 n three bands and the Auburn
! a^* rSftax Republican Clubs in uniform
i T he hal was crowded to overflowing and
! 55? greatest enthusiasm prevailed.
MONUMENT TO IRISH PATRIOTS.
Foundation-Stone Laid by the Mayor
of Cork.
! CORK Oct. 2.— An orderly demonstra
tion took place here to-day upon the oc
casion of the laying of the foundation
stone by the Mayor of the city of a mon
ument in memory of the Irish revolution
[jrts of 1790 1803, IMB and 1867. Several
! Irish members of the House of Commons
; wen- present. A resolution was adopted
congratulating Irish-Americans upon their
patriotic efforts to prevent the forming of
an Anglo-American alliance.
LARGE METEOR FALLS.
Comes Down in a Pasture on a Ranch
Near San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 2.— A meteor of re
markable size and brilliancy passed over
this city at 5:57 o'clock this morning. Its
course "was from west to east. A tele
! phone message from Paradise Valley
tlve miles east of here, says that the
i meteor descended at that place and struck
I the earth in a pasture of Ralph Granger a
\ ranch. A party has started out to find
the place where it fell.
DIFFERENCES WTIjJI CANADA.
Lord Herschell Says They Are of a
Minor Character.
MONTREAL. Oct. 2.— Lord Herschell,
chairman of the International Commis
sion now in session in Quebec, was ban
queted by the bar of Montreal last even
inr In reply to a toast in his honor he
Jot lee why they should not be easily ad
justed.
CROWDS VISIT THE RUINS.
Loss by the Colorado Springs Fire
About $650,000.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Oct 2.-Hun
dreds of people to-day visited the still
smoking ruins of yesterday's conflagra
tion The best estimates obtainable place
helos at between $00,000 and $700,000.
It was announced to-night that th©
Broadmore Hotel and Casino would re
open for the winter^
FIVE MINERS SUTFOCATED.
Result of the Fire in the Midvale
Colliery at Wilkesbarre.
WILKESBARRE, Pa.. Oct. 2.-The fire
In the Midvale mine caused the loss of
five lives. The body of the fifth victim.
Joseph Torofski, was found this morning.
All died from suffocation. All the em
ployes have now been accounted for. The
fire caused very little damage to the mine.
SHAFTER'S COMMAND.
Expects to Have the Department of
the Pacific.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— General Shafter
left Camp Wlkoff this afternoon for Gov
ernor's Island to take command of the
Department of the East. General Shafter
said some time ago that his assignment
to this department would be temporary,
as he expects later to have the Depart
ment of the Pacific.
Valuable Dogs Perish.
» SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 2.— The dog kennel
of J. E. Lucas, near Reeds station, was
destroyed by fire last evening and eleven
valuable dogs perished in the flames.
The dogs were collectively valued at
over one thousand dollars, and in
cluded some of the finest canine speci
mens in the State. Several took prizes at
the field and bench show at Baker.sii.-i,,.
The kennel took fire from sparks in a
panful of ashes carelessly burned near the
kennel by a servant.
Fatal Shooting Accident.
OREGON CITY, Or., Oct. 2.— Herman
Folett, aged 16, was accidentally shot and
killed with a rifle this evening near the
Clackamas hatchery. He was standing
on a log and set the gun on the ground
butt downward, when some twigs caught
the hammer, discharging the gun. Its
contents entered his abdomen and ranged
j upward.
Befrigerator Trust Organizing.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich., Oct. 2.-The
organization of the Refrigerator Manufac
turing Trust is said to be under way. It
is to have $6,000,000 capital and to include
all of the thirty-two big concerns in the
country. The plan is said to be to buy
these concerns outright and bunch the
management.
Wife Murder and Suicide.
INDIANAPOLIS. Oct. 2.— This evening
Robert Lash, a desperate character, went
to 324 Court street, where his wife was
Mopping, and calling her Into the hall
v. ay shot her dead. Lash then killed him
self 'with the same weapon. The tragedy
was the culmination of many quarrels.
oo a ui*.ir Park as a Military Camp.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 2.— Congressmen
Bromwell and Shattuck to-day acompa
nied a committee of the Cincinnati Cham
ber of Commerce to Washington to pre
sent to the War Department a nroposit on
to make a military camp out of Oakley
Park suitable for 5000 or 6000 troops.
Woolen Factory Fails.
MANCHESTER, N. H.. Oct. 2.-A spe
cial to the Union from Dover says: Is. A.
and J. Sawyer, woolen manufacturers,
assigned on Saturday afternoon Liabil-
I itles. $1 000,000. Ex-Governor Charles H.
1 Sawyer is president of the corporation.
Czaf Starts for Copenhagen.
ST. PETERSBURG, Oct. 2.— The Czar
has left by the Crimean route for Copen
hagen to attend the funeral of the Queen
of Denmark; ________
Efforts are being made to establish
a new final honor school in natural
science at Oxford. Mr. Herbert Sut
ton of Reading has promised to indem
nify the university from any pecuniary
loss that may arise from its founda
tion.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1898.
WOULD RETURN
TO CALIFORNIA
Shafter in Love With
the State.
AWAITS MERRITTS COMING
WILL THEN RESUME HIS OLD
COMMAND.
General Says He Would Testify Will
ingly Before the Investigating
Board if Called Upon
to Do So.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 2.— General
Shafter arrived in this city to-day
from Montauk Point. He will go to
Governors Island to-morrow to take
command of the Department of the
East, to which he is assigned. When
asked if he expected to remain long in
command of the Department of the
East, General Shafter said:
"I expect to remain in command of
the Department of the East until Gen
eral Merritt arrives from Manila. On
his arrival. I expect, he will take com
mand and I will return and reassume
charge of the Department of the Pa
cific. I like California and I want to
make it my permanent home. During
my command there I made many
friends and 1 like the climate and asso
ciations there."
When General Shafter was asked if
he had been summoned to testify be
fore the commission appointed to in
vestigate army matters, he said:
"I have not yet been notified to ap
pear before the commission. I do not
know what I could say of importance,
but if I am wanted I shall certainly
respond to my notification."
General Shafter was a^sked if he
thought the present army was held in
readiness, without mustering out any
more soldiers, for the purpose of await
ing the decision of the Paris Council.
He said:
"There are not enough soldiers now to
garrison all the posts. There is need of
100,000 soldiers for that purpose. I do
not know what the intention of the War
Department is. It may be that the sol
diers are being held in the event of
trouble occurring in the Philippines,
Cuba or Porto Rico. Everything is in
abeyance now. I have no different
knowledge of what the War Depart
ment intends, but it is certainly safe
to hold a large number of soldiers in
readiness."
Concerning the controversy between
General Miles and the War Department
he said:
"I have no statement whatever to
make. I have nothing whatever to com
plain about. I did my duty as I
thought best, and tried to do it faith
fully for the best interests of all. It
will be time enough to make statements
when my superiors complain and call
me to account. There is no use stirring
up matters/"
REDS TAKE TWO GAMES
FROM THE AMATEURS
"W ti Pet I ' ''. • W. 1». ci
Boston 954 5 .67!> jPhllndlphla 69 67 .507
Baltimore 91 47 -W if'ittsbunt .--68 72 .488
cfncrTnati :.« H n,, r.-u.sville ...64 75 .4*o
'AevrinnA 77 fit .558 I Brooklyn . ..03»53 .390
-hlrnr" '.'.78 M .MH; Washington 48 » -J4O
Mew York:.'.' ."7B 67 .52ltst. 1x>u1»....M 110 .247
CINCINNATI, Oct. 2.— Breltensteln and Hill
both pitched great ball to-day, allowing the
Browns but six hits in two games. Attend
ance 2700. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati • o X S ?
c f Lou Is ..»..•••».••••••••■•■"•••"•••• * ** " ■*■
Batteries— Breitensteln and Wood; Hughey
and Sucden.
Score, second game: r H. E.
Cincinnati..... •* § ?
St BatteHes^Hin"and"peVtz;"Carsey and Clem-
Batteries— Hill and Pelta; Carter and Clem
ents. Umpires— McDonald and Emslle. -
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— Two thousand people
paw the Brooklyns win a splendid game from
the Washlngtons to-day at Wwhawken. N. 3.
The Senators gained a lead of three runs by
ecod hitting in the first four innings and then
stopped, Dunn pitching great ball after that.
Daly's single and La Chance's drive over the
fence In the lifth put Brooklyn in the game,
and they tied the score in the seventh on
Daly's triple and a double. Daly brought in
the winning run with a force, a steal and Far
rell's wild throw. Score: ■■
R. 11. iii-
Washington 3 9 3
Brooklyn -4 8 2
Batteries— and Farrell; Dunn and
Smith. Umpires— Brown and Hunt.
CHICAGO, Oct. 2.— Chlcago-Loulsvllle game
postponed on account of rain.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 2.— The Indianapolis
Western League team defeated the Cleveland
Club to-day by 5 to 4 in an exhibition game.
FULLER ESTABLISHES
THREE WORLD'S RECORDS
SAN JOSE, Oct. 2.— George Fuller of the
Olympic Club Wheelmen of San Francisco
established new one-third, one-half and
two-thirds mile records at the Garden
City Wheelmen's track to-day. He start
ed for the quarter mile and five mile rec
ords, but failed. Fuller was paced by
tandem teams from the Bay City Wheel
men, the Reliance Club of Oakland and
the Garden City Wheelmen. Each record
was a distinct trial, with flying start.
The one-third mile was made in :35 4-5,
beating the record formerly held by Stan
ley Hewitt of :Sl 2-5. He made me half
mile in :53 4-5, lowering F. G. Peck's rec
ord of :57. A record of 1:12 1-5 was es
tablished for the two-thirds mile. Fuller
rode the quarter mile in :25 1-5 and tne
five miles in 10:33 4-5.
The Garden City Wheelmen intended to
hold a race matinee this morning, but
rain and threatening 1 weather kept the
crowd away and the races were aban
doned. A one mile handicap was run,
"which resulted as follows: E. McNlss
first Ivan Treadwell second, I. Letcher
third. Time, 2:15 2-5.
Pass a Quiet Sabbata in Paris.
PARIS, Oct. — The members of the
United States Peace Commission passed a
quiet first Sunday In Paris to-day, some
or them attending church.
SITUATION IN
CHINA GROWING
MORE SERIOUS
Feeling of Anxiety
Exists.
DOUBT AS TO THE EMPEROR
BELIEF AT WASHINGTON THAT
HE IS DEAD.
Instructions Sent to Secretary Long
to Dispatch the Cruiser
Baltimore to
Tientsin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2.— A brief dis
patch was received to-day at the State
Department from Minister Conger at
Peking concerning the situation there.
He says nothing concerning the re
ported death of the Emperor, but states
that a feeling of anxiety exists, add
ing that de does not consider the situa
tion especially critical at present. The
State Department officials do not dis
credit the report of the Emperor's
death, and some do not hesitate to ex
press their acceptaice of the report of
his assassination. The Chinese Min
ister, however, discredits the entire re
port of a tragedy.
"I do not believe that the Emperor
has been assassinate^ " he said to an
Associated Press reporter to-night. "I
have no confirmation of the report."
"Do you believe the Emperor to be
dead?" he was asked.
"I hope he is not," was the reply.
"Yet Ido not know. Sick men some
times die and the Emperor may be
dead. Men die natural deaths in China
as elsewhere."
He then repeated the assurance that
he had received no information what
ever and said he would hope for re
assuring news until he was personally
advised of the condition of affairs."
BALTIMORE ORDERED
TO A CHINESE PORT
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Instruc
tions have been sent bjr Secretary Long
to Rear Admiral Dewey directing him
to send the protected cruiser Baltimore
at once to Tientsin, China.
This action shows conclusively the
concern felt by the administration at
the existing conditions of affairs in the
Celestial empire. It would seem to in
dicate that more sensational informa
tion had been received from Minister
Conger than the authorities made pub
lic.
It was assured, however, that advices
from the Minister at Peking simply show
the turbulent condition of affairs exist
ing throughout the empire. In the dis
patch made public by the State Depart
ment yesterday the Minister announced
that riots had occurred at paints not
then known. In view of the prospect
of trouble in Peking in consequence of
the probable death of the Emperor and
the efforts which will probably be made
by his adherents to seek revenge or at
least assured safety for themselves the
authorities deemed it wise to place a
ship as near the capital as possible,
where members of the American Lega
tions and Consulates near the capital
may find refuge in case of need.
After a consultation with the Presi
dent Secretary Long directed Captain
A. S. Crowninshield. Chief of the Bu
reau of Navigation, to prepare instruc
tions to the rear admiral to send the
Baltimore to Tientsin without delay.
These orders were signed and sent yes
terday afternoon and it is believed that
the ship is now on her way to her des
tination.
It is also evident from the instruc
tions directing the Baltimore to proceed
to Tientsin that the administration is
either more relieved concerning the in
ternational situation In the Philippines
or that the danger to Americans and
American Interests in China is greater
than in the islands held by Rear Admi
ral Dewey 's force. So far as Germany
is concerned, the authorities are satis
fied that her attitude is now as correct
as they can desire. The Baltimore can,
therefore, be spared from Manila, espe
cially as the need for the presence of
an American ship at Tientsin is
greater.
DENBY BELIEVES THE
EMPEROR IS ALIVE
NEW YORK, Oct. 2.— A "Washington
special to the Herald says: Charles
Denby, former Minister to China, is op
timistic in his views on the Celestial
empire. He does not fear a revolution
there; he does not believe the Emperor
is dead and he is confident there will be
no partition of the empire.
"The instant the Emperor Is dead,"
said Mr. Denby, "the fact will be cabled
to the State Department, which has not
yet been so advised. I remember the
Emperor was more than friendly. He
was devoted to the Empress Dowager
and he gave her recently the credit of
new officers created and announced."
If there were in other respects differ
ent shades of policy represented by the
Empress Dowager and Emperor, Mr.
Denby said, both represented the idea
of material progress.
"There are now," said Mr. Denby,
"eight hundred miles of railway build
ing out of Peking, and the building of
other lines will rapidly follow all Amer
ican enterprises. But this does not
mean the foreshadowing of a partition
ing of the Empire. As I have stated
before, there will be no partition of
China There will be privileges and
ports acquired by nations and strips of
territory here and there, but nothing
more. Our commercial exchanges with
China have doubled within a short time
and will continue to increase."
YOUNG LI'S CHIEF
ADVISOR HONORED
LONDON, Oct. 2.— According to a dis
patch to the Times from Shanghai,
Chuahi-Ta-Pou has been appointed
President of the Court of Censors and a
member of the Grand Council. He is
Young Li's chief supporter and was re
cently dismissed from office by the Em
peror. The projected Imperial review
of the forces at Tien Tsin has been
abandoned.
ENGLAND COUNTS ON
AMERICAN SUPPORT
LONDON, Oct. 3.— The Standard says
editorially this morning It is convinced
that England could confidently reckon
on the support of. the United States and
Japan in the execution of necessary
measures in China.
DAUDET AT HOME.
Everybody has heard or read of the
famous nos^ltabla house and big garden
of Champrosay, almost a park, on the
edge of the forest of Senart, within
view of the long, white road of Corbell.
No one but is familiar now with the little
study, and the cane-bottomed chair before
the small writing table, with the piano,
Mme. Daudet's work table, with all the
details of a laborious and agreeable soli
tude-a-deux. Happy artist! His bright,
expansive nature bade him shun the em
bittering and morose single solitude. He
lived, talked, gesticulated, In flying
phrase his works, with even his faithful
audience, his counsel, chorus and critic in
one beloved being. Here he worked as
siduously, when he was not running riot
among the forest aisles or wandering
along the Seine before rheumatism held
him captive; and when the light went,
there were the tranquil evenings with his
wife in cheerful lamplight, while she
darned little Leon's socks, and he invent
ed talks for the child upon his knees. And
their baby abed, the needle, like the pen,
was forsaken, and the two charmed them
selves with duets on the piano till mla
night. But for pain there would have
been no cloud upon his life, as far as Its
private setting and accomplishment went.
For, like Stevenson, he was ever surpris
ingly susceptible to every form of en
chantment. ■
He drank avidly at every source of joy.
Wagner "hypnotizes" him; the violin sur
prises him into delirium. He can forget
himself for a whole day talking of Mozart
or paddling along a silent stream; an un
expected luncheon in a village inn. where
I he finds a wheezy old spinet, sends him
into an afternoon paradise. He seems
never to have sulked, except perhaps,
against the institute. Then, unfortunate
ly instead of laughing, as he has laughed
at Provence, Instead of giving us another
irresistible galejado, he took what he
called "ces chinoiseries" too seriously and
too ill-humoredly, and produced one of
his weakest books. "L'lmmortel. It is
I a book he ought never to have written,
for it touches his own reputation far
more heavily than the institute. It is
singular that a writer with such an ex
quisite sense of the ludicrous as Daunet
failed to see the absurdity of his attack
upon a composite body lUe that of the
live academies, which he apostrophizes as
a single criminal.— Fortnightly Review.
DAYLIGHT SWIM.
A young woman wearing a mask and
attired in a bathing suit caused a sensa
tion in the Lake Shore drive yesterday
alt. rnuon by plunging into the lake at the
foot of Bellevue place.
A breeze blow from the lake, ana the
water was comfortably warm. About 4
o'clock, when a hundred urchins were
paddling along the beach and taKing a
dip at the south end of the Lincoin Park
seawall, a closed private carriage stopped
at Bellevue place. A footman in livery
jumped to the door and opened it.
A young woman in a blue bathing suit
stepped out and ran gracefully across the
grass plat. As she went she adjusted a
mask to a handsome, smiling face with
her sunbrowned arms. At the end of the
seawall the unknown bather stepped nim
bly in the water. In a moment she was
well out in the lake swimming with a
strong, steady stroke toward the crib off
Walton place.
The seawell was edged with a crowd oi
curious spectators. When 200 yards from
shore she turned and swam on her back.
Her eyes wore toward the residences
along the drive. Suddenly, as though she
saw a looked-for face she raised her arm
and coquettishiy waved her hand.
No one on the seawall saw the carriage
slip away, but as the woman neared the
crib the amazed spectators saw the vehi
cle drive up ready to receive her at the
foot of Walton place. The crib toward
which the woman swam is a low one, ex
tending northward about E0 feet. It is
nearly a half mile from the south end of
the seawall to the crib, but when the fair
swimmer reached it she swung herself
on it with as much ease as an athlete.
On reaching the shore the young woman
was met by Policeman Charles Conlan,
beside* her servants. After a brief polite
parley with the officer she stepped into
her carriage and was soon out of sight
"You Bee, it was like this," said the
smiling policeman, "the girl's fellow lives
over here on the drive somewhere. She
takes hia rlnre on a wager of a diamond
ring to swim across to the crib in broad
daylight. She is all pluck and she does
it sticking him for a diamond ring. See?
T threatened to arrest nor. but when I
i learned about the joke I had to let a girl
with that kind of grit go."— Chicago Rec
ord.
CYCLISTS' PHRASES.
The practice of cycling is packing many
new pnrasea into this portmanteau lan
guage of ours. A man who boasts is now
paid to -ride with a very high gear.
One who is unduly haughty has sand In
his bearings." But the newest is the de
scription of a slow and dull person as a
"regulator"— after an imaginary class of
cycle so called as being so slow that all
other machines "go by it." And it is
not polite for one cyclis*. to call another
a liar If h»> calls him a cyclometer the
same end is more elegantly achieved.—
London Globe.
POCAHONTAS OLD GLORY SOCIAL.
Focahontas Council of the Degree or
Pocahontas. I. O. R. M.. will give an Old
Glory social in the social hall of the
Shiela building next Thursday night. The
national colors will be in evidence. The
oommittee having charge of the matter
Is composed of Mesdames L. At wood. J.
Weisel and S. Hagan, and Messrs. Roche,
Henry and Andsen.
FAREWELL RECEPTION.
Next Thursday night the members of
Lincoln Relief Corps will tender a fare
well reception to Mrs. Ella Bailey, the
treasurer, who, on the sth of October,
will, with her family, remove to Hono
lulu' to permanently reside there.
Charles Warren Stoddard says that,
when he and other white men went to
the Hawaiian Islands thirty years ago,
the native girls ran and climbed trees,
looking down upon them in amusement
and amazement because they thought
the white men had been peeled.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6, 000,000 Boxes
FOR BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness, Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge thorn to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECIIAM'B PIIXS, taken as direct-
ed will Quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
' ■ And have the :
LARGEST SALE
Of any Patent Medicine in the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
I If ,_ iW I I bYr ilVTiia 118391Q| I MX I
llf w \ ii H R JTJHfH Jt M iRI JiiMfi*^'** I
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. ; ■ Cans*
perfect digestion, complete absorption , and
healthful regularity. , _-- . ,■_. ■ ;^.
For the cure o? all disorders of the Stomach,
Liver. Bowels,* Kidneys. Bladder, , Female Ir-
regularities, Sick : Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation, ■■ Piles and all derangements J of th«
Internal Viscera. 25 cts. a box. At Druggists.
or by mall. HADWAY& CO.. New York.
:.': .■.-■' <■- ■;:■.■: -." -':'-:,?■ •-■: - .-,• •
ADVERTISEMENTS^ _____^.^~
I HOW TO BE WELL IN A DAY OR TWO ' |
I DRESSED. WE ARE GOING TO |
I REfID WHfIT WE INTEREST YOU |
I HfIVETOSfIY. WITH & TALK ON I
I OVERCOATS.
Start the week right |
1 m ) h baying right !
a Says I w & *>^ *^ <s>
I \J and feeling right J
I/. ever afterward, J
I \. Buy either of these two suits, §
I . ©^N, with the result that you will I
I m \ find yourself dressed in the f
I |L ) very perfection of style in |
t l\ / garments worth a whole lot I
I Yy/ more than you pay for them, 1
I ( d^|^ LF "EN'S HANDSOME I
! V tpIZtUD DRESS SUITS. I
I iß^^s. Here IS a line of suits the like of which %
* ,Jc^ \ have never been offered for anywhere near
| Jm®r \ suc^ a moderate sum as $12.65. |
1 IHU 1 Made of the purest woolens, with |;
$ 'iBp I special attention to fit and workmanship, %
I yk J and in the latest patterns, including solid %
I A y colors and light fancy checks and plaids, t
•I These suits are among the decidedly hand- |
| y^ some fall novelties we have lately received. ?
% / They will withstand your most critical %
I / examination. In cassimeres, cheviots and %
I j worsteds. ±
IV d^Q QC SUITS — TBE MOST pop " I
i \^^ tPOeOe) ITLAR1 T LAR OF CHEAP SPITS. f
1 \ or ano^ ner wee^ we reroind you of
I^tfc \ the bargain of the year in men's you of t
Jll v the bargain of the year in men's fine low |
I J pricesuits. Checks, plaids and plain worsteds %
I . w" . / • in every popular shade — single and double %
t % J breasted. Suits as good as these at any I
I . J V^/ other place will cost you $15.00, and be i
| ** i oo^ worth every cent of that sum. I
ISN.WOOD&CO.i
| 718 Market Street, S. F. |
Use and I Dr.PIERCES
Facial Soap 5£ 7 facial Cream. GO LUEN
MEDICAL
Acne. Pimrle*. Comedones or Flesh Worms i^|QC[ClWEi¥w
permanently cured by JOHN H. WOODBURT. LP | 9 VH- Ft ■
127 W 42(1 St.. New York. 163 State St.. Chicago. FOR THE . _,_*»
Inventor of Woodbury's Facial Soap and Facial BLOOD. VER. LUNGS.'
Cream. __ZZHIZIIIIII — •
w/ ' T- HESS,
f^J^^i^i^^mimatEEM^ E 'V\ NOTART PUBLIC AND ATTORHST-AT LAW,
*% ODATFMTS »I Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus S' ckels.Bldg.
I". , rM» Hi I «J^_ f>B Telephone Brown 931.
' nnuc -r c-r C -S£^^ Residence. S2l California St.. below Pow*!,
MARKET ST. S.F.^*^ ' San Francisco.
f l ~
ff ' W. mA
•
The boss of the repair department in a -Massachusetts .
Vatch factory says : "I used to be a good deal of >an ath-
lete and was in the habit of taking lots cf out of door
exercise, but since I've been shut up in this shop I began
to have terrible bilious headaches. I still did enjoy an
occasional bout at boxing, but after a few lively rounds a
tendency to get as sick as can be seemed to take posses-
sion of me. The exercise appeared to stir up the bile and
the next day I would have a cracking good headache, My
druggist recommended me to try Ripans Tabules as a
• possible cure. He said they seemed to be the latest cure-
all for stomach troubles. Well, he just hit it. I have not
used more than 25 cents' worth, but I exercise now as*
much as I please and don't know what a bilious headache
means any more."
i»flStifl»^Tii>»it cMirtimil (Vt ttf— ' I—K-~"1 — K-~" o* bait by mail by »emi&c forfy-etent cents to tho I>iitoaKaß&ac»* ,
S^SaTwAyiw»OlMZiSSr'iwg mm rinrfe carton wmu* wffi *>«**« ArfiJtm-
34
MONDAY OCTOBER 3, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. :.'____'
Addresa _A. _Communloationa_ to _W, , S. '\-EAKE,M*n&gor.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week* By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.00
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Adrertlslnjfc Representative*
WASHINGTON CD. C.) OFFICE Bf£g« Bourn*
C. C CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqaette RnDdlna
C GEORGE KROGNE6B, Adrertislnft Represontattvo.
PRANCE OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock 287 hjayes street open until
9-20 o'clock 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229! Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2523
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. IOC Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1605 Polk street, open
until 9-30 o'clock- HW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
Ealdwln— "The Last WorU."
Columbia— -True to Life."
Alcazar— "ln Mlzzoura "
Morocco "The Runaway Wife' ' .'
Tlvoll—" The Bohemian GJrl."
Vaudeville
Kew Comedy Theater—" The Slg-naJ of Liberty."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
Mho Chutes— Pletro Marino, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Uympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Hother Wlsmer, Violinist, Thursday
October tJ.
Central Park— Circus. Saturday, October li.
Rosenthal— Coming In February.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton, Eldridgre & Co- —Wednesday. October 6, Work* of
Art, at Maple Room, Palace Hotel, at 2.aud 7:80p.-m.
THE BUSINESS OUTLOOK-
WHILE the volume of trade in San Francisco
thus far this year, as represented by the local
bank clearings, is some $60,000,000 greater
than during the corresponding period in 1597, there
.was a falling off in September of a little over $5,000,
000. The clearings for September were $69,872,835,
against $74,980,180 in September, 1897, while for the
first nine months of the year they were $591,240,413,
against $530,052,414 during the corresponding period
last year. These bank clearings are accepted as the
most reliable indication of the state of business,
hence we must regard 1898 as being much better
from a commercial point of view than 1897. Of
course, there has been a lull of late, owing to the
diminished farm production consequent upon the dry
season, but there are now indications that this same
dry season was a real blessing in disguise, and that
it will result in even greater prosperity in 1899 than
we have enjoyed in 1898.
In the first place, it is a well-known agricultural
fact that dry years are great fertilizers of the soil.
Aside from the much-needed rest given to the soil,
droughts always bring to the surface fertilizing ele
ments which reinvigorate the earth. These are the
two reasons why dry seasons are usually followed
by bountiful harvests. A third benefit, and one of
great importance, is that dry seasons result in the
exhaustion of supplies, and thereby clean up the dif
ferent markets of accumulated stocks, and leave
them bare for the next harvest. This is now clearly
shown in the case of hay, grain, wine and fruit.
While hay will probably not bring as high prices next
year as it has done this, still supplies will be so short
next summer that the fanners will almost without
doubt receive profitable returns for the crop of 1899.
The same result will also doubtless be seen in the
minor cereals. Wheat, being a universal product,
will not be as much affected as the more local cereals.
As for fruits, unless all present signs fail, there will
be no dried nor canned fruit left in the California
market by the time the next crop comes in, and
when there is no carry-over stock for the harvest
to contend with high prices are quite apt to rule.
This condition is already manifesting itself in the
wine trade, as it will with the other products later
on. The crop of grapes is short all over the State,
and the vintage will be correspondingly diminished,
while the wine trade is gratified by a marked in
crease in consumption which has already caused an
advance of 5 cents per gallon in the price of wine,
and which promises to clean up the present stock
of wine before another large crop can be placed upon
the market. From this the winemakers infer that
prices will go still higher. Certainly, a good and
growing demand for grapes is observable all over
the State, and prices are very firm and somewhat
better than they were expected to be a month ago.
Raisins are to be included in this gratifying exhibit,
for they have been very active at good prices thus
far this season, and there are no present indications
of any setback in either the demand or the prices.
Short hop crops in different parts of the world have
given this product more tone, and quotations have
recently advanced and are firm at the improvement
In short, with the exception of wool, which is ex
cessively dull, no matter where we look we find
the prospects for California products exceptionally
bright. If they are realized business ought to be
excellent next yeai. This is generally understood in
trade and financial circles, and a feeling of confidence
is observable in consequence. It would not be at
all turprising if we found ourselves rejoicing, in 1899,
that the dry season of 1898 had given us such lively
and profitable markets.
The situation in the East shows no marked change.
The bank clearings of the country made a slight gain
last week, and the failures for the week were 195
against 194 for the same week last year. The month
of September averaged up very well, with a record
of the smallest number of failures for any month
since 1802, except August of this year. The changes
in prices are all for the better, except in cotton, which
fell to the lowest point since 1848, a period of fifty
years. This 9taple has been dropping for some little
time. The recent reduction in woolen goods has
caused an increased demand in this line. Iron and
«Uad continue as active as ever, and business in
boots and shoes is reported better. Money contin
ues to ease off and there are no longer any fears of
stringency. While the European markets have shown
considerable alarm over the political situation in
France, China and Egypt, English investors have
teen looking after our securities, and London bought
freely of our railroad shares last week. Th« influx
of gold into this country continues, both from Eu
rope and Australia, and additional imports of gold
coin from the latter country are reported. Alto
gether the commercial and financial situation of the
country i 9 excellent. -
This campaign will definitely settle the fact that
"hefting" sacks ia a poor way. to count th« contents.
GfIGE IN SflN FRANCISCO.
rROM the degree of earnestness displayed by
the vast audience which assembled at the Pa
vilion on Saturday evening to welcome the
Republican candidates ior Governor and Lieutenant
Governor the brightest auguries may be drawn of
the outlook for the party of sound money, prosperity
and conservative government.
It was made apparent by a thousand evidences
that the intelligence of the city has been awakened
to a realization of the menace which Maguire's can
didacy carries against property, industry and thrift,
and that the people recognize in Mr. Gage the cham
pion not only of Republicanism but of Americanism
in its fullest sense.
It 19 now clear that in nominating Maguire Democ
racy committed its usual blunder. Since his record
of vagaries and follies has been exposed, and his
scheme of taxation that would rob the farmer of
his fields and the miner of his claim has been made
known, the sense of justice and the intelligence of
the people have revolted against him.
The expectations of his friends that he would carry
San Francisco by an overwhelming majority are
rapidly fading. Indeed from the impression made
upon our citizens by Mr. Gage and from the warmth
of the cheers that accompanied his speech and ap
proved his words at the close, it appears he is as
popular here as at his home in Los Angeles; and
that the single-taxer will not carry out of this city
on election day any majority to offset the vote of the
interior counties.
A notable feature of Mr. Gage's speech was the
tone of courtesy that pervaded every portion of it.
His defense of the Republican convention from the
slanders of the fusionists was manly, and his refer
ences to old line Democrats, the stalwart Populists
and the Silver-Republicans were of a nature that
proved a true liberality toward those who differ from
him in politics. The same fine trait was revealed in
the kindly manner with which he received an in
terruption from a Maguireite in the audience, while
his ready wit enabled him to turn the interruption to
his own advantage.
The speeches of every speaker of the evening, from
the short and spirited addresses of Jacob Neff and Ir
ving M. Scott to the elaborate arguments of Mr.
Gage and Senator Perkins, were fair in terms and
forcible in meaning. They set forth the high im
portance of the issues, both State and national, which
are at stake in the canvass, and revealed plainly the
nature of the contest that has been forced upon the
business interests of the people by Maguireism and
Bryanism.
These issues are not to be mistaken, nor can the
fact be ignored that their nature is such that they
concern the welfare of individuals as well as of the
community as a whole. This being so, Senator Per
kins was fully justified in saying:
"There never was a better time for straying Re
publicans to come back into the familiar fold; there
never was a better time for Populists to concede that
the great principles of Republicanism are framed for
the nation's best interests; and there never was a
better time for Democrats to purify their own party
by abandoning it until it has settled back to some
honest principles that do not threaten the integrity
and very existence of our nation."
INSANITY'S RIGHT TO SLAY.
THE plea of insanity has been worked until such
merit as it may have possessed has gone from
it. Now it is used not to shield the lunatic,
but to give the evil-minded and the pervert a right
to kill. A man may plan a murder never so cun
ningly, carry out every detail, and intelligently en
deavor to escape, and all he has to do if caught is
to demonstrate that at some time either himself or
a great uncle or the second cousin of his grandmother
had been known as eccentric. This washes him of
all blood-guiltiness, makes a mock of justice and
places a premium on assassination. It is foolish and
wrong.
Humanity revolts against the thought of putting
a crazy man out of the way by the methods applic
able to the sane. There is no real difficulty in dis
tinguishing between the mentally sound and morally
responsible, and the maniac who is not conscious of
the mischief his unchecked passion may work. The
difficulties are artificial, erected by experts, the effect
of them to defeat the purpose of the law. When
a man has sense enough to think out a murder
he should be held accountable for his deed no mat
ter whether or not there was proof that at times he
had been addicted to oddities. Probably in ninety
nine cases out of a hundred the plea of insanity is a
palpable and shameless fraud, worse because at the
same time it is a plea of guilty and a defiance to
society to do anything about it.
The instance afforded by Cheeseman over in Oak
land is a sample. He committed one unprovoked
murder and attempted to commit two. That he de
serves hanging there can be no question. Yet he
gets sent to an asylum there to stay until pronounced
cured, then to be tried. All of which means simply
that Cheeseman is to escape the penalty for his deed,
By the time he shall be "cured" the witnesses will
be scattered, interest in the matter dead, and Cheese
man will go free to kill whoever else may annoy him.
With the valuable precedent of having been in an
asylum he will be able to walk up and down the
earth seeking whom he may devour.
MORE LESSONS IN FORESTRY.
THE forest fires that are now sweeping over wide
areas of Colorado and Wisconsin are furnish
ing the American people with additional dread
object lessons on the subject of forest preservation.
From instruction on this matter it seems there is to
be no escape. If we do not learn and profit by what
is taught by science and the experience of Europe,
then we must learn from fire and our own calamities.
The annual losses to the United States by fires in
forest lands amount in the aggregate to many mil
lions. We could afford to expend vast sums for
policing and preservation of our woodlands and still
derive large profits from what such guardianship
would save to us. That truth is impressed upon the
public mind year after year with each returning sum
mer, and yet as soon as winter comes and the Legis
latures meet, the lessons are forgotten, and the legis
lation necessary to prevent similar disasters in the
coming year are left unenacted.
California has fortunately been spared this year
such destructive fires as those which are now raging
in our sister States, and yet our own have been so
widely disastrous that the total loss is almost incalcul
able. Surely an intelligent people having a keen ap
preciation of the comparative values of the natural
resources of their country will not sit idly by and
permit the richest of them to be wasted and destroyed
by fires without making some effort to save it. Yet
if any effort at forest preservation is to be made, the
time has come for making it. The people should
see to it that legislators to be elected this fall shall
provide some form of protection for our woods at
their coming session.
• Mr. Phelan has acquired in politics the proud dis
tinction of being; known as a -boss.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1898.
JUDGE MAGUIRE continues the repetition of
his speech in which he arrays the masses
against the classes. He does not specify the
classes further than that they are the owners of
property, while the masses want to be, and he pro
poses to meet that want by taking from those who
have and dividing with those who have not. It is the
old cry of the French communist, "Property is rob
bery."
The Judge complains that people accumulate prop
erty in this country; but such accumulation was the
purpose for which the republic was founded. Popu
lation flows to the country where the laws give the
best and most equal protection to the rights of person
and property.
An analysis of the population of California \*£
show a greater percentage of men who own property
now, but had none when they began life here, than
in any other Western State. Our immigrant popu
lation has fared better and gained property faster
than almost anywhere else in the Union. German,
Irish, Scotch, English, Portuguese and Italian im
migrants in California have in the last thirty years
become property-holders, and are here probably the
most comfortably placed members of their respective
races. The American-born who have come to us
from the Eastern and older States have, as a rule,
prospered and gained property. If this be an evil,
Maguire's policy will correct it If it be wrong for
men to work and save and own their homes, and get
on in the world, and have something to leave to their
families, it can be stopped by removing legal protec
tion to the rights of property.
Judge Maguire regards the ownership of land as an
outrage upon society, a special privilege that must
be abolished. The land-owners are one of the
"classes" against which he has been infuriating
the "masses" for many years. In his speech in favor
of confiscating land to the Delaware Legislature,
made in March, 1897, he said: "It may be said that
the present owners purchased their lands upon the
faith of existing laws maintained by the people, and
that they were even encouraged to invest in lands by
the manifest policy of the laws thus made and main
tained by the people." Here is his own admission that
the laws which protect the right of property in land
have led to the ownership of such property. Men
have toiled and earned and invested their earnings in
land as one of the forms of property that is sanc
tioned by law. Proceeding in the same speech, Ma
guire said that land-owners claim that "having thus
purchased under sanction of the public law, it would
be a hardship to them and a wrong to them to change
the law so as to destroy their investments." But he
declared that while it will be "a hardship, it will not
be unjust to any."
That is the view taken of punishment of a man for
crime. It is a hardship to hang a man, but it is not
unjust, since he deserved hanging. The land-owner,
in Maguire's view, is a guilty man, whose punishment
by taking away his land is a hardship to him, but is
not unjust
But if it be wrong to own one kind of property,
and Maguire's election lead to its destruction and the
spoliation of its owners, in spite of the hardship to
them, how long will it be before another Maguire
arises who will say that ownership of personal prop
erty is also an outrage upon society? The argument
against personal property is just as good as against
real property.
The French communist was at least logical when
he declared that "all property is robbery," and Ma
guire is not logical when he declares that only landed
property is robbery.
The issue is before the people of California. If
they feel that the interests of the State can stand the
confiscation of land, the total destruction of land
ownership, and the hardship which Maguire admits
will follow to the present owners, they can forward
this policy by electing him Governor. But if they do
this they must prepare to welcome the successor, who
will surely follow him, seeking office by teaching that
personal property is robbery of the people, and must
therefore be justly taken from those who own it, not
withstanding it may be a hardship to them.
ZOLfl IN A BOD WAY.
' ZZJ XPERTS having pronounced Zola a degener
ate, other experts were kind enough to investi-
* — * gate, and pronounce the other set mistaken.
Nevertheless Zola has no particular reason for grati
tude to them. Magnan says of him:
"It i 9 true that Zola has orbicular contraction, car
diac spasms, thoracic cramps, false angina pectoris,
sensory hyperaesthesia, obsessions and impulsive
ideas; his emotivity is defective, and certain of his
ideas are morbid; but all this is not sufficient to affect
in any appreciable manner his intellectual processes.
His strong and harmonious constitution gives him
immunity; his intellect is not contaminated."
This, of coarse, is comforting to Zola and his
friends. Upon reading the symptoms an impulsive
observer might have been led to conclude some
thing serious the matter. The real truth seems to
be that an expert in any line likes to air his views,
and will do so regardless that to common sense the
views are generally ridiculous.
Zola has doubtless made mistakes, but if he is in a
state of degeneracy or near it, the other citizens of
France would do well to study his constitutional
defects and copy them. If France had more citizens
such as Zola she would not now present the pitiful
spectacle of a mock republic in which official con
science is dead, justice stifled by crime and the peo
ple trembling at the approach of a crisis which Js
to determine whether they are greater than the mili
tary despotism which is the backbone of a Govern
ment supposed to be not an oligarchy nor a king
dom, but the abode of free men.
(I TRAINED MONKEY IN DIPLOMACY.
T~\ GUINALDO, so far as known, is a unique
j\ character. In the wilds of Timbuctoo there
* * may be chiefs of about his intellectual caliber,
or the Simian chattering in the umbrageous depths
of the jungle may think in the same terms as Aguin
aldo. Indeed, the chap suggests nothing else so
strongly as a monkey. It is easy to Imagine him
clad in a red suit passing a tin cup to the strains of
a perambulating organ.
Nobody at this stage of proceedings questions the
wisdom of the President of the United States. He
has proved himself a statesman. But for this fact
there would be wonder that he permits this freak
to remain a factor in the Philippine question. The
natural impulse would be to send out a corporal's
guard to catch him and tether him to a tent pole
where he could devote himself to the chase of the
elusive flea and the nibbling of cocoanuts.
The "Revolutionary President" is a nuisance and
an impertinence. He is no more fit to be at the
head of even a partly civilized people than a pig to
lead the gentian. Prancing about in a swallow-tail
coat, decorating himself with gauds bestowed by
himself in token o£ esteem, he would be a laughable
figure save that the future of the Philippines is a
problem, and that most every side of it presents a
serious aspect.
MASSES AND CLASSES.
HOW WE TOOK KHARTOUM.
We went swinging through the desert, marching straight to right a wrong,
For the British vengeance tarries, but the British arm Is long;
And the Soudanese beside us, with our darkies from the Nile,
Marched behind their British sergeants, grinning sidelong, gleesome smile;
For they knew we sought the Dervish and they heard the muttered doom
Of the Khalifa's black emblem, where It floated, o'er Khartoum.
Scottish pipe and English band,
Mule and camel pack,
Marching through a fiery land.
On the Moslem track;
Marching through the desert sand
With our Union Jack,
England's honor in each hand.
Soldiers white and black!
We went swinging through the desert, such a troop was never seen.
All avengers of the hero who drew tears from England's Queen,
Men of Warwickshire and Lincoln, with the Irish Fusileers,
And the Camerons' gay tartan flicking British Grenadiers;
Old Northumberland and Lancashire, a-swearing in their zeal.
Lancers gleaming on their chargers, with their thews of British steel.
Tramping through the burning haze
Far as eye could scan.
With our Maxims all ablaze,
Eager, to a man!
Holding, with a comrade's gaze,
Egypt and Soudan;
Thus we faced the Dervish way*
Down by Omdurman. I
God! But were they men or devils? Fiercer swordsmen never dre>»,
As they swooped, a white-robed legion, shouting Allah! where they flew;
Countless banners waved above them, shining brass and copper drum
Set the white man's heart a-beating with a new and savage thrum,
When those cursing, fiery demons met us in the serried shoek —
Met and fell, still shouting Allah! with black eyes that seemed to mock.
- Falling, with a murder thought.
In each cunning brain;
Shamming death, until we brought
Succor to their pain;
Then the dying arose and wrought
Devil's deeds again.
So! Our British vengeance Bought
Victims 'mid the slain.
Satan's hordes were loose upon us; but God's angels hovered round.
Faith and Love's white pinions quivered when our Lancers took the ground,
Charging through the Dervish squadrons, hurling death, one man to four!
Then, with thinner ranks, and serried, facing round to charge once more;
Gathering our fallen heroes, hewed and hacked, from out. the fray.
With God's glory on their foreheads— calm as on their drilling day.
Through our pulses pride and shamo
Coursed like wine of war;
Black and white lips spoke the name
Of our great Sirdar,
Swore the Moslem rage to fame,
Moslem force to bar —
Swore to quench the Crescent flame
In our Northern Star!
"With set teeth we fought and slaughtered. Dervishes like snowfiakes fell
While our black recruits— God bless them— rushed the foe with savage yell.
They were bent upon their vengeance — we were dreaming on our own
On the death for which no courage, no devotion could atone.
But we slew a dastard' Moslem for each hair of Gordon's head-
Slew a Moslem for each tear-drop by our sovereign lady shed!
Tramping, on the Moslem track,
To the Moslem doom.
Crashing, in our wild attack,
On to dark Khartoum.
Till we knelt, men white and black.
In the sunset gloom,
Where our lady's Union Jack
Waves o'er Gordon's tomb!
A. R. ROSE-SOLEY.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
C. E. Adams, a merchant of Boston, Is
at the Palace.
J. M. "Williams, a rancher of Newman,
is at the Lick.
T. "YV. Kirkpatrlck and wlf« of Dawson
are at the Palace.
Rev. Anthony Dashnevltch of Russia la
at the Occidental.
Charles Collins and R. L. Cato of Port
land are at the Grand.
J. C. Mefford, the hotel man, of Bakers
fleld, is registered at the Lick.
A. McGinnls, a politician of Los An
geles, is a guest at the Palace.
P. Draz, the New York agent of the
Pommeroy Sec, is at the Palace.
Colonel L. S. Babbitt, W. 8. Haley and
F. Porter, U. S. N., are at the Occidental.
John Gill has returned from Sacra
mento, where he has been on business for
the last few days.
Robert Downing; erstwhile tragedian,
now vaudeville artist, arrived yesterday
and is at the Baldwin.
Mr. and Mrs. G. J. Farnsworth, J. D.
Van Vlick, V. Crowley and R. A. Thlelen,
of Los Angeles, arrived yesterday and are
stopping at the Grand.
Dr. Adolph G. Rosenthal, son of Adolph
Rosenthal, the German Consul, haa re
turned from a two years' trip abroad
He spent most of his time studying in
London, Paris, Berlin and Vienna,
I. C. Steele, the capitalist, accompanied
by his son, I. C. Steele, Jr. and daughter.
Miss C. Steele, came up from Pasadena
yesterday and are regkstered at the Russ.
The steamer San Bias brought the fol
lowing guests to the Occidental: H. Buck
ingham, Pacific Mall agent at Acapulco;
Jose E. Ortega and Miss Ortega of Gua
temala; A. F. Willeard, auditor of the
Central Guatemalan Railroad; T. B. Mal
donado of Guatemala; Fred H. Grosser
of Boston; W. W. Richardson of Guate
mala; Herman A. Gudger of Panama, and
W. A. Allen,- the purser of the San Bias.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
There are five hundred clerks employed
under the accountant general of the Brit
ish navy.
Russia is building two docks at Llbau,
the new naval station on the Baltic, and
the reconstruction of the dock at Port
Arthur will also shortly be commenced.
Two mishaps took place on the British
cruiser Blake, attached to the channel
squadron. When leaving Milfordhaven
an auxiliary steam pipe bursted, delaying
the ship's depar.ure twenty-four hours.
During time evolutions she smashed her
stream anchor, weighing over five tons,
and which showed no weakness until it
gave way.
The two armored cruisers to be built
by contract at Barow-in-Furness and at
Glasgow will be 12,000 tons, 440 feet In
length, 68 feet beam, 26 feet 5 Inches mean
draught and to have a speed of 21 knots.
They have been named Euryalus and Ba
chante, the latest corvettes bearing these
names having been struck off the active
list.
A submarine boat, designed byM- Lau
beuf. Is being built at Cherbourg for the
French navy. She is cigar-shaped, about
100 feet long and 10 feet diameter, displac
ing 106 tons. 7Tie motive power Is partly
steam and electricity, the latter, of
course, being used when under water,
with which a speed of eight knots for
three hours Is anticipated, and five knots
for a longer period. The boat will be
sunk and raised by hydraulic power and
Its estimatel cost Is $159,900.
A good story Is told of lieutenant A. of
the British navy, which condensed from
the N. C. Daily News, runs as
follows: "Years ago when the said lieu
tenant was a middy his ship was sta
tioned at Vancouver, and A. being seized
with a sudden illness, was invalided just
before his ship sailed. The only other
officer left at the port was the chief car
penter, also invalided. The young middy
had studied the Queen's regulations and
the time for his examination having come
around, he applied to the senior officer—
the chief carpenter— to be examined for
lieutenant, and he was accommodated,
passing with flying colors. A. at once
became the senior officer and his first
act of authority was to order himself to
England with dispatches, an order which
he obeyed with all haste possible, appre
hending his ship might return at ony mo
ment. In due time he arrived at Ports
mouth and found he would have to wait
eight hours for a train to London, so he
again perused the regulations bearing on
his case and found that a bearer of dis
patches should take every available
means to expedite their arrival at head
quarters. He therefor* ordered a speclai
train to London and presented himself
before the First Lord. An explanation
was requested and frankly given and he
escaped without even a reprimand, as he
had complied to the letter with the
Queen's regulations. The most amusing
part of the Incident was that the dis
patches ho delivered contained nothing
but a narrative of his own illness and a
glowing account of the manner in which
he had passed his examination— the lat
ter account being written by himself."
It Is curious how naval experts differ.
In the United States a practice ship is
being built for the use of the Naval
Academy. This vessel is to be entirely
dependent upon sails for its locomotion
and the cadets will be thoroughly drilled
in making, reefing and furling sai.s aa
well as all other work belonging to the
passed age and usefulness of sailing
craft. The Aregntine Republic has Just
had an auxiliary steam training vessel
built in Scotland for the use of its cadets
and apprentices. In France the Minister
of Marine has come to the conclusion
that as sails are obsolete In modern war
ships it is a waste of time for cadets to
learn what is of no apparent usefulness
and it has been decided to send cadets on
board of the latest modern steamers to
familiarize themselves with the kind of
vessels in which future battles will be
fought. The French scheme of educa
tion has the advantage of bringing the
cadet at once In touch with officers and
crew and to learn all about the routine,
discipline and evolutions without the
waste of preliminaries, for much as it
grieves the old salts, sails are of the past
on ships of war, and seamanship as It
was taught in the old days is of little or
no use on a modern battleship with mili
tary masts only and with no canvas
whatever. Whatever sail practice is re
quired can be had In the boats with which
the ships are well supplied.
ANSWERS TO CORBESPONDENTS.
THE LITTLE MINISTER— X. Y. Z
Petaluma, Cal. "The Little Minister" has
never been produced in a theater In San
Francisco, but it is probable that it will
be produced in April next.
STENOGRAPHY - Constant Reader.
City. Stenography Is taught In the fol
lowing named evening schools of San
Francisco: Polytechnic School at Bush
SSB HumoofdrSl^ 6 Mann Sch ° 01
WHEAT PRODUCT OP IS97— J. F. S
Oakland, Cal. According to the reports of
the Agricultural Department the total
« ca 1 t oJ? roduct of the United States dur
ing 18S7 was 530,000.000 bushels; that of
France during the same period, 245.000.000.
? nd °£ l USsia - lncl «<JingT Poland. 232,000 000
to which must be added 30,000,000 from
v^cLUCUSUS.
THAT P^tp« SETTLEMENT-^. B.
\V.. Berkeley, Cal. The article In rela
tion to a Swiss settlement appeared in
The Call of January 6. 1897. The settle-
w n « 4 on the Oakland water front
but on 2000 acres of land on the San An
tonio tract, twenty-five miles from Liv-
SSE'Se P L C m a n y am e ed. reaChed by Vehlcle
FAIR, FAT AND FORTY— X. Y. Z
City. The expression, "fair, fat and
forty," is credited to Sir Walter Scott
(1771-1832) and is in "St. Ronan's Well "
Chapter VII. Dryden (1631-1701) in "The
Maiden Queen" has the following which
may have suggested the phrase to Scott
'I am resolved to grow fat and look
young till forty." "St. Ronan^s Weir
was written in 1823. Lady Wai ace Mar
gate in 1795 wrote a corned vent I tfed
"Whims." and in the second act scene
one. Fag says to Nell: "Why. faith Nell
skis* lisa, P ,s. „;£ rss
ever prefer the symmetry of Venus and
OB r^°°-J- * M-. Napa Soda Can
nlnnV ?1 : >> "*' the Sowing tobacco
fhtnv + 3 been severed . If the stems are
thick, they are divided to admit air and
dry quicker. Then the plants are laid
be n nnt °HH n he g J oun 2' so that the leaves
mftiS Mn^ a / ed \ nd are allowed to re
rtav nr nn?fi c i to , the sun throughout the
t/. i UnUl the leaves are entirely wilted.
hmf«,if aYe are then taken into drying
ti?«ti« ' wh !i re there is plenty, of free ven
tilation, and allowed to dry. The process
is one that requires considerable experi
ence, and cannot be explained in a few
ii^f< " ™,° d tobacco does not need
licorice. The quantity that Is used de
pends upon the poor quality of tobacco
and the desire of the manufacturer to
disguise the taste of the inferior weed.
There are any number of books on the
culture of tobacco, from which you can
obtain the method of culture and curing.
RAISING POULTRY— W. J., Poilasky,
Cal. There are several parties engaged
within a short distance of San Francisco
in raising poultry on a large scale. There
is one poultry ranch in Sonoma County
on which there are not less than 10,000
chickens. Incubators have been success
fully used all the year round in Califor
nia. This department cannot advise any
one to engage in the poultry or any other
business; Its purpose is to give informa
tion, not to advise people as to how they
should invest their i money. I Such advice
should be secured from some reliable
, firm or individual in the business in
' which the party seeks an Investment.
Any. first-class news or book dealer will
inform you .as to the best ' books and
papers on poultry. This department can
not advertise such.
TO RELEASE A VOLUNTEER— A.
R,. City. To obtain the discharge of. a
soldier now at* Manila you will have to
address ■ a communication to the Secre
tary of "War at Washington. D. ■C, stat
in full the nam« tot jUio Individual whoso ■
discharge you seek, the letter of the com
pany, to which he belongs, the regiment
to which he is attached, and as near as
possible the particular place where sta
tioned; also the reason why you demand
his discharge from the service.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery, street. Telephone Main 1042. •
• » »
London has street lamps In operation
which supply pedestrians with tea, coffee,
cocoa and hot water on the penny-in-the
slot system.
"Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syruj-"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It sootr-* the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Coiio, reg
ulates, the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teethlne or
other causes. For sale by Drug-gists in every
part of tha world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Window's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply at
4 New ? intfomery street, San Francisco.
,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Headquarters ' * -
Union Campaign Committee, -
California Hotel.
MAGUIRE -HUTCHISON!
-• ■■■ ■•> ■ ■ • ■ .
DEMONSTRATIONS FOR THE WEEK. : ,
TUESDAY EVENING, Oct. A,
METROPOLITAN HALL,
Don. STEPHEN B. HOWARD, '. ,
Orators: Hon. WALTER P. STRADLEY, ..
Hon. JOHN J. BARRETT.
MTJSIOt CAMPAIGN SONGS '.
FRIDAY EVENING, OCTOBER 7.
WOODWARD'S PAVILION ;
Th» students of the Maguire clubs at the ' "
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA and the LE- •
LAND STANFORD JR. UNIVERSITY will
tender a reception to the next Governor; '
JUDGE MAGUIRE .
Will have something to say to the en- ,'
thusia^ttc students, and In his dis- ' v
course will force our adversaries to a '" . ,
discussion of the real issues before
the people.
Short, snappy speeches by the students.
Campaign songs by the quartets from the • -
universities. -• ." ■
COLLEGE TELLS.
SAT. EVE.. OCT. 8., METROPOLITAN HALZx
, HON. STEPHEN M. WHITE. : ;
1 WILLIAM P. LAWLOR, Chairman. ■ . •
ARE YOU GOING TO THE BALL =
THIS EVENING?
or calling upon your best girl? Then
you want a shirt front that is immacu-
late In its snow*- whiteness, and collar
and cuffs without fray. It isn't nec- - •
essary to pro% .de new ones for every
particular occasion, if your laundry
j work is done up here, as v.c send them • ■
home at all times as fresh and fault- . .
lesss in color and finish a- when new.
The United States Laundry, offico '
1004 Market street Telephone ' :-'
South 420. . :• •';.
.'. _ •
United States Branch. lli|jp! r 'J
STATEMENT
OF THE— "
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—— ' '•:
Aachen and Munich Fire "/ ;
INSURANCE COMPANY : -. : "-
V'-' --■'*' ■ ■ ':
OP AIX LA CHAPELLE, ON THE UST- . "
VF day of December, A. D. 1597, and for tha
year ending on that day, as made to th« In- ' •
surance Commissioner of the State of Call- : ;-.'•■'
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections'
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner. \>- .-■'••;
ASSETS. ■ '
Cash market value of all stocks and *. ■"
bonds owned by company $(27,000 00 -
Cash in company's 0ffice....... 604 93 ■
I Cash in banks 146,4*9 67 •
I Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1.875 00
Premiums in due course of collection 54.454 17 '
Agents' balances : 20,718 33-
Total assets —.. $829,609 18
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid .:.'... $6.6:* »3
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense • 19,924 17 . .
Losses resisted, including: expenses.. 4,686 74 ■
Gross premiums on fire risks run- ' '
ning one year or less. 1350,623 47;
reinsurance 50 per cent 175,141 TJ
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $97,286 71;
reinsurance pro rata 61,4X1 IS •
All other demands against the com-
ply ..:...............- — ...... «,m« • .
Total liabilities ........ „...:....;. $271,030 60 '
INCOME. .'
Net cash actually received for flr*
• premiums .......,,., $416. M
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources.. -20,103 61
Total Income '.............. .; $445,530 IT .. "'
EXPENDITURES. •' . •-
Net amount paid for fire losses (in- " ' -•
eluding - *15.768 57, losses of pre- '
vious years)....-.................. $110,751 71
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 86,21$ 53
Paid a for salaries,- fees and other ' ~
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... M.750 13
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 3.619 61
All other payments and expenditures SS.CSO 15
* Total expenditures - 1197.885 11
lVßllllM'l.liMilJllliiii|)ilU.»l|ll[)»*iaijllil)KlllLi Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... $125,243 24
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
s ten during the year.... $41,914,462 $523,711 45
Net - amount of risks ex- .
pired during the year.. 20,651,831 346,566 50 '.
Net amount in force De-
cember 31, 1597 •• 1 85,295,399 447,808 13 ■ •
SAM*L R. WEED,
Of Weed & Kennedy,
/United States Manager.
; Subscribed and sworn to before me this 16th
day of January, 1898. - .. * oux
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, ;
CESAR BERTHEAU, : .'
MANAQHR,
423 California Street*
■UIMUsIJ.I CAM- FHANCIBOft. „-
ftOr INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the following Firms Fleasi Mention "The Call."
• ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. HARDWARE.
T»utj m-k nncci /~»«""i DALACE Hardware Co., Importers fi Dealers
I HE H. RObbl C<J.« * in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
Uc,Furn.turecndflrtWar«^rnport rs. HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
" , 117 SUTTER STREET. ftllllO Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
niPTinvrcnc l«Illli\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc Send
AUCTIONEERS. UUIIU 'or catalogue. GEO. W. fiHREVB.
tin Stock mI ID S. Cli " Montromery St.. w w 739 Market street.
Auctioneers. MLLII (X VU' Ban Francisco. — — ■
: ■ ■ — IRON FOUNDERS.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY. | Western Foundry. Morton S Hedley. Props..
XV XI CrHACVI V(i Shipping trad* supplied. i 234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
TIM- JVUllLrllrlU) 639 Broadway street. j scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
BELTING. JEWELERS.
L P DEGEN Manufacturer ofßelttne«nd w - K. VANDERSLICE CO.
Lstl V 1""V 1 "" UTU T S O Main 562? Cl OLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 13« Sutter -t..
Blon St.. cor. Spear. Telephone main ao— |j San Francisco. Telephone Mela 917.
BOILED MAKERS. MANUFACTURERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS golden gate woolen mfg. Co.
iiUlliJiia iJUILTiII fl v*v Manufacture blankets. Casslmeres. Tweeds and
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. Flannels, 635 Market st., San Francisco. CaL
Bpeclal Attention Paid to Repair* and Ship Work. Goods for gale at all leading dry goods stores.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET " marine insurance.
Telephone Main 5045. SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
— — — — Combined Capital. 000,000.
*■ BOOKS AND STATIONERY. BTZ & CO. Aftmt*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, — mattrhsses ,XD, XD ..on'seds.
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell. j Tmj „— vn .Dn Mattress Co.. 641 Mlaaloa
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. ; |nt BCKrinAKU «t. Telephone Mala 1«T«.
CASCA FFRRINE BITTERS paper dealers.
IASU rCHHinC DIIICK3, U/ll I . MCTT r PULP AND paper CO..
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. tax*- \ IYILLAmLI It 722 Montgomery Street.
tlve. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA- > —
CEXJTICAL CO., 1517 Market st. PIANOS.
. COM.. COKE AND P,O IRON Th * OMlHrt ™* Tj «™""* 06 *- RE .
; COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. piANO antl MUSIC STORE,
J. C. WILSON & CO.. KOHLER & CHASE
GOO BATTERY STREET. "• B an /i o-Farrell St. ' '
Telephone Main 1864. A corp* of expert tuners and repairers.
COPPERSMITH. ~ PRINTING.
jp,» p >, T"ox. Eupt. H. Elyth. MrP. xz r* HITI^HF^ PRINTER,
C. W. Smith. Ship Plambinj, Steamboat C- W- IHJ VII 511 Sansom* street. ;
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 <zn\o
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641. i SOAP. .
DENTIST. ~ "' "• I rCY (I k>U M 123 87. Tel. Main 1861.
DENTIST. j *!' "• Ltwl ff CU,, room 87. Tel. Main lWt
DR. C W- RICHARDS, & P ?SJr t %ni^ STATIONER AND PRINTER. |
DRUQQISTS (WHOLESALE). Codes? PAR I RIDO LL fornla j
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE). Codes. rrtlV ITV I U Vl L fornla at. |
REDIN6TON&CO. %Ss& m SS?!SS?4 THE BICKS-JUDD CO., 55gy aßs&na B s&n
FIRE INSURANCE WAREHOUSEMEN.
EDWARD BROWN & SON. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
411-«3 California street, rear. Forwarding A«ent« and PnbUo W«j|b«,
Capital Represented over 114. 000. 000 General Storage. Free and Oraln Warehouse*
— — — — General office. HO California st. T>L Mala mi,
*. FLOUR. WALLPAPER
ViTinVAf Flour Mills. J. Marten»t<?;n * Co. nAu,r*rcn,
nAIIUnAL 8W cor Battery and Pacific ate. WHOLEf\LE & retail; send for samples, stat-
. — — Ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 823 Howard.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. ■,■■...„ pTC I
TIC RAVEC X- m Shipping Butchew. 1H WATLntb, felt,.
JAj- dUILJ tt vU., Clay. Tel. Mala UK T I mmv Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
_ — 1* HJrllllj full 18-k. Weadlnr Rings. 4 Jdst.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES. WOOD AND IVORY TURNING
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. HI Larkla sU S. V. WOOD AND IVORY TURNINO.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of aO CARL F. HAAS manufacturer of wood artl-
klnds of Harness and dealers in Buggies, j cles of any description. Planing, turning, etc.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or wih« 417 Mission St.. tel. M. 5927.
THE FOLLOWER
OF THE PISTON
WAS CRACKED
Caused a Breakdown
on the Peking.
DELAY OF THE STEAMER
MAIL STEAMER SAN BLAS AR
RIVES FROM PANAMA,
More News From the "Menace to
Navigation" — One Portion in
Santa cruz and the Other
Off Pigeon Point.
The Pacific Mail Company's City of Pe
king will not get away for the Orient be
fore to-morrow and possfbly Wednesday.
The follower of the piston Is broken, and
a new one has to be made and fitted by
the Union Iron Works before the steamer
can sail. She Is now anchored off the
Mall dock, and nearly all the passengers
will remain by her until the repaira are
completed.
The Cty of Peking arrived here from
Manila on August 22, and the work of
transforming her from a transport into a
passenger steamer again was at once be
gun. She was thoroughly overhauled
from stem to stern and her machinery
. was placed in first class order. The fol
.• lower of the piston was found defective,
bo a new one was put In. It worked all
' right while the engines were being turned
over at the dock, and no indications of a
. breakdown were notceable when the ves
sel got under way. lien the .'jf eking vvt^s
straightened out for the Golden Gate and
the engines were opened up there was a
' c L asl n and steam was in a moment shut
j c anchor was dropped off Sausallto
and when the extent of the damage was
learned the vessel was towed back to an
anchorage in Msslod Bay.
It was a beautiful day on the front yes
terday and thousands of people thronged
the wharves. The- big steamer was the
. center ol attraction, and the wharves at
the southern end of the town had crowds
"= n ui m all day long. Whitehall and
sailing boats crowded around the Peking
■ «t U^£fV le afterno °n and occasonally a
steam launch and a tug would put In an
APPearance. faking th! scene somewhw
•with .i. ,< ,i dcp£ i rlure of the same vessel
with the California troops for Manila last
• The people at Honolulu will be treated
to a great scare over the non-arrival of
the mail boat. She will be at least four
days late at that point, and they will have
. begun to think that she had again broken
down at sea and was making port under
■ Bail. •
The taking of mail steamers for trans
ports has played havoc with the port
. Every vessel that leaves here has every
pound of freight aboard she can carry
and hundreds of tons are left behind on
•the wharves. The Peking has an enor
' rr.ous load, and the Alameda for Sydney
N. 8. W.. via Honolulu, Apia and "Auck
. land has been compelled £0 refuse more
• cargo. Not an ounce is being taken to
Honolulu, but that has not helped matters
much, as there is almost enough freight
on hand to fill another vessel.
The German mail steamer Prinz Hen-
Hen was caught in a typhoon, as were
other vessels In Asiatic waters last
month. Among her passengers was Gov
ernor General Augustin of the Philippines
and his wife. During the storm Mrs. Au
gustin was thrown out of her berth and
• was seriously bruised and had her arm
broken It was also learned on the Gaelic
that the Prinz Henrich had her ventila
tors carried away and a;< number of
etancheons broken. The typhoons this
year seem to have more disasters to their
credit than ever before.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
. San Bias arrived from Panama and way
, ports yesterday. She left Mazatlan on
September 26 and made a good run up the
coast. • ,
The steamer Coos Bay got In from
southern ports yesterday. Captain Hall
reports that at 6:30 a. m. he sighted: the
steamer Whitesboro about two miles east
of Santa Cruz with 175 feet of a lumber
raft in tow. The wind was southeast, and
the Whitesboro was holding the raft^jff
the beach.' Old sliig? captains think that
in a day or so the Whitesboro will come
into port with the remains of the raft
that caused the Progreso so much trouble
in tow.
Captain Hall of the Coos Bay further i
reports that from Santa Cruz to within
three miles of Pigeon Point he passed ;
numerous stray piles. At 10:1:5 a. m. yes- j
erday he sighted part of a log raft three
miles west northwest of Pigeon Point. It |
was 400 feet long and was breaking up
gradually. This is probably the portion of
the raft which broke away from the Pro
greso off Coos Bay.
The lfghthouse engineer has issued the :
following notice to mariners : "The. sub- j
marine mines at the entrance to the har- '
bor of San Diego, Cal., and the buoys ;
marking the open channel to the south- !
ward of Ballast Point have been taken up
and the channel is now clear. Vessels '
can pass in or out at all times, day or i
night. _________^__
THE TRANSPORTS EXPECTED.
The Senator. Indiana, Ohio and New
port Should Arrive This Week.
The transport Senator should arrive I
here to-day from Honolulu, where she 1
stopped for repairs and to have her boil- :
ers cleaned. She has been expected for j
several days and it is therefore thought
that the re-pairs must have taken longer |
than was at first anticipated. It was re
puted that no great damage was done
the Senator by the typhoon that she ex
perienced beyond the carrying away of
her forward railing.
The Indiana. Ohio and Newport are |
also expected here this week. Th^se four J
erf the only transports that are any
where near due. and they are about in |
shape to make a return trip without any
delay. The Senator can be ready in
three days after she arrives to sail, and
It is therefore possible that some of the
troops may get away this week, although
it Is more probable that the Senator vill
be held until the Indiana and thp rest are
ready, in which case none of the troops
will be gotten away before pome time
next week. These four transports will
carry certainly three regiments. No one
knows in just what order the troops will
be dispatched. This matter will In all
probability be turnod over to General
Miller by General Merriam, or at least
the recommendations of the former will
be accepted by the latter. At present
General Miller has not given the matter
any consideration.
Major John Carr, First Washington,
has been relieved from duty with the bat
talion with which he has been serving
and ordered to report to his regimental
commander for duty.
Private Harry Scott. Company X,
Fifty-first lowa Regiment, died at the
division hospital yesterday of meningitis.
A HOME FOR BOYS.
The Eureka Society Establishes a
Branch to Its Charitable Work.
The directors of the Eureka Society
for the Protection of Children has estab- 1
lished another home for young boys, to
be known as the Eureka Boys' Home.
Quarters have been obtained at 3262 Twen
ty-fifth street. It will be presided over
by Mrs. H. E. Reed as matron. The di
rectorate has been organized as follows:
President, Mrs. John Pettee; vice presi- j
dent and manager, Mrs. B. C. Brower; j
treasurer, Mrs. M. Hainque; directors —
Miss May B. Wilkins. Mrs. T. R. Hamil- j
ton and Miss Aggie Ahem. E. L. Wad- i
ham will act as secretary. The home was I
created for the purpose of providing tem
porary shelter for boys up to 14 years
of age; also as a permanent home for a
limited number of lads, who will be
taught Borne of the useful trades and
given the rudiments of an education.
When necessary girls will be taken In
until they can be better provided for.
■ » »
SOLDIERS IN DOUBT.
General Merriam Will Decide the
Fate of ths Seventh Regiment
This Week.
The situation in the Seventh Regiment
remains unchanged. Colonel Berry was
busy all day Saturday indorsing the ap
plications of the men for discharge, and
he stated that he hoped to get them all
In to General Miller yesterday. From tha
division commander they will be sent up
to General Merriam. and nothing definite
will be done until he has Tormally acted
in the matter. In the meantime, as pre
dicted in The Call, no one seems to think
that the regiment will go to Manila, but
rather that when General Meriam finds
what a very large percentage of the men
desire to leave the service he will recom
mend that the regiment be mustered out.
It is certain that whatever he may recom
mend in the matter will be done by the
War Department.
The Botkin Extradition Case.
Chief Lees will present the revised pa
pers for the extradition of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin to Governor Budd at noon to-day
if the Governor should reach the city this
morning. It Is not positively certain
whether he will be in the city to-day.
You will find the latest things In wall
paper at Clark's, 663 Market street. *
THE .SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1898.
SACRED FEAST OF THE ROSARY.
Impressive Ceremony Observed at St. Dominie's
Church— Pilgrimage in Honor of the Virgin.
WITH a gigantic burst of harmony
from the great organ, blended
with a glorious volume of vocal
and instrumental music, the annual
Feast of the Rosary was solemnly usher
ed in yesterday morning at St. Dominic's
Church.
As the celebrant of the mass with his
assistants issued from the sacristy to
the sanctuary, robed in the garments of
the altar and bearing the sacred vessels
aloft, they were met with a burst of
sound that- filled the air and strove for
another existence in the echo whfch im
mediately followed. This was the first
actual test of the great instrument, and
it proved a success.
The principal ceremony had a dual pur
pose. It commemorated not only the
Feast of the Rosary in honor of the Vir
gin, but also dedicated the great instru
ment in the loft above to the service and
the glory of God.
The festivities in honor of the feast con
sisted in the celebration of solemn high
mass and a procession or pilgramage
around the entire block immediately af
ter. During the progress of rna?s, in
addition to the organ accompaniment,
the Tivoli Orchestra was heard In beauti
ful harmony with the great organ.
The mass was celebrated by the priests
of the Dominican community. All
through its progress the Archbishop oc
cupied an improvised throne, specially
erected for the occasion in the sanctuary
WORK AT MARE
ISLAND STATION
Eighteen Hundred Men
on the Rolls.
REPAIRS ON THE WARSHIPS
ADAMS AND YORKTOWN BEADY
FOR SERVICE.
Gunboat Alert Being Stripped Pre
paratory to Being Hebuilt
Upon the Plan of the
Ranger.
Bp«clal Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, Oct. 2.— Mare Island can
be said to resemble a hive of industry,
there being nearly 1800 men on the
rolls. There Is some question as to
the work keeping up, however, as two
of the ships now at yard (the Adams
and Yorktown) will be placed in com
mission during October.
The plans and specifications for the
new officers' quarters are about com
pleted, though no positive word con
cerning the work has been received
from Chief of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks. The repairs to the shops and
store houses damaged by the earth
quake are approaching completion and
unless there are orders to have some
of the new .buildings erected by the
navy yard force there is danger of a
lay-off in the yards and docks depart
ment before the end of the year. *
The Hartford is ready to come out of
the duck, her rudder having been put
in during the past week. Her sea valves
have been placed and she will be taken
out whenever the dock Is required for
another vessel. The work of covering
her boilers with non-conducting mater
ials was finished to-day and one of
them has been secured In place. The
others will be secured next week and
the boiler-makers will then put up the
uptake and smokestack. When this is
done the construction department can
go ahead with its work which has been
awaiting the installation of this por
tion of the motive power.
The Adams will go Into commission
next week, as soon aB the crew of the
Mohican finishes the work of stripping
that vessel and is ready to be trans
ferred. The Adams is ready for a
cruise now, with the exception of her
modern battery, which has not arrived
from the East. Her gun deck is a
model of convenience and comfort.
The Alert is being stripped, to the
immediately to the left of the high altar.
The assistants to the Archbishop were
also chosen from the Dominican clergy.
They occupied seats of honor on both
sides of the throne.
The panegyric on the life and work of
the Virgin was pronounced by Father
Newell O. P. In it he paid the highest
tribute to the mother of the Redeemer
and traced the origin of the Feast of the
Rosary back to the tenth century and to
the time when it was first called Into
existence by a Dominican priest.
At the conclusion of the mass the Arch
bishop invoked a blessing upon the con
gregation, which ceremony terminated
the religious services in the church
I ' r Th > ce r altars, particularly that erected to
the Virgin, situated to the left of the
main altar, was beautifully decorated.
Myriads of flickering candles formed a
mass of reflected light and color in the
background of the pure wftlte marble be
hind. Exotic growths and the rarest of
flowers were artistically arranged on the
steps and the available space directly in
front of the side altars. Intertwined be
tween the candles and the golden can
delabra were long and delicate streamers
of smilax. The Archbishop's throne was
beautifully decorated with white and pink
satin, the draping of the canopy above
consisting entirely of the latter material.
The procession or pilgrimage of the dif
ferent associate societies of the church
extended around the entire block bounded
by Steiner, Pine, Pierce and Bush streets.
Bhell, preparatory to rebuilding upon
the same lines as the Ranger. These
vessels will be very useful for cruising
purposes in Asiatic waters, as they
will make good time with very little
coal consumption.
The Yorktown is well along and will
be ready to go Into commission toward
the end of this month.
The Albatross has been painted
white. Her masts, spars and smoke
stack are receiving a coat of the regu
lation st»aw color. There is consider
able work yet to be done before the
Albatross assumes her ante-bellum
beauty. The Navy Department will
pay all the costs of putting her Into
first-class condition.
MARK STROUSE HONORED
IN DEATH BY MASONS
IMPRESSIVE SERVICES HELD
IN THE TEMPLE.
Eloquent Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger
Pays Tribute to the Worth, of
the Late Merchant.
Sorrowing relatives and friends paid
their last marks of respect to the late
Mark Strouse at Masonic Temple yester
day. The impressive burial service of the
order was conducted by C. P. Kispert,
senior warden, in the absence of P. J.
Ashford, master of South San Francisco
Lodge, of which decedent was a member.
He was assisted by H. F. Rahlmann, jun
ior warden.
The temple was thronged with men and
women who knew the dead man in his
Hfe time. Evidences of their remem
brance were seen in the mass of flowers,
those outward manifestations of sorrow
and of sympathy. Rabbi Jacob Voor
sanger, of Temple Emanu-El, paid a trib
ute to the worth of Mr. Strouse, both to
those who were of his flesh and blood and
also to those who met him in public life.
For decedent there were words of praise
of his true life and good deeds, and for
those he left behind words of sympathy
and hope. . „ , _
The music under the direction of Or
ganist S. D. Mayer and the Masonic quar
tet was in keeping with the solemnity
of the occasion.
The pallbearers were chosen from
among the societies with which in his life
time Mr. Strouse was Identified, the. Ma
sons, Foresters and Veteran Firemen.
Interment took place at Odd Fellows'
Cemetery in the family vault.
Buy wall paper and window shades at
Clark's, 653 Market street. Country or
ders solicited. •
. ♦ . — .
Body Found at Bakers leach.
Privates Charles Field and William
Vancil of Company I, Twentieth Kansas
Volunteers,- while collecting shells on the
j shore at Bakers -Beach at 10 o'clock yes
terday morning, saw the body' of a man
floating: in the water a short distance
from shore, and with the help of G. Phe
biis and E. E. W'aite ;of Company E-of
the Sixth : California Regiment, they
, brought the : body ' ashore." An examina
tion .of the pockets of the -deceased
brought ; forth 'a ; memorandum book I with j
the name of Julius Blau. a member of the !
National Brewers' Union of A the Pacific j
Coast and belonging to Branch No. 1
upon It. .^,- :-]^-j ■--:"■ ..
_« m ■
Don't trifle with piles. They are danger
pus. Use "Anakesla" at once and be cured*
It was an Impressive spectacle to witness
as it passed on Its way with waving ban
ners, the hundreds of devotees reciting
the rosary and the little childrertchanans
hymns to the Virgin as they solemnly
marched behind the Dominican Sisters,
who, led by an acolyte bearing the cruci
fix between two lighted candles,, headed
the procession. tfSQra
The order at. the procession was- as tot-
lxrws,-
First aivißiDa— Marshal, Jnmea Lewia;- ctobs
beaxer,. George Sturla; acolytes— Terrene* Mc-
Keon, James McGushiaj rosary banner, John
Gilmora; chanter, Key., ffather Jones O. P..;
Sunday-scnool girls, Mlbs Lily Cashing banner,
first Joyful Mystery, John Doherty; Sunday
school boys, Mlbs Rosella McKeon; banner,
second Joyful Mystery, M. Farrell; Christian
Doctrine Association, Miss Bagge; banner,
third Joyful Mystery, P. J. McKeon; Young
Men' a Holy Name Society, Jeremiah Hurley;
banner, fourth Joyful Myatery, X.. Roach; la
dies erf the congregation; banner, fifth Joyful
Mystery^. ■
Second division^- itarehat. A., (/iibbon*; chant
er, A. Pan-ziiii; gentlemen at th« congregation ;
banner of th« first Sorrowful Mystery, John
Hurley; ladles or the Third Order of St. Dom
inic; banner of the second Sorrowful Mystery.
Ed R. Myrick: gentlemen ef the Third Order
of St. Dominic; banner of the third Sorrowful
Mystery. Luke Carroll; Sodality of the Holy
Name of Jesus, banner-bearer, James Mc-
Manus; banner of the fourth Sorrowful Mys
tery, Thomas Martin; Pt. Vincent de Paul So
ciety; banner of the fifth Sorrowful Mystery,
Jlaurire Higplns.
Third division— Marshal, James McKenna;
chanter, Rev. Father Clancy, O. P.; Rosarians,
Junior and senior branches, In five companies
of ten or mure, each bearing a banner of the
Glorious Mysteries of the Rosary; leader of
junior branch, Miss Schwarz: leader of senior
branch. Mips Annie Kelly; St Dominic's choir;
St. Dominic's Sanctuary Society; statue of the
Blessed Virgin. Oeor*e M. Kelly, Matt Car
roll, Patrick Bird, S. P. Taylor. Rev. Father
Prior, with o>rgy.
The officers were as follows:
Grand marshal, J. B. Mflntyre; aids to
grand marshal— John Murphy, Hugh J.
McGinnis. E. J. Dollard. Arthur Dollard,
L). A. White, Chester Keogh and James
P. Sweeney.
The organ accompaniment was rendered
under the direction of Professor H. J.
Stewart.
The choir consisted of the singers who
are now conducting the grand opera -•■•a
son at the Tivoli Opera House. The solo
ists comprised the following artists: ficu&a
Lichter, soprano; Miss Linck, contralto;
Signor Zerni, tenor; Mr. Schuster, basso;
Mr. Pruette. barytone.
The celebration was concluded In the
evening- with special and solemn devo
tions to the Virgin. These consisted in
the recital of the rosary, a procession
around the interior of the church and a
panegyric on the life of Mary.
BEST ATTRACTIONS
FOR SAN FRANCISCO
DALY AND FROHMAN WILL
SOON BE SEEN H£RE.
S. H. Friedlander Returns From New
York With a Number of Star
Shows Boojted.
S. H. Friedlander, manager of the Bald
win, Columbia and Caluornia theaters,
arrived from New York yesterday morn
ing and brought a bushel of theatrical
news with him. His trip was oTiginally
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33 and 38.
222-224 SUTTER STREET.
SPECIAL
Monday— Tuesday — Wednesday
HAMS—
Best Eastern, regularly ISc lO^c Ib
MAPLE SUGAR—
Pure Eastern Sugar, new crop,
reguarly 20c lb ...12V40 lb
WHITE ENAMEL WARE—
A large variety at a discount from
/ . list prices of. ..........V..20 per cent
HAMAMELIS—
(Extract of Witch Hasel)
Half pint pint quart
' 15c 250 40c
j ALCOHOL—
For burning, quart bottle 40c
gallon 1.25
PARLOR MATCHES—
"New Era" brand, ; regularly 8 for
25c, i packages 350
CASTILE SOAP—
■ . French ■ imported, . regularly 30c, bar... ,25c
MALT VVH vSKEY-
• "Acme" brand, a pure medicinal -
whisky, regularly „ Sic," bottle '.:...7Sc
NEW SMYRNA FIGS ARRIVED. ,' I
'tiA£&£is&3yd " NO - quacks:"
««WBWCWsf^rrjV A good Electric Beit
Jfty&S^slaXym *• 1 1 1 cure WITHOUT
I^^S^ir^.A-^Trt^^SXIKDICINE. Buy no
I^K^f^^^^g^phflt till^ you Bee "Dr.
•\3s*ii&3§Wkysv&^ Call or address.
Jt&ZfoJF&iji/ipy. PIERCE ELECTRIC
V*V-?Kff« ■ :l « - CO 620 MARKET
■'■■'•- *2£f,i STREET, opp. Palace : Hotel.
Mention ' San Francisco,
this paper.
IMETE? \/IT /V Kwtcm vitality^
IMCr* VMM lost « vigor.
SG£jß& — AND MANHOOD
VE&F*^JI Cure* Impoiency Night Emissions and wasting
ifitSß^S H diseases, all effects of self'jbuse, or excess and
'^S/^iiL indiscretion. ! A nerre^ocic and blood-builder.
1 Ha-^Jh? Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re
It BS*. 111 1 stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 pet
WjC^BJL box. 6 boxes for $2.50: with a written
f'j''^^(guarantee to cure or refund the money. - . : '
Rertita imdical G«., C««ten * Itttooa its., Ghitw.
WAITER BROS., 83 Grant aye., cor. ; Geary.
Elanned for a relief from business carea,
ut the spirit of action took possession
of him when the metropolis was reached
and a great deal of interesting business
was transacted.
San Francisco is no longer the tabooed
city, as the attractions Sir. Friedlander
has secured will attest. First of all, the
foremost company in America will be seen
again over the Baldwin footlights. Au
gustin Daly's complete company, with
Ada Rehan at the head, will visit this
city some time in May for a four weeks'
engagement, during which the latest New
York successes will be presented.
As was published in The Call, Charles
Frohman, the mighty, had repented his
rash criticisms on the theatrical possibili
ties of San Francisco from the financial
standpoint, and now, to show his com
plete recantation, he will send out his
ver,y best companies in their original
strength. Belasco's new play, an adapta
tion from the French, "Zaza." now a
reigning success in Paris, will be pro
duced in this city. Mrs. Leslie Carter will
head the company.
"Why Smith Left Home," one of the
latest comedies of the season, will be pro
duced by George Broadhurst's company at
the Columbia.
Sol Smith Russell, In new plays, will
come to the Baldwin for a season of seven
weeks.
The Empire Theater company Intact
will give "Secret Service" at the Baldwin.
One of the biggest attractions booked is
the "Sign of the Cross." produced in Lon
don by \Vilson Barrett.
Mr. Friedlander announces three musi
cal cards during the season. Terese Ca
rene, the great pianist; Godfrey's Royal
English band, and Sousa with his band.
Opera has not been neglected. The In
ternational Grand Opera Company, now
being formed in New York, will visit this
city for a long engagement. Clementine
de Vere will be at the head of the organ
ization. The tenor. Salve Panbranchi,
will come directly from Italy. Mme. Kro
hold Koert will be the soprano, Signor
Vlrgilie Bellatti of the San Carlo Opera
House of Lisbon will be the barytone and
Signor Dado, originally with the Maple
son opero company, basso; R. Sapie, a
prominent musician, will be the musical
director. The chorus and orchestra win
be exceptionally large.
Verein Eintracht Picnic.
The second picnic and moonlight festi
val of the season of the Verein Eintracht
was held yesterday. While the weather
kept some away there were still enough
for a good time. The wheel of fortune at
tracted not a few, who were well pleased
with their prizes. Dancing, however,
was the main feature. The chill of the
evening was not felt because Captain L.
Siebe had inclosed the sides of the pa
vilion. The affair was under the direc
tion of the following committee of ar
rangements: President A. Becker, Vice
President Charles Rehn, Otto Thile. Otto
Lemeke, F. Hoffinghoff.
Suicide While Demented.
John Burke, a piano polisher, employed
at 850 Harrison street, was found dead at
8 o'clock Saturday morning' in the office
of the establishment with the pas turned
on. Burke had been on a spree, and was
demented when he committed the act.
He was a native of Ireland. 53 years old,
and has a married daughter in this city.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TWO GEATEFTJL WOMEN
Restored to Health by Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
"Can Do My Own Work."
Mrs. Patrick Daiteht,
West Winsted, Conn., writes:
"Dear Mrs. Ptckham: — It is with
pleasure that I write to you of the
benefit I have derived from using your
wonderful Vegetable Compound. I \»»s
very ill, suffered with female weak-
ness and displacement of the womb.
4 'I could not sleep at night, had to walk
I the floor, I suffered so with pain in my
side and small of my back. Was trou-
bled with bloating, and at times would
faint away; had a terrible pain in my
heart, a bad taste in my mouth all the
time and would vomit; but now, thanks
! to Mrs. Pinkham and her Vegetable
Compound, I feel well and sleep well,
can do my work without feeling tired;
j do not bloat or have any trouble
i whatever.
"I sincerely thank you for the good
advice you gave me and for what your
medicine has done for me. "
"Cannot Praise It Enough."
Miss Gertie Dvskts,
Franklin, Neb., writes:
" I suffered for some time with pain-
ful and irregular menstruation, falling
>f the womb and pain in the back. I
Iried physicians, but found no relief.
M I was at last persuaded to try Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
md cannot praise it enough for what
t has done for me. I feel like a new
berson, and would not part with your
medicine. I have recommended it to
several of my friends."
REPUBLICAN
MEETINGS!
HON. HENRY T. GAGE. .
HON. JULIUS KAHN,
HON. CHAS. L. PATTON
and OTHER SPEAKERB
Will Address the People at
SARATOGA HALL
Geary St., between Polk and Larkin.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 3d,
Under the Auspices of the
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE
—and the —
THIRTY-NINTH DISTRICT REPUBLICAN
CLUBS;
—also at—
TEUTONIA HALL
Howard St.. between Ninth and. Tenth,
Under the Auspices of the
THIRTY-FIRST DISTRICT
■■-■-■ REPUBLICAN CLUB.
O O 000 000 000
oT""o T "" PALACE *' D S
° c/? and mmm %
o SAN FftAHCISCO. a
*f Connected by a covered passageway. 31
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. *J
O Ail Under One Management. ■ Q
0 ROTS THE PRICES: O
_ European Plan. .oo per day and upward A
V American Plan.s3.OG per day and upward
f\ Correspondence Solicited. Q
0 JOHN 0. KIRKPAtRICK. Ktaagsr. q
ftOO OOO OO O 00 0 OO OOOQ
drMulty.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A Specialist ewe* Private, Nervous, and Blood JDla-
; eases of Men only. Boot on Private Diseases and
' Weaknesses of Men, free. Over SOy'rs' experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours
i to3dally;6:3otoB:3oeVgs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call,oraddre«
; Dr. P. KOBCOE JIoMLTY,
gg^ Kearny Ht., San Francisco, Cal.
AMUSEMENTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. .
SANKEY BROS.,
High ; Pedestal Gymnasts.
: MANNO— Ysaye's Pride.
MUZJNO'S JAPANESE ACROBATS. ;
1 ; The Naval Parade — New Moving • Pictures. •
And other features In the s FREE ■ THEATER.
, 10c Including Zoo and Theater. Children sc. ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRACES BODY AND BRAIN.
What Mariani Wine Does to Soothe,
Strengthen and Sustain the
System.
Vln Mariani (Marianl Wine) is
recommended as a tonic by the med-
ical profession all over the world. It
has received written recommendations
from more than 8000 American physi-
cians. |
Mariani Wine soothes, strengthens
and sustains the system and braces
body and brain. It gives strength:
therefore may it be described as the
conqueror of disease and the promoter,
of health and longevity.
Mariani Wine is specially indicated
for malaria, fever and ague and all
miasmatic fevers. It promptly dispels
chills, abates malarial fever, and elves
a sense of buoyancy and vigor.
Mariani Wine is furthermore of es-
pecial value in cases of Neuralgia, Ner-
vous Debility, Muscular Relaxation.
Mental and Physical Depression and
Exhaustion, 0.-erwork \or Overstrain.
Insomnia, Headache, Nervous Dyspep-
sia, Loss of Appetite, Emaciation and
Consumption. It builds up the vital
forces and is a powerful rejuvenator. It
gives strength to the nervous system,
firmness and elasticity to the muscles,
and richness to the blood. It benefits
all.
Mariani Wine is palatable and suited
to the most delicate stomachs. In the
cases of pale, puny, sickly children it
is invariably used with great benefit.
For overworked men and delicate
women Mariani Wine works wonders.
Marani Wine is sold by all Druggists.
Try it and you will find that It will well
sustain its reputation. One word of •
caution, however— let no representation
or explanation induce you to accept a
substitute. "Just as good" usually
leads to disappointment.
To every one writing to Mariani &
Co., 52 West Fifteenth street. New
York City, will be sent, free, if this
paper is mentioned, an interesting lit-
tle book containing portraits and auto-
graphs of Emperors, Empress, Princes,
Cardinals, Archbishops and other dis-
tinguished personages, endorsing Via
Mariani. ___^____^__
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
TO-NIGHT SECOND WEEK OF THE
FRAWLEY CO.
AND BLANCHE BATES.
Augustln Daly's Charming Comedy,
THE LAST WORD.
A glimpse of life at the nation's capital.
BLANCHE BATES AS VERA.
Regular Frawley prices, 25c. 60c. 75c and $1.
Next play. "THE DANCING GIRL."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIRD WEEK of the brilliant •
NANCE O'INEIL
and the McKEB RANKIN CO.
To-night, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday,
first time here, ■ the drama,
"TRUE TO LIFE."
Balance of week, "CAMILLE."
Note the Vaudeville Monarchs!
CAWTHORN and FORRESTER, in a great
comedy skit. "A DAMAGE SUIT."
HUGH J. EMMET. Premier Ventriloquist.
MULVEY and INMAN. Character Changes.
CARPO BROS., • Wonder Gymnasts.
MR.and MRS. R. J. DUSTIN and COM-
PANY. ANGLO-AMERICAN QUARTET.
LEW HAWKINS. Monologuist.
THE PAOLIS and DOG.
THE BIOGRAPH, new views.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, Me; opera
chairs and box seats, 60c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ALHAMBRA.
Corner of Eddy and Jones streets. Tel. 8. 433.
A CORKINGJBIG BILL
ROBERT DOWNING AND COMPANY
In the "GLADIATOR."
GEO. BONIFACE and NONNA FERNER
In a Comedy "A GAME OF LOBBY."
WILL S. RISING AND COMPANY
In Offenbach's Sparkling Operatta "THE ROSS
OF AUVERGNE."
FOUR OLIFANS — Eccentrics.
LILLIAN SMITH, Champion Rifle Shot of th«
FORD & LEWIS, "The New York Sport*."
McBRIDE & DALLON, Irish Duo.
THE SENSATIONAL AUSTINS.
THE HUMAN FLY, AIMEE. *
POPULAR PRICES.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
25 cents. Children 10 cents, any seat.
IOROSGO'S GRANDE
Valtsr Moaosco, Sole Lessee and Manaotb
Second week of
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Elaborate production of McKee Rankln'a great
success,
"THE RUNAWAY WIFE"
- A beautiful domestic comedy-drama.
NEW SCENERY. STRONG CAST.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, . . . 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 100.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Hireling, Proprietor and Manager. ,
■ THIS EVENING
Requested revival of Balfa's favorite ballad
opera, .
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL.
An all-star cast. New scenery. Correct cos-
tumes. Superb chorus and mag-
nificent orchestra.
GRAND MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
NEXT WEEK— Opening of THE COMIC
OPERA SEASON. The new operatic fantasle,
"THE CIRCUS QUEEN."
Mirth. Melody. Dance.
Popular prices. 25c and 50c. N. B.— A reserved
seat for the matinee 25c. Our telephone Bush 9. :
COMEDY THEATER.
TO-NIGHT THE GREAT MILITARY EVENT,
THE JOSSEY-MARVIN COMPANY
.In the American war drama of ' to-day,
THE SIGNAL OF LIBERTY.
Every evening. Matinees Wednesday, Satur-
day and . Sunday.
Prices always—Evenings 15c. 25c. 35c and 50a,
Matinees 25c to all parts, gallery 15c.
Seats. Comedy Theater and 710 Market St.
Coming— Charming CLARA THROPP.
AT W A V A TTV BEATBBYPHOHI
ALCAZAR Main 254,
TO-NIGHT BEGINS THE SECOND WEEK
of N. .C. Goodwin's : character play,
"IN MIZZOURAI"
R SCATS Isc, 25c, 35c, tJUC
Next week Belasco and De Mine's exquisite '
play, "THE WIFE."
OLYMPIA " trest - oorner - -
- - The ' Great Eastern Star
IRENE FRANKLIN! IRENE FRAHKLINI
;;, . • And 10 all-star acts. -
ADMISSION FREE.' MATINEE SUNDAY.
56
WANDERINGS OF
A MOTHERLESS
BABY GIRL
Her Parent Died on a
River Steamer.
NO ONE WANTED THE TOT
TAKEN TO KOTZEBUE ON THE
BARK HAYDEN BROWN.
Meanwhile Her Father Had Given Up
Gold Hunting and Was Search
ing All Over the Country
for His Child.
Captain George A. Hatfleld of the de
funct Alaska-Juneau Transportation
Company is back from St. Michael. He
went up there early in the spring to look
after the company's interests, but with
the loss of the river steamer James Eva
the troubles of the concern began and the
gallant old shipmaster was in hot water
from morning to night He finally got
everything straightened out and returned
to San Francisco last Saturday. The Brit
ish ship Lancing, of which he was for
merly master and part owner, 1? now on
her way here in command of his son-in
law and the chances are that he will re
sume command of her when she arrives.
"St. Michael is a very healthy place."
said the captain yesterday. "Over 2000
people will winter there and nearly three
times that number lived there for a time
during the rush and yet there are only
three graves in the burial ground. In one
of them the mate of the river steamer 11.
A Burr was buried. He committed sui
cide by shooting himself through the
head. In another we placed the remains
of a gold hunter who was returning from
Dawson to San Francisco in search of
health, and in the other one we placed
the remains of a wife and mother.
"As near as I could get at them, the
facts cf the woman's death and the wan
derings of her year-old child are about as
follows: C. E. Sohultze went to the
Klondike to make his fortune. His wife
accompanied him. A year ago she gave
birth to a little girl, but never fully re
covered. "When the river opened last
June Schultze determined to send his wife
to San Francisco in the hopes that the
change would do her good. She started
for St. Michael on the river steamer
Hamilton, but that vesel broke her back
on a sandbar and all the pasengers had
to be transferred to the P. B. Weare.
This aggravated Mrs. Schultze's illness
and on July 4 last she died.
"When the news of her death reached
the miners on the steamer they at once
raised a purse for the child and the ex
penses of the funeral. The body was
brought to St. Michael and buried. Then
the question of what to do with the child
arose. The women at St. Michael were
nearly all bound for the gold fields and
no one wanted to have anything to do
with the little one.
"About this time the bark Hayden
Brown arrived in port and as the mate
■was accompanied by his wife, the case
was laid before that lady. She took a
great fancy to the little one and at once
agreed to adopt it. Accordingly, when
the Hayden Brown sailed for Kotzebue
Sound the little girl went along as the
adopted daughter of the first mate.
"In the meantime the news of the death
of Mrs. Schultze had reached Dawson
and the husband came down the river
post haste to claim hia child. On his ar
rival he found her gone and also found
that United States Commissioner Shep
hard ,had entered into an agreement with
the mate and his wife by which in the
event of the child being claimed they
were to get $15 a month for the time they
took care of it. The husband was mad
clean through and told Commissioner
Shephard what he thought of him in very
forcible language. He vowed vengeance
and swore to have justice If it .was to be
found in the courts of the land. He
pointed out that there were plenty of
funds available to provide for the child
while he was being communicated with
and that it was a high-handed proceeding
to give his child away to the first person
who wanted it.
"■Well, the end of the matter was that
the commissioner paid the man's fare to
Dawson and he left intending to settle up
his business and go out over the" Chilcoot
Pass and await the arrival of the Hayden
Brown at Seattle.
"A couple of days after Schultze left St.
Michael the Hayden Brown returned to
port. The little giri was hale and hearty
and everybody was glad to see her. The
condensed milk gave out on the passage
up and at Kotzebue an Indian woman had
to be pressed into service as a foster
mother. The Indian woman took quite a
fancy to the child and tried to steal it.
She was gone nearly an hour before her
flight was discovered and then everybody
on the ship started out to look for her.
She was finally run to earth at an Indian
village ten miles away and the child was
brought back in triumph. The commis
sioner decided to leave the child with the
mate of the Hayden Brown, but both he
and his wife agreed to give the little one
up as soon as it was claimed.
"There are over 10,000 tons of provisions
stored at St. Michael, so there will be
no starvation there this winter. If the
gold hunters on Kotzebue Sound are not
successful I expect a great many of them
will cross over to St. Michael and come
down in the spring. As soon as the river
opens next year all the goods stored on
the island will be rushed up to Dawson.
There are two large hotels at St. Mi
chael and they did a land office business
during the rush. As for me, I have had
all the Klondike I want."
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
REHABILITATION OF THE FIRST
AND FIFTH REGIMENTS.
Surgeon General Hopkins Has Re
signed and Is Succeeded by Col
onel Gallwey — New Hope
iw Naval Militia,
The outlook at this time for the reor
ganization of the First and the Fifth
Regiments of Infantry of the National
Guard is much brighter than it has been
at any time since the war with Spain.
Adjutant General Barrett, who. to-mor
row, will leave in company with Colonel
Burgin, inspector of rifle practice j for
"Washington, D. C, to present tho war
claim of the State of California to the
"War Department, has left the matter of
reorganization to Major General Dickin- '
son and Brigadier General Warfleld. !
Major Jansen, brigade inspector of the
Second Brigade, has been instructed to
hasten the presentation of the petitions
from those who wish to Join the regi
ments named. He will suggest that as
some of the companies have already
handed in their petitions such be
mustered in at once without waiting until
all the petitions are in. following the >
plan that was adopted in mustering !
the volunteers during the early part of j
the war. This, it Is expected, will arouse ;
the enthusiasm among those who want
to become National Guardsmen, brit who
of late have been somewhat apathetic.
"Let the young men who want to join see
that we mean business," said the major,
"and, my word for It, they will come in
with a rush." ■
The men who present themselves will
be subjected to an examination, physically, |
almost as strict as was adopted in the
mustering of the volunteers, as it is the
purpose of having as good a class of men,
physically, as can be secured.
Company L of the First has already
handed in its petition. Companies C and
G and and X, all located in the Ellis
street armory, will be ready to turn In
theirs during the next ten days. Com
pany B has also presented its list, while
Companies H, A and I are almost ready
to make a showing. Companies E and M
have been rather slow and it Is stated
that if, in the language of the day, they
' ■■■■■■-■•--■■■■■.
do not "get a move on," others -who are
; willing to Join will be given an oppor
tunity to do so and the two companies
will be left out in the cold. Company 1>
announced that its petition will be in dur
ing the early part of the coming week.
Company F of the Fifth has handed in
Its list of petitioners and it is expected
that in a few days all the other com
panies of the regiment wil have their pa
pers ready to present. _ ,
Colonel Cluff, adjutant on the staff of
tho division commander, has gone l
on a thirty days' leave of absence, and in
his absence. Major Schmitt of the same
staff is attending to the duties of that
office.
The division commander has ordered a
new set of records for his office. One rec
ord will contain the names ef all the
commissioned officers, with a succinct
history of each. In another there will be
a complete roster of every non-commis
sioned officer and enlisted man in the
with such official data as will give
at a glance the standing of each man,
aud a third will contain all monthly,
quarterly and semi-annual reports and
the inspection reports. An effort will be |
made to have all company, regimental
and brigade books to correspond with the
records at division headquarters, so in
future there will not be any confusion In
making up reports.
Sur»eon W. E. Hopkins, surgeon gen
eral on the staff of the commander In
chief tendered his resignation to enable
him to go on a two or three years tour
of the world. It was accepted, and Dr.
John Gallwey, surgeon on the division
ttafT has been promoted by appointment
to fill the vacancy. As yet no one has
been appointed to the vacancy caused by
the promotion of Colonel Gallwey. Colonel j
Hopkins was appointed May 2T>. His pre- i
vlous service was in the United States i
Medical Corps from 1882 until 1890, when he J
resigned. Colonel Gallwey was appointed
on the division staff July *i, 189*3. His
service in the National Guard previous to
that was as major and surgeon of the
Fir*t Infantry from l.« 91 to l^C.
Private C. P. Seymour has been ap
pointed corporal of the signal corps of the |
Second Brfrade, and W. H. Scott has ;
been appointed lance corporal of the same
corps.
Philip C. Knapp. one of the five who en- |
listed from the signal corps of the Second
Brigade Into the Volunteer Signal Corps
that went to Manila, has be«n promoted
to sergeant of the first class. Sergeant i
Knapp Is an active, conscientious soldier. :
and withal a perfect gentleman. The pro
motion was a dewrvod one.
Now that all the officers of the Naval
Militia have returned to their several
posts of duty a renewed spirit In the !
ranks has been noticed during the past
week. There has b^en a larger attend
ance at ihr- drill* and there is a desire to
l.lace th«> organization in the front again.
' The suptrestlon that bus been made ;
that the Naval Militia should be taken
from the States and placed under the ,
care of the Navy Department as a naval ,
reserve or auxiliary navy hns been the
talk of officers and men during 'he past j
few days, and it meets with their full j
approbation. Should this come to pass ;
the men would be assigned to modern |
men-of-war and In a short time they
wouM become up to date In the art of na- i
val warfare, and would be In a condition !
to be assigned to duty at a moment's no- j
tlce in case of need.
CORINTHIANS ENJOY
A CHOWDER CRUISE
SAUSALITO TARS PICNIC AT
MARIN ISLANDS.
Early on Sunday a Southeasterly
Gale Made Things Lively for the
San Francisco Yachtsmen.
The chief yachting events of Saturday
and Sunday were the chowder cruise of
the Corinthians to Paradise Cove, and
the picnic and clambake of the San
Franciscos at Marin Islands.
Between 6 and 8 o'clock on Saturday
evening the following yachts of the San
Francisco fleet left their moorings at
Sausalito on the beginning of the flood
tide and set sail for the upper bay: Vice
Commodore G. T. S. "White's sloop Will o'
the "Wisp, Commodore T. I* Hill's ."loop
Cygnus, A. Sutherland's sloop Catherine, ;
J. R. Savory's sloop Juanlta, and L. Q. I
Haven's sloop Sappho. The wind was j
light, but at various times between 10 and
11 the yachts dropped anchor ofT the
larger island of the Marin group. Visits
were paid to the flagship and then the
crews of all the yachts went on board the
sloop Sappho, where a good time was en-
Joyed until after 1 on Sunday morning.
Somewhere between 3 and 4 in the
morning the wind, which had been from
the north on Saturday night, chopped
round to the southwest, and soon the
yachts were roiling and tossing In a
heavy sea. Commodore Hill got up sail,
intending to seek a calmer anchorage, but
after nearly losing his yawl and getting |
himself and his crew drenched In the
pouring rain he abandoned the attempt.
The Sappho left her first anchorage and
dropped her hook again at a considerable
distance from the shore. _
After a few hours, however, the sky j
cleared and the yachtsmen Trent ashore
to prepare for the clambake. Clams,
green corn and sweet potatoes were sat
isfactorily cooked in an improvised oven, .
and all set to with good appetites. Later
the crew of the Corinthian yacht Cupid
joined their brethren of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club. I
After the feast an early Etart was made
for home, and Sausallto was reached ,
about 4 in the afternoon.
The Corinthians started from Tiburon
Cove on Saturday evening and anchored
in Paradise Cove. A big camp fire was .
built and hot chowder prepared. Oscar ,
Franks Frank Thompson and others en- ,
tertained the party by their singing and ;
the Nouman brothers by their guitar
playing round the camp fire until an
early hour on Sunday morning. About
noon the yachts got under way and
cruised up in the direction of McXear's.
A good breeze brought the boats home in
good time. The cruise was very success
ful and well attended, the following
yachts accompanying Commodore Carl j
Westerfeld's flag ship Aeolus: ex-Com
modore J. W. Pew's sloop Truant, ex-
Commodore "Joe" Tracy's sloop Secret,
Secretary E. B. Lathrop's Pride, ex-
Commodore A. J. Young's sloop Clara,
ex-Commodore George Billings Nixie,
Frank Bartletfs sloop Queen. P. W.
Hurndall's ■ sloop Merope, Breitzmann
Brothers' sloop Cupid, the yawls Spray, j
Nereid and Arcturus, ami the sloops |
Edna, Em! lie, Fred*. Lapwing, Wave,
Rover. Amigo, Mlgnon. Thetis, Lmma
and Ceres. The new boat just built by
Frank Stone of Tiburon for : Hobron of
Honolulu was also out.
Only one mishap attended- the cruise. :
The yawl Arcturus collided with the
sloop Truant, the yawl's Jigger boom was
broken, but no serious injury was done.
The closing days of the various yacht
clubs occur during the present month,
but up to date the yachtsmen show no
•signs of lack of enthusiasm. Indeed, the
San Franclscos follow their commodore ;
better than they did earlier in the season.
The San Francisco* are about to lose
one enthusiastic member and good
yachtsman. A. D. Naylor of the sloop
Twilight is about to leave for the Port
land branch of Balfour. Guthrie & Co. As
he is one of the delegates to the Inter-
Club Association, the San Franciscos will
have to appoint a new delegate to take
his place. ■ '
OUT FOR THE STUFF.
Canadian Authorities Practice Gross
Extortion on the Miners in
in the North.
J. D. Glbbs of this city has Just re
turned from an extended tour through
Alaska and the Klondike territory. While
there he located several claims In the
Atlin Lake mining district, and says that
the recent discoveries in that portion of
the gold-bearing region have caused a
ftneral stampede of miners from the
>y<-a-Skaguay district.
Mr. Gibbs says the Canadian authori
ties are the wr*r?t proposition on earth
for gross, high-handed robbery. The min
ers are handicapped at every turn unless
they hand out exorbitant side fees to the j
officials. At bo rapid a pace has this sort i
of thing been carried on, he says, that
there will be a clash between the authori
ties and the miners this winter unless
methods are rectified. The arrival of a
commissioner, who has been sent by the
Government to ptralghten matters out,
may have the desired effect.
"i met men who possessed all the bold,
fearless qualities of the typical miner,
before they stepped on Canadian soil,"
said the Klondlker, "but now they walk
around wearing a pinched, wan expres
sion, which comes from a constant fear
that at any hour their titles to their
claims may be taken frOm them on some
legal technicality, or for some slight
transgression they may find their prop
erty confiscated."
Lurlinc Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkla »t». Swimming, Ruaalaa, hot
•cd cold tub betbi. water direct from ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBEB 3, 1898.
ENGLISH DOG
FOR FREEDOM
STILL UNBEATEN
Rosette Unable to Do
the Needed Trick.
WINS IN STRAIGHT HEATS
UNION PARK CROWDED WITH
SPECTATORS.
Mac's Melody Captures the Produce
Stake at Ingleside — Exciting
Courses Witnessed by
Thousands.
For Freedom, the speedy importation of
J. H. Rosslter, proved himself still pos
sessed of speed and endurance yesterday
by handily defeating Curtis & Son's black
and white bitch Rosette in two straight
heats. The race attracted nearly five
thousand spectators to Union Park, three
fourths of whom bet on the result of the
match race or picked winners and losers
in the large number of courses run till
dark.
The day was an ideal one for the sport.
Not only was there a briskness in the
atmosphere, but the ground, packed by
the overnight rain and dried by the warm
sunshine, made splendid footing for the
dogs. Not a fluke race was recorded during
the running of the large card, the dogs
winning on their merits alone. Long
courses, grilling courses and twisting
courses were witnessed by the large
crowd and enthusiasm reigned.
As Rosette and For Fredom were led
to their slips for their initial race, their
lithe and muscular bodies, glossy from
the care of their trainers, the crowd
surged to the fence and cheered the dumb
but intelligent animals. Both were In
the finest condition and fit to make a
great race. The dogs were slipped to a
good hare. For Freedom's tremendous
bound gave him a lead in the first twenty
yards and when he reached the prey he
was fully four lengths ahead of his rival.
The English dog cleverly held his
ground until the hare swerved toward i
Rosette, when he shot in front of her and !
nipped the point from Rosette, finishing
the course in his usual brilliant style.
The betting was 5 to 2, with For Freedom
the favorite.
The second race was a repetition of the
first try with the exception that Rosette
improved in her running. For Freedom
led to the prey and gained many points
before Rosette took advantage of a |
wrench and grabbed the little "Jack." i
Judge Bull thought -it was over and |
signaled his red handkerchief, giving For I
Freedom for victory. The crowd was then !
surprised to Bee the hare making for the !
escapes with the "rivals again in hot pur
suit. For Freedom was not to be denied
this time, for he crunched the hare in his
powerful Jaws.
In the opening stake the "short enders" '
had things their war. the following "long '
shots" raising the flag: Montanu, beat '
Highland Ball at 5 to 2. Sandow beat
Eclipse at 6 to 1. Counterfeit beat Santa :
Alicia at 3 to 1, Breach of Promise beat !
Left Bower at 5 to 3 and Wayfarer beat i
Jennie Wilson at 5 to 4.
The course between Eclipse and Sandow
was a startling one. The hare proved an
ideal dodger and led the dogs around the ■
field and the judge's horse for nearly j
three minutes. The score must have been |
a heavy one, judging by the number of :
turns made. Sandow did most of the
work and won the flag, gratifying the
"shortenders" and disappointing the
"talent."
Van Cloie ran well during the day. Her
long course with Moonlight was a featnrt,
but hurt her chances In the next round.
The course between Wayfarer and Jen
nie Wilson was the prettiest of the day. i
In the long race across the field neither j
showed any advantage until close to the ;
hare, when Wayfarer Jumped in the lead ,
and had things his own way.
Van Napp and Glen Rosa had a gruel- ;
Ing course after a dodging hare. Van
Napp showed the best quality at the
start but Glen Rosa's staying powers
gained her the flag.
Van dole was unfortunate In getting
away from her trainer previous to her
course with Hercules, and to save her i
from fagging. Mr. Rossiter ordered his j
trainer to leave For Freedom loose. Al
though this was after his match race the
Nonpareil went out and gained the kill.
In the puppy stake Candelarla beat \
Motto at 5 to 3 and Magneto beat Gold i
Hill at the same odds.
p A McComb and Curtis & Son divided
the' puppy and all-aged stake between
them with Royal Flush and Flush, Mc-
Kinley and Cavalier.
Following are the results:
I'upi'V ptake, second round— F. A. McComb's
Royal Flush beat K. & R. Scott's Daisy Deane: j
J Seggerson's Candalarta . beat F. A. Me- I
Comb's Motto; Ed Wilson's Magnesia beat J.
Seggerson's Gold Hill; F. A. McComb' Flush
• Third round— Royal Flush beat Magnetto; '
Flush beat Candelarla.
Final— Royal Flush and Flush divide the |
stake. .«••«»« . ■_■
Open stake, second round — H. Weber's Mon- '
tana beat Curtis ft Son's Highland Kail: John i
Perlgo's Belle Seward beat S. E. Portal's Light- i
ning- A. Johnson's Llssak beat S. W. Smith's
Crusader; H. R. Baldwin's Forgive beat A.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE FASHIONABLE ADDRESS
DIRECTORY OF CALIFORNIA,
Our SOCIETY BLUE BOOK
FOR THE SEASON OF 1898-99 IS NOW IN PRESS.
I' . tj>/i The Blue Book will be
rtTY "rr -*t i"*""^! fl 111 if/It i printed on tinted enameled
aw 3 in BljSlf I! iJll ll '// / paper, in seven different
m Mm. US j''Kjßj ''KjB -Jilll l l////ff/// shades, each color represent-
.^^ JL. mi iWKW#w ing a department. It will be
w V <»\«\ . Hi llft I W"< fnW-1^ M i^r\ W elegantly bound in blue and
X\Wv\\\\\\UU 'i Inf/v /&'!!//« & / ///$ / 1 iT white cloth covers, with a
v. YW\Oo\\ft\\\\\\\ ilffi//Tyj^JkWi«^Vii';H^«— * il Ji handsome design in pure gold
\ V^^WffAl Wk\FwfttMuffi»?r~?^ lea f on the outside front cover.-
\A^Ml!i MWiWMW/m///// , ' Th e work is being carefully ;
;'-V.^; '-V.^ compiled, and will contain the
N^\VS^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^?P' names, , addresses, reception
- days, etc., of the leading faml-
linS & A 8^ W W -^reßp"i\\\ \^^^^^^ dresses, permanent guests of
/• re 3 ■ \ -<*™BBlffnP3illl^^^^ * ne ' ea(^' n X hotels, diagrams of
fS]i^^B§3 0 f tU\f^KwmtSrr/^ lk^ bers of the three leading
'""r^"^Hßff__rfjSßßt^^^^s^ clubs composed exclush'ely of
. iQ^; W?>x '" "'"' . ment. The names throughout
w &£&yi&Vzx "* «J \ X ""• the book will be arranged
Wk</ *\. -' '\ ■' alphabetically for reference.
, The lists will be closed In
; ' fifteen 1 days. Address any changes In residence or reception days to the publisher.'
The edition will be limited. :-■ In order to secure a copy subscribers will please notuy
the office at • once. •*- Subscription price five dollars. : "i .". r.
W.W. Montague & Co. have secured the inside . front cover at a cost of $100.
The same will be printed In the most elaborate style of the printer's art. ■• > -■*'■-
The printing, binding and art^work'- will be executed by the Mysell-Rolllns Com-
pany, 22 Clay street.
ADDRESS ALL CHANGES 1O
CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher,
225 POST STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
Johnson's Tod Sloan: Eucher kennel's Left
Bower (late Lord Scattercash) beat Kay &
Trant's Klllarney Lass; J. Monkhouse s
Breach of Promise beat J. McKell's Revenge;
M. Nealon's Van Knapp beat J. McGrath s
White Wedgo; Russell & Wilson's Glen Rosa
beat S. W. Smith's Sansouci; J. McCormlclt's
White Lily beat Max Herzog's Little Delight:
Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat Pashu kennel's
Alameda; Larkey & Rock's Hercules beat E. &
E. kennel's Vigilant; M. .Nealon's Van Clol
beat F. Jones' Moonlight; D. Ford's Bonita
beat I. Frank's Telephone Girl; A. Massey's
Lightfoot beat Pasha kennel's Arap&hoe: Cur
tis & Song McKlnley beat R. E. de B. Lopez
Green Valley Maid; H. R. Baldwin's Forget
beat J. Murray's Mary X; J. O'Brien's Sandow
beat Kay & Trant's Eclipse: P. J. O'Ponnell's
Counterfeit beat Pasha kennel's Santa Alicia:
owing to the absence of Eucher kennel's The
Ace of Diamond (late The Gossoon) Trinket
ran a bye; J. H. Perlgo's Wayfarer beat Rus
sell & Wilson's Jennie Wilson.
Third round— Belle Seward beat Montana:
Forgive beat Llssak; Breach of Promise beat
Left Bower: Glen Rosa beat Van Knai>p; Cav
alier beat White Lily; Hercules beat Van Cloie;
Bonita beat Lightfoot; McKinley bent Forget:
Counterfeit beat Sandow; Wayfarer beat
Trinket.
Fourth round— Forgive beat Belle of Seward;
Glen Rosa beat Breach of Promise: Cavalier
beat Hercules: McKlnley beat Bonita; Way
farer beat Counterfeit.
Fifth round— Cavalier beat Forgive: McKln
ley beat Qlen Rosa; Wayfarer a bye.
Sixth round— Cavalier beat Wayfarer.
Final— McKinley and Cavalier divide the
stake.
Consolation stake.first round— Max Herzoe's
Little Delight beat H. R. Baldwin's Forget: R.
E. de B. Lopez' Green Valley Maid beat Pasha
kennel's Arapahoe' 8. W. Smith's Crusader
beat 8. E. Portal's Lightning: M. Nealon's Van
Cloie beat J. McOrath's White Wedge.
Second round— Green Valley Maid beat Little
Delight: Crusader beat Van Cloie.
Final— Green Valley Maid beat Crusader.
MAC'S MELODY WINS
THE PRODUCE STAKE
Several Thousand Spectators Wit
nessed Her Victory at Ingleside
Yesterday.
The great Produce stake given by the
Ingleside Coursing Club was won yester
day in the presence of several thousand
people by Mac's Melody, owned by Bar- j
tele Bros. She gave a great performance ,
and in every course defeated her company
in handy fashion. She bested Victor King
in the finals with a number of points to
spare, and in her race with Statesman
she showed both more foot and cleverness
than the son of Skyrocket. Retina, the
g-ood thing that has been watched by the
early birds at the park in her "work
outs," was defeated by St. Gertrude in
her second course yesterday, but she is
a very promising bitch and will no doubt
be soon a good breadwinner.
There were four stakes decided at tne
park yesterday, and throughout the day
the grand stand and betting ring were
crowded to inconvenience by lovers of the
sport, who were willing to back their con
victions by hard cash. The Produce Con
solation stake went to Liberty . Nell, and (
richly he deserved it, as his trainer sent >
him into the field in first class condition j
to make the race for his life, and as it j
happened in the finals condition .old and
Liberty Bell defeated Flying Faster after
the latter dog did all the scoring in the
early part of the course.
Hadlwist's owner can place another
pair of brackets around hfs dog's name,
as he captured the open stake, defeating
that good little bitch Patria. after she ;
had done another terrible hard day s |
work. Hadlwist should certainly have
won on form, as he Is old and wise, and
never runs wild, but yet the betting public j
decided otherwise, and in the finals Patria ]
after her hard work was selected favorite.
Hadiwist led up and did nearly all the
scoring, much to the delight of the short- ;
enders, who were enabled to cash again
on the old dog at the nice odds of 2 to 1. •
The open consolation stake went to
Meroury, as Seminole was withdrawn by
his owner on account of his being not lit
to run the finals, but old Dakota made
it quite .interesting for a time and was
only shut out by Mercury in the third
Among the short-enders that won were
Liberty Bell at 2 to 1, Victor at 3 to 1 and :
Thad Stevens. Bit of Fashion, Hying
Faster and Victor, all at a few shades
over even money. A peculiar Incident of ,
the day was that in the first twenty-four j
courses twenty-one of the hounds run- j
ning on the white flag won in succession. ,
The results were as follows:
Produce stake— Second round-Russell & WH- :
eon^Vlctor King beat W. O Elmer's , Ineta; |
J. Quane's Thad Stevens beat P. J. £•*?]***■'
Pocket; J. Kerrigan' • St. Gertrude beat Larke> j
and Rocks' Minerva; T. J. Mclnerney s Retina
boat Captain Clarkson's Kerry Gow. J. I.
O-Brlen's Statesman beat Captain C arkson s ,
Conqueror- F. Morals Bit of Fashion beat |
Cartels Bros.' Rest Assured; D. shannon a ;
Soubrette beat T. I. Mclnerney's Nora: Har
tels Bros.' Mac's Melody beat P. Reillj s
Third round— Victor King beat Thad Stevens;
St Gertrude beat Henna: Statesman beat Bit of
Fashion; Mac's Melody ran a bye.
Fourth round— Victor Kin* beat St. Gertrude;
Mac's Melody beat Statesman.
Finals— Mac's Melody beat \ ictor K^ii?.
Produce Consolation stake— Second \ round- .
John Egan's Mayflower beat F. Moran 8 Snap
shot: John Eagan's Billy Gladstone beat T. J. j
CrOßin'a Maid of Ball: Larkey & Rocks Lib
erty Bell beat F. Moran's Royal Prize; F.
Koran's Flying Faster beat P. J. G. Henna's j
F Third round— Liberty Bell beat Mayflower; i
Firing Faster beat Billy Gladstone. .
Finals— Liberty Bell beat Flying Faster.
Open stake— Second round— P. J. G. Kenna's j
Mlra Monte beat T. J. Mclnerney's Johnny R;
Jama Byrne's Mnwhawk beat P. Reiily's
Speculation: A. Hnlgh's Hadiwlst beat J. !
Sheehan's Lass o' Gowrle: O'Neill & Ilanra- \
han's Promise Me beat Lowe & Thompson's ;
Qulckstltch; Handy & Smith's Victor beat J. i
Dean's Mlalmo; • Lowe & Thompson's Patria
beat Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen; P.
Brophy's Bentcia Boy beat Henry Springs Pat
Malloy.
Third round— Mlra Monte beat Mohawk;
Hadiwist beat Promise Me; Patria beat j
Promise Me; Benlola Boy ran a bye.
Fourth round— Had! wist beat Mlra Monte; |
Patria beat Benlcia Boy.
Finals— Hadlwlct beat Patria.
Or*n Consolation stake— First round — O'N'etll
& Hanrahan's Mercury beat P. J. p. Kenna's
SkynaJl; P. J. O. Kenna's Royal Buck beat J.
Murnane'n Flashlight: James Byrne's Seminole
beat O. H. Hook's Obediah; Handy & Smith's |
Ida beat Deckelman & Panario's Pet Klrby. I
Lynch A Maher's Dakota beat D. Cronln's |
BwlnnertOTi.
Second round— Mercury beat Royal Buck; I
Seminole beat Ida: Dakota ran a bye.
Third — Mercury beat Dakota: Seminole
ran a bye.
Finals— Mercury won, as Semlnole was with
drawn by his owners on account of his severe
work.
At Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 25»-There was one
of the largest crowds of the season at
the coursing at Agricultural Park to-day
and the sport was excellent.
One of the incidents of the day was the
presentation of a handsome silver collar
to Orpheum Lass, who holds the place of
lirst favorite at present.
The score was as follows:
nuns off— Stape Munton beat Rosewood,
Hume Rule beat Silver Thorn, Beau Brummel
beat Stella, Orpheum Prince beat Dago, Lady
Wallace beat New Horns, Crow Dog beat Kitty
Scott, Orpheum Lass beat Credit, Sir Jasper
beat Uncle Sum. lielle beat Matinee, Grazer
beat Roaewood a by*. Fleetwoqd beat Reliance,
Doncaster beat Lady Agnes, Bum beat Inno
cent Daisy, Libertine beat Sage, ABC beat
Portia, Moloch beat Amorita.
First ties— Stape Munton beat Home Rule,
Orpheum Prince beat Lirio a bye, Lady Wal
lace beat Crow Dog, Orpheum Lass beat Sir
Jasper, Belle beat Grazer, Fleetwood beat Don
caster, .Libertine beat Bum, Moloch beat A
B C.
Second ties— Orpheum Prince beat Stape
Munton, Lady Wallace beat Orpheum Lass,
Fleetwood beat Belle, Libertine beat Moloch.
Third ties— Lady Wallace beat Orpheum
Prihoe, Fleetwood beat Libertine.
Finals— Lady Wallace won rtrat, with Fleet
wood second. Libertine third.
A NEW PACIFIC LINE.
Meaning of the Present Visit of Dr.
Wiegand, Manager of the North
German Lloyd.
Dr. Wie grand, general manager of the
North German Lloyd, is now. in this city,
en route to Japan, where he will iook Into
the Oriental connections of the North
German Lloyd Steamship Company. Dr.
Wiegantl is acqompanied by his secretary,
Z. Grave, and dustave A. Schwab of the
firm of Oelrionri <& Co., American agents
for the North German Lloyd.
The trip is full of significance. Dr. Wle
gand did not remain any length of time
in New York, but came to this city at
once. He will be here some days, devot
ing most of his time to the examination
of existing- conditions In regard to steam
ship traffic. It is rumored -that the North
German Lloyd ...tends to establish an
other line from San Francisco to Japan,
and that this is the object of the visit of
the manager. At any rate Dr. Wiegand
will make a complete investigation while
in this city and in Japan. The possibility
of a line from Victoria to Japan is more
remote than from this city to the Orient.
In Japan and China the North German
Lloyd has vast business interests. In
September of 1899 a fortnightly i.ne will
be put on from uremen to Japan and
China, instead of the monthly line which
is operating at present. It is known that
the big Bremen Company has been con
templating the establishment of a line
across the Pacific, and this is no doubt
the reason for the manager's present
trip.
HAS GONE TO WASHINGTON.
General Barrett Will Settle Califor*
nia's Claim for Military
Expenses.
Adjutant General Barrett, accompanied
by Colonel Burgin of the Governor's staff,
left last night for Washington, where the
general goes to make a settlement with
the Government for all expenses occurred
in the mustering of the National Guard
into the volunteer service. The State
of California has a claim against the
Government for about $130,000. of this
amount $67,000 is for supplies furnished
the Government by the quartermaster's
and ordnance departments, the remainder
is expense incident to the mustering in of
the State troops, of which the item of
transportation is exceedingly large. Gen
eral Barrett expects to be gone about a
month.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
| [DR. MEYERS & CO.
Established
**||||£S|jj\ Weakness and
DR. MEYERS & CO. HAVE CURED
and restored thousands of rases
which have been abandoned as being
past all earthly nid by other leading
physicians. They have the largest prac-
tice and the best equipped medical Instl-
tlon In America. Every member of the
taff is a graduate from the best medical
colleges In the world. They offer you the
best remedies, methods and appliances
and half a lifetime of practical expe-
rience. s^
Consultation and advice, also pri-
vate book, free at office or by mail.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market Street,
SAX FRANCISCO.
Hours. 3 to 12 daily.
Take Elevator. Evenings, 7to 8.
Sundays, 9 to 11.
Munyon'sHeadacheand Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on tLe market that
will cure every form of Headache In 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's rripsack.' At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c
Beware of Imitations
*^ ]Horcestersliir&&)
JOHN DUNC/N'B SONS, AM its, NF* YORK. --
%^npi i «i w fcJMM*? m^rsKL^f
jaggggz^ pbotoqbafozo THE NEW
f^ra FRENCH
vsTALIS i nth Da.vT^^&^^!Sr[\ iM
THE ABOVE RESULTS. 20Ul Day. ■■'*&&&&
It qojckly and surely re- - _« ™ lMfwc
move* Kervousncss. Impotenc7, I 80 Day.
Nightly Emission?, Evil Dreams,. 1■ ■ • - -■■ ■
Wasting diseases and all effects Of self-abuse at
excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Wards off Insanity
and consumption. Cures when all others mil. Insist
on having VITAI.IS, no other. I Can be carried In
the vest pocket. By ma. 1$ 1 .OO per package or sit
for $5.00 a guarantee to Care or .Refund
the Money. Circular Frco. Address •
CALUMET MEDICINE CO., CHICAGO, ILL
. Sold by Owl Drug < Co.. S. • P.. and : Oakland.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health • and
strength to sexual organs. ■; Depot, 323 Market.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gg| Officer. — How is it you have such sound teeth ?
Recruit.— l chew Battle Ax.
® Officer.— Does Battle Ax preserve the teeth ?
Recruit. — Look at mine. ;^
Did you ever notice how few men who chew
Shave any trouble with their teeth? Battle Ax is a sound
chew : — sound in all its qualities — and men of sound ***
judgment chew it in preference to any other tobacco.
It is more good tobacco for the money than you can S
get in any other way. 2fc
fEPemember the name f
■ v when you buy again, g
SAILBOAD TRAVEL.
fti«I'TIIKKS I'ACiriC COM PANT.
(PACIFIC BVSTSM.)
Train* le»r« start nre <tn« t*> arrive ••
KAN FH.IKCIN( «».
■ (Main Line. Foot ot Market Street)
lkavk — From Sipt. 59. 1898. — arrivx
•OiOO*. Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... »»:4«a
1:00 a Benida, Buiiun and SiwramentO.... 10:43 a
"x«l«.v Mat7£Tille, OroTilleand Redding via
Woodland 3:43?
7:00 a Hniira, VacaTillo and Rutcsey 8:45p
?:J!la Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
<'all»toga and Santa Roes 6:15i-
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Og<l<>ii and Mast.. 8:13p
■ i:««a San Jose, .Stockton. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Maryiivllle,
Üblco. Tehama and Re<i IJluff.... 4114 1 1 p
8:3O» Stockton, Oakdals and Jamestown. . ~:ISr
•8:30 a Milton »7:18r
»:OOa Martinez. Tracy, Lflthrop, Merced *
and Fresno 12:1»P
OiOOa Fr'-sno, Bak»>ntield. B«i.t» Barl.nra.
\: ■■■. :■* Los Angeles, Derail?. £1 Piso,
New Orleans and Haw...'. 6:43p
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tinez 6543p
lO:<KU Vallejo, Martlr.ti and Way Stations 7:45p
•I :OOp Sacramento Hirer S'-'jiii^M •«:«<>!
l:(M»r Niles. San Jose ami Way Buttons ... 11:43 a
San Jose. Nile* and Way Stations... }'J:l3a
S:OOp Xiie*. Tracy, Meodota, iiaof»rd and
Visalia 4:15r
LiTermcre, San Jose, Nilea and War
Stations..,.; tieil»A
iiOOp Martinet, Kan Ramon, Vallejo.
Nnpa, i.'nllatDS*, Xl Vcrr.uo and
SbiiU Ittwa 0:18*
4ioor Benicia, VacaTillc, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marfsville, Uro-
Tlllo ami Sacramento 10:43 a
4:30p Hiiywards, Nilea and San Jose 7:43 a
9:00p Mar. lnez. Tricy. Mrndota, Fresno,
MnJaTe, Sauta Barbara and !.<>•
Angeles 8:43 a
3<oop Santa IV Route. Atlantic JCxpreM
forMojare ami ««st O:4»p
3:SOr Nltsi>, Tracy, JjUbrop. Merced and
' Fresno
3:30p Stockton 12:1
OiOOp Kiiropeau Mail, Ogdeii and Kast.... »:4fli
•8: 00 1- Vallojo 12:15p
P:OOp Vallejo, Port Coeta and Way SU-
tIoUS J»:43P
»iO«p()rp«<m Sacrnmento. Marji-
Tillo. It.- l.lii.n. i-.,i t"u-. .-1 . Fnget
> BimiidsiMl Km>t ;....... *i!3a
SAU LKA.M'RO AM* H\V\\AKI»S 1. (MA 1..
(Foot of Market Street.)
' Helro»e, Seminary Park, 7
8:0Oa Kltfhnqrit, Klnihnmt, V\\ h
•ViOOa San I.rsixlro, South Sun ',„:•'■%?
io.ooa Lean.lro. Estucilllo, !«: i*
♦w'ooi Lorenzo, Therrj - "!«p
* %-a?i» • nd J»:4»P
S'*2L HsjfmnH. «si4rn>
' • oup i Runs through to Kilea. 7:43p
) t From Kilos. I
COASt lUVlsioN (Nsrro»T <.«H«e).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:43a Bant» Cruz KicnmiOD, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Station*. *8:O5 p
8:13 a Neirark,CentciTtu>.San Jo««,Felton,
Boulder Creek, 6anta Oruz and Way
Button* : 3:30?
•Szl3p Newark, CflDterrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations.. *1 O:.lAa
4tlflp Sao Joce, Glen wood War Stations 9:20 a
o4; 1 Bonlder Creek and flacta Cruz Ji>:2QA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7nmSlB FKISCISCO— Toot of Market Strest (Sh? 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. U:O3 ♦3:00 13*03
•1:00 t6:OQ *6:Cop.»i.
yr«m OAILAJD— foot »rßro»4w»T.— *fl:00 8-00 10-00 k M
tl8:C0 . »l:03 -. t8:C0 ■ *3:00 t«:Q3 **.<&*.*.
COAST tM VISION Broad «auire). ~
i ___^ . (Third Mid Tocnuend Stg.) ■•.<-;■
•7:00 a San Jane ami Way Station* (New
•~'"ll -Altuaden Woluendaja only) l:30p
{<:3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Si nt 5 Cruz, * dfi o GroTe and
Principal Way 5tati0n5............. tg : 33i>
0.-OO* Mot, .).„..-. Tna l'ln«>s, Hnnta Crux,
Tacltlc "rore Pa*o Itobles, Sau
Jails Oliispn. Ouadalor^, Surf and
.« .« «,rrlncliwl Way Stations 4.-lOr
!?'!?* sall5 al1 ■''«*••""' «ay .-5ta11,,!.. ; •»:oo 4
\JA X §*° OM •"'' Wm ' Bt»tio.u ... »S:a3A
•a:4Br San Mateo, Redwood, V.enlo Park.
. Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Sau Jose,
' : Olr.iy. Hollißter. Santa ("m?
Sallnaa, Monterey and l'acitia
C.r0v8...  .... ■ *10-39\
•Slinop San.T,«B t^A Way RtatlonV.V.'.V.V.V. "'»!««*
•i!A«C a an -' oae * » Principal Way Station* 0:43%
3:1»OP San .J O9 * «* d Principal Way Station. 6:^*
3:aepSaii.l. Ise»4.nPrlnci».il\V»yStJtlous1 se»4.nPrlnci».il\V»yStJtlous 3:SOj.
tilt-— f Sau .To« e a ,; Way Stations /... 7O»,
■ A for Morning " ' p f or AftM-.ioon. "~
Kundayi ezcepte<l. I Sundays only. ♦ 4Utwr.**-r« only
ioun«.ay« and Mondays. a Sx-nriiiy •■• -«—•--'
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time:
Leave San" Francisco. s:oo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.P.S.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.5.5.11.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.P.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicag0.. ...... 9:00 p. m.^T.F.S.S.iLT.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve ' Superior Meals at Very Reason-
nble Rates.
YOU WILL BE CQMFQPTABI.E
If You Travel on the Santa Fe.
SAI FHAM CISCO TICKET OFFICE— S44 MARKET ST.
V :,: TELEPHONE MAIN 1520.
: Oakland Office— Broadway.
Sacramento OfEcs— 2ol J Street. , .
San' Joso Office— 7 West Santa Glare St.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL. '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot ot Market St. ; *
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. .
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, "970G, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— 9 JO. 11:00 a. m.: 1:10. »:«,
I 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
! . SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a, m. ; 11:43,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:40. 11:10 a. m. 1:40. »:«.
6:CC. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above. - ...
Leave : I Arrive •
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29. » .
Week Sun- 189 S. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7 :30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:44 am
:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:23 an
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, 7:35 pm 6:22pm
Fulton.
7:2oam ■;■•.-; Windsor. 10:25 us
:. - _ ■ Eealdsbure.
Lytton, .
. Geyserville,
2:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22pra
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 8:00 am Ckiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 .
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and . .
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:21 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am SebaatopoL 10:4O-am 10:23
8:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale to*
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
I Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
: Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
! Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
I Bide, Lierley"s Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights.
Hullville. Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport. UsaL
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
' beyond San Rafael at half rates.
1 Ticket Offices, 650 Market «t.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN. .
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. .
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:0,
3:45, 5:1.">. »6:00, 6:30 p. m..
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday*. ■
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. »10:00. »ll:30 a. m.; «1:15.
3:00, «4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO 1
WEEK DAYS— S:23. *6:35. 7:45. *9:30 a. m.;
•12:20 2:20. *3:45, 5:05 p. m. . .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— C:2O. *S:00, *10:00. »11:65 a. m.j
•1:15 *3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m.
Trains marked * start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:33 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 1:20, I:M.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
! stations. -'-. %.--■
8 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. : .
From June 1, IS9S. -tuns will run as follows:
I South-bound. I North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ! Mixed. Passea-
■ ger. - J Sunday i Sunday ger. .
Daily. [Exc'ptd Station!!. Exc'ptd Dally.
7:Joam 9:ooam Stockton 3:4.'>pm 5:40 pr0
I » am 12:50 prn Merced 12:50 3:s3pra.
10:40 am 3 -50 pm '~ Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45pm Hanford 7:45 ami l:2o pm .
2:45 pm 11:50 pm Bakersfleld 2:30 am 10;1j ara
12:C5pm 7:sopm Vlsalia . 6:4oam 12 :aapm
Stopping at intermediate points as required. ■
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ot
i California Navigation and Improvement Com-
i pany, leaving San Francisco and btockton at fl
1 p. m. daily, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
: Cisco- at Merced with stages to and from ■
Bnellings. Couitervllle Yosemite. etc.: also
with stage from Hornitos. Mariposa • etc.: at
Ijankershim.with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. •
: (Via . Sausalito Ferry.) . .
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Sept. 1L 188«:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. ra.. :
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p, m.
Bound trip from Mill Valley. IX. .
THOS COOK' & SON, Agents, d Marks*
street. . San Francisco. -
«^P*ktf[ fM m< ; (ir . for '-ionorrheca,
«- 3 E^^H wK* 1 s> P er °>atorrhoe»;
flfi> ltei.i»T..^| \Vhites, unnatural di?
BZ&3 Qo»» al «a *g chargss. or »ny inaanma-
P>J»'' to stricture. ~" tion. irritation or nlcera-
g^-tfprercc-.a eon-^lon. tion Of mucons mem-
■ , » yHEEvASS ChEUICU do. branes. Non-astringent.
j MACINCINKATI.O BR * old by I»ruKst«».
I^Hf^^ U.S. je&T £ r sent in plain wrapper.
oy ' expreia prepaid {ot
<s MaBSOS^I R-°°', or 3 bottle*, (J. 75.
1 . -^i*s»^B»^ • ■ Circular r?at oa n^osttiALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
EVEN ALAMEDA
LEARNS SOME
NEW TRICKS
Politics Without Any
Precedent.
THE PURISTS MAKE HISTORY
-INDEPENDENT REPUBLICANS"
ARE A PUZZLE.
Frank Jordan Very Carefully Con
tributed a Chapter to the
Novelty of the Interesting
Situation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 2.
As usual, there is a tendency to turn the
fall campaign in this county into on© of
personality rather than party. Individ
uals and not party principles are coming
to the front rapidly, and the ballot which
the voter will have to study will contain
more names than were ever presented to
the electorate on this side of the bay.
There have already been nine conventions
held, each of which has put up a whole
ticket or a part of a ticket. These nin«
aggregations are the Non-Fusion Popu
lists, Independent Republicans, Socialist
Labor party. Republicans, Prohibitionists.
Fusion Populists. Democrats and Silver
Republicans. In addition to these are nu
merous independent candidates, and be
tween them all it is a Chinese puzzle to
distinguish a party demarkatton.
There is one issue between the city and
the county; one between one branch of
the old American Protective Association
and another branch; an Issue between
friends of Hilborn and Metcalf; an issue
between slaters and non-slaters; issue be
tween the young men and the veteran ele
ments; an issue betwen stalwarts and re
:' rmers and purists; an issue between
successful candidates and soreheads; and
all of these apply with equal force to each
. : the multitude of parties, and conse
quently the total number of such "issues"
to be decided at the election is more than
legion. This is why the people are look-
Ing in vain for the old party lines. *
Many innovations in the methods of
calling and conducting a political conven
■ ere learned Friday uight. It was a
ac VoUairea.il exhibition — everything
»m down, but little was built. The
• andro convention was blasted from
the platform, in the platform and on the
The Independents even went far
they tore v> pieces the primaries at
which the San Leandro delegates were
elected. Everything wus wrong, wicked,
ipt and deserving of contempt; but
everything tha L the Independents did or
mid was absolutely right, clean, incor
ruptible and deserving of public confi
dence. It was a revelation to the lobby
to see those well known "Republican" re
formers, Johnny Teague, Walter Burwell,
who was a vice president cf the Maguire
demonstration two weeks ago; Hugh S.
Aldrich John McLeod, who was beaten
in the Democratic convent Ton for Sheriff
a week since; R. H. Larsen, C. A. Sco
viile and others, busy on the floor of the
convention purifying the Republican
party. In his opening speech V. S. North
ey declared In enormous tones that it was
to be a Btrictly Republican convention,
und no one nominated or even connected
with the San Leandro convention was to
rece iv e a particle of support from the au
gust body in Germania Hall. Somehow
or other ' the convention went to pieces
immediately after this great speech, for a
Democrat was nominated for County-
Clerk a Populist was placed in nomina
tor Sheriff, a Populist for Assessor,
a ProhiMtionist for Tax Collector, a Pro
hibitionist for District Attorney, a Popu
r Public Administrator and one or
two Republicans for other offices, while
Democrats or Populists were Indorsed for
Supervisors and the Legislature.
Another entirely new feature in politics
wa.- the method of taking the vote that
was adopted. The chairman declared
here were no proxies, yet out of the
legates called about lX) attended
and in the vote for Coroner there were 260
ts cast. There were but two dele
present from Alameda, yet the En
cinal City voted "twenty-five solid" every
time a ballot was taken. There was not
a single delegate from Washington Town-
D one occasion somebody voted
titeen solid" for somebody, and it
went, as did many other remarkable fea
tures <,f the ri-markahle gathering.
Just why the convention should have
declared itself an independent Republican
convention is not yet clf-ar, for many of
the delegates and candidates had already
knocked at the doors of more or less of
the eifrht previous onventlons, and being
pointed in every lr.siunoe, had de-
I to organize a convention to which
they could open the door for themselves.
Of course there were many good, consci
entious Republicans in the convention,
men who undoubtedly believed that there
Is a demand for a reform in the party
ranks. To a certain extent such a belii-f
Is true, but it can be truthfully said with
out possible ff-ar of contradiction that no
such methods as were adopted to call
and carry on the convention at Germania
Hall will ever appeal to the intelligence
or confidence of the mass of the voters.
Whoever drew up the Independent plat
form was a genius. The kaleidoscopic I
platform Is a truthful reflection of the
convention. Its first paragraph reaffirms \
the principles of the Republican party. !
The purity of elections is extolled. Mr. j
■ ting was condemned — the Southern ;
Pacific likewise. Religious interference in j
politics was scored and the American
Bailor and poldler were justly lauded.
President McKinley's "sagacity, wisdom
and statesmanship" were kindly reviewed ;
and of course the body "insisted" that |
our flag shall wave forever in any place i
where it has once been planted.
Some objection has been raised to the !
"planting" of the (lag, this term gener
ally being considered as meaning the put
ting away of S"n> thing where it exer
cises no more influence on the world ,
above, and surely the convention did not j
mean that. Republicans refer to the I
raising of the flag.
Funny is no word to use In connection
with the following paragraph, reviewed
in the light of the personnel of the con
vention:
"We stand for the honor, integrity and
perpetuity of the Republican party in this
county, and shall oppose to the uttermost
any attempt of corrupt wire-pullers, po
litical bosses and corporations to control
Its primaries or conventions."
This is a beautiful sentiment, but think
of the Maguire vice presidents, the late
rabid Populists, one of whom— a Mr.
Thompson— was nominated for a con
stable somewhere, and others of the
"purists" who were present aa delegates.
Then came a section referring to 'equal
rights to all," etc.. "a government of, by,
and for," etc., and while a debate on this
resolution was in progress the chairman
applied gag law to a Second W ard dele
gate who was so incensed that he picked
up His hat and bolted the whole works.
And while President McKinley's "states
manship" was endorsed civil service was
most generously condemn*, l.
There Is no doubt whatever that the
local Republican party is beset with dan
gers. Blind indeed is the man who can
not see that much dissatisfaction followed
the San Leandro convention, and that un- j
less this dissatisfaction be healed before
November 8, there will be some sore dis
appointments. The same is true of the
so-called fusion ticket. Members of all
three parties that helped to frame that
ticket are dissatisfied and are preparing
to battle against opposing factions at the
polls. There never has been a time when
a stable, independent movement in which
the public could be induced to place con
fidence, faced such an opportunity to be
successful, but it has now passed.
There ax« enough dissatisfied voters to
turn the tide of any ticket or candidate
that has been nominated, and It should
be the duty of the Republican party to
make such a campaign a« will unite these
forces. It is not to be done under the
leadership of a handful of sorehead candi
dates who know no principle other than
i self. It Is not to be done by such a gatn
! ering as was witnessed at Germanla Hall
last Friday ni^ht. It can only be ac
complished under the guidance of strong,
able party men above suspicion and who
have the confidence of the public. There
! are scores of such men in this county.
! At a general election they are always in
evidence, but with that remarkable diffi
dence, the exhibition of which has so hurt
the Republican party they prefer to keep
their hands off matters purely local. If
this element of the party declines to takt>
a hand in this campaign and to work
durinpr the coming five weeks as they
worked prior to the election of McKmley,
then Alameda County may as well com
mence at once packing up the State ban
ner ready to go to some other county.
Frank Jordan ought to win. That is to
say. if diplomacy and all-round grit is
of any value in a Republican campaign.
For about half an hour on Friday night
I the most conspicuous figure at Germanla
Hail was County Clerk Jordan. Now. if
Frank knows anything— and he knows a
great deal— he was well aware that his
friends among the hundred delegates that
attended that convention were not partic
ularly numerous. This, however, did not
i deter Jordan from taking advantage of a
recess to treat his political enemies.
' "Hello, Ward, old boy/ said Frank, ad
dressing the chairman, "take a cigar.
"Hello, old boy," "Hello , old boy —a
dozen times was uttered by Frank, and a
minute later the flower and elite of the
convention were smoking Frank Jordan s
Havanas, while Frank was laughing, nod
ding, shaking hands and being most royal
ly entertained in the house of his enemies.
The result of the ballot on County Clerk
failed to show that Frank had a single
' friend in the house, but I would scorn to
think that all those jolly good fellows,
from Chairman down to the rear
of the hall, will fall to remember the
■ genial and aggressive Frank, and espe
cially his cigars, when they stand with
1 their God and a ballot in the secrecy of
the voting, booths in November.
STUART W. BOOTH.
THE COMPLIMENT RETURNED.
Berkeley Provides the Flags for the
New Ferry-Boat Named After
the College Town.
BERKELEY, Oct. 2.— The university
town has not been slow to appreciate the
action of the Southern Pacific Company
jin calling Its new ferry steamer the
Berkeley.
When it was generally known that the
finest boat ever built to ply between San
, Francisco and Oakland was to be named
after this city, its residents, responding
to the call of President J. W. Richards of
the Board of Trustees, decided to return
I the compliment In the most appropriate
; way possible. This they have done in
i the purchase of a set of three flags which
' will be presented to the Southern Pacific
Company to be used on the steamer. The
flags are made of the very best material
purchased with funds collected by public
subscription. Subscriptions were limlt
1 ed $1 each and the collectors met with a
i liberal response on all sides.
The railway company has notified the
Board of Trustees that the new boat will
be launched at the Union Iron Works in
San Francisco on the 18th of this month.
The City Fathers have been invited to at
tend in a body, and there, on behalf of
Berkeley's residents, they will make a I
formal "presentation of the colors for the i
ferry steamer.
Oakland Church Services.
OAKLAND. Oct. 2.— Rev. Philip Gralf,
D. D., delivered an intersting sermon, the
first of a new series, to-night at the First
Free Baptist Cnurch on "The Glory and
Value of the Bible in a Literary as Well
as in a Religious Light."
"What a Minister Thinks was the
subject of Rev. V. Marshall Law's ser
mon at the Church of the Advent, East
Oakland, this morning. - ,■■-;' •■■ ';
J. W. Bagby, at the Seventh Day Ad
ventist Church, spoke this morning on
"The Dangers of . Ignorance: or There Is
a Way That Seemeth Right Unto a Man,
but the End Thereof Is Death."
Dr. William Alexander of the San
Francisco Theological Seminary occupied
the pulpit at the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church. rr.i_
An interesting sermon on "The Arrest
and Trial of Jesus of Nazareth 1 ' was de
livered by Rev. J. R. Knowell at the Pil
grim Congregational Church to-night.
Rev. John Harmon, the famous preacher
of the Southern Methodist Conference,
delivered this evening's sermon at the
First Christian Church.
Rev C. M. Hill, pastor at the Tenth
Avenue Baptist Church, this evening
spoke on "Vanity Fair and Doubting
C Ue the First Methodist Episcopal
Church Rev. John Harmon spoke this
morning, and to-night Rev. H. M . dv Bose
D D of Nashville, Term., occupied Rev.
■feSffSSta at the First Presby
terian Church to-night spoke on •■Con;
science, or God's Voice In the Soul
This morning the sermon was on The
F^V?cto h ry P Ovefarc'umstances" was the
subject of Rev. Charles R. Brown's ser
mon to-night at the First Congregational
C Re r v. h S W. Bevan of Washington de
livered the evening sermon at the First
Baptist Church, relieving Rev. C. H. Ho
bS Rev AL. Paul of Walnut Grove occu
pied Rev J. W. Phillip's pulpit at the
lecond Congregational Church this morn
ine In the evening the jpastor preached
on "Hiding Behind the Stuff," for busi
ne ? ( Th men p elgn of Universal Peace the
Coming Issue" was Rev. John Blake
weU's subject at ! Trinity Church this
morning. ;j '...:.
Baptist Annual Conference. ;
r»A-K-T s\D Oct 2.— The eighteenth an-
Fast Oakland, beginning on Tuesday and
ny T Pierce Wednesday will be a par-
HPiilkr busy day, when various reports
Uliiiis
Whiskers.
w« qunposedto be a bad shooting scrape
■was suppoeeu t ay - nut . it appears that
SSbJrt VtSaSS. ™S prominent San
Francisco insurance man was hunting on
i^Vv his bunchy whiskers was about to
nf^S by his bunchy whiskers was about to
att"ok J him with a hatchet. Timely inter
ference prevented Injury and no arrest
were made. -
•Rncinal Recreation Club.
AI AMBDA, Oct. 2.-The big handicap
doubles handball tournament which has
been In preparation for some weeks will
commence to-morrow evening in the Ln
clnal Recreation Club's courts. The com
mittee in charge consists of U. M. Brewer
(rhairman), Harry Rider and J. G.
Stubbs The tournament will cover a pe
riod of two months, there being thirteen
teams to play each to be plttfd against
Int other Three games will be played
on three evenings of each week-Monday.
Wednesday and Friday. The team scor
ing the highest number of games will be
declared the winner. Two prizes have
been offered. The first prize will be se
lected by the winners and purchased with
the funds received as entrance fees. The
second will be six months 1 club dues re-
m Tne d 'players and the number of points
they are to play are as follows:
MONDAY NIGHT.
H Rvder and F. Hamma, 32 points, vs. O.
G Lamb and J. Walker. 25 points
A Stratford and G. Dinsmore, 51 points, vs.
Georife N Tyler and S. V. Mitchell, 20 points.
G E GojfPin and J. Masten, 61 points, vs.
F P Royle and W. Ryder, 30 points.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
j Stubbs and J. M. Brewer, 25 points, vs. H.
Marshall and 11. Orr, Si points.
H Gallager and — Grant. 25 points, vs. E.
Innes and I. Gutte, 51 points.
M G Eyre and R. Mes=erole. 30 points, vs.
X Hamilton and J. Larkln, 25 points.
FRIDAI' NIGHT.
H Ryder and F. Hamma, 51 points, vs. O.
N Tyler and S. V. Mitchell. 20 points.
E. Innes and I. Gutte. 51 points, vs. M. G.
Eyre and R. Meserole, 30 points.
G E Goggln and J. Maat^. 51 points, vs. O.
Lamb and J. Walker, 25 poi^t»
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOREB 3, 1896.
MINES' PITCHING
COST ATHLETICS
A GOOD GAME
He Was All Out of
Condition.
RELIEVED BY FITZPATRICK
TWELVE BUNS . -ADE FROM HOI
IN THE THIRD.
The San Jose Aggregation Claims
a Victory by an Easy Score
of Seventeen to
Eight.
By Joe Corbett.
The once famous Athletics met with a
terrible beating at the hands of the San
Joses yesterday afternoon at Recreation
Park, the score registering at the expira
tion of the game 17 to 8 In the latter club's
favor.
The heavy rain of the previous evening
in no way affected the play, but the
pitching of Mr. Hines did affect the
chances of the Athletics, for never since
the consolidation did a pitcher receive
such a drubbing.
Twelve runs were made off him in the
third inning, and after this slaughter he
was prevailed upon to retire m favor of
Fitzpatrick, who did very well, consider
ing the odds against him. Mr. Hines was
easily responsible for the Athletics' de- j
feat, as he was batted all over the park.
Yet, Mr. Hines, in hte first place, should |
never have attempted to pitch. He was
out of condition, and no man can do him- j
self Justice without practice.
It was really a pity to see the way his
feeble attempt at twirling without suf- ;
ficient practice terminated, and it should ]
be a lesson to him in the future. No I
twirler should attempt to fill his position
without first conditioning himself.
The game was a very ragged exhibition
and was won by the San Joses through
their ability to bat Mr. Hines' shoots all j
over the lot.
After they scored their twelve runs in i
the third inning everybody gave the game ;
up as was natural, and despite the noble
efforts of the Athletics toward the latter
part of the contest the lead was too
much to overcome. In fact, the result of
the game was never in doubt.
The score follows:
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. ..... 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Hilderbrandt. r. 1... 6 0 2 0 3 0 0
StulU. a. s 3 0 1 1 3 8 2
rasCvEp 5 2 1 0 0 0 0
Johnston, 3 b 4 2 1 0 0 1 1
McLaughlln. 2 b.... 4 3 2 1 | 3 0
Scott. It> 5 0 10 9 0 0
Ford, c :::::::::::: 8 I I I I 0 2
Hines, p 0 0 0 0 0 . . 1. .; 2
Fitzpatrick. p _3 _0 J> _0 _0 _3 J.
Totals 36 8 10 3 23* 11 8
SAN JOSE. ! V = • •
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken, o. f 5 5 4 1 2 0 .0
Pvne l 1 5 1 1 0 1:1,0
&S:::::::::::i 1 } 1 1 1 0
llill Lf[ II
Weed s 8 4 1 1 1 1 s v
Brocihort, 3 b 1 1 0 0 1 8 0
! Koley. r. I | 2 1 0 « 0 0
j Thomas^ p'^V.r.MX ± 1:1111
Totals 39 17 12 5 27 12 1
•Brockhoff out— by batted ball.
RUNS BY INNINGS. .1 . ' . .
Athletics 0 1 0 0 0 4 0 0 B—B
3P53rS™ ilO 0 0 5,0 0 3-10
Ban Jose >"l 312 0 0 00 1 »-17
S Base hits :::: I « ? o o o o-i *-v
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Thomas I, Hines 8,
Fitzpatrick 1. Home run-McLaughlln. Three-
L,, hit— Pvne. Two base hits— Kent (2), Me
cSfcken. Folev. Sacrifice hit-Weed. Base on
Errors-San Jose 3. Bases on balls— Athletics
' 7 San Jose 8. Left on bases-Athletics 7. San
I Jose". Struck out— By Hlne. 2, by Fitzpat
rick 2 Hit by pitcher-Weed. Wild pitch-
Fiwpatrick. Umpires-Smith and O'Connell.
CAN'T STOP STOCKTON.
The Boys Won Their Sixth Successive
Game Yesterday.
STOCKTON, Oct. Stockton took the
sixth successive game to-day and the
seventh out of nine since the new sched
ule was adopted, by defeating Oakland.
The attendance was light, owing to cold
and Am. The score was:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna. 1 b 4 12 17 10
■p Knell D 5 110 8 10
n! S K m7th, 2% 4 0 0 0 6 3 0
p... « 41 1 0 * 1 i
Bi/uVs/s. 8 4 2 0 0 2 12
•luller. 1. f :::::::: 4 1 2 olio
nice c f 3 10 0 3 10
Harper/ r ' f. ........ 3 2 10 0 0 0
M. White. 8 b j» _1 11111
Totals 35 10 7 2 27 11 6
OAKLAND. "
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 6 0 2 0 110
Schmeer. s. b 5 0 1 0 3 3 2
Lantre 3 b 6 0 0 0 10 1
Hardle. r. 1 5 1 3 0 0 0 1
O'Neil 2 b 4 10 0 13 0
Sullivan, c 8 0 0 0 8 4 2
Bliss, 1 b 3 0 1 0 12 0 0
Moskiman. 1. I 4 0 10 10 0
Russell, p 4 0 11111
Totals 38 2 8 0 27 16 7
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stockton 0 0 8 2 2 0 2 1 0-10
Base hits 0 01220200—7
Oakland 0 0 0000-2
Base hits 2 00101211—8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Russell 6. Two-base
hits— Selna, Moskiman. Three-base hits— Selna,
Knell. Home run— Hardie. Sacrifice hits— Niok
Smith. Lange. First base on errors— Stockton
2, Oakland 3. Left on bases— Stockton 4, Oak
land 1. Bases on — Off Knell 2, off Ruescl]
4. Struck out— By Knell 3, by Russell 8. Hit
by pitcher— Selna, Rice. Time of game— 2
hours. Umpire— D. Creaner. Scorer— A. H.
Harlln.
The Watsonville Game.
WATSONVILLE, Oct. 2.— To-day In the
presence of 2000 peopie, many of whom
were from Santa Cruz and Salinas, the
Watsonville "Babies" defeated the Santa
Cruz Beachcombers by a score of 5 to 2.
Chief Borchers and Dewey Donlln did
the troubling twirling for the respective
nines. Donlln pitched the game of his
life. He struck out fifteen Santa Cruzans.
They made three measley hits off him,
and he walked four to first. Borchers
struck out three, had nine hits off him
and walked four. Both nines made two
runs in the first inning. Wataonville
made one in the sixth and two in the
eighth, and had half an inning to spare.
The work of both nines was almost per
fect, praticularly the battery work of
Donlln and Hartman.
It was the prettiest game ever played
here, and was entirely free from wrang
ling. Josh Rilev played right field for
Watsonville. Charley Sweeney umpired
and he gave entire satisfaction to both
nines. Watsonville is wild to-night over
her victory.
Minor Games.
The Golden Gates defeated the Gamossl
Kids this morning at Eighth and Harri
son streets by the score of 8 to 6.
The Lash's Bitters baseball team de
feated the Falks of Newark yesterday at
I Newark, Cal., by a score of 11 to 7. The
l features of the game was the battery
[ work of Edward Hennessy and David
i Bodie and the heavy hitting of John Bodle
| and Robert Watson of the Lash's Bitters.
The Young Friscos would like to play
any team under 13 years. Address all
challenges to R. B. Vellage, 957 Harrison
street.
"Junior Midgets" Defeated.
A Juvenile game of base ball was played
j'esterday between the "Frlscos" and
"Junior Midgets." The former brought
home the trophy, having sixteen tallies to
the latter's eleven. T. McKay was in the
box for the "Friscos" and F. Dunphy be
hind the bat.
A Twelve-Inning Game.
The "Altos" met their defeat at the
hands of the Owl Drug Company base
ball team yesterday on a lot at .Sixteenth
and Folsom. There were twelve innings
played. Score, 8 to 7. The feature of
the day was the remarkable playing ot
Brickhoff and Boradou.
SHELL MOUND RIFLEMEN.
The Deutscher Krieger Verein Has
Taken Up Bullseye Matches.
Although only a few clubs held forth on
the Shell Mound range yesterday, those
who were present seemed to enjoy them
selves at their favorite sport. For the
first time since its organization the
Deutscher Krieger Verein held a bullseye
shoot for cash prizes, in addition to the
class medal contest. In this the first prize
fell to the bullseye made by C. Weggen
mann with 319 points, as shown by the
measuring machine. Second, F. Kaiser
431- third X. Selberzen 6i9; fourth,
George Hetzel 1170; fifth, F. Mehler 1695;
sixth C. Meier 2175. The class medal con
test was twenty shots on the Crerman
ring target and the high men were the
following:
Champion elaas, C. Wegrgenmann 415; first
class F. Kaiser 370; second class. John Bender
860- third class, A. Frunke 305; best first shot,
C Weggenmann 22; best last shot. George
Hetzel 21.
The regular monthly ohoot of the In
dependent Rifles with military muskets
on the Blount target, gave the following
results:
Sergeant C. Snelder 35, William Sohneider 34.
Sergeant C. H. Kornbeck 34, R. A. Morris 34,
C. Iverson 27, Charles Gilberson 37.
The First and Second divisions of the
Naval Militia held their monthly class
medal shoot. Th© members use the Lee
musket, ten Bhot scores on the Blount
military target, 200 yards. The scores
stood as follows:
Lindecker 39. Holdridga 27. Burns 3S. Ham
mond 32. Thiel 36, Markle 16, Murphy 29,
Nickle 18, Paris 31, McCabe 21. Bob 31, Mc-
Kee 29 Sandy 24, Kenny 23, Qentoso 24, Blake
82, Butte 21. Harris 37. Quinlan 36.
Walhalla Bebekah Lodge.
There was a large attendance last night
in the hall of Walhalla Rebekah Lodge
in the I. O. O. F. building to enjoy the
entertainment given by that lodge, which
consisted of vocal selections by J.
Schuellher. Juliet Grenninger and Pfaef
fle, instrumental music by Louis Gelss, H.
Sonnenberg, Miss Maurer, Miss Perman
and Miss Frederichs, and an exhibition of
fancy dancing by Miss Belle Webber.
This was followed by dancing and the
serving of ice cream.
Delegate to the Y. M. I.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 2.— City Recorder A.
F. St. Sure left to-day for St. Louis to
attend the national convention of the
Young Men's Institute. The Judge was
chosen a delegate by the recent conven
tion of the State Y. M. 1., which met ia
San Jose. Mrs. St. Sure accompanied
him. They expect to remain away for
three weeks. Justice H. T. Morris will
fill the office of City Recorder during
Judge St. Sure's absence.
Briggs May Be Aquitted.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— The impression pre
vails tonight that Rev. Dr. Briggs has
been acquitted. The Pacific Coast Con
ference of the M. E. Church South will
adjourn to-morrow night, and at the
morning session the Jury's verdict will be
announced. The jurors still observe the
strictest secrecy. The new appointments
of ministers will be announced in the af
ternoon.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Louisa. Otto and G. A. Mauerhan to Robert
W Otto lot on N line of Waller street. 167:6
w'of Buchanan, W 25 by N f 120; *10.
Charles E. Bancroft to Miriam F. Bancroft,
lot on S line of Green street. 56:6 E of Scott,
F 27 by S 127:6; also lot on 8 line of Green
street, 110:6 E of Scott E 27 by S 137:6; also
right of way commencing on E line of Scott
"treet. 137:6 S of Green. 3 110:6 by S 10: gift.
Luer Bothe to Clarence and Sarah >.. Coogan,
lot on E line of Broderick street, 112 :6 >. of
Elite. N 25 by E 112:6; $2800.
W. H. and Harriet S. Maxson to Sarah A.
Reeves, lot commencing 65 N of NW corner of
Twenty-sixth and Valencia streets. N 80 by
Sarah A. Reeves to Ella J. Barrows, »m«; »L
William Kerr Company (a corporation) to
Samuel O. Murphy, undivided H lot on S. line
of Lombard street. 137:6 E of Montgomery, E
18 Rfcharcf D. and Sarah A. Chandler to same,
"^^^en^lokn* s^ A. C. Free... admin
f«»r«tor> to J. D. Smiley, lot on SE corner of
Broadway and Jones street. S 60 by E 47; $2100
Pauline B Morrill to Grace E. Morrlll. lot
on E line of Hyde street. 137:8 N of Eddy. N
25 G by F E and : H. g ft 'Gray to San Francisco Brick
Company, block 14, Map A, Castro Street Ad-
Odd ; FelioW Cemetery Association to Mrs.
Pauline Abbott, lot 7. Pacific Section; $135.
Alameda County.
Thomas Bridge to Albert S. Woodbrldge, lot
on 8 line of Fourteenth avenue. 209:4 W from
NW line of Nineteenth avenue: thence W 80,
8 160 to NW line Nineteenth avenue; thence NE
89:1 to a point distant 115:4 S from point of be
slnnlniT on a line drawn at right angles to
fourteenth avenue: thence X 115:4 to begtnn ing
being portion Highland Park: also lot on b line
of Fourteenth- avenue. 206 E from NE line of
Fast Twenty-fourth street, E 40, S 150.4 v\ 40,
¥£° s&«f.nTt««s # £
Br a cob yn I rtcn^d ( by tax collector) to B.
Kelsey lot T block D. OaskiU Tract, tax deed,
°Same' A a me: fame, tax deed. Oakland An
ne: Kelsey to Christina Frahm. lot 1, block
D Oflßkill Tract, Oakland Annex; $o. ■ iota
h«m I Houihton-to D. McMullen, lot 9
Srvov No 809. known as Redwood road;
thence SB 681.60 by SW 110.25. being lots 25 to
9? Bond Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
2 W B Pond to H. C. Campbell (trustees for
T E Pope) to San Francisco Savings Union,
! T oV?n Earner of East Twenty-second st^
SSO, S\V 150. SE w». o Northern Addition to
P e rooknn g 'trii £e< deed. East Oakland- $1000.
t Th^Sin. Jwlfe of H. C), lot on SW corner
Orchard and Summit streets. W 100 by S
90 block A Ames Tract, Oakland; $10.
FT Barlow. R. and Josephine Ormeto J.
t i-nmnirie lot on S line of Nolan or Thirty
thl^fSt?eef' 116-3 E of Market, E 25. S 86.94. W
25 N 87 F to beginning, being the W half of lot
3 block H, map of property of Central Land
y A°?vnaugheTD. M. and Mrs. D. M.
Fraßer and George D. Klerulff (by commls-
Pionpr) to F. W. Weyhe. lot on SW corner of
East' Seventeenth street and Eleventh avenue,
S 150 by w 150. block 87, Clinton, East Oak
la s d 's $1 A 2 ustln to J. E. Curtis, lot 4. Bio Grande
Tract. Brooklyn Township: $10. _
Oakland Ix>an and Investment Company to
R O Gray lots 1 to 11. Map of Baker subdi
vision, lot 1. yoakum Tract, subject to a mort
gage for $3000. Brooklyn Township: $10.
George Douglass to Helen E. Lehmann lot
nn N line of Washing*"" street, 50 W of Bas
sett W 50 by N 125, being lots 31.32. Map of
Phillips resubdivlsion of block 773, Levy Tract.
Brooklyn Township: $10.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Oct. 2.-6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 68; R p d Bluff. 68; Sacramento, 62;
Fresno 64; San Luis Oblspo, 64; Independence,
6f, Los Angeles. 70; San Diego, 66; Yuma, 82.
San Frnncieco data— Maximum temperature,
69- minimum, 51; mean, 55.
WFATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather 1b cloudy and threatening over
the Pacific Coast States, except In Southern
California and Arizona. Light rain has fallen
in Western Washington, Western Oregon,
Northwestern Nevada and California as far
south as'Fresno during the day. The rain will
continue in showers to-night and the greater
I portion of Monday as far south as the Te-
l The iP pressure is rising over the entire coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains.
The temperatures are very low over the
plateau region and in Montana. In Montana
snow is falling and the temperature this even
ing is below the freezing point.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight October 3. 1898:
Northern California — Showers to-night and
Monday, clearing Monday; fresh west wind.
Southern California— Fair, except partly
cloudy and somewhat threatening in the moun
tain regions of the northern portion Monday;
I fresh west wind.
Nevada — Showers Monday; enow In the moun-
rtah— Showers Monday, with snow In the
mountains; cooler.
Arizona— Showers in north portion Monday.
San Francisco and vtcinfty— Cloudy, with
probably showers to-night and Monday; fresh
west wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals — Clear; wind
west, 24 miles; temperature, 48; maximum tem
perature, 61. a. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
October, 1898.
Fr.
7
11
■ 1
8
15
IT
Moon's Phases.
<CT-L.ast Quarter,
*& October 7,
jHjy - New Moon.
Vi/ October 15.
-jk First Quarter,
W October 22.
©Full Moon,
October 29.
\ V
Li
20
21
23
1.
2a
JL
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf* about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. OCTOBER 3.
Sun rises 6 ; 07
Sun sets 6:50
Moon rises 7:43 p. m.
0 Time Timel Tlme| Time
p Feet. Feet. Feet. Feet.
»HW LW HW L. W _
~3 202 4.2 6:46 2.6 1:00 6.4 7:57 0.1
4 304 3.9 7:22 3.0 1:36 6.2 8:48 0.3
5 4-16 3.6 8:04 3.2 2:14 5.0 9:44 0.5
6 6-40 3.7 9:06 3.4 2:57 4.7 10:41 "0.7
7 6-59 3.9 10:34 3.6 4:00 4.2 11:37 0.8
8 7:50 4.1 12:03 8.4 5:24 4.0
Ja W H W L W |H W
9 0:28 1.0 8:19 4.8| 1:14 B.l| 6:45 4.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tido
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey chartß, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low watera.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Curacao JPußet Bound I
Charles Nelson. Ti_'get Sound !
Chllkat IHumboldt
South Portland. [Portland
Weeott TUlamook Bay
' Navarro Yaquina Bay
Del Norte Crescent City
Empire Coos Bay
National City... Oregon Ports
Alliance Portland
Arcata Coos Bay
Senator [Manila
Corona San Diego
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound
Titanla Nanalmo
Pomona Humboldt
North Fork IHumboldt
Cleveland iSt. Michael
Geo. W. Elder.. l Portland
Grace Dollar.... iTaqulna Bay
Homer INewport
Mlneola Tacoma
Columbia 'Portland
> Aztec IChlna and Japan
I Newport Manila
! Santa Rosa (San Diego
City of Panama; Panama
Orizaba I Mexl co !
Walla Walla.... 'Victoria & Puget Sound!
Del Norte [Crescent City !
:.
..
'..
:•
:•
:•
: .
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. Sails. j Pier.
UmatUla ... Vie & Pirt Sd. Oct. 3. 10 amiPler 9
Chllkat Humboldt .... Oct. 8. 2 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. 4. 9 am Pier 11
State of Cal Portland |Oct. 4. 10 am Pier 24
Navarro ... Yaquina Bay.l Oct. 4,12 m Pier IS
Weeott [Tillamook [Oct. 4, 6 pm: Pier 13
Alliance ...[Oregon Ports. ; Oct. 4, 9am Pier 20
Alameda ...ISydney Oct. 5, 2 pm Pier 7
Arcata iCoos Bay [Oct. 6, 10 am Pier 18
Corona !San Diego ,Oct. 6, 11 aml'ier 11
Pomona 'Humboldt — [Oct. 6. 2 pm'Pler 9
G. "W. Elder, Portland )Oct. 7, 10 am P'.er 24
Homer ! Newport |Oct. 8. 9 ami Pier 11
Queen |Vlc & Pf?t Sd. lOct. 8. 10 am '■ Pier 9
San Blas....!Pannma !Oet. 8, 12 m'PMSS
Columbia ..IPortland !Oct. 10, 10 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Salts.
Vie
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographio
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
I mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
~^—' —■—i——i
a Gibbon Dispensary,
625 KEARNT ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoclorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
guaranteed. Callorwrita.
Dr. J. I. «IBBO>, Box 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
hk Steamers leave Broadway
tsJlxsiita^ wharf, Pan Francisco:
' Pft^lsSSl^. For Alaskan ports 10 a, m..
Iwfwff'ftk Oct. S. S, 13. IS, 23, 28, Nov. 2,
■ IK. Esd\l£ss transfer at Seattle.
■ PI®SJI For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
raßQjflU C 1 Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^^H^Hfl Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom ash.), 10
m.. Oct. 3, 13, 18. 23. 28 Nov.
d ;/or hesTnr tCru|. rf Monterey. San Simeon.
mmmm
CVF^ Ens rinada y& eafena Bay, San Jose del
m^«r h fiirther Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
wUhout p^vious notice steamers, sailing dates
a fICKET OFFf OB -4 New Montgomery
8t GOODALL Cep"RKINS & CO.. Gen Arts..
GOO"A ' 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
. THE 0. R. &N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 512 First Class Including Berths
rAHE $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California... fept. «5
Pnlnirhla Sept. Z3. Oct. 1
Through' Tickets sold to all points in Oregon.
Washington. Idaho. Montana and the East.
wasmnßiuu. c. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
QOODALL, PERfcmS r& t CO..
Coinpagnle Generate Transatlantlque.
French Line to Havre.
Company pier (new) .42 North >^«a^.
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <2jOT!S
by this line avoid both transit by^**H**>
Encll?h rail >-r and the discomfort of crossing
the channel <r a small boat. New York to
Alexandria? • - .pt. via Paris, first class. $140;
LTTO^RAi^n 6:..... .:...Oct. 8. 10 a. m.
LA TOTHAIN'E 8- }$ *• m-
LA n5va^k^:::::::::::::::8cI 15 10 a. m.
T A NU'ARRK Oct- 22- 10 °~ m-
LANORMANDIE Oet 29 Mla. m.
LA TOURAINE • Nov. 6, 10 a. m.
■ For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQTJE ' Nof 'Bowling: Green, New -York.
No 8 Bowling Green. New York.
J F ' FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 6 Montgomery
'avenue. San Francisco. - -
rasßflfl Tne s: s- alameda
i»W"Bs^D^EaHß*iE Ba-^ 8 r'a Honolulu and
;Er iTsS'lt • Auckland for ss ydnev
■ft J»SS ¥*S»^ Wednesday, October 5,
PPBsanMßfli The 8. AUSTRALIA
!&IIHBE sans v!a Horo!u'u and
■IF WIaBBW Auckland for Sydney
U Wednesday, October 5,
■t •^T^N at 2 a- m-
8- q- AUSTRALIA
G)!wHllJlllK Falls for Honolulu only
'sKseSs*^ 7?>mFl7H7l.L*^>dnet 'aa 3'- October 1».
'clzs*^! ''- lyllipU!t^ a t 2p.lm. ,' ■ r
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa. -"•" ': '
J D SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.
■ .'• . ' -- ■< : .114 Montgomery st. .
Freight ' office— Market .St.; San Francisco. ■
BAT AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
TobIY NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
. '- --; Steamer "Montlcello."
Mnn Tuea.. Wed., Thure. and 5at............
9^45 a. m..-8:U p. m. (8:80 p.: m. ex. Than.)
Fridays. ....■•••--••••! P- m- and 8:S0 p. 18.
yV....................15:» a. m. and » p. m
tending and offices—Mlssrton Dock. .Pl«r «.
T«l*phon* Red. nil. ' ,
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY, TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO. I Clay street Wharf. Far* Tie. |
Delightful Bay i Trip, 44 ■ miles f and c return.,
Pn Sundays. Excursion. V / _ ,
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hotsted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following doy.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 8.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 14 hours from Albion.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. 68 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 43 hours.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, 90 hours from
Departure Bay.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 86 hours from New
port.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, 22 days from Pan
ama, etc.
Ship Lucile, Anderson, 6*4 days from Seattle.
Bark Big Bonanza, Bargman, 7H days from
Seattle.
Schr Czar, Hutman, 42 days from Guaymas.
Schr Julia F Whalen, Olsen, 49 days from
Amapala.
Schr Anna, Ipsen, 22 days from Bering Sea.
Schr H C Wright, Olsen, 12 days frm Taco
ma.
Pchr Monterey, Beck, 17 hours from Bowens
Landing.
SAILED.
Sunda£ October J.
Stmr Centennial, Whitney, Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett. Ventura.
Bark Edward May. Backus, Sydney.
Bktn Willie R Hume, Brown, Santa Rosalia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROCLAMATION,
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. July 30th. 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of :
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
nlng on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1837,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE,
fßelne Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the ;
State of California an amendment to section |
eighteen of article eleven of the Constltu- i
tion in relation to revenue and taxation, by i
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township, :
board of education or school district shall in- |
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man- i
ncr or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an :
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as it fall 9
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and i
County of San Francisco may at any time pay j
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for j
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds or the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Btate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
\-ldlng for the framing by the inhabitants of.
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7H. The inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if .here be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall ne
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A coDi' of such county government act. certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors "or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
settini? forth the submission of such county
government act to th- elector* an* its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
•state the other, after being recorded in the
office of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
amone the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In ft newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
rroved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
nnv alternative article or proposition may be
p?e«ented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ct It er <haU be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which 'the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
he elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have.
'  f or the compensation payable to each of
such demUles, for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
ele-ted or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches-
pleo to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may in addition determine the
te*ts and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any county has, in the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
nforeoaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providta* for the uniformity
of a. evstem of county governments throughout
the Pt ate and likewise providing for the elec-
t on and appointment of officers and the repu-
laHon of thVir compensation shall not apply
Said county government act shall as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subiect to any law or amendment enacted by
the T eelslature. except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44. )
A resolution proposing to the people of the
•state of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
orcanlzatlon of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 5Vt. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court.
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
irs judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March;
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday In July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Phelps Landing.
Schr Queen, Edwardsen, Klawack.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS— Oct. 2, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind SVfe; velocity S miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Bristol— Left in port— Br stmr Welling
ton, for San Francisco; ship Louis Walsh, for
San Francisco; bark Chas B Kenney, for
Honolulu; ship Glory of the Seas, for Comox.
Per Coos Bay— Oct 2, fi:3o a m, sighted stmr
Whltesbo.ro, about 2 miles east of Santa Crux
Point with part of lumber raft 75 feet long,
holding raft off beach: wind SE from Santa
Cruz to 3 miles WNW of Pigeon Point: numer
ous stray piles. At 10:15 a m sighted part of
log raft 3 miles WNW of Pigeon Point; length
of raft about 40fl feet; raft breaking up gradu
ally; westerly swell; light NW wind.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA- Arrived Oct 2— Stmr South Coast,
from San Pedro.
Sailed Oct 2— Stmr South Coast.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Brunswick,
hence Sept 2^: stmr Pomona, nonce Oct 1.
PORT ANGELES— CIeared Oct I— Bktn Jane
A Falkinburs. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr Pasadena,
from Eureka; schr F S Redneld, from Port
Lurllow.
NKAH BAY— Passed Oct 2— Stmr Lakme, he
Sept 27 for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 2— Ship Dirigo, hence
Sept 19.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 2— Stmr Hueneme.
Arrived Oct 2— Schr Twilight, fm San Pedro.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct 2— Stmr Farallon, for
Dyea; Jap stmr K'nshu Mara, for Hongkong.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 2-Ship J B Walk
er ,from Kobe via Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMSHIPS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 2— Stmr La Tour
aine, from Havre; stmr Nomadic, from Liver
pool.
LlZAßD— Passed Oct 2— Stmr La Nonnandie,
from New York for Havre.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Oct 3— Stmr Campa
nia, from Liverpool for New York.
the second Monday of November of each year
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
on? nf re IVe thelr actual expenses, to be paid
™« t . c , *. enera L fun <l of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
%.*? rsanize such court, to provide the pro-
of this thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 87.)
A * res ? tl ? a t0 Propose to the people of the
t£ .i California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
bection 5&. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 86.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the"
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
; read as follows:
[ Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
i elected at the same time and place and In the
! same manner as the Governor, and his term of
j office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
1 inability to discharge the powers and duties of
i his office, resignation or absence from the
; State, the pewers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
, residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
! cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
: Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
i <}apab!e of performing the duties of his office,
! or be absent from the State, the president pro
Ltempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
I be filled at , the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
I ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
] ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being -Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, In
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read a*
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two - houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation, 1
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within thl limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-'flve days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the;
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
•'An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. 1383.
the above-described proposed amendments are,
hereby published • and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at. the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following;
words, whereupon the voter may express hi*
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its- — — .
water works from the provisions of • No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred). .
For the Amendment? ; l r
Amendment Number Two. being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county- ,
government '■ act* by inhabitants of Na
> counties for their government).
For the Amendment? .
Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
ate Constitutional : Amendment No.
■ ■ 44 (providing ; for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of — — .
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation). --.
For the Amendment? \:
Amendment Number Four, being As- f ' ,
.- sembly Constitutional Amendment
; No. •37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or-- .
ganized, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For. the Amendment? . I'
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly ; Constitutional Amendment
No. 3fi (relating to office of Governor. Tea
providing for succession thereto In •
certain cases and removing disability No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding . ' *-.s>..
• other office during term).
For the Amendment? I ,
Amendment Number Six. being Assem-
bly Constitutional : Amendment : No. 38 Tea
(relating ' to - and • defining , Grammar i
. Schools). . ' N«j|
, For the Amendment? ■-■ . \
Amendment Number Seven, being As- '
sembly ■ Constitutional Amendment
No. !34 : (providing for adjournment of Ye*
' Legislature for ■ not • less than . thirty • ■ -
nor more than sixty days during each Na
■session). : •
- For the Amendment? : \.\- : ■
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the.
State ' of California, the ■ day ' and year hereto
first above written. >. ■:-■-• ;•■-■ : : ,;
>->;-.<-,: JAMES H. ■- BUDD, - Governor.
Attest: L. 11. BROWN. Secretary of State.
tBEAL.i
78
TREACHEROUS
ACTS OF THE
SPANIARDS
Private Apitz Gives
Some Incidents.
RED CROSS FIRED UPON
LIEUTENANT OBD SHOT BY A
DON HE WAS AIDING.
Sharpshooters Picked Off Men Who
Were Helping the Wounded
and Then Attacked the
Hospital.
Private W. F. Ajrttz of Company C,
Sixth United States Infantry' Is here on
a furlough while recovering from a wound
received at the battle of San Juan Hill,
and recounts some astounding tales of the
murderous treachery of the Sapniards.
Mr. Apttz was shot in the hand while tak
ing a wounded man from the field after
the battle, and says that the Spaniards
had no hesitancy about firing on the Red
Cross, and even attacked the hospital.
"The most wanton incident which came
to my notice," said Apitz, "was the mur
der of First Lieutenant Ord of my com
pany. The lieutenant stooped over a
wounded Spaniard to sec if he could be of
any assistance to him, and finding his
lips parched offered his canteen. The
Spaniard pulled a revolver and shot Lieu
tenant Ord in the forehead. He stag
gered back a few steps and fell de«ad. The
affair v.-as seen by a private from the
Sixteenth Regulars, and without a mo
ment's hesitation he placed his gun at the
murderous Spaniard's head and avenged
the lieutenant. Mr. Ord was a fine gen- i
tleman and officer, and the men under ]
him admired him greatly. He formerly j
lived in California, i understand, and has
a younger brother attending school in this
city now.
"The death of Lieutenant Ord is only
one incident of the many. The Spaniards
would fire on the Red Cross, but knowing
that it was sacred to the boys in bHie ]
had their firing line covered with the ;
lied Cross flags. The night after the bat- i
tie at San Juan when we went out to
bring in the dead and wounded the Span- !
iards had sharphooters stationed in trees ;
.and these were constantly trying to pick j
us off. though they know the nature of I
our mission. A number of the boys were |
shot in this manner and when it became I
too monotonous a guard was sent out and
f the sharpshooters received
their reward.
"Late that same night an attack was i
made upon the hospital. Not an open at- I
tack, but the Spaniards wouM creep up j
O£ close as they could without too muen ■
danger to their precious selves and pick j
men as they lay in their ;
beds and shoot down the doctors and the i
men who were nursing them. A i-egf
meni of colored cavalry was sent out t<wj
protect the- hospital, finally, and easilyn
put the skulking Spaniards to rout.
"The American soldier has considerable ,
contempt for the Spaniard on account of
his lack of bravery. The only real stand
re our army was that wh<*n :
the Rough Riders attacked the Spanish '
. and then the number of Spaniards
was so much greater than our forces and j
their position so much better that they i
deserve no credit for braver:.-. In every
engagement or skirmish which our regl- j
ment participated in the Spaniards would I
make a running fight. They would re- |
treat from one block house' to another
and never Btood their ground, so we came
to look upon them as arrant cowards.
"The Cubans are thought as little of '
by Uncle Sam's boys as the Spaniards.
About all they did was to eat our food !
and we hnd to be on the lookout contin- i
ually to see that they did not steal our !
rations.
"In marked contrast toaour treatment
by the Spaniards was their treatment
by us. I was brought home on the hos
pital ship Olivette and a number
of wounded Spaniards from the Maria
Theresa were tak--n aboard her.» They
seemed in constant fear that they were
going to be killed. When offered food
they at first refused 'A. but when finally
persuaded to partake of it were surprised
to find that it was not poisoned. One of
thr-m who spoke a little English expressed
to me his surprise at the excellent treat
ment we gay» our prisoners."
MARTIN REPUBLICANS.
Friends of the Well-Known Native
Son Organize in His Behalf.
As an evidence of the popularity of one
of California's Native Sons, a club was
organized on Saturday evening last in the
Thirtieth Assembly District under the
title of the Henry S. Martin Republican
Club of the Thirtieth District. A large
and enthusiastic audience was present to
listen to orations from local political
speakers, as well as songs, recitations
and funny stories. A roll was opened and
about eighty signatures were attached.
J. Smith was elected president and
Frank Miller, vice president; P. Sweeney.
secretary, and T. Morgan, sergeant at
arms. Following is the executive com
mittee: R. H. Heffernan, E. Finn, Wil
liam Linehan, J. J. Kelly and J. Green
wood.
The club unanimously indorsed for
Sheriff Henry S. Martin; for Congress for
the Fourth District, Julius Kahn, and for
Assemblyman from the Thirtieth District
I*. A Devoto. After three rousing cheers
for the Republican ticket the club ad
journed to the call of the chairman.
. -o. .
United States Should Shelter Them.
Dr. E. A. "Wood of the First Baptist
Church, on Kddy street, preached last
evening on the Philippine Islands. He
3id not advocate that the United States
should permanently retain the Spanish
possessions, but contended that they
should be released to some other power
than Spain. He paid:
"I compare the position of -.ie United
Statos at the present time to that of the
neighbor who has interfered in behalf of
a boy who has been continually beaten by
an unmerciful parent. The neighbor
whips the parent, and in order to pre
serve th fi boy's hide from future torture
he has taken possession of the lad. We
have the Spanish possessions and there
is but one course remaining, either to
adopt them or to turn them over under
proper protection. By all mean? do not
give them 1 ack to Spain; she has kept
them in dismal ignorance by her religious
tyrany far long enough."
Heady for the Iray.
The Republican Alliance of Oakland Is
up In line for the November fight. This
is their fifteenth year of faithful service
to ihe party of Lincoln. Grant. Garfield,
Blame, Harrison and McKlnley.
They have established themselves at
Elite Hall, on the northeast corner of
Twelfth and • ftbster streets, where a
delightful houpe warming has been ar
■i for Tuesday, October 4. The of
ficers are: G. R. Lukens, president; L. L.
Bromwell, first vice president; J. H.
Ames, second vice president; R. J. Boyer,
cial secretary; ... K. Grjfnth, cor
responding secretary; Martson Campbell,
recording secretary; Fclton Taylor, treas
urer, and Colonel W. C. Little, com
mnnder.
The Gospel in Africa.
A deeply interested congregation listen
ed for an hour and a haif last evening to
Rev. William S. Bannerman at the How
ard Presbyterian Church, corner of Baker
and Oak streets.
Dr. Bnnnerman has recently returned
after seven years of missionary' work
among the aboriginal Africans of French
Congo, on the west coast of Africa. He
was one of the twelve brave spirits of the
Presbyterian Missionary Society who in
ISM left the United States and penetrated
the country of the fierce cannibalistic
tribes of the weit coast that before that
time had repelled every Invasion of their
territory that the whites had attempted.
Their attempts to tea-ch the gospel to
WILL COMMAND THE
SPEEDY FARRAGUT
LIEUTENANT R. F. NICHOLSON.
The men representing the builders,
her until she Is accepted by the Govern]
bay course again to-day.
Lieutenant Nicholson, who. it is said, has been assigned to her at
his own request, entered Annapolis Naval Academy in 1869, He was
made midshipman three years later; ensign In 1874 and lieutenant
(junior grade) in 1883. being advanced to a lieutenancy In 1886. He
was ordered to the Monterey in 1893; Thetis In 1895 and the Oregon
In 1897.
these wild tribesmen were for a long time
unavailing, but with perseverance and
patience through every conceivable hard
ship* to be found in an inhospitable land.
they finally established a foothold and
from that' time on their mission flour
ished. Not only did they acquire the lan
guage of the natives but they taught
them the English of the Bible and there
were many of them who, despite their
wild instincts, accepted the faith and
abided by it.
Dr Bannerman speaks this afternoon
before the ladies of the Occidental Board
of Foreign Missions at 920 Sacramento
street. On the 16th inst. he will recount
his -experiences at Trinity Presbyterian
Church.
Pioneer Rowing Club Election.
The meeting and election of officers of
the Pioneer Rowing Club was held yester
day. The following were elected: Presi
dent. C. L. Ochs; vice-president. J. J.
Connolly; secretary. R. J. Espy; treasur
er. John T. Sullivan; captain, W. St.
John; vice-captain, George Collopy; trus
tees J. Klunder, M. Calnan, Fred O'Neill;
delegates to the Pacific Ameteur Ath
letic I'nion. W. C. Espy, Thomas Sands
and Charles Young; sergeant-at-arms, Ed
ward Shea. J. E. Brennan, an old and
active member and one of the charter
members, was elected a life and honorary
member. George Collopy, who recently
returned from Klondike, has resumed
active membership in the club. He will
paddle in the canoe race at the Guerne
vllle regatta. The annual high jinks and
club regatta will be held next Sunday at
Long Bridge.
Spartans' Anniversary.
Spartan Lodge of the Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows celebrated its fourth
anniversary Saturday night by an enter
tainment and ball in South San Francisco
Masonic Hall at Fourteenth avenue and
Kentucky street." The company was en
tertained by Misses RohJman and Caubu,
vocal selections by Miss Rose and a
piano duct by the Misses Waller. There
was a choice programme of dances and
an excellent collation. The affair was
given under the direction of W. T. Sie
ver?. the noble grand, P. Caubu, B.
Salles. E. C. Hare, H. F. Rohlman, C. de
Rosier and George Godfrey.
Suicide by Hanging.
Date last night the body of Captain
Berlin, a fisherman who arrived here from
Alaska on September 11, was found hang
ing in the closet of his bedroom at 118
Eleventh street. The police consider it a
clear case of suicide..
The suicide was discovered by J. H.
Sawyer, a roomer in the house, who be
came suspicious at hearing no sound from
Berlin's room. He called In an officer and
they broke In the door and found the
fisherman's dead body hanging in the
closet.
Deceased was a native of Sweden.
Foresters Disincorporate.
The Hall Association of the Foresters
of America at a meeting last night de
cided to disincorporate. For several years
past the association rented a floor of the
Alcazar aiid sublet the lodge rooms to
the several lodges of the Foresters and
circles of the Companions of the Forest,
but as there were some of the stockhold
ers who were not satisfied with the re
turns a movement was started to aban
don the project. There will be about
$4500 to distribute to the stockholders.
A Rabbi Embraces Christianity.
i A baptism, novel from the fact that the
| so!t mn blessing fell on the head of a He
i brew rabbi, occurred at the Howard street
I ATt-.thodist Church yesterday morning.
; Rabbi Hymen Jacobs began to investigate
: the fotcirme* of Christianity about tiiree
! yrars i<.?o. and the ceremony of ye.ner
: day Tvas the result. He was burn in Ki's
j sf.i, and for a number of years served in
, a synagogue at Oil City, Pa. He is very
! profound and sincere in his new belief.
1 Rev. J. A. B. Wilson performed the bap
! tism.
For House Service-
Application will be received at the office
of the United States lighthouse Inspec
tor, 404 Safe Deposit building, during the
next thirty days for examination for es
tablishing registers of eligibles for ap
pointment in The lighthouse service of
the Twelfth District (California), such as
masters, mates, engineers and assistant
engineers of vessels, and assistant keepers
of lighthouses and fog signals. Applica
tions may bo sent to that office.
Music at Grace Church.
The monthly festival service took place
at Grace Church last evening. The fol
lowing musical programme was rendered:
Selections from Goldmnrk's "Queen of
Sheba" by Rhys Thomas and S.
Homer Henley; "God of Israel," barytone
solo and chorus; "And it Shall Come to
Pafs." by Lincoln Case. Mr. Holt played
"Pilgrim's Story of Hope" as an offertory
selection.
Fire in a Restaurant.
An alarm from box 47, at the corner of
Mason and Eddy streets, at 10 o'clock
yesterday forenoon brought the depart
ment to the scene in time to extinguish a
small fire in a restaurant at 24 Mason
.street, kept by John Swain. The lire
originated in the kitchen from a defec
tive flue. The house is owned by A. W.
Wilson, a restaurant keeper. The dam
age did not exceed $15.
Forty-Two Years a Teacher.
The children of the Sunday School con
nected with St. Albion's Mission present
ed William G. Badger with a beautiful
prayer book yesterday as a remembrance
from the Sunday school which he has
taught for forty-two years. The presen
tation took place In Golden Gate Hall on
Sutter street and was largely attended by
friends.
The Old Committee Holds.
For the benefit of thoso who are in
doubt about the matter It should be
known that the old Republican County
Committee will bold office until the end
of this year and be in full control dur-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1898.
LIEUTENANT REGI
NALD F. NICHOLSON,
who was navigating of
ficer of the matchles Oregon
In her memorable fifteen
thousand-mile voyage to the
Atlantic station, is in the
city. He arrived on Thurs
day and registered at the
Palace Hotel.
Since his return he has
been renewing old ac
quaintances among Bohe
mian Club members, with
which he was identified
when stationed here former
ly. He was the guest of
Irving M. Scott at an elabo
rate breakfast yesterday.
He comes to assume
command of the torpedo boat
destroyer Farragut, the
latest production of the Union
Iron Works. She has al-
ready proved the fastest boat
built for the American navy,
and 1b expected to easily
meet the required speed of
thirty knots in an hour.
Like all boats of her class.
It has been found difficult to
key her up to concert pitch,
and who will have charge of
nent, will send her over the
Ing the campaign. The new members of
the committee will go into service at the
beginning of the new year.
DALTON WILL NAVE
AN OPPONENT
JOHN HACKETT WTLL RUN FOB
ASSESSOR AGAINST HIM.
Democrats Heading Off the Recent
Action of the Silver Repub
licans.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2.— After a long: confer
ence of the dissatisfied elements of the
various parties that vainly endeavored to
fuse on a county ticket, it was decided
to-r.ight that the Democrats should put
a candidate in the field to run against
Henry Dalton, the Republican nominee
for Assessor. Captain John Hackett is
the man who has been chosen and he has
signified his willingness to accept.
Some weeks ago, it is said, Robert M.
Fitzgerald requested Captain Hackett to
accept the nomination at the hands of the
fusion county convention, but the captain
demurred at that time; later the privi
lege, of naming the Assessor on the fusion
ticket was conceded to the Sliver Repub
licans by the Democratic committee in
a <-onfercnce of which Mr. Fitzgerald was
chairman. To the surprise of everybody,
the Silver Republicans did not name a
member of their party, but indorsed the
Republican nominee, who is a pronounced
sound money man. This caused dissatis
faction on the floor of the Democratic
convention, which has steadily increased.
It was stated to-night that Mr. Daiton
; ha.l not signified his intention of indors
ing the platform or of accepting the nom
ination of the fusionlPts and so Democrats
decided to have a candidate of their own.
"It Is true that I have agreed to run
for Assessor," said Captain Hackett to
night, "and I believe the Democrats are
quite able to take care of their own poli
tics, and need not go to the Silver Repub
licans for a candidate. I was asked some
weeks ago to make the race but declined
at that time as 1 wanted to feel sure that
my party did actually want me and waa
sincere In making the offer. They have
no other candidate and I have consented
to enter the arena with Mr. Dalton.
It is also reported that the Independent
Republicans have visited John L. Davle
and asked him to reconsider his declina
tion of their indorsement. Owing to the
pressure brought to bear it Is said that
the matter will be held Jn abeyance until
I next Saturday.
Socialist Meeting 1 .
William Edlin, a student at .the Stan
ford University, spoke last night before
the socialist gathering In Washington
Hall. His subject was the "Philosophy of
Socialism," which theme he expounded
to a packed house. Mr. Edlin treated his
subject from a purely logical and philo
sophical standpoint.
Mass-Meeting of Labor Clubs.
A grand mass meeting of the United
Labor League Clubs will be held at the
corner of Mason and Washington streets
to-morrow evening, October 4, at 8:30
sharp. A number of prominent speakers
and men identified with labor organiza
tions will address the meeting.
Fell Downstairs.
M. Hopkins, an old man living at 420
Sixth street, fell down a flight of stairs
in his house yesterday afternoon. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and a
long, deep gash under his chin was
stitched and dressed. He lost consider
able blood.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
Branch No. 7 has appointed a commit
tee, with Miss Mac Stein as chairman, to
arrange for a party to be given In Na
tive Sons" Hall during the latter part of
the current month.
Branch No. 2 will give an at home on
the last Friday in the month in head
quarters. All the local branches will be
invited, and each member of Branch No.
2 will be permitted to bring one lady
eligible to membership.
Blanch No. 33 of Victoria, B. C, cele
brated its seventh anniversary on the 24th
inst. by giving an entertainment and hop.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
The returns that are received at the of
fice of Grand Secretary Quitzow are
very encouraging, and they show that
there has been a revival in the order,
with prospects of a good showing at the
close of the term of the present officers.
The celebration of the anniversary a few
weeks since has had a good effect in this,
that it drew attention to the order, and n
is expected that as a result it will draw
many new members to the several local
lodges.
FRATERNAL BROTHERHOOD.
The Fraternal Brotherhood, organized
in Los Angeles about two years ago, has
instituted a lodge in this city, it Ijaving
been organized oy Supreme President C.
P. Daudy and instituted as San Fran
cisco Lodge No. 64.
Steps are being taken to organize a
lodge in Oakland.
POCAHONTAS AND, OLD GLORY.
Pocahontas Council of the Degree of
Pocahontas, I. O. R. M., will give an Old
Glory social in the Social Hall of the
Shiels building to-night, under the direc
tion of the committee composed of Mes
dames L. Atwood. J. Weisel and S. Hagan
and Messrs. Roche. Henry and Andsen.
THE PAST CHIEFS.
The meeting of the Past Chiefs' Associ
ation of the Companions of the Forest of
America previously announced to take
place in the Alcazar building on last
Tuesday evenin/^wlll be held this evening.
THE ARGONAUTS TO-NIGHT.
California Camp No. 4 of the Degree
of Argonauts will hold a special degree
night this evening in Native Sons' Hail,
preparatory to Instituting the new Camp
at Vallejo on Saturday night.
OUR TRADE
RELATIONS
WITH CHINA
Rev. G. W. Chalfant
Explains.
CAPABLE OF VAST EXPANSION
ALBEADY SECOND ONLY TO THAT
OF GREAT BRITAIN.
Much Greater Even Now Than Most
Americans Realize — Probable
Cause of the Emperor's
Death.
"Americans do not begin to realize the
extent of their present trade relations
with Northern China and the posibilities
for its future growth," said Dr. G. "W.
Chalfant last evening. Dr. Chalfant and
his wife have just returned from an ex
tended tour of the Orient, whither they
went to visit their two sons, who are
laboring in the missionary field there. Dr.
Chalfant Is a leading Presbyterian divine
of Pittsburgh and will resume his Journey
home to-morow.
"I penetrated the interior of China much
further than the average European trav
eler does," he continued, "and I was sur
prised at the immense quantites of Amer
ican goods that were steadily being car
ried far inland on the backs of donkeys.
Cotton goods and oil are the staple com
modities, though there is a large and con
stantly increasing demand for American
wire nails, which the natives find are
much superior to the English make.
"China must expand or her inevitable
fate will be disruption. In either event
the United States is certain to profit im
mensely if nroper steps are taken to fos
ter trade relations. Russian aggression
in the north and German grf-ed ior terri
torial expansion further south is being
bitterly opposed by England, in which
she has the support of Japan and the
United States. This is true, for our Min
ister at Peking toki me personally that
he was in full sympathy with England's
position.
'You will see that if the report of the
Emperor's death proves true, the Ameri
can fleet at Manila, or a large portion of
it, will be dispatched to Hongkong in
short order. Dewoy's victory has made a
wonderful impression among the Chinese
and instead of regarding the American
navy lightly, as they formerly did, they
now regard it with the greatest respect.
"It is my belief that China will expand;
even the Dowager Emprc-ss is shrewd
enough to see that the only way to pre
vent the partitioning of the empire
among the European nations is to take
down the barriers that have walled it in
from the markets of the world in the
past.
"The Emperor is — or was — exceedingly
progressive. His servants were continu
ally ransacking the stores of Peking for
English literature, which he delighted to
pour over, and he had even undertaken
to ride a bicycle while I was in Peking.
Moreover, he was preparing to take a
railway Journey some distance away, a
special train of three cars being in course
of construction for him. As no sovereign
has left the walled city for centuries it
is easily to be seen what a stir this has
created.
"If his Majesty be really dead. I think it
will be shown that he committed official
suicide, which is the proper course to pur
sue in China when any high official finds
he has lost the confidence of his people.
It was due primarily, I believe, to his
decree abolishing the essay as the test
for scholarships and the substitution of a
treatise on chemistry. From time im
memorial it has been the custom for ap
plicants for scholarship to prepare an es
say, taking extracts from the Chinese
classics, not one of which Is less than
3000 years old. These extracts were strung
together from memory, and on their a<v
ceptance depends the granting of scholar
ships. These scholarships entitle the
holder to assume office and, in fact, raises
him to highest rank. No wonder, then,
that the Emperor's decree doing away
with the essay and substituting a treatise
on chemistry caused trouble. Nobody in
China knows anything about chemistry;
and to fulfill the requirements of the de
cree necessitates first the mastery (if Eng
lish and then a course in chemistry.
"Even though the Emperor be dead it
will not stop the advance of China, and
the United States will profit immeasur
ably, particularly the Pacific Coast, for
with your cheap water transportation you
ought to build up great cotton factories,
nail works and other industries to meet
the demand in China."
Dr. Chalfnnt delivered an address at the
Howard Presbyterian Church yesterday
morning on China, its resources and its
political future. In the evening he ac
cepted an invitation from Dr. H<'mphill
to occupy the pulpit of Calvary Church
His subject was "The Providential Gov
ernment of the World by Jesus Christ "
FRIEXDS OF THE FOREST.
On the evening of the 24th ult. Mlzpah
Lodge gave a party in its hall at Six
teenth and Valencia streets which was in
the nature of an "at home." It was a
pleasant affair.
Last Monday night Washington Hall
was very tastefully and artistically dec
orated with imitation icicles and winter
flowers to carry out the idea of a winter
evening in a cold climate, and all because
Lincoln Lodge had announced a "snow
party." The hall was crowded and the
majority of the lady members were at
tired in pure white. The commissioners
on entertainment. Miss Hoffman, Mrs.
Hicks, Mrs. Blackall, the Misses Sharp,
Mrs. Trenele and Mrs. Waldo, presented
an enjoyable programme that included
recitations by Miss McDermott, Mr.
Brackett, Pearl Tucker, Maud Adams;
declamations by D. C. Hanlon, violin solo
by Mr. Wagner, and a fancy dance by
Annie Berg. Then followed dancing anil
the serving of icecream, and >here was
mirth and good feeling until the musi
cians played "Home. Sweet Home."
On Tuesday night last Pioneer Lodge
gave an "at home" in Washington Hall
nnd deceived a large number of its
friends, including a great many sol
diers. There was a good programme of
dances, and as a diversion Miss Winnie
favored with a recitation. The pleasant
social did not break up until It was time
to catch the last car.
The supreme officers paid an official
visit to Richmond Lodge last Wednesday
night, and they were cordially welcomed.
The- members, after the transaction of
business, entertained the visitors with
a select programme of vocal and instru
mental numbers.
THE DRUIDS.
During the past week Hesperian Grove
conferred the third degree on three can
didates; Aurora Grove conferred the same
degree on a candidate and received three
propositions; Frederich Selg Grove ajso
conferred the tnlrd degree and received
three propositions; Merced Grove received
three propositions at its last held meet-
Ing.
The lecture on a trip in 1555 from San
Francisco to the Dalles, delivered last
wec-k before Hesperian Grove by E. Ma
ginnls, P. N. G. A., was a very Interest
ing one and was listened to with marked
attention by the many Druids present.
He was one of the party named by the
Government to select a route to Oregon
from California. He gave a vivid descrip
tion of the country %s it then was, and
told some blood-curdling stories of en
counters with the Indians.
The grand officers paid a visit to L.lv
ermore Grove last Friday at tne request
of that grove for the purpose of confer
ring the third degree. There were pres
ent a number of the Druids from Pleas
anton Grove. After the work there was
an enjoynble banquet.
TOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Edward A. O'Neil of the First Califor
nia Volunteers, who was killed at the
battle before Manila, was a member of
Borromean Council of this city. The
council has adopted resolutions of re
spect to his memory, and on last Friday
attended St. Charles Church, where a
solemn high mass was said for the repose
of his soul.
The following named have been In
stalled as officers of the Grand Council
of the Jurisdiction of the Northwest:
Grand chaplain. Right Rev. Alexander
Christie. Victoria, B. C: grand president,
W. H. Keary, New Westminster, B. C.;
grand first vice-president, James F.
O'Brien, Tacoma, Wash.; grand second
vice-president, F. E. McFeely. Vancou
ver. B. C. ; grand secretary, John B. Cof
fey, Portland. Or.; grand treasurer, S. T.
Dove, Portland, Or.; grand marshal, L.
Brown, Spokane, Wash.; grand directors,
Thomas S. Deasy, Victoria. B. C; T. J.
Ivers, Seattle, Wash.; J. F. McAndrews,
Walla Walla, Wash.; F. F. O'Neill, Butte,
Mont.; supreme delegate, F. A. Garrecht,
past grand president.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
To-morrow night San FYanciFco Chapter
of the American Guild will give a grand
entertainment and ball In Native Sons'
Hall. The committee on entertainment
has arranged a fine programme.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, October 2.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, 85 hours from
Tacoma.
• Stmr Alex Duncan, Olsen — hours fm Santa
Cruz.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed Oct 2— Stmrs Arcata. Na
tional City, Alliance, Empire and Equator, for
Ban Francisco.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E Meyers, St Louis C F Price, Ky
Mrs Meyers, St Louis C A Ross, Chicago
Master Meyers, St L H Franks, Sydney
J R Renton, Hawaii W J Whyte, Melbrna
Miss Wight, Hawaii C E Adams. Boston
F F Dwyer, Sacto Mrs Adams & eh, Bstn
U N McGee, Sacto A Lee, Richmond
C A Osborne, Md Mrs Lee, Richmond
R L Peeler, Sacto S H Wheelhouse. Mo
H P Cross. Stanford G S Mansfield, Boston
J E Herzerais, S Jose F Diaz, N V
A J Huston. Cleveland Mrs F Diaz, X T
F Gregory, Conn R Vondyck, N T
Dr Wiegand, Bremen R Barthel, Sa*ony
Mrs Wiegand, Bremen G Mackintosh, Stanfrd
G H Schwab. NY EL Manning Mich
C Grace, Bremen P J Maglnnls Los A
G B Robblns, Chicaoi Mrs Cannon, Ohio
J F Bushnell, 111 Mrs Wldney, Ohio
J Huston, Ohio E Nusbaum, Pa
W W Stetthenner. N V Mrs Nusbaum, Pa
GRAND HOTEL.
S A Smith, Cal J W Kane. Minneapolis
Father Kane, Sonoma E Kane, Minneapolis
J Spaultllng, Oregon M Kane, Minneapolis
S S Steel. Pittsburg Mis Kane, Minn
B Goodrich, Los Ang T Boyd. S Maria
S J Uren. Sacto N Kagrleson. VisaJia
J Arrott •Sacto Mrs Eaßleson, Visalla
Miss Lator, Oakland W B Thorpe, Sacto
C J Jones, Sacto IV H Tisdale, L Ang
B S Bennett, Oakland |W C Eckert, R Bluff
J C Jackson, Oakland Miss Campbell, Alaska
R A Piliner, Oakland S Randall, Concord
W C Bird, Oakland C G Raub. Meridian
R L Cate Portland iR A Thiele, L Ang
C Mitchell. L Beach |C Collins, Portland
0 Farsworth, L Ang 1H Booth, V Springs
W Colon, S Jose jMIs Booth. V Springs
Mrs W Colon. S Jose IW Hughes. Oakdale
Miss H Bradbury. Sac iA J Davis. Seattle
J Van Vlick, L Ang IR Mcl>onald, H Spgs
A B Smith, Fresno jMrs McDonald, H Spgs
j E Matterson, Salinas I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C H Hayes, NY H Werthman. Chicago
L G Whitney, NY J Magee, Vallejo
Dr McAllister, Vets H Mrs J Magee, Vallejo
Misa McCormlck. S R W D Davis, Cal
H Dickerman. N V G M Hunter, Los Ang
F N Heffron, Sacto Miss N Nowiz, S Jose
1 B Murphy, St Paul G L Dickinson, Stocktn
S Clark. Nashville A T Medlne, Cal
W Parker. Los Ang H Enright. San Jose
J L Cockran, lowa C Synuriahl, Buffalo
J Robinson, Detroit S Whitney. Boston
J Mitchell. Chicago IG Jackson, Syracuse
C C Clark. Alaska ! H Edwards. Detroit
i A J Steinman. Portld ! M S Howard, Cal
; Mrs S T Marks. L Ang Mrs M S Howard, Cal
V Enright, S Jose |C J Wilding. Sacto
N.F EttlßCh, Angels I W II A<iams, Boston
Mrs M DutCber, Cal W H I'urcell, Sacto
i M A Schurr. Oakland ,C Smith & w, S Jose
j R X Whitmore, Cal C E Holtzman. Ohio
Capt Gordon, Malta | A Johnston, Sacto
H M Wheeler, Cal E R Glfford. Auburn
D J Medbury, NY ' E Ringuy, Truckee
W H Brown, VisallalE Johnson, Cinto
C H Jones, Mo L Beer. Fort Point
| R Downing, DC ! F M Johnson, Bnlcla
M Raphael & w. 111 !J Lamer. San Jose
C H Hayes, Lob Ang J It Berry, Presidio
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Schlieman, N T :Mrs Srhultz. Bouldln I
Mrs J Schlieman. N Y ! J J Burke. S Jose
W Chlnn, Stockton IJ P AdJison. Newark
A E Holmes, Fresno IMrs J Addison, Newrk
Mrs A Holmes. Fresno :T Scott. Vtsalia
F J Sickles, Napa W Johnson. Chlco
P Sagari. Fresno Mn A Cooper. Texas
P L Jones, L Ang |Mrs E Austin. Corona
J Phillips. Petaluma J N Woolsey, Aurora
H A Wilson, Sacto J A Rowe, Butte
E Farr &w, Fresno C B Craig, L Ang
J Miller. Isnaclo jF Smith, Colfax
F J Schultz, Bouldln II
__ — .^— — — — —
6AN yRANCiSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Cloy; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1341 Misston street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
* 2.'.2G Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-aecond an<* Kentucky
streets: open until 3 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery No. 16, K. .*.
T Golden Gate building. 625 Slitter st. *Kffl*
—Stated assembly THIS EVENING at |Fj
8 o'clock. The order of the Red Cross mm
will be conferred. All fraters ar# ▼
courteously invited. L pATTQX Em . Com . .
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) _J\_ -
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third de- }£lf
frree r
b * C. D. BUNKER, Sec.^
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (Mon- _J\^
day). October 3. IS9B. at 7:30 o'clock J\J\
v m. By order of the W. M. .» ▼ *
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. •
Stated meeting THIS (MONDAY) _#A_
EVENING, at ■■ o'clock. By order o: TK3T
the W. M. GEO. W. ROOT. Sec. /▼>
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal a
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. _J\_
Business and M. M. Degree. By in- Ti^T
structlons of the H. P. /^r >
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, jz&A^fe,
I. O. O. F. -Special meeting THIS -fPiyf-
(MONDAY) EVENING. Visit to ~^SBf^ r
Fidelity Lodge. First and second '" <lv \
degrees. Delegates please attend.
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
NOTICE— annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY, October 11. 1898. at 11 o'clock a. m.
■ ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary. .
Ban Francisco, September 29. 189*.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
DR. MACLENNAN cures' where- medical art
fails or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght et.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up:
pointing done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collection* mjui-s;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41. r . Montgomery St.. room 6: ML 5580.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open . until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT American cook, best of refer-
ence, desires a situation; good laundress. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED English woman, good cook
and houseworker, $12 to $15; references. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
2 YOUNG Swedish housegirls wish situations:
$15 to $18. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish houseglrl wishes situa-
tion; 4 years' reference. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. - '
REFINED young girl desires situation as
• nursery governess, nurse or second work:
educated -in German and : English. MISS
, CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. :'.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation; is
a good cook: will do general housework; city
or a short distance in the country: moderate
wages; no postals. , Apply .10 Stockton place,
off Stockton St., bet. Post and Sutter.
WANTED By middle-aged woman, quick and
: competent, position to assist in light house-
work; no objection .to children. . 1146 • How-
ard St., second floor. ; :',':'■ ' ; .
MIDDLE-AGED German . woman would like
. situation for general \ housework: good plain
-;: cook. ~. 115 Wildey st.,- off Flllmore, nr. Bush.
WOMAN (middle-aged) wants position as nurse
in confinement; can give mother's caro to
children: city or country. - 2302 Fulton : st. ;,
WOMAN wants . work -by ■ the ; day , at washing
:; ; and house-cleaning for Mondays; $1 50 per
.; day. .Address 4 Redwood court. ,••,'■-: : ...
SINGLE ' lady, first-clasa cook, wants a place
as housekeeper or to cook. 9 Seventh st.
YOUNG girl ;: wishes place -to assist in light
housework; sleep ; home. ' Call 455 Hayes st. -
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
RELIABLE young girl desires a situation to do
general housework in a small family. Call or
address 222 Duncan St.. bet. 27th and 2Sth.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments at $1 25 per day or take work home.
1337 Market St.. near Seventh.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day. $1
and carfare. 1124 Harrison St., near Seventh.
VERY neat colored girl desires a situation as
lady's maid or second work. Address 503 Hyde.
ELDERLY woman wants light housework in
the country; is experienced and has the best
of references; wages not so much an object
as a good home. 417 Eddy St., downstairs. *
YOUNG neat woman with girl 3 years old
wants place in private family; $10 or $12. C.
R. HANSEN, 104 Geary St.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaids and waitresses
and all hotel help for city and country- now
on hand. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary
st. Phone Grant 185.
GERMAN woman with Httle boy wishes a sit-
' uation as housekeeper. Box 823, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS woman washes work by the day
washing or housecleanlng. 810 O'Farrell st.
AN American competent Protestant old lady i
speaking French wishes a position ;as com- j
panion or to assist In sewing, cooking or gen- <
eral management; a good home more of an !
object than wages; country preferred.- Ad-
dress box 851, Call office.
YOUNG woman to do housework by the day.
Address G. W., 1941 Mission st.
WANTED— Washing, ironing, housework or
nursing by the day. 1028 Valencia st., near
Twenty-first.
WANTED— as first-class cook; light
washing; good references if required. 625
Chestnut st., Oakland.
FRENCH woman wants situation In private
family as laundress. 821 Jackson st.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper in a gentleman's house;
city or country. 2910 Sixteenth st. > :*io
RESPECTABLE woman with child 3 years
wants housework or cooking: wages moder-
ate; no triflers. Address box 736, Call of flee.
NEAT young girl for light housework and care
of a baby. 2102 Howard st.
GIRL with 3 years* experience wishes work
with dressmaker. Address Dressmaker. Berke-
ley P. O. -
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MAX&
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help:
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY &■ CO.. 640 Clay St.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted as man about place to
care for horses and garden: good driver; can
milk; handy with tools; best of references.
Address Box 827, Call.
FIRST-CLASS German saloon porter wants
place as porter or lunchman. Please send ad-
dress 313 Fourth st., room 63.
SITUATION wanted as coachman; can do
gardening and housework; good driver; very
good references. Box 816, Call.
GERMAN, middle aged, good references, wants
situation as watchman in private or business
place. C. H., 127 Turk st.
> GERMAN, chef wants steady place In restau-
rant or oyster house. Call or address
" GEORGE WENSE, 115 Eighth st.
BARBER wants situation 5 or 6 days a week.
Address 7 Watts St., Oakland.
STRONG boy (17) wants situation or learn
trade. EMIL SCHROEDER, 408 Sixth St.,
Oakland.
YOUNG German, first-class cook. French and
American, wants position in private family
or hotel. Box 828, Call.
COACHMAN or trainer, first-class man. and
experienced: first-class references from Eu-
rope and East; single; age 28. Address 931
Howard st.
COACHMAN or general man wants position;
understands the care of fine horses, carriages,
etc.; fancy gardening; single: not afraid of
work; best references. Address Coachman,
stable 1217 California street.
GARDENER, first-class, German, thoroughly
understands the propagating of plants, green-
house work, can milk and make himself use-
i ful, wants position. Gardener, box 622, Call.
BUTLER with first-class city references; will-
ing and obliging. SOS Van Ness aye.
BY energetic young: business man, position as
bookkeeper; has handled building and loan,
municipal, bank and insurance books; will
accept position either in. or outside of city;
small salary at beginning. Address E. C. P.,
865* Market st.
WANTED— Position as foreman on ranch by
responsible man 34 years old; has been fore-
man on large grain and stock ranch for past
7 years: can furnish Al references as to abil-
ity, character, etc. Box Sl9, Call office.
WANTED position as salesman by a com-
petent and experienced man; best of refer-
ences. Address box 742, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS painter wishes work by the day;
has his own tools. GEO. ENDRICH. 1949
Market st.
EXPERIENCED family cook (Chinese) wishes
position. SAM. 744 Sacramento St.
SITUATION to work in a private family: can
do all kinds of work; gardening, care of
horses and handy with tools; best references;
Scotch. R. M. LORIN. Alameda Co., Cal.
ENGINEER — Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or In boiler room; wages moderate. Box 762,
Call office.
STRONG, sober, honest and Industrious middle-
aged man wants any kind of hard work;
steady employment. Address box 740, Call.
YOUNG bartender wants position where he
could be partner in business. Address P.
. POPE, North Temescal. Oakland. _^
SITUATION wanted by first-class German
' gardener: can take care of horses and milk:
good vegetable gardener; handy with tools.
Address box 941, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 20c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $<
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANfED-PEMAIE.
SECOND girl, a short distance, $25; nurse, $20;
0 cooks In American and German families,
$25 and $30: girl for housework. 3 in family,
$25; 2 cooks in boarding-house and hotel. $25
and $30; dishwasher, $15: 4 waitresses and
chambermaids, $20 and $15 a week, and a
large number of gfrls to fill our numerous
situations In city and country. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
GIRL for housework. 2 In family, sleep home.
- $20; second girl, country. $25: girl for house-
work, 3 in family, $25, fare paid, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
A GERMAN cook for delicacy store; $35. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter et.
COOK, $30. American family, see lady here.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $20; 2 second girls, $20 and $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $25: German second girl, $20,
same house. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Stockton, $25; second girl, $20, same
house. MISS CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
COOK, delicacy store, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
I WORKING housekeeper. $10, country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
UPSTAIRS girl and nurse, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE and upstairs work, $13. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, no English necessary,
$25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second ; girl, $25; French cook. $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. San Jose, $20; Frultvale, $20: ,
Willows, ' $30; 15 housework -girls, city and |
country, $20 and $25; 8 young girls, assist, !
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. j
NEAT nurseglrlT $12. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. . --
HOUSEWORK girl, Oakland, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. ' ■
COOK, country. 3 in family, $25. MISS CtJL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st. .: '
COOK, $40; boarding house cook, $30; second
work. $25; cook, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman, $20, country, see party
here; chambermaid. : $20; waitress, $15;
house-girl.: $15, 2 in family. MRS. NORTON,
313 Putter st. ____________Z__
YOUNG girl to assist. $10; 6 housegirls, $20 to
$25: middle-aged woman, $15: numeglrl. $10:
: German house^lrl. 2 in family, $20. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st. •
6 ; WAITRESSES, country, $20; Scandinavian
waitress, for commercial country < hotel, $20;
two chambermaids to wait,- $20; 3 waitresses,
city, $20: 4 restaurant . waitresses, : $5 and $6 a
week: forewoman "■ for ;,: small ■: laundry, - one
who understands Troy ; machine, $30
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. - -
FAMILY cook. ■ $40 : Swedish girl,' smal family,
- $25; German girl. ; 2 in family, $25; 15 house
girls. . -American • and Jewish families, $20;
• cook, 2 In family, Ban Rafael, $30, and many
. young girls. C. R. HANEEN & 1 CO.. 104 ;
:' Geary st. '"■'. --"-V-- ' '.' : 't :'*-iT- '■ . - v v ":."-■:.
GIRL for housework, 3 in family. $20; also »irl '
■'-; for. chamberwork," $15. 631 Larkin st. -" -.;"--:"V '
YOUNG girl for light house-work. 918 Sanchez
St.. near Twenty-second. ;
_ <
-_=-=== j
HEL- WANTED- Continued. 7
WANTED-Cooks. chambermaids. aPI B **
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD. 631
Larkin st. -
WANTED— girl for second work and take
ctrVofctaildrVn: wages $15; references. Ap-
ply 2420 Van Ness aye. ■ • »
GIRL wanted to do chamberwork; sleep at
home; $8 per month. 924 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; small fam-
ily. 2111 Geary st. -'
AN experienced apprentice on fine coats; must
be a.young girl. 629 Post st.
APPRENTICE to *learn dressmaking. 1281
O'FarreU st. " , .
PANTS finishers wanted; steady work. 227
Fifth st. -
YOUNG girl to assist light housework. Call
before 10. 1673 Golden Gate aye. - _____
WANTED— A^IrI who understands sewing. 911
Folsom st. .y ; __j ■■ ' ' - .
YOUNG German girl for light housework;
wages $10. Call 523 Sixth st.
GIRL (German speaking) for housework and
children. 691 McAllister st. .
I WANTED— tailor on custom coats; steady
work. 568 Minna st.
WANTED— Young girl to do general house-
work. Apply at SOS California st.
WANTED— German waitress and seamstress.
1073% Market St., near Seventh.
WANTED— Strong girl; general housework.
1073% Market St., near Seventh.
WANTED— who works a Domestic
machine. 439% Tehama st. '
YOUNG girl for light housework; small wages;
good home. 509 Halght st.
GIRL to assist housework; sleep at home,
1219 Webster st. • , '
EXPERIENCED hand on ladies' wafts to J
work in factory; also apprentice. 409 A lurn.
; YOUNG girl to assist with baby and learn
; dressmaking; small wages. 321 Turk at.
WANTED— for general housework. 1281
', O'Farrell st. ' -
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom-made pants.
: 206 Kearny st., room 302.
' NEAT girl for housework. 2 in family; wages
, $8. Apply after 9, 1111 Scott at., near Turk.
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1134 #
I Turk st.
AN old lady wanted to do light housework. 239
• Folsom st. .
1 OPERATORS wanted on custom coats; steady
work. 239 Folßom st. '
: WANTED— on flannel overshlrts: a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught. -
; LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36^4 Fremont St.
. WANTED— Good cook and good second girl for
, the country; small family. Apply from 9 to-
1 12. 1526 Sutter st.
GIRL on coats; flrst-claas. 6 Eddy st., room
. 92. ,
1 FINISHERS on custom —ate; also apprentice
' girls. 528 Howard st. ■
• WANTED— Steady first-class finishers on pants. .
I 560 Fourth st. . ' .
YOUNG girl for light housework. Call at 92S}_
■ Pacific st. '
1 WANTED— Between 1 and 4p. m., 12 women of
good appearance. Rooms 79 and 80, St. Anne's
• building.
1 LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S: good positions; i
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns. 2i>c up. McDowell's. 103 Po»_
1 " , HELP WANTED— MALE.
wX^TED^Man and wife as cook and dish-
J washer, small country hotel, $45; 3 waiters.
, country hotel, $30 and $25; chief cook, $60,
' and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st. __J
' — Scandinavian coachman, $30; mln-
". ers, gravel mine, $40 and found; teamsters,
1 . $1 60 and $125 a day; coal miners; assistant
gardener, $20; 4 choremen and boys for hotels
and private places, $10 and found: farmers.
1 $20; American milker, $30; vineyardman and
f wife, .$5O; laborers, $1 a day and board and
$1 75 a day, and others. Apply to J. F.
' CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
: MURRAY & READY.... MURRAY & READY
Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT MONDAY..
$2 50 day 23 laborers for mines —$2 50 day
1 No experience required
36 farm hands, different places
$26 and $20 and found
6 choremen for farms $20 and $15 and found
1 12 teamsters, city jobs $1 75 day
; 6 scraper teamsters, city $25 and found .
' To Great Rai1r0ad5..........
'< 25 2-horse teamsters, free fare $175 day
60 laborers, railroad work... *l 60 and $1 75 day
36 general teamsters, railroad work.. day
; Free fare Free fare
55 teamsters, 2 horses, coast railroad. Sl 73 day
'. Railroad Tunnel Work Railroad
j 34 drillers, free fare $2 50 day
25 drillers' helpers, free fare $2 25 day
15 muckers, free fare $175 day
126 woodchoppers $160 to $1 cord
93 tie makers .' 8c to lie each
500 men for Arizona
2 men to take contract to dig a we 11.....
• 6 laborers for city factory $26 and found
• Machinist, country job $2 50 day
I 3 stable men, country and city Jobs
I 3 Americans for an American ranch
Carpenter for a ranch, plain work
2 boys to learn trades, city Jobs ....$3 week
! Boy for city butcher shop $4 week" ■
', Government Work
; 2 stonemasons $4 20 day
2 laborers, Sonoma County $2 day
Sausage maker '. $13 50 week
I Typewriter, assist on books $20 and found
- MURRAY & READY.
. 634 and 636 Clay st.
■ 12 DISHWASHERS wanted for different places
$25. $20 and $15 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st.
■ L00K.......... Waiters ..Look
1 10 waiters for city and country hotels, res- ,■>
taurants, etc., ' $30, $25 and $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS We want On Monday
5 cooks, country hotels, $45. $35 and $30; 2
ranch cooks $30 and $25
2 lunch counter cooks $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay 6t. •
1 TO pull Beans
25 men or strong boys, fare $1, wages $20 and
_ found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH. citj 1 shop. MURRAY <&
READY. 636-636 Clay st.
; GOLD mines Gold mines
10 common laborers $2 day
90 laborers, no experience required, $1 60 to
$2 50 per day. MURRAY & READY, 634-638
Clay st.
i married .T7TT7r7r77T77777TT77777r77r
Farmer and wife, fare $1; choreman and wife
for ranch, fare $1 25. good wages. MURRAY
6 READY. 634-636 Clay st.
■ ......C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
Ship railroad laborers. .To Alaska and Brit-
ish Columbia .....Monday
Work ail winter wages $3 per day up
, :;............. Also
Gang of teamsters...... for the coast road
........Free fare
Gang of laborers For the coast road
Free fare
... Also
For the Valley r0ad.. 50 teamsters and laborers
Also
For new mountain railroad- v
........In the heart of the gold mining district
30 teamsters .....and ...30 laborers
> And two-thirds of the fare free...
20 laboring men — near city....sl IS and board
10 laboring men. country winery. .$1 and found
23 teamsters and laborers city work
10 laborers for large mine, and smelter
:;. No experience required... .......
1 Steady w0rk.. ............. .51 00 to $2 50 per day
For the woods and mills
10 barkers and buckers.. $30 and found
• laborers. ...half fare r>a1d....525 and found
6 swampers $35 and board '
10 lumber pliers ..'........526 and board
Gardener Private family $30 and found"
10 marble quarrymen $2 per day
Long Job .. ..... ..Two-thirds fare paid
Wheelwright for camp $40 and board '*
Harnessmaker for ranch.. ...... $30 and board
Cooks, waiters and kitchen help •
.-.'.. C. R. HANSEN & CO.
• ..............:..... 104 Geary et...
! V.. ....... wanted .; ......../.'-.
■ Swamper for good place near city, $30 per
j month and found; plain blacksmith for coun- *
1 try shop near city, $9 per week and board;
' ranch teamster, good steady Job, near city,
- $20; farmer. $25. near city; man to chop red-
wood tops near city. $20. steady Job: 4 more
laborers for mine, $27 50 and board: waiter
boy, country restaurant, fare advanced. $18
and found; ranch cook, $20..................".,.,
. 4 , mere wheelers for brick yard near . city,
good Job. $25 to $30 and board : farmer near
city, $20; cooks, waiters and others. W. D
I EWER & CO.. 626 Clay St. ,
TO -go to-day, $10 men for woods, mills and
; roads, $26 and board: head and second chop-
pers, $40 and $30: brick yard men. $25 and $30
and board: plowhands, $16: laborers, city and '
country. $1 75 a day; woodchoppers; team-
sters ; waiter, ■ country hotel. $25; ranch cook,
. $20; young man about place. *15; strong boy
$6 a week. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S and 610
■ Clay st. ;-..--■ ■• •.-■ ; ■■ v • ■- -
ACTIVE young men to canvass for . an up-to-
. date book; splendid commissions: easy seller. '<
Apply 224 Emma Spreckels building, 9 to 11
', a. m. ' ,■ . ''■•:.;-■ / ..
I COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24^Sutter st. ■
■ WANTED— A grocery clerk. 435 Third st.
! t TEAMSTERS ; 5 laborers, pick and shovel '
i "Sixteenth and Railroad aye. South. -■
I WANTED— Man Ito wait ■; on table and make
I beds. Eastlake Hotel, Bay ; and Webster sts.
I WANTED— for meat market. Inquire 1209
; r .,. ; Howard st. ..'.-.• .
1 RESTAURANT butcher wanted. 969 Market
I street, .HELP WANTED— Continued.
• CONFECTIONER wanted, city; no Sunday
work: must be temperate; reference wanted.
Apply to-day after 12, 070 Harrison St., side
door.
DISHWASHER wanted at SOS O'^kirell st.
only sober man need apply.
_ , • —
WANTED— Dishwasher at 314 Clay St.
YOI'NO man for butcher shop: one with ex-
perience. Address box 71S, Call office.
COAT maker wanted; flrst class; by the week.
411 Vi Kearny St.
MEN'S second-hand shoes, some nearly new;
• 23c to $1. 562 Mission Bt.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
• unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO years, who are citizens of the United
States, or these who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak.
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 6 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting cf_ce, 26
Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED Japanese man cook, butler and sec-
ond man In small private family of 2 persons
(man and wife); state if speak English and
now long been In this country, wages, age
and expense coming here through P. O. box
552, New York City.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; ISO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted, single, of good
habits; good references required; $30 per
month, including board and room. Address
C. WALLSTAB. Wadsworth. Nev.
WANTED— Experienced ad. solicitor for good
". proposition. Box 143, Call office. .
COOK In boarding house. 739 Fourth St.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. ?2 50; men's
soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
COAL miners who have worked in a pitch vein
wanted. Tesla Coal Company, room 515, 323
Montcomery st^ '
WANTED— Plasterers to stay away from Pan
Francisco as there are plenty of men and
are on strike.
AMATEUR musicians for social purpose. 318
Bush St.. office No. 4. third floor.
HALF-TON H photographer and general phpto-
ensraver at 120 Marktt st.
. WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and.
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 - itter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 1164
BARKERS' Ass'n Kre^ Employment Office. S.
• -FUCH3, Pec, 323 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN' and women to #am barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, ISSVi Eighth st.
SAILORS ami ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 304 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. R tale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 23c a n:-ht; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary sramsn. carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
SINGL rooms. 10c and 15c nigh! 73e and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, "5c nl.qrit: reading-room;
•■■ 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry, i
AGENTS WANTED.
" AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Sj'aln— Causes. Incidents and Results."
Civil. Military. Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell, Pen.
Proctor Vt.) and Pen. Thurston I Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. write
for t.rms and Territory to sole publishers.
Wnp.THINGTON & CO.. Hartford. Conn.
WANTED— Canvassers in every Pacific Coast
eiiy. NATIONAL NOVELTY CO.. 1133 Mission.
FDRNITUR— WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture-, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer, 420 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 32.
HOUSES WAXTBU.
"WANTED— FineIy and thoroughly furnished
house; rent no object; situated In' the neigh-
borhood of Van Ness, Sutter. California or
Gough sts. ; house must contain at least 15 j
rooms; responsible parties; will lease for a ]
term of 6 months; Immediate possession. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
FAMILY wishes to purchase a house of 6 or
7 rooms, north of Market st., above Poweil. ;
Address box MS. Call office.
- ROOMS ; WANTED. " ■
ONE or 2 unfurnished rooms by German lady
with one child; reasonable. Box 705, Call.
PARTNERS WANTED.
IIPO0 — PARTNER wanted or business for sale;
investment all secured by stock on hand; a
snap for the right man; owner cannot attend;
no agents. Address box 825, Call office.
\\ ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— MaIe collie over six months; state
marks and price. McLEOD, box 71!), Call.
WANTED— Horse and harness cheap. Address
1319 York at., near Twenty-sixth.
WRITING derie In rood condition, with book-
cafe attached. Box Col, Call office.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
boucht. Rend for KLEIN. IPS Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
LOST. '
LOST— A diamond earring Saturday, evening.
KOing from Twentieth and Folsom to Twenty-
fourth and Alabama sts. Liberal reward by
returning to 2413 Folsom st.
$5 REWARD- Los-t. a bracelet marked 1808. in
the vicinity of the new leges south of the
park. Return to 715 Cole st.
LOST— On Grant aye.. Geary or Post St., be-
twe.-n City of Paris and Robertson's Book
Ptore, small green enameled gold watch and
pin. Return to o.'fiee of MASTICK & MAS-
TICK, fifth floor Mills building, and receive
$3 reward.
_OST— Pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society Of San Francisco, In the
name of BRIDGET O'MARRA, No. 112,440.
Th» finder, will please return to bank.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 (hares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad,
issued to A. G. RUSP, has been lost and a
reward of $10 Is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. O. ItUHS. 201 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FINE sealskin for $90, cost originally $170, at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
2 FRESH family cows. Inquire 1038 Capitol
aye., Ingleside. '""':" "': >" ; ; "TV"
FRESH milch cow for sale. Cl 9 San Jose aye.
FOR SALE— Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon. 1808 Seventh st., Oakland. ,•:■:..;
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR Rale — Fine Irish water spaniel dog; 17
months. Apply 111 Harrison St.
SECOND-HAND uftingrpulleys. shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission Bt.
MANUFACTURER'S 830 beautiful col-
ored pictures, 10x11 inches, mounted on glass ;
with brass chain around for hanging; 88 sub- i
jects for 15c each; Bold everywhere for 35c.
JONES, 547 Mission st.. bet.- Ist and 2d.
BARS, back bars, mirror* showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.? above
. Sixth. . ..:•,..
100.000 FEET second-hand lumber; all kinds
■ Fifteenth and Valencia »ts.
LARGE fire and burglar ■ roof safe for sale
■ cheap it 42 Main et.
SAFES— New and second hand: cheaper than
1 ever. Herman Safe Manfc. , 5,33 Sacramento. j
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records. $5 per dozen;
proJectoßCope. $100. Baclgalupl. 938-952 Market.
3 R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CARPET CLEANING.
C?TY~*fteaVn V Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. M_r.. j
2S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 T-^ama St.; tel. S. 40. ;
' J. McQUEEN'S Cal. C r^t-cleanlng Co.. 453 I
Stevenson st.; tel. . >uth 223: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; relaid at 3o
-TRATTON. 3 Eighth Ft. : tel. Jessie M 4.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 nth
St.; cleaning 3c yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beat lng~Works. 333 Golden
Gate nve.; tel. East 126. ■ .
ADVANCE Carpel cleanlncr Co.. 402 Slitter st.
tel. Main 554. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
~~— — ~— — — ,— — ■— _■ ■_■_»_■» _—■■■■_—— — — .■. ■ :
111 CYCLES. ■
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from Up; new !
1897 high grade $100 bicycles for $29; new
tires. $2: new pedals, $1 25 a pair: repairing.
JOSEPH lIOLLE, 20th and Folsom stl. j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$150 — CIGAR stand; - bargin this day. Me-
LAU.HXJN & CO., 777 Market st.
$2500— FIRST-CLASS bakery, confectionery and
coffee parlor In prosperous country town. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; a bargain if sold this week.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
A— S4OO— SALOON in lively country town, do-
ing a good business; horse and cart; best
location, close to railroad depot; rent $20.
Particulars WILKE & UNFUG. 306 Market.
A— s4so; BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on Market st., with fi- living rooms; low rent;
established years and clearing about $60 per
month; a splendid offer. Call WILKE &
UNFUG, 906 Market st. , _
A— S4OO— CORNER saloon with club room; rent
■ $30; best location; surrounded by planing
' mills and factories; a splendid offer. Par-
ticulars, WILKE & UNFUQ, 906 Market st.
' A— CORNER grocery and bar, 2 blocks
south of Market St.: living "rooms; rent $27 50;
a snap. Call WILKE _ UNFUQ. 906 Market.
A— LIST your store »rorerty .—. —
Or business place with — ■ —
W..KE & UNFUG. 906 Market st. —
The old estab. and reliable Business Agents.
$050— OLD-ESTABLISHED bakery; receipts $50
a day; fine horse and wagon; 3 living rooms;
cheap rent; retiring from business; a bar-
i gain. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
WE have buyers for any legitimate business;
parties wishing to cell give us a call; coun-
j try correspondence solicited. National Agency,
7 Grant aye. - j
$450— FINE corner saloon; clears $75 month;
; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$450— FRUIT etore; horse, wagon; receipts $15
day; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant_ave.
$300— GROCERY and bar; 8 rooms; rent $23; full
value. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$225— BRANCH bakery: 2 rooms; good business;
| cheap. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
I $660— BRANCH bakery, stationery and notions;
3 living rooms; receipts $10 a day. near school.
I National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
j $460- BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
j store; near school; receipts $300 month; 4
j rooms; bargain. National Agency, i Grant ay.
I PARTNER; light mfg. business; $100 per
no salary: exchange for good lodging house
; of equal value. KREDO & CO., "'-' Geary.
A-$350 hotel and bar. water front, 17 fur-
nished rooms; clears $100. KREDO & CO.,
22H Geary st. . _____
j $1100— DRUG 'store: fine corner: $20 daily;
I. stock will invoice $1500. KREDO & CO.
A^-Jl7OO- ROAD house: elegantly fitted up; fine
bar; receipts $1500 monthly. KREDO & CO.
SALOON; 3 blocks Call building; long
established; good business; sickness sole
cause sale; a bargain. JONES & SEARLL,
5.05 Market St.
5110 — FRUIT and vegetable store; stock: fix-
tures- new patent popcorn and peanut outfit;
cheap rent; receipts $8 a day. JONES &
SISARLL, 865 Market st.
$300— CORNER grocery and bar among me-
chanics; old established; worth $JuO; owner
called abroad; see this to-day. LESS, 765
Market .st j
ATTENTION— Do you want to sell your busi-
ness promptly for cash? Bargains this week:
$300. saloon vicinity Market and Stockton sts..
cheap at $300; corner grocery and bar, make
: offer; hotel across the bay, 19 rooms, bar, din-
i ing-room and kitchen, clearing $100 per month,
price $550; we have 3»u business places for
! .sale. Apply RAND & CO.. 917 Market st.
$300— HOME bakery: Mission; counter trade
$15 daily; low rent; 3 rooms: trial. BAK-
RKTT, 1125 Market St.. above Seventh.
i JCO— FRUIT store: bargain; low rent; business
fair: rooms. BARRET- 1125 Market. .
I HALF interest in large paint store; $1600. F.
C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
Al CHICKEN ranch; good orchard; running
water. Box 26. Diamond P. O.
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wleland Brew-
ery, Second st., near Folsom.
HALF Interest In hotel barber shop; rent $15.
Box 817, Call.
$SO— FRUIT store; 701 Larkln st.; good trade;
j rent $5; trial given; Investigate.
CASH grocery— Fine business corner, cor. Del-
mas aye. and San Salvador St.. San Jose; lot
157:2x45; new house, Including store, 3 rooms,
horse and wagon; electric light on corner;
sewer finished; street car on Dolmas aye.;
worth $3000; will sell for $2500. Apply at store.
TO Let— A well established bakery in San Ra-
fael on the principal street; also a corner
store suitable for grocery. For further par-
ticulars apply R- MAGNEB. San Rafael, Cal.
$400— OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant; on ac-
count of leaving city; must be sold at once;
trial given; please Investigate; centrally lo-
cated. Apply at 253 Third st.
WANTED — Responsible party to purchase dairy
store; one who will contract for my milk,
eggs and butter; income over $400 per month. ■
Apply at 1109 Folsom st.
COUNTRY hotel barber shop for sale, near
city: account sickness. For particulars write ]
or 'inquire of DECKELMAN BROS. I
INDUSTRIOUS party as partner In well-paying
broker office; inside work entirely; $230 re-
; quired. Box ICO. Call office.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea,
spices, etc.; supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-103 Beale st.
FOR sale; bargain; dressmaking establishment
nnd furnishings. Urn. 135. Murphy building.
HOTEL 2C rooms, hard finished; furnished;
must be sold. Call 256 Third St.; make offer.
SMALL restaurant and rooming house; cheap;
•near a car house. C.x 733. Call office.
FOR Bale— Route on this paper. Address box
735, Call office.
FINE paying restaurant must bo sold; owner
going to Europe in haste; no agents. Apply
at Call office.
WANTED— SmaII tea and coffee route or store.
M. M. S.. box 983, Call olflce.
WELL stocked grocery and bar. Apply WICH-
MAN _ LUTGEN, 318 Clay st.
CORNER grocery anil bar In Mission; owner
there 7 years. Address Grocery, 863 Folsom.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from QUO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento ■_
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
3rr> HATES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
26-ROOM house; clears $200; only $400
65 rooms; for exchange , 2500
28-room corner; price in office
18-room nouse on Sixth st 500
25 rooms; sunny corner 1100 c
l£-room house; clears $100 500
21-room house; central; clears $150 500
32-room house; best in the city 1000
12-room house; worth $800 300
fjP-room house; worth $50C0.... 3000
15-room house; on Sutter st 460
21-room house; clears 1150 1400
20-room bouse; worth $IOCO 400
60 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All prices
— ■ Money to loan on any house
ABSTRACTS FURNISHED SHOWING
CLEAR TITLE WITH EVERY HOUSE I
SELL.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— S2-ROOM house; best transient house
in city; 2 entrances: a bargain..
48 rooms; north of Market st.; line $1200
14 rooms; near Call building; new 525
22 rooms; select: transient; corner 1150
18 rooms; rent $G0 450
22 rooms; north of Market; clears $125.... 1150
13 rooms: all new furniture 675
•.... IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION.
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. c. HYDE & CO., i:O6 Market st.
WINSTON & CO., ''■!'■ Market et.
. RELIABLE BROKERS |
14 rooms; near Orpheum; rent J5O ....$ 450
20 rooms; corner; new furniture 1050
£9 rooms; rent J- rf ': go '1 Investment 750
41 rooms; rent $110; new 2300 i
60 rooms; rent $'•'•': offer wanted 800 ]
M rooms; brand new: money-maker 2600
6f> rooms; rent $125: investigate this low
We handle only first-class paying houses.
SMALL lodging-house for sale; all full. 9
. Seventh St., near Market. ;
OAKLAND— First-class family rooming-house, I
partly furnished; clear* *120 a month. Ad- i
dress Postofllce box 71, Oakland, Cal.
14-ROOM corner house.; all Bunny and house
full"; $350. Call 110 Leldesdorff st.
$300— 10-ROOM lodging-house; north of Market !
st.; fine location; 2 car lines. Box .731. Call, j
TO buy or sell lodging-houses call on Na-
tional Exchange. 7 Grant aye.
jooo— FIRST-CLASS transient house; none bet-!
ter: 14 rooms and laundry; all let: clears $50
to $75 per month. Box ESS. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR . SALE.
FOR Sale— furnlture«-of a 6-rom flat, in
good condition: a bargain; no dealers. Ad-
dress 237 Franklin st. : .
ELEGANT folding bed, sideboard and other
furniture; all new. Box 11S8, Call office. 1
FURNITURE of 6-room flat In good condition;
■ a bargain; no dealer*. 2.*) Hyde St..
SEWING MACHINES"
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, - Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought; sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 4:..
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PHYSICIANS.
Dr"cTcT6^DO'nNELL, office and residence,
120« Market; dieases of women t. specialty.
"';..■•.'.. r ■■■•■■ - "• ■ - ■•..-••--.. if-K
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, OCTOBER 3, 189 S.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— handsome, sunny, papered, modern; 7
rooms: large garde. 1720 Fillmore st. ■
BAY-WINDOW house of 6 Bunny rooms, $15.
30 Silver St.
ELEGANT sunny house, 8 rooms; rent reduced
from $50 to $35. 818 McAllister st.
MARY, 20, near Fifth and • Mission— rooms;
double parlors; $22 50.
THIRTEENTH, 615, between Market and Guer-
rero — Four sunny rooms, $18.
TO LET — House of 13 rooms and bath In good
order; north side. %t O'Farrell st.
TWENTY-THIRD, 2754, bet. Bryant and Hamp-
shire— 6 rooms; air modern Improvements; use
of a large lot adjoining; rent $16.
— — '
j WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
3 LODGE rooms ■ furnished, 927 Mission; 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter; 6-room cottage, 2405
Cutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay st.
$6—3 ROOMS and stable; 4009 Twenty-fourth St.,
cor. Noe. NICOL, 410 Keamy st.
| $12— HOUSE of 6 rooms; grand view of bay. 3
Lawrence place, off Fremont St., near Har-
rison.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms,
hall, bath, gas. hot and cold water; coal and
gas stoves; large basement floored; front and
back yard; reasonable; Inspect 10 to 5. Call
or address F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market.
CAPP, 416— Furnished and unfurnished flats,
4 and 5 rooms, hath, $20.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A —^fc month free; 5 rooms, bath, nice yard; $12.
At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market St.
ARMY, 3612. near Guerrero — Sunny cottage, 5
rooms, bath; basement and yard.
NICE sunny' cottage, 447 Fifth St.; 4 good
rooms; large yard; $13.
$15— BAY-WINDOW cottage. 4 rooms, bath; $15,
flat. 5 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth st.
FL'RNi: > FLATS.
FLAT of 5 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $15. 12 Elizabeth St., near
Guerrero, between Twenty-third and Twenty-
fourth.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. 11l
Fell »t.
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant new modern flat, 5 rooms, bath,
basement and yard; very sunny; $20. Apply
213 Chattanooga St., near Twenty-third.
NICE; 4-room, bath; near Mason st; $16.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A— 7 ROOMS; porcelain bath; reduced to $28.
830 Sutter at., near Hyde, or SPECK & CO.
A— PLEASANT, gunny, 6 rooms, bath; reduced
to $20. 1206% Turk st.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— flat of 3
rooms, $7; also flat, 2 rooms, $5.
CLAY, 1417 A— of the most beautiful flats
In town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
j CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
! modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY. 638— An eight-room flat; newly reno-
vated: central location; very convenient and
commodious; rent cheap.
FLAT of 4 rooms: bay-window and bath; $12.
716 Natoma st., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
FELL, 511— Flat 4 rooms, bath: basement; gas;
hot and cold water; yard; $15; key at 513 Fell.
FLAT of 3 large rooms. $7. 30 Silver ft.
FLAT of 4 rooms and bath. 904 Minna St..
near Tenth. _j
FRANKLIN, 717. near Golden Gate aye.— Sunny
corner flat of 8 rooms and bath.
GEARY, 805— of 4 rooms, $20; or will fur-
nish game for $22 50; references.
GEARY, 1135, bet. Van Ness aye. and Frank-
lin—Elegant modern flat 7 rooms; bath; base-
ment.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1168, near Webster—
sunny upper flats. 6 and 7 rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, Upper flat of 6 rooms;
rent $16.
'' LOWER flat. 3 rooms; upper flat, 4 rooms and
i bath; rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larkln st.
MIDDLE, nearly new, flat of 5 large rooms and
bath, 503 Grove St.. near Octavla, with rear
entrance, will be let to a good steady tenant
for $20.
NEW sunny flat with all latest improvements;
rent reasonable. 630 Castro et.
NEW modern flat of 6 rooms and bath: large
basement; stable for 2 horses; $26. 1614 Grove.
! NEW modern flat. 5 choice sunny rooms, $18.
1720 Hyde st.
NE. cor. Nineteenth am. Noe sts., 1 block from
Eighteenth or Castro st. cars— Lovely sunny
corner flats; 5 rooms, $18, water free; 4 rooms,
$15, water free.
NORFOLK, 33—5 rooms and bath. $12.
POND. 47. off Sixteenth, hi block from Market
—Bunny upper 6-room flat; $15; water free.
SUNNY flat; cheap; I rooms and bath. 531
Thirteenth st., corner Market.
TO LET— 2 new flats of - 3 rooms each; 1729
Church st.; sun all day; price $3. GEORGE
W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Market st.
TWELFTH, 337— Nice sunny flat 4 rooms; rent
reasonable. .
UNION, 1346— Flat of 5 large rooms, bath; in-
| closed porch, yard, basement.
UPPER flat; 213 Steiner st.; 7 sunny rooms and
hath; glazed porch; must be seen «to be ap-
preciated. /
UPPER flat, 4 rooms. $11. 1362 Stevenson st.,
near Thirteenth.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. -
3- ROOM flat; nice location; reasonable. In-
quire at 352 McAllister st.
$10. $12, $13— SUNNY flats: range; hot and cold
water. 101-103 Prospect "lace, cor. Sacramento.
2 SUNNY modem flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath.
fil.*>^ Grove st. and 925 Golden Gate aye.
ROOMS roil HOdSKKKEI'ISO.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping: 2 folding beds, 1 In
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; 3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe
store, 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
AT E22 Polk— 2 nice front unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping.
AT 415 Van Ness aye. — Large double parlor, un-
furnished; also 2 rms. In basement: gas range.
j BRANNAN, 723, above Sixth— Sunny , furnished
front bedroom and kitchen, $3; also $6.
CHESTNUT. 293. corner Dupont— Fine fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; no small chil-
dren; tine view and sun; quiet neighborhood;
cheap.
DALE place. 7, off Golden Gate aye., near
Leavenworth fit. — Sunny furnished or unfur-
nished rooms: cheap.
DEVISADERO, 2004—3 large sunny furnished
rooms: running water; gas stove; 3 lines of
cars; bath. . .
EDDY, Unfurnished floor or two furnished
housekeeping rooms.
ELLIS, 616— Large pleasant room. $12; front
alcove, housekeeping rooms; single, $5.
ELLIS, 635, bet. Larkin and Hyde— 2 or 3 sunny
front rooms furnished for housekeeping.
FOLSOM, — 2 connecting rooms for house-
keeping and others; $4 per month.
GOLDEN GATE, Ho4— Sunny bay-window; $10;
i running water: housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE, Finely furnished bay-
window alcove; complete; running water;
bath; adjoining two closets.
HOWAItU 10SS— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite. hkpg, $12; others. $8; single, $4 mo.
LARKIN, SOt- Largfl sunny front with small
room; furnished; housekeeping; $9. ,
LEAVENWORTH. 515— nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; every convenience.
MCALLISTER, 422— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; bath and gas.
MINNA, 270, near Fourth— .housekeeping j
rooms; $0. - ■ . . j
MINNA, '646— Furnished rooms for housekeep- i
Ing. '
MONTGOMERY. 716—2 large sunny furnished !
rooms for housekeeping; gas and wash room;
cheap.
MISSION, 836— let, fine front parlor; two
housekeeping rooms furnished. v. ; .
MISSION. 833— Rooms complete for housekeep-
ing; $5 a month; single rooms $1 a week.
MISSION, 945— Nice front room, folding bed
and kitchen complete.
MISSION, 1123— Newly furnished rooms: house-
keeping: also others cheap.
MISSION, 1241—2 furnished sunny rooms; stove:
housekeeping; running water and. garden;
reasonable . . . • .
NINTH, 20, nenr Market— Front . bay-window
suite; water; stove; gas;sl2; single.
, PINE, 1310 — Sunny unfurnished parlor j floor S
rooms, kitchen; newly : papered ;- first class/ -
SEVENTH, 214—1 or 2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent reasonable. ... . ; : , "■•- ;■
SILVER, 165, near Fourth— parlor and
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping.
! HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
TAYLOR, 1926, corner Filbert— 3 or 4 sunny
rooms, light housekeeping; rent $10.
! THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st.— or 3 room*.
furnished for housekeeping; also other room*.
I THIRD, 263— Sunny front rooms furnished for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
I VAN NESS. 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
• nished sunny corner flat, 3 room- and bath;
3 closets; gas range; complete. -
VAN NESS aye., 518— Sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping; baths; $12 and $15.
VAN NESS aye., 940— Nicely furnished parlor
. floor for physician or housekpg; private fam.
ROOMS -O LET. -~ T ~
ALMA, 14A Geary— Furnished rooms and suites
from $1 50 per week up; transient.
A— STOCKTON, First-class sunny front
rooms; suite ; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 62 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or mo. baths, running water.
BALBOA, The. 1409 A Market— hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St., 3 block Palace Hotel—
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
I . .. — — ; ■
; BROADWAY, 700, corner Stockton— Fine sunny
furnished rooms, single or suites; also suites
for a doctor; rent reasonable.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, or. Mason—
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, Nicely furnished front rooms;
sunny; gas and bath.
ELLIS, 597— Parlor floor. 4 rooms, suitable for
offices or family; also single rooms.
FIFTH, 109— Nice sunny room; cheap; gentle-
men only or man and wife.
FIFTH, 309— New house; nicely furnished con-
necting suite; housekeeping rooms, first floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER. .
GEARY, 593— Handsomely furnished sunny cor-
ner suite, with piano; also single room; ref's,
GEARY, 656— Elegant sunny suites; privilege
light housekpg; double and single rooms; reas.
GEARY, 610—2 large sunny rooms, newly fur-
nished: also housekeeping rooms.
GEARY, 736— Nice sunny front room for 2, $6;
also room for 1. $5: bath; private.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 435— Nicely furnished
sunny room, suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1221— Four sunny rooms
and bath. •
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite ana
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL, The. 121 Powell Cheap neat
light Bunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOWARD. Single front room suitable for
one or two; reasonable.
j HOWARD, 874 — Sunny room, furnished or un-
i furnished^ _j ■
! HYDE, 609— Choice sunny; reasonable; appre-
I ciated If seen: pleaae investigate.
HYDE, 100014, corner Bine — front sunny fur-
nished single, rooms, $5 and $6; gents pre-
ferred. __.
HYDE, 1111— Large sunny furnished and unfur-
nished rooms.
KEARNY, 326— Back parlor, with use of front
parlor; for gentleman or gentleman and wife;
rent very low; private family.
LAP.KIN', 1210— Newly furnished front bay-
window room; suitable for 1 or 2 gents; $S.
j MARKET. 1027%. bet. fth and Elegantly
furnished front suit rooms; flrFt floor: $30.
MARKET. 1026 (Hawthorne House)— Nicely
furnished sunny rooms; also housekeeping.
1 MASON, 225— A sunny bay-window room, nicely
I furnished. $2 per week: others; transient.
MINNA. 28— Furnished rooms; also housekeep-
ing rooms. -
I MINNA, 327— Newly furnished sunny rooms.
j MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
; window room, $1 per week; transient.
! MINNA, 725, between Eighth and Ninth— 3 nice
i rooms; first floor; big yard; rent $8. -
1 O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; -ele-
I vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, Bay-window front suite, $6
week: single, double bed, $2 50 week; all
sunny; running water; closets; transient, 60c
and $_-..'. ■ ■ -_'.-"■
PERRY, 174— Two sunny rooms suitable for a
couple or single man. .
PHILADELPHIA House Furnished rooms, 75
cents a week and upward. 421 Bush »t. ■
' PINE, 910— Nicely furnished rooms to let.
POLK. 607— Sunny rooms, running water, newly
furnished, reasonable rent; also housekeeping
rooms. ' -.
' POST, 900— Newly furnished sunny rooms; sin-
j gle or double; gas; bath; quiet house.; cents.
POWELL, Nlcel-' furnished alcove . suite;
suitable for 1 or 2 gents; private house.
POWELL. 621— Sunny front bay-window room;
back parlor; also single: new house; bath.
ROOM? in good location by the day to respect-
able parties visiting city. Address "Select,"
box 061. Call. •■
j SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms: reasonable: also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 32S^_ — sunny unfurnished rooms;
rent cheap. ■
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 216V4— Sunny furnlsjied rooms; rent
cheap; quiet home; $5 up. ■ .
I STOCKTON, 603— Sunny single and suite; also
housekeeping rooms.
i TAYLOR. 414— Newly furnished sunny alcove;
other rooms; central: reasonable. ■
i TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
FUites: two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping: rooms from $5 to $12.
i TURK. 132— Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2; funny single front room, $6.
■ TURK, 524— Sunny front parlor suite; also nice
single room; gas and bath; reasonable.
VALENCIA, 1154— Sunny front alcove room,
I with kitchen; every convenience; moderate.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Fine large furnished
room for 2: hot, and cold water: bath: V"
: — — |
' ROOMS AND UOAtl).
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk sts.; auiet, homelike;
terms moderate: board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye.—
Rooms 60c up; board and room. $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
j BUSH. Changed hands; large sunny rooms;
i board; running water; bath.
I FOLSOM, 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GEARY, -J27— First-class board: home 1 cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, .So.* I
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for gent;
board; hot and cold water; $20; other rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per ]
month; single rooms accordingly. j
TURK First-class board with German I
family; $20: special rates to students.
VAN NESS, 400— Large sunny rooms; parlor
floor with board for man and wife or 2 boys;
j $4 50 per week. I
I VAN; NESS aye., Sunny furnished suites |
i and single rooms; first-class table board. •
VAN NESS, 1003— Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms. .
OFFICES TO L_T.
! EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.;
licrht, heat. janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
I to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
i TWO "fine furnished corner rooms, suitable for
, doctor or dentist. 405 Kearny st.
■" . ORKS TO LET.
NORTHEAST cor. ' Pacific and Sanaome sts.—
• Handsome corner store, $30 per month.
SPLENDID corner 5 store with 3 rooms and
high basement in new building; 521 Ellis St.;
fine location for wine house or French liquor 1
Etore • rent reasonable. DAVIDSON & |
LEIGH, Montgomery st. ,; :
i STORE fit for fruit stand or butcher shop. 3270
! Twenty-fourth st. ■'-.■-
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE ; free on all legal ' matters. J. B.
, EVANS, 14 McAllister st. .._-:/ •.
! c. E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law,
!,- 40 Montgomery st., room 16. .;-; ; - :
! L. 8. CLARK— Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
/ ket; consultation ' free; no fee* in • advance. :■
I ADVICE free; no charge unless successful, W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. J ,-
PERSONALS.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts con-
| traded by my wife, Dora Danziger. from this
day on. LOUIS DANZIGER. Oct. 3, 1898.
B. M. RAIFORD, spiritual medium, 152 Tenth
st. ; forceful facts.
WANTED —To know the whereabouts of
FRANKIE KEATING irom Portland. Or.
Address box 1194. Call. _
LEDERER'B Quinonla gives health and vitality
to the hair; 35c bottle. <J. LEDERER, ill
Stockton st.
LEDERER'S styles always correct; halrdre^s-
lng, 2.Jc; hair restored to its natural color,
$1 SO up; good switches. $1; finest. $3 50; extra.
$5; open Sunday 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111
I Stockton st.
I THE latest novelties in fine furs can be seen
at BERWIN & GASSNER'S new fur store,
| TO Kearny st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver; 25c. Greater West Advertising
and Novelty Co., 115514 Washington, Oakland.
I SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
j $1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth gt.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Btatcs or Canada one "ear -or $1 60, postage
paid.
MATRIMONY.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
I College, 91G Market: men and women teachers.
MME. GOi XSTEIN— EI ant stylish dresses. $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Kddy Ft., rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
I will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance: perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. V. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market «t.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their
future consult her immediately; poor peop'.a
half fee; by mall, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
I 426 Post st.
! MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
• MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. hear Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an nfn>° at 215 O'Farreil nt.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant, diseases cured
with revealed remedies; cancer cured without
pain: sittings $1 ; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton
IS. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. US Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st.; read-
Ings. »; dr. Tues . Frl.. 2 p. m. ; Men.. 8: 25c.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
! AS we are selling good upright pianos for $5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some gor>d pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
IJroadwny, Oakland.
AN elegant Sterling piano, slightly used; cab-
inet frrand, \#a!nut case, three pedals, a bar-
gain; also on* Vose & Son's, 1 Steck, 1 Chlck-
erlng and one Curtaz piano; if you intend
buying do so now; freights advance October
1 and we have five car loads of pianos com-
ing: we need room. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON.
Checkering Agents, 18 to 20 O'Farrell st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and SO O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HARDMAN agency; carload jupt received; 2
more cars to arrive; must have room: 2 ele-
gant instruments, one a Hardmnn, slightly
damaged; grent bargains; organ. $15. $50. THE
J. DEWING CO.. second floor. Flood bldg.
FOR the next 3ft days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost eo«t price b*» the ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 76S Market st. ; they
are making room for fresh stork.
1 SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Brlgrs and other pianos; see our rent plan:
no inter^t first year. 308, 310, Z\2 Post st.
AN elegant Btelnway, upri-ht for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 Van Ness aye.
A SMALL grand piano In fine condition; will
be sold reasonable. 411 Ellis st.
IT costs you !> to see pianos we rent for $3 per
mo. BCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
$75— GREAT bargain; nice upright. BCHMITZ,
| 16 McAllister St., next Hibernln. Bank.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price? Inv.e^t: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 13C Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old. and new. H.
MVT-T.ER, maker, repairer. C I>atha:n place.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dfea and treatment have never been known to
fait; travelers helped without delay; home in
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential; strong pills,
$1; guaranteed cure. $6. MRS. DR. WYETII,
208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
Bl years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or lrregulirity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or writ?; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIKS. 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong. $2.
| ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
I absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and Fure; no clanger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price II 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how lons standing;
every woman her own physician: restores al-
ways In one day: safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1: cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. Jtt Kearny st
A TREATMENT that raitora instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped Instantly:
home for patients; consult free: confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
I DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; beet care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't rioisy until too late.
DPOOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
ATTENTION! Rheumatism: guaranteed cure in
10 days; no pay till cured. 199 11yd? St.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife: sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 156 Second st.
ELEVENTH. 10C— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions hp'T mis tnken.
lIORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyanis, 220 Valencia st., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; al*o burgles, wagons,
harness, etc, at your own prioe; come and
malt» an offer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived — 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental Sale Yards, 72l Howard.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap 145 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
PPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A Hammond, *35~: Caligraph, $15: Yost, $23:
get sample work.. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery «t.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
COUNTRY REAL BSTATK.
A— 3so ACRES Napa Valley land in subdivisions
of 25 acres; the best of orchard and grain
land; yielded 17 cwt. per acre this season;
from $65 to |85 per acre. Box 715, Call.
TO RENT— In Contra Costa County, on San
Pablo Greek, 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150
acres land; welt watered, wooded: 300 acres
I good grain land; balance excellent pasture;
I suitable milk or stock ranch: R. R. facilities;
crops never fail. R. E. Rowland, Orinda Park.
FOR Sale — Stock ranch: 1200 acres land: 500
acres fine grain land, remainder grazing hill
land; abundant feed: well sheltered and
watered: situated In Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad; price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
i FORECLOSURE bargains offered by Oakland
Building and Loan Association. 1161 Twenty-
third aye.. East Oakland, Cal. ,•;■■■;
'; Lots from $150 up. ...-.,* ,--»
Houses. 5 to 8 rooms, from $1000. to $4000.
Call' and see our list. ■ .
i HOME on Linda Vista Terrace, on Piedmont
line; 8 minutes to City Hall; 40 minutes' to
Pan Francisco, with 15 minute ferry trips;
new house, 7 rooms, including 4 bedrooms:
light airy basement: best of construction and
finish; open nickel plumbing; 3 lavatories; gas
fixtures, etc.. complete ;'• large deep let; only
• $3700: easy Installments. HERON & HOL-
■ COMB. 1050 Broadway. ■ ■' ' ' .4 ';'-'■_■
FOR Pale in Oakland— New house. 7 rooms and
bath; 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125: fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
railroad " station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco: monthly installments. HERON & HOL-
COMB. 1050 Broadway. . ,
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-roorn flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms: stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station. Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL, 1006
Broadway.
HOTEL TO RENT UNFURNISHED.
! NEAR City Hall, on prominent corner, hotel' of
1 68 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters.
churches, etc. : rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMB, 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets; reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELtr-
HAAS' old etore, 408 Eleventh st. S*» him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
51350— 7-ROOM house; a bargain; call and see
it E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park st., Alameda.
BE. IKELE V REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— Lovely home, 8 rooms, bath; modern
improvements: large grounds, lawn and flow-
ers. 1901 Louisa st.
J3SOO— NEW house of 7 rooms and bath; all
modern Improvements; large lot: street work
all done and near tha university. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate Berkeley station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A LIST of city property. Alameda. Oakland,
Berkeley; holies to exchange;, ranches; fruit
and stock, ranches; houses, flats and lots
sold on installment or part cash; city or
across the bay; loans negotiated. ■ ElTfc.l..,
1016 Market t. ■ '■
$3000— HOUSE 11 rooms, etc.; lot 25x100; ex-
change for city or country property. J. F.
PLUMBF., 1402 Valencia st. '
7 MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission st., above
Sixth:. telephone South 14.. - »
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal .advances on diamonds and Jew-
• elry at the , lowest . rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick confidential: no commis-
sion: lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st. ;
ANY amount at V*. per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, eatates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d'mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN" and home capital to Invest. SYI?
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light it floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns,
$3 £0 up: gold filling!?. $1 up; silver. 50c up;
bridge work a specialty: written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but - experienced dentists to do your
work: no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 3 Ma-
son st.. corner Market; phone South 7SI.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years,
• teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
' out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors ;• full set
of teeth, $•"> up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand: open evenings.
997 Market st., corner Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION, BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
. New York dentists. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
| SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. •
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The . Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
legal notices:
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
ment No. . ' Amanda J. Fennell, ' plaintiff,
vs. Gerald M. Fennell, defendant. Action
brought in the Superior Court, City and
County of San- Francisco, State \ of Cali-
fornia! and the complaint filed In said City
and County of San Francisco, In the office
of the Clerk of said Superior Court.
The People of the State of California send
greeting to Gerald M. Fennell, defendant.
You. are hereby required to appear In an ac-
tion brought against you by the above-named
plaintiff in the Superior Court City and
County of San Francisco. State of California,
and to answer the complaint filed therein
within ten days (exclusive of the day of
service) after the service on you of this
summons, if served within this county; or,
if served elsewhere, within thirty days.
The said action Is brought to obtain a judg-
ment and decree of this, court dissolving the
bonds of matrimony now existing, between
plaintiff and defendant, upon the ground of
defendant's desertion of plaintiff and also on
the ground of his wilful neglect of her; also
for general relief, as will more fully appear
in the complaint on file, to which special ref-
erence is hereby made. .
All of- which will more fully appear in the
complain^ on file herein to which you are
•hereby referred.
And you are hereby notified that if you fail
to eppear and answer the said complaint, as
i'■ above required, the said plaintiff will apply
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my hand and seal of raid
Superior Court at the City and County of San
Francisco, State, of California, this 2Sth day
of Sept^moer, in . the year of our Lord, one
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.
[Seal.] C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORD AN, Deputy Clerk.
THOUNHILL OR THORNLEY— It GEORGE
THORNHILL, otherwise THORNLEY, for-
- merly of Rochdale Road. Manchester, r Eng-
■ land -- (who . when - last ■ heard of was a sailor
and had arrived at San Francisco in the year
1S87) will communicate with the undersigned,
he will hear of something to his advantage.
BROOKS,. MARSHALL & CO. solicitors.
Hyde, and 104 King at.. Manchester, England.
,:.:..•■;. ■..-;..;■ STORAGE.
PIERRE-RUDOLPH Storage and'Slo^aJTco^
otQce Tenth and Market; telephone South Hi.
EDUCATIONAL.
i : ~~~ — ~ — «^~~~~~
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post "st.— Book-
keeping, business , practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AYRES'. Business College, 723 Market st.; indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English.
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
! WANTED— lady or gentleman to give
I private lessons -to high school student even-
! ings; terms must be reasonable. Box 82, Call.
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry, Ph.B., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channtng way, Berkeley; wrltefor circular.
j ENGINEERING School— electrical, mm
I ing, meeh. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.
| est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
instructions; correct.natural method. l'3oßush.
SINGING lessons given in exchange for dress-
making. Box 716, Call office.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell:
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
MARCHESI'S vocal studio reopened. 811 Leav-
enworth, nr. Sutter; pri. tuition; voice cult.
PIANO and German: pupil of Conservatory la
Lelpslc; lessons. 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
j ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Khrman, 1234 Bush.
: BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
; mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
i in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
GILMOUR— In this city, September 28. 1898, to
the wife of John Gllmour, a daughter.
MORRIS— In this, city, September 27, 1898, to
' the wife of Henry Morris, a daughter.
MACK— In this city, October 1. 1898, to the
wife of G. W. Mack (nee Ismert), a son.
TUGGLE— In this city. September 29, IS9B, to ;
'.he wife of Dr. S. P. Tuggle. a son. .
DIED.
Anderson, Lewellyn . Kills, Ernest C.
Ah Gee Levy, Simon
Burke, John K. Lehmhus, Richard
lilute, John Rammingrer, John A. .
Barbich (Infant) Schuur, Annie
Butler, Hannah Starrs, Michael .
Chapman, Walter F. Schultz, Dorothea O.
Dewey, George Whalen, William
Dempsey, Winnlfred Whitmore, Lucy J.
Danniel, Emil Zeitfuchs. Edward
' ANDERSON— In this city. October 2, 1898.
Lewellyn W.. beloved husband of Katie
Anderson, and father of Irene and Frank L.
Anderson, a native of Ohio, aged 46 years.
AH GEE— this city, October 2, 1893, Ah Gee.
a native oS China.
BURKE— In this city. September 30, John
Kirkpatrick, beloved father of John, Leo and
Daniel Burke and Mrs. C. L. Mitchell, a na-
tive of Queenstown, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 53 years 7 months and 16 days.
BLUTE— In this city, October 1. 18M, John
Blute, a native of Ballygulrry, County Water-
ford. Ireland, aged 48 years.
O"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking •
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BARBICH— this city, October 1, 1898, infant
daughter- of Anton and Lucy Barbich, a na- ;
tive of San Francisco.
BUTLER— In Oakland, October I. 1898, Han-
nah, beloved wife of Patrick Butler, a na-
tive of parish Killmichael, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 70 years.
[t^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 920 Klrkham street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass v.ill be celebrated for tne repose of her .
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock: Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
CHAPMAN— this city, October 2, 189 S. Wal-
ter Francis, beloved son of Samuel and Kitty
Chapman, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 3 months and 11 days. ■*.
1C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
■ (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DEWEY— In this city, October 2. 189? George,
husband cf Kate Dewey, and father of
James and Willie Dewey, a native of Mon-
treal. Canada, aged 55 years.
■ JET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 334 San Jose avenue. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. •
DEMPSEY— this city. October 1. IS9B, Winnl-
f red M., dearly beloved - and only child of
. Martin and Wlnnifred Dempsey, a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 days.
DANNEIL— this city. September 29. r»8,r »8,
| Emil, beloved husband of Rosalie Danneil, a
• native of, Magdeburg. Germany, aged 54 years
8 month? and 13 days.
Friends and acquaintances and members
of Court Hubertus No. 15, F. of A., are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Em
tracht Hall. : 237 Twelfth, street, where tha
■ funeral services will be held under the aus-
pices of Verein Eintracht. thence to I. O.
O. F. - Cemetery, where the remains will be
cremated. Remains at the parlors of Theo-
dor Dierks & Co.. 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth.
HILLS— In Mountain View. September 29, 1898,
Erne3t C, son of Austin and Harriet A. Hills. .
a native of Maine, aged 40 years 8 months and
9 days. .
(nT-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully i:i\!ted to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents. 1913 Henry street, between Col-
lege way and Berkeley way. Berkeley (Ber-
keley station.)
LEVY— In this city, October 2, 1898, Simon, be-
loved husband of Rosalie Levy, a native of
■ Germany, aged C 6 years.
Notice of fun»ral hereafter.
LEKMHUS— In this city, October 1, 1898. Rich-
ard beloved husband of Amaiia Lehmhus, a
native of Meklenburc, Germany, . aged 58
years 11 months and 8 days.
IGrFrieiidVand acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Druids' Hall.
413 Sutter street, where the funeral services
will be held under the auspices of San Fran-
cisco Lodge. No. 1, Od. H. S. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
RAMMINGER— In this city. October 2. 1898,
John Antony, beloved husband ■ of Harriet
Rammtnger, a native of. Bavaria. Germany,
aged 49 years 2 months and 28 days. A mem-
ber of the German Krieger Verein.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. ■
SCHUUR— In this city. October 2, 1898. Annie,
beloved wife of William J. Schuur, mother of
Mary William L. and John H. Schuur, and
sister of Kate Wiseley, a native of County
Leitrim, Ireland, ased 44 years and 24 days.
tcTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. Wednes-
! day October 5, at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness ave-
nue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at
10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STARRS— In this city. October 1. 1898, Michael
Starrs, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland.
aged 70 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited tr attend the funeral this. day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2513 Sutter street, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, where a solemn requiem man
will be celebrated for the repose of his X ul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
SCHULTZ— Bouldln Island, September 30.
IS9S Dorothea Georgine Louisa Echuitz, be-
loved mother of Louis E.. Theodore. Ernest
A and Frederick J. Schultz. ■ a native of Os-
Osterode, .Hanover. Germany, aged 79 years 9
months and 14 days. -■> • ■'■
C7"Funeral services take place this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, at her late residence.
2426 Filbert street. Funeral private. Inter- --
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
I WHALEN— In Sacramento, September 30, 1838,
1 William Whalen, brother of the 'ate Michael
Whalen. -and uncle of John. Charles and
Lizzie Whalen, a native of the parish of Kll-
larnoy. County Kerry. Ireland, ared 63 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. • Mary's Catnedral, Van Ness
i avenue and O'Farrell street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be ' Celebrated for the re-
pose of hi? soul at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount. Calvary Cemetery. .
i WHITMORE— In Oakland. . September 30. 1898,
cf heart failure. Lucy Jane,' widow of Daniel
. Whitmore of Ceres, Cal.. a native of Ohio,
i aged 73 year* and. 7 months.
ZEITFUCHS— In this city, October 2. 1898, Ed-
ward, beloved brother of Emil and Ulbrlch
' Zeitfuchs, a native of Germany, aged 60
years 3 months and S days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances and members
I of Pacific Stamm No. 78, W. O. R. M.. are
respectfully Invited- to attend the funeral
Wednesday, October 5, at 1:30 o'clock, from
the residence, of Mrs. Philip SteC/ter, 317 Mm- .
■na street, and thence to Teutonia Hall. 1322
: Howard street, where the funeral services
will be held under' the auspices of Gesell-
- schaft Teutcnia at 2 o'clock. Interment ■I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
I ' A^AVOV C^ALLAGHEH."*^^T >
FUNERAL DIRECTORS EMHAL.JrIER3 j
FUNERAL DIiUBCTUttM A iiMHALiIERS I
I iC IIIIE ST., «pp. Liacala Ssajjl. 1
.- ■ Telephone, South -^•_, .,., i -
■ - H. iB. McAVOY. Manager. « a
I MCAVOY &. CO.. |
IH. DIRECTORS Manager. 3
McflVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMHALMERI I
B 1235 Market st., between St and 9th. -.1
I _^i__i_X _--Bo"l^ A'^__-—_ —*
910
CHAPLAIN T.K.
FREEMAN TAKES
HIS OWN LIFE
Suicided in Japanese
Waters.
WAS DESPONDENT AND ILL
HIS WIFE WAS TOO LATE TO
MEET HIM.
The Chaplain of the Baltimore,
Broken Down in Health, Jumps
Overboard From the
Zealandia.
The latent advices from Japan bring
the story of the sad ending of Thaddeus
Freeman, the chaplain of the Baltimore,
■who committed suicide in the harbor of
Nagasaki.
Just before the war broke out Freeman
was a chaplain at the Mare Island Navy
yard. He enlisted in the service without
a thought of the horrors of war, but was
assigned to active duty on the Baltimore.
Boon after the memorable engagement of
Manila Hay Freeman's health began to
fail and he grew steadily worse. About
a month ago he was condemned and was
taken on board the Zealandia to be sent
home.
The trip of the Zea.landia was a stormy
one. In her course to Yokohama she met
with heavy typhoons that damaged her
so severely that it was necessary to put
In at Nagasaki for repairs.
Freeman, though he seemed to recover
his physical health somewhat, gave way
to a profound mental depression in Nagr
asaKi. He was suffering from nervous
prostration and at times was in a most
serious condition. One morning the
passengers on the Zealandia were arous
ed by the cry of "Man overboard," and
before assistance could be brought to the
drowning man he had sank from sight.
Th»> cr«\v say that Freeman deliberately j
cast himself overboard and that it was
not accidental drowning, as was first re
ported.
When the reports of the chaplain's ill
health first reached this country his wife
left her home in the East to meet her
husband at Yokohama. She arrive, i
there just in time to hear of his demise,
but the news she received was that he |
had met death by accidental drowning. |
She was heart broken and desolate and j
was about to set out for Nagasaki at
once when word from the Government of
fldala reached her there. She was in
formed that the body nad been found and
that it would be sent to this country at
once. Mrs. Freeman was advised by
friends to return to America lmmedi
ately, which she did, and the fact of
suicide was kept from her. Mrs.
Freeman arrived in this city on the
Gaelic last Friday and left at once for
her home in the East.
Thaddeus S. K. Freeman received his
commission as chaplain in the navy on
June 4, 1837. and was assigned to duty on
the Baltimore. October 16 of the same
year. His remains will be brought ovor
on the next steamer. He was a young
man and his wife is barely 20.
WILL PRESERVE
NEW PAVEMENTS
HOUSEMEN ADVOCATING THE
USE OF A NEW SHOE.
It Is Practically Noiseless and Does
Not Tear Sun-Softened Bitumen
as Do the Common Ones.
Now that the City Fathers nave taken
active steps toward improving: the streets
of San Francisco by replacing the un- i
Bilghtly and noisy cobbles with bitumen, j
veterinary surgeons, and horsemen in
general, are advocating the use of a new
rubber and steel horse shoe, which is cal
culated not only to preserve the pave
ments, but to rlo away with noise and
concussion and to expand the hoof, there
by adding to the years of an animal s
usefulness.
In action the rubber strikes the pave
ment first and the weight of the animal
then compresses the rubber until the i
Bteel rests securely on the ground. The
fact of the rubber being the first to come
in contact with the pavement stops all ,
noise make no indentation in the bitu- ;
men and assists the horse In many ways.
It prevents slipping and the expanding
nature of the pad adds to the lightness of
a "n a New York and Chicago such shoes
have been generally adopted, and horse- ;
men of this city, wishing to be abreast of |
the times have determined .to assist in ;
the preservation of the new pavements
and shoe their horses with this end in
view.
IS THE WOBLD BETTER P
Rev. Locke Says Men Are Not as Bad
as They Were Formerly.
Rev. Dr. Locke, in the first of a series
of lectures commenced last night at the
Central Methodist Church on Mission
street is satisfied from a comparison
made 'of the evils of to-day and those of
our forefathers that man is hetter now
tl-an he was 100 years ago. There is less
open profanity now than there was In the
earlier days. In years gone by com
manders of the army publicly swore at
their men; Judges swore in court at cv -
tirtts- lawyers in court when arguing their
cases Now this is no longer tolerated,
diftnitv and decorum prevail instead. Jt
Is only the low and vulgar who ue pro- |
fane language in public. In some of the
Eastern States they have a law to punuh
profaners at the lord's name. It is «co
bad said he. that such a law does not
exist in San Francisco.
In this day there is no such thing In
this country as dueling, not so in days
cone by when the leading men of the
country sought this means of upholding
their honor. But we still have pugilists.
a more reprehensible and degrading in
novation, for the code of honor. We have
abolished the Louisiana lottery and i
turned our faces against gambling. This |
vice is now followed in a kindergarten
sort of way In the dark corners in the
rear of whisky shops. We havo abolished
polygamy, and it is to be hoped that every
building erected in Salt Lake City and
elsewhere dedicated to that debasing
practice shall be pulled down; that no
more remembrance of its existence shall
bo permitted to stand within the
United States: And last but not
least we have abolished slavery and
turned the dark man out of bondage.
FATE OF SUPERIOR JUDGES.
Premonitions of a Fight in the Non-
Partisan Convention.
There may be a hot time in the Non-
Partisan convention to-night when the
report of the committee on indorsement
of Superior Judges is presented. In this
municipal campaign the Non-Partisans
declare that loyalty to the new charter is
the first consideration, yet the committee
appointed to consider judicial nomina
tions has decided to give Henry N. Cle
ment, a nominee for Superior Judgre on
the Republican ticket, the "cold, distant
overlook" and to approve the nomina
tions of Judges Wallace, Seawell, Trout
and Borden.
Frank Sullivan, Mayor Phelan and the
other Democratic managers who are
seeking to run the Non-Partisan move
ment as a fusion sideshow may have
hard work to maintain a slate on which
the names of H. N. Clement Is not writ
ten. Mr. Clement has been giving his
time for years to charter making and is
the author of several subdivisions of the
pending charter relating to public utili
ties ana municipal reforms. He stands at
the head and front of new charter build
ers. It Is reported that two of the Judges
ON MARSH AND UPLAND.
Gunmen Open the Season V/l/ith a Bom
bardment of Both Quail and Ducks.
ON boih upland and marsh there has
been a continual abandonment dur
ing the past two days, denoting
that the shooting season has been
ushered in under auspicious condi
tions. The quail and the ducks have been
plentiful or scarce, according to the local
ities over which the city sportsmen have
shot.
Up Point Reyes way royal sport has
been enjoyed with the quail by some of
the best known of the shotgun brigade.
Samuel F. Hughes was about high grun,
having thirty-eight birds to his credit.
Bward Rodolph killed twenty-eight;
Frank Maskey. thirty-two; Charles
Precht. twenty-one; Frederick E. Peter
ron eighteen; Mr. Ryan, thirteen; Peter
■\V Watson, twelve quail and three mal
lard while Frank Vernon and Thomas
Irving bagged eighty-one quail between
them Mr. Vernon's second day's sport
was spoiled in a measure as he shot his
dog in the eye. Inflicting a slight wound
that caused his retirement from the field.
Mr Hughes shot over his favorite Kng
llsh setters Silverplate and Doctor Dow
nev Mr. Kerrigan, who secured the un
usually large bag of between sixty and
seventy, was accompanied by his Eng
recommended by the committee for in
dorsement opposed the adoption of the
charter. The story goes that the Repub
licans on the indorsement committee
made a great kick over the turning down
of Mr Clement and resolved to reopen
the contest on the floor of the convention
The Democratic bosses. Sullivan and
Phelan. may find to-night that the Re
publican Non-Partisans have determined
to make a stand on what they believe to
be principles of right and justice.
Asthma, bronchitis, ratarrh cureEUaranfd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium. '14 Pine. nr. Kearny. fa.F. Cal.
REPUBLICAN CAMPAIGN.
Messrs. Gage, Patton and Kahn Will
Speak To-Night.
There -will be a Republican rally to-night
at Saratoga Hall, Geary street, between
I Hyde and Larkin. under the auspices of
i the Continental League and the Thirty
! Cnnerc-ss in the Fourth District will ad
' dress the public. The name speakers will
appear at Teutonla Hall. Howard street.
i between Ninth and Tenth streets, during
! the evening. They will be the guests of
! the Thirtv-flrst District Club.
To-morrow night they are to speak un
der the auspices of the Thirty-sixth Dis
trict Club at Rolando Hall Twenty-eighth
and Church streets also before the Thlr
i tv-fourth District Club in Native Sons
! Hall Seventeenth and Valencia streets
On Saturday evening Eugene X Loud,
i candidate for Congress in the Fifth Dis
trict will speak in Odd Fellow? Hall. He
will be followed by R. B. Copplnger.
, . ■» «
\ Mclaughlin cbowned king.
Celebration of the California Schuet
zen Clud and Its Friends.
The members of the California Schuet
j zen Club and their friends, wives and rel
atives turned out in force at Schuetzen
Park, near San Rafael yesterday, in cele
! bratlon of the distribution of prizes won
i at the annual shooting tournament of
September 25 and 26.
A banquet was given those present in
the large pavilion, A. Rahwyler acting as
toastmaster. After the banquet Philo
Jacoby crowned "King" Mr. McLaughlin.
i with a crown of roses a la Caledonia and
! presented him with the diamond medal
and the silver cup. A Strecker and J.
! T'tschig Sr. received cups. The latter
received the money prize and R. Langer
the prize for the best center. Strecker
and D. B. Faktor took the prizes on the
| honorary- target.
The famous cup won by a team from the
club at the Chicago Centennial in 1576 was
then brought forth, filled with cham
pagne, and passed around. This consti
tuted the "love feast" and ended the
ceremonies.
With the Handball-Players.
Politlcs has to a certain extent inter
fered with the boys of the handball
court.
Following are the scores for the day:
W. Hassell and B. Clements defeated M.
Maruire and C. Quinn. Score: 21—15,17—21,
21— IS.
Dr. W. H. Siefcerst and M. Bosrh defeated
J. R. Hockman and E. McDonough. Score:
21—18. 13-21. 21—17.
D Resan and J. Hogan defeated T. Foley
and J. Condon. Score: 21—19, 14—21, 21—16.
G Llndauer and D. O'Brien defeated P.
Gau*han and M. McNeil. Score: 21—1;, 19—21.
21— 2n.
J. DoTPltnt and M. Rasch defeated P. Ryan
and E. Barry. Score: 21-16. 14-21. 21—19.
J Collins and T. Leach defeated M. Magnlre
! and M. MeOlure. Score: 21—13. 15—21, 21—17.
A. Hampton and E. Maloney defeated J.
' White and J. Harlow. Score: 21—16. 17—21.
21—13.
M J. Kllgallon and A. Hampton defeated J.
Riordan and E. Maloney. Score: 21—12. 13—21,
21—18.
Non-Partisan Convention.
A session of the Non-Partisan Conven
tion will be held Monday evening at Pio
neer Hall on Fourth street, near Mar
ket, instead of at the Academy of
Sciences, as was first announced.
FUN FOR DOG AND AUDIENCE.
Despite Manager Morrisey's unquenchable faith in perpetual good luck,
things got started off wrong last night, and for fifteen minutes the genial
manager, a squad of specials and a half hundred perspiring waiters were
kept hustling to quiet the merriment that resulted from two good turns
not on the bills.
The gallery gods started the lirst racket. Somewhere down In the four
bit seats they discovered an over-afffotionato pwaln w"h b's nrm i»«gim«^
once or twice round the waist of the girl he had bought tickets for. The
gallery couldn't stand for It, and with that quiet insistence looked for
from upstairs, they demanded that 'de guy be thrown out." He was.
The dog that plays football with vie iwo x .^,,.» ..^o — U „« _>i..
sey's feelings.
The beast had it in for the leading clown for some reason, and when the
kick-off was called he made a forty-yard punt into the audience. The audi
ence returned, but the dog caught the big sphere on the tip of his nose and
sent it back for a ten-yard gain, and from then on the play was hot be
tween the audience, the dog and a squad of specials captained by Morrisey.
Morrisey got the ban finally, but lost It on an off side play, and a clean
punt placed it in the gallery. The gallery worked along on a half dozen
clever masse plays and finally returned it to the stage, where Towser
missed another punt, and the ball was taken on a down by the elder Paoli.
Morrisey posted a ten-dollar fine against the dog and the show was re
sumed.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, MOSTPAY, OCTOBER 3, 1898.
lish setter, Whip: Mr. Rodolph had Dick
R and Mr. Precht, hie pointer, Dick.
The weather on Saturday was ideal for
the men who went far afield, resembling
a day in May rather than the first of
October. Birds were plentiful, being
chiefly old ones that acted nicely. They
flushed that, like old birds, they would not
after that, like old birds, they would not
lay. The heavy rain of Saturday sent
the quail to the hill tops, where they were
found in bunches. The old brigade from
this city was reinforced by some twenty
new men who had never shot over this
district heretofore. Frank Maekey was
so pleased with the prospects of addi
tional sport that he determined to stay
over until Wednesday.
The members of the Country Club were
delighted with the sport afforded by their
preserves in Marin County. Those who
were out were Robert Oxnard. J. M. Kll
gariff, J. Leroy Nickel, Henry Oxnard,
W. S. Kittle. W. S. Davis. Dr. H. B. de
Marvllle. J. K. Orr and Dr. F. W. Vow
inckle. A bag is limited to twenty-five
birds for a day's shoot, which limit was
reached by nearly every one present.
The quail shooters, who sought sport
nearer the city did not fare so well.
About the most successful was a party of
Berkeleyans who shot near Mill Valley.
The party was composed of Billy Ede,
THE BURGLARS
ARE BREAKING
THE RECORDS
Rob One Building Six
Times Safely!
POLICE DONT BOTHER THEM
COMPLAINTS PBOVE TO BE OF
NO AVAIL.
Victims of the House-Breakers Must
Look to Private Detectives for
Protection of Their
•Property.
The enterprising frugal burglar Is still
< "burgling" on his Joyous and successful
| way in the same old fruitful preserves ai:
I the northwest corner of Geary and Jones
streets.
A few days ago the attention of the
public was called to the fact that within
! thirty days these flats had been robbed
I five times; that on one occasion a wagon
| load of personal property had been re
! moved during a bright night, and the
| guardian of the peace never knew that
i the earnest thief was attending to busl
: ness. He was, and that is more than can
! be said of the gentleman of helmet and
i club.
While these housebreakers were de
spoiling the defenseless taxpayer practi
cally within the shadow of the dome of
the City Hall the autocratic gentlemen
i who order events in the Police Depart
ment had been twice notified of the monot
onous raids that were going on and wore
told how the criminals could be easily
taken. In the office of the Chief of Police,
after emphatic protest had been made,
promises were given that the matter
would be attended to at once. Iso atten
tion was given by headquarters to tnese
promises, and the result was that while
the police were dodging their duty the
thieves had every possible accommoda
tion— freedom from police interference,
and a good field upon which to work.
The strange part of the proposition is
that from the first the excuse of the no
lice detectives for not capturing the regu
lar housebreaker was that they were too
busy and after another big rnld had been
piled upon the record tha detective who
came around to take a look at things and
see where the space was that had been
formerly occupied by valuable property
the plea was still that they were "too
The occupants of this particular row of
flats have decided that it is useless to en
deavor to interest the police in their trou
bles and they are considering a proposi
tion to employ a private detective from
one of the responsible agencies to not
only protect their property but bring the
criminals to justice. This idea was the
result of another descent of the thieves,
in which they cleaned out all the larders
that had been filled for Sunday consump
tion. This raid was made Saturday night
and in view of the fact that it is the sixth
visitation within five weeks the house
holders in that building are afraid to
leave their premises lest those same "im
Moulton Warner. Billy Houston, Billy
Durbow, Stewart Rawlins, Edward Rob
inson and C. Turney, and the combined
bag was forty birds. _
Another party of three— H. Kohler. F.
Noltemeler and A. Little wood— covered
considerable country near Fairfax with
but little to show for their outing.
E. Tichnor and William Hale traversed
the country above Millwood without see
ing a bird,
E. S. Michelssen, C. M. Wallam and
Mr. Graham explored the country near
Sausallto. The birds lay so close the
dogs could not find them owing to de
fective scent. A number of birds were
seen on the military reservation, but the
guards were alert and would permit no
shooting.
The men who sought ducks had much
the same experience as the quail shooters.
Some of the best-known grounds proved
a blank. This was true of Mt. Eden.
Ralph Brown, S. McFarland, Alexander
Robinson and L. Schnell found but few
birds. George Carlson bagged eight at
Alviso, while Alexander Pape bagged
twenty near Alvarado. Frank Melster
secured twenty-four rail at the same
place.
The universal complaint was that the
birds were exceedingly wild and flew high
above the range of the guns. Tomales
Bay is reported full of ducks which will
come south with the first big storm.
Those that are going south are heading
for the fresh water ot Los Banns.
Herman Oelrichs was the most success
ful of the men on the Suisun marshes
He bagged thirty-two! W. J. Street secur
ed htree mallards and two teal which was
about the average bag of the day. Many
men remained over until to-day to avail
themselves of the morning flight of the
birds.
mune" burglars remove the entire house
hold furniture while they are absent.
This Is only one instance of the many
that are reported at headquarters, and
that is the last heard of the matter.
To the tax payer who is being despoiled
by the active thief and can get no protec
tion the fact that Chief Lees' thief takers
who are "too busy" to catch programme
burglars, can be readily found holding
down the fronts of cigar stores in the
"Tenderloin," is no particular satisfac
tion.
"If I were rich and could afford to lose
these things," paid one of the weary vic
tims, "or if my name was connected with
the management of nn influential corpor
ation, my property would have been re
covered promptly and the thieves sent to
punishment. As it is. I am an ordinary
citizen living in the heart of the city and
I can't get any kind of protection. Since
C aptain Lees went to the head of the de
partment this kind of lawlessness seems
to have greatly increased. They were not
robbing prominent places five times a
month in the center of the town when
Chief Crowley was in charge. Somehow
it does no good to file complaints in these
days."
FOB GAGE AND NEFF.
Army and Nevy Men Will Vote
Solid for the Republican Can
didates.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Army and Navy Republican
League was held Saturday. It was at
tended by Commander-in-Chlef Seaman
of Sacramento, H. C. Talcot, E. R. Mer
riam, M. D. Hyde. H. T. Smith, E. I.
Herrick, T. C. Mastellar and a large num
ber of other prominent army and navy
men. Commander-ln-Chief Seaman ad
dressed the assemblage and took occa
sion to remark upon the marked enthu
siasm which pervades the State in favor
of the Republican candidates. Between
80 anu 90 per cent of the old veterans will
cast their votes for Gage and NefT. New
camps have ben established at Oakland,
Santa Rosa and Sonora and applications
for the creating of many more are on the
tapis.
Other organizations have been collect
ing money for campaign expenses, repre
senting that such proceeds were to assist
the Army and Navy League, and a cir
cular was issued by the committee ask
ing that no donations be made except to
the regular officers of the league.
Two Immense mass meetings have been
arranged by the officers, one to be held
in San Francisco, October 28, at which
General Barnes, Judge Carpenter, Judge
Fitzgerald and Senator Ford have been
invited to speak, and the other will oc
cur at Oakland November 3. Com
mander-ln-Chief Seaman will preside at
each.
ANOTHER FIGHT
IS PROMISED
MAXWELL AND YOUNG PLUTO
MAY MIX THINGS.
Excelsior and Western Athletic Clubs
Both Bidding for the Go, and
Good Sport Is Probable.
Lovers of flstlcs are to have another op
portunity to lay their good money for or
against Sammy Maxwell If Gus Herget,
Maxwell's manager, accepts either of i.ie
propositions that are now offering. Since
Maxwell's clever defeat of Jimmy Lawlor
he has been a good deal In the sport'ng
i-ye, and his manager and admirers have
been casting about for a suitable contest.
Young Pluto, the Australian feather
weight who has recently returned from a
gold hunting expedition In the Klondike,
has been picked as the most likely man
for an even money go, and the prelim
inary arrangements with him are practi
cally completed. All that remains is. the
acceptance of one of the two offers that
have been made by the Excelsior and
Western Ahtletlc clubs. Both organiza
tions have signified their desire to pull
off the fight, out as yet have stated no
definite terms. It Is expected that In a
day or so this will have been done, as
both clubs are in dally communication
with Herget and Maxwell's backers.
Young Pluto Is pretty well known In
San Francisco sporting circles as a clever
man. He has in the past fought six draws
with young Griffo, the last one being a
75-round go, that was "called" on account
of daybreak or some other sufficient rea
son. He further established his reputa
tion by doing an eleven-round draw
with Jack McGowan, the feather
weight champion of the Antipodes,
shortly before he went to the Klon
dike on a hunt for quick money. A defi
nite announcement is looked for during
the present week.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Serenaded The Call.
One of the attractive features of the
grand political demonstration on Saturday
in honor of Candidates Gage and Neff was
the effective appearance of the Union
League band and drum corps. Arrayed in
striking uniforms they marched up Mar
ket street, the corps pausing to cheer
while the band serenaded The Call, and
with fiimbeaus ablaze escorted the great
Republican nominees to Woodward's ra
vllfon. There both band and drill corps
were enthusiastically received, every one
commenting on their efficiency and sol
dierly bearing.
KNOWN TO THE
SIX CITY
AUTHORITIES
Shady Reputation of
the Neads.
COMPLICATIONS IN THE CASE
THEY ARE SAID TO BE VERY
OLD OFFENDERS.
Their Attorney Is Positive They Are
What They Claim to Be and
That he Can Prove Their
Innocence.
If J. M. Nead and his wife succeed in
proving to Police Judge Low that they
are what they profess to be— workers in
the Christian field— and not social para
sites of the lowest type, as charged by
the Police Department, they will have
been the victims of the strangest case of
mistaken identity that has been un
earthed in criminal records here for many
years. .
But It Is going to be no easy matter for
them to prove their innocence, despite
many circumstances that point In their
favor. .
The story of Mrs. Nead's arrest and
conviction on a charge of vagrancy, and
her husband's arrest on a similar charge
when he appeared in court to aid his
wife, was told in yesterday s Call. A
more serious charge against the woman
was dismissed and sentence on the vag
rancy allegation was P ost P on A ed ** *?
request of the Prosecuting Attorney of
the court until to-day. ._
After their release from custody Mr.
and Mrs Nead engaged the services of
Attorney Frank V. Bell to extricate them
ffSelVpredlcainent and yesterday
the lawyer was confident he would ha\e
no trouble whatever in securing the tri
umphant acquittal of his clients.
Mead and his wife could not be found
at their appartments, 120 Turk street,
yesterday but Mr. Bell had no hesitancy
Ir i declaring that the couple were the vie-
Urns of a Itupid blunder, or • worse on
the part of Policeman Joy. and that he
would endeavor to have the whole case
reopened this morning, when he would
subject the arresting officer to a rigid
CF "Joy e claim8 d the n woman approached him
one night in the Thalia Theatre, said
Be!l. "*nd made improper overtures to
nlm But he did not arrest her then and
Sere a§ he should have done. Instead he
waited until last Wednesday evening,
when she left her residence about 9
o'clock to go to a neighboring drug store
for some medicine to alleviate a head
ache from which she was suffering. As
she was returning home and almost in
front of her door, the officer placed her
"""She 1« a 'prepossessing little woman
modest and retiring to a degree that
amounts to diffidence. As for the charge
am Ins Mr. Nead, it is absurd, for he can
eEslly prove that he has been engaged in
*ome" business pursuit ever since he ar
r ™d in San Francisco. I have wired to
several persons in the East to whom
Nead has referred me and expect to get
repHes as to his character in time to pre
sent them to the court.
Although Attorney Bell had not re
ceived any answer to his telegrams last
nhrht The > Call received the following dis-
Satch from Sioux City, which is anything
but a cert flcate of good character to
NVmi and his wife. If the couple it refers
fo are the same as the two who have
fallen into the hands of the San Fran
cisco police:
SIOUX CITY. la., Oct. 2.— J. M. or
••Vl l iv" Nead as he is more commonly
known here and his wife. Nellie Nead.
we?r?or a l.ng time well known charac
ters in Sioux City. They ran for years
a notorious house and were frequently in
58£S were committed
at their resort, however, it invariably
proved impossible to connect them dlrect
lv with any offense and. greatly to the
annoyance of the authorities, they always
e?Sd conviction. Many attempts were
madeto drive them from the city, but all
fa l id until, the winter of 1595. when one
of the girls in their house was shot and
instantly killed by William Royce. the
son of eminently "respectable parents In
th jealousy was assigned as the cause of
the crime, and though the Neads had
really no part in it, so much attention
was attracted by the circumstances to the
Character of their place that they deemed
it advisable to leave the city and take
up the r residence in Covington, a village
on the Nebraska bank of the Missouri
Rivpr directly opposite Sioux City.
They continued even then to interest
themselves in Sioux City affairs, and were
more than once suspected of acting as a
"fence" for crooks on this side of the
river Nead was indicted at least once by
the Grand Jury here, but a strong enough
case did not exist against him to warrant
his extradition from another State. He
was very careful about venturing within
the jurisdiction of the lowa authorities
and finally disappeared altogether. Until
the news reached here of the couple s ar
rest in San Francisco nothing had been
heard of them for months.
To the Sioux City police both husband
and wife are known as the most trouble
some and dangerous characters who ever
lived here. They were not without abil
ity in their line, however, and exerted a
powerful influence with the criminal and
semi-criminal population, were always
able to employ the best of legal talent
when in trouble, possessed considerable
political influence and were never with
out friends to help them in time of diffi
culty or danger. i
SEATTLE, Oct. 2.— Methodist and other
mlniters in this city never heard of
Evangelist Nead, and nothing Is known
of him In Seattle.
Democratic Plans.
On Tuesday evening Stephen B. How
ard, a distinguished silver orator from
Wisconsin. "Walter P. Stradley and John
J. Barret will address a mass meeting at
Metropolitan Hall.
On Friday evening of this week the stu
dents of the Maguire Clubs at the Univer
sity of California and the Leland Stan
for Jr. University will tender a reception
to Judge Maguire at Woodward'i £>a
vnion. Several of the students will make
short speeches, and Judge Maguire wilt
make a special address to them, taking
ur> the issues of the campaign. He will
also have something to say about his
trip through the southern part of the
State.
Next Saturday evening Senator Stephen
M. White will address a mass meeting at
Metropolitan Hall.
Judge Maguire will leave town this
morning to speak at Madera this even
ing. To-morrow he will address a meet
ing at Merced; on Wednesday evening he
will keep an engagement at San Rafael
and on Thursday evening will address a
large meeting at Redwood City. Satur
day evening he will be at Ukiah, where
he and Emmet Seawell. the union can
didate for Congress in the First Congres
sional District, will address the citizens
of Mendoclno County.
Next Sunday the Iroquols Club will fcnld
a barbecue at San Leandro. Judge Ma
guire has been invited to be the guest of
the organization.
Theosophists' Meeting.
Mrs. F. E. Wait delivered the lecture
before the San Francisco Theosophlcal
Society last night. Her subject was "The
Czar's Peace Proclamation." Mrs. Wait
said that this was the forecast of a great
millennium an that the force of peace was
more powerful that the power of war.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children,
"• '**■ - ' ■ ' ■•■■■■ : - ■ ■- ■
: Halls jtHjf ~ sf&j> >, "" ■ feel
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ELEGANT
NEW_SILKSr
FALL 1898.
During the past week we have received
large shipments of NOVELTY SILKS for
FALL WEAR, and direct particular atten-
tion to the following lines, which are
offered at unusually low prices:
Bayadere and Polka Dot Effect Q| Cfl
Striped Taffeta OIiUU Yard.
Ombre Satin Stripe Taffeta. Baya- O| Cfl
dere cord effect OIiUU Yard.
Graduated color effects in Striped CJ| Cfl
Silk and Satin OIiJU Yard.
Two-tone Ombre Wave Taffeta, warp O| Cfl
print effect OIiJU Yard.
Ombre Plaid Taffeta, black satin O| Cfl
stripes OIiJU Yard.
Warp Print Checked Taffeta $I*so
Two-tone Silk and Satin Stripes O| 7C
Oli ld Yard.
Monotone Plaid Taffeta, latest nov- 01 7C
elty OlilU Yard.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
10 pieces 24-inch Black Satin Duch- O| flf|
esse, all Dure silk OIiUU Yard.
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
BDWEN
& CO.
Good food need not be at fancy
prices. Good food is the fresh and
nourishing kind, the pure unadult-
erated sort bought to sell for
what it is worth at a fair profit.
Good food isn't the quality sold
at cheap stores .
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
*wu- 1 <GB&Co>s } 3 bots s2
Whiskey [ oKBombm \^J > 3
reg'ly $1 and $4
Sweet m^sh, mellow, pure
Sardines— Lazeran Boneless 2OC
§ reg'ly 25c— medium size
Olive Oil— Sierra Madre j^C
regularly 85c quart bottle. Most of
our customers use this brand — do you?
Prunes— ltalian 3 lbs 2£C
reg'ly i2jc lb. New season's. Tart
Chutney— Bombay qts r^C
reg'ly 75c. Direct importation from
East India.
VermOUth French ££c
Wholesale price Italian (TOC
regularly 60c and 65c
Rice 17 lbs $ 1
regularly 14 — extra quality
Mackerel io-ib kit $2
Choice fat selected fish
regularly $2 50 '
Dentifice— bottle }OC
reg'ly 40c. The popular tooth wash
Face pOWder Roger & Gallet 40C
regularly 50c box.
Violette de Panne. 3 colors.
Tooth brushes 20c
reg'ly 25c. Paris made
Pocket whisk brooms ioc
. regularly 15c Durable, handy
Cigars box of 50 $4
El Reposo (Rothschilds)
Made from fresh Havana tobacco re-
ceived since the war ended. They
show a still greater improvement over
previous lots.
This brand made our cigar department
popular. We have faith in it.
Mall orders entitled to these prices if posted not
later than Wednesday _■•- :.'■;
«2 Pine 215 Sutter 2800 California San Francisco
J075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
SPEDTACLES&EYE Glasses
ACCJRATFLY PITTED BY
/ EXPERT OPTICIANS
AT /^DERATE PR'CES.
OPTICIANS and . pHO supplies.
642 MARKET ST. L
ondch CH«o/*«iCi-E Building.
WeellyCtSUprYear
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
 OP THE*—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
LONDON
ASSURANCE CORPORATION
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1897. and for th»
year ending on that day, as made to tha In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages $38,000 M
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,964,765 00
Cash In company's office 8,546 93
Cash in banks 131,289 55
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans  5,889 59
Premiums in due course of collection 208,966 S3
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 15,327 68
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 224 01
Cash In hands of special agents. 83 80
Total assets $2,357,103 13
LIABILITIES. •
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,678 44
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 144 -J5 n
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 10.690 50
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $605.253 78;
reinsurance 50 per cent 304,141 a
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $3.8,-
705 47: reinsurance pro rata .. 451.443 4C
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 174 80
Gross premiums on marine time
risks: reinsurance 50 per cent 85,033 71
All other demands against the com-
pany • 48,511 «3
Total liabilities 11.011.109 IT
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for firs _
premiums :'"i"V $891. 830 »
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums V"'l : 86 *.+*8 81
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages wr;.— • :• 1,260 00
Pecelved for interest and dividends
'on bonds, stocks. loans and from
all other sources 78,194 2]
Total Income $1,331,733 23
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $373.463 88
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 268.236 55
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 190.669 61
Paid for ealaHss, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 101.638 14
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 31.735 17
All other payments and expenditures 91.029 74
Total expenditures $1,056,672 99
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $405,373 34
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $128,779,063 $1,091,890 90
Net amount of risks ex-
pired daring the year.. 135,726,123 1,139,691 79
Net amount in force, De- .
cember 31. 1897 167.763.205 1.487.173 23
Marine
Risks and Premiums. ' Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year $105,060,639 $438,169 48
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 103,703,658 423.409 70
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1597.... 3.243.457 35,033 75
CHARLES L. CASE, ' Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January, 1898.
EMIL FRENKEL, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
22! SANSOME ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager.