VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 10.
PORTO RICO TO BE
INVADED AT ONCE
SAN JUAN .;.
SOON WILL
BE TAKEN
flttacK; to Be Hastened
Because of Camera's
Sailing.
Siege of Havana Will Not Be
Begun Before the Autumn
Months.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June IS.
General knowledge of the fact that
two war councils were held at the
White House this afternoon and even-
Ing gave rise to all sorts of exciting
gossip and rumors. At the conference
this afternoon Secretaries Alger and
Long and General Miles were present
and at to-night's council Admiral Si
card and Captain Mahan of the War
Board, were called in. It can be stated
upon the highest authority that, while
no fear of Spain's so-called reserve
fleet Is felt, it is deemed wise to pre-
S pare for the contingency that it may be
pent to the West Indies to harass our
VV.
For several reasons no credence has
at any time been given the reports that
It would be sent to the Philippines.
First, no colliers accompanied the fleet
through Gibraltar to Oarthagena; and,
second, the Minister of Marine was
aboard, thus creating thp belief that
the fleet had entered the Mediterranean
only to maneuver.
But no chances will be
taken, as it is regarded as
certain that sooner or later
Admiral Camara's squadron
will sail for the West Indies,
and San Juan, Porto Rico, is
its natural destination. In
fact this isSpain's only base
of supply on this side of the
Atlantic. Therefore it was
decided at to-day's war con
ference to capture both San
tiago and San Juan if possi
ble before this fleet can
cross the Atlantic.
It is not formidable enough to be
feared, but might harass our navy by
pursuing Admiral Cervera'fl elusive tac
tics and thus compel Admiral Sampson
to divide his fleet and pay Camara
some attention before the work at San
tiago is completed.
It was, therefore, decided to rush the
expedition to Porto Rico and also re
enforcer, ents to General Shafter. Hur
ry orders were telegraphed by Adjutant
General Corbin to General Graham,
commanding t F3cond army corps, at
6 o'clock this afternoon directing him
to prepare seven regiments and have
them en route to Florida by to-morrow
night.
Active preparations have been In pro
gress at Camp Alger since early this
morning looking toward the departure
of about half the troops now there.
Inspection! have progressed as rapidly
an possible, the issue of supplies has
continued without interruption and ex
cept for such regiments a^ reported to
the camp without complete equipment
thp routine of camp city has been sus
pended .In ord to accelerate thj issu
ing and packing of Individual supplies
of the men.
The Sixty-fifth New York, one of the j
commands equipped at the expense of;
the State Government, was the first
to be inspected. Then the Third New
York, which aJn <> was equipped by the
State, was drawn up and after it the
One Hundred and Fifty-ninth Indiana.
One of the Michigan regiments, proba
the Thirty-fourth, and the Sixth
Pennsylvania were ordered to be pre
pared for inspection.
A censored special from Jacksonville,
received to-night, says:
"The concentration of gallant Fitz
Hugh Lee'B seventh corps at Jackson
ville Is to begin at once. The second
division of thirs corps is now complete
8m to organization. Six regiments of
the first division now at Tampa are to
be brought to Camp Cuba Libre, their
The San Francisco Call.
arrival being expected next week. These
regiments are the Third ana Fifth Ohio,
Thirty-second Michigan, First Florida,
Sixty-ninth New York and Second
Georgia. Three other regiments may
be expected here to complete the sec
ond division, and It is believed that the
formation of the third division will soon
begin.
"The interpretation of this
movement and its possible
bearing on the proposed ex
pedition to Porto Rico or
upon co-operation with Gen
eral Shafter in Cuba must
be left to those who can
read between the lines. It
can be said that General
Lee, who chafes for action,
is very happy."
The officials of the administration
see In the coming of Camara's fleet an
other menace to the sailing of an expe
dition to Porto Rico unless it gets away
before Camara can reach this side. The
immediate capture of Porto Rico will
be more Important now than before. If
the Spanish fleet succeeds in getting to
San Juan it can make the island a base
of supplies. The ships of Camara,
while not dangerous, would be contin
ually annoying contemplated and real
expeditions. If Porto Rico is taken
from the Spaniards now there will be
no base of supplies nearer than the Ca
naries.
It is not believed Camara will sail
straight for Porto Rico. He will be
detained at the Canaries some time.
This will give the administration fully
two weeks to get an expedition off safe
ly to Porto Rico.
The prospect now Is that to avoid any
possible annoyance from Camara's
fleet heavy reinforcements will be rush
• 1 to General Shafter to capture San
tiago. At the same time a large army
will be moved to Porto Rico as soon as
transports can be procured.
It was definitely settled to
day there will be no general
invasion of Cuba or attack
upon Havana until fall.
The President, however,
contemplates the seizure of
a base of supplies on the
northern coast of Cuba and
establishing communication
with the insurgents with the
idea of feeding the starving
Cubans during the rainy
season. Orders to prepare
for this expedition have
reached Key West and have
been confounded with the
idea of an attack upon Ha
vana.
The President's plan Js to feed the
Cubans through the agency of General
Gomez and Garcia. The first move vill
be to seize a harbor on the northern
coast of Cuba and establish a base of
supplies there. General Miles reported
to Secretary Alger to-day that every
thing was arranged with the Insur
gent generals to distribute these sup
plies. It was said that some point in
Santa Clara Province was regarded as
the best place for establishing the de
sired base.
It is regarded as certain at the "War
Department that the third Manila ex
pedition will leave San Francisco some
time next week. Ex-Congressman
Caminetti of California will surely be
appointed a major. He speaks Span
ish, Italian and French, and by r&k
6ou of his knowledge of law ia exsec teoL
SAN FIiANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898— THIRTY-TW O PAGES.
STEAM LAUNCHES HfIVE A LIVELY BRUSH WITH SPANISH TROOPS ON THE COAST NEfJR SONTIOGO
HOLDING HOBSON
AS A SHIELD
Believed He Is Being Detained to
Protect Santiago From
Bombardment.
J>TEW YORK, June IS.— A Washington sprclal to the Herald snys:
Apprehension is felt in official circles that Spain Is dilly-dallying; for
some ulterior purpose with respect to the proposition f«.-r the exchange
of the Merrimac lvro^s. It Is regarded as highly probable by prominent
officials that the Spanish delay in this instance is due to the hope that
the retention of the prisoners will cause a postponement of the attack
on Santiago.
The officials hp,ve given serious thought to the advisability of tak
ing measures to insure Mr. Hobson's protection. When the bombard
ment preliminary to the attack on the city occurs it will of course be
necessary to reduce the defenses, and this will include the destruction
of Morro Castle. It is the confident expectation of the officials here
that Rear-Admiral Sampson will serve a notice on Admiral Cervera to
remove prisoners and all non-combatants from the zone of the bom
bardment, and in ease any Am^rirnns are injured by the fire of Amer-
Ican .hips ot by that of the Spaniards Admiral Cervera will be held re
sponsible. These drastic measures arc considered necessary by the ofH
■ •iii's, in view of the evident disinclination of the Spaniards to ex
change the Americans.
to be of invaluable assistance to Gen
eral Mf-rritt In organizing the provis
ional military government.
The President's proclama
tion declaring the Philip
pines to be under United
States martial law will be
issued next week.
It has been decided to collect reve
nues from tobacco and spirituous
liquors, as well as from Imports and ex
ports.
WHY AUGUSTI GAVE
UP MILITARY COMMAND
It Was So That the Signing of the
Capitulation of Manila Would
Have Less Importance.
MADRID, June 18.— It is said here
this afternoon that Captain-General
Augusti resigned the military leader
ship at Manila to the Spanish general
commanding there, so that the capitu
lation of that place may be signed by
the latter and thus have less import
ance in the eyes of the natives than if
signed by the captain-general of the
Philippine Islands.
The news that Camara's fleet has
been sighted ••<¥ Gibraltar has caused
a feeling of general satisfaction here.
PREFER ANNEXATION
TO INDEPENDENCE
That Is the Sentiment of Nine-
Tenths cf the Population of
Porto Hico.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. 1., June 18.— The
latest advices from Porto Rico say
that Spanish regulars are being con
centrated in the vicinity of San Juan.
The port of Mayaguse has been mined.
Nine-tenths of the population, accord
ing to these advices, prefer annexation
to independence. Exchange has drop
ped to 115.
Says Rain Will Handicap Americans.
MADRID, June 18.— Advices from
Cuba say General Linares is confi
dent the rainy season will handicap the
Americans, and he expresses the belief
that the latter, when united with the
Cubans, will march along the base of
the mountains, where there are roads
leading to Santiago de Cuba, while the
American fleet will attack the fortifica
tions at the entrance of the bay.
The Expulsion of Spies.
MADRID, June 18.— 7- p. • m.— the
Senate to-day Senor Salmeron gave no
tice that he would i interpellate the Gov
ernment concerning the expulsion from
Canada of ■ Lieutenant 5 Carranza, - ; late
Spanish - naval ; attache ; atjcyaphiaetpai.
and Senor Dubosc, former Spanish
charge d'affaires at Washington, and
requested that the documents relating
thereto be given to the chamber.
BATTLE SONGS YET
SUNG AT ST. THOMAS
But Two Editors Who Printed and
Sold Them Were
Fined.
ST. THOMAS. D. W. 1., June 18.—
Lightbourne and Moulte, two local edi
tors, a^fortnight ago printed and sold
about 000 copies of hnttle BOSgg of the
lowa and Maine, which were much sung
by the populare here. Complaint was
made, unquestionably by the Spanish
Consul, and to-day both the editors
were tried on a technical charge of
evading the printing laws and both
were convicted and fined.
This action has caused the populace
much amusement and they now sing
the pongs more than ever notwith
standing the efforts of the police to
stop them.
♦
THIS ABSURD STCRY
COMES FROM PARIS
Captain General August! Said to
Have Handed Manila Over to
a German Admiral.
LONDON, June 18.— The Star to-day
publishes an absurd story from Paris
to the effect that Captain General Au
gust! has informed the Spanish Pre
mier, Senor Sagasta, that he has hand
ed Manila over to Admiral Diedrichs,
the commander of the German fleet,
who has occupied the citadel and ar-
Benal on the plea of protecting the in
habitants.
Madrid Reports Yellow Fever.
MADRID, June 18.— According- to pri
vate telegrams received here from
Cuba yellow fever is raging among the
CUBA'S FLAG IS
SALUTED OFFICIALLY.
ON BOARD THE HERALD
CALL DISPATCH BOAT SOM
MERS N. SMITH, off Santiago
de Cuba, June 17. — Via Port
Antonio, June 18. — The Yankee
went to-day to a point half way
between Santiago and Guanta
namo to carry away 150 Cubans
encamped there. Flying the
Cuban flag. General Perez board
ed the Marblehead and the Cu
ban flag was saluted by Com
mander McCalla. This is the
first time it has bec-n so recog
nized by the Americans ofn-
American marines camped near the en
trance to Guantanamo Bay, and sev
eral cases of the disease are reported
to have occurred on the ships of the
squadron. The telegram describes the
heat as terrible, and says the sanitary
condition of the ground has prevented
thus far the carrying on of military
operations in the vicinity of Santiago.
SPANISH STEAMSHIP
OFF CUBA'S COAST
The Purisima Concepcion Attempt-
ing to Reach Satahano
With Supplies.
Gopprtfchted, IMS, by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 18.—Fear
ful of rapture by American ftruisers the
Spanish steamer Purisima Concep
cion, iaden with supplies for Spaniards
in Cuba, is slowly creeping within the
three-mile limit around the south coast
of Jamaica preparatory to making a
dash directly across to Batabano. Cap
tain Costal of the steamship Spey re
ports having sighted her off Pedro
Bluff, thirty miles around the coast
from Port Royal, at 2 o'clock yester
day afternoon. She was lying hove to.
Before the Spey sailed out of sight the
Purisima Concepcion steamed off in
the direction of Block River.
The American auxiliary cruiser Yo
semite sailed to-day.
WASHINGTON*, June 18.— No con
firmation has reached here of the re
port from Spanish sources that the
Spanish food laden steamer Purisima
Concepcion has managed to slip into
Manzanillo, Cuba, and if this should
turn out to be the case there is a
strong disposition to hold somebody ac
countable. While the town mentioned
is not within the blockading lines, it is
felt that with due vigilance the vessel
could have been captured by one of the
American cruisers.
The vftxatious feature of the boat's
reported arrival at Manzanillo is that
the large amount of supplies she car
ried are probably placed in reach of the
Spanish defenders of Santiago. There
are other Spanish forces in the neigh
borhood reported to be in desperate
straits as to food and ammunition who
may be enabled, if this rumor proves
true, to continue effective resistance for
some time.
FIRE AT THE SANTA
CRUZ POWDER WORKS
Employes Extinguish a Blaze Before
the Camp Merriam Soldiers
Arrive.
SANTA CRUZ, June 13.— Fire ttrs
discovered this after.. oon In the ether
plant at the California Powder Works.
The long roll was sounded at Camp
Merriam and soldiers armed with
shovels and buckets hastened to the
scene, regardless of all danger. Cap
tain Rottanzi accompanied the sol
diers. When the plant was reached
the fire had been extinguished by the
powder mill employes.
Stores for the American Fleet.
NEW YORK, June 18.— The collier
Hannibal, in command of Captain Col
by, left the navy yard to-day. The ves
sel is bound south with provisions and
stores for the American fleet. The
cruisers Columbia and Topeka are in
readiness for service and will leave the
navy yard to-morrow.
Recruits for Battery D.
LOS ANGELES, June 18.— The fifty
two recruits for Battery D, heavy artil
lery, under command of Lieutenant
Diss, left this city to-day for San Fran
cisco, where they will be placed under
command of Captain Steere.
WILL HOLD A CAUCUS.
Democrats About to Outline a New
Plan.
"WASHINGTON, June 18.— A caucus ' of
the Democrats probably will be held Mon
day, night, a ? request for ; a call having
been circulated by Mr. Bailey of Texas. -
; , The caucus will be held to consider the
question of making in '-. the future caucus
action upon public questions binding. upon
all participants. Since the war ; Demo
cratic caucus action I has ■, been advisory
rather than If mandatory, and : members
have 'j been v permitted ito .; participate .-. In
caucuses . and ;• left - free .to vote sin % their
discretion, regardless -of the : action. ' - . -
C AMARA'S
SHIPS WELL
EQUIPPED
Carry Plenty of Coal, Pro
visions and War Mu
nitions.
Eleverj Vessels H aVe Passed Gib
raltar, Goirjg to Cartrjagena
for Orders.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
GIBRALTAR, June 18.— I have ob
tained from an absolutely reliable
source the following information re
specting the movement of Admiral Ca
mara's squadron. It completes — in
deed, corrects — certain details of the
message I sent yesterday. The Cadiz
fleet sailed thence at 5 o'clock yester
day afternoon in an easterly direction.
It is composed of the Pelayo, the Carlos
V, the Rapido. the Patrioto, the Audaz.
the Osada, the Prosperina, the Colon,
the Alfonso XII, the Giralda, the Pre
lago, the Covadonga. the Antonio Lopez,
the Isla de Panay, the Buenos Ayres
and the San Francisco. The Minister
of Marine is aboard the Prelago.
The first eleven of the foregoing
passed here at 5 o'clock this morning
and are going to Cartagena for orders.
It is not known where the other five
are. All the auxiliary cruisers except
the Ilapido, the Patrioto and the
Buenos Ayres have had their guns re
moved and their naval crews replaced
by former merchant service officers
and crew.
The Antonio Lopez is loaded entirely
with ammunition. The Buenos Ayres
has a regiment of infantry aboard and
the Isla de Panay another. The San
Francisco has a regiment of marines.
The other auxiliary cruisers carry 20,
000 tons of coal and abundant provi
sions.
The steamship San Augustine has
been released. She sailed hence at mid
day for Cadiz, ostensibly. The Spanish
Government guaranteed that her coal
was for commercial purposes only.
The Alfonso XIII and the Vitoria re
main at Cadiz as guardships. Neither
is formidable. Both are defective.
It is reported from Cadiz that more
German ships have been purchased by
the Government and are to join the
fleet elsewhere.
CAMARA'S FLEET STILL
HEADED EASTWARD
Navy Department Beceives Informa-
tion as to the Vessels'
Movements.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— Word came
to the Navy Department that the
Spanish Cadiz fleet was still headed
eastward to-day. The basis of the re
port is not known, but it is probably
from the skipper of some merchant yes-
Bel which has passed the squadron, for
the ships, of course, have long since
escaped the range of observation of
the lookout at Gibraltar. All the re
ports relative to the movements of this
mysterious so.uadron are received by
the naval officials subject to confirma
tion, for experience has taught them
that the Spanish are freely availing
themselves of the rather puerile device
pt sending out Numerous fui aQ rejjprts
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HOW HAVANA
GETS SUPPLIES j
PORT 'ANTONIO, Jamaica
(via Kingston), June 1&— Well
authenticated. reports have
reached her© that Havana is re
ceiving supplies through Bata
bano, on the south, side of Cuba,
opposite Havana. The supplies
are taken to the Isle of Pines,
off the south coast of Cuba, in
large ships, and are carried
across at . night in small boats
to Batabano and from there are
taken to Havana, a distance of
twenty-five miles, by raiL
The American commercial
agent at Part Antonio has noti
fied the Washington Govern
ment that this is going on. It
is- impossible to get provisions
on the islands of Jamaica, all
supplies being sold to a Spanish,
agent.
An ; English newspaper corre
spondent from Havana arrived
here yesterday. He says there
are ample supplies of all kinds,
except flour, in the city, and that
supplies of all kinds are con
stantly landed .at Batabano.
The American blockade at that
point, he says, amounts to little.
of naval movements in the hope to
mislead our campaign directors.
Aunon Beaches Carthagena.
CARTHAGENA, June 18.— Captain
Aunon, the Minister of Marine, arrived
here to-day on board the torpedo-boat
destroyer Giralda. Captain Aunon in
spected the ironclad Lepanto.
Hopes of the Spaniards.
MADRID, June IS.— lt is confidently
believed here to-night that Admiral
Camara's fleet is going to Manila, and
that this may prevent the dispatch of
American troops there, and at least
postpone the loss of the Philippine Isl
ands.
GERMANY'S DISLIKE
FOR AMERICANS
It Is Probably Due to Apprehension
Over Uncle Sam's Growing
Power.
ITHACA, N. V., June 18.— Professor
L. H. Bailey of Cornell University, who
is in Munich, Germany, at the present
time, has written to President Schur
man the following: concerning the sent
iment of the German people toward
America and the war:
"War news is scarce, but opinions of
America are plenty. Two or three
nights ago I listened to a discussion of
the United States, In which it would
have been difficult to have found lan
guage to convey more invective, ha-
tred and misinformation. As a na
tion we seem to be regarded as hetero-
geneous, uncultured, mercenary and in
danger of collapse. I find many such
opinions in people who are well read,
but I believe that animosity is confined
mostly to the uninformed classes.
"Much of the feeling is the result of
the natural distrust of republican insti
tutions, and I think that much of it is
also due to the commercial rivalry of
Americans and to a feeling of appre
hension of America's growing power.
It looks to me as if the interests of
Germany are with us rather than
against us, and I do not believe that
there will be any rupture in the rela
tions between the two countries. In
this war they do not understand us and
the circumstances, but we have com
mon interests in the march of civiliza
tion and we will find ourselves togethe*
in the end."
BERLIN, June 18.— The Kladdera
datsch to-day contains a number of
cartoons grossly insulting to America,
sneering at the American militia, and
charging them with cowardice.
The Spanish Consulate here Is pub
licly appealing for subscriptions to In
crease the relief fund, and it is under
stood that court circles will respond
generously.
Proposals for Battleships.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— The Navy
Department to-day issued advertise
ments calling for proposals for building
three battle-ships authorized by the
naval ajQDjofiriatlon bUL2
MAP OF EASTERN END OF CUBA SHOWING THE SITUATION
fIBOUT THE BELEAGUERED CITY OF SANTIAGO.
Every hour sees trje closer contraction of the net about the
doorrjed fleet of Admiral Cervera, locKed up irj the harbor of
Santiago de Cuba. Every day sees the prospect growing stronger
of this fleet being eliminated as a factor in the present war.
Every move of tfye American and Cuban forces brings nearer
also thje fall of the city and forts of Santiago, viewed once by
trje Spanish admiral as a haven of safe refuge, but now become
but as a bait in a deadly trap,
Hemming the ships of Cevera in from all possibility of es
cape are the joint fleets of Admiral Sampson and Commodore
Schley, aided in their patient and ominous vigil by the sunken
Merrirrjac, emblerr) of one of the most heroic deeds in cncientor
modem history.
Meanwhile the Spanish fleet and Cuban city are being en
compassed on tt}e land from all sides, Cuban insurgents and
Americans being now welded in one gigantic force of destruc
tion. Tfjey are moving fron) tl)e west, from tf)e north and from
trje east of Santiago in gradually contracting lines so as to focus
upon- and crush the Spaniards and their ill-chosen place of
refuge.
At Cuar)tar)Qmo, to the eastward of Santiago, is a body of
brave United States marines, strengthened by thousarjds of
Cuban insurgents. Aserraderos, to the westward of Santiago,
is being used cs a base of operations by insurgents under trje
able direction of General Rabi, while the entire country to tf)e
north of the beleaguered city ism the possession of the natives,
who are fighting for justice and independence fron) the misrule
of Spain.
At the sarr)e time there are now on their way — possibly at
their destination— re-enforcements to both the land and
naval forces pitted against the coromoo enemy. Thirty-two
transports, laden with 15,000 troops and sixteen warships,
acting as convoys, are moving along the Cuban coast, with
Santiago as their ultimate objective.
FERRY-BOATS
ALMOST CLASH
Reckless Steering of the
Tiburon.
DISASTER BARELY AVERTED
THE SAUSALITO STOPPED JUST
IN TIME.
Passengers Allege the Other Vessel
Cut Squarely Across Her
Bow WTien Near
Alcatraz.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAUSALITO, June IS.— What might
have proved a disastrous collision be
tween the ferry-boats Tiburon and San
Rafael was narrowly averted this af
ternoon by the coolness and quick ac
tion of Captain McKcnzie of the San
Rafael. Both boats were crowded at
the time and a panic was caused by the
Impending accident.
The Tiburon was on her way to San
Francisco and the San Rafael to Saus
alito. When about a half mile north
of Alcatraz Island Captain White of
the Tiburon, according to the accounts
given by the passengers, deliberately
turned his boat from her course, head
ing so as to cross the bow of the San
Rafael. Captain McKenzie saw that if
the vessels proceeded on their course
an accident was inevitable and re
versed his engines, bringing the San
Kafael to a dead standstill and allow
ing the Tiburon to pass in front by the
narrow margin of about twenty feet.
The passengers ran to the railing of
the bout. Many of the women shrieked
In terror, and young children clung to
their mothers' skirts, wailing in abject
fright.
When the San Rafael reached her
moorings at SausalitO, a most indig
nant crowd of passengers came off.
Among them was Supervisor Thomas
Haskins. He said:
"It was the most blundering piece of
work ! I ever saw. .If it had not been
for the coolness of our captain we
would have cut the Tiburon in two,
and great loss of life probably would
have resulted. U this carelessness Is
permitted to continue a terrible acci
dent will occur on the bay."
About two weeks ago, while racing
with the Sausalito, the captain of the
Tiburon steered her across the Sausa
lito's bow, and came near having his
boat cut in two before the Sausalito's
speed could be stayed.
RED CROSS WORK IN
THE CAPITAL CITY
All Regiments Passing Through Sac-
ramento Are Given a Hearty
Welcome.
SACRAMENTO, June IS.— Since The
Call's first step toward engaging the co
operation of the women of California
under the banner of the Red Cross,
Sacramento has contributed generously.
The local Red Crops Society of Sacra
mento was the third to complete its or
ganization in the State. Mrs. Albert
Elkus is the president, Miss Emily
Thompson secretary and Frank Miller
treasurer. The affairs of the order are
in the hands of a board of directors, In
cluding the following: Mrs. T. W. Shee
han, Mrs. D. A. Lindley, Mrs. George H.
Smith and Mayor Land.
The headquarters of the society have
been established at Fifth and X streets,
and during each day the women of Sacra
mento congregate there and engage in
various duties assigned to them by Mrs.
W. D. Lawton. who is at the head of the
"sewing department."
Thousands of bandages, comfort bags
and other articles of necessity have been
made. In addition to providing for the
possible wants of the boys who are to go
tn the front, the women of Sacramento
have by no means forgotten the passing
regiments. . No train transporting troops
across the continent has been drawn into
the depot at Sacramento to find no prep
arations made for Its reception. Generous
; donations of fruit and flowers have greet
: ed the boys, and what perhaps was more
i acceptable still has been the copious sup
■■ ply of good hot cofff-e and bounteous
chunks of fresh-baked bread. Other
towns adjacent to Sacramento have taken
up the work, and contributions are com
ing in at a rate most gratifying to the
local society. Arrangements have been
made to hold a monster "bazaar" at Oak
Park on July 1, the proceeds to be added
to the Red Cross fund.
RAVAGES OF PLAGUE
ON LIPU ISLAND
Population of the Loyalty Group
Threatened With Extermina
tion by Disease.
VICTORIA. B. C, June 18.— According
! to mail advices from the Orient by the
steamship Miowera, the island of Lipu,
one of the Loyalty group, is being rav
1 aged by a plague believed to be either
the black plague or Asiatic cholera. It
' threatens to exterminate the population
of the islands. .
On March 28 the worst earthquake ex
perienced in years occurred In the N>»
Hebrides, making fissures eighty yards
long and sixteen inches wide..
Fifty-eight vessels, with a capacity of
150.000 tons of coal, are chartered to load
I coal at Newcastle, N. S. W.. for San
! Francisco.
During May thirteen vessels were lost
i and seven others partially wrecked off the
' Australian coast.
THE SAX IKAJN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 19, 1808.
NEW MINISTRY
HAS RESIGNED
Italian Deputies in an
Uproar.
SUSPENDS ITS SITTINGS
ARMY CHEERED FOR ITS CON
DUCT DURING DIFFICULTIES.
It Is Generally Conceded That the
Resignation of the Ministry
foreshadows Grave
Events.
ROME, June 18.— In the Chamber of
Deputies to-day the Premier the Mar
quis di Kudini announced that the
Ministry, which was formed only on
May 31, had resigned.
Amidst considerable excitement the
Marquis di Rudini said that, after con
sidering the parliamentary situation,
and in order not to prejudice a grave
public question, the Ministers had
placed their resignations in the hands
of the King, who reserved the right of
decision relative to their acceptance, a
remark which was greeted with mur
murs.
Continuing:, the Marquis said the
Ministry would remain in office for the
present in order to attend to routine
business and safeguard public order.
He then begged the Chamber to sus
pend its sittings. The request was met
with shouts of "No! No!"
The Premier added that the cham
ber could confer on its President the
power of resummoning the deputies
when it was considered necessary to do
so for approving a vote on account for
a short period. Loud dissenting mur
murs followed this suggestion.
Signor Vendemi, republican, demand
ed that the sessions continue and ex
pressed lively regret for the recent vic
tims of the Military Government. This
caused long protests from all sides and
the extreme Leftists rose and frantically
cheered for the army. The President
of the Chamber, who was loudly cheer
ed, angrily protested against Signor
Yendemi's remarks and Signor Sonnino,
the former Minister of the Treasury,
moved a vote approving the conduct
of the army during the "recent unhappy
events."
After the Minister of War, Signor San
Marzano, had made a speech eulogiz
ing the army, the request of the Mar
quis di Rudini that the Chamber sus
pend its sittings for the present, was
approved, and the House adjourned.
It is generally thought that the resig
nation of the Ministry foreshadows
grave events.
The Marquis di Rudini repeated his
statements later, in substance, in the
Senate, where they were well received.
The Senate then adjourned.
Commenting upon the Cabinet situa
tion the Opinione declares that the cri
sis will bo protracted. The Tribune
says it understands that the Cabinet
resigned because it anticipated defeat.
The Fanfulla says the prevailing opin
ion favors a Liberal-Conservative Min
istry.
BJBOT MAKES A FAILUBE.
Has Been Unable to Form a Ministry
for France.
PARIS, June IS.— After consultation
with MM. Peytral, Rarrien and Dupuy
this morning M. Ribot Informed Presi
dent Faure that he was unable to
form a Cabinet to succeed the Meline
Ministry. President Faure accepted
the latter's resignation on June 15,
Wednesday last.
President Faure. on M. Ribot's sug
gestion, it is announced this evening,
has asked M. Sarrien to form a Cabi
net. The latter is depended on to reccrn
cile the Republican factions.
He was Minister of Posts and Tele
graphs in the Brisson Cabinet, Minis
ter of Justice of the Goblet Cabinet,
Minister of the Interior in the third
Freycinet Cabinet and Minister of the
Interior in the first Tierard Cabinet.
The reason given for M. Ribot's
withdrawal from the task of forming
a new Ministry is that the radicals de
manded an equal division of the port
folios, enabling- them to demand a re
vision of the constitution. It is be
lieved M. Sarrien, who is a radical, will,
for the same reason, fail in his effort
to form a Cabinet.
IT WAS WOMAN'S DAY.
Club Members Capture the Trans-
Mississippi Exposition.
OMAHA. June IS.— The "Club Woman's
Day" at the Trans-Mississippi Exposition
was a success. At the afternoon session,
presided over by Mrs. Sawyer, president
of the woman's board of managers, 100 1 ."
brainy women and four brave men filled
the auditorium, and at every turn np
plauded the speakers, who wt"*e some o"
the most conspicuous club women of the
country. The attraction was Mrs. -Ellen
Henrotin of Chicago, president of the fed
eration, who was enthusiastically re
ceived. Her speech, which was breezy
and brimful of affection for her fair fol
lowers, was declared to be one of her best
efforts.
Miss Margaret Evans of Northfield,
Minn., led In prayer, and speeches were
made by the following: Mrs. Draper
Smith, president of the Omaha Women's
Club; President G. W. Wattles of the
Exposition Association, Mrs. Mary E.
Mumford of Philadelphia, Mrs. Herman
Hamra of Chicago, Mrs. Kate Tennet
Woods of Sa^em, Mass., and Mrs. Ellen
A. Richardson of Boston.
The evening session, under the direc
tion of the vice-president of the General
Federation, Mrs. Alice Ives Breed of
Boston, included addresses on '•Civics,"
by Mrs. Cornolius Stevenson of Philadel
phia; "A Summer Piety." by Miss Sadie
American of Chicago; and "Federation,"
by Mrs. Edward Longstreth of Philadel
phia.
MAYOR AND MARSHAL SHOT.
Details of a Fatal Affray at Bruns-
wick, Mo.
ST. T.OUIS, June 18.— A special to the
Post-Dlapatch from Brunswick, Mb., says:
Details of last night's tragedy, in which
Mayor J. H. Heisel shot and killed Rich
ard Ashhy. the City Marshal, who in turn
fatally wounded the Mayor, are coming «o
light.
\V. J. Heisel, brother of the Mayor, was
standing in a saloon when Marshal Ash
by and his son, Joseph Ashby, entered.
Both grabbed Heisel and began beating
him with their fists, Joseph claiming that
Heisel had choked and beaten one of his
sisters. Marsha] Ashby had a revolver
in his hand. W. J. Heisel finally broKe
loose from the Ashbys and ran out of the
saloon. Mayor Heisel, who was present,
and the Marshal then began firing at
each other.
At the Coroner's inquest to-day the evi
dence did not show who fired the first
shot, but it was testified that Ashby fired
last just as he fell dying. Heisel, with
assistance, walked to his room In ' the
same block, but to-day he is not expected
to rr-cover, as one shot passed through
his left lung and the other through his
abdomen.
Hundred-Mile Records Fall.
MONTREAL, June IS.— F. O. Myers to
day lowered the 200-mile record from 12:57
to 12:15. He also lowered the Canadian
100-mile record to 4:58, and also the Amer
ican 100-mlle record by 3 minutes. He
rode over the liiogsum-Beileville course.
AGUINALDO'S
ACT RAISES
NEW ISSUES
Declaration of Republic
May Lead Up to Com
plications.
It Is Feared Germany May Incite
Natives to Resist the
United States.
NEW YORK, June 18.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
In the determination of the insurgents
of the Philippines to form a republic,
as stated in the Herald this morning,
the authorities see a prospect of new
complications arising out of American
possession of a "white elephant." Up
to the present it can be stated on au
thoiity that Aguinaldo, the insurgent
leadtr, and the men under his com
mand have scrupulously observed thf>
instructions given them by Rear-Ad
miral Dewey. This is particularly true
•with reference to the proposition to
seize'the city of Manila.
Unless unforeseen circumstances
should arise Manila will not be attacked
by the insurgents with a view to its
occupation until the arrival of the
American troops, and Rear Admiral
Dewey has informed the Navy Depart
ment he is certain that Aguinaldo will
comply with his wishes in this respect.
In restraining the insurgents Rear
Admiral Dewey is guided by a desire to
avoid giving the Germans any oppor
tunity to land a strong force of blue
jackets and marines from their war
ships. This might be done should the
insurgents capture the city on the plea
that German subjects and German in
terests may be in need of protection.
"With a sufficiently strong force of
TREACHERY ON
THE PEKING
Story of a Honolulu
Newspaper.
DISASTER BARELY AVERTED
ALLEGED ATTEMPT TO BLOW UP
THE TRANSPORT.
Officers Deny the Report, Which Is
Said to Have Been Given
Publicity by Sol*
diers. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, June 18.— If a report
published in the Hawaiian Star of
June 3 is not fiction Honolulu narrow
ly ..scaped being made the scene of a
second Maine disaster. The Star
says :
"If a report which was in circulation
this afternoon be true Honolulu came
near being the scene of as frightful a
disaster as that of the Maine, in the
same way. An attempt to blow up
the City of Peking's magazine was
frustrated just in time. An enlisted
man, said to be half Spaniard, was
caught in the act of arranging a fuse
connecting with the magazine, which
contained 400 tons of powder. The das
tard is now under the closest guard
and when the Peking gets out on the
high seas he will be hanged at the yard
arm.
"The greatest secrecy concerning the
matter is being maintained for fear it
would mar the spirit of the present oc
casion. The officers deny the story,
but only in a half-hearted sort of a
way. Many correlative features tend
to prove the report, which was circu
lated by enlisted men. Many admit
there was a half Spaniard on board and
two Honolulu citizens, who were on the
Peking on June 3, said the man was in
irons under close guard. They were
informed by the guards that he was
the man who attempted to blow up the
ship.
"It seems, also, that the Peking had
another close escape before leaving San
Francisco, a sling of powder through
neglect having been dropped into the
hold. The matter was hushed."
HANNA MEN BOLT.
Republicans Have a Lively Conven
tion at Cleveland.
CLEVELAND, June 18.— The Cuyahoga
County Republican Convention, which
was called here to-day, proved to be one |
of the most exciting political gatherings
ever held in this city. The fignt for the
control of the convention has been on for
Beveral weeks, and the followers of Mayor
McKisson and Senator Hanna both
claimed a victory.
The convention was called to order by
Hon. S. T. Everett, who is one of Senator
Hanna's strongest, supporters and chair
man of the committee of fifteen which <
has had charge of the management of the j
party since last fall. __ !
Little or no attention was paid to Mr. I
Everett and with the aid of the police the |
McKissonites forced the Hanna men ,
from the stage and proceeded to run mat
terß to suit themselves.
The Hanna delegates bolted and held
a rump convention. There was a general
fight before the Hanna men left the hall
and one arrest was made. The regular
candidates for the county ticket were
nominated at the caucus Thursday night
and the fight to-day was over the selec
tion of delegates to the State convention
and the committee of fifteen.
McPartland and Matthews Draw.
NEW YORK, June 18.— Kid McPart
land and Matty Matthews of New York
fought twenty rounds at 135 pounds
to-night before the Greater New York
Athletic Club, and although McPart
land had a very decided advantage, the
referee decided the bout a draw. Matty
was some time ago injured in his left
hand and it had to be blistered. The
forearm was in a bad shape when he
began to-night, and when he finished it
was very much swollen.
American troops to preserve order in
the city after its capture there will be
no excuse for Vice Admiral Diederich
the German commander-in-chief, to
land a force, and Rear Admiral Dewey
will plainly tell him so should he take
such action and retain a guard on
shore, that the American troops are
sucient tffio guard foreign interests
and that a foreign force is unnecessary-
The Philippines will be proclaimed
as a military possession of the United
States as soon as Manila is taken, and
the backbone of Spain's military power
in the far east is thus broken. Whether
the insurgents form a republic or not,
the affairs of the islands will be ad
ministered by Major-General Merritt as
military governor. It is believed in of
ficial circles that the Germans if they
see any gain in it for themselves will
attempt to stir up the insurgents
against the Americans.
It is possible, therefore, that a
clash may occur between the natives
and General Merritt should they estab
lish a republic and attempt to admin
ister the affairs of the islands. It is
hoped by the officials the insurgents
will be satisfied at the change in their
status and with the fair treatment they
will receive from Americans.
There is no concealing the fact the
administration is more worried over
this feature of the general war situa
tion than any other, because of likeli
hood of it giving rise to additional and
perplexing complications.
CHANDLER IN
WARLIKE MOOD
Whatthe Senator Would
Do to Spain.
TAKE EVERYTHING IN SIGHT
EVEN CANARIES AND PERHAPS
CADIZ AND BARCELONA.
Capture of Spanish Families, Includ
ing the Queen and Boy King,
Advocated by the New
Hampshire Statesman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Mass., June 18.— A Concord,
N. H., special says: Senator Chandler
says editorially in this evening's Mon
itor:
"Both classes are the same, the men
who opposed declaring war and who
now wish to prevent its success. When
the war ends they will wish that every
foot of land conquered from bloody and
desperate Spain by humane and brave
Americans shall be given back to sla
very and oppression. But such is not
to be the result.
"Our sailors and soldiers are going to
try to conquer everything in sight,
even the Canary Islands, and perhaps
Cadiz and Barcelona. That is the way
every war is carried on. Each side cap
tures not merely what will be its gain,
but everything which will be the other
side's loss.
"If we could capture the wives and
families of Blanco and Cervera or even
the Queen Regent and the young King
of Spain wg should do it very quickly,
not because we want those persons for
our own use; we have no use for them;
but because the other side would want
them. They would be fine assets in our
hands. So the outcry against imperial
ism is premature. So far as it comes
from copperheads who opposed the war
it is almost treason because it tends to
discourage military victories over the
public enemy. So far as it proceeds
from a Democratic partisan motive it
is a stupendous party blunder, which if
persisted in means a hopeless and piti
ful minority. For 'William J. Bryan to
insist upon leading a United States
regiment against the Spanish foe while
shouting political speeches declaring
that we must not hurt Spaniards by
making imperialistic conquests is ridic
ulous."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood. Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilki and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
_ Ii America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists*
ADVEBTISEMENT& _ _ . _ _ J
Period o . •
This is truly a military period. A martial air
pervades the city en I pervades our establishment.
We have created no end of military costumes, as
well as naval costumes, for the little folks; they're
all high class, they're all dressy uniforms, they're
ovilt on swell lines. A lot of new ones Monday.
o + + + + + +++♦♦♦♦ + ♦ + + * + + + + + ♦ + + o
± A pretty feature in our Juvenile Depart- _^_
'+ ment for Boys and Girls will be our Mill- +. . .
+ tary Cnp°s. Lined with red for the artil- +
+ lery, lined with yellow for the cavalry, +
- "*" lined white for the infantry. About as ~\
T swell as anything could be for boys and girls. +
O + + + + + + + + + + + + + ♦ + + ♦♦ + ♦ + + + + + O
Auhfjm
The Invader.
■■ .: ;■.■■.■:■■■■,■■■.■■■■■ ■ ■ '■■■. ■■■■.-" ■- :; ' '-. ■ ■■■ "' ■' "^ ■■-■ •■■-•-.■-■•;
Here's a pretty soldier costume
for you, which we picture oppo-
site—the Invader, made from
high-class blue and brown de-
nim, white braid on coat, long
pants, white braid on outside
seam of trousers, sizes 4 to lJf
years, braided just as you see it
in picture— an awfully cute sol-
dier, costume for your little
man, which we will sell Mon-
day, complete, at ,
89c THE
OVC SUIT.
B-B -a -B- B- fl -b -B -B-B-B
B A pretty Cap to go with q
| this suit is a pretty blue I
B Cloth Military Cap with •
m cross guns on it, which we g
| will sell at I
• i •.. - ./..■• .. • I
B-B — -B- B- B —{] — —■—■—■
IV ..... A lot of Pretty
/ik i^»i White , India
'/'H^j Silk Puff Scarfs
J®iswJ/£^ > '\ or Ladies. You
Mjti^ <fj%sSo^s know , white's
~ quite the swell
V^*^^^^ idea these days-
*%• W A Scarf that
\ "£- I y° would at
\S\*A ■ any time be
/sj_^4 willing to pay
mi\ I Wat Monday in our
'SH/ ' mm ladies' £ 6Ck -
' \M/ ymm wear Depart-
tmA %J \J .
Outing.
For the Little Man's outing we have everything he needs.
Soft, cool Summer Blouses, the Little White Duck Trousers,
the Straw Ha the Wash Crash Suit*, and all th' pretty little
things that tend to in ike the Little Man- cuter and handsomer.
On our Big Second Floor.
rui: imi sco boy&
The Adjutant.
Fond, mamas who want to get
their little boys one of the swell-
est military suits of the season
should attire hint in the Adju-
tant. We picture it opposite.
It's about as handsome a fatigue
uniform as we, have gotten up.
The jacket if bound with wide
Hercules brail, h oil aired in the
back, braided on back, made
from, the highest grade smooth
blue regulation army cloth.
The trousers are a. deep steel
gray, with wide Hercules braid
on the outside seam, ; it's sweet,
it's cute, it's cunning : for lads
between, the ages of 4 an< l 1~-
A costume like this would be
reasonable at $ 10.
Monday we wi I sell the Adju-
tant at
$5.98.
I
■ The cap yoio see in pic- ■
I ture opposite is the correct g
I fatigue shn-pe, made in
■ blice, wide Hercules braid. ■
American spread - eagle _
I embossed in silk, patent i
■ leather visor, just as you ■
I see it in the picture. _.
™ The Cap will cost you
J 98c. ;
■-■-■- ■- ■- ■-■-■- B- B-B
m A big lot of
'**^l Ladies' Belts, in
tan, black, red
>gdgj 1^ and green
"iSnT leafher - lre ' ll
W _:v sell these Mon-
jr : 1; day ai '
|P 19cSANTIAGO GROWING
HARDER TO CAPTURE
But It Is Thought Shaffer's Army
Will Be in Possession Soon
After Landing.
ON BOARD THE DISPATCH BOAT SOMMERS N. SMITH,
OFF SANTIAGO, June 17 (via Port Antonio. June 18).— Admiral Samp
son is standing in close at present. The Spaniards are repairing the bat
teries which were destroyed the other night. The outer defenses are still
capable of considerable resistance, and the task of taking the city is grow
ing harder daily. «
It is thought that by brisk work immediately after the arrival of
troops a successful attack can be made. All have confidence in Admiral
Sampson, and hope the troops will be in possession of Santiago within
forty-eight hours after their arrival. The troops had not arrived when I
left Santiago on the Smith last night. They were expected hourly.
It was reported on the flagship New York this morning that Gene
ral Perez, commanding the Cubans at Guantanamo, had haneed a Span
ish spy on whom a letter was found telling the conditions of marines
there, the defenses of the place and the results of recent engagements.
The Yankee went to Cienfuegos Wednesday and engaged a Spanish
gunboat, which mistook her for a Spanish merchantman. The gunboat
fled into the harbor and the Yankee exchanged shots with the fort and
retired.
Ensign Nelson of the New Orleans was suspended for a day. His
punishment was inflicted for the purpose of controlling the too am
bitious spirit of the young officers. He went ashore with the launches to
reconnoiter and landed in spite of orders. It is expected this will be a
salutary lesson to the mc:i whose spirit of daring, especially since As
sistant Naval Constructor Hobson's heroic exploit with the Merrimac,
has frequently passed the bounds of good judgment.
Two launches from the Texas and Massachusetts which were with
the Vixen when she shelled a Spanish regiment near Santiago this morn
ing displayed great daring. One was hit by ten Mauser bullets and the
other by seven, yet no man was hurt.
MAY RESORT
TO THE LAW
San Jose's School War
Not Ended.
WOMAN'S CLUB AGAIN ACTS
SECOND PETITION IN FAVOB OP
MBS. CLEMENT.
Points Out That New Charter Pro
visions Were Violated When
Her Successor Was
Named.
Special Dispatch to Tiß <">»n
SAX JOSE, June IS.— The Woman's
Club, at a largely attended meeting
this afternoon, again took up and dis
cussed the dismissal of Mrs. A. B.
Clement, Deputy C3ty Superintendent
of Schools, to make room for Miss Irene
Hankenson, who is a friend of "Boss"
Ilca. A couple of -weeks agr> the Wo
man's Club passed resolutions asking
the Csty Board of Education to reinstate
Mrs. Clement, but these were ignored
by tie School Trustees and pigeon
holed. The .natter has been vigorously
discussed during the past couple of
■weeks and the action of the Board of
Education has been bitterly condemned.
The resolutions adopted to-day are
stranger than the others, and point out
APVEBTT^F WEMTSI
809 Market Street, Corner Fourth,
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BOUSING. RECEPTION ROOM— ft
OOJTSTJX.TA'I'IOJSr-FRJSIg.
V- — —z_¥i -^^ ! WL^"^^^' For the -Next 30 Days Oar P*4ce« Will Be -
'^^~%& < tyJirf'i&lL^ ' '' • • FUl*. SKI 1 OF TEETH .......,* 90 «j,
lW^nn WWW^M^t^ >r«fM <^>» CROWNS. 22K... .■..•.■.■....-..■., 8«o up
*-MnE UU y^%w r^^^\' vc^ < ««• 1 - Bn«XSl£ WORK, per ..,,-.•.•..,, 4« up
COO wii> SHA'ER MM!«!  2^ llp
FOR/7^ M^^'-^\\^^r"^ (s<>lJi FUSING ./...v.v.-v..,,.v.v.-.v..v. w>; ,ip
T%&, 43 '«> "* •CtAAiCI-NHi,."TEBTH ..■.■.•..■.....■.■.•.•.•.•..•.-.■. flOe n$
-n.*-<*>i iffl.K Xa ExtTB<rt©cl A-'fljwcai AJwajs IB AtfcBda«&
_._" _.. j,; | J filued -. A ITIVSIGiM Aw^JS in AitdreaflvCs
I L. I rU vf, gi\ mil ronwNPQ -
I Lt. 111 \&Kh " 'fi?' »^/i Z^L B-KlfifeEDOT«R-AT«R»-tABT ATTENDANT
\snSorT pai: BrWK * wol * PHONE DAVIS S©4^
orfic* Bwt o*. at. to M p. m -i Son^ar*. •*.», to I p. »
CARTHAGLNAc DOCKYARD— THE SALUTING BATTERY.
where a provision of the new charter
has been violated by the appointment
of Miss Hankenson. Under the new
charter a person to be -appointed to
a deputvship mast have been a resident
of the city for at least two years. Miss
Hankenson has never resided in San
Jose. Miss Hankenson was elected at
a special meeting, and this is claimed
to have been illegal. :.,.>
The resolutions unanimously adopted
by the Woman's Club and ordered pre
sented to the City Hoard of Education
are:
To the Honorable Board of Education:
Whereas, the charter of the city of San
Jose particularly provides (Article XI).
section 4) that "all city deputies must
have resided in the city of San Jose at
least two years"; and. whereas, the rules
governing the Board of Education espe
cially specify (article II) '"that no busi
ness shall be transacted at a special meet
ing of the Board of Education except that
for which such meeting was called ; and.
whereas, the recent meeting of the Board
of Education, at which teachers aivl a
deputy superintendent of schools
were" said to have been elected,
was called "to recommend " and
elect teachers" only. and, therefore,
without power to elect a Deputy City
School Superintendent; and, whereas, the
lady whose name was then presented and
voted for for the office of City. Superin
tendent Is and has been a resident of Gil
roy, and, therefore, not eligible for any
deputyship in San Jose schools; therefore,
be it
Resolved, That the San Jose Woman's
Club respectfully requests the Board of
Education to ren-ppoint Mrs, A- B.
Clement, the Incumbent, to the office of
Deputy City School Superintendent at
the next regular meeting. ;y~u
Mrs. Clement has been Assistant City
Superintendent of Schools for the past
six year* and is a most efficient offi
cial She is very prominent and has
a large number of Influential friends.
The validity of the provision of the
charter quoted In the resolution will
likely be tested In court if .the Board of
Education Insists on, Miss Hankenson
holding office.
District Attorney for Alaska.
WASHINGTON*, June IS. — General
Frcideriehs will he appointed Tainted
States District Attorney for Alaska in a
few days. This is sure. He 'has the
strongest kind of indorsements, not only
from the California dclejratlon but from
Senators Baker of Kansas and Cullom of
Illinois, as well as Congressman Joy of
Missouri and Curtis of Kansas.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
BOYS IN BLUE
AT HONOLULU
Treated Royally While
on the Islands.
GREAT ENTHUSIASM SHOWN
HAWAIIANS JOYOUSLY GREET
AMERICAN TROOPS.
Many Kinds of Entertainment Pro
vided Before the Charleston
and Transports Resumed
Their Voyage.
HONOLULU. June 10, via Victoria,
B. C June 18.— The United States
transports City of Peking, City of Syd
ney and Australia arrived here on the
Ist inst. The voyage down was pleas
ant and the vessels traveled abreast
most of the way. although it was nec
essary for both the Peking and Aus
tralia to slow up to wait for the City
of Sydney.-
As soon as the three vessels were
sighted all Honolulu turned out to
welcome the soldiers. The docks were
lined with people, and as the vessels
entered the harbor the spectators
yelled themselves hoarse. Such a
scene of enthusiasm had never boen
witnessed in Honolulu. When the ves
sels docked it was late, so the order
was given to allow no one ashore. The
next morning about hait of the
troops were allowed to land. During
the day they were given the freedom
of the city. The committee of citizens
furnished free cars and other convey
ances, and baseball and other sports
were arranged. The men visited
"Waikiki and other points of Interest
, and had a pleasant time generally.
At noon President Dole and his Cab
inet received the officers of the expedi
tion. During the reception the stairs
and grounds of the executive building
' were thronged with people.
During Friday. June 3. the soldiers
( were entertained on the grounds of the
! executive building. President Dole
i was on hand to welcome them. He was
assisted by a number of prominent la
i dies. The visiting troops were intro
duced to the President by members of
the National Guard and citizens gen
erally. The utmost freedom prevailed,
the affair being very informal. To each
man the Chief Executive gave a word
, of welcome to Honolulu.
At 10 o'clock the California and Ore
gon troops were landed from their re
spective vessels and started to march
to the executive grounds. Cheers were
given them as they marched through
the streets. The feast was served by
the ladies of this city. Rows of tables
were covered with appetizing dishes
and there was more than enough to go
around.
An event unique in Hawaiian history
and one having peculiar interest at this
time took place on board the United
States cruiser Charleston on June 4
when Prince David Kawananakoa and
Cupid Kalanianaole presented to the
warship a glorious American flag in
the name of the Queen Dowager, T'- - p
iolani, and the Hawaiian people. The
I ceremony was simple, but beautiful and'
impressive to a degree, and bears di
' rectly on the growing confluence and
friendship of the native Hawalians to
the great American nation over the
seas. It was a history making event
in the relations of the two countries
which have been so closely drawn to
; gether in the last quarter or a century.
The ceremony took place on the main
deck of the Charleston, i.r.d was wit
; nessed by the entire diplomatic corps
and the leading officers of the army and
navy of the United State- now in Ha
waiian waters and on Hawaiian soil.
Three Kamehameha School students,
all native Hawaltans, tried . to enlist
with Colonel Summers of the Oregon
Regiment for the trip to Manila. The
people here were so excited over the
war and so immensely enthusiastic In
their America:, sentiment that four
men, regular members of the Hawaiian
i army, Joined the United- States forces
i here* They went on board the Peking
and were enlisted at once.
It Is given out officially that the Ben
nington will not leave j» irt until the
arrival of the Mohican. The Rennlng
ton will go to Mare Island to be cleaned
and then will be sent to Manila as a
fleet convoy-. "•■
While the United State* troops were
In this city over 7000 letters were writ
ten by them-. The postage* amounting
to $441. was paid by the Hawaiian Gov
ernment. Most of the writing was done
in the legislative halls-. The stationery
was furnished free of char;re-.
The United States transports left for
Manila on the 4th.' .The Charleston be
gan to draw anchor about 7 oVinck.
She steamed outside and watted for the
Peking and Australia-. The fleet, con
sisting of the Peking-, Australia and
City of Sydney* got away about 10
o'clock, with the Charleston In the rear.
While the vessels \rere In port they
took on board In ;'■ the neighborhood ■; of.
1600 tons of coal-. Among the 2500 men
on ; the various vessels but two deser
tion* were recorded. ■ and - they were
from an Oregon regiment. Two men
were left: behind* One was discharged
for disability and the other, Ib in a local
hospital-
WILLIAM'S
FRIENDSHIP
YET FIRM
German Official Declares
the Kaiser Is Weary
of Abuse.
But the Berlin Press Generally
Continues Its Unfriendly Tone
Toward America.
BERLIN, June 18.— Emperor Wil
liam's sentiments in regard to the war
between Spain and the United States
have considerably changed during the
past month. A member of his Majes
ty's court informed a correspondent
that the persistent statements of the
American and British press, "often
coupled with insulting comment, alleg
ing the Emperor intends to actively in
terfere in behalf of Spain and Imputing
to his Majesty sentiments which were
actually foreign to him at the opening
of hostilities, have greatly annoyed
the Emperor, and the constant reiter
ation of the erroneous statements as to
Germany's official attitude being un
unfriendly to the I T nlted States have
displeased Emperor William exceed
ingly. The informant of the correspond
ent continued:
"After the repeated official assur
ances which our Government has given
to maintain the strictest and most loyal
neutrality, his Majesty's brief but
pointed declaration to the same effect
in a speech from the throne, at the
closing of the Reichstag, in which he
testified to the unbroken friendship
between the two countries, it is down
right folly to speak of Germany's ulte
rior motives in connection with the
war. There has not been a single act
or word from the Government which
could be construed as unfriendly to the
United States, nor has the Govern
ment any such intention in the future.
It is difficult to understand the train
of reasoning by which the Americans
conclude that either the Emperor or
the Government is unfriendly to them.
Either as a nation or as a belligerent,
Germany has always kept faith in poli
tics and in diplomacy. Why, then, this
attempt of the American and British
press to construe every act as an un
friendly step? Naturally the Emperor
and the Government are seriously an
noyed at the wholly groundless charges.
Patience is a virtue, but there is a
limit to it." ,
In contrast to the foregoing official
utterance there are a variety of indi
cations in regard to the Philippines.
The officials of the Foreign Office say
Germany's strong naval display at Ma
nila is made merely to protect German
subjects and a part of the press adopts
the same attitude, based on the For
eign Office statement, saying the Impu
tation that Germany meant to Interfere
In the American operations or in the
American occupation of the Philippine
Islands is baseless, aa Germany's naval
force there is altogether too Bmall for
such a purpose.
Nevertheless, many editorials are
couched in quite a different spirit. For
Instance, the Marine Polltlsche Oorres
pondenz, which has close relations with
the Government, says It expects the
concentration of the German forces will
have* "permanent results," and advo
cates Germany obtaining from "the re
public of the Philippines," a point
<r«.ppul, similar to the ( German base of
opor.it lons at Kiaoehnu Bay, while the
Wwiseho Zoitung says: "The nresence
of a powerful international Meet at Ma
nila duubtleas means not only the pro
tection of the European population, but
the protection of the interests of the
powers which have to safeguard their
advantages and prevent injury to their
interests acquired in the past and pre
vent the Philippines being torn from
Spain. Germany and Russia, Franco
England and Japan will not supinely
submit to see the future of the Philip
pines led Into new paths nor will they i
relinquish the right to co-operate In
such a now group of foreign interests "
The Kreua Zeltung, the main Con
servative organ and a paper which Is In
close touch with tue Government after
claiming the United Htates cannot pos
sibly want the Philippines nays: "This
will naturally result in the Philippines
being restored to jpain by the Ameri
can*. But it is, of course, doubtful '
whether at the close of the war Spain \
will be strong enough to keep any colo- •
nies and It 1b also doubtful If the is- ,
lands will be able to govern themselves. !
So, In any case, there will be difficulties, i
the final outcome of which It is impos- ;
alble to foresee*
Generally speaking the German >
powaoaxterg continue thair unfriendly I
tone toward America though they are
somewhat more cautious. All the re
cent news from Cuba and the Philip
pines is interpreted as being un
favorable to the United States, and the
Guantanamo Bay affair is dubbed a de
feat unqualifiedly. Nevertheless the
papers are now printing numerous com
munications from pro-Americans pro
testing against the persistent abuse and
slander to which the Americans have
been subjected since the opening of the
war.
In spite of denials from Madrid Spain
continues her underground efforts to
prejudice the powers in her favor. On
Wednesday last Senor Castillo, the
Spanish Embassador to France, arrived
at St. Petersburg to support the efforts
of Count Villa Gonzalo, the Spanish
Embassador at St. Petersburg, in the
latter's efforts to induce the Russian
Minister of Foreign Affairs. Count
Muravieff, to join France and possibly
Germany in intervening- in Spain's be
half. Senor Castillo expected to return
via Berlin in the event of receiving en
couragement at St. Petersburg, which,
however, is doubted.
Owing to the fact that Germany has
not fulfilled the terms of the commer
cial treaty by which she undertook to
grant exceptionally favorable rates to
Russian grain and other products,
Russia has sent Germany an ultimatum
on the subject, and unless the prom
ised rates are made effective on the
Prussian railroads by August 1, severe
reprisals will be undertaken on impor
tant German imports.
The best informed people believe the
Brussels sugar convention will result
in the abolition of bounties in spite of
French and Austrian opposition, ow
ing to Great Britain's threat to place
extra duties on sugar imported from
states giving bounties. The industrial
federation has sent a memorial to the
Bundcsrath, praying that American bi
cycles, which heretofore have been
classed as fine ironware, be hereafter
classed as vehicles, thus raising the
duty on them from two to three marks
to twenty to forty marks, or 20 per cent
advalorom per wheel.
The Socialist party, which has thus
far condemned high duties on Ameri
can goods, is now, through its organ,
the Neve Zeituner, advocates a Euro
pean tariff league against the United
States with a view of killing Ameri
can competition.
A decree has been Issued dealing
with the liabflitv of foreigners resid
ing in Germany to military service. Tho
rules heretofore governing the cases of
Americans are not changed; but a
more strict enforcement of them has
been ordered. The United States Em
bassy is now defiling with a number
of cases arising from the decree, nota
bly the case of an American residing
at Ptettln. whose sons were born In
America, but who married and settled
here. They are now told to return to
America or serve In the army.
The failure of Joseph Leiter, the Chi
c.-igo grain operator, is much comment
ed on here as being a "lesson to greedy
speculators." The commercial papers
hold Tjeiter responsible for the revolu
tions which have occurred In Italy and
elsewhere.
SHOT BY A VAQUERO.
Agent of the Mexican Government
Wounded Near Tia Juana.
SAN # DIEGO, June IS.— J. W. Grace,
an agent of the Mexican Government,
was shot by a Mexican vaquero near
Tia Juana this morning 1 . Grace had
gathered a number of horses at Tta
Juana, the animals being: designed for
the Mexican cavalry. While driving
them across the line Grace became In
volved in a difficulty with Joe Montijo,
one of the vaqueros, and the latter
fired five shots at his employer, one of
them wounding him in th» arm. Mon
tljo whs arrested by Mexican rurales.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
fS/WSl^H 7 ' ."The enemy is
*^3±jb-f/~^ coming: To the fort
PT'|M»jCj» for ydut lives!"
I' /YT'V^ When a wise man re-
TawV V\.\ // ~ >y * ce ' yes a plain warning
layL jir/\ /-* of danger, he does not
\yjr JSm/fVJ wait to let it overtake
ttw\kl&jV yhim; he seeks every
V\\s^H reasonable means to
\\«/ " ** fight it off.
Mfi VI Disease would almost nev-
E^ffftEn I*^1 *^ er & et ie D<rSt °^ l k fc average
K> 3hP*K j man if he was prepared to
BaSr* t-' resist it, and took the natu-
ral precautions dictated by common sense.
when a man's stomach and liver get up-
set and fail to do their regular work, he can
be certain that something worse is bound to
follow, if he doesn't look out for himself.
Headaches, indigestion, biliousness and
constipation are simply Nature's warnings
that the enemy of serious disease is coming
to attack him.
The sensible thing to do is to immedi-
ately fortify the system with Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. It vitalizes and
invigorates the entire constitution It helps
the liver to filter out all bilious impurities.
It gives the digestive and nutritive organs
power to extract nourishment from the food
and turn it into rich, red, healthy blood. It
creates appetite, good digestion, and solid,
muscular strength. ■ ; .
It. is. far, superior to the mere temporary
- stimulus of malt-extracts. It is better than
cod liver oil emulsions because it is assimi-
lated by the weakest stomach. -
■'■ " About fifteen years ago " writes Mr. John Mo-
Michael, editor 01 the Plattsburg, (Mo.) Leader,
" I was in very poor health, had no appetite, was
sluggish, and so lifeless it seemed impossible for
me to do anything that required effort. Every full
and spring this ill-health seemed to affect me par-
ticularly. A friend advised me to use Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery asserting that it would
restore me to perfect health, and make 'anew
man ' of me. Flnallv he induced me to try the
medicine. I weighed at the time about 135 lbs.
1 used several bottles, and upon quitting it
weighed 175 lbs. Since that time my weight hat
varied from this to 195 pounds ■ ■
.•■; A sure and permanent cure for constipa-
tion is Dr. Pierces Pellets. One " Pellet"
is a ffertlc laxative, two a mild cathartic. ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GIVE ■
TO YOUR
!#? «4» tb Let your ideas be ever so lofty,'
EE ip ip e^ your tastes be ever so extrava-
& 3^ £- g an *» what a revelry, what an in-
§« So Sfe ; dulgence in men's finery, and:
ip So 'SS . what a collection of the world's
Si 3£ 5" finest fashions, of the world's:
32 $ So most metropolitan fashions, from
O<V3 O<k) O\'^O the fashion centers ; yea, from the'
Sg SI the fashion centers ; yea, from the
2o ?c a I fashion centers of the world — such'
SiS Sfe 32 garments, such ideal fashions,
oka 060 c<>o '^
og gS Sfc suits and overcoats, that we have.
*c 3G SS sold right straight along at $20
ojo c|o 3jS and were considered excellent val*'
o|o $ 35 oes at that, are now yours at
♦ > * ELEVEN DOLLARS.
!/ I li 1 j jf
We do this every year, but always in July. We do
it to effect a clean up, not on account of backward*
business, because we have enjoyed a very big business,
but lines are getting small and we clean before the
season is over; that is the only apology we offer for*
giving you these suits. These overcoats now at
ELEVEN DOLLARS.
■ ■■■■■■■■■■
I, I ,
a JTou- know what the swell ■
a tailors are making — those ■
a /^,a^ make clothes to order g
■ /row $50 $7Jf /i'« a 1
t *•
P )?/ie blue or black Worsted J.
■ Cheviot with silk facing on I
II if; it's quite the swell idea I
I \ •- -. -:■--. B
II with double-breasted vest. ''
II These were $20 ,\ they're ■
II «ort* ' g
.1 $11.00. «■
■-■-■ -■- ■-!■-■-■ -■-■-■
B-B-B-B-B-B— H— B-B-B-B-B B B B B B B
P And then those pretty spring colorings in W
B the Club Checks, in grayish and brown, h
lifh*- oolorings, but not too light; right I
within the confines of good taste, and yet up \
II to the decree of upper swelldom. These at B
I $11.00. J
. B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B--B B-B-B-B-B-S
3-11 -13-15 KEARNY ST.
THE FRISCO BOYS.
■-■-■-■-»-■ ■■■■■■
g You know the swell Top ■
| Overcoats are those in t<in, X
B 2&e .Boo? Coat We have ■ j
' gone better than that we 0
I 7&ai?<s lined them with the I
■ finest grade of silk in sev- y
B eral pretty shades to select g
| from. You know a silk- I
" lined coat sivch as we offer W
II is never within the reach |
II of any one under $20. If \
I you're early they're yours *
7 $11.00. ■
■-■-■-■- ■-■-■-■ -B-B-T
34
PROJECTILES
HURLED INTO
GUANTANAMO
Sampson's Ships Bombard
the Town With Telling
Effect.
Spanish Sloop Captured in the
Harbor by the Cruiser
Marblehead.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, June 18.— I
News from Guantanamo Bay up to this '
morning shows that naval operations
there continue most active and with
the advantage on the side of the Amer
icans. Yesterday morning at 9:30 |
o'clock tho Americans resumed the
bombardment of Guantanamo town,
and in the course of one and a half ,
Hours threw into it seventy-five shells, j
most of which appeared to have been |
effective. Six of these shells were 13- !
inch, eight 8-inch and tht- rest smaller, i
The men in the tops ould see many
of the shells strike in the very center
of the town, while others fell among
the shipping and commercial buildings
near the water's edge.
Smoke arose in dense columns from
the places where the shells fell and it
Is believed that the damage, both by
the impact of the missiles and the con
sequent conflagration, was very great.
On Thursday evening the ships had
thrown four 13-inch and nine 8-inch
shells Into the town. This bombard
ment began at 4 o'clock and ended at 5
o'clock. Much smoke and confusion
were discerned in Guantanamo during
Its progress. Crowds of people and
troops of soldiers were seen moving
about, and the vessels in port hurried
ly changed their anchorage.
On Wednesday night the Texas pen
etrated into the bay of Santiago, pass
ed Morro Castle and poured a well-di
rected fire both upon the stronghold
PLANS FOR THE SEWAGE
PLANT AT FOLSOM
Prieon Director Hayes Instructed to
Have Necessary Surveys
Made.
FOLSOM. June IS.— At the regular meet
ing of the board of directors at the Fol-
Bom Prison to-day bids were, received and
contracts awarded. The bids on tea,
wood and lumber were rejected.
Director Hayes was appointed to make
arrangements with Engineer W. R.
Eckart to make a sorvej of the grounds
of the Folsom Prison and report to the
board the best method of disposing of \hr
prison sewage, the sum of $15,090 having
allowed by the board of examiners
for the establishment of the plant. Should
the plant rest morf than $15,000 thepropo-
Bition must be submitted to the State
Building Board before the work can be
prosecuted.
Plans for a chapel and nr-w guardhouse
■were submitted and the Warden instruct
ed to proceed with tlu-ir construction. A
communication was received from Gov
ernor Budd asking the board to consider
the application ni" Abe Majors and Uert
Willmorp. the youths sentenced from Oak
land for burglary, for pardons. The board
reported against the pardon being grant
ed. Majors and Willmore are only 18 and
19 years of age. and have served over two
years of their sentence.
The large contracts were given as fol
lows:
C. Swanson & Co., beef $5 19. mutton
$fi 19; W. R. Lnzalere I'ommission Com
pany, bayou beans $2 54 per 100; Chris
tlanson & Co., cabbage and other vege
tables, dried fruits, eggs and codfish;
Phoenix Mill Company, feedstuffs, bar
ley $1 41, bran Ssc, middlings 95c and flour
$4 31 per barrel; H. S. Crocker & Co.,
the bulk of the stationery; Sulli
van, Kelley & Co.. paints, oils, etc.; Mau,
Sadler & Co., chewing tobacco: Baker &
Hamilton, most of the hardware, the pipe
contract, powder and cartridges; Meblus
& Drescher, small groceries, smoking to
bacco, granulated sutjat $5 S3, golden <J
bursli Jo 23; Marysville Woolen Mills,
blankets, $3 29; C. H. Myers & Bros., hats,
$4 25 per dozen; Levl Strauss A Co.,
'cassimere, striped, for convict suits, fifty
eight inches, S2^c; 28 inches, 27 V.
Weinstock, Lubin & Co., small dry goods
and cheviots. H 1 * c^nts, gum boots; tt'as
eornian, Davis & Co., socks, flannels, S*4
cents; J. Hyam, coats and vests. No. 1,
$4: No. 2, $2 75; No. B, trousers. $1 25: M.
1,. ArtKlt. No. 1, trousers, $2 49; heavy
cole leather, S. H. Frank & Co.; small
beans, etc., D. Dlersen & Co.; drugs di
vided principally between Mack & Co.
and Kirk, Geary & Co. of Sacramento.
DUST AND NUGGETS
SENT OVER THE TRAIL
Two Hundred Thousand Dollars the
Value of One Shipment
From Dawson.
SKAGUAY, June 14 (via Victoria, B. C,
June IS).— A shipment of gold dust and
nuggets estimated at $200,000 came out
yesterday from Dawson over the Dyea
trail. It wan placed on the steamer
Tartar and consigned to Victoria. It is
understood that the gold belongs to the
Canadian Government. Latest advices
from Lake Bennett are that most of the
river fleet has gotten away. Up to June
1 over 2500 boats had been registered by
the mounted police, the boats carrying an
average of four persons each. Of the
first lis boats to make the start forty-one
were lost, but no one was drowned. One
of the Bartlett Bros.' large scows was
■wrecked at Tagish and the cargo was a
total h hs.
At the White Horse the police have
licensed two pilots. Dickinson and
Richards, and all boats shooting the
rapids are required to take a pilot. There
arc nov.- altogether six steamers on Ben
nett and four on Linderman.
FIRE AT PORTERVILLE.
Loss of Buildings and Contents
Valued at $6000.
PORTERVILLE, June IS.— Fire this
afternoon resulted In the destruction of
Mllllck's paint shop on the south side of
Mill street, Armstrong's blacksmith shop
ami a residence to the east, and Jacobs'
block, Lloyd's livery stable and Joy's
blacksmith shop on the north side of Mill
■treet. These were frame buildings and
their contents were destroyed, excepting
the- animals and vehicles of Lloyd's stable,
which were saved with great Atttcutty.
The tiro started among the paints and oils
In Millick's paint shop and spread rapidly.
The lofs on buildings and contents is
about 46000.
Murder of a Postmaster.
HILDRETH. Neb., June 18.— Robert
Glenn, postmaster of this place, was shot
through the heart this evening by Albert
Grlpakey, an Insane bachelor who liv^s
Dear town. Death was Instantaneous.
Gripskey was taken in charge by the
Sheriff. There had been no difference be
tween the men. Gripskey bad long been
and the castle Socapa. This battle be
gan at about 11 o'clock and ended at
about midnight. There was very little
response from the Spaniards, and such
as there was did hardly any damage.
Nobody on the American ships was
killed in any of these actions.
The Spanish officers who were cap
tured on Wednesday at Guantanamo
Bay are reported to be on board the
Marblehead.
The news of the work on Wednesday
night by the Vesuvius and New Or
leans in Santiago Bay is confirmed. The
Vesuvius threw shells into the water
to explode the mines, while the New
Orleans engaged the fortifications
along the shore.
The Marblehead has captured a
Spanish sloop in Guantanamo harbor
and made eight soldiers, who were on
board, prisoners.
The Americans are now practically
in full possession of Guantanamo Bay
and the white tents? of the land force
present a rather imposing spectacle.
There Is occasional firing from the
Spanish land ."orces, but it is always
inefficient and of -« Importance.
Day before yesterday our soldiers at
Guantanamo captured a Cuban with dis
patches which he was carrying to the
Spanish general. He was turned over
to the Cuban commander and shot. An- j
other Cuban was also captured the |
same day under similar circumstances.
His fate is under consideration.
considered peculiar, but was supposed to
be harmless. Postmaster Glenn was an
old soldier and an ex-member of the Ne
braska Legislature.
FOLLOWED THE PAPER.
Inaugural Chase of the Season by the
San Rafael Hunt Club.
SAN RAFAEL, June IS.— The inaugural
paper chase of the season was held to
day by the San Rafael Hunt Club. A
start v : a3 made at the Hotel Rafaal :it
4 p. ir.. Louis Hughes acted as hare. The
hounds were Baron yon Schroder, Ba:\>n
A. yon Schroder. Dr. Howitt, E. M.
Greenway. George Quarre, E. Fischer. S.
H. Boardman, Frank Glass, Mr. FinJgan.
K. P. Crpwley, Miss Crowley, Miss Bertha
fmith. and Mrs. B. Paxton.
A cross-country course 61 about six
miles was taken along the ridge of hills
between San Rafael and Greenbrae. The
finish was on a flat near San Rafael. In
torest was added to the chase by « few
Wind scents. The first lady at the finish
was Miss Crowley, with Miss Bertha
Smith second. S. H. Boardman finished
first among the gentlemen and Baron A.
yon Schroder second. Miss Crowley and
F. H. Boardman. who is secretary of the
club, won the two silver prize cups. It .8
probable that the next chase will take
place on July 2.
REICHSTAG ELECTIONS.
Kioters Attack the Police Station at
Gruenberg.
BERLIN*. June 18.— Reports of results in
the Reichstag elections from 391
districts show the return of 39 Con
servatives, 9 Imperials, So Centrists, 4 Re
formers, 9 National Liberals, 2 Fressin
nig Union candidates, 1 candidate of the
Fressinnig People's Party, 1 Agricultural
League candidate, 34 Socialists, 14 Poles, 1
Dane, 9 Independent and 2 candidates of
the Peasants' League.
In 1991 districts reballots will be neces
sary. In most of them the polling will
take place on Friday next. There were
riotous demonstrations at Gruenberjj,
Prussian Silesia, over the defeat of the
Fressinnig candidates. The police station
was attacked, but the riot was suppressed
by a detachment of Uhlans.
SESSION OF THE HOUSE.
Chiefly Devoted to Eulogies of the
Late Senator Harris.
WASHINGTON. June IS.— To-day's ses
sion of the House was devoted chief! y to
eulogies upon the life and character of
Senator Harris of Tennessee. Prior to
hearing eulogies some consideration was
given to a conference report upon the
District of Columbia appropriation bill.
Speeches were deliverer] by McMlllin of
Tennessee. Bland of Missouri. Richardson
of Tennessee, Myers of Louisiana, Mcßae
of Arkansas. Benton of Missouri, Rhea of
Kentucky, Sims of Tennessee. De Armond
of Missouri. King of Utah. Carmack of
Tennessee, Swan of Virginia, Clark of
New Hampshire.
The usual resolutions were adopted and
at 4:30 o'clock the House adjourned.
Linton Is the Victor.
NEW YORK, June 13.— For the third
time In their racing career, Tom Linton
of Wales and Eduard Taylore of France
met this afternoon at the Manhattan
Beach bicycle track, and this time Linton
was the victor. Taylore won the first two
matches, the distance being fifty kilo
meters, about thirty-one miles, which took
place In Paris. To-day the distance was
thirty miles, and Linton won by a lap
and a third, about 800 yards. in 55 minutes
23 seconds, which Ms 13 4-5 seconds behind
the world's record made by McDuffle at
Boston yesterday.
Fred Titus. In a trial for the American
one- kilometer record, made a now record
for the distance on this side of the At
lantic by clipping one-fifth of a second off
the figures made by Earl Riser. Titus'
time was 1:01 1-3.
About 6000 people witnessed the races
Summary:
One mile, handicap, professional final heat—
"Won by R. A. Miller (30 yards); second R F
Ircltind (45 yards): third, H. F. Terrill Ban
Francisco (If. yard?); fourth. Major' Tavlor
(scratch). Tim*. S5 1-5 seconds.
Professional match race, one mile, heats, first
heat pared— Jaape Kuen, Holland, won; Major
Taylor second. Time, 2:13 1-5.
Second heat, unpaced— Won by Taylor. Eden
second. Time, 3:09 3-5.
Third heat, paced— Won by Taylor. Time.
Thirty-mile championship, between Eduard
Taylore of France and Tom Linton of Wales-
Won by Linton. Time, £5:23.
The Misses Atkinson "Win.
PHILADELPHIA, June 18.— Miss Juli
ette Atkinson and her sister, Kathleen
Atkinson, of New York to-day won the
laaies' doubles, lawn tennis champion
ship of the United States, defeating Miss
C. H. Neeley of Chicago and Miss Marie
"Winner of Washington, on the grounds of
the Philadelphia Cricket Club. It took
five sets to decide the match, the score
being 6-1, 1-G, 4-6, 4-1. 6-2.
Advnnces mnrie on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAX FKAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
HONORS FOR
FAIR NATIVES
Grand President Makes
Appointments.
NEW STANDING COMMITTEES
SELECTION OF THE DISTRICT
DEPUTIES.
Indications That the Coming Year
Will Be a Prosperous One
for the Entire
Order.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 18.— The twelfth
session of the Grand Parlor is a thing
of the past, but it will live as a pleas
ant memory with the people of Wood
land, as well as with the delegates who
participated in the deliberations of that
memorable body. In point of intellect
uality and forensic ability, the Grand
Parlor compared favorably with any
convention that ever assembled in the
State. It was specially noted for fluent,
impromptu talkers and ready debaters.
The legislation was wise and well con
sidered and in the selection of grand
officers the Grand Parlor exercised
commendable discrimination and ex
cellent judgment.
The new grand president, Mrs. Lena
H. Mills, has the reputation of being a
woman of considerable executive ability,
and her friends are predicting that the
order will flourish under her leader
ship as it has never flourished before.
Nearly all of her appointments were
made Friday evening. As soon as she
reaches San Francisco her standing
committees will be announced as fol
lows:
Finance— Miss Minnie Coulter, Santa Rosa
No. 4. Santa Rosa; Mrs. H. M. Green. Buena
Vista No. 68, San Francisco; Miss Rosa Day.
Golden State No. 50, San Francisco.
Appeals and grievances — Miss M. B. Johnson,
Califla No. 22. Sacramento: Mrs. Allison
Watt. Manzanita No. 29, Grass Valley; Miss
Mamie Dlllln(tham. Ramona No. 21. Martinez;
Mrs. Genevieve Baker, Buena Vista No. 68.
San Francisco.
Petitions— Miss Mary Kaler, Ruby No. 46,
Muri'hyß; Mrs. Callle Shields. Forest No. H,
Plymouth; Mrs. Mattie Stein. Ivy No. SS, Lodt.
Returns— Miss Lizzie Douglas. Alta No. S,
San Francisco; Miss Mary Rlchter. Alta No.
3, San Francisco; Miss Annie Donaldson, Min
erva No. 2. San Francisco.
State of order— Miss Clara K. Wittenmeyer.
Ramona No. 21. Martinez: Mrs. Allison Watt.
Manzanita No. 29. Grass Valley; Miss Emma
Hilkf, J'.aquin Xo.j, Stockton; Miss Kat° Bart
nett. Concordia Nb.i S5. Concord. Mi.ss Marguer
ite Brown. Miriftm No. 91. SomersviUe.
Legislation— Mr?. Carrie B. Durham, Joaqufn
No. E, Stockton; Dr. M. P. Campbell, Vosf-mlte
No. S3. San Francisco; Miss Nellie Morrlll, El
Pajaro No. 35. Watsnn vllle : Mis* i™n» m,i
sick. Crescent No. 76, Crescent City; Miss Hat
ti» I-. Fish'-r. Manzanita No L"J. (irass v ttllev
Ritual— Miss Mariana Hertola, Ramona No.
21, Martinez. Misß Clara K. NVittenmeyer Ra
mona Sr,. 21. Martinez; Mrs. Carrie R. Dur
ham. Joaouin No. f>. Stockton; Miss Minnie
Coulter, Santa Rosa No. 4. Santa Rosa; Mrs.
Mary E. Tillman, Minerva No. 2, San Fran
cisco.
Printing and supplies— Mrs. Emma Gett
CaJlfta No. 22, Pacramento; Miss Emma Ben
nlng. Buena Vista No. 68. San Francisco; Mrs.
Ariana Sterling. Aleli No. 102, Salinas.
Laws and supervision— Mrs. Cora Slfford,
Buena Ventura No. 95. Ventura; Mrs Eva
Nlckell, Cahfla No. 22. Sacramento; Mrs. Laura
Frates, Ama;iola No. SO. Sutter Creek; Mrs
Ella Caminetti. Ursula No. 1, Jackson- Miss
Irene McLeod. San Jose No. 81, San Jose.
Transportation— Mrs. Belle W. Conrad Dar
danella No. 66. Sunora; Miss Minnie Martin
Eitapome No. 55. Weavervllle; Miss Emma.
Barney, Joaquln No. 5, Stockton.
She also named her district deputies
as follows:
First district, comprising county of Del None
Mrs. Ora Crawford. Crescent No. 7fi.
Second dietrict, comprising Humboldt County
Miss Lulu Mudgett, Eureka No. K.
Third district, comprising the counties of
I.ake and Mendocino, supplied by deputy at
large.
Fourth district, comprising the counties of
Sonoma and Marln, Mrs. Lizzie Baker Santa
Rosa No. 4.
Fifth district, comprising county of Trinity,
Miss Minnie Martin. Eltapome No. 55.
Sixth district, comprising Siskiyou, Shasta
ami Tehama counties, Miss Lena F. Blumb
Lassen View No. SR.
Seventh district, comprising Glenn and Co
lUßa counties, supplied by deputy at large.
Eighth diFtrict x comprising Napa County
Mrs. Helen Juarez, Eschol No. 16.
Ninth district, comprising Yolo and Solano
counties, Mrs. Nellie Coll. Woodland No 90
Tenth district, comprising Western Yuba,
Sutter and Butte counties, MJss Grace Schoor,
La rorona No. S3.
Eleventh district, comprising Modoc and Las
sen counties, to he supplied by deputy at large.
Twelfth district, comprising Sierra County,
Mies Florence Farrow, Golden Bar No. 30.
Thirteenth district, comprising East Yuba,
Nevada and Placer counties— Mrs. Nellie Goo<l
speed, Sierra No. 42.
Fourteenth district, comprising the count!e«
of El Dorado and Sacramento — Mrs. Emma
Oett. Callfla No. it.
Fifteenth district, comprising Amador County
— Mrs. Julia Downey, Chlspa No. 40.
Sixteenth district, comprising Ruhy No. 46
and Princess No. S4— Mrs. M. L. Condy, Prin
cess No. 84.
Sixteenth district (b), comprising Dardan
elles No. 6C and Golden En No 99. .
Seventeenth district, comprising Contra Costa
and San Joaquin counties. .
Seventeenth district (b>. comprising Joaquin
No. 5, Ivy No. S8 and El Pescadero No. 82—
Miss Ida Sufferhlll. Joaquin No. 5.
Seventeenth district (c), comprising Ramona
No. 21 and Meriam No. 91-Mlsa Marguerite
Brown. Antloch No. 91.
Eighteenth district, comprising Angellta No.
32 and Olivina No. 61 of Alumeda County
Miss Jennie May, Olivina No. 61.
Eighteenth district (b), comprising Alameda
No. 1R and Piedmont No. 87 of Alameda County
-Miss Gertrude Surrhyne.
Nineteenth district, comprising the- counties
of Mono, Inyo and Alpine, to be Bupplled by
deputy at large.
Twentieth district, comprising Mariposa
County. Miss Mary Sterns, Mariposa No. 63.
Twenty-first district, comprising Merced and
Madera Counties, Miss Mamie Ryan, Veritaa
No. 75.
Twenty-second district, comprising Fresno.
Kings and Tulare counties, to be supplied by
deputy at large.
Twenty-third district, comprising Dro Fino
No. 9, YoFemite No. 83 and Sans Soucl No. 96,
San Francisco, Mrs. J. A. Stelnbach, Alta
No. 3.
Twenty-third district (b'l, comprising Alta
No. 3. Orinda No. 56, La Estrella No. 89, San
Francisco, Mrs. Theodore Lunstedt, Buena
Vista No. 68.
Twenty-third district (<•"). comprising Golden
State No. 96, Buena Vista No. 68. Mrs. Gene
vleve Baker. Buena Vista No. 6S.
Twenty-third district <d), comprising Ml
nnrva No. 2, Bonlta No. 10, Miss Dora Wilson
Bonlta No. 10.
Twenty-third dlstrW (c), comprising Fre
mont No. 69. Las Lomas No. T2, Mrs. Emma
Thierbach. La Estrella No. K9.
Twenty-fourth district, comprising Aletl No
102 and Santa Cruz No. 26, Mrs. Ellen French,
Santa Cruz No. 26.
Twenty-fourth district fa), comprising Santa
Clara and Monterey counties, Mrs. Sarah
Durke. Venrtome No. 100.
Twenty-fifth district, comprising Santa Bar
bara and Ventura counties, Mles Margaret
Shepherd. Buena Ventura No. 95.
Twenty-sixth district. San Louis Obispo
County. Miss Jessie Klrk, San Miguel No. 94.
Twenty-seventh district, comprising Kern and
San Bernardino counties, to be supplied by dep
uty at large.
Twenty-eighth district, comprising Los Ange
les, Riverside and Orange counties, Emma L.
Schmltz, La Esperanza No. 24.
At large— Northern counties, Mrs. Allison F.
Watt.
Central counties — Miss Susie Kohlberg, Joa
quin No. 5, Stockton; Mrs. Callle Shields, For
est No. — , Plymouth; Miss May Woods, Callfla
Nil $2. Sacramento.
Northern counties— Miss Emma Delwlg, Oro
Flno No. 9, San Francisco.
At a meeting of the grand trustees
last night Eliza D. Keith was elected
chairman.
Tandem Record Lowered.
DETROIT. June 18.— Fred Joseph and
Frank Head, local men, broke the
world's record for an amateur tandem
unpaced, mile, at Cycle Park to-day, rid
ing the distance in 1:50 flat.
Over a Thousand a Minute .
ST. LOUIS, June 18.— Samuel Ferguson,
receiving teller of the United States
sub-treasury, acknowledged bonds sub
scribed at the rate of $1100 per minute to
LITTLE HAWAII HURLS
DEFIANCE AT SPAIN
VICTORIA. B. C, June 13.— The following protest has been laid
before the Hawaiian Government in reference to the good treatment of
the soldiers and the coaling of the Charleston by the Hawaiians:
VICE-CONSULATE OF SPAIN IN HAWAII, Honolulu, June 1.
"Sir: In my capacity as Vice-Consul for Spain, I have the
honor to-day to enter a formal protest with the Hawaiian Gov
ernment against the constant violations of neutrality in this harbor,
while actual war exists between Spain and the United States of America.
Requesting you to acknowledge the receipt of this communication, I
have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient, humble servant.
"H. RENJES, Vice-Consul for Spain."
To H. E. Cooper, Esq., Minister of Foreign Affairs. Honolulu.
Minister of Foreign Affairs Cooper responded as follows:
DEPARTMENT OF FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HONOLULU. June 6.
"Sir: In reply to your note of the 15th inst. I have the honor to say
that owing to the intimate relations now existing between this country
and the United States this Government has not contemplated a procla
mation of neutrality, havii reference to the present conflict between the
United States and Spain; but, on the contrary, has tendered to the Unit
ed States privileges and assistance, for which reason your protest can re
ceive no further consideration than to acknowledge its receipt. I have
the honor to be, sir,
"HENRY E. COOPER, Minister of Foreign Affairs."
The reply was indorsed by the Hawaiian House of Representatives.
day. Over 250 persons presented them
selves at the teller's window to hand in
their deposits for the new 3 per cent
bonds. Of that number of applicants
nearly 40 per cent were women. One boy
of 7 years asked for $20 worth. The half
million mark has been passed.
Results of the Chess Games.
VIENNA, June IS.— ln the playing of
the thirteenth round of the International
Chess Masters' Tournament to-day Pills
bury. Showalter and Schlechter defeated
Schiffers. Alapin and Walbrodt respect
ively. The Tarrasch-Blackburne game
was a draw. In the afternoon and even
ing session Brun drew with Marco.
Trenchard lost to Steinltz; Baird drew
with Maroczy; Caro drew with Halprin,
Janowski beat Tschigorin.
Murderer Vignolo Held.
LOS ANGELES, June IS.-The prelim
inary examination of George A. Vignolo
on a charge of murdering his wife took
place this morning and Vignolo was helc
to answer. He was formerly City Tax
Collector. He secured a divorce from hts
first wife some years ago and married the
woman whom h» shot last Sunday. Sue
was formerly the vif<: of a saloonkeeper
named Shane, and got a divorce to marry
Vignolo.
This Employe Is Patriotic.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— A New York
draft for $100 was received to-day by thf
Treasurer of the United States by an em
ploye of the postofflce Bervlce, stationed In
the Northwest, who wishes his name
withheld, as a donation to the United
States, to be applied to expenses of the
war with Spain. This lie states to be for
the months of April and May He add-,
that he will send a pro rata of his salary
for each month the war lasts.
One California Boy Passed.
WEST POINT, N. V.. June IS.— The
academic board completed the examina
tion of the ninety-eight candidates who
applied for admission to the Military
Academy last Tuesday. Only thlrt>-e>ght
passed, among whom were: Henry Lee
Bowelby, Nebraska; Oscar Foley, Mis
souri; Leo E. Shellberrler. Oregon. R.ci-i
mond P. Williams, Arizona; and Edmund
L. Sane, California.
Peace in Venezuela.
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
CARACAS, Venezuela. June 18.— Peace
now is assured in the republic. Hernan
dez, the rebel leader, is confined in the
fortress and the other chiefs in the late
rebellion are hastening to surrender to
General Andrade.
Revolution Suppressed.
PORT AU PRINCE. June IS.-The lat
est news from San Domingo is to the ef
fect that the attempted revolution there
has been suppressed. President Hereaux
returned to Ban Domingo on Thursday.
Tranquility prevails through the repub
lic. _ .
Randall Jury Disagrees.
EUREKA, June IS.— The jury disagreed
to-day in the second trial of A. W. Ran
! dall, ex-prepident of the Randall Banking
Company, charged with embezzlement. It
is understood the case will be retried be
fore another jury.
Yousoff Bests Two Men.
ST. LOUIS, June 18.— Yousoff, the Turk,
in a wrestling match at Athletic Park
to-day, threw Ivan Skobel in one minute
and fifteen seconds, and George Baptiste
in six minutes. The Turk agreed to meet
and throw all comers or forfeit $100.
American Player Beaten.
LIVERPOOL, June IS.— ln the lawn ten
nis match at Algurth to-day Clarence llo
bart, the American player, met H. L,. iJo
herty to decide the championship. Do
herty beat Hobart, three sets to love.
HE'S THE KIND.
The spirit which has animated the
naval militia, who have volunteered to
a man for any kind of work to which
they may be assigned, was well illus
trated last week by the remark of a
comparatively new recruit whose
family live up on the Sound. This boy,
for he is just 21, joined the naval re
serves about six months ago. and his
drill was the nearest approach to hard
work of anything that he had ever
done. When the war came, despite the
protestations of his parents, he en
listed, and la,«t week he was working
on the Yankee. He obtained forty-eight
hours" shore leave and went home.
When his mother saw him she was
shocked. He was begrimed with coal
dust to such an extent that nothing
but a hot bath would make him pre
sentable.
"Why, you are a perfect sight, said
his mother. "Can't you get hot baths
on board the boat?"
"No, of course not," said the boy,
and he lost no time in getting one at
home. Then he slept for six hours,
and when he turned up for dinner he
looked like himself.
"I trust that you get as nice straw
berries as these," said the mother at
dinner.
"Strawberries!" ejaculated the ama
teu tar in deep disgust. "Not a straw
berry. We get regular navy grub, and
we are glad enough to get it when we
knock off work. Say, do you know
what I've been doing?"
"What have you been doing?" asked
his mother.
"Why, I've helped to stow away
eighty tons of coal, that's what."
"Merciful heavens, child! Can It be
possible? To think of my son carrying
coal. I will ask your father to have
you released at once."
"No, indeed, you won't," said the
tar. "I won't take a release. We have
all gone in for it, and I'm going to
stick it out until the end."
When his shore leave expired the
Naval Reserve man left his bathtub be
hind and reported for duty again to
carry coal or swab decks, as the case
might be.— New York Sun.
A HANDKERCHIEF FAD.
If you want to be quite up to date In
the matter of carrying the proper sort
of handkerchief, you should have it
embroidered to match the flowers you
wear in your hat. For instance, if you
have forget-me-nots in your hat, the
handkerchief you carry when you go
out should" have these flowers embroid
ered on it; the same as to daisies, prim
roses, or any other flower. A. very
pretty combination was seen the other
day, which looked so springlike and
fresh. A young girl wore a white chip
hat, covered with mignonette. Peep
ing out from the side of her pocket
book was seen the daintily embroid
ered edge of her fine cambric handker
chief, with a wreath of mignonette or
namenting it and -arming a lovely
border. In the same way handkerchiefs
embroidered in flowers to correspond
with those worn on evening gowns are
very much the fashion just now, and
will be all summer.— Demorest's Fam
ily Magazine.
IN THE SUPERLATIVE DEGREE.
The finest gardens in the world are
the Royal Gardens at Kew, England.
They cover an area of about 270 acres
and are visited by about 1,500,000 per
sons a year. The gardens contain the
finest collection of exotic plants in the
world, a palm house, a winter garden,
a museum, an observatory and a school
for gardeners.
The largest geyser in the world is the
Excelsior Geyser in Yellowstone Park
Its basin is 200 feet across and 330 feet
deep. This basin is full of boiling
water, from which clouds of steam are
constantly ascending. At long intervals
water is spouted into the air to a
height of from fifty to 300 feet.
The deepest hole in the earth is at
Schladehach, near Ketschau, Germany.
It is 5735 feet in depth and is for geo
logic research only. The drilling was
begun in 1880 and stopped six years
later because the engineers were unable
with their instruments to go deeper.
This hole was expensive, as its cost was
$53,000.
The greatest suspension bridge in the
world is the Brooklyn bridge, which
also leads the world in the number of
its daily passengers. Its length, includ
ing approaches, is 5989 feet, the distance
between the towers 930 feet; the weight
of the structure is 6470 tons; its cost
was over $15,000,000. The bridge cars
carry about 45,000.000 people every year.
The largest stock yards in the world
are in Chicago. The combined plants
represent an investment of over $10,000,
000. The yards contain twenty miles
of streets, twenty miles of water
troughs, fifty miles of feeding troughs
and se%-enty-five miles of water and
drainage troughs. The yards are capa
ble of receiving and accommodating
For those who are weak and weary, for those who are dreary, for those who are
' gloomy, for those who are down there is life— life to be had. Examine your
condition to-day. Is it what it should be? If it is not make it so. You feel that
you have lost power. You know that you are not full of vigor and vim. Then
why remain in that condition one moment longer? Do not lose heart and say
that there is little or no hope for you. "Hudyan" is yet to be had, and "Hudyan"
has made manly men out of weaklings who had lost far more of their vitality
than you have. That is the straight, the plain, honest truth. Fancy an army of
21,000 men. That is the number that testify to "Hudyan's" marvelous power as a
vitalizer. It recreates man. You have abused your brain power ; the "gray matter"
has been depleted. "Hudyan" restores it to you. You have treated your stomach
unfairly; "Hudyan" puts it into its normal condition. No matter what part of your
system you may have treated unfairly or abused— it is the same thing— this great
remedio-treatment makes up for the loss of power, and makes you a whole man
again. What is
Do you ask? It is nature's remedy for weak men. It brings back the feeling of
pleasure in life that you once had. It restores to all men that grand sense of per-
fect manhood which alone makes existence joyous. It rejuvenates the system.
Sweet sleep, a body capable of doing big manly work, a feeling of confidence and well-
developed organs is what "Hudyan" brings. Ask what it has done. No cent of ex-
pense to you. Circulars and testimonials are very gladly sent to you, Will you have
them? Ask for the best medical advice in the wide, wide world. It is free to you, too. :
Will you have it ? Why not ? No matter what bothers you, get the advice. In case of \
blood taint in any of its stages get the free "30-day blood cure" circulars. That cure
drives the poison out of the system at once. Absolutely no after effects. The cure is
as permanent as it is rapid. Find out about it. But you can only get "30-day cure"
and "Hudyan" at the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, San Francisco.
THAT IS THE HOME OF CURES
fiet More tn f \l\ Fh I\T Get More
- . -■ . H flfifl KM BM ■ oß^^v \Bft Hm iSt^ ■ -
VimUife 1 "1 i T 11— «1 1 Fire 1 Life
ADVERTISEMENTS. _________~~~~
GREAT BARGAINS
FOR THIS WEEK.
Silk Dep't. Domestic Dep't.
PA YARD— ISOO yards of new Silk ft I YARD— IOOO pieces of American
I ISP Foulards, 24 inches wide, ' in XqP Percales, in neat designs, suitable
wUU beautiful neat designs. Well UuU for children's wear, in blues and
worth 85c. pinks and tans, fast colors. Worth
12/ic a yard.
ftp YARD— 2OOO yards of extra good ;fa s- YARD— SO pieces of White Pique,
khP quality Black Satin and Gros- i /HP extra good quality. On sale at
Uwll Grain Brocades, in choice pat- 4uU 25c yard
• terns. Worth $1.25 and $1.00
a yard. ■- I'— »-
Dim Goods ' ' Waist Dep't. •
i/IUUU UUUUUi ||Hr flfl EACH — 10 dozen Ladies' Taf-
i V KiUU feta Silk Skirts.corded flounce,
Af" YARD— 6S pieces of 40-inch A!!- | |pU- in the new shades of Cardi-
ihn Wool Dress Goods, in fancy nal, Emerald, Turquoise, Pur-
4UU mixtures and checks. Reduced pie, National Blue. A great
from 60c and 50c a yard. bargain at $5.00 each.
" mr 7R EACH— IO doz. Ladies' Fancy
mr Or SUlT— Black Wool Grena- \hi IJ Taffeta Silk Waists, made of
VHi Ou dines, this season's latest \SIJ good quality Taffeta Silk, in
lPv styles, extra good quality. satin stripes, checks and
Reduced from $12.00 and plaids, made in the latest
$10.50 a suit. styles.
123 to 129 POST STREET.
daily 20,000 cattle, 20,000 sheep and 120,- ]
000 hogs.
The greatest banquet in history took i
place on August 18, ISB9, when the 40,000 !
Mayors of France sat at table in the :
Palais de l'lndustrie in Paris. There
were three relays of about 13.000 guests ;
each. To prepare the feast required :
seventy-five chief cooks, 1300 waiters,
scullions, cellarmen and helpers, 80,000
plates, 52,000 glasses, knives, forks and
spoons in proportion, 40,000 rolls and j
fish, meat and fowl by the ton. The
banquet was part of the centenary j
celebration of the c snts of 1789.—Chi
c ago ( News.
INCOMES OF WRITERS.
According to a writer in Success Mrs,
Amelia E. Barr draws an income of
$20,000 a year from her writings.
The assertion is made that for the
last twenty years Alphonse Daudet
never made less than $20,000 a year
from, his work.
Nansen having made a comfortable
fortune out of his book, "Farthest
North," Johansen, his comrade of the
sledge journey, is reaching for a share
of the plums. It is rumored that he has
received $3000 for the English rights of
his coming arctic volume, and the Ger
man, Norwegian and French editions
Will, no doubt, be profitable also.
The connection of Zola with the
Dreyfus matter has had ne effect on
the sale of his latest book. "Paris."
France bought fewer and outside coun
tries more of the book in consequence.
Before the trial 63,000 copies of the bonk
had been ordered by booksellers, and
before the day of publication 10,000 f
these orders had been canceled i .
France, but 15.000 extra orders were re
ceived from outside countries. Of the
books sent away Russia took the most,
Germany, England and Italy following:
after.
A gold coast negro prince is amoncr
the candidates for the bar at Lincoln's
Inn. London. His father is Acquasie
Kaye, King of Deakerah, in the British
protectorate.GOMEZ NEEDS
FOOD SUPPLIES
Has Thirty Thousand
Armed Men.
CAN INCREASE THIS FORCE
AWAITING THE ARKIVAL OF
MORE RIFLES.
Sickness Mnking Great Inroads
Auioner tlie Half-Starved Span
ish Forces Defending
Havana-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 18.— C;,-*plti Ra
fael route of the Cuban army has ar
rived at the headquarters of the Cuban
Junta In this city with dispatches from
Genera] Gomez. He was accompanied
by a lieutenant of the army of libera
tion.
Captain Conte and his companion left I
:• in Las Villas. The general then
had with him a bodyguard of only six- j
ty men — a cavalry escort. There was
little food in the region where Gomez
v .is making his headquarters, so he did
not mass any targe number of men
there, but had them spread over a large
extent of territory and directed their
movements from hi« headquarters. He
hafl all the necessary arrangements
made for the concentration of the
troops when the proper time comes, but
keeps them scattered and employed in j
rrilla warfare in the meantime, so
that they may find food.
The captain claims that Gomez can
titrate 30,000 armed men in a short
time at any point where it is desirable.
There are several thousand more men
who are attached to Gomez's army, and
:.ly waiting for arms to be avail- :
for defensive or offensive opera- j
tions.
Gomes Is now especially desirous of
ving arms and food, It is untler
st.'Mii ;i definite plan for the co-opera
tion of the troops under Gomez with
the United States troops, when the time
for such co-operation arrives, has been
arransr.-.l between the general and the
Department at Washington.
tain Conte Bays that from Infor
mation received from Gomez's spies it
i.-- known that in all the garrisoned
c held by the Spanish sickness is
making great ravages among the
is. The hospitals in Havana are so
crowded with Bick that proper medical
attention cannot be given them, and
the number of dead increases every
day.
The coal supply of Havana is nearly
exhausted, and what there is left has
been tak.'ii in charge by Blanco, who
has his ofl rvi • its consump
tion. The electric lighting company re
c.-r.t'r I an order to shut off its
dynamos at 9 '.'(luck, so that the coal
might be husbanded. After the hour
."t which the electric licrht works shut
down Havana \s now In darkness.
INSTRUCTIONS TO
REVENUE COLLECTORS
How Stamps Are to Be Issued and
Distributee! Under the
New Law.
WASHINGTON, June IS.— The following
circular of instructions has been issued
to Collectors of Internal Revenue:
The revenue act of June 13. 189S, providing
stamp to.xes on the documents, articles and
other •inns* enumerated In schedules A and B
of said act becomes operative as to such taxes
on and after July l, 1898. In view of the public
demand for Information relative to the method
of procuring, .affixing and canceling said
stamps, the following- instructions are fur
nished with the request that you Rive the same
the widest publicity possible. Adhesive stamps
of the following denominations will be supplied
collectors before July 1, 1898, for sale: Docu
mentary stamps under schedule A, 1. 2. 3, 4, 5,
10, 2."> and SO cents, $1. 12, $'■. JlO and JSO; pro
prietary stamps, schedule B, 'j,. 'A, %, >£, l,
II I*,1 *, -■ 2 1 *. 4 and 5 cents. These stamps may
be sold to. any person, whether for use or re-
Bale, and "when purchased in quantities of $100
or more in value at one time, a discount of 1
per cent is* allowed.
Wherever practicable, but one stamp should
be placed upon an instrument or article, and
where any one stamp will not denote the tax,
as few stamps as possible should be affixed.
Proprietary stamps must be affixed conspicu
ously on the outside of the article or package,
and, where practicable, so that the opening:
of the article or package will destroy the
stamps. All such stamps must be plainly
canceled when affixed by writing or imprint
ing with a hand stamp the Initials of the party
or firm who paid the tax and the year when
affixed.
Collectors should make orders at once " for
proprietary and documentary stamps in quan
tities, and of the denomination desired for a
two months' supply. Stamps for checks and
drafts will be imprinted upon the paper or in
struments in the cities of New York, Chicago,
St. Louis, Atlanta and San Francisco, and it
13 expected that such imprinted stamps will
be ready for delivery before July 1. All orders
fur such stamps will be made through col
lectors and forwarded to the stamp agent at
the . lace where such stamps are imprinted.
If necessary the 2-cent documentary stamp may
be used on the bank checks, drafts, etc.
Private dies for printing proprietary stamps
■will be prepared and furnished to such pro
prietors as desire them and comply with the
provisions of Section 9 of the act of June 13,
1898. All designs for dies and applications for
stamps most be submitted to this office through
collectors. All engraving will be done by the
Government at the expense of the proprietors,
and deposits to cover cost of dies and the price
of imps (not less than $2000 at one time)
must be made before the stamps will ■ be
printed. Manufacturers of proprietary articles
will be required to use the general proprietary
stamps until stamps can be furnished from
their designs.
Collectors will retain applications for pri
vate dies and tamps therefrom until regula
tions prescribing methods and means of se
curing the same are issued. The regulations
relative to the tamp provisions of the revenue
not approved the 13th inst. will be Issued and
distributed in a few days.
SHOT HIS OLD SWEETHEART.
Soldier Knott Journeys a Long Dis
tance to Wreak Vengeance.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. June 18.— Emma
Oakland, a woman barber in this city,
was shot and seriously wounded by John
Knott, a private In Company D, Seventh
Illinois Infantry.
The shooting had been planned, and
Knott traveled 1500 miles to accomplish
bis purpose. Knott arrived in the city
direct from Camp Alger. Va.. where his
repiment Is located. Calling at the bar
ber shop he stepped up to Miss Oakland,
addressed her by her name and asked her
to shave him. Siie refused. They talked
for a few minutes, when he suddenly drew
a revolver and before any one could in
terfere he had Jlred three times at the
woman.
Knott gave himself up to the police.
He says he became engaged to the girl in
Chicago, but after he went to Camp Alter
she wrote him a cruel letter, breaking
the engagement. Tie said if she died he
would soon follow her.f-^yJs,
•
Smuggled Opium Captured.
HONOLULU (via Victoria), June 18.—
The authorities have captured a part of
the opium cargo brought to this country
by the Bchooner Labrador, which in now
(ii the beach at Mulcena Maui. There
are 1300 tins in the lot.
Fire in the Potrero.
The family of Charles O'Connell, living
at 1533 Fifth avenue. South, had a nar
row escape from being burned to death
yesterday morning. At about 2 o'clock
Mrs. O'Connell wcs awakened by a strong
smell of smoke in the house. Rushing
down stairs she found that the walls of
the kitchen, directly under the bedroom,
were blazing. With the assistance of
neighbors the fire was extinguished be
fore much damage" had been done.
- ■ Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without rc-moviC- -i. Noon an. 1017-1023 Mission.
GROWN WEARY
OF THE WAR
Spanish Merchants Cry
for Peace.
PETITION THE GOVERNMENT
BELIEVE IT FOLLY TO KEEP UP
THE FIGHT.
Press of Madrid Continues to Call
Upon the Ministry to Bring
the Struggle to an
End.
Special Dispatch to The Calt
NEW YORK, June 18.— A dispatch to j
the Herald from Madrid says: An |
allocution of the Government by the
powerful council general of Catalonia,
which represents the mercantile Intel- ■
ligence of Spain, calling for peace, has j
created a deep impression here, all the ;
more on account of the logical and I
practical reasonings with which the j
council considers America's conduct I
unjust, yet does not justify Spain in
continuing an unequal combat, which
is bound to result in overwhelming
ruin.
"It Is better," It says, "to submit to |
an imposition, heavy though it be, ;
than to carry on a terrible war with
thousands of disasters. The matter j
will not be any more glorious after we j
have been ruined and the lives of thou- !
sands of our soldiers lost."
The allocution ends with a call for \
immediate peace.
The endless objections raised in the |
Cortes to the taxation necessary for .
the continuation of the war are met ;
by the governmental organ, El Diario. i
It says:
"The country neither asked for nor
wants war. It understands neither its ;
origin nor its issue, and on that ac- ;
count shows neither enthusiasm of any !
kind nor does it respond by its attitude j
to the responsibilities which the situ- |
ation imposes upon the Government. It '
refuses sacrifices which would willing- \
\y be accepted under other circum
stances. With such a sentiment exist
ing it is impossible to ask the Govern- I
ment to prolong a war for which the !
country does not seem inclined to pro- !
vide the necessary resources. Without i
money we cannot have war."
The Epoca, whose seriousness is j
above question, says: "In our opin- j
ion El Diario reflects with thorough I
exactitude the position of the Govern
ment."
The Epoca cannot understand how
the Government .an vacillate as to
which course to take. It says:
"There can be little doubt, according j
to the consensus of matured opinions .
which have been gathered, that peace I
at the present moment, when the entire i
world gives full recognition to Spanish
valor and bravery, is highly opportune
under the circumstances, which may
not be so good again."
STARVATION FACING
THE SPANISH SOLDIERS
Fearful Conditions at Santiago Re-
vealed in a Communication
Taken From a Messenger.
CAMP McCALLA. Outer Harbor of
Guantanamo, June 17 (pc;- the Associ
ated Press Dispatch Boat Wanda, via
Kingston, Jamaica, June 18). — The fol
lowing Intercepted report from the
Spanish military commander at Guan
tanamo was taken from the body of an
unfortunate messen^r who attempted
to pass the Cuban lines. It gives the
official Spanish version of the attack
of the American fleet in the capture of
the outer harbor of Guantanamo a
week ago, and discloses the fact that
starvation is facing the fpanish troops
in Eastern Cuba. This is verified by
extracts already telegraphed taken
from a recent issue of a newspaper of
Santiago de Cuba and from the fact
that a number of Spanish regular sol
diers have surrendered to Captain Mc-
Calla, offering as a reason for doing so
the necessity of obtaining food. The
letter reads:
CAIMANERA, June 13.— T0 the com
manding general of the military division
of Santiago de Cuba: At dawn on Sunday
seven ships appeared before the port of
Caimanera and tired grape shot and s.U
kinds of projectiles on the Playa d :i IS-ue
and the Cayo Toro, until they set fire to
the forts on the Playa del Este, burning
the houses of the pilots, which were occu
pied by a detachment of American
marines. The cannonading continued with
more or less intensity until 5 o'clock in
the afternoon. As the Playa del Este had
only two muzzle-loading guns and sand
intrenchments, the detachment coulu do
nothing before six ships firing on them
from all sides, and they retired into
Aiana-gua and to Cuzzo Hill, where they
remain to-day, making sallies on tne
beach. From that day the ships occupied
Punta Caracoles, observing the move
ments of ships, which occupy all the outer
port with war transports, a variable
number of armed ships, other vessels of
war and armed merchant ships. The total
is never less than four.
I have also taken the Enanto passes and
the vigilant gunboat Magnel is ready to
fall on them where damage can be done.
I remain In Caimanera and will only
leave when I think it necessary. I have
not been able to antagonize the American
ships with rifle fire. Forts Sandoval and
i layo Toro fired their pieces of artillery,
but their effectiveness was interfered with
by the shortness of their range, or when
the ships retired to the center of the
channel and took up a position in the
middle of the bay. Sandoval has not over
seven rounds of armor-piercing projectiles
and Caimanera battery did not fire, re
serving its fire until the ships entered the
channel, which is where its guns reach.
I am told that the insurgent forces at
Baracoa have come down to Signabos,
being apparently greatly pleased at noting
the American squadron has ta.ken poses
slon of the outer bay as if for a base of
operations, the American ships having
anchored as if in one of their own ports.
I am continuing to serve out half ra
tions of everything and in that way I
shall be able to reach to the end of the
month only, especially in bread. I have
no flour of any kind, as I have previous
ly said, and I have no way of getting any,
a? there has been no grain here for some
time past. We are equally short of qui
nine In the hospitals. However, I have
taken possession of the private drug
stores and will have enough until the end
of the month. The town is suffering form
privation.
On Saturday we had only twenty
wounded. At Craigo Morro the cable
house was riddled with shell, but it still
stands, and if the Americans abandon the
port, which I doubt, everything possible
will be done to re-establish communica
tion, to which end I have everything
ready.
To-day there Is in the haroor a large
armored vessel, the Oregon, and seven
more vessels, with a large transport, the
St. Paul, which appears to be a store
ship. They patrol the Playa with armed
launches. I returned to Caimanera after
seeing the bearer of this dispatch start
ed. Fie is worthy of my confidence. As
a messenger of brigade he has rendered
me great service. By sea I have a ready
youth, who has served in the navy and
who volunteered to go. I earnestly rec
ommend him to your Excellency, should
he arrive. FELIX PAREJA,
Commanding Section Brigade, Eastern
Military Division of Cuba.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
THE EMPOBIUM.
Have you seen the marvelous, world-famous picture,
"Christ Before Pildte," now on free exhibition at the
big store ? The immense canvas portrays 40 life-si^e
figures, representing the various types of people in Jerusa-
lem at the time of Christ. It is a recast by the colored
artist, U^elson A. Primus, of the original painting owned
by John Wanamaker.
Wash Fabrics*
All the pretty new summery effects
for those delightfully cool summer
dresses — those dainty gowns that
make the plainest girls attractive —
this week at the lowest prices ever
asked for dependable wash fabrics.
For example :
Imported 32-inch Scotch Zephyrs—
in all colors and prettiest effects —
those that originally sold for 200 and
25c a yard on special sale now *~ x
JZ2C
2000 yards Dimities In attractive
designs and colorings — on good ma-
terials — full 27 inches wide— originally
sold for 15c yard—special this _
week *>C
75 pieces Grass Lawns— figures and
stripes— width 32 inches — extra *„.
value at sale price— per yard.... *"C
300 pieces English Long Cloth — 36
Inches wide very fine and of excel-
lent finish — 12 yards to the piece at
the extraordinarily low price.. * f .--
41 1. jD
Ostrich Boas*
A new line of Boas and Collar-
ettes just received /VTI
— our own importa- \\\ Hi
tion — selected \\l //A.
feathers — extra full j% <S^S\
and fluffy— ex- X\_tSs
ceptional values. r^"^ \^f
18-inch Collarettes & ■»» &W
$3-50, 53-75. M Z. tL
$4.50, $5.00. Ay3T^<£fa
36-inch Collarettes isP^WVii*
$7.50, $8.50, '^c^^SfN
$10.00. "* JfcO ?\
45-inch Collarettes /^•vkjv
$10.00, $12.50 ru, r
$13.50, $15.00 v-
Summer Shoes for
Ladies*
Beautiful Summer Shoes, in choco-
late colors and black — with kid or silk
vesting tops. Here is one of them:
A Lady's Genuine Hand-turned
Lace Shoe, made of the finest Vici
kid on the new coin toe — handsome,
stylish vesting top— a regular $3.50
hand - made shoe. _
Monday, and dur- ftvT"^
ing the week, we wtfj o f
sell them at $2.49— |p ILI
all sizes. JJc LI
Brown Kid— Vest- /s»&>isfc=,
ing ton 52.49 (WJW
Black Kid-Vest- L^'C/M
ing top $2.49 *s^^i|*gL
Brown Kid — Kid
. top $2.49 \^ t^
Black Kid — Kid
top $2.49
Ladies' Choco-
tlate or Brown Kid
Button Shoes-new,
stylish last and
nicely shaped shoe
— many stores a
$2.50 shoe. To
crowd the . Shoe
Department to-
morrow (Monday)
we put them on
sale from 9 A. M.
until sold $1.49
at $1.47
Glove Sale*
f[A~}<J£) Jouvin and Tre-
*42i-- — fousse Gloves — two
X of the best known
\ makes in the world
\ — an assorted lot of
) three styles — per-
/ I I feet in make and
I ill fit — ordinarily
I A I 1 se " at I - 2 5 anci
//] ' • $1.50 a pair. This
n^ JjJ wee k while they
J /ps -last, per
[/ pair..... I ZC
Colors— Tans, Mode, Butter, Cream
and White.
1 Sizes complete from 5^ to 7^, in-
clusive.
Glove Counter— Floor.
Summer Silks*
The three most popular kinds for
hot weather waists, skirts, gowns,
linings, etc., priced as only the big
store prices fine silks.
40 pieces
rr jp ! \ two-toned
f^l'K striped
V£SJ Taffeta
\Ltsf > in a large
\£¥ variety of
gf^njyL^. attractive
«S#s\ Ha color cf *
'&?■ • light!
>tt^]!//K medium.
/^\m. arid dark,
K±<£ Pood
l r^'''T]|\ heavy
[vJ.O.J'jMiV quality
p-'JKv- Ur] i"*7?V that will
KSV 6ka >vJ\S» wear ;
MV;'#>-V'rr well, now
/^/jV %^£-\j>X«iry 60c a
M "iW j & \i> V .J yard.
t\"y' \ W,o)P'S) *4r • so"Dieces
S^vjLJ^s **/'■■" 20 and 22
** w ~— x inch,
Fancy
Checked and Plaid Taffetas, extra
heavy quality in exquisite color com-,
binations, ideal waist and lining la-
brics, now marked for the •
20 inches wide 85c yard
22 inches wide ..Sl.OO yard.
24 and 28 Inch All-Silk Fouiaid,
new, beautiful designs, more than 50
styles and color effects to select from,
extra fine satin finished qualities,
' 75c, 85c| $1.00 yard
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar.
THE EMPORIUM.
<f^» /^^^^^^^ lowest Prices—
fj^£+f-> I^^^" Send for Catalogue^
(^y^^^^^^ Silk Parasols* Two Great Books/
lf^M??s^) Ladies' White India Silk Par- "Quo Vadis" and "With Fire and
Vi /"* V \A asols, trimmed with one ruffle, Sword " two of the leading books of
white handles, white frames, * he *5 .^°TA tra , nsbtl l°"l °" s '
/7_//V5/ • 1 .' i beautifully illustrated, bound in cloth,
-^7* 5^7~ very special this week <hj rr\ published affi each-ihe -big« „
at <^P > •*J\J stores' special price this week.... t>UC
25 % Off on All Men's Summer Suits*
The quick clearing sale of Men's Summer Clothing, now, right in the height of
the season, instead of at the end of July, as is usual/ Our superb Fall stock of Men's
Clothing has already been bought and will shortly be here, and then there will be no
room for the summer goods; hence to quickly clear surplus stock we say one-quarter
off the marked prices, which are positively as low, value for value, as those of any
house in the United States.
Men's $8.00 Suits, less one-quarter — will be $ 6.00
Men's $10.00 Suits, less one-quarter — will be $ 7.50
Men's $12. 00 Suits, less one-quarter — will be !i 9.00
Men's $16.00 Suits, less one-quarter — will be $J2.00
First Five Tables in
Men's Clothing Section.
Ladies' Tailoring*
New Departure*
In addition to our high-
class Tailoring and Dress-
making Department we
have added a room for
Moderate - Priced Ladies'
Tailoring.
Complete Gowns to Order
$35 00 to $50.00.
Ladies' Own Cloth
Made Up.
. Lndles' Tailoring— Second Floor —
, Back of Millinery Department.
.
Hose Supporters.
Ladies' Satin Belt Hose Supporters,
with trilled elastic sides and button
clasp, colors black, cardinal, light
blue, pink and orange; sizes 24 r -
to 36 inches: per pair
— _^— — v
Glassware*
A Sale of Imitation Cut-Glass
on [Monday, and also Tuesday, if
the lots last that long.
BJ =>*»- e o<*^ Imitation Cut-
/tf*j~!<-^'l-^N Glass Punch or
KS^^!**^ifi Lemonade Bowl,
v|||? l^|piN&W similar to illustra-
\j^^fir^r !' on ' measurin X ! 4
N^tffJsMy&Jr inches across, hold-
ing 2 gallons, regu-
lar price $2.48 each, only three dozen of
these, on Monday and Tues- * < o
day, or while they last, each.. 4>>»4o
Imitation Cut-Glass Cake Plates,
round or scalloped, 11 inches in
diameter, regular price
30c each, special < , 135 * 11 * 55593
day and Tuesday.... I6c st^^ S9
Imitation Cut - Glass N>___v
Berry Set, 7 pieces, con- w!^?^^
sisting of 8-inch bowl S/>&yy^s
with 6 plates to match, a fyvjwa^\T
; choice of several styles, :/$/;sss&
regular price 68; set, is%t|V\!sjl
special Monday and . o vwfflunpMl
Tuesday, per set.... 4Sc SflHraf
Imitation Cut-Glass oNoif ! /Gyi
Flower Vases, the right *GsXjvwl
kind for large flowers, 10 l^wj
inches high, regular price L vs^/4i
35c each, special f _ Ppk M
Monday and Tuesday v *-^«-ae--*'
For the Wheel*
Mostly little things— and. all at lit-
tle prices, compared with those you
usually have to pay.
Electric
>*" /If S/jr 2 5 C to 51.50
/y//wrl Continuous
7\ fj/j/Y* Bells!" 8
Lifji^itZ \r\ Enameled
•—■i" J *i /r*y 1. V ■ Pants
f ifX^CTS^jT^ Guard, per
'X ]4^frTOV Lubrkant «
Hand
Pumps, 25c
Cyclometers that register 10,000
miles, $1.00.
Lanterns— sl.so, 52.00, $3.00, $3.50.
'98 Solar Lamp— burns acetyline
gas, $3.50. ' .
3 in I— Bicycle Oil-bottles, 25c.
Vim Bicycle Oil— bottles, 10:.
;. : Spoke Lacquer— bott ; es, 25c.
;:; Wrenches— '9B Barnes 35c, Moss-
berg 40c. • ' *
Never Leak Tire Fluid— can, 75c.
Patching Cement — tube, 10c. •■
Patching Cement— bottle, 25c.
Rim Cement — can, .250
Special for Monday, Tues-
day and Wednesday only.
Century, Grant and Butler Toe
Clips, I9C. ■■;*■ v : ;
Foot Pumps— i>ixi2 inches— quick
.« ones — 6dc.
Duplex Bicycle Whistle— large sizes
\ — 5C ; ..■..
THE EMPORIXTM.
Stock -
Cloaks—Suits*
/*?V»*v ' $ 10
li&£^W& $4 95-
jfc/ v je' ■ This All-
J^^^r Cape, the
J^*^^v ; new ruf-
iSCc^: * \V<V. fled style,
/TK>^>-— 1 EXX. tan, black
\t///* m * * to *A 95
$18.00 Silk-Lined Jackets $10. 50
Assorted lot of
Finest Silk-Lined m
Tan Kersey Jack- js^^
ets, all sizes, regu- Z?S^&
lar prices $14, $15, t^*?^
f 16.50, $18, re- *&* 1
duced to "jtuS-%.
$10.50. /^S|\
fAiW^i • $7-50 ' Black
/^f^^lfeift Brocaded Silk
■ MiW&\ . skirts U95. -\
[ici^fll |« , $M Assorted patter ns, ■
tMifat 111 ' 2ood' heavy silk,
/%l¥i©ft\m we " -made, lined,
favMW? Man and - bound and
1 newest style hang-
ing skirt, - . Q _
regular price 57.50, reduced to 4>4.7j
$8.50 Silk
Taffeta Waists . /&K
$4-7 -jr*y
Assorted lot of
Colored and Black /£; \\\^
Taffeta Waists, fjf*. I 1 )\) )\
lined throughout, l/J/\ \ [ \l\ !//
all sizes, regular V\\\'///7 .
prices 6.50, $7-50, \jr^UJ{ \
{8.50, reduced to >/ V V\
$4.75. '' V^
Ladies' Dusters, linen, moh.iir and
5i1k......... $3.50 to $12.50
Ladies' Bicycle Suits, .-otton and
woolen $3.75 to $15.00
Shirt Waists 39c to $4.00
Swimming Suits, ladies' and chil-
dren's $2.50 to $6.50
Ladies Neckwear*
Extra-long AI I -
fSilk Ascot Puff
Scarfs — made in
latest shapes-
satin or India silk—
, solid colors or fancy
' effects— all colors—
Ladles' 1 Satin
String Ties or Band
Bows— 3 styles—
all colors— a good
quality— each
> 2oC»
Babies' Wear*
Babies' Long and Short Dresses.
Prices may seem low, but we guaran-
tee the goods and workmanship the
best . .
Boys' Gingham Aprons, for ages 1
to 4 years, box pleated .......40c
- Girls' Gingham Dresses, for aires
1 to 5 years 50c
Children's Tennis Flannel Gowns,
for ages 4 to 14 years 55c to 75c
Long Cambric Slips, ' embroidcrv
trimmed 1 35c to $1.50
Long. Nainsook Slips, embtoidrrv
trimmed.....: ...........50c to $4.50
: Long Nainsook ; Skirts, emDrouierv
trimmed ~ ..50c to $3.50
< Long/ Dresses,- lace or embroidery,
trimmed.....".— ...... ...... 75c to $9.95
Short Cambric Dresses 50c to $1.50
: Short Nainsook Dresses, : lace fir -
embroidery trimmed.. ...... 75c to $5.50
Short and Long Silk Dresses, pretty,
delicate styles, fine lace or mbroidcrv
.........$6.00 to $12.50
Babies' Outfits.
Outfit No. 1— 24 pieces..... $6.50
Outfit No. 2— 25 pieces $7.50
Outfit No. 3—31 pieces ......... $10.00
Outfit No. 4— pieces- $25.00
THE EMPORIUM.
Astonishing Values
in Dress Goods*
For the coming week', or as long as
the quantities last, these great mid- %
summer values in Fine Dress Fabrics.
•255 suits only— 4c-inch Si k and
Wool Mixtures in the very latest iri-
descent effects — subdued by the new-
est shades of blue, green, madrone,
argent and — equal in appearance
to fabrics that cost twice the price —
while the quantity lasts, a *.- .-.
full suit pattern ~ .pO.olr
18 pieces 45-inch Illuminated Crys-
tal Cloth — strictly all wool, compris-
ing nine color combinations. This
was our regular Si.co cloth, but owing
to our 75c line being broken we con-
cluded to complete it with this. These
goods were excellent value at $1.00
yard — while they last, the new — _.
price /DC
34 pieces 43-inch All-Wool Storm
Wale Cheviot in black and , navy
only. This will be found on examina-
tion to be the best Cheviot that we
have offered at the price per rr .
yard. ......:....... 50c
Candy*
"We put up our fine Candies in
tin boxes for country shipment
without extra charge."
The above paragraph, taken from
the candy page of our new grocery
catalogue, tells of one of the store
conveniences for people living in the
country or for those going out of town.
Put up in" these tin boxes the candy .
keeps as fresh and nice for two or
three weeks as when first made.
Finest French Mixed Candies —
1b.... .35c
. (3 lbs. for $1.00.)
All-Nut Taffies— per 1b.... 25c
\ CaramMs and Buttercups — per 25c .
Glace Calilornia Fruits— per 1b..50c
Fresh Salted Almonds — per 1b...50c
Candies Made Fresh Daily in Our
Own Factory— ln the Basement.
5 Cakes* 10c*
CuJahy's Cas-
o^ ==r tile Hard Water
Toilet and Bath
\\ / > ?r s^uß^\) Soap— entirely free
I *-irtO c a!l from a!kaij — Jar e
I (p/lCn 15^ 00 f i 4-ounce cake, al-
i \sgVi£&CJj wiys sold at 5c
I L_ ==s^->~'""^^ cake. The large
-'^^-^^"^^ . stock on Hand goes
on sale Monday, also Tuesday, t -.
if quantity lasts ...5 cakes for >UC
Knit Underwear*
tioo doz^n Children's
bijr'<\ Extra Fine Combed
WS J Egyptian Cotton Vests
/Q^y and; Pants an! 'Boys'.
/ T"^ Drawers, Swiss ribbrd,
n \ full finisheJ, ecru color,
/1/ 1 4l \ sped 1 1 price per. ■' gar-
mint—
Y :^wV\ ■ Sizrs 2, 3 and 4. .25 c
j\ \ "5 and 6 30c
I \J-^ ": 7 and 8 33c
, ' Ladies' Lisle Thread
\ ' Combination Suits.high
XV ■, ■ neck, long sleeves,
A . length, and high neck
/I . short sleeves, low neck ■
IV no sleeves, in knee
Til length, color while,
X^ Hv Monday and until 'i?l
. v - i * 501 d........ 50c
: Hosiery*
100 dozen Ladies' •■ .4 :
Imported Inirrain . <v^^*^\
Black Cotton Hos?, - \f '"*sr**\
Mnco split sole • v J ' (• i)^cA
double heeis and y<\v v /)&,
'toes, Hermsdorf I- ft 7?r-t' ;i> S >
black, worth 35c, ./i Ky"
special while tney ' k\ VI 7^ ' .
last, per oc Ssxj - /A I
pair -£JC . I / IV i
;25 dozen Ladies' ./. AV| A-■A '-■ .
Imported Lsl ft A/ TV Il /
Thread Hose, plain (7/ V /
and Richelieu rib- /J/ 1 i i\
te J, in these opera // / ■'■'■ 7 /
shades— pink, sky-^/>^\ » J\J
blue, lavender, gold .^--— -VO '.jU
and pearl; also 25 *<*-* •.■-' j ■-'•■',
dozen ; ; Fins 1 M.ico Cotton Hose, in
myrtle and daliah shades, worth -_ -?•'•
50c pair, special while they last.. -^vC
Just received— Another shipment of •
our Satisfactory,' Weil-Liked, Extra
Double Knee, Fine Ribbed, Fast Black
' Maco Cotton Hose for Children, sizes
-5 to 10 inches, which we will con- '^ n
tinue to sell per pair......... ......... 20c
•■ " ' '-■-•.' •• -
THE EMPORIUM.
Groceries*
Special for {Monday and
Tuesday only.
•Emporium Family Flour —
teed equal to any that you can buy —
for Monday and Tuesday only *< *yr\
—per 5ack................. $>.ZU
Schepps' Shredded Cocoanut— 1 Ib.
packages — 28c — special -->
tor the two days /X)C
Truffles in glass — regularly 70c --.
— for Monday and Tuesday- 50C
Empress Cream in tins — regularly
— Monday and Tuesday- ..... ~ r
• .4 for 25C
18 oz. bottles Fine Spanish Olives
regularly Monday and Tues- -_•
day
ro oz. Candles — for the two Q
days — per dozen 7C
15 Ib. Boxes Macaroni, Spaghetti
. and Vermicelli— supply lasts —
regularly 90c— for the two days _«
Groceries— Floor. Rear. pV
Direct Telephone South 59. , "
Liquors*
Special for {Monday and
Tuesday only.
Good Old Bourbon Whisky — on
Monday and Tuesday — per *.«.
ga110n...:..... $Z.UU
Pabst Malt — regularly $2.75
dozen— on Monday and Tues- . _
day— per dozen $2.45
The best Domestic Porter that
money can buy — regularly $1.25 dozen
—for the two days— per dozen *"«'/w\
$ J.OU
Wines and Liquors— First Floor —
Adjoining Grocery Department.
Icecream*
Icecream and Water Ices, the very
best that experts can make, any flavor
desired, delivered free in city: -.-.
per ga110n....... $Z.OO
At the Icecream counter in rotunda
we have on sale the famous Empo-
rium Pies, Cakes, Bread and Rolls,
the same excellent qualities that are
served in the model cafe.
Hat Scarf s*
Sailor Hat Scarfs in Liberty Silk—
m- -, pleated ends — all
rfSje^r-gl/j^ colors — suitable to
J&tZfeiSSrffyL trim any straw
Cp=fS|yydk walking hat- --.
JclESrafl^
4 1)1®$!% Fringed Hat
V ]is\M. S car fs — made of
t- . ~^\? «\ an c y ■ ribbons —
/( XVC/ -p JC > V^ with iringed ends
■'/T -< 75<",$i and $1.25
Appliqued Tosca Scarfs like picture
— for hat trimming — black and _-.
white or ecru 50C
Veiling Department— First Floor.
Furniture*
Several furniture customers have
recently asked us "how much off for
cash?" ,As we informed them, so we
inform you— our goods are strictly one
price, marked in plain figures ; lower
than credit houses can afford to sell,
because we have no bad debts to lose,
no collectors to pay, no large sums of
money tied up in outstanding bills.
If you have the cash to buy
your furniture, judge by these
items what it will do for you in
the big store.
•-t*^. This
/vv'V^ * reatbi e>
I* m r>j.'/- 5 : more
li v t: Mr .<) than com-
rA&J*/ fortable
/^^^rf "*y Grand-
7 Arm"' 8
\ *» *sg? *:• .' / A rm
y^\ V rv-^Vi **7 Chair, or
/^a^v/* * -7 a similar
/-"iW^V^ &£&A a? l"-o ve7
LjV."' **'*•' V.-'.-l all-over
B^L*ii-^nr^^Su-' stuffed—
-Q^Q :=^-IU-^~^J stered in
JJ^*^ a variety
cf colors of satin Russe Damask-
worth ordinarily 58.50. While A __
the lot lasts special at.. $4.75
Fin" Gondola — covered with
the finest quality of corduroy or
French velour — trimmed with a heavy
braide I fringe — variety of fashionable
colors — worth £12. Special *./ __
this week $6.75
These
large box , '
top heav- e^jsigg^==S^'sSSil?
ily braced VTTQ
sion 1 f U
highly J^^^ lOljfP^ 2'2 ' V*.
polished = fC^ljTn-' ■*><•" i?^s
—will ac- '%vr%3v*l^j^^"
commo- — —-
date ten — 
people with — worth $10 at
least— 26 of them while they & - ._
last $5.0U
Handsome 3-piece mahoganized
Bedroom Suit, with a French beveled
glass — beautifully — ordinarily
sold for $30— our regular price $25.
This week special for. _ __
$1 /./5
Good Hair Mattress — full*- _ rt
size -......„. $7.50
. Handsome Birdseye Maple 3-Piece
Bedroom Suit — washsiand, bed and
bureau— worth $50. This *-_..
week special at -.. »p<JO.UU
. Two large floors devoted exclusive-
ly to furniture for the parlor— no old
styles— everything the latest. Parlor
Suits from $14.50 to $250.
Carpets—Matting*
• Fine Axminster Rugs, mads of best
quality of material, size 9x12 * f , _-
feet, worth 30, for one week $i6.UU
Heavy Government Matting, heavy
as a board, a matting guaranteed to
wear tor years, special this week -»_.
per yard.................!.........— ..... XDC
Heavy : Matting, weight of roll .70
. pounds, not a cheap quality, bought
before the new duty went into effect,'
a matting worth* ordinarily * _ _ «
$7. 50 roll, this week f0r......... $5.50
We have hundreds of -lengths, of
Carpets varying from 25 to 45 yards.
. If you have rooms requiring about these
lengths 20 per cent discount from our
lowest regular prices.
56
SUNDAY JUNE 19, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^ Proprietor.
Address All Communicationtjo^. S. _LEAKE._Managy^ w
PLJBUCATIO?rOTFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. P.
Telephone Main 186$.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AN© BUNDAYI U
served by carrier* In trjls city and surreundlrjg towns
for 15 cent* a ws«K- By mall $6 per year; per montfe
66 cents. _______
THE WEEKLY CALL... ...On» ymr. fey mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ._. «« «» Broadway
ISEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. CJ OFFICE Rl*t* Hone*
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROUM'SS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OHFICES— S27 Montgomery Street, corner Clay,
open until 930 o'clocK. 287 Hayes street. «oen until i
9:30 o'clocK- 621 /McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open uQtll 9:30 o'clocK
1941 Mission street, open UQtll 10 o'clocK- 2291 MarKet
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- '505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'rlocK- NW- corner Twenty-second ana [
H«MucKy streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS
Columbia—" Number Nine "
Baldwin-'* The Passion Play."
Alcazar— "A Celebrated Case
Morosco's— "Under the Polar Star"
Tlvoll— "An American Hero."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
&utro Baths— swimming.
El CCapo—Music,m po— Music, dancing, boating, fishing, every Sunday.
Recreation Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
Coursing — lugleside Coursing Park.
HUNTING A PLATFORM.
WHETHER it is a result caused by the defeat of
the fusion ticket in Oregon or a slow return of
sense after the stunning defeat of two years ago
is not clear, but the Democratic leaders seem at last
to be seriously engaged in searching for a platform
that is not Bryanism and a leader who is not Bryan.
Moreover the search is being actively prosecuted at
Washington, and in a wandering, uncertain way the
Democrats in Congress are engaged in it.
According to the latest reports from the capital the
programme of policy outlined for the national De
mocracy is to be one of opposition to territorial ex
pansion, to the increase of army and navy, to a "Brit
ish alliance," and to everything which they call "im
perialism." That no party in the nation favors im
perialism, and no alliance with Great Britain is under
consideration, docs not matter in the least to the plat
form seekers. They intend to get Democrats out of
the slough of Bryanism somehow, and, seeing no
other way to do it, they propose to set up a bugaboo
and scare them out.
The Richmond Times is one of the influential papers
of the party which warmly commends the proposed
policy. It exclaims with something of joy: "Happy
thought this, and happy the Democratic party if it
shall formulate a platform with that great principle
as a nucleus, abandoning its free silver and Populistic
heresies generally and returning to the good old Dem
ocratic doctrine of attending to our own affairs and
keeping ourselves safe from all foreign entangle
ments."
Nothing, however, is ever done in a Democratic
camp with unanimity. Xo matter how joyfully
some Democrats may greet a proposed policy there
are always others. In this instance there are a good
many others. There are Democrats in Congress who
believe the party has made a bigger blunder on war
issues than it made on the financial question. There
is the exuberant Lewis of Washington, for example,
who attributes the defeat of his party in Oregon to
the war rather than to the silver plank in the platform.
Ife is quoted as having said in a recent interview on
the subject: "We dragged the Republicans into this
war, thinking we had digged a pit for our neighbor.
We have got it in the neck, where the chicken got
the ax."
Lewis, of course, was indulging in large, loose talk
when he declared his party had dragged the Repub
licans into war. The contest with Spain has not been
the result of dragging of any kind. The demand for
the overthrow of Spanish despotism in this hemis
phere was the spontaneous outburst of an indignant
people whose patience, long worn, was finally ex
hausted by the destruction of the Maine. Neverthe
less Lewis was right enough in holding that his party
has gone wrong on the war. This country is not
going to support a party which denounces every ac
tion of the Government in the prosecution of the war
as a tendency to imperialism. The people can pardon
opposition to the gold standard more quickly than an
opposition to the Government itself in a war with a
foreign land.
Never was there a better illustration of the blind
lenders of the blind than in the Democratic camp at
this juncture. The very men who are trying to lead
the party away from the slough of Bryanism are con
ducting it to a deeper slough on the other side of the
read.
To escape from the Pesthouse is such a simple mat
ter that it is strange more lepers do not do it. The
idea that some of these afflicted people are moving
about at will is far from pleasing, but so is the plan
of herding them in a hovel unfit for beasts. Certainly
nobody can blame the lepers, and if they manage to
communicate their ailment to the officials responsible
for the disgrace the Pesthouse constitutes the fact will
have to be recognized that substantial justice has been
done.
Advices from the East are that steamship com
panies there have not responded cheerfully to the
Government's appeal for the use of their steamers.
There is no disposition to do any boasting, but it is
fair to remark that the Government found things dif
ferent here.
The son-in-law of Robert Lincoln has enlisted as a
private. Perhaps this will not be pleasing to the son
of Abraham Lincoln, but if the old war President is
so situated as to maintain cognizance of human af
fairs, his approval may be counted upon.
By the time the boastful statement of a German
naval officer in the throes of a joyous jag have been
sifted through the intellectuality of a yellow corre
spondent it is really not much upon which to base an
estimate of the intentions of the Emperor.
There will not be unanimous indorsement of the
scheme for barring disreputable attorneys from the
city jail. The doors should be shut in their faces, it
is true, but the faces ought to be on the inside.
Once in a while Editors Pulitzer and Hearst must
get the impression that they are being haunted by the
ghost of Editor Dana,
THE WAYS OF ANNEXATIONISTS.
THE ways of the hired newspaper sometimes
seem past finding out. The Chronicle springs to
the attack on Senator White for his opposition
to the annexation of Hawaii, and, against all the ap
parent and implied facts, makes another appeal to
prejudice by linking him and the sugar trust together
in that cause.
In that connection the Chronicle takes occasion to
refer to "the sugar trust organ in this State," meaning
perhaps thereby The Call. This paper is not the
organ of the sugar or any other trust. Nor is it the
organ of contingent contracts made with the sugar
planters of Hawaii. Its zeal, if it show zeal, has a
radix in its conception of the public good only. It
takes no fees, in hand or in prospect, from island oli
garchists who have learned that by buying the edi
torial columns of a few newspapers they can play
Uncle Sam for a sucker, get him to pay their debts
and accept anything they have stolen when it gets too
hot to hold.
The annexation of Hawaii under offer from Dole
was always a shameful proposition. It made the
United States a receiver of goods stolon while we
held the owner to be robbed. Annexation now, since
our military venture in correction of Spain, is an in
delible national disgrace. We demand that Spain with
draw from Cuba, on the assumption that her Govern
ment there is intolerable to the people of the island.
To enforce this demand we are summoning an army
of a half-million men and spending prospectively a
billion of treasure. While we are doing this costly
piece of international correction we propose to gob
ble Hawaii against the protest of o3 per cent of her
people.
When these people whom we rob and outrage are
compared with the Cuban negroes and mongrels
whom we release from Spain the crime becomes more
glaring. The native Hawaiians, the soul of hospi
tality and amiability, are as much superior in all the
gentle qualities and love of order which make good
people to the turbulent and murderous Spanish ne
groes o.f Cuba as a Quaker preacher is to a head
hunting Malay. To be consistent in our national
career of knight-errantry, as we said to Spain, "Take
your hand from the throat of the Cubans," we should
have said to Dole, "Take your hands out of the pock
ets of the Hawaiians; withdraw your sniveling oli
garchy and let the majority rule."
It looks well, very well, in history, to highly resolve
that "the people of Cuba are and ought to be inde
pendent," and then subject the far superior people of
Hawaii to a galling theft of their country without
granting a voice to its rightful owners.
Of course these are considerations which do not
move the Chronicle. It accepts the dictum of Bob
Toombs of Georgia, that in politics one prejudice is
worth a thousand reasons, and it will continue to
paroquet about the sugar trust until the American
taxpayers have assumed Dole's public debt and he has
paid his private debts to the papers which help play
Uncle Sam for a sucker.
STATE PRIDE AND WAR.
WHEN the splendid victory at Manila broke
the monotony of reports of routine work in
getting the army and navy ready for the war
by thrilling the nation with glorious news of battle
and heroism, the State of Vermont sent forth a shout
of shriller exultation than other States and proudly
pointed to Dewey as a native of her soil. Her people
felt a local pride in having their State illustrated in
battle by such a hero, as well as a national pride in
the feat performed by the fleet of the nation.
When Lieutenant Bagley fell at his post of duty on
t!->e deck of the shattered Winslow North Carolina
felt her grief at his death tempered by a patriotic fer
vor of exultation that one of her sons had the destiny
to fall in the foremost rank of the defenders of the
Union. All Alabama has been ringing lately with the
praise of Ilobson, her heroic representative in the
war, and now comes the Boston Journal and exults:
"As usual, the oH Bay State is to the fore \Vhen our
tars perform a deed of cool and brilliant daring. Four
of Hobson's seven brave bluejackets are Massachu
setts born."
To this form of State pride there is not likely to be
any protest. Certainly none will come from Califor
nia. We have our own State pride in this war de
rived from the facts that our State was first to re
spond to the call fur volunteers, that a California regi
ment was first to embark for service beyond the sea,
that a California-built battle-ship was first to land
marines on the soil of Cuba, though she had to steam
13,000 miles to get to the scene of action, that a Cali
fornia-built cruiser served Dewey as a flagship at
Manila, that California women have led in the good
work of the Red Cross, and that the people of San
Francisco ha%-e surpassed those of any other large city
in showing hospitality and giving aid to soldiers of all
States on their way to war.
There no longer remains among the American peo
ple any trace of the spirit of sectionalism. American
patriotism recognizes no north, no south, no east, no
west as divisions of the indissoluble Union. Never
theless State lines remain and State patriotism lives.
There is among all classes of the people of all the
States a generous emulation as to which can do most
for the nation in peace and in war. The people of
each commonwealth are justly proud of those among
their fellow-citizens who distinguish themselves in the
performance of deeds of patriotism, and there can be
little doubt that among the noble incentives to noble
action in the minds of aspiring youth throughout the
country is a desire to be ranked among the illustrious
men of whom their States are proud.
A SCRAP OF HISTORY.
THE last boom attempt of the real estate specu
lators who between 1887 and 1893 undertook to
open, widen and extend various streets in this
city came to grief at the City Hall a few days ago. On
that occasion City . Attorney : Creswell ■ rendered an
opinion in the case of the Potrero-avenue Commis
sion, in which he held that so far as the extension of
that thoroughfare is concerned under the proceedings
so far taken it is dead. The principle enunciated ap
plies to the other extension, opening and widening
schemes, and therefore it may be assumed that' they
are all dead.
It is not necessary at this time to review the history
of the "commissions" thus put to death by Mr. Cres
well. They were mostly attempts to turn back yards
into front lots and boom the property of the specula
tors who inaugurated them. For these reasons they
were bitterly opposed by the people upon whom the
expense was forced, and they came to grief mainly
because these people raised a howl of disapproval
which overwhelmed the Legislature.
The interesting feature of the entire crusade is the
tendency it shows among the tax-eating classes to
overdo things. The street widenings and openings
began with the improvement of Mission street to the
county line in 1886. That scheme was successful.
Then followed the opening of a number of streets in
the Laguna survey. That scheme was also successful.
By this time the tax-caters at the City Hall comm
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL., STJXDAT, JUNE 19, 1898.
enced to understand the nature of the prospect which
had been opened up, and a grand raid on the prop
erty-owners was inaugurated. Half a dozen "com
missions," with secretaries, clerks, engineers and
other attachments, sprang up in a night, and things be
gan to boom at the municipal building. It was pro
posed to widen, open and extend streets which had
never been heard of. One commission was organized
to open highways at Bakers Beach, and another began
operations in the vicinity of Lake Merced.
At that time the town was luxuriating with a "Solid
Nine" Board of Supervisors. These nine statesmen
put everything through, notwithstanding th^ protests
of property-owners, and it finally became necessary
for the latter to move on the Legislature. They did
this in 1893 and secured the passage of a law which
dismissed the expensive commissions and ousted their
army of employes.
The statutes under which street widening, extend
ing and opening may be undertaken are exceedingly
beneficent and necessary. Had the City Hall tax-eaters
been reasonable in their demands a great deal of good
might have been accomplished under them. But the
temptation to loot the property-owners was too strong
to be resisted. The consequence was that the street
extensions and openings of 1889-00 overthrew the
Buckley machine at the election held in the latter
year. Had the political bosses of that period re
strained their retainers they might have been saved
much trouble. But they killed the goose that laid the
golden egg and put the city back many years.
OPPOSITION TO ThjE CANAL.
SENATOR MORGAN'S statement that he be
lieves it possible to frame a Nicaragua canal
bill that will pass the Senate at this session will
be received by the people with hope, but not with
faith. The Senator is of course in a position to know
the sentiments of his colleagues with regard to the
measure, but he is known to be an extremely san
guine man in matters in which he takes a keen inter
est, and there will be fears that in this instance, as in
so many others, he has permitted his wish to be father
to his thought.
The opposition to the Nicaragua canal project has
taken a form since the outbreak of the war quite dif
ferent from that it assumed before. The long voyage
of the Oregon around the Horn to join the fleet in the
West Indies, while it has given rise to a just pride in
the accomplishment of such a journey by a battleship,
has also made clear to the country the need of a
shorter route between our eastern and western coasts.
This has of course increased the popular demand for
the construction of the canal across the isthmus, and
the opponents of the measure no longer dare to op
pose it directly and absolutely.
Furthermore the war has set aside all the old ob
jections to the enterprise based on the ground of cost.
The estimate that the construction would entail an ex
penditure of upward of $100,000,000 no longer fright
ens the people as it did in times past. The country
has voted $50,000,000 simply for war preparations, and
is now expending nearly $2,000,000 a day for war pur
poses. Under such circumstances there would not be
much haggling over the expenditure necessary for the
construction of a canal so requisite to our welfare in
both peace and war, even if the cost amounted to as
much as the exaggerated estimate made by its oppo
nents.
The opposition at the present time neither denies
the need of the canal, nor does it assert that the water
way would not be worth to our fleets and our com
merce the money it will cost. The latest form of ob
jection is that the Nicaragua route is not the best for
the purpose. An attempt is now being made to show
that it would be cheaper to buy the stock of the
Panama Canal Company and finish the work begun
there by De Lesseps.
Over and over again it has been shown that a ma
jority of the members of both houses of Congress are
ostensibly in favor of the Nicaragua canal, but with
an equal frequency it has been disclosed that a ma
jority of the members cannot agree upon the terms
on which it is to be carried out. Senator Morgan
therefore will have few people to accept readily his
belief that a bill providing for the construction of the
work can be passed in the Senate at this session. It
is none the less gratifying, however, to find the cham
pions of the enterprise so sanguine and hopeful. If
the Senator will act on his belief and bring a canal bill
to the front at once he will find abundant support
from the people to help him push it through.
COLONEL BRYAN'S LEADERSHIP.
r^ OLONEL BRYAN, who has recently clothed
I his neck with thunder and girt his belly with a
red sash, as colonel of a Nebraska regiment,
finds time to lay his volume of tactics aside and pause
in the study of regimental drill long enough to dictate
the execution of personal spite on Mr. Harrity of
Pennsylvania.
Let it not be supposed that Colonel Bryan's regi
ment will mark time while its distinguished comman
der takes this excursion into civil affairs. The Gov
ernor of Nebraska, though a Populist, has a head that
is periodically level. He did not propose to trust a
thousand of the flower of Nebraska's younger male
population, to the command of Colonel Bryan as a
soldier. He might do as a company officer to put the
raw recruits through their "hay-foot, straw-foot" no
vitiate as sons of Mars, but his appointment was not
for any further military purpose. It was a political
move. Colonel Bryan found himself forgotten. He
had ceased to be an object of interest. War wipes out
personalities with a rough besom and burns powder
where reputations go into the ground so that they
don't sprout again. The only way to keep in sight
was to get a commission. A real, burning patriotism
would have dictated to Mr. Bryan enlistment in the
ranks. He is of military age and has no business nor
profession to abandon. But fancy him, under a burn
ing tropical sun and the command of a gold bug cap
tain, marching while his superior reiterated:
"Left; left; left; left;
Left a good home in the West;
Left; left; left; left;
Left his cross and his crown;
And then he left town;
Left; left; left; left!"
He must be a titular commander, if anything, and not
a mere speck in the blue sky of privates.
So Governor Holcomb made him a colonel, but put
the regiment in the experienced hands of Colonel
Vifquain as lieutenant-colonel, who was sent as Con
sul-General to Central America by Mr. Cleveland,
and is a trained French soldier.
It is this fortunate forethought of the Governor that
gives Colonel Bryan leisure to persuade the Demo
cratic National Committee to make another blunder
and set up the insufferable practice that that body can
deprive a State of its member of the committee and
itself fill the vacancy so created. A few years ago
such a thing would have caused a revolt in the party
in every State in the Union, but under the leadership
of Colonel Bryan the organization has learned to de
prive States not only of their committeemen but of
their delegations in national conventions, and call it
"regular," for "regularity" is the only rag and tatter
of authority left to the party since Colonel Bryan has
been in the saddle. - .
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
Last week I presented a bit of verse
from Ouida, -with such comment as
seemed appropriate. This week I take
pleasure in drawing upon another font
of poesy, but every reader must sup
ply the comment for himself or her
self. If space permitted I would give
the whole thing, for there runs through
it a beauteous continuity of thought.
The poem appeared In a recent num
ber of the Eskual Herria, a publica
tion to the title of which is added the
following qualification: "Berriketari
Eskualduna argitaratzen dena Califor
nia-n aste guziez." Realizing this,
there can be no misunderstanding. Here
is the verse:
Pilotari handiak zn'n dlren Ikhusgarri
Trinket eder batean direnean bar]
Munduko hoberenak Ikhusiko sarri
Ai, ai. ai, muthila, Ikhusiko sarri.
Anybody may obtain the rest of the
verses by sending for them. For such
as may be of a musical turn and in
clined to warble information is append
ed that they can be sung with pleasing
effect to the air, "Ai, Ai, Ai Muthila,
Chapela Gorria."
• • •
It had been in mind as a duty un
mixed with pain to this week penetrate
the hide of the only writer in America
who has had the effrontery to assail
and insult the women of the Red Cross.
The task has been taken from me. One
of the women neatly stripped the hide
from the wearer to whom it had so long
been an armor, and hung it over the
fence as a warning to the impertinent
and pachydermatous. Pity often checks
an impulse to correct the thin skinned,
and the heart is robbed of all hostile
intent by the spectacle of a palpitant
carcass devoid of any skin at all.
Now that Frank Eelew has been
hanged it may be said of him that for
a poisoner he possessed some surpris
ing elements of character. He told me
at the time of the arrest that the man
who had committed the deed deserved
to be executed for it. He said also
that he believed in hell and wanted the
assassin to go there with all reasona
ble speed. Then he confessed that he
was the assassin, kicked aside every
obstacle between himself and the gal
lows, and for what may be beyond the
fall of the trap took his chances with
out any maudlin moan. But while
the man merited the extreme punish
ment I fail to summon up any sense
of admiration for friends of the victims
who stood about and gloated. They
should have had the decency to stay
away and do their joying in private.
I fancy the man who, as the rope be
came taut, exclaimed, "This is too good
to be true," lacks much which goes to
make up a model disposition.
Several weeks ago remark was made
in this column that an American citi
zen, Spanish by birth, had by reason of
his nativity lost his engagement to tour
with a distinguished fiddler, the fid
dler being foreign both by birth and
desire. In the place of the Spaniard a
Frenchman was secured, and the same
public that had scorned his predecessor
extended to him' glad hands with coins
in them. Now the Frenchman an
nounces that he is going home to join
the army, this being the French
method of working out the polltax. He
has a right to do this, of course, but I
like better the Spaniard who comes to
this country by choice and elects to re
main, than the Belgian fiddler or the
French pianist whose only object while
here is to get all the American money
possible and go abroad to stay until
necessity arises for making a new haul.
It Is gratifying to note that Life is
mending its ways. It now has the
grace to try to hide the disapproval it
entertains toward the Government for
making war on Spain while there was
possibility of backing down, with no
worse result than lasting dishonor.
Friends of the lale Thirteenth Regi
ment of New York assert that the or
ganization was disbanded for having
misunderstood an order. Out here an
opinion had existed that the Governor
dismissed it in disgrace because It de
liberately set itself up as above both
the State and Federal powers, and de
clined to go to war unless it could go
in its own way. The Thirteenth had
good clothes, but even a circumstance
so fortuitous did not seem to the au
thorities to raise It to a level superior
to the volunteers. Of course the Thir
teenth could not understand this.
The editor of the Western Watchman
is a candidate for sympathy. It would
seem from his extended and pathetic
lament that a conscienceless pair of de
signing villains had beaten him out of
$6. To the consequent burden of woe
weight is added by the disinclination of
journalistic neighbors to weep with
him. Some of them, I regret to say,
far from being impressed by the loss,
are inclined to jest unfeelingly. Six
dollars, all in one lump, seems to me a
serious matter. Out upon the heart
lessness of the ribald, decrying the sor
row of the stricken. I weep with him
and shall not charge him a cent.
Judge Wallace has sent some more
robbers to the penitentiary for life.
Possibly there will be some to find
fault with this, but it must be displeas-
ing to the robbers, a circumstance suf
ficient to commend it to all who are
engaged in other lines of industry. A
few years ago the footpad business was
nourishing here. Judge Wallace began
to impose sentences of twenty or forty
years, or life. Immediately the busi
ness languished. Now a case of rob
bery by violence Is rare, and as there
is no evidence that human morals are
improved as a whole, there is no es
caping the conclusion that the firmness
of the Judge in dealing with this class
of offenders is the agency by which re
form has been accomplished.
There reaches me a marked copy of
a small magazine. In it appears no
name of editor, publisher nor other re
sponsible party. Therefore I refrain
from mentioning the publication. If
it Is ashamed of Itself, I respect its
good taste thuswise manifest. It is a
puzzle magazine, the puzzle being for
the reader to detect the purpose of the
perpetrator, and it contains several
bits of well written lunacy. To re
buke, much less to argue with a per
son who says Kipling is a "literary
charlatan" were a waste of time. It
happens, under Providence, that Kip
ling is the best writer of fiction
now alive. He adds to this the
distinction of being the best writer of
poetry. But the condemnation of Kip
ling is only an incident. The marked,
and I therefore take it the Important,
By HENRY JAMES.
portion of the stuff is in relation to a
necessary change of the national col
ors to red, white and green. The wri
ter says this would be a delicate com
pliment to Ireland. With all respect
to that beautiful isle from which na
tives escape as rapidly as they can
acquire the price of passage across, I
do not see that it needs a deiicate
compliment. If there is rampant a
desire to show that the United States
and Ireland are one and indivisible a
few stars and stripes grafted on the
emerald banner of Erin would fulfill
the purpose. We have become so ac
customed to the national colors just
as they are that we really like them,
and do not feel eager to alter them
even for so laudable a purpose as the
paying a compliment, doubtless de
served. But the extraordinary and
unnamed individual proceeds to dem
onstrate tv his evident satisfaction
that the red, white and blue do not
harmonize, that they constitute a bad
color scheme, "jarring: the aesthetic
apprehension." If this is the variety
of apprehension that ails him he would
be wise to make a change. Not being
an expert as to color schemes I con
sulted several artist friends. They
were so enthusiastically unanimous in
calling the unknown an ass that I had
to conclude them right. There are
shades of blue and red that do not
harmonize, but the man who can look
at the flag and not detect harmony is
neither artist nor patriot. When a
flag is new, and the white glaringly
white, there is sometimes a lack of
tone perfection. But when the white
has been slightly yellowed by time
there is no combination of hues more
pleasing. Green is but a tint, a mix
ture. Blue is the pure stuff. It is in
the sky, in the billow, in the starry
flag, and it will remain. My friend of
"aesthetic apprehension" would better
be employed in searching pink pas
tures for a purple Burgess cow than in
telling people with minds and eyes
how to think and see.
* • *
It is not with a thrill of pride one
reads that "six men killed all their
birds." They were men from the
Olympic Gun Club, reckoned good
members of society and not as a rule
thirsting for gore. What did they kill
the birds for? I am unable to state.
It seems to me this sport is cruel and
inexcusable. To loose a scared pigeon
from a box in front of a gun ready for
aiming, to slay the bird, even to break
a wing or a leg, does not seem to me a
brave achievement. I think the birds
have as much right to live as the men
who consider it a delight to kill and
mutilate them. If the making of laws
were left to me, the next individual to
shoot a trapped bird would spend sev
eral subsequent seasons in breaking
rock on the highway. We abhor the
Spanish bull-fight, but to face a bull
in the ring demands courage. The bull
has at least a chance to make things
interesting for the opposition. Occa
sionally one of the torturers is gored to
death, a circumstance whereat all
right-minded people rejoice. But the
pigeon is helpless. The person who
slaughters the innocent flock seems to
me but a larger and worse edition of
the boy who impales a fly on a pin.
Catching flies for this purpose requires
a degree of skill, and the fly at liberty
is a nuisance. So from an ethical
standpoint the bird-killer is an in
stance of degeneration.
Colonel Finig-an of San Rafael has
been, on his wife's complaint, arrested
for perjury. I had expected this for a
long time and hasten to congratulate
the colonel on the inexplicable delay.
His affairs, of course, are none of mine,
but In the capacity of a rank outsider
I have taken the liberty to wonder if
a rich man would be allowed indefi
nitely to swear that he Mas poverty
stricken, everybody knowing that he
was rich and not poverty stricken. I
am not qualified to give advice in these
delicate family matters, but as a busi
ness proposition it would seem reason
able for the colonel to pay the price
like a man, even if this involve the tell
iug of the truth.
• •
An Orinda gentleman, who shows ap
preciation of the truth as set forth
here, writes to know what I meant by
the insinuation that Tom Reed had es
caped the Southern Pacific branding
iron through moving from California.
If I have done Reed an injustice I am
ready to recant. I did not want to say
that Reed had been branded, but to
give him the benefit of the doubt. Ac
cording to my friend there is no doubt.
For a time saloons at Richmond, near
Camp Merritt, sprang up, not like
mushrooms, but like toadstools. There
is something of good about a mush
room. One hall which had been de
voted to religious services was tp.ken
from the regular tenants so that it
might be used as a place for dancing.
Underneath there was to be a grog
gery. lam glad to say the groggery
failed of getting a license. The peo
ple who were expelled naturally felt a
righteous indignation, but I hope not
to the degree that they will be pre
vented from getting another place and
continue to devote themselves to the
upbuilding of the morals of the vicin
ity. "What, with the laxness of mili
tary discipline and of the Supervisors,
there is ample occasion both for po
lice and prayer, and the police do not
seem to be active.
* • •
Chauncpy Depew has been to France
and dined well there. So hospitable
were his entertainers that they went
so far as to listen to his storiea. There
fore has Chauncey conceived the no
tion that an Anglo-American alliance
is out of the question, and that
an alliance with France would
appeal, at once to the sensibilities and
the judgment of Americans. Put, delv
ing into history, he dragged forth and
delightedly exhibited a reason. It
seems that 250 years ago, by ancestral
proxy, Depew came from France under
the name of Depuy. Of course this
constitutes a bond which all must re
cognize. I suspect that the first De
puys to land brought with them the
stock of yarns which Chauncey draws
upon yet. Nothing, save perhaps in
clination, la now wanting to make the
Franco-American union complete.
Chauncey has declared himself the
missing link.
• • •
Last week I had occasion to mention
a college president, and this week a
college professor seems In need of it.
I refer to Charles Eilot Norton of Har
yard, a man of words, but neither phil
osopher nor patriot. I would not con
demn him utterly, because he may not
have been correctly quoted in the Chi
cago paper which gives what purports
to be his language. If Xorton said the
things ascribed to him he deserves to
be hissed from America into perpetual
exile. He is credited with having said
of Americans: "They cannot distin
guish between what is honest and dis
honest," and "I could be proud of my
country if it were not for my country
men," though he had the surprising
grace to attribute the last to Sir Hor
ace Walpole. It is difficult to believe
that Norton said this, because there is
a supposition that he is a person of
brains. The man who adjudges his
fellows to be dishonest is apt himself
to be a knave. Argument with such
a man is useless. He is a creature of
immovable prejudice. Norton may de
spise Americans as he will, and be sure
that the feeling is reciprocated. To
distinguish between that which is hon
est and that which is not is th-^ privi
• y man. Even the thief
■ ; t als, and yet the thief
is n< t i hie char
acter. I!.- has no following save the
police, and if they overtake him he
looks in vain for pympathy. Harvard
is to be congratulated that Norton has
reached the age of retirement, and that
the bad advice he has been giving fell
upon unheeding ears. He regards the
present war as an outgrowth of de
fects in the national character. Yet
Harvard students have been swift to
enlist and thus uphold the reputation
of the university which a few Nortons
would be able to drag in the dust.
It seems that the postoffice facilities
at Tampa were rather scant for the ac
commodation of the residents, and that
when 35.000 soldiers were suddenly add
ed to the population there was a clog
of mail which kept many a sweet
heart's letter for days where it did not
do any particular good. But the Gov
ernment was equal to the emergency.
It added to the local postoffice one clerk
at the salary of $300 per annum. It is
not easy to see how he can earn his
pay. Perhaps in an excess of ambition
to do so he will lick the stamps.
SONG OF THE BAPID FIRES
You may take the thirteen-inchers,
And the eights and six and fours;
You may take the heavy battery.
And the rain of shells it pours;
You may take the grim projectila
And the mighty solid shot,
But we, the rapid-fires,
Are the guns that make things hot.
Oh, it's swift the turrets swing us.
And with steady, ready ken
We reach the decks and sweep them
With their living walls of men!
It's ping, and sping and splutter
And it's beautiful to be
The tenors in the chorus
That is sung across the sea!
Swing your broadsides into action.
Let the forward turrets play.
Hark the thunder of the cannon
As they dance in death's chasse!
Sweep the courses with the squadron.
Let them give and take again.
Send the foe the thunder-challenge —
But it's we that take the men!
Oh, it's terrible to hear us
And it's lively when we ping,
As across the heaving billows
To the foemen's deck we spring.
We are tenors of the chorus,
But on starboard or on lee.
We are heard above the thunder
That is sung across the sea!
We are flame and fire and terror,
We are twenty to their one;
We are up again and at them
Ere they charge the heavy Rim;
And our lips are red with battle.
And our throats are hoarse with smoke,
When we land upon their quarter
And they feel our liphtninj? stroke.
Oh, it's rapid, rapid, rapid,
Jolly rapid-fires are we,
Singing round the ranging turret
And across the surging sea.
W<- are brothers to the heavies
And we strike where they have
missed,
And there's doom upon the quarter
AVhere our twenty bolts have kissed.
Swing the pounders into action,
We shall beat the batteries yet!
From the furnace to the funnel.
Where the naked seamen sweat,
We are heard amid the chorus.
And they know our surging shout,
As we sing across the waters
From our triple steel redoubt.
Oh, it's rip and roar and rumble
When th<* thirteens sink the foe,
And it's death upon the billows
When the solid pounders go;
But it's swift the turrets swing us
And with steady, ready ken
We search the decks and sweep them
With their living walls of men!
—Baltimore News.
CONKLING AND BLAINE.
Postmaster-General Charles Emory
Smith, being interviewed by George Al
fred Townsend, compared Conkllng and
Blame, as he recalled them, as follows:
"Mr. Blame had more tact, more
breadth, more of the character of a public
policy. His ideas were large, his views
decided. He was the more affectionate.
His absorption of knowledge from books
and men and his own philosophy were
constant, and he Imparted his glow to his
friends. He also originated plans in trade
and diplomacy which have not perished
and which affect the present time. But
Mr. Conkling, though narrower, had a
force that was greater when exerted. Ha
was so intense that he swept opposition
away. The quality of dramatic poetry was
then aroused in Conkling; the man and
the action fitted each other as if Shakes
peare was enacting his own verse on the
stage. Those glorious rhapsodies and in
vectives were the delight of Conkling's
friends. He had a fierce, supremacy-like
chieftainship, and yet. if Conkling be
lieved that you meant to be fair and that
you had no sinister intention, and if you
treated him with the respect of an equal,
you could not only differ with him but he
could be persuaded. Blame leaves upon
my mind a sense of gentleness, of con
sideration and of a full mind; Conkling
that of a splendid tempest from the
thunder peals, floods and showers to tha
rainbow. The one was like an essence,
the other a personality. I do not think
Mr. Conkling did justice to his talents in
the way he diverted them to accumulation
of patronage, but the temptation to do
that was inherent in the custody of so
much power." j
. ♦ .
Genuine eyeglasses, specs, ls to 40c. 65 4th.*
. ■» .
Prof. "Windsor, the eminent phrenologist,
will give a free illustrated lecture to-night
at Metropolitan Temple. •
. . ■ — . ♦ .
Treat your Eastern friends to California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb In fire etched boxes.
627 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ■•,'•
The Town Run Loose
Is what the ladles are saying after buying
hats at Mrs. S. R. Hall's millinery sale,
P3B Market street. Ladies keep eye on tha
Sue, $1 90. $2 -'• * 4 50 hats this week. *
When a British regiment left Halifax
recently the American flag was waved
almost everywhere with the Union Jack,
and the bands alternated "The Star Span
gled Banner" with "Rule Britannia."
■ ♦ ■
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this olty July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold. In
cluding bertha, meals and trip through the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and ulner
r.ry to T. K. PTATELER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway, fi3> Market st., S. F.
The Santa fV Route will run second excur
sion to Grand Canyon of the Colorado, Arizona,
on Thursday, June 30. Noted scientists will ao
company the party. A pleasant and profitable
triu. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market at.GOVERNOR BUDD ASKED
FOR ADDITIONAL INFANTRY
A Twelve Company Regi=
merit to Complete the
New Quota.
Seventh California Withdrawn From
Third Manila Expedition and
Regulars Substituted.
An parly morning change in the
designation of troops for the third
Manila expedition completely upset
the calculations of the Seventh Cali
fornia Volunteers. The regiment
■was busy in arranging to go aboard
Bhip, when Major General Merritt,
U. S. A., issued an order to cut out
the Seventh and put in two batalions
of regular infantry — one from the
Eighteenth and the other from the
Twenty-third United States regi
ment. The command of the re-form
ed brigade was assigned to General
Mac Arthur.
The following: order, issued from di
vision headquarters late Friday even-
Ing, was transmitted yesterday morn-
Ing through the Third Brigade head
quarters to the different commanders
■ troops that have lx»en selected to
□ the next expedition to Manila:
The following- designated troops of the
command will be placed In readiness to
embark for the Philippine Islands on
steamers hereinafter named by Thursday
next, the 23cl inst. They are assigned to
transports as follows:
To the steamer Morgan City, all of the
First Maho Volunteers nd the enlisted
men of the First Nebraska awaiting
transportation to that regiment.
To the steamer City of Para, all of the
Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteers, with
the exception of that portion hereinafter
assigned for transportation on the
btcamer Ohio.
Indiana, the Seventh
O, the First Wyom
i j and L of the
ites Artillery, the recruits
th Minnesota, with com
for same.
amer Valencia, all of the First
Dakota Volunteers.
rder had hardly been car
igh camp before there follow
ler that completely upset the
is of the wise ones and
ught ntment to not a few.
states that the next
f expedition will be commanded by Brig
adier General Mac Arthur in the place
of Hrigadier General King, and that
lor.c battalion from the Eighteenth and
Twrnty-third Infantries, along with
the Sfg-nal Corps and the remaining- de
tachment of engineers, will be sent
on the next expedition on the steamer
Indiana, in the place of the Seventh
California Volunteers.
There is one significant paragraph In
the order from Major General Merritt
directing Major General Otis to change
the assignment of troops for the third
expedition to Manila. This paragraph
reads:
"You are also Informed that the num
- • rs r.:ay be reduced should
:-il to ship upon the Indiana
f these headquarters."
Th* foregoing clearly signifies that
"■• rrltt will g on the Indiana
;■> go with the next ex-
Instruction changing the
eta that headquarters of the
Eighteenth and Twenty-third United
9 Infantry Regiments shall go
with the ' This implies that
••1 Valzah of the Eighteenth and
• hine are to go to the
Th» battalion of the Eighteenth
[nfantry to go to Manila
will consist of I>. 11. F and
C. Major Powell will remain as com
maml'T of the battalion left behind.
< '. < ; and L will com
from th> j
ty-third United States Infantry.
Rains as command
ing off]
Thoujrh there are at present only
■• in the camp of
I Corps, a .~'iu : »'l of twenty re
rive on Thursday nexi
from ; from these will be
ota of fifty men
■ ! for by General Merritt's orders.
The I it will be under com
n E. A McKenna, First
Lieutenant W. W. Chance, First Lieu
■ t Perkins i<t.<l three junior lion
's. They will also go aboard the
Ir:d!:-
Lieutenant Ecklep will command the
thirty men assigned from the engineer
ing corpH.
WHY THE BRIGADE
WAS REORGANIZED
Major Ceneral Merritt Wanted
More Regular Troops— The
Column,
Yesterday morning Major General
M^rritt took up for more careful con
pidr-ratton the organization of the next
Philippine expeditionary
-. and camp to the conclusion that
It would b advisable to make some
change in order to send more regular
. troops on the transports.
It has been his policy from the very
■tart to sandwich among the volunteer
as many thoroughly
! and experienced soldiers of the
irmy as possible. He learned
rtudying the assignment of troops
I ■•• rli • third expedition that the pro
: ■ regulars was altogether too
small, and thereupon, in accord with
USly formed plan, he de
termined i" Throw out one regiment of
volunteers to make room for an equal
number of regular army soldiers. Gen
eral Merrttt found it somewhat diffi
cult to decide what reßini'-n t should
*■ : 11 knowing that it would
cause considerable dis;iM><>intment
ig the detained volunteers. He
finally concludi d that Inasi • is Cal
i already had one regiment on
ray to Manila the fairest solution
■if the problem would be to order the
ttb California Regiment to remain
the fourth expedition. Of course
•hie news for a brief jv.'iiod somewhat
cned the ardor of the Seventh
Regiment, which had been wrought up
to a high pitch by the announcement
thai th.'y were to sail next week. How
ever, they will rot have to wait long,
as the fourth expedition will, in all
probability, be on Its way across the
Pacific on or before July 1.
In place of the Seventh California
General Merritt ordered to be substi
tuted one battalion of the Eighteenth
United States Regular Infantry and
one battalion of the Twenty-third
United States Infantry, together with
the headquarters of both regiments and
also the Signal Corps and a detachment
of engineers. Each of these regiments
of regulars has sent one battalion to
Manila, and the third battalions will
go on the fourth expedition, thus com
pleting the shipment of the two organ
izations.
With the exception of the above
THE BAND AND GUARD WERE MOUNTED.
Pretty and Novel Military Ceremony on the Presidio Parade
Ground by the Fourth Cavalry.
Out at the Presidio yesterday morning there was performed a cere
mony unique In the military annals of this post. The ceremony" was mount
ed guard mount, at which the band, details, adjutant and officer of the day were
on horseback, and the effect was as pretty as it was unusual.
Captain Lockett was the old officer of the day and Lieutenant Neall
the new. At 11:30 o'clock the band of the Fourth Cavalry on perfectly
trained horses rode onto the upper parade ground in front of the Presidio
Club and took station on the north end facing west. "Adjutant's call" was
sounded and, to a lively quickstep by the band, the four details from the
Fourth Cavalry trotted onto the parade ground, passing to the rear of the
band and wheeling into line with a dash far different from the foot troops'
manner of procedurei
The sergeant major dressed his detail, the alignment of the horses be
ing wonderfully accurate. The band, which was formed in column of eight
files, was as carefully aligned as the others. While the adjutant made his
inspection of the guard the band played a selection, the horst.-s standing as
immovable as statues. Then came the march in review before the old and
new officers of the. day, the band leading, and though the brass
blared and the drums rolled and thundered, the horses stepped as stead
change the brigade will be composed
Cfl the troops announced in yesterday's
Call, and the commissary officers are
exerting every effort to have them
fully supplied with everything needed
in time for embarkation n*xt Wednes
day.
General Charles S. King had been as
signed to the command of this brigade,
but yesterday General Merritt made a
change by giving the command to Gen
eral Arthur Mac Arthur. This action
Is a merited recognition of General
Mac Arthur's gallant services on the
field of battle during the Civil War, and
is not intended in any way to reflect
upon the character or record of General
King, who did not graduate from the
West Point Military Academy until
after the Civil War, although he saw a
great deal of service on the frontier
in the years following the close of the
rebellion.
Genera] Mac Arthur, who entered the
volunteer service as a first lieutenant
in the Twenty-fourth Wisconsin In
fantry, was brevetted lieutenant colo
nel March 13, 1865, for gallant and meri
torious services in the battles of Perry
ville. Ky., Stone River, Tennessee, Mis
sion Ridge and Dandridge. Ga., and
was brevetted colonel for similar serv
ices in the battle of Frankiin, Term.,
and In the Atlanta campaign. After
the close of the Civil War he was as
signed to duty in the regular army, and
In 1870 was promoted from captain to
major In the Thirteenth Regiment.
Major Long, the depot quartermaster,
Is positive that the transports will b«
in condition for the reception of the
troops on Wednesday, so that the fleet
can sail before the end of the week.
The taking on of coal will be com
pleted to-day. The loading of all the
heavy supplies will immediately follow,
and finally the lighter stuff will be put
on board. The transformation of a
steamer into a troop transport is an
undertaking of considerable magnitude.
It is first thoroughly cleaned from stem
to stern, and is then fumigated and
otherwise disinfected. Bunks are con
structed and lavatories, sinks and other
conveniences are supplied. In the case
of a steamer that has been known to
I carry Chinese all the bunks, bedding
and everything else used by the Celes
tials are thrown out and new articles
substituted. Everything is done to in
■ sure the safety and comfort of the
i soldiers on the voyage of 6500 miles, the
I longest troop transport Journey that
i has ever been undertaken.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE .19, 1898.
As has already been stated the third I
fleet will consist of five steamers. The i
First Idaho Volunteers will sail on the ;
Morgan City; the Thirteenth Minne
sota on the City of Para; the two bat
talions of the Eighteenth and Twenty
third United States Infantry Regiments j
on the Indiana; the First Wyoming j
Volunteers, two batteries, G and L, of j
the Third United States Artillery, and j
some regular army recruits on the i
Ohio, and the First North Dakota Vol
unteers on the Valencia.
The Pacific Mail steamship Newport
has been impressed by Major Long, act
ing under orders from Washington, for
the fourth expedition. The rumor that
the twice-rejected Centennial may yet
be accepted is groundless. The sup
plies that were put on board of this
steamer have been transferred to other
vessels. Every steamer that is char
tered by the Government must pass an
inspection by officials of the Treasury
Department, Navy Department, Medi
cal Board and Quartermaster's Depart
ment, making four examinations in all,
and every one of the strictest character.
The greatest activity prevails in all
departments of army headquarters con
nected with the sailing of the next
flotilla. General Merritt, who hopes to
take his departure for Manila with this
fleet, is closing up his affairs as rapidly
as possible, and all the members of his
staff are doing the same. Yesterday
morning General Merritt was in con
stant communication with the War De
partment and a large amount of im
portant business was quickly trans
acted. He is doing everything in his
power to get the third expedition off
this week, and at the same time issuing
orders for the immediate preparation of
the fourth squadron. General Merritt
is taking a rest to-day at Burlingame.
SOLDIERS FEAR A
SPANISH SPY.
An Agent of Sagrasta Said to Be
Wearing the Blue at Camp
Merritt.
The greatest excitement prevailed in
Camp Merritt late last night over the
report that leaked out to the effect
that one of the most noted and daring
of Spanish spies had been captured In
camp.
It was reported that the man had
enlisted in one of the regular regiments
of infantry.
An investigation of the rumor re
vealed the fact that the spy has not
as yet been apprehended, but It Is
known that the Government has re
cently received reliable information
that leads it to believe that Spain has
informers In Camp Merrltt.
The nature and sources of the Gov
ernmient information are not known to
the officers here, but the War Depart
ment has Issued Ironclad orders to the
commanding oncers to make a close
investigation of every man that enlists.
It can be reliably stated that the
Government fears a certain well
known Spanish informer, whose name
for the present Is withheld.
It is known that the Government has
Information that leads it to believe that
this man is in San Francisco, with the
purpose of enlisting in one of the reg
ular regiments, even if he has not al
ready done so.
The man Is said to have been secret
ly employed by De Lome when he was
in Washington, and it Is said he is the
direct agent of Sagasta.
Christ. an Endeavor.
The work of the Endeavorers at Camp
Morrltt goes on with continued success.
An average of 200 letters a day are written
In each of the several tents scattered over
the camp. A large room adjoining the as
sembly hall at the Christian Endeavor
headquarters has been furnished with
tables for the boyo to write on, and from
early in the morning to late at night these
tables are lined with men busily writing.
A mail carrier calls frequently to collect
the letters. Stamps are on hand at the
headquarters and at the tents of the so
ciety, and every little thing which tends
to the comfort of the boys, such as the
mending of clothing, etc., is done with a
will by the many earnest workers.
A number of men belonging to the
Eighteenth Regiment of regulars have
made an urgent request that a society be
organized in their regiment, and this
morning at 9 o'clock one will be formed.
THE PRESIDIO CAMP.
The Third Artillery Manila Bat
talion Will Be Recruited to
Its Limit by Saturday.
First Lieutenant W. E. Haan of the
Third United States Artillery, has been
relieved from duty as adjutant, ord
nance officer and signal officer in order
to enable him to accompany his bat
tery on the expedition that sails for
Manila this week.
Second Lieutenant Percy M. Kessler
has been appointed to perform the du
ties from which Lieutenant Haan has
been relieved.
Fifty recruits for the Manila bat
talion of the Third Artillery are en
route from Chicago. It is expected
that the battalion will be filled to the
maximum of 800 men by next Satur
day. Major Hess is in command of this
battalion, and also of the two bat
teries of the California Heavy Artil
lery.
Troop G of the Fourth Cavalry arriv-
lly as though they were trying to keep time to the music, and performed
their evolutions, wheeling and counter marching without a touch on the bri
dles. Again, when the guard marched off the parade ground, the band
marched while playing and the animals seemed actually to enjoy the music
as much as the larpe crowd of spectators who witnessed the performance.
This is the first time th<> ceremony has been performed at. the post. The
Fourth Cavalry band only arrived from the north about two weeks ago, and
the horses of the band have not been used for some time, consequently they
were rather green— at least Colonel Monris said they were— but to the civil
ian they seemed to be as perfectly trained as though they had not missed a
daily parade for months. The Fourth Cavalry is one of the four regiments
in the service having a mounted band. All the other cavalry regiments
have long ago abandoned this pretty feature, their musicians marching on
foot, while only the drum and bugle corps are mounted. With the exception
of the cornets, all the brass instruments of the bandsmen encircle the shoul
ders, enabling them to hold them pteadlly and firmly when walking, trot
ting, or even galloping.
Yesterday's ceremony was so successful that Colonel Morris promises to
repeat it at an early date.
Ed at the Presidio yesterday morning '
from Walla Walla, in command of
First Lieutenant R. A. Brown. Major
Rucker of this regiment also arrived
from Walla Walla in company with
Second Lieutenant James S. Parker of
Troop G, who has been on recruiting
service at Seattle.
Lieutenant Kerr of the Engineer
corps, who has been on duty at Wil
letts Point, New York, was among
yesterday's arrivals at the Presidio.
A TRIBUTE TO DEWEY.
The Hero of Manila Is Elected
an Honorary Member of the
Mexican War Veterans.
At a meeting of the Association of Mex
ican War Veterans, Admiral Dewey was
elected an honorary member by unani
mous vote, and the certificate of member
ship, which is very attractively gotten up,
will be Bent to the hero of Manila, to
gether with a very laudatory set of reso
lutions, prepared by the committee, con
sisting of Colonel A. Andrews, Sidney J.
Loup, and W. I>. Duncan.
The resolutions thank Admiral Dewey
for his services in annihilating the Span
ish fleet, and thus protecting the Pacific
("oast and its commerce, and set forth
that his tactics, seamanship, gunnery and
courage make up the standard by which
future commanders at sea must be meas
ured. The admiral is also cordially Invit
ed to visit the Mexican War Veterans, to
partake of their hospitality and receive
their thanks in person for his brilliant
and valuable services.
COAST PATROL DUTY.
United States Steamer Corwin
Will Sail for San Diego
To-Day.
The United States steamer Corwin,
auxiliary naval vessel, sails to-day from
the Union Iron Works on a cruise to
patrol the southern coast of California.
It is the intention to have the Corwin
stationed near the Mexican border, with
headquarters for coal and supplies at San
Diego. The harbor of San Diego i.s
mined, and many torpedoes have been
sunk in the main ship channel, and one
of the duties of the Corwin will no doubt
be to protect the mines and also vessels
in arriving and departing from that port.
Vessels will not be permitted to enter or
leave the harbor between the hours of
8 p. m. and 4 a, m., and none but light
draft vessels will be allowed to approach
Ballast Point. All vessels drawing over
three feet of water will not be allowed
to approach or anchor within three miles
of the point. Any vessel found violating
the rules will be fired upon by the Cor
win and the batteries on shore, at the
same time running a great risk of being
blown out of the water by a torpedo or
submarine mine. Due caution must,
therefore, be observed by the masters of
all craTt in navigating the waters of the
bay.
The officers of the Corwin are as fol
lows: Captain William J. Herring, com
manding; First Lieutenant P. W. Thomp
son, Second Lieutenant P. H. Überroth.
navigator; Second Lieutenant F. C. Bll
lard, ordnance officer; Chief Engineer
Charles F. Nash, Second Assistant Engi
neer S. M. Rock. Lieutenant B. M. Cam
den and Second Assistant Engineer F.
Bryan of the Bear Arctic relief expedi
tion will join the Corwin upon their ar
rival from Dutch Harbor.
MONTANANS BANQUETED.
Feasted on California Viands
and Expressed Loyal
Sentiments.
T. L. Clancy, of 137 Ninth street, gave
an enjoyable banquet on Friday evening
last, to a number of his military friends,
the guests of honor being a number of
Montana volunteers. The menu was
elaborate and the reunion was most hap
py. The host himself led off by a face
tious talk of pleasant recollections In
camp, winding up with a strong protest
against a possible Anglo-Saxon alliance.
Captain Hallahan, Lieutenant Kennedy,
Lieutenant Sullivan. Lieutenant McGrath
and Sergeant Smith of the Montana boys
were very clover in their forensic efforts,
paying especial attention to the beauty of
our Western climate and the loveliness of
the feminine population of this coastwise
metropolis.
Dr. J. F. Douglass acted as toastmaster,
and managed affaire in his usual artistic
manner, so that all that was good In the
company was brought out either In song
or story. Lieutenant Kennedy struck a
particularly happy vein in responding to
the toast of "The Volunteers of the Amer
ican Army."
"We come," he said, "from what you
good people of this big city may term
the wilds of Montana. Let It go at that;
but you see that we have bright with
us our youth and the flower of our man
hood, which we now loyally lay upon the
altar of our country. In the sisterhood
of States we will see to It that the Mon
tana boys will strive to keep abreast of
others In the thickest of the fray."
Thomas Naylor. the entertainer of the
evening, saw to it that there was no lag
ging in the general merriment from start
to llnlsh.
The following were present at the fes
tive board:
Daniel Powers, J. P. Henry. J. F. Re
nault, J. J. Moran, Maurice Leahy, Wil
liam C/Shaughnessey. Charles O'Phaugh
nessey, Daniel Brady. Edmond Perrln. J.
Dipce'r, Thomas C. Naylor, John Hogan,
Bartley Lee, John KcKadden, Dr. Douglas*,
Thomas Desmond, John Miirphv. James
Oonniffe. Captains Halahan and M. Casey.
Lieutenants Kennedy, Sullivan and Mc-
Grath. Sergeants Smith and Bartley
Clancy.
THE FIFTH CALIFORNIA.
An Efficient Regiment Ready
for Active Service
Editor Call: As a member of Company
A, Fifth Infantry, N. G. C, and one who
signed the emergency roll of the above
organization to volunteer in the event of
the Fifth Regiment, National Guard of
California, being mustered into the ser
vice of the United States Government, I
would like to ask your valuable paper.
Why Is it that the national Government
cannot be urged to accept the services
of the Fifth Instead of transporting large
bodies of troops from outside States to
be concentrated here who are not uni
formed, accoutered or equipped, at enor
mous expense to the national Govern
ment? The Fifth Regiment, N. G. C, now
consists of eight companies, fully equip
ped, that have constituted the regimental
organization since its organization under
its first colonel and commander. Colonel
Horace D. Ranlett. The companies have
been recruited to their full war strength
in accordance with the volunteer or
ganization bill and four other companies
have been organized and mustered in or
have applied to be mustered Into the reg
MORE TROOPS FROM CALIFORNIA.
Another Regiment From This State to Enter the
Service ol Uncle Sam-A Chance for the
Second and Fifth Guardsmen.
Yesterday Governor Budd received notice by wire from the Secre
tary of War that another twelve company regiment of infantry would
be accepted from California. The official message was received at Sac
ramento and reads as follows:
WASHINGTON, June IS.
Governor of California, Sacramento,
Cal. : Under the President's second call of
May 25, 1898, after filling to the maximum
the organizations already in the United
States service from your State, you are
requested to furnish one regiment of in
fantry, consisting of one colonel, one
lieutenant-colonel, two majors, one ad
jutant (extra lieutenant), one quarter
master (extra lieutenant), one surgeon,
two assistant surgeons (first lieutenant),
one chaplain, one sergeant major, one
quartermaster sergeant, one chief musi
cian, two principal musicians, three hos
pital stewards, and twelve companies,
each to consist of one captain, one first
lieutenant, one second lieutenant, one
first sergeant, one quartermaster ser
geant, four sergeants, twelve "corporals,
two musicians, one artificer, one wagoner
and eighty-four privates, maximum, and
seventy-eight, minimum.
The muster-in officer. Captain C. H.
Murray, Fourth United States Cavalry,
San Francisco, Cal., has been directed to
Governor Budd, who was in Stockton
last evening, was interviewed by The
Call in reference to the designation of
National Guard organizations to com
prise the new regiment of volunteers.
The Governef remarked:
"I do not think that it is possible
under existing conditions to accept one
regimental organization of the National
Guard to form this new volunteer regi
ment. It is my impression now that
companies may be taken from the Sec
ond and Fifth Regiments of the guard.
It may be deemed best to go outside of
the National Guard for two or three
companies. That is a question, how
ever, for future determination.
"General Merriam, Adjutant Gen
eral Barrett, Captain Oarrington and
Colonel Park Henshaw have been work
ing hard with me to secure the accept
ance of this regiment. The State' may
completely outfit and equip the troops
before turning them over to the Gov
ernment."
When the Governor was asked how
lment, making it a full regiment of three
battalions, full war strength. I think the
newspapers of San Francisco and Oak
land should take the matter in hand and
urge upon the proper authorities to mus
ter in the Fifth, one of the oldest regi
ments in the National Guard of this
State, a regiment that never since its or
ganization has had to go through the pro
cess of reorganization or consolidation as
city regiments have done. The different
campanies of this command have a large
number of ex-members and others who
have signed the volunteer (the writer of
this communication among them) or
emergency roll or re-enlisted to go with
the Fifth Regiment on account of their
old fraternal feeling for their old regi
ment and also a desire to be among their
old friends and comrades in preference
to other commands. We ask your valua
ble paper to aid and assist us in seeing
active service. Why should the national
Government be put "to the large cost and
expense of transporting regiments of to
tally unequipped and unaccoutered vol
unteers to San Francisco when California
has one regiment near San Francisco
whose officers and men are ready to go
only waiting the call. The Fifth have the
men and eight companies as well equipped
as any of the volunteers that have ar
rived from other States, and the Fifth is
as well drilled as any regiment that has
seen State service. Let the "Dandy
Fifth" have a show. "Washington volun
teers have already been detached to do
garrison duty here. If they do not want
to send us to the Philippines let us garri
son California with California troops.
L. 1 .. A.
KANSANS ARE HAPPY.
Colonel Funston Arrives and
Takes Command of the
Regiment.
Colonel Frederick K. Funston, of the
Twentieth Kansas Regiment, arrived yes
terday and took command of that body
of troops, relieving- Lieutenant Colonel
Little. Colonel Funston is small of stat
ure, of swarthy complexion and wears a
closely cropped Vandyke beard and a
small mustache. Hfs features are clear
cut and his eyes as keen as those of an
eagle. He is 33 years of age, was born
in Ohio, but of recent years has lived ai
lola, Kansas. ■
Over two years ago he entered the
Cuban army, with the rank of captain,
and served under Maceo. After the death
of that officer he was major and lieu
tenant colonel under Calixto Garcia. He
has engaged in twenty-four pitched bat
tles In Cuba with the Spaniards and has
been shot through the breast by a bullet
from a Mauser rifle. One of his arms was
also broken by a piece of shell, with which
he was struck during* one of the battles.
As soon as Colonel Funston was mus
tered into the United States service he
was ordered on detached duty with the
Bureau of Information under General
Shafter. then at Tampa, and was later
retained as a special adviser by General
Miles
In speaking of the method of warfare In
Cuba Colonel Funston stated that it was
all more or less of a guerrilla nature, but
in the larger engagements, in which he
participated, an extended order, somewhat
similar to the kind employed by the
United States troops, was used by the
insurgents.
A PATRIOTIC STATE.
Wyoming Readily Respond* to
the Call for Men.
W. A. Richards. Governor of "Wyoming,
received a telegram from his daughter
yesterday that shows how strong the war
spirit is running in his State and how
ready Wyoming is to answer the Presi
dent's call for lighting men. The second
call was received in the State on June 15
and on the 16th the quota had already
been obtained. The first call was an
nounced on the 25th of April, and on the
10th of June the quota for Wyoming was
completely enlisted. .
CAMP MERRITT NOTES
Arrival of Recruits — Field Hos-
pital Equipment.
Eighty additional recruits arrived yes
terday and proceeded to the camp of the
Fifty-first lowjrs.
Private John Grebe, bugler Company
G, Flr.«t North Dakotas, is seriously ill
from spinal meningitis. He has been
taken to the field hospital.
The young men of the North Dakota
branch of the Y. M. C. A. have erected
their new tent on a spot just north of the
North Dakota camp. It Is used as a
confer with your representative concern
ing the details affecting comfort, shelter,
subsistence of organizations and the or
der in which they should be mobilized for
muster. To save expense and for other
reasons that will occur to you it is sug
gested that a preliminary physical exam
ination be made of men before they are
taken from their homes. Blanks have
been mailed to the adjutant general of
your State.
You are requested to constitute a board
of three reputable physicians for the pur
pose only of examining the regimental
medical officers nominated by you, these
physicians to receive $10 per day and
traveling expenses to the place of the
meeting of^the board and return. The
regimental 'medical officers will then be
mustered into the United States service
to assist the mustering officer with the
physical examination of men.
The recruitment for the old companies
will be conducted by the officers now la
the field, and under orders from this of
fice. R. A. ALGER,
Secretary of War.
soon the regiment could be placed in
the field and where the troops would
rendezvous, he replied:
"We can enroll the men within forty
eight hours. San Francisco will be
the place of rendezvous, but some of
the companies or battalions may be
mustered before they are ordered to
San Francisco. The idea of this plan
is to save expense. The change of the
muster-in officer does not signify that
Captain Carrington is to be ordered
away from California. I shall prob
ably see Captain Murray of the Fourth
United States Cavalry next Monday."
There are many good reasons to con
vince one that Captain Carrington will
be commissioned colonel of the new
regiment, and that a commission of
lieutenant colonel will be tendered to
Park Henshaw of Chioo.
The belief is still entertained thatcon
sent may yet be obtained from Wash
ington to add another battalion to the
Sixth Infantry and thus complete iis
regimental organization.
reading and writing room by nearly all
of the boys In camp, and the occasional
meetings are well attended. The tent is
a gift of the regimental chaplain.
Chief Surgeon Lippencot yesterday or
j dered Major Owens, in charge of the
; field hospital, to draw equipment as soon
i as possible for 700 additional men.
The Southern Soldier.
While the reception accorded the Ten
nessee regiment on its arrival last Fri
day was a royal one and in thorough.
keeping with the city's reputation for
hospitality, there is both room and rea
son to still further honor the boys from
the sunny South. Other regiments equal-
ly as brave and equally as loyal have
come and. In some cases gone, carrying
with them the god-speeds of a grateful
! people, but none have come to our golden
shore under such conditions as did those
of the Tennessee contingent. In the cav
j alcade that marched up Market street last
Friday morning, responding to every
greeting with doffed hats and courteou3
bows, the story of a reunited nation was
told. The spectacle of Confederate vet
erans and the sons and grandsons of Con
federate veterans journeying 4000 miles
by land and 6000 more by sea to defend
a flag- against which they fought less
than forty years afro is one that finds no
parallel in the history of warfare. In
view of tho significance of this, both as
a political and historical event, I would
suggest that a public reception be for
mally tendered the boys from Tennessee.
With such n man as Colonel George A*
Knight to deliver the address of wel
come the boya from the South would
long have occasion to remember their
visit to the shores of the Pacific.
C. E. FARXIM, M. D.
Are Photographic Gems.
Hundreds of pedestrians passing Tha
Can business ofrk-e have paused to gaze
upon a series of photographs that grace
its windows and wonder at the clearness
and excellence of the scenes that they
depict. The pictures were made by Hod
son, the well-known photographer, of
sights that have been witnessed dally
since the war began. The photographs
taken of the last expedition are gems of
art and are the first to be printed in this
city. They are enlarged from silver
prints, and are beautiful to look at. Mr.
Hodson's ability in his chosen line is un
questioned, and pictures made by him dur
ing the past two months are greatly in,
demand. •
Good Work of the Truth Society
At a meeting of the executive council
of the Catholic Truth Society, held Fri
day evening, a vote of thanks was ten
dered the lady workers of the society at
the large tent at Camp Merritt, as well
as at the regimental tents throughout the.
camp, in appreciation of the good work
already done by the ladies for the soldiers
in camp. A vote of thanks was likewise
tendered, at the same meeting, to those
who "have kindly contributed money or
supplies to the society in aid of the so
ciety's work in behalf of the soldiers.
War Incidents
An Interesting entertainment will be
given at the big tent of the Catholic
Truth Society on Wednesday evening
next. The programme contains the
names of some of the best local talent,
and the boys In blue and fhelr friends will
enjoy a pleasant evening. The following
artists will appear in solos, recitations
and specialties:
Mips Annie Ronev, Miss May McDonald,
Miss Etta Walsh, Miss Jane Salwano, Dr.
Hugh Lagan, J. C. Flood. F. H. Grifflng,
J. C. O'Donnell, J. S. Daly and D. C.
Sheerin.
Captain J. F. Lucey of the Second Bat
talion of California Volunteer Infantry,
has been appointed special recruiting offi
cer to swear In certain recruits now on
probation with his company at Santa
Cruz.
Owned a Herd of Buffalo.
PIERRE. S. D., June 18.— Fred Dupree,
a prominent character in this part of Da
kota for the past fifty years, and one of
the heaviest caftle and horse owners on
the Sioux range. Is dead. Mr. Dupree was
the owner of one of the few herds of buf
faloes left In the Northwest.
Falls From a Car.
SACRAMENTO, June 18.-W. H. Par
sonu, a railroad brakeman, whose home
was in this city, fell from the top of a
moving freight car at Rocklln, Placer
County, early this morning. His Bkull
was fractured and he died two hour* later.
78
TILLO TAKES
THE SUBURBAN
Ornament Finishes in
the Ruck.
LONG DELAY AT THE POST
FAVORITE BADLY RIDDEF" BY
SLOAN.
fifteen to One the Odds on the \7in
ner, on Which Lonnie Clay
ton Has the
Mount.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June IS.— Tillo first and
the great Ornament nowhere was the
record of the Suburban of 1898. The
favorite was badly beaten, chiefly be
cause the horses were kept a full hour
at the post.
When the bugle called the contenders
to the post there was but little unoc
cupied space in the grand stand, on the '
roof or on the lawn. It was almost
4:30 o clock when the eleven candidates
were in the hands of Starter Fitzgerald
and then came a wearisome wait. After
several false starts finally all came
down together and they were off on
their journey exactly one hour after
they had reached the starting point.
Tillo was quicLest on his feet and
for an instant his muzzle showed in
front, but the wily Clayton took him
back to fifth position. Royal Stag came
next, followed v Havoc, Ogden, Don
de Oro, Ornament and the others. They
did not settle down to work until they
had passed the grand stand and had
reached the end of the first quarter, and
it could easily be s^en that the jockeys
all had waiting orders.
As the hoists straightened out on the
backstretch Doggett sent Royal Stag
up a little nearer Ogden, and Peep o*
Day and Imp moved up, too, so that
as they passed the half mile pole in
that order they were heads apart. Tillo
was sail in fifth place, attended by
Don de Oro, Havoc and Ornament, but
the latter seemed to be overpowered by
tho weight he was carrying. Ben Hol
laday, too, was in the rear, while the
rest had long been hanging out signals
of distress. The sole exception was
per Ego, who was going well in the
rear, but seemed to be pocketed.
Aa they neared the three-quarter pole
Hamilton urged Ogden, and as they
flashed past the mark he was a
length to the good. Imp shoved her
head in front i t Royal Stag, while
Clayton moved Tillo into fourth place.
Ornament was actually in last place
and Sloan was driving for all he was
worth. It was only a short distance
fa ime and th jre seemed to be no chance
for him to win. Foot by foot Orna
ment cut down the lead of the others,
when he h.i-i worked his way up to
> ighth place Sloan evidently saw it
was useless and gave up a very badly
ri<Men race.
It was but a short drive around the
turn, and then their n >sps were in the
Stretch, with ogden a length in front.
Clayton, on Tillo, had moved up into
second place, crowding past Imp, who
was about ready to stop. As they
it for home, little Maher,
on Semper Ego, began to thread his way
through the maze of flying hoofs and
almost before the others knew it he
was overhauling them rapidly. There
was but a furlong to pro and Ogden b< -
pan to waver. In a few strides Tillo
had the front rank and it could be soon
that it was ail over. He passed the
wire half a length in front of Semper
F.e-o. who had Bnatched the Becond
place from Ogden in the lnst few
rtri'lfp, througl '. riding of Mn
h'T. Don de Oro was a bn<l fourth and
the others were beaten off. Results:
First race, five furlongs. Harry Reed
won, Isador second Momentum third.
Time, 1:"2.
Second race, one mile. RlnaMo won.
Nosey second. General Maceo third. Time,
IM 2-6.
Third race, first part, double event.
Futurity course, Kin? Pon won. Arma
ment second. Miller third. Time
Fourth race, th" Suburban. $lo.noo. a
handicap for three-year-olds and upward,
winner to receive $7000, second horse 12000,
and third horse SIOOO. one and a quarter
mile*— Tillo, 119 (Clayton), 15 to 1 and 6 to
3. won by half a lengrth; Semper Earn, iofi
(Maher), 80 to l and in to i, second by a
head; Oeden, LO9 (Hamilton), 7 to 1 and 5
to 2. third. Time. 2:08 1-5. Don de Or<\
Pen Holloday, Imp. Peep o' Day. Orna
ment. Tragedian, Havoc and Royal Stag
also ran.
Fifth rare, four and a half turlonps,
ITnlf Time won. Satirist second. Tendency
third. Time,, :r,7',.
Mxth rare, selling, steeplechase, about
two miles. Trillion won. Royal Scarlet sec
ond. Sir Lawrence third. Time, 4:20.
PiNK COAT wTNS
ST. LOUIS DERBY
Twenty Thousand Spectators See ;
Martin's Mount Defeat the
Mighty- Plaudit.
ST. LOUIS, June IS.— The rich St. Louis j
Derby -was run at the fair grounds this
Bfternoon and 20,000 enthusiastic specta
tors saw Bink Coat, ridden by Jockey W.
Martin, win by a length in 2:37. The
weather was perfect, but the track ■was a
trifle slow. Plaudit ran second and Ban
nockburn third. Five good ones faced the
gate.
Plaudit, with Littlefield up, was at 6 to
5 and even money, while Pink Coat
opened at 2 to 1; Bannockburn was next j
in favor. To the second break and a good
start Bannockburn was the first to show,
and set the pace. He led Into the stretch, :
closely followed by Pink Coat, where the
latter drew away from the others and j
won by a length from Plaudit. Plaudit j
defeated Bannockburn . handily for the i
place and Jackanapes ran a creditable
race.
First race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
celling:. Anger won. Serf second, Tago third. j
Time, 2:05%.
Second race, one mile. Gold Band won. Night
gown second. Zarlna third. Time, I:43>£.
Third race, one and three-sixteenth miles,
Weenatchie won, Maddalo second, Bob 1111
lican third. Time, 2:04.
Fourth race, handicap, mile and seventy
yards. Cavalry won. Fervor second. Parole
dOr third. Time. l:4O4.
Fifth race, St. Louis Derby, value $12,000. for
three-year-olds, one and a half miles. Pink
Coat, 107 (W. Martin), 11 to 5 and 7 to 10 won,
by two lengths: Plaudit, 127 (LlttlelleM) even
and 2 to 5 second; Bannockburn, 107 (Thorpe),
7 to 2, third. Time, 2:37. Jackanapes and Equi
tome also ran.
Sixth rare. one mile. Ed Farrell won. Liba
tion second, Tom Kindle-" third. Time. 1:43 H.
Seventh race, one mile, selling. Guide Rock
yon. Laureate second, Domsle third. Time,
1:42%.
CINCINNATI. June IS.— The Cincinnati
Hotel handicap furnished quite a surprise
for the talent at Latonla to-day. Doncel
la, an added starter, won the big event in
record time. Weather fine: track fast.
First race, seven furlongs, selling. Jolly Son
won, Marlll second, Shink third. Time, 1:28%.
Second race, five furlongs, Frank Bell won.
Hardy Pardee second. Jolly Roger third. Time,
1:02.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards. sell-
Ing, Azucena won. Banished second, Imp. Ed
die Burke third. Time, 1:44%.
Fourth race, the Cincinnati Hotel, handicap,
one mile and a sixteenth. I>oncel!a won. Ron
nante second, Naunett third. Time, 1:46%.
Fifth race, six furlongs, handicap— Gld Law
won, High Jinks second, Martha II third.
Time, 1:16. •
Sixth race, MV.en furlongs, selling— Krlas
Kringie won, Panchlta II second. Hilda third.
Time. l:St(.
CHICAGO, June 18.— First race, six furlongs
■ Tenola won. The Tory second, Lady Juliet
third. Time. 1:15U-
Becond race, seven-sixteenths of a mile —
n won, Golden C second, Greenwich third.
Time, :44.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards—
Kathanson won. Dorothy 111 second. Jack o'
Hearts third. Time. 1:48%.
Fourth rare, six furlonjrs— Richard J won,
Hugh Penny second, Belllcoso third. Time,
1:14%.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth — Warrenton
won, Midian second, Pinpree third. Time, 1:57.
Sixth race, Ff-ven-sixteenths of a mile — Jinks
won. Batten second. Gub G third. Time, :43'i-
Seventh race, six furlongs— Cherry Flame
won. Haphazard second, Lone Princess third.
Time, 1:15%.
PKTROIT. June IS.— First race, four furlongs
— Nimrod won, Toklo second, Never third.
Time, l:lsVi.
Second race, four furlongs— Nemira won.
Oak Maid second. Miss Meade third. Time,
Third race, mile and an eighth— Helen H II
won, Oracle C second, Barney Adler third.
Time, 1:58.
Fourth race, the Banner Stakes, for two
year-olds, value JIQOO, five furlongs— Espionage
« IX, M.^Carren second. Pell Mell II third.
Time, 1:02%.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth, selling— Don
Clarencin won. Rifle second. Pop Dixon third.
Time. 1:55.
Sixth race, six furlongs. Lennep won, Horace
second, Brighton third. Time, 1:13%.
DENVER, Jure 18— First race, pacing, Miss
Logan won In three straicht heats. Time,
2 1T ! 4—212\4—2:17.4 — 212\4— 2:17. Urba took second money,
and Rewara S third. Monte Clalr, Annett, You
Bet. She Can. Miracle, Blast and Prosper also
started.
Second race, seven furlongs, Sallle Lamar
wen I»rena II second, Uncle Dan Jr. third.
Time. I:3o'*.
Third race, four and a half furlongs. Jim
Oor<? won. Rattler second, Omah Wood third.
Time. :55.
Fourth race, one mile. Pat Morrlsey won,
Charlotte M second, Lucky Star third. Time,
1:42%,
Fifth race, four and half furlongs, Lady Clif
ton won, July Jip second, Faucher third. Time,
•M.
Sixth race, five and half furlongs. Torsion
won. Oscarona second. Rose dOr third. Time,
1 :09.
CINCINNATI BEATEN
BY CHICAGO'S ORPHANS
Boston Wins From Wasnington and
Cleveland Falls to the
Pirates.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Club— W. L. Pet. | CTub- W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..34 16 .6sn New Y0rk. ...26 24 .520
: 33 IS .647 Philadelphia 20 27 .426
Cleveland ...30 19 .fil 2 Brooklyn 20 28 .417
Baltimore ...L'S 20 .683 Washington .19 32 .373
Chicago 2S 23 .M 9 St. Louis IS 31 .369
Pittsburg ....27 23 .640:Louisvlll» ...15 37 .289
PHILADELPHIA, June 18.— The Phil
lies defeated New- York by better hitting,
the fielding on both sides being excep
tionally good.
The Philadelphia club to-day released
Manager Stallings. The reason given by
the club is that the team has not been
successful under his management. Wil
liam J. Shettsline, secretary of the club,
will have charge of the team at present.
Attendance, 3599. Score:
Club— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 6 10 2
New York 5 7 5
Batteries— Wheeler and MrFarland; Doheny.
Gettlg and Warner. Umpires — Cushman and
Heydler.
NEW YORK, June IS.— Brooklyn and
Baltimore played two games to-day and
th<; results proved to be an even break.
Lachanee lost the first game. The second
game the home team won through heavy
hitting. Attendance, 5200. Score;
Club— R. H. E.
n 5 S 4
Baltimore 7 12 5
I'.attcries— Yeager and Ryan; McJames and
Robinson. Urr.pi res— McDonald and O'Day.
Score, second game:
Club— R- H. E.
Brooklyn 13 19 2
re 8 12 5
Batteries— Hotter and Clarke; Miller and
Grim. Umpires— O'Day and McDonald.
cHTCAGO. June 18.— A little wildnesa,
McPhee' 8 two errors, and four hits gave
thp game to the Orphans. Attendance,
&7'JO. Score :
Club— R. H. E.
Chicago 10 16 3
natl 4 9 3
vies— Thornton and Donahue; Dwyer
and Wood. Umpires — Swartwood and Wood.
BOSTON, June 18.— Washington went to
pieces to-day after the good showing
made in the two previous games, and the
us easily won. Attendance, 4WO.
Score:
Club— R. H. E.
. 12 12 3
Wa^hlr.pton 3 4 7
Batteriep— Lewis and Bergen; Yeager. Sivalm
: i rrell. Umpires— Lynch and Andrewß.
ST. LOUIS. June IS.-^The Browns won
to-day's game by buncTTing their hits in
the fifth inning. Hoy put the three ip°n
out in the eighth. Attendance, 25(K). Scoro:
Clul K. H. E.
St. I,,iu!s 7 13 3
Ille 4 3 2
Kaueries— Sudhoft and Sugden: Ehret and
Snj -\>tr. Umpires — Emslie and Curry.
PITTSBURQ, June 18.— Powell did fair
ly well in the first three innings, but in
the fourth the home team hit him for
seven hits. Attendance, 4300. Score:
riub— R. H. E.
PittEhun? - 10 17 3
Cleveland 4 7 2
Batteries — Tannehlll and Bowerman; Powell,
McAllister and Crlger. Umpires— Snyder and
Uy.
SPOKANE, June 18.— Score:
Club— R. H. E.
Spokane 8 11 3
Tacoma 4 7 7
«
TWO WORLD'S RECORDS
BROKEN AT CHICAGO
New York's Athletes Almost Sweep
the Boards in the Dual
Games at Parkside.
CHICAGO, June IS.— The "Mercury
foot" team of the New York Athletic Club
swept nearly everything: before it in the
dual games with the Chicago Athletic
«'lub at Parkside, by a score of 13 to 4.
Two worid's records were broken and one
was equaled. The feature of the afternoon
was the victory of Lang over Rush and
Maybury in the 220-yard event.
100-yard run— J. H. Rush, C. A. A., won
from J. H. Maybury. C. A. A., by one foot;
M. W. Long, N. V. A. C, third; Wefera. N.
Y. A. C, fourth. Time, :09 4-5, which equals
the world's record. •
Half-mile run— J. G. Cretan. N. T. A. C,
won by one yard from John Bray, N. T. A. C
Time, 2:00 1-5.
Mile run— J. F. Cregan, N. T. A. C, won;
A. Grant, X. T. A. C, second. Time, 4:34 3-5.
Ciapp broke the world's record for the pole
vault, clearing the bur at 11 feet 10H inches.
Mile walls— B. F. Fetter-man, N. Y. A. C.
won; H. W. Ladd, N. Y. A. C, second. Time,
fi:ff, 4-.
Running broad Jump— J. P. Remington. N. Y.
A. C, won, distance 22 feet 5 inches; H. Hol
land, C. A. A., second, distance 22 feet 4>4
Inches.
Mile bicycle race— C. C. Schwartz, N. Y. A.
C, won; Ray Dawson, N. Y. A. C, second.
Time, 2:26 4-5.
120-yard hurdle— A. C. Kranrleln, C. A. A.,
won; O'Day, C. A. A., second. Time, :15 1-5.
Broke world's record.
440-yard run— T. E. Burk, N. Y. A. C, won;
C. K. Lunder, C. A. A., second. Time, 50%.
Pole vault— R. O. Clapp, N. Y. A. C, won,
distance 11 feet; F. Martin, C A. A, second,
dir-tanre 10 feet 9 Inches
2'jj yards— Lon of New York won; J. H.
Hush. '"■hicaKO. second; May Hurry, third.
Running high Jump— l. K. Baxter, New York,
won, C feft l.i inches; Carroll. New York, 6
feet, second; Hamilton H. Holland, Chicago,
third, f> feet.
M'.ie relay— Won by Bark, New York. Time,
B:2S I :
16-pound shot-put— Sheldon, New York, won,
distance 44 feet 07»0 7 » inches; McOraeken, New
Y>>rk. second; Hennemen. Chicago, third.
220-yard hurdle — Kranzleln. Chicago, won;
O'Day. Chicago, second; Rogers, New York,
third. Time, :25 2-5.
Throwing 16-pound hammer— John Flanna
gan. New York, won, distance 14S feet 1%
Inches; McCracken, New York, sscond; Henne
men, third.
FIVE-MILE PURSUIT RACE.
PHILADELPHIA, June 18.— About 5000
people attended the twelfth annual meet
of the South Side Wheelmen to-day at
the Tioga track. Frank Starbuck and
Charle* Church, of Philadelphia, were
matched against Mat Butler and Eddie
MflJuttie of Boston in a five-mile team
pursuit race. The race was close through
out. Church and Starbuck finally crossed
first in 11:32 3-5. After the fourth mile
McDutfle drew away from Butler and the
latter quit the race. Church and Star
buck were then fifty yards ahead. Mc-
Duffle closed about forty-five yards in the
last three laps, but he could not overtake
Church, the latter winning by four yards.
Mile open, professional. Fred Slmms won.
Jay Eaton second, Stoenson third. Time,
2:13 2-5.
Five-mils team pursuit race, purse $400.
Church and Starbuck beat McDuffle and But
ler, lime, 11:32 3-5.
Mile handicap, professional. Charles Had
fleld (3" yards* i won, \Y. A. Lantz (60) second,
Steenson (50) third. Time, 2:16.
Five-mile handicap, professional, J. F. Star
buck (scratch) won, Charles Hadfleld (10 yards)
second, John Zimmerman (300) third. Time,
11:59.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
DAY OF REST
AT THE YARD
No Sunday Labor at
Mare Island.
FIRST LET-UP IN MONTHS
ONLY THE PHILADELPHIA TO
BE GOT BEADY.
Secretary Long Calls a Meeting
of the Board to Select
a Site for the New
Dock.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, June 18.— For the first |
time in many weeks the navy yard at
Mare Island will have a quiet Sunday j
to-morrow. During the great rush in
cident to preparing the Charleston,
Brutus, Monterey. Nero and Monad
nock for sea there has been no differ
ence between days and the busy hum
of industry has not ceased for the Sab
bath. These vessels are now com- |
pleted, however, and the only work on \
hand requiring extra duty is on the '
flagship Philadelphia, The heads of j
departments have decided that it is
best to give the men a good rest, and i
when they stopped work at 5 o'clock j
this afternoon it was until Monday at j
8 o'clock. The men welcome the change !
and will be all the more willing to rush ■
Admiral Miller's flagship to completion
when they resume work on Monday.
The Philadelphia is rapidly nearlng
completion. Her entire main battery,
with the exception of guns on the fore- :
castle and poop, was placed on board
yesterday and to-day, and the missing
guns will be placed in position on Mon
day. The steam launch is on shore and j
will be hoisted into its position on the j
cruiser while she is still in the dock. ;
The painters have covered her hull i
with war color above the water line, :
and are preparing to put on anti-foul- I
ing paint below it. The finishing '
touches are being put on by joiners and
other mechanics, and the vessel will be :
fully ready by the time fixed for put- j
ting her into commission.
The Monadnoc-K. is lying at the quay
Wall under the big shears, and is prac
tically ready for the long trip to Ma- i
nila. Some little tinkering in her en- ,
gine room as an extra precaution
against accident is all that is needed, \
and the vessel could start at any time, j
She must wait, however, until her con- j
sort, the Nero, is loaded at, San Fran-:
cisco. This will require some days yet
and the monitor will go to San Fran
cisco on Monday and wait. The start
will be made at about 4 o'clock in the '
afternoon. Her bunkers are full of coal
and an extra supply in sacks is stored :
in the superstructure around the after
turret. The double bottoms of the ves
sel are filled with fresh water for use
during the trip. The forecastle hatch
has been covered up to protect the '
berth deck from being flooded, and a
ventilator to furnish fresh air between ■
decks has been led through the hatch. '
Two ventilators have been placed on
each turret to admit fresh air to these ;
parts of the ship and everything pos
sible to increase the comfort of the ;
crew has been done.
The men are proud of their vessel. :
which they say is the cleanest and
most convenient in the navy. They
are willing to wagpr they will heat the
Monterey to Manila, basing the opin
ion on the fact that the Monadnook's
machinery is in the very best possible
condition, while the Monterey's has al- i
ways given more or less trouble.
The Secretary of the Navy has or
dered a meeting of the board to select
a site for a new dock at Mare Island,
in accordance with the new naval ap
propriation hill. Roar Admiral Kirk
land is president of the board and the
members are Chief Kngineer Joseph
Trilley, Naval Constructor W. J. Bax
ter, Civil Engineers F. C. Prindle and
R. C. Hollyday. The board will con
vene on Monday.
AN ASSISTANT SURGEON
TO BE COURT-MARTIALED
Charges of Culpable Inefficiency and
Disrespect to a Superior Officer
Are Filed.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— Assistant
Surgeon Daniel 11. Morgan, attached to
the cruiser Cincinnati, "which has just
arrived at Norfolk from a cruise in the
West Indies, has been ordered before
a general court-martial for trial on
charges of culpable inefficiency in the
performance of duty ami disrespectful
language and deportment to his su
perior officer while in the exercise of
his office. The specifications allege
that while the Cincinnati was at Key
West on May 29 Dr. Morgan was or
dered to superintend the transfer ot
some sick members of the crew from
the army hospital to the cruiser, w r ith
a view to their removal to Norfolk. In
the execution of this order the sick
sailors, it is charged, were allowed to
remain on the wharf for about an hour
and a half without attention, exposed
to the direct rays of the sun, to the
great detriment of their health. Dr.
Morgan, it is also alleged, was disre
spectful to Surgeon James C. Byrne,
his immediate superior, when informed
by the latter that his conduct in regard
to the sick soldiers had been reported
to the commanding officer of the ves
sel. The court-martial ' is ordered to
meet at Norfolk on Monday morning.
The detail for the court is as follows:
Captain Silas W. Terry, Lieutenant
Commanders Isaac Hazlett, R. M. C.
Brown and T. H. Stevens, Surgeons H.
E. Ames and G. P. Lumsden, Lieuten
ant W. S. Benson, Passed Assistant En
gineer John T. Smith and Passed As
sistant Surgeon Isaac Kite, with First
Lieutenant J. A. Lejune of the Marine
Corps as judge advocate.
TRANSPORTS FOR THE
THIRD EXPEDITION
Arrangements to Charter the Valen
cia to Go With the Other
Four Steamers.
WASHINGTON. June 18.— Assistant
Secretary Meiklejohn has made ar
rangements for the charter of another
transport for the troops to the Philip
pines. This is the Valencia, belonging
to the Pacific Whaling Company,
which ia now at San Francisco, and
will accommodate 600 men. The other
transports now on the coast ready for
service, viz., the Ohio, Indiana, Mor
gan City and City of Para, swell the
total to five, which will constitute a
part of the third expedition to the
islands.
Transports to Carry Mail.
WASHINGTON, June 18. —It has
been ordered that all naval vessels and
transports proceeding from San Fran
cisco to the Philippines shall carry
mall to the Hawaiian Islands In addi
tion to that of the forces at Manila,
DEBARKATION
OF THE ARMY
Shafter's Men May Have
to Land Under Fire.
CUBANS EXPECTED TO AID
PREPARATIONS MADE TO MEET
ALL CONTINGENCIES.
If the Pontoon Pier Fails to Work,
Provision Is Made for a Land
ing Through the
Surf.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 18.— For the
j moment the landing of General Shaf
i ter's army of Invasion on Cuban soil
is the Bubject of interest in army and
navy circles. Despite conflicting re
ports, it is stated with definiteness by
high officials that the big transport
procession has moved eastward around
Cape Maysi, and not by the western
; route around Point Antonio. The route
| taken is expected to bring the troops
: to the place of debarkation by to-mor
j row unless some unforeseen delay has
j occurred, and the arrival may be be
; fore that.
How the troops will land, whether
j under fire from the Spaniards or unin
terruptedly, is the chief topic of specu
; lation among military men. Some of
j the officers who have just come from
\ Tampa and are familiar with General
: Shafter's plan say that preparations
have been made to meet either contin
gency, a peaceful landing or one under
fire. In case of a landing under fire
; considerable dependence will be placed
: upon Generals Garcia and Rabi.
The specific instructions sent by Gen
: eral Miles to Garcia covered in detail
j the landing of the American forces.
! Garcia was to harrhss and engage the
I Spanish bands and see that re-enforce
j ments were not sent to Santiago and
; the points where the American troops
: will land. Another important point
j in General Miles' orders are to gain
I possession of suitable points around
! the landing on which artillery may be
i placed. The ordnance will be de
| barked soon after the landing, in or
, der to give adequate protection to the
: troops if such necessity should arise.
' The landing proper, it is calculated,
will take at least ten or twelve hours
j after the army encrineers have done
; their work. This work of the engi
neers will come first, and will consist
in putting together an elaborate pon
toon bridge, much more elaborate than
that usually employed for the crossing
of rivers.
Officers who took part in the depar
1 ture of General fthafter's forces say
everything was calculated to facilitate
the embarkation. The arrangement of
divisions and of individual ships in di
vision was made with special refer
: ence to keepng regiments together and
■ getting supplies to them when the land
| ing was made. When part of a regi
; ment is on one ship, the other part will
; follow on the next ship. The supplies,
; pack trains, etc., a!so are as near as
1 possible to the troops requiring them.
The officials have not even omitted to
'■ calculate on n failure to work the pon
| toon pier and they are prepared for a
1 landing through the surf if need be,
[ although this is not anticipated. The
beach is low and sandy, shallow far
out an'] is therefore well calculated for
such a landing.
SPAIN'S FINANCIAL
CONDITION IS SHAKY
Already the Suspension of Specie
Payments Has Practically
Occurred.
LONDON, June 18.— The Statist dis
cusses at length Spain's financial po
sition, saying: "Upon the bank's ability
to finance the Government depends the
continuation and duration of the war.
Practically the Spanish Government is
now reduced to the expedient of using
the printing press to meet its war out
lays, and the longer that printing press
is in operation and the more notes are
issued the greater will be the deprecia
tion in the value of the paper. If the
war lasts much longer we may see the
paper peseta, which is now at a dis
count of »o per cent, depreciate as did
the assiprnat of France at the end of the
last century. Formal suspension of
specie payments cannot long be de
layed. Indeed, the suspension has prac
tically occurred."
The Statist then presents an array of
figures shuwir.g the exact position of
the bank, with a note circulation of
1,318.000.000 j esetas without any coin re
servo available for its redemption, and
further points out that such note circu
lation may be increased to 2,500.000,000.
Finally, the Statist says that in three
years the Spanish and Cuban Govern^
ments have borrowed one billion
pesetas from the Bank of Spain.
SENDING A FLEET TO
SPAIN MIGHT END WAR
This Uncle Sam Does Not Desire
Until Acquiring Porto Rico
and the Philippines.
NEW YORK, June 18.— A special to
the Times from Washington says:
New reports of the approach of Span
ish vessels to the coast of the United
States, and the flutter of concern the
rumors cause, serve to increase the in
terest of the naval wa^ hoard in the
plan of Assistant Secretary Roosevelt,
now for many weeks laid on the shelf,
to make a dash at the Canaries and
the Spanish Coast by way of interest
ing and occupying the Spanish people
with thoir own affairs.
It is believed by those who have
looked at the matter carefully that the
moral effect of such a demonstration
would be to terrify the people who live
on the shore of Spain, and would serve
to bring the Spanish to terms earlier
than if the forces of the United States
were not so employed.
An objection urged In the Navy De
partment against the immediate dis
patch of a fleet to Spain is that, it
would bring the war to a cjose before
the Administration could complete
some of the work it has cut out. It is
desired that the occupation of the
Philippines shall be completed and
Porto Rico gained before Spain sues
for peace.
GOMEZ NOT PROTESTING.
No Such Letter as Ascribed Has Been
Received by the Junta.
NEW YORK, June 18.— Horace W.
Rubens, counsel for the Cuban Junta,
.In an interview to-day characterized
the report that Maximo Gomez was
protesting against the intervention of
the United States as 'buncombe." He
said no such letter as ascribed to Go
mez has been received by the Junta.
SPANIARDS IN
SORE STRAITS
Cut Off From Outer
World at Santiago.
ALL COMMUNICATIONS SEIZED
THESE SHOW THE TROOPS ARE
ON HALF RATIONS.
How Gallant Jackies, Marines and
Cubans Have Cleared the
Way for Shafted s
Troops. y
Bpecia! Dispatch to The Call.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 17
(by the Associated Press dispatch boat
j Wanda, via Kingston, Jamaica, June
I 18).— The week's campaign in Eastern
| Cuba has resulted in the practical
: demolition of the outer fortifications of
; Santiago de Cu:ja in anticipation of the
; arrival of troops, and the occupation
! of the fine harbor of Guantanamo, in
I which to-day are anchored such mag
| nificent ships as the Oregon and St.
I Paul, together with the Marblehead,
Dolphin, Suwanee and ..even other
auxiliary gunboats, colliers and press
dispatch boats, in an average depth of
seventeen fathoms of water. The mil
itary resistance to the definite occupa
| tion has practically ceased since the
: bombardment on Wednesday.
An intercepted official report of the
Spanish military commandant mdi!
! cates that his military resources are
; exhausted. His soldiers are now on
half rations, and there are supplies only
j for the remaindei of June. The com
mandant has already seized ah the pri
vate drug supplies.
The close cordon maintained by the
Cubans about Guantanamo is illus-
I trated by the fact that official Spanish
| communications, se:.t in duplicate by
1 land and water, aye been intercepted
i and the Spanish messengers, in both
' cases, have been shot by the Cubans
while attempting to pass the lines.
For the past three nights there has
been comparative quiet in the camp
which the marines hold on the crest of
the hill near Guantanamo Bay, and
over whi-h the American flag floats.
General Perez, commanding the east
ern division of the insurgent army,
called on Captain McCalla of the Mar-
I blehead yesterday and reported that
he had 3000 men, of whom 1500 would
re-enforce the marines in a few days.
Many bands of insurgents are now
[gathered along the coast westward to
Santiago de Cuba.
The insurgent forces, which have
been armed and equipped by Captain
McCalla, not only prove to be daring
scouts but turn out to be brave fight
ers and good shots with the Lee-Met-
I ford rifles. Our own men are warm in
their praise and look for unexpectedly
strong co-operation on the part of the
Cuban army.
SOME HOT SKIRMISHES
ON THE CUBAN COAST
Lively Brush Near Santiago and
an Encounter With a Spanish
Gunboat.
OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June
17, by the Associated Press dispatch
boat Wanda, via Kingston, June 18.—
A hot brush between some Spanish
troops and a reconnoitering party in
steam cutters occurred at daylight this
morning in a small cove west of Morro
Castle. The Massacl usetts' steam
cutter, in charge of Lieutenant Har
low, entered the cove to take sound
ings and reconnoiter. "When well in
side the inlet a detachment of Spanish
infantry opened fire upon the cutter
from a blockhouse. The fire was vig
orously returned by the marines in the
Massachusetts' boat and also by ma
rines who were in the New York's cut
ter, which was in charge of Naval Ca
det Powell, and had followed in. The
New York's cutter was hit ten times,
and a marine in the cutter of the Mas
sachusetts had the stock of his rifle
shattered, but by great good luck no
one was hit. The Texas opened fire
with her six-pounders on the hillside
and the Vixen steamed right into the
cove and peppered the blockhouse with
her rapid-fire guns.
Eventually the Spaniards retreated
to the woods and the two steam cut
ters withdrew. The Yankee arrived
here yesterday and Captain Brownson
reported that on Monday last, while
off Ci^nfuegos, a Spanish gunboat
came out to meet her, evidently mis
taking her for a merchant vessel. The
Spaniard, however, saw his mistake,
turned tail and opened fire, which was
hotly returned by the Yankee. The
latter chased the gunboat until the
Spaniard took refuge in the harbor,
the forts of which opened fire on the
American vessel.
Thereupon the Yankee engaged the
eastern and western batteries, but,
seeing no chance of catching the gun
boat, finally withdrew. During the
engagement a Spanish shell burst over
the Yankee and a falling fragment
struck a landsman named Kennedy,
formerly an insurance clerk in New
York City, inflicting a severe flesh
wound on his right shoulder. He is
expected to recover. The Spanish
gunboat chased by the Yankee was of
about 500 tons. The naval reserves
who man the Yankee fought well.
OFFICERS ON AN OUTING.
South Dakota Men Entertained in
Marin County.
SAUSALTTO, June 18.— An enjoyable
outing was given ten officers of the
South Dakota volunteers to-day by
President Stetson of the North Pacific
Coast Railway, Superintendent Shoe
maker accompanying the party. The
officers were Colonel Frost, Lieutenant
Colonel Stover, Majors Howard and
Warne, Captains Fuller. Sessions, En
glesby and Medberg, Adjutant Lien
and Chaplain Daly. They proceeded in
a palace car by special train to Point
Reyes and Camp Taylor, and on their
return stayed a short time in San Ra
fael and were driven to various points
of interest, including the Hotel Rafael,
where they were initiated into the de
lights of the paper chase.
Does Not Fear Spanish Ships.
HONOLULU, June 9 (via Victoria, B.
C, June 18). — The American ship A. J.
Fuller, Captain Nichols, sailed for New
York on the 2d. It carries a cargo of
sugar valued at more than $200,000. It
will call at Delaware Breakv ter for
orders. The danger of Spanish cruisers
in the Atlantic daunts nt.ther -aptain
nor owners.
Death of an Octogenarian.
SANTA CRUZ, June IV— manes Newell
died at midnight last night. He was a
native of Maine, 82 years old.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MONDAY, JUNE 20.
SCOTCH MADRAS.
WASH DRESS GOODS.
Plaids, Checks and Roman Stripes,
choice colorings, for Shirt Waists and
Children's Wear, regular value 12^c.
Sale Price
5c per Yard.
Market-street Store Only.
TABLE LINEN-BARGAIN.
. 66 inches wide, Bleached Table Linens,
extra quality, choice designs, regular 85c
grade.
Sale Price
55c per Yard.
Market-street Store Only.
DRESS GOODS.
Black Figured Iron Frame Alpaca, 38
inches wide, regular value 50c.
Sale Price
25c.
Market-street Store Only.
EVENING SHADES
CASHMERE DRESS GOODS.
Colors are blue, pink, maise, red, cream
and yellow, 38 inches wide, regular value
35c.
Sale Price
15c per Yard.
Market-street Store Only.
HOSIERY BARGAIN.
Ladies' Richelieu Ribbed Tan Lisle Hose,
extra quality, white tipped heel and toes,
regular 50c grade.
Sale Price
25c.
Both Stores.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET. 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.^
FRANCHISE FOR
PACIFIC CABLE
Bill Passes the Hawaiian
Legislature.
AWAITS DOLE'S SIGNATURE
COMPANY NOW MTJST LOOK TO
CONGRESS.
Concession Conditioned "Upon Similar
Action by the Law-Makers
of the United
States.
Special Dispat.-h to The Call.
HONOLULU. June 9 (via Victoria, B.
C, June 18).— The cj.ble bill has passed
the third reading in the House and now
requires only the action of -he Presi
dent to make it a law. It grants an ex
clusive franchise between the Ha
waiian Islands and Japan, with the
right to touch at all other islands in
the North Pacific north of the tenth
degree of north latitude.
The franchise is conditioned upon the
company obtaining within eighteen
months a franchise for a cable between
the United States and these islands
from the American Congress, and the
approval of the Secretary of State
within six months thereafter. There
are also conditions as to the time with
in which work must be begun and the
cable completed and in working order,
as well as the maximum rates to be
charged for transmitting messages.
The bill names the Pacific Cable
Company of New York as the corpora
tion to which the franchise is to be
given.
The only amendment in the House
was one requiring the Hawaiian end
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\\\\M^ /// / A SOL DIER
S^^^^Mi£A/ CURED!
- ''. men: Last October, while at Fort
•/[ flja "it W BJI J rTlf ftlHT'^ "^ B!iss. El Paso, Texas, I sent for
\ mSSn 5W m3IwUH ■ m I IHjI«» t— t^— . one °^ your famous "Dr. Pierces
~ ~~l / ' x^^BßwwT'fa3l! | *&SMra^flßl 7 Electric Belts." for Rheumatism,
--. Kr^JPK?s ••'\ 'fi'i ' '\icj?-'*li *^Url^^» r ~~ etc -' an<^ a fter using it only two
"'iß.^wst' ' ' J^HDI months my complaints entirely
rW^^"nf"?ffTKl tm^&Ww&M^^'*''" disappeared and I ha c not been
sVv y n M JW I I BpVwbBMI »^ -~ troubled with any pain or discom-
'"\ SKWJ^MiLfliHwuJMctV^SßKfflf'^^'Jr * rr ' rt smce - I consider your Belt to
sS\i L ' k be the finest body-battery in exlst-
' A /V-^M^^gjft'BtJraiHKSwißKwy/ V-^M^^gjft'BtJraiHKSwiBKwy ■ ence, as the electric current la
A/v ►. .^^^MMwmH ByS-'^AK both powerful and lasting. I pur-
/ HM^^l^^SeSw nNJ chased your No. XXX Belt and
• /^^ N/\\ S?«* lvl v VA C''\ , X months, it is as good as new.
/ \ \ l heartily recommend Dr.
/^4 \sv (^S^rnj^xfy \ v V N." X Pierces Electric Belt to all suffer-
/ \ V^ W a" — T^Ca .V 'VAA x "'•N ers. Yours gratefully,
4 /< V^^-S V V ' \? V V-X JOHN P. ANDERSON,
/rJM V^ '-A \ VVV V NX J^ Co. H, ISth Infy, U. S. Army.
/ I r* \^^^*v. Call at office or write for our
' \ \ \ : ;vV'; free "Book No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market Street (opposite Palace Hotel). San Francisco.
READY=MADE
SILK DRESS SKIRTS.
That are properly made, and hang right
are up to date in all the detail of finish.
MADE OF BLACK BROCADE
GROS GRAIN SILK.
Handsome patterns, usual cost of mak
ing would be :
7 yards silk $1.00 $7 00
6 yards lining, I2^c 75 Calp.
6 yards interlining, 10c 60 oalc
Binding and findings 40
Making 200 PpiCe
$10 75 c -. (-p.
OUR PRICE 7 50 C .OU
;>:.-
Saving of - 33.25
Other grades at $5.00, $6.50,
$8.50, $9.00, $10.00, $12.50
and $15.00.
At Both Stores.
\f
LADIES' NIGHT DRESSES.
Extra Quality Muslin, Handsomely Em»
brordery Trimmed NIGHT GOWNS,
regulai value $1.25.
Sale Price
eoc.
Post-street Store Only.
U.S. FLAGS.
3x6 feet SEWED BUNTING FLAGS, with
canvas heading and brass grommets, so
they can be used on flagstaff with hal-
yards.
Special at
$2.50.
Both Stores.
I
32x46 INCHES
Fast Color Flags, mounted on painted
stick, with gilt spear head.
Length of stick 6 feet.
Special at
sOc.
Both Stores.
of the cable to land on the Hawaiian
Islands and nnt necessarily at Hono
lulu, as provided in the original bill.
POSTAL CARDS YET SOLD.
Cards With, a 1-Cent Stamp Affixed
Can Also Be Used.
WASHINGTON. June IS.— Postmaster-
Genoral Smith has put in operation sev
eral changes in the postal regulations.
It has been stated that the postal card
was to be discontinued, but the regula
tion regarding the new mailing cards re
cently authorized by Congress shows this
to be a mistake. Hereafter, while the
postal, card will continue to be sold, it
will be lawful to use cards with a I
cent stamp affixed for the same purpose.
These cards must be approximately of the
same size, shape and color as the postal
card. When this mailing <?urd is sent
to foreign countries the ordinary letter
postage must be affixed. Another change
in the regulations prohibits the return or
forwarding of second, third and fourth
class matter unless additional postage
has been affixed. When it is obvious,
however, that valuables are contained in
such packages the sender shall be noti
fied, if possible. On second-class matter
1 cent for four ounces must be paid be
fore it will be returned or forwarded.
The sale of Trans-Mississippi Exposi
tion stamps has been begun at the Wash
ington Postofh'ce.
SWALLOWS^AMMONIA.
Alameda Man Makes an Almost Fa-
tal Mistake.
CAMP TAYLOR, June IS.— John Neild.
baggageman^ r at the Banna Tito ferry slip,
drank through mistake a quantity of
ammonia, while riding on President Stet
son's private train. He believed the am
monia to be mineral water, and took one
largo swallow before he perceived his
mistake. An army surgeon, who was on,
the train, procured a quantity of vinegar
and grave it to Neild to drink. Sweet oil
was next swallowed to mollify and sooth©
the inflamed surface, but did not stop the
tissues from swelling. Neild was sent, to
his home in Alameda. On the trip the
sufferer was in the most excruciating
agony, as his tonsils and tongue had
swollen so as to fill his mouth and throai.
He could drink nothing, and wandered up
and down the cars a most pitiable spec
tacle.
No Action as to Fusion.
SACRAMENTO, June 18.— At the county
convention of Populists to-day the follow
ing were elected delegates to the State
convention, which will assemble in this
city on July 12: At large— O. McCoy and
J. E. Camp; district delegates. J. V.
Moynahan, Dr. Henderson, J. H. McKune,
Q. J. Jost, M. Brooke, W. E. Bowles, J.
M. Kindly and W. B. Bradford. The
question of fusion was broached, but met
with no definite treatment.SAN JOSE
WON EASILY
They Simply Played
With Friscos.
DARLIN IS A WONDER
HE PITCHES GREAT BALL AND
CAN BAT.
The San Franciscos Played Their
Usual Poor Game and Did Not
Disappoint the Big
Crowd Present.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Manager McGucken and his band* of
braves, re-enforced by a new left-hand
ed pitcher named Darlin, opened up at
Recreation Park yesterday afternoon
in what was supposed to be B
game. So far as they were concerned
It was baseball, but that other collec
tion of schoolboys, traveling under the
Ban Francisco, gave another
one of their imitations of "how not to
play the national game." Really it
was a terrible game. The 'blue ribbon
boys" never for a second were in the
hunt, and save for a questionable hit
in the seventh inning never would have
scored.
It is the same old story with these
boys every time they play, and surely
it is about tiir.e something were done
whereby they would be compelled to
play ball. Every time they appear on
the field two or three new men are
among them, all playing different posi
tions, and the league board is bound
to have an understanding with the
managers* - regation, for
they are doing more to kill the game
than any other team In the lo;.-
If they played an inferior game oc
casionally, no one could possibly have
a kick coming, but it is the same near
ly every time they play — poor baseball,
the kind that is expected of school
This fellow "Wheeler was sent in to
pitch, and really the boy should be
pitching hay. He has no idea how to ;
pitch other than to throw the ball, and j
he is hardly competent enough to do i
that without endangering • the lire of j
nearly every man that steps to the
plate. He should be given a vacation
and be permitted to return only when
he is quite sure that he can pitch a
ball near the plate once in a while. It
is worth a catcher's life to try to catch
him, and Hammond was kept busy all j
through the game figuring on what
the chap would do next.
There is no use talking, San Fran
cisco should have a better team than
the one that now represents it.
The story of how the San Joses won i
Is simple. They just outplayed their j
opponents at every point in the game, i
made runs and hits whenever they felt
bo disposed and did everything that is
expected of a first-class club. Donlin,
the new pitcher, is simply great and is
going- to give Harvey a merry run for
first place, -he Friscos could do noth
ing- with him, and, as I mentioned be
fore, made their only run on a fluke,
hit. Mr. Darlin is not only a pitcher,
but is a ball player in every respect.
He gave as pretty an exhibition of how
a pitcher should play his position as I
have ever seen, and as a batter, well,
he made three of the prettiest hits seen
at Recreation Park this season, so what
more could be expicted? He is the i
greatest find of the season and may he
keep up the good work! His support
was of the best, for the "Florists" never
played a better game. To come to the
point they made "monkeys" of those
San Francisco^ and so will every other
team in the league The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. S3. PO. A. E.
H Kruj, 3 b 4 0 0 0 2. 1 0
Hammond, c 3 0 1 0 3 0 0 .
K. Krufi, s. 8 4 1 0 0 0 3 1
H»arty 1. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
TJun leavv 1 b ::::::: I . 2 019 1 l\
Sh»a c t... 3 0 10 0 0 0
FtroeVker r. t 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Ineehan. 2 % 2 0 1 f' 1 6 1 ,
Wheeler, i _3 _0 _0 _0 _1 _* _3
Totals 29 1 5 0 27 13 6
BAN JOSE.
AB. K. BH. SR PO. A E
Hanley. 1. f 4 2 0 2 10 0
Tlittfr-n. 1 b 4 3 1 0 11 1 1
ickin. c. t 5 3 2 f 0 0 o :
Eagan. 2 b 5 2 3 0 « 11 0
r. f 4 10 1 0 0 0
McCarthy. »"\>'.'." '.'.'. 4 1 1 2 2 6 0
Brockhoff. 8. I 5 2 2. 1 2 2 1
Kent, c 5 0.1 0 o 1 0
Darlin. p '■ 1 3 0 J> _* _0
Totals 41 15 IS 6 27 17 2
RUNS BY INNINGS.
an Jo** 2 0 3 0 1 0 7 0 ?-13
Base hits 0 2 2 0 2 13 1 J--1J
San Francisco 0 00000100-1
Base hits •-■loolo2lo— 6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Wheeler 6. Two-base
h!t«— bhea, McGuckin. EKan (2), Darlln.
Brockh tit. Base on errors— San Francisco '.'.
Ean Joße 4 Bases on balls— Fran. : 2,
San Jose 5. Left on bases— Pan Francisco 4,
Pan Jof* 5. Struck out— By Wheeler 2. by Dar
lin 2. Hit by pitcher— Sheehan. Double plays—
Donlin to BrOCkhotC to Eean to Hanlon; K.
Krutr to Dunleavy to H. Kiuk to Hammond.
Passed balls— Kent 2. Hammond 1. Wild
pitches— Wheeler 2. Time of same— 1 hour and
forty minutes. Umpire — Hugh Smith.
TO-DAY'S GAME.
San Joses Will Give the Ath-
letics a Hard Run.
To-day's game will be between the San
Joses and Athletics. It should be a first
class game, as these clubs have been play
ing excellent ball. Shay will pitch for San
Jose, and as he has been under cover of
late It is almost certain that lie will give
a very good account of himself. Opposed
to him will be Fitzpatrick, whose reputa
ADVERTISEMiINTS.
richt with a
comfortable
breakfast.
ex
Schilling's Best coftee
tion is all right. The line-up Is as fol
lows:
Athletic. Position. San Jose.
Scott catcher Kent
Fitzpatrlck pitcher Iberg
Stultz Ist base Hanion
Reilly 2d base Egnn
Johnson 3d base Weed
McLaughlin shortstop Briokhoff
Ford left Held Hanley
Smith center field ....McGucken
Hildebrand right field Foley
CONVENT GIRLS GRADUATE.
Commencement Exercises of the Class
of l> "98" Held Before a Large
Audience.
Among the Interesting commencement
exercises held during the past week wore
those given by the graduating class of the
: tation Convent on Powell and Lom
bard streets. The closing exercises were
In the assembly hall, which was
• :"ully decorated with Hags, banners
and the handiwork of the pupils in honor
of the occasion. A well-arranged and en
joyable programme preceded the distri
bution of medals and other tokens pre
sented for excellent scholarship, and was
rendered before a large and enthusiastic
audience of friends and relatives. Those
who received medals are as follows: For
Highest Merits— Miss Ethel Graves, Com
merctal Class B; Miss Marie Ches worth,
Miss Katie Cashin, Ninth Class, won by
Miss Katie Cashin; Miss Emma Castig
lloni, Eighth Class: Miss Agnes Behan
Seventh Class; Miss Leonie Unlimer, Sixth
("lass; Miss Maud Kilcommon, Fifth
Class. Gold medal for Christian doctrine,
ited by Rev. T. Carraher, awarded to
Miss Nellie Hayes; gold medal for music,
donated by Mrs. Joseph Kirk, awarded to
Miss Mary McDevJtt; silver medals for
Christian doctrine, awarded to Miss Ag
nes Supple and Miss Mary Hannigan; sil
ver medal for music, awarded to Miss
Katie Meade. The following young ladies*
received diplomas for completing the
grammar course: Miss Marie Chesworth,
Miss Mary Hannigan. Miss Katie Cashin,
Misa Lizzie Remy. Miss Alice McDevltt,
Miss Maggie Hussion, Miss Agnes Taylor,
Miss Katie Meade and Miss Gertrude Pe
terson.
THE THISTLE CLUB.
Elaborate Preparations for the Six-
teenth Annual Gathering and.
Games.
The sixteenth annual gathering and
games of the San Francisco Scottish
Thistle Club, to be held at Shell Mound
Park on July 4. give every promise of
being the must successful In the history
of the organization. The members of the
'•.'■inmittee have been at work for
months on the programme of events and
they have succeeding in introducing a
number of new and attractive features,
ij.p a cakewalk between the cream
o and « lakland. All the
s on the coast have Btgnl
of '."'ing present and
taking ran in the games, as the prizes
are m< ■■■ t liberal.
In |  there will be an elabor
ate' display of fireworks, embracing a
number < f features appropriate to the
day. There will also be dancing in the
evening, besides during the day, In the
two pavilions, to the music of a cele
brated band.
Bold sailors of the army and
navy and all appearing in Highland cos
will be admitted to the park
..rge. The guests of the club
will be looked after by a special commit-
Parishioners Will Picnic.
Activt ; ure being made for
rating of the parishioners of St. Brig
id"s Church, to be held on the Fourth of
July.
vommittees have been at work for some
time arranging the affair and it Is expect
ed to bo very successful. In addition to
races, for which valuable
prizes will be given, a number <>f int.-rest
ing features will be introduced and all
who attend are assured of an enjoyable
time. A fine band has been i i
lon and there will be dancing in
: rge pavilion.
The train accommodations will be one of
the features of the outing. Boats will
leave the Sausallto ferry at
md 1:45 p. m. Return
ing trains leave Fairfax at 1:00, 2:17, 3;25,
5:L"0 ami 5:63 p. m.
In Aid of Company O.
The entertainment and lecture for the
benefit of Company O, League of the
Cadets, will take place at Met.
itan Temple, Tuesday evening, Jr.:
As th<± proceeds are to' be demoted to
the uniform fund, the bi I .iking
strenuous efforts to clear away the debt,
. at present, amounts to several
The lecture will be delivered by Con
gr< —man James G. Maguire, and James
H. Barr>». editor' of the Star, will pn
The following have kindly consent'
assist: Thomas C. Leary: the Alamo
Quartet, consisting of MifeS Grace Sherry,
Mrs. H. Lewis, Mile. Elena Roeckel, and
Miss May Mabie, under the direction of
Mrne. Coursen-Roeck'l ; Mrs. Mar{
Killen, Miss Clair Fex, and Prol
Harrison.
A Beautiful Souvenir.
One of the finest photographic souve
nirs of military scenes published since the
commencement of hostilities is that pub
lished by the "Wasp." As an example
of photographic art it cannot be sur
passed and as a memento of the stirring
9 that have taken place in this city
during the past mouth nothing better
could be obtained. It has been appropri
ately entitled "On to Manila," as it con
tains, splendid half-tones of California's
pride, the first Regiment, leaving to jc'.n
Admiral Dewey. Twenty-five pages, con
taining twice the number of photo
graphs, go to make up the interesting
edition.
The Songstress of the Fourth.
The literary committee of the Fourth of
July committee met last night and ar
ranged part of the programme to be ren
dered at Metropolitan Temple after the
parade. John G. Baroett, who was se
■ ral days ago, will be
followed by Miss Merrill of the Ti%-oli
pany. She will sing the "Star
led Banner." Julius Kahn will read
tne declaration of Independence and W.
W. Finnic will render a tenor solo.
Daisy Mac Keane will sing "Columbia."
Redfield Will Is Sustained.
The will of Mrs. Mary A. Redfleld.
whl^h has been the subject of bitter liti
gation for the past six years, was sus
tained by a jury in Judge Coffey's court
yesterday. It was the second trial of the
case, and the verdict of yesterday was a
reversal of the Judgment heretofore
found. The estate in litigation is valued
at about JSO.OOO.
The oldest paper In the world Is the Kin
Pan of Peking. For nearly 1000 years It
has been published reguiarly, first as a
monthly, up to the yenr 1361, when It be
a weekly, and for the last ninety
years as a dally.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
RELIABLE NEWS FROM MANILA
Fred L. Cogswell of the Petrel's Crew Writes
of Stickney's Journalistic Achievement.
In a letter to his mother, Mrs. H. B. Field, of 1045 Market street,
Fred L. Cogswell, apothecary of the U. S. S. Petrel, gives an interest
ing description of the battle of Manila Bay. The principal incidents
have been covered In the dispatches to this paper, but some of his re
marks are worthy of reproduction. He says:
" 'A May Day With Dewey, or Dewey's Sunday School Lesson,' will
be recorded and handed down to posterity as one of the greatest under
takings as well as the most successful conclusions of any naval battle
of modern times. » • • The days of miracles have not yet passed,
for we have seen with our own eyes feats that have no parallel in his
tory- Future historians will hardly be believed; actors In the coming
play will be doubted, for it is hard even for those who have been
through it all to realize what we have done, the chances we have taken,
and the damage we wrought on the Spanish fleet and forts at Manila."
To those who desire reliable news and wish to know where to ob
tain it, the following paragraphs from Mr. Cogswell's letter will be of
particular importance:
"A vivid description, a lengthy report, yet containing facts, I will
leave to abler pens than mine. I refer to the correspondents represent
ing the New York Herald and the London Times. Both these repre
sentatives were on board the flagship Olympia, and took numerous
snapshots of the different vessels in the engagement, as well as of the
results of our heavy and destructive fire.
"We took Mr. Stickney of the Herald ashore the afternoon of May
1. after the surrender, and his account and pictures, I desire you to ob
tain and keep for me. * * I unexpectedly have a chance to send
mail to-day, May 9. Am well; weather hot; no chance for a scrap for
a while. Don't "forget to get Herald and obtain best account."
In another part of his letter, Cogswell says ln^ concluding his de
scription of the conflict:
"The Petrel, upon rounding Cavite point, about 600 yards from shore,
signaled 'Do you surrender?' Receiving no reply, we sent a six-inch
armor piercing shell through the coinandante's headquarters, where
upon the Spanish flag was lowered and the white nag run up. Execu
tive Officer Hughes went ashore and received surrender from corn
andante. The remainder of the fleet continued firing until the Petrel
signaled the surrender."
HER GOLD PIECE
INCREASED TENFOLD
REMINDER OF ELLEN TORPEY,
ONCE A REAL ESTATE AGENT.
She Was Thought to Be Dead, but Is
Still Alive in the Asylum
at Stockton.
Over thirty years a«?o Ellen Torpey, a
young Irish woman, walked into the old
Clay Street Savings Bank and deposited
L'old piece at im • rest She was am
bitious and determined to go into the real
• business, and was probably the
only woman who ever embarked in that
calling in this city.
In l^Tl she became a frequent visitor to
the Old City Hall and made herself a
nuisance by telling judges and clerks of
imaginary suits she wan prosecuting
against persons who had taken her prop
erty. Her chief delusion was that thtj
real estate brokers and lawyers had con
spired to rob her. This went on for about
six months and then she was taken be
fore the Commissioners of Insanity and
Bent to the Stockton Asylum, at the age
A. few weeks ago Oscar T. Shuck, in
the line of his researches as attorney tor
ent heirs, discovered that Ellen was
still living in the asylum, showing no
prospect of recovering her reason after a
lapse of twenty-six years. He had been
:- to li'' I her kindred under the im
preasion that she was lons sine- dea.l,
and as soon as he discovered that &he
was Mill alive he at once reported the
case to Secretary Carrere of the State
Board of Commissioners in Lunacy.
The unfortunate woman's $20 piece had
' swollen by interest to $200 and the State
being entitled to it for maintaining her
so long. Myron E. Wolf was, at the In
stance of the board, appointed hor guiti
dian. He reported to Attorney Shuck
yesterday that he as guardKn had col
1 lected the money and paid it over to the
, superintendent of the Stockton AsyluiP.
« ■
BEATEN WITH A PISTOL.
James Cooney, a Track-Walker, At
tempts to Kill Frank Thrane.
Frank Thrane of ,?45 Arlington street
was walking along the tracks of the
Southern Pacific Railroad at Ocean View
on Friday night, when he encountered
James Cooney, night trackwalker In tne
employ of the railroad company. Cooney
without warning drew his pistol and be
gan beating Thrane on the head with it,
threatening to kill him. After a struggle
Trane managed to free himself from hia
assailant, and after having his injuries
dressed swore out a warrant for the ar
rest of Cooney. which was served on him
last night by Policeman G. Brown of the
Seventeenth-street station.
Cooney is ;m old man who has been in
the employ of the railroad company for
many years. H* is very vindictive and
abusive and is considered a dangerous
character. He never hesitates to pull a
gun on the slightest provocation.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Freda Bperry, who claims to be the
v»if<- of William Web«r, who beat the
case of robbery against him In Judge
Cook's court yesterday, was arrested
last night by Officers Flemmir.g and Ker
rison and booked at tho California Street
Station on the charge of grand larceny.
Oliver "Wilson, the complaining- witness,
claims that he visited the woman's place
on Berry street last evening and after
leaving discovered that he had been re
lieved of a five-dollar gold piece.
The Fruit Canning Industry.
The following: telegram, requesting a
decision on the tariff laws of 1897, was
sent to the Secretary of the Treasury yes*
lerday by the Chamber of Commerce:
California fruit canners have built uj> a
phenomenal industry. Our Roods are the
s>tar le articles in many of the markets of the
world. Our fruit Industries require every en
couragement, that the tiller of the soil may
prosper. V>'o are cultivating a foreign trade
in these canned fruits capable of Indefinite ex
pansion and require every assistance from
your department. A fair construction of article
769, customs regulations of 1892, and section 30
of tariff laws of IS!>7, entitles our canners to
drawback on duty-paid sugars used in the
preparation of fruit for export, and our prices
for foreign trade are predicated on such draw
hack belOK paid to manufacturers. We re
spectfully ask for an Immediate ruling In our
favor, as we are In the midst of our canning
season.
FOR THE BUILDING FUND.
Sacred Heart Parish Holds a Very-
Successful Picnic at El Campo.
The twelfth annual picnic and reunion
of the Sacred Heart Church was held at
El Campo yesterday. It was, as might
be expected, a great success, which was
due chiefly to the able management of
the committee of arrangements, presided
over by J. C. Nealon.
After a trip across the bay, which was
just long enough for everybody to find out
who else was there, the party arrived at
the grounds and the merry-making at
once commenced. There were races for
everybody and prizes sufficient to impe?
each contestant to do his utmost. At the
close of the regular programme a num
ber of amusing novelties were Introduced,
chief among which was a jig dancing con
test.
The proceeds of the picnic will be em
ployed to swell the funds necessary to de
fray the expenses of erecting the new
( lmrch edifice, now about completed. A
considerable sum of money has already
been expended in its construction, but a
large amount will yet be required before
U is completed, and hence the ladles of
the parish, who have worked so zealously
in the past, have decided to hold a bazaar
some time in October.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sutter, r. 6 & 7.
The habit of feigning death when at
tacked has been round to characterize
several varieties of snakes.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• * * * * • • • • ♦•***♦***♦♦* * * * ♦ ♦
ON TO MANILA
"Wasp's" Volunteer Camp Souvenir.
TWENTY-EIGHT LARGE PACES OF
COPYRIGHTED PHOTOGRAPHS
PRINTED ON HEAVY PLATE PAPER
COVER IN FOUR COLORS!
THE FINEST HISTORICAL SOUVENIR
EVER ISSUED.
No Reading Matter in the Number, fill Pictures.
Finest half-tones from the most recent and best photo-
graphs. Gives a complete pictorial review of the assemb- •
ling of the troops in San Francisco, scenes in camp, marches
through the streets to the steamship docks, views on the bay
and the final departure of the transports for Manila. It is a
publication to interest all and become more valuable by
being kept. Photographs fade, but these printed pictures
; of stirring historical scenes can be preserved.
PRIGB CENTS
KEEP ONE FOR YOURSELF. -------
7 - - - SEND OWE HOME Off TO YOUR FRIENDS.
ON SALE fliT ALL NEW/STANDS.
■■■■.. - - . . - - ■ ....-.-
CRACK DOGS
RUN TO-DAY
For Freedom Played to
Win Classic Event.
MANY SURPRISES IN STORE
WAYFARER MAY GET THE SEV-
ENTY-TWO DOG STAKE.
Some Good Coursing Also Witnessed
at Ingleside Park Yesterday.
Predictions for Day's
Sport.
Great coursing was the order yesterday
at Union Coursing Park. Strange, but nev
ertheless a fact, the hares ran stronger
and with more spirit than ever, and few
courses were less than half a mile.
The betting crowd was well represented
and the pool boxes did a flourishing busi
ness. Favorites as a rule won, but there
were a few upsets that jarred the talent
badly. The judging was good, and a more
beautiful day for coursing could not have
been made to order. Wheel of Fortune,
a dog that was looked upon as a rank out
sider, created quite a stir among the bet
ting contingent when he won the (lag
from Little Doubt, a 6 to 1 favorite. Then
came Mollle, who beat One Spot, a 3 to
1 shot, handsomely. Klondike ran a sur
prisingly good race, but Whel of For
tune more than surprised the knowing
ones when he sent Chit Chat, an imported
dog of much merit, to his kennel. \an
Knapp, a very much improved dog. de
feated McKinley handsomely. McKinley
sold at 314 to 1. Wait a Little, a 3 to 1
favorite, beat Leonora after a close race.
The great championship stake will be
run to-day, and although For Freedom
is a marked favorite, there are among the
contestants one or two competitors who
may surprise the believers in the great
imported dog. Some close and Interest
ing courses will result when the dojrs that
are in the first round of the non-winners'
stake meet. Wayfarer, Larlv Hianclv and
Firenzi are selected to win the large end
of the big stake. The result of the run
down is as follows:
Minneapolis beat Tic Tac; Daisy Crest beat
Black Pete; Lady Blanche beat Glenstone; Syl
via beat Bend Along; Crosspatch beat Old
Glory; Mercury beat Meta; Bonita beat Bor
der's Valentine; Benicla Boy beat Morning
Glory; Winona beat Belmont; Molly beat One
Spot; Blackette beat Oleen; Glenroy beat Mas
ter Glenkirk; Minerva beat Marcella: Wayfarer
beat Chiquita; Sportsman beat Wiianower;
Quiver beat Jennie Deane; Do Me beat Bendl
go; Flashlight beat Miller's Maid; O'Grady
beat Sylvanus; Jessie Moore bent Jessie Maid;
Myrtle" beat White Lily; Arrow beat Little Dot
tie; Wheel of Fortune beat Little paubt; Van
Knapp beat McKinley; Madge Wildfire a bye;
Wave a bye; Johnnie R beat Mystery; Klon
dike beat Chit Chat; Promise Me beat Dr.
Norman: Vanity Fair beat Rapid; The Gos
soon beat Van Needa: Tod Sloan beat Sun
whitp; Firenzi beat L. S. Connolly; Wait-a-Lit
tle beat Leonora; Commodore beat Mission
Boy; Lady Campbell beat Santa Bella.
INGLESIDE HARES FAST.
Speedy Hounds Led a Merry
Chase by the Long Eared
Eunnies.
The usual Saturday crowd attended the
coursing match at Ingleslde yesterday
and enjoyed some excellent sport. A live
lot of hares led the dogs a merry chase
and many of the courses were long and
interesting. One of the notable courses of
the day was between Thornhill and Black
Patti. Thornhill sold favorite, but Black
Pattl only led him by a hare's breadth.
Peaceful Glenn and Gilt Edge made two
trials before the course could be decided.
The latter was a shortender, but landed
the flag. Jimmy Anthony's Statesman
was despised by the talent, but he ran
away from the San Jose candidate,
Brimbo.
Following shows how the dogs ran:
Montana beat Handball; Gilt Edge beat
Peaceful Glenn; Mohawk beat Miss Glenn;
Thurnhill beat Blark Pattl; Liberty Bell beat
Sllkwood; Tessie Fair beat Mary X; Queen B
beat Han Mateo; Prince "Hal beat Admiral
Pewey Statesman beßt Rrimbo; Fireball beat
Hatte"l;' Masnet l*3at Brown Kagrlc; Royal Oak
beat Clifton Law; Bernlce beat Pprur <> Hill;
Little Dorritt heat Skylark; Hercules beat
Tom Bell' Telephone Girl beat Sir Walter;
Kingston beat Vigilant: High Horn Lady beat
Beauty; Little Dell beat Pacific Queen; Mystic
beat frink: Jimmy Cork beat Dairy Maid; Mo
tor beat Little Cripple; Right Bower heat Sir
John Arnot; Counterfeit beat Handy Andy;
Belle of Moscow beat Van Nida; Slnaloa beat
Fair View; Soubrette beat Persimmons; Hot
stuff beat Decorater.
At the close of the run down a conso
lation stake was drawn, resulting as fol
lows: Sir Walter vs. Clifton Lass; Sir
John Arnott vs. Decorator; San Mateo vs.
Little Cripple: Pacific Queen vs. Silk
wood- Black Patti vs. Persimmons; Hat
tel vs. Admiral Dewey; Sprig o' Hill vs.
Beauty; Brimbo vs. Skylark.
The winners at Ingle.«ide to-morrow
should be as follows:
Reserve stake— Gilt Edge, Mohawk, Tes
sie Fair, Prince Hal. Fireball. Magnet,
Bernice, Telephone Girl, High Born Lady,
Little Dell, Victor, Right Bower, Belle
of Moscow, Hot Stuff.
Consolation stake— Clifton Lass, Sir
John Arnott, Little Cripple, Silkwood,
Black Pattl, Hattel, Beauty and Sky
lark.
Used a Crowbar.
James Donehy was arrested yesterday
on a warrant charging him with mali
cious mischief and disturbing the peace.
The complaining witness is Lewis Wil
liams, who is the occupant of a fruit
store at Point Lobos road and Cook
street owned by Dunehy. Dunehy want
ed Williams to give up possession of the
premises, but as he refused he went to
the place yesterday morning with a crow
bar and, after smashing the show-cases,
threatened to use the weapon upon Mrs.
Williams, who was alone in the store ta
the time.
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
- - - - .A.3STD - - - -
PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale
Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding "With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Ciittlnu |
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining. Beveling. V>'m.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.. Importers of High-Class Far-
niture, French Cabinet;, Marbla Statuary, Etc, 117
Butter street. -*<.v\ •
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEKI7A CPDI\Tr Proprietor. Send for mm-
IBcniU Si nl^lU are blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion, 9 Geary st., S. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
CIWU £. CrHIWHI CD Bank, Office and Saloon !
Urik MlllrlllLcK, Fittings, 1309 Market;
Bt. Telephone South 267. !
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock FTI I IP & f A li Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. nlLLll ft vv- San Francisco.
r:> ~ BELTING.
LP npfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and i
. Jr. UtUtlN, Lace Leather, 105-107 Mis- |
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50. $65 and $75. Crescents. In Men's
and Ladies" $35. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & DILL. 303 Larkin street.
BOILER MAKERS.
~« . w=» W. J. Brady's Patent
X| fa DETACHABLE
UW. J. MUD DRUM
DETACHABLE
MUD DRUM
&sBz^[£&*M for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repiirs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET ;
Telephone Main 5045. j
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THESAK FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY, !
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JD MnTWWDr Bookbinder and Printer,
■ D, lllllrllllUi. 422 Commercial street.
CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUG H, GOLCHER & CO.
538 Market Street.
SEND FOIS CATALOGUE.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth. Mgr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs.M.H.OBER & CO. ,/aS^g.SJJSKfei ,
COSTUMERS.
GOLDSTEIN & CO., costumers; wigs: play- [
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main 1615. ;
— DENTIST." ~~~
DR- C W- RICHARDS- SE. corner ''Kearny.
~~~ ~ DRAY AGE.
McNAB & SMITH,
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDIN6TON & CO, 00 e nCos^.a^is^n C0 s^. a^i s^n n4n 4
§FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.: only makers
on the coast. 219 Front st. : tel. Front 33.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC PAY EC X- C(\ Shipping Butchers. 108
JA3- BUIC3 C LU., Clay; Tel. Main 1294.
„___„" ~ FLOUR.
ViTfAXIiT Flour Mills. J. Martensteln & Co.
nAIIURAL S.W. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
$fj For 4 Rooms
I O Furniture,
CONSISTING
PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-
ROOM AND KITCHEN.
Extension Tables $4.00
Carpets 40c
Combination Bookcases $6.00
Goods sold on easy payments. Catalogues
mailed free. Free Deliver- across the bay.
X. BRILLIANT,
Telephone Main 1850. 338 and 310 Post Street.
0 :j
\2S^33O MARKET s"s.F^SS^
Mr. WlI-SON : I knew an Ohio farmer narneu Enochs. He
was about fifty years old and was bothertd for years with 9ome
trouble the doctors didn't understand. He told me the story
himself. "I kept getting weaker," said he, "and fairly got so
weak my food done me no good, what little I did eat, and I
went from 135 pounds down to 98." It was the druggist who
suggested that he try Ripans Tabules, and he says that he had
not used a dozen of them before he felt much better, and after
c month he was cured sound and well, and in less than a year
weighed 150 pounds. For a long time he had a had color, but
■to-day his complexion is as good as mincs^.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., Importers St Dealers
in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkin St., S. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writs
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton 6c Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Sutter St.,
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons In bottle*
and cases. L. G. Sresovlch Co.. 521 San»om> it.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE REDVHiUn Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
IDE DEh nil st. Telephone Main 1674.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMCTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
If ILLMifIC. I It. 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
I'ATI! 4 V Agency. Reloading, developing:, print-
JlUUAaing. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
UnniJICOTIP" Pre-eminently the m»ehln» for
■JUIYILOIIu family use. 1021 Market «tr.et,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I I T r*V * Ct\ 123 California «tr««t,
, K. LlCl g lU., room 37. Tel. Main 16«1.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c e o g d r a f lc PARTRIDGE, 3 °fnia C ft
THE KICKS- JUDD CO., rrngersr'23 B Fim *
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms fn i C D¥ ICC Claus Spreckels
| 407, 408, 409, 410 vIIAJ DLIJ Bldg., 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
f\ALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
*"* G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office 31S Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, buccc— on
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry
House, COS Clay st. ■
TYPEWRITERS.
g|g^ ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED.
ißSjSjr) Few partly used for sale cheat.
jpgESJL^ Send for samples and prices.
1 L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery.
~ WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. St 'HINDI. manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done la '
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear St.": tel. Main 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public 'Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
' GO to T. M. FERGUSON. 733 Market st.
Wholesale and retail Special 15-year-old
Hermitage. Near Claus Spreckels building. .
— :
BATHING SUITS.
1 1 • /-f jl\ W3 Post St.,
U.O.V |/i^'iwi' UPSTAIRS,
I KNIU»INGCO. NearKearnySt
HEADQUARTERS FOR
BATHING SUITS, SWEATERS.
Perfect Fitting
Silk, Woolen and Linen Mesh Underwear
000000000000000009
o T " f PALACE " P S
%GRAND s§mhM%
_ SAN FRANCISCO. q
tf rf-r'-im i>y v mv^red paiintMW*. _
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaohsi. j?
O ■ . «v. UXDEn ONI MaSAO*"" 1 O
Q „ NOTE THE PRICES: O
n European Pian.»l. OO per day and upward (%
v American Plan.S»3. OO par day and upward ***
O Corresp-n.lTi.-- Solicited. O
© JOHN C. SIKKPATHICK, Mintgw. O
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTT.
rpHIS WELJL-KNOWW AND RKLIABLE OT.tt
-L Siio-i;i!ist cures I'rlvate.Nerrous.BloodHiidSkin
Diseases of MeuofJj/- Manly Power restored. Over
SOyeJirs' experience. Seed for Book, free. Patients
cured at Horn*. Term 3 reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily; 6£o toB.3oeT'es. Sunday*, 10 to 12. Consulta*
ciou'free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
1». ROSCOE jicsrtTT. M. i».,
I 8034 Kearnr Street, .Sun rrinclwu. fxO,
910
DR. ROSENAU
MADE A COCK
OF THE WALK
Customs Inspectors
Must Give Way.
HOW HE WON THE VICTORY
HIS PROTEST INDORSED BY
THE TREASURY.
Surveyor Spear and Collector Jackson
Are Wearing Sackcloth, While
St. John Has the
Nighcmaro.
The battle which has raged for some
months between Collector Jackson and
Surveyor Spear on one side and United
Btates Quarantine Officer Dr. Rosenau on
the other has been ended and the doctor
is now "Cock of the Docks." His sally
ing forth to quarantine a vessel Is like the
stately progress of an Atlantic liner, and
the customs oiliclals, and even Chauncey
M. St. John are but as humble c-luni
bcows in comparison.
The doctor's course In the controversy I
has been indorsed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and even the Collector of the j
Port has been obliged to bow his gray I
hairs in reverence to the doctor's (suprem- j
acy. Up to the culmination of the pres- j
ent catastrophe there had always been j
trouble between the Port Surveyor and j
the quarantine department. During the
controversy between the Federal authori- j
ties and State Quarantine officer Chal
mers the Collector and Surveyor heartily j
espoused the cause of the Federal Quar- |
antine Oflioer, and it was expected that I
when Dr. Chalmers was removed by pro- I
motion the seven devils of contention j
would go with him. But it turned out that •
the places o; the seven Chalmers demons -j
were tilled by seventy-times seven devils i
which had entered the house that had i
been swept and garnered for Dr. Kosenuu. j
Surveyor Spear and Chauncey M. St. i
John had hardly taken the oath of office i
when Dr. Rosenau gave the customs in- i
epeetors to understand that they must not 1
leave vessels which they might have !
boarded until he gave them permission
otherwise he would Insist on their going
into quarantine. The Surveyor ana his i
deputy took the side of the inspectors,
and the matter was brought to a head j
when in th» latter part of last March Dr. j
Rosenau refused to allow Inspector W. J. I
Shepman to land alter having gone on
board the Belgic,
Collector Jackson was appealed to and !
took the part of the Surveyor and his dep- i
uty. He Infromed Dr. Rosenau that his
duty as Collector was to see that the dv- :
ties were collected, and that if the bag- '
gage of passengers were allowed to be I
landed his inspectors would follow it In !
order to make - ire that it did not escape j
paying its share toward the support of !
the Government. He remarked that it ;
was a very singular thing that the Fed
eral Quarantine Officer should have al- i
lowed the cabin passengers of the Belgic I
to land and refused a landing to Inspec- '<
tor Shepman. who might not have been i
on board more than an hour, and that the i
doctor had nut given a sane reason why.
he had acted in that manner. The col- i
ic-ctor added further by way of a coun de i
grace that if Mr. Shepman had not : re- i
seined and disobeyed the arbitrary com- !
mand or the Quarantine Officer he would
be recreant to his trust.
"I will file a prot st to Washington," l
responded the doctor, with great dignity
and we shall see." " '
. '' I » wil1 ' . Fi c a protest to Washing
"and £ d .h!3i- s b c'ef" r ' wlth 6qUal dlgnit >-' .
The protests were sent on. that of the !
Surveyor being couched in the most court- i
ly English at the command of Deputy i
Surveyor St.; John, and that of Collector i
Jackson being embellished with the '
choicest examples of the colonel's
rhetoric, softened and relieved by a tew I
Machiavellian touches from the pen of
Chief Clerk Jerome.
"We shall see," said Mr. St. John
3e3 c shall see," echoed Mr - Jerome.
This is what they saw:
Dr. Rosenau sent his protest to Surgeon- :
General feternberg, a gentleman who does
not enjoy the acquaintance of Collector I
Jackson or Surveyor Spear, and In addi- j
tion to the Bolgic episode Dr. Rosenau:
complained that Customs Inspector '
Richardson had left the good ship Venus j
without his permission; in other -words I
had escaped from quarantine. General I
Sternberg, who is a doctor, sticks to the
members a.nd the traditions of his craft
closer than All Baba'a forty stuck to one i
another, and immediately went with his ■
complaint to the Secretary of the Treas- !
ury. The upshot of the conference was i
that Collector Jackson received a letter i
from the Secretary informing him that he I
and the Surveyor were wrong or barking '
up the wrong tree, and that the customs
Inspector must at once be delivered up to
Dr. Rosenau to bo placed in quarantine
and purged of his contempt.
There was weeping and wailing In camp
■when the news was told, and it is reported
that the floor of the Surveyor's office was
slippery with bitter tears. But the in
evitable not being avoidable, either under
civil service rules or otherwise, the in
spector was delivered up to the victorious
doctor, who landed him in quarantine,
fumigated him- with his blessing and a
few kind but unwelcome words of counsel j
and turned him loose again.
Whenever the doctor gives an order now j
It is obeyed to the letter, but with gnash
ing of teeth and mutt wrings, not at all
like those of King Olaf's men, which were
mutterings of prayer.
WED 'NBATH A
SNOWY BELL
A very pretty and interesting home
•wedding took place on fho evening of
Tuesday. June 14, at the home of the
bride's parents on Thirty-second street,
Oakland, the contracting parties being
Miss May '.'amllla Chamfierlin and Felix
B. Ga.Hndo. The impressive ceremony of
the Episcopal church was performed by
tho Rev. Mardon Dewees Wilson, rector
of St. Peter's Church, San Francslco.
The bride looked lovely, gowned In white
silk, with orange blossoms holding the
bridal veil In graceful folds, and carrying
a bouquet of exquisite white roses. She
■a- as attended by her young sister, Miss
Emily L. < 'hamberlin. and M'ss Alice E
Wilson, daughter of the officiating ciorgv
man, both locking very fair and sweet in
their snowy dresses and dainty ribbons
and carrying bouquets of Cecil Bruner
roses. The best man was Joseph Galindo,
brother of the groom.
The bridal party stood beneath a wed
dlng !><•!! of purest white, suspended from
a canopy of graceful greenery, where the
ceremony was performed.
After a merry presentation of congratu
lations the large party of invited guests
>:i\ down to a sumptuous table, beautiful
In floral decoration and tempting as to the
things which go far to make glad the
:r:i(»r man.
On thr-ir return from th<Mr bridal tour
Mr. and Mrs. Galindo will make their
home in San Francisco.
French Dinner 25c.
Ornnge sherbet and bottle of wine The
Ralston. 783 Market street. •
Wiaoer Did Not Plead.
Augustus C. Widber was again before
Judge Cook yesterday, but the defaulting
ex-Treasurer did not plead to the indict
ments against him. The members of the
• 'ir.-iTid Jury who failed to testify last
Thursday relative to their qualifications
■ye were called and examined. All
announced that their miivls were not
prejudiced against the defendant when
thr-y found the indictments against him.
Judge Cook was not ready to decide the
points raised against the standing of the
Grand Jury, and the case went over until
next Saturday fur decision.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE NEWPORT
IN QUARANTINE
Passengers and Crew to
Be Detained.
DEATH OF MILES BATEMAN
STRANGE ILLNESS OF A PAS
SENGEB AT SEA.
Lieutenant - Colonel Henry McCoy's
Wife Sailed on the Belgic Yes
terday to Join Her Hus
band at Manila.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Newport was placed in quarantine
yesterday by Dr. Rosenau, for what
reason no one but the medical gentle
man knows. All the passengers will
be kept in quarantine on Angel Island
for flve days, but a new crew will be
sent to the vessel on Monday and she
will be released.
While on the way up the coast Miles
Bateman, one of the cabin passengers,
was taken sick with intermittent fe
ver, but recovered under the care of
Dr. Auberry, and on the 13th inst. was
as well as ever. A- few days later he
was taken very sick with Kright's dis
ease of the kidneys and growing
steadily worse died at 10 a, m. on the
17th inst. He was buried at sea, and
Dr. Rosenau thought the body should
have been brought into port. Bate
man was an Englishman, 53 years of
age.
The steamer Umatilla, which arrived
from Puget Sound ports yesterday,
was thirty-six hours behind time, ow- v
ing to a delay caused by having a new
blade put on her propeller at Victoria,
B. C.
A guard of soldiers was put on the
Bteamer Valencia yesterday, and she
will be fitted to cany troops to Manila,
Captain Lane, who got into trouble at
Seattle lor assaulting the carpenter,
will take the vessel out, as Captain
Humphrey is going Base
The Bteamer Nero, that is to ac
company the Monadnock 10 Manila, is
down irom the Navy Yard and is tak
ing aboard the coal cargo ot the Brit
ish ship Rahane.
The Ohio, Indiana and City of Para
are coaling and will be ready for the
carpenters to-morrow. As the Valen
cia will be ready as soon as the other
vessels, the n< xt fleet will consist of
live instead of tour vessels.
The Bteamer Dirigo was to have i
sailed for St. Michael yesterday, but !
owing lo the rush of freight she will
■ able to get away beiore to-mor
row afternoon. She will tow up the i
river steamer City of Dawson, and at !
the mouth of the Yukon the passen
gers and freight will be transferred to !
that vessel. The Caliturnia-Alaska I
Transportation Company's new steam- '■
er Alice Itlx had her engineer's tialr
trip yesterday and proved herself a
speedy and comfortable vessel. The
Alice Rix belongs to the same line aa
the Dirigo and City of Dawson, and i
wiil be towed to St. Michael by the j
new steamer Aloha.
The steamer Professor Morse, which
came here from New Orleans to go into
the Klondike passenger trade, has gone
to the Fulton Iron Works to have her
condemned boilers taken out. As soon
as that is done the inspectors of hulls
and boilers will thoroughly test her
hull.
•The boilers of the steamer Centennial,
which the Government decided was not
suitable for a transport, were tested
under a ninety-pound pressure by the
inspectors of hulls' and boilers a few
days ago and found to stand the strain
well. A certificate allowing the boil
ers to be worked up to a sixty-pound
pressure was issued to the owners of
the vessel. The hull was inspected by
Captain Metcalf, Lloyd's surveyor, and
found to be in excellent condition.
The steamer Belgic sailed for the Or
ient yesterday with a full passenger
list and a very heavy cargo. Among '
the cabin passengers was the wife of
lieutenant Colonel Henry McCoy, who
is going to Manila to rejoin her hus- j
band. Mrs. McCoy tried by every <
means in her power to get away on j
the China with her husband, but was
refused passage on the troop ship. If
all goes well and she makes quick con
nections at Hongkong with the steamer
fur the Philippines she should be in
Manila waiting to receive her husband
when the f'hina arrives.
The children of the Starr Kin? Kin
dergarten, under the care of Miss Grif
fin and Miss Ash, were treated to an
outing on the bay yesterday. Captain
Leale placed the steamer Grace Bar
ton at their disposal and the young
sters were taken up past the Union
lion Works and Hunters Point dry
dock to Baden and then back home
along the Alameda shore.
The officers of the Montana regiment
were the jru^sts of J. B. Ptetson, presi
dent of thp North Pacific Coast Rail
rnad, yesterday. The party was to
have left for a trip over the road on
the 9:30 a. m. boat, but owing to a mis
understanding the officers did not show
up until 11 a. m. The trip was some
what curtailed ln consequence, but
*v<=>rybody enjoyed the outing neverthe
less.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
R. H. Herron of Los Angeles is at ths
Palace.
S. C. Hazleton of Salt Lake City is at
the Palace.
E. M. Norton of Healdsburg Is a guest
at the Occidental.
W. D. Tohey, the cattle king of Nevada,
Is a guest at the Palace.
H. R. Fairelnugh of Stanford Univer
sity ls at the California.
Fred Dodd of Fresno arrived In the city
-, and is stopping at the Baldwin.
Lieutenant A. L. Broadbent of the
: D. S. S. Grant is at the California,
"Tim" Murphy, formerly of Hoyt's
Tfxns Steer company, is at the Occi
dental.
Julius I. Wile. U. S. X., arrived yester
day and will remain at the Baldwin while
in town.
Yesterday after
noon a wave of in
action swept over
the railroad of
fices that line the
first Montgomery
street block, and
the officials who
WHEN JONES <
AND <
CRANE A\ET. <
K pure on the transportation of armies and
profits of freightage were sunning them
selves on the sidewalks. A round of sto
ries circulated whenever the idlers col
lected in a group. The following was told
and was voted tho host thing heard on
the 3trf>et for some time. It was told to a
vrry limited few and with the usual ad
monitions of prefatory confidences: An
Easterner who did not like the arbitrary
and positive manner of the omnipotent
ticket seller thought he might possibly
6ave a few dollars by getting a cut rate.
Full of hope he drifted into tho office of.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
FROM IRELAND'S SOIL.
Exhibits for the Irish Fair Have Been Shipped
and Will Arrive Next Month.
From the green soil of Ireland a shipload of exhibits for the Irish
fair are now on their way to this country. Notice was received yes
terday by the management of the fair that they might be ready to re
ceive some of the exhibits early in July.
The Great Northern Railway Company is sending a number of
models of machinery, pictorial views, paintings, etc. From John H.
Parnell. M. P., will come a quantity of blackthorn sticks, pottery and
willow basket ware, while from firms and individuals come promises
of enough interesting material to fill the big Pavilion twice.
A handsome design of the American and Irish flags crossed has
been adopted as the emblem of the fair, and will be used on all sta
tionery, documents, and, in fact, everything generally pertaining to
the fair.
! Carleton C. Crane and bargained for a re
! duetion on the regular fare east. At first
; Crane would have none of It. He repre
[ sented an office that would not cm if
i there were 3000 competing railroads, but
; the Importunities of the annoying ticket
; purchaser were so exasperating that h»- at
last surrendered and promised a reduction
of $3. Crane did not willingly enter into
the bargain by the consummation of
which he would commit a breach of the
| ethics of the street, for rate cutting is an
I unpardonable Bin. He was simply forced
I into it. The prospective ticket purchaser
I had at least achieved a partial success
I and be started down the street for big
ger game. In a listless sort of way he
dropped into the office of Clinton Jones,
and, stating his business, asked for a
greater reduction than that promised by
Crane. He also exposed the offer that
Crane made him. Jones of course was
horrified, but a sudden affection for the
Easterner forced him to make a similar
offer. The visitor refused to patronize
Jones unless a greater reduction in price
was made, and he left the office. Jones
did not wait an instant. He grabbed his
hat and bounced into the office of Crane
all out of breath. In hurried fashion he
told Crane that a "snuffer" was being sent
round to the different offices and that he
should beware of him. Soon after Jones
left Crane the man who was longing to
go east at reduced rates came in to close
the contract and get his ticket. Crane
...-.-,.-.-.-.-,.-.-^.^-.-,.-.,-.-.-.-.-.-,.--. .■-._._.:....,. ADVERTISEMENTS.
| Are you a woman with a ' /fl'^^^^^ |
o woman's ills, with a woman's <^ ' - »
'I nerves, with her pains and her v /^V. "^7- ~^^^^ m .. T%^^^^^o : I
* mental and physical misery? 11^^%'^
o Are you a woman? Then i V \ y^fe^!ffl\ j^^H
There is relief from periodi- ' \" (" ■ ' ;
« cal backaches, headaches and ''IIV
; » nervousness. There is strength % \ /^p f« |
« and health for you in my sim- >^4/ ; *#Vl lyK
0 pie method. Don't take any more drugs. They only v^/'jL^^^^l "^^M E
% stimulate for a day. You must restore the strength and then (JlJiVm^^^ |
« nature can cure you. How to do this I explain in my book, ilP^^'Jp^ »
% "MAIDEN, WIFE AND MOTHER," \^^^&^m Ji
1 Which is free upon application. I have found that my I , A 1 j i //»' j« »
* now famous Electric Belt is as good for women as for .|< \\u V / $:W ■ &&& »
|g men. During the past three years hundreds of women / ii'j . \ \\^ \M «
g have regained the full vigor of healthy womanhood by its {j I \%\ v ' /ynHBI \ a
g use. Read this letter from a grateful woman : V^ ) %^^^.« / Bhl «
O DR. A. T SANDEN-Dear Sir: The Belt I purchased^mTo^ bS'^TJ' ff done MM »
g more for me than all the medicine I have ever taken. I had taken cold at th^ time I had my ( v,A *I ' '^S^^^'V HBiS O
o periods i three times in succession, and the result was inflammation of the womb. I was so ) Wiiv^, '/ ? *^flHH A
miserable I could scarcely drag ir.yseu around and my nerves were a perfect wreck. I went to CV f> *JxS^s£££? '> "
« a doctor and he gave me medicine for several months, but finding myself no better I quit tak- / 7'/ VV> V^^^*- /W^i »
0 ing it then it was that I sent for th 1 Belt that has proved my salvation, for after wearing it a ' M*. \IVV^ 't^n. / iISS! : O
° short t time I began to fee , bet ter and '" a few months was entirely well. Now whenever lam 1 ' X V t V \\ Si "^ /\ «HRr «
0 trnLll. th PUt !t nn u Rl ? d ln less , than live minutes all my tired feeling has vanished. I can -/J "" \ili \^^s^ ■ M *:■/■", °
|^^rr a a n\^?^ S a r wonderful remedy and I would not part- with mine for anything (•? \UV ' I \TT \ «H 3
3 although lam well again. Yours very truly, MRS. 11. 1,. EIZENBART, Glendive, Montana. I j*. { Pj\ " V I§W*§. »
* WARMING, SOOTHING VIGOR. h j tt'?.. |• I «
I My Electric Belt will pour a . gentle, glowing warmth into your nerves, soothing ' I j f, '*'■ j ' I|E| »
: o and quieting them, assisting the circulation and building up a vigorous action of all the | ; 111 ! I I • pPi w
: 3 organs. You will feel better at once, and health will soon be yours. . ; j | -' WS »
» Call and examine this famous Belt at my office free of charge. Let me explain to - M |/fl , jvjl ' ' V «
I you its wonderful effects. You can test it free. If you cannot call send for the book free. '.1 | '/ \*9 \ \Wt ' °
3 DF& A.T. SANDEN, *— — — — - — — *" ",|"T .- M,, ,•. 1! .'V% °
g 702 Market St., Cor. Kearny, San Francisco. NOT 111 DRUG STORES. . I | |!; 1 1 a
' n Office Hours— B a.m. to Bp. m.: Sundays 10 to 1 , Dr. Sandpn ' Electric Belt I I , li ■ I 0
« Branches at ; Los Angeles, Cal., 204^ South Broadway Port- Is. never Fold In drug stores ' ; / .\ i I I I •"" ) §
* SfbSs«i 7^*n& £:'• DenVer ' Col °" 931 iiteenth .^n°rby traveling a ent 8 . | / • ' • i | 'I jf| I »
now saw that this man was nothing but
■ nn impostor nnil he threw him out of the
office incontinently. The Easterner was
left to the Samaritan. He bought the
ticket from Jones.
Judge W. B. Carpenter of Los Angeles
arrived yesterday for a short visit. He
will ;Mi>p at the Palace.
S. C. Webster, Mrs. A. R. Webster and
Miss M. I. Webster of Mare Island are
registered at the Occidental.
D. L. Reaburn, 01 the United States
Geological Survey, and Howard Gage, U.
S. N., are registered at the Occidental.
J. E. White of Los Angeles, an orchard
ist who is known throughout the south
ern portion of the State, is stopping at the
Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Layng are at the
Palace. Mr. Layng is a son of the vice
president of the Big Four and West Shore
Railroad.
W. A. Clarke, a -wealthy mine owner of
I Butte, Mont., arrived in this city yester
day, and will remain here for a few days.
| He has just returned from'a visit to Eu
■ rope, where he collected many new and
: valuable paintings to add to his already
large collection.
The Countess of Wisberg, wife of Prince
Oscar of Sweden, is 'in London taking a
course of training as a nurse in order to
help her husband in missionary work he
has undertaken in Africa.
A DEPRESSION IN
THE WHEAT MARKET
EXTREME LOW PRICES ARE NOT
WARRANTED.
Doubtful if the Pit Can Be Forced
More Than a Cent or
Two Lower.
The wheat trade has again experienced
a week of extreme depression. On Mon
day last the press reported Leiter's wheat
turned over to trustees. Armour heading
the arrangement. Tuesday saw Septem
ber wheat gradually hardening, with July
and spot relatively strongest.
The trade had Its ideas worked up for a
bull turn. On Wednesday September had
advanced to 72% cents, with July at SOVi
cents. The market looked healthy. Thurs
day at the opening September sold at
73Vs cents, July at 82V2 cents, with outside
buyers feeling more confidence, arguing
that Leiter had disposed of his holdings
to Armour, and an advancing market was
in order. Quite the contrary happened.
The heavy selling of wheat by mysterious
brokers started the crowd to wonderinjy
whether Leiter had fully closed his deal
with Armour. The last three days of the
week proved he had not, and that who
ever had been in with Leiter had un
loaded and left the young man to shift
as best he could.
September wheat closed on Saturday at
67 cents, July at 72 J. 2J .2 cents, as compared
with 95 cents and $1 25 leas than thirty
days ago. Conditions do not warrant
these extreme low prices. The market
at the present time is an unnatural one.
The forced sales by Leiter naturally ex
ert a very depressed condition. He was
heavily long in the Liverpool market.
The shorts are made to suffer now that
their turn has come. They are shown no
mercy. Armour and his following will
make Leitt-r sell his wheat as low as
possible. The banks appear heavily in
terested. 'Wheat speculators have no re
gard for such interests. So long as no
one steps in to stop the decline Leiter
must bear the brunt.
It is questionable whether prices can
be forced more than a cent or two lower.
The trade must consider one essential
point. The grade now deliverable on
Board of Trade contracts is worth front
15 to 20 cents per bushel more than the
former grade which was deliverable when
prices were around 50 during ISPS-96. No.
2 red winter is the present standard. It
is known as milling wheat, and demands
a premium from 15 to 21 cents over No.
2 spring, the former standard. Prices
were on Saturday equally as low as they
have ever been. The bears are surely
selling themselves into a hole which it will
take hard scrambling to get out of. Un
doubtedly Liverpool and Paris markets
will soon check their declining tendency.
The small amount of contract wheat in
the United States eouid easily be carried
by any one of the big operators.
The local market breaks under $1 30 for
December with a great deal of hesitancy.
The small crop of the State and the un
certainty regarding Oregon and AVashing
ton, together with the expected increased
China, Japan and Philippine demand this
year, hold the trade in abeyance. If
December wheat drops to. $1 25 that will
probably he the low point for some time.
Barley hangs fire around $1 16 for De
cember. Eventually lower prices must
prevail. Any falling off of the foreign
demand will force a decline. >►
R. E. MITLCAHY.
■ ♦ ■
BOOTBLACKS AT WAR.
Gentlemen From Sunny Italy En
deavor to Drive Each Other
Out of Business.
Messrs. Salone and Lugetti are two gen
tlemen who devote a great part of their
time to making the world look brighter,
and so zealous have they become to over
do one another in this respect that there
is nothing but dark words and black looks
passing between them now. No longer
do they eat spaghetti from the same dish
and drink claret from the same bottle,
and just why no one seems to know.
The two gentlemen in question conduct
bootblack stands in the vicinty of Market
street and Grant avenue, and while there
has always been some good-natured rival
ry between the two, they seem lately to
ADVERTISEMENTS^ - _■ ■ . y____.__,_
-■-■-■ ■ «-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
DRY GOODS COMPANY,
BARGAINS IN LINENS i
WE WILL OFFER ON MONDAY, JUNE 20,
SPECIAL BARGAINS
In TABLE LINENS by the yard, TABLE CLOTHS, NAPKINS, H. S-
SQUARES, TEA CLOTHS, DOYLIES, TOWELS, Etc.
WE QUOTE A FEW PRICES ■
4-8 Bleached Damask Napkins reduced to "ii"? dozen
4-8 Bleached Heavy German Damask Napkins reduced to »i s^ dozen
6-8 Bleached Damask Napkins, reduced to So -i Jfnzen
3-4 Bleached Damask Napkins, reduced to ;'•'"": sT-'ll rtozen
3-4 Bleached. Extra Heavy Double Damask Napkins, reduced to ii -- »noh
6-4 Colored Lunch Cloths, reduced to  £•*'•{-. Inch
7-4 Colored Lunch Cloth?, reduced to ;-;""i ••••••••; *""ii» larh
,2 yards square. Double Damask Cloths, all white fringed, reduced to S-. 00 each
2\<! yards lon*, Double Damask Cloths, all white fringed, reduced t0........ _*-•*>•* eat - h
3 yards low?. Double Damask Cloths, fancy hemstitched knotted fringe, tram ■
$10 50 to • Jl»j.«»u eacn
3% yards lons, Double Damask Cloths, fancy hemstitched knotted fringe, from
cii to ...•». »...••••••••••• ••• •••••••••••••■••••••••• •••••••■••T^*""" eacn
3 -ards Ions" Extra' DfiubVe Damask Cloths, fancy hemstitched knotted irin^- nn .
A JESTaI'-r^'S? ll^ctc 0 to .....*. • J^sr«fW*
A special drive in Huck Towel's." '65 dozen 2toc«, »1.75 dozen worth J2 2."..
Fine Huck and Fancy Damask Towels, colored borders, reduced from 512 to »9.00 per
dozen. - ■:: "': : '
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. (
— — V&x^^jj*™ nTME . T .
AND CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
1 . ON SECOND FLOOR.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
have caught the spirit of the day and
begun to play at American and Spain.
In fact, war has been declared, and It
causes a great deal of merriment .to the
oniookers. , , . .
It has been customary for the rivals to
closo their stands at about 0:M o clock,
but last night each picked up his brushes
with a firm resolve to keep open longer
than his neighbor. At 12 o'clock rate cut
tine began, and Salons was giving a whiff
of his breath with every shine, while
i.ugetti offered a small drink from his
bottle of water. .This was only a begin
ner and it went* on from bad to worse,
until at 2 o'clock shoes were being pol
ished free at both stands, with a fair
prospect of a beer check and a Cnmatown
cigar being presented to each customer.
STRICKEN WITH PARALYSIS.
Clerk Howard of the Internal Reve-
nue Office Afflicted.
W. C. Howard, a clerk in the office of
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch, was
suddenly stricken with paralysis at 11
o'clock yesterday forennon while writing
at his desk. His associate. Clerk Vv'aite,
was the first to observe what had befallen
Mr. Howard and gave the alarm. The
stricken man had lost the use of his low
er limbs, and was unable to speak or
make any outcry. He was removed to his
home.
Mr. Howard is an old soldier and a
member of the Grand Army of the Repub
lic. He was employed a few months ago
to assist in Indexing the Chinese certifi
cates of registration on file in the office
of the Collector of Internal Revenue. For
some time past he had been in poor
health.
Great Clearance Sale
OF
SECOND-HAND CO
FROM 4g+ If\ UP. ALL MAKES.
+LP i *Jr ALL PRICES.
LEAVITT & BILL,
303 LARKIN STREET.
Descriptive List Sent on Application.
fFOR
jL FINE TAILORING
iMjvk PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
tfffimk WORKMANSHIP, at
£y «s^iJgr 25 per cent Less than Other
m Wns% Tailors Charge, Go to
Wi JOE POHEIM
ff Pi All Wool Suits to &\r\ .„ <t 0 r
I ;j %4 Order from 4> l I 0 4>oo
/1 1 Pantsfrom.. •$4 to slo
JpS?' """""'^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St.,
1 1 1 0 and J l l 2 Market St. San Francisco.
OCEAN IHA7£L
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
to*. Steamers leave Broadway
uThi i wharf, San Francisco.
' K3ssFiS&fc or Alaskan ports, 10 a. in.,
' IJSPrGwfc June •". 10 15, 20 25. 30. July a,
IXV BJXfWlry transfer at Seattle.
; E^'^veSI jail For Alaskan ports (from
Ifis&SKrsSElMi Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
li^iffiffiwaK June B, 26, July 17, August 4,
2i, transfer at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C). Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New W'hatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m.. June 5, 10, 15, 20, 25. 30. July 5. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. .V.
Ry., at Tacoroa with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
June :. 7, 13. 19, 25, July 1, and every sixth
•day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavn'-os, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2, 6. 10, 14. IS, 22, 26, 30,
July 4, and every fourth day tnercafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. June 4, S. 12, 16, 20. 24, 2S. July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Caflb". Mazatlan.- Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., June 17,
July 2.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chango
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar^ ),o-.--c. of t-nMl^p
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
QOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Arts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
FAPP SI2 First Class Including Berttt
rMnC S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia ; June 5, 14. 23
State of California June 8. 17. 2S
Oregon June 11, 20. 29
St. Paul ..$lBCO|St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 OOlChlcaso 27 50
Omaha 26 00' New York 8100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market it.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. -
Superintendents.
SMWlQfttllfP The S. S. ALAMEDA
dafflHlE" 99 ' 11 " via Honolulu and
• g'tffllaaaOr Aurklnn (j for Sydney
y™^_^ Wednesday, July IS, at
J The sailing for Hono-
q)1C(1IIIjIII|/ w lulu June 29 is can-
vQUlpOlcfcp Ijlne to COOLaAR-
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN, . South
AJA J H 1X SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
111 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market ft.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic,
French Line to Havre.
Company^ >'■■"• (new); .42 ' lY^j>-ae»
River foot of Morton it. Travelers <&%£**
by thfc, line avoid both transit by £*&****
!• ncl!»i railway nml th« discomfort of crossing
the channel In ■ small boat. Kvm York to
Alexandria, Eatypt. via Parts, first class, $160;
Lv imETAONH June 25. 10 a. m.
I.A BO I ROO(iNE July I, 10 a. m.
LA TOlillAlNK July 8, 10 a. m.
I.A N. >i;MAN IMI-: July 1«, ](| a. m
I. a Rill I v..\ i ..July, 23. 10 .i. m.
1 .■. , further lU'Ui ii » npiOy to
COMI'AQNIH ..I'Micvl.i: TRANBATLAN-
TIQUK. Ae^nt.
NtV 8 U.Mxllim- <Jr>*fn, NVw \,> r
.1 X I 1 ... . Monti i n. Ty
us •■ lan i ■
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
ItMMM "MontlceUo."
M ,« lur» \\ r.l Hull. a,,a s^t
•■»• n'l««w rsjciT ' War" «!**NEWS OF THE MINES.
The Mining Congress
Looms Up Peacefully
Amid the War.
Notes on the Copper Mining
Boom— Some of the New
Plants and New Devel
opments of the State.
Mining Congress,
si cond annual session
6-9, is attracting
a as the time draws
ct of a great attend
■ •■ secretary has re
the election of
■ iron: six States and
will be reported.
Mexico and some
I übllca will be among
intriea represented. Cvii
■ i a large delegation. Dele
■ named by Governor
fornia Miners' Association,
ft] of the mining
- -eral thousand dollars have
■ .-alt Luke City fur the en
tbe convention, and there
B cial features and excur
• ■■ie gathering more enjoy
number of legislative and
ons will be acted upon and
of establishing a Cabinet de
j.artnunt of mines and mining will be
£iven ull the impetus possible.
Present owners of copper mines, pro-
X or giving promise of profitable de
velopment, can view the war and indus
trial situation with complacency. Next
able war news nothing is in more
• present demand than copper. As
•Riih g-old and other metals, this west half
I is of prime importance to the
nation in this regard. A New York broker
Fays: "During the past three years no
B of any kind of enterprise have
shown the remarkable and steady in
crease in values that the copper shares
have. During the past year and a half
eight of the leading copper stocks have
increased in value over $50,000,000, and they
have increased over \ during the
-:x months. The total par value of
••u.nitaliz;iUon is only $16,000,000. The
- schilds and other big capitalists of
pc have agents exploring the entire
■n continent for copper properties
.. large number of English bankers
ors have their American cor-
I :• mines or
ka i:i BUch properties
nvestment purposes. The ownership
can copper mines ia in the
. verj few people, and less than
■ r.i copper mine owers control
irld's marKet for copper. The de
• :-nal is greater than the
:-■. the total visible stock on hand
low as now, and would be
entirely in two or three months
ipped in any way."
As th : t present, it looks as
■ rid needed copper mor£
than gold. It is predicted that copper will
re January 1, 1599. It
iced at a total cost of less
ihan one-half that figure.— Mining and
Scientific Press.
The Reward Gold Mining Company of
Nevada City, Cal., has declared a divi
dend, No. 4, of 2Vi cents per share, pay
able July 1, IS9B.
At a special meeting of the Butte Coun
ty Miners' Association the following gen- j
tlemen were elected as delegates to the \
International Mining Congress: W. E.
Duncan Sr., president of the association;
George H. Evans, manager of the Consol
idated Gold Mines of California, limited; I
B. W. Gassaway, manager Majolica mine; j
E. J. Marry, manager Crystal Peak i
vmine; A. Ekman, mine owner.
A new twenty-stamp mill is being erect- i
ed on the Alameda property, and several !
buildings, to be used as boarding houses, j
etc., are in course of construction.
The dry season now at hand will again
i >rce upon the attention of the miners the !
feasibility of the construction of storage j
earns in the mountain canyons, where the
rains of winter may be caught and held i
iur future use, says Tuolumne County's
Mineral Wealth. Those who have given
this subject long and patient study are a i
unit in expressing the opinion that in this ,
course alone lies a solution of the water
question.
Within the next few days the hoisting i
machinery and pumping plant at th« j
Omaha mine will bt» run by electricity, ap
j'li>rd direct; says the Grass Valley union.
This is the first application of electricity ;
used in this way in the district and sue- :
cess' is watched with much Interest by
other companies who are thinking of us
ing electricity^ Superintendent Mainhart
!.s very conservative in speaking about the
Omaha-, but says It shows considerable
improvement.
The old Ben Franklin group of mines
nonr Allison ranch was bonded recently
t" a number of gentlemen connected with
the Cnulfrville mine in Mariposa Coun
ty. By the t<-rms of the bond the com
pany will bc-gin operation within thirty
days. The : ten Franklin is one of the
oldest quartz mines In the State, but has
never been worked below water level. It
produced in the early 'GO's nearly a quar- j
ter of a million dollars. But has been tied j
up for a long time by lawsuits, which j
are now all settled. — Grass Valley Union.
William Thomas, an experienced mi- i
ncr, and party of tributers have started j
to cl^an out and retimbor the shaft at the |
old Scadden Fist mine. Nevada County, ;
preparatory to ■ king it.
The Massachusetts Hill mine. Nevada ;
County, is keeping up Its splendid record. i
The shaft is now down 1400 feet on the
incline and sinking continues right along.
There are about 200 men employed on f
day's pay and contract. These men keep j
from twenty to twenty-five stamps of the i
North Star mill in constant operation.
Grading for the erection of a 300-horse
power compressed air plant, to supply
the Central mine, at Grass Valley, with
power, has been commenced and within
V: months Superintendent
Foote expects that the plant will be in
successful operation.
Felix Chappellot of Oakland, who for
twenty years has been president of the
Mayflower Mining Company of Placer
County, has resigned the" office.
E. C. Suman has returned from Ply
mouth, where he has been for a few !
weeks removing twenty stamps from the j
New London mill and freighting them to j
the Springfield mine, now called the |
Union, in this county. Messrs. Williams :
and Harpending, the present owners of
this mine, moved twenty stamps from the
New London a year or so ago and have
put them up on the mine and will have
ADVERTISEMENTS.
s FA 'L c Q
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
h and strength through his new
original system of treatment.
It « S» I i ICK cured by his new method,
v.ithout knife, truss or detention from
work a painless, sure and permanent
cure. f ASiCOI'BLK) hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. 4'oiil»-
gfoa« blond i>oiK<»ti in any of its
Ptages thoroughly eradicated from the
m. li- «»*«** will receive special
•ion for all their many ailments.
:TE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health."
"free of charge. Address F. L.
S^VEANY, M. D., 737 Market street, San
Francisco, CaJ- •
-a forty-stamp mill on their property
when the stamps recently brought over
are erected.— El Dorado Republican.
The prospects for another dividend
paying mine at the Phoenix (old Sneath
& Clay) must be rather encouraging, as
the company yesterday telegraphed from
Cincinnati to have the work of construct
ing a modern ten-stamp mill commenced
as soon as possible.— Valley Union.
The water supply of Grizzly gives
promise of being very short this season
owing to the small amount of snow that
fell in the mountains during the past
winter. The gravel mine recently shut
down, hot being able to procure enoug a
water to run the mill.— El Dorado Repul -
lican.
An unusually rich body of lead has been
struck in the Defiance mine at Darwin,
according to the Inyo Independent.
Tremendous activity continues to pre
vail among the .shippers in the Cripple
Creek district, and the scramble for rail
road cars is again evident, say the Mining
Investor. If nothing happens of a seri
ous nature the present month's produc
tion should equal that of May, which, it
will be remembered, was the greatest in
the history of the camp.
In 1497 one-tenth of the 11.675.000 ounces
of gold produced was due to the cyanide
process. Only within the last ten years
has the knowledge been utilized that gold
is soluble in a solution of the cyanide of
potassium. Gold-bearing ore and sands of
a low average can be profitably worked by
this process alone, and the increasing
yield of the metal is in part due to the
fact. In a South African mine ore con
tainging over 62 cents of gold per ton is
profitably worked. At first two pounds
of cyanide per ton was used, but the
quantity required now is half a pound,
the operations having been greatly im
proved.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
The Risdon Iron Works of San Fran
cisco is pioneering a new manner of
placer mining in Colorado — dredging the
streams. At Breckenridge, in Summit
County, where the depth to bedrock is
forty feet, and the fall is too slight to
make ordinary placer work profitable, two
dredgers have recently been put in, and
local experts are favorable. In New Zea
land costly experiments have reduced
river gold dredging to almost an exact
science; in California great progress has
been made in that direction in the past
few years; in Montana the method has
met with marked success, and, now for
the first time in its history, the great
commonwealth that has laid down the
garb of the silver miner to win pre-emi
nence in the product of gold, essays a new
form of placer gold mining. The Blue
River Valley is a good Held for such
initial operations.— Mining and Scientific
Press.
Speaking of the mineral production of
the United States in 1897, 1746,230.982, the
Mineral Industry says: "The total value
of the output in ISl*6 exceeded that of the
mineral and metal production of all Con
tinental Europe, and nearly doubled that
of the United Kingdom, the value of
whose mineral output in 1896 was, in
round figures, about $340,000,000, while that
of Germany was about $300,000,000. that of
France about $110,000,000, and that of Bel
glum $100,000,000."
GRADUATES OF THE
GRAMMAR SCHOOLS.
DIPLOMAS AND MEDALS FOR
SUCCESSFUL STUDENTS.
Names of Those Eligible for Matricu
lation in the High
Schools.
The past week marked the close of the
annual term of the public, and many of
the private and parochial, schools of the
city. Hundreds of students of both the
grammar schools and the institutions or
higher learning took a step forward In
their educational career and received cer
tificates, diplomas, medals and other
tokens of excellent scholarship which en
title th«>m to matriculation in higher and
advanced classes. To commemorate the
closing days of the school year Interest
ing and enjoyable commencement exer
cises were held by the students of the
higher schools; and exhibitions were
given by the various classes of the gram
mar and primary schools.
Among the students who have com
pleted successfully the course of study t^r
the past year and received diplomas of
gradu; ion are:
Adams Cosmopolitan Grammar — Graduates,
Henry Bose, Clarence Clough, Adolph Dettmer,
Frank Eidenmuller, Otto Eiermann. Walter
Faleh, Willie Heltmuller. Victor Hoffmann,
Jes-se Kar.n, William Kutz. Willie Levy, Henry
Marks, Willie Nickel, Walter Platemann. Fred
Roebke, Joseph Simon, Herrmann Sadler,
Harry Strohlein, Augustine Aubln, Rose Ed-
BSdwarda; Edith Gowan, Ora
Hui?, Adele Levey, l-;thel Little. Ma\ belle Low
_■. Juliette lijttsjens, Louisa Meyer, Inge
borg Nielsen, Sadie Palmer, Lulu Purlenky,
Agnes Koemer, Ida Ramsay, Judith Shirek,
tnna Shirek, Lily Pmith. Edna Schweitzer,
Lois Tuttle, Josephine Welisch, Eveline Wit
ten berger.
Crocker Grammar— Penman medals to Ger
trude Mllrqy, Clan Butman, Ada McDonnell
and Lillie Fltzhenry; Bridge medals to Vivian
C. An: Id and Andrew Fort-man: honorary
mention. Aline L. Martin, Gert rw\f I
lander, Charles Pkaife, May Simrai'k, Mary
Parker. Edna Tiddy, Etta Reuben and Leah
Coblentz; graduate, Rudolph Fenkhausen.
Hurry Lawt <n, Albert l'eekelman, Ida Carr,
John Dunn, Mattle Evans. Hannah R<isenthal,
Albert Taussig. Alma La.ombe, Harry Temple
man, Adolph Reddlrk, Paul Hopkins, Estelle
Sampson, Annie Murphy, Anna McNauKhton,
Minnie Strehl, Harry Robertson, Llllie Zell<-r
ba< ! . Eva Garrity, Robert Williams, Ap:,-i
Carew, Mary Dinneine, Mabel Ayres, Coneet
tina Lo Prestl, Jennie Moran and Ida Hinton.
Columbia Grammar — Annie Ahem, Maud
Brown. H^len Cameron, Sadie Cortelyou, Es
ther Dubois, Mac Gardner, Jeannette Gros-
Jean, Gertie Gallagher. Francis Henning. L.l
lian Jpffers, Minnie Lueger, Lulu Leach, Liz
zi> MClatchy, Christine Pearson, Maud Rhu
leln, Minnie Strunen, Clara Weber. David
Hiair. Carl Johnson, Gustave Johnson, Willie
Kaufmann, Cornelius Lynch and Walter Mari
anl.
Horace Mann Evening School graduates-
Arthur Baker, Fred Bammann, Herman Birth,
Harry I'.ryson, George Buzzini, Giles Dunn.
Iv>nas Garfleld, Joseph Gray, Fr^d Haake.
M'illlam Hanley, Alexander HawksUy, Josi';)h
Healy, Harvey Hemmings, Kal&Chy Keane,
Frank McCarthy, Louis Schmitz, Christian Tel
efson, William E. Ashland, Catherine C.
Ashe, Alice E. Corcoran, Carrie I^. Sprnul,
Thomas A. Cushlng, Henry H. Siemers, Harry
Pearce, Annie S. Zwerfn. Henry I. Allen.
Samuel H. Adamson, Margaret F. Ashe. Eva
A. Anchick. Margaret A. Cullum, Nellie G.
Hlake, Philomena Cull, Laurence F. Cull,
Charles A. D'Arry. George C. Cuthbertson,
F. Leo Frank, Teresa Fernandez. Edna M.
Harris, Gertrude C. Hackett. Walter B. Hut
shing, Mateo S. Game, J. Aloytolua Kendrick,
Florence V. Hughf-s, Emma M. Maher. <"nrr!*»
L. Jager, Mary J. McDermott. Helfn G. Leh«m
hardt, Mary L. Bchoffleld, Grace A. McCarthy,
Mary F. Toomey, Annie C. Robeson, Cora
Woods, Minnie E. Pnanlon, Joseph A. Win
drow, Gertrude A. Fay. Rose J. C. McCann,
Annie J. Meusd"rffer. Mar> - E. Fay, All. ; G.
Moore, Charles Whlttram. S. K. Senada. Gus
tav H. Theuerkauf, Fred Bammann, Harry
liry«on.
| Spring Valley Grammar— Cameron A. Owens
(medal). Tadao Kamiya (medal), Lillle M. de
! Lierl (medal), Edward . Hoffman. Inez G.
Woodin. Harry C. Jfentz. . John Curtis, George
H. Evans, Hattle C. Pembridge, Herbert Hoppe,
Alfred W. Gerald, Ray Tyler. Ford P. Flint,
Paxe H. Jewett. Lllla H. Evans, Evelyn L.
Fox, Ida P. Kinsman. Minna H. Endllch,
Susie F. Harding, Gertrude Louise Smith, Ar
thur J. Fairweather, Walter Van Wie, An
drew Corbus, Harry F. Fisher, Geneva Wise
i man. Linda E. Berti. Helen Dunlop, Thomas
' J. Turner, LllHe V. Harper.
Falrmount Grammar graduates— Louise C.
. Buch*r, Minna A. .Hortsmann. Catherine F.
Johnston. Irene J. Kelly. Sarah E. Maguire,
Lillian E. McAleer, Mary A. C. Middleton,
Mary J. Reaper, I May R. Button, Emilie M.
Tlmm, Cacilla I). Timm. Lottie M. Verso. Re
becca Wood, John William Cullnan, Charles
James Hansen, Thomas Johnston. William H.
Lambert. Mary A. C. Middleton received the
Penman medal and Thomas Johnston the
Bridge medal.
« ♦ ■
Opening Up the Northwest.
The hogsback on Polk street has at
' last been cut through and now teams can
j go toward the northern end of the city
I without having to meander round sev
i eral blocks, as was the case a few months
ago. The cutting through of this ob-
I stacle to the progress of improvement on
| Polk street was what the merchants of
that thriving commercial thoroughfare
had been contending for ever since Polk
street became a retail business center.
The Butter-street Cable Company that
has a franchise over the northern end
of the street will, it is believed, extend
the Polk-street line to the waters of the
bay in the near future.
Cbarges Against a Skippper.
T'nit^d States Attorney Foote yesterday
filer! an Information against John Doe
Tsaacson. master of the schooner Wa
wona, recently arrived from Rosalie, Mex
ico. The captain is charged with having
violated a United States statute by neg
lecting to post a legible copy of. the chip
THE SAN FBANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
ping agreement on the vessel so that the :
crew might have access to it. The penal
ty is a fine of $100 and costs. !
FORESTERS'" PICNIC.
The Ancient Order Has a Pleasant
Outing at Shell Mound Park.
The courts of San Francisco, Oakland
and Alameda of the Ancient Order of
Foresters and the circles of the Com
panions of the Forest held their annual I
picnic yesterday at Shell Mound Park,
and while the attendance was not as
large as on some previous occasions there
was a great deal of enjoyment. There
was a good programme of dances, ex
cellent music, and late in the afternoon
races were started. The result of these
was as follows:
-r^,,? oys> race— Sherman Abrahams first,
Willie ialconer second. Boys' and girls
race— P. MeDonough first, Olga Hartwig
second. Unmarried ladies' race— Juliette
Turpin first, Ida Davis second. Ladies'
race, over 14 years— Mrs. M. Bostrom first,
Miss Florence Maynes second. Past
chiefs race— Mrs. Josephine Lopez first,
Mrs. Jennie Sieward second. Fat ladies'
race— Mrs. Lizzie Marden first. Mrs. Mary
Blake second. Men's race— C. Grant first,
w illlam Mentz second. Extra race, for
boys— Eddie- Pesuillan first, M. ('areas
pocond. Extra race for girls— Alice Gehr
nur first, Mabel Kltto second.
rhe prizes in each case were cash, and
one was donated by J. H. Duncan, secre
tary of Court Lincoln.
After the games twenty-six gate prizes
were awarded to the fortunate holders of
tickets.
Dancing was resumed and kept up until
twilight fell on the ground. All the su
preme grand officers but three were pres- :
out. The affair was under the control of
High Chief Ranger M. Boehm, Permanent
Secretary J. Falconer, R. N. McLennan
and others of the committee of arrange- ■
ment&
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR RATES.
Reductions Fixed for the Convention
at Los Angeles.
The Southern Pacific has announced
special rates for the Christian Endeavor
excursion to the California State Union
convention, which will be held at Los An
geles on June 23. The following are the
rates from San Francisco. From other
points the rates will be a faro and a third:
To Los Angeles and return direct, $15; to
Los Angeles, Santa Monica, Long Beach,
Pasadena. Riverside, Redlands, San Ber
nardino, and all inside track cities, return
ing direct, $1S 50; to Los Angeles, Santa
Monica, Long Beach, Pasadena, Riverside,
Redlands, San Bernardino, and ail inside
track cities, returning via coast line,
Santa Barbara, Surf, San Luis Obispo,
Paso . Robles, Monterey and Santa Cruz,
$26.
Optional Bide trips from Los Angeles
have been arranged as follows: Santa
Ana and return, $1 35; Santa Barbara ana
return, $3; Mount Lowe and return. $1 75;
Santa Catalina Island and return, $2 60.
These tickets must be purchased with Los
Angeles tickets.
The tickets to the scene of the conven
tion will be sold at San Francisco, Oak
land, San Jose, Sacramento and inter
mediate stations, to and including Tracy
and Lathrop, and will be good only on the
special train which will leave this city
on Wednesday next at 8 p. m.
The return trip limit via Fresno and
main line extends to July 9; via Santa
Barbara and coast line, July 15. Stop
overs will be allowed within the limit,
except on going trip to Los Angeles and
the return trip from Los Angeles to San
Francisco via Fresno. The rates are not
restricted to members of the organization,
but are open to all.
■ ♦ ■ —
Prisoners Up for Sentence.
Adam Stroh, the burglar, was » before
Judge Borden j-esterday for sentence. As
the court refused to withdraw a prior con
viction against the prisoner, he withdrew
his plea of guilty and entered one of not
guilty. His tri^.l was set for August. 6.
James Kodgers, convicted of having
robbed Chris Gaterman on Bush street,
near Dupont, some time ago, was given
a term of ten years in Folsom Prison.
Daniel Lynch, a boy of 17 years, who
robbed Anderson & Co.'s till of (450, was
sent to Whlttier Reform School until he
attains his majority.
Joy Pan was sentenced to two years in
Folsom for having assaulted Toy Yon
with a hatchet.
Edward Leonard, an ex-convict, was
sentenced to twenty-five years in prison
for robbery.
Mary A. Clute's Estate.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of Mary A. Clute, who was mur
dered by Alfred Hoff some months ago,
•was filed yesterday. The estate consists
of money in the sum of $3042, jewelry
valued at $401 and real estate worth $2250.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reacli
of Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE OF THIS
MARVELOUS HOME REMEDY
MAILED FREE TO ALL WHO
WRITE FOR IT.
Can Be Given in Tea, Coffee or Food, Thus
Absolutely and Secretly Curing the
Patient in a Short Time "With-
out His Knowledge.
There Ik a cure for Drunkenness that has
shed a radiance Into thousands of hitherto
desolate firesides. It does Its work so silently
and surely that while the devoted wife, sister
or daughter looks on, the drunkard Is reclaimed
even against his will and without his knowl-
edge or co-operation. The discoverer of this
grand remedy, Dr. Halnes, will aend a sample
of the remedy free to all who will write for it.
Enough of the remedy Is mailed free to show
how it is used In tea, coffee or food and that it
will cure the dreaded habit quietly ijd per-
manently.
Miss May Muse of Liberty, Kan., uped this
wonderful remedy and cured a near and taw
relative and she writes a most earnest appeal
to all other women to thus spread the work of
saving drunkards.
Mrs. May Branum, Owens. La., says the
remedy succeeded in completely curing her
husband and he thought it was by his own
free will, never suspecting the food.
Mr?. B. I. Lar^don of Wheatland. Cal., says
she will never hesitate to recommend it as it
cured her husband, who was a hard drinker.
Hundreds of others are reported, even the
worst cases where the habit seems to have
blotted out the last remaining spark of self-
respect.
Tears and prayers are of no use. Pleading,
pledges, loss of social or business position are
unavailing to stem the tide of absolute deprav-
ity. This famous remedy. Golden Specific, dis-
covered by Dr. Haines, has reunited thousands
of scattered families, it has saved thousands
of men to social and business prominence and
public respect; has guided many a young man
Into the right road to fortune; has saved the
father, the brother, the eon and in many cases
the wife and daughter, too. Such a godsend
to the fireside should be known to everyone.
Dr. Halnes is not a philanthropist In his own
estimation, and yet he is one of the greatest
benefactors to the family we know of. Upon
application to Dr. J. W. Haines, 353 Glenn
Building, Cincinnati. 0.. he will mall a free
sample of the remedy to you, securely sealed
In a plain wrapper, also full directions how to
use it, .books and testimonials from hundreds
who have been cured, and everything needed to
aid you in saving those near and dear to you
from a life of degradation and ultimate poverty
and disgrace. •-■ .
Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
the rest of your life.
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains,, Bruises,
Bore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns. Back-
ache, Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally for all • Bowel
Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea, \ Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc. ■ All drug-
gist* ■ .-•'■ ■ ••■- ' •■:-.
Subscribers camping at localities along the Lne of railroads where there are no postal facilities can have The Call thrown off
at their camp by sending name and location of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Epen4 yonr mitnmer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
l alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis. Bowling. Billiards, Croquet.
Handball. Shuffleboard. Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $19 to SIS
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to 17 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
I 22 Fourth st., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cat
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGICJSLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasurs without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage rids.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, da. ting, pyrotechnics, water
carnival, etc
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID AIUIANGEMENT
for campers.
Full Information, rates and illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 SOUTH SPUING ST..
I, m Angeles. Cal. . •
SARATOGA SFffIJS.
LoUo County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaied. Sixteen varieties of wa -:rs. A most
picturesque spot and charming cilmate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or In San Francisco. *lli Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, hpatth and pleasure, fine waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market et., S. F.. $S; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Soltdad.
For terms and free pamplilet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
A|/anpO nOT SPRINGS. Sonoma Co
Allll\ Only 4% nours from a. F. and
Ullfl UUU but 9 miles' staging; waten
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimmir.B and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery: excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and . afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
ftrry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 •
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place- Is located In
the mtdet of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections electric lights, livery accommodation;
rood trout fishing and hunting:. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10.
Ul JOHN SPAULDINO,. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINO. Manager.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL BPOI IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER. KID-
NET and BLADDFR affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per we-k:
reads aroellent; pood trout flshin* and dear
huntinc on property. For particulars 'rite W.
R McGOVERN. Carlsbad. Lake County.
AGUA CALIENTE «PRI!SGS HOTEL,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via rib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths Hotel completely remodeled £n«l refur-
nished. Water, gas. electric bolls. T.ites $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AGUA CALI-
FNTI3 ST'HINGS, Aqua Caliente, Sonoma Co.,
Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE,
Lnkcport, Cnl.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lak«; fln»
large grounds; special facilitiet for families
and children; home cooking, boating, bathing,
finning: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hoplund, une^uaied soda
and magnesia Eprin^s; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottages; terns 110 to *i 2 per week.
Telephone. Buy thr.-ush tickets. O. HOWELL,
Proprietor. Hopland. Cal.
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
Good cheer and home comforts. Best location
for driving to all points of Interest on or near
the lake. Boats free to gruests. For circular
and terms address E. B. SMITH & CO.. Bijou
I'o»tofHce, Cal.
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe), elevation <ioO7 reeet, opens Juns
I Fine accommodations. Cottages with pri-
vate baths and open fires. Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rates, $13 50 for ROUND TRIP. J. 8.
LIBBY, room J. Flood building. Baa FraacUco.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
.s along SAN FRANCISCO and
of'Vhe c NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over JOO. well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one l£ our many
Mineral Spring Resortu.
If you want to enjoy the ' osre life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will bd
glad to have yon.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Resorts and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and California Bts.
K. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER, President and General
Manager.
RILROyIoT SPRING^
U/ x s \
Under new management.
MECCA $Ep
For the annual seeder after
Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Townsend streets.
PIERRE. CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor oftha Malson Torton! and Poodle Dog
FREE CAMPING
All along; the San Francisco and North Pa-
clfio Railway. In Marin. Sonoma, Mendoclno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guernevllle branches, p.long Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered dally at camps.
For detailed . Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building. Sansomd
and California sta.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
Ijr'jL* W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
ager.
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
r,7f <*%& OAKLAND,
A^^^^Jai 13th and Jefferson Sts.
W*A^tftjfoffi»f*3 9nly9 nIy 33 minutes
Pffl^iairaSi from San Fran "
)JlJi»i?^J|3^Tii^[ A Desirable Summer
v ':Z^2i and Winter Resort for
' Families, Travelers
R. M. briare, Prop, and Tourists.
■ i/\»ir A nf\ springs,
ill IWAFt 1 J PUTAH P. 0.,
IIV/ . fT __ LAKE COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
Rates, $S $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. Postofflce and telephone.
Round trip, $10. Southern Pacific: office, 811
Market ■ street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
; s.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily;
four houis from city. Telephone.
B. ANGWIN, Angwln, Napa County, CaL
yfiflftTl T ITfIT And good hand In
, UuUU LLtri ment bo hand in
hand at HOTEL GISELMJLN.
| Lakeport, Col.
," A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
C 4 \!P MFP¥FP The Popular Resort among
l>AiTll UICCIVEtt the Giant Redwoods of So-
noma County. Boating, bathing : and tent
grounds free; fine fishing; climate perfect.
Board and lodging, $j 50 and $6; unfurnished
rooms, $1 per week- Train stops at camp.
Via Sausalito ferry, round trip, $3; good for
ninety days. ■■ ■; ■'■■... '.-..•
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feet.
Daily mall. Telephona connections. New ac-
commodations. Open Juna 1. Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co., Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa, CaL
SUmmER HOME FARffl.
bunta Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; campers' return ticketi
$2 60. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTKK3.
Glenwood. Cal.
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT HUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
T .• \ IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTRIj AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
MIA! SPUES,
LAKE COUNTY, CAL. rj'-V ;
BEST PUCE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. "Write for illustrated pamphlets.
Ean Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
MARK WEST SPRINGS
The most picturesque resort In California. Has
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, such as Soda, Sul-
phur, Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, shuffle-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
morning trains and Saturday evening. Terms
$3 to $12 per week. Address FRESE & JUER-
GENSEN.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATUREVS WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS
Tepid Swimming —ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc Table unsurpassed.
Terms. $10 tiud (15 per w»ek; ?2 and $2 50 per
day. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Snmmsr.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and carelul attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The idi'al spot for families because It Is
clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1, when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
fflu 4-* i n No Rta 8 In & t0 Get there.
/l^ I lisa no fog. mosquitoes cr
/*fl j LIB winds when you are
"^ . there. Table unsurpassed.
Rates JlO. $12, $14 a week.
C^ • Round trip tickets $7. W.
\)k,-rt-**dtflfS"£7 L - Mitchell. Manager:
jprillgS F. V. Owen, Agent. Call
UVi. IlliLkJ Building.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Bes-
wick, Sisklyon County, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llmtte; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; purs
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium. St. Helena. Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds ot skin
diseases cured In marvelously short time; kid-
ney liver, catarrh, rheumatism and stomach
troubles Immediately relieved; rates $10 to SIS
per week. Long-distance ! telephone. Address
5. A. HATS, Proprietor. Lake County. . , -. '
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand tedwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER, Seaview. Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St., S. F., for par-
ticulars. . .-.•..
HOTEL, DE RED\A/OOD
In the Heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Improved Table Service. Reasonable Rates.
For Particulars Apply to
M. S. COX. Laurel Postofflce.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
■ Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free I conveyance at depot. $7
per week. JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale, Cal.
CALAVERAS£BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. -Fare S. F. to Calaveras
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent. 30 Montgomery street.
Vif TOCALOMA. "ff-
BERTRAND HOTEL,.
First-class accommodations; reasonable rates;
fishing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley, etc.
JOSEPH F. BERTKAKD, or 324 Kearny st. ,
*~ • :« ;-■'• .•'-• ■- : • ■•■ -.-■ ■•• -■ --:-' ■■ ■•■ '■■■ •
HAYWARDS.
IF YOU
~~ I Are seeking for a de-
/Vv lightful and healthful
. • tS^l. resort for the summer
4Ws3!n<-irr ■ —^V. months for your family,
nr^i^iwMi£' : TihM not so remote from
tSSfI pJ3S r*« B Sf ?t^ town but that you can,
is b'Wl'llfcMJQ.S.jMj. be with them without
— ■ j neglecting your busi-
ness.
IF YOU ww m * m Are in search of a good
table and c-imfortable sleeping apartments
only 14 hours' travel from San Francisco, with
half hourly communication, day and evening;
IF IT IS »"» m m Your wish to conflna
your summer's outing by a moderate outlay,
ycur attention is directed to
Haywards Park, at the Terminus of the Oakland,
San Leandro and Eaywards Electric Railway.
Off IF YOU . m Are fond of tenting.
here you will lind a large number o* commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel dining room, on one of which you may
erect your tent.
A choice musical programme is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the
club house. The cars of the company run
Into the park. The monthly commutation rate
is only $5: room and board, $8 per week; board
for campers. Jo per we'-k. Campers and room-
ers have the ranie service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANK, Haywards
Club House.
ROWARDENNAN.
Panta Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
Z hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Cru»
Mts.; club, billiard and s-moking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph .service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL, Prop., South Bea
Lomond.
BEN LOMOND.
Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms $7 per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON, Ben
Lomond, Cal.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
Tehama County. By rail to K»d Bluff. 199
miles; fare, $6 45; daily stag" to springs, 3
mil<-s: fare, %l; elevation lOM feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and poatofflca
In hotel; rates, $10 and up; rend for book ot
Information and testimonial!. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE. Proprietor.
BURLINGAME.
(?an Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. G. HOITT.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room, ISO ft. lake frontage: new
*table and livery: boating and bathing .'ree:
%S to $14 per week; round trip, $9 SO. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0.. Lake County. CaL
LE TRIANON HOTtL.
Reopened. New management. Beautifully
situated on Upper Blue La.ke, Lake Co., Cal.
Leave S. F. 7 a. m.. arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
Fishing, hunting, boating and bathing. Supe-
rior table. Chtcl in dinners Sunday Wednesday
and Friday. Ter. ». $7 to $10 rer week.
W. S. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. 0.. Lake Co.. CaL
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot In Lake County; bunt-
ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sud^
piled with best market affords. Address HEATH
6 BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay.
Kelseyville. Lake County. Cal.
TO the country we go — We will meet you at
the depot: good accomodatinns; desirable lo-
cation; tr-rms $7; children $3 SO. E. M. SHEL-
FORD, Pleasant View ranch, Cloverdale, Cal.
SUMMER boarders wanted, half a mile from
town, on a farm; fine rooms; good board;
plenty of shade. F. QUION, Glen" Ellen. Cal.
WRITE W. H. MILLER, 1 Liah. 'or livery ac-
commodations to springs in Laka and Maa-
docino counties to save money.
WEEKLY^ CALL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of ths
News of the Week and
3 MANY. ATTRACTIVE AND
oA ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THE -
~) PACIFIC COAST
©\ — —
oc \ / k
■3 The Best \ / Mining
°» Telegraphic \/ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
cx The Coast / \& up to data
o^ y x*■ __
* —
©( Not a Line of It Sensational
c,/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
T) it Dry or Uninteresting.
Cx Bright, Clean, A Champion of
J , Thoughtful. I Truth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
*J ALL THE TIME.
3IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BY
:T) HOME MAIL, $1.3t
©< INDUSTRIES J A YEAR.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUFTNESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— r,27 Montgomery street.
corner Hay; "pen until 1:10 o'clock.
SST Hayes street; open until IJO o'clock.
6ri McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; ripen until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2281 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Elevnth street: open until 9 o'clock.
K26 Mission street; open until » o'clock,
1606 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
KW. comer of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
t 111 UC II NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
block. 211 Suuer St., between Kearny and
Grant aye.— At 11 a. m., Christian Science
Bible lessons; subject. "The Risen Jesus."
Sunday-sohool for children at the same hour.
Testimonial meeting Wednesday at S p. m.
All are welcome.
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason •!.-.- Rev. UCOTge C. A'iams, D.D..
ir. Morning service, 11 a. m. ; Colonel
lea A Hopkins, a member of th? Ameri-
can board's deputation to China, will speak
or. "The Religious Conditions In China."
■.iMB service. 7:t.~'; the pastor will preach;
theme, "God's Promise to the Early Seeker."
Sunday school u::o Bible classes ;.t 12:4j p. m.
V P. s. 0. E.. 6:SO p m. Samuel D. Mayer.
. Organist and choir master.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st.,
near Webster Services ut 11 a. in. and 7:15
p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Rev. F.
B. Cherlngton. D. D., pastor, will preach
morning and evening. Morning subject.
"First Wii.irrness Temptation of Jesus."
Evening subject. "Quench Not the Spirit."
The public cordially invited.
BT. ALBAN'S Church (Episcopal), 102 O'Far-
rell st.. Rev. Mr. Van Derlln, rector— Sermon
and Holy Communion at 11 a. m. All are
cordially fhvlted.
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sta.,
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, residence 3n9
Halght St.— Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. The pastor will preach at 11 a. m.,
subject. "The Fall of Satan." At 7:45 p. m.
Chaplain Cressey of the Thirteenth Minne-
Eteclment will preach. Sunday-school at
12:30 p. m ., C. B. Perkins superintendent.
Epworth League meeting at 6:4.' p. m. Prayer-
meetlng Wednesday evening at 7:4' i. Roll call
continued. The public cordially Invited to all
the services of this church. Seats free.
Ushers in attendance.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mia-
■lon St.. between Sixth anil Seventh. I>r.
Charles Edward L<>rke, pastor, will preach—
Subject at 11 a. in .. "Unbroken Alabaster
Boxes"; subject at 7:45 p. m., "The Sublime
Privilege of Living To-day." Class meetings
at 9:30 a. m. ar,.l IS: JO p. m. Sunday-school
at 1 p. m.. Kolla V. Watt superintendent.
Christian Endeavor societies at 6:15 p. m.
Mid-week prayer and praise service, Wednes-
day at 7:4."> p. m. This Is a people's church.
Cordial Invitations to all. Courteous ushers.
All seats free.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner of
Powell and Geary sts.. Rev. John HemphiU,
D. D., pastor Bervlcea at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. Topic (p. m). "The Greatness and
lescenslon of God." Music (a. m.). "Te
I>eum, " J. R. Dressier; offertory. "Adore and
le Still" (Gounod), soprano solo. Miss Ellen
Mams. Music ip. m.>. anthem. "O. Praise
the Lord," Holuen: offertory, recitative and
aria from oratorio of "Elljan," "Ye People
Rend Your Hearts," Herbert Williams. All
rdlally Invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness aye.
and Sacramento st.— The pastor. Rev. Robert
Mackenzie, I>. L., will preach at 11 a. m. and
7:45 p. m. Evening subject, "Our Soldiers at
Manila." Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Y.
!' S c. B, ;,. g;3O p . m . Prayer-meeting
Wednesday at S p. m. All are welcome.
THK First Divine Science Church. M. E.
Cramer, pastor— Subject of discourse. "Feast
of the Ingathering." Services at 11 a. m.,
in Yosomite Hall. Native Sons' building. Ma-
son st., between Post and Geary; take eleva.-
Ail cordially invited to attend.
REtiIKSA.NI/.KI) Church of Jesus Christ, 820
I — Proaching at 11 a. m. by C A.
Parkin; 7:4.'i p. m., by George S. Lincoln.
Strangers welcome.
:i. Hall, BS2 Howard St. Mr. W. J. Mc-
Clure, H. lfast, Ireland, will preach here tt>~
n.Mit at 7:4", . On Tuesday evening. June
'Jl. Mr D. afcFayden of Cleveland 0., and
Mr. W. J. McClure will preach, 7:45. All
welcome.
THK Strangers' Sabbath Home (the Howard-
st. Methodist Episcopal Church), 643 Howard
St.. between Second and Third, two blocks
from Palace Hotel The Rev. John A. B.
Wilson. D. ]> j.astcr. will preach at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Morning subject. "The High-
est Motive of Action"; evening subject, "Th«
Primal Principle of Patriotism." Miss Mabel
i"erki:;.s and Miss Hermione Marguerite La^lc
will sing. All are always welcome. Seats
tree.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Free public lectures
every Sunday evening at S o'clock in Fra-
ternal Hall, f M.I Fellows' building. To-
nigh-, "The Breath of Life," by Miss Marie
A. Walsh. Other meetings Tuesdays, 3p. m. ;
Wednesdays, * p. ni. ; Thursdays, 2:30 p. m.,
slso Lotus Circle for children, Sundays at
2:30 j>. m.
UNIVERS M> Brotherhood— L-dge No. ».
Theosophical 8 iciety In America.
t! !<r'therhood League.
Academy of Sciences building. S>43 Market at.,
r."ur Fourth—Lecture to-night, "The Law of
Evolution," by Mrs H. H. Somers; U. 3. L.,
Tuesday ni^ht. "Evolution"; I. B. L., Satur-
day night, "Unselfishness."
AN assembly of Christians meet every Sunday
at 11 a. m . Hebron Hall, 791 Market St. Come,
.■■• ..■- .-■ . -■■:! together.
SIXDAK MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, SOS Larkln st. — Sunday evening,
June 19, at 7:45 sharp, Mrs. R. S. Llllie,
speaker; subject, "The Realm of the Spirit,
'or the Home of the Soul." Admission 10c.
Mr?. Lillie will speak in Oakland at 11 a. m.
in Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Eleventh and
Franklin sts.
AT Metropolitan Temple, at 8 p. m.. Professor
William Windsor. LL.B.. PH.D., under the
auspices of the International Religious Asso-
ciation, will lecture on "Mistakes of Modern
Science," Illustrated with moving stereoptl-
con views of the heavenly bodies. Admis-
sion free.
AT Dr. Rlnes' spiritual society. 900 Market; 11.
free; 2-S. 10c; Mrs. Sealey. Vipers. Bird, Dr.
. Carpenter; Dr.'s office, 935 Market, 10. 4 to 8.
JOHN SLATER, grand test seance to-night at
E:l5 sharp; hall 909 Market st. ; tests, names,
questions answered; admission 10c.
FREE thought— Geo. Sawklns, B.A. "Popery,
the Crime of Nineteen Centuries." 809 Mar-
ket st. at 8 p. m.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, circles Sunday and
Thursday evenings; 320 McAllister St.; sit-
•* tings tally.
A TEST meeting. 8 p. m.. 10c. 335 McAllister;
R. 'A. Stitt. Nita. Harcrave, others; sick
healed.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night; 10c. 605 McAllister; come, skeptics.
C. MAYO. STEERS. 1W 2 Oak St.; circles Tues-
day. X p. m.; Thursday, 2 p. m.; readings. $1.
MRS. HARLAN'D, circle to-night, articles read,
10c; SB9 Howard st.; prophetic readings daily.
C. V. MILLER, eiherializlng materializing
seance; I p. m.; 50c. 409 Loavenworth st.
MRS. DR. STEWERT, Chicago medium; test
circle to-night. 1200 Grove St., Oakland.
A KATIE HEUSSMANN'S sittings daily; cir-
cles Friday evenings; LT.c. 47, . Fell st.
MEETING NOTICILS.
CELEBRATION of St. John Day, June m
24. JSPB. under the auspices of the Past *»
Masters' Association of Masons of Cal-"\jT2f
lfornla. Basket picnic. Masons, their /V\
families and friends are Invited. Tickets 50c.
Steamer leaving Jackson st. wharf, pier i
1:80 a. m. Music, dancing and lunch on one
. of the islands in the bay; nice dancing plat-
form. L. Bi .1! l,\i ii i. x. .-,,.,.
OFFICERS . and members Alt a niMliHf i
Lod K e £05, I. O. O. F.— lnitiation
MONDAY EVENING, 20th inst. =$&<gj£*i
Visiting brothers cordially in- : '^Wf^"
vl ted. W. B. HIBBERT, Noble Grand
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent *
Association will ho!,! their twentieth tf^a*^
annual picnic • n SUNDAY, ■ June 24, ■SBjfS'r?
ISS&, at Germanla Gardens, Presidio: BSSJt
admit to the park. 25c; for the - ''***
benefit of the Red Cross Society; valuable
gate prizes will be distributed.
THE COMMITTEE.
ATTRACTION Extraordinary— The v C 7 s.
« Scottlfh Thistle Club's sixteenth 3>l t\s2
grand annual gathering and games, *K>CTyg
Shell Mound Park. MONDAY, July 'tsK?*
4, 1898. A truly great celebration, occupying
the entire day-and night. The greatest affair
of the kind ever ■ held on the Pacific Coast.
Grand ball and patriotic display of fireworks
in the evening. Admission (day), adults, SO
cents; children, 25 cents. Admission (night),
adults, 25 'cents; children, 10 cents. United
States soldiers and parties in Highland cos-
tume admitted free.
W. A. DAWSON. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERBON, Recorder.
GRAND annual picnic (1893) «
and family reunion of the Per- jftr#\s
vlan-Montenegrln Literary and *Sx*4r
Benevolent Society, SUNDAY, i "sjkvrf«fl
JUNE 19, 1898, at . California BM^jfajiHl
Schuetzen Club Park. San Ra- FijraSiSiTO
fael. Boats leave Tlburon ferry, <\ ■*Sfa-'»3
foot of Market St., at 9:30 and VW«i VfVVr
11 a. m. and 1:30 and 3:30 p. m.
Special train will leave park at '-ZzX^
6:30 p. m. Adult's ticket, round
trip, including admission to the park, EOc;
children's ticket, ' round trip. Including ad-
mission to the park, 25c. Grand Tombola,
first prise $80 cash, and over 100 other valu-
able prizes. COMMITTEE.
MEETING NOTICES-Contlnned.
REBFTL Cork Benevolent Association— Members
of the picnic committee*" are requested to at-
tend a meeting at Cambrian Hal., 1133 Mis-
sion St., SUNDAY. June 19, at 2 o'clock to
make arrangements for the twelfth annual
picnic to be held at Shell Mound Park, on
SUNDAY. August 7. 1898.
JOHN SHEA. Chairman.
JOHN MQTNIHAN. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES^
MISSION Rebekah Lodge will give anTTenter-
tair.ment and dance at Excelsior Hall, Mls-
I slon St.. bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth on
SATUROAV EVENING, June 25, 1838.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 4U Montgomery at., room 6; tel. 6580.
Rooms papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
i r-aintinfe dona. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
MISS I: CLKVELAND, from the East— Baths.
massage; assistants. 23 Grant aye., room 1.
MISS EVA SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor
| 116 A Grant aye., room 17.
| MISS FLOSSIE DAVIS, manicure and mas-
sa?e. Room 7. 1211 Market, old No. 1007.
! MRS. ALICE FAY. magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell st., room 2.
MISS MTRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. 12.
: opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and mass Hire. Ills Market st., room g.
MISS !.. DEAN, HiT Market st.. parlors 11 and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market st.. rooms 9 and 11.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlorß 1 and 2. 32 Turk st.
j PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120'j Geary St., room 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor St.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120U Geary st. room 11.
AI.VINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 15H, Turk and 11 IS Market, 15-18.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Sa vi ngs'ljivnk~of
I San Francisco, S3 Post st. For the ha.ll' year
■ ending June 3u. IS9S, a dividend has been de-
| clared at the rate of three and three-quar-
l ters (3-i) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday,
July 1. IS'JB. GEORGE A. STORY.
Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California St., corner Webb — For
the half year ending with the 30th of June.
ISPS, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three anil one-third (3 1-3) p»r cent on
! ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
! and after Friday. July 1, I^SS.
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
j DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 56 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
1 tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market St., on and after
MONDAY, June 20, ISIS. Transfer books will
1 close on TUESDAY. June 14. 1593, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELD.ON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class Be-
■ lect help. 835 Market at., near Fourth.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
YOUNG married woman wishes situation as
chambermaid. Call at 510 Linden aye.
DRESSMAKER wants work In families; $1 10
per day. 510 Diamond st.
BY lady stenographer and typewriter, compe-
tent for any kind of work; four years' ex-
perience; references given: salary $6 per week
or by month $25. Address box 167, Call office.
NURSE of ten years' experience in maternity
cases wants a few more engagements; terms
$10 per week. Address Nurse, box 600, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes position as wet nurse.
Call or address MRS. D., 2831, Jackson st.
YOUNG married lady from the East wishes
position for up stairs work; -sleeps at home.
Address L. 8., 417 Stockton st.
AMERICAN woman wishes washing or iron-
ing or housekeeping; $1 and car fare. Ad-
dress box 295, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation as gen-
eral housework or second work. Please call
3013 26th at., bet. Harrison and Bryant.
| POSITION by a lady stenographer; 6 years' ex-
perience: any kina of office work; would
j leave city: references. 40j4 Turk St., room 1.
j GERMAN girl wants position for general
housework, assist cocking ; country preferred
if fare paid; wages $15. Address MISS R. S.,
731 Fulton st.
YOUNG Bwiss-American girl wishes to have
a situation for light housework. Please call
or address 1309 Stockton st.
EDUCATED young lady with knowledge of
typewriting:, desires position as longhand
writer, correspondent or copyist; good pen-
man and speller; moderate wages. Box 13.
II '■ Eleventh st-
DISHWASHING wanted by a reliable young
woman and assist in cooking, or would do
some washing; steady. A. 8., 81 Natoma Et.,
corner Second; call for 3 days.
_ ,
RELIABLE elderly woman wishes a position
In a small family to assist with light house-
work; would make herself useful; references.
Box 153. Call office.
| WIDOW wants position in country hotel or on
I ranch. 937 Shotwell st.
WANTED — Situation as a first cook In an In-
stitution. Call Monday forenoon. 127 Turk at.
LADY would like to assist in small family for
board and room; speaks English. French and
German; rood musician; references. Box 166,
Call office.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper and good cook, with city refer-
ences. Apply 767 Harrison st.
STRONG young woman wishes work in a small
family: good plain cook; chamberwork or
cleaning offices preferred; references if de-
aired. Addreaa box 11G, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a widow and daughter
as housekeeper or general housework; city or
country. C. E. E., 119 Turk at.
BY a German woman as working housekeeper;
a good cook and experienced lady's nurse.
Address MULLER. 1566 Fifteenth st.
STRONG young woman wishes position aa
chambermaid or do general housework; plain
cooking: city preferred; wages $15 to $20.
Please call 249 Stevenson Bt.. bat. Third and
Fourth.
WANTED — Situation as housekeeper by mid-
dle-aged Swedish woman; is good cook. 442
Mlr.na st.
NEAT, respectable woman, with boy 4 years,
would like position as seamstress or light
housework; wages moderate. Box 93. Call.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes light house-
work or chamber work; city or country. Call
120H Hawthorne st.
REFINED Swedish girl desires situation as
chambermaid and seamstress. Pleasa call at
180S Folsom st.
GERMAN girl would like situation as house-
keeper; city or country. 160 Tehama st., up-
stairs.
SITUATION wfinted by a thoroughly reliable
mlddle-afcd German house servant, an ex-
cellent cook and laundress. Call 31." Bush st.
GERMAN woman, good worker, wants work
by the day; washing and housec'.eaning. 365
Jessie St., near Fifth and Market.
GOOD cook requires position as assistant cook
In large hotel or club house. Address box
137, Call office^
DRESSMAKER from the East; first-class cut-
ter and fitter; goes out by the day. 469 Hayes.
CARE of grown children and assist second
work. Address L. H., Branch Call office, 615
Larkin st.
RELIABLE woman wants situation: good cook,
baker and laundress, or housework; nation-
ality Scotch; reference. Address Cook, 615
Larkin st.
WANTED— Steady place to work each week by
woman to wash, clean or do plain sewing;
will care for sick person. Children's Day
Home. 110 Hayes St.. near Polk.
W< >MAN to do washing and ironing by the day,
$1. 3K2 Grove at.
AN ACTIVE middle-aged lady with little girl
9 years old, wishes ll^ht housework In ex-
change for a home; can teach music. Ad-
dress box 20, C.UI branch office, 357 Hayes st.
WANTED— FamiIy sewing and mending by day
or week by a competent elderly person; gen-
erally useful; ternia low. 3020 Twenty-sixth
st., cor. Alabama.
REFINED girl wants to care for children
above 3 years old; good education and willing
to assist with school work. etc. ; small com-
pensation to start; references exchanged.
Box 2?7. Call office.
FRENCH woman wants work by the day,
washing or housecleanlng. Please call or
address MME. JAOQUOT, 342 San Carlos
aye., bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a situation as
housekeeper and good seamstress, or take care
of an Invalid; no objections to children. 2222
Post st.
BY a young girl, situation to assist in house-
work; small wages. Call at Young Women's
Christian Association. 1259 O'Farrell at.
GERMAN lady wishes situation as invalid's
nurse, companion or for traveling; good pack-
er. Box 2ft<. Call office.
REFINED middle-aged woman desires posi-
tion: good plain cook; can give mother's care
to children. Apply 2SOH Fulton at.
BY young woman of business ability and ex-
perience, position In law, real estate or gen-
eral ofric«, Al references. Add, box SOS, C^Jl.
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTJKE 19, 1898.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— Continued.
RELIABLE middle-aged woman wishes situa-
tion as working housekeeper, or will take
care of hous.e during family's absence; best
references. Call or address 13158 Ellis st.
COMPETENT, nurse wants place to take care
of young children. Address box 309. Call.
BY experienced bookkeeper, office position;
best of references; interview solicited. Ad-
dress A. 8., box 306, Call.
REFINED young lady would like position as
traveling saleslady or companion; references
exchanged. Box 313. Call. :'
YOUNG strong German woman wishes work;
cooking and plain housework; sleep home.
407 O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes to do general
housework and cooking; understands some
German cooking; references; $25. 613 MeAl-
• lister st. ' - t, ..-..-■■
COMPETENT young French lady desires posi-
tion as governess, chambermaid or take care
of children; a graduate. Address E. C. , 514
Bush at.
YOUNG lady desires position in dental parlors.
Address box 342, Call office.
SITUATION by middle-aged lady; housekeep-
ing or chamberwork. Call afternoons at 564
Stevenson st.
£27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
STEADY middle-aged man wants employment,
either in city or country; writes a fair hand;
small wages. Address box 241, Call office.
YOUNG man, Dane, wants work, private plaoe,
as waiter, care of horses, cows or garden.
Box 172, Call office.
SITUATION needed badly by man who can
work or play and turn his hand any way;
city or country; good references. Box 17L Call.
PAPER-HANGER, with tools, painter, etc.,
wants situation; city or country; best refer-
ence. ANTOINE, 335 Fourth St.
THOROUGHLY competent hotel man wishes
management of hotel; city, country or resort;
Al references from leading Eastern hotels and
clubs. Box 170, Call office.
YOUNG man, understands all kinds of orchard
and vineyard work, handling and drying
fruit and making wine, wishes position. Ad-
dress 330 Harriet St., rear. '
STEADY, sober man wants to take care of
horses, work around place and do sortie driv-
ing, or as porter or janitor; handy with tools;
good refenerces. Ad. R. R., 1404 Leaven worth.
BOY, 15 years, residing with parents, wants to
learn carpenter trade; wages no object. Ad-
dress 14, Eleventh st.
POSITION by experienced hardware and stove
salesman; also acquainted with general mer-
chandise; understands bookkeeping; salary
low; references. Address 8.. box ISO, Call.
ENGINEER would like a position as engineer;
city or country; Is a machinist and black-
smith; had 12 years' city experience; can give
good references. Address 2953 Harrison st.
STEADY young man with 2U. years', experience,
wishes position as barber. Address J. G.
H., 1039 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class merchant
tailor cutter, and also a first-class stock cut-
ter; sure to give good satisfaction; city or
country. Box 191, Call office.
YOUNG married man wants a position In
store; porter or delivery driver; thoroughly
acquainted with the city: steady position
and low wages. Box 178, Call office.
SWEDE wishes situation in private family as
gardener and coachman: good milker; best
references. Box 138. Call office. •
GARDENER— A first-class gardener, with good
recommendations, wishes employment; no ob-
jection to do chores around the house. Ad-
dress Gardener, box 361, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class licensed sta-
tionary engineer used to steam engines; also
hydraulic, electric and steam elevators; will
take position as fireman. Address J. W.
BUCKLEY. 820 Folsom st.
MAN and wife, both good cooks, want pooi-
tlons in mine or some steady place in coun-
try. Box 136, Call office.
STEADY sober man wants work about a pri-
vate place as gardener: city or country;
handy about a house: best of references. Box
265. Call office.
GOOD Chinese cook, washing, ironing, house-
work, wishes situation; 6 years In last place;
$7 a week. 708 Commercial st.
INDUSTRIOUS Englishman desires work on
gentleman's premises or ranch; care of gar-
den. stock, repairs, etc.; best references as
to character and ability. ■ Box 295, C»U office.
YOUNG man, honest and reliable, wishes posi-
tion in wholesale house where there are pros-
pects of advancement; good knowledge of
bookkeeping; references. Box 301, Call office.
WANTED — By young man (German), kitchen
work, assist jn cooking, waiting, saloon or
other work: city or country. Address H.
VIELITZ, 632 Mission St., room 19.
POSITION as cook. institution preferred. 1
Martha place, off Geary St., between Mason
and Taylor. —
BUTCHER, young man 23. desires situation;
has six years' experience; can drive horses.
Address CH. SCHMIDT. 26 Minna st.
INDUSTRIOUS Frenchman wishes position
near city on private place: can milk and tend
horses; handy all-around man; references;
moderate wages. Box 311, Call office. #
SHIP'S surgeon, M.D.. 8.C.. Cambridge Uni-
versity, England. L.S.A. London, M.D. San
Francisco, 2 years with P. and O. S. S. Co.,
wishes re-engagement on any steamer requir-
ing such officer. Box 360, Call office.
NEAT Asian boy wants position in small
family as light houseworker; able to do plain
cooking. Box 327. Call. -h. '
BOY, 15 years, desires situation; speaks French
and English; best references. 725 Sansome.
CERTIFICATED engineer, used to hoisting,
winding and stationary engines, wants em-
ployment; good testimonials. Address H. F.
N., 3059% Howard st.
WAITER wishes situation as Indoor servant or
for private boarding-house; good city ref-
erences; wages $15 to $18. Box 344. Call office.
YOUNG man, as assistant barkeeper, wishes
position in city or country; 2 years' experi-
ence in East. Address box 337, Call office.
BARTENDER wishes position in city or coun-
try: good references. Address A., box 365,
Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at the
Metodlst Gospel Hall, 734 Jackson St., near
Stockton.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and bajtsrage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
A— GIRLS ■ WOMEN
cook, private family $30
5 waiters •^~— ~ "* .——.... — .... _.. ■ — $20
2 hotel cooks $25 and " $20
2 laundresses ■
3 ranch cooks '• $15 and $20
—MURRAY & READY,
C 34-636 Clay St.
SUNDAY— to-day,' Sunday.
10 waitresses for Santa Cruz, springs, sani-
tariums and country hotels, and 5 waitresses
for city places, $20 and $25; call to-day, Sun-
day; office open 10 o'clock. C. R. lIANSEN
& CO.. IC4 Geary st.
BUSINESS secretary, new mutual organiza-
tion; cashier and bookkeeper, bakery, etc., to-
day. 313 Bush St.
BOOKKEEPER . and order clerk, commission
house; stenographer, special work, to-day.
313 Bush st.
PARISIAN perfect fitter; experienced nurse,
traveling; assist. printer, photograph gallery.
•313 Bush st. , ■'......
2 TICKET clerks; office matron; several' sales-
ladies; factory hands. 313 Bush st.
ALL lady cashiers, bookkeepers, matrons,
housekeepers, clerks and salesladies. 313 Bush.
ALL waitresses, chambermaids, second girls,
cooks wanting positions call 313 Bush at. .
MANAGING hotel housekeeper, experienced;
check clerk. 313 Bush at.
OFFICE matron and confidential clerk. $40; 3
salesladies; stenographer, law.". 313 Bush st.
WAITRESS, country restaurant, $25; girl, gen- I
eral help, boarding-house. $15; girl, 3 In fam-
ily, $10; girl, general housework, city. $20.
PAC. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 835 Market.
YOUNG girl to help In small family; fair pay;
good home. Call Monday at 541 . Fourth st. ',
SOMETHING remarkable; 400 per cent; either
s»x. B. ELLISON. 1623 Polymnla'st., New ,
Orleans.- |
GOOD middle-aged woman for Hght housework
and wait on lady; $9 to $10. 716. Franklin st.
WANTED— GirI ' experienced .In photo printing.
&4 Murphy building. . .. ■■.. ', /
WANTED— Experienced operators and good i
plush hands. DAVIDSON ; & MILLER, 731
Market ; st. -.  .V;;;-^;;x.vV;.;';,.;..\ i
APPRENTICE for hair dressing. ' MISS A. V. !
DOYLE, 1704 Market St., opposite. Tenth." ...
WANTED-- Working ■ girl . or <■. woman "to 3 room
and board ; $12 : per month. .. 925 Harrison : ntr&t
YOUNG girl 17 take care baby and make her- ;
self useful; must v be willing; * good ••■ home; i
.■ ' wages $10. . ;- 2028 Jackson ; st.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser; steady employment i
- and • good salary ;if «■*. thoroughly i competent. i
j: MMJ& £>£LLA FAUST, 240 Stockton st. J
HELP WANTED— Continued.
DRESSMAKING and millinery thoroughly
taught by the only system receiving gold
medals in Europe and America; cash or week-
ly payments; patterns cut to fit, 25c up; send
for cireulur. McDowell Dressmaking and
Millinery School, 103 Post st.
TACTFUL, high-grade woman for assistant
manager in wholesale house; confidential;
permanent position. Experience unnecessary.
Box 291. Call office.
GIRL for cooking and housework; $12. 38
Maple court, off 14th St., above Guerrero.
WANTED— Girls and ladles to learn "Rood'i
made scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open eventf.gs; good pay. 207 Taylor.
WANTED— Girl for second work; willing to
work; moderate wages; suburb. Box 294. Call.
GOOD German girl for general housework. 396
Hayes st.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
tt.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
HELP WAXTED-JIALK.
OFFICE
OPEN
TO "£ AT SUNDAY TO-DAY
Otflce open from 9 a. m. for the accommoda-
tion of those who want to go to Alaska to
work on the Skaguay railroad
Mr. John Stanley of Skaguay will be here
at our olflce to-day (Sundavj, especially to
hire „ "
40 more bridge carpenters, $3 85 a day.!.!!...
300 more rockmen and laborers. $3 a day
\\ c have secured extremely low
rates by water and rail, and we ship on
Monday. For further particulars call and
see Mr. Stanley here at our office to-day
(Sunday), irom 9 o'clock on
C. R. HANSEN & CO
IU4 Geary Bt
CALL TO-DAY SUNDAY
We ship Monday, 7 o'clock, for
the Coast Railroad true fare.
IS teamsters, $1 75 a day
10 wheeler loaders, $2 a day
Call at our office to-day (Sunday) and hire to
go Monday. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
80 2-HORSE teamsters, $20 and board; free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt.
AN experienced camp cook for a railroad camp
$60; free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
BROILER, $50; second cook, small hotel, $50;
second, restaurant, $55; third, $45; 2 cooks,
small hotels near city, $40 each; 2 cooks for
the army, able-bodied men to enlist, $70; cook
to enlist and go to Manila, $35 40; vegetable
cook for a first-class country hotel, $40 and
free fare; 2 pantrymen, institution, $26; water
resort, $20; third cook, hotel, $25; lunch cook,
salf>on, $H a week and room. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
BREAD and cake baker, country shop, $35 and
found; 2 third hands, $25 and found; fourth
hand, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
2 WAITERS, city, $40; springs, $20; country
restaurant, $30; waller for a mine, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MARKER and distributer, country steam laun-
dry, $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
bai:kki:i'KK. country hotel, fU and found;
see party here, 10 a. in. to-day (Sunday). C
R. HANSEN <t CO., 104 Geary fit.
COACHMAN, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
10 FARMERS, $1 a day; fare 250. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A— SUNDAY; open to-day from 10 a, m. Sunday
MURRAY & READY
want to-ilay
15 lumber pilers, $20 and found
26 farm hands, $26 and $20 and found....
10 laborers for sawmills, $26
15 haymakers, $25 and found
10 choremen and boys, $10 and $15
26 scraper teamsters, $25
20 laborers, city jobs, $1 75 day
15 sand teamsters, $1 75 day
6 milkers, J2. r . and $30
.... 184 woodchoppers, $1 50 and $1 cord ....
ICI tie makers, Sc. 10c and lie
3 choremen, private, 120
356 railroad laborers. $1 75 day
259 railroad teamsters, $1 75 day
53 xniners, $2 50 day
116 laborers for mine, $2 50 day
.. 20 irrigators or ditch diggers. $20 and fd..
3 boys to learn trades
grocery clerk, $15 and found
Also hundreds of other places too numerous
to advertise
Come one Come all
and read bulletin boards of
MURRAY & READY,
634 and C 36 Ciay st.
A— EMPLOYERS OF HELP
Please remember
MURRAY £• READY
supply most of the corporations
syndicate*, banks and trusts
end other lr.rse concerns, including smaller
enterprises located on the Pacific Coast: we
sent seventeen thousand (17,000) men to work
during the year 18:-*7: what
MURRAY & READY have done
and are doing for others
they can do for for, send you
flr-st class help at once,
"free of charge."
634 and 636 Clay St.: telephone Main 5548.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents, fi34-fi3fi C'av st.
■"KS WAITERS Dishwashers
Camp cook, near city $35 and found
3 hotel cooks $40 and $35 and found
3 restaurant cooks $9 and $11 week
2 second conks $S and $9 a week
Third coo% for mines $30 and found
Pastry cook, easy small Job $25 and found
6 waiters, city Jobs $6 and $7 a weuk
3 hotel waiters, slty $20 and $25
2 waiters, country Job
5 dishwashers $25. $20 and $15
MURRAY & READY, 654-C36 Clay st.
A— BUTCHER for a ranch, $30 and found; boy
for a bakery, $15 and found.
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— French chef for restaurant, $100;
cook and second, country hotel, $60 and $30;
restaurant cook, $14 a week; waiters, city
and country, $20 to $25; dishwashers, $15 to
$2": laundryman, $25; shirt ironer, $30; assist-
ant lr.»ner, $20; driver for laundry, $20; chore-
men fur resorts. $10 to $15; butler, $10. AN-
DRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
WANTED — 4 quartz miners, $2 50 day; 3 min-
ers, $40 and board; 3 gravel miners, $2 50 day;
carriage smith, $3 to $3 50 day: blacksmith for
mine, $2 50 day; carriage painter, farmers,
milkers, woodchoppers and others. J. V.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ALL first-class bookkeepers, stenographers,
collectors, clerks, salesmen, call 313 Bush st.
ALL hotel heads of departments with good
credentials to call 313 Bush st.
FIVE first-class salesmen to sell to best retail
merchants; portions worth $50 per week and
expenses. Address Eastern Manufacturing
Company, Manhattan building, Chicago.
BOY who can operate punching machine; paper
and tin. STUPARICH, 141 Fremont at.
METAL spinner; also a boy to learn metal
spinning. Call at P. E. BARKER. 134 Sutter.
NEAT boy at Pacific Dental Parlors, 791 Mar-
ket st.
GOOD barber for Sunday. S3O Broadway, cor-
ner Montgomery st.
STRONG boy. 116 Geary st.
WAITER wanted at 1981 Market st.
GENERAL store manager; 2 eellnrmen, wine
house; resta'nt bookkeeper, to-day. 313 Bush.
DELIVERY driver and collector, wholesale
liquor house to-day; store watch'n. 313 Bush.
DAY hotel clerk, married, to-day; storage-
hoUae packer; auction-room clerk. 313 Bush.
CROCKERY, gla«s and tinware packer to-day;
young man, wholesale house. 31S Bush st.
PHYSICIAN'S bookkeeper and collector; also
strictly reliable and sober Janitor to-da«r. 313
Bush st.
IF BOY 13 to 16 wants good home, to travel and
wait on gentleman for clothing and found,
ariOress Immediately, with stamp for answer,
J., box 9, ("all office. Oakland.
WANTED— CoaI oil canvassers. Apply F. B.
JOYCE, Oil Company, Seventh and King sis.
SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing. Call at
871 Market st.
WANTED— Young man for office without ex-
perience, $40 per month; new firm; $100 cash
security. Send full particulars, M., box 175,
Call.
WANTED— 3 good coat-makers, also pressman
on pants at U. S. Tailor shop, 189 Jessie st.
WANTED— Experienced person to train a bull
terrier pup. «Apply 1530 Fell St.
JEWELERS wanted. 328 Bush st.
| STRONG boy with experience to learn car-
i riage blacksmtthing; references. 828 Harrison.
i RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men. between th« Kges of, 21 and
30 years, who axe citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
i good character and habits and able to speak,
I read and write English, and be between S
j feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office. 20
Ellis tt., San Francisco, Cal.
; BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
I ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
CANVASSER wanted for Saturday; latest war
novelty; something new; a good seller. H.
j LAWRENSON. Jeweler, S Market st.
MEN'S tine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
I soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
I that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
I runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
j rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HELP WASTED- Continued.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 13S'i Eighth st.
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room, 26c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room;
free bus an.l baggage to and from the ferry.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free EmploynV t ToFfice^ S.
FLIHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Alaska, Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 504 Davis st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission,
men to take rooms; toe. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 057 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 2f.c a night; $1 a week.
AGENTS WASTED.
BUY war novelties here; newest goods, bottom
prices; enameled flag pins. 20c dozen; double
silk flag bows, 24c dozen; Dewey flag and
cartridge, pills, 32c dozen; 38-callb»r pills. 41c
i'."ze;:; lr.rge flag, hinged front, with words:
"To H— ll With Spain, Remember the Maine."
I 40c dozen; bullet pins, 12c dozen; miniature
photos of war heroes In metal frames, 30c a
dozen; I have 500 different kinds of badges,
flagH. medallions, pictures, etc., all at whole-
sale prices, large or small lots, assorted as
desired, 100 to 500 per cent profit; sample line,
$1; I ship every order same day received; try
me or send name and address for big cata-
logue, free! illustrating 200 best sellers; get
ready for July 4 and a big boom. L. N.
CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver st., Boston, Mass.
WANTED— Men and women In every town to
work for us at their homes
NO CANVASSING.
We will send you work Immediately. We
have several lines of work to give out, some
of which requires no experience whatever. If
you can't devote *he whole dny to our work
you can earn $5 or $6 a week by working ar
hour or two of an evening. Enclose stamp,
we will send you full instructions free of
charge. Standard Art Manufacturing Com-
pany, 61 Standard building, 142 West Twenty-
third St., New York.
SALESMEN— SIOO a mo., expenses, selling to
merchants and families our machines for cool-
ing refrigerators; guaranteed 75 % cheaper
than ice. For particulars address Arctic Re-
frigerating Co., Cincinnati, O.
! CLERGYMEN and theological students wanted
to act as agents In each locality for the Dic-
tionary of the Blb!e. Write at once for par-
ticulars, CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS, 121
Phelan building, San Francisco.
A' :TS for "Our Naval War With Spain";
splendidiv Illustrated; only authentic book to
be published: free outfit nowready; acto.uick.
National Pub. Co., Lakeside bldfr.. Chicago.
LADIES or gentleman to sell Rand-MoNally's
war atlas: price only 25 cents; one agent sold
100 first day. E. D. BRONSON & CO., 933
Market St.
NEVER before hay» lady agents made such
large sales; something that takes. The
"Hello" Co., 247 Larkin st.. parlors 6 and 7.
AGENTS wanted for crayon portraits. 206
Kearny St., room 603.
PARTNERS WASTED.
YOUNG an active partner with few hundred
dollars in established grocery' and bar: Catho-
lic preferred; references leading wholesale
houses; would take inexperienced man if
| active. Address box 164. Call office.
HOUSES WASTED.
WANTED, in a good locality, a well-furnished
flat uf :, or 6 roomy. Address box 27i-. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
FURNISHED rooms for 2 medical students,
with private family. Call 1023 Market st.
SUITE of furnished rooms wanted for doctor's
office; central. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— Suite of 4 furnished rooms for den-
tal parlors; central. 1023 Market st.
FURNISHED room wanted for Eastern par-
ties at once. 1023 Market Bt.
WANTED— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping by a young couple; no children; we
have a piano, and wife would exchange work
or music lessons to children for rent. Ad-
dress S. A., box 192, Call office.
WANTED — By a man, a furnished room in a
private family between Hyde and Powell,
Broadway and Pine sts. Address box 142, Call.
FURNISHES room in private house, with use
of piano, for young lady employed during
day. Address MISS F. 8.. Vallejo. Cal.
A PIANIST wants 2 unfurnished rooms In ex-
change fnr lessons. Address box 316. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
BUSINESS man wants board and room neigh-
borhood Geary and Fillmore; state full par-
ticulars. Address box I!-:. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— Furniture for 6 rooms. 1123 How-
ard St.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery rt.: hle-hest price paid. Tel. Davis 71.
WASTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
GRADUATE dentist will exchange work for
anything useful. Box 326, Call office.
AMATEUR musicians to Join social orchestra.
A. MATHILY. 328 Bush st.
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, letter press,
coffee mill. Box 345. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AS vacation is here, freight being low, 5 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTA7. &
Si 'X, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st., Chickering agents.
LADY going Ea6t, must have cash, and her
elegant $500 upright Is offered at great sacri-
fice. Can be seen at room 12, Flood building.
CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary st.. cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover agts.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Stelnway,
Neuman, others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St., next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER &. CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for fl 60, postage
free.
HORSES.
$150 WILL buy th« fastest pacer In city with
elegant side bar bugsy and harness; rig worth
$:.0o; must sell- make offer; lady can drive
her; or exchange for lot or diamonds. 1123
Mission st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
10 CAMPING horses cheap: wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
EXECUTRIX SALE.
Two wagons (large express), 1 buggy, 8 car-
riages and 10 horses and harness, belonging to
the estate of GUISEPPE FABBRI. must be
sold at once. Apply 402 Montgomery St., A.
RUEF, attorney for administratrix.
WANTED — A one-horse baker wagon; must be
In good condition. Apply 32 Sixth st.
20, TEN and four-passenger wagonettes,
leather' top hack, physician's coupe and vil-
lage cart suitnble for country. O'BRIEN &
SONS. Golden Gate aye. and Polk st.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 flue top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2B Harrison st.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagons; cheap. Bull's
Head Repository, Fifteenth and Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
PERSONALS.
KIND gentleman, 40, strictly moral, fond of
traveling, speaking 5 languages, having large
real estate, wishes acquaintance lady or
widow, fair income; no agents. Box 279, Call.
JOS.EPH HART, who was at the Caslar Mines,
B. C, 1877. send address. P. F. TRIPP.
Santa Rosa, Sonoma County. Cal.
_^^ ■^ MATRIMONY __
SEND 12c for reliable matrimonial paper. Ad-
dress "Wedding Bell," 111 Ellis St., S. F.
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legitimate matrl-
monlal assn. west of Chicago: details free.
BUSINESS i ERSONAL9.
AT LINCOLN BROS. —
Cash grocers, 226 Sixth St.; 2 lbs coffee, 25c;
4 lbs codfish, 25c; 2 lbs new cheese, 25c; 1 lb
fine tea, 25c; 3 cans choice apricots, ,25c; pic-
nfc hams, 7c lb; 17 lbs best granulated sugar,
$1; flour, $1 25 a sack. LINCOLN BROS.
MME. DELLA FAUST has removed to her new
store; hair dressing, 25c; bleaching and dye-
ing; artistic hair work, scalp treatment and
everything pertaining to a first-class hair
business. 240 Stockton St., near Post.
DO not use a stiff, hard-pointed brush on your
hair; let me dress it lor 25c; good switches,
$1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra heavy,
long, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per n!f:ht; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
LATEST magical novelties, puzzles, conjuring
tricks; magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY,
765 Market st. . •-'--.--.
$60 CASH prize for best story sent before
August 15. Literary Bureau, "Bonaventure,"
" Denver, Colo.
USE Quinonla Hair Tonic; It will prevent
dandruff. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LADIES— Monthly Regulator never fails;
box free. Mrs. B. Rowan, Milwaukee, Wis.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
MAGICAL performances given for all occasions;
magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY. 309 Sixth.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
O'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads .taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
TYPEWRITERS.
LOT of second-hand Smith Premiers, Reming-
tons, Densmores. Callgraphs and Rem-Shos,
taken as part payment for Oliver typewriters,
will be sold at a bargain during the month.
FRED W. VAUGHAN & CO., room 9, ro-
tunda Mills building.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgmry.
YOST, good order.. $23; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will rev»al every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, ■ recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells, your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c, gentssl; palm, andclair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. .J. MOORE. 1346 Market St.;
trance medium; unites the separated; changes
luck; locates burled treasures; letters an-
swered; inclose stamp.
MME. LENEMAR; fortunes told by. planets;
predicted in '74 overdue steamer on island.
23& Sixth st. •
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant. 41 Mmna
st. : basement.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader, re-
turned:. ladles, 2fjc; gents, 50c. 951 Mission st.
MME. KETCHUM, clairvoyant and card
reader. 105 Stockton st., room 5.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73. Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St.. room 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
• advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c, ladles. 914 O'Farr»ll st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession: never fails; advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. A. A. BLAKE, business medium; read-
ings from 10 to 4. 153 Polk st.
MRS. C. F. WALTHAM, spiritual healer and
medicated cabinet baths. 453 Polk st.
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing- me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.: read-
Ings, $1; cir. Tues., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat. 8; 25c.
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium, 311 Main; slck-
ness a specialty; circles Friday, 2 p. m., 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402^ Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER — Free lecture Sunday, 3
p. m.. 305 Larkin; readings. 863 Geary st.
LOST. -——.
LOST — $5 . reward for return to 1011 Sutter st.
of pair ladles' fine "shoes, lost on 12th inst!
from Morton delivery wagon, near Hyde and
• Sutter sts. . ■
LOST— Thursday, Tune 16, altar boy's surplice;
name J. O.Reilly on inside. Return to St.
Rose's Church, or 2U3 Perry St.; reward.
LOST— Petition in behalf of Arthur Reavls.
Return same to J. Keoueh's saloon, 1943
Market st., and receive liberal reward.
LOST — 4 weeks apo during absence from the
city, white and - brown foxterrier: name
Fritz. Return and receive reward, 1301 Gough.
PARTIES that picked up parrot cor. Hyde and j
Bush sts., Saturday afternoon, please return I
Ie 1135 Bush st. '
LOST — An Irish setter; color red. A suitable
reward will be given. to whoever returns him
to 2905 Twenty-fourth St.
LOST Near Van Ness and Pacific ayes., a
black, white and tan setter bitch. Return to
2432 Jackson St., reward.". ' '
LOST— Minute book: Friday morning; Castro-
st. ' car. 2626 Market st.; reward.
— June IS, ', small diamond screw earring.
Finder return to 526 Stevenson st. ; reward.
FRIDAY, June 10, gold : thimble, gift of de-
ceased parent; reward. 1915 Eddy st. .—
THE lady who . picked •up purse on Sixth-st.
cars will please return to 2703 Mariposa st.
and avoid trouble. ■"■  '
LOST— pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the >
name of EDWARD : PALMER. No. 164,194.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of • San Francisco, In the
name of ANDREW J. HUDSON. No. 155,033.
The finder will please return to bank.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. I Book-
keeping, ' business' practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy/languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
u ates placed since 1892; -catalogue.
AT the ■ School of Elocution and . Expression;
. first floor over the Alcazar Theater: summer
: term begins this month; for . teachers and
> students; 1-5 p. m. daily. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID. Principal. ,
AYRES' Business College, 723 * Market st. :
: Individual : instruction In s shorthand, . typing,
bookkeeping, -telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
. ship, $50; low rates per. week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and ' rapid calculations; a
• course in Tarr's counting ' room makes you
thorough. Room '572.' 856 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Perry. Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 2407 B. Atherton.
nr. Charming way; Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School : civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; ; day &'■ eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN PER , NAILLEX, 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught in one month; references;
> private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
LADY - wishes < to ■ exchange dictation; ' Pitman.
Box 96, Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— KREDO & CO. :—: — — 22 ! - Geary~s_
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
Nursery $4300— Laundry
450— Florist 2000 Dying Works
750— Millinery 2000— Wood an Coal
750— Real Estate 2000— Hay and Grain
325 barber Shop i IWi— Quartz Mill
250— Fruit-Poultry I Shooting Gallery
Corner Saloon | 330— Cigar stand.
A^-?1200; ' prosperous plumbing,- gas-fitting busl-
nees; stock will invoice *200<j. KREDO & CO.
$2000: ' bakery and coffee parlors; Gaily receipts \
$40 to $50; all counter trade; also JBOO and $400 _>
bakery. KREDO &.CO., --^ Geary st. ' "
A—J6OO;A — J600; roadhoure near city: 2" rooms, danca
hall; worth $1000; must well. KREDO & CO.
! $2000— Drug store: chance of a lifetime for a
I practical druggist. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
' A— sl2oo; grocery and bar; fine business corner;
' monthly receipts $1000; present owner 14 years.
KREDO & CO., -'-'-a Geary st.
I A BARGAIN.
I FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE— One of .the fin-
! est health resorts and most valuab! aiftl beau-
tiful properties in Sonoma Co. ; fine large hotel;
running water and trout; cottages; mineral
warm springs; beautiful scenery; vineyard
and farm land: numerous buildings, etc.,
comprised in the premises, and in perfect
repair; immediate possession given. Apply
to C. N. HARRIS. 321 Montgomery St., San
Francisco.
I $300— PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
' not required; trial given: $20 to $."0 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary St., room 2.
$200— PARTNER wanted; suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a "ve-k: trial
given; short hours: duties light. 31 Third St.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
$1500 CASH— Active partner; merchandise com-
' mission business; good connections estab-
lished;- sell wholesale trade only; carry no
stock; good business capable of great. expan-
sion; books open to investigators; mutual
references. D. R. C, box 141, Call office.
BAKERY and business at a sacrifice in large
town near this city; good trade; 2 wagons; 4
horses, fixtures of store, etc. low rent; leas*
Mill sell for $550; don't miss it. Apply 410
Montgomery St., room 2.
RESTAURANT and bar; fine location; good
trade; old established; trial given; this is no
fake: price $£50; part can remain. Apply 419
Montgomery st., room 2.
INDUSTRIOUS man *lth $500 can get hail
interest in well-established commission busi-
ness; good security given for money. Box 107,
Call office.
SOBER, steady plumber and tinsmith can taka *
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
German preferred; rent $10 month. Address
| ROSSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena.
FOR sale — Well-stocked stationery, cigar, toy
. and news agency store: bargain; sickness
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS A
WELCH, Sansome st.
$2000— COUNTRY -drug store and practice; stock
clean; no opposition; owner leaving country;
a bargain. Address at once box 292, Call.
FOR sale— lot within the Mission Valley,
about 15 minutes' ride from city Hall; prlc*
$250. Address N. A., box 163, Call office.
MONEY — Make big money and travel; $500 re-
quired; am experienced; will Invest sain*
I amount. Address box 115, Call office. .
TO storekeepers — WHl' furnish driver anil ?ood
single team for city delivery; terms $3 p«r
day. Box H>9. Call office.
FOR sale 2 old established groceries and bars;
price. $2500 and $1250. Box 201. Call office.
FOR rent — Furnished restaurant; board taken
for rent; central. Box 189, Call office.
WORKING partner with $25; good proposi-
tion. Box 165, Call office.
LADY performer wants lady or gentleman
partner with $250. Business, concert hall.
Box 280, Call office.
WINE business, producing and dealing; owning
* vineyard; partner with means by experienced
man to establish safe, profitable business;
references. Box 335, Call office.
FOR — Carriage woodworking business;
place nicely fitted up for the sale of car-
riage material and manufacturing. Call an!
investigate. 332 Thirteenth st.
FINE band of dairy cows must be sold, includ-
ing milk route established ten years. E. H.
I STEELE, 1812 Bush St.
$300— PARTNER wanted: good paying laundry;
route 2 wagons; clears each $20 to $30 per
week; no experience required. Box 281, Call.
FOR — Grocery and bar; on account of:
sickness. Apply Call office.
GRAND chance for man and wife; branch ba-
kery and restaurant; satisfactory reasons for
selling. Apply at 300 Hayes st.
SALOON for sale near the Junction of Market
st. : fine place for man and wife. Apply at .IV
Valencia st. ,z ___:
CIGAR stand near Call, Examiner and Chron-
icle; cheap; account other business. 33 Third.
PARTY with $10,000 can buy Interest in ex-
ceptional drug store. Address box 563, Call.
WANTED buy country saloon; price not
above $400; no agents. Box 318, Call office.
FOR Sale— Shoe store; -well established; cheap.
1348 Valencia st.
GROCERY and bar cheap; 4 living rooms. Ap-
ply box 303, Call office.
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab-
lished business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquire Call Office.
$800 CASH— Home cooking and delicatessen
business; trade established; paying well; all
modern; to good cook bonanza. Box 320, Call.
SALOON— 34OO Mission St.. corner Thirtieth.
CORNER saloon for sale. Inquire Chicago
Brewery, 1420 Pine st.
SHOE store and repairing for sale. 4102 Nine-
teenth st., near Castro.
SHOOTING gallery and cigar stand, doing
good business, cheap. Call at 815 Kearny st.
FOR sal«! Call ' route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to XX.
F. PIERCE, San Jose
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO. '3, 415 Sacramento st.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
LODGING HOUStiS FOR SALE. •
A— KREDO & CO. --~ — -22H Geary~s!u
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; all sizes; all prices.
6 rooms; flat; free rent $129
7 rooms; Geary St.; elegant; new 225 •
8 rooms; Jones St.; clears $20.. 22S
9 rooms; sunny and pleasant; clears $25... 275
9 rooms; Mlfsion-st. corner S5O
9 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor st... 350
Many large houses from 50 to 500 rooms, too
numerous to mention. . KREDO & CO., 22^i
Geary st.
DECKER'S BARGAINS. *
ALL SIZES ANn PRICES.
FOR CASH PAYMENTS OR EXCHANGE.
24 rooms; transient; clears $150 500
25 rooms on Market; clears $100 Mt<
86- room house; 2 fronts; offer. wanted..... ..i"4j
• 4 20-room houses; from $HOO to * 1SO(»
3 60-room houses: from $1400 to 3000
7-room flat on Geary st 250
■ H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 6th.
32-ROOM; corner" house; rooms all rented; sell
at a bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
-7 rooms; Geary st.; new furniture $250
15 rooms; part cash, balance payments.. 450
21 rooms; rent $23; income $100 500
26 rooms; corner: part cash 925
40 rooms; rent $65: investigate this... 500
67 rooms; rent $125; a money maker 1600 -v
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
ONE . of , the best lodging houses in Oakland;
entrance on two streets; excellent transient
trade; 40 rooms: completely furnished; rent
very low; newly renovated; for sale as a
whole for the next six Jays; if not sold, will
be sold at auction; account of owner going
to Dawson. Inquire M. MARCUSE. 9li
Broadway.
f?yo — —
Private family hotel of 64 rooms: full of
steady roomers; owner going to Klondike;
will take good trade and half cash; a big
bargain; no agents. Address box 1303. Call.
CENTRAL, nicely furnished: full of roomers;
! 16-rm. house: paying. Shoe store, 250 O'Farrell.
~~ FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale— Furniture :of 14 rooms; can rent
house cheap. Apply at 11.' South Park.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FREIGHT GUARANTEED TO~D A WSOn!
First-class steamer sailing immediately for
' St. Michael with . guaranteed river connec-
tions; 250 tons space In large or small lots at
reasonable rates; also accommodation for 10
passengers. Write or call . at. once, , Yukon
River Steamboat Co., room 8, "632 Market st.
WANTED— to try our condensed
pea soup cake, "Roma"; it Is delicious; keeps
for years: prevents scurvy; It Is very cheap:
one plate, 1 cent: send for sample.. 315 Shot-
well st.
ATTO RNEYS AT LA W.
ADVICE free on all "Tegal~niaTterai! T. Fv
STACK, 14 McAllister St., room 64.
ADVICE 'free; no charge unless successful.
; W. -W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases. Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open «v. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bids., 927 Mar-
- ket; I consultation . free ; jno fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all . le_al matters. T. F.
' STACK. 14 McAllister St.. room 64. J''-/ ,
:'tJ\ PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and resident*,
1106 Market; diseases of women- a specialty. CITY REAL ESTATE.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
R«al Estate Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery Street.
„, -_- WATER FRONT CORNER.
WA6OQ— To close an estate; corner on Drumm
*!;• near Market; 30x75, with an L 25x25:7; old
improvements.
A SPLENDID INVESTMENT CORNER.
♦ — To close an estate; 3-story building;
Pl J e o'^; concrete basement and 2 upper floors,
?■ , ' '- -_""F ry and basement bay-window houses;
» ■»°, 6X ',4:, 4: corner on 2 prominent streets north
of Market st.
Kkk. DOWN-TOWN RESIDENCE.
$10,000— O'Fa_rrell st. ; close in town; nice bay.
jynapw residence of 12 rooms and bath; rente
$60; 25x137:6.
FILLMORE-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$M)so— l-siory building used as a butcher shop;
rents $40; • 2 flats could be built above and be
made a very good-paying investment; 25x100. -
CALIFORNIA-ST. RESIDENCE.
#7000 — 2-story and basement residence of 8
rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; 26x132
-MUST BE SOLD— THREE MODERN FLATS.
$7000— 3 nice fiats "of 6. 5 and 4 rooms, bath,
laundry, etc., each; rents $800 per annum; 2Sx
87;6; Post st. ; no reasonable offer refused.
BRODERICK-ST. LOT.
$3SOO— A gooii lot "for flats, '.try finely situ-
ated; 65:4,Vix100; sunny lot for 6 or 4 elegant
flats. . "
BUSINESS CORNER ON PACIFIC ST.
$4300 — Double cbttage of 6 and 5 rooms and
bath each-; .rents $38; stores can be put under-
neath; good cellar; lot 45x60; both streets ac-
cepted.
HOME IN WESTERN ADDITION— VERY
• •• CHEAP.
$3300— *Steir.er St.; a nice 2-story bay-window
residence of 7 rooms and bath; stone walks,
brick foundation, etc.; street accepted; very
nice location.
'-'■ MISSION RESIDENCE CHEAP.
$3000— Nice 2-story bay-window residence of
7 rooms; brick foundation, etc.; 25x100; half a
block from Mlssl6n-st electric cars.
COZY COTTAGE— ADDITION.
$29iK)— Nice cozy bay-window cottage of 6
rooms and bath; brick foundation, etc.: street
accept! : stone sidewalks; nice location on
*»< Bt st. . easy terms.
A GOOD MISSION INVESTMENT.
$125u— 2 cottages of 4 rooms each; rents $17
per nth; large lot, 60x122:6; handy to both
Valencia and MiS6lon-St. cars.
'
,. .„ A CHEAP LOT.
$22oO— Page St.; 25x100; this is a snap.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE. I
$20>OO— Near Pacific and Powell sis.; 2 flats
and lots.
CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
$2000— A good corner on Geary st. ; 31:4\x125,
store and Hats would pay a big interest.
MISSION WARM BELT.
$?00 each— Very easy terms; building lots, 2.'x
125, at Twentieth and Hartford sts.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords." which contains a list of properties for
Bale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
A RECORD OF SUBSTANTIAL ~~
HOME PROSPERITY.
Three weeks a£o we advertised 6 new
houses being built in the Heyman Tract.
Only 3 weeks ago, mind you. and to-day we
have but 1 left. It is a comfortable, mod-
ern cottage, with street work all done, and.
best of all, can be paid for with your regu-
lar rent money. If you are a rentpayer
and would only come to a realization of
how little you get in return for the rent you
pay, you would be taking immediate steps
to secure this, the last of our 6 new houses. !
You pay for it with the same rent money
you now throw away. Or if this cottage
doesn't- suit you. we are building others.
The Heyman Tract can be reached by tak-
ing Mission-st. cars, transferring to Twen-
ty-second st. to Hoffman aye. Ask for Mr.
James Cotter, resident agent, who will show
you around. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery St., will give all particulars.
RICHMOND lots— 2 fine level building lots on
Ninth aye. and California St.: 25x120 each-
slo monthly; cheap. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery- st.
1 BLOCK of level land, as a whole or In lots;
1 block from -.-< trie road; suitable for chick-
en ranch or dairy'; at a bargain: $10 monthly.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$100— LOTS in Sunset District, Golden Gate
Park, on $5 monthly payments. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$13 35 MONTH will buy a neat new 4-room-and-
fciath cottage, . .th level lot; only $50 down;
electric cars close by. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO. "" ~~
Returned from temporary offices to 513 Cali-
fornia et.
IMPROVED.
$12.f-00— Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:Hx137:6; with house.
O'Farrell, nr. Jones; 22x65:9; rent $35; cheap.
-Washington, nr. Mason; 20x137:6; rents
$10.600— Cor. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
$15.000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x12u to Lin-
den aye.
$SOtrf> — Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 flats, 13 rooms; rent $57.
-Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77:6.
$5500— Ccr. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:6.
$souO— Page. :;:. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
rooms and bath.
14500 — Lombard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house Of
10 rooms and th; marine view.
14500 — Filbert, Dr. Taylor: 2i xtitt; rent $46.
U2 '0— Shoiwell, nr. 24tii; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$25<X»— 3d aye., nr. Clement ft.; 25x120; cottage.
Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60; improved.
$5000— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x84:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23xC0; cottage and
stable.
UNIMPROVED.
$23<t<3 — Stelner, nr. Oak; 25x100.
$1400 — Filbert, nr. Varennes: 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks. nr. 26th: 25i125.
Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
25x120; Boyce und Rose aye.; 3 lots.
25x55; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14ih; 4 lota.
-Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x30.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$^5CO— An excellent double flat of 7 and 7
rooms and bath each in the best portion of
the Western Addition.
$2000— (May be less); lot 25x80, with house,
near Sixth and Harrison sts.; a Bnap.
$6000, reduced from $5500— Rent $60; good
business corner on Clay St.
$4000— Formerly $5500; fine residence, with
good business future.
$£500— Formerly 18000; a first-class double
Hut of 6 and 7 rooms each at the Mission.
$4.50 for a splendid house and lot 25x110:
Golden late Park, near Baker st.
$17,000 — Mission st., near Sixteenth; a splen-
did property; lot 62:6x105, all covered with
improvements.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$42,600— St., near Market; large lot;
well Improved; stores and flats,
$32.500— Eddy St., near Market; centrally lo-
cated; store and flats.
HAS A GREAT FUTURE.
$25,500 — A very prominent corner lot, 65x100;
well improved: paying 8 per cent.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
$16,000— Rent $160; a 2-corner house of 42
rooms and 6 baths.
$5750— Rent $60, 4 flats on Geary st. Tot
25x123.
$oboo— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary st.
tlllGO — Rent $25: a double flat; a rooms be-
low and 6 rooms UDHtairs.
$30,0C<J — Rent -•0; stores and flats; never va-
cant.
$14,600 will buy a McAlllster-st. property;
' 2 stores and 2 flats; I blocks from City Hall.
A SNAP. r.v i
$1000 cash, balance on mortgage, will buy a
lot 18x100, with a 2-story house and stable,
three blocks from new City Hall.
SUBSTANTIAL modern dwelling; fine grounds;
choice view; good neighborhood; 908 Guerrero
St., near Twenty-first; 9 rooms, bath, base-
ment, furnace; 34x117:6.*t0 rear street.
-Cottage, 5 rooms, bath. in good order;
Florida St.. near Twenty-second; 25x100.
(2200— House, 6 rooms and bath; Eighteenth
St., near Mission; 24x92; $1500 can stand on
mortgage.
$4500— A neat home; Capp st., near Nine-
teenth; 8 rooms, bath, stable, tank, yard, well;
3.">xU'2:6; part cash.
• $.WjO— Flat and store, with oven for bakery;
Seventeenth st., near Noe; street accepted;
2.'xil:6.
$750— Lots on Twelfth aye., near I St.; street
graded and sewered; 2;"..v]20.
$650— A bargain; Twenty-eighth St., near
Church; 25:5x114. tmm
- $1001)— Harrison at., near Twenty-first: 2.->x122:8.
j3(V)O— Diamond, near Twenty-fourth; 3 flats;
~s3<V-Laldley st. well located, near electrJo
cars; 25x100.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
DAVID STERN & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
636 MARKET STREET.
$30,000— Elegant corner; new improvements; j
O'Farrell. near Taylor; rents $202 60.
$12,500— Elegant new residence; suitable for 1
physician; Post, near Polk; 10 rooms, bath. etc.
$12.500— Choice business property; Geary, near
La«una: rents $100; 34:4x137:6.
$2880— Elegant marine view; Devisadero. near \
Vallejo; 32x103. i
FINE business property: worth $SOO front foot;
538 Howard St.; going at a sacrifice; less than !
1180 a front, foot; see confirmation of sale j
before Judge Troutt Monday. June 20. IS9B,
at 10 a. m. Inquire of W. J. HERRIN, 324
Pine it. : '
LOTTA st., near the Affiliated Colleges, and
Stanyan st. ; 75 feet from Parnassus aye.
t-lectric line; a cheap lot; will build any I
kind of house on any kind of terms. W. W.
REDNALL. builder. 1326 Hayes st.
FOR sale— -Twenty- first st, near Bryant, a new
• 7-room cottacre, with all modern Improve-
ments' will be completed in a few weeks.
Apply In building or to J. FLAHERTY,
builder, 127 Market St., near Eighth.
WILL build for $2200; house of 2 flats, mantles,
plumbing, gas fixtures, complete. GEORGE
M BALSBURY, Builder, 521 X St., Sunset
Dif— • t.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSS. 626 Market st.
Must Eell to close estate; an 'elegant inside !
property on Pine st., between Larkln and i
| Polk; 25x137:6; I buildings; only 55500 asked. |
$7500— McAllister Bt.. near Flllmore; 2 large I
j flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
$5200— Rents $540; Rausch St.. near Seventh
and- Howard; 25x112.
$8000— Washington St., near Webster; 9
I rooms and bath; lot 25x128. v ; "' : - *
Must be sold— fine flats on Hayes st., near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$7000— Rents $900 per year; Paciflc-Bt. corner,
near Powell; 60x65:9.
$4000— Fifth St., near Harrison; 25x100 to rear
street; 2 houses.
$4500 — Bush St.. near Devisadero; 7 rooms
j and bath; lot 23x137:6.
Geary st., corner Broderick; elegant corner
store and flats; paying good income; lot
j 25x92.
'-Twenty-fifth, near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3500— $36 per month; Clementina St.,
near Third; lot 25x80.
$3000— Cottage and lot; 21st St., near Castro;
6 rooms and bath; 25x114.
$1400 — Cottage and lot; Duncan st., near
j Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
$4000— Webster St.; near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear bouse; lot 25x84:6.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga st., near
23d: 32:6x117:6.
$2600— Utah st., nr. 16th; S rooms and lot 25x
100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavla sts., one
block off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-
half purchase can remain at 6 per cent. <
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts. : 37:6x107:7.
50 vara: Buchanan, corner of Chestnut;
$0000; 137:6x137:6.
$3000— Corner Lombard and Octavla; 46:6x100.
■ $3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
o— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8. .
$2000— St.. near Waller; 25x125.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1500— Turk St.. cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$1250— Sixteenth St., near Castro: 25x100. >--
$1000— 7 th aye.. near J St.; 25x120.
California, near Second aye; 25x100; only
$soo.
$Soo— Valparaiso, nr. Filbert & Mason; 23x60.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
FOR sale— Two very nice 6-room and bath cot-
tages; new; $250 down, balance $17 50 per mo.;
price $1500.
We also want first-class clear city property
for exchange and cash consideration.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY.
•»03 Examiner Building.
2 NEW cottages, 4, 6 rooms, bath; large lot;
Mission cars: $15 monthly, and will exchange
for outside lots. 413 Kearny st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A, First Floor.
Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100, $160 to $230: level building lots near
Mission street electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.'
__________________
SUNSET HEIGHTS U?TS\
$400. $450 to $S5O: officially graded; superb
view; $25 down, $10 monthly.
' SOL GETZ "A: BROTHER
$400, $450 TO $750; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sewered; $25 down,
$10 monthly. ■ SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker buildlna.
i C. C. BEMIS.
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
i Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
' seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$.. to— Good corner for store; must be sold; |
lot 52:4x60 feet.
— '•' ; x:27:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
; ing the Presidio and bay.
' 50-vara on Page st. : panhandle of park.
1300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
st.; 108x96 feet.
i , ,
SEE 'em to-day — New 4. 5 and 7-room houses;
easy rental terms. W. A. HICKS, builder, !
I A'*adia St.. .Funnvside Tract.
I *— "^ **"— *~ ~ ~ — — — — —^ — . — — i— —
I PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE for Santa Cruz mountain home;
city business property: rents IW;. price $7000;
take place valued at $4000: balance mortgage:
I. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land. Improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses: full line farming. Imple- I
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and !
beans: good road: near station: will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENS~N, 158 Third.
TO exchange for improved or unimproved
property in the city or Oakland, a first-class
10-acre ranch in Marin County; all under
cultivation: value $1600. Apply to MRS. M.
K. SMITH. 264 San Carlos avenue.
PROPERTY WANTED.
I WANT a nice llttla piece of business prop-
erty, corner preferred, on or east of Polk,
and between Sutter and Market: value $7000
to $14, 0f*. JULIF.N SMITH, Real Estate
Air, r.t. 420 Montgomery St.. rooms .3, 14. I',.
MONEY. WANTED.
$1500 WANTED on Berkeley property and 200
acres land near Ukiah: cost $3300; good secu-
rity at 8 per cent Interest In advance, Ad-
'lr-'f R.. box 114. Call office.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
! cheap: repairing guaranteed. IMB Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.'
AT.L kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented-
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. '
proposals! ■
j NOTICE TO^CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to" an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego. California no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposal*
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24, IS9B. for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of th» cen *
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.
Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnlshin<» the
materials and performing the labor neces-
Fary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit: 1. For the masonry work
including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing: 2. for the lion work; 3, for the carpenter
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4 for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work: 6 for the
tinning and galvanized Iron work; 6 for
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with a bond of such proposer
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
.- •''■.ned that If his proposal shall be* ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
tract.
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and. together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed in
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal School of P»n Dif>go, with an
indorsement thereon showing what portion
| of the building Is covered by the inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego. California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24. 1898.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon will be made on
June 24, 1898. p.t 10 o'clock a. m.. at room 35
Fisher Opera-house block, in- San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 25 per cent ■•: the contract price
for the faithful and > proper performance of
i hi* contract.
The plans and ?peclfir?.tlons of said build-
ing can be seen during business hours at the
office of Hebba*-' 1 _ Gill, architects. Grant
building:, San Dieiro, California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
By W. R. GUY. President Board Trustees.
Attest: P.OBERT C. JONES. Secretary.
BIDS Wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
I sealed proposals will be received by th* Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 820 Sansome st.,
! San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday. June 25, IS9S, and opened imme-
d iately thereafter in the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
and commissary supplies for trie Veterans'
Home. Napa County, Cal. (railroad station
! Yountville), for the six months commencing
July 1, 1888, and ending December 31, 1898.
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. .Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less It Is In accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
I certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
' C Currier, treasurer, conditioned that, the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon ' notice of acceptance as required \
bylaw ' The board reserves the right to :
reiect any or all bids and to order any quan- !
fttv over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, 6; .etary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome
et San Francisco, Cal. By order of the
Board of Directors. SCOVILLEi SecreUry ;
Boara oi mk» j SCOVILLE( Secretary.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 189 S.
city real estate.
Baldwin & howell,
real estate agents.
McAllister street business prop-
erty. MUST BE SOLD.
$13,000 — Fine 3-story building; Btore and Cats;
extra large lot; 55x137:6; only partially im-
proved, and rents $105; mortgage $10,500.
$100 CASH, BALANCE $15 MONTHLY.
$1500 — Nice cottage on Diamond St., close to
Castro and Chenery; contains 5 rooms and bath.
$6Soo— Broderick St., nr. California; 2 mod-
ern flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; rent
$62 50; lot 27:6i55.
$20,000— Rent $147 50; always rented; substan-
tial brick improvements; Clay st., bet. San-
s..:ne and Montgomery; large lot, 36 feet front-
age.
$3250— Very attractive home on Stanyan st. ;
nr. Seventeenth; good view of the Park and
Golden Gate; good cottage of G rooms and bath;
concrete foundation, etc.: lot 25x1^7:6.
SSsoo— Mortgage $4500; handsome 2-story and
basement residence on Pacific Heights, con-
taining 10 rooms and all conveniences; extra
large lot: 27:6x137:6; will exchange equity for
unineumbered property.
$^rvu_Offer wanted: rent $47; Pine St.. nr.
Franklin; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each: also cottage on rear street; lot has two
lrontages.
$22,500— Golden Gate aye.; corner of promi-
nent street; large lot: 40x90; improvements con-
sist of flats and 2 stores; rents $177 50.
$3000— Tehama St., nr. Eighth: 2-story frame
building, containing S rooms; also 2-story house
of 8 rooms in. rear; rent $35; lot 26x75.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
30 Montgomery st.
SOME CHEAP LOTS
.... _ SOUTH OF THE PARK
$F,oO— Thirty-sixth aye., near M st.; 250XP0
$326— Corner of M st. and Thirty-sixth aye.;
182:6x100. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
_ , 14 Montgomery st.
tor sale or exchange— The hotel and summer
resort known as Tocaloma. Marin County; open
the year round; railroad station on place; hotel
of SO rooms and cottages completely furnished-
gas and water; bar and billiard room; doing a
good business; price on application.
$13 25 per acre— A good stock, grain and dairy
farm of SOO acres, near Napa; good improve-
ments and good crop.
$16 25 per acre— 6ls acres; 12 miles from Oak-
lan!. In Alameda County; about 240 acres now
in grain, with a good crop; can farm 400 acres;
balance good pasture land, well watered, with
good improvements and stock and tools; this is
a bargain.
)8500 — For 210 acres near Ben Lomond, Santa
Cruz County; 65 acre apple orchard, with a
big crop; balance grain and vegetable land,
with Rood improvements; stock and tools.
Good paying fruit orchard of 244 acres,
near Coif ax. Placer County; good improvements
and stock and tools.
$15 per acre— looo acres near Ferndale, Hum-
boldt County: fine stock and dairy ranch, with
40 head of cows, stock and tools; will exchange.
Call for bargains.
A A A
Beautiful country home; sacrificed; about 3
acres of land highly improved; large, fine lawn;
lovely fountain, handsome shrubbery, climbing
roses, stately oaks with trunks covered with
Ivy; graveled walks and driveway: hedge of
tine poplars 70 feet high; mountain trout stream
in rear of lot; full bearing fruit trees galore,
cherry, apricot, peach, pear, prune, plum, nec-
tarine, quince, apple; house of 12 rooms, bath;
stationary washstands; cement basement usei
tor wine cellar; handsomest curly redwood
finish; large barn for 4 cr 6 honses; large car-
riage room and hay loft: only half mile from
court house in Santa Rosa; cost over $20,000;
$16,000 refused four years ago; offered this week
for $6000.
For Sale— 7o acres good land in Contra Costa
County; J6OO.
160 acres in Alameda County, $960. You won't
get such snaps soon as;nin.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
4u3 Examiner building.
220 ACRES FOR $5000.
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley "in mining district. McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery .-t., S. F.
KiO acres, near Cottonwood, Tehama County,
18 acres in vineyard, S acres in orchard; bal-
ance hay and pasture land: well improved;
price $65"X1. McAFEE BROTHERS.
Finely improved vineyard property, near
Calistoga: 100 acres for $11,700; would consid-r
exchange for one-half: balance cash. McAFEE
BROS., 108 Montgomery Bt.
(40 ACRES choice redwood and tan oak timber
and fruit land at $6 per a^re; worth double
the timber alone. Address X., box 114,
■ •
$650— RANCH of 160 acres on road. 10 miles
from Uklah; small house; barn; young or-
chnrd end grain Re!«; SO acres in oak and
wood. Address R., box 114. Call office.
BARGAIN— S6SOO; 155 acres 7 miles from Los
: 25 acres in choice fruit: 23 acres hay;
vineyard; pasture; abundant timber; springs;
rich - • . barn, farming tools, horses,
etc.; mortgage $23"O; exchange for city or ad-
perty. R. s. FALCONER & CO..
Encir.al Hall, Bay station, Alameda.
\'K HALF cash: 70 acres; Santa Cruz
Mountain home.
■ -one-third cn.=h: 140 acres early fruit;
beet: near Auburn: house, barn, etc; other
bargains. I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery.
WANTED— CIear country' property in exchange
for fine house and large lot In beautiful Ala-
meda; value $3700. R. S. FALCONER & CO.,
Bay Station, Alameda.
A — MO-ACRE stock and fruit ranch with horses
and cows; all tools; vicinity Vncaville; only
$4000: 50-page catalogue free. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market.
FOR Sale— lo acres, well improved, with new
buildings, large orchard; 1 mile from station;
3 miles to Stanford University. For par-
ticulars apply P. O. box 139, Redwood City.
No agent.
NICE HOMES
ON THE INSTALLMENT PLAN.
CHEAP
CALL AT 107 TENTH ST.
15-ACRE tractn of fine vineyard land; ohly $5
per acre; near Auburn, Placer County: $5
down, $5 monthly; a big snap. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery st.
FOR Sale— Cheap: 34 acres fine land, house and
barn in Ventura County; will sell 19 acres
separate. 255 Linden aye.
MONEY TO LOAN.
A^sl?oo<rTo' LOAN
AT « PER CENT.
Must be good San Frnnci«eo property.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain libernl advances on diamonds and jew-
elry Xt the lowest rates. Baldwin Jew-jiy
Store. 94S Market st.; U-\. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal, no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6'i per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
MONEY loaned on office and household furni-
ture and pianos; 2 per cent. P. KELLY, Real
Estate & Money Broker. 461 Sth St., Oakland.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st.
$100. coo TO loan on Income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California St.
$60 TO 160,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gageg, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market St.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates: no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want a>ls and subscriptions faken.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Offlce, 22 Mason St., bet. Market and Eddy.
FINANCIAL.
$1500 WANTED on property in Kenwood, near
Santa Rosa, valued at over $5000. Apply 420
Montgomery St., room 14.
CARPET CLEANING]
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works'; cTeanir
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr
3S and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDfNG'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson St.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works, 14 Sth st. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
<< 'i.VKI.I.VS «'iirppt-Beatlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; til. East 126.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
! :
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$600-CHEAPEST ll tthfhome In. Oakland; plain j
$600-CHEAPEST little home In Oakland; plain I
house of 5 rooms, with lot 25x100 feet; only 4 |
blocks from Broadway Station, right down
town; positively must be sold this week; $600
is Just giving it away. HUGH M. CAMERON, '
479 Ninth St., Oakland. ...
$50 DOWN and $10 per month with 7 per cent
interest will buy a stylish cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, with lot 37:6x100 feet; 2 blocks from
Telegraph-aye. electric line; full price Is' only
$1200; cost present owner $1600. HUGH M. !
CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
NO reason for paying rent when you can get
a new 3-room cottage and lot £0x125 in the !
Alvin Tract for $500 on payments of $25 down \
and $5 monthly; take Hay wards local to Elm- I
hurst and Fee those new cottages. ' JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$3000—40 ACRES in fruit near Auburn; clear; '
trade for lots In San Francisco or 2 acr-js near
Oakland; house renting property also for j
ranches. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oak- I
land.
$2500— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; modern; lot 50x110; |
clear; will sell or trade San Francisco lots or I
house. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway. Oakland.
$850— ANY terms: must be sold tots week: mod-
ern 4-room cottage with bath, hot and cold
water; basement, etc.: convenient to school
and cars; healthy location. Address G., box
12, Call office, Oakland.
FOR SALE— House 5 rooms, bath, brick foun-
dation. Owner, 962 Third St.. Oakland.
FOR Sale— ln Oakland; just completed, modern I
In design and arrangement, 2-story 7-room
house; 3 minutes from local station; lot 40x
125; surroundings the best; a bargain; terms
to suit purchaser. HERON _ HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway, Oakland.
LOTS— upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$450— New cottage of 4 rooms and lot; your
own terms.
$125 for barn, well and lot; $10 cash, $5
monthly; build your own home, or we will
build it for you; payment as rent; all streets ;
graded, some macadamized; 3 electric car lines j
and fine school near; soil, climate and view the j
very best; Allendale settlement. East Oakland; I
building up rapidly; call or send for circular, !
455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland; car- J
riage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
|4000— SUBURBAN; 2 acres bearing orchard;
new, modern 7-room cottaee; bath; city
water; location convenient to electric cars; j
everything goes; horse, buggy, hay. imple-
ments; model chicken ranch; easy terms.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., 460-462
Eighth st., Oakland.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public; property looked after. Sl4 Broadway.
$3000 TO loan on furniture, pianos, etc. AL-
I>EN-GARFIELD CO.. 002 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap: cen-
i tral; 689 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK, Oakland Pickle Fact., 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND^ FURNISHED HOUSES. "~~
FOR Rent— s7s; a strictly up-to-date residence; |
billiard hall, etc.; fine neighborhood: excel-
lent view of city, bay and ocean; convenient
to cars and trains; rooms handsomely car- .
peted and ready furniture; will rent or la asa; )
responsible parties only need apply. 11. J. i
MONTGOMERY, 1112 Broadway.
COMPLETELY furnished home on best part of
Oakland Heights to rent for the summer; fine
place: only $27 60 per month. JAMES S. NAI-
SMITH, 464 Ninth St., Oakland.
I SUNNY 8-room house; central; nice grounds,
near trains; rent $50. Box D, Call. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny tingle room; va-
cant June 1. THE ' TINE. r.f" Eighth ft.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping i
rooms, single and double rooms, $1 to $3;
suites, $2 60 to *3; transients solicited. Oriental '
Hotel. J-04 Washington, Ms block from station, j
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno- j
vated; under new management; entire satis- !
faction guaranteed: American and European i
plan; the table Is a special feature: meals 15a '
up; special rate? week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co., Props., 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR MALE.
FURNITURE r '. household goods this week. j
BCHELLHAAS' old store. 403 Eleventh St.
OAKLA-Nu DRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE ladies' tailor and dressmaker. :
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
iiiob^COTTAGEr 6 Trl>o!ns:ToT^sx_s; "close „
station and High School; street work,
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
$1300 — Modern cottage and lot In good location;
any terms; snap.
$2200— To close an estate; fine modern cottage,
5 rooms; lot 60x140; best location; $1500 can
remain.
$3500 Modern colonial cottage. 6 rooms: corner
lot; good location; very easy terms.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MO REAL & CO., 1432 Park St.,
Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE. ~~~
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE MAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $1800, $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
i been thrown on the market for i.on-payment I
i of Installments, and they are now offered at a
! great Facriflce to close accounts. They contain !
4, 6, C and 7 rooms, and are finished up to d«.te; i
: almost new, and located near schools and sta- !
! tions.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-?t. station, Alameda. .md 628 Market st., <
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
REAL BARGAIN— A nice cottage containing ;
five rooms and bath; pantry and sink room; i
a fine rear porch: also three finished rooms
in basement: gas, and city water; lot 25x150;
title good; 2246 Alameda avp., near Park St.; ]
will sell at a reasonable price: $1375. Inquire
at LATZKE. the tailor, southwest corner En-
cinal and Park sta. • .
SNAP— house and bath: lot 60x160; good j
. location; '• minutes' walk from station. Ap- |
ply to owner, 1612 Chapln st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
6-ROOM cottage completely furnished; cheap
to a good tenant. 1206 Ninth st., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
_ r ri r _ j
$1050—6 lots, 150x100, close to Peralta Park.
Christiana Tract; climate and view unsur-
passed; on line of Valley Railroad. Address
box E, West Berkeley Postofflce.
FOR RENT— Restaurant and boarding house of
11 rooms in Berkeley; close to university; a
fine place for business; rent only $30 per
month. O. G. MAY _ CO.. Real Estate. 2123
Center st., Berkeley.
8-ROOM house. 1 block from station; lot
60x137: constantly rented, $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
~ | FRUITVALH REAL ESTATE).
LOOK~aT~thls— Only $750.
Bay-window cottage of 3 rooms; hard fin-
ished: high basement; barn; 5 chicken-
houses; 140 chickens; good well; horse, har-
ness and wagon; furniture; lot 60x150 feet;
all fenced and cross-fenced. H. A. PLEIT-
NER, Fruitvale Station.
$1300— HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; barn;
chicken-house; lot 100x105 feet; all fenced and I
cross-fenced; only 3 blocks from Fruitvale I
Station. H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Sta- j
tion. : - . i
$1100— BY order of the' bank: cottage of 6 j
rooms and basement; lot 50x140 feet; located !
In East Oakland; $100 down, balance at your
j own terms. For particulars Bee H. A. PLEIT- j
NCR, Fruitvale Station. Cat.
„ - _________
DE N TI S TS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible |
plates: light and thin; warranted ten years; |
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work i
our specialty; fillings, 50c. crowns, $3 £0; all I
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- '
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132. j
NEW YORK Dentists— Full set of teeth, $6 up; ■
• painless extraction: filings, 25c up; old plates ;
• made over or mended; work warranted; ;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 969 Mis- :
slon st., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are j
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from *8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plat», moved from 6 to 20 Q'Farrell. •
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set !
of teetlt, $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work .
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even- '
Ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth. 1
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEA 'SUE,
removed to Call bl<lg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted.- DR. J.
1 W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teenth without a plate. DR. H. C.
. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ■
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly j
Call. Sent to any address -in the United :
States, ; postpaid, for $1 50 a year. ■■■ |
ELEVENTH. 10«— Branch office of Th« Call, j
Subscrlotlons and ads taken.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWX " ~
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CAPP, 612^—6 rooms and bath; low rent.
ELEGANT new houses of 6 and 8 rooms and
bath; planked basement: grand marine view;
$3600, $500 cash, $30 monthly. On Leavenworth
st., near Lombard.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st. |
FOLSOM, 2328— 8ay-windov.- house, 7 rooms,
bath and laundry; rent $23.
HICKORY aye., 184—3 rooms; nice hall; good
yard; $9.
MUST see it to appreciate; sunny modern
home; first-class condition; rent low. 2012
Pine st.
TO let — A 2-story budding, with large cemented
basement and stabling for 5 horses. Apply
at 1935 Howard st.
$25 — SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
A MOST desirable home of 14 rooms; 2 bath?;
concrete basement; elegantly furnished; in a
fine neighborhood; 1 year's lease, with ex-
tension  $150
A modern house of 15 rooms; 2 baths: very
finely furnished; fine lawn front and rear; in
good location; 2 years' lease to good party. sloo
A very desirable home of 14 rooms; 2 baths;
elegantly furnished; good location; rignt party
can secure it for 3 months at only $75
A fine bargain; 8 rooms and bath; nicely
furnished; sunny; good location; 6 months. s4o
A good house; 9 rooms and bath; nicely
furnished; centrally located $50
A very nice flat; 4 rooms and bath; fur-
nishings very expensive; oentrally located.. s3o '
We want a number of good houses, neatly
furnished, centrally located, for good homes
for responsible parties now waiting.
We need a number of both houses and flats,
unfurnished, that will make good homes for.
customers who are waiting.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
403-404 Examiner building. ,
GROVE. SIS. bet. Webster & Flllmore— Sunny
furnished flat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable If desired; rent reasonable; references
given & required; call between 10 and 2.
NEATLY furnished flat, 6 rooms, $15. Apply
12 Elizabeth St., bet. San Jose aye. and Guer-
rero st.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely rural hed sunny
house. 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. I:3C and
4 pm.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MODERN cottage, 5 rooms and bath, large
basement: lot 26:6x87:6; $2650, cash $300, in-
stallments $20. 2915 Bush st.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores.
TURK, near Scott— Neat cottage. 4 rooms and
yard; $10.
UP-TO-DATE cottage in Berkeley for rent $20,
or sale on easy terms; adapted to small fam-
ily of refinement desiring to live in good
taste without much trouble or expense. Ad-
dress Owner, room 6, 22Vi Geary st.
$10—2711 BUSH St., nea* Broderick; cottage, 3
large rooms, closets, basement, patent closet;
lot 38x137:6.
$20— COTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2963 Twenty-first St.; key at corner irrocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A— TEN flats; nice flats near Call $10
A— 6- rooms; bath; 6 Hyde st $25
A— 3oo other flats to choose, at SPECK &
CO.'S, 602 Market st.
A— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath, nr. Market $12
A— lo-room-and-bath house, Geary *o
A— 2o fiats, |9, at SPECK & CO.'S, 602 Market.
A— HOWARD, 1720. NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; wat^r
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if seen.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
AN elegant flat, 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625
Post st.
in >v;K aye.. 5. off Eleventh— 3 rooms, hall
and bay-window; cheap to small family.
ELEGANT new upper sunny flat, 6 rooms;
bath; grand view. 4157 Twentieth St., near
Castro.
ELEGANT modern upper flat, 7 rooms, bath
an,d basement; rent $IS. 3025V4 Buchanan st.,
near Filbert.
FEW steps from city Hall, 2 fine flatfe, 5 and 6
rooms. 10 Grove s-t.
FILLMOKE, 113-1134— 2 flats, 4 and 5 clean
rooms and bath.
FLAT of 4 nice sunny rooms and bath; hall
and gas; rent $15. 30b Tenth St.
FOLSOM. 1256— Lower 5 larce sunny rooms!
yard; cellar: water free; $13.
FULTON, 118 — Fine middle funny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
HARRISON. 2041. opp. Eighteenth— 2 sunny
flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
HOWARD, 1553. corner Twelfth— 7 rooms and
bath; rent $25.
MARKE' 4— Branch office of Thr Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
McALLISTER, 726— Upper flat 7 rooms, bath;
rent $30. Key at 72S McAllister st.
McALLISTER. 1605, near Devisadero— Hand-
some modern flat, 7 rooms, bath and base-
ment; cheap. Apply MADISON & BI'RKE.
MINNA, 454Vi— Upper flat of 6 rooms; all im-
provements; sunny side.
MODERN upper flat, $25; bath, yard basement.
6398 Minna st.
NICE sunny flat. 6 rooms, bath: stable If re-
quired; low rent. Cor. 2tth and Bryant »ts.
NINTH. 241— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
and bath; $15.
SANSOME, 712— Handsome flat, 4 large sunny
rooms, cheap; only responsible parties.
SANCHEZ, 489. corner Eighteenth— New flat. 5
rooms and bath; $12.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath; 3506 Mission
St.; rent $10. Inquire at 31 Twenty-eighth st.
2 ELEGANT flats of 6 rooms on Devisadero St.,
2 doors from Oak; latest modern improve-
ments; sun in every room; rent $23.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye.. $13, $14. $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
PTER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth St.
$16 PER month: flat. 724 'Harrison St., bet.
Third and Fourth.
FURNISHED FLATS.
$20— TO let, furnished upper flat, 5 rooms, near
Girls' High School; references. Box 2)3, Call.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match:
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st., between First and Second.
BARTLETT. 134— Two or three furnished rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable.
BOWIE aye., 8, off Eleventh St.— Upper flat, 4
sunny rooms; reasonable.
BRYANT. 464, near Third— Nice front room,
with folding bed, and kitchen; bath; private
family; reasonable.
BUSH 675— Large well furnished front and
separate kitchen, $20, with bath; also large
sunny suite, $15; small suite, $8.
DEVISADERO, 1611— Nicely furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
EDDY. 325— 4 rooms.; rent cheap; suitable for
doctor or gentlemen's club or housekeeping.
ELLIS. 518—2 housekeeping rooms; $15.
ELLIS. 618—2 sunny front rooms; closets, bath;
gas stove; rent moderate.
FIRST, 2S — 3 front sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent $12 per month.
GEARY. 566 — Handsome front parlor, suites,
single and double rooms: light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Bay windows, parlor
floor; 3 rooms; complete; gas range, bath; $25.
HAIGHT, 880— Large, sunny, furnished room;
no sign; housekeeping If desired.
HARRIET, 15, off Howard— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; $8.
HAVES, 433 — 2 sunny rooms, bath; $9; front and
back parlor, kitchen, bath, $15. Call after
6 p. m.. week days; no sign.
HOWARD, 611— Nice sunny front room, with
regular kitchen; complete for housekeeping;
$10 a month.
HOWARD, 732—2 nice basement rooms; sunny;
furnished for housekeeping; others; rent $10.
HOWARD, 1500 A —1 or 2 front rooms unfur-
nished; housekeeping; cheap.
JESSIE, 373, near Emporium — Housekeeping;
2 sunny rooms; private family; only $9.
LARKTN, 716— Sunny front furnished house-
keeping rooms, single or en suits; bedroom, $6.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front rooms furnished,
housekeeping, $10; sunny bedroom and
kitchen, furnished, yard, $10.
MINNA, 322— Parlor suite, 2 or 3 housekeeping
rooms, furnished complete.
MINNA, 371. near Fifth— Large sunny back
chamber; water; stove; closets; als.o baae-
ment room.
MISSION, 915Vt— Housekeeping rooms; also
front suites.
UOUSEKEEPIXG ROOMS— Continued
MISSION, 1320, near Ninth— Nice large sunny
front housekeeping room; $3 month.
NATOMA, 235%— Very large room; furnished
for light housekeeping; rent $6.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Furnished house-
keeping suites, Jl 50 per week; single, 75c.
NINTH, 20— Sunny connecting rooms, stove,
water, gas; $11; bay- window room and
kitchen; $9.
NINTH, 12SVa— Sunny rooms for hourekeeping:
cheap.
NOE, HSS, nr. 22d-st. cars— sls to $1S; 3 or 4
neat rooms complete for housekeeping; no
other roomers; nice garden.
OAK, 48— $7, 2 brdrooms and large kitchen; $6,
bedroom, kitchen, pantry, closet, first floor.
POLK, 221H, near City Hall— 2 or 3 pleasant
•keeping rooms; reasonable.
SHOTWELL, 121— Large sunny furnished room,
2 closets, light housekeeping, $4 per month.
SHOTWELL, 937— F100r 3 handsome housekeep-
ing rooms; bath; bay-window; water free: $9.
SIXTH, 314 — Front bay-window suite, with
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping; $12 mo.
SIXTEENTH, 2822—2 furnished sunny rooms;
with or without housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, 90-2 or 3 well-furnished house-
keeping rooms; also single.
SOUTH PARK, IS4— 2 sunny rooms, complete
a for housekeeping; $10 50 per month.
TENTH, 123— Large sunny front room for
housekeeping; cheap rent.
THIRD, 303— Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping: suites, $7; bedrooms, $4 mo.
TURK, 126—2 unfurnished sunny rooms; cloeet
and water; for housekeeping; no children.
TURK, 405—2 or 3 finely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; complete with range; $12 to $20.
TURK, £43— Large front rooms complete for
housekeeping; gas, bath; reasonable.
TURK, 544 — Newly furnished sunny front rooms,
modern; housekeeping optional; reasonable.
TWELFTH, M6— Sunnv furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; also single.
UNION, 1014 — Housekeeping rooms, 2 or 3;
marine view; convenient to town; very rea-
sonable.
VALENCIA, 1240—2 sunny housekeeping rooms,
rent $7.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable; i
Com. Transfer Co., -2 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 23e; phone Main 40.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class i
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde. Slitter 71K-717-719— Furnished and j
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
AT .'2 Second st.— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms, $1 a week and up. j
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT The Keystone, 112 Taylor; new throughout;
elegßnt sunny rooms; good board day or mo.
AT The Randolph, 501 Post, single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week, j
CORNER Ellis and Polk, 801 Ellis— New and |
handsomely furnished rooms.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S. $10 mo. j
EDDY, 118— Nice clean rooms; sun all day; i
quiet house; good home. ;
EDDY, 616— Wanted; young lady or gent to
room and board; private family; reasonable.
EIGHTH, 111 — Two well-furnished sunny front !
rooms: gentlemen. i
ELLIS, 226 A —Furnished rooms; transient; i
country trade solicited. i
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny I
rooms and suites for gents. $1 50 to $8 week, j
ELLIS, 432— Sunny bay-window basement un- |
furnished; rent $20; 4 rooms. !
ELLIS, 52S— Sunny rooms; newly furnished; ;
single and double; gas and water; $6 up.
FIRST-CLASS private apartments, central lo- i
cation, for transients; everything elegant.
Box 515, Call office. •
FOLSOM, S2O, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre) — Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, c 8S — Large sunny front and back par- j
lors or separate.
GEAHY, 622— Nice sunny single room, $8
month; also handsome front room; gentlemen.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard— !
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to ,
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars. ,
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely sunny fur- i
nished front room; running water; fire grate;
private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GROVE, 28— Sunny furnished front room, bath
and grate; also back room; private family.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family I
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 925— 54: furnished front room.
With closet and bath. j
HAVES, 720— Suite' 2 sunny newly furnished j
rooms, or single, to adults; rent reasonable. ]
HOWARD, 704— Fine sunny furnished front j
room; also housekeeping rooms.
HuWARD, 741— Sunny bay-window rooms, $2 50
week; 2 complete for housekeeping, $10 mo.
HOWARD, 935>£ (New Philadelphia)— All new;
sunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HOWARD. 27OS— Large sunny alcove room; also :
small room adjoining; rent reasonable.
JESSIE, 333— Large furnished bay-window
room; suitable for 2 people; $10.
JONES, 207 — Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonnble; gas, water, bath; central.
LINDEN AYE., 331, off Gough— Furnished or
unfui-nfshed room; rent reasonable.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness-
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MASON, 1111, near Clay— Sunny newly-fur-
nished rooms to rent. i
MCALLISTER. 226a— Nicely furnished sunny i
rooms en suite or single; light .iousekeeping
allowed.
m.-\li,ist!.u, mi— nic< large parlor; sonny
single room; also 2 for housekpg; prl. family, i
MCALLISTER, 633— Suite of front rooms or
single front room; furnished; reasonable.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION. 1241—2 furnished rooms; stove;
cheap; for nice quiet party; sunny.
O'FARRELL. 126— Sunny furnished front room;
private family; bath; gas.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas: rent reasonable.
POLK, 17— Front double or single rooms, $1 to
$3 a week. j
POLK, 221%. near City Hall— Pleasant single
front room; $5 per month.
POLK, 16f'2 — Furnished room; closet; running i
writer: $&.
POST, 622 — Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST, 1427— Vi-cy reasonable; unfurnished front j
aid va an l i fljotnlng room.
POWELL. 317—2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 102, n.'ar Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth s_,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House, 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths: elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SIXTH, 227— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
light housekeeping: $* i er month.
SIXTH. 136 Under new management; single
room and en suite.
BUTTER, IMS — Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas. baths: running water; mod.
TAYLOR, 706— A well-furnished sunny room
for gentleman.
TURK, 126— Nice small pleasant room suitable
for gentleman, $5 per month.
TURK, 128— Large front sunny room; first floor;
$x; hall room, $5 a .month.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms; $6
up: bath."
$•4 A MONTH; bed and sitting room combined;
sunny: pentleman. Box 204. Call office.
STORES TO LET.
FIFTH, 3;?.— Store, with rooms, $15; good for
dressmaker or bakery; all fitted up.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.,
handsome corner store, with or without base-
ment, cheap; responsible parties.
PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
ferred; reasonable. 1704 Market st., opp. 10th.
STORE to let. 226 Ellis St., with gas; rent
$15.
TO let— Store, with fixtures; 2 sunny roams;
any business. 1008 Natoma St., near Eleventh.
ROOMS AiiD BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything new,
cheerful; first-class every respect; board op-
tional. The Sirlus, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars.
CENTRAL aye., 404, adjoining Panhandle —
• Sunny rooms, with best of board; references.
ELLIS, 51S— Nicely . furnished rooms; best
board; $5 per week. • '
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week ; nice location. ■
HOTEL LA MAR, 534 Bush— furnished
throughout; sun all day; summer rates. _
HYDE. 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
.homelike: reasonable. ______________
POLK, 609— Large sunny front room; running
• water: excellent home cooking; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER. 767— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
THE ORIEL— With or without board: new, ele-
j gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market -st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS. Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights; bath; with board; moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
IN country, fine climate; board and care, near
school, for children; terms $10. Address P. O.
box 24. St. Helena. Napa County, Cal.
LADY having nice home would like child to
board; object company; girl preferred. Apply
459 Minna st., near Sixth. ______
FAMILY without children wish child to board;
good home and care. 1034 Folsom St.. upstairs.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home and care. 51 Clara st.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; a good
■ home;; references given. Box 196, San Rafael.
JESSIE, 333— G00d home for Infant or 1 or 8
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's car«: references. 234 V» Sixth it.
OFFICES TO LET.
M^ASONr^^TT^e^Clay^md^W^
B_nt sunny newly- furnished front suite; first
floor; suitable for physician or dentist; price
reasonable. - ■:/:•'"■
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement: pills and capsules, $1;
■ every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confldenital; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 20S Turk St.. near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
. st.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or Instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1;- cure. $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
LADIES. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4o stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co., Phila.
DR. WINTERS & Dr. Schwartz. 852 Castro cor.
7th, Oakland; reliable practitioners; home in
confinement: guar'td cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and — Seguro; price.
$150: RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.; send
2" stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife: home In confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 1 C Second st.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister st.; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe reme-
dies: 38 years' experience. 251'? Fourth at.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BARGAIN — sale, on account of leaving?
city. 300 shares of Dutch Mining and Milling
Company stock; mine, Quartz Mountain, Tuo-
lumne County, Cal.; a No. 1 investment in
a legitimate mine as a dividend payer; must
be sold; make an offer. Box 173. Call office.
ST. BERNARD and foxterrier pups; champion
pedigree; 120 Douglass st., bet. 17th. and 18th.
FOR sale — Cosumnes copper mine, El Dorado
County; title U. S. patent. For particulars
address JOHN THEISEN, 800 McAllister st.
ASK to see the $12 diamond stud, ask to sea
. the $7 diamond stud at UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye.
'96 COLUMBIA bicycle; first-class order; also
- English saddle, new. Box 240, Call office.
GRAPHOPHONE outfit and hat cleaning ma-
chine: cheap if sold at once. Room 34, Wind-
sor Hotel.
ST. BERNARD, Great Dane and fox terrier
pups; Sunset Kennels. Inquire 108 Fourth st.
FOR sale — ark, 20x40 feet 6 rooms, cheap.
Apply Call branch office, Kentucky and 22d.
THOROUGHBRED Angora kittens for sal«
At Angora Cattery. 557 Ellis St.
GOOD-MILKING cow for sale. 1521 Noe st.
BARBER fixtures for sale; bargain. Apply to
170 Shipley st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. , J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. .
EXCHANGE— mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 731
Market st. .
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
FOR Sale— houses, to be removed. Inquire on
premises on Jackson, bet. Taylor and Jones.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st., pawn office. ,
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elect!
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 614-516-518 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 87.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. Fremont _ Howard.
SAFES— and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
:-. bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
STORAGE.
FURNITURE. tr_nks. etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, S4O Mission lit. ; tel. , Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. :
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 168.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
\ !->'■'•') Saturday. June 18.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, 18 days from Hono-
IUIU - SAILED.
Saturday, June 18.
t Stmr Scotia, Hansen, Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS..
FORT. BRAGG— Arrived Jue 18— Stm Sequoia
hence June 17; schr Ida Schnauer, hence Juno
13.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GLASGOW— Arrived June 18— Stmr Hekla, im
Baltimore. ■
HAVRE— Sailed June Stmr La Bourgogne
for New York.
MARSEILLES— SaiIed June 15— Stmr Patria,
for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed June 18— Stmr Koenigen
Lutz. for New York.
• ANTWERP— SaiIed June 18— Stmr Western-
land, for New York.
3 ' LIVERPOOL— SaiIed June 18— Stmr Lucania,
for New York. '■ • ■
MARSEILLES— SaiIed June 18— Stmr Kara-
mania; for New York.
NEW YORK— June 18— Stmr Umbrla,
from Liverpool. •
Sailed June 18— Stmr Campania, for I_v_r-
'■■■" ■■ * - „ .
1314
pool; Btmr Phoenicia, for Hamburg ; Btmr Manl-
v\r\, for 1/ondnn; stmr La Bretagne, for
Ha\re; slmr Rotterdam, for Rotterdam; stmr
Furnessla. for Glasgow; stmr Fulda. for Genoa,
NKW YORK— Arrived June O— Stmr Penin-
sular, from Lli
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived June 19 — Stmr
Bremen, from Xew York, for Bremen.
KAJUUAGE UCBXBEB.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Joseph J. Schwarz nnd Josephine Healey..l9-lS
Benjamin Weed an! Kva C. Uundlnch 2X-20
Hyman Falk and Edith D. Solomon 36-24
Joseph F. Cereghin" unl Mary J. Lundy. ■■ .2J-J"
Dinlilij — Ifi AfiiLiiilJ£io UDillflu.
Birth, marriace nnd death notices sent by |
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
IIOHV
BECKMANX— In this city, June 18. IS9S, to the
wife of Adolf H.vkmann. a son.
CARLSF.N--In this city, June 13. IS9S, to the
wife of Carl Carlsen. a son.
GREENFIELD- In this city, June 16, 1898, to
the wife of A. C Ureenfield. twin sons.
HAMILTON- In this city, Juno 12, ISM, to the
wife of W. J. Hamilton, a daughter.
KKNNKDY In thl« city, .June 10, IS9B, to the
wife of W. J. Kennedy, a s= >n.
MORAN— To the wife of James F. Moran. a
duUßhter.
MYER- In this city, June 17, IS9B, to the wife
of Alfred Myer, a (laughter.
OWENS— In this city, June 9, IS9B, to the wife
of A. D. Owens, a daughter.
RANDOLPH— In t.i.s city, June 8, tttt, to the
wife of John W. Randolph, a daughter.
ROWELL— In this city. June 8, 1898. to the
wife of E. F. Rowell. a daughter.
WEI DNER — June 13. 1898. to the wife of j
Charles Weldner. a son. i
ZANDER- In Alameda, June 14, 1898, to the i
wife of Gus Zunder. a daughter. j
MAKKIUD.
BROS6— CATTRAN-ln th:s city. June 16, 189*,
by the Rev. Charles Edward Locke, D.D.,
George BroFS and Eleanor J. Cattran, both of
San Francisco.
BURNS— YOUNGLOVE— In this city, June 12.
by the Rev. Charles Edward Locke,
D.D.. Dr. Man'.y C. Burns and Florence
Younplove, both of Pan Francisco.
CABTER STEPHENS— In this city. June 18.
by the Rev. Charles Edward .
D.D., Will am li. Caster of Angels. Cal., and
Frances E Stephens of Murphys, Cal.
CRAWFORD MAKEE— In th.s city, June 14.
by the Rev \v Hall Moreland. Robert
M 'tnphU, Term., and
Lulu Josephine M. :k.-->, daughter of Mrs. Sara
A. and the lMe l'ark>»r N. Makee of the Ha-
wallan Islands.
EBERT— HARVEN— In this city, June 15, 189S,
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Helnrlch Ebert
and Louise Harven.
ROBINSON— KENNEDY— In this city. June 4,
IS3B. by the Rev. Charles Edward Locke,
D.D., John f. Robinson and Annie L. Ken-
nedy, both of San Francisco.
ROSS— VAIL— In this city, June 6. 1898. by the
Rev. Father Kane of St. Patrick's Church.
Robert G. Ross and Sadie N. Vail.
BCHAEFER — BAUD — In this city, June 15,
IS9S, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, J. Peter
Schaefer and Eda Baud.
BEWELL— DKOGMXTND— this city. June 15.
ISM, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Edward C.
Bewell and Ida M. Drogmund.
SMITH— GOUGH— In this city. June 15, 1898, by
the Rev. Charles Edward Locke, D.D., Dr.
Thomas C. Smith of Salem, Or., and Bertha
Llla I ugh of San Francisco.
VOLQUARDSEX — LOWERBUTTS —In this
city, June S. 1898, by the Rev. J. Fuendelin*,
Carlos L. Volquardsen and Flora Lowerbutts,
both of Mazatlan, Mexico.
DIED.
Bacon. William J. Gleeson. William J.
Berta. Rachel Urote, Sophie A.
Brown, Mrs. Agnes Harrop, John
Chlelovich, Jane Jcrgensen, Alf V.
Cosgrove. Louise Kelly. Michael F.
Crone, Amy Maloney. Mrs. M.
Cronin, Patrick Martin, Allene L.
Dugan, Thomas I. Reynolds. Mary S.
Frank, Mamie Rlley, Thomas E.
Gilman. Hattle 8. Southwell. Mrs. J. B.
BACON— In this city, June 17, 189 S. William
J , beloved husband of Ratio A. Bacon,
father of Ellen. Annie and Millie Bacon, and
son-in-law of Mr. and Mr?. Joseph Robinson.
a native of Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 36 years
and 8 months. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers
please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 111H Castro street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will b- celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing nt 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BERTA— In Monterey, Rachel Berta, beloved
mother of Mrs. Maria Bazzinl and Giovanni
Berta, a native of Switzerland, aged 74 years.
(C Friend-? and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thus day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her d chter. 162S Lombard street. Interment
Odd ullowx' Cemetery.
BROWN— In Newcastle. Placer County, June
16, 1898, Mrs. Agnes Brown, mother of Alex-
and • Brown of Walnut Grove. Sacramento
County, and Mrs. F. if. Drury of Newcastle,
a native of Scotland, aged SO years.
CHIKLOVICK— In this city. June 17. IS9S.
Jane, beloved wife of Ella Chlelovich. and
mother of Mrs. J.I. J. Fottrell. a native of
Ireland, aged 80 yearn.
l . i he funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), from her late residence, 2217 Fill-
more street. thence to St. Dominic's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private.
In Holy Cross Cemetery- Please omit flow-
COSOROVE— In this city, June IS, 189S, Louise
Cosgrove. a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years 2' months and 25 days.
CRONE— In South San Francisco, June 16.
ISSB, Amy, dearly beloved wife of Harry
Crone, and mother of Mrs. J. Weber, a na-
tive of New Orleans, aged is years 1 month
and 12 days. (New Orleans papers please
copy.V
CJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1748 Seventeenth avenue, South San
Francisco, thence to St. Antonia's Church,
Army and Folsom streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:15 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Crors Cemetery.
CRONIN— In this city, June IS. 1808. Patrick,
beloved husband of Catherine Cronln. and
father of T. 8.. T. 8., D. P., J. H. and Miss
Katie Cronln and Mrs. Mathew Sullivan, a
.native of County Cork. Ireland, aged 65 years
and 6 months. (New York papers please
copy. )
tt^7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. C?i» Minnesota street, corner of Nine-
teenth, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Dl'GAN— In this city, June 18. 1898, Thomas 1.,
beloved son of Catherine and the late Cor-
nelius Dugan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 17 years and 2S days.
CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 523 Howard Ftreet. thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for services. Interment Holy
Crops Cemetery.
FRANK— In this city. June IR, 1898. Mamie
drarly beloved wife of Clement N. Frank,
devoted mother of Viola Frank, and beloved
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Martin Walsh, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2S years and 27
days.
rr N < Dtlce of funeral hereafter.
GIT. MAN -In Oakland, June 17, 1898, Hattle
S.. daughter of the late Joseph and Eliza
Gllman, and beloved lister of Mrs. P. H.
Tlernon, Mrs. H. C. Moore, Mrs. Emma A.
Stevenson and Georre. Charles and Joseph
Oilman, a native of San Francisco, aged 45
years and 5 months. "• - -
GLEESON— In Baker City. Or.,' June 14, 1898
William J. Gl^eson, late of Dublin. Ireland,
beloved son of William and the late Anne
Gleeson. and brother of Mrs. T. Chaffer. Mrs.
J. Millyner, Mrs. G. Brown and Mrs. D.
Frlck, aged 3" years Z months and 14 days
(Dublin, Ireland, papers please copy.)
GROTE— In this city. June 16, ISSS, Sophie A..
daughter of Mrs. E. M and the late 11. F
Grote. and sister of Frederick. Frank and
Margaret Grote and Mrs. William F. Don-
nelly, a native of San Francisco.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 16J6 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a solemn requiem
macs will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. 1-Offlcers
and members: You are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our deceased member
Sister Sophie A. Grote, from her late resi-
dence, 1636 Golden Gate avenue, this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock. By order of the
president, MARY E. CUULEY
MARY MONAHAN. Re C . Secretary.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE— Dear Sisters-
You are hereby notified to attend the neraJ
of our beloved Grand President, Sophie A
Grote. All members are requested to as-
semble at her late residence, ](;;;■; Golden Gate
avenue, at 10:30 o'clock, this day (Sunday)
By order of MARY A. N\GLE
Grand First Vice-President.
JOSEPHINE J. MOLLOY, Grand Sec.
K. D. G. W.— Buena Vista Parlor No. 68 X D
G. W. : You are hereby requested to 'attend
the funeral of our sister, Sophie A. Grote
. from her late residence, 1636 Golden Gate
avenue, at 10:30 o'clock, this day (Sunday)
Services at 11 o'clock in Holy Cross Church'
R. MURRAY, President. '
MRS. H. M. GREENE. Secretary.
HARROP— In this city. June IS, 1898, John
Ilerrop, a native of England, aged 75 years.
C - r Interment Sacramento.
JERGENSEN-In this city, June 18, 1898, Alf
Victor, beloved Infant son of Sophie and
Victor Jergensen, a native of San Fran«lsco,
aged 8 months. .. -
KELLY— In this city, June 18. 1898, Michael F.
beloved husband of Kate Kelly, and father of
Thoma« F.. John P., Mary. Teresa, Cath-
erine, Joseph, William and Florence Kelly, a
native of Carranroe, County Galway, Ire-
IcJM.
C?"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 783 Stevenson street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MALONEY— In this city, June 18, 189S, Mrs.
Margaret Maloney (nee Flannery), beloved
mother of Mrs. P. J. Halligan, Mrs. J. Sul-
livan and Daniel, John. Joseph and Stephen
Flannery. a native of Irel.-yid.
C /"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:90 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. P. J. Halligan, 1151
Folsom street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, near Howard, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
MARTIN— In this city. June 17. IS9S. Aliene
Louisa, beloved daughter of John i*. iM
Annie Martin, and sister of inland and Mary
M. Martin, a native of San Krunoisco, a b -i
: 4 years 2 months and 14 days.
[LjTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
♦ Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1335 Pacific street.
RAYNOLDS— In this city, June IS. IK9S, Mary
8., beloved wife of Edward H. Raynolds of
New York City, and eldest daughter of Mar-
garet H. and the late William P. Fuller.
ITT" The funeral services will be held
at the residence of her mother, 839 O'Farrell
street, to-morrow (Monday), at 2 o'clock. In-
terment private.
RILEY— In this city, June IS. 1898, Thomas E.,
beloved husband of Annie RUey. and brother
of Mrs. George Bridgewood. Mrs. William
Casey, Mrs. J. Qulgley, Mrs. J. Clancy and
Fannie, Peter and Maggie Rlley, a native of
California,
SOUTHWELL— In Los Angeles. Cal.. Mrs. J.
B. Southwell, beloved wife of James B.
Southwell, a native of San Jose, Cal.. aged
31 years.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBAL.MEB3 |
id iIfTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Somjl. I
' Telephone, South 90. I
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ne&B aye., near Market at.. Sag
Francisco. Telephone So. 156.
H. C. BUNKER & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
2666 Mission St. Mission Masonic Temple.
Telephone Mission 75.
Eet»b. 1868. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and IZmbalmera,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. (Spacious chapel for tb« urn
of cur patrons. Rubber tires on our ambmaDct. !
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F M Campbell. Oakland Mrs R N Willing:, Cal
E C Little, Oakland !E A Mlddleton, Cal
Mrs J T Hughes, Cal F J Murphy, Cal
T Potndexter. Alameda Mrs E French, Cal
E Pattee, Alameda Mrs C E Lindsay. Cal !
J Thomas, Berkeley J T Royles, Woodland
H Feldhusen, Sacto J F Kennard, Cal
W McNaughton. Cal Mrs L F Brock, Cal
Mrs I" D Gale, Cal | Mrs N Coate, Cal
ELL Johnson, L AngiMlss G Coate, Cal
<i <" Blckey, L Ang Mrs J J Cunningham, !
II X KefHeinan. Cal Vallejo
F A Conover, Cal G A Adams &w, Cal !
Mrs M Feath.-rly, 111 J E Ma&on. Boston'
Mrs F G Ealund. Cal E J Mason, Boston
Mrs J Horton. S Diego A B Merrill, Ca-par
Mies Breidenbuch, Mo Dr R Austin & w, R I i
E F Cassel, Seattle W E Parkinson, Cal
C B Pinkham, NT F X Merrltt & w, Cal !
R T Start, NT Q Weir, Petaluma
H S Allen, Sonora W D Conrad, USA
W Wheeler, Tacoma G L Cobb, Cal
M L Connell, Tacoma E J Cooper, Wls
Mrs H Hall, Cal C F Hatch. Stktn
A S Burge. Spokane H L Smith. Pa
A E Costello, N V |W D Holabird. L Ang I
Miss i; s Brown, Cal C J Seluyn, S Diego
Miss M Theba. .Seattle iW M S Moore, w & o,
C E Blythe, Stktn j Pa
Mrs H Williams, Cal !H McCmm & w, Cal
Mrs W Thatcher, Cal IJ O Smith, Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
A Oppenheimer, N T R E Hyde, Vlnalla
W H Eaele, Chgo C E Adamson, Pa
Mrs J Churchill Wls C M Ingrain, N V
Mrs Gruetner. S Helna R B Carpenter, L Ang
L W F"X & w. Pa L Tiffany. D C
I) F Warnock, Ch«o G S Tiffany. D C
H H Pitcher, Livermr F S Layng & w. Pa i
W A Hobson, Ventura Miss Cowan, I'a
R H Kerron. w & 2 <" X Smith. .lamestwn
c. Los Angeles IH Hubbard. N V
E \V Thiiyer, Aril Mrs H Hubbard. N V
S Leon. N V Mrs R L Hubbard.NY
W D Tobey. Carson M S.Hananer. Utah
H E Do.llttle, S Diego S C Hazeiton. Utah
W A Clark. Mont '1 Nelson. San Jose
M:fs X L Clark. Mont:
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs L Hansen, Oak Maud Beach, N T
H Hennage, Silver Cy J Wile. N V
L J Lelr.nd. Term 8 H Khominger, USN
M X Harris. Oakland H S Ada:ne, Chicago
C B Phillips, Chcago Mrs Folker. Mill Val
C I'll'- .. Kan.^s Cy W X Clark. Mill Val
E Dodson, U S N T Corcoran, U S N
E Blackburn, V B V J Schwarts, U S N
j McCallum, Portlnd T W Clark, IT S N
C G Browne. Fresno 111 Middleton, USN
Q Moore, Sitka .1 L Smith, U S N
H Spangler, l'<-nn A H '.'hrlßtes, Mllwke
R bndy. Perm W D Davis. Pinole
G Stev.'art. Portland J Garnell & w. i al
M Kohn. Boston S Henry, Stockton
May Buckely, N V I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B F Richards, Sissons S O'Brien, Truckee
Prof Schulz. S Diego J C Morris. Nevada
<■ Whiting&f, St Lake A E French. Seattle
Miss Ha,nlnfrs. Sacto J M Crawford, S Harb |
J C Jones, S Jose Miss Kelton, Portland
N Wolfgang. Cal E Morrison. Portland j
c McLeod, Riverside Miss Morrison. Ptld
E Wolf, Madera Mrs B Davis. Portland i
F Cramer. Stockton Miss Russell, Portland
J T Levy, Sausalito Mrs Cox, Portland
F McNamara, '"al
AFTER THE WEDDING.
"I thought the bride looked well,
didn't you?"
"Fairly well. But lavender. Is never
so good as white to my mind."
"I don't know but you are right. How
much do you suppose It cost?"
"Her maid of honor told me privately
it vas over $200."
"I'm! It didn't look it. Who were
those people on the right?"
"You mean those awful lookers?"
"Yes."
"Some of her relatives, I believe.
One always has that cross to bear."
"That's so. I'm glad I didn't have to
meet them. How many were there?"
"I should say 200 at the reception,
shouldn't you? Of course a lot were
only asked to the church."
"Well, they didn't miss much."
"No. Still the refreshments were
fairly good."
"So so. I was dreadfully hungry."
"So was I. Did you see the presents?"
"Oh, yes. Skimpy, I thought. Did
you notice that plated ware?"
"Yes. Tht-y had it covered over with
a rusr. but I unearthed it."
"Relatives, I suppose."
"Oh, yes. What did you give her?"
"An etching. I got it awfully cheap.
They were selling off."
"I gave her a book. I forget the
name, but the illustrations were lovely.
Books are so cheap now."
"Aren't they?'— From Life.
CONSTITUTIONAL COWARDS.
"There are born constitutional cow
ards," said a member of Forrest's cav
alry. "I remember at the battle of
Shiloh there was a young dentist in
my company who was supposed to be
one of the best men we had; but when
we goi in a tight place, directly in front
of Plttaburg landing, when the shells
from Sherman's batteries were riddling
the trees and tearing up the ground in
front of us, that man not only lost all
nerve, but he burst Into tears — not as
a man would naturally cry, but
screamed like a baby and appealed to
the major to take him away. That was
his last appearance with the company,
and I never knew what became of him.
"There was another fellow in my
company who would fight the biggest
man in the town where he lived, even
when he knew he would get licked; yet
when ho pot under fire in froßt of Gen
eral Prentlss's 'hornets' nest' he be
came aa pale as a ghost, and, lost all
self-control. I saw him in the line in
front of me when we started on the
charge, but I never saw him again until
long after the war. He went over to
the Union lines and surrendered. The
sound of the bursting shell made a
coward of him." — Chicago Inter Oceaji.
The Princess of Wales has a tea ner
vire of sixty pieces, each one of which
is decorated with a different photo
graph which she took herself while in
Scotland.
Advance* made on furniture and plano», with
or without removal. J. Xoonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
ANSWERS TO
CORRESPONDENTS
CHARLES DE YOUNG— E. 8., Shasta,
Cal. Charles de Young was killed in San
Francisco April 23, 18S0.
SHIP YARD— D. \V. C, Sanger, Cal.
The largest ship yard in the United States
as to capacity is Cramp's.
PORTA COSTA REFIXERY— M. E. R.,
City. The new sugar refinery at Porta
Costa was started about a month ago.
THE DT'RRANT CASE— E. 8., Shasta.
Cal. The Durrant case was appealed to
the Supreme Court of the United States.
UNDER FORCED DRAUGHT-H. J.
D., City. Under forced draught the Mon
terey can, in a fair sea, make fourteen
knots.
TORNADO— S., City. The date of the
great tornado In Louisville, Ky., was
March 27, 1890, and that at St. Louis was
on May 27, 1896.
SAN FRANCISCO TO FLORIDA— T. C,
City. The distance from San Francisco to
the north coas-t of Florida in a direct line
as the crow Mies is 2400 miles.
NO EXTRA PAY— A. S., Vallejo. Cal.
General and special service enlisted men
in the United States navy are not allowed
an increase of pay In time of war.
COMMUNICATIONS —R. F. M. V.,
Soulsbyville, Cal. This department can
not give you any better definition of the
word communication that you can find In
any dictionary.
THE MONTANA— A." B. S., City. The
steamer Montana arrived In this port,
May 12, 18b7. in 13 days and 8 hours from
Panama. She brought up 378 cabin and 768
other passengers.
FORK OF A TREE-H. S. 8., Liver
more, Cal. A gentleman who has taken
measurements for many years says that
the fork of a tree does not grow up
ward, but that it expands.
THE MARTETTA-A. L. R.. Oakland,
Cal. The Marietta started from San
Francisco, went through the Straits of
Magellan and fell In with the Oregon in
the vicinity of Montevideo.
BIG BETSEY— R. O. T. C, Woodland,
Cal. The thirteen-inch guns. Big Betsey
and Alice, were received in San Francisco
shortly before the Oregon was placed In
commission. They are on board of that
vessel now.
SALUTlNG— Sergeant, City. In march
ing a regiment of soldiers may return the
salute of an independent military or
semi-military body, but it is not required
to do so. If the Balute is returned It is
an act of courtesy.
PREMirM-D. C. W., Sanger, Cal. The
greatest amount for excess of speed over
tho figure named in the contract was
awarded to the builders of the Minneap
olis. It was $402.5*). The Olympia earned
a premium of $»x>,ooo.
SHIPS IN THE NAVY— S., City. Th<?
full list of ships in the United States
navy, auxiliary cruisers, converted
yachts, tugs, names of converted vessels
was published on page 28 of the San
Francisco Call, of May 22. IS9B.
ONE OF '2&-O. O. Y. S.. City. There is
no demand by dealers f6r half-dollars of
1829. The selling price of the same is
from $1 25 to $1 75 for those that have 1829
stamped over 1827 and those without the
double mark from 75 cents to $1.
FOR NON-PAYMENT— W. H.. City.
If you and others performed certain work
for an Individual and he agreed to pay
for the same at a stated time, upon his
failure to make the payment you are at
liberty to commence an * action against
him.
TRADE MARK— S. M. D.. Oakland.
You must apply to the Patent Office,
AVashinpton, D. C. for trade marks. The
cost to register is $25 as Government fees.
The trade mark holds for thirty years,
with privilege of renewal for thirty years
longer.
LETTERS OF CONDOLENCE— G. S.
8., City. It is proper to reply to letters
of condolence. It shows that the party
receiving the same appreciates the kind
words of the writer. Not to reply would
be construed into indifference on the part
of the recipient.
LARGEST PORTS— Soldier, Alcatraz
Island. According to a recent compilation
of commerce, tonnage, number of vessels,
etc., the four largest ports are given in
the following order: London, New York,
Hamburg, Constantinople, and Liverpool
is rated as fifth.
MARRYING AGAIN— L. M., City. A
woman who obtains a divorce In the State
of California or anywhere else, though
she be allowed to resume her maiden
name, cannot marry again in this State
until a year after tho granting of the di
vorce shall have elapsed.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS CADETS—
Sergeant, City. The League of the Cross
Cadets are not a part of the National
Guard of the State of California. That
organization was ask^d to take part in
the ceremonies on Memorial day, but it
was not ordered out by the officers of the
National Guard.
TO MANILA, TO SPAIN— E. 8., Shas
ta, Cal. The distance from San Francis
co to Manila via Honolulu is 7130 miles,
via Yokohama and Hongkong 6654 miles.
From Manila to Spain by the most prac
tical route, which is the Suez canal,
stopping at Penang, Colombo and Singa
pore, is 9288 miles.
CANNON BALL— A. S.. Ran Jose, Cal.
The range of modern guns la from six
and a half to eight miles, at an elevation
of forty degrees. With a higher eleva
tion ther# has been a range of thirteen
miles, but this department has not been
able to find any record of a gun having
a range of twenty-one miles.
COOKS IN THE ARMY— W. H. ML,
City. In time of war special cooks are
not furnished to companies In the army.
Each man is instructed in cooking and
each may be called upon to take his turn
at the ovens. In times of pence, one man
is specially detailed as company cook and
for that he is allowed extra compensa
tion.
SEA LEVEL— A. O. S., City. The fol
lowing are the several distances at which
objects can be seen at sea level from the
stated elevations': At an elevation of five
feet, 2.% miles; ten feet. 4.18; twenty feet.
5.92; fifty feet. 9.35; 100 feet, 13.23; 2(XI feet
15. 72; 300 feet. 22.91; ~M feet, 29.55; 1000
feet, 33.41; and one mile above the level,
DC. 10 miles.
THE FLAG AT MOROS^O'S— Constant
Reader, City. The American flag on the
drop curtain at Morocco's Opera House
was painted by the late Forrest Seaburv.
It occupied about three days of his time.
The cost of the curtain was never com
puted as the artist at the time was on
salary. It is said to be the largest painted
American flag In the United States and is
the only one on a theater drop curtain.
THE BIG KRI'PP GUN-E. R. G.. City.
The Krupp gun that was exhibited at the
Worlds Fair, Chicago— that is, the larg
eat—wu a 16-24-inch coast defense. Length
.13. "i calibers, or 45 feet 11 inches; length
of bore 41. 5. total weight 122 tons. The
projectile weighed 2222 pounds. The charge
was 902 pounds of brown prismatic pow
der: initial velocity lf*Sl feot per second
recorded; striking energy 18,594 metric
tons.
NEW EAST RIVER BRIDGE-A, S.,
City. The new East River bridge. New
:i: i York, according to the selection of site
: will start from a point between South
! Fifth and South Sixth streets. Brooklyn
! Borouph, and just west of Roebllng street
iin Brooklyn Borough. The proposed di
: mensions arc: Width 118 feet, height 135
feet for 400 feet at the middle of the span
i nnd at high wator. length of span 1600
feet; total length 7200 feet.
THE AMERICAN FI,AG— W. H. M..
City. The thirteen alternate white and
red stripes on the American flay repre
sent the thirteen original States of the
I'nion. After the thirteen stars In the
flag supplanted the British union in the
blue field it was decided that there should
be added an additional stripe and an ad
ditional star for each new State admitted
In 17fH two stripes were added on the ad
mission of Vermont and Kentucky. It was
then discovered that If that rule was fol
lowed, the flag would grow to extraordi
nary dimensions and its beauty would be
marrerl, so by an act of April' 14. ISIS, It
was resolved that the number of stripes
be limited to thirteen, the number of the
original States, but that one star should
be added in the blue field for every State
admitted. The original thirteen in that
neld has increased to forty-five. The col
ors of the flag are symbolic, red of love,
white of purity, and 'blue of truth.
ON THE MARIOX— Th. H., City. The
men who are on duty on the Marion are
detailed by the Navy Department as
keepers of the vessel for the Government.
They receive the same pay that men of
the same rank in the navy are paid. If
the members of the naval militia are or
dered into service they will have to be
sworn in as naval volunteers. They will
be paid the same as the regulars, rank for
rank. Enlisted men of the naval militia,
if railed Into the service of the State, re
ceive J2 per day the same as all enlisted
men of the National Guard.
CTENFUEGOS— J. W. G., Madison, Cal.
To properly pronounce a name one must
acquire the sound by hearing a master
of the language pronounce It. It Is ex
tremely difficult to print a combination
of letters that will give the exact pro
nunciation. As to Clenfuegos. a city of
Cuba, one authority gives the following
as the pronunciation— The-en-fwa-gos—
the first c sounded as c Ui meet, the a as
In fare and the o as in note. Another au
thority gives Se-en-fwa-gos— the second c
as in met, a as a in mate and o as o in
Goethe (similar to c In her).
ZOLA'S WORKS— W. F. C. Oakland,
Cal. The French catalogue gives the fol
lowing as the list of the works of Zola
published in the Rougon-Macquart edi
tion: Fortune of Rougons, The Brush foi
the Spoil (Le Curee) Fat and Thin (Le
Ventre de Paris), The Conquest of Plos
sons, the Abbe Mauret's Transgressions,
I-'Assomoir, Germinal or Master and
Man, His Masterpiece (IVOeuvre), Therese
iUiquln, Madelalne Ferat A Love Sur
prise, How Jolly Life Is, and The Soil (La
Torre). The best way to read these works
is in the order as published in this edi
tion, and given in this list.
'NO SHABEE— S. A. M.. City. The ex
pression "no shabee," used by Chinese In
California and on the Pacific Coast to
express "I do not understand," is a
phrase that is from the Spanish "Yo no
sabe"— l do not know. In the very early
days of San Francisco, when Chinese
wore few and Spanish-sneaking people
plentiful, a Chinaman heard a Mexican
or Spaniard use the phrase "no sabe,"
and being informed of its meaning de
clared that it would be easier for his
countryman to use that than to use "I do
not understand." and In time he commu
nicated the easiest form to his country
men. It has ever since been used by
them to convey lack of comprehension.
TO WEST POINT- A. D. R.. Dixon.
Cal. Appointments to the Mllitarv Ac-ad
emy at West Point are usually made one
year In advance of the date of admission
by the Secretary of War, upon the nomin
ation of the Representatives. These nom
inations are made oither after competitive
examination or given direct, at the option
of the Representative whose turn it is to
nominate. Appointees must be between
17 and 22 years of ago, free from any in
firmity which may render them unfit for
military service, and able to pass a care
ful examination In reading, writing, or
thography, arithmetic, grammar, geogra
phy and history of the United States. In
a case of competitive examination Influ
ence would not rut a figure, but In an ap
pointment direct it might.
AN ENGLISH MILE— R. F. M. T..
Soulsbyville. Cal. A mile is the largest
terrestrial measure of length in common
use among the, British and most of th.?
European nations, and in the United
States is 1760 yards of 3 feet each— that is.
G2SO feet. The term is derived from the
Roman millaire, which contained 1000
paces of five Roman fret each, the pace
being the average length of tho step
made with the human foot. The Roman
foot being accounted as between 11.65 to
11.02 English Inches, was l^ss than the
present English mile by from 142 to 144
yards; thus the Roman mile measured
from 4S4S to 4554 fo<n. English. Th» pres
ent English mile is known as the "Eng
lish statutp mile" because It was inciden
tally defined by an act passed in the
thirty-fifth year of the rolpn of Elizabeth
to be eight furlongs of 40 perches of ir>ij
foot each— i. c., 1789 yards of 3 feet each,
and it has ever since retained its value.
SCKLEY'S FIRST COMMAND.
How Commodore Sehley grot his first
command Is an amusing episode in h!s
early career, says the New York Led
ger. After leaving the Niagara he was
promptly promoted to a lieutenancy
and assigned as executive officer of
one of the ninety-day gunboats, the
Owasco, of the Gulf squadron. Her
commanding officer— his name is o-f no
consequence, and he is dead now — was
a devotee of John Barleycorn, and pe
riodically had to retire to his cabin for
repairs, where he usually stayed a
week. The Owasco was stationed off
Mobile and was one of a small squad
ron, of which X.'aptain .Tamps Allen of
the Richmond was senior officer.
One day a quartermaster of the Rich
mond reported to Captain Alden that
the captain's gig of the Owasco was
approaching, the captain's pennant
flying. Supposing his visitor to be the
captain of the Owasco, Alden put on
his uniform coat, the side boys were
ordered and the boatswain's mate
made ready for his three pipes at the
gangway. When the Owaseo's gig
came alongside thp man who spra.ng up
the ladder was Lieutenant Sehley.
"I expected to see Captain of the
Owasco," said Alden, with Blight sar
casm.
"I'm commander of the Owasco, sir,"
said Sehley.
"Since when?" asked Alden.
"An hour ago, sir," said Sehley.
"Where is Captain ?"
"Locked up In his cab^n, sir, drunk."
"Who locked him in?" asked Alden.
"I did. I first put him under arrest
and then shut him up in his cabin.
Then I took command of the ship, and
here I am to report for orders."
Alden was fond of a Joke, and he
was at first disposed to laugh at the
young man's summary action, but he
said:
"Well, the first order I'll give you Is
for you to lower that pennant in the
gig, go back to your ship, sir, unlock
that cabin door, and restore Captain
to duty. Then report to me in
writing if the captain's illness still in
capacitates him, and I will know what
to do. Don't be in too great a hurry to
get command of a ship, Mr. Sehley."
SERFDOM IN HUNGARY.
Although serfdom is generally be
lieved to have been abolished in Aus
tria-Hungary in IK4B, and in Russia in
1865, yet it still exists in certain re
mote parts of Hungary, where the
aristocratic land owners have retained
to such a degree possession of their old
time feudal rights over the peasantry
on their land that many of them are
accustomed to use their peasants as
beasts of burden, harnessing four men
to a plow instead of a pair of horses
or a yoke of oxen.
Throughout the northeast of Hun
gary the noble land owners are in the
habit of demanding fifty days' work
in the year from each laborer or
peasant on the estate without any re
muneration whatsoever.
When the lord of the soil has any
work to be done he sends a drummer
through the village, and every male in
habitant is compelled by law to obey
the summons. The lord then selects
as many men as he requires and sends
the restJiome.
The spread of education and instruc
tion among the masses has ended by
awakening them to a sense of the in
dignity and injustir i of this form of
servitude, and accordingly in the dis
tricts of Nyiregihanza they have or
ganized a mnvemen* to abolish these
ancient usages and rights of land own
ers, and have, moreover, refused obedi
ence to the latter.
The land owners have In consequence
appealed to the Government, which
has responded to the application by
sending troops to the disaffected dis
tricts. The peasant movement has
been suppressed with no little blood
shed, the leaders have either been
lodged in prison or expelled from the
kingdom, while those who remain are
forced to comply with every demand
made upon their labor by the land
owners.— Washington Post.
AMERICA'S BIG SHOPMEN.
Charles A. Davis, gray, sedate and
scholarly, probably has more informa
| tion about shows and showmen than
any living man connected with amuse
ment enterprises.
"Jim Bailey," said Mr. Davis, "started
about thirty years ago as a billposter
with his little armful of 'one-sheets'
and can of paste, and to-day he is far
and away the greatest figure in the
amusement field of both hemispheres,
and probably doesn't know himself
how much he is worth financially.
James A. Bailey— to give him his full
cognomen — is now sole owner of the
Barnum-Bailey, nearly half owner of
Buffalo Bill's Wild West, and has a
large interest in the Forepaugh-Sells
circuses, the three largest amusement
enterprises the world has «ver known.
"Jim' Bailey is to-day a bigger man
j than Barnum was in his prime, and old
Phineas would open his eyes if he
could come back to earth and get a
squint at Jim and his "rolling-stock
shows.'
"And the best of it is that Bailey to
day is about the same as he was at the
start— quiet, unassuming and demo
cratic. 'Jim' wears just the same size
; hat he did thirty years ago and pays
about the same price for it."
Of W. W. Cole Mr. Davis said:
" 'Billy' Cole is more like an Episco
palian 'minister than a showman, but
in his way he is a wonder. He is a
scholarly, dignified, distinguished per-
Bonage, who always did and always will
I insist on the 'highly moral' and 'edtt
! cational' value of 'his aggregation;'
and this isn't mere buncombe, he means
| it. Cole was originally a schoolmaster
! in the South, who somehow came into
possession of an insignificant wagon,
one-ring circus. In a few years he was
'S'ile owner of the 'Mammoth New
Orleans Circus,' which simply coined
money on tie Southern circuit, j also
organized seve: .1 circus enterprises for
Europe, retaining the principal owner
ship. About twelve years ago, when
less than 40 ye.'trs old, he retired from
the American field with a colossal for
; tune; and only since the organization
of the Forepaugh-Sells has he re-en
tered it."
Of the Sells Brothers— Ephraim, Peter
and Lewis: "The 'Sells boys' are the
■ typical American 'round-top hustlers,"
; and theirs was no royal road to sue
; cess. Cleveland, Ohio, was th°ir jump-
I ing off place, and they pot into the
, 'show business' almost with their first
1 long par.ts. About twenty-live years
ago the boys rot tor other some sort of
a tent show, with a few freaks, a ma
gician, a big drum, a bigger gong, like
wise one superannuated mule and a
nondescript wagon made by themselves
; f rom jetsam and flotsam from a wagon
makers' scrap heap; and so started out
to make their fortune in the Middle
West.
"For a good many years their prog
ress was almost as slow as tneir motive
power— the mule — but they kept on hus
tling and adding to their 'aggregation'
bit by bit, until they had the nucleus
of a real 'show.' In the winter months
they took to anything or everything
to tide them over and add to their cap
ital; and during these periods Peter
gained some valuable experience as a
newspaper man in his native city.
"And so they struggled on, hardly
known in 'the business,' but growing
mnnth by monfh and year by year, un
til about ten years ago 'The F"lls
Brothers' Colossal Circus, Menagerie
and Hippodrome' became a factor and
had to be reckoned with by th^ route
makers of the Barnum and Foropaugh
concerns. In 1891 the 'Sells boys' took
th<Mr 'colossal' for a year's trip to Aus
tralia and the East Indian archipelago,
and returned to take their place as one
of the three great circuses of the United
States. Three years aero they, with
Bailey- and Cole, swallowed up the en
tire Adam Forepnurrh collection."
Lives of Spanish Women.
A great deal has been written about
Spanish men, but I think one may find
a truer key to Spanish character by
taking a glimpse of the misery of the
Spanish women. I doubt if the Span
ish woman is any better off than the
Turkish woman, and while American
women are not clamoring for a con
flict, the fact remains that the taking
of Spain from the European geography
might prove a great step in advance
for the women of that land.
It appears from an official document
which r;irao my way the other day that
but 2,636,615 Spanish women can read
or write. This fraction is almost as big
as the male army that knows its own
language. It is a pitiful showing, but
it Is only the beginning of the table
of female wretchedness. The munici
palities list H1, 946 professional beggars
who wear petticoats. Then there are
828,r,31 women who earn their living by
working in the farm fields. There are
319.596 women rated as day servants,
who get little more than board and
shelter for their work, and in nil the
dying dynasty there are but 719,000
girls in the schools of any kind, public
or private. There are twice as many
female mendicants as male. The cen
sus shows that 6.764,406 women have
neither professions nor trades, and are
altogether dependent upon charity, the
possibility of getting married or' hard
labor at starvation wages.— Chicago
Herald.
A POSTOFFICE CAT.
Around one of the big pillars in the
distribution department of the New-
York city general Postoffice hangs a
long loop of twine string. It was placed
there by one of the chief postal au
thorities, and is for the sole purpose of
providing entertainment for the cat
dwelling in the general distribution
room. There are altogether fifteen cats
In the Postoffice, and although it costs
Uncle Sam something over $30 a year
to keep them he values them at a much
higher rate. Every Tom and Tabby of
them is an accomplished mouser. and
they keep the vast building astonish
ingly free from rnts. That the cats are
great pets with the employes is proved
not only by the twine strinsr above re
ferred to, but by similar strings to be
founi in all parts of the Postoffice.
Katie is the name of the cat of the gen
eral distribution room. Sh~ is gray and
white in color, and in character is most
fastidious. She and Whitey, the pussy
ADVEBTISEMENT".
v I'ii.BlLif.Jill'Wi^l PI Bil I C\ ' I \l T 1
M\ -,v® Sin fin! SlP!! pf! iniir fppih W^
m Skm nCglull lUUI luClil.m/^^
%MM NO PAIN! NO PAIN! ILMM
HAVE THEM TREATED, V at *■ w>****»*~bu.
FILLED, ! -I /
CROWNED V - 1 - #->
/ *=$
.„ BRIDGE WORK/ THE USUAL COST.
I PLATES, WARRANTED TO FIT, FROM -^ Crt
gSLd^l^ngs SPECIALTY (PER tooth >. wM::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:;:g;S
1 • -•■ 75c
TEETH EXTRACTED WITHOUT PAIN.
l^Ts T. S. HIGGINS, DD.S I^*ll
ill METROPoLITAf^ENTAL 3 PARLORS, HI
OTLI^yHH • 927 MARKET STREET ' M $ll
aSHMUKHH Over C«fo Zlnkand. . " Fltth Fl OOP m cv ator. S3**»KSSI
nun rioop — tlevator- fgygy^g(|g|
belonging: to the foreign newspaper de
partment, constitute a kind of feline
aristocracy, as. for whatever reason,
they refuse to associate with any of
the other cats of the Postofflce. These
latter dwell in the most subterranean
regions of the office and are of all colors
and kinds. Of them. Snowball, a pure
white cat. Nigger, a coal black one, and
a square-jawed, regular prizt fighter of
a fellow kno- n as Fiizsimmons are
prime favoriteu. All the cats are in
charge of a special guardian, who once
a day, between 2:30 and 3 o'clock in the
afternoon feeds the entire tribe. Their
food consists of first-class beef cut into
juicy cubes. It is furnished by con
tract b3* one butcher. About ten pounds
per day is the quantity consumed,
amounting to a little more than three
fourths of a pound to each cat. The
keeper is careful not to overfeed them,
for their appetite for mouslne might
fall off. As things stand, the New York
city Postofflce cats are as plump and
prosp.rous a set as one could find any
where.—New York Sun.
THE HOLLAND DAMES' CIRCUS.
One of the features of the Children of
the Holland Dames' circus was a white
button nearly two. inches in diameter
and emblazoned With the portrait of
Queen Wilhelmina of Holland, flanked
by the respective flags of the United
States and what looked like the banner
of France. This latter may, however,
have been a mere optical delusion. It
may have been that the thing simply
looked more like France's flag than
that of Holland. At any -rate, it was
surely an oversight, just as the Span
ish colors of the circus tent were of
course an oversight. Those who have
come within royal range of Lavinla, by
the way, cannot but have observed the
gracious patronage which she is dis
posed to extend toward Queen Wilhel
mina. Every action of the latter is
commented upon with courtly grace,
and rarely Is the royal approval with
held. At all Lavinia's state functions
Wilhelmina, in either name or likeness,
is honored with a prominent part. No
pains are omitted to make the little
Queen across seas feel that she has no
rival in Lavinia; that she has nothing
to fear from her, and that, indeed, they
are sister monarchs. Whether Wilhel
mina reciprocates this feeling or not is
unknown. It is not even certain that
she fully appreciates Lavinia's atti
tude, but to the citizens of the United
States the situation is significant. It
shows that, no matter what her royal
assumptions, the spirit of democracy
is still strong within our first monarch,
and that she is capable of patronizing
the whole European outfit. It was a
seasoned reader of "Our Mutual
Friend" who the other day bestowed
upon the Queen of Holland Dames the
sobriquet of "Lavvy the Irrepressible "
—New York Evening Sun.
FITZHUGH LEE'S WIFE.
Mrs. Fitzhugh Lee has received hun
dreds of letters from admirers and sym
pathizers during the last few months
When her husband was in Cuba and
apparently in danger messages from
rich and poor alike poured in upon her
and she says that they were a great
comfort to her, because, knowing the
condition of things in Cuba and the
treachery of Spanish officials, she often
feared for her husband's safety. She
has answered with her own pen nearly
every letter received.
During her residence In the Cuban
capital Mrs. Lee says she became ac
quainted with many charming native
families, and got to know intimately a
great many Cuban women. Nearly all
of the men were with the insurgents,
and these, of course, she did not meet,
unless she happened to see them on the
streets of Havana after being captured
and previous to their removal to some
wretched dungeon. None of the Span
ish officials had their wives with them
and Cuban women rarely ventured out
<>f doors, because if they attracted at
tention unpleasantness was liable to
come of it.
Mrs. Lee Is a home-loving woman and
all her affections are centered upon her
home circle. She does not belong to
any club and shrinks from publicity,
being extremely retiring. But she is
careful to fulfill all of her duties to the
public and to society, and is much be
loved. In spite of her silver hair Mrs.
Lee is sp young In appearance that it
is hard to believe she is the mother of
five children, the youngest of whom is
12 years old. One of her sons is in the
railroad business, another is at Wost
Point, and the three girls are living at
home with their parents.— New York
Tribune.
AN UMBRELLA WRIST.
A young woman, rather pretty and I
well dressed, who admitted thai she
had given an assumed name to save
her family from humiliation, was ar
raigned in a police court recently charged
with taking too many scotches. She
admitted that she had taken "Just two i
little bits of drinks." but she was sick.
The Judge smiled at the well-worn ex
cuse, but, for a wonder, he asked the
girl to name the disease that called for
alcoholic relief. "I am suffering from
the umbrella wrist, your Honor, and the
pains shoot way up to my elbow, like
rheumatism." "The what kind of a
wrist did you say?" fairly shrieked his
Honor. "Why, the umbrella wrist. It's j
sort of a swelling, you know, caused
by carrying an umbrella so much."
Thanks to the long wet spell the hand
some sinner had to dig up only $3. The
umbrella wrist promises to become epi
demic in this soaked section. — Plttsburg
'Dispatch.
STUDIES IN ENGLISH.
An English medical journal has been
making a collection of curiosities of
English in the medical advertisements
sent it from the continent — mostly from
Germany. Thus it appears that the
special merit of a certain mineral
spring is that "it stirs the dermal func
tions," while it istalso "an excellent re
constitutive of animal economy, and
has, moreover, a beneficial effect on
"the oculary apparel."
The inventor of a certain "fresh air
respirator for the use of indoor pa
tients" observes didactically: "Only
compare the chub-cheeked country lad
(living in fresh open air, who in spite
of scanty food is abounding in health)
with the pale-cheeked child of towns,
better fed and secured indoors against
the bracing open air, and you will Im
mediately perceive the different effects
produced by fresh air on both beings."
— Syracuse Standard.
T. R. Lament, the laird of "Trilby,"
and Dv Maurier's friend and associate
of the Royal Water Color Society, is
dead.
ADVEKTISEMLNTS.
4- ... 4-
X Special Bargains X
4- —in- — 4-
I ♦ the latest style vesting ♦•
I 4. TOP 4-
. : LADIES' LACE SHOES..:;
•¥ Ladles' Fine Quality Patent Leather. "♦".
: i Latest Style Foxing, Fancy Vesting » •
j ~ Top Lace Shoes, made In the new style "*"
4- coin toe and tip. lij?ht flexible sewed 4.
soles, a handsome stylish, dressy shoe. '
: $2.50 Pair.:
j4- __^««r^s - h ■*"
4. Ladles' Finest Quality Imported Paris 4".
Kid, Extra Quality Verting Top Lace .j
■4" Shoes, latest style coin toe. patent "*"
. leather tips or kid tips, light flexible +
▼■ soles. i-
4. No other shoe {fives the foot a more "T"
dainty or stylish appearance.
X $2.50 Pair. i|j
4- If you want cheap shoes Just look at "4*
. our bargain counters. Cut this out and x;
"▼■ save it to order by.
I Uf\\ hU RRfiS i
X PHELAN BUILDING. X
♦ 812-814 Market St. *
"♦■ RHONE 5527. "*"
4- 4-
©4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-44-4-4-4-4-4-©
SPECIAL TRIP
1 ■
NEW STANCH STEAMER
BRUNSWICK,
SAILING JUNE 30, 1898,
i Making direct communication at St. Michael
with our elegant river steamer
LEON.
i Only a limited number of passengers taken.
Also, sailing of the steamship
LEELANAUU
JULY 25, 1898.
Apply at once to
The Alaska Exploration Co.,
Liebe3 Building, 139 Po3t Street,
/ SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Going to the Country?
Take a KODAK with you. It's records
will recall pleasant Incidents of your vaca-
tion. Kodaks, $5 00, $35 CO.
Also Poco, Premo and other Cameras— Jo 00,
$50 00.
Catalogues on application.
OPTICIANS 'LTV*PHI"PMRATUS.L T V*PHI"PMRATU5.
642 Market St. instruments
IWOtR CC.OKIC'.E SUUDINO '
EpQ Ch!che4ter*B Esgllsli Dlanioad Broad*
f EKHYRGYAL PILLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
W —^K^V Original and Only Qennlne. A
J^ifrriZ\ S * FE - always reliable, ladies a>k £t\
ruYi VN# UroKßist for Chieheuers Bnqlith />ia-i|\\
(F*H2BX&iS\mond Brarui in lied »nd GjIJ mcta'.Uc\\w
-—^•JV/}t»:ios. soiled witii blue ribbon. Take \S'
TVI %^s&Jno oilier. Refuse dangerous tubrtitt* V
I / ~ fw tion* and imitating. At I)raßgi«ts, or send i*.
- I W Jjf in atasnpi for pirtrcnlarj, tntioOßiali aaS
\V* ¥& " belief for Ladles," in Utier, br rrlura
— \__X' Stall. • l*>,ooo To3!iir>cnl»U. JTaoic rarer.
. *"/Cl!!<'»«e«ferChemicalCo.,vfo«:i«o iK < ,B«r<w
Bald by all L«.-! ••i-.i-Trlsts. ■:■  •* „ {•_ *&
t visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
Museum of Anatomy
|WN \ SCSI UASSZT ST. tst. 6*.h 4 7th, S. T. Oil.
0 &&i9 The I,»T(Tfst of its kindle jl'«T."orld-
l^^j\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Comulta.loa free. Write for I'onK
W Philosophy of Marriage.
« HAILED rHCC.
teggglDß HALL'S REiNVIGORATOR
RtjST I Five hundred reward for any ease
jar"" s *^a Wf> cannot cure. This secret remedy
3 »_Ji stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
KSifl j^3< Emissions, Impctenoy, Varicocele,
jtJTS kTVifj ' ; n r»hoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
'aSeO rWrt Lost Manhood and all wasting et-
iß^^fe^Eji tects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
Ctt-LSI-iS'iir 1 sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. 16 ; kii-it-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 563 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
for Bale at 1073% Market Ft., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases, quickly cured. Send for free book.
WONG WOO,
P^ll CHINESE TEA AND KERB
fejP 2 SANITARIUM,
764-66 CLAY ST., San Francises, Oil.
*mil*f!&f%&£wn All diseases cured exclualv*.
•55f«fi'»TT*gl** 17 by Chinese herbs, over 3X)I
'■■"';'»* varieties being used. AUVICQ
FRF.E. . Hours. 9:30 to 11 ». in.. 1 to 3 and 7 tui
D p. m.
4fjtp)%3S iiJS *sglfii remt-ily for Gonorrliu-a,
LTHKb^IkW {'Jpet, Spcrmatorrhaa,
J&ghriß l tos.i»Ti.>jj Whites, unnatural .'•a-
Ateiff Coitiai't'i y charges, or any influrarna-
Ktaca not to stricture. ticn, irritation ur ulcera-
p||^'aPrerenu connglop. tion cf mm co us niem-
&>V|tHeEvAN3 CHEKirM.no. braces. Non-astringent.
VSt-\ciN(;wHATi.o S5J| >SoS " hr 5lrQ 1 »«»-
VS^i^ V. 8. a 3^^ ?r? r Bent iv plain -wrapper,
/*«#£i»«^__-^^r«l 27 express, prepaid, for
'•vC^c&jfe?^^^ .}i.oc), or :; bottles. yi.Vj.
-» I *^*' ■ Circular B«nt ou rwiuaat.
■ - ■ ■
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTOilNfir-Ar LAW,
Tenth Floor. Koom 1015. Clans spreckel* Bids.
. » Telephone 3rown 91L . ■
Residence. 821 California street. below
Powell. San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE 3
great > Mexican remedy: gives health and
■trenzth to the sexual organs.
■- ■ .. ■> ■ ■■■■ ■_ ..,i..  ■ . ..'■..-; - .---■,"'ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
GAMBLERS'
PETITION TO
BE DENIED
Emeryville Trustees Meet
and Take Unanimous
Action.
All Are Opposed to a Renewal
of the Degrading Scenes
Once Common in
Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. J me IS.
The Ordinance and Judiciary ' ommittee
of th© Emeryville Roan] of Trustees held
an important meeting last night and de
cided unanimously that there should be no
poolrooms in the town.
A majority of the Trustees assured The
Call to-dfey that the petition which has
aroused such a storm will not receive any
Bupport whatever.
The attempt to secure permission from
the Emeryville Trustees to open pool
- in the little town has raised strong
opposition, and the Trustees of Emer>>
ville are being closely watched by the
whole county for the purpose of seeing
how they will record their votes next
Monday night.
Emeryville is only a few minutes" ride,
frirn Berkeley. Oakland and Alameda.
while it is well known that if poolrooms
were wide open a. large contingent of bat
ting people would daily come over from
Francisco. The experience of Oak
olrooms that were located
on Eighth street a few years ago was
: hat no one is anxious to see it re-
Many merchants while counte
rs genuine horse races, think that
the six months it prevails at Emeryville
Is ah too much in each year, be
lt draws more money from the
pockets of those who would spend it in
■ - than is returned t>> those who draw
business directly from the track.
It has been often said by men in busi
ln this city that there is a positive
NO HOPE FROM TRUSTEES.
W. Fieldmick, Town Trustee — The peopla who signed the petition for
oms are not those who have the interest of the town at heart. All who
are Interested in the welfare of our town seem opposed to the establishment
ma here. No action was taken by the board a week ago when the
on was presented, because one member of the ordinance and judiciary
mittee was absent. The commitee will report unanimously against
granting the petition. I was elected to represent the people, and as I have
in the past voted as they desired, so will I in this matter. The petition will
not secure a single vote.
J. S. Emery, Board of Trustees— There will not be a vote for the peti
tioners. The matter was carefully considered for several days before any
action was taken. The committee met last nig-ht and will recommend that
the petition be refused. I have seen the demoralizing effect of poolrooms
in San Francisco and I never will assist in permitting it here. The young
men are the sufferers from such work and our members will not permit it
here. The vote Monday night will settle the whole matter peremptorily as
far as the Board is concerned..
Trustee P. J. Storer, chairman ofthe Ordinance and Judiciary Commit
tee, which reported unanimously against the petition, said: "I do not desire
any publicity in this matter. My vote will be public and will express my
sentiments. I do not desire to give any reasons for the way I look at the mat
ter. I will attend to my store and leave every one alone."
The other members of the board, W. H. Christie and J. T. Doyle, could
not be found, but the assurances of their friends and other members of the
board indicate a unanimous defeat of the petition Monday night.
falling off in the bulk of business on the
:.«*t or November, which is the day on
which the races open for the season, and
there is a -feeling somewhat akin to relief
when the season la over. Even the most
enthusiastic supporter of racing agrees
that six months is the limit this district
tand. Now that it is the intention to
try to open poolrooms so near to this city,
JO available to such a large popu
lation where gambling on Eastern I
with all its contingent crooked work can
i.rried on, !h.;ie is an outbreak of
strong opposition.
This opposition has a legitimate founda
tion independent of any sentiment that
may arise. When the racing is on man>
thousands of dollars are spent for food
for hundreds of employes, for hay for
the horses, and for all the expenses of
the large colony necessary to maintain
the track, amounting to several hundred
•-. The amount of money taken to
ick and lost in betting comes back
through these sources, but should pool
f-H'.ing be permitted on Eastern races it
will be a. constant drain on the commun
ity with no return. Many who would not
go out of their way to advance a purely
moral argument against poolroom gam-
Mine, are bitterly opposed to it for the
commercial reason just given.
NO CURSE WANTED.
Town Officials and Many Mer-
chants Condemn Open
Poolrooms.
EMERYVILLE, June 18.— The feeling In
tha town regarding poolrooms is shown
by the following: expressions of opinion
made to-day to a Call reporter:
Recorder Quinn— The people of this
town do not want any poolrooms. Those
who signed the petition did not know
what it carried with it. That cuts a
small figure, for those who are influential
will not listen to such a proposition.
There will not be a single vote for the
petitioner.
Landegrin, the poolroom promoter, says
he will build a house on his property near
the stockyards. Does he think people will
go out there to bet? I don't, and besides
if he is allowed to run a place what is to
hinder others from doing the same? This
building next door is the best arranged
place for poolrooms In the State. Would
not some one take it and run it in oppo
' He cannot keep any one out who
desires to come in. The signers are his
friends. A saloon-keeper who had taken ]
in S^ >>r $:! while Landegrin treated could
not rt-fuHe to sign his petition. It will
:■ &o, I'll tell you.
•burn, postmaster— Public opinion
Is against poolrooms in this town. The
racetrack is bad enough, and only the
saloonmen, who believe that they will
take ii; a few more nickels, are all thßt \
favor the scheme. Some say it is not fair j
to licfi)^'- one ;i;i<l refuse another. Well,
It may not be, but Tom Williams has put ,
in a lot of money here and has fenced in
his track, and you must pay a -dollar to
get In. Hut suppose places were estab
lished outside, it would be the ruination of !
every man here. They are getting every
bit of th« manhood of our community
how. if they had open poolrooms they i
would get our women and children, too. j
No, they will never get poolrooms here.
I know that. I am on the inside enough
to know that no license will ever be grant
ed them under any conslieration. We
had a Chinese lottery here for a time and
it became so bad that every cent the boys
could scrape together went there. The
saloonkeepers wfre the first to complain.
They declared that they were not paying
rent, leaving alone their other bills. Ev
ery time the ironworkers stopped to cool
off they made a dash to the Chinaman's.
That was enough for this place. We
want no more.
Mr. Christie declared that the proposed
ordinance should never pass while he was
a member of the Board, and I know he >.
means it. Mr. Doyle will never vote for
the petition.
L. J. Westlake, druggist, San Pablo and
Park avenues — I signed the petition for
poolrooms, but I am not nor never have
been in favor of them. I decidedly object
t.> having them where I do business, but
a man has to give in occasionally. 1 told
the man who presented the petition that
h< would be back with another one inside
of a year seeking signatures to have the
poolrooms removed. They take every
thing out, but never leave anything to
speak of. No good ever arises from them
in any manner. If no one else will allow
them an abiding place 1 see no reason
why they should be allowed here.
£3. W. Webb, merchant — Poolrooms will
never be allowed in this town. The people
don't want them and that settles it.
There is no one here to support such an
institution. The track is supported from
San Francisco, and if poolrooms were
started they would have to support them.
Escaped Lunatic Captured.
OAKLAND, June 18.— Robert Farley, the
lunatic who escaped from his keepers
while being removed to Stockton Thurs
day night, was captured under a doorstep
at 5:20 Moss avenue this afternoon. Ser
geant Green, Officers Curtiss and Sherry.
Police Clerk Lon Agnew and Citizen F.
W. Stonicke assisted in taking the pris
oner. Farley was reported as being
around Fabiola Hospital. All of the above
named but Stonicke mounted wheels and
started for the hunt. They found Farley
alongside of a field watching the men at
work. When he saw the officers he ran
toward Piedmont, thence through Keller's
nursery and did his best to escape. He
was cornered in a dooryard. <vhere li»
crawled under the steps. He was soon
pulled out without resistance. He de
clared he had had nothing to eat since his
escape He showed no signs of injuries
from his jump from the train. Jailer Lane
started again with him for Stockton to
night.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
FRANK P. THWAITES
DIED OF PNEUMONIA AFTER
THREE DAYS' ILLNESS.
.
Rather Than Be a Minister He Drove
a Streetcar and Served With
Distinction on News
papers.
OAKLAND, June 38. — Frank P.
, Thwaites, stenographer to the District
| Attorney and the County Justices' courts,
i died with pneumonia at his summer cot
tage in Trestle Glen shortly after 1
o'clock this morning, He had been ill
only two days. Few of his most inti
mate friends even knew of his being iIL
Mr. Thwaites was alone at the time of
his death, his wife and 2-year-old daugh
ter having left for Chicago some time
ago. Mrs. Thwaites was notified by wire
and directed that the remains be shipped
to her for interment. The deceased was
a member of the Elks, Athenian, Bo
hemian, Reliance and Acme clubs and
very popular among all of his acquaint
j ances.
Mr. Thwaites was born in India thirtv
one years ago, but was educated at Har
row, England. His father desired him to
be a minister and a falling-out ensued
owing to which the son left home and
came to this country. He first drove a
| streetcar in New York; later he went to
I work on the Herald as a reporter. Here
: he made a great hit in the descriptive ac
: count of the trial trip of the Dolphin
j which failed to make the required speed.
He was for a time the Washington, Lon
don, and, later, Paris correspondent for
the same paper. Then he went on Lon
don papers and reported the bombard
ment of Alexandria for the Telegraph
On his return to the United States he
! went into the Geological Survey for three
years. Then he went to the Pacific Bank
of San Francisco as stenographer, where
he remained until 1892, when he was ap
pointed to the position he held at the
time of his death.
In 1894 he was married to Miss Sarah
Morse, who is now visiting her sister
Mrs. Val H. Higgins, 4948 Woodward ave
nue, Chicago.
. » ■ _
DROWNED IN LAKE CHABOT.
Martin Buckley, a 16-Year-Old Boy,
Loses His Life While
Bathing.
OAKLAND. June 18.— Martin Buckley,
a lad 16 years of age, was drowned in
Lake Ghabot this afternoon. Buckley has
been away at school for the spring term
and only returned yesterday to his par
ents, who live in San Leandro. This af
ternoon he and several other lads were
bathing in the lake when Buckley was
overcome with cramps and drowned be
fore assistance could be given him. ■ The
body was recovered this evening and
brought to the branch Morgue at San
Leandro. _
Carmen Will Make Merry.
OAKLAND, June 18.— The Carmen's So
cial and Benevolent Society, which was
organized by the employes of the street
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
car lines of this city about two months
ago, will give its first ball at Masonic
Hall Wednesday evening. Extensive ar
rangements are under way to make it a
grand affair. Special cars will be run on
all the lines at the close of the festivities,
which will be well into the small hours of
the morning. The following committees
are in charge of the affair:
Arrangements— H. L. Boyle, A. B.
Parker, E. M. Skain and K. Doolan.
Reception— C. McDonald, A. B. Parker,
W. lngals, S. R. Longwell. J. Gillogly, F.
E. Elliott. B. B. Booth and F. Sehimer.
Floor manager, G. Doolan; assistants, E.
Skain, P. H. Smith.
Floor— A. Ross, G. Crane. W. Moore, W.
Heaner, S. Yoast, G. W. Brown, I.
Thompson and D. B. Parker.
PASTOR'S SILVER JUBILEE.
Father Kline Honored at St. Eliza
beth's Class Exercises.
OAKLAND, June IS.— The commence
ment exercises of St. Elizabeth's School
at Fruitvale were held last Wednesday,
under the direction of the Dominican Sis
ters. The event was doubly pleasant,
commemorating as it did the silver jubi
lee of the pastor, Rev. M. Kline. The
class rooms were prettily decorated by the
sisters and friends of the young lady
graduates.
The ceremonies began at 8 a. m. with
solemn high mass at the church, Father
Kline being celebrant, Father Lambert
deacon and Father Ronnald sub-deacon.
The following young ladies received
diplomas: Misses Grace Helen Touhey,
Sophia Agnes Kreig. Mary Ellen Finley.
At the conclusion of the programme the
pastor, Father Kline, was presented with a
purse, the gift of scholars and friends.
The father was quite affected by their
heartfelt wishes, and thanked them, in a
neat little speech. At the conclusion of
the exercises the young ladies adjourned
to the class rooms, where a dainty lunch
was spread by the Dominican Sisters.
Railroad Crossing Franchise.
A.LAMEDA, June IS.— At the meeting of
the City Trustees next Monday night the
matter of granting a franchise for a rail
road crossing on Webster street near the
estuary bridge will come up. It is prob
able that the franchise will be granted on
condition that the company put in gates
and maintain a flagman at that point.
There is a Bentiment, however, among
people who use that thoroughfare that it
would be better to have a bridge. Traffic
is constant, and with a grade crossing
there will be great danger and much de
lay. The street will have to be graded up
several feet in order to meet the railroad
grade, and it would cost but little more to
lower the street and raise the track so
as to permit a bridge to be built.
They Will Remember the Maine.
ALAMEDA, June IS.— Willie Murray and
Raymond Wolff, aged 12 and 14 years re
spectively, and living on Lincoln avenue,
will remember the Maine as long as they
live. They were firing salutes with a
small brass cannon, and were bombard
ing miniature Spanish forts and ships,
when the weapon exploded and blew the
youngsters full of powder and bits ol
brass. They were painfully but not seri
ously injured, and will probably wear the
scars of their exploit all their lives. .
A Suit Appealed.
ALAMEDA, June IS.— Some time ago
Marcus White sued the city of Alameda
1 for $240 alleged to be due him for four
months' service as city teamster. He per
formed no service, as the Trustees let the
• teaming by contract, but as no resolu
; tion was passed explicitly discharging
■ him he thought he was entitled to pay.
The suit was decided against him in the
, lower court, but he has now appealed to
I the Supreme Court.
Alameda News Items. •
i ALAMEDA. June X— The Red Cross So
• ciety of this city now has $1207 37 in bank.
It will begin making cloth caps for the
i soldiers next week.
J. R. Bigler, a livery stable keeper of
I this city, has filed his petition in insol
i vency, with liabilities of J5473 63, and nom
inal assets.
< aptain H. H. Todd of this city, a vet
: eran of the civil war, has applied to the
President for an appointment of some
I kind in the service of the Government.
F. J. Fitzpatrick. who is en route from
Seattle to San Quentin under sentence of
life imprisonment for a murder committed
in Dyea, Is a brother of Miss Mary Fitz
patrick and Mrs. Mary Dickson, a school
teacher in this city. They claim that he
is innocent and did not have a fair trial.
Red Cross Society.
BERKELEY, June IS.— There was a full
attendance at the meeting of the Berke
ley branch of the Red Cross Society held
last night at the residence of Mrs. C. R
GreenU-af. Among other measures the
society agreed that it will not make any
charge for membership, but that any one
who volunteers so to do may work under
the Red Cross without an initiation fee.
The treasurer's report showed a lack of
funds for purchasing materials with
which to furnish supplies for the troops
and the committee on finance was ap
pointed to solicit contributions at once
A committee, consisting of Professor
Thomas R. Bacon Mrs. A. Marquand, Dr
J. Coyle and A. w. Naylor, was appointed
to arrange for a celebration on the Fourth
of July. urrtJer the auspices of the Red
Cross. The society accepted an offer from
the Berkeley Evening World turning over
to them the issue of the paper for July
20. On that date there will be a Red
Cross edition of the World, all the receipts
from which will be given over the society.
The Sugar Beet Pest.
BERKELEY, June IS.— Further investi
gation into the sugar-beet pest reported in
yesterday morning's Call shows that the
insect may not be so harmful as was at
first suspected. Professor Woodworth of
the college of agriculture was of the
opinion that the pest might be something
altogether new in California, prooablv
coming wuh the beet seed recently lrn
ported from Europe. He now thinks that
it is probably an insect which has made
its appearance before in all beet-growing
districts, in which case no harm need be
expected from it.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, June 18.— The Berkeley Pardee
Club will hold a meeting: Monday night in
Golden Sheaf Hall at 8 o'clock.
Cllve Day, instructor in political economy
in the University of California, will leave for
the East next Tuesday. He will not return
to Berkeley for the next college year, but ex
pects to take special studies in Germany and
France.
Mrs. E. R. 818, -widow of the late Professor
Sill of the I'nlverslty of California, will arrive
from the East early this week. She comes to
make arrangements for the publication of a
volume of Professor Fill's essays.
Town Assessor Wells Is now preparing- the
municipal assessment roll. It is expected that
the valuation of property will be $50,000 less In
West Berkeley than last assessment, with a
corresponding increase in ths business portion
of tha town. '-
The Columbia Volunteer Fire Company gave a
smoker this evening In Golden Sheaf Hall. In
addition to a musical programme there were
bnxing and wrestling matches between mem
bers of the different fire companies.
THE DRUIDS.
The following named have been elected
officers of the general relief committee of
the U. A. O. D.: Henry A. Chase, presi
dent (re-elected); F. E. Caler, secretary
(re-elected); M. P. Botelho, treasurer.
Templar Grove at its last held meeting
decided to keep in good standing any of
its members who are enlisted or shall en
list in the Bervlce of the United State*
in the war with Spain.
Pleasanton Grove initiated three candi
dates at its last held meeting. Aurora
Grove conferred the third degree on four
candidates.
The Joint picnic of Templar and Golden
Star groves last Sunday was well attend
ed, and there was much enjoyment for
those who were there. A number of cash
and other prizes were distributed.
The grand officers have been very busy
during the past few days preparing their
reports, which are to be presented to this
Grand Grove at Its next meeting in this
city. The order made a fair gain in men'i
bership during the past year, and the re
ports will show that more money was ex
pended for relief than in any previous*
year. Financially the order is in good
condition, and the officers predict a brig-ht
future for it.
ROYAL ARCANUM.
Argonaut Council will give an old-fash
ioned smoker in its hall next Thursday
night In celebration of the twenty-first
anniversay of the order. Golden West
Council has been invited.
At the recent session of the Supreme
Council, held in Cleveland, Ohio, last
month, that body provided for a half mil
lion reserve fund and made a number of
changes that will prove beneficial to the
order. Thomas A. Parish, supreme
warden, was commissioned deputy su
preme regent for California, and lie will
probably return to this State next month
to continue the work to tfie end that a
grand council shall be instituted.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
KNOWLES IS
ACQUITTED
No Need for That Flight
to Texas.
PROSECUTION WAS WEAK
FAILED TO SHOW WHERE THE
FORGERY WAS DONE.
The Jury Instructed That It Had No
Alternative but to Vote
to Release the De
fendant.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 18.
W. A. Knowles was acquitted this morn
ing by a jury in Judge Greene's court on
the charge of forgery.
The acquittal of Knowles is the result
of defective prosecution. When Judge
Greene took the bench this morning he
read the instructions to the jury. After
covering the ground traversed by the evi
dence the court advised the jury to ac
quit. In the first place It had' not been
shown that the alleged forgery was com
mitted in this county, and, secondly, no
proof had been offered to show that there
was any mortgage on the property in
question and therefore it had not been
shown that the release of the mortgage
which it was alleged Knowles had crim
inally altered was a release of any valid
instrument. The jury retired and in flf
teen minutes brought back a verdict of
not guilty.
Tiiis ends a case which has occupied the
attention of real estate men in this coun
ty for nine months. In the fall of 1897 the
Grand Jury then in session indicted
Knowles for forgery, which consisted in
manipulating a release of a mortgage
from the university regents so as to make
it appear that about a dozen lots more
had been released than the document
showed before being filed. Regent J.West
Martin gave the Grand Jury the testi
mony upon which the indictment was
issued.
Knowles to avoid prosecution fled to
Texas and was brought back. At the first
trial the- jury disagreed. A few weeks
ago Knowles was surrendered by his
bondsmen and when the case came to
trial again a technical fight was made by
his attorneys from beginning to end.
Their instructions to the jury were hand
ed to the court yesterday and Judge
Greene studied over them for several
hours. This morning they were satisfac
tory to him and showed that the indict
ment was incomplete and the presenta
tion of the evidence for the prosecution
was such that it did not show the com
mission of the offense.
The trial of Knowles hap been long and
the expenses of arresting him and bring
ing him back from Texas have been quite
large, and it has been wasted. Knowles
was prosecuted by District Attorney C. E.
Snook and defended by Attorneys A. L.
Frick and Emil Nusbaiimer.
Many a family has had its number re
duced by death because of the persistent
refusal of the maids to boil the dish
towels as should be done, and thus re
move the incipient causes of disease.
DEATH WAS INSTANTANEOUS.
Henry Magini Fell Through a Skylight in
the New Ferry Depot.
Another fatality occurred at the new ferry and union depot yesterday.
Henry Maginl fell through one of the skylights to the floor below and was
killed instantly.
When the work of putting the stone on the iron framework was first be
gun a man had his life crushed out under one of the blocks that was be
ing raised by a derrick. That was on the ground floor, and now another
man has met his death In the construction of the building.
The work of getting the building ready for the official opening on July
1 has been rushed for a week past. S. Moringa secured the contract for
cleaning all the skylights and windows, and he at once put a large force of
men to work. Among them was Henry Magini. He was at work on the
roof and, being venturesome, was warned to be careful. Yesterday he
slipped and fell on one of the skylights immediately over the Tiburon
ferry offices. The half-inch glass would not bear his weight and he crashed
through and fell forty feet to the floor below. An examination at the Har
bor Receiving Hospital showed that his neck had been broken. The body
was removed to the Morgue.
A LIEUTENANT
NO LONGER
A- A. Moore Resigns
From the Cavalry.
MODELED IN GINGERBREAD
AN ENTERPRISING BAKER HAS
CHECKED PATRIOTISM.
The Useful Organization Has Been
Impeded in Its Progress by
Many Jokers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 18.
First Lieutenant A. A. Moore Jr. has
resigned from the Oakland Light Cavalry.
Since Mr. Moore, about a month ago,
took upon himself the responsibility of
signing- the roll of the cavalry, he has had
more than enough of reminders to con
vince him that a resignation would be
agreeable to him.
"There are some things that are not
pleasant," said Mr. Moore, "and one or
them is being 'done brown.' It is one
thing to be decorated with military in
signia, and it is another thing to belong
to an organization that is treated as a i
joke, and to be made in gingerbread and
plastered over with sugar epaulettes in a
store window."
There is nothing metaphorical in Mr. j
Moore's speech. It is to be construed lit- i
erally. A few days ago an enterprising
baker, realizing that the Oakland Light
Cavalry was the best thing of the hour. ■
decided to make capital out of the fash
lonable brigade. He procured a complete j
list of officers, and a couple of days latei
the Oakland Light Cavalry, beautifully
done in sugar and gingerbread, was oii
display in his window. They were all j
mounted on gingerbread and taffy horses, ;
and in the plume at' each was a sign bear- |
ing the officer's name. This was too i
much. A constant crowd gazed at the j
cavalry and "joshed" the originals as j
well as the counterfeits. No one was i
more popular than First Lieutenant A. A. j
Moore Jr. Mr. Moore could be bought tor
10 cents, small size, or two bits, large
size, carrying a flag. There being no law j
against making light cavalry in ginger- j
bread, Mr. Moore decided that he would
at least rob the joke of the point in it
by resigning.
In other ways the light cavalry has |
i. During a trial in the Superior ;
Court a few days ago, one of the attor- :
neys referred to the Oakland "Light
headed" Cavalry, and in a paper before
the Nile Club, at which many were pres- j
ent, Charles A. Doyle spoke of it as the i
Oakland Light "Camelry.* 1 There is in!
Oakland a colored gentleman seven feet
high, who sweeps chimneys, and has been
known for ten years as Major Waters.
The major figured in a trial last week,
and on being asked by ex-Mayor Chap
man, "How did you acquire your title
Mr. Waters?" he replied "In the Oakland
Light Cavalry, sah.
The light cavalry is composed of the
best young blood in this community, and
every one- regrets that some of those who
are too old to join the crack organiza
tion should have taken upon themselves
the task of ridiculing it. The company
has had regular drills, but has not been able
to progress as it should have done on
account of .the jocular spirit with whi^h
it has been regarded. The enterprising
baker, however, capped all previ.-us cli
maxes.
/\gua Galiervte.
The guests at present sojourning at the
springs are Mrs. Felicia Hoge, Miss Irene
Horn, Mr. and Mrs. George D. Fay, Miss
Isabelle Fay, Harvey Fay, Colonel and
Mrs. Mendell, G. W. Mondoll, D. J. Mans
field, Dr. and Mrs. H. J. Jnnps, Brendley
Blanc, San Francisco. Mr. and Mrs Felix
Man-use, Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Smith
Mr. and Mrs. Leon Thomas, Alameda
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
The entertainment that was given on
the evening of the 9th was a decided suc
cess, both as to attendance and to merit
of the propxame that was presented, un
der the direction of a committee named
by Aurora, the lodge that gave it. There
were remarks by Protector Krueger reci
tation by Mrs. "Woodman, instrumental
solo by Miss Emma Hynes, song and
dance by little Blanche; Trelease, special
ties by John Davis, song by Master Walsh
and recitation by Mrs. A. J. Budd. Then
followed ice cream, cakes and dancing.
Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ec presided at the
piano.
Grand Protector Mrs. Wheelock, Past
Grand Prelate Thompson and Grand Sec
retary Quitzow paid an official visit last
"Wednesday to Kquity and Harmony
lodges, which held a joint session. There
was a good attendance, and after ad
dresses by visitors and members of both
lodges there was presented an en.ioyable
programme, and then all were invited to
a fine collation.
PATRIOTS ARE
FOR THE FAIR
Call's Plan Is a General
Favorite.
WOULD RAISE A PURSE
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE FA
VORS THE EXHIBIT.
General Opinion That Those Who
Remain at Home Should Do
All They Can for tha
Soldiers.
Enthusiasm continues over the work
of The Call in urging a fair for the ben
efit of the Red Cross. Too much can
not be done by those who remain at
home for those who risk their health
and lives for the benefit of the country.
The following- expressions of public
opinion show the extent of the interest
awakened in the minds of the masses:
Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy— The work of
the Red Cross is one of the most impor
tant that any community can engage in.
I am for the movement and for anything
that will aid it, whether a fair or any
other worthy means of raising funds.
\V. S. Barnes— The Call is right and its
movement is as good a thing as has ever
been started in this community.
United States Judge Morrow— l am for
The Call movement and for all things of
such a character as aid the Red Cross in
this honorable way. It is as little as can
be done by those of us who stay at home
to raise funds for the movement.
District Attorney H. S. Foote— You may
quote me as for the movement. I claim to
be a patriot, and 1 am for all things that
aid the Red Cross. The Call has done a
good thing and it should be encouraged by
all the people in its work.
T. P. Riordan, real estate agent — A fair
such as has been suggested by The Call
would prove a success and add many
thousands of dollars to the funds of the
Red Cross Society. We who remain at
home cannot do too much to aid and as
sist those who have gone to the front to
light for the Hag of our country.
Max Popper— The ladies of the Red
Cross Society have been doing noble work.
They have been untiring in their efforts to
accord a glad welcome to the volunteers
from sister States, and have left noth
ing undone that might add to the com
fort of those who have gone to join Ad
miral Dewey and his heroes in Manila
Bay. I believe that a fair, on the plans
outlined by The Call, would prove a grand
success and bring many thousands of dol
lars to the Red Cross Society fund. I,
for one, am willing to contribute any
thing within my power to make the pro
jected fair a success.
State Senator L. J. Dwyer— Too much
credit cannot be given to the noble
women who have, during the past few
months, given their time and energies
toward making the work of the Red Cross
Society a success. Many a soldier now
cm his way to the Philippine Islands has
had cause to remember the good offices of
the Rod Cross Society. Let us have a
fair for the benefit of the fund, and I
know that every one will contribute all
within his power to make it a success.
Charles Wesley Reed— The proposed fair
for the benefit of the Red Cross Society
would, beyond doubt, prove a financial
success. In these times of war, every one
is willing and anxious to contribute
toward any fund that will be devoted to
tin- relief of our soldiers and the ones
they have left behind them. It is the
duty of those who have remained behind
the brave men who have gone to join
Dewey to see that everything possible for
their comfort and the comfort of their
loved ones be contributed. I am heartily
in accord with the fair proposed by The
Call, and my humble services are at the
disposal of those who may take charge
of the project. No man or woman or child
ever contributed to a better or worthier
cause than that expressed by the noble
and generous women of the Red Cross
Society.
Ed L. Head— The plan proposed for a
grand fair for the benefit of the Red
Cross is one that should meet the appro
val of every patriotic Californian. It will
be the means of showing that liberality
for which California is so well noted. If
I can help the project in any manner,
either as a citizen or as a member of the
Board of Education, my services are at
your disposal.
Charles H. Blinn — I am heartily in
favor of the plan of The Call
for a grand fair in the interest or for
the amelioration of the condition of
the soldiers who have gone forth to sus
tain the honor of "Old Glory," or to add
new stars to its field of blue. But I am
not entirely in harmony with the propo
sition of devoting our entire energies to
the men in the field and forgetting those
left behind— mothers and sisters in dis
tress. Among the California troops gone
and those to go are many married men,
who are leaving behind wives and chil
dren. They belong to our militia and
could not resign or be called cowards, so
they have gone forth to make bulwarks
of their bodies for the nation, and the
simple question is. Who shall care for
those left behind? This is also true in the
case of many a lad who has a mother or
sister depending on him for support. The
object of the Red Cross is to care for the
soldier in the field. It is one of the most
worthy objects ever given to woman, and
I am heartily in accord with it and its
every action, and yet, having served
more than three years in camp or biv
ouac, on the march and in all the cam
paigns of the army of the Potomac, and
having at that time become somewhat
conversant with that noble organization,
the sanitary commission, in which the
State of California was the brightest star,
I am frank in confessing that most all
we received outside the hospital came
from ' Uncle Sam. The Government pro
vides everything of actual need to the
soldier in the field. Dainties in the hos
pital, comfort bags, nightcaps, etc., are
all right for invalids, but of no particu
lar benefit to men on the tented field.
That generous soul, Claus Spreckels, rec
ognized the fact that the organization
known as the "Loyal Home Workers" is
worthy of some consideration when he
sent in his check for $1000. This organiza
tion is looking after wives, sisters and lit
tle children left in distress by husbands
and brothers who left positions whereby
they were supported for the salary paid
in the army— sls 60 per month. Let us
help the Red Cross always, but let a por
tion, at least, of our labors and money go
to that organization which reaches where
the Red Cross is not expected to go.
WANTED— HELPERS
BY THE RED CROSS
LADIES REQUESTED TO REPORT
AT 16 POST STREET.
Immense Amount of Work to Be
Done in Preparation for the
Next Expedition.
As work for the next expedition Is under
way, a great deal of assistance is needed
at 1G Post street. It is hoped that ladies
who can devote a few hours daily to sew
ing or making themselves generally use
ful will confer a lasting- favor on the Red
Cross Society by reporting to Mrs. Theo
dore S. Smith, manager of the depart
ment.
• The entertainment committee has pre
vailed upon the "Verdi Concert Company
to give its first concert on the the Pa
cific Coast in aid of the Red Cross So
ciety. The concert will be given in Sher
man & Clay's hall on Friday evening,
June 24. The programme will include se- ;
lections from the principal operas, ora
torios, etc., and with such executants as
Signor Arturo Salvini, who comes with a
European reputation as principal tenor of
the Royal Italian-Englisn and Carl Rosa
grand opera company; Miss Mac Tenni
son, a soprano, of Philadelphia, and Louis
W. "Weer, the well-known barytone. The
accompaniments will be played by
Eletcher Tllton of San Francigco. The j
concert promises to be a rare musical
treat. Tickets 50 cents and 75 cents, to be
had at Sherman & Clay's music store,
corner of Kearny and Sutter streets.
Sale of seats commences at 10 a. m. Tues
day.
The Red Cross fund took a jump yester
day to $45,1G9 98, when the money from the
art entertainment given at the Press Club
last week was turned over to the society.
The sum realized was more than $700, and
the society wishes to thank the art
students of San Francisco and the Press
Club for their efforts in behalf of the
good work. The entertainment was
planned by a committee comprising Mrs.
E. B. White, Mrs. N. Clark, Mrs. A. W.
Scott and Miss Caro Cook.
Other amounts received were: Mrs.
Ben Louis, Cross Country Club, $20; mem
berships, $14; H. Durant School' (addi
tional), 55 cents; Mrs. Winkle, $5; W. E.
Brown, three months' subscription, $50;
Butchers' Board of Trade, $100; member
ships, $1; W. P. Eichbaum, manager
Worthington Pump Company, $20; Irving
Scott School, fifth grade, $1 40; subscrip
tion through Mrs. J. J. Fader, $14 50;
Laurel Wall Club (additional), $2; Mrs. A.
B. Dinkelspiel. $10; Mrs. Alferitz and boys,
$17; San Francisco Press Club and artists
and art students, $706 70; Adams Cosmo
politan School, $8 15; Mrs. Sigmund Stern,
$20; total, $45,109 98.
Donations received yesterday were from
Mrs. Mallet, one dozen bandana handker
chiefs; Ladies Beth Israel Bush-street
Temple, eleven rollers, seventy-two shirts,
•421 pillow cases, twenty-four spools cot
ton; Miss McGahan, three pairs bed slip
pers' Friend, twenty-four comforts; Mrs.
E. S. Klink, eighty-five pillow cases;
Ladies' Aid Society, Cooper Memorial
Church; Sunset District, twenty-five com
forts; Mrs. Stella Fortman. thirty com
forts; Mrs. L. B. Holman, 118 bandages
five caps; Mrs. Sinihni, six comforts and
material; Columbia School, thirty-six
towels, twenty-one handkerchiefs, jelly;
Park Congregational Church, sixty-six
bandages; St. Luke's, twelve pillow cases.
There is a great demand for games.
playing cards, puzzles, etc., for the next
expedition, and the public is asked to con
tribute such things. The churches and
societies are also asked to prepare indi
vidual lunches for the troops to go on
the next expedition. Mrs. Lowenberg, the
chairman, 609 Van Ness avenue, would
like to know how many lunches each can
furnish.
The Vallejo Red Cross Society donated
ten Arab folding tents to the society, and
sent the following letter:
"Mrs. John Merrill, President: Dear
Madam — I to-day donate to your society
ten Arab folding tents for your hospital
department. Yours in bonds of fraternity
and patriotism.
"MRS. F. A. GARDNER.
"June 17."
The Vallejo R. C. S. has already pur
chased thirty folding tents costing $105.
The Tennessee Hospital was supplied
with cots, night shirts, clam juice, beef
extract, soap and towels, by the ladies
yesterday.
Donations of needed articles were sent
in as follows this morning: From Ala
meda Red Cross Society, 202 ticks, 33 mus
lin bandages, 20 flannel bandages, 80 sur
geon's bandages; San Jose, 5 sacks dried
fruit, 2 bags dried fruit, 147 bandages, 50
caps; Trinity Guild, San Mateo, 74 caps;
Benicia, 72 bandages, 15 pillow cases;
Rocklln, 28 pillow ticks, 20 arm slings;
Gilroy, 268 disinfectant bags from ladies
Mount Madonna Cottage; Vacavllle, 3
gases books and papers; Mrs. "Nobody,"
12 towels, needles, pins, etc.; Trinity Pres
byterian Church, 226 bandages.
A successful grabbag entertainment,
given by Miss Celia L. Moore at her resi
dence, 800 Filbert street, last Wednesday,
netted the sum of $25 50. which was turned
over to the society. Those who partici
pated in the programme were: Piano stilo,
Missps Inez and Sophie Garmeke; read
ing. Miss Celia L. Moore; piano solo, Miss
Sylvia Ciphey; song, Miss Victoria Orr:
recitation. Master Raymond Johnson and
Miss Irene Mervey; contralto solo, Miss
Marion; recitation, Miss Alma Lubber.;
a talk on the children, Miss Bartlett; fan
cy dance. Miss Annette Snook. G. C.
Thompson donated refreshments.
Two patriotic school girls, Miss Irene
Mervey of 924 Greenwich street, and Misa
Nettie Noyes of 919 Greenwich street, aged
13 and 14 years, have started a fair for the
benefit of the Red Cross, which will be
held on Thursday evening. They have
placed the tickets at 10 cents and have al
ready sold $15 worth.
The Admiral Dewey festival for the
benefit of the Red Cross will open Mon
day evening, June 20, at 7:30 o'clock and
continue for the rest of the week.
Deer J>ark Irvn.
The weather at Deer Park Inn is now
most delightful. All the freshness of
early spring prevails. Birds are singing
and brooks are singing. Wild flowers are
springing into bloom on every side; foun
tains are playing, children laughing; min
eral springs bubbling and sparkling, and,
best of all, trout biting greedily at the
artificial fly.
On Monday last Mrs. I. R. D. Grubb of
San Francisco caught a beautiful string
of trout in the Truckee.
Mr. C. E. Gibbs brought in forty large
trout from the same stream on Tuesday
last.
Among the present guests of the Inn ia
John Muir, president of the Sierra Club
The magnificent forests surrounding
Deer Park Inn attract lovers of wildnes3
and grandeur and afford facilities for
studying the conifer?, of which Deer Park
domain boasts some rare species.
Duncan Springs.
Among the guests at Duncan Springs
are Mr. and Mrs. George G. Gould, E. A.
Mudgett, wife and children. Captain Agar,
Miss F. Agar. Miss Emma Agar. Miss
Eva Howell. Mr. and Mrs. O. D. Wheeler,
Miss Lucy Agar. Miss Agnes Blair, Mr.
and Mrs. Schultz, Mr. and Mrs. C. J.
Parsons, Mr. and Mrs. J. Williamson,
Miss A. Taylor, F. Greanisen; J. E.
Collrer, George W. Kingsbury, G.
Hilton, San Francisco; S. L. Sanford,
Ukiah; Mr. and Mrs. A. Thurman, Healds
burg: Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Moke and
daughter. Mr. and Mrs. Fulkerson, Santa
Rosa. Those expected ari : Mrs. Blair
and family. M. H. Callaghan and party,
San Francisco; Mrs. W. 11. Rodda, Oak
land.
Saratoga Springs.
The following guests registered at Sara
toga Springs, Lake County, during the
past week:
I. Sweeney. N. Matticovich, Mrs. L. S.
Bee, Everett N. Bee, Miss N. Hicker,
George D. Louderback. M. L. Rosenberg,
John Meyer, George D. Drachert and
wife, San Francisco; W. M. McCart, F.
M. Peterson, Santa Cruz; C. B. Neil, Miss
Phelps. Porterville; F. G. Cottrell, Oak
land; Roy Ravone Rogers, Berkeley; E.
W. Caleff, J. K. Hanley. C. H. Jones,
Thomas B. Brown, James C. Ivers, San
Jose.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - .
* *
f /m f
|. • ®ci lL©t« I
o .■ ' ".-. : •'-<>
4 \ i
fl) -^^*^' ' O
| I
iSnenk^i
i\ ( i
fl> Gen. rorsythe says» "I am w
(\ not speaking from theory %
<> when I refer to the effects of w
< \ the Keeley treatment. I{ <
% . speak from an ample expert j \
II encc/from the closest ob> x
111 1 serration. Statements about <
\ \ the treatment being deleter^' | '
H| ous to health are bosh. It is | ;
§ exactly the contrary." ' s
*P Send for printed matter that tell« 9
Jg all about It. ■ *'< [
jP THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, <
to 232 North Main Street Los Angeles. m
A 1170 Market Street, San Francisco. i )
* #*red A. Pollock. Manager. . $
1516
THEY WISH
TO AVOID
SCANDAL
S. H. Seymour Will
Ask for a Divorce.
LEFT THE CITY SECRETLY
DOMESTIC TROUBLES THAT FUR
NISHED A MYSTER*.
The Capitalist Has Given His At
torney Instructions to Begin
Proceedings Without
Further Delay.
"^"ithln a fov; days a suit for divorce
•will be hegrun by R. H. Seymour, the
well-known capitalist, against his wife.
The suit will afford an explanation of
the capitalist's mysterious absence
from the city for a p>-rk>r] of almost
thr^p months, ;ni absence that has
caused his friends much anxiety and
has given rise to many rumors concern
ing the domestic troubles known to ex
ist in the Seymour household.
Seymour v as for many years the pro
prietor of the Russ Hou.^e and also
holds large interests hi several local
banks and mercantile bouses. He Is
also or.c of the best-known reinsmen
In the city, ;ind his has always been
a familiar figure alone: the drives in
Golden Gate Park. Mrs. Seymour is
also well known, and at one time she
obtained considerable unenviable noto
riety by becoming mixed up in a shoot-
Ins scrape in which a young physician
of this city was the victim.
For several years thf> Seymours have
been living in the Baldwin Hotel. Their
domestic quarrels and bickerings have
been of such frequent occurrence and of
eueh a violent nature that a knowledge
of them has extended iieynnd the range
of th'ir immediate friends and ac
quaintan'
About three months ago Seymour
suddenly dropped out of sight and no
one was to be found who was able or
Willing to give an explanation of his ab
t • from the city or an Intimation of
his whereabouts. At the St. George
ptables, where his teams are stabled,
and at the various road houses beyond
the park his ; -r>nce was noted and
commented on, but no one ventured to
offer an explanation of the apparent
mystery.
Brents that have transpired within
the pnst two weeks throw some light
on what has heretofore been a mystery
to the friends of both parties. After a
quarrel, the cause of which is not
Btoted, Seymour threatened to bring
suit for divorce against his wife. The
threat was met by a counter threat that
if he did so he would never live to see
the result of the suit. Roth husband
and wife were determined to make good
their threats and to avoid serious con
eenuonc^s to himself Seymour quietly
left the city and went East.
He kept the fact of his whereabouts
a secret, only his attorney, Reuben 11.
Lloyd, b*ine aware of tbe place the
capitalist had adopted as a tem
porary r^siden^e. The attorney was
Instructed to prepare the papers in a
Euit f^r absolute divorce.
Before the papers could be filed It
vas neoospary that Seymour should
eign them, and at the proper time he
returned to this city secretly and did
■whatever was necessary to be done in
the matter. He th*n left as quietly as
he had come and is now in Los An
geles. When s»"n there last evening
he attempted to conceal the fact that
lie had been in San Frnncisco since his
return from the East, and he also de
nied that he believed his wife intended
to shoot him. What he has to say on
the subject is contained in the follow
ing dispatch received from Los Angeles
last evening:
I,OS ANGELES, June IS.— "I am not
afraid of my wife. She will do me no
harm and I do not think she has any
desire to." This was the remark S. 11.
Seymour, who for twenty-eight years
conducted the Russ House In San
Francisco made to The Tall representa
tive this evening. Mr. Seymour had
Just been informed that in San Fran
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR EIGHT YEARS
Pain So Intense Would Nearly
Twist Fingers from Sockets.
Puffed Up Like a Toad.
Water Ran Through Bandages to
Floor. Had to Walk the Floor
Until Would Fall Asleep.
Fingers Peeled Like an Onion.
Doctors Could Not Cure,.
Cured By Cuticura.
About eight years ago I got sore hands, it
commenced with a kind of a burning sensa-
tion on ray fingers and on top of the hand.
"When I commenced to rub them, yon could
Bee little white pimples on the kin. I rubbed
more and more, until I felt like twisting my
fingers out of their sockets. I had high
fever, and cold chills ran over me, and so I
kept it going until I was tired out. Rights, I
had to walk the floor until I foil asleep.
My hands peeled like an onion, the finger
nails got loose in the roots, and 'the water ran
out, and wherever there was a little pimple,
there the burning flre was, and I tell you and
can prove to you, that happened at least ten
times. During the day, I had to attend to my
business, for I am running a blacksmith shop,
horseshoeing, and 1 would not shut up the
chop for anybody, but it was hard. My hands
puffed up worse than a toad. 'When I drove
horse nails, the water from my hands ran
through the bandage, on to the floor. My
customers refused to look at my hands. I had
a friend to tako me to the doctor; he gave a
solution of something to bathe my hands
with. I w.-« working every day, and did not
know what to do so I went to another doctor,
I think for a year. I found your advertise-
ment in a Utica newspaper, and I got the Co-
ItESOLVEvrand CrncrjOA Soap. The
nails hardened up and peeled off and I don't
believe there is one of the first nails left on
my hands. What I have told you is true. I
do this for your benefit and humanity's sake.
I would not suffer any more as I did, for the
whole country. CASPKR DIETSCHLER,
Feb. 22, '98. Pembroke, Ceneseo Co., N. T.
Bold thrancbont the world. Pottm Dbvo and Cbsx.
Co*r..f > r<uw > Bpi»a._U»^t» Curt JEreiy Humor, ft»«,
"I AM NOT A CANDIDATE FOR GOVERNOR."— MAYOR PHELAN.
clsco he had filed suit for divorce
against his wife, and that for so doing
Mrs. Seymour had threatened to kill
him.
P.ut the information did not seem to
frighten Mr. Seymour. He took it very
calmly and did not seem to be half as
much alarmed as he was surprised at
the fact that his contemplated action to
secure legal separation from his wife
had been made public. This was what
he could not understand.
"Why, you see," said Mr. Seymour,
explaining, "about three months ago
my wife and myself had a little misun
derstanding. I did not like the way
she had taken and she was not entire
ly satisfied with me, so I said to her
that I guessed we had better separ
ate. She did not like the idea, but I
told her I thought it was the thing to
do. I thought we would Just get a
divorce In a quiet way.
"So I went East for a two months'
trip and am now on my way back. Pa
pers in the suit have been all prepared
by my attorney, Reuben H. Lloyd.
They will be filed as soon as I return
to San Francisco, unless something now
unforeseen happens. I will be there
In all probability on Tuesday. I think
my wife and I can agree on terms of
separation satisfactorily and there will
bo no scandal.
"Xo, she will not shoot me. That's
' all nonsense."
Mr. Seymour has been at the Hollen
beck Hotel for a few days and has
made no endeavor to remain under
cover.
Mrs. S. 11. Seymour was seen in her
apartments at the Baldwin last even
ing, and when Informed that her hus
band had returned from the East and
was now in Los Angeles very curtly
replied that she supposed her husband
had money and could go anywhere he
pleased and it was nobody's business.
The news of his intention to file suit
for divorce against her only brought
forth another stinging reply. She re
fused to discuss her side of the case,
and ended the interview by saying she
wished to retire. Nothing could per
suade her to defend herself in the mat
ter, "because her affairs were her own
and the world at large had no right to
pry into them."
BROKE THE MIRROR.
James B.iley, a Blacksmith, Almost
Wrecks a Saloon on Third
Street.
James Rlley. a blacksmith, went into a
saloon at 29 Third street Inst night, and
after announcing- that he was without
money demanded a drink. Frank Woney,
the bartender, refused to serve him,
whereupon Riley picked up several glasses
which wore on the bar and hurled them
at the bartender. One of the glasses
struck a mirror, breaking It in fragments.
Woney. at this juncture, seized the in
furiated stranger and attempted to eject
him. The noise of the struggle attracted
the attention of Policemen Bush and
Tyrrell, who started to place both men
under arrest. Riley vigorously resisted
arrest, and it required the combined ef
forts of the, two policemen to place him
in the patrol wagon.
At the City Prison he was charged with
disturbing the peace, battery and mali
cious mischief. Woney was booked on a
charge of disturbing the peace, as Riley
claimed that he incited the trouble.
Monro School Graduates.
The pupils of Monro School, on Mission
road near the Five Mile House, held their
graduating exercises last Friday afternoon.
Miss Annie Hagarty, the principal, col
lected her little flock from the cowsheds,
designated by courtesy as outside prim
ary classes, into the school building prop
er. Here the 300 little tots received their
cards of promotion with as much satis
faction as if they had been their diplomas
from the State university. The residents
of the Mission road near Five
Mile House have time and again peti
tioned the Board of Education for the
erection of a large and suitable building
where the children can have that which
Is their right, a public education. But
so far no heed has been paid to the
prayer.
Sentence Postponed.
W. H. Mahonpy, the attorney who was
convicted by a jury in Judge Low's court
Thursday of the charge of obstructing a
Street crossing, appeared for sentence yes
terday morning. Ex-Judge Ferral for the
defendant made a motion for a new trial
and for arrest of judgment, stating that
Mahoney had sealed his difference with
the arresting ofllcer, \V. J. Smith, who
had no desire to further prosecute the
case, and the Judge continued the mat
ter until next Wedneßday.
A Soldier Injured.
C. E. Colwell, a member of the Minne
sota regiment of volunteers, while play
ing football at Central Park yesterday
afternoon fell and dislocated his left col
lar bone. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where the injury was attended
to by Dr. Rumwell.
French Dinner 25c.
Orange Bherbet or ice cream free. The
Ralaton, 788 Market street. •
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
SCAVENGERS
RAISING A
RARE DUST
Claim That They Are
Being Held Up.
FIGHT CREMATORY CHARGES
STEPS TO HAVE AN ALLEGED
WRONG RIGHTED.
The Owners of the Reduction Works
Assert That They Are Right,
and Both Prepare for
Litigation.
A string of garbage wagons extend
ing for the distance of a mile gave the
impression that yesterday was a very
busy day with the Reduction Works
on Eighth street, but the real reason
for the blockade was trouble between
-.he Scavengers' Union and the proprie
tors of the Crematory. The former
claimed that they were being charged
too much for the privilege of dumping
their loads at the works, and the latter
asserted that the garbage gatherers
were bringing In loads of garbage
which had been stamped down until the
wagon contained double the amount
called for by its survey. The differ
ence of opinion, which has been in evi
dence for some time, reached a climax
yesterday, and while each of the par
ties to the controversy was getting ev
idence for future litigation the string
of wagons was held in a blockade,
spreading their disagreeable odors
throughout the Mission marshes.
The Scavengers' Union has contended
for a long while that the Reduction
Works have been holding the garbage
men up and yesterday a concerted ac
tion was taken tc see if the evil could
be remedied. It is the claim of the
union that there is a scale on ea<"h
wagon, placed there by the county sur
veyor, which indicates the number of
cubic yards the wagon contains. The
Reduction Works people have been dis
regarding this scale and have charged
as high as double the amount the
wagon was supposed to contain. The
union remonstrated with the crema
tory people about the Injustice of the
thing, but receiving no satisfaction re
solved to bring matters to a head.
Yesterday morning, early, representa
tives of the union were on hand and
as each wagon came up to the crema
tory its number and the amount of gar
bage indicated by the scale was taken.
When the wagon had been dumped the
driver reported to the union members
the price he had been charged by the
Reduction Works people. A record of
each wagon was kept throughout the
day and the claim of the scavengers is
that, on an average, each wagon was
charged for two-thirds more garbage
than the scale indicated it to contain. 0
L. R. Ellert, the president of the com
pany, learned of the plan and in order
to have some figures of his own began
to measure the contents of each wagon
as it came in. This took time and by
noon the wagons extended for a dis
tance of six blocks and the line kept
increasing in length until it was a mile
long. Mr. TCliert in his statement
agrees to a certain extent with the gar
bage mf»n. He admits that he will nut
take the measurements as indicated by
the scales on the wagons, as he claim 3
they are incorrect and in no sense of
the word official. His figures t^ken
yesterday agree with those of the un
ion men in that the ratio of increase
ovfr the scale indication is about two
thirds.
"We have given them the best of It
right through." said Mr. Ellert, "but
they are ah ays dissatis.ied and are
constantly disgruntled about something.
The charge Is 20 cents a cubic yard for
dumping the garbage and is a great
deal cheaper than they could do it be
fore we built the works. We don't
measure the wagons as a general rule,
but as we have had eight months' ex
perience in estimating the amount a
wagon contains we are very nearly ac
curate in our Judgment. When we
found that the union was taking figures
yesterday we also began to keep a
record. The man at the gate would es
timate the amount in each wagon and
then when it was dumped it would be
measured In a box we have for the pur
pose. In each Instance we found that
our estimate was under, rather than
over, the actual amount in the wagon.
One scheme worked by the sca%-engers
is t.i pack the garbage into the wagon
by stamping the contents for some time
and thus they are able to get nearly
twice as much In as the wagon Is sup
posed to hold. This we claim is noth
ing less than an attempt to defraud us
and we have been obliged to take
means to protect ourselves."
The union, thro gh its lawyers, hopes
to bring the Reduction Works to time,
and if necessary will try to have the
franchise taken away on the grounds
that the company is not living up to
Its agreements. If this cannot be done
and the Reduction Works people con
tinue to charge as heretofore they say
that the union will take steps to charter
barges with which they can take their
garbage out beyond the three-mile
limit and dump it into the ocean, thus
doing away with the expense of the
Reduction Works.
FORESTERS WILL' HELP.
Courts and Circles Organize to Help
Soldier Foresters and Their
Families.
The representatives of fourteen courts
and a like number of circles of the Com
panions of the Forest of America met
last night in the Alcazar building for the
purpose of organizing the Relief Associa
tion of the Foresters and Companions of
the Forest of America, which shall have
for Its purpose the assisting the Foresters
who have enlisted and to provide for the
families of such soldiers who may dur
ing the absence of the breadwinners at
the front llnd themselves in need of as
sistance.
Sol Shabon was elected temporary
president; Mm A. B. McLuth, vice-pres
ident; Mrs. E. A. Carahar, second vice
president; William Lynch, secretary; and
E. P. Flgel, treasurer.
Addresses were made by Mrs. McLuth,
Jacob Label, Mrs. Oarahar, William
Lynch and others, and a general Idea of
the work to b<* done was advanced. It
was that there should be raised a fund
with whi'h to provide articles of practi
cal use for the Forester soldiers, and
help the families of such, and also help
such families to help themselves by find
ing employment for them.
A committee of five was appointed to
prepare a plan of organization for the
association to adopt at a meeting to be
held next Saturday night.
DEFENDING CRIMINALS.
During the past two months several
complaints have reached Captain Glllen
of the Seventeenth-street station of the
presence of a trio of young burglars who
made their unwelcome presence felt in
the Sunnyside section of the city. To
catch these housebreakers Officers Stan
ly and Edner were detailed on special du
ty. In searching for them last night the
officers entered the saloon kept by Frank
Barris on Randall street and there found
one of the men, named Morris Murray,
for whom they were looking, and imme
diately placed him under arrest.
This act did not please Harris, and he at
once started in to make it warm for the
officers. After being well clubbed he was?
finally BUbdued and handcuffed to Mur
ray and taken tn the station and charged
with battery, while Murray was booked
for burglary.
The arrest of Murray will be a source
of relief to householders on the western
ridge of the hill, as he and his compan
ions, who are known to the officers, have
given the people in' that section a great
deal of annoyance.
Plundering Vacant Houses.
During the past week or bo several com
plaints were lodged with Captain Gillen
of the Seventeenth-street station, of the
plundering of vacant houses in which the
pipes were cut out and carried away. The
watch was notified to keep a sharp look-
out for the prowlers, and as a conse
quence Officer W. King caught Charles
Aubertine, a young man, coming out of a
vacant house on Fair avenue and Mis
sion street yesterday afternoon with a
sack tilled with lead pipes which he had
cut out of the joinings in the house.
A Practical Offer.
The following liberal practical offer is
a sample of the enthusiasm with which
The Call's project is being received:
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: In regard to
the proposed lair, to be glvon under th* aus
pices of Thn Call for thf> benpllt of the Red
Cross Society, ami as there is usually some
costuming to be done in sr.ch affairs of this
kind, I beg to sny It will Rive me Kre/it pleas
ure to loan you anything in my line of busi
ness free of charge. Yours very respectfully,
H. ANDERSON.
Pickpocket Caught:
Edward Curtis, a young man, was de
tected in the act of trying to pick a wo
man's pocket at the corner of Third and
Market streets last niglit. He was pur
sued by the woman and several citizens
and was finally capturea by Policemen
Tyrrell and Tracey on Mission street. At
the City Prison he was charged with an
attempt at grand larceny. The woman
whose pocket he tried to pick is Mrs. Mc-
Carthy of 232 Minna street.
Swedes Will Celebrate.
Sweden's national holiday will bfi fit
tingly celebrated by the Swedish-Ameri
can Patriotic League on Friday next at
Shell Mound Park. A programme of mv-
Blc, dancing and games has been ar
ranged and a splendid time is anticipat
ed.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub aad BWlmmlng baths, North Beach.
SOLDIERS
READY TO
REVOLT
Favored a Law Break
er in the Guard Tent.
AN OFFICER'S READY SWORD
A CAROUSAL ENDS WITH SERI-
OUS CONSEQUENCES.
Private Chapman of South Dakota
Attempts to Clean Out the Mon
tana Camp and Receives a
Fractured Skull.
Private Frank Chapman of Company
H, First South Dakota, is lying In the
hospital of his regiment with a frac
tured skull, the result of pay day and
its glorious possibilities.
Lieutenant Conrad, Company H,
First Montana, remains closely at his
camp, and ■with anxiety awaits the
time when the surgeons shall be able
to determine whether Private Chapman
will live or die.
The fight In which the private was
the victim was furious, though a short
one, and for a moment it looked as
though the Montanas were to be
plunged Into the internecine strife that
has before threatened, and all through
the intrusion of a rank outsider.
Private Chapman had spent the bet
ter part of yesterday afternoon doing
the line of dives and gin-mills that have
sprung up on Point Lobos avenue near
Camp Merritt. His potations corre
sponded with his donations, and he
had donated all of his two months' pay.
In fine fettle for a row, and with evi
dent prepense he precipitated himself
Into a crowd of visitors who had gath
ered round the entrance, and after bru
tally beatinf one unoffensive non-com
batant he came upon the little bugler of
the regiment itself.
Chapman had .begun active operations
upon the pride of the camp and prac
tically rendered him hors do combat
when Lieutenant Conrad, officer of the
day, and a detachment of the guard
descended upon him and carried him.
fighting like a madman, to the guard
house. Every effort was made to sup
press him, but he persisted in his course
and shot off volleys of epithets that
even the camp cook would have blushed
at.
He finally made a frantic leap for
Lieutenant Conrad, and every man do-
Ing time in the lent showed a strong
inclination to back him up.
Fearing a combined attack from his
own men and the outsider the officer
knocked down the ringleader with a
terrific blow of his fist and then drew
his sword and belabored him over the
head with the handle of it. The un
doing of Chapman quelled the Incipient
mutiny threatened by the Montana
men and peace again reigned.
The extent of the belligerent Chap
man's injuries was not learned until
he regained consciousness in the hospi
tal of his camp an hour later.
He suffers from several severe lacer
ations of the scalp and a fractured
skull. What trend his injuries will take
can not be told, say the surgeons, until
late to-day.
Knights of Tara Celebration.
The Knights of Tara have completed
all arrangements for their big celebra
tion of the double events— the one hun
dredth anniversary of the rebellion of
'98 and Wolfe Tone's birthday, which will
be held Tuesday evening in Metropolitan
Temple. The chief feature of the even
ing will be a lfcture by the Rev. P. C
Yorke on "The Spirit of '98," and patriot
ic songs and speeches will be given by
well-known artists. The proceeds of the
evening will he given to the Gaelic
League of Dublin, an organizatjon
formed to perpetuate the Irish language
and Irish literature.
DELMAS' DETECTIVE
ARRESTED IN LONDON
The Spurious "Count yon Turk
heim's" Latest Exploit Was
to Swindle a Hairdresser.
LONDON. June IX.— Joseph yon Ar
nold, a private detective of San Fran
cisco, who married Jeannlne Young In
that city in April, 1897, and who deserted
her in London, is now under arrest here,
charged with obtaining £146 from a balr
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UIJJIYU ■ Ul JJIYU i
4000 "X"jl:r,:ds
Printed Silks
1 LCU \Jlil\O
HALF FORMER PRICES.
On to-morrow and following days we
will place on sale an elegant assortment
of FIGURED, BROCHE and STRIPED
INDIA SILKS, all handsome designs, at
fT*)\ ) Per yard -
BThe above silks are all white and
light colored grounds, full 24
inches in width. The former
prices were 75c, $1.00 and $1.25
Yard.
We have also received this week 100 nieces
PLAIN AND CHANGEABLE TAFFETA
SILKS, in all the new shades and*com-
iinatlons.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
dresser under the pretense that he. Yon
Arnold, was heir to ti large estate in
Germany. It has developed that the
prisoner has four wives. He waa last
married in May, 189 S.
Yon Arnold posed as a Count when he
married Jeannine Young, who at the
time had an action pending against D. M.
Delm.-ts. an attorney of San Francisco,
for the support of her son. the alleged
offspring of the lawyer. Yon Arnold's
trial will take place at the next sessions.
SUMMER ASSEMBLY OF
JEWISH CHAUTAUQUA
An Interesting Programme Arranged
for the becond Meeting at At
lantic City.
PHILADELPHIA, June 18.— The pros
pectus of the Second Summer Assembly
of the Jewish Chautauqua Society, to be
held at Atlantic City, N. J., from July 10
to 24, which has just been issued, makes
Interesting reading. For an organization
which has been in existence but four
years, its growth has been phenomenal.
Under the direction of its founder and
chancellor. Rev. Dr. Henry Berkowitz.
the society has been conducting a series
of study circles in Jewish history and
literature, and in the study of the Bible.
So successful have been these circles, that
to-day they have a membership of over
1800 in the "United States alone.
Last year the society instituted the first
summer assembly ever devoted to purely
Jewish topics. According to the unquali
fied testimony of press, pulpit and the
people, much genuine good was accom
plished in arousing enthusiasm, in stimu
lating and educating religious school
teachers and especially in awakening a
widespread interest in and for Judaism.
The prospectus of the Second Summer
Vssi mbly gives every indication that the I
results this year will be even more i
marked. The programme as arranged
shows evident care on the part of the |
projectors to provide Instruction through
a variety of channels. Popular lectures
will be delivered by such well-known men
as Bishop Vincent, the chancellor of the,
National Chautauqua Society, Rabbis Got- |
theil and Schulman, Judges Sulzbergei
and Rosendale, and others.
MUST PAY DAMAGES.
Grace Howard Held Besponsible for
Alienating Joseph Manore's
Affections.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June 18.— A
special to the Tribune from Chamber
lain, S. D., says: The jury in the case
of Mrs. Millie Manore against Grace
Howard, daughter of Joe Howard, the
New York journalist, for alienating the
affections of her husband. Joseph Ma
nore, to-night brought in a verdict,
awarding Mrs. Manore $2000 actual
damages, in addition to $2000 exemplary
damages. The case was bitterly con
tested. Miss Howard's mother and
sister from New York are here and re
mained in the courtroom with her dur
ing the trial, which developed many
sensational and dramatic features.
MERRIAM AT VANCOUVER.
A Temporary Recruiting Station to
Be Established at Tacoma.
VANCOUVER BARRACKS, Wash.,
June 18. — Major General Merriam, com
manding the Departments of the Colum
bia and California, returned here from
San Francisco to-day. Captain M. F.
Ellrich, Second Battalion. Washington
Volunteers, also arrived to-day. Captain
Ellnoh is on recruiting duty and under
orders to enlist recruits for "his regiment
hero and at Yaklma. Walla Walla and
Dayton. He is accompanied by First
Sergeants Reed, Drake, Dorr and'.Collins.
Captain C. T. Smith, First Washington
Volunteers, stationed nere. received
orders to-day to proceed to Tacoma and
establish a temporary recruiting station
for the purpose of recruiting the com
panies of the Third Battalion to their
maximum strength of 100 men. He will
leave here Tuesday.
MADERA COUNTY NOMINEES.
Republican relegates Name Their
Candidates for Ofiice.
MADERA, Cal., June 18.— The Republi
can county convention met to-day. A. C.
Shaw was elected chairman. "W. L. Wil
liams sfcr^lary and <i. <;. Parsons assist
ant secrf-tary. Resolutions commendatory
of President McKinley's Cuban policy in
dorsing Dr. A. J. Pedlar for State Sen
ator to succeed himself, and urging the
delegates from Madera County to the
State -convention to use all honorable
means to brine: about the nomination of
t'ounty Superintendent T. J. Kirk of
E resno for the office of State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, were also adopt
e"- The following candidates for county
oftices were nominated: S. W. Westfall
Sheriff: Joseph Bnrrroft. County < Ir-rk;
<i. J. Wren. Assessor; R. R. Fowler. Dis
trict Attorney; Mi V. Dutcher, Tax Col
lector 1 ; R. M. Wilson. Treasurer; W C
Rmg. Recorder; E. E. Wilcox, Auditor :
P. K. Smith. Surveyor: W. L. Williams
Superintendent of Schools; O. T. Red
field, Public Administrator; R. C Jay
Coroner; J. W. Watkins, committeemaa
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON. June IS.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: California—Or
iginal, John A. Morris. Azusa, $8; Elliott
R. Taylor, Hamburg-, 18; reissue and in
crease. Abraham Ford. Willitts, $12 to $17
Washington— lncrease, Luman E. Beach
Springriale, $6 to $8; Thomas Clark, South
-rurlv, $6 to $12.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. |
I FOR & NEXT f
NEXT »:- *ffif WEEK. |
X WEEK. (fa You wlll ?
_ ■ l-r be able v
We l^ r , buy ♦
have ll j i us
<$> picked l*i Solid' ♦
<§> out of n Oak
X our , if Rockers, ♦
'«» C . a ', r I with T
<S> stock *J . high v
$ aM f» r**\ backs, ♦
$ Rockers, *a'" 4*r*^t.Jr ' me X.
have a dSftf^ltyf^^ Q*-** 0 * <?
4> and ♦ same 5>
♦ marked fiffi*isN&% that is <p
i them f^>^P> ":,Vl Bold all ♦
$ Just ""* over the V
X one f ■ city for ♦
v FOR BABIES. |
I FOR BABIES. |
I CRIBS, CHAIRS and CARRIAGES. I
<s> <§>
$ ROCKERS NEXT WEEK. I
I $1.00 $1.25 $2.25 I
I J. NOON AN, I
4 Complete House-Furnisher, %,
| 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., 1
<^ Above Sixth. %
Phone South 14. Open Evenings. ♦
«XsHS>^KjXs>^.<S><g>^.<S>(J><J><s> < $.<s >^^<jH$ >^.<B>^,^J >< j >^^
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
.' -Act/*. . FtDKHftedi,eitracllajf«!ss.Wa»
LM^ Ctvm a * — i - **■* ■»
C^ _o^iSfe^*^^' mm „..;.„.,;„ 25c a/
•5^ " if- ,<'Si*iX*- *L> Op«n «rrening« and Suutfar*
-i^^^%VAN VROOM
•*>^^»hSJvV^ ■ Electro Dental Parlors
V -^^ Stiff if \ B!XTH AND MARKET
SW V \- O.V/.KLEISEP, 0. D.S. "
~ " | '■ - -
rrg??s\ We Rent all Makes. Few partly J
ggZ&tsL used for Sale cheap. Send for
&fc£G*rfl Samples and Prices. I
raSS&j. LV& M. ALEXANDER '
«lll|§jii& a- ™t5t 5 SMITH PREMIER ,
1 1 O MONTGOMERY ST.. S. F.,CAII
**— — ■ " ' ' '"■■ «••»
PII?TTQUI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
JDJCIUOIIIIO '-• bootblacks, bath-
houses, % billiard-tables.
brewers, ".': bookbinders, candy-makers, canner»,
dyers, 1 flourmllls. foundries, laundries, . paper-
hangers, • printers, . painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento **ALICE RIX WITH THE AWKWARD SQUAD
"Yer might fut i? crazy.
Ter lift fut is lazy,
Isut don't bo onalsy.
We'll taohe ye to folght:"
1 I ATCH mo 1 " said the sergeant "It's easy."
The Bergeant wore O B on his collar and three white stripes on his
\XJ Bleeve. The army bad marked him in his mother's womb. He came
into the world with the bullet head, the bayonet eye, the beak and chin
of a soldier. The Berviee had done the fc-st. He was cropped, cleaned,
browned, drie.l and seasoned. His shoulders were set at right angles to -his
spine, his back was flat and hi? chest was full, his legs spread like a compass,
came together like the bli i shears. He walked step! step! step! step!
"He stood like a lance In rest."
"Watch me," he said, and when you hear the order 'About face!' you do
like this."
He stood strong on the heel of his right foot, and it turned him as a pivot
turns a rod of steel. Hie left foot lightly resting on the toes swung round an
Inflexible distance from the other. His trained legs carried him without a
quiver, stopped him securely on the half turn, brought him about again, heels
>-r, with hi^ eyes upon his men.
They were formed In a squad of twelve — the rawest of the raw, the green
est of the green, the poorest of the poor. Most of them were not only new to
the army, they were new to the town. They came from the woods, the
the fields, tli-' railroad track. Their frames had been bent to the plow, bowed
to the hoe and spade, curved to the pick and mattock, crooked and stiffened
g obeisance to the soil. Their undisciplined strength afflicted them like
tfble weight; their legs and arms hung loosely to their trunks; their
heads lolled on their necks; their chests retreated into their shoulders; their
shoulders rose upon their backs. Th sir faces were honest, vague, remin
iscent, unexpectant, subtly sad. They weA sunbaked, wind-dried,storm-beat
en in the career which has no convictions and yields no experience. They
were the Bons of the soil who pass their years in looking down, from whom
their greedy mother earth takes double fur all she gives, sucks at their
imely youth, sllencea their questioning minds, chills and saddens their
them withered in their twenties.
T!v rest werq trumps.
They wore what they had to wear when they came from field and farm, or
off the track and road In answer to the call — clothes of ancient cut and am
bigruous lit In variou f destitution, some patched and brushed with
• pride, some frarikly tattered and unclean— all absurd with that absurd
ity which Includes the wearer of absurd garments, even though they cover
the K"ul of a god and hero. It is not the coat that makes the man, but It
has a to flo with one's first Impression of him.
"Attention!" l>arked the sergeant. "'About — face!"
The order went "ft" like a gun. The squad took it calmly between the
Not a man moved. Th- sergeant, turning in handsome illustration,
i over his shoulder to Bee them gaping motionless.
"Why don't you 'bout face? Didn't you hear the command? Attention!
About — face!"
This time he stood Ft ill and watched the effect of the command. It was
terrible to see. Th.-n- was a sympathetic instant of hesitation, a concerted
doubt, then the individual resolution triumphed and every man moved for
himself. Tie n the spirit moved hid leg?, and It moved one leg
one way and . Beyond the fact that they all vhirled around,
Of them two <>r three times without stopping, their movements bore no
more resemblance to one another's than they did to the sergeant's. His voice
bounded out over the scramble:
"Halt!"
Borne of them h^ard and understood. The rest kept on trying.
The sergeant wan very patient He was a good man for the place.
that spinning," he called out. "Pay attention to command. Here!
Can't you do V. I
A'.kl oh' It looked bo t-axy.
Ti.ey tried and tried. They rested on their right heels and their left
And they could do it any other way.
"The troopship's on the tide, my boys,
The troopship's on the tide."
When the ord»»r en me to Captain Carringrton to muster in for the
First Regiment of California Volunteers lie rented the almost empty Armory
of the Fir.st X. C. C. at a very moderate sum.
(Tver th.- | crept the melancholy of familiar halls disused.
This was th«, home of the First Regiment— that First which now Is
spokon at as "The old First" because it has takt?n the new oath, gone from the
spectacular service of the State to the grim service of the Government, ex
changed the comforts of the armory for the necessities of the camp, the glory
nf K"!d ii acea cc on parade for the sober uniform of the march, the play of soldler
r the business of war, the letters N. G. C. for the letters U. S. V.
No one laughs at the militia now. There is so little of it left to laugh at.
Xo one snoers at the valngioriousness of its parades. There is that march of
vpnty-third of May to remember. Xo one questions its courage. The
ris written on the rollcall of its country. The stars have risen on the
milk white fi;i#, its upper lefthand corner is bluo, the red stripes cross its
field, iind ui.der it our little tin soldiers have gone to the war.
In the library Cnptain Carrlngton had the minors up for cross-examina
tion. A youngster faced him with a touch of defiance — the touch that will be
taken out of him in the army.
You look pretty young."
The boy swaggered. "I may look young for nineteen."
"Come!" said the captain. "Nineteen isn't old you know."
"It isn't young," answered the i> li g with imger
"Sure your parents are dead?"
"Yes, I'm sure."
"Where did they die?"
"Australia."
"When?"
"Seven years ago."
"Both of them?"
"Yes."
ie time?
"Yen."
"In each other's arms, i suppose. Well, what of?"*
"They was Hick," said the boy sulkily.
"Indeed! Who's your guardian?" *
The boy brightened— "A man downstairs, sir. He's in the ranks."
THE CALL Sunday Call
toes, as he told them to rest; they
turned as he told them to turn; they
stopped as- bo told them to stop. But
their undisciplined heels flew out from
under, their untrained toes gave way
beneath, their surprised legs shook
and staggered, their unhappy bodies
balked. Now and again one of them
got the swing of it, became hysterical
with success and lost it again immedi
ately. The sun shone on their efforts.
The water ran from their pores. The
sergeant took them singly.
"See!" he said. "This is the way to
do it!"
"ONE OF THEM WORE (\ CUTfIWfIY fIND TOPPED IT WITH 0N OLD SILK TILE."
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, IS9B.
"Well, bring him up here."
The boy was prone like a streak, and another took his place.
"I see you've got your brother's consent here," began the Captain. "Ifl
your brother your guardian?"
"I guoss he is. He's the oldest."
"Father dead?"
"No, he ain't dead."
"la your mother dead?"
"No, she ain't dead."
"Get a letter from one of them.
"They can't write."
"Let your father make a cross, his mark— see! like this. Get somebody
to witness it."
"Couldn't my brother make the cross? I could witness it myself."
"Get that from your father by letter."
"I've got three brothers," said the boy desperately. "They'd all sign
anything I asked 'em to " The Captnln shook his head.
"Off with you! Who's next? What's your name? O'Mally? How many
brothers have you got, O'Mally?"
But O'Mally didn't have any. He didn't have anybody. He re.nem
bered having a mother and a father once upon a time, but he said they were
dead.
"I know me mother's dead," he added, "and I think me father's dead."
"Don't you know about your father?"
"No, sir. They sent me to the asylum when I was a kid, and I never seen
'em since."
"How do you know your mother's dead?"
"She'd a come to see me," said O'Mally confidently. "A feller's mother
wouldn't forget him."
The boy with the guardian came back. The guardian was twenty-one
and had had a little trouble to prove it. Nevertheless he had taken a father's
place to the other. So he was ready to swear.
"Where did his father die?" asked the Captain.
"Here on Fourth street, air."
"The boy says he died in Australia."
"Yes, sir," replied the guardian without a wink, "on Fourth street, Aus
tralia."
"What did you mean by saymg here' on Fourth street?"
"Mean, sir? What did I mean? Nothing at all. I didn't mean anything."
"You want to fix up these little stories outside in the hall," said the Cap
tain, grimly waving them away. "It will save you trouble. I'll see about this
boy later. Come here, Jackson!"
Jackson was about fifteen, little and trim, hard and springy, like a fox
terrier. He came smiling.
"Jackson, your mother's been here," said the Captain. Jackson wilted.
"She said she'd come back in an hour — Wait!"
But Jackson didn't care to wait. He was going out at the door with his
quick Httle step, when a sharp, swift, wiry little woman came in. They faced
each other and squared nerve to nerve.
"You would, would you?" she said, dancing up to him. And Jackson
was quick, but his mother was quicker.
It was another sort of parent who came up to the Captain, dragging a tall,
awkward lad by the arm. He saluted respectfully.
"Captain," he said, "I want you to know the kind of boy I've got to give.
I'm his father, but I must say I like his grit. He came up to the first call,
sir, and "
"Here's something for you. Captain," said the secretary. The old man
waited mildly.
"And was rejected on account of underweight, sir. So he came up again and
tried it again and now he's passed, sir. I thought you'd like to hear about a
boy like that. I thought you'd admire his grit."
"Yes." said the Captain, deep in his papers. "Yes, yes."
The old man turned to a non-commissioned officer, waiting for an order.
"These are the boys we need in the service, sir," he said. The non-com
missioned officer bowed and yawned. "This is the second time he's tried it,
you know. Got rejected the first time and went right at it again. I'm his
father, sir, but I must say, I admire his grit." His eyes turned fondly to his
son. "Captain," he said, suddenly.
"Oh! ah! I beg your pardon," said the Captain, recalled, possibly, from
Washington. "You were saying "
"If you haven't any objection, sir, I'd' like to take this boy of mine out
and give him a lunch. I don't want to spoil him for the service by petting
him, sir, but I must say. although I'm his father, I like his grit."
A gaunt man tiptoed over the carpet to the Captain's side. He came like
a shade from another world. He was hollow everywhere, of eye. of cheek,
of chest, of voice, of manner. His clothes flapped on him like washing on a
line.
"I want a word with you, sir," he rumbled, "about weipht."
"Well, what have you got to say about weight?" inquired the Captain
with fine irony.
"I'm a trifle under, sir, and I thought you might advise me how to put
on. I'll eat anything you suggest or "
"Id eat everything," suggested the Captain, sizing him up. "and all I
could of it."
"And exercises, calisthenics, sir? I find I'm a Httle weak in the chest and
about the shoulders. Do you think a week would do it, sir?"
"It would take fully a week."
"Thank you, sir," replied the shade. "I'll go about it at once. I'd like
very much to go with the boys."
"Wish you luck," said the Captain, cordially. "Look out for indiges
tion."
Isaac, the son of Abraham, possessed his soul in patience. He had been
standing with his big, liquid eyes flxeu on the Captain, his ripe moutt
pouting like a plum.
"Well, what's the matter with you?"
"They doubt my vord I'm twenty- yon."
"Can't you prove it?"
"Veil, maybe: but how vill I brove it?"
"Got a father living?"
"He gand gnra here, he's vorklng."
"He can't work all the time."
"Yes, he gun."
"What's he working at?"
"At United States uniforms."
The Captain paused. "Get him to sign it, that'll do. You're under
height. I think."
The little Jew flushed and quivered. "So vas Napnieon Bonaparte."
Tho Captain laughed. "Get under that measuring stick and see."
Isaac the son of Abraham looked at it. "I gand," he said shrewdly.
"I'm too tall."
The squad came crunching up the drive and took their place before the
hill. They carried thHr euns as new-made fathers carry new-Worn babes, in
boundless" love and fear. They were graduated from the march drill. They
had learned with heaven knows what effort to move to command.
They had bt-en drilled, drilled, drilled in the alphabet of the service until
it got first into their heads and then into their legs. They knew the mys
terious orders of tljc march one from one. They could step in concert, if not
with precision. Their sergeant called them fit to carry arms.
They had no uniforms. A few ot them had no coats. One of them wore
a cutaway and topped it with an old silk tile.
S<>"!o plrls at the entrance to the park laughed slily as they passed. A'
brat hooted them from the curb.
"They've got no coats in Kansas,
They've srnt no coats in Kansas;
And Uncle Sam
Doesn't pive a damn
If they never got coats in Kansas."
The regulars were coming in from setting up exercises in the park. Tramp,
tramp, tramp, tramp! They swept a splendid, steady, broad, blue stream
around the curb and met the Awkward Squad face to face.
"Right oblique!"
The squad turned to command and humped itself out of the way. The
regulars grinned as they passed. An early carriage dawdled on the drive,
The squad was trying to present arms. A girl leaned from the carriage win
dow and laughed frankly.
"Aren't they funny?" she said. "They're being taught how to drill."
"Yes, my dear, and how to die." ALICE BIX, |18
"THAT'S THE Sr|OT THAT TOLD. HURRAH! SHE'S STAKING HER COLORS 1"
HOW THE SHELLS AND GREAT GUNS THUNDERED WHEN WE
DESTROYED THE SPANISH FLEET AT MANILLA.
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S HIGH TRIBUTE TO JOSEPH L. STICK"
NEY, THE CALL CORRESPONDENT, FOR HIS
SERVICES DURING THE BOMBARDMENT.
"J. L. Stickney, formerly an officer in the United States navy
and now correspondent for ths Call-Herald, volunteered for
duty as my aide and rendered valuable service." — Admiral Dewey
in his official report of the famous battle of Manila to the Navy De
partment.
MANILA, May s.— lt was in the
latter part of last February
that Commodore George De
wey, commanding the Asiatic
squadron of the United States
navy, began to feel that the drift of
events was toward a warlike rather
than a peaceful settlemen. of our dif
ferences with Spain. At any rate he
decided to bring all his squadron to
gether, and he chose Hongkong as the
place of rendezvous for strategic rea
sons, the importance and value of
which were fully Justified by subse
quent events.
Commodore Dewey withdrew from
the harbor of Hongkong on Monday,
the 25th of April, in response to a re
quest from the acting Governor of
Hongkong. The commodore remained
at Mirs Bay, in Chinese waters, about
thirty miles from Hongkong, until the
afternoon of Wednesday, the 27th,
when he sailed fur the Philippines.
irwlng to the necessity of economy in
the use of coal, as well as the danger
of driving into the rather heavy sea
that was running, a speed of about
eight knots was maintained in making
the trip to the Philippines. Even at
this slow speed the heavily laden Nan
shan and Zafiro made a decidedly wet
voyage, and the Petrel also pitched and
rolled deeply.
Gun drills and other exercises kept
the officers and men occupied continu
ously during this run, and from the
time the squadron left Mirs Bay until
it came into the presence of the enemy
there was not an hour in which prepa
rations for battle were not under way.
When the tired ship's company had
finished its day's work on Wednesday,
and the Olympia had Bettled down to
the quiet of the first watch, the still
ness was broken with abrupt harshness
by the flare of the bugle, red and white
lights flashed up and down the masts
of all the ships in response to the com
modore's peremptory signal: "Prepare
for action," and in two minutes each
vessel was alive with men, who, only a
few minutes before, had been sleeping
soundly. From the bridge of the flag
ship sharply uttered orders proceeded,
and In seven minutes the executive of
ficer was able to report to Captain
Grldley: "The ship is ready for action,
sir."
Looking back along the line of ships,
dimly visible In the moonlight, it was
easy to see that every one of them was
BY J . L. STICKNEY,
Copyrighted, ISSS. by James Gordon Bennett.
stripped for battle also, and the com
modore was naturally greatly pleased
with the quick and thorough response
to his signal.
When the squadron left Mirs Bay
no official notice that war existed had
been received from Washington, but
private cable messages on Tuesday had
brought the news that Congress had
declared war upon Spain to date from
April 21. Accordingly, at the usual
"quarters for inspection" Wednesday
evening the division officers made the
Tfnnouncement to the men that war ex
isted, and the rousing cheer that went
up from every division showed that the
men regarded the long expected news
with the keenest satisfaction.
A little while later, when the men
read on the bulletin-board the bom
bastic proclamation of the Governor of
the Philippine Islands the roar of de
risive laughter that went up from the
whole berth deck was an indication
that the men were only anxiously long
ing for a chance to show the new Fu
rioso what they thought about him and
his proclamation.
Bandmaster Vallfuoco selected the
music for the evening concert on Thurs
day with especial reference to rousing
the patriotism of the "boys in blue,"
choosing many of the airs that were
popular In the North during the Civil
War, but, though those were favorably
received. It was not till the band struck
up "Yankee Doodle" that the Jackies
cheered. When the concert closed
with the "Star Spangled Banner" the
voices of at least fifty men took up the
words of each verse, the young appren
tices particularly being prominent in
the lead, and the chorus spread through
the ship from fo'castle to cabin with
an enthusiasm that carried the hearts
of all on board.
Searchlight and night signal exercise
took place during a large part of the
"flrpt watch" Thursday night, and the
progress made in working both the
lights and the signals was very satis
factory. Friday was passed without
Incident, except that the weather be
came very warm and muggy, and the
work of the men below — particularly in
the firerooms and engine-rooms — was
exhausting, far beyond what it had
been at any time this year. In spite
of the heat and the rather heavy sea,
however, the men did their work so
thoroughly that every ship kept her po
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1398.
sition with a precision that I have
never seen surpassed even in merely
practice evolutions.
Land— the island of Luzon— was
sighted early Saturday morning, and,
being now in cl"?- proximity to the en
emy, the whole squadron began its final
preparations for the battle that every
one knew was near at hand.
Aboard the Olympia and Baltimore—
and possibly some of the other ships—
the sheet chain cable was "Lighted" or
coiled around the ammunition hoists,
so as to give them considerable pro
tection. There is tittle doubt that those
Improvised shields would have kept out
many a shell if the Spaniards had shot
straight enough to hit them. Nets of
tough, pliable manila rope about as
thick as one's little finger were
stretched beneath all the boats and
were drawn across the front of the
wardroom bulkheads. These "splinter"
nets were intended to prevent the wood
work from becoming deadly missile/s
when struck by shot or shell.
All unnecessary material was thrown
overboard and in most of the ships the
men preferred to dispense with many
of their usual comforts rather than
keep dangerous woodwork In the parts
of the ship where they would have to
do their fighting. Mess chests, mess
tables, diddy-boxes, chairs, wardroom
bulkheads and a vast quantity of other
impedimenta went swimming astern
and if the currents happen to take the
stuff ashore the Luzon Islanders will
reap a rich harvest
When a few, miles distant from Subig
.Bay, a rather deep opening in the bold
and rugged coast, the Boston and the
Concord were sent ahead to learn
whether any part of the Spanish-squad
ron was hidden there. Later they were
reinforced by the 'Baltimore, the three
vessels moving at a speed of about
fifteen knots, while the- other three re
mained with the transports and
steamed at only six knots. In the
afternoon the three scouting vessels
came back, having explored Subig Bay
without finding any craft there, except
a few small sloops and schooners -which
were overhauled, but not otherwise dis
turbed.
Commanding officers now came over
to the flagship, all vessels lying motion
less on an absolutely calm sea. When
the war council broke up we soon
learned that the commodore had told
his captains that he intended to enter
Manila Bay that night, largely because
he felt sure the Spaniards would not
expect him until that favorite reckon
ing day in Spanish affairs — "Manana."
Then our ships idled along at a speed
of about four knots, not wishing to ap
pear off the entrance to Manila Bay
too early. The moon had risen and al
though it was occasionally obscured by
light clouds the night was not one in
which a squadron ought to have been
able to run through a well-defended
channel without drawing upon itself a
hot fire. Consequently at 9:45 the men
were sent to their guns, not by the
usual bugle call, but by stealthily
whispered word of mouth. Every man
wa.s long since ready and the final steps
of battle clearing were completed in
deathly silence in a very few minutes.
Off to port we could see the sullen
"loom of the land" where, fot all we
knew, tho enemy was already watch
ing our approach. Astern we could dim
ly make out the phantomlike hulls of
our consorts. Not a light was permit
ted to show in any vessel except one
at the very stern, which was neces
sary ;)s a guide for the following ship,
and this one was shaded on each side.
The speed was increased to eight
knots and we slipped past the batteries
that we believed existed on the point
north of the entrance without seeing
anything to lead us to think we had
been seen. -.
Then Corregidor Island came abeam
and every glass was turned on Its
frowning front. But not till we had
■ swung into the chief channel— Boca
i Grande, as it is called— did the lookouts
lon Corregidor catch sight of us. Then
i a bright light flashed up in the center
j of the island and it was answered by
l a similar one on the north shore.
At last a rather feeble rocket stag
gered aloft over Corregidor and we felt
sure we should soon hear their guns.
i But no. On we went, deeper and
■ deeper into the bay, and still no hostile
! move was made.
Not until most of the squadron had
i passed the narrowest part of the en
! trance did a gun greet us.
Shortly after 11 o'clock a bright
, flash from our port quarter was fol
lowed by a boom of a heavy gun, and
I simultaneously we heard the vindic
tive whistle of a shot far over our
heads.
The first hostile shot Iftid been fired
and the light was on!
' The battery whence this shot had
come was too far astern to receive any
return fire from the Olympia, but the
commodore was somewhat uneasy
about the three non-combatant ships.
He therefore signaled to the McCul
loch to take position on the flagship's
port quarter, as in that place she and
the two that were fallowing her would
be less exposed to attack.
A few minutes later the McCulloch
signaled that her chief engineer had
been taken with a stroke of heat pros
tration, and medical consultation was
asked for. Chief Engineer Randall
died twenty minutes afterward, and hia
was the only life lost in the operations
before Manila.
The Raleigh, which was steaming
along the third in line, had the honor
of firing the first shot in anger on our
side. One of her five-inch guns
roared a ready response to the Span
iards' tardy salutation, and presently
the Boston followed suit. Then an
other shot came from the shore bat
tery, and, as our ships were on the
close lookout for the flash, the Con
cord placed a six-inch shell so exactly
over the spot where the enemy had
fired that we felt confident of its good
results. We heard afterward that
this shell had burst among the Span
ish gunners, killing several, and if
this report was true it was a marvel
ous shot. A.t any rate, there wero no
more shots from shore, and, as the
commodore did not wish to waste
time on the batteries, the squadron
kept on its course.
Speed was now reduced to less than
three knots, as there was no haste.
The commodore wished to arrive off
Manila at the first peep of dawn, but
not earlier. The men were allowed to
lie down beside their guns to get what
sleep they could, but the very strictest
loc-kout was kept for the enemy's ships
and torpedo boats.
At 4 o'clock coffee and hardtack were
served out to the men and the officers
were glad to get the same frugal prov
ender.
The light? of the city of Manila had
long been in sight, and Lieutenant
Calkins, the navigator, knew his posi
tion to a nicety. Indeed, much of the
success of this bold entry into Manila
Bay by night was due to the skill and
.Judgment of the navigator, who contin
ued his patient and harassing labors
all through the battle with never-fail
ing accuracy and success. It should be
remembered that navigating a harbor
that is well lighted and buoyed is not
always the easiest thing in the world,
and in this case Lieutenant Calkin.s had
no lights nor range marks to guide him.
I am informed that special mention of
this officer was made in the official dis
patches, and he certainly deserved it.
The dawn began about 4:30 o'clock,
when we were almost six miles from
Manila. As the sun came up exactly
behind the city, the shadow cast by
the land obscured the harbor fore
ground. Finally we made out the pres
ence of a group of vessels in the port,
but before 5 o'clock we were able to
recognize them as merchant ships.
Our cruisers were now In close battle
order, the flag-ship leading, followed by
the Baltimore, the Raleigh, the Petrel,
the Concord and the Boston. We had
passed to the northward of Manila and
were heading to the south when we
sighted the Spanish squadron In the
little bay of Cavite. At this point, we
knew, the Spaniards had a wpll
equipped navy yard, which they called
Cavite Arsenal.
The Velasco was also in the harbor,
but she was undergoing repairs, and
her guns, three 5.9-inch and two 2.7
inch rapid fire guns, were mounted in
earthworks on shore. There were sev
eral torpedo-boats, two of which were
sunk during the action, and two fine
transports, the Manila and the Isla de
Mindanao, one of which was captured
and the other sunk.
It will be seen that the Spanish
squadron was inferior in every way to
the attacking fleet. If it had ,been
obliged to come out into the open sea
to fight us it would not have had the
ghost of a chance. But that which
gave the Spaniards an equalizing ele
ment was the position they had taken
under protection of the shore batteries.
It is estimated by all experts that one
gun mounted on shore is worth sev
eral aboard ship. It has a fixed plat
form, and is therefore able to fire with
much greater accuracy. Another great
advantage our enemy had was the
knowledge of the exact distance of our
ships at all times during the action.
Having no range marks to go by and
receiving no aid from the few range
finders installed in our vessels it was
an exceedingly difficult matter for our
officers to determine the proper eleva
tion to be given to our sights.
"We were constantly moving — some
times in and sometimes across the line
of fire — bo that even when one shell
was seen to strike in the right spot it
was no guide for the next one.
At a distance of 4000 yards or less the
Spaniards ought not to have missed
one shot in five, especially from their
shore batteries, and the fact that we
suffered so little is the best evidence
that our enemies were not caDab'.e of
taking advantage of all their opportu
nities.
Five times we made the circuit in
front of the Spanish position, as I have
already fully described in my cable
dispatches.
From the bridge of the flagship I
was able to watch every move c-£ our
own and the enemies' vessels, and see
ing the storm at shells striking about
us or bursting close aboard the ships
of our squadron we had good reason
for fearing that our loss had been
heavy- Of course, we knew that the
Olympla had escaped without casual
ties, but as we had had a dozen hair
breadth misses it did not seem that all
our consorts had been equally fortu
nate.
I began at first to keep count of the
shells which had just barely cleared
our hull ur which burst right in our
faces, for I had an idea that the fight
would not last more than half an hour
at the outside and I thought it would
be interesting to know how many
times we had just escaped being hit.
But I got tired of that very soon.
When a shell comes straight along
through the air one doesn't have time
to catch sight of it until It has passed,
although one has no difficulty in know
ing that it has been trying lo scrape
an acquaintance— as many shells did—
it screams out its salutation only a few
feet away from one's head; but when
it bursts in the air before one's face and
the air seems to be full of chunks of
metal, some of them apparently about
the size of a wash boiler, one is liable
to lose the faculty of differentiating
between the fragments and the whole
shells. So I stopped trying to* count
for fear I should be accused of exag
geration.
Another very unpleasant thing about
the Spanish shells was the way they
had of coming at us even when they
had not been properly aimed. Thus it
often happened that a projectile which
not only fell short, but which was net
even a good line shot would be "upset"
by its impact with the water and wouid
come tumbling, end over end, far out
of its original direction. And how those
fellows did roar! They were plainly
visible,. If they came anywhsre near üb,
and as they rose from the water and
spun around and around, they seemed
to be about the size of a barrel, es
pecially if the observer happened to be
close to the line of their eccentric night.
When the Baltimore went in and
cleared out the shore batteries in the
second action what rousing cheers
she got from the Olympia's men, who
had been in the forefront during the
first fight! And they yelled with
glee when the little Petrel went into
the inner harbor and finished off the
craft that were still afloat.
It was not long then ere the Span
ish flag came down from the arsenal
and the white flag took its place;
whereupon, of course, everybody on
our side cheered some more.
The affair was thus all finished
between 5 and 12:30 o'clock.
Commodore Dewey took the squadron
back to an anchorage off Manila and
sent word to the foolish braggart of a
governor that if one shot wer^ lired at
our squadron from the Manila batteries
he would lay the city in ashes. Up to
the time I left Manila Bay in the dis
patch boat McCulloch the governor waa
carefully refraining from doing any
thing to displease the commodnr \
The submarine cable to Hongkong?
was cut by the steamer Zafiro on the
day after the action, because the gov
ernor would not permit the cab'e opera
tors to transmit our messages.
The next morning the Baltimore and
the Raleigh went down the bay and
destroyed six batteries at the entrance.
The Spanish garrisons did not find it
convenient to be "at home" when this
was done and therefore there vere no
"hard feelings" created at Vie time.
On Monday also we took possession of
the arsenal, as I cabled you a? soon as
I reached Hongkong.
We wound up by the burial of the
Spanish dead and the transftr to Ma
nila of the Spanish wounded, to save
them from the swarm of native "loot
ers," who had been informed of the
Spanish dafeat by the burning war
ships in Cavite Bay. On Thursday the
McCulloch sailed for Hongkong and so
ended the first chapter of the Manila
campaign.DEWEY AT MANILA
BY JOSEPH L. STICKNEY.
ONE DAY'S R USHING SCENES
A BOUT THE
DESK,
OF SECRETARY
OF WAR
ALGER.
Special War Correspondence of The Call.
BY 9 o'clock in the morning the
western corridors of the big
pray building which shelters the
State, War and Navy Depart
ments of the United States are
thronged with men. In every room
official* and their clerks are busy
with some detail of the greatest busi
ness » nterprise launched in this coun
try since the Rebellion — the handling
and equipment of an army of 200,000
men. Along the halls hurry officers In
uniform and clerks in civilian dress, en
gaged in some errand connected with
the work.
In and around the offices of the Sec
retary and his assistants is gathered a
crowd of Senators and Congressmen,
newspaper reporters, contractors, men
with schemes and men looking for ap
pointments, all clamoring for attention.
Gradually these early callers are dis
persed or directed into proper channels
J/*ec/aJ ConreJj9OJ?(/epT o//fye (AJLJL.
SECRETARY OF WAR ALGER.
From a Pliotosraph.
by the uniformed attendants who
guard every door; but their places are
taken by others, and all day long, until
the big doors close against the public,
the rush continues. It is the busiest
spot in the United States. The army
that files through the War Department
every day is probably as large as that
intended to subdue the Philippines.
Between 9 and 10 th a head of this
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUISTDAY, JUJS T E 19, 1898.
vast establishment makes his a.ppfar
ance. Secretary Alger is a tall, spare
man, with a fresh, ruddy complexion, a
well-trimmed military beard of gray
white, and a pair of kindly gray eyes
deep set under shaggy brows. He car
ries his sixty-two years effectually con
cealed somewhere about liis well-knit
vigorous person, and enters his office
with a sprightly step and a pleasant
smile for any of his acquaintances
whum he happens to meet. He makes
his way rapidly through the waiting
crowd in the anteroom to his private
office, where he at once seats himself
at the desk and runs through the pa
pers which his secretary has arranged
for his inspection. Then he is ready
for the dt-luge of callers.
First comes a prominent Senator. The
son of one of his friends wants an ap
pointment to a st;:ff position in the
army. The young man has had no par
ticular experience, but he is a bright
fellow and can soon pick up the duties
of the place, and at any rate one such
appointment cannot injure the service,
and the President will certainly make
it if the Secretary will give his indorse
ment. General Alger interposes one or
two objections, but the Senator Is in
sistent and is sent off to see the ad
jutant general of the army. His re
quest, or some slight variation of it, la
repeated a score of times before the
morning is over.
A member of the House Committee
on Appropriations comes briskly in,
greets the Secretary familiarly, and at
once plunges into a discussion of the
amount of money required by the War
Department for carrying on its work.
General Alger Is evfdehtly primed on
this subject, for he produces typewrit
ten sheets covered with estimates,
which he explains to the Congressman.
The routine business of the office is
suspended for a few moments while a
foreign charge d'affaires and his two
uniformed attaches are ushered in to
pay their respects. The attaches are
marvels of brilliant eojor and gold
braid, each with a row "of decorations
across the front of his uniform, but it
cannot be said that they appear to ad
vantage beside the quiet, dignified man
in plain civilian dress who is the mov
ing power behind one of the great ar
mies of the world.
After these callers have stiffly bowed
themselves out, a Western Congress
man escorts an agitated woman Into
the room. The Secretary listens pa
tiently while the woman explains that
her son has been court-martialed for
leaving his regiment without permis
sion, and to her assurances that "Hen
ry is a good bay, and didn't mean to do
anything wrong," he assures her that
the matter will be investigated and di
rects his secretary to look into Henry's
case.
A summons comes from the President
and the Secretary puts on his hat and
walks across to the White House for a
consultation with the President and
the commander of the army in regard
to the pending military operations.
These consultations are very frequent,
for President McKinley keeps in con
stant touch with all the operations of
the army and navy.
In an hour the Secretary is back at
his desk, and, In company with As
slstant Secreary Meiklejohn, goes ovei
! some orders and drafts which it is
necessary for him to sign. Then there
are more callers, more solicitations for
appointments, and more papers to be
signed.
These brief examples may give some
idea of the variety of subjects on which
the Secretary of War must keep a con
stant mental srasp; they can convey no
Impression of the intense physical and
mental strain to which he Is daily and
continually subjected. All the multi
form activities of the various bureaus
in his department come before him for
final consideration and review. He
must keep the President informed of
the work done; he must obtain from
Congress the funds to do it with; he
must see that it is done promptly and
economically.
All this entails a great stress of mind
and body, which only a man accus
tomed to dealing with large affairs
would be equal to. Happily the present
Secretary of War Is such a man. He is
typically American in this respect. He
does not become excited In dealing in
millions or in facing grave problems
that require instant decision. The im
pression he gives one at first meeting
is that of a man of careful, conserva
tive, well-balanced mind. His manner
is deliberate and in conversation he
speaks slowly, almost to the point of
hesitation; but he shows the ability to
grasp a situation and to go right to the
heart of a problem.
In spite of General Alger's sprightly
movements and unruffled countenance,
the impression he makes on one In con
versation with him is that of a man
who is very tired. One who has seen
the tide of humanity that beats against
him iv his office and the mass of hard
work that he wades through every day
will readily believe that the air is not
assumed. Still it cannot.be said, that
the wear and tear of his position is
using him up. He assured the writer
that his health was good, that he could
not wish to feel better, and that he wpg
sanguine of lasting through this war
and a good many years of peace.
The career of the present Secretory
of War is as typically American as the
man himself. As has been the case
with many another man who has taken
a prominent part In public affairs, his
birthplace was Ohio, on a pioneer's
farm near the little town of Lafayette,
in Medina County. His parents had
moved westward from New England
and came of sturdy Scotch and English
stock.
Until he reached his majority young
Alger remained in the little Ohio town.
He worked on the farm In summer and
attended the Richfield Academy in win
ter. For two winters he varied this
programme by teaching school, and
then, with a few dollars saved, he went
to Akron, Ohio, and began the study
of law. He was admitted to the bar in
1859, but decided that the Jaw provided
too slow a way of getting on in the
world and so went to Michigan in 1860
to engage in business.
That was at the beginning of the
great struggle between the States, and
young Mr. Alger was soon drawn into
It. He enlisted in September, 1861, and
was made a captain in the Second
Michigan Cavalry. He was gradually
promoted until be became colonel of
II W
THESE PICTURES ARE THE FIRST AUTHENTIC ONES PUBLISHED FROM ACTUAI
PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE BATTLE.
1 the Fifth Michigan Cavalry in June,
■ 1863. He was severely wounded at
! Boonsboro, Md., the following month,
! but continued in the army until the
close of the war, when he was made a
brevet brigadier general and major
general of volunteers for gallant ser
i vices.
The young man had made a good
I record, but he had not got along in
i the world as fast as he expected. He
was 30 years old and a poor man when
he went back to Michigan and started
i in the lumbering business with money
I advanced to him by friends. But he
j did not long remain poor or unknown.
! He made a fortune, became Governor
of his State, and w r as prominently men
tioned for the presidency.
General Alger is fortunate in his
present onerous position in having ef
ficient and experienced assistants and
subordinates. The adjutant general
looks after the voluminous work of or
ganizing the army; the commissary
general, the quartermaster general and
the surgeon general see to the provi
sion of the stores which they need in
their departments; and so thoroughly
is their work done that it requires lit
tle more than supervision on the part
of the Secretary. Assistant Secretary
Meiklejohn takes a large part of the
load off his shoulders. But as a good
business man the Secretary insists on
being cognizant of all the details of his
establishment, and just now It is by all
odds the biggest business establishment
in the country; of its immensity only
one who has seen its workings at close
range can form any conception.
At present the army of the United
States contains, in round numbers,
200,000 men. Within two months it has
been increased eight-fold. That two
thirds of this vast host, which in single
rank would form a solid line 100 miles
I long, was In camp, mustered Into the
service and organized into properly
officered regiments three weeks after
the first call for volunteers, was in it
self a notable achievement. But in
reality this has been the smallest part
of the work. It was necessary to ob
tain uniforms and arms for a great
part of this hundred miles of men; to
gather vast stores of supplies with
which to feed them; to provide tents
and other equipments; to charter rail
way trains and buy transports to carry
the troops against a foreign enemy—
and to do it all at little more than a
day's notice.
This great enterprise has been suc
cessfully launched, and is now fairly
under way. The work has been done
so promptly, with so little noise and
friction, that few, except those to
whom the task has been entrusted, ap
preciate the labor that it has entailed.
It has been treated as a business un
dertaking, directed by men accustomed
to dealing with large affairs, and it
ranks as the greatest business achieve
ment this country has seen since the
rebellion. EARL W. MATO.
DUKE OF WELLINGTON'S
OPINION OF SPANIARDS
THE Duke of Wellington, who
was popularly supposed to
know a thing or two about war,
and who was tolerably well en
dowed with the faculty of cor
rectly gauging the fighting qualities of
his soldiers and the enemy, was not
carried away with the prowess of the
Spaniards. In a little book called "The
Words of Wellington," published in
1869 by Scribner, ,'elford & Co.. his
views on the Spaniards and o- warfare
are given. There is much in the book
that can be read over again with in
terest, in view of the present situa
tion. Here are a few quotations:
"National Disease of Spain — The na
tional disease of Spain, that is, boast
ing of the strength and power of the
Spanish nation till they are seriously
convinced that they are in no danger,
then sitting down quietly and indulg
ing in their national indolence."
"Spanish Conduct of Marches— The
conduct of the Spaniards throughout
this expedition is precisely the same
as I have ever obse. ... it to be. They
march the troops .night anu day, with
out provisions or rest, abusing every
body who proposes a moment's delay
for the famished and fatigued soldiers.
They reach the enemy in such a state
as to be unable to make any exertion
or to execute any plan, even if any
plan had been formed, and then when
the moment of action arrives they are
totally incapable of movement and
stand by to see their allies destroyed,
and afterward abuse them because
they did not continue unsupported ex
ertions to which human nature is not
equal:"
"Spanish Energy — I don't expect
much from the energy of the Span
lards, notwithstanding all that we
have done for them. They cry 'Viva!'
and are very fond of us and hate the
French; but they are in general the
most incapable of useful exertion of all
the nations that I have ever known;
the most vain, and at the fame time
the most ignorant, particularly of mili
tary affairs, and above all of military
affairs in their own country. I can do
nothing till General Castanos shall ar
rive, and I don't know where he is. I
am afraid that the utmost we can hope
for is to teach them how to avoid be
ing beaten. If we can effect that ob
ject, I hope we may do the rest."
"Kings of Spain — There is no country
in Europe in the affairs of which for
eigners can interfere with so little atf
. vantage as in those of Spain. There
I is no country in which foreigners are
| so much disliked and even despised,
: and whose manners and habits are so
little congenial with those of the other
! nations of Europe. The pride and pre
; judice of the Spaniards, their virtues
j as well as their faults, are brought into
1 action at every moment and in every
j transaction, and all tend to give them
|an exaggerated notion of their own
[ powers and to depreciate foreigners."
"Opinions on Withdrawal from Spain
—If for any cause I should be over
j powered or should be obliged to retire
what will the world say? What will
the people of England say? What will
those in Spain say? That we had
made a great effort, attended by some
glorious circumstances, and that from
January. 1812, we had gained more ad
vantages for tho cause and had ac
quired more extent of territory by our
operations than had ever been gained
by any army in the same period of
time against so powerful an enemy,
but that being unaided by the Spanish
officers and troops, not from disinclina
tion, but from inability on account of
the gross ignorance of the former and
the want of discipline of the latter,
and from the inefficiency of all the per
sons selected by the Government, we
wore at last overpowered and com
pelled to withdraw within our own
frontier."
Here are some other sayings of Wel
lington pertaining to 1 war:
"Insurgents are like conquerors;
they must go forward: the moment
they are stopped they are lost."
"There is nothing so foolish as to
push half disciplined tro ps forward,
for the certain consequence must be
either their early and precrpitate re
treat if the enemy should advance or
their certain destruction."
"The history of a battle is not unlike
the history of a ball. Some individuals
may recollect all the little events of
which the great result is the battle
won or lost; but no individual can
recollect the order In which, or the ex
act moment at which they occurred,
which makes ail the difference as to
their value or importance."
.-o— •
The Smiths are well up in Ireland, beat
ing such favorites as the O'Brier-S, the
Ryans, the Connors, the O'NeillK, the
Relllyg, the McCarthys and the Dohertys
the four leaders of the Smiths In Ireland
being tho Murpbys, Kellys, Sullivans and
Walshs. Taking the Smiths as a whole,
and disregarding age and sex distinctions
they outnumber the combined forces of
the regular army and navy by just two
to oos. a fairly tall record for one faia
lih.
1920
HOW I HELPED LIEUTENANT CUSHING DESTROY THE ALBEMARLE
»ry TALL, spare, gray-haired man, who was a participant in a
hi most thrilling chapter of American heroism, lives quietly with
" *• his children and grandchildren among the orange groves
near Corona, in San Bernardino County. He is one of the several
living survivors of Lieutenant Cushing's expedition up the Ro
ancke River In October, 1864, to destroy the Confederate ram, the
AlbeniarJe. He is George M. Wilson, raid wherever he goes and it
is noised about that he is one of the iron-hearted crew that par
ticipated in the Cushing expedition, he is a subject of attention and
honor. Xc is a na^ve of Rochester, N\ V., and he served three
years in the United States navy during the civil wax. He came
to Southern Caliiomia in 1805 from Indianapoiis. Ind. The recent
marvelous feat of bravery of Lieutenant Hobson and nis crew of
intrepid cempanions ou the collier Itlerrimac has brought, by way
of comparison, freshly before the attention of American people the
supxxme valor of the Cushing expedition.
"ThERE CAAIE AN UNEARTHLY EXPLOSION. IT SEEMED AS IF EVERYTHING TERRIFIC, MONSTROUS AND HORRIBLE HAD BROKEN OUT UPON US AT THAT MOMENT.''
TEIS Confederate ram Albemarle
fi was blown into uselessne'ss by a
§ torpedo from the h&nds of Lieu
tenant "William . B. Cushing on
■** ihe u'ght of October 27, 1884. It
Nvas my fortune to have had an oppor
tunity to join the crew of volunteers
that Lieutenant Cusblng gathered to
gether for the fearfully hazardous
work. In August, ISCi, the United
States siocp-of-war Otseg-o, at the
Brooklyn Navy Yard, was ordered
south to report to Admiral Porter. I
was a sailor on the ( »t« sgo, and we sub
sequently found that Porter's llest was
co-operating in the South with General
Sherman in his march to the sea.
, Arrived at Aibcmarle Sound, at the
mouth of the Roanoke, on the north
east • coast of North Carolina, we
four.d that Porter's fleet of twelve men
of-war was kept at the opening to the
sound and prevented from recapturing
the important port of Plymouth
and thus aiding General Sherman, by a
mammoth ironclad ram, which had
THE fact that Captain Bigabee,
the hero of the blowing up of the
Maine, is a nephew of Captain
:• Slidell Mackenzie, and
fondness <>f
American people - - a knowl
edge of our national naval history, have
together created a new interest in the
first and most historic mutiny on an
. i vessel.
Fifty-six years ago next December
the people of the United States were
wildly excited jxt the news of
a mutiny and ti on board
the United Slates brig Bomers,
under command o? Cap
tain Mackenzie. The "hief ringleader
in this amazing plot of crime and blood
was Midshipman Philip Spencer, son of
the distinguished statesman, John C.
Spencer of New York, Secretary of War
under President Tyler, officiating in
that Capacity at the very time of the
: fences here recited. In the whole
history of the American navy this act
stands out by Itself without a parallel
or precedent— the first regularly organ
ized mutiny in the annals of the United
. ■ : vice.
When the Somers anchored in New
York harbor and the news went ashore
that a son of a Cabinet officer had been
hanged ct a ynrdarm for mutiny, the
city of New fork was excited. Then
tho excitement spret
When the news came from Washing
ton that President Tyler was shocked
and the Secretary of War and his fam
ily were prostrated by the Information,
.while Chief Justice Ambrose Spencer
been built on the Roanoke that previ
ous summer and won known as the Al-
Lemarle. The ilerrimac and the Albe
marle were the most famous and for
midable cruft the Confederates had.
They were of almost similar corstruc
and plan. In October the Confed
erates were ma Ldy to start th>
■■a the Roanoke "nd to
more engage in desperate battle
with the Union wooden vessels i:: .
marie Sound. The situation was a seri
ous one fur Admiral Porter, and the
United States naval authorities were
indeed worried.
While the Otsego was at 11: ■ i:
iyn Navy Yard in the summer of 1864
Lieutenant Cushing had a small, open
. launch (twenty-five feet long)
■ rutted under his own supervision.
When the Ots ■!-'■. started south the
launch was taken aboard, and it Bub
:!ii> came out that Cushing took
her for a special expedition against the
Albemarle. For a week Cushing and
several engineers ran the launch about
the sound, and a Ehort distance up the
Roanoke River. Th<-y were secretly
ing the topography of t he river.
Each evening Cushing reported pri
HANGED FOR THE FIRST MUTINY IN THE U. S. NAVY.
of tne New York State Supreme Court,
a grandfather of the hanged youth, was
almost Insane because of the shame
that had been brought upon the family
name, the whole United States talked
of nothing else.
For a few days the only information
that could be had from the men on the
Somers was that mutiny had been fer
mented by the three who had been.exe
cuted, and that only by such prompt
punishment Had Commander Macken
zie, ... Lieutenant Gansevoort, Purser
Heiskel. Quartermaster Rogers, Sur
geon Leecock, and Midshipmen Hayes,
Rogers, Thompson and Tillotson. been
saved from contemplated murder, pri
marily instigated by Midshipman
Philip Spencer-; a lad of 19 years. . .
The sensation deepened when finally
it became known that the son of the
Secretary of War had planned, through
the mutiny and the murders, to convert
the United States armed brig into a
pirate vessel and scour the seas for
prey. Not only was the tragedy thus
conspicuous, in public regard because
of the relationship of the condemned
midshipman to the Cabinet officer, but
also ' because Commander Mackenzie
had already been notable in literary
circles as author of, several books of
travel, and also politically notable as
being the cousin of i Congressman -John
Slidell of New Orleans— he who twenty
years later, while a Confederate Com
missioner, was captured on the British
steamer : Trent - by ..Commodore; wakes
THE SA!N FEAJs CISCO CALL, ST'XDAY, JTTXE 19, 1898.
BY GEORGE M. WILSON, One of the Last Survivors of that Most Heroic Exploit.
vcitely to Admiral Porter.
Late on the afternoon of October 27
Cushing and two comr.-nions went
from ship to ship in the fleet, gathering
volunteers to go with them and destroy
the Albemarle. Fourteen more men
were wanted. Cushing plainly told the
sailors on each ship that there was
scarcely one chance in a hundred of
any man ever coming out of the expe
dltl m alive.
He said he wished no one to join
him in his expedition unless he was a
Bingle man and was thoroughly pre-
I to die that night in the Roanoke.
While these words struck terror in the
hearts of the Bailors, who were at first
inclined to volunteer, a crew for the
little launch was got together in an
hour or two. Eight of us went from
the Otse^o. I had no one dependent
upon me, so I volunteered. Captain
Arnold of the Otsego called all hands
aft to say good-by to us as we were
getting ready to start. It was the most
touching scene I remember in my whole
naval experience. The captain spoke
v, rdfl of cheer to us personally as each
went over the side of the Otsego and
got into the launch, which we jokingly
called our cofHn.
"Boys, remember you are doing the
bravest thing 1 in this war for your
flag," he called to us as cheerily as he
cf»uld as the launch slowly moved
At 7 o'clock we cast off from a moor
ing in the sound, as lively a crew of
daredevils as ever swabbed a deck.
We had in en coached for an hour in
articular duty each of us was to
rm at the critical moment of ap
proaching the rebel ram, and that each
wan to try to save his own life when
the explosion came as best he knew
how. Thf night was very dark. Cush
ing had chosen it for that reason. A
sprinkle of rain fell at intervals.
Naturally our faculties were at fullest
tnn^ion.
I never saw and observed minute de
tails so closely before or since, and the
impressions received were all very
'!• ;>. I can never forget them. I be
lieve every one of our little crew had
and was the occasion of a serious dip
lomatic controversy between England
and the Washington administration.
Amid the excitement that raged in
the Eastern States the President or
dered the Secretary of the Navy to in
stitute immediately a court of inquiry
into the hanging of Spencer and the
two associates, Cromwell and Small, it
was a famous body of men. There
were Commodore Stewart (Old Iron
sides, the grandfather of Charles Stew
art Parnell), and Commodores Dallas,
Jones and Jacob. Ogden Hoffman, the
most eminent American criminal law
yer of his day, was judge advocate.
Horace Greeley himself did special re
porting of the case for his Tribune, and
newspapers far and wide gave columns
to indorsing and denouncing Com
mander Mackenzie. James Fenimore
Cooper wrote a powerful pamphlet stig
matizing Commander Mackenzie as a
coward and a fooL
The court-martial lasted forty days
and resulted in Mackenzie's acquittal.
But so fierce was public opinion against
him that he asked for a second trial of
his case. He was again acquitted, but
the animosity of a good share of Ameri
can people yet remained, and he died
a few years later in retirement at Tar
rytown, X. Y. Tha disgrace hastened
the death of Secretary Spencer and
ended the days of Mrs. Spencer in a
month.
The findings of the court-martial oc
cupy a book of over 300 pages, published
the same experience. Let any well and
vigorous man embark upon an errand
that seems well-nigh certain to end his
life in a few hours and he will see, hear
and feel things as never before.
Plymouth lies on the south side of the
Roanoke on a bluff. Opposite across
the water was a dense, swampy forest.
Every precaution was taken to advance
silenjly. We spoke only in whispers.
We knew the river was sown thick with
torpedoes, and that almost every fuot
of both banks of the river was guarded
by Confederates. As soon as we turned
the bend in the river and were near the
swamp we saw the lights of Plymouth.
We were then thirty-two miles from
our fleet, and in the heart of the rebel
country. None of us spoke. Cushing
stood aft and silently gazed ahead.
Occasionally he whispered to the pilot.
Opposite Plymouth we saw a huge,
black object extending into the river.
We never spoke, but all of us felt sure
it was the Albemarle, and each pre
pared for work. Steaming toward the
object we found it to be a coal pier.
Turning slowly away in the darkness of
the night, another black object was
presently seen off to the left. Cushing
whispered that it was surely the Al
bemarle at her dock. We were now
under the parapet of Fort Bateman. A
dog belonging to the sentry began to
bark. The sentry listened, and heard
the ripple of our launch.
Suddenly there came the call from
the bank:
"Boat ahoy! Who goes there?"
In a second rushing, leaping on the
seat about the bow of the boat with the
deadly torpedo in his arms, shouted
back defiantly:
• "We'll damn soon let you know!"
In a second f'ushing had fixed the
torpedo (a riveted copper affair like a
small pumpkin, containing fifty or
sixty pounds of guncotton) on the tor
pedO boom at the bow. We all sprang
each to his respective duty. Mean
while full steam was turned on The
little engine coughed and wheezed and
we went straight ahead.
The sentry fired at us. In an lncredi
by the Government in 1843. The follow
ing facts are narrated therein
The" Somers had set out in November,
1542, on a cruise aroand the West In
dies in order to train for the navy a
number of cadets, or, as' they were then
termed, naval apprentices. While
nearing the West Indies on the night
of November 25 the purser's steward,
John W. Wales, was encountered by
Midshipman Spencer on deck. In a
mysterious manner Spencer asked
Walc3 to go on top of the booms with
him as he had a matter of importance
to communicate. No sooner were the
two seated out of hearing from the deck
than, according to the extraordinar}
testimony of Wales, Midshipman Spen
cer abruptly opened the conversation
by asking him in a sepulchral voice
"Are you afraid of death? Do you
fear a dead man .' Dare you kill any
body "
Wales answered "No," and then
Spencer told him in whispers that he
was leagued with about twenty of the
crew to get possession of the vessel,
murder the commander and officers,
choose from among those of the crew
who were willing to join him such as
would be useful and murder the rest,
and commence pirating.
It was his purpose to carry the vessel
to the Isle of Pines, where one of his
associates who had been in the business
before, had friends; to attack no ves
sels that he was not sure to capture;
to destroy every vestige of the cap
bly short time it seemed as if the whole
river from above Plymouth teemed
with shooting soldiers. The Confed
erates had prepared well to avoid a
sudden attack on their prize, Albe
marle, for in a thrice a dozen beacon
fires blazed and lighted up the Roan
oke. Cannon on shore and howit^rs on
the ram opened fire, and their grape
and canister new all about our craft
as we sheered from shore straight to
ward the Albemarle.
Pandemonium was let loose.
On we sped at full steam toward the
great black ram, now as plain as day
ahead of us. It did not seem* as if a rat
could live in the shower of lead and
iron all about us
In the middle of the river and steam
ing ahead like mad, what was our con
sternation to find that, as a protection
to the ram, a raft of lo"gs chained to
gether and placed lengthwise in the
water was there before us. The r&m
was but eighty feet away.
Cushing\ never moving from his hold
position in the bow, standing with the
torpedo boom in his hands, leaned over
the boat, and amid a deafening roar of
cannon and shrieking of rifle balls ex
amined the logs. A glance sufficed. He
was a quick thinker. He made up his
mind that but one thing was to be done
and that was to jump the partially sub
merged, water-soaked and slimy logs.
His coolness was almost superhuman.
Ho gave his orders soberly, but
quickly.
As the launch sheered away from the
logs he told us to trim ship aft. That
waa to raise the bow out of the water.
Cushing also told us to be calm and not
forget our duty to our flag.
In a second the launch, under all its
steam, started ahead toward the raft.
It was an indescribable mument. I have
often tried to tell, but I can't.
Amid a literal blizzard of fire, our
launch banged against the logs and
then shot over them as if she were a
thing of life. Our smokestack was shot
away and one man's arm was shot off
at the elbow; but we never gave it a
second's thought. The howitzers on
the ram, with half a dozen field bat
tured vessels after having removed
what was useful.
Wales secretly reported the conver
sation to a lieutenant and he to Captain
Mackenzie. The latter testified that he
refused to believe such a young lad and
one from such a distinguished family
could conceive of such a crime. Mac
kenzie, however, directed the lieuten
ant to watch Spencer without, of
course, seeminp- to do so.
•In the course of the day Lieutenant
Gansevoort gave information that
Spencer had been in the wardroom ex
amining a chart of the West Indies,
and had asked the assistant surgeon
some questions about the Isle of Pines,
the surgeon rp-'-'ne: that it was a place
much frequented by pirates, and dryly
asking him in return if he had any ac
quaintances there. He had endeavored,
too, for some days to ascertain the rate
of the chronometer by applying to Mid
shipman Rogers, to whom it was un
known, and who referred him to the
master.
These and various other circum
stances determined Captain Mackenzie
to make sure at once of Spencer's per
son, and. accordingly, at evening quar
ters all the officers were ordered to lay
off on the quarterdeck except the mid
shipman stationed on the forecastle.
The master was ordered to take the
wheel and those of the crew stationed
abaft were sent ot the mainmast.
Captain Mackenzie now approached
Spencer and said to him:
"I learn, Mr. Spencer, that you aspire
teries, besides the heavy guns at Fort
Bateman, were belching and thundering
at us. Cushinsr yelled an order to us,
but we could not hear him. The jaws
of hell opened to receive us. Flames
seemed to leap from cannon mouths.
The air shook and the water seethed
and boiled with the leaden hail. For
tunately our craft set low in the water,
and we were below the range of the
guns. One young fellow named Becker,
two feet from me, fell dead as we
passed the log raft, and we never knew
where he was hit.
Things happened so fast that their
narration seems tame and slow. We
saw everything. I remember that I
even saw in that awful moment a tall
man in a red shirt on the Albemarle
training a howitzer at us.
In a trice we were over the logs and
within thirty or forty feet of the ram
amidships. Each of us had a duty to
do. I held the out haul of the torpedo
chain and another man was at the trip
ping line.
Cushinpr was now at the bow In his
shirt sleeves, with a revolver in one
hand and the firing line of the torpedo
in the other. We all trembled with un
speakable excitement. In a few sec
onds more we were close under the
sides of the Albemarle. Some one called
from the ram:
"Surrender! Surrender!"
"Go to hell!" screamed one of our
crew.
At that moment Cushing called to
Mate Jim Daniels:
"Down with the pole!"
Th? torpedo boom (a thing that look
ed like the tongue of a wagon) went
down into a horizontal position a foot
below the water. Then there came an
unearthly explosion. It seemed as if
everything terrific, monstrous and hor
rible had broken out upon us that mo
ment. It was like a roaring earth
quake. The great hulk of the ram
raised and slowly rolled over. The flr
insr on the Albemarle ceased, but the
batteries on the sho-- and the guns at
the fort belched and roared.
Gushing had told us each to save
himself as best he could when the tor
pedo had done Its work, but some of us
expected to be annihilated by the tor
pedo itself.. So, for one, I was sur
prised to realize I was still living after
the explosion. We had divested our
selves of extra clothing as we came
past Plymouth.
At the moment the torpedo struck the
ram we leaped to the water. The bea
con lights along the shore revealed
what we were doing. For a minute,
which seemed an age to us in the
water, the Confederates were evidently
amazed at the explosion of the Albe
marle before thf-ir eyes. Then the firing
began even more furious than before.
M'-anwhile what remained of the lit
tle crew was swimming for the oppo
site shore. Each had to look out for
himself alone. As nearly as ever could
be ascertained there were ten of our
crew killed in the water that night.
Cushing and two others got to land,
and by a series of extraordinary luck
got back to the fleet in Albemarle
Sound and aided in Porter's operations
in support of General Sherman. Cush
ing, you know, served in the navy until
3^7". and died of brain fever in Decem
ber, 1574.
As for my own escape, I happened to
leap into the water in the shadow of
the ram. Two others leaped with me,
but they swam into the blaz? of lights
and both were shot in the water. Their
bodies were probably never recovered.
Swimming about the ram as it settled
in the water, I reached a coal wharf.
It was dark under it, and resting there
a minute or so I swam noiselessly
dov.n stream below the wharf. I ex
pected any moment to be shot, and I
did not exert myself to swim when the
odds seemed so much against me. The
cannonading continued and heavy
musketry began. The Confederates
meant to let no Yankees get away after
the fearful loss the Confederacy had
just had. Tons of ammunition must
have been wasted in a few hours.
I crept along the river bank with
reeds and marsh for over half a mile.
I could hear the Confederates talking
excitedly about the Yankee attack,
and I knew they were watching the
water as best they could for men swim
ming there. Fortunately the bank was
twenty feet high there, and I crawled
Jike a lizard along at the foot of the
bank. The firing continued all night.
I could see that the enemy believed
that the Yankees who might have
escaped from the water alive had
made for the swampy forest opposite,
and rounds of grape and canister were
fired there.
When morning came I was six miles
below Plymouth. I was as nasty a
Fight as man ever presented. I crept
out into some brush, almost sick from
exposure, excitement and the cold wa
ter. I believed I was the sole survivor
of Cushing's crew, and I actually felt
sorry that I had alone been left to live
like that with my brave mates at the
bottom of the Roanoke.
I was sitting under a tree, clad only
in a woolen shirt and tattered trous
ers, when the fort across the river
opened up as if to shoot down any pos
sible Yank who happened to be over
there. The gunners must have seen
tho brush move. A broadside of grape
went whistling among the trees over
my head. Leaves and twigs fell Into
my lap. but the broad sycamore tree
trunk saved my skin that time. To
ward noon I saw a colored man out in
a cornfield. He looked amiable. I
found that he supposed I was escaping
from the Confederate service, and he
gladly helped me. He gave me some
vile ham and corn and kindly present
ed me with a greasy and tattered over
coat. While I was drying my shirt and
trousers before the negro's fire the old
man said:
"Marse, dem soljers dey done gone
come down lookin' fur ye." He sup
posed they were my Confederate com
rades. I slid into a ramshackle out
building and had the negro cover me
over with several bushels of corn. In
to the command of the Somers."
"Oh, no, sir," replied Spencer, with a
deferential but unmoved and gently
smiling expression.
"Did you not tell Mr. Wales, sir, that
you had a project to kill the com
mander, the officers and a considerable
portion of the crew of this vessel, and
to convert her into a pirate?"
"I may have told him so, .sir, but it
was in joke."
"You, admit, then, tha,t you told him
so?"
"Yes, sir, but in joke."
"This, sir, is joking on a forbidden
subject; this joke may cost you your
life. It will be necessary for me to con
fine you, sir," saying which Captain
Mackenzie turned to Lieutenant Ganse
voort with the order: "Arrest Mr. Spen
cer and put him in double irons."
Lieutenant Oansevoort stepped for
ward and taking Spencer's sword, or
dered him to be doubly ironed, and as
additional security handcuffed. Lieu
tenant Gansevoort was directed to keep
a constant watch upon Spencer, to an
swer all his wants, but to have him
instantly put to death if detected in
speaking to or holding intelligence in
any way with the crew.
The next day tl.e crew was inspected
at quarters at 10 o'clock. Captain Mac
kenzie taking his station iO raft with the
intention of particularly observing
Cromwell and small. The persons of
both were faultlessly clean. Cromwell
stood up to his full stature, his muscles
braced, his battle ax grasped resolutely.
a few minutes three Confederates cane
to the old negro and asked if aiy
Yanks had been seen there that da*,-.
Then one of the soldiers told the od
man that their hope and pnA?, U.e
iron-clad ram, had been blown to use
lessness by some Yankees, all of whom
had no doubt been killed for their
cussed wildness.
Toward night I had another meal of
ham and corn with the faithful oli ne
gro and started down the river toward
our fleet. I almost encountered r. squad
of Confederates, but hid behind a ;ence
and berry bushes until they had
passed.
At daybreak I was again within the
Union lines. I was challenged ty a
Union sentry, and when I was unable
to give a reasonable accc-unt of myself
I was taken to the colonel. You ought
to have heard him laugh when I said
1 was one of the Cushing crew that had
gone to blow up the Albemarle. He
thought that was the biggest cock-and
bull story of the campaign. I was so
weak and worn that I did not argue
the matter, feeling sure that I would
get my dues very soon in any event.
"Take the fellow to the cook tent and
give him something to eat, then keep
him under guard," were the colonel's
orders. He merely meant to keep me
under surveillance until something
happened to justify my presence in the
ranks.
I was content. I ate enormously and
then lay down on some horse blankets
and slept like a log. I never even heard
the noise of providing the noon meal for
the officers. Early in the afternoon the
colonel, who proved to be Colonel H.
A. Armstrong of the Eleventh Wiscon
sin, came himself and woke me. He
sat down by my side and wiped tears
of true sorrow from his eyes because
he had so peremptorily ordered me
about in the morning. He had heard
while I was sleeping rrom Commodore
McComb that Cushing and two com
panions had returned on the United
States steamer Valley City, and that a
man answering my description was one
of those who had gone against the Al
bemarle. He had further convinced
himself while I slept that I was a gen
uine survivor of Cushing's crew. So
he had come in humility to sho-w his re
spect for a poor, forlorn sailor who
had had the time we had up the river.
Colonel Armstrong sat there an hour
or more and asked me all about the
work of the expedition. Other officers
came and finally when it had become
nqised about camp that one of the boys
who had been with Cushing in the Al
bemarle attack was there a great
crowd of 200 or 300 men gathered within
range of my voice. I was taken to
Colonel Armstrong's tent and was per
mitted to bathe and then dress myseif
on what I saw there.. I had fifty pairs
of boots offered me by officers and
enough hats and caps to stock a store.
I had the best the camp afforded and
was visited by the surgeons, who dosed
me medicinally.
The second day I was escorted down
'the sound and there a boat ■was hailed
and I went back to the Otsego. Lieu
tenant Cushing and two survivors had
arrived there in frightful condition.
They had crawled through the swamp
and forest opp-rite Plymouth and had
lived on bark and roots. They had got
down the Roanoke to a point where the
United States steamer Valley City saw
their sign of distress and took them
back to the Union fleet. One of their
number was insane from the agony of
a gunshot wound in the shoulder, priva
tions and excitement. I believe he died
later.
Lieutenant Cushin? had a golden
medal and a vote of thanks from Con
gress for his bravery and his scheme in
arranging and executing the expedition.
He deserved them as well as his pro
motion in the naval service. I was pro
moted from ensign to lieutenant in the
next month after .the Albemarle affair.
The most distinguished honor I ever
had was in February, 1865, when I was
asked by President Lincoln at the
White House to tell him from maps all
about our experiences with Cushing. It
came about in this way. I was in
Washington on my way home on sick
leave. I went one day during a pub
lic reception given by the President to
see Father Abraham. One of the ush
ers in the hall knew me from boyhood
and recognized me. My name had been
published as among the Cushing expe
dition survivors, and he had seen it.
He asked me a little about the affair.
It seems that while I was slowly walk
ing my way down the line of visitors
to shake the President's hand and then
depart, the usher had privately in
formed Mr. Lincoln that a Cushing ex
pedition survivor was there. Anyhow,
when I came to go out of the big front
doors, my friend, the usher, was wait
ing for me with a request from the
President that I remain and tell Mr.
Lincoln some facts he would like to
know about the historic occasion.
When the crowd had gone and Mr.
Lincoln had retired to his office-room
upstairs, I was escorted there by the
usher. It happened that Secretary Se
ward and Senator Charles Sumner were
there to consult with, the President.
Nevertheless, I was cordially received,
and was introduced to the Secretary
and the Senator by Mr. Lincoln him
self.
"This is Lieutenant Wilson." said he,
"who was with Cushing in his Albe
marle expedition. I've asked him to
come and tell me the ever-new story
again. Don't you want to hear it?"
Secretary Seward and Senator Sum
ner acquiesced. I told the story sub
stantially as I have just clone, and then
I was asked scores of questions. The
President was curious to know how a
torpedo could do such powerful damage
to a great mass of iron as the Confed
erate ram was, by merely exploding on
its outer surface. Senator Sumner
asked me whether men like Gushing
lose ail thoughts of death when they
undertake such frightfully hazardous
errands, or whether they are so filled
with zeal to win against the enemy that
they forget their danger.
i 58 £8 22 22 22 22 8* 22 22 82 22 28 Si Si &
his cheek pale, but his eye fixed as in
differently at the other side, and he had
a determined and dangerous air.
Small made a very different figure;
his appearance was" ghastly; he shift
ed his weight from side to side, and
his battle ax passed from one hand to
zie. Cromwell was immediately iron
ed and Small was also sent for, inter
rogated and ironed.
Increased vigilance was now en
joined upon all the officers. .Hence
forward all were perpetually armed,
and either the captain or his first lieu
tenant was always on deck, and gener
ally both of them were. It is an in
teresting fact that every one lof the
officers of the Somers, from the first
lieutenant to the commander's clerk,
proved faithful, chivalrous and patri
otic from first, to last.
The most seriously implicated of the
crew began once more to collect in
knots during the night. Seditious
words were heard through the vessel,
and an insolent and menacing air as
sumed by many. This alarming state
of dissatisfaction, the increased num
ber who missed their muster, repeated
acts ;of insubordination, together with
their considerations, induced Captain
Mackenzie to have a thorough in
spection of the crew, the immediate
arrest |of those principally suspected,'
and on the . 30th of November he ad- %
dressed a letter to all of the officers.
Captain MacKenzie then called a
court of all the officers • which unani
mously agreed that the trio were guilty.
The verdict was for death. This was
accordingly carried out and the bodies
buried at sea. ; The three young men
met their deaths bravely. *■-•With Roosevelt's rough rider
and
Astors PetArtillery.
IF the Spanish military autl.
in Havana could get a momentary
glimpse of a regiment of soldit-rs
encamped in the sand at West
Tampa ;hey would see one of the
numerols sights calculated to cause
them unealiness. Colonel Roosevelt's
rough ri'Ufs are there, to the number
of a thousand, and they certainly de
serve the name that has been given
them.
They are not "roughs" by any man
ner of means, but they art; rough,
rtheleijß, and will play rough when
th*- y get a chance at the enemy. They
don't knov a great deal about the man
ual of ams, as practiced by the Amer
ican array, and they can't load a rlile
and fire it with the trained regulation
of a veteran soldier. But they can
handle a Winchester with a swiftness
and deadly precision that is astonish
ing, anc what they can't accomplish
with tlut weapon their heavy slx
.>. ill take care of.
The rough riders are not men select
ed and graded as. to size, weight,
soundress of teeth and waist measure
ments Some of them weigh close to
250 pcunds; others won't tip the beam
at over a hundred. But the little fel
lows' grizzled by years of exposure on
the tvestern frontier, are as, tough as
pine knots and can shoot as fast and
as straight as a man who weighs three
times as much.
•Teddy's" rough riders . can't ride a
horse at all — that Is. according to mil
itary regulations. They do not grasp
the reins at a point one-third from bit
to end; they do not all sit erect, with
line of back ranging with the line of
the horse's spine; they don't all sit
with chin erect and eyes front, knees
straightened out and toes only touch
ing the stirrup. In fact, every man
apparently has his own way of riding
and when he start* for a horse the
half-wild beast knows something is
coming. | .1 "•' . . '-'
If doesn't make tie slightest differ
ence to one., of theafc-mjen, whether ho.
•uounia froia Ina Tietit aid* ca from iha
, left side. lie finds the horse, which
j nine times out of ten is standing on his
hind legs in the air, and in a jiffy there
is a man in the saddle.
The horse rears and plunges, tries to
throw his rider by every means known
to bronchos, but the rider, turning
i half-way around in his saddle, yells to
i "Bill" or "Snuffy" or "Shorty" to do
something that he has forgotten, and
then darts off with the speed of the
wind. Once the horse is started he
has to go. The rider is the master, and
his unmilitary seat, his supple, swaying
body, meeting every motion of the
horse, is a picture of grace and skill
such as can be seen nowhere except
l in the far West, or with this outfit of
men who come from there.
And to top it all off, these men can
not fight at all, according to the rules
laid down in the tactics for cavalry- i
men. But they can drop the reins of
their horses, guide them with their
knees, whip out a six-shooter with each
hand and get In about three shots to a
mounted cavalryman's one, with the
distinction that every shot goes very
close to where it is intended to go. They
are a picturesque, devil-may-care lot of
hardy men, whose hearts are in the
right places and whose hospitality is as
broad as the limits of the earth. Their
language Is sometimes more pic
turesque than polite, to be sure, but
they are used to emphasizing their re
marks when obedience is not imme
diately forthcoming. They have a
wholesome' disregard for rules and
regulations and books on field instruc
tion. They haven't much use for Junior
lieutenants of the army, as a rule, and
particularly for those of , State regi
ments. But they, uphold their officers,
who are to a large extent regular army
officers, In everything they say or do.
If any one wants to see .an aurora
boreal Is in midsummer or a shower of
i shooting stars in midday, let him go
' into the camp of the rough riders apd
criticize any of its officers, * before the
men.
The camp of the rough riders lies
directly west of , the town of Tampa, is
an open sand flat where the sun beats
down > all day with ! ,the; heat of a fur
nace. Any regiment of volunteers
camped there Vi'hout shade and. with
1 out tents .would die off like eaeeD.^But.
THE PAN" FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTT3s T E 19, 1898.
these hardy fellows, inured to heat,
cold and exposure in Arizona, New
Mexico and Texas, never think of mak
ing a complaint about their camping
place. What suits their officers suits
them, and it would be all the same to
them if they were told to camp in a
swamp.
I visited the camp in the forenoon
and found Colonel Roosevelt at his
headquarters, chatting with some of
his officers. I was given the freedom of
the camp and told to make all the
photographs I wanted.
"Here is a strange thing," the colonel
said. "I have here among a lot of re
cruits Bob Wrenn, the champion tennis
player bC America, who wants to join
this outfit. He's a strapping good fel
low, with plenty of nerve, and I've
sworn him in. Isn't he an odd char
acter to have with a cowboy outfit, well
sprinkled with ex-United States mar
shals, sheriffs of formerly 'hard
towns,' and such types of Western life
as I have in this regiment?"
These rough riders all adhere to the
.45 caliber Colt pistol, which has been
in use In the West since pioneer days,
and which has not yet been equaled.
They will not use the Government 38
caliber revolver, claiming that it is too
'light and jumps too much for accurate
shooting. That their judgment is sound
is evidenced by the fact that since the
45 was replaced in the army by the 38
the average of accuracy in pistol shoot
ing has dropped almost GO per cent.
Through the influence of their
commander the regiment has been
equipped with two Colt rapid fire guns,
using the small 27 caliber steel jacketed
bullet, and capable of firing accurately
600 shots per minute, at ranges from
200 yards to two miles.
The regiment is not well supplied
with tentage, having only the little
"dog tents" which are carried by the
men on the march. They don't seem
to care anything about tents, however,
as almost every man has lived out of
doors all his life, and has been accus
tomed to sleeping under a tree, with no
roof but the starry sky.
As types of the make-up of the
rough riders, three men who have been
selected as scouts may be taken as a
fair average of the men. One of those
is B. F. Daniels, and his last address
was Cripple Creek, Colorado. He is a
Marshal of that famous type that has
rid the West of its hard men. He has
thr- reputation of having always
brought in his man, when he went af
ter him, although not infrequently the
man was sent in, in a wagon, feet first.
Ben Daniels has a record. To those
who do not know him well he Is a
_cold. Dfissignless. secretive man, of Hex*.
culean frame, who goes about his busi
ness of thjef catching as relentlessly as
a bloodhound, and with scarcely less
certain results. To the few who know
him well he is a stanch friend and
ally, who never was known to desert
a comrade, even in the most trying
straits. Those who have seen exhibi
tions of his marksmanship, with the
old-fashioned, single-action six-shoot
er, which is his favorite weapon, mar
vel at his rapidity and skill. He never
does any talking, but when the instant
comes to use a gun It is used so quickly
that the "hard man" never knows any
thing about it.
Daniels has had a long and varied
experience In the West. He was Mar
shal of Dodge City, Kansas, years ago,
when that town was considered the
hardest town in the country. He is and
has been for years a close friend and
companion of Bat Masterson, the fa
mous Sheriff, now in Denver. He has
been tried for years as a scout against
Indians on the frontier nnd against the
cattle thieves and rustlers who almost
caused a war in the early nineties.
There are seventeen notches on the
handle of Daniels' six-shooter, and
every notch could tell a thrilling story
if it would. In person Ben Daniels is
a giant. He stands nearly six feet one
inch and weighs 240 pounds. There
isn't an ounce of fat about him.
Colonel Roosevelt said, in speaking
of his three scouts, that too much could
not be said of Daniels as a man and a
fighter in a just cause. Armstrong, he
says, is another type, and Is also an
other of his scouts. He is highly es
teemed by his commander. Bell, the
third man selected as scout for the out
fit, shares equally in the confidence of
Colonel Roosevelt and is equally valu
able. All three men are distinct types
of the West, and each is invaluable in
his particular line of work.
J. T. Armstrong is from Refugio
County, Texas. He has long been a
Deputy Sheriff in that county and has
had a list of experiences similar to
those of Daniels. The organized bands
of thieves who a few year 9 ago ter
rorized that section of the State have
good reason to remember this nervy
man, who was largely instrumental in
breaking them up and sending many of
them to their last accounting.
Sherman M. Bell, who is seen at the
right tn the picture, hails last from
Cripple Creek. He is equally important
as a scout with the outfit of which he
is a member, and his past record is al
most equally thrilling. He is a man of
quiet demeanor, but crafty, keen and
untiring in the discharge of hie duty,
either as an officer in the West or as a
scout.
A book of goodly proportions might
be compiled in this camp, for it teems
with Western •; celebrities. •I * have '• se-
Jpflfrefl thPKi^hrpp aimnly &3JtYJ}fiS of tllS
men. Reminiscences of every Western
Indian campaign, cattle war or other
disturbance that has occurred within
the last twenty years can be found
here, for of such men as have passed
through these oxii.-ii.Mnes is the regi
ment of rough riders made up. There
isn't any question as to whether they
will fight There is one order, however,
they will be likely to ignore and thnt
is an order to retreat. They are not
made of the sort <>t" stuff that goes into
a fight with any such end in view. 1
cannot conceive of any human force
that could withstand the onslaught of
this thousand rien once they are turned
loose. All. the tricks of Indian flghjting,
coupled wtth the great expertness they
possess in the use of weapons, will ren
der them an uncontrollable force, and
the first body of Spaniards they run
against will have reason to believe that
inferno has been turned upon them, if
any of them* get away to tell the tale.
By the time this reaches the eye of the
reader the rough riders will be in Cuba,
if present plans are carried out. I can
ask no better assignment than to be
permitted to report their first meeting
with the Dons, who fire from the
shoulder, shoot high, and form in solid
phalanx.
New York special to the Sun
day Call: It is now definitely
settled that John Jacob Astor's
battery will go to the Philip
pines. Final orders to this ef
fect were sent to Captain March
last night. The battery will start
immediately. It is expected it
will embark from San Francisco
with the rest of General Mer
ritfs troops, comprising the
third shipment, about June 23.
The horses and mules pur
chased by Colonel Astor will not
be sent to San Francisco. Gen
eral Merrltt will take only a few
horses with him as an experi
ment. He believes the native
horses to be more serviceable
and less expensive. The animals
purchased by Colonel Astor will
be bought by the Government
and sent to Cuba,
Special Correspondonce of The Call.
NEW YORK. June 15, 1898.— The
Astor Mountain Battery, so
called because of the munifi
cence of John Jacob Astor, the
well-known millionaire, is about:
to leave its temporary quarters^
for San Francisco, en route to the Phil-)
ippines.
Mr. Astor conceived the scheme to»
equip and sustain a company entirely*
at his own expense for emergency work
in our present war. This desire he made
known to President McKinley, and
upon its acceptance Mr. Astor formed I
an entirely independent organization
which should go at once to the front,
preferably to the Philippines — an ar
tillery company, in truth, which
should be of mountain and emer
gency equipment In conformity to
the regulations of the regular
army, but individual In name and dis
tinctive in object and support. The
mountain battery is indeed a modern
light artillery. It is the first appear
ance of such a battery In this war, as
well as in the war service ot tbJa Gov
ernment.
The enrollment calls for ninety-eight
men. A rigid examination is to be
pased similar to that required of the
regular army volunteer for the East.
The company is, of course, volunteeiv
and for the most part from in and
about New York, although some hail
from Montreal, and one or two from
Detroit. A fine, healthy, intelligent set'
of young fellows they are, too. They
average between 25 and 30 years of age.
Among the vocations and professions
represented are eight lawyers, several
doctors: the late superintendent of the
Presbyterian Hospital. New York City;,
a United States marshal from Texas, a
barber from the West, and men from
the regular army and the artillery, and'
over half a dozen boys whose fathers
rank high on the list of United States
millionaires.
As soon as the organization had
shaken hands all around a vote of
thanks was sent to Mr. Astor. In an
appropriate resolution they told him of
their appreciation of the chance his
munificence had given them; they said
they hoped to be an honor to the coun
try and to the name of their benefactor,
which they proudly bore, and that they
should always "remember the Maine."
Of late days the men have found
time to form a glee club, dignified by
the name of Astor Battery Glee Club.
Its orchestration include three
violins, four banjos, three guitars and
two mandolins, which the members are
expecting to take with them to camp.
The battery has a mascot, of course,
a rescued Irish collie. He is the pet of
the battery and answers to a list of
names worthy of royal imperial blood.
His collar bears the following inscrip
tion:
"ASTOR BATTERY, U. S. A.
We Remember the Maine."
Thanks to the voluntary contribu
tions of his mates, he is to go to the
front with full uniform, excepting only
the trousers and pedal paraphernalia.
Mr. Astor has been most generous in
giving orders for the personal equip
ment of the men. Each man receives
two uniforms, one the blue cloth of
light weight of the regular artillery, a
brown campaign hat, brown canvas
leggins and gauntlets. The other uni
form is of brown canvas stuff, known
as kaki cloth, trimmed in scarlet,
pockets and shoulder straps included.
With this canvas suit is worn a cork
helmet— white— such as Stanley wore
during his African sojourn. Similar
helmets are worn by the British ser
vice in the far East. These helmets
are water proof, with top and side ven
tilation. A protection hood which falls
over the shoulders is made to adjust to
each. ' The entire headgear weierhs
only seven ounces. The outfit further
includes three suits of underclothing,
three blue woolen shirts, six pairs of
socks, three patrs of canvas leggins,
two pairs of tramping shoes, six hand
kerchiefs and a pair of buckskin gaunt
let gloves.
The men enter for three years' ser
vice and receive $15 60 a month. A ru
mor has it that the day the battery
moves each man will receive $100 in
gold.
The field equipment includes twenty
horses and 100 mules and six Hotchklss
rapid firing guns. Each man carries
a self-cocking Colt revolver of the lat
est pattern with a shooting bullet of
40 caliber and five chambers; and a
saber with a long curved blade, the reg
ulation artillery saber.
The six Hotchkiss guns are known as
three-inch mountain guns, throwing a
twelve-pound shell. These guns are
a very powerful little weapon, especial
ly designed for mountain service.
The Hotchkiss is a French gun: the
factory is in Paris. It is thought by
experts to be superior to the Krupp
make, though similar in construction.
The breech mechanism is strong and
simple and is operated by the turn of
a lever, sliding the breech block to the
right. Each gun is forty inches long
and alone weighs 204 pounds, with car-
Hage but 'little over 300 pounds. When
ready for action the gun stands thirty
inches from the ground. It Is in two
pieces — gun and carriage. Four men
are required to handle each of the two
parts and they manage each piece with
forming a sling, a contrivance made for
the purpose. The carriage consists of
a cradle supported by a tripod. Into
this cradle the gun is set. The cradle
is fitted with spring clamps. In mount
ing a gun all that is required is to set
up the tripod, drop the eun into the
cradle and the clamps hold it in posi
tion by automatic action. Two minutes
is required to unsllng, mount and load,
and two minutes to return the gun to
the mule's back. When the battery is
moving on level ground the guns are
placed on their carriages and drawn
by mules hitched tandem, but over
mountain trails the guns are taken
apart. The gun proper is carried in
a sling between two mules pack-sad
dled, while its complement of wheels,
ammunition boxes, etc., is distributed
among the beasts of burden.
The officers in charge of the Astor
Battery are: First lieutenant, Peyton
C. March, late of the Fifth Artillery, in
command. Lieutenant March is a
warm personal friend of Mr. Astor'a
and it was at his solicitation Lieuten
ant March was put in command. Sec
ond Lieutenant Koehler and Second
Lieutenant Williams, late of the Sixth
Artillery, Junior officers. Among the
non-commissioned officers are: Ser
geant dimming, late of the Fifth Ar
tillery, U. S. A.; Sergeant Burton
Holmes, who has seen active service In
the British army in India and Africa;
Sergeant Young, a member of the fam
ous Young family of Salt Lake City,
and identified with the Mormon settle
ment of Utah. Sergeant Sillman, of
late a commander of a battalion sta
tioned at Detroit, Mich. All commis
sioned and non-commissioned officers
are mounted.
Among the supplies which arrived
last week were 120 red flannel blankets
of fine quality for the horses; also long
brush hooks and axes for clearing the
way when the battery operates in a
wooded country.
Lieutenant March has reported to
Washington that, except for some un
foreseen delay in the arrival of sup
plies, his battery will be ready to move
Wednesday, June 8. The shell boxes.
Immediately upon arrival, were sent to
the Government magazine at Fort
Wadsworth for loading with ammuni
tion, and they will be shipped probably
directly to the Presidio at San Fran
cisco.
Mr. Astor has made arrangements for
a special train to convey the troops. It
is to be made up of sleepers and bag
gage cars. Each man has been given a
brierwood pipe and a pouch of tobacco.
Lieutenant March has orders from Mr.
Astor to keep the boys well supplied
with tobacco until they sail from the
Golden Gate.
The men are most impatient to be off
and hail with delight each new delivery
of equipment. They are being housed
in one of Mr. Astor's buildings on
Broadway, Just above Spring street,
and though the lower windows are
whitewashed, hiding from public gaze
the rows of neatly made cots and mesa
tables, in the upper story the men sit
watching Broadway and its traffic. An
American flag has been pasted upon
one of the large windows. The groups
of civilian-clad young fellows have
created general comment and the start
ing day promises to be an event in
New York life heralded with enthusias
tic crowds wishing them godspeed.
According to the best authorities less
than one thousand-millionth part of the
sun's rays reaches the earth. It is fortu
nate that this Is so, as any considerable
concentration of the rays upon our planet
would speedily destroy It According to
the same account, if all of the ice at the
north pole were so pi.cd that the heat of
the sun could be focused on It, it would
dissolve at the rate of 300.000.000 miles of
solid Ice per second. The heat is esti
mated to generate energy at the rate of
10.000 horse-power to every square foot of
space. The beginning of the radiation of
heat from the sun must date back some
thing like 100,000,000 years. Like every
thing else it had Its start and must have
its finish. It may continue for 15,000,000
or 20,000.000 years longer, but there is a
limit and it must be reached. One cannot
but wonder at the condition of the uni
verse at that time and what will cojn«
2122
PICTURE STORY OF THE TRANSPORTS AND VESSELS ON THE WAY TO MANILA
ON May 25 last the first fleet of
transports sailed out of the
Golden Gate on its way to Ma
nila, and on June IB the second
fleet sailed. To-day is June 19, and a
glance at the accompanying diagram
will show approximately where each
and every one of the vessels on the
Pacific station is at this time.
It will also show the progress of each
vessel, day by dajfc until it reaches its
destination.
At the present moment the vessels
are scattered, owing to the different
dates of departure* But all are work
ing toward a common point, and In due
time will reach Manila.
On the 25th o£ last month the fleet
RISKED HER LIFE
TO SAVE THE NORTH.
Exciting Career of Pauline Cushman. Actress
and Spy — Lies Buried in a San Fran
cisco Cemetery,
THE Civil "War bequeathed to us
a list of nearly 400 women who,
during those four years of inter
necine strife, served the Federal
Government either as soldiers or
as scouts or spies. In the records of the
War Department in Washington there
are preserved the dry bones of many
romances that sprang from a woman's
love of her country, love of some one
of its brave defenders, or. love of rov
ing and adventure, and an overmaster
ing desire to be a part of the stirring
events of the time instead of a mere
looker-on.
Many a woman fought bravely under
the Union flag, and only returned to
the ways of peace when the war was
over, or when a wound sent her to the
hospital and betrayed her secret. And
doubtless where so many are on rec
ord there must have been some who
were fortunate enough to carry out
their deception without detection, bo
that the names handed down to us
probably by no means represent the
entire feminine fighting force of the
Northern army.
The spirit that could Impel a -woman
to leave her usual place in the world
and her ordinary avocations for the
hard fare of a soldier, the rough life of
the camp, and the horrors and dan
gers of the battlefield, was a brave
on©, no matter what the underlying
motive may have been. But It was a
braver spirit still that led not a few
feminine patriots to take up a branch
of service in which all the perils of war
are incurred without the hope of gain
ing any of Its glory— a service which
1b as necessary to the army as it is
hazardous to the Individual perform
ing it.
Of the small band of women who
were of material assistance in the "se
cret" branch of governmental work
there were none more faithful, more
efficient, and more worthy of the grate
ful remembrance of her countrymen
than one who sleeps, undisturbed by
the war alarms of the present. In the
Grand Army plat of the City Cemetery
In San Francisco.
"Pauline Cushman" this heroine liked
to be called, even In the later days
u-hpn another name was hers by right;
for It was as Pauline Cushman that she
won popularity In her youth, and af
terward distinguished herself by her
devotion to her country in its hour of
need. And best of all did she like to
be addressed by her rightful title of
major, since she earned her commis
sion — signed by the martyred Lincoln
himself— by deeds of daring which
gained her at the time not only the ad
miration of the army of the Cumber
land, to which she was attached, but of
the entire country as well.
Pauline Cushman was born in New
Orleans in 1833. Her father was a
Spanish refugee of excellent family,
and her mother a French creole noted
for her grace and beauty even in that
The Routes, the Distances and the Probable Position of Each of the Transports on Each Day Till It Reaches Admiral Dewey's Fleet, Philippine Islands,
at Manila consisted of the Olympia.
Baltimore, Boston, Concord, Raleigh
and ' Petrel. This fleet is still there,
waiting for the arrival of the trans
ports and convoys. On the same date
the cruiser Charleston was several
days out of San 'Francisco on her way
to Honolulu. The transports that sailed
on May 25 were the City of Peking, City
of Sydney and the Australia. These
three vessels carried nearly 4000 men.
On June 2 the first fleet of trans
ports reached Honolulu after a pleas
ant voyage, and found the Charleston
already there. After a day or two
spent In drilling on shore all again pro
ceeded to sea, convoyed by the Charles
ton.
Calculating on the time spent in
reaching Honolulu and providing there
was no trouble at the Ijadrones, the
first fleet must now be very close to the
city of graceful and beautiful women.
From her parents she inherited the
charms of face and figure, the ardent,
impulsive, emotional temperament, the
brilliancy of Intellect, and the fascfna
tion of manner, which particularly
fitted her for the role she was destined
to play In the drama of the preserva
tion of our Union.
An early removal to Grand Rapids,
Michigan, gave Pauline the advantage
of a. childhood and youth spent amid
surroundings which developed the lat
ent force of her character, and so
strengthened her physically that the
delicate Southern-born girl soon rivaled
her Northern mates in vigorous health.
Carefully educated, and environed by
the somewhat irksome though entirely
loving watchfulness characteristic of
high-class Southern households, the
elf-like child grew into a pirlhood so
bf-.'iutiful that she became the envy of
her girl friends and an anxiety to
those who love her best. She early
showed an impatience of control and
an Independence of spirit which marked
her strong individuality, and when she
arrived at the ace of 18 a girlish re
bellion occurred against domestic rules
and regulations.
Quite against the wishes of her right
ful guardians, who shrank from the
idea of a public career for their idol
ized daughter. Miss Cushman insisted
upon entering the theatrical profession
for which she felt herself particularly
fitted. Being fortunate enough to find
a manager who recognized and appre
ciated her undoubted talent, she was
soon advanced to the front rank of
vaudeville actresses, depending upon
her Southern birth to gain her the ini
tial good will of her audiences, made
many trips alont* the Southern circuit
of that day, and established herself as
a prime favorite with the theater- going
public on the lower side of what was
afterward known as Mason and Dix
on's line.
When war was declared Miss Cush
man was playing a succersful engage
ment through the Middle and Western
States, but went South the next year,
playing in those cities which had not
as yet ranged themselves openly and
boldly on the side of the Confederacy.
Having always, for professional rea
sons, made a boast of her Southern
birth, the charming actress was sup
posed to be at heart an adherent of the
"Stars and Bars," and in every town
where she appeared she attracted
around her a circle of Southern sympa
thizers who delighted in showing her
all possible attention in public and
private, and doing everything in their
power to prove their admiration of her
nr.d her supposed sentiments.
In March, 1863, came the turning
point in Pauline Cushman's life. Here
tofore she had been only an ordinarily
successful actress, earning a good
salary and living in careless ease,
courted, flattered and envied as those
who are youne, beautiful and fortunate
always are. She had never experienced
a hardship nor known a real trouble;
her ways had all been ways of pleas
antness, and she had lived like a but
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
Philippines and should reach Manila
sometime on Tuesday.
After the departure of the first fleet
the next vessels to leave this port were
the Bennington and Mohican. These
are both in all probability bow at Hon
olulu. Then followed the Monterey and
the collier Brutus. These went first
to San Diego and left there a few days
before the second fleet of transports
passed out of Golden Gate.
i The four vessels that left here on
■last "Wednesday, the 15th, were the
China, Colon, Zealandia and Senator.
Among them they carried about 4000
men.
These vessels will proceed at the rate
of about ten knots an hour. As it is
2100 miles from here to Honolulu, the
troop ships should reach there about
June 23. It may be that the trans
ports will catch up with the Monterey
before reaching Honolulu, in which
case all will proceed together.
At Honolulu coal will be taken aboard
erfly in one long day of sunshine.
Strange, was it not, that she should
urn from all this to brave dangers the
hought of which might well cause
itout-hearted men to hesitate before
aclng them? That she should of her
>wn free choice give up her career, her
uxuries, her flattering friends, all per
sonal comfort and all real assurance
>f personal safety, to become a scout
md spy for the Union forces, for the
;imple but to her sufficient reason
hat she felt that her country needed
tust the special work that she could
lo better than any one else who could,
it that time, be secured?
She knew that in entering this work
she braved more than the possibility
)f a shameful death, for the Southern
ers, though chivalrous, were never mer
ciful to spies, but her patriot soul look
?d above all this at the starry banner
that she loved, and so gazing she for
?ot all but the fact that she was needed
to help hold it aloft.
There are those alive to-day who re
member well the night when Pauline
?ushman made her dramatic exit from
;he scene of her many triumphs. She
nad been playing a long engagement in
Wood's Theater, Louisville, and had
had a brilliantly successful season,
both socially and professionally. The
:ity was full of carefully repressed se
?ession sentiment, and Pauline was the
center of attraction to the large con
tingent of paroled Confederate officers
who made the place their temporary
home. One of these gentlemen, with a
I'iew to making ~ sensation and anger-
Ing the loyal residents, dared the popu
lar actress to drink a toast to Jefferson
Davis In one of the scenes of the "Seven
Bisters," the play then on the boards,
and she gave him her word that she
would.
All over the town the news spread,
md on the appointed night the theater
was packed with both friends and foes
of the Confederacy, all eager to see if
the programme would be carried out.
The audience was a strange one, and
the atmosphere of the crowded hall
was like that which precedes a tropi
cal thunderstorm — deathly still, and
full of a foreboding which is almost a
promise of tragedy.
The play went on smoothly and quiet
ly until the fateful moment came. Then,
with brilliantly flashing eyes and a
smile that was scornfully triumphant,
albeit she was more than a trifle pale
behind the rouge that she had thought
best to wear for this one nicht. Miss
Cushman advanced to the front of the
stage and raising a wine glass on high
In her slender hand, said clearly, de
liberately and defiantly: "Here's to
Jefferson Davis and the Southern Con
federacy. May the South always main
tain her honor and her rights."
The house became a pandemonium on
the instant, and the terrified manager,
who had never believed that the dash-
Ing actress would carry out what he
considered an idle boast intended to
advertise herself, rang down the cur
tain before the wine glass touched the
laughing lips.
That night Pauline was discharged
from the company, and the next day
she was the idol of every Southerner
who heard the story. Every door and
every heart was open to her, and when,
after being lionized for some time in
Louisville, she was sent beyond the
lines on account of her openly express
ed disloyalty, the people of Nashville,
considering her a victim of Yankee
tyranny, welcomed her enthusiastically
and lauded her to the skies.
Not for many months was thaf truth
?ven suspected. No one save the ac
tress herself and those under whose or
3ers she was working knew that pre
vious to that sensational episode in
Louisville she had made a confidant of
Colonel Moore, the provost marshal of
the district, convinced him of her
stanch loyalty, taken the oath of al
and the boys given a run ashore for a
day or so. Then the long voyage of
4300 miles to the Philippines will be
gin. The Ladrones are 3000 miles from
Honolulu and the ships should reach
there about July 7.
As the exact state of affairs at this
point is now unknown the movements
of the vessels cannot be definitely stat
ed. It may be that there has been
trouble there and that the first fleet
had some fighting to do. In that case
the second fleet may have to remain
there for some time.
legiance and entered the secret service
of the United States.
All the while that she was being en
tertained by Southern admirers she
was gaining from them information as
to how they managed to send supplies
across the lines, the practices of the
guerrillas, the plans of the army, and
the names of those most inimical to the
Government. The Southerners kept no
secrets from her, since they believed
her fully in accord with them, and the
knowledge which she gained was al
most invaluable to the army at that
time.
Her thorough familiarity with the
roads and the different localities in
Kentucky, Tennessee, Georgia, Missis
sippi 'and Alabama made her -—vices
as a scout most Important, and her
unfaltering bravery and unflinching
devotion to what she thought her duty
made her seem almost a second Joan
of Arc to her comrades in arms.
Her adventures were numerous and
exciting, but her histrionic ability and
training stood her in good stead many
times. She understood the- art of
"make-up" and character acting to
perfection, and her expressive face and
tall figure lent themselves readily to
many disguises. As a bent, wrinkled,
crack-voiced old woman; an over
grown, loutish country youth; a bux
om, sun-bonneted damsel, or a gray
coated soldier on sick leave she ex
plored the country, the forts and the
camps, afterward sending full reports
to her superiors, and through It all her
woman's quick wit stood her in good
stead and kept her from betraying her
self, no matter what the pressure of
circumstance might be.
Her narrow escapes were many, but
perhaps the narrowest was when she
was captured by the famous guerrilla,
Jack Morgan.
Out on a scouting expedition misad
ventures on the road had caused Mias
Cushman to seek temporary shelter in
the house of a small planter and Mor
gan, swooping down upon the place in
his unexpected fashion, had found her
there and straightway suspected her of
being what she really was — a spy. Not
wishing to take the responsibility of
deciding upon her case he concluded to
turn her over to General McKinstry,
the provost marshal, and she was sent
to the headquarters of General Bragg,
known because of his wiry, angular
physique and his cold, reserved, unim
pressionable manner, as "cast-iron
Bragg."
Beauty in distress had no effect on
this stern martinet. A spy was a spy
whether in petticoats or trousers and
whether handsome or ugly. He put the
fair captive through a searching cross
examination, then tried her by court
martial and sentenced her to be hanged.
To the fact that the excitement and
anxiety which she experienced made
her too 111 to rise from the rough pallet
in her prison she owed the preservation
of her life. Even the grim general did
not care to hang a woman — spy though
she was — who was so sick that she
could not stand upon her feet, and tak
ing her cue from this unexpected leni
ency the clever actress grew worse In
stead of better daily. Her case seri
ously puzzled the skilled physician
called in to diagnose It; her captors
were beginning to suspect that she was
quite well enough to be hanged if she
wanted to be when General Rosecrans'
advance guard came rattling into town
and restored her to "life, liberty and
the pursuit of happiness."
After that she was a little more cau
tious than she had been previously and
although she was wounded twice, once
so seriously that she never fully re
covered from the effects of it up to the
time of her death, she was never again
captured by the enemy. She served
faithfully up to the end of the war,
and the soldiers of General Rosecrans'
But, granting that, all Is well, the
second fleet wlllstop at the Ladrones
for only a few hours and then proceed
to the Philippines, which should be
reached on or about July 13. It is not
yet definitely settled whether the Ben
nington and Mohican will become a
part of this fleet.
On the Fourth of July the volunteers
on the first fleet of transports will be
going through the routine of camp life
at Manila. The second fleet will be
just about in the middle of the Pa
cific.
command fairly worshiped her.
A major's commission was given her —
honorary, of course, as it Is in all cases
where it is bestowed on women — but in
her eyes of inestimable value as ex
pressing something of the army's feel
ing regarding her.
Fate was not kind to her In the long
years that intervened between those
days of brave exploit and the dreary
December day in 189^ when the Lincoln
Post of San Francisco laid her to rest.
Trouble and misfortune came to her;
friends proved false or became es
tranged; and later generations forgot
the story of the past.
Though never adequately rewarded
for her heroic services she loved her
country to the last, unselfishly and
truly. It was perhaps a poor reward,
but It was one that she always desired,
that the flag of our nation draped her
bier, that soldiers as well as civilians
followed her to the grave, that a salute
was fired across the mound raised
above her. and that "taps" were
sounded when the curtain fell upon
the drama of her life.
■ ♦ ■
WAR'S GREAT LESSON.
THE percentage of volunteers who
are rejected by the surgeons
ranges from 10 to 20 per cent. At
Island Lake recently 700 men
were examined, and only 80 per
cent were accepted. Considering that
the candidates for enlistment are most
ly young men and that they have been
able to come up to physical require
ments of -the National Guard, this is a
discouragingly large proportion of in
capables. :
From other State camps the report
comes that disqualification is due in
the majority of cases to heart weak
ness, attributable generally to cigarette
smoking and not infrequently to ex
cessive bicycle riding. The young men
who belong to our militia are so cir
cumstanced in life that there is scarcely
any excuse for serious physical dis
ability. They are comfortably housed,
well fed, and adequately clothed. Of
recreations and fresh air uiey have an
abundance. They have only iheir own
lmmoderateness in vie t use of tobacco
or the wheel or excesses of other kinds
to blame for their failure to go to the
front with their fellows.
It is ! a safe guess that many of the
young men who get into the service
have more luxuries and more license
than is good for their physical well
being. Once under strict military dis
cipline they will realize the wholesome
results of simple fare, regular habits
and systematic exercise. It is re
grettable that any of our young men
must have to go to war to learn the
value of these simple rules of living —
the inestimable advantage of a self
restrained and well-ordered life.
As for those who have been set aside
by the examiners their rejection will be
worth more than two years in the ser
vice if the humiliating and disappoint
ing experience impels them to overcome
the cause of their disability, if it is
within their power to do so. The youth
who controls his own spirit in all mat
ters affecting his moral and physical
welfare is greater than he that taketh
Havana.
. ■ ♦ i ;
"What's the matter .with Holland? I
hear he's laid up." ,•
"Yes, he bought his wife a chafing dish
a couple of weeks ago."
"But surely that isn't responsible for
his Illness! Why that fellow can eat any
thing."
"Oh, It wasn't anything that he ate.
She hit him over the 'head with it."—
Chicago Record. bragaag
The third fleet of transports will sail
about June 25 next.
WILL SEE HER SON
BEFORE SHE DIES.
He Sailed Away to Manila, a Young Volunteer,
and the Doctors Say the Mother Can
not Live a Year.
NO women nurses to Manila," de
clare the military authorities.
"No women nurses to Manila
unless we send a ship for hos
pital headquarters," say the
ladies of the Red Cross Society.
"I shall go to Manila if I have to go
on my own resources and alone," says
Mrs. Mary Carman. And she says it
with the same determination as the
others, although there are quavering
breaks in her* voice and her eyes are
soft with suppressed tears.
For Mrs. Carman is more than a
nurse anxious to help the sick and
wounded. She is a mother as well. And
a mother who saw her only son, the
sole comfort of her widowed age,
bravely shoulder his musket and march
off to battle for his country. Her most
intimate friends declare that she is de
termined to go to Manila because she
is fearful that she will die with con-
Bumption before her soldier boy returns
and that she may never rest eyes on
him again.
"They tell me," she said, sitting
straight and stiff, every muscle at its
utmost tension, walled in by an un
natural rigidity that locked the flood
gates of tears, "they tell me that if I
do not stop grieving I will break my
heart. But how can I break my heart
when I haven't any? I've sent it along
with my boy to Manila."
A wan, pitiful smile that was sadder
than tears hovered for a second on her
face, then clasping h,er hands her mar
velous self-control slipping from her for
a moment, she leaned forward and in a
voice vibrating with doubt and hope
and longing said: "Oh, do you think
they will send any women to Manila?
Surely if they do send any nurses they
will send me. See, I have dozens of let-
ters of recommendation- from doctors
that I have nursed under."
And so she had. All testifying as to
the character and ability of Mrs. Mary
Carman, nurse.
"I have never gone through a hospital
training school. But surely that can
not make any difference. I have had
fourteen years' practical experience,
nursing for a living, and the doctors
are always satisfied with my work.
And before I began to nurse for a liv
ing I had enough practice attending to
the sick, God knows. First there were
my two little children. One after the
other I nursed them through months
of sickness only to lose them both.
Then my husband was taken from me,
although I cared for him night and
day. I was all alone then with my little
Walter, and I had to do something to
support us. So I turned naturally to
nursing. That was fourteen years ago.
All this time I have worked, but I did
not mind it. I have seen my boy grow
up into a good young man and Just
when we could have been so happy he
is taken away from me."
"But he wfi come back to you," I
said.
"No, he will not unless I go to him.
I feel it. If Ik should escape all the
dangers and ptrils and come back I
feel that I woitd not be here to wel
come him. I ehculd have died of wait
ing. I could stani nursing the Bick and
wounded, the heit, or any amount of
discomfort. I wmld be near him. I
am strong enough to work, but I am
afraid I am not string enough io vrnit."
Perhaps Bhe night prove strong
enough to work. Not alone through
physical strength though, but supported
by her indomitable vill power and the
joy of being near h>r son. And per
haps she is not stroit enough to wait.
For of the two, worling and waiting,
which is the harder?
"It is only three weets now, they tell
me. since he left. It teems like thr»:e
months. I have lived over and over
again the last moments '. was with him
and the last glimpse I had of him
standing waving his cap. Oh, I cannot
explain my feelings. It U so different
for a mother who has other children to
go home to.
"They say that Manila vould mean
certain death for me. They .ed me that
I Mvill go into consumption. That does
not matter. If I could nurse the sol
diers, my own boy if need be, and hear
him say 'Mother' again, I -no-aid pay
the price. Besides I am stroieer than
I look."
Of a truth at first glance one wonders
how Mrs. Carman has managed to en
dure the toil and trouble that has al
ready been hers. But if one seeks for
It there is a suggestion of iviryness
about her that despite her thinness
Bpeaks well for her powers of endur
ance. There is a resolute light in her
blue eyes and unmistakable lines of
firmness about the mouth ana chin.
And above all there is calmness and
gentleness, an absence of all flurry and
bustle, which is the birthmark of her
profession.
"I was out at the Presidio every day
while Walter was there," she continued.
"I never missed one day. They told me
it rained, but I did not feel it. He wag
there and that was al! I knew. Now
he has gone and I feel nothing."
"Did you give him sour permission
to enlist?"
"No, I did not know until he had
signed. He knew that I would not con
sent so he did not tell ne until it was
over. It was the first mportant step
he ever took without consulting me.
But I did not upbraid hm. If he felt
he was right then I cou'd do no more
than try to make his l&st days here
comfortable. But I am determined to
go to him. If the Red Cross Society
does not send any nurses then I will
find some other way. Unless I find out
that no one will be allowed to land in
Manila I will go. Perhaps I can get
a position as stewardess or one of the
ships to China and then cross over from
there to Manila. If there is any possi
ble way I shall find it out and nothing—
not even certain death itself— shall keep
me back.An Asylum:End Of The Madicap Princess Louise
Of Belgium
LONDON — Special Dis
patch to the Sunday
Call. — A special dispatch
from Vienna says the
creditors of Princess Louise
of Saxe-Coburg (wife of
Prince Philip), who is ac
cused of forging the signa
ture of Crown Princess Ste
phanie to the extent of 2.000,
000 florins, are bringing ac
tion against her in an at
tempt to recover the money.
The Vienna correspondent
of the London Daily Chron
icle telegraphed to his paper
on May 10 as follows:
"Princess Louise of Saxe-
Coburg was conveyed to a
private asylum last night.
The Princess, who is a daugh
ter of King Leopold of Bel
gium, had clandestinely
passed the last few weeks
with Lieutenant yon Matta
choch-Keglevitch, her lover,
at his castle near Agram, Cro
atia. In the meantime her
debts grew to millions of flor
ins, and bills bearing the al
leged forged signature of the
Archduchess Stephanie came
into circulation."
PRINCESS LOUISE of Saxe-Co
burg, wife of Prince Philip, has
been accused of forging her sis
ter's name to notes aggregating
2,000.000 florins, has been sued
for hundreds of thousands of florins by
deceived and exasperated creditors, and
has been committed to an insane asy
lum by her dumfounded royal relatives
till the tangled threads of all sorts of
scandals regarding her can be
straightened out after a fashion.
This daughter of King Leopold of
Belgium has been going a pace of late
years that has even startled the wildest
royal revelers of the courts of Europe.
Everybody expected that she would end
her inglorious career in a blaze of
scandal, but no one dreamed that an in
sane asylum would shelter her at the
last. The chroniclers of European gos
sip believe the royal family after a long
conference decided on this act as offer
ing a possible excuse to the public for
her last efflorescent escapades.
Poor madcap Princess! Poor Louise!
Poor because all her follies, all her
w< akaesses wrre no doubt forced upon
her through heredity. The viciousness,
the badness, call it what you will, were
there, were in her blood, and her en
vironment, the passing events of her
life, served but to incubate it. Intrigues
and flirtations were the very air she
breathed.
From early girlhood she has kept so
ciety quivering as from an earthquake
shock.
Low-browed and heavy of feature,
with a form whose voluptuous curves
suggested the feline in every sinuous
movement, she had yet a grace of man
ner which was undoubtedly the out
WICKEDEST CITY
IN THE WORLD
It is called Artena and is located in the Volscian Moun
tains, some forty miles from Rome. Lombroso and other re
nowned students of criminology, armed with Government com
missions, have gone there to study the inhabitants. Lombroso
will write a book on the result of his investigations.
ROME, June 16, 1898.— Armed with
a government commission, Ces
are Lombroso and other re
nowned students of criminology
have turned their attention to
the little city of Artena, in the
"Volscian Mountains, some forty miles,
as the crow flies, from the capital.
Lombroso will write a book on Artena.
This town of 4000 inhabitants lives
in history as the southern hatching
oven of evil-doers and felons. As long
as four and a half centuries ago Cor
rado Celto said to its citizens: "No
possible punishments can deter them
from heaping up crime upon crime,
for their perversity of mind is more
fertile in inventing new offenses than
the imagination of judges is in new
punishments." And at the period men
tioned new-fangled ideas for executing
and torturing criminals were almost as
plentiful as such relating to bicycles
are to-day.
Either for patriotic or geographical
roasons, or both, Artena has never fig
ured in the criminological literature of
the present period, which has branded
other places in Italy as homes of the
born delinquent; but now an overhaul
ing of records, ancient and contem
porary, by the well known authorities
on medical jurisprudence is promised
and we will soon know all about this
romantic spot, where assassins grow
wild, where fair browed mothers edu
cate their children in the noble art of
cutting throats and where revenge is
the prayer on the lips of young and
old.
Meanwhile your correspondent has
done a little investigating on his own
hook. To begin with he ascertained
that while the crop of murders — and
this does not include homicides or
more manslaughter — in the whole of
Italy if on a ratio of thirty to every
other kind of ten thousand deaths in
the kingdom, nearly 2 per cent of
the men, women and children buried
In the mountain cemeteries of Artena
year by year die by violence. And let
the reader remember here that the
Italian national murder crop is the
largest in the civilized world, being
four and a half times larger, for in
stance, than that of Great Britain,
growth of association with the Viennese
women, who are pre-eminently versed
in those arts which attract and hold
the opposite sex. Passionate and ob
stinate, hers was a nature requiring a
master hand for guidance; an iron
hand, but clothed in velvet. Such a
hand her husband, the Prince, did not
possess. He was twice her age, noted
for his capacity for liquor, and uncouth
in personal appearance as well as in
mentality. The records of prudence in
his family were no better than those in
hers, and so the couple were most
charmingly assorted. There were no
illusions to be dispelled on either side,
and still there was no positive dislike.
She was but seventeen when the mar
riage took place and was at once trans
planted from Berlin to that most cor
rupt of capitals, Vienna, where the
Prince was stationed as field marshal
in the Austrian army.
Installed in a palace and left to her
own df vices, unprotected save by that
divinity that doth hedge a kin? and
which is not reckoned among the gen
tlest countries.
"ft hen I asked at the railway station
here for a ticket for Artena, I was told
that no such place was on the route,
and the map corroborated that state
ment. However, I insisted that this
town had been a reality somewhere in
the southeast of Rome between the
western main chain of the Apennines
and the Alban mountains, for five or
six centuries or even more. Then a
council of officials was called and one
of them, who had formerly been in the
service of the Papal Government, re
membered that Artena was a new
name for the old robber stronghold of
Montefortino, where a tribe of the an
cient Volscians, who gave the Roman
republic so much trouble, is still flour
ishing.
"Artena," he continued, "has no rail
way station, for we could probably not
find a station master who would trust
himself in that neighborhood. The
nearest station is Volmontone, on
the Rome-Naples line, via Delletri."
I found the town, which I reached on
mule back, one of the most pictur
esquely situated in the kingdom. Ar
tena crowns the summit of a mountain
1200 feet high. Half way up stands a
mighty castle, built like a fortress of
the Middle Ages, with a moat and
towers galore. It belongs to the Borg
hese, but no member of that princely
family has set foot in it since
shirts of chain mail and steel bonnets
went out of fashion. In fact they
ceased taking personal interest in their
property since their neighbors above
acquired their first blunderbuss.
The town, consists of a single street
crawling up the mountain in zig-zag
fashion. The houses are low and nar
row in depth; behind the small back
yards the rocks descend abruptly, as
if hewn off by a mighty rush of waters.
From the summit an enchanting out
look can be had into the Roman
Campagna, the Alban and Sabine
mountains.
The 4000 citizens of this town are, ac
cording to the Mayor's statements,
among the best situated in Italy as
far as means and opportunities for
making a steady and comfortable living
are concerned, even the poorest of them
owning enough rich land in the valley
to yield all they need, while the better
to-do families are among the heavy
wheat sellers and speculators of the
province. That actual want dpes not
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
supposedly the members of his im
mediate family, it is small wonder that
insanity, to use the polite expression
newly coined for her especial benefit,
found her out.
Society in Vienna is the most fastidi
ous in all Europe. At the same time it
is said to be the most corrupt. Per
exist in Artena was further demon
strated to me by the surpassing fact
that during my visit there not
a single beggar approached me; not
even the children asked for centesimos.
Under these circumstances, to which
may be added a particularly mild cli
mate, one should imagine that the Ar
tenians were a happy-go-lucky lot, a
little lazy perhaps, but certainly un
wiliing to habitually walk the path of
the transgressor. Such a surmise
would completely coincide with the
writings of the Lombrosos, Morrisons,
Ferris and others, who insist that the
majority of criminals are bred under
anomalous social conditions. More
over, it would concur with the latest
year book of the New York State Re
formatory, which says that 53 por cent
of criminals in New York came from
homes which were positively bad. that
is. where want and abject poverty
reigned, besides crime; while only 1V 2
per cent came from homes that were
positively good.
So much for pathological theories.
As a matter of every day practice
c-.ime flourishes in Artena as if the
town were one immense bagnio, and its
four thousand inhabitants so many
graduates from the galleys, set free on
a lone island to massacre ana rob each
other at will.
As already stated 2 per cent of all
deaths in Artena are the outcome of
murder direct; persons dying of
wounds received in assaults, or by the
action of incendiarism, are not included
in the list. Thefts, street robbery, burg
lary and assault with stiletto or re
volver are matters of such ordinary oc
currence in the town and in the valley
belonging to the people that to investi
gate them all, according to the Mayor
of the city, the number of police offi
cials and judges would have to be in
creased out of all proportions to the
total number of inhabitants. The au
thorities, continued this official, take
notice only of the most atrocious of
crimes brought to their notice by the
press of the capital, or when non-resi
dents suffer.
This complacent < fncial is the elev
enth successor of a Mayor mysterious
ly murdered in Artena In the beginning
of 1879. All these Mayors were elected
for a period of ten years. Three died
under the hands of assassins, two of
them in broad daylight and on the
open market place. The rest received
such wounds as to cripple them for
life and make them leave their post in
haste. The incumbent of the of
fice aspires to the distinction of out
living his term, and to that end goes
about his business with ears securely
plugged and eyes shut. As a piece of
general information he told me that
"the number of crimes against life
and property brought to official cog
nizance in Artena is fifteen times
greater, relatively to the number of in
habitants, than in any other place or
district of Italy." Mark the words
"official cognizance!"
Everything tends to show that almost
the entire population of this mountain
town is imbued with criminal propen
sities. There is no need of leading an
Artenaen, who may have strayed from
his or her environment, into crime by
suggestion. All of them seem to be
possessed of an irresistible passion for
cruelty— cruelty that wishes its victim
haps with the exception of Naples It
will bear less than any other Con
tinental city the searching ray of the
Diogenesean lantern. The women are
more than charming and worse than
pretty. They possess a manner in
describably caressing, together with
well cultivated, beautifully modulated
to feel the bitterness of death. The
men and women of Artena are even
wanting in paternal and maternal af
fection. Vengeance is of their daily
prayer and in deliberateness of crim
inal purpose they have no equals on
the" face of Europe, save perhaps in
some pans dominated by "the un
speakable Turk."
Since the old name "of Montefortino
w;is erased from the map after the fall
of Rome and the end of the Papal Gov
ernment in 1870. three entire families,
some of the oldest in the city, have
been* completely wiped out — grand
parents, parents, brothers and sisters,
cousins and nieces, nephews and uncles
and aunts — the Scar°nzies, the Dabos
and the Rulfls. Neighbor throws him
sHf upon neighbor in the fields, on
the street, or in his or her castle, the
home. All houses are provided with
meons of fortifications and many trap
doors. Victims of hatred or the prizes
of robbery are killed, maimed or tor
tured. A house goes up in flames and
half a dozen children with it. Who
cares? Next day a friend of the mur
dered family shoots down the perpe
trator or perpetrators wherever he find
or trecks them.
The authorities are powerless, for no
citizen of Artena will bear witness
against another. "Vengeance is mine,"
says the mountain "hero" or "heroine."
and, no matter how convincing the
proof furnished, his or her obstinancy
of denial is greater. I attended a ses
sion of the assizes at Artena early in
the year. The whole town knew that
young Ottavi saw his father mur
dered by Jegado. Did he bear out the
public prosecutor? Not a word could
that official draw from his sealed lips.
His sisters, his mother, who had been
likewise direct or indirect witnesses to
the deed, were equally silent. When 1
returned to Rome I read in the Tribuna
a dispatch saying that Jegado's house
was broken Into night before last and
that the murderer and his family of
three small children were bound to the
bed, drenched with kerosene, and
slowly roasted to death — "perpetrators
unknown," of course.
Murder is avenged by murder In Ar
tena, as was done for centuries past in
Montefortino, and whoever testifies
against a red-handed scoundrel takes
his life in his hands. Hatred, jealousy
and petty squabbles lead to new mur
ders, for the citizen of Artena is un
stable, excessively vain, morbidly
irritable and loves revenge above a!l
things.
After 1870 the new Government re
solved to break up the time honored
robber nests, and Montefortino in par
ticular was given a strong judicial ad
ministration; schools were erected and
the greatest severity was exercised in
oarrying out the laws and enforcing re
spect for them.
As a consequence a few hundred of
the inhabitants had to be taken charge
of at once and shipped to the county
seat, where they were confronted with
their judges, a cage having been built
for every twelve prisoners. Whole
families were then deported; but crime
did not diminish in the least. The new
city of Artena soon had as bad a name
as the Montefortino of old.
Just before Pietro Acciarito heaped
new criminal renown upon his native
city by attempting jthe Jife of KiP£
voices. They charm the eye, the ear,
the senses. They are trained to it; it is
their lire, their business. They are ab
solutely unexcelled in the practice of
all womanly graces.
In this world of fashionable intrigue
the Belgian girl was left to play her
hand alone and it was virtual solitaire
Umherto in April last, a royal official
was foully murdered in Artena: and,
though many are undoubtedly in the
secret of his taking off. it is impossible
to gain one particle of evidence assur
ing conviction. It happened in this
way. About a year ago the letter car
rier of the city was deposed and an
other young man sent from Rotr.e to
take his place. The wife of the former,
a fine-looking woman, went about the
city bewailing his misfortune and of
fering proof that her husband had been
unlawfuily dimissed. Finally she ga->e
out that she has made a vow to the
Holy Virgin to weara black dress in the
Easter procession, Avhieh meant certain
death to the new letter carrier. Of
course, the people of Artena saw the
point of this talk, and when the young
woman, thus appeared on April 18
among three hundred others clad in
white, singing and praying in the pro
cession behind the cross, nobody in
town doubted that the Government
would soon have to send a second post
man to that district.
The blasphemous woman not only
wore the unconventional dress, but in
stead of the candle and flowers, carried
an unlighted torch in her hand, wound
with crape. On the following Monday,
April 26, the letter carrier was found
dead in the road leading from Volmon
tone to the mountain town. He had
been shot through the head and a dag
ger stuck in his heart. All the money
and valuable letters he carried were
gone.
There are only surmises as to the
murderer or murderers, and these say
that the man was shot down by Maria's
lover and that she, to make death sure,
or following an impulse of cruelty,
plunged the knife into him.
The Government stands aghast before
the problem of what to do with this
town full of criminals. On March 7,
1557, Pope Paul IV issued an edict or
dering the city of Montefortino to be
razed to the ground. The command
was only half carried out. Troops
drove the citizens from their strong
holds into the forests and encamped on
the victorious ground after many a hot
battle. But two years later the new
Pontiff, Plus IV, allowed the citizens to
return, and since then no such sum
mary form of reform has been at
tempted; although it is generally con
ceded to be the only one that might be*
of lasting benefit.
Rats, mice and squirrels are continu
ally gnawing at something, but they do
not do this out of "pure mischief." as
people generally imagine. Animals of this
class, especially the rats, have teeth
which continue to grow as long as the
owner lives. In the human species, the
teeth are developed from pulps, which are
absorbed and disappear so soon as the
second set are full grown, but in the
case of the much-maligned rat the pulp
supply is perpetual, and is continually se
creting materials by which the incisors
gain in length. This being the case, the
poor creature is obliged to continue his
gnawing operation in order to keep his
teeth ground down to a proper length.
In one of the Canary Islands there : is
a tree :of - the laurel family ■ that * occa
sionally rains down in the . early evening
quite a. copious ; shower of .• waterdrops
from its tufted foliage. > The water comes
out i through i innumerable little pores sit
.uated at the e&sg.ot the leaves, __^
for a while.
Then tiring of the seclusion she thrust
her head beyond the hedge. An Aus
trian Prince, whom she haa met at
Carlsbad and whose infatuation rippled
the current of life there, sought her
hiding place and seeking found her.
His blood was royal and his purse was
heavy.
Some of the most regular frequenters
of the race track in Vienna are women.
One sees them constantly on the course,
book in hand, wherever the betting is
heaviest; women of rank, members
even of royal households. And here,
day after day the Princess Louise was
to be seen, seated in the Austrian
Prince's box. Next an attache of the
Belgian embassy and then a French
Marquise followed in her train.
A boy and girl were born to her and
then the turning point in her life was
reached.
A little sister of hers whom she had
LAST GROG DRUNK
IN THE NAVY
"Splicing the main brace," as the sailors call it, has
almost become ancient history among our war vessels; the
whisky ration was cut off early in the Civil War for reasons
fully set forth in the following article. John Bull has his own
opinion about serving grog, but the crusade against it is
spirited and determined.
THEY didn't "splice the main
brace" the other day on the
Nashville when that gallant gun
boat had raced through the sea
with every human pulse a-beat
and captured the first prize of the war.
They won't splice the main brace on
the Oregon even if all hands should
have the strain of that seemingly im
possible thing, an all day's running
fight with a fleet of Spanish cruisers.
"Splicing the main brace" is, or
rather used to be, serving an "extra"
allowance of grog to all hands on a
naval vessel after an engagement. This
explanation is so old that it will be
news to many in these days. If things
were as they used to be how naturally
it would have happened that when the
Nashville had captured her prize and
when every heart aboard was aglow
with the success that the boatswain
and his mates should have piped
through the ship the order, "All hands
for grog." At the beginning of any
other war in our history "Grog oh!"
would have resounded through the
ship. But—
They've raised his pay five cents a day
And stopped his grog forever.
One out of the mass of records is a
report from the Lord Deputy and Coun
cil of Ireland to Henry VIII in 1545 on
the "victualling of shipping-," and
among the liquor supplies is "Wyne,
Sake, 6 tonnes, maketh beverage 18
tonnes; wyne, Gascoyne, 11 tonnes,
maketh beverage 16 tonnes."
That is how John Bull watered his
sack and Gascony wine for his sailors
in those days.
A notable event in this history was
the invention of "grog" in i 740. Ac
cording to a learned article on the sub
ject published in The United Service by
Admiral Meade in ISB4, the honor is due
to Admiral Vernon of the royal navy.
In bad weather it was his fashion to
wear on deck a grogram cloak from
which he acquired among the men the
sobriquet of "Old Grog." About the
year mentioned, while in command of
the "West India station, he originated a
new and satisfactory official beverage
composed of rum and water, the serv
ing of which began on his flagship, the
Burford, and thence spread. The bev^
left in short skirts in Brussels became
the wife of the Austrian Crown Prince
and the prospective Empress of the
realm. From that moment the mael
strom of fastidious Viennese social Ufa
beheld the Princess in its vortex.
The potent atmosphere which sur
rounds a throne now threw its haze
over her defects, and to those who
hitherto had looked upon her as com
monplace she now became the candl©
around which the noble young moths
fluttered and worshiped.
Viennese society is not puritanical, to
put it mildly — provided the convention
al mask is worn. There may be a few
sewing societies and the accompanying 1
gossip, but that is all. About those of
royal blood, however, there is a hedga
of etiquette. Over this he/lge a young
nobleman clambered to pay his devoirs
to the effulgent Belgian Princess. A
rebuke from the princely husband sent
him back ingloriously.
This experience* disgusted the Prin*
cess, but it taught her a lesson.
As a consequence she looked nearer
home and found her moth in the per*
son of Lieutenant Geza yon Matta*
choch, her husband's adjutant.
And now comes the question of in*
sanity. A free rein, a complaisant hus
band, for it was a full year before the
Prince gave voice, and that was when,
che melodramatically efoped with her
husband's adjutant. What mad im
pulse had been implanted in her that
caused her to take Geza yon Matta
choch by the hand and run away?
Perhaps it was heredity. Her father's
sister, Charlotte ol Mexico, was clouded
mentally and was also secluded. But
poor Charlotte had cause. She had seen
her empire vanish, her husband shot in
Mexico. These troubles were enough
to unseat her reason. Many have lost*
it for less.
Victor Hugo says "Woman is a per-:
fected devil," and perhaps it was pure
devilishness on Louise's part. Perhaps
it was the Satanic proclivities of her :
husband, ft may have been a little of;
both or neither.
It is a psychological enigma at best,
and it is sufficient to say that Geza.
and Louise left Vienna and threw con-J
ventions to the bow-wows.
She had been gone some time before^
the social bomb exploded, and it was
not until then that what everybody.;
knew reached the husband's ears.
He did not congratulate himself fori
his escape and thank his adjutant, but.;
promptly challenged him to a* duel. l
Geza added injury to insult by wound-:
ing him.
In the light of this duel the Prince's*
honor was satisfied — from a European,
standpoint. But the duel called public
attention to the elopement, which had
not been generally known. The Prin
cess had taken a villa at Nice, where
she was chaperoned by her daughter
Dora, the betrothed of Duke Gunther*
brother of the Empress of Germany.
While at Nice Yon Mattachoch called
daily on the Princess, but no scandal
ensued.
After the duel the second elopement,
the elopement proper, occurred. They
left Nice together, leaving a horde of
disgruntled and unpaid tradesmen be
hind them, and fled to a castle in Croa
tia, owned by the lieutenant.
The scandal then became so malodor
ous that the. royal family was com
pelled to take notice of it. A council of
war was held and the Princess was
quietly but very vigorously removed to
an insane asylum.
Such is the history of the affair. Un
savory as it is it has served to estab
lish a record, so to speak. For thia
iluel is the first on record to occur be
tween royalty and a commoner.
Louise is not the only x'rincess who
has left a stain upon the royal purple,
but she is the first person, royal or
otherwise, to be confined to an asyluna
for such a cause.
erage was dubbed "grog" and the wonj
has lived.
A few years later, in 1758, the instruc-*
tions for the royal navy contained this*
wisdom:
Whereas, It is of very pernicious con
sequence to suffer seamen to drink in.
drama the allowance made to them of
any kind of spirituous liquor in lieu of
beer, and it having been found by ex
perience that the serving of it mixed
with water is very conducive to the pres
ervation of their health, every com
mander is, therefore, strictly charged
never to suffer any kind of spirituous
liquor to be issued by itself to the com
pany of the ship or vessel under his com- 1
mand, but to cause the allowance for all
the officers and company to be every day
mixed with a due proportion of water
upon deck, in the presence of the lieu
tenant and two other officers of the
watch, who are to be strictly charged to
take care that the men*be not defrauded!
in their allowance.
When our navy began its illustrious!
career amid the Revolution liquor was
of course as necessary a part of the
supplies as sea-biscuit and powder, and'
we find Paul Jones, on sailing from
Portsmouth in 1777, bewailing amongi
other shortages "only thirty gallons o{i
rum."
In 1831 Congress took an advanced'
step by providing that all in the navy,
who voluntarily relinquished the spiriti
ration should be paid 6 cents a day.'
In 1842 the ration was cut down to on»<
gill, but the alternative of a half-pint,
of wine was added, and the commuta-*]
tion price was fixed at 3 cents.
The first year of the Civil Wan
brought a greatly increased naval forced
and increased trouble from strong
drink. Moral sentiment had progressed,
too.
In July, 1862, Congress revolutionized
the American navy by passing the his
toric law providing:
That from and after the first day ot
September, 1862, the spirit ration in the
navy of the United States shall forever
cease, and thereafter no distilled spiritu
ous liquors shall be admitted on board of
vessels-of-war except as medical stores
and upon the order and under the control
of the medical officers of such vessels,
and to be used only for medical purposes.
From and after the first day of Septem
ber next there shall be allowed and paid
to each person in the navy now entitled to
the spirit ration 5 cents per day in com
mutation and lieu thereof, which shall ba
in addition to the present pay.
And since that day there has been n<j
"grog" in the United States navy.
2324
Salvage
IN THE HEIGHT OF A BLAZING AFTERNOON THERE AROSE AN ISLAND OUT OF A TWINKLING TURQUOISE SEA.
THE boafs an old P. and O. lifeboat,"' said Mr. Mc-
Todd, "diagonal built of teak, and quite big enough
for the purpose. Of course, something with steam
in her would be better, because we're both steamer
men, but that's out of the question. That would
mean too many to share. So the thing is, can you
buy this lifeboat and victual her for the trip? I'm no
v.-hat ye might call a capitalist myself just for the mo
ment.
Captain Kettle eyed the grimy serge of his companion
with disfavor. "You don't look it," he said. "That last
engine-room you got sacked from mift have been a
mighty filthy place."
" 'Twas," said McTodd. "But, as it happened, I didn't
get the sack. I ran from her here in Gib. because I'd no
wish to get back to England and have this news useless
in my pocket. And, of course, I had to let slide the £8 In
wages that was due to me."
Kettle gave up pacing the room and sat himself on the
edge of the table and frowned. "I don't see the use of
taking either Antonio, if that's his name, or your other
Dago. I don't like the breed of them. You and I would
be quite enough to handle an open boat, and quite able to
take care of ourselves. If the wreck's got the money on
her, and we finger it, we'll promise to bring them back
their share ail right; and if the thing's a nzzle, as it's
very likely to be, they'll be saved a very unpleasant boat
cruise."
"It's no go," said the engineer, "and you may make up
your mind to have them as shipmates, captain, or sit here
on your tail where you are. I don't trust them no more
than a stripped thread. And they don't trust me. They
would not trust the provost of Eciinboro If he was to
make similar proposals to them."
"I'd met Tonio in LaffOS. He was a >rroas<r (in a boat
there, and I was her second enf i s-^mt- English
— coast English— and he did the talking. 1 give Tonio
credit; he spat out his tale He ami his mate
were in the stoke hold of mr ■ Tnlng from
the River Plate to Genoa, and calling at some of the
"\Ve3tern Islands on route. just going
off watch and were leanl: . et a breath
at cool air before turning h .ruing past
some rocky islands ami there In , -in night of then wan :i
vessel hard and fast ashori Mak^ about
It: they both saw hei - And
what was more, the I, said
he knew her. According to nil Piincansbv
Id ad. He'd served In her I • ■ ■>> ages, and
he said he'd know her anywhere."
"A dago's word isn't- worth much for a thing like that,"
eald Kettle.
"Watt a bit. The pair of them stayed whT« they were
and looked at it the rest of th* watch on deck. The sec
ond mate on the bridge wns staring ahead sleepily; the
quartermaster at the wheel wrai nodding and blinking at
the binnacle; the lookout on the forecastle was seated on
a fife rail, snoring; no one of these had seen the wreck.
"And so Antonio and h!s mate told the other dago
that they had seen the wreck?"
"Not much! T.hey kept their heads shut. There was
money In the idea. So there yon have the whole yarn,
except that they got to know that the DuncansDy was
on her way home after a long spell of tramping when she
got Into trouble, and carried all the money she'd earned
FLYING CRUSTACEAN
BALLOON-MAKING SPIDERS.
UNTIL quite recently It was gener
ally Bupposed that In order to fly
an animal must have wings. But
now It Is well known that several
species of both land and water
animals are possessed of the abil
ity to sustain themselves and
move with jreater or less rapidity
through ths air for considerable dis
tances. ,
In good solid gold in the charthouse drawer."
"Very well," said Kettle. "And now let's get a move
on us."
It would be unprofitable to follow in detail the fitting;
out of the wrecking expedition upon insufficient capital,
and so be it briefly stated that the old lifeboat (which had
passed through many hands since she was cast from the
P. & O. service) was purchased by dint of naggllng for an
absurdly small sum, and victualed and watered for eigh
teen days. The Portuguese, who still refused to discloso
the precise location of the wreck, said that it might take
a fortnight to reach her. and prudence would have sug
gested that it was advisable to take at least a month s
provisions. But the meagerness of their capital flatly for
bade this, and they were only able to furnish the boat
with what would spin out to eighteen days on an uncom
fortably short ration. They trusted that what pickings
they might find in the storerooms of the wreck herself
would provide them for the return voyage.
The voyage did not begin with prosperity. There is al
ways a strong surface current running through the
straits, and just then the breezes were light. The life
boat was a dull sailer, and her people, in consequence, had
the mortification of keeping Carnero Point and the frown
ing rock behind in sight for three baking days. The two
Portuguese were first profane, then sullen, then fright
ened; some saint's day, it appeared, had been violated by
the start, and they began first to hint at and then to in
sist on a return. To which Kettle retorted that he was
going to see the matter through now if he had to hang in
the straits for the whole eighteen days, and subsist for
the rest of the trip upon dew and their belts, and in this
McTodd backed him up. Once started anfl away from the
whisky bottle, there was nothing very yielding about Mr.
McTodd. Only one compromise did Kettle offer to make.
He would stand across and drop his Portuguese purtners
on the African shore if they, on their part, would disclose
the whereabouts of the wreck, and in due time, when the
dividends were gathered, he faithfully promised them
their share. But to this they would not consent.
At last, however, a kindly slant of wind took the life
boat in charge and hustled her wetly out into the broad
Atlantic, and when they had run the shores of Europe and
Africa out of sight, then Senor Antonio saw tit to give
Cupt.nln Kettle a course.
"We was steamin' froma Teneriffe to Madeira when we
saw thosa rocks with Duncansby Head asho'."
"H'm," said Kettle. "Those'll be the Salvage Islands."
"Steamah was pile up on de first. 'Nother Island we
pass after."
•'That's Piton Island. If I remember. Let's have a loow
at the chart." H,e handed over the tiller to McTodd, took
a t ittered admiralty chart from one of the lockers and
spread it on the damp floor gratings. The two Portuguese
helped with their brown paws to keen it from fluttering
away. "Yes, either Little Piton or Great Plton. Which
side did you pass it on?"
Antonio thumped a gunwale of the lifeboat.
"Kept it on the port hand going north, aid you? Then
that'll dc Great Piton, and a sweet shop it is for reefs ac
cording to this chart. I wish I'd a directory. It will be a
regular cat's dance getting in."
"Those Canary fishing schooners land on the Salvages
sometimes," said McTodd, "so I heard once In Las
Palmas."
STRANGE FISHES, FROGS AND REPTILES THAT FLY IN THE AIR.
It if* Interesting to know that yet an
other animal has long since solved the
problem of aerial navigation— and one of
as simple organization as the crustacean.
The discovery was made quite recently
In Russia.
Dr. Ostroounoff, traveling in a boat
along the shores of the Crimea, noticed
what he took at first to be gnats, which
seemed to leap up out of the water. Hav
ing captured some of them he was aston
ished to se« that they were not insects
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, SUJNDAY, JUJMS 19, 1898.
FLYING FISH.
at all, but crustaceans, which he recog
nized immediately as having been already
baptized by Claus with the name of Pon
telllna Mediterranea.
These singular animals are absolutely
without wings; but their feet are gar
nished with a kind of nap of long hairs,
and the extremity of the abdomen car
ries hairy appendices something like
feathers. They do not cut as many antics
in the air as gnats and mosquitoes, and
are only about four hundredtns of an inch |
"Then there'll be fleas on the islands, whatever elsa
there Is," said Kettle. "I guess we've got to take our
chances, Mac. If the old wreck's been overhauled before
we get there It's our bad luck; if she hasn't been skimmed
clean we'll take what there is, and I fancy we shall be men
enougli to stick to it. It isn't as if she was piled up on
some civilized beach, with coast guards to take possession,
and all the rest of It. The islands are either Spunish or
Portugee. At the shortest we've got 700 miles of blue
water ahead of us."
Open-boat voyaging in the broad Atlantic may have its
pleasures, but these, such as they were, did not appeal to
either Kettle or his companions. By day the sun scorched
them with intolerable glare and violence; toy night the
clammy sea mists drenched them to the bone. For a
larger vessel the weather would have been accounted fa
vorable; for their cockle-shell It was once or twice terrific.
In this guise, then, they ended their voyage, winch had
spun out to nigh upon 1000 miles, through contrary winds
and the necessltv for incessant tacking; and in the height
of one blazing afternoon there rose the tops of the islands
out of a twinkling turquoise sea.
These appeared first as mere dusty black rocks sticking
up out of the calm blue— Great Salvage island ro the
northward, and Great Piton to the south and beyond — but
they grew as the boat neared them, and presently ap
peared to be built upon a frieze of dazzling feathery
whiteness.
Great Salvage Island drew abeam, and passed away
astern; Great Piton lay close ahead now, fringed with a
thousand reefs, each with its spouting breakers. The din
of the surf came to them laudly up the wind. A flock of
seafowl, screaming and circling, sailed out to escort them
in. And ahead, behind the banks of breakers, drawing
them on as water will draw a choking man, was the
rusted smokestack and stripped masts of a derelict mer
chant steamer.
There is a yarn about an open boat which had voyaged
1200 miles over the lonely Pacific, coming upon a green
atoll, and being sailed recklessly in through the surf and
drowning every soul on board, and the yarn Is easily be
lievable. Captain Kettle and his companions had under
gone horrible privations; here at last was the isle of their
hopes, and the treasure Cas it seemed) in full view; but by
pome intolerable fate th^y were barred from It by relent
less walls of surf. Kettle ran in as close as he dared, and
then flattened in his sheets and sailed the lifeboat close
hauled along the noisy line of breakers to the norrard,
looking for an opening.
The two Portuguese grumbled openly, and, when not a
ghost of a landing place showed itself, and Kettle put her
about to sail back again, even the cautious McTodd put
up his word to "run in and risk it."
But Kettle, though equally sick as they were of the
boat and her voyage, had all a sailor's dislike for losing
his ship, whatever she might be. and cowed them all with
voice and threats, and at last his forbearance was re
warded. A slim passage through the reefs showed itself
at the southern end of the island, and down- it they
dodged, trimming their sheets six times a minute, with ah
escort of dangers always close on either hand, and finally
ran into a rocky bay, which held comparatively smooth
water.
There was no place to beach the boat; they had to an
chor her off, but with a whip on the cable they /were able
THE SWALLOW OF THE SEA.
FLYING FROG.
in length. The size, however, is not the
important point in this caae. It is the
fact Itself of a crustacean flying.
Next to this flying wonder comes the
"flying fish," which lives in tropical wat
ers. They have broad, winglike mem
branes on their long side fins. They leap
suddenly from the wave and move
through the air with rapidity for some
twenty or thirty feet.
In company with the flying fish may be
mentioned the "dactyloptere volant* of
CUTUFFE
HYNE
touch, and in the end she shot out into clear water
to step athore on a ledge of stone and then haul the Doat
off again out of harm's way. ... .  . „ at
It may be thought that they capered with dellgni at
treading on dry land again, but there was nothing or tnis
With their cramped limbs and disused Joints it was as
much as they could do to hobble, and every step/ was a
wrench. But the lure ahead of them was great enougn to
triumph over minor difficulties. Half a mile away along
the rocks was the Duncansby Head, and for her tney
raced at the top of their crippled gait. And the seaiowi
bcroamed curiously above their heads.
They scratched and tore themselves in this frantic
progress over the sharp volcanic rocks they choked witn
thirst, they panted with their labor, but none of these
things mattered. The deserted steamer, wnen they came
to her. was lying off from the shore at the other side otii
lake of deep water. But they were fit for no more wait
ing, and each, as he came opposite her, waded out. or ns
depth and swam off with eager strokes. Davit falls trail
ing in the water gave them an entrance way, and up tneaa
they climbed with the quickness of apes, and* then witn
one accord they made tor the pantry ana the steward j
storeroom. The gold which had lured them waa forgotten;
the immediate needs of their famished bodies were the
only things they remembered. They found a cheese, a
box of musty biscuit and a filter full of stale and tepid
water, and they gorged till they were tilled, and swore
they had never sat to so delicious a meal.
With repletion came the thoughts of fortune again, ana
off they went to the chart house to finger the coveted
p<>ld. But here was a disappointment ready and waiting
for them. They had gone up in a body, neither nationality
trusting the other, and together they ransacked the placo
with thoroughness. There were papers in abundance,
there were clothes furry with mildew, there was a broken
box of cheap cigars, but of money there was not so much
as a bionze piece. . .
"Eh, well." said Kettle, sitting back on the musty bed
clothes, "we have had our trouble for nothing. Sone one s
been here first and skinned the place clean."
"Weel," said McTodd, rubbing his thumb tightly into
his finger's end, "if I were a swearer I could say a great
deal."
"The dagos are swearing enough for the whole crowd
of us, to judge by the splutter of them. The money' 3
gone clean; it's vexing, but that's a fact. Still, I don t
like to go back empty-handed."
"I'm as keen as yoursel'. There's that £8 of my wages
I left when I ran in Gib that's got to be made up somehow.
What's wrong with getting off the hatcnes and seeing
how her cargo's made up?
"She's loaded with hides. I saw it on the manifest.
There was Jimmy Mulready's G scrawl at the foot of it.
That photo there above the bed foot will be his wife. Poor
old Jimmy. He got religion before I did, and started his
insurance, too, and if he's kept them both up he and his
widow ought to be all right— by James: Did you feel
that!"
McTodd stared round him. "What?" he asked.
"She moved."
"I took it for sure she was on the ground.
"So did I. But she isn't. There, you can feel her lift
again.
They went out on deck. The sun was already dipping
!n the western sea, behind the central hill of the island,
and in another few minutes it would be dark. There la
little twilight so far south. So they took crossbearing on
the shore and watched intently. Yes, there was not a
doubt about it. The Duncansby Head floated and she
was moving across the deep water lake that held her.
"Mon," said the engineer enthusiastically, "ye've a
great head and a great future before you. I'd never, have
guessed it." ,
"I took It for granted she's beaten her bottom out in
getting here, but she's blundered in through the reefs
without touching, and if she's come in she can get out
again, and we're the fellows to take her."
"With engines?"
"With engines, yes. If she's badly broken down In the
hardware shop we're clone. I'd forgotten the machinery,
and that's a fact. We"ll find a lantern ana I'll go down
with you. Mac. and give them an Inspect."
The two Portuguese had already sworn themselves to a
standstill, and had gone below and found bunks; tout the
men from the little islands in the north had more energy
ln their systems, and they expended It tirelessly. McTodd
overhauled every nut, every bearing, every valve, every
rod of the engines with an expert's criticism, and found
nothing that would prevent active working; Kettle rum
maged the rest of the ship; and far Into the morning they
foregathered again in the charthouse and compared re
sults. She had been swept, badly swept; everything mov
able on deck was gone; cargo had shifted and then shift
ed back again till she had lost all her list and was In
proper trim; the engines were still workable if carefully
nursed; and, in fact, though battered, sne was entirely
seaworthy. And while, with tired gusto they were com
paring these things weariness at last got the better of
them, and first one and then the other incontinently
dropped off into the deadest of sleep.
That the Duncansby Head had come in unsteered and
unscathed through the reefs, and therefore, under steam
and control she could go out again, was on the face of it
a very simple theory to make; but to discover a passage
through the rocks to make it practicable was quite an
other matter. For three days the old P. & O. lifeboat
plied up and down from outside the reefs, and had twenty
narrow escapes from being smashed into staves. It looked
as if nature had performed a miracle and taken the
steamer bodily in her arms and lifted her over at least a
dozen black wails of stone.
The two Portuguese were already sick to .death of the
whole business, but for their feelings neither Kettle nor
McTodd had any concern whatever. They were useful in
the working of the boat, and therefore they were taken
along, and when they refused duty or did It with too
much llstlessnesp to please they were cuffed into activity
again. There was no verbal argument about the matter.
"Work or suffer" was the simple motto the two islanders
went upon, and it answered admirably. They knew the
breed of the Portuguese of old.
At last, by dint of daring nnd toil, the secret of the
passage through the noisy spouting reefs was won; it
was sounded carefully and methodically ror sunken rocks,
and noted in all possible ways; and the old P. & O. life
boat was hoisted on the Duncansby's davits. The Portu
guese were driven down into the stokehold to represent
double watches of a dozen men and make a requisite
steam; McTodd fingered the rusted engines like an art
ist, and Kettle took his stand alone with tne steam wheel
on the upper bridge.
They had formally signed articles, and apportioned
themselves pay. Kettle as master, McTodd as chief en
gineer, and the Portuguese as firemen, because salvage
Is apportioned pro rata, and the more pay a man is get
ting the larger is his bonus. On which account (at Mc-
Todd's suggestion) they awarded themselves paper sti
pends which they could feel proud of. and put down the
Portuguese for the ordinary fireman's wages then paid
out of Gibraltar, neither more nor less. For, as the eu
gineer said, "There was a fortune to be divided up some
how, and it would be a pity for a pair of unclean dagos
to have more than was absolutely necessary, seeing that
they would not know what to do with it."
Captain Kettle felt it to be one of the supreme mo
ments of his life when he rang on the Duncansby's bridge
telegraph to "half-speed ahead." Here was a bit for for
tune such as very rarely came in any shipmaster's way;
not getting salvage, the larger part of which an owner
would finger, for mere assistance; but taking to port a
vessel which was derelict and. deserted, the greatest and
rarest plum that the seas could offer. It was a thought
that thrilled him.
But he had not much time for sentimental musings in
this strain. A terribly nervous bit of pilotage lay ahead
of him: the motive power of his steamer was feeble and
uncertain, and it would require all his skill and resource
fulness to bring her out into deep blue water. Slowly she
backed and went ahead, dodging round to get a square
entrance to the fairway; then with a slam Kettle rang
on his telegraph to "Full speed ahead." so as to get her
under the fullest possible command.
She darted out into the narrow winding lane between
the wall? of broken water, and the roar of the surf closed
round her. Rocks sprung up out of the deep — hungry
black rocks? as deadly as explosive torpedoes. With a full
complement of hands and a pilot for years acquainted
with the place. It would have been an infinitely daneer
ous piece of navigation; with a half-power steamer which
had only one man all told upon her decks, and he almost
a stranger to the place. It was a miracle how she got out
unscathed. But It was a miracle assisted by the most
brilliant skill. Kettle had surveyed the channel In the
lifeboat and mapped every rock in his hefld, and when
the test came he was equal to it. It would be hard to
come across a man of more iron nerve.
Backing and going ahead, to get round right-angled
turns of the fairway, shaving reefs so closely that the
wash from them creamed over her rail, the battered old
tramp stenmer faced a million dang'era for every fathom
of her onward way; but never once did she actually
FLYING SQUIRREL.
the Mediterranean, sometimes called the
"swallow of the sea."
After the fish comes the flying frogs of
the Sunda Islands. Their palmated feet
are of comparatively large dimensions.
On one whose body measured four inches
in length Mr. Wallace found the spread
of the membranous feet to be over
twenty Inches square.
Nature attains the same end by
divers means In many cases. To
give the crustacean, the fish and
and gayly hit diamonds from the wave-tops into the san-
Sh i n t possible for a man to concentrate .himself so^p
ly upon one thing that he is deaf to all « else in tie wona,
the d until Captain Kettle" was in this condition He was
the open Captain Kettle was in this cond tion._ He was
dimly conscious of voices hailing him, t fn n « _^ a t ° "°
leisure to give them heed. But when the strain v, as taken
off, then there was no more disregarding the cries, we
turned his head and saw a half-sunk raft which seven
men with clumsy paddles were frantically laboring to
ward him along the outer edge of the reefs.
Without a second thought he rang off engines an the
steamer lost her way and fell off into the trough and
waited for them. From the first he had a foreboding as
to who they were; but the men were obviously castaways
and by all the laws of the sea and humanity he was
bound to rescue them. , . , a r. ♦ >*
Ponderously the raft paddled up and got . under the
steamer's lee. Kettle came down off the bridge ana
threw them the end of the halyard, and eagerly en
they, scrambled up the rusted plating. k and clambered
over the rail. They looked around them with curlosUj
but with an obvious familiarity. "I left my pipe stuck
behind that stanchion." said one, "and by gum it s mere
still." Fo'c'sle door's stove in," said anotner; I wonder
if they've scoffed my chest." , , , _„!„„
"You Robinson Crusoes seem to be making yourselves
at home," said Kettle.
One of the men knuckled his shock of hair. vV c was
on her, sir, when she happened her accident. We got ore
in the captain's boat and she got smashed to bits lancnn o
on Great Salvage, yonder. We've been living there ever
since on rabbits and gulls and cockles, till we built that
raft and -ferried over here. It was tough living, but I
guess we were better off than the poor beggars who got
swamped in the other boats."
"The other two boats got picked up."
"Did they, though? Then I call it beastly hard luck on
us."
"Captain Mulready was master, wasn't he? Did ha
get drowned when your boat went ashore?"
The sailor shrugged his shoulders. "No, sir. Captain
Mulready's on the raft down yonder. He reels all crum
pled up to find the old ship's afloat and you've got her
out She'd a list on when we left her that would have,
scared Beresford, but she's chucked that straight again,
and who's to believe it was ever there?"
Kettle gritted his teeth. "Thank you, my lad." he said.
"I quite see. Now get below and find yourself something
to eat and then go you forrard and turn to." Then. lean ;
ing his head over the bulwark, he called down "Jimmy!
The broken man on the raft looked up. "Hullo, Kettle,
that you?"
"Yes, come aboard.
"No thanks. I'm off to the Island. 1 11 start a picnic
there of my own. Good luck, old man."
"If you don't come aboard willingly, I 11 send and have
you fetched. Quit fooling."
"Oh • if you're set on it," said the other tiredly, and
scrambled up the rope. He looked around him with a
drawn face. "To think she should have lost that list, and
righted herself like this. I thought she mignt turn turtle
any minute when we quitted her; and I m not a scax»"
"I know you aren't. Come into the chart house and
have a drop of whisky. There's your missis' photo stuck
up over the bedfoot. How's she?"
"Dead, I hope. It will save her going to the work
house." . _ < .. „
"Oh rats! It's not as bad as that.
"If you'll tell me, why not? I shall lose my ticket over
this job sure, when it comes before the Board of Trade,
and what owner's likely to give me another snip
"Well, Jimmy, you'll have to sail small and live on
your insurance." a . . , ..
"I dropped that years ago, and drew out what there
was. Had to— with eight kids, you know. They take a
lot of feeding."
"Eight kids? By James!"
"Yes eight kids, poor little beggars, and the miss! 3
and me all to go hungry from now onwards. But they
do say workhouses are very comfortable nowadays.
You'll" look in and see us sometimes, won't you. Kettle.
He lifted the glass which had been handed him. "Here s
luck to you, old man. and you deserve it. I bought that
whisky from a chandler in Rio. It's a drop of right, isn t
it?"
"Here, drop it," said Kettle.
"I'm sorry." said Captain Mulready. "But you should
not have had me on board. I should have been better
picnicking by myself on Great Piton yonder. I can't
make a cheerful shipmate for you, old man."
"Brace up," said Kettle. . .
"By the Lord, if I'd only been a day. earlier with that
raft,"" said the other musingly, "I could have taken her
out, as you have done, and brought her home, and I be
lieve the firm would have kept me on. There need have
been no inquiry, only 'delayed.' that's all; no one cares
bo long as a ship turns up some time."
"It wouldn't have made any difference," said Kettle,
frowning. "Some of those lousy Portuguese have been on
board and scoffed all the money."
"What money?"
"Why, what she'd earned. What there was here in
the charthouse drawer."
The disheveled man gave a tired chuckle. "Oh. that s
all right. I put in at Las Palmas and transferred it to
the bank there and sent home the receipt by the B. ana
A. mail boat to Liverpool. No, I'm pleased enough about
the money. But it's this other thing I made a bungle of,
Just being a day too late with that blasted raft."
Kettle heard a sound and sharply turned his head. i( He
saw a grimy man in the doorway. "Mr. McTodd,' he
said, "who the mischief gave you leave to quit your en
gine room? Am I to understand you've been standing
there in that doorway to listen?"
"Her own engineer's come back, so I handed her over
to him and came on deck for a spell. As for listening,
I've heard every word that's been 'said. Captain Mul
ready, you have my very deepest condolences."
"Mr. McTodd." said Kettle, with a sudden blaze of
fury, "I'm captain of this ship, and you're intruding. Get
to Hamlet out of here." He got up and strode furiously
out of the door and McTodd retreated before him.
"Now keep your hands off me." said the engineer,
when he had been driven as far as the end of the flddlev.
"T"m as mad about the thing as yourself, ana I don't mind
blowing off a few rounds of temper. 1 flon't know Cap
tain Mulready, and you do. but I'd hate to see any man
all crumpled up like that if I could help it."
"He could be helped by giving him back his ship. an<l
I'd do it if I was by mysplf. But I've got a Scotch part
ner, and I'm not going to try for the impossible."
"Dinna abuse Scotland." said McTmia. wagging a
grimy forefinger. "It's your am wife and bairns ye're
thinking about."
"I ought to be, Mac. but. God help me. I'm not."
"Varra weel," said McTodd. "then if that's the case,
skipper, just set ye doon here and we'll have a palaver."
"I'll hear what you've got to say." tmJd Kettle, more
civilly, and for the next half-hour the pair of them talked
as earnestly as only poor men can talk when they are de
liberately making up their minds to resign a solid for
tune which is already within their reach. And at the end
of that talk Cnptain Kettle put out his hand and took the
engineer's in a hpavy grip. "Mac." he snid. "you're
Scotch, but you're a gentleman rieht through under your
clothes." .
"I was born to that estate. ?kipper. ami I no more
wanted to see yon puir deevil pulled down to our level
than you do. Better go and give him the news, and I'll
get oi'ir boat in the water again and revictualed."
"No." said Kettle, "I can't stand by and be thanked.
Tou go. I'll see to the boat." ,
"Be hanged if I do." said the engineer. ""Write the
man a letter. You're great on the writing line; I've seen
you at it."
And so. in the tramp's main cabin below, Captain Ket
tle penned this epistle:
"To CartaJn J. R. Mulready:
"Dear Jimmy— Having concluded not to take th.9
trouble to work Duncanßhy Head home, have pleasure in
leaving her to your charge. We havinp other game on.
hand, have now taken French leave, and shall now bear
up for Western Islands. You have no call to say any
thing about our being on board at all. Spin your own
yarn; it will never be contradicted. Yours truly.
"O. KETTLE, Master.
"N. A. McTodd, Chief Engineer.— O. K.
••p. S.— We take along those two Dago's. If you had
them they might talk when you got tTiem home. We
having them, they will not talk. So you've only your own
crowd to keep from talking. Good luck, old tin tacks."
Which letter was sealed and nailed up in a conspicu
ous place before the lifeboat left en route for Grand
Canary.
It was the two Portuguese who felt tnemselves prin
cipally aggrieved men. They had been made to undergo a
great"deal of work and hardship; they had been defraud
ed of much plunder, which they considered was theirs,
for the benefit of an absolute stranger, in whom they took
not the slightest interest; and finally they were induced
"not to talk" by processes which jarred upon them most
unpleasantly.
They did not talk, and In the fullness of time they re
turned to the avocation of shoveling coal on steam ves
sels. But when they sit down to think, neither Antonio
nor his friend (whose name I never learned) regards with
affection those little islands in the Northern sea which
produced Cnptain Owen Kettle and his sometime partner,
Mr. Nell Angus McTodd. Rut at the same time they hay«
a very proper and wholesome awe for the locality and Its
inhabitants.
FLYING DRAGON.
the frog the ability to fly she trans- ,
forms as it were the ordinary locomotive
members. With tho reptiles, however, it
is different, as in the case of the flying
dragon, which has the skin stretched out
on the Bides by means of false ribs like
those on an umbrella.
Among these may be mentioned the fly
ing squirrel of the forests of Asia and
Pxorth America. By means of their thin
double skin parachute. Joined to the fore
and hind legs, giving thorn a broad spread
THE POLATOUCHE.
of surface and a long, light tail for a rud
der, they can not only fly from one tree
to another several hundred feet away,
but can change their course at will.
The "paloutauche" of Siberia, the
"petaurists," with prehensile tails Ilka
mice, are other examples of flying mam
mals.
With all these examples of flying verte
brates the "pontilline Is the only one of
the Invertebrates so far known that can
ny.ONE OF THE GREA TEST OF
PACIFIC COAST MYSTERIES
SECTION OF THE MYSTERIOUS RUINS OF PONAPE-
From a Photograpb TaJken Specially for The Sunday C*IL
Stupendous Ruins of Ponape Which Un
cle Sam Will Find When He Occupies
the Caroline Islands.
IT is probable that before long we
will hear of the occupation of the
Caroline group of islands by Uncle
Sam's ships and men. In fact the
Carolines, whatever the Germans
may say, naturally go with the
Philippines and if the islands are small
they are rich, and possess one feature
of especial interest.
At Ponape, the largest of the group,
is one of the greatest of Pacific mys
teries. These stupendous ruins have
puzzled ethnologists for years. Evi
dently they are the work of a superior
race, a race skilled in architecture, with
enormous resources at its command.
As with the gigantic statues at Easter Q
Island, the ruined temple — if it was a o
temple — at Ponape, indicates that once,_
perhaps thousands of years ago, a high
ly developed people ruled over the Pa
cific, having legions of slaves at its°
command. What was the race? O
How did it' manage to disappear soO
completely? Scientists are still search-o
ing, and none have found an answer. o
The ruins are situated on a small
islet, not far from Metalaneum Har
bor, where there is an American mis-°
sion station. Scattered among the shal-°
low waters of "le coral reef, and about O
a mile from the high volcanic shore, iso
a group of tree covered islets, and o
threading through these, the visitor Q
who makes his way to this outlandish
r spot finds that his boat has reached a
regular d ok. This little harbor is®
about 250 feet square, and the sides are
so evenly cut that F. J. Moss, who in-°
spected the ruins In ISB6, has not the°
slightest doubt that it was formed byO
the hand of man. o
Leading from this water square are o
a number of canals, which once evi
dently formed avenues to the ruins.
The Islet is embanked with massive 0
walls of masonry, and in the center, O
resting in solitary grandeur, is all thato
remains of the great temple. Onceo
these canals must have been filled with Q
worshipers, hurrying along in their
canoes to attend some great mystical
or sacrificial rite. °
To-day there is nothing but the©
primeval bush, the marvelous tropical O
vegetation, by means of which nature, o
for centuries, has been doing her besto
to destroy all trace of man's handi-o
work. The structure, or as much of it Q
as remains, is about twenty feet high
and quadrangular in shape. The long
est side measures 24fi feet, and the°)
front or short side 170 feet. This wall
incloses the outer court, to which ac
cess is gained by a great central en-°
trance fifteen feet wide and a couple of°
narrow tunnels through the side walls. o
Just as in the case of the Jewish tab<--r-o
nacle the worshipers probably gathered q
in the outer court, while the tunnels
connecting with the inner inclcrsure
served as stage entrances for the°
priests who performed the mystic rites. 0
The inner court occupies a very large O
portion of the inclosure, as there iso
only a space of twenty-eight feet be-o
tween the outer and inner walls. They o
are both of the same height, but the
inner walls are only ten feet thick,
while the outer reach eighteen. At the 0
east end of the inner co-urt and fifty o
feet from its entrance is a great raised °
platform, or altar, six feet high and
forty feet square. A raised vault five
feet high and six feet broad is built
in the center of this platform, and
along the outer walls three other vaults
of a similar character are to be found.
If there ever was a roof to this
strange structure it must have been
built of some perishable material and
have long since disappeared. Neither
Is there any trace of a door or window,
so that it seems probable the worship
was conducted In the open. Some peo
ple doubt that the structure was used
for reiiirtous ceremonials, and the
theory has been advanced that it was
constructed by the buccaneers who
once frequented the Carolines and used
by them as a fortress wherein to con
ceal their treasure.
Moss settles this point very effectu
ally when he remarks: "No civilized
people could have wasted time and la
bor in raising such a structure, but
that some powerful savage chief should
have conceived the idea of increasing
his glory and perpetuating his name by
a temple to his gods, and that his peo
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
pie should have eagerly abetted him,
is quite intelligible. Far more inex
plicable are the miles of careful em
bankment round the islets, forming
into veritable canala the ocean stream
lets that meander through them. That
the so-called vaults may have been de
signed for holding sacrifices, human or
otherwise, and the passages through
the walls intended to admit them, is
also a reasonable surmise. One can
easily imagine them as receptacles for
fuel, or in other ways connected with
savage rites, but certainly not as hid
ing places for a buccaneers plunder."
All this difference of opinion mdi
Gladstone, the Man
of the Century
IT is late in the day to speak of Mr. Gladstone, and im
possible, at this hour of the day, to say anything which
has not been said before. Therefore I will confine my
self to a new part of the subject, a part hitherto un
considered — I mean the Mr. Gladstone of the future.
It will be allowed, perhaps, that he is the most command
ing figure of the century; it has been a century of great
men. Bismarck also is undoubtedly a very great man, but
his name is not associated with any of the social and sci
entific steps which have revolutionized the world. That of
Gladstone is. Again, Cavour was a great man, but his
great achievements have not been followed up.
Abraham Lincoln was a great man, but his greatness
was shown in one way only.
The nineteenth century in this country has been marked
"by advances so unexpected, changes so great in every re
lation of life, that the Englishman of this day would hardly
recognize his own grandfather, especially when the latter
began to talk and exposed his ideas and his sentiments.
"We have abolished slavery; we have extended suffrage; we
have taken the little children out of the factory and the pit;
we have abolished flogging in the services; we have made
education compulsory; we have educated girls and opened
colleges for them; we have established a cheap postage; we
have laid down railways; we have made bribery at elec
tions impossible; we have taken off the taxes on news
papers; we have opened the civil service to competitive
examination; we have established county councils, parish
councils, and school boards; we have changed the House
of Commons from an assembly of younger sons into an
assembly of the people without reference to the birth of
the members; and we are still engaged in changing an
aristocratic into a democratic government. The aristocracy
still retains its own privileges; we are not revolutionaries;
but we are getting more "and more democratic.
Now the name of Gladstone belongs more or less to all
these changes.
My reading of the future is that the name of Gladstone
will in the future— say in five hundred years or so — stand
fur the nineteenth century, which will be called Gladstone's
century. Everything v. ill be attributed to Gladstone.
Handbooks of history will write of the wonderful man who
invented the locomotive and the steamboat; the sewing
machine and the bicycle; the typewriter, the telephone, the
telegraph, the phonograph, and the electric motor. This
great man, it will be said, abolished slavery, extended the
suffrage, and all the other things enumerated above. There
cates the necessity for a proper scien
tific exploration of the ruins, and some
of our learned bodies might well send
out a properly equipped party to settle
the problem. Some relics of the dead
race which raised these huge walls
must certainly be found within the in
closure, and perhaps the vexed ques
tion of the origin of the Polynesian
races may be settled.
The ruir.s at Ponape have a charac
ter peculiarly their own: they are built
in a way utterly different from any
other structure known to man. The
stones used are not cut or squared, but
are natural basaltic prisms, fitted one
against the other. Some of these blocks
are of enormous size and weight, and a
great amount of labor must have been
required to transport them from the
volcanic hills of Ponape to the little
islet.
The highest mountain on Ponapo is
2858 feet, and the island itself is only
fourteen miles long and twelve wide.
But the coral reef which extends round
the isle has seven openings and each
of these form excellent harbors. For
this reason the island was greatly fre
quented by the buccaneers when these
gentry flourished in the Pacific, and
hence the theory that they built the
ruins. The present population of Po
nape is but 5000, though the people are
of good Polynesian stock. They are of
large size and strongly built, of nut
brown color, but their civilization is of
the most rudimentary character, and it
would be impossible for them to con
ceive or carry out any extensive ar
chitectural work.
One of the greatest authorities on
Malaysia, A. R. Wallace, also con
siders the buccaneer theory preposter
ous. "There are no basaltic columns
anywhere near the ruins," he points
out, "but there are very fine ones on
the central ridge of the north side of
the islands, at least ten miles distant
over an utterly impracticable country.
They must therefore have been con
veyed down to the coast, and then by
water to this place. The idea that these
buildings could have been formed,
either by the present race of savages
or by Spanish buccaneers, as some have
thought, is preposterous; and they re
main another mystery of the great Pa
cific, hardly inferior to that of Easter
Island, with Ks colossal images. There
are other ruins on the island of a sim
ilar character, as well as mounds a
quarter of a mile long and twelve feet
high. Ruins also exist at Kusai Island,
but those of Ponape are by far the
most remarkable."
In 1875 an Englishman named C. F.
Wood made a yachting cruise in the
Pacific, during the course of which he
visited Ponape, giving us another ac
count of the ruins: "On the bank of a
creek is seen a massive wall built of
basaltic prisms, about 300 feet long and
thirty-five feet high. A gateway open
ing on the creek has a sill about four
feet high made of enormous basaltic
columns laid fiat, on passing which
the traveler finds himself in a large
court inclosed by walls thirty feet high.
Around the whole of this court, built
up against the inside of the outer
walls, is a terrace eight feet in height
and twelve feet in width, also built of
basaltic prisms. The whole of this
court is not visible at once, owing to
the dense vegetation, but by clamber
ing about among trunks and creepers
It is found to be nearly square and to
be divided into three parts by low
walls running north and south. In the
center of each of these courts stands
a closed chamber fourteen feet square,
BY WALTER BESANT.
will be appended to the book a brief life showing how at '
an early age — say four — he was observed to prophesy that i
there were all these things to be done, provided a man i
should arise strong enough to do them; bees, it will be said, (
swarmed in his cradle; he killed vipers at the age of two
months; a comet appeared at his birth; many persons de- '
clared that a great prophet had arisen, and so on, after the
style of popular heroes in every country. Then historical ,
persons will write letters pointing out that, although he <
was undoubtedly the greatest figure of the century, he did (
not really achieve all the things attributed to him. (
I do not say that all this will happen, but it may happen;
it is in this way that we get popular heroes. First a great '
man, then one whose name grows greater Instead of less; i
then one whose history swallows up that of lesser men; (
then one who is credited with having done everything that
was done in his age.
I hope that the biographer of the present will not forget i
the fire and sputtering of a heated time — Gladstone made ,
some of his times very heated, with a great deal of sputter
ing and fizzling. These things ought not to be forgotten,
because the history of a Reformer is the history of a '
tremendous amount of sputtering. It did him no harm i
in his lifetime, and the recollection of it can do him no ,
harm now.
For instance, I remember very well in the year 1868 or
1869, when the disestablishment of the Irish Church was (
under discussion, that I had a call from a man whom I <
had always before that moment considered a sane person. (
He owned himself that he felt "strongly" about the pro- ,
posed act; that is another and a milder way of saying that
on this subject, like a great many honest and otherwise
sane persons, he was a maniac. He came in out of breath, '
heated, stammering. "I have found him out at last," he i
said. By "him" I understood him to mean Gladstone. "I ,
thought I would come to tell you at once. Now there can
be no longer any doubt; even you will not attempt to de- '
fend him any longer. I have long suspected it. Now I
know. My dear sir,-I told you a month ago that Glad
stone was a secret Roman Catholic. I told you that he
had been received. You would not believe it; but he is.
What is more I have now discovered that he is, in addition
to being a common Roman Catholic, a member — a mem
ber, sir — of the Society of Jesus. He is a sworn Jesuit —
that I hear on the very best authority; a Jesuit, sir. He
is sworn to obey the order. He will destroy the Protestant
Bplscopal Church of Ireland first, and our own church next.
Our <nvn church next! Think upon that, sir!"
This is the kind of thing that accompanied every act
and every step that Gladstone ever took.
also built of basaltic columns, and
roofed over with the same, not very
closely laid. The walls at the base. In
cluding the terrace, are twenty feet
thick, and above it eight feet, and some
of the stones, especially those in the
front wall near the gateway, are
twenty-five feet long and eight feet in
circumference."
The scientifically inclined minds
among: the invadinsr army will have
a chance to win renown by solving this
mystery of the Pacific.
CHEAPEST HOTEL IN AMERICA.
API-ACE where you can get a meal
and a night's lodging for 2 cents has
been opened at 34 Division street.
New York. The Bowry has for gen
erations been noted for the induce
ments it holds out in this respect, but it
is doubtful if the bargain offered by the
proprietor of the place in Division street
has ever been equaled.
People with average incomes, who think
they are lucky to get a comfortable sleep
ing place for from $3 to $5 per week, and
who pay $2 a week for breakfasts, will
wonder how the proprietor of a 2-cent
lodging house and restaurant can make
money. It would strike most people that
the mfal must be anything but appetizing
and the sleeping accommodations any
thing but desirable.
Isevertheless, the proprietor Insists he
Is making so much money that he will
soon start a branch establishment.
While the bill of fare and sleeping ac
commodations Ivi the 2-cent house may
not be what are enjoyed by prosperous
clerk 3 and typewriters, the fact that they
f/\y IN THE y\RMy AJMD J^AVY.
GRADE.
After'
6 yean'
service-.
After
20 years'
service.
Yearly.
15 years'
service. i
tenant General
Dr General
;adler General
nel \\ ■•"
[tenant Colonel ....M"I!*I'!"!I!
or '
tain (mounted) .'..'..'...'...'.'.
Lain (not mounted) !.!!!"! """ '
I mental Adjutant !!!!!!!'! "
imental Quartermaster ..." """
t Lieutenant (mounted) !.!!!!!!
t Lieutenant (not mounted) !
md Lieutenant (mounted) ".'.".'.'.".
>nd Lieutenant (not mounted)".!"!'
plain ......... .......V..., .!.!!!!!!!!!!!!'
$11,000
7,500
6.600
8,500
S.OOO
2,500
2.000
1,800
I.SOO
1.800
1.600
1,600
1.800
1,400
1.600
•10%
•10%
•10%
820 is
275 00
229 17
IS3 33
165 00
165 00
165 00
146 67
137 60
137 50
128 33
137 50
•20%
•20%
•20%
850 00
800 00
250 00
200 00
ISO 00
180 00
ISO 00
160 00
160 00
150 00
140 00
.150 00
•Additional.
GRADE— SALARIES. PER MONTH.
Ist
Tear.
2d
Tear.
3d
Tear.
10th
Year.
Ivate
umpoter "
rporal '.'..'.'..'..'.'. '
■st Serjeant .'.'.'..'.'.'.'.'.'.'
$13
14
15
25
tic
15
16
26
WHEN one takes int.. consider
ation the intelligence, the
technical training and the
other deri ands made upon
them by their profession the
officers and men who handle our war-
Bhips are poorly paid as compared with
those who follow similarly exacting du
ties on shore.
An officer's pay varies, not only ac
cording to his rank, but according to
the nature of his duty. His highest pay
is while at sea, his lowest while on
leave or "waiting orders." The follow
ing table gives the officers' pay per an
num:
Rank. Pay.
Rear admirals $4,000 to *6,000
Commodores 3,000 to 5,000
Captains 2.500 to 4,500
Commanders 2.300 to 3.500
Lieutenant commanders 2.000 to 3,000
Lieutenants 1,600 to 2.H00
Lieutenants, Junior grade 1,200 to 2,000
Ensipns '. SOO to 1.400
Naval cadets 600 to 950
Contrary to the general popular opin
are more tha sufficiently satisfactory to
the people fur whose patronage they are
intended is proven every night when the
proprietor is compelled to refuse admit
tance to dozens of people.
It should be remembered that the place
is only a lodging house for unfortunates
out of work, who might be compelled to
sleep in some doorway. There are three
different lines of business at No. 34 Di
vision street, arvd unless the man in
search of the 2-cent lodging house looks
sharp he will possibly overlook the place.
The entrance to the lodging place has
anything but an inviting appearance, but
once past the door you will be surprised
to see how clean and bright everything is.
The walls and ceilings are well white
washed. Two large coal stoves are blaz
ing hot all the time to keep the place
cozy. The cashier's stand is at the door.
When you have paid 2 cents you seat
yourself at one of the long tables covered
with clean white oilcloth. There are no
chairs, but long benches on either side of
the tables. No bill of fare is necessary.
Most patrons of the place are content
with this fare, but if it happens that a
customer has "money to burn" 'and can
find 5 cents instead of 2 he is aJlowedto
sit on a shorter bench in a corner op
posite the cashier's desk, where he can
have not only his lodging but a regular
dinner consisting of soup, roast chicken,
tea, coffee or milk and a piece of pie.
It Is an inexplicable fact that men bur
led in an avalanche of snow hear distinct
ly every word uttered by those who are
seeking for them, while their most stren
uous shouts fail to penetrate even a few
feet of the snow.
ion, naval officers clothe and feed them
selves. They aJso house themselves, ex
cept when on board ship or when
stationed at a navy yard wh~re quar
ters are provided. True, they are al
lowed, while at sea, the munificent sum
of SO cents per diem for their rations.
Furthermo-e the officers of the Amer
ican navy have to pay out of their own
pockets for the entertainment, not only
of their own personal friends, but of
officials, the guests of the nation.
The pay of the enlisted men varies
from $9 per month, received by a third
class apprentice, to $70 per month,
which is the compensation of the chief
machinist. An "ordinary seaman" re
ceives $19, a "seaman" $24 and a "lands
man," who is an unskilled recruit, $16
per month. Men in the artificer class,
such as blacksmiths, electricians,
boiler-makers, etc., get from $35 to $50
per month. All enlisted men, like offi
cers, receive their 30 cents per diem for
rations. Furthermore, there Is an in
crease in pay for each re-enllßtroent. '
PREACH THE GOSPEL
OF VEGETARIANISM.
New Mission, Where the Poor Are Given
Fruits and Cereals Instead of Fish,
Flesh and Fowl.
THE youngest mission in San
Francisco Is but three months
old; is strong and vigorous, and
is worthy of special notice for at
least two reasons. One reason
is that the religious belief of
those who are supporting it and of
those who are resident there, devoting
themselves to caring for their needy
and suffering brothers, differs entirely
in at least one tenet from that of other
Christian denominations. The other
is that while the gospel of Christ and
of the observance of the seventh day,
instead of Sunday, as the Lord's special
day, are both preached and practiced
here, another gospel also is preached
and practiced, and that is the gospel
of vegetarianism.
The hungry who would fain be fed at
the tables of this particular refuge for
the poor must needs ignore the fact
that nature has given them teeth
which prove them to belong to the car
nlvora, and be content to eat only of
vegetables as long as they remain un
der the roof of the "Helping Hand."
And the wonder of it is that this mis
sion, with its meatless meals, is one of
the most popular establishments of its
kind In the city.
I make my way with some little diffi
culty through the center of the room,
down what is intended to be a straight
and narrow way to the chaplain's of
fice. It is narrow enough in all con
science, but at this special time it is
as crooked as the world-famous Congo
River, by reason of disarranged chairs
and the nubby and protrusive knees of
seated men.
In the office a slender, dark-eyed man
welcomes me cordially, although I am
an uninvited and unexpected visitor.
He is the chaplain, he tells me, and I
look at him with genuine interest as I
wait in a comfortable chair for him to
finish adding up a portentous column
of figures which stands between him
and instant attendance on my wishes.
He has not felt it necessary to "dress
his part" at all, it seems, for he has put
no barrier of clerical coat and collar be
tween him and his fellow men. He
wears an ordinary cutaway suit, linen
immaculate, but in cut not at all sug
gestive of his profession, a really
pleasing cravat, and a pointed beard —
all of which, together wit"h a certain
brisk alertness and directness of man
ner, gives him the appearance of an en
terprising business man.
I like him the better that he meets
me on my own ground, which for the
nonce is a purely practical one. I want
to see the rooms and the beds, all the
different departments, and the men who
find shelter here, and as soon as the
figures are settled with he is at my
command. But before we start upon
our round he tells me of the mission, its
work and workers, and those they work
upon.
"'We take in all who come," he says,
"except, late at night, drunkards who
make a disturbance and are hard
to manage. During the day we take
even these in, sober them up with the
shower bath, put them to bed and start
them off straight the next morning.
"For a stranger Who comes in at
night we have one invariable form of
procedure. First we take him down
stairs and give him a good hot bath
with Dlentv of soaD and a clean crash
pround Plan cf Ruins at Ponapft
GROUND PLAN OF THE RUINS OF PONAPE.
towel. He gives up all his clothes to
the attendant, who gives him a check
for them, which is on a string so that
he can tie it around his neck and run
no risk of losing It, or having it stolen
from him during the night. Then he Is
handed a clean night-robe and goes up
stairs to a clean, warm bed, where he
can sleep until 8 o'clock in the morning
if he likes. For all this he pays 5
cents, either In money or work the next
day.
"If he wants breakfast he buys 5
cents' worth of meal checks, five in all,
each of them being accepted for one
dish of food in our restaurant, and Jf
cash is lacking he is charged with the
amount and has to work it out around
the place. A man who is absolutely
penniless we allow to work for board
and bed during "a part of the day and
insist upon his spending the remainder
of his time looking for work elsewhere
while we try our best to find some for
him ourselves.
"We keep no man on these terms for
more than three days unless he is sick.
Those who are able to pay we charge
5 cents for bath and bed and give them
the privilege of washing and drying
their clothes in the laundry without
charge. If they need clothes we sell
them what they want from our stock
of garments which are sent to us from
all over the coast, charging them only
enough to make them feel that they are
buying them instead of receiving them
as gifts. They pay in work or money
as they are able or prefer. We have
a cobbler shop where they can have
their shoes mended, or buy good ones,
on the same terms. Our constant aim
is to arouse a spirit of independence
and industry in all who come here.
And then we go out and proceed to
climb stairs and traverse long pas
sages, and make tours around room af
ter room full of two-story beds, each
with a double locker beside it, where
those who elect to become boarders
here for any length of time, and there
are over forty working men who make
their homes here from choice, may put
their clothes and personal treasures
safely away while they are Bleeping.
I see the laundry with its array of tubs,
the bathroom, the lines full of night
robes in the fiercely hot drying-room,
the hospital with its grewsome sug
gestive long table, its cases of shining
instruments and its shelves full of bot
tles, and I am privileged to speak with,
the medical missionary and his staff of
two trained nurses, who look, as does
he also, capable, efficient and thorough
ly in sympathy with their work.
From cellar to roof I find the un
graceful order, the almost depressing
quiet and the aggressive cleanliness
which is characteristic of well-managed
public institutions that harbor mascu
linity only. No horrors wrought in
wools, or cord, or silk, or ribbon, or
beads, or wax, or tissue pape, appall
the eye; no ravelings, or small snarls
of hair, or vagrant hairpins litter the
well-scrubbed floor. The place is as
coldly bare and unhomelike as a bar
racks, but the men quartered there
seem to feel no lack in the existing ar-
rangements. Some of them, doubtless
— for there are unhappily many of the
discouraged class who have shirked
early incurred marital responsibilities
for the freer life of solitary vagabond
age — have found the home atmosphere
oppressive in the past and actually en
joy existence unhampered by femininity
and resultant bric-a-brac.
Everywhere I find cleanliness and
everywhere, also, I find texts. Not a
wall In the place Is there that is not
blazoned with them in large letters of
brilliantly diversified colors, and pious
Ingenuity has been taxed to ornament
each department with sentences from
Holy Writ especially applicable to the
conditions therein. To the worldly and
critical mind the effect is slightly in
congruous in some instances, as points
have been so strained in the applica
tion of inspired words to practicalities
as to make the result seem rather like
far-fetched religious puns, but the in
tention is good and the inmates of the
mission regard their wall decorations
with revently admiring eyes, and find
them. I am assured, both helpful and
uplifting.
Last of all I visit the restaurant, for
I am hungered and would break my
fast, and the prospect of obtaining a
meal of three courses and two side
dishes by the expenditure of a nickel
appeals to my frugal mind.
First. I must go to the desk in th&
assembly-room and exchange my
money for tickets at a penny each. Be
ing determined to be wildly extrava
gant I invest a dime and invite the
chaplain to be my guest, and we go
out into the street and into a wide, low
room full of tables covered with clean
white oilcloth, at most of which are
seated men or youths with uncovered
heads, quietly and contentedly dispos
ing of the contents of divers bowls and
cups and plates.
There are no waiters, and the bill of
fare Is posted upon the wall at the end
of the high counter which fences off
the kitchen from the dining hall. It i 3
simple, but sufficient evidently to sat
isfy the constantly coming and going
customers, who, after careful study
and deliberate reflection, pass their
tickets across the counter one by one,
receiving in return for each from the
apple-faced, white-capped and aproned
brother In charge either three thick
slices of bread, a bowl of mush, a cup
of sterilized milk, a dish of stewed
fruit, a plate of well-cooked vegetables,
soup, vegetable stew, butter, honey, nut
butter or cereal coffee, as they may de
sire.
No appetizing odor of roast or broil
permeates the air. Fish, flesh and fowl
are absolutely interdicted here, and
though I am myself such an unregener
ated child of nature as to long vainly
at this end of my day's work for the
flesh, pots of Egypt, I eat what is set
before me and find it, though a bit
weak and watery seeming to my vitiat
ed palate, excellent of its kind in every
instance.
While the — to me — peculiar meal Is In
progress my genial companion enlivens
it with argument and illustration, in
stead of bon mot and repartee. I learn
that grains are the ideal food; that
fruit is good In moderation and be
tween meals; that eggs are admissible
but not necessary to one's well being;
that sugar, though served in the res
taurant, is of no value to the system,
and that no acids and very little, if
any, liquid should be taken at meals.
I also learn that fruit and vegetables!
taken together "fight" in the seclusion,
of one's stomach and cause the ignor
ant eater many ills, and I am seriously
assured that any stomach trouble ex
cept ulcer and cancer can be cured by
a three days' diet of perfectly dry food,
water being taken only an hour befor*
or two hours after meals.
All this and more falls upon my re
ceptive and grateful ears as I imbibe
pea soup and chew meditatively upon,
sliced carrots, and I come to the con
clusion that my life has been one great
mistake. I have done those things
which I ought not to have done and
left undone those things which I ought
to have done in regard to my stomach
all my life long, and I am really and,
truly a miserable sinner in that regard.
I agree with my entertainer's theo
ries; I admire his practice and I envy
him his complexion.
On my homeward way I inadver
tently pass the door of my favorite
restaurant. Habit directs my steps to
a certain table, and when my pet
waiter deferentially awaits my order I
answer — to my shame be it told — "Sir
loin, rare. And be quick about it, please,
for I am simply starving."
2526
z
; i THE . I
1 GREATEST VALUES X
i ! EVER OFFERED ANYWHERE ! 1
0 9 Pg 0 P S.S.SJLS.S.S.SLSJLS. JLg_gJLgJLg gOQgOOPOQOO <LQ_ft_g_R_ftjU
1 COLORED DRESS GOODS.
: ,\/|jj'» 71 pieces 37-INCH CHECKED DRESS GoODS, a full line of shades;
" ,&sJl*i* regular price 50c a yard; on special sale at 25c a yard.
: PPrA r ,45 pieces 42-INCH NOVELTY CHEVIOT SUITING, new designs, extra
■'OVfC gjood value for $1 a yard* on special sale at 50c a yard.
: l^l/- 791 pieces SCOTCH CANVAS SUITING, mixed effects; former price 25c
" l^rj*C a,"yard; reduced to 12% c a yard. H . . -' •
; i(J r , 51 Pieces FANCY MIXED ENGLISH TWEED DRESS GOODS, new
I •T'vJl»» mixtures; former price 60c a yard;. on special sale at 45c a yard.
- '"JA/'.a 69 Pieces 41-INCH ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS, summer colorings; fine
_ Avtj value for 50c a yard; on special sale at 20c a yard.
Z 'IC^. 45 pieces 37-INCH PINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH NUNS VEILING, even-
m ..**J** ■ ing shades; regular price 50c a yard; reduced to 25c a yard.
- '4il tflfl 34 P leces 44-INCH NOVELTY SILK AND WOOL FRENCH SUITING;
. .^■•""regular price $1 50 a yard; on special sale at $1 a yard.
: iff- lt 31 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGE; . reduced from
-^,OsJi*N. 750 a yard to 350 a yard. .
- '
f LACE DEPARTMENT.
I *y m r : BLACK AND CREAM CHANTILLY LACE, pure silk, assorted pat-
- *Jv terns, 8 inches wide; regular 35c; sale price 25c.
- t(\ r NORMANDY VALENCIENNES LACE, assorted patterns, 6 inches
; IW* wide; regular 12% c; sale price 10c.
~ £ZtZ~ SILK MULL CHIFFON AND LIBERTY SILK, all shades, 40 to 43
- \JvJL. inches wide; regular 75c and 85c; sale price 65c a yard.
- SOc to BLACK TOSCA DRAPERY NETS, for dress skirts, 45 Inches wide;
- $1 SO sale price 50c, 60c, 75c to $1 50 a yard.
E 'yVZf. LADIES' WHITE EMBROIDERED PURE LINEN HANDKER-
- * J t CHIEFS, assorted patterns; regular 50c; sale price 25c each.
= 'Jflf* LADIES' PURE LINEN INITIAL HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
I *"l CHIEFS; regular 35c; sale price 20c each.
- [flw Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
- V^ 1^ \& • San Francisco. r §
- •
SOCIETY.
SOCIETY divides Its time these ]
bright sunshiny days between the
noble call of the R*d Cross and I
the many charming and delight- ;
ful resorts. Many who are set
tled in the country for the sea- I
son come over for several days weekly ;
to give attention and assistance to the j
noble cause and participate in the many
benefits arranged for the replenishing of I
the ample Red Cross coffers.
During the coming week the Red Cross
will again occupy the kind attention of j
Society's devotees.
They're Engaged.
Last week the members of Buena Vista
Parlor gave a farewell banquet to Past
President Miss Annie Hahn, who is soon
to marry and leave the State for the
home of her future husband. There is a
singular coincidence in connection with
the prospective marriage of Miss Hahn,
who is one of the most popular members
of the parlor. For many years she was
often seen in the company of Will D.
Shea, one of the prominent members of
the Native Sons of the Golden West, and
gossip had it that it was a match. but it
appeara that in this instance gossip was
at fault, for there came from the Last a
gentleman who met Miss Ilahn, became
enamored of her. proposed and was ac
cepted. The name of the gentleman from
the East is Will D. Shea. After the wed
ding the wagging tongue of gossip will
still have the oportunlty to say, "I told
you . he was to marry Will Shea." The
prospective bride at the banquet was
wished all the happiness that a Native
Daughter should have in this world.
Mrs. Lena A, Son announces j the en
gagement of her daughter to Emil
Deutsch. They will be at home to their
friends Sunday, June 20, from 2 to 5 p. m.,
at 1346 Ellis street
The engagement is announced oi Miss
Lizzie. B. •de Lew and S. P. Stephens,
both of Sacramento. Miss de Lew Is a
daughter of the late Dr. de Lew. for
merly rector of the Episcopalian church
in Woodland, and is a very accomplished
young lady. Mr. Stephens holds a prom
inent position in the Southern Pacitlc
shops in Sacramento.
Wenceslao y Loaiza Jr., of the firm of
Loaiza & Co. of this city, who has re
cently been appointed Consul of th**
Argentine Republic, announces his en
gagement to Miss Maria San Vicente,' a
niece of the president of the bank of So
nora, Mexico.
The marriage of Miss Agnes Duhring,
one of Bonoma's wealthiest and most
popular- society young ladies, to C.
'!'. Ryland of San Francisco, will be sol
emnized on Wednesday, June 29, at 11
o'clock. The wedding will be a fam
ily affair, only relatives and a -few
intimate friends being invited. After the
ceremony a reception will be held • rom
1 to 3 o'clock, to which a large number of
friends have been invited. . .
Miss Duhring is the only daughter of
one of the oldest and wealthiest families
of Sonoma Valley. The prospective groom
is a .member of the well-known Ryland
family of San Jose. .; .
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Henry announce the
marriage of their daughter, Emma, to
Floyd Owens for Thursday, June 23, at 8
Sailed AWavj.
Among those sailing on the steamship
Monna Wednesday, June 15, were: For
Honolulu— F. A. Alexander, W. R. Boote.
Louis Francis Brown, C. A. Callahan, J.
T. Campbell. Miss Campbell, Miss Alice
Campbell, J. B. Castle, wife and son,
Thomas A. Caswell, J. H. Ciaiborne, Al
bert Cunha, Clarence Cunha, Mrs. E. S.
Cunh.i. Miss Cunha.. Miss Decoto, J. D.
Dlnklcspiel, Mrs. Eaton, Mlhs S. Eaton,
Miss Evangelino Ellis. George E. Falr
chlld. Mrs. W. M. Giffard, Miss Giffard,
S. Gmelin, W. H. Goetz, A. Goldman, W.
L. Grieve, E. Burton Holmes, Albert
Hongs, M. Hyman, Mlso Jones, Miss
Helen Kimbali, Miss Daisy Kimball, I.
Levinson. L. McFadden. J. L. McLean,
Mies L.. McKibbln, J. M. Miller, M. D.
Monsarratt. Z. K. Myers, M. Phillips and
wife. Miss E. Quimby, R. H. Rhycroft, W.
A. Robertson, J. W. Schoening, Mrs. M.
M. Scott. Miss Scott, Miss M Scott, Miss
Irmgard Schafor. Mrs. 11. M. Shaw, Cap
taln A. L. Soule, O. H. Walker, Alex.
Voting. Miss B. Young. Mrs. N. H. Zeave.
For Auckland— John D. Duthie. For Syd
ney—W. Angus, W. D. Beazley, George H.
Bennett. T. H. BrackenDury, Miss Carey,
J. P. Carolln, R. D. Clark and wife,
Thomas S. Fallows and wife. Miss Fal
lows, H. Flynn, J. M. Joshua, Albert Rad
ke Jr., F. E. Washburn and wife.
In the Future.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Pfeiffer will cele
brate the fiftieth anniversary of their
marriage this Sunday, June 19, at their
residence, 511 Haight street.
The San Francisco Hebrew Social Club
will hold its third annual family excur
sion and picnic at Schuetzen Park, Sun
day. June 26.
There will be a grand celebration of
"old friends" " day at the Chutes on Sat
urday. June 25. The committee having
the affair in charge consists of: George
Simmons, Judge Robert Ferral, Dr. J. G.
Crawford, Walter S. Hinkle, Thomas
Sawyer. Dr. P. F. Lord, John Diemer,
Bert Nason.
Highland Springs.
The latest arrivals at Highland Springs
are: E. Magner and wife, Miss Mabel
Magner, Harrison Hedger, F. W. Skaife,
H. B. Mayo, Fred B. Hart, George W.
Buttner, C. F. BHggs and wife, L. F.
Varill and wife. EL H. Elliott, J. H. Cut
ter, H. L. Cutter, E. C. Auld and wife,
Mrs. S. L. Foster, George A. Rigg, Mrs.
C. Newman, Mis? Florence Burial, G. F.
Enter, W. F. Hopkins, Mrs. \V. W.
Coates, B. F. Shaw. Mrs. B. Short. Miss
Kate C. O'Brk-n, Miss N. E. O'Brien, San
Francisco; Mrs. W. F. Pierce, the Misses
Pierce, Mrs. Deane, Oakland; A. H. Gear, i
William Beckman, Sacramento; R. S. Col- |
lins and wife. Oakland: W. N. Gladdon !
and wife, J. W, Gladden, IJealdsburg; S.
B. Corbaley ami wife, Indianapolis, Ind.;
Mrs. F. C. Prebie, Oakland; J. R. Ware.
Stockton: Miss A. H. Bottle, Boston
Mass.; Ed Porter, Fort Bra.t^g; W. H.
Tredway and wife. Lodl; Mrs. E. S. Sands,
Oakland; Worth Hand, Denver; R. W.
Brower, Alameda; M. P. O'Connor and
Wif< . £;:n Jose; P. Schmidt, Phil Epstein, i
Boston; G. B. Griffith. Los Angeles; Miss!
M. R. Deane, F. Orra and wife, Oakland; i
Rev. F. W. Crook, Cloverdaie.
j-iarbin Springs.
The list of arrivals at Harbin Springs
during the past week includes T. B. Cory
and wife, D. B. Murphy, D. Murphy, Mrs.
Gassmnn. P. Ferroni, K. Strauss and
wife, Mrs. S. Jax-ob, A. Zampstein J
Smith, J. Neitsen, D. Mollnari, H. Kline.
Mrs. \V. Lampley, Miss G. Jamison. Miss
B. Cranson. Miss E. Lobree, Miss D Lo
bree, John Morrisey and wife, J. F. Bra<iy
R. AJlegrini, A. Motti, J. 11. Gunn, Mrs.'
B. J. Schmidt, D. M. Gore and wife, J.
Mearns, Miss Cora Mearns, &uss Ida
ns, B. B. Galland, Sam Sclig, San
Francisco; E. J. Dalton. Pat McGuire
Oakland; L. Christen. F. W. Behrens,
Kapa; C. L. Kelly, New York; J. s.
\Vi>.-rin, Virginia; M. Levy, J. Keasey,
Ivower Lake; C. W. Armstrong. Miss Lena
Armstrong, William Spiers, Colonel J. B.
Grfon, T. Quigley, A. R. Palmer, Calis
toga; A. Lhuillien, William Lampley and
wife. Earl Voluntine, Keith Voluntine,
J. Xeilson. F. Riencke, Sam Farley, G. W.
Kemp, W. Coats, Middleton; Ami An
thouron, France; A. McCracken, Captain
P. Ott, San Francisco; Captain T. N.
Roberts, Sacramfento.
Paraiso Springs.
Among the latest arrivals at Paralso
are John Murphy, Mrs. E. Humphreys,
Miss E. Humphreys, Mrs. L. Sanborn,
Maxlne Vibert and wife, M. Bergerot, E.
H. Mayle, Fords Cox. R. P. Brennan, C.
G. Sawers, Dick Hollings, Willla-m Waack,
Mrs. Currle, Mrs. O. W. Nordwell, Eva
Nordwell, Sam Little, A. B. Spreckels, G.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
FORCED
LIQUIDATION SALE.
. — : ®®®®®®®s®®®^^ — — — — .
Vacation time never found Dry Goods so
cheap as at the great sale we are now holding
BY PEREMPTORY ORDER OF THE TRUSTEES
to raise cash to at once pay off the balance of
our indebtedness, for every article comprised
in our mammoth spring and summer stock has
been MARKED DOWN REGARDLESS OF COST
OR SACRIFICE, thus affording
A BARGAIN OPPORTUNITY THAT HAS NEVER BEEN
AND WILL PROBABLY NEVER AGAIN
BE EQUALED.
HOSIERY.
QA/> 150 dozen CHILDREN'S IMPORTED
*U^TAN COTTON HOSE; fine quality 1-1
ribs; lipht and dark shades; in all
sizes; worth $4 dozen; will be on sale
at 20c pair.
OQlp 100 dozen LADIES' BLACK IM-
OOS^-PORTED LISLE THREAD HOSE, in
plain and Richelieu ribs; double heels
and soles: usual price $6 dozen; will
be sold at 33 l-3c pair.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
IA/> 150 dozen LADIES' WHITE RICH-
IVPI/ ELIEU RIBBED VESTS, silk trim-
med, low neck and sleeveless, all sizes;
worth $2 40 dozen; will be on sale at
10c each.
AtZr* 10 ° dozen LADIES' WHITE MERINO
«"OV* VESTS, high neck and long sleeves
and high neck and short 6leeves; also
drawers to match in all sizes; usual
price 75c each; will be on sale at 45c.
QA r 150 dozen CHILDREN'S JERSEY
RIBBED VESTS, white and pray; also
pantalettes to match; usual price $3 5u
dozen; will be on sale at 20c each.
ffA r 50 dozen CHILDREN'S GRAY JER-
tJ\J\* SEY RIBBED WOOL VESTS; also
drawers to match; usual price 75c;
will be on sale at 50c each.
CORSETS.
In 75 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, gray,
' j6i black and white; by the best manu-
facturers; only in small and large
sizes; will be sold less than half the
usual price.
ga, SEE CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER FOR OTHER BARGAINS.
P. Avers, Miss Eliza Kitchen, Mrs. J.
Morrow, Edith Morrow, San Francisco.
B. Smith and wife, John Nicholl, Maggie
Nicholl. Mrs. M. L. Pendleton, Miss Pen
dleton. K. Peterson, Mrs. R. L. Trask,
Stella S. Trask, Alice M. Trask, F. Fon
taine. Oakland; Eugene Mercier. Berke
ley; Mrs. O. Olson, Medrose; P. Peterson,
Portland, Ore.; B. F. Shepherd Jr., Fres
no; L. B. Archer, San Jose; J. Begue,
Tres Pinos; M. S. Loper, M. J. Soarer, J.
C. Escalla, O. H. Willoughby. P. Morse.
B. R. Tenmin, Watsonvilie; T. J. Field.
Monterey; S. H. Smith, Mrs. S. R. Smith,
Gilroy; William Winterhalter, manager
King Ranch; J. B. Scott, W. E. Norris, G.
W. Roadhouse, Salinas; J. H. Toft and
wife, Soledad; J. P. Clark. Charles An
zelmi. Miss Masengild. Gonzales; H. S.
Deming and wife, maid and babe, Santa
Cruz: Mrs. J. C. Hoppe, E. A. Hoppe,
Claremont.
Laurel Dell.
Among recent arrivals at Laurel Dell
are, from San Francisco, L. F. Vann and
wife, H. H. Elliott, W. Mayo Newhall,
wife, four children and nurse, Mrs. P.
Mcßean, Miss H. Chittonden.C. F. Briggs
and wife, Mrs. T. B. Valentine, T. D. Val
entine, Theodore Gray, Thomas F. Wise
and wife, C. R. Brown, Marie Ryan, L.
X. Ryan, R. P. Ryan, Miss F. K. Blanch
ard. Miss E. G. Gifford. D. J. Staples
and servant, Mrs. K. S. Yemens, Miss
Phoebe Painter, Miss Lizzie Painter, Miss
J. C. Eppinger, J. J. Eppinger, J. H. Da
vies and wife, G. Anspacker, J. W.Wight
man, Miss E. Wightman; Stanford Uni
versity—Max G. Wright, P. B. Anspacker;
Berkeley— N. P. Olsen; Alameda— Miss
Louise Mnprulre; Tkiah— W. G. Jones and
wife, Mrs. T. Mothersole, V. E. Williams
and wife, Alfred V. La Motte; Oakland—
R. S. Collins and wife; Adams Springs—
George B. Easterly; Middletown— Z. O.
McKelley and wife; Lakeport— M. S.
Sayre, George W. Myers, Leonard Cook,
George H. Force, Miss H. A. Force, Ru
fina Alley, A. W. Green, M. D. Green, W.
E. Greene and family, W. E. More and
family, E. Byrnes, Bernice Byrnes. Dr.
T. Gardner, F. Williams; Boston— Miss A.
H. Blanchard.
Bartlett Springs.
The Bartlett Springs arrivals during the
past week Include : San Francisco— Julius
Dentson, A. L.. Boaq, John McCarthy,
Dr. D. M. Coney, Miss F. Schwartz, P. H.
Miller and wife, Robert Ewing, Mary L.
Cutter, Charles H. Carillon and wife,
Miss Minnie Worke, Dick Blum, John A.
Percy, Mr. and Mrs. I. Schwartz, Miss P.
Schwartz, John P. Bernard, James H.
Cutter, C. Burger, J. lleyman, wife and
daughter. Sacramento — Mrs. I. Harris, J.
B. Rodgers, H. G. Casoy, G. A. Gostlck,
J. S. Casey, A. Borkman. Oakland-
Charles Wagner, W. M. Watson and
wife. J. B. Dawner. Williams— F. E.
Kidd, J. F. Abel, J. H. Hannah and wife,
J. E. Rathburn and wife. Mrs. E. Homer,
William Richardson. Mrs. A. Zangrap,
Auburn; Thomas Scale and 'daughter,
Maytield; C. M. Cranford, Upper Lake;
J. E. Wood. Modesto; F. Greenther and
wife, Nevada City; Dan P. Donahoo,
Marysville; N. Woraer, Courtland; F. H.
Parker, Logansport, Ind.; A. W. Case
veil, Colusa; Charlos Green, Upper Lake;
| C. W. Short, Central House; J. L. Stoaks,
j-Colfax; E. F. Gerold, Alameda; W. N.
| Gladden and wife, Healdsburg; Mr. and
Mrs. S. P. Corbaley, Indianapolis, Ind.;
I James McCormack, Redding; Elmont
Brooks and wife. P. Toery, Santa Rosa;
, A. Hall and wife, Perkins; Allen Miller,
i Woodland; Edwin H. Hantnan, Alameda.
Blithesdale.
Among the week's arrivals at Bllthe
dule are Mrs. Avery McCarthy and fam
ily.
Miss Helen Wagner has returned from
the Watson ranch and is visiting her sis
ter.
H. G. Doane and family, Mrs. Cheever
and daughter, are occupying their cot
tage.
C. Beyfus and family, Mrs. Ball, Mr.
Armstrong, John McMullen and family,
are settled for the summer.
Phil A. Williams and family are occupy
ing their cottage.
J. Fay and family of Alameda are in
their cottage for a short time.
A garden party and concert will be giv
en at Blithedale on June 25 for the benefit
of the Mill Valley Episcopal Church. Spe
cial trains will be run from the city and
from Ban Rafael to accommodate the
guests, and it is expected that the fund
necessary to build the new parsonage will
be realized.
PARASOLS.
ACZc. CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in
T"O^ Black; value 75c; will be
closed out at 45c.
CCp CARRIAGE PARASOLS, In
V»t»^ Black; value $1; close out at
65c.
QA P CARRIAGE PARASOLS, In
CJVf^ Black; value Jl 50; will be
closed out at 90c.
1Q COLORED PARASOLS. 22-
~ ■** Inch, all silk, assorted col-
ors; will be closed out at less than
half price.
featheTboas.
QOp REAL OSTRICH FEATH-
%J\J^ ER BOAS; value $1 50; close
out at 90c.
jtQ REAL OSTRICH FEATH-
tP-A ER BOAS; value $2 75; close
i\n out at $2.
All II HEAL OSTRICH FEATH-
fI?Q ER BOAS; value $4; close
«J>O out at $3.
DRESS TpMINGS.
Qlp SILK AND TINSEL GIMP,
2'-i inches wide, assorted col-
ors, value 25c; closed out at 2!&c.
3f, SPANGLED AND BEADED
*" TRIMMING, Ms inch wide;
value 10c; will be closed out at 3c.
5r5 r SILK AND TINSEL GIMP,
*■" assorted colors; will be of-
fered at 6c.
IQIpBLACK MARABOUT TRlM-
lZtrHiixc., all silk. 1 inch wide,
value 25c; will be offered at 12^4c.
EXERCISES FOR
THE COMPLEXION,
THIS department is for the benefit of all beauty-seekers and corre
spondence is cordially invited. If any one wishes to know anything
about cosmetics or hygiene, the banishment of blackheads or red
noses, or anything of a like character, write and it will be answered.
Sign any name that you like, and address all communications to lime.
Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
GIRLS, how many of you walk three
miles a day? Not one. I'll venture
to say, and yet, "Exercise and
Temperance Strengthen the Con
stitution," as my old copy book used to
say. And really you can't be hea.lthy,
and consequently you can't be beautiful
unless you tskt exercise— and plenty of it.
It la the regularity of this, as of every
th.ntf else, that brings the best results.
A stated timt for baths, meals, rest and
exercise.
"Oh, I takf lota of exercise," I heard
a girl say tht other day. "I'm continually
on my feet, doing things about the house,
and I always walk down town." This lat
ter, I will say, in parenthesis, is a dis
tance of five blocks.
Spasms of walking wont do you any
good, nor wili the lackadaisical walking
that some girls indulge in, dragging oi.e
foot after the other as though a hunired
pound weight were attached to each.
Put on your shawls and bonnets, as the
dear old ladies say; go out into the open
air, into God's beautiful sunshine, with
sunshine in your hearts as well. Breathe
in the air in deep inhalations, take long,
vigorous strides, letting the arms swing
at the sides, with perfect freedom. Hold
the body erect, with the shoulders well
thrown back so as to give free expansion
to the lungs. Let the clothing be light
and so adjusted as to give perfect freedom
to every muscle in the body. Be inter
ested in the changing scenes about you,
and don't worry about the things that are
to be done after you get home, and you
will flnd the daily walk a beautifler in
more ways than one.
Now, don't go upon the principle that
you can't get too much of a good thing, i
and go out and walk until you are ready j
to drop from exhaustion, and then come !
home and declare that exercise may be i
very well for some, but that it doesn't
do for you.
Go at it moderately at first. Take a
short walk to begin with, each day in
creasing the distance. But, do this reg
ularly every day, and my word for it, tne
sluggish blood will begin to scamper i
through the veins, the eyes to brighten. I
the skin to clear, and life will seem alto
gether better worth the living.
As every one knows, walking simply de
velops the lower limbs. So, something
more is necessary, and that something
may be supplied by a course of gymnas
tics at home.
Throw all the windows of your room >
open, so as to get a free circulation of air.
and then go through arm, neck and waist'
gymnastics. You can even practice run- i
ning, standing in one spot, without going |
ahead. Fifteen minutes night and morn
ing is not too much time to devote to
these exercises. Aftor you have finished,
sponge off in tepid water and rub vigor
ously with a rough towel. After which,
if you can take the time, it would be well j
to lie down until rested.
A prominent woman physician in Chica
go believes so ardently in the power of
pedestrianism to make and keep people
well that she has tried to start a walking
club there. She insists that running is
the most exhilarating exercise in the
world. Why not get up a walking club
here, girls?
However, take your exercise In what
ever way you can get it. but get it you
must and regularly if you want cheeks |
rivaling the blush rose in hue, and eyes
that outsparkle the stars.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
OPT/- LADIES 1 MUSLIN GOWNS, lined
WOv yoke, finished with tucks and inser-
tion; regular price 50c; will be placed
on sale at 35c. : " •.".■■
QA/> LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, empire
vv v style, yoke finished with insertion; reg-
ular price $1 25; will be placed on Bale
at L'Oc.
<K1 A.f\ LADIES' CAMBRIC GOWNS.
<P«»TVf yoke trimmed with insertion and
embroidery; regular price $2; will
be placed on sale at {1 40.
LADIES^WAISTS.
Qrt r» LADIES' PERCALE AND GINGHAM
*J\J\* SHIRT WAISTS, In fancy stripes and
checks; regular price $1 60; will be
placed on sale at 90c. ■■
Qrtr> LADIES 1 FINE PERCALE SHIRT
WAISTS, in checks and plaids; regu-
lar price $150; will be placed on sale
at SOc.
<£1 QC LADIES 1 FINE PERCALE
<J>I»ZO SHIRT WAISTS, latest style
make; in fancy plaids; regular
price $1 75; will be placed on Bale
at $1 25.
C 7 A A LADIES' HANDSOME BLACK
<(> C • \J\J SILK TAFFETA WAISTS, made
in the latest style; lined through-
out; regular price $8 60; will be
placed on sale at $7.
C*7 A A LADIES' HANDSOME PLAID
tj> 4 #1/1/ SILK TAFFETA WAISTS; front
of waist finished with knife plait-
ing of silk; regular price $8 50;
will be placed on sale at $7. ■
BY MME. HYGEIA.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
FANNY— Eruptions of the skin are a
pretty Bure sign of disordered di
gestion. Some part of the physical
machinery is out of order, and Im
pure blood is the result. Pay strict
attention to the daily tepid sponge
bath and take regular exercise. Avoid all
rich and greasy foods. Apply diluted lis
terine to the troublesome spots three or
four times a day or witch hazel if you
don't happen to have the llsterlne. Eat
plenty of ripe fruit and see to It that your
sleeping room is well ventilated.
A. A. C— Read answer to Fanny. Black
heads, or fleshworms as you call them, are
caused by the deposit of morbid material
in the glands or follicles of the skin. They
do not contain worms, as some people
think, but are simply sebaceous or greasy
matter secreted by the glands themselves,
and turn black from the dirt which settles
upon them. They are very obstinate and
hard to get rid of. The only remedy lies
in constant scrubbings and applications
of cleansing lotions until the blemishes
disappear. Soap is not good for oily skins,
and yet it is almost impossible to get rid
of blackheads without it. Use a soft soap,
which is easily made by melting half a
bar of castile soap in three cupfuls of
hot water, and while warm • adding one
teaspoonful of pure liquid ammonia and
half a teaspoonful of borax. Rub this
well into the pores and then rinse in sev
eral waters. Dry with a soft cloth and
apply a good cold cream. Here is a recipe
for one: Pure white wax % ounce; sper
maceti, IVi ounces; sweet almond oil, I*4
ounces; rosewa.ter, % ounce. Steaming the
face is excellent for blackheads. For
coarse pores always use cold water, as
warm water expands the skin and opens
up its tiny valves. For freckles use sal
ammoniac, powdered, 1 drachm; distilled
water 1 pint, and eau de Cologne 2 fluid
drachms.
JOHN BROWN— Apply witch hazel to
the offending nose and soak the hands
and feet In hot water every night.
A READER— OIive oil taken internally
certainly cannot hurt you and may prove
beneficial. If the trouble witb your liver
is of long standing consult a physician.
I do not prescribe for diseases.
THIRTY YEARS' SUBSCRIBER— See
answer to A. A. C. If that treatment is
not efficacious try this lotion: Half pint
rose water, half pint orange water; add,
drop by drop, stirring, one ounce simple
tincture benzoin, twelve minims tincture
myrrh and a few drops of glycerine.
Never squeeze the blackheads, «is this
only irritates them.
THE V. F. C. C— The best substitute
for soap is a good cold cream, such as I
gave a recipe for in my answer to A. A.
C. Rub this thoroughly into the pores
with the tips of the fingers; let it remain
fifteen or twenty minutes, and then re
move with a soft cloth. This will cleanse
the pores thoroughly, and soap can be
done away with entirely if desired. The
use of soap and water on some skins is
disastrous, but if used it is better to have
the water as near the temperature of the
body as possible.
MARION TYLER— I am sorry, but I
dare not give a formula for the removal
of moles, as the treatment is too severe
to be used by inexperienced hands. A
physician or skilled dermatologist can re
move them successfully, but there will
always remain a white scar.
PEARL— Read reply to John Brown.
Red noses, I know, cause many a heart
pang. Be sure that your clothing is
loose, particularly about the neck. Avoid
high, tight collars.
TRIXY R.— Read answer to A. A. C.
PEARL— For the rough, flaky skin use
I corps :
THAT CAREFUL BUYERS WILL I
I APPRECIATE ! I
jo '■'--?■;-■ ?.■:.-': ■::-r; ■"<':•::- ;■■ -. • ■ ; ■ -' °
I* JULPJLftP. gPPPPPPPPfI.PPQPPPPPPPPQPQPPPPPPP P.&PJUULPJUL/
DOMESTICS.
THIS WEEK WE MEAN TO CLEAR OUT ALL OUR
KLONDIKE BLANKETS.
The common .goods are .sold, out, but we take our fine wool goods, ranging
from 8 to 15 pounds weight, and shall sell them without regard to present
values or coster .
; OT HER ITEMS.
Good grade CHENILLE ' PORTIERES. rich dadoes and Cl 7K p«: r
friezes, handsomely fringed, that were $3, on sale at vJMWvJ I ail
Uhe $4 50 line of choie TAPESTRY PORTIERES, fringed and &*% OE Dj.: r
extra fabric, on sale at vP^.OJ rail
WHITE IRISH POINT LACE CURTAINS, 3% yards long, that C"5 (\(\ \>*\r
were $4 50 pair, on sale at vJJJ.W [Oil
Very desirable WHITE IRISH POINT CURTAINS, that CQ 7R D,;.
were $6, on sale at .• vJJJ./vJ rail
EXTRA GRADE IRISH POINT CURTAINS in White or <tj. C^ft Pair
Ecru, that were $6 25 pair, on sale at.......... \JTT.vJV Tall
HEAVY MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, 84 inches wide, that Q^r Farli
were Jl 25, on sale at LdlH
FINER GRADE WHITE BEDSPREADS, the full size Mar- Cl IE V 9r
seilles, that were $1 75, on sale at •pi-sJsJ Eawll
BLEACHED IRISH LINEN HUCK TOWELS, size 17x33 Cl f\f\ fl-
inches (little cotton in warp), that were $1 35, on sale at.... •|/i»w VVL.
Nice grade HALF-BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, close and 9^l* Yard
fine; very special; on sale at **-*** luiU
Fine quality GLASS TOWELING, edges woven fast, that was T*r Y?ir^
10c, on sale at •2 C iaru
200 dozen EXTRA FINE DINNER NAPKINS, high grade CO TC* l) ft 7
Linen, that were $3 75, on sale at *&** ' ** V{fi "
MEN'S FURNISHINGS
| ")l r 76 doz. MEN'S ALL LINEN HEMMED AND HEMSTITCHED HAND-
*^a^ KERCHIEFS, extra large size; regular value for $3' dozen; will be
closed out at 12% c each.
81 r 132 doz. MEN'S FULL FINISHED COTTON SOCKS, in brown and
3^ tan shades; made with double spliced heels and toes; extra value for
$1 50 dozen; will be closed out at 8 l-3c a pair.
AX\r 70 doz - BOYS 1 PERCALE FAUNTLEROY BLOUSES, the X and E
*T\/l* Brand, finished with ruffled collars, fronts and cuffs; will be closed
out at 40c each. ; ' __T~
ODD GARMENTS.
ALL ODD GARMENTS in Merino, Balbriggan and Wool Undershirts and
Drawers will be closed out at less than manufacturer's cost.
(/(/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
W^ y& San Frenrls,co. i .
the cold cream for which I have given a
recipe In one of the above answers.
M. C. H. S.— See answers to A. A. C. and
Thirty Years Subscriber.
MAY HAMPSON— See answer to John
Brown and A. A. C.
COUNTRY GIRL—See answer to John
Brown, Pearl and Marlon Tyler.
LUCY ALLEN— See answer to Marlon
Tyler.
A FRIEND— See answer to A. A. C.
This paste is excellent for refining the
skin. Three ounces ground barley, one
ounce honey and the white of one egg.
Apply to the face at night, allowing it to
dry on and wash off the next morning.
For the irregular eyebrows I should get
a small brush, and brush them assidu
ously.
MAUD S.— l should say that the red
nose in your case is caused by poor cir
culation or may possibly be owing to a
condition of the nerves. You say you ex
ercise a great deal. Do you do this reg
ularly, and also take plenty of sponge
baths? Try the Usterlne or witch hazel
prescribed for Pearl, and if that doesn't
help you write to me agaiii.
COUNTRY GlRL— Exercise and sponge
baths are necessary, if you desire an un
blemished skin. Read reply to A. A. C.
Apply witch hazel every other night, us
ing cold cream the other nights. For a
yellow skin eat plenty of fruit and use
this wash: One-quarter ounce white rose
leaves, steeped in one-quarter pint each
of fresh lemon juice and brandy. Let
simmer slowly for three hours. Press,
strain an<l decant. Apply at night. For
information about moles, read answer to
Marion Tyler.
S. P. S.— By reading this column care
fully I think you will find all the informa
tion you desire.
E. B. McC— There is nothing under the
sun that will remove superfluous hair
permanently. Even electrlcitv is not al
ways successful, for if the base of the
follicle is not reached by the needle the
hair will sprout again. Depilatory pow
ders are usually worthless, as they are
most of them made of arsenic or caus
tic lime, and merely burn the hair off to
the surface of the skin. If pulled with
tweezers it but scatters the root, as a
rule, and three or four hairs will return
in place of the one removed. I would not
advise you to use any of the advertised
removers.
If you are troubled with bad breath it
is probably due to a disordered stomach,
and I should ad-vise you to remedy that.
See to it that the teeth are scrupulously
clean, and in good condition. This wash
will sweeten the breath: Alcohol 180
grams, cinnamon 12 grams, ginger 2
grams, essence of peppermint 4 grams,
cloves half gram, oil of oranges half
gram. Mix and leave in infusion for two
weeks, in a tightly covered vessel. Filter
and bottle. Put one teaspoonful in a
glass of water and with it rinse the
mouth. For the oily skin try the follow
ing: Dried rose leaves one ounce, white
wine vinegar half pint, rose water half
f)int. Pour the vinegar upon the rose
eaves and let it stand for a week; then
strain and add the rose water, throwing
the rose leaves away. This may be used
either pure by wetting a soft cloth with
it or by putting about a tablespoonful
into a cupful of rain water. If you will
wash your hands and arms in very hot
water, wipe dry and apply a powder made
of equal parts of orris root or boracic
acid and starch, you will be relieved of
the excessive perspiration. I know of
nothing better for brightening the eves
than a clear conscience and happy
thoughts.
CALL READER— See answer to E. B
McC. The pain caused by electrolysis is
very slight. Nervous persons are more
affected by it than others, and I would
not advise those who are hysterical to
undertake it. I cannot give" dermatolo
gists prices, but they are not exorbitant.
ANXIOUS INQUIRER-Use witch ha
zel on the red blotches. Cutting the skin
at the base of the nail is apt to make it
grow tough and hard. It is better to
push it back gently with a soft cloth
Soak the fingers in warm soapsuds first
to soften the cuticle.
The other letters will be answered next
week. MME. HYGEIA.
y\etna Springs.
The list of arrivals at Aetna Springs In
cludes; C. E. Kelly, J. s. Warren, New
York; Mrs. C. W. Smith, Menlo Park;
Miss Helen Morrison, Berkeley; Miss
Charlotte Evans, Miss Mabel Hogg. Mrs.
C. J. Paddock, Asa R. Wells, E. Maertlns
and wife. Dr. F. Tilman, Milton Franklin.
Miss Rose A. Elliott, Frank M. Evans,
Temple Davis, Misa Blanche Davis, Geo.
P. Thomaa and wife, Mrs. Jamea H. Mun
dy, Prescott Sawyer, Frederick Vail
Owen, San Francisco; Mrs. E. L Farn
ham, Mrs. E. C. Famham, Miss E C
Farnham. Miss E. E. Hudson, Mrs F H
Bishop. Miss F. E. Bishop, Oakland; Mrs^
W. E. Miller and son, San Francisco.
, r ADVERTISEMENTS.
$><3><3>"3><3><®-<$ > <S><S><s><3><s><3><S><*,<3><e><£ < $,
t V *
* JSPI^ Husband, I
* y J Child |
* Lover 1
<$> Should never have to look into your T|
<$> . face disfigured by wrinkles, pimples,
<» ■ blotches, moth patches, moles.freckles', *
<S> ; red nose or any other blemish, ;' "^
<S> Why tax his love in this way when I *
<§> can make your face as clear and fresh '*"
4> as it was in childhood ?
% SPECIAL THIS WEEK.: ; «
<S> SIX FREE TREATMENTS ♦
♦ In massaging or bleaching the skin.
<$> A course of treatment that means'
<*> good-by to every facial blemish, leav- "^
<$> ing instead a healthy skin— soft, clear *•
<$> and fine of texture. &
X MRS. HARRISON'S 2
I LOLA MONTEZ CREME, J
The greatest skin food, tissue builder <&
and beautifier the world has ever &
known. Restores permanently the «$
natural color and plumpness of youth. as
Price 75c ajar— enough for S months
♦ MRS. HARRISON'S «•
<» 4-DAY HAIR RESTORER ♦
| Gives to gray or faded hair its natural *
color in 4 days ; no inconvenience •
X" not a dye. $1.00. *
— — 4»
♦ TRIAL POT. " Ladies out -of town , «
AA-'iiT.---- . sending this ad. with <$>
<$> 10 cents in stamps will receive a book $>
<8> of instructions and a box of Skin Food <$>
<j> and Face Powder free. <$■
<£> Lady agents wanted in every town. :
J MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, ♦
I BEAUTY DOCTOR,
.r* 40 and 42 Geary St., San Francisco. ®
'.'..■ -•■ . . - <$*
<^4>^><s><S-<®»<3><s>4><s><s><S><3><3> <£ <$ <£ <^ <£
SCHEFFLER'S HAIR.
COLORINE,
ACKNOWLEDGED THE I BEST PREFAB A
tlon for restoring gray and bleached hair
Instantly and permanently to any natural
shade desired, perfectly harmless lea t hi
£ al s Bo J' and Bloaey. Colors-N6. i. bitck- No
2. dark brown; No. 3. lleht brown- Xo 3 A
££ &£ hairdresser, an^rugffi. $I Who^
SC 9 M ark etg^^ge^
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR*
H^jiSpEHi?. ,f c 'C ma nently removed by tha
idelphla Elcctroly»is Com*
I«S§&riS^& > ♦ onon Building. 1170
IHi^^lHint£L a Hours, J to 4 p. ■, *With the Proper Maps, Plans, Sieges, Data and Photographs of the Biggest Engagements and Host Exciting Events Taken by Our Special War
Correspondent on the Spot.
LIVELY SUMMER CAMPAIGN IN SOCIETY.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 19, 1898.
2728
CONSTITUTION AND GUERRIERE.
NO SUBJECT is attracting wider public attention
than the achievements of the United States navy.
Every movement Is keenly watched, from the
blockading' of Havana to the storming of Matanzas
and the thrilling fight off Manila. Especially time
ly, therefore, is the appearance of Captain Mahan's latest
book, "The Interest of America in Sea Power. Present and
Future." When Mahan speaks of shins the world has
learned to listen. The essays which make up this volume
have already appeared in various periodicals, but they
sa a rare timeliness in view of the fa^-t that America
iving to the world that her thirty-three years of
peaceful life have strengthened, not weakened. Her mighty
ri^ht arm.
In the mere number of ships England and Russia far
surpass us; but ships merely make a fleet; it takes ships,
men and discipline to make a navy. In these essentials
the American navy is unsurpassed. Captain Muhan has
Implicit faith in the American sailor. He believes that
America will take her place among the great naval pow
ers of the earth, and he has dovoted ail his energies to
Impressing the importance of this stand on his fellow
countrymen. He has but one Bfirmon to prearh. however
much he may change the text; Hawaii, the Isthmus, the
Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, all rurnish pegs on
which to hang his discourse.
• • •
He maintains that the United States, nice England 13
to all Intents an Insular power, and dependent therefore
upon a navy. "Popular feeling and the delll)erate judg
ment of statesmen alike have assented that, from con
ditions we neither made nor control, interests bt-vond the
sea exist, have sprung up of themselves which demand
protection. "Beyond the sea'— always m^ans a navy "
*v JM S undl » ul >tedly true, as Captain Mahan points out.
that the control of the seas, especially along the great
lines drawn by national interest or commerce is the chief
B the merely material elements in tne power and
prosperity of the-nations. This is so because the sea is the
world's gfeat channel of circulation. "From this neces
sarily follows the principle that as subsidiary to such
TO] It Is imperative to take possession, when it can be
righteously, of such maritime positions as contribute
to secure command.- While many claim that a policy of
colonisation, of securing outlying province, or dependen
cies, will prove a source of national weakneea Captain
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
A most pleasant affair in this order was
cent celebration by Homo Chapter
No. GO 'if Stockton of the seventeenth an
niversary of its institution. The guest uf
honor was Mrs. Sarah Jennie Mann, a
member of Golden Gate chapter, who, as
worthy grand matron, instituted the
chapter. Past Patron Frank H. Smith
w;u> the toaatmaater, ami the sentiments
that were offered were many and the
responses well timed and pleasing. Among
those who participated in the festivities
In addition to the membership were
Worthy Grand Patron 11. I>. Row.;. Asso
ciate Grand Matron Mrs. Belle Smith,
District Deputy Agnes D. Margans and
representatives of Woodbridge, Lodi and
Other chapters in the vicinity. The deco
rations were very tine and the menu was
the best that could be secured.
On the Saturday following Mrs. Mann
was a guest at the residence of the
worthy matron of the chapter, Dr. Sarah
Jane Davis. On that occasion there were
present a large number of the members
of the chapter, also a large number of
young people. There was a choice pro
gramme of music and literature and a
most • njoyable time was had by all.
The Order of the Eastern Star, in con
junction with the Masonic fraternity, has
established a tent in Camp Merritt oppo
site the quarters of the lowa regiment.
T;,is la to be kept up under the direction
of a committee of which Mrs. Kate J.
\\ lllats Is the president, Mrs. Noaii first
vice-president, Mrs. Corde Wetjen second
■resident, Mrs. George Johnston sec-
I Mrs. C. C Dow treasurer. The
purpose of the committee Is to furnish
stance to the soldiers in the
as it can. In the tent there erected
will ;ilso be found reading and writing
rial, and there will be daily in at
ur ladle a from the local chap
t. re of the 0r.1.-r of the Eastern Star, two
in the forenoon and two in the afternoon
li it appears that a greater force is re
quired it will be furnish.-,!.
A new chapter mas instituted at Mur
pnya Camp, Calaveras County, by -the
grand natron last week
_Ivy Chapter initiated six candidates last
Tuesday and King Solomon initiated one
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The trustees of the Odd Fellows' Home
at Thermallto at their meeting hHd last
week admitted six candidates and ordered
a number of necessary improvements. The
inmates are now supplied with vegetables
raised on the grounds which surround the
home,
The following deputies for San Fran-
Cisco, with the title of district deputy
grand ♦ master,  have been appointed:
District i, E. G. Harrison; 67, W. L. Owen
&i?- E. Barrett, and 105, A. H. Newell
Mrs. Sophie Hutton has been appointed
deputy district president of the Rebekah
Assembly.
The Hall Association has elected the fol
lowing named directors for the ensuing
year: J. \V. Adams, W. H. Blunden, A
H. Cousins. J. H. Daly. C. W. Derby E.
o. Flanders, j. a. Foster, J. S. Godeau,
J. W. Harris. E. C. Hisgen. T. Hock. H.
a. Jones. M. P. Kohlberg. H. H. Lloyd
J. M. Loane. Davis Louderback, J. J. Log
r»e, C. M. Mason, J. F. Pearce M J
Platshek, A. Pauba, C. L. Parent, Charles
Quast. J. B. Reed. William Rotrosky, A
B. Richet, C. Roeber, H. Stern, T. Steiner
Otto Schultz, Charles Stailman. T. Toklas
Robert Thompson, Charles Trautner F.
W. Warren. Joseph Winterburn.
'.'(,• officers who shall serve for the en
sulitK year will be chosen this week. The
association during the year made a num
ber of important improvements in lie
Oud Fellows' building, including the
changing of the elevator into an electric
one and mo laying of a new floor in the
basement.' The reports of the president,
secretary and finance committee show
that during the past year the association
was fairly successful. • • . •
The Rebekabs have secured one of the
city polling booths, which, has been lo
cated at the camp of the Idaho volun
teers, and there all the soldiers of the
camp can obtain writing material and a
smoke.
Loyal Lodge at its last held meeting in
itiated two candidates, the team being
attired in the white robes worn on the
occasion of the exemplification of the
work before the State assembly. There
■were present a large numoer of the
United States volunteers who are mem
bers of Rebekah lodges. .
Mission Rebekah Lodge will give an en
tertainment and dance in Excelsior Hall
on Saturday next.
Last Friday ,' night Ophjr Lodge cele
bated its twenty-eighth, anniversary by
giving an entertainment and dance to its
friends in Memorial Hall, I. O. O. F.
building. Dr. G. vv . Leek presided and
under his direction there was offered < a
fine programme of music, song and recita
tion and fancy dancing, after M. T. Head
had delivered an address appropriate to
the occasion. Those who participated were
Mrs. Fannie Igo. C. M. Emmerson. Miss
D. Ford, J. Regensberger, Miss Daisy
Grogan, Professor Graeber and his man
dolin and guitar, club, Miss - Wo}fsjburK»j
Mahan claims that such a course of action will give us
proper place among the great military powers of the world
and will tend to increase the world's sum of happiness.
Other nations will remove their hats when in our pres
ence.
• • •
Never before have the relations between England and
the United States been so close. "The two nations whose
interests have come now into contact — Great Britain and
the United States— are so alike in inherited traditions,
habits of thought, and views of right, that injury to the
one need not be anticipated from the- predominance of the
other in a quarter where its interests also predominate.
Despite the heterogeneous character of tne immigration
which the past few years have been pouring into our
country, our political tradition and racial characteristics
still continue English— Mr. Douglas Campbell would say
Dutch, but even so the stock is the same.
"Though thus somewhat gorged with food not wholly
to its taste, our political digestion has contrived so far
to master the Incongruous mass of materials it has been
unable to reject; and if assimilation has been at times im
perfect, our political constitution and spirit remain En
glish in essential features. Imbued with like ideas of lib
erty, of law, of right, certainly not less progressive than
our kin beyond sea, we are. In the safeguards deliberately
placed around our fundamental law, even more conserva
tive.
"That which we received of the true spirit of freedom
we have kept— liberty and law— not the ono nor the other,
but both. In that spirit we not only have occupied our or
iginal inheritance, but also, step by Rep, as Rome Incor
porated the other nations of the peninsula, we have added
to it, spreading and perpetuating everywhere the 6ame
foundation principles of free and good government which,
to her honor be it said. Great Britain also has maintained
throughout iher course. And now, arrested on the south
by the rights of a race entirely alien to us, and on the
north by a body of States of like traditions to our own.
whose freedom to choose their own affiliations we properly
respect, we have come to the sea,
"In our infancy we bordered upon the Atlantic only;
our youth carried our boundary to the Gulf of Mexico; to
day maturity sees us upon the Pacific. Have we no right
or no call to proceed farther in any direction?
"This is the question that long has been looming upon
Goldsach and Miss A. Baker. After the
programme there was a dance.
THE NATIVE SONS.
All of the parlors have a number of
their members in the volunteer service
of the United States. National Parlor is
the banner one, fourteen of its members
have enlisted.
Stockton Parlor, of which Grand Trus
tee McNoble Is a member, at Its last held
meeting entertained its friends with an
illustrated lecture In New Pioneer Hall.
There were views of many of the most
important places in the State. Stockton
Parlor, the richest In the jurisdiction, is j
negotiating for the purchase of property
on which to build a structure similar to i
that of the Native Sons' building in this
city, but on a smaller scale. As the
Native Daughters will m^et in that city
next year, the Sons, will hasten the struc- I
ture so as to have a hall for their re- \
ception that will excel any in the State j
outside of the metropolis.
Grand President Conley was In the city ;
lnst week and transacted a great deal of I
business for the order. In conjunction !
with Grand Secretary Lunstedt he sent
out the commissions to the numerous
deputy grand presidents.
Grand Marshal Dr. W. A. Ganton writes
from San Jose that the committee on I
Admission Day celebration is working
bard to have the celebration In the Gar- j
den City on a grand scale.
The following names of visitors to the '
ofliee of the grand secretary appear on !
the register: Thomas Flint, P. G. P.; Gus \
Weiss, secretary of Mt. Diablo Parlor; !
T. T. Crittenden, P. P. of Los Osos; W. I
R. Milton, D. D. G. P. for Marin County;
Prank L. Coombs of Sacramento, grand j
orator; Judge H. R. McNoble, G. T. ; A.'
W. North, G. T. ; A. R. Nathan of Sacra
mento; G. L. Smith of Mt. Rally Parlor; i
M. R. de la Torre. D. D. G. P. of San |
Luis Oblspo County; Dr. A. E. Byron of
Athens Parlor; C. A. Carroll, president of
Calistoga Parlor.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
La Estrella Parlor has elected the fol
lowing named as officers for the ensuing
term: A. Aigeltinger, P.; Miss Carrie
Fenstermachor. Mrs. L. Oltmann and
Miss J. Vasselin. V. P.; Miss Alice Maun
der. R. S.; Miss 8. Asmus. F. 8.; Mrs. F.
Thierbach. T.; Miss Edith Maunder. M. ;
Mrs. A. Darneal. Mrs. E. Guenther, and
Miss L. White, trustees; Dr. L. Bolde
mann and Dr. N. Selling, physicians; Misa
M. Kanley, O.; Mrs. J. Selverd. I. W.;
Mrs. A. Nichol. O. \V. Miss Helen Kruse
will be the past president.
Fremont Parlor has elected the follow
ing named officers for the ensuing term:
Mrs. F. liart'.n. P.; Mrs. R. Versalovich,
Miss H. Collier and Mins A. Kerr, V. P.;
Mrs. M. Sanderson, R. S.; Mrs. I. Rick
ard, F. S.; Mr«. D. Campbell, T.; Mrs. D.
Glavinovich, M.; Miss T. King. Miss H.
j Collins, Miss A. Goodwin, trustees; Mrs.
! C. Hitchlngs. organist; M. E. Falck. phy
sician. Mrs. Mamie Daniels becomes the
past president. This parlor Is looking
anxiously to the return of Mrs. Barton
and Mrs. Daniel? for a report of the work
of the Grand Parlor.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Golden Gate Council at Its meeting last
Tuesday night elected Ernest C. Crandell,
F. E. Berier and Carlos F. Derna to be
come members of the council, and then
j initiated Rev. J. B. Orr. F. W. Hosmer
i and M. C. Saxe as members, the three
I degrees being confered in an impressive
manner by the officers. The council ac
cepted the invitation of the Bunker Hill
Association to take part in the celebra
tion of Bunker Hill day, to be held in Los
Gatos. The council also accepted the In
; vitation of the San Francisco cabinet to
| be present with California Council on the
i occasion of the official visit next Tuesday
, night.
California Council has arranged a fine
programme with which to entertain the
;, members of the San Francisco Cabinet on
. the occasion of its official visit on the
evening of the 21st inst. An invitation has
been extended to all members of the
union who are in the ranks of the %'olun
teers at Camp Merritt and at the Presidio
to attend the session, and a line time is
assured them. Fpr their entertainment
there will be a good programme and a
first-class collation will be served them.
AMERICAN GUILD.
The last meeting of the month of San
Francisco Chapter No. 328 will be held in
Balboa Hall of the Native Sons' building
on next Wednesday night, and It is ex
pected that there will be a large attend
ance, for the chapter is arranging to
make the meeting a very pleasant one.
Sometime in August the chapter will give
a high jinks that will eclipse all previous
efforts in that line. At the meeting there
will be brought up for discussion the
proposition to arrange for an outing some
time in the early part of next month.
Among the candidates to be initiated are
W. S. de Corsey, George C. Bornemann
and Frank E. Allen. The increase for
June bids fair to double the new member
ship for May.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
• * •
arrangements for the proper observance
of the anniversary of the founding of the
order. There will be. service by Rev. Dr.
Locke at the Centra! M. E. Church and
the members of the- local courts will as
semble at a quarter to 7 o'clock to march
to the church in a body, from Washington
Hall on Eddy street.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Zenith has elected the following
as officers for the ensuing term: John
Mannix, C. R.; Robert Taylor. S. C. R.;
R. A. Lynch, R. S.; C. R. Hunt, S. W.;
P. J. Ramsdell, J. W\; A. Courtney, S. 8.,
and F. A. Henning, J. B.
Court Justice on last Monday had work
in the initiatory degree and then elected
the following named to serve for the en
suing term: H. J. Schole, C. R.; H. Leo
pold, S. C. R.; Thomas Sewell. R. 8.; C.
Wehr Jr.. S. \\\; F. Wehr, J. W.; A.
Valante, 8. 8., and T. A. Jones, J. B.
This court proposes to change its meet
ing night from Monday to Friday.
The following named have been elected
to serve Court San Francfcco for the en
suing term: George Beha*. P. C. R. : S.
Sternberg, C. R • C. Mannee, 8. C. R. ;
J. L. Gootz, R. S. ; J. C. Brlon, S. W.
M. Harbland, J. W.; Ben Levy, S. B.; W.
H. Smith, J. B.; Dr. C W. Card, trus
tee.
High Chief Ranger Samuels has ap
pointed up to date the following deputies
for Ean Francisco:
For Court Robin Hood, Herman Kohn: Au
rora, Inador Beban; Golden Gate, F. W. Sev
erance; San Francisco, John Gardener; Bay
City, M. Levy; Eucllan, J. Sparrowe; Eclipse,
J. M. Saundenj; Hubertus, A. Fuhrmann;
Justice, T. L. Holden; Inter Nos. Sol Peteer;
Gulden West, J. Caiman; Zenith, E. W.
Haußhcy; Defiance. E. S. Harding; Stanford,
J. 13. Fleming; Magnolia, J. G. Chase Jr.; El
Dorado, Philip philips; Wf-stern Addition, M.
J. Masrulre; Golden Eagle. Charles Greenlaw;
Golden Era, L. X. Boukofsky; Washington. G.
W. Bayreuther; Mayflower, J. S. N'yland;
Yerba Buena, M. E. Llcht; Bontta, J. E.
O'Brien; Seal Rook. H. L. Simon; Acme, J. L.
McCormick; Palo Alto, D. Cohan; Columbia,
William Reid; Hayes V alloy. Thomas F.
Moran; Farallnne, H. Nathan; Barbarossa,
Otto Guy: Richmond, J. Kalman; Independ
ence, S. Shaben; Ferruclo, F. Marlnl, and
Sutro Heights, P. J. Gray.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Steps have been taken for the organi
zation of a new circle in Redwood City,
and the prospects are that it will be a
live, active one.
Last Thursday night Bonita Circle had
a pleasant meeting, and at its close a
member of Inter Nos Circle presented to
the junior past chief companion, Mrs. K.
McCaffrey, on behalf of Bonita, a past
chief's certificate and a past chief's
badge as a token of its appreciation of
her services while in the chair. The cir
cle then tendered a reception to Ira W.
Coburn, its recording secretary', on ac
count of his elevation to the highest of
tlce in the order, that of grand chief com
panion.
At the meeting of Live Oak Circle last
Wednesday night Herman Kohn, the dep
uty who for a number of years has
occupied the office of circle deputy
and has been most attentive in the
interest of the circle, was by the circle
presented a very line combination watch
charm of gold and enamel. It is a past
chief companion's and past chief ranger's
badge, artistically blended. It was a well
deserved tribute to a painstuking and
conscientious officer.
Palo Alto Circle on last Wednesday
had an enthusiastic meeting, there being
more than forty members present. The
occasion was made one of congratulation
to Mrs. Flora Jacobs, the organizer of the
circle, on her elevation to the position of
grand sub-chief companion. During the
evening there were three initiations, and
addresses were made by Deputy M. E.
Harris, Deputy Mrs. Bertha Ross, Dep
uty E. J. Chamberlain, Deputy M. E.
Licht and the grand sub-chief com
panion.
A new circle Is being organized by
Grand Chief Companion Coburn, with 53
charter members.
The following are the deputies that
have been up to date named by Grand
Chief Companion Coburn:
Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, for Excelsior, Inter Nob
and Presidio Circles: Miss A. D. Bremer, for
Oakland Circle; Thomas F. Blake, for Diana
Circle; Mrs. Bertha Ross, for Golden Gate
Circle; Mrs. H. Worms, for Loreley Circle;
Herman Kohn, for Live Oak Circle; Miss A.
M. Crowley, for Hamlet Circle; Mrs. Flora
Jacobs, for Golden Era Circle; Mrs. M. Con
nell, for Bonlta Circle; Mr 3. L. Kirtchner, for
Pride of -Columbia Circle; Mrs. M. A. Coleman,
for Ocean View Circle; E. J. Chamberlain, for
Phoenix Circle; Mips J. Aust, for San Diego
Circle; M. E. Licht, for Loyal Circle; Mrs. C.
P. Mugler, for Chrysanthemum Circle; Joseph
Silvia, for Sotoyome Circle; Dr. Q. F. Pache,
for Manzanlta Circle; M. E. Harris, for Palo
Alto Circle; C. E. Stelnegnl, for Pride of
Butte Circle, and Mrs. W. B. Ward, for Wash
ington Lafayette Circle.
Grand Keeper of Records and Seal H.
Schaffner Is distributing to visiting
knights a directory arranged in conve
nient form of all the lodges in this city^
together with time and place of meeting*
Geyser Lodge of Cloverdale is being rB
Juvenated by T. B. Wilson, P. C. An efw
fort will bo made to revive Bear Flag
Lodge, formerly of Sonoma, and the
prospects of success are good.
Laurel Lodge celebrated Its twenty
ninth anniversary on Monday evening,
June 6, by tendering a reception to the
soldier knights among the troops now en
camped at Camp Merritt.
Golden City Lodge will celebrate lte
seventeenth anniversary by a eocjal and
THE BOOK
OF
THE WEEK.
THE INTEREST OF AMERICA
IN SEA POWER."
By Captalr) (\. T, Mahar), U. S. N.
the brow of a future now rapidly passing into the present.
Of it the Hawaiian incident is a part— but in its relations
to the whole so vital that, as has been said before, a
wrong decision does not stand by itself, but involves, not
only in principle but in fact, recession along the whole
line."
The close of this war with Spain will undoubtedly
leave us in possession of the Philippines and of Porto
Rico, with the Spaniards driven from Cuba. Here, then,
is our chance to embark upon the policy championed by
Captain Mahan. But would such a course not Involve im
mense outlay for ships and guns with which to defend
our new possessions? "Preparedness for naval war con
sists not so much In the building of ships and guns as it
does In the possession of trained men in adequate num
bers, fit to go abroad at once and use the material, the
provision of which is merely one of the preparations for
war." A formidable fleet would undoubtedly be a strong
argument for peace. "Durable naval power besides de
pends ultimately upon extensive commercial relations,
consequently, and especially in an insular State, it is rare
ly aggressive in the military sense. Its instincts are nat
urally for peace because it has so much to protect at stake
outside its shores."
• • •
"Ease unbroken, trade uninterrupted, hardphip done
away, all roughness removed from life— these are our
modern gods; but can they deliver us, should we succeed
In setting them up for worship? Fortunately, as yet we
cannot do so. We may, if we will, shut our eyes "to the
vast outside masses of aliens to our civilization, now pow
erless because we still, with a higher material develop
ment, retain the masculine combative virtues which are
their chief possession; but, even if we disregard them, the
ground already shakos beneath our feet with physical
menace of destruction from within, against which the only
security is in constant readiness to contenO.
"In the rivalries of nations, in the accentuation of dif
ferences, in the Conflict of ambitions, lies the preservation
of the martial spirit, which alone ip capable of coping
finally with the destructive forces that from outside and
from within threaten to submerge all the centuries have
gained.
"It Is not then merely, nor even chiefly, a pledge of
universal peace that may be seen in the United States be
coming a naval power of serious import, with clearly de
fined external ambitions dictated by the necessities of her
lnteroceanic position; not yet in the cordial co-operation,
as of kindred peoples, that the future may have In store
for her and Great Britain. Not in universal harmony, nor
In fond dreams of unbroken peace, rest now the best hopes
of the world, as involved In the fate of European civiliza
tion.
"Rather In the competition of interests .in that reviv
ing sense of nationality, which Is the true antidote to what
is had In socialism. In the jealous determination of each
people to provide first for Its own, of whicn the tide of
protection rising throughout the world, whether economic
ally an error or not. is so marked a symptom— ln these
jnrring sounds whi<-h betoken that there is no immediate
danger of the leading peoples turning their swords into
plowshares— are to be heard the assurance tnat decay has
not yet touched the majestic fibre erected by so many
centuries of courageous battling.
• * »
"In this same pregnant strife the United States doubt
less will be led. by undeniable interests and aroused na
tional sympathies, to play a part, to cast aside the policy
of isolation which befitted her infancy, and to recognize
day, June 24. A remarkably fine pro
gramme is being prepared.
Golden Gate Company is being- rapidly
recruited to the maximum strength and
prepared for active service, in view of
tlie tender of a regiment made by the
Grand Lodge to the president.
A temple of Rathbone Sisters was in
stituted at Healdsbnrg on Tuesday, June
7, by Mrs. M. A. Fitzgerald, grand chief,
assisted by the members of Carita Tem
ple of Santa Rosa. Sixty-five charter
members, including twenty-eight knights,
is the membership.
Syracuse Lodge will publielv install its
officers on the evening of the i3th of July.
After the ceremony there will be a dance
and the music will be furnished by an or
chestra of six.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Last Wednesday the several district
conventions elected delegates to the Head
Camp, which Is to meet In this city in
August. The delegates from district No.
9, which embraces San Francisco, San
Mateo. Marln, Sonoma and Mendocino
counties, are R. Fahy, George J. Strong,
J. L. Geury Jr. and H. C. Smith. At tho
several district meetings much of gener
al importance to the order was disposed
of, and definite action was taken In the
matter of creating a reserve fund of some
kind. The Pacific jurisdiction has a mem
bership of 35,000 and the entire order num
bers 150,000.
General Organizer Rogers has returned
from his southern trip. He reports flat
tering gains in the southern portion of the
State and at one camp during his visit
thirty-live applications were received. He
will remain in this portion of the Jurisdic
tion until aftf-r the convention.
Special Organizer McGuffln has brought
a new camp Into existence at Biggs, and
Deputy Jennings has organized one at
Fortuna. One is in process of organiza
tion at Baktrsrield.
Western Addition Camp will tender a
reception to Its friends and the ladles In
particular in the Aleasar building on
Tuesday evening next
Last Monday Oakland Camp entertained
about 12u \\ oodmen who are in the volun
teer service.
B'NE BRITH.
The members of Ruth Lodge, auxiliary
to the B. 8., will on the evening of the
22d inst. give a grand entertainment In
the large hail of the B. B. building in aid
of the Red Cross Society. In view of the
charitable and patriotic work in which the
ladies are engaged, the B. B. Hall Asso
ciation has donated the rent of the hall,
which amounts to $35.
The general -committee and a number of
present and past grand officers paid a
visit last w^ek to Modin Lodge, and were
well received with the reports presented,
and after the business of the evening they
were well entertained. On the 23d inst.
the same officials will visit Pacific Lodge.
The death rate In the order has been
unusually large since last January.
Reports from all parts of the district
show that the work of Initiation of mem
bers is going on at almost every meeting.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
The following named officers of Britan- j
nla Lodge No. 7 of the Daughters of St.
George were installed June 2, Mrs. E.
Witts, W. G. D. D., assisted by Mrs. G.
Muhlner, acting as W. C, the ceremony
being carried on with a great deal of
Impressiveness: Mrs. Eliza J. Williams,
worthy president; Mrs. Julia B. Staples,
worthy vice-president; Mrs. Helen Wil
liams, worthy financial secretary; Mrs.
E. Harrison, worthy chaplain: Mrs. R.
Hewitt, worthy treasurer; Mrs. R. Mead
ows, worthy recording secretary; Mrs.
S. E. Johnson, worthy first conductor;
Mrs. A. Brierley, worthy second conduc
tor; Mrs. F. Whittam, worthy Inside
guard; Mrs. M. Jewltt, worthy outside
guard; Mrs. E. Poulln, worthy past
president.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
On the evening of May 28 High Chief
Ranger Boehm paid an official visit to
Court Occidental., where he was greeted
by a large attendanoe, and after the busi
ness of the visit was over he was enter
tained with addresses, music and song,
and In return he gave an Interesting ad
dress. The following night he visited
Court Alcatraz when several candidates
were initiated. On the night of the Ist
inst. he vtaited Court Sherwood Forest,
and an examination Into its affairs
showed that it is doing well and Increas
ing in membership. On the evening of
the 2d he visited Court Todos Santos at
Concord, where he was also met with a
good attendance. As a result of that
visit the court decided to organize a cir
cle of the Companions of the Forest. On
the 4th Inst. the high chief ranger, who
has been quite busy since his induction
Into office, visited Court Castle Rock at
Redding.
Court Twin Peaks has elected the fol
lowing named as officers for the current
term: E. McDonough, C. R.; D. McL.
Swan, S. C. R.; S. Smith. F. S.; W. T.
Plevin, R. S.; W. T. Hammond. T.; W.
B. Carpenter, S. W.; J. H. Ernest, J. W.;
P. J. Meehan, 8. B.; L. Fletcher, J. B. ;
J. 11. Soper, physician. P. Koppen was
recommended for deputy for the court.
The court has arrnnged for a corncob
smoker on the night of installation. At
the next meeting there will be two candi
dates for Initiation.
Court Lincoln was visited on the 9th
that, whereas once to avoid European entanglement was
essential to the development 01" her individuality, now to
take her share of the travail of Europe is but to assume
an inevitable task, an appointed lot, in the work of up
holding the common interests of civilization. Our Pacific
slope, and the Pacific colonieß of Great Ijritain, with an
instinctive shudder, have felt the threat which able Euro
peans have seen in the teeming multitudes of Centra! and
Northern Asia; while their overflow into the Pacific isl
ands show that not westward by land, but also eastward
by sea, the flood may sweep.
"I am not careful, however, to search Into the details
of a great movement, which, indeed, may never came, but
whose possibility, in existing conditions, looms large upon
the horizon of the future, and against which the only bar
rier will be the warlike spirit of the representatives of civ
ilization. Whate'er betide, aea power will play in those
days the leading part which it has in all history, and the
United States, by her geographical position, must be one
of the frontiers from wnich, as from a base of operations,
the sea power of the civilized world will energize."
We may not agree with all of Captain Mahan's con
clusions, but it Is impossible to deny that he urges his plea
for a great naval force flying the Stars and Stripea with
moderation and cogency. No more intelligent or better
equipped writer has ever dealt with tho subject of marl
time power.— New York Evening Post.
BOOKS RECEIVED.
WILLIAM EWART GLADSTONE
AS MAN AND STATESMAN.
This book Is the latest work from the pen of the Hon.
James Bryce and surely no one is more competent for the
task. Mr. Bryce has been a close friend of Mr. Gladstone
for many years and has been in the best possible position
to observe the Inner nature of England's "Grand Old
Man."
the same night Permanent Secretary |
Falconer visited Court Tomales.
Court Friar Tuck recently initiated
twenty-three applicants and received fif
teen petitions for admission into the court.
The high chief ranger announces the
following visitations: June 21. to Benicia;
22, to Suisun; July 1. to Sausalito; 7th, to
San Jose; 11th, to San Jose; 14th. to To
males.
Last Thursday Court Bournemouth was
visited by the high chief ranger.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Last Thursday night Washington Circle
after initiating one candidate elected the
following oflicere for the ensuing term:
J. Falconer, C. C. (re-elected); Mrs. Kus
sell, S. C. C; Mrs. Asher, T.; Mrs. Gass
man, F. S. ; Mrs. Scheren, R. S. ; Miss
Berry, R. G.; Mrs. Carcass, L. G. ; Mrs.
Harris. I. G.; Mrs. Michaels, O. G.; Miss
Daisy Falconer, organist ; Dr. Damkroeger,
physician. Miss A. Hudson will be the
deputy of the circle. At the next meeting
there will be three candidates to initiate
The supreme grand officers will visit
Loyal Circle next Monday night.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Anchor Lodge Is arranging to continue
the work of continuous initiation that it
has been doing of late.
After an initiation in Yerba Buena
Lodge last week the feature was "Jones'
Telephone," a comic specialty, by Edward
Hartuck. This lodge will show a large
increase this term.
Liberty Lodge has settled In Its new
hall and is preparing for active work.
Last Thursday Leland Stanford Lodge
was entertained with songs by M .L.
Crowe, D. G. D., and others, and ad
dresses by the grand dictator and the
grand vice dictator.
Center Lodge has six applications and
will hold a special session next Wednes
day to clear up initiations. After this
term the lodge will meet on Mondays.
Captain C. L. Hooper of the revenue
cutter service, a member of Golden Star
Lodge, has been ordered to report to Ad
miral Dewey.
The several lodges are distributing tick
ets for the silver annlverearv to be held in
Odd Fellows' Hall on the 30th inst.
THE JUNIORS.
Through the untiring efforts of H. L.
Zimmerman, P. C, of California Com
mandery No. 1, Uniform Rank, renewed
Interest in the work of this branch of the
Junior Order of United American Mechan
ics has been aroused. Within the past
week the eommandery has received six
applications and four more are promised.
California Council No. 1 of the Daugh
ters of Liberty has arranged for a picnic
to be given In the near future.
DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY.
California Council No. 1 of the Daugh
ters of Liberty Friday night gave an apron
and necktie party In Laurel Hall, Shiels
building.
Martha Washington Council gave a
most enjoyable social last week In
Laurel Hall of the Shiels building.
The patriotism of the membership was
manifested In the lavish decoration of the
hall with the stars and stripes. There
was an excellent programme, which in
cluded instrumental selections by the
Foresters' band, ballad by Miss Sond
berg, cornet solo by Mr. Wyells, song by
Miss Place, recitation by Miss Maggie
Deemer, vocal solo by Miss Florence
Voight, banjo solo by Fred Moll and pa
triotic solo by Baby Mearns. There was
a Japanese booth In which tea was served
by the Misses Tanzi and Fulton in cos
tume. After the programme there was
a dance, and all was merry until time for
the last car. Mrs. Sterlin was the chair
woman of the evening and Mrs. C. F.
Strong the chairwoman of the reception
committee.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Pioneer Lodge will give another of its
enjoyable parties on the evening of the
28th inst. in St. George's Hall. This
lodge has been doing well of late, and
is in receipt of many applications.
Richmond Lodge is now occupying its
new hall at the corner of Fourth avenue
and Clement street.
Pioneer Lodge has elected the follow
ing officers for the ensuing term: Past
president. Mrs. Reed; president, Mrs. E.
A. Jeffery; vice-president, Mrs. Annie
Home; chaplain, Miss Mamie Dugan,
financial secretary, Mrs. E. M. McLane;
recording secretary, Mrs. Cora Wentzel;
treasurer. Mrs. Carrie Kruse; marshal.
Miss Eva Posberry; warden, Miss Helen
Doherty; guard. Miss Winnie Kane; sen
tinel, Mrs. Margaret Collins; organist,
Mrs. Mary Tyrell; physicians, Drs. Pat
ton and Leffler; auditors. Mrs. Reed,
Mrs. Lena Scholten and Mrs. D. F. Bran
don; trustees, Mrs. M. Boehm, Mrs. As
man and Mrs. Bertha Macrett.
ORDER OF CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The next meeting under the auspices of
the Progressive Council will be held to
morrow night in the hall of Empire Coun
cil. It will be an open meeting and a fine
programme will be presented. Any one
not a member of the order will be wel
come.
The grand councilor and the grand re
corder will officially visit the council in
Sacramento on the 6th of July.
The meeting of the executive council
has been Dpetponed from the 25th inst. to
the 2d of jujy.
THE PURITAN AT MATANZAS.
It Is this that Mr. Bryce has aimed to bring out in his
work and the result would make it appear that he has
succeeded most, admirably. The material for the book
was. gathered over an interval of several years but has
been wholly revised within the last few weeks.
Mr. Bryce has not filled his pages with Dlogrraphical
details, but has given instead a complete, frank and im
partial analysis of Mr. Gladstone's character. He shows
the . early influences that molded his nature, the un
matched Impress that he left upon parliamentary life, tha
characteristics and power of his oratory, his originality
and Independence, his social qualities, and finally tne deep
and abiding part that religion had in his life.
WILLIAM EWART GLADSTONE. By James Bryc«.- Th«
Century Company, New York. Price, $1.
* * «
THE STANDARD BEARER. By S. R. Crockett. A
romance of the Scottish Covenanters. The narrative opens
in 1085 — "the terrible year" — but nevertheless a charming
love story runs through the book. D. Appieton & Co.
price, $1 50.
THE INCIDENTAL BISHOP. By Grant Allen. This
is as clever a story as Mr. Allen ever wrote. In it are
related the complications arising out of an incident on a
slaveship in the South Seas. There is not a dull line in
It. D. Appieton & Co. For sale by William Doxey; price,
$1 50.
THE RIDDLE OF EXISTENCE. By Goodwin Smith,
D. C. L. Being a series of essays on theological problems
of importance handled In an original manner. The Mac
millan Company. For sale by William Doxey; price. $1 25
THE GENERAL MANAGER'S STORY. By Herbert
Elliott Hamblen. Old time reminiscences of railroading
in the United States. The Macmillan Company. For sale
by A. M. Robertson: price, $1 50.
WAY OUT YONDER. The romance of a new city by
William Lightfoot Visscher, with an introfluction by Opia
Read. Laird & Leo. Chicago; price, 75 cents
IN THE DEPTHS OF THE FIRST DEGREE A ro
mance of the battle of Bull Run, by James Doran The
Peter Paul Book Company. Buffalo. NY *
BEFORE THE DAWN. A book of poems, songs and
sonnets. By Joseph Leiser. The Peter Paul Book Com
pay.New York.
THE LAKE OF WINE. A novel, by Bernard Capes.
D. Appieton & Co. For sale by William Doxev price Jl 00
A £555. 5L5 L o ITERATURK - By %$£
cil Initiated three candidates and appli- !
cations were received by Sacramento and j
Angrels Camp councils.
On the 23d inst. the grand councilor will
be In Marysville to visit the council there
and on July 1 he will be in Monterey.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
At the meeting of the board on Monday
last D. E. Hayden, P. Princevalle and H. '
Pinkham were appointed a committee on
mileage In connection with the approach
ing session of the Grand Council.
The Very Rev. J. J. Hogan, president of
WHIST
ABOLISH MEMORY WHIST.
This sort of a game is not whist at all In
the true sense of the word and should be abol
ished from all whist clubs, as it simply spoils
the Interest in the legitimate game. To show
how ridiculous it Is to allow It to be played
in whist clubs a few weeks ago we asked the
great expert. Milton C. Work, when he paid
us a visit, this question:
"How many deals could your old Hamilton
team, including yourself, Gus Remak, Mor
gTldge anfl Balliird, memorize if you sat down
for a whole evening's play for the express pur
pose of remembering the deals?" His reply
was as follows:
"In answering this question I wp.nt to ex
plain that I understand by the word memorize
not the committing to memory the position
of the entire flfty-two cards so that • they
could be replaced exactly in case the tray
were lost, but the recollection of some fea
ture of the position of the cards which would
materially affect the overplay, and which would
be what I Would call a memory play and not a
whist play. I am inclined to think that the
chances are that Mr. Morgrldgo. who is prob
ably the most expert of any of the four men
tioned in this respect, could. If he set him
self to it, remember some such feature to the
advantage of his score in practically every
hand played. The others, while possibly not
as expert as he is, would not fall very far
behind. The way that this Is done is very
simple: When a hand is played originally the
player watches the leader's hand carefully to
see whether the opening of any suit other than
the natural and proper lead would be a trick
winner; if sa£h Is the case he simply im
presses upon his memory that In the hand
which contains such, and such a trump holding
the singleton, if that be the method of gain
ing, or the trump if a diverse course. The
same sort of observation is applied to the sec
ond hand for the play of king and one small,
queen and one small, ace, queen and every
second hand combinations to the third hand
In order to enable it to make wonderful
finesses. The result of all this is that on the
overplay the game Is not whlet. but something
entirely different, and the results are conse
quently anything but satisfactory. I well re
member in the last memory game of any im
portance in which I participated that while
my partner and I were soundly beaten on the
merits of the original play we managed to
win on the overplay simply by memory meth
ods. One hand in particular happened to afford
an opportunity to gain six tricks merely by
opening a suit which no sane whist player
would ever think of leading, and which un
der ordinary circumstances In the long run
would prove tremendously expensive. Such re
sults, of course, are not whist victories and
are most unsatisfactory. My further experi
ence with a memory game Is that when it is
participated in by players who have not the
faculty of remembering so well the result is
that by trying to remember situations and
remembering in the long plays the utmost con
fusion results In the overplay and the whole
game becomes a farce."
WHIST WITH THE BOYS IN BLUE
The Fifty-first lowa Volunteers, one of the
finest regiments that has yet visited California
on their way to ' Manila, have with them a
team of crack whist players. They have sent
a challenge to the Trlst Dttplieva Whist Club
for a: match game. The gallant colonel of the
regiment, John C. Loper, ■ heads the team,
but he has appointed ; Major W. 8. •' H.
Mathews, surgeon of the regiment, field cap
tain. • • > ■ ■
 The readers of The Call have read many of
Suigeon Mathews' whist articles, which 'ye
have reproduced from the Des-Moim-3 leader
of Dcs Moines, la. « The . others of ; the team
are • Lieutenant J. T. Davidson. . adjutant of
the regiment, . and Mr. Ernest > Painter This
team expected to go to the Eighth Congress, to
be held in Boston In July, but fate has decreed
otherwise.
The game will be . played ■in the colonel's
headquarters at Camp Merrltt. The duplicate
whist l set that > will be used In this match
will be presented to the ■ colonel to take with
him to Manila. ■
ILLUSTRATED WHIST : TALK BY THE
QUEEN.
- Mrs. O. D. Thompson, of I>lttsburg, Pa., the
newly elected secretary of 'the Woman's .Whist
League, sends us a very complimentary notice
of * ! Miss Kate Wheelock's first visit to that
city. Miss WheeJock'B . legion ,of warm friends
on the Pacific Coast will ibe delighted to hear
of her f continued success. :• Mrs. ' Thompson
says:
"The first of her Illustrated lectures was
given before an audience of Invited guests at
the residence :of . Mrs. ; David Kirk, and- .the
"Whist " Queen," -as ? »ho i la ; called " by i; Cavcu
dish, displayed such a happy gift of clone rea-
Boning: in a I clour and comprehensible I manner
and Imparted • such an Immense ■ amount of
practical « Information, ■ that '• the * audience j vra#
■.."■■. :. - "'^ •.-■■■--■ ■■-•-..-...:-- ■ -.. - ■•■ -
St. John c Ecclesiastical Seminary of Bos
ton, Mass., will deliver a lecture eomo
time In the month of July before Council
tut, «n 'Personal Reminiscences of the
biege of Parts and the Commune "
Evolutl ?""., VUV U be the su bject of the
lecture to be delivered on the 24th inst. in
bt. Ipatius Hall by Rev. Joseph W. Rior
clan before Borromean Council
Rev. E. H. Younan, C. S. 8., will deliver
a lecture before members of the order on
July < in Metropolitan Temple.
San Jose Council will be officially visited
on Tuesday n^xt by H. Kugelberg and D.
£ Hayden, grand directors.
moment how much they had absorbed, so beau
tiful were the demonstrations and apparently
so simple. In short, her hearers in one hour
were put in possession of rules and deductions
whose working out was the result of months
of study and thousands of experiments
No one could teach whist as Miss Wheelock
does who had not perfectly mastered it both
as a science and an art. but the greatest se
cret of her success lies not so much In the
profundity and logical strength of her knowl
edge as in the fact that in her demonstra
tions not a superfluous word or idea blurs the
clear-cut outline of the thought she seeks to
convey to the mind of the pupil. Her engage
ment at the Twentieth Century Club closed
HUM \\heelock's season, but she left us with
the promise that she would return in the fall
or the early spring. jf»xt year the illustrated
lectures will be her special me of work as
they have proved so eminently successful
T»-u Th i c . ldea J6J 6 entirely original with Mlsa
« heelock, and the course at the club is but tha
second she has given. No one who has heard
'her can wonder at the world-wide reputation
this charming woman has made for herselt
as a queen among players, amonr teacher*,
and among women."
WHIST FOR JUNE.
This monthly Journal, Just at hand, ha«.
many very Interesting articles on the whist
topics of the day. Major General Drayson con
tributes an article on "The Echo and Sub-
Echo" that ever>' whist player should read.
Hon. George t,. Bunn's whist catechism Is
always full of good things. The preliminary
draft of the new code of laws governing dupli
cate whist is published in full. Every whist
player should read this code, and If he can
offer any suggestions they will be gladly re
ceived. Our whist editor Is chairman of tha
committee on laws, and every California whist
player should at least feel pleased to think
that a humble whister way off here in this
neck o1o 1 the woods has been selected to help
form what will probably be the code that will
govern the game for many years to come.
WHIST ON TOP OF MT. TAMALPAIS.
A match for the Rldeout trophy was played
yesterday afternoon and evening in the parlors
of the "Tavern of Tamalpais." situated on the
top of Mount Tamalpais, between the Mill Val
ley and San Francisco Whist Clubs. The
make-up of the teams was as follows: The
Mill Valley's captain was the genial president
of the Bohemian Club, James A. Thompson,
with Thomas H. Reynolds, Joseph G. Cox and
A. M. Brown (as substitute). The San Fran
cisco was represented by George E. Bates as
captain. Dr. W. R. Lovegrove, H. C. Richard*
and J. R. Hanify.
It was not possible to get the score of tha
game, but Captain Thompson says he is not
going to let the San Franciscos have a "walk
over."
METROPOLITAN WHIST ASSOCIATION.
This is the name of a woman's whist or
ganization Just formed In the city of New
York. It Is limited to a radius of twenty
miles from Brooklyn Bridge. The object of the
association Is the advancement of whist among
the numerous women's clubs in New York,
Brooklyn, City and other near-by cities.
Mrs. Margaretta Wetherlll Wallace, whist ed
itor of . the New York Evening Post. Is with
out doubt responsible for the successful launch-
Ing of this association and has been rewarded
by being selected as Its first president.
The - governing body of the association . Is
to be composed of the different presidents of
the various clubs forming the association,
each of whom shall ■be a director, and who
shall ' choose from . their own number t a ■ presi
dent, first vice-president, second vice-presi
dent, secretary a"' l treasurer. It Is hoped by
the •, organiser* that . this method of directing
the association will not only have a tendency
to confine all politico within the limits of the
clubs themselves, but, will also prevent the
association from ever falling into the hands
of a clique.
Success to the new organization.
WHISTLETS.
Lieutenant-Colonel John Jacob Astor Is an
accomplished whist player. He was given a
grand reception In . the rooms of the ' Chatta
nooga Whist Club Saturday evening, June 11.
\vi,i h i?i rul to tllc , fri "it- The Trlßt Duplicate
Whist Club will give him a reception before
leaving ban PrUtetMO. •
ir. 1 n r )\ S."S ' -."' -Jathews. surgeon of the
Flfty.nrst < i ' l4 Volunteers, now at Camp Mer
mhJ £. » hlßt P l *y»r of first rank. The
major for a couple of years was the whist
oillJor of the Leader at Dcs Moines
• Mmm Julc» P. Wooten and D. Carr, mem
w^hi^Tt 1 c i? -! ta L Btcycle Whist Club of
1,, *, i!" n on ' , 1). .-.. nave received commissions
in. the signal Corps. ■
w£w£ eal it y> the 10 '*! 11 * spirit ani faithful
worker m ; the cause of whi»t. tells us that
r.li«» *}** Vj»ta Club of Oakland-that Mr. •
0 ? 3 h 5? 01 hi » ii * tie c i ub ■-
IJUU JHlVtMtyajyttje^^BWnpn^ftr Vacation/.;THE outlook for amusements dur
ing the dull summer season,
when all who can do so hie
themselves to the mountains or
seaside, has been much im
proved by the advent of T. Daniel
Frawley witn an entirely reorganized
company and several new plays which
he confidently asserts are up to his
usual Btandard -ion.
To those whose environments prevent
them fr<>m taking an annual outing this
iirable addition to the limited
for entertainment will be grate
fully accepted. It is true we have not
our old familiar and prized friends of
the former company, whose artistic
luctions were the pride and satis
faction of the discriminating theater
goers of San Francisco of whom, thanks
be, there are many, but we can rea
that among the capable
Mr. Frawley has gathered
•id him there may be those who
■will win equally warm places in our
hearts, even if there is not a Blanche
} s Wallis, or a Worthing.
It is not an easy task the new com
•re it in view of the high
standard of excellence set by their pre
decessors, and any nervousness oi
of weakness that has been or may be
displayed by them can be attribute! to
their knowledge that they are being
subjected to the invariably disagreeable
arison. However, they should have
the courage of their capabilities and
give us the best they have without
■ence to who has been bet
may come after. In liffht
■!i> has made a very favorable
n and to-morrow evening it
will be seen in Bronson Howard's bril
liant satirical . drama,
y. ' This is one of Howard's
work?, ranking in merit and popularity
with his ..ther successes, "Shenandoah,"
'The Banker's Daughter" and The
Henrietta." The plot is strong, clearly
laid and worked out to an ornate con
3ion.
The subject gives th" author a wide
field in which to display the weak
■ humanity and to show that
these defects sist where least
'suspected. This he does in ama
manner, his portrayal of the devilish
means by which the downfall of a gift
ed and beautiful woman is encompass
ed being most delicately and po
pictured. it is the o
' cruel depravity and the fatal
aspirations of a weak woman with a
destroying ambition to shine in the
highest social sphere. The difficulty
of depicting this i>art as that of a wo
mr.r. nature and attainments,
who deeplj loves her husband and who
at the same time is conscious of her
imminent danger, bui lacking the moral
from it. is one that rails
for the best abilities of a. talented act-
Por this reason, aside from the
strong characters In the play, the
tion of "Aristocracy" will hold
particular interest on account of the
!s who are to appear in it.
Be being war times and patriot
ism ;u hieh pressure, we are. very ap
y. to have war plays in va
riety. The Alcazar has a new one,
Nation's Defenders," the. i
of which are laid in Manila and Ran
F*ranclsco, which the management in
tended to produce to-morrow night, but
its introduction was delayed for the
very good managerial reason that "A
'rated Case" is still drawing full
houses. This appreciation and sup
is well d for the play is
very capably acted, with
Lewis Morrison as the star, but is rich
ly Staged and costumed. It will hold
th>- boards another week and then make
• nes of war and valor.
The Columbia '. as two war plays in
hand, one of which was written by
Her General King, now with the
Volunteer tr..<.ps in this city, b M
known as the author of several stirring
novels of life in Western garrisons. It
Is called "Fort Prayne." The other, se-
I by Mr. Pro v.-v deals with the
early days of the Rebellion and one of
naval rattles, showing the
blowing up and sinking of a warship.
In view of the fact thai "Shenan
<l';ih" is having great runs in New
York and Chicago it is naturally be
1 that public taste here Is In a
tion to take to such productions
heartily.
With the production of a rewritten
and rearranged \' tsi " n nf tnf> v«r-!v«r
! perennial "AM Baba."
) up with appropriate music
• ••! from Ihe best authors, well
ted Jokes to be operated by
■ l tic- whole presented in the
• if the Tivoli ; with
"After Dark" »«vlved. handsomely
i ..nd well played '>t Morosco's
:!?■■! :i food string of choice, new, up
te acts at the Orpheum theater
goers will perforce be contented, con
sidering the season.
TKe Columbia.
The first weeK of the now Fr.iwley
company's nnsrnprement closes this even
ir.fr. and it ran he said that the reception
accorded them has been fully up to the
expectations of the. management. In
Daly's "Number Nine." a light farce
comedy, they, have done commendable
work, and to-morrow night we are to see
them In "Aristocracy.'.' Bronson How
ard's brilliant comedy drama-, and one of
his great' ■■ successes. It ranks with his
ether famous plays, such as "A Banker's
Daughter." "Shenandoah" and "The
Henrietta." and affords full sccipe for "the
talents of the best of companies. In it
Howard has . done Home of his ablest
work, showing an Intimate knowledge of
ttie erratic ways of the world, of the dif
ficulties of keeping in the straight and
AT THE THEATRES
narrow path, and the woes that follow |
digression therefrom. His depiction of;
the good and evil passions that sway hu
man kind, his disclosures of their points
of weakness and strength, show him to be
a deep thinker and close observer, while
in his method of handling the delicate
situations in the working out of which
the life of a noble woman is wrecked
through her own folly and lack of moral
stamina, he proves himself the possessor
of abilities of a high order. In '"Aristoc
racy" he illustrates these qualities, and
in Diana Stockton draws with tine art the
woman of high breeding and noble re
solves, whose masterful ambition to be
come a shining light in exalted social cir
cles overcomes her moral nature and
leads her to betray the manly husband
she is supposed to truly love. Her strug
gles to baffle the designs of her pursuer,
her broken resolves and gradual approach
to the fall are dramatically demonstrated
and develop strong situations. The prof
lignte Prince, who uses the social aspira
tions of the woman to her undoing, is a
character of much strength, requiring
sp< 'Ml abilities on the part of its por
trayer, and at the clbse of its develop
ment nearly approaches the realms of
hypnotism. The subordinate parts are
equally well done. The cast will be a
particularly good one. as follows:
Theodore Roberts. Miss Cora Tlnnie,
Miss Madeleine Bouton, T. Daniel Fraw
ley, Robert G. Wilson, Miss Eleanor
Carey. Miss Maud "Winter. David Conger.
Edward M. Bell. Alfred Hickman. John
T. Burke, Louis Payne, Samuel Edwards
and I. K. "Woodthorpe.
Frawley is preparing a big production
of Brigadier General King's military
drama. "Fort Frayne,'' for early pre
sentation.
The Baldv\?ir\.
"The Passion Play" at the Baldwin
will be presented every afternoon and
evening at 3 r.:i<l S:3O o'clock. Lumiere's
cinematograph reproduces the great re
ligious dm ma in all its details, and with
accompanying lectures and music makes
a unique and instructive as well as im
t-nt< rtainment. The various
scenes and characters are exceedingly
!if -like. There will be two presentations
of the play to-day. Prices are 25 cents
:"• r adults and 15 cents for children.
The TiVoli.
A regular midsummer production, "All
' Baba, or Cassim and the Forty Thieves,"
will be the attraction at the Tivoll Opera
house to-morrow evening. It is an old
friend in new clothes, having been re
written and arranged by George E. Lask.
with music adanted from the works of
■ Lecocq. Max Hirscuield. Sousa, De Ko
ven and others. "All Baba," a penniless
•r, who is being pressed for payment,
! has a very lively series of adventures
! growing out of his discovery of the hid
i ing place and treasure of the famous
i band of "Forty Thieves." He helps him
self to their wealth and arrives home in
Bagdad in time to save his household ef
fects and faithful siave Morgiana from
being sold by creditors. He lives in grand
style and is accidentally the means of
! his cousin Cassim visiting the rob- •
bers' roost and becoming one of
the members of the band. Ali
Baba is saved from death at the
hands of the Forty Thieves by his
priceless Morpiana and the cousin comes
back just in rime to prevent the marriage
wife to Ali Baba. In the feast of
th<> lanterns in the last act many delight
ful specialties and diversions will be in
troduced and new scenery, appropriate
accessories, dazzling light effects and
humor will elaborate the production. The
cast includes John J. Raffael as the
wood-cutter, Ali Baba; Louise Royce as
his faithful slave. Morgiana: Edwl'n Ste
vt-n? as Ali Baba's cousin. Cassim; Edith
Hall as his wife, Zobeide; Charles T.
Swickard as the leader of the forty
thieves, Kandgyar; Georgie Cooper as the
apprentice, Mesrour; Phil Branson as the
Brst lieutenant of the forty thieves, Zizi;
nnd Arthur Boyce as Saladin, Cassim's
i clerk.
"The Circus Queen," a new opera .
comique, will follow the run of "All j
Baba."
The /\lcazar.
The management of the Alcazar ha.l a
better and steadier drawingeard than they
supposed in "A Celebrated Case." for
business has justified them in continuing
it on tbo boards another week, notwith
standing advance rehearsals and previous
billing of the new war play, "A Nation's
Defenders," which it was the intention
to produce to-morrow evening. The pub
lic, evidently desire to see more of "A
Celebrated Case" as presented by Mr.
Morrison and the Alcazar's well-balanced
stock company, several theater parties
having been formed to attend during the
week. The handsome staging of the piece
and its embellishment with rich and <oi
r<-ct costumes add greatly to its Attract
iveness. During the coming week Miss
Roberts will exchange roles and assume
the character of Valentine de Mornay,
while Miss Foster will play the part of
the unhappy daughter of Jean Renaud,
the galley .slave. Next week "The Na
tion's Defenders"
JVlorosco's Qrand Opzra House.
"After Dark," a melodrama of the old
school, replete with strong situations and
striking characters, will \>e revived at
Morosoo'S Grand Opera House to-morrow
night. It Is an adaptation by Dion liou-
Cicault, from a famous French drama,
the scene being laid In Liondon. In the
story Sir Oeorge Medhurst. a profligate
young Englishman, has married a sweet
estimable woman secretly. His uncle
diea, leaving him a legacy, stipulating,
however, that he shall marry his cousin
Kosr. "SK'ihurst has fallen Into the power
nt villains who attempt to induce him to
murder liis wife. Old Tom, a boatman
on the Thames and an ex-army officer
who has. been ruined through drink, dis
covers that Kliza, the wife. Is his daugh
ter. He reforms and plans to circum
vent the villains. Through a series of
thrilling adventures, the story is carried
to a satisfactory conclusion. For i..c
strong character part of "Old Tom."
George P. Webster has been re-enK,'!.tr«--:1.
and he will doubtless give a character
study well worth seeing.
Jhe Orpheum.
The Orpheum will bill three new "great
acts" for this week. The four Cohans,
who have an established reputation here
as clever artists, will return with a new
act written for them by George Cohan,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
said to be very catchy. Another star feat
ure is "Mr. Tim Murphy and
Co."— the Murphy of "Texas Steer"
fame. He has a little farce en
titled "Sir Henry Hypnotized," the
feature of which is the impersonator,
of Sir Mathlas in "The Bells." The "Two
Great Judges," European acrobats, who
are said to have t<nmething sensational in
tr ! r line, will constitute another new at
traction. Those retained from last week
are: Miss Fanny Wentworth. with new
imitations; Carlin and Clark, German
comedians; Sa Vans, comedy acrobats;
Katie Rooney and John Hardinp; Wills
and Loretto, the tramp and the gay sou
brette; and Alhurtus and Bartram,
world's champion club-swingers. Matinees
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
The Chutes.
Henri Maurice Cannon, the Swiss 013
pounder, whose circumference of waist
is eight feet, continues to attract largo
crowds of admirers of the abnormal to
the Chutes every afternoon and evening
The entertainment provided at the
Haight-street pleasure grounds is varied
and good and at no similar resort in the
world Is so much given for so r.mall an
admission fee.
There will be an entire change of bill in
the Free Theater for the comiu t r week.
The programme will include Aimont and
Dumont, musical artists, who recently
made a great hit at the Orpheum; Mari
on and Lynton, acrobatic comedians, who
will introduce several oddities; Walter
and Lola Leon, aerial performers, who
have given their thrilling trapeze exhibi
tion all over the world; Jacklin and Grod-
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
FRAWLEY CO. in "NUMBER NINE."
BEGINNING TO-MORROW,
sir |FRAWLEY
Received
ICOMPANY
Presenting the Comedy Drama,
By Bronson Howard, author of "Shenon-
do.ah." "The Henrietta," "The Banker's
Daughter," etc.
ELABORATELY STAGED.
CAST TO PERFECTION.
' June 27— Brladler General King's great mili-
tary drama: FORT FRAYNE.
BALDWIN THEATER. -'
To-day and continuing all next week. After-
noons at 3, evenings at 8:30. The great. nov-
elty. "THE PASSION PLAY." Admission, with
seat, adults 25c, children 15c. ' ;:•>;■
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. JUNE 19. at 2:30 p. m.
SECOND GRAND
SOLDIERS' DAY SWIMMING RACES
Between the
WASHINGTON, I<)\ A BATTERY C, U. S. A..
MONTANA, FOURTEENTH U. S. IN-
FANTRY, SOUTH DAKOTA AND
KANSAS VOLUNTEERS.
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES.-
Admission 10c. Children lie.
OLYMPIA ! 'ne' o( Mtton «ni •
A NEW SUPERB BILL OF NOVELTIES. •
' DE BOE, the "Upside-Down Man"; LA ROY
SISTERS, MAUDE ROCKWELL. ENYVELL.
LA MONT. WILLIAMS, GAMBOL < and BIO-
GRAPH, With War Scenes. Admission Free.
Matinee To-day. . ... -
I gens, descriptive vocalists, and little i our curiosity has committed a dreadful
Claire Fex, a precocious child, who sings crime and is evidently escaping in dis
and dances. IJfe-moving pictures show- guise. Notice how she tries to sleep, and
ing the departure of the transports laden moans, then starts up In affright and
with troops from the wharf and stirring draws the veil more closely about the
war scenes will be shown, in addition to • lower part of the face, as if more thor
i many humorous views. The Zoo is daily i oughly to conceal the features.'
iin receipt of new and rare animals, the . "At length the traveler, overcome with
i latest addition being two monster sea- the strain that comes of guilt, fell fast
| lions. asleep, and we curious girls lifted the
veil, and. horrors! we simultaneously dls-
Tk<? DlurrM-^A covered that it was a heavily bearded
j i\& v/i\jn\pia. man. Imagine our conjectures. It was
The Olvmpia Music Hall retains as its nothing less than a murderer disguised as
<=tir fpiuire the biosrranh with an «n i a woman, fleeing from the scene of his
Btar feature tne oiograpn, with an en- dreadfu i crlme , or possibly an escaped
I tirely new set of war scenes, including j con vict who would not hesitate at further
scenes in camp, troops in motion, battle
ships in action and other interesting pic
tures. A strong olio of specialties has
been prepared. Matinee to-day
SHE PLAYED
Madeleine Bouton, with the Frawley
Company at the Columbia Theater, tells
of a funny incident in her career, when
she attempted to enact the role of a de
tective. The results were entirely unsatis
factory, and the "laugh was ori her," as
she naively expressed it.
"I assure you that 1 am perfectly satis
fied to let others have the glory of ferret
ing out suspects and criminals/ she said.
"I was leaving one company to join an
other, and had to travel all day alone in
a crowded car. on a train that did not
carry that pleasurable relief from a te
dious journey, n parlor car. Toward
evening, when the sun was just disappear
ing from vi»w I struck up a conversation
with a very prim-looking young woman
who sat next to me. Just about that time
I commenced to observe the antics of a
very peculiar individual sitting in front of
me. The individual was trying to sleep. It
appeared very like an old woman. A
plain black dress and a large poke-honnet
constituted the visible wardrobe of the
personage. She kept her face almost cov
ered over with a heavy black veil, while
every now and then she would cast
furtlvo glances from under the face-pro-
tector.
"My companion became as deeply inter
ested" as I, and then it was that I wnis
pered in terrified accents: 'The object of
AMUSEMENTS.
jjmprk San Francisco, Cal., Estab. 1 887 .
WALTER ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
# jf*% WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, JUNE 20. -4 f\
/ C/-New People Combined in a First Prize BUI of All Nations' Stars-/!/
Important Engagement of the Eminent Comedian,
MR. TIM fl/f URF*H Y~*~CO-
In His Great Character Sketch, "SIR HENRY HYPNOTIZED."
The Best Quartette of Comedians on Earth,
THE FOUR COHANS,
In George Cohan's Latest Success, "RUNNING FOR OFFICE." .
T3E TWO GREAT JUDGES
ACROBATIC EQUILIBRISTIC WONDERS.
,»|g£gS E » miss FANNY^WENTWORTH
LAST WEEK OF THE FOLLOWING ARTISTS:
THE SA VANS CARLIN AND CLARK
Comedy Acrobats. • ••'.':• German Comedians.
KATIE ROONEyT^ZSST WILLS & LORETTO
Assisted by JOHN HARDING, Pianist. . Tramp and the Gay Sonbrette.
ALBURTLJS & BARTRAM,
'. '-: .. ■ . . - •■• '■■'■ ' . Club Juggling Experts. ' - -. <■
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, June 19th, p^^^^k^nlfex KS^^ 001
[ bloodshed should he find himself discov
ered.
"Now was my opportunity to distieuish
myself a? a detective, and. cautioning my
companion to keep an eye on the sleeping
felon, I quietly slipped away, and, going
up to the conductor, I told him of my sus
picions. Ho appeared to be much im
pressed with my story, and I led him to
the sleeping felon, saying in my most
tragic manner, 'There sits a murderer.'
"At that moment the veil was raised as
quick as a flash, and I thought something
desperate was about to occur; but the
object only said, 'For heaven's sake can't
you let a decent, respectable woman sleep
in peace?'
"The conductor laughed uproariously,
and then informed me that the individual
was the bearded lady of a traveling freak
show, and her fellow-sufferers were in tne
next car. He offered to take me to them,
but I resolutely declined the invitation."
SJ/\QE QOSSIP.
"Po' White Trash," the curtain raiser at
the Columbia, presents a typical bit of
Southern life that is quite original, while
the plot would suffice for a three-act play.
j The Georpia dialect is well handled and
; the sketch runs rapidly the gamut of hu
i mor. pathos and tragedy, the finale being
( the death of the hero from the bite of a
i copperhead received to save the life of
| the woman he hopelessly loves. This de
i pressing conclusion forms an excellent
contrast to the lively fun of "Number
Nine."
Sam Edwards has been one of the big
hits in the Frawley production of "Num
ber Nine. v He makes the father-in-law
AMUSEMENTS.
a fine, jolly fellow, and the picture of a
man whom we often meet in real life.
Edith Hall, Edwin Stevens and William
Henry will do "The Yankee-doodle Boys"
in the last act of "AH Baoa" at the Tivoli.
Mrs. F. M. Bates has received a tele
gram from her daughter. Blanche, stating
that she has been the recipient of two
splendid offers. One from Seymour Hicks
to create the leading role in his revival of
"The Highest Bidder" in London, and an
other from Will H. Davis of Chicago for
the leading role in a new naval drama.
Miss Bates has accepted the latter.
In the second act of "Aristocracy" the
ladies appear in presentation gowns mod
eled after those demanded by the eti
quatte of the English court.
If you don't shoot the Chutes don't
shoot the Cannon. It is of such heavy
caliber that it might kick.
The scenery for "AH Baba" at the Tlv-
oil will be all new. Oscar L. Fest has;
painted it, and Frank Burkhardt devised
the mechanism.
"A Celebrated Case" will go another
week. Business was too good to with
draw it.
Sidney 'Grundy is going to arrange a
new dramatization of Dumas' "Three
Musketeers" for Beerbohm Tree.
The Belasco-Thall company will put on
"The Gay Parisians" at the Burbank The
ater, Los Angeles, next week.
Leon Carvalho is writing the music of
the opera "Trilby," in wnich Svongali
shall be a basso.
Sullivan's latest opera is "The Beauty
Stone," of which a Flemish story pro
vides the plot.
Pinero has been in Paris superintending
the rehearsals of the French version of
his comedy, "The Magistrate."
Leila Ellis is at the Lyceum Theater,
New York, with Herbert Kelcey's and
Effle Shannon's company.
Examinations have begun for the two
free scholarships offered by the Stanhope
Wheatcroft Dramatic School of New
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZARJHEATER
ORCHESTRA SEATS 50c
DRESS CIRCLE 50 and 35c
BALCONY 15c, 25c, Ssc
THIS SUNDAY EVENING
AND
ALL NEXX W/EEK.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
LEWIS MORRISON
In His Great Creation of
COUNT DE MORNEY
A Celebrated Case!
Chronicle— The Alcazar is one of the most
popular placet? in town.
Seats can be secured by 'phone, Main 254, or
at box office pix days in advance.
.Tune 27— LEWIS MORRISON in the Patriotic
play
THE NATION'S DEFENDERS.
TIVOLI OPERA^HOUSiEy
Mrs.Ernestlne Kreling.Proprietor and Manager.
TO-NIGHT LAST NIGHT
THE PATRIOTIC OPERATIC SPECTACLE,
/YIN
AMERICAN HERO!
TO-MORROW EVENING
A Production Par Excellence!
"ATjI BABA!"
A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
BRIGHT— BREEZY— BRILLIANT.
Popular Prices 25 and 50c
No Telephone.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now onen every Sunday during the season.
Music Dancing, Bowling, Beating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. 2Hc; Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER URIAH—
Will leave Tlburon Terry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m-
York. These scholarships, one for each
sex, were instituted by the late Nelson
"VVheatcroft In order that two clever
young persons, unable to pay the regular
fees, might obtain, each year, a thorough
preparation for the stage. The examina
tions will continue through the summer,
and those wishing to enter should apply
at once to Mrs. Adeline Stan hope-Wheat
croft, 1440 Broadway, New York.
EXPLOSIVE BULLETS
BARRED IN WAR
FOUL!" cries the defeated one. It
was ever thus. Not having any
other excuse ready for being
crushingly defeated, the Span-
iards whine about unfair fighting.
"They bombarded us with petroleum
bombs," said the Spanish dispatches
from Manila to Madrid. What pe
troleum bombs are the dispatches do
not explain, but the beaten dons seek
to convtey the impression that foul
fighting beat them. As a matter of
fact, ail me woiici knows that they
were beaten fairly and squarely, but
even if new and ternbie munitions 01
war had been introduced by the Ameri
cans, the dons would have to bear in
mind that •■all's fair in love and war,"
and the vanquished ones do not arouse
any sentiment but contempt by squeai
ing after the blow. However, there
are no such things as petroleum bombs
used by our navy.
All war is barbarous, but the civi
lized nations have not yet found any
other way of settling their differences.
The powers of Europe, in their keen
rivalry, agree not to use explosive bul
lets; they are interdicted. With the
adoption by the British Government of
the dum dum bullet an interesting
question has arisen whether the new
bullet is an explosive bullet.
In the House of Commons recently
the Secretary of State for India was
quite indignant because the dum-dum
bullet was referred to as an explosive
bullet. Strictly speaking-, this bullet
may not come under the ban of inter
national law and the customs of war,
but the line of demarkation is more
academic than real. If the dum-dum
bullet is permissible, why should we
raise our hands in holy horror at the
suggestion of an explosive bullet or a
petroleum bomb?
An explosive bullet explodes. A dum
dum bullet consists of solid lead in
cased in a cup of nickel. The differ
ence between it and the Lee-Metford
bullet is that that bullet is incased all
over with the nickel, while the dum
dum bullet has the lead uncovered at
the point. It is common knowledge
that the Lee-Metford weapon often
punctures men without disabling them;
at any rate, at the time. The bullet
has been found to pass through an
enemy and leave him to all intents and
purposes little the worse, unless a vital
part has been hit.
The dum-dum bullet, on the other
hand, punctures the flesh, and imme
diately the lead tip "mushrooms," mak
ing a nasty, jagged wound, which is far
more effective than the mere "daylight"
hole occasioned by a Lee-Metford bul
let. In extenuation of the injury done
by this new dum-dum bullet — named,
by the way, after the town of India
where it was first made by Captain
Bertie Clay— it is claimed that it is not
so barbarous as the bullet that was
used with the old Snider rifle, which
was hollow, and therefore spread and
made a ghastly wound.
Only a trained casuist could see the
difference between an explosive bullet
and this new dum-dum bullet, which
the British troops belch forth from
their rifles while yet a great distance
from the enemy. An explosive bullet
would certainly carry as far, and would
almost certainly kill on striking a
body.
The dum-dum bullet strikes an en
emy, "mushrooms out" in his body, and
inflicts a horrible wound, which proba
bly means a lingering death instead of
a quick dispatch. The distinction be
tween these two bullets appears a small
matter. Yet the refinement which ve
neers civilized nations sanctions the
dum-dum bullet, while it refuses to
permit the use of its explosive rival.
But, after all, is not this discussion
of the relative killing merits of these
bullets uncalled for, and is there any
justiflcation for the armed nations of
Europe objecting to the use of explo
sive projectiles? The object of war is
to kill, and the more effectual the
means the more pleased are those who
have direction of the operations. In
ventive genius has provided the navy
with the torpedo and submerged mines.
Such an explosion as wrecked the
Maine may, in time of war, be caused
by a torpedo or by a submerged mine.
By the use of these agencies hundreds
of officers and men and a vessel worth,
it may b°. as much as $5. 000,000, would
in the twinkling of an eye be sent to
the bottom of the sea. This method
of warfare has received the sanction of
all the nations of the world; it has been
reduced to a more or iess exact sci
ence.
It is difficult to =cc where the dif
ference lies between killing a single
man with, an p\-nlosive bullet and
slaughtering a whole ship's company by
submerged mines. As a matter of fact,
in the consideration of methods nf war
fare, thorp is no room for sentiment.
Any soldier who uses a bayonet mere
ly to pierce an antagonist, and does
not drive home his weapon by twisting
and twirling the weapon, would prob
ably not live to tell the taJp to human
ity. It is when we carefully examine
the methods of warfare that logic tot
ters, and we find it impossible to draw
the line between one method and an
other — to label one ?s humane and the
other as not in keeping with the tradi
tions of civilized nations.
AMUSEMENTS.
MQROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices loc, 25c and 50c.
MATINEES-SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
And All the Week. \
MONDAY, JUNE 20TH.
LAST WEEK OF
.".'.GEORGE P. WEBSTER .'.'.
"In Dion Bouclcault's Great Melodrama •
AFTER DARK!
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY— SUPERB CAST.
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE GREATEST GUN ON EARTH,
IS AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
WONDERFUL ANIMALS IN THE ZOO!
MIRTH AND FUN ALL OVER
THE GROUNDS.
Great Show in the Free Theater.
Don't fan to see the FLAGSHIP NEW YORK.
10c. including Zoo and Theater: Children. sc.
Sundays and Holidays,' 10c. SOLDIERS FREE. '
BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE. «.
Championship Pacific Coast.
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
. ATHLETICS VS.. SAN JOSE.
For a Side Bet of $250.
. .Admission 23c. Ladles free. Lt
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY A;.D WASHINGTON. BTS.-RE.
modeled and renovated. ■ KING. VVAR.D ft
CO. European plan. Rooms ' 60c -to-$1 60 day.
*6 to iS week, IS to 130 month. ; Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; lire grates la «ver»
> loom; elevator run* all night. ■ ■
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SITMMARY.
Silver fractionally firmer.
All grains flat and weak.
Beans louver and dull.
Mustard Seed scarce and higher.
Old Hay firm and new weak.
Flour and ICiUstuffa unchanged.
Wool quiet, but steady.
Potatoes and Onions weaker.
River Tomatoes and Uay Cucumbers ap
pear od.
Butter and Eggs lower.
A car of Eastern Poultry due to-morrow.
Peaches, Apricots .in.] Plums getting scarce.
i;... -.I prospects for Dried Fruit this year.
Provisions in fair demand and steady.
Hides ttnn.
Pork stiff. Mutton firm. Beef steady.
Shipment Of $336,376 to China.
Bank clearings gain as usual.
Sixteen failures last week.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstrect Mercantile Agency reports 16
failures In the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories, as compared with US for the previous
week and 16 for the corresponding week of 1597.
The failures for the past week are divided
among the trades as follows: Saloons, 5; nov
elty company, 1; drugs. 1; general stores, 2:
hotel, 1; wholesale hats and caps, 1; grocer, 1;
wood and coal. 1; dairy, 1; crockery, 1;
clsara, l.
TREASURE SHIPMENT. '-
The Belglc took out a treasure list of $336,376,
consisting of $898,886 in Mexican dollars, $26,990
in gold coin and $10,500 in silver soles.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $15,
561.649, against $13,233,539 for the same week last
year.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June IS.— The outside Interest
on stocks continued at a minimum to-day and
the buying for London account, which had
been a feature for several days past, dropped
off. The reactionists perceived that the only
obstacle in their path was the group if spe
cialties, the strength In which exercised a sus
taming Influence yesterday. In order to break
up this point of strength the bears mi a
vigorous attack on People's Gas and Sugar.
The former was sold down an extreme 2?sc
and the latter ]',>■. Considerable People's Cas
stock was dislodged by uncovering on stop-loss
orders, but the volume of liquidation was not
heavy. Numerous reports were put in circula
tion to account for the decline. The market
settled down into a condition of dullness after
this discouragement and drifted sluggishly un
til the close, which was steady, somewhat
above the lowest. The declines were fractional.
There was selling of the Grangers on fears
that rain would damage the en ps In the West,
notwithstanding the weakness In the wheat
market.
As the rates for money during: the week have i
shown only a slight hardening tendency It |
stvnis probable that the demand for subscrip
tions to the Government loan have been practi- ■
cally offset by the decreased use of money in ]
■peculation. The prospects fur the coming
Wheat crop have been eagerly watched in Wall i
street for their far-reaching Influence upon I
the general prosperity. The critical period of j
the crop and some reports of deterioration by
rain have helped to discourage ■peculation and '
give a bearish tinge to the prevailing feeling. j
Bonds showed a decrease in activity and
lower prices. United States new 4's registered !
advanced 2%, do coup 2%, the old 4's 1% and i
the s's % in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 152.200
shares, including: A ten I sou preferred, 1270;
Burlington, 8270; Manhattan, 3841; Northern !
Pai-ilie. a r >.">; si. Paul, 12,136; Union Pacific, '
3145; American Tobacco, 15,090; People's Gas I
U.S2O; Sugar, 21,841; Rubber, 10.090.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13 i Do prefd 149 !
Do prefd 32% St V M ft M 141
Baltimore & Ohlif 2i)V« So Pacific 18
Canada Pacific .. vv 3 ] . Bo Railway S»j '
Canada Southern. E>l | Do prefd 29% :
Central Pac 13' Texas £ Pacific., 11%
Ches * Ohio 23%; Union i-ac prefd. 68%
Chi & Alton ::.> U P D & G 7'i
Chi it & y 103% Wabash 7
Chi & E 111 61 Do prefd ... 19
C C C & St L.... 41% Wheel & i* X 1%
Do prefd S7 Do prefd 11
Del & Hudson — 109 Express Companies-
Del L & \V 154 Adams Ex 100%
Den & R <; 12% j American Ex*.... 127" I
Do prefd 51% United States .... 40
Erie (new) 12% Wells Fargo 120 i
Do Ist prefd — 35% Miscellaneous—
Fort Wayne 168 A Cot Oil 20 ■
Gt Ncr prefd 177 Do -refd 73H
Hocking Valley... 0% Amn Spirits 13*-»
Illinois Ceutral .. 103% Do prefd 35%
Lake Erie & W., 15 Am Tobacco ... 115%
Do prefd 71 Do prefd 113 :
Lake Shore IS:) ? People's Gas 95%
Louis & Nash si : Cons Gas 193
Manhattan L — 104% Com Cable Co 170
Met St Ry 159* Col F & Iron 21
Mich Central 103% Do prrfd . 90
Minn & St L 25 |Gen Electric 17
Do Ist prefd.... 89% Illinois Steel 54 '
Ho Pacific 34% I^oclede Gas 4S i
Mobile & 0hi0... 20 Lead 34
Mo X & r 11 Do prefd : 106 ■
Do prefd 33% Nat Lin Oil 17%
Chi Ind & L 94 Or Imp Co 29%
Do prefd 30 Pacific Mail 28%
N J Central 90% Pullman Palace... 183 "
N V Central ..... 115% Silver Certificates 57%
N V Chi &St L. 13 Stand II & T 5%
Do Ist :r.->fd.... Co Sugar 131%
Do 2d prefd.... SO Do prefd 112%
Nor West 64 T C & Iron 23%
No Pacific 27% r S Leather 7%
Do prefd 6S Do prefd 65%
Ontario & W 14"i V S Rubber 24%
Or R <£ Nay 4? Do prefd 85
Or Short Line 29 West Union 914
PitUburg 169 Chi & N W 124V4
Reading 19% Do prefd 171
Do Ist prefd.... 45% St L & S W 5%
Rock Island 105% Do prefd 11%
St Louis & S F... 7% ;: <; W 25%
Da Ist prefd .... C3'i Do prefd . 64K
Do 2d prefd.... 29% Chi G W 14%
Bt Paul 98% Haw Com Co 24 I
Do prefd 148% U P Common 23%
St 1' A: Qm 76 (Brooklyn R T.... 50%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4s reg.. 124 X Carolina 65.... 125
Do coup 124 Do 4s 102%
L* 6 4s 108% No Pac lsts 115
Do coup 11l Do 3s 61%
Do Ids 95 Do 4s 97
I" S 5s reg 111% X V C A 8 L 4s. 10414 j
Do 5s coup 111 1 . Nor &W 6s 120
Dlstric 3.65s 115% Northwstrn cons. 142
Ala class A 110 Do deb 5s 116
Do 1! 105 0 Nay lats 11."
Do C 101% O Nay 4s 94%
D- Currency ... 90 o 8 Line 6s tr.... 126%
Atchison 4? 92% O S Line 5s tr.. . 107%
Do adj 4s C 5% O Imp Ists tr.... 114 i
Can So Ms 108% 1 >■ . 5s tr 58% !
Chi Term 4s 86 Pacific 66 of 95... 101%
C & Ohio 5s 114 Reading 4s 85%
c It & d 4%5.\.. 104% aa W iMs 88 :
D & R G lsts 108% SI L ft I M C ss. 94%
D A R G 4s 85% St L & S F. O 6s. 120
East T»nn Ists.. 107%|St P Con 145
Erie Gen 4s 7:: : ... st PC * P lsts.. 118% ;
F W& D lets tr. 72% Do 5s 116% !
G»>n Eiec 5s 103 ISo Ry 5s 9414 !
GII&S AGs Kir, Stand R & T 65.. 67
Do 2ds 105 Term new set 3u.. 91 I
H&T Css 11l T&P I. G Ists... 105% I
Do con 6s 104 Do Hz Ms 38%
lowa C lsts 101% Union Pac 4s 97%
La new cons 45.. 100 U l> D& G lsts. 62
L& li Unl 4b.... SO Wat) Ist 6s 109
Missouri <5s 100 Do 2ds S4U
MX & T 2ds fi W Shore 4s 108*4
Do 4s 87% Va Centuries 71%
N V Central Ists. 11l , Do deferred .... 5%
N J C 5s 113% t P prefd 68%
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 05 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 05 Ophir 2v
Con Cal & Va... IS I Plymouth 12
Deadwood 30 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry 05 Do prefd 250
Hnle & NorcrOM. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 50
Homestake 40 00 [Standard 1 fin
Iron Silver 65 Union Con ... 10
Mexican 05 1 Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June 18.— Atchison. 12%; Bell Tele
phone. 271; Burlington, 103%; Mexican Central
4%; Oregon Short Line, 30.
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. June IS.— The Financier says:
After seven weeks' continuous expansion In
loans during which the total Increased, some
thing like $30,000,000, the statement of the New
York banks shows a decrease of $426,000 for the
week ending June IS. It cannot be said, how
ever, that the shrinkage was due to general
causes. On the contrary a detailed comparison
of the Individual items reveals the fact that
one bank decreased its loans nearly $3,000,000.
The other sixty-four institutions therefore must
have gained In the neighborhood of two and
a half millions In loans. The bank reporting
the heavy decrease In loans increased Its cash
almost in proportion, but the total expansion
of J6,7C.*.000 In the deposits runs generally '
through the list and the average reserves are i
higher than one week ago. The total gain in !
cash was $7,123,100 and the reserve stands at ;
$53,272,800, the highest record for over, ■ year.
The banks are gaining largely from th» in
terior. One result of this Is that legal tender
holdings are Increasing rapidly, the gain for the ;
week having been $3,399,900. Undoubtedly a
large part of this money came out of th
New York banks during March and April
when withdrawals were the rule. The total
cash reserves of the banks were never larger
Mian at present, although the excess reserve
has several times been higher. ■ In the face of
nil' h a showing It would be only . natural to
have the money market follow to even lower
figures than now prevail, but the pending
Government loan prevents any decline In rates.
Conservative opinion. In fact, favors th«» be
lief that rates are going higher and that the
low point has been reached. , The statement
may not be favorable from a strictly banking
view point, but In a larger sense it is a source
of satisfaction to know that the banks , wens
never better prepared than at present to aid
In the floating of the new bonds and • that a
financial operation which heretofore has re
quired International assistance will be com
pleted without any disturbance other than a
possible temporary fluctuation and certainly
without aid from abroad.
The situation to-day has never been equaled
In the history of the New York banking.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June .IS.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here continue lifeless. There was a
further fall In Brazils to-day. Americans and
Grand Trunks were easi~r, but American bonds
were firm.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. BfiV 4 ; Grand Trunk. 8. Bar
silver, steady, 26 11-16U per ounce. Money. V 4
0% per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June IS.-FLOUR-Receipts,
31.651 barrels; exports, 17,574 barrels. Dull, but
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 297,850 bushels; exports,
7990 bushels. Spot, dull; No. 2 red. Si^c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened weak In response to
lower cables, but subsequently on general cov
ering rallied sharply and closed fairly firm at
Mtc advance to IV" net decline, latter on July.
On the curb, however, general weakness pre
vailed on losver French cables. July, 78@80^4c,
cloned 79% C.'
HOPS— Steady; State, common to choice, 1835
crop, .i'tHr-; ]K96 crop, B©7e; IS:i7 crop, 12@14c;
Pacific Coast, 1886 crop, 3'g4c-.
\\ i >i >L— Oulet; fleece, 17@23c; Texas, MSloc.
PIGIRON— DuII; Southern, $9 75^11 2i; North
ern. $lnT| 10 15.
COPPER— DuII; brokers 1 . $11 75. ,
LKAD— yuiet: domestic, $3 70.
TIN-I'lates. quiet.
COFFEE— Options opened steady at un
chanpod prices, ruled fairly active for Satur
day, closed steady and unchanged to 5 points
hiKher. Sales, f.»} bags, including July, $5 60.
Spot Coffee— Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6"4 c; No.
7 Jobbing, 6\c. Mild— Dull; Cordova. B%©l6Hc.
su< ;ar— Haw, steady; fair refining, I%e;
ci'iitrilußal, 9fi test, 4 5-16 c. Refined— Steady ;
n:oid A, 4Hc; standard A, s>4c; confectioners'
A, s>4c; cut loaf, 5 7 ic; crushed, 5 7 4 c; powdered,
5%c; granulated, 5%c; cubes, 6%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6400 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, lZ^^nc; Elglns, 17c; fac
tory, 11>._.W12\c.
EGOS— Receipts, 4300 packages. Steady;
Western, ll%0Uc; Southern, 10»i'Q"llc.
j DRIED FRUIT.
I NEW YORK, June California Dried
Fruits— Apples, steady; others, quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6<@Sc; ,
prime wire tray, 9i&9%c; wood dried prime,
9%c: choice. 9 1 4 c; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4eB%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 8010 c; Moorpark, 10@12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, peeled. 12-il.v.
, CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 18.— The holders of July
j Wheat were thrown Into something of a panic
1 at the start by the news from Liverpool, where
• speculators were said to be demoralized. At
j one time the price of July there was quoted
! B%c per bushel below the price last night. For
! some days the feeling in July had been steadily
j growing weaker, and when the adverse news
! lrom Liverpool was received the price of July
j fell off to 72*60, a drop of 3c froth the close
I last night. A considerable portion of this de-
I cline was recovered on general buying. Sep
j tember and December showed a fair degree of
1 strength and sold somewhat higher at the
I start, but finally broke on the demoralized feel
j ing in July. September sold down to 67% c,
! while December declined to CS^c. The rally, in
I July caused some improvement in these longer
! futures, and they got additional help from the
• liberal buying by snorts who took advantage
of the break to buy In and secure profits, and
j under this there was a good rally. Liverpool
j was weak and when the decline for the <lay
1 was announced from Paris and Antwerp the
prices here had another severe setback. While
more rain was reported in the Northwest, the
1 weather In the South and Southwest, where
I Wheat Is in its ripening stage, the conditions
are all that could be desired. The declines
at Paris were 5%C a bushel for June and 3%c
a bushel for September-December. Antwerp
was down the equivalent of 5%c for American
red and 2%c a bushel for California. July
i left off with a loss of 3',ic and September IV--
The strength in Corn was due to the lmpre»
si"ii largely prevailing that the crop cannot I
turn out well without most exceptionally favor
able weather from now until Its maturity.
Heavy rains in the Western States during the
last twenty-four hours tended to maintain the
courage of the bulls. • July Corn closed %c
higher.
Oats were firm in sympathy with Corn. July
closed unchanged.
Influenced by the strength In Corn, Provis
. ions wed a slight improvement at the start, j
but eased off later. Pork closed 5c lower, lard •
2V'C down and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
June SO
July 63% 65% 67 ' 72%
September CSV 6ST4 '67 G7
De ember C 3% GiHi 67% CS
Corn No. 2—2 —
June 31% 32H 31*4 31%
July 32% 32% 32% 32*
September 33' V 83% 33 83V4
Oats No. 2—
July 24% 24% 2374 23 !
September : 21 21% 20T, 21
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 624 9 67% 955 - 955
September 9 82% 985 9 72% 9 72%
; Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 5 77% 5 77% 5 72% 5 72%
September 5*5 590 5 52% 5 62%
Short Ribs, per 100 rbs—
I July 545 5 47% a 43 545
September. 6 57% 5 57% 5 52% 5 52%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull;
winter patents, $4 SO<f I 90; straits, $1 60®4 GO;
clears, $4 4<r«4 50; spring specials, J ( 5 ZZwo 50;
No. 2 spring wheat. 74576 c: No. 3 spring wheat.
70'gSOc; No. 2 red, 820840; No. 2 corn, 32 1 - .';
No. 2 oats, 25c; No. 2 white, 2S@29c; No. 3
white. 27%; No. 2 rye, 35c; No. 2 barley, 30®35c;
No 1 flax seed. $1 12%; prime timothy seed,
$2 65; mess pork, per barrel, $3 55©9 60; lard,
per 100 pounds, %'< 7r. / 5. r > 77%: short ribs sides
(loose), $5 2*53 65; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
4%@Sc; short clear sides (boxed). $5 75 r ao;
sugars, cut loaf. 6.02 c; granulated, 5.52 c.
I Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7.100 . 6.000
Wheat, bushels 20.600 101,300
I Corn, bushels ...• 2<">3.000 362,700
Oats, bushels 135.8 M) 349.300
■ Rye, bushels 700
Barley, bushels : 11,250
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creameries, 14@16c; Dairies,
lIWiiUVjC. Eggs, firm; fresh. 9%c. Cheese,
dull; creameries, 71iT%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Eushels.
Minneapolis 48.280 8,250
I Duluth 40,933 105.705
Milwaukee 50,650 j
Chicago 20,600 101.397
Toledo 15.664 2.192
St. Louis 10,000 6,000
i Detroit 689 1.050
Kansas City 10.500 8,005
Totals 197,306 233,594
Tidewater—
j Boston
New York 297.8.-.0 7.997
: Philadelphia 5,540 1.611
! Baltimore 11,054 16.128
New Orleans •
Galveston 1.800 ".......
Totals 316,244 25,736
PARIS FUTURES.
' Wheat— . June. Sept.-Dec.
1 Opening ....57 75 46 00
Closing
Flour-
Opening 25 CO 2120
Closing ..'.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 68% Cl 5 1114
Closing ...... —
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June IS.— CATTLE— week
cloned -with strong prices for desirable cattle.
The best demand was for bent and medium
weight dry fed cattle, with a comparatively
narrow range for all good fat steers. Choice
, steers, $4 90<8 1 5 35; medium, $4 .'o^4 67; beef
steers, $4 306*4 75; stockers and feeders. $3 'Qt?s
I 35; cows and heifers, $3 3054 75; canners, $2 50
(52 25; calves, $3 2.Vi/7 25.
HOGS — Trade was active - for hogs. Prices
. i opened about 5c lower, but ruled stronger
later. ■ Fair to choice, $3 87®4; packers, $3 764]
3 85; butchers, $3 BfVg3 95; medium, »3 75$S 90;
light. $3 60«3 90; pigs. $2 50>1j3 75.
SHEEP AND LAMBS— Were in Rood demand
at strong prices. Native sheep. $3©5; Texans,
$.""» 20 bid; clipped lambs, $4<U 6 10; spring lambs, ,
tr.liC CO.
Receipts— 100; Hogs, 18,000; Sheep,
?l X !l I
OMAHA.
OMAHA. June 18 —CATTLE— 1700.
Market stronger: native beef steers, $4'a4 90;
Western steers, S3 85^f< 50; cows and heifers,
$:■'.'.'■•. 1 1 10; canners, ■$2 60{?3 50; etockers and
.feeders, $41§5 10; calves, $4 60<8>7; bulls and
stags, J3@4. -•
HOGS— Receipts, r>2oo. . Market shade lower;
heavy. $3 7.V&3 &5; mixed. $3 75@3 80; light; $3 70
<<?3 SO; bulk of sales, S3 SO.
SHEEP— Receipts, 700. Market strong; fair
to choice natives, $3 SOS' 4 65; dp Westerns, $3 70
fj4 60; common ■' and stock $heep, S3 60©4 50 •
Lambs, $4 r*«i6f. .
■ J KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. June 18.— CATTLE— Receipts,
100. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market weak to 5c
lower; bulk of sales. $3 70^3 SO; heavies, $3 80<fJ)
3 95; packers, ■ %3 70(?3 90; mixed, $3 KM 90
lights, ii 60@3 70; Pips. Ml 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 500. Market steady; Lambs
$4 75@6 20; muttons. $3(fr4 25. ■
DENVER.
DENVER, June 18.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2400. Market, . steady; beef steer*, $4<??>4 85;
cows. ' 1394 : feeders/freight paid to river. $3 80
'■M 50; stockers. freight paid. %3 90@4 60; bulls,
HtatfP, etc.. $2 Co@3 60. -
Receipts, 200. Market, easy; shade
lower: light packers, $3 76@3 80; mixed, S3 700
I 75; heavy, $3 651/3 70. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
SHEEP— Receipts, 800. Market, firm. Good
fat muttons, $3 20^4 40; lambs and yearlings,
$4 60@5 70.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June IS.— Consols, 111 5-16; silver.
26 11-16 d; French rentes, 102f 57»ic.
LIVERPOOL, June 18— Wheat, dull; cargoes
off coast, buyers withdrawn. Is lower; cargoes
on passage, depressed. Is lower; wheat in
Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 2 red Western win
ter, 7s 2d; No. 1 red Northern spring, 7s 6d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed, new. 3s
2*ld. Futures— Steady; July, 3s 2%d; Septem
ber, 3s 4«vl.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy, winter, dull, 11s
9d.
HOPS— At London. Pacific Coast, dull. £2<3>6.
LIVERPOOL. June 18.— WHEAT— Futures
closed steady; June, nominal; July, 6s 8V&d;
September, 6s Id; December, Gs %d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. June IS.— WHEAT— DuII
and unchanged. Walla Walla, 68c; valley and
blue stem. 70c per bushel.
A round lot of Walla Walla wheat was sold
to-day for Tacoma delivery at 65c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 18.— No market for wheat to
day.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, June 18— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California Fruit at auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Cherries-
Royal Anne, 6j(s7Oc. average 6Ec; Oregon, "O©
76c, average 74c. Peaches— Alexander, 45c{?$l 06,
average 82c. Apricots— Roynl. 63c<ff$l 70. aver
age, $1 21; Newcastle. 401365 c, average. 57c.
Prunes— Tragedy, $1 00^2 25, average, $1 29:
Clyman, SOcTiJl 55. average $1 11; Koenlg, 75c@
$1 25, average $1 08. Three cars sold.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. June IS—Exchanges, $166,
139; balances, $20, Sir.. j*
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK, June IS—The Imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at New York
for the week ending to-day were $7,423,431.
The gold* and silver movement at New York
for the week ending to-day was: Exports,
gold, $13,700; silver, $567,065. Imports, gold,
$25,416; silver, $19,790.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, .Tune IS—To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $156,911,975; gold reserve,
$1<>3,673,169.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON, June IS.—lnquiries for wool dur
ing the week were light. A few sales of cross
breds were made In seller's favor.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June IS.—COTTON—
Quiet; middling, 6 1-lfic.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 S7
Sterling Cables — 4 57»4
New York Exchange, sight — 17ty
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 2' 1
Fine Silver, per ounce — 571%
Mexican Dollars 46 46',i
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT—The week closed with another de
cline In futures and a neglected market. There
Is positively nothing doing in spot grain, and
iionl^rs themselves are unable to quote prices.
Spot Wheat—Shipping, ; milling, $1 50®
1 CO per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:13 o'clock— December—
24,000 ctls. $1 31>4: IS.OOci, $1 31; 10,000, $1 31H.
Second Session— Dec?mhor— 2S,o<X> ctls, $1 30Vfe:
14,000, Ji 30^.
Regular Morning Session— December— 36.ooo
ctlß, $1 29*: 4000, $1 30: 20/KW, $1 2!>»i.
BARLEY— The market If as flat as a pan
cake and there Is nothing doing. Perhaps
choice Feed would bring the top quotation and
perhaps it would not. Nobody seems to knew.
Feed, $1 1591 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9: l.'i o'clock— No sales.
Second seastoa— No sales.
Regular mornir.g session — December — 1000 ctls,
$1 16%; 18.000, $1 15%; SS.OOO, $1 16.
OATS— The market Is weak and excessively
dvii and the tendency is downward.
Fancy Feed, 11 SiV&l 40 per ctl; good to
choice. Jl ?,<<il 3.",; common. $1 2.VSI 27^; Sur
prise. $1 32%01 40; gray, 61 25©1 52%; milling
»1 32't.igl S7H per ctl.
CORN— The market continues flat and weak.
Small round yellow, $1 25'<il 30; large yellow,
$1 or.i/ 1 07V. white, »1 02Vtfl 0& per ctl; mixed,
$1 u2Vi'al (V..
RYE— sl 2r.«7 1 30 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-^ Tf.^l 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FI-OUR— Family extras, $5 5035 60; bakers'
rxtras. $5 2".<g 5 35 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 His: Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, S2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 2j- Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
U 50; Hominy. $3 2.Vu3 SO; Buckwheat Flour. $4
(3 4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 Bu(S6 25; in sacks, $.1 6. r ><g6 05; Pearl
Barley. tS; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 j
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Buyers are still taking old Hay in preference
to new, but they are not taking any If they
can get along without It. Hence old Is firm
and new weak. Straw Is a shade lower.
Feedstuffs remain as. before.
BRAN— tlfiffJl" per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O :,O- ( i22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $25 503*26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31«31 50; Job
bin?. J32fi32 50; Cocoanut Cakp, 631P35; Cot
tonseed Meal. J2SS3O P';r ton; Cornmeal, $24 50;
Cracked Corn. $25.
HAY— <Kx-car In round lots)— Wheat, JWgi
22 50; Wheat and Oat. ?lSf 21; Oat, ; Bar
ley. ; Compressed Wheat. $21024; Com
pressed Oat. $16{i IS; Alfalfa, $11 50fg12; Clover,
; Timothy. $14f/15 CO.
NEW HAY— Wheat. $1«5(XG1S5O; Oat, $14(<?)
16 50; Barley, ; Island Barley, $12@15; Al
ia I fa. 612@13.
BTRAW— 6O9S6O per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Mustard Seed is scarce nnd much higher.
Beans have weakened at last, owfng to the
pressure of some holders to realize. All white
kinds are lower and the colored sorts are also
tending downward.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90^3: Small Whites. $1 76
9180; Large ..hltcs, $1 or^l 75: Pinks, J2 COfr
2 70; Reds, $2 80^3; Blackeye. $3^3 25; Butters,
SI 80f»2: Ltmas, $2 80fi2 90; Pea, $1 70@l 90; Red
Kidneys. S2 5092 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4<f<4 25 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, J'.'fM 25; Flax, $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2^i52%c per rb; Alfalfa, 3rq6c; Rape, 2Vi@
2%c; Hemp, 5%4p10; Timothy. SQ6MC.
DRIED PEAS— Nilee, $1 75@2; Green, J2<3
2 10 per ctl. ,
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, 10c per lb; Green
Peppers, S'hlOc; Tomatoes, 75cjj$l per box.
Bay Cucumbers came in and brought $2 75
per box.
Onions are weaker. Potatoes are In ample
supply.
River Tomatoes appeared, selling at $1 25 per
box/Otherwise there was nothing new In Veg
etables. '
. POTATOES— Burbanks, 30«if>0c per ctl;
new Potatoes, 40060 c for Karly Hose, 40®65c ;
for Peerless and 50@75c for Burbanks In boxes.
ONION? -New, Co<g6sc per ctl for red and 73c
<SSI for yellow. ' .
VEGETABLES— SI 50®2 00 for ex
tra large; 75c<g'$l 25 per box for No. •1, 25@75c
for small: Rhubarb, 50(575c per box: Green
Peas, 11/fjl 50 per sack; Garden Peas, 2%{j'3%c
per lb; String Beans. 3@6c; Wax Beans, 4®Cc;
Summer Squash, M)ciSsl per box; Bay Squash,
$1 6002; Green Peppers. s<i?iloc; Dried Peppers.
s(g6c per Ib; Cabbage, 50c per ctl: Car
rots, 80<f50c per sack; Marysvllle Cucumbers,
7>'i!sl 15 per box: Vacavllle Tomatoes,
75C((S1 25 per box; Green Corn, ]f>rg3oc per
dozen; Garlic, ffi6c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES— ,- : : - ;
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per tb In lots of 25
lbs; siloed desiccated. lfi(iJlßc; granulated, raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots,' old, 13c; , new, ISc;
Cabbage, 20c; Sweet : Potatoes, , 3') c; Turnips,
20c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern will be put on to-morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gob
blers and 10@llc for Hens; Geese, per pair, 75c
<f/Sl; Goslings. $l*tl 25; Ducks, $3^3 SO for old
and f3fJ5 for young; Hens, $3w4 50; Rooa
ters, young, $G^7; Roosters, old, $3 50g4 50;
FryerK. $4 si>@f» ;>fi; Hrollers. $3 50W4 for large,
$2^3 for small; Pigeons, SI 25(gil 50 per dozen
for young and $I@l 20 for old.
GAME — Nominal.
BX T TTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and store Eggs are a fraction off,
weak and dull. There la no further decllno
In Cheese.
BUTTER— "
Creamery— Fancy ; creameries, . 18c; seconds *■ 17
@17* c.v. v . - , . - . ■;, ,-,
Dairy— ,to fancy, 16@17c; common
grades, 15c per Ib. ■ - .
Eastern Imitation creamery, 160
16V4c; ladle-packed, 15@16c per lt»; Elgin, 17
fellec. ' ■ - ' . .
CHEESE— Choice mild new, S'/4c;' old. 7U./Q
8c: Cream Cheddar. 10'ylle; Young America.
Sf/lOc: Eastern. 32'al3r.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. ; lG'S'nc per dozen; ' store
Eftgs, 13H®141ic;--. Eastern, ]2^(615c; -.-. Duck
Eggs, 16c. ■••■-*:,■;: .-..■_.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
From present Indications the Peach and Apri
, cot season will ; be • remarkably brief ' this year.
Indeed, If reports are to be believed. It has al
ready passed Its full. After the early Peaches
are cleaned up on the river there will be no
more from that quarter, and there will be no
Apricots at all. The canners are bidding $3:.®
40 per ton for Apricots in Alameda County and
are taking small sized ones at that. It is also
reported that they are bidding $70 for elm*
Peaches. From now on high prices will prob
ably rule for Peaches and Apricots. Even the
chronic doubting Thomases now admit that
the frost and dry winter played havoc with
fruit.
Cherries continue to drag and Berries are In
good supply and quiet. Logan berries are slow
of sale at $3'S4 per chest
DECIDUOUS FRUITS^-
Strawberries. $2 5004 50 per chest for large
and ?C(gs for small
White Cherries, 2'>ff3Oc per box; black, 15^
35c; Royal Annee, 30-5400; loose Cherries, 1^
l^c for white and lcg2iAc per lb for black and
2'<i3c for Royal Anne. ~
Figs, ZW~~>c per box for single and 75c@$l 25
for double layers.
Currants, $1 su®3 50 per chest.
Blackberries, Me per crate and $4<@>7 per
chest.
Plums, EOcig^l per crate and 50^75c per box;
Cherry Plums, 30@40e per drawer and 4O'ij3Oc
per box.
Apricots. 60@90c per box and 75c<5f$l per crate
for Royals.
Peaches, 35(f?Sf>c per box, 40^75c per basket.
Gooseberries, ]<jj2c per lb for common and 3
@4c for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $1 25 per crate; Near
by Raspberries. $4ffrS per chest.
Applet,, 7uC/i si BO p*r box: new Apples, 35660 c
per small and $1 per large box and 2r,<J?4oc per
basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 yO-jM f.O-
Seedlings. 7Dc'ysl; Lemons. $I@l 25 for com
mon and $1 r.o(jr(2 CO for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $3 r.o<j?4; California Limes, in small
boxes, 40<g 50c; Bananas, $1 20<&2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
From present indications Prunes and Pears
will be the leading fruits this year, as there
will be few Peaches and hardly any Apricots.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%@
5c for 40-50's. ( g4^c for 50-60' s, 3%@4c for
60-70's, 3>i@3Hcfor 70-80' s, 2%@-3c for 80-M)'s, 2%
@<2V&c for 90-100' s; Peaches 3ig\"ic; fancy. 5>,3
be; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots. 6@6%c for Royals
and 7(&8c for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7&@3c; sun-dried, 4V4@sc; Black
Figs in sacks, 2@2^c; Plums, 41,5@4%c4 I ,s@4%c for
pitted and H4<g>l%c for unpltted; bleached
Plums, s@sV4c; Nectarines, 4@50 for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2'4@4Hc for quarters and 3®-sy.c
for halves according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3MsC for four-crown, 4^4c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2 a »c for Seedless Muscatels and $1«)
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes. 2%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, S^c for hardshell, A^tCc for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6^ 7c for
i softshell, SH©9c for paper-shell; • Peanuts, 4®
EHc for Eastern and 4'/»c for California; Pe
cans, €^4TSc; Filberts, 9Mj@loc; Brazil Nuts,
S<fi''c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 EOQ6 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower, grades; water-white extracted, s'6®
Cc; light amber extracted* 4<!i@s&c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24© 2fic per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Dealers continue to report a fair trade at
steady prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy, 9V£c for light medium, 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12®12&c for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, l'JVi'allc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9>fciJiloc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear.
$17®17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12r&'12Vic per
lb.
LARD — Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lb
for compound and sy.c for pure; palls, 9V4c:
California tierces. s>4c per )b for compound
and 7'l.c for pure; half barrels, 7%c: 10-lb
tins. SV«c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%{j7%c: packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 In a case, DV&c;
3-lb pails, 20 In a case. S%c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case. SMsc; 10-lb palls. 6 *i a case, S%c; 50-lb !
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7»ic per lb. |
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
• HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. lO^Hc; medium, !>H@loc; light, ■><.<■■
■ Cowhides. 9<£r9Vic; Stags. GHc: salted Kip, 9c.
Calf. 10c: dry Hides. 16%017Vfcc: culls and |
I brands. 18V4©14e; dry Kip and Veal, lCc; dry '
Calf, 18®20c; culls. 16@17c; Goatskins, 20ff40c I
each: Kids. s©loe; Deerskins, good summer,
J7'V?i3oc: medium. 50c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins.
| sheadings. 2<X«r3oc each; short wool. 35(ff00c
each; medium. 70@90c; long wool, 90cfu$l 30
each: Horsehldes, salt, $?tfj2 25 for large and
$I®2 for small: Colts, Me: Horsehldes, dry $2
for large and $1 for small; Colts We.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3'ii?f3»ic per lb
No. 2. 2%<??3c: refined. 4'sTM-\c: 'Grease, 2c.
\\OOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain. 7®loc
| free Northern. 9<ijl2c. Spring clip— Southern i
! Mountain. 12 months'. 9<Silc: San Joaquln and I
Southern, 7 months'. S®loc; Foothill and \
-Northern, free, lift 14c; do, defective. 10<£12c
> Middle county. 18©lSc; Humboldt and Mendo
: clno. 16®17c; Nevada, 10©14 c; Eastern Oregon,
lO01Sc; Valley Oregon. 15017 c.
: Jacob Wollner's circular says: "The Wool
market for the two weeks has been rather
disappointing again, only a few choice lots
ol foothill and Nevada Wools being sold ■ It
■ does not seem to be a matter of prices, as some
holder* would make some concessions, but
there are no buyers. The warehouses are full
and Wool continues to come in.
"Eastern markets are reported dull and
! quiet and there has been no movement except
I what was created by some mills having mili
tary contracts and so had to have certain
! kinds of Wool. Still the market is held very
! firm and It can only be a question of time
i when manufacturers will want Wool. Statis
; tically Wool was never in a better 'position, as
the country Is prosperous and orders for light
weight goods, samples of which are now being
opened, will meet a large demand."
HOPS— IS!) 7 crop, 9QI2V.C per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Baps, June-July, 5@
s\4c: Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln. $4 85.
COAL— Wellington. $8^ per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seat
tle. $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
17 50; Cumberland, flO 25 in bulk and $11 50 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Hock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c: Powdered, 6>4c; Dry
Granulated, B%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c: Mag-
I nolia A, sic: Extra C, 5%c: Golden C, 5%c;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California* A. 5%c per
tt>; half-barrels lie more than » barrels, and
boxes %c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hc?s are firm at. the top quotation, and the
demand Is as sharp as ever. Mutton Is firm
and Beef steady.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6%c; second quality,
5%c; third quality, 4@sc per tt>.
VEAL— Large. 4ra. r >c; small, 6®7c per It).
MUTTON— Wethers, 7&@Bc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring, B@B>/4c per tt>.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4%04%C for large. 5«5V4c
for medium and 4<S'4%c for small; stock Hoys,
2@3&c; dressed Hogs. 6\/ 2 (T(£c.
RECEIPTS Os\ PRODUCE.
For Saturday, June 18.
Flour, qr sks ... 2.525 Wine, gals 48.550
Wheat, ctls ..... 3S5 \ Brandy, gals .... 300
I Barley, ctls 585 Middlings, sks .. 20.".
i Corn, ctls ~ 25 Hay, tons 186
i Cheese.. ctls 53, Straw, tons ..... 33
Butter, ctls 412 Wool, bales 257
Tallow, ctls ..... 150 Quicksilver, flsk. 33
Beans, sks 341 Leather, rolls ... 150
I Potatoes, aks ... 2,483 Pelts, bdls 97
Onions, sks 925 Hides, no 1.117
Bran, sks ........ 2.SIR Lime, bbls ...... 81
Eggs, doz 12.560
WASHINGTON-
Flour, qr sks ... 8,942' 8ran, sks 3.400
Wheat, ctls 870; Wool, bales ...... 235 |
.-,;•_ OREGON.
! Flour, qr sks ... 1,0001 Bran, sks ' 520
I Oats, ctls... 37u|Hay; tons ........ 20 I
THE STOCK MARKET.
All mining stocks were lower again yesterday,
and the Comctock Is now selling for a sonij.
A glance at the list of sales tells the story
of the depreciation in values of this famous
lode.
The North Gould & Curry delinquent sale
take* place to-morrow.
On the Bond Exchange there was a fair Sat
urday's business, with an advance In Giant
Powder to J47.
The Mutual Savings Bank has declared a
dividend of Z\ p«-r cent per annum on all de
posits, payable July l.
The Thorpe Mining Company of Calaveras
County has levied an assessment of 2V4 cents
per share, delinquent July IS.
The Consolidated St. Gothard Gold Mining
Company has levied an assessment of 5 cents
I>er share, delinquent July 23.
The Consolidated Colorado Mining Company
has declared a dividend of 14 cents per share,
amounting to |i2o.(Kin, payable July 1.
The Parafllne Paint Company has declared
a quarterly dividend of 25 cents per share,
payable June 29.
The output of ore from the Con. Cal. & Va.
mine last week amounted to 24 tons, of the
average assay value of $31 88 per ton.
The Evansdnle Fruit Company of Tulare
County hr.f levied an assessment of $1 per
shares delinquent July 15.
. The ■\Vatohumna Water Company of Tulare
County has levied an assessment of $10 per
Bhcre, delinquent July 18
The Nancy Hanks Consolidated Mining Com
pany of Nevada County has levied an assess
ment of U4 cents per share, delinquent July
6.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. June IS— 10:30 a. m.
iUd.AsK. Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup.. lll 112 p ac Gas Imp.. S6 87
Is quar reg.,.108 1 jlO'tu Pac L Co — 51
Is quar new.. .124 125 " S F G & E... 87 87ty.
I Miscellaneous— San Fran .... 3 3%
Cal-st Cab 65. 114* — stock Gas .... 13 —
-al El 6s 123 - Insurance—
2 C Wat Es... 98 100 Flrem's Fund. 183 —
Dup-st ex c... — 9SH Bank Stocks—
EL & P 65.. 12S — An«lt)-Cal .... 65 66
F&CI Ry 6a.113H — Bank of Ca1..243 245V4
Geary-st H ss. 94 100 Cal SD v T.. 97 99
HC & S 6&5..100 105 First Nat 202% —
L A L c 6s. - 100 Lon P & A... 125 130
Do gntd 65.. - 103 '.i Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st- 63..126 ■ - Nev Nat 8... .152&160
;Do Ist M 55..113%114 Savings Banks—
£ a X V , 5? Ist - "* Ger s & L..1563 -
x- : £ N Vi R.v.8.103 ■,;-■ Hum S & L.1050 1160
.N Ry Cal .103 -■-;, Mutual Say. - 42V4
N Ry Cal 55..10U4- B F Say U.. - 600
NPC R R 58.101^4 — ' 5& L 50.... — 100
DaU Gas 55... .100 — : Security S B 250 —
Do 2a is 55.. — m Union T Co. looo —
Om ay 65.....125%127V4 Street Rallroad-
I£ & '-> 68.....i05Vi - California ...107 10S
|P&CI Ry 63.109 — Geary ......... 40 —
Powell-st 65...115%120 Market-st .... 53^4 53%
Reno '.VL&L..IOO - | presidio 6" 8%
.Sac Elecßyss.l!»i — I powder— '■'■'-■
I3F &N P 55.105% — California ....125 160
SierraACal 6s. - 103 E Dynamite... H —
? P of Ar 65.. 105 103% Giant Con Co. 46 47',;
|T Cal 6 V" T. m Vigorit ........ 2% 3*
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
|fßr 6s 112% — Al Pac Assn.. 93V4 94
S V Wat 65...11fiV.n7 Gen I A Wks..lin -
S V Wat 45... 101% — Hana P C 0.... lU4 12
stock Gas 65.. — :03 HC & S Co.. 24>i 24^4
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 50Vi 50H
r ontra Costa.. 52 54 Mer Ex Assn. SO —
Marln Co 51) — .Vat Yin C 0 ... — 7
■spring Valley. 90% 99% Oceanic S Co. 5S^4 59
Gas & Electric— Pac A L.... 1% ' 2*4
>nt GasllKht.los — " Pac Bot Co. 101 —
Mutual El Co. — 11 I par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. — 48 I
Morning Session.
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 25
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 21 12V4
50 do do * ..■.■.24 00
75 Spring Valley Water ..99 25
CO Hutchlnson S P Co 50 25
20 Giant Powder Con 46 75.
120 do do 47 00
;
INVESTMENT BOARD.
.?'•.■■ Morning Session.
60 Giant Powder, s 5. 46 37%
50 do do ....*.. 46 50
10 Market-street Ry C 0.................. 63 62V4
' MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 14 1 100.... 25
200 Caledonia ....... 15 1 300 Gould & Curry!. 09
200 Con Cal & Va.. 261500 Utah 03
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
™Alta 02 500 Mexican 10
400 Andes 05 200 09
...... oC2"oOphlr 22
COO Belcher ; 06 200... •>!
300 Best & Belcher." 14 1500 SB & M '" 04
500 Caledonia 15 200 Sierra Nevada.. 55
500 Chollar 07 300 54
200...... 06 300 !".;.;. . v.v.":::::: 53
300 Con Cal & Va.. 27 200 ...... . . 52
300 »*»!..!!;."".""!*;.".*! 50
WJi? ■•-..••.... 26 500 Union Con 15
cro Crown Point .... 07 500 Utah 03
200 Gould & Curry.. 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June 18—12 m.
... Bid. Ask. Bld.Asflc.
Alpha 02 03 Julia — 01
Alta 04 05 Justice — 05
And es 04 06 Kentuck 04 06
Belcher 05 06 1 Lady Wash ... — 02
lienton Con ... 04 — Mexican 09 11
Best & Belcher 14 15 Occidental 60 65
Bullion ......... 02 03 Ophlr 21 22
Caledonia 13 14 Overman 05 06
''hollar 03 07 Potosi OS 09
Challenge Con. 16 IS Savage 04 05
Confidence — 33 Seg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Cal & Va. 26 27 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 51 52
Crown Point .. 06 07 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate .. — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 160 165
Exchequer — 03 Union Con ..... 14 13
Gould & Curry. 08 09 Utah ...' 02 •03
Hale & Norcrs. 72 75 Yellow Jacket. 17 IS
Highest prices of stocks during the week.
Name of Stock. I M. ! T. | W. i T. | F. ! S.
——:1j , 1 , j
Alpha 2! 2! 21 2 31 2
Alt a 7-6 554 4
Andes 5 6 7 5' 5 4
P-plcher 61 6 6 6 5 5
Best & Belcher 16 22 : 20 1 IS 18 14
Bullion 3 3 2 2 2
Caledonia IS 19 19! 16 17 15
Challenge 17 16.... 16 IS 16
Chollnr 9; 11 8 S $ 6
Con. Cal. & Va 33 39 37 37] 35 27
Confidence- I 35.... 35 30....
Crown Point 9: 8 9 7: 7 6
Gould & Curry 10' 16 14; 12 11 9
Hale & Norcross 75: 7S 77 77 78 -75
Justice 5 4
Mexican 11 14 12 12 11 10
Ophir 24 27 28 24 j 24 22
Overman 6 6 5 5 5 5
Occidental 65 67 67; C7I 65 62
Potoßl 12 17 13 10' 9 8
Savage 5 3 6 51 4 5
Seg. Belcher 6|.... 6 4 4 4
Standard 1 £0 1 CO 1 50 1 5011 ."Oil 65
Sierra Nevada 57 fi2 .61 58 62! .'3
Union. IS 21 20 17 17 14
Utah....... 4 5 5.5 4 3
Yellow Jacket.......... 19 19 20 21 1 19] 17
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Clinton and Sarah W. Jones to Hannah
Llebes, lot on N line of Broad wa- 137:6 W of
Fillmnre street, W 2T:G by N 137:fi; $10.
Julias, Jennie. Geor&e and Lena Radston,
Julia Lauter (wife of S. Lauteri. Maurice L.
and Llllte Asher to Edith D. Solomon (single),
lot on S line of Jackson street, 137:6 W of Scott,
W 27:6 by S 127 :^i; $10.
William Cradock to Edward Philips, lot on S
line of McAllister street, 106 E of Broderlck,
B B by S 137:6; $10.
William Doyle to George B. Doyle, lot on E
line of York street, 22.', S of Twenty-second,
8 25 by E 100; $10.
F. L. A. Pioche and Noe Garden Homestead
Union to San Francisco Laundry association,
lot on NE corner of Twenty-sixth and Ellen
streets, N 101:5, E 125, S 00:1, S 67 degrees 45
minutes. W 131 :S; $500.
Charlotte M. Haynes to Hartman H. and
Agnes Tobner, lot c-n E line of Tay street, 71:6
S of Clay. S 22 by E lf>; $10.
Henry Mac Donald to Loretta MacDinnM,
lot on X line of California street. 75 E of Lar
kin. E 25 by X 70; gift.
Carlo UWannetti to Maria Giovannetti, un
divided half of following: Lot on SE line of
Clementina street, 105 SW of Fourth, SW 25 by
SE SO; also lot on N corner of Fourth and Fol
som streets, XE 50 by NW 80; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to I<etitia
X.. Joseph K. and John W. Ryland (executors
estate C. T. Ryland). Emily J. Wilson, San
Francisco and Fresno Land Company, lot on
XW corner Fifteenth (El Dorado) and Caro
lina streets, W 200. X to Eighth street. SE to
Channel, XE to Carolina. S to Fifteenth st; — .
Nathan and Bertha Crocker to L. K. Grimm,
lot on W line of Twenty-seventh avenue. 209
X Of C street. X 26:2 by W 120; $10.
Charlotte Lacy (wife of Harry) to Occidental
Loan Association, lets 339. 401. 403, 405 and
407. Gift Map 2; $10.
Samuel L. Theller to Malvene Gregory, lot
on S line of Highland and SW line of Falcon
streets. W 103:4, S 75. E to Falcon. XW to be
ginning, lots 5 and 7, block 17, Pioche and
Robinson subdivisions, quitclaim deed; $10.
Krlwr.nl M. Price to Ludovica C. Price, all
interest in estate of his mother and bruther;
also furniture, etc.. at 332 Hyde st. : gift.
Giovanni Demartini to Anna Demartlnl, lot
on H corner Islais and Satinda Tract and San
Jose avenue, S 42' i degrees. E 2.37 chains, S
87 ! 4 degrees, E 6.42 chains, S 564 degrees, W
2.5-1 chains. S 67<i degrees, W 1 chain, H 45
degrees, W 5 chains. S r>S»* degrees. W 2.70
chains. S 20 degrees, W 1.55 chains. X 43 de
grees, W 10.33 chains, X 53% degrees, E 4.50
chains, X «f>-"4 degrees, E 6.38 chains. X 46%
degrees. E 2.55 chains, to beginning, contain
ing 12 acres more or less; $2'W.
Alameda County.
E. J. Stewart to J. H. Mathews. lot on W line
of Market street. ."»0 S of Thirty-ninth, S 25 by
W 103.70. Oakland Annex; ?10.
\j. I. Fish to Frances W. Fish, lot on NW
corner of Cameron and Winter streets. N 410:6,
W 873:2, S 210:0, E ISO, S 200. E 723:2 to begin
ning:, being subdivisions 12 and 13, Cameron
Tract, except from SW corner of subdivision 13.
a lot 200 on Summer street by ISO on Cameron,
East Oakland; gift.
Clara .1. Sinter to Jnna E. Sinter, lot on S
line of Mason street, 115 E of San Pablo ave
nue S US, E 50, S 125, E 600, N 125, W 150. N
12.".. W 100 to b^lnninj?. being lots 7, S. 30 to
33, block C, Carrison Tract, Oakland Annex;
$10.
Same to George R. Sinter, lot on XE corner
of San Peblo avenue and Carrison street, E
175 by N 120. being lots 1, 2, 3 and 34, block C.
Carrison Tract, Oakland Annex, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Clara C. Bowen (wife of Henry A.) to J. H.
Meredith, lot on E corner of East Fourteenth
street and Fremont avenue, NE HO by SE 137,
being lots 1 to 4, block B, corrected map of
Linda Rosa Tract, Brooklyn Township, quit
claim deed; $1.
John 11. Mederlth to F. A. Berlin, aam.\
Brooklyn Township; $10.
F. A. Berlin to Mary E. Latham, same.
Fame, Brooklyn Township; $2500*
Ellen Lee Cotton to Anna E. Cotton (wife of
Zelotes A.), lot on X line of Cypress street.
150 E of Third, E 100 by N 100. block 21. new
Map of Woodstock. Alameda; also lot on X line
of Cypress street. 250 E of Third. E 50 by N
100. block 21. same. Alameda; gift.
Lyman C. Parke to Beatrice Parke. lot on W
corner of East Twenty-first street and Sev
enth avenue. NW 180. SE 150. NE ISO to be
ginning, blo^k 12J. Clinton. East Onkland; plft.
William E. and Carrie L. Miles to W. H.
Qulnn, lot on W line of Pan Pablo avenue, 250
S of Delaware street. S ">n by W 136, being lot
10, block 80, Tract H, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association. Berkeley; $10.
W. 11. and Florence A. Quinn to Carrie L.
Miles, lot on W line of San Pablo avenue, 250
S of Delnwar? street. S 50 by W 13T>. being lot
10, block 80, Tract of West Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association, to correct 579,
d. 372. Berkeley: $10.
A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to
Henry H. Davis, lot 4. Klmhurst Park No.. 2,
Brooklyn Township: $I<\
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Sarah X. Morris (owner) with Fred
"Wngner (contractor), architects Salfleld &
Knhlberg. Painting and (training for two 3
story frame bulMlnpß on NW corner of Oc
tavla Ftreet and Walnut avenue, N CO, "W 82:G,
S 27:6. W 5. S 32:6, E 87:6; J9M.
Mrs. Camilla Samson (owner) with Kubs &
Sturz (contraetorE). architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg. Tainting-, pcvllFhlnjj and tinting for a
2-Ftory frame building on N line of Jackson
street. 197:6 E of Pierce, E 40 by N 127:8^4;
$1060.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by ofllclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
JUNE— IB9B.
Sunday, June 19.
Sun rises *:*1
Sun sets 7:3 a
Moon sets Midnight
'Tlmel
[Feet.
5:45| —0.6
6:17, -0.7
G:00 —0.6
[ W
O:1S 6.1
0:59 4.9
1:45 4.61
2:44 4.1|
' 5:05
5:47 ■
6:34j
H \V|
2:45)
3:l1
! 3:40|
I 4:14j
; .
3.4 11.'
- 3.4' 11::
3.3 ....
L \
4.6 7.:
4.7 8:
4.8 9::
0.0; 10:,
11.03
j 11:39
LSI
••■••.■.
j
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the «-arly morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and th<» last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
throe tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
given are additions to the soundings on the
t'nlted Statos Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
orth Fork ,Humboldt
itania Xanaimo
oos Bay Newport
hilkftt Eel River
mplrp Coos Bay
ueen Victoria & Puget Sound
olumbla Portland
Ity of I'uebla . Victoria & Puget Sound
i nifchow ! Departure Bay
nmona I San Diego
m Mateo jComox
rea t a JCoos Bay
resoent City. .;Crescent City
rizaba jHumboidt
atof'allfornia (Port land
niton ;Oreßon Ports
omer I Newport
fru 'China and Japan i
'elllngton JDeparture Bay I
»nta ttosa San Diego I
iptif China and Japan |
'alia Walla... [Victoria & Pueret Sound,
regon Portland |
me 19
me 19
meW
me 20
me 20
me 21
me 21
me 21
me 21
me 22
me 22
me 23
me 23
me 23
me 24
me 24
me 24
me 24
me 2*
me 26
me 26
me2G
me 27
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I
— —
Destination.
Pier.
irlzaba Humboldt
'regon Portland
'matllla ... Vie & Pgt Sd.j
anta Rosa' San Diego.... i
an Juan. . . j Panama
[umboldt ..Ala.«ka
oos Bay. .. I Newport '
hllkat Humboldt I
lorth Fork.^Humboldt
olumbla . . I Portland j
omona , San Diego ]
'ulton ;Oregon Ports, j
upon |Vlc&PgtSd.i
rrata , Coos Bay ]
tate of Cal Portland |
tomer Newport !
June 19, 10 am Pier 9
June 20, 10 am Pier 12
IJune 20, l'l amlPier 9
[June 20. 11 amjPler 11
jjune 20. 12 m'PMSS
June 20. 4 pmiPier 3
June 22. 9 ampler il
|Jun<? 22. 9 am Pier 18
'June 23. 9 amlPler 2
(June 23, 10 ami Pier 12
Uune 24. 11 am Pier 11
jjune 25. 10 am Pier 8
i.June 25. 10 am; Pier 9
:June 25, 10 amiPler 13
jjune 26. 10 amlPirr 12
! June 26, 9 ami Pier 11
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc |
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and |
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the '
office, where complete sets of charts and sull-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. ISHh meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. CaL
A notice stating whether the tlmeball was
dropped on time or giving the error, If any, Is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
ami by the morning papers the following clay.
C. P. WELCH, Ensign. U. S. N., In charge.
TIMEBAL.L.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, June
IS, IR9B.
The tlmeball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of the
12'ith meridian, or exactly S p. m., Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign, V. S. X.. In charge
SHII'PIXG IXTELLItiEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, June 18. j
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson, 20 hours from San '
j Simeon.
j Stmr Newport. Saunders, 20 days from Pan- |
I ama and way ports.
| Ptmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 60f4 hours from j
I San Dlesto and way ports.
Stmr Coquille River Thompson, 50 hours frm
Newport.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 86 hours from
Tacoma. Oakland direct.
Stmr Cleone, Hlggins. 14 hours from Albion, :
via Point Arena 11 hours.
Stmr Newsboy, EUefsen, 22 hours from T'sal.
Schr John A, Hellqulst, 6 days from Eu
reka.
Barbara Heroster, Jensen. 68 hours from
Coqulllp River.
Schr Bessie X, Adler, 22 houra from New
Haven.
CLEARED.
Saturday, June 18.
Br stmr Belglc, Rlnder. Hongkong and Yo
kohama, via Honolulu: O & O S S Co.
Stmr Curacao, Yon Helms, Guaymas, etc;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Shea, Eureka: Goodall, Perk
ins & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, June IS.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro.
Stmr Arcata. R»dd, Coos Bay.
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms. Otiaymas.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockrleth. Crescent City.
I'.t stmr Belpic. Kinder. Hongkong and Yoko- I
hama via Honolulu.
Schr Mar}' Etta, Nyman, Flsks Mill.
Schr Del Norte, .Tncobson. Rogue River.
Schr Gen Banning. Thomas, Mazatlan.
Schr Laura Pike. Johnson. Coos Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June IS— lO p. m.— Weather,
thick; wind calm.
CHARTERS.
The Fitzclarencp loads steel rails at Tacoma
for Japan.
SPOKEN.
Per Barbara Hernster — June 17 off Fish Rock
saw a bnrk bound south. Wind, light, SE.
May 30— Lat 45 S. long 23 W, ship Henry
Falling, from Philadelphia, for San Francisco |
June I— Lat 7 S. long 28 W. Br ship King
Oeorge, from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
May 25— Lat 11 S. long 34 W. Br ship Balas
or" from Hull, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— PaIIed June 18— Stmr Queen for San
Francisco; stmr City of Seattle for
A LlUOX— Arrived June IS— Schr J G Wall, he
June 11.
POINT ARENA- Sailed June IS— Stmr Whits
boro for San Francisco.
BOWEXS LANDING— SaiIed June 18-Schr
Newark for San Francisco.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed June 18— Stmr Alcazar
for Cleone.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 18— Schr Serena Thay- i
er for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June IS— Stmr Sunol
from Eureka. Sailed, berk Virtette for Olym
pla.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 18— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
POUT GAMHLE— Arrived June 18— Bark Car
ondelot. from Santa Rosalia.
Sailed June IS — Rr ship Dudhope, for Callao
TATOOSH— Passed June 17— Br ship Holy
rood, from Mood'-vllle, for Melbourne.
PORT rtLAKEt.EY— Sailed June 18— Schr Ex- '
celslor. for San Francisco.
RE DON DO— Sailed June 18— Schr Alcalde for '
j Everett.
NEW HAVEN— Sailed June IS— Schr Bessie '
X, for SAn Frnnclsco.
TATOOSH— Passed Jne 17— Stmr Walla Walla
hence June 15. for Victoria.
PORT ANGELES— In port June 18— Rr bark
Port Carlisle, from Shanghai; bark Louisiana
hence June 8. for Chemainus; ship Tacoma!
from Nanalmo. for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PT NAZAIRE— SaiIed June 4— Fr bark Jeanne
d'Arc. for .
COLON— Arrived June 17— Stmr Advance fm
| New York.
HAVRE— Arrived June 17— Ger bark Pain
I wan. from Portland.
I KOBE— Arrrtved prior to June 3— Nor stmr
Urd. from Tacoma.
IQriQX-&~Palled April 27-Chll ship Etna
Lutea, for Port Blakeley.
YOKOHAMA-Salled June 17-Stmr Empress
of China, for A ancouver.
VANCOUVER— Arrived June 18— Br stmr Mi
owern, from Sydney.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vln Sausallto Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 1891.
WEEK DAYa -
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »8:00.
•9 :SO. 11:00 a. m. n:46, , »:20. ■ 4:00. 6:15. »««l
6:30 p. m. •. ■/. ' . .
Extra - trips for Ban ,": Rafael on Monday*.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. ; m. , ,
., F Milt Valley and San Rafael— •»:<«.
00 ;.'!: 00 . 11:30 a. m.: 1:00. «1.45. I-.M. .H.-oK
6:30, 8:45 p. In. ■ ■ .-.-.,
11:00 a. m. does not run' to San RafaaL
8:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
, Trains • -rked^™ to^Sa^.Quentln.
7:00 a. m. week days^Cazadero and way nta'na.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. ; week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
■•:■:•. way stations. ■ ! ■-,:■■ ■■.-. . ,
1:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
1:48 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way »t»'B.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
(•lIIHKKN l'A*:iVlC COMMIT.
(I'ACirlO HVBTK.M.)' '
•"."-'..-■" (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) p
7:<>oa Marysnlle, Oroville and Redding tia
Woodlaud .- 8 . 43
T.-OOA Vacarille and Rumsey. .^ ...... .■•■■> »» a '
7i3«a Martin*/, San Ramon, Vallejo. >ap».
Calisuga and Santa K°ea......... ? '«'
8<«»a A Ua,.«c lixprei*. Og;Wn and Kast . 8.«3»-
« :ioa Nile., San Jose. .Stockton. lone.
Sacramento, MaryßTillo, . • Chico.
Tehama and 1 1^"- '""]"]; 4! 1 5p
»i»Oa Peters, M'lton, Oakdale.-..^. ...■••
VtoOA Kew Hrleaiia fipt« M ( l u 'r .»r
o. B.kersnel.l S»nU *«*«*•
].o« Ai.kol.*, U«inii'Z. )l1 laH "' : Oi4!|p
.•^•AVa^^iarH^Xy-SUtiooi ,7:«P
SiOOp LiTermore, Mcndoto. Hanford . and
Li^ori'San Jose! Niies and Way J|O . ls<
F^Y^em^'iiei^'M^ iS > 15 *
4:0«P Mnrtinoz. Han Kiiinon. \al.ejo.
Nap*. CBllßtnga, Xl Verano and JBA
Knntn Uosa ,V"i*
4iOOr Bcnlcia, VaoaTllle, Wood lan a,
Knialits l,ii>i(Hng, M-irysTille, Oro- <1 . 48 i
Title and HMimMMtto ; ••••■ n,
4iB«»p Niles. San Jos«. Tn,cv and Stockton .. 7.i«»?
4 :3«p Stockton. I.o<ll, Oakdale (James- .^ tiil _
town for Yos.-mit- L Merced....... 1»H>»»
4:3»r Lathrop. ModesU). Merced. Bereuda , ;
(Raymond for Yo»emit«), Fresiio,
' MojaTr. Sa:ita Jlarbara and I^)« _
v-V Ant'flrs •••• 7i4SA
4i»«P Santa Fo Roiit«. AtlaiUlo Kxpreaa
for Mojnvo and Kast... S«?
•:0«i- Kiiriinean Mail. Oji'len and Hast.... _»™**
••:OOr Valli-jn ?-. S i-if
6:««r llnrmiriK Nll.nniid Nan .lone «■»»
t?tOOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
Uons :»:■••■» r
8iO«lr Oregon ICx|>r.-«.,Hacrainant.o. Marys-
»ille, Itcl.liiK. l'oitlm.a, 'I'nßet. -
.So.in.l and Kant ■ •• SilS*.
' SAN I.KANI»i;o AM) lIAVWAKIKS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ' ' m
1 MVlrov. Seminary I'ark, 7 -I 1!?*I 1 !?*
giOOA Fitrlibarir, Klmlmnt, 'ti.lVit
» ! "»* S»n l^i.(lrn.So«y«S»n \l\\Zt
ill'.O«A LeiHNirO. B.t««lo, 12:I.-P
ti""ooM ' Lorenzo, Clierrj ■ , tit***
i3i»»p ••"• : J^ 1>
5:0 Op ll»>w«r«lii. tSt-SBp
7««Op < Runs through to Nile*. T«4"»P
J t From Nlles. _l_
COAST IHVIMO.N (.Narrow (iaiige).
, (Foot of Mnrket Street.) --\
17:45 a B»nta Cruz Kxcursion. Raata Crut
and Triucipal Way Stations JS:o3i> •
8:15 a Newark. OeuterTiUe,S«nJwi),Felt9n,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way " -■> -
Stations 5:50*
•lilSr Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Hould«r Creek,
Santa Cniz and Principal Way
Stations 'lfl:M»
4:ISp San Jo?.o, Olenwood k Way Stations , tt:^«.\.
qtil.lp Bouldfr Creek »nd Stuta Crnr. 3U:3»A.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSlN rRHCISW— FooI of Market Street i Sit? I)—
•7:15 9:00 ]1:00*.M. }l:03 *2:00 t3:0O
•4:00 tB:OO •6:COf.M.
turn 0»lU«D-root of "6:00 8:00 10:00 a.
tIS:S3 *l; 00 t2:00 -3:00 t«:00 '5:00 p.m.
' TOAST 111 VISION (itmadli.iHge}. "
(Thinl and TowiiB«iml St-<.) <
•7«OO* Han Jose ami Wh) SUtioim (Now
Alniad.'M Wednesdays only) li 30»
tTiUO.\ Sunday excursion for San Jo»«. •
Santa Cruz, Pacific Gro»e and
.•■.V- ; - Principal Way Stntions J8:33»
•iOOa Wan .l«wo. Ties IMiioh, Ranta Crur.,
l'acliic (Jrove. I'ami Jtublcß, San . ■
],nia <»i.lk|.i>, (>uß(Uli'.|ie, Surf anil
lVlncipul Wny .Stations 4:1 Of
IO:1Oa Sun himl Way Stations, •*:<!«*
ll!:««A San J.-so and Way Stations.. »8:35*
*2:43pSan MatFo, lU.lwooil, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Hun .lose, .
Uilroy, Hollister, Hunt* Cmx,
Salinas, Monterey and racilio
«Jrore •l«:8«4
•t:»Op San Jose and Way Stations •»:(>»*
•<:I»p San Jose ami Princiiral Way Stations »-4r
•8:0«p San Jose auiirrincipal Way Stations 0:351
StSOp Shii. live aii.UVinci|>ftl Way StutitxM . 3:3 l> P
0:3 Op Han Jose ami Way Stations v 7:3«»
«11:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7i:»Oji
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• Humlays exempted. } Sundays only. 1 Satemtnya o".ily
| Sunday and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoo Farts. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN r.AFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. in. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:W
and 11:30 p. m. "' ■ ***,
SUNDAYS— SiOO, 9:30, U:uo a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30»
6:00, 6:20 p. in.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:GO, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:10 p. in. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 8:36 p. in. -
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
1:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzua Par*
same schedule as above.
Leave . . ,- ' ' Arrive • .
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 23, .
Week | Sun- 1898. Sun- | Week
Days. | days. Destination, days. | Days.
~7. 30 am S:CO am Nova to, ~ lo:4U anj| S:4O am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm[ Santa Rosa. f 7:35 pmj C:22 pm
Fulton, ~~ '
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg,
tton,
,;*-; ; Geyserville,
3:30 pm| 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pra
5:30 am Hopl.-ind and 10:2s am
3:30 pm S:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm| 6:22 pni
7:30 am , " " 10:23
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pn»
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' 'i:4O am 5.40~ar5
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:10 pm 6:22 pn
7:30 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10.25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
ferville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, New Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno." Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Bide, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville. Booneville, Orrs Hot Springs, Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets . to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg«
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Cen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent*
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day PuHmnn Palace Sleeping. Car^
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time i
t/eave San Fra.ncisco.4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.FW
Arrive j Denver.. 6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S S.M.TJ
! Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.B.S.M.T
! Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.Yft
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
lit You Travel on the Santa Pat
imi micisco TicKEfoicE— m MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1520.
I Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe — 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO' AND SAN JOAQUIH
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, i»!«>, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. • North-bound.
Passen- Mixed- ' -Mixed I Passen-
ger : Sunday Sta- . . Sunday i ger
Dally. Exc'pt'd tons. Exc'pt'd Daily. •
1 7:20 a m 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 p m 5:40 d m
8:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 ij m
10:40 am 3:60 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 d m
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford ; 7:45 am 1:25 n m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
12:05 pm 7:50 pm \ isalia 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping at Intermediate points required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ot
California Navigation: and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
; p.. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and
: from Snellings. Coultervllle. Ynsemlte etc.;
also with f-tnße from Hornltos. Mnriposa etc:
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
j San Francisco, commencing May I.
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 615 p. m.
tSS^ST^- 9:o °- 10:0b> » : »> a i.. lTis^n*
Roun^ trip from Mill Valley, n
,™° a COOK SON. . AgenuT 621 Mar.et
•trtet. • San Francisco.'
SiSlll per YearBOYS' AND GIRL'S PAGE
THE CUBAN RED ROSE.
ONCE a little boy had a vision. He
was a gentle little boy, but Fate
had called upon him to fill a place
in the history of the world. He
sat in his garden, listening to the
fnncs of birds and the musical plash
ing of waters in basins of sparkling
fountains. A voice aroused him from
a pleasing day dream.
"My child, I am Time," said the
voice, "and I must show you gome pic
tures which are real."
:he boy looked, and behold! There
was a boy who looked like himself;
only the other boy wore a crown on
his head and scores and scores of fine
gentlemen and beautiful ladies bowed
down before him. He was told that
ah army of brave men would fight and
die to protect him; and that wherever
the blue ocean foams around the world
his fame would forever be carried.
Great guns would be fired in his honor
and he would always be a King, and
always petted and happy.
Behold! There was only one boy
now present. The boy who was to be
the King had vanished; but still the
strange person, who said that his name
was Time, stood by and the vision con
tinued. In the foreground was a love
ly palace, which was surrounded by
beautiful gardens, wherein all .flowers
that blossom upon earth were to be
seen. The palace was filled with beau
tiful furniture and beautiful pictures
and the sound of stringed instruments
f singing voices was very pleas
ant.
"Enter," commanded the voice.
So the very little boy went in and
there studied the pictures. One show
ed a man of fine face and figure, stand
ing on the deck of a caraval, or small
ship. He commanded a small fleet of
vale, three in all; and they were
pailiuer over an ocean so wide that It
L to roai-h to the boundary of the
world. Then there was another pic
ture, showing where the same mac, his
face glorious with success, was leading
his followers upon the snowy beach of
a newly discovered land. His sword
was held aloft. Near him was a
standard bearer, holding up his flag.
His comrades were all armed. Near
them stood red men and women, who
wore feathered head dresses and car
ried bows and arrows.
"Indians." said the lad, "and this
must be the discovery of America." So
It was. The little boy looked at pic
tiwes for a while, until he knew of the
adventures of Balboa, who discovered
the Pacific Ocean; of Pizarro and Cor
tes, whose names are on the pages of
history; of those vast American forests
Peopled by red men; finally of the Cali
fornia missions, where the angelus
awoke devotion in the simple minds of
•ng natives of a far off land.
n there were pictures of gTeat
bloody battles upon land and upon
A great fleet of vessels, an ar
!, palled toward a country which
hid cliffs of <-hn!k. The boy closed his
when he hnd spcn the fleet shat
': men clinging to spars; others
ng into the ocean — the great pa
• .ming to wreck and ruin, its
going down into the dark "waves
.that i<er to hide them forever.
• from seeing more," pleaded
the boy. "I tire "f seeing so much of
: »w and trouble."
. how about Glory?" asked the
' 'I know not what that is. Tell me."
Hut the voice only said "that you will
understand better by and by; now go
■ nit into the garden."
i fnce more he played in the cool shad-
Of the trees. Once more the birds
sang for him and once more he was
happy. The scenes of battles and ship
THE LIVELY BUMPKINS ARE PRACTICING AS AN ARTILLERY BATTALION TO GET READY TO FIGHT WITH REAL BIG CANNONS.
wreck were forgotten by him as he ran
gaily about; for children soon forget
sorrows — even their own — when pleas
ure is present. Day after day and
month after month passed merrily by
and he had grown to be quite a large
boy. How kind every one was to him!
How anxious they all were that he
should be strong and wise! What
pretty clothes he had, with a pretty
sword dangling at his side! Surely he
was the happiest and gayest and most
favored boy upon all the great earth!
Surely the boy he had seen in a vision,
and who had been called a king, was
no happier.
Ladies and gentlemen now called
THE GEOMETRICAL BUG.
Cut out the various wings, legs and horns of this bug and rearrange in the
exact shape of a baseball or perfect circle.
himself "king," but that must be in
But one day he was again dreaming
In the garden and he once more heard
the voice of Time saying— "look."
There was that older boy once more —
the real boy king. There he was ploy
ing in this very garden and beside him
walked a beautiful woman, brown of
face, with long, black hair railing In a
mass upon her shapely shoulders, with
sparkling, angry eyes as black as mid
night.
See! She loiters by the way and
plants a rose bush. Look again; she
sobs and waters the bush with her
tears. Her young companion has l^ft
her and his voice is heard inside of the
throne room of the palace. Enter and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
see the real King upon his throne. So
young, and yet a King. He smiles as
the gay ladies and gentlemen pass by
and hand him flowers, which he spor
tively weaves into a wreath for his head.
White and pink roses are there; roses
the color of gold; roses with odors like
the Vale of Cashmere. Brave music
is playing and mirth is unbounded.
But hark! Into the throne room steals
a sound of weeping and the dark eyed
woman sobbing enters. In her hands
are the rarest rose? — with thorns sharp
as swords — that the young King had
ever seen.
"Beware." A strange voice was
heard, but the boy King did not heed.
How thin the dark eyed woman has
grown. She looks starved and weak,
but she holds her roses until the boy
King takes them. The odor makes
him faint. From his head falls his
crown; from his hands tumbles his
scepter. The men and ladies cannot
find them. They are lost! Faded, too,
is the vision. "Was It a vision?
"Who was the boy King?" asks our
little friend of the garden.
"Thou, Alphonse, King of Spain,"
said the voice of Time, piteously.^
"I? I — oh, have mercy; it cannot
be I. But, tell me. what is the deadly
flower that lost the crown and scepter?"
Again the voice answered:
"The blood red rose of Cuba."
D. H. W.
The little four-year-old daughter of a
clergyman, after listening to her father
preach one Sunday morning for quite
a while, finally became restless, and
climbing up on the seat, she exclaimed:
"Come on, pupa, you've said enough;
let's go home!"
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER.
A RACE WITH WOLVES.
WHILE we were in my cabin in
the Sierra, so said Uncle Ben,
the weather grew colder and
colder. The pine trees, cov
ered with icicles, were like
huge Christmas trees, and as the icicles
clinked together the night before
Christmas they made us all think of
jolly old Santa Claus and the bells on
his reindeers. The cold wind piped
merry tunes about our stout old cabin.
"Sure enough," said Tom Nelson, as
he tipped his chair back against the
wall, near the stove, and sighed in com
fort, "this is Christmas eve. Two years
ago I was alone "at night skating on
Lake Superior. Ah! That was the night
1 will never forget."
"No, I should say not," piped in Ed
Martin of Santa Barbara, "that was
the night the wolves chased you."
Uncle Ben coaxed for the story, and
Tom told of an exciting adventure in
which he was an actor.
"I went out skating in the morning,
leaving the village where I had been
stopping for a few days. The day was
clear, I was fond of skating, the ice
was in fine condition, and I had the
promise of fine sport. 1 skated along
easily, mile after mile, enjoying the
scenery, and by noon was at an Indian
village forty 'miles away. There I
talked with the Indians and they asked
me to eat with them. We had nice ven
ison and flsh that they had caught
through the ice and some roasted
ground nuts. The chief's squaw was
a good cook and everything was right
for my palate.
"After eating I could not very well
run away at once, although I was anx
ious to start, f«»r I thought I saw signs
of a snow cloud coming down from the
north. I remained until I had done all
that politeness could require, and then
said that I would go.
" 'Go, no, no,' said the chief and his
squaw at once. 'There ia deep snow
coming, and you will be lost and per
haps fall through the holes fn the Ice
cut by the fishermen and be drowned.
Stay with us until the storm is over.'
'"But I was resolute about going. I
had promised Ed Martin that I would
be back at night so that we might start
bear hunting the next day, and al
though I doubted whether the snow
that was coming might not put an end
to our hunting expedition for the pres
ent, I wished to keep my promise. Be
sides, I was too vain to admit that I
was afraid. The Ice was clear of snow.
The wind was in the right direction to
help me along, and I figured that the
forty miles distance between me and
my destination could be covered in two
hours and a half at the outside.
"All the Indians said had no effect,
and I was off, with their farewells lin
gering In my ears as my skate
6teels slid along the ice smooth
ly. I knew as well as they did
that a storm would come soon,
but believed that it would not prove to
be a serious matter. The wind cut like
a knife and so I rolled my fur cap
closely about my face to protect it
from the frost, as I skated, and kept
well off from shore that I might get
all the help possible from the wind.
Very soon there was a gale blowing and
I was making great headway and was
laughing at the fears expressed by the
Indians, when suddenly the snow began
to fall.
"The snow was so thick that it half
suffocated me, for the wind came at
times in swirls and acted queerly,
pitching the snowflakes into my face
and so showing that it was turning 1 . I
was alarmed at this, for I knew per
fectly well that If the wind should be
against me, blowing at its present
speed, I might not reach home by dark.
Indeed, although it was far from night,
darkness began to fall even now. I
could hardly see the shore. If I lost
sight of that I would have no guide and
might skate off into the cold waters of
the great lake and be drowned, miser
ably, like a rat, in the night.
"There are very few faster orstronger
skaters than I am. although I say it. I
bent to work and soon had the pleasure
of seeing the shore line through the
rapidly falling snowflakes not far
away. But by the time I could see it
the wind had completely turned about
I was not half way home when this
happened. My wisest course would
have been to have turned back toward
the Indian village, but my foolish pride
prevented.
"With the wind dead against me it
was hard work making any progress.
What will not a man do when it. is a
question of life and death? I was only
a boy, but the spirit of a man was mine
then. Keeping as near the shore as
possible I pushed ahead, but often the
gale would bring me to a full stop and
progress was now slow. Looming up
ahead of me in the half darkness was
a high point partly covered with trees.
The point projected into the lake nearly
a mile. An old backwoodsman had a
cabin on the point and I now deter
mined to pass the night there.
"The snow had gathered a little on the
ice, so that I skated along in silence,
not hearing the crisp cutting of the Ice
by the well seasoned steel. Still the
gale kept the snow moving so that I
could skate. The trees on the point
were ghostly and threatening enough
in their dress of snow as I drew near
enough to make them out. But what
was that? I knew the sound well — the
sharp yelping of wolves! They were
coming toward me from the direction
of the point.
"Ail thought of keeping on now left
me. I turned sharply about, skated
boldly out from the shore at the top
of my speed, and letting the wind blow
full upon my back at last headed, as
best I could judge, once more in the
direction of the Indian village. How I
then wished that I had remained in
that village, as the Indians ha 3 ad
vised me! It was too late for regrets.
I knew that my life depended upon
skating rapidly and keeping my feet.
Should I fall the wolves would be upon
me before I could rise, and they would
mercilessly tear me to pieces!
"I could not see the wolves, but knew
that they would never give up the
chase as long as there was any chance
to catch me. They were hungry and
tireless. The only advantage I had
over them consisted in my skates, upon
which I now coasted with the speed of
an Iceboat, for I found that they were
falling behind, and bo held out my
arms from my sides and sailed before
the wind, reserving my strength for
the time when I misrht sorely need it.
"The rascals never despaired. They
struck their gait and 'stayed with it,'
as the phrase goes. Their sharp barks
and longer howls were seldom heard.
They knew that they had a long chase
and doubtless wondered what sort of a
being I was to go so much faster upon
Ice than they could. The darkness grew
thicker. I could see the shore line only
at times: only where the land rose ab
ruptly into high hills. Soon all land
marks were lost, and I knew that I
would not be able to find the Indian
village that night.
"Imagine yourself flying along that
great inland sea in gathering darkness
— the greatest fresh water sea on earth
— with the knowledge that you might at
any second skate over flawy ice. break
through and be drowned, or have the
distressing knowledge that should you
come to lumpy ice you must certainly
fall. I sincerely believe that I went
nearly as fast as one mile per minute
for hours at a time. I fancied that I
heard a booming sound — the billows
breaking in the wintry gal i beyond the
edge of the iee — and my heart stood
still.
"There was land ahead, a high prom
ontory. I must skate out beyond it or
presently be da6hed to pieces on its
rocky soil. As I started to do this the
wolves barked gleefully, and I did not
fail to guess their meaning. While I
was forced to make a detour of several
miles they made a short cut over the
land, so that when I rounded the point
they had gained so much that I thought
that all was over. But once more the
wind helped to give me the advantage,
and the race was resumed.
"But a new danger threatened me.
In spite of myself and the peril by
which I was threatened, I began to be
drowsy. This meant that I was freez
ing. I skated madly, wildly, to make
my chilled blood circulate faster. All
In vain. The drowsiness grew upon me
and I felt an inclination to lie down and
go to sleep. Did the wolves know of
my condition? I think they did, for
they howled oftener. Did you ever see
a vessel without a pilot 'yaw' in a stiff
ibreeze. My legs trembled under me
as the result of the long strain and
excite:nent and I frequently almost lost
control of myself and went off on Ion?
curves, which caused the wolves to gain
once more.
"I thought of hoi c and friends and
wondtred what Ed would think had
become of me. I shouted and the
v.'olves answered me with ferocious
howls. Mile after mile was passed by.
The shore of the lake, when I was able
to catch a glimpse of it, showed that ii
was thickly Wooded and there wa3 no
doubt that the trackless wilderness w?»a
near. My eyes would close; strange
THE VERY BRAVE
LITTLE SOLDIER.
BY FRANCIS LEE LLOYD.
ONCE upon a time there was a lit
tle boy; he wanted to go to war,
but his father would not let him
go.
That night, after everybody had
gone to bed, he put on his clothes and
ran away. Next morning his mother
went into little Jack's room to see if he
was up.
"Where is Jack?" she said.
All this time Jack was riding away on
the cars. Finally he came to the sol
diers' camp and then he went down to
the store and bought some soldiers'
clothes.
Next he went to another store and
bought a sword and gun. Then he went
back to the soldiers' camp and knocked
on the general's tent. The general said:
"Who is there?"
"A little soldier," he replied.
"A little soldier?" the general said.
"Yes," said Jack.
"You can't fight," eaid the general.
"Yes I can," said Jack.
"Well, we will see what you can do,"
said the general.
So after awhile the band began play
ing and out came all the soldiers. The
flags were waving and the men got all
their guns ready to fight. The Span
ish soldiers were coming closer and
closer. And then they began firing.
Jack could hardly hold his gun. So
loading his gun he lay on the ground
and pulling the trigger he blazed away.
It frightened him a little. All this time
the general wondered what he was do
ing, so the general began hunting for
him and found him loading his gun.
He said, "Well, youngster, what are
you doing now?"
THE SAD END
OF A HUNTER.
BY HAMILTON V. BRYAN.
THERE was a boy and his name
was George. He liked to hunt.
One Saturday he took his gun and
went. When he got to the woods
he heard a growl. It was a bear.
The boy was only five feet away. The
bear made a spring at him, but he
jumped to one side and ran. After
he got two or three miles away he
sounds were ringing In my ears. In
sheer desperation I hummed 'Yankee
Doodle,' that being the only tune I
could then remember.
"What a shock I experienced. The
earth seemed to rise up and strike the
Bky. I had a sensation of falling, fail
ing—as if from a great height. Then
came unconsciousness. When I re
covered my senses two Indians wire
beating me vigorously. They were t>:t
chief of the village and his brother.
When I had recognized them I became
once more unconscious and remained
so several hours. The Indians managed
to bring me around. When I was able
to move, which was not until two days
later, they told me their story.
"After I had gone from their village
they started off up the lake to attend
some hsh traps that they had put
through the ice the day before. The
traps were some miles from their vil
lage. They found that they had caught
many fish. When they had gathered
these up and had reset their traps they
were ready to go home. But the wind
was against them and they could go
only slowly.
"They kept close together and were
skating homeward in the storm — no
Indian loses his way — when the chief
heard the howlin- of the wolves that
were chasing me. Directly after I came
flying by. My skates struck a rough
place and threw me high in the air.
The wolves, seeing the two Indians,
turned back and skulked off. In the
darkness, not being very numerous,
without their expected supper.
"The Indians paid all their attention
to me and took me to a cabin five miles
distant, upon the shore, There ',hey
brought me back to life.
"I have seen many exciting races, but
none in which my own stake was so
heavy as that race on Lake Superior
with a pack of wolves."
"Can't you see," said Jack. v
"Have you killed any men?" asked
the general.
"Yes, I did," said Jack.
"We are going to march on and you
can go with us," said the general.
80 all the men shouldered their guns
and on they marched. Finally they
came to the place they wanted. They
staked their tents and the soldiers
rested and took a smoke. Next the men
were getting ready again to fight.
They got behind the trees and fired
away.
Now It is drawing toward night. Poor
Jack had no comfortable bed; but had
to lie on the hard ground.
Next morning they got up and ate
their breakfast of coffee and beans and
dry bread. Not much for poor Jack.
But Jack did not care very much be
cause he was so happy he was a truly
bo Idler.
They had a big battle that day. Jack
killed twelve men. He was so brave
the general made him a lieutenant.
The soldiers all cheered him. That
night he went to bed again. In the
morning he woke up and heard the
band of the enemy way off. Up he
Jumped with his gun and found the
other soldiers waiting for him.
A fierce battle took place. Little Jack
blazed away and killed sixty-one men
and that night the general promoted
him to a captain.
And now he rode on a fine horse and
had a great big gun and sword. The
Spaniards are nearly all killed. The
Americans have beaten in the war and
the men shouldered their guna and
marched for home.
Jack on a big brown horse led the
way to the streets of the town where
Jack lived. The people were on each
side of the street, cheering Captain
Jack, and when he got home his mother
was glad to see him again. Jack was
In the army ever after.
stopped and saw six quails on a branch.
He said, "I am going to shoot them."
He aimed at them and shot two and
the, others flew away. He went home
and found his house was burned down,
so he had no place to sleep, and he had
to lie on the ground and a bear came
along and ate him up.
[NOTE— The author of this story la 7 years
old.]
HARD NUT FOR
BABY TO CRACK.
BY ARTHUR BOSWELL.
Who is my Pop, for gracious sake?
'I'ause when the little sunbeams creep
Into the corner where I sleep.
And tickle me awake,
A man with such a tousled head
Comes every morning to my bed,
And scratches me with his rough beard.
And says, "Hey, oh! now don't be skeered,
You blessed little 'lasses drop,
Don't you know Pop?"
And then there comes another man.
Who has gold glasses and a stud,
And always wears a posey bud.
And looks so spick and span.
And let's me rub his smoovey chin;
But if I don't just coo and grin.
And kick my heels and want to play,
He's almost always sure to say:
"You blessed little 'lasses drop,
Don't you know Pop?"
And then, when night-time's almost here.
And mother has the table set.
And says, "Now, don't be seepy yet,
But wait for Papa dear!"
I hear her saying, with a kiss:
"You poor, dear, tired, old man"— and this
Tired man sits down beside my bed.
And says, just what the other men said:
"You blessed little 'lasses drop,
Don't you know Pop?"
So. while I lie here all day long.
And stretch my arms and kick my feet,
And cry for something more to eat.
And sing a sleepy song,
I think about that tousled man.
And then the one all spick and span,
And then the one so tired and white,
That comes to see me every night
And wonder till my eyelids drop —
Who is my Pop?
3132
CALLED FOR
THEIR PAPA
Painful Scene Enacted
Before Judge Mogan.
A FATHER'S INDIFFERENCE
Q. H. GETTINGS CONVICTED OF
FAILURE TO PROVIDE.
The Woman He Preferred to His
Wife Arrested for Vagrancy
and Released on
Her 0. R.
George H. Getting^, clerk In Kast's
b\\oq store on Market street, was con
vlcted by Judge Jlosan yesterday of
failing to provide for his two young
children, and was ordered to appear
for sentence to-morrow. It came out in
evidence that Getting^ had been for
the pa^t two years living with a woman
1 Hose Finch, at 501 Post street,
and did not contribute a cent for the
support of his children. The Judge
sarcastically remarked that Gettings
might get employment for his two
children and they could support him
instead of the woman.
The two children were in court with
their mother. One is three years of
age and the other two. "When Gettings
appeared the little things run to him,
calling loudly, "Papa, papa," but he
paid no attention to them. Then they
began to cry. and their father's indif
ference to them roused such a feeling
of indignation against him that it
would have been hard upon him if he
had not been under the protection of
the court.
A warrant was at once sworn out for
the arrest of the woman Finch on a
charge of vagrancy, and Bhe was ar
rested at her room on Post street by Of
flcer Coleman of the Pacific Coast So
clety for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children, which has been looking after
the ease. Judge Mogan fixed her bonds
at $500.
In the woman's case an example was
Bhown of how the Police Court attor
neys have arranged to defeat the order
prohibiting them from entering the
City Prison unless sent for by a prison
er. The woman had retained Attorneys
Wilson and Sweeney to defend her, but
Attorney Martin yuinlan learned that
she had been arrested. He called at
the prison and represented that the
woman's friends had sent him to see
her. He was refused admittance, but,
nothing daunted, he went to police
headquarters and got a permit to see
her. Armed with the permit he went
back to the prison and was admitted.
The woman told him that -she had en
i Wilson and Sweeney, but Quin
lan pleased her by displaying an order
for her release upon her own recog
nizance signed by Judge Conlan, al
though Judge Mogan, who was familiar
with the facts in the case, had fixed her
bonds in (500. The prison officials could
not overlook the order and the woman
left the prison with Quinlan, believing,
us she later said, that Quinlan, whom
she did not know, was acting for her
attorneys. Just what Qulnlan's object
was in petting the woman out on her
own recognisance is not quite clear,
but it plainly shows that unless the Po
lice Judges support the police in put
ting a Stop to the disreputable tactics
that made the order imperative for the
protection of prisoners it will soon be
come a dead letter.
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CITY CHURCHES
* .
•if First Baptist, Eddy street, near Jones.
*
J
■it- German Baptist, Seventeenth and Dolores.
*
*
* Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
* Steiner.
•x St. Agnes Church, west side of Masonic
* avenue, between Page and Oak streets.
y ,
* St Charles Borromeo. Eighteenth and
* Shotwell streets.
* St. Brendan's, Fremont and Harrison
* streets.
*
-a- St. Brlgid's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
■if way.
* Church of Corpus Chrlsti, Alemany and
* Croke street*.
*
* St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
* streets.
*
•if Holy Cross. Scott and Eddy streets.
* St. Dominic's, Stelner and Bush streets.
*
* St. Francis. Vallejo street and Montgomery
* avenue.
* All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street.
*
* St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
if street.
■if St. James, Twenty-third and Guerrero
■if streets.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
Rev. E. A. Woods
Rev. H. L. Dietz
Rev. William P. Klrby
Father P. J. Cummins
Father Nugent
Father Cottle
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening—
S>?rnic_'n and religious instruction.
Morning— High mass and sermon by the
pastor. Evening — Vespers.
lorning"— The Voice From the Cloud."
12:30 p. m— Sunday school. 6:30 p. m. —
Galilee Mission. Evening— "Cuba and Her
Great Missionary."
[orning— "Worship and Preaching." Even-
ing— "Sun and Shield."
[orning— High mass and sermon at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Vespers, sermon and
benediction.
vespers.
•mon on the gospel of the day.
espers and benediction.
mass. Evening— Sermon and
Saleslan Fathers
-Dedication ceremony at 10 o'clock
'hbishup Rlorilan. Afternoon— 4
Vespers, benediction and sermon.
p. m. —
Father Cummlngs
mass and sermon on the
ing — Benediction, vespers
Father McGinty
Morning— High mass.
Evening— Vespers.
Father J. Pious
gh mass and Sunday school.
Vspers.
Father Carraher
erh mass and sermon on the
snlng— Vespers and benediction.
Father P. A. Foley
[orning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers, sermon and benediction.
Jesuit Fathers
\ ''",■-
lorning— "This Man Recelveth Sinners."
Evening— Sermon by Rev. Father Hlckey.
Father P. R. Lynch
[orninK^High mass and sermon. Evening
— Benediction.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P. Scanlan
mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing-
St. Man's Cathedral. Van
end O'Farrall street.
Ness
Father Prendergast. V. O
-High mass and sermon. Evening
-s, sermon and benedtclon.
St. Mary's, California and Dupont
Paullst Fathers
[orning— Sermon at 11 a. m. by Rev.
Father Nounan. Evening — Sermon, ves-
pers and benediction.
St. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
K— High mass at 10:80 o'clock, fol-
by a sermon on the Gospel. Even-
vespers at 7:30 o'clock.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Father Connolly ,
' ai
mass at 10:30
* St. Peter and Pauls, Filbert atd. Du
«- streets.
* St. Peter's. Alabama street. Dear Twe
ft fourth.
* ____. ____»_ _, .^____««_«.._
* St. Rose, Branaan street, near Fourth.
* ■
♦
* Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue, near F
-v Loboe.
*
I
Saleslan Fathers
Secular Clergy
Father Nupent
'espers.
r-Si'rmon on the Gospel and high
at 11 o'clock. Evening-— Vespers,
Iction and sermon.
■Vespers.
at 10:30 o'clock.
Evening
mass
Coyle
,
by Arnhbisl:
and sermon
r— High mass. 4 p. m.— Confirmation
nhbishop Rlordan. Evening — Vespers
>rmon by the pastor.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte
Father Browne
!lgh mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ors.
Ing—
ens.
Our Lady of Victories. Bush street.
Stockton.
Marlat Fathers
after 9 o'clock
mass. Evening
must;. 10:30
V(-.sp P rs and
Camp Merr'.tt. Old
Track.
Bay District Rac
Catholic Truth Society
lornlns— The solemnization of military
mass at 7:30 o'clock and at 10:30 o'clock.
Evening— ltoaary and Instruction at 7:30
o'clock.
Kim Christian.
streete.
Mission
and
Rev. F. S. Ford
"The Fruition of Faith." Even-
mon by Chaplain Williams of the
wa Volunteers.
West Side Christian, Bush street.
Devlcadero.
Rev. W. A. Gardner
Ing— "Profit and Lobs." Evening—
dren's Day exorcises and sermon on
subject of "Family Relations."
Bethany Congregational. Twenty-flfth
llartlett streets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
Professor George
on by Professor R.
• . • ■ ■-.;: ': •-
Bethlehem Congregational. Vermont
nenr Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
ng— "From the Top of the Rocks I
Him and From the Hills I Behold
1 Evening— "For Zion's Sake Will I
Hold My Peace."
-* Richmond Congregational, Seventh av
* and Clement street.
• vV- "
■it Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth
* Noo streets.
jJL , mm , i , ____
■Sv- First Congregational, Post and Mason
Rev.
*. Coomb©
"Seeing Him Who Is Invisible. "
—"What We Have Gained by the
Rev. H. T. Shepard
Day exercises. Evening
ijfious Reform."
Rev. O. C. Adams
[orning— 11 a. m.. special services and ser-
mon. Evening— Sermon and prayerreading.
# Third Congregational, Fifteenth street, r
•v illusion. •
it ____ mm t i . i .
■* Plymouth Consroaatlunal, Post »tr«<»t, i
* Webster.
*f, ; Ji4||>i"
# Good Kutnaritan Jliuoion, J Second «tr
# near Folaout. ,
■ - . ■ -■ • • ■..■."
Rev. William Rader
R«v. F. B. Cherington
Rov. W. I. Kip Jr ~
Rev. William Rader
... .. x
"The Budding Rod," by the pas-
enlng— "A Vacation in the East."
tor.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton
by the pastor. Evening
and sermon.
I and prayer study. Even-
ice.
. ■ ,^^::-^f: : ryc, ::^ :: t^:^B : -
>. .-,..'.. .-- . -
■
» — o
'-
i >i
warn
■ - ■ . - - .
i
'
: ■ . " • * - ■■■...' ■'.
4
#
6 HALES.
t the goods are only as good as they look." If our ■ . i
*-*" prices are all right won't you take the hint and In Mof/Ofl DeD t il sle . Ram S/IOrO
i ,# D Fourth O L I examine these goods as advertised here. They're " V """ -;?" NN ° ' 1 °"* '"' * UU ' H
In tuß baZaar Ais/e O a. HI. Sharp good and they're priced right. Little things, so clean and
f* i^h c^^i onH «ti . ■ -• • new, at smaller prices than
Stamps T?nwLe n " The g °° dS xua adVeftiSe « ilio gOOdS n/o coll" yor^verTead 1 * ST'tS^T,"
■ liiw guuub We aUVcuisc die we goods W6 Sell. you ever read of hef nr>p ! t
____^_^ »/| SIIS — —„ U • ' Knitting Silk, 83 yards to the spool 2c T'^Kl^.
IVllllinCrV nOSierV *• Basket Beads, gold and white, per bunch. ..2c 1 aDIC
FRY PAINS 1 "iinuiVl^, ,llUaiCl)'i 100 lbs German Knitting Yarn, per hank.. ..lSe _ **"»^
fSize 71 8J %101112 13 inches Aisle No_J^ Center. Aisle No^ Center. I&bSS S Covers.
Price;;;;;;;;;; isc 15C 17c 22c 2.60 28c soc each in s^ o^^ itt^^ i{^ IserOpm ° X -" :
■ Preserving Kettle- Lipped Saucepan. ._. ers '"" — Each ribbed, high-spliced heels, double 2^ — match tints ." L " DEea *" "«?" h ■
Preservmg Kettle- r, <« Lipp e< l Sa UCep an . /_O-^^ Fancy , Dress ' Hata.-^Tly trimmed $000 BOl ° - d tOeS Pa * — „ . „_ M^nche« Tinted Deulm Table Covers.
41 5i 6\ 8 10 Quart rettnned and Stamped /#_^X^^ in velvet chiffon, flowers, fancy «I>O CUShlOn TODS , square (easy size to ask f0r).....
ne o4 ort nif An. r? l MBmtM *^^^ _7;'J n B an d Quill pon-pone Each • VllaHlUll ,1 tIUS. ./„ -.:• „ 25 c each
250 27C 29C 35c 40C Each 4 -qt..100 ■ Kagy^^JSS !^ nKm "" Isles' p Egyptian Cotton v , in white and ecru. Unted with auLnl Oc _
8-quart Enameled D.shpan 30c 6-qt. .13c S;^^^^sL SI «t«c, « Facli ~^-"° Sbr ,« 3»'a_i^...fr*^...~ * _«_ pjHow
14-quart Enameled Dishpan. 340 8-at . . 19c ■ .^W^B^ 2S*_ *'* W l 0 *'•'•' EaCD « wlth Imitation lace trimmed neck lOC — a lOW
14-quart Enameled uisnpan. 2J40 t»M»..i»o .. .^r^^^ and armlets Each . cri*
Enameled Steel Wash Basin- All sizes Enameled /^S^O_V>S_ ~~ BagS. stamped Md Ruffled Infants piUo _
11 inches lOC 12 inches. .15C p ie p lates . _••. 7c /^^^ # "-O/i^S^ Lidlw- Plm Fn-ntlan Vp,» Wrh SSor Or-ontal design. ISx36 inches, a charm- *7tZ(> B^"^"^^^£gSig|
P'e Plates 7c //^oSs^ "ft*****\ iol'\^ls K^i R l^\^ h T^t o si^ our^™ of colors> tassels on the *?& ° ne3> richly embroi<ie^ 75c »h
Enameled Steel Dippers- , . >7 _7^^^^S^>CS^_ &s & " "o^^..^ 2 faS "^ _Z Each " ~
2-quart... lso 3-quart. . .18c Retinned Stamped # fe b /g^^^si^^Sw woo/ T owe, King,;  Patriotic \
Enameled Steel Coffee or Tea Pot- D.shpans- If M //^^^U^E^S^ J^*^\ "" "" * Cushion
U-quart 2-quart 3-quart 5-quart 8-qt . . 10c // toaL $6 f'W ft, *// 7/ t»\_ /iC \\ ft I C r^.ra^
160 20c 35c 45c io-qt..i4c I n>r ter M £°« eL II /fT _, ?\\ 3 Covers.
Galvanized Water Pail- *svj*5 vj* /4> M ff fflW > IrT ~ °T? ■** ~ "J^^"-* *
10-quart 10c i7-qt..iBc ■ W J%> / // M Celebrated _ .~"
Retinned.cu,,ender- Enameled Steel N^fW j^ WM^f! California Stamped , ■
'0-inch --::v 100 DeepPuddingPan- # A>^ /*" Vi I // DovlieS. UUCK
There's power in prices, but you'll be 3_ qt iQc // /&*t lrs 0& /I consisting of i large Articles.
better satisfied-more surprised— when 5-qt.:i2c —  • // <£>** j£l iSS^TSSi d^& comb and ■ B?uTcies en ... C ?!°!":! «
you See this Agateware. . ■ 6-qt,.isc N ew Wash Goods. Children's Yaca- ivty-Q Qf**?* 9 Wf blueej^anTpink^ wh^B^m^Tders.'." v.v.v:;.'. •:."'.v:::^:|S
* . ft . tl $9-n ** ■ mi Wr Co* Double Parasol HoYders".*.'.'.'.*.'.'.'.'.*.". !'.'.!! l
_■■.. ■ _ In our Domestic Department— Aisle No. 3. tion Hose fnr 14 An $4/ _ MW id^ * l " 2 Pocket Shoe Cases .... 100
Domestic Department, isle No. 3. _ hod nose or |V^%s# _ . 4 ' pocket - ao ° c " pocket> 25c 8 -^ ket - 85 °
9000 yards of Scotch Oxfords 5c per yard * m yards ** ppets an^organdies Oo / • l^. u T.Jyr Linen Ladies'
At S o'clock sharp on Monday morning: we shall place on sale a new wash 2700 yards New Orsrandie*. in extremely Medium weight and ' -~^^Jr Wr^-irWa.c* ■■« m« -»
fabric of the Ducking family; bias plaids In swell «ffi-cts. smooth, round threads. rich yet small patterns lliViC narr o w - ribbed W'~ ' "~ J^^~ UOVIIcS. HII X TC
hard twisted, tightly woven; elegant as to look, perfect in wear; almost as heavy double knee spliced' -^mt^jjjujj^  *»*j» II VI IV la
SUff"*W.a (- 252- S_fS^l^Sil^^_^_l^^^_^ Shirting Perches. « width, light ground, Slack «J t^fJsT sto 9%. Pair' 5C Unlon 5-.nch round scooped. 1 " each »_*! H^titc^^r^r MS?*
suy. Come early and see this new fabric. figures and stripes 3Hc DlacK ana seamless Pair «_»W 6-inch, l%c each. 8%-lnch. 5c each and Hemstitched Border ' Handker-
. f 7-inch Round F " n e a Momie Linen Doy- few among them with slight imper- lf\n
*■■ Turkish Towels, unbleached. 22x45 Inches. t '-,- lies 8 A->>c each fections; worth 25c each in the aver- IUO
it /I . ■'•■■ Ml* # I tMi'll f\ m II I * heavy, foot woven selvage 12 l ; c Ladles' Vacation Hose, good for coun- |A/> • age. They go Monday for Eacll
In/hrtr n Mir* ISCXI Will Hllli rtr tSrtlQ O tr >' wear, fast black and seamless, lW*- —^ -V
wnat a iv/CKe/ win Buy ax naie s. Cotton DBIB _ lk Bleacned 68 lncheBWlde . Epliced heei - -««. -oi. and to« - : pair Duck : —
In the Bazaar-Aisle No. 4-Down 8 damask patterns.. __ 10c . LadlCS* *
900 HPmmrf <ihPM, 7?xort hipnrh^ •>* y, Ladies' Fine Egjptlan Cotton Vest. L/OylieS. L-CIUIC& .
ST^S I ,^ C F^urS-rate r J^S^rSg _ST« to use. ""h^S?^SSd »_n»..!^4oc 12| C Hl** s^ 'stamped, with S i,k to work BOWS.
iia.ii .nept. iv men i ocoanui Grater> sheets Shelf Paoer 600 Hemstitched Blelc^d Pe Q «bt Sheets, and armlets, colors white and ecru. ' Each =. Sc each 100 do^en Silk Band and Shield Bows. |O^
2 Kiajnond ire Egg M hip. China T.~,tht.ick Holder 600 Hemstitched Bleached Peq«ot Sheets, 100 dozen Silk Band and Shield Bows, IA«
Package "Rising Sun" Stove Polish. Decorated Blue and Gold Preserve Dish. 2-inch hem, hand torn— _ all the latest effects in Japanese silk IvrV*
The Housewife's Friend, "A Polishing Glove." Rolling-pin with revolving handle. , Full size, double bed.... «5c trips' Vtrirr.t{<,r, nn n *>r,~ tt^.^ o .. I fUltlflfV "•"■ Each
5-inch "Wire Jelly Strainer. Can. 1 dozen Lead Pencils. and Envelopes. For three-quarter bed ..55c low nJk^n^lm™ k"' 0 ", Sul l B ' 25C aU " ary —
1-quart Extra Strong Milk Can. Box Good. Writing Paper and Envelopes. For single bed 45c i« W v^tinJ? n^. h,?t/ nn length. QPt r _. — — ■_ «-"
i£hs&_« Pan. wsKssi feblet Large white Crochet Spreads (hemmed)... OOc |S| Jf|^f^|p Bags. Npw
9-inch Dread lan. 2-ounce Bottle Vaseline. — ! Stamped V hlte Duck- , ™™
6-hnle Muffin Tin. 2 Cakes Toilet Soap. Stl ? f S Wh!te 11 - _ mr ...
Good Serviceable Shoebrush. Large Sponge. _ • • ti*'~l2X !c Vl^lllrlO*
1 box Mason s Shoe Blacking. 8-inch Curling Iron. f| (T| AHA All AIA AM r A "V ■■ '* I ; I Mi I (tinted) 33c VCIISII^. . .
siisSF- \z®§&g-r 937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St. lilillii^ "m^^mßß ioc'
X - gOc navy y ard
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 19, 1898.
6 HALES.
6 HALES.
Grace Episcopal Church. California
Stockton streets.
Rev. R. C. Foute
>n by the pastor.
Instruction.
Evening
— Sermon a
of the Advent, Eleventh street.
Rev. J. A. Emery
Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
t. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and
street.
R..V. W. H. Moreland
lornlng— Communion at 8 o'clock; Sunday
school at 9:30 o'clock and morning prayer
by the rector at 11 o'clock. Evening— Ser-
mon.
Cornelius Chapel, Prestdio
Rev. D. O. Kelley
services for the soldiers.
n and religious exercises.
t. John's, Fifteenth street and Julian
nue.
Rev. E. B. Spaldlne
il
lor
devotions and sermon,
n and song service.
t. Mary the Virgin, Union and
streets.
Rev. H. Parrish
on service and sermon,
and instruction.
Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
rt streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
lornlng— Communion
religious exercises,
sermon.
i service and special
Evening— Prayer and
t. Paul's Episcopal, California street,
tween PlHmore and Stelner.
Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly
Morning— Sermon and communion service
Evening— Sermon.
7:30 o'
Evangelical Emmanuel
and Stevenson streets.
Rev. F. W. Fischer
lorning— "The Believer's Death Dav Bet-
ter Than His Birthday." Evening— "Se-
cret Discipleehlp."
Lutheran, Geary street,
Rev. E.
lornlng— 9:45 o'clock. Children's service- 11
o'clock, "Looking for Another Christ." by
O. II. Orover of Stockton. Evening— "The
Departure of the Second Philippine Ex-
pedition."
African M. E., Powell street.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
"Daniel Informed of the Time "
— "Assurance and Patience."
Methodist,
Mission stro>t.
Rev. C. E. Locke
[orning— "Unbroken Alabaster Boxes "
Evening— 'The Sublime Privilege of Liv-
ing To-day."
Irst M. E. Church, Powell and
ton streets.
Rev. W. S. Urmy
•Sermon and Bible Instruction.
; — Sermon by the pastor.
'iftet-nth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce
[orning— Sermon. Evening— Bible instruc-
tion and sermon.
M. E., Twenty-first and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard
at 11 o'clock by the pas-
tor.
Street M. E., Howard street.
Rev. J. A. B.
and religious Instruction.
'otrero M.
Btreets.
E..
Tennessee and
Rev. D. W. Chiloon
ion by the pastor. Evening
the recital of prayer.
Methodist, Fourth avenue
street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
Morning— Sunday school will be held at
417% Fifth avenue.
lmpson Memorial, Hayes and
streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
Bermon bv tha rector. Evening—
i Instruction and prayer.
Street Presbyterian, Vallejo
i streets.
Rev. D. James
by the rector. Evening-
Presbyterian, Geary and
Rev. J. Hemphlll
sermon at 11 o'clock
us instruction.
Presbyterian, Van Ness avenue
amento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
Evening— Sermon
and
instruction.
Eighteenth
Rev. H. N. Bevier
avenue.
Corning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing— Sermon.
Harrison street.
Rev, F. A. Doane
[orning— Sabbath school at 9-20 o'clock
Evening-Religious exercises of Christian
En.leavorers. followed by divine service
Presbyterian Church, corner
iker streets.
Rev. F. R. Farrand
by the pastor. Evening-
Sermon.
tewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
R«v. W. E. Dugan
nlng— "The Forward Look." " **»*»*-
oung Men." '
:y Presbyterian, Twenty-second
p streets.
Rev. A. M. Carson
»rmon by tha rector. Evenine—
instruction. B
I'estminster Presbyterian, Page and i
eter streets.
ir"elsh Prenbyterlan, Cumbrian Hall,
Mission street.
Rev. S. S. Cryor ;
Iren's Day celebration. Even-
by the rector.
Welsh Fraternity
Wc'ST^^Slr 1 -. E ™W-Special
"irst United Presbyterian,
avf-nue and Polk street.
Golden
Rev. M. M. Gibson
instruction at 11 o'clock.
'irst Unitarian,
Btreets.
Franklin
and
Rev. H. Stebblns
jMorning-Sunday school a*t )0, fcj lowed" by
n-Ugious service at 11 o'clock.
eeond Unitarian,
streets.
Twentieth and
Rev. J. A. Wells
by the rector and Sabbath
tUBh Street Temple,
Btreets.
Bush and
Rabbi Myers
exercises and address by
'irst Church of Christ, Scientist
ter street.
The Bible, Science and Health, with Key
to the Scriptures
Science Bible LessonT
'he First Divine Science Church,
street, between Geary and Post.
M. E. Cramer
sermon and religious ex-
.nized Church of Jesus Christ, 3
street.
Rev. C. A. Parkin
"What Is Man?" Evening— Ser- ■
George S. Lincoln.
M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton ;
p - jn-— Address by Dr. F. B. Cherlngton ■
on Guru a Righteous Cause." Patriotic ■
solo by Mrs. J. W. Madden and special •
Instrumental music
' ' " . . •:• »
;. Alban'a Church, 102 O'Farrell street. I Kev. E. J. ©. Van Deerlin
j
ing— Matlr
'clock.
nq, Eucharist and Mrmon at ■
.. i
6 HALES.
6 HALES.
CLAIMS HE WAS BUNKOED.
H. C. Cutler From Tahiti Loses a Lot
of Chilean Dollars.
H. C. Cutler, a visitor from Tahiti,
called at police headquarters yesterday
morning and stated that he was sick and
had not been able to eat anything for five
days. As he acted queerly Corporal Gei
mann took him to the Receiving Hospital.
Chief Steward Bucher gave him some
medicine, and to him he said that he had
been living at the International- Hotel
Last Wednesday he gave a man a lot of
Chilean silver dollars to exchange for
American money and since then he had
not seen the man, who was a stranger to
him. He had been left penniless. After
resting for a while in the hospital he went
away.
It is said in Federal circles that charge*
will soon bo made against the old "Brick"
McPherson gang for working opium
bunko schemes at various hotels. Though
the importation of opium has lessened, it
is said that there is still a pretense that
opium is imported and that some well
known lawyers and business men have
l-Hon caught by the old McPherson crowd
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
•♦♦♦♦♦♦^♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦«
"♦" 4.
4. "THE CREDIT HOUSE." Tj
+- Six Stories High.' T!
4.
* ££ r<^ :
♦ JCtv J* I ♦
4. —^ — * ~~^ft +-
X £• s^-^ft *
■f ': '■'% |b| Wliij^HV^*^^^^^! >
4. '«s— -* 4.
You summer clothes, 4.
4. why not a summer bed? +
♦ Metal bed, white enamel, X
+ brass trimmings.. $2.75 4-
!4. '-- • "~V
Mahogany Parlor Chair, fancy frame +
"*■ back, full spring seat, upholstered in 4.
•♦■ tapestry, Gobelin weave $2.50 ■+.
■♦" China Closets are as essential to 4.
•♦■ dining-rooms as bureaus to bedrooms; .4.
+ variety of styles, in several woods' "£
4. plain or ornamental ; different prices' "♦"
4. Oak China Closet, neatly carved, 5 feet +
4. high, lockable glass door $10.50 +
4. Parlor Table, 24-mch top, hand'pol- >
. ished, fancy shelf, twisted legs brass +
4. claw feet $1.65 +
+ '+
4- Carpet Department, f
X Wilton Rugs,: 9x12- feet; last for >
years and years; beautiful Oriental pat- I
terns, and rugs are used more now I
[ than ever before.... $15 . 75 +
4. Coquette Rugs, 36x72 inches... T
4. • ..."... co og "*^
+ h Our fall stock of Car P et7is"arrTv'ing. f
hundreds of patterns, almost eve^r 1
kind made. ' -f
♦ - _ ■ : +
X an^Berktley!^ ln ' Oak land. Alameda ♦
X M.FRIEDMAN & CO. -X
X / 233-235=237 Post Street. ?>■
4. Open Evening. Near Stockton "*"
6 HALES.
The Old McPherson Gan?.