The San Francisco Call
holiday edition
BECEMBER l»L/ll»982
Ten Christmas Sermons
DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST,
IT is remarkable that while the Scriptures give to us a distinct recital of
the infancy of Jesus and make no attempt to disguise the fact that he
v.as an infant with the veritable helplessness incident to such condition,
yet it is not the littleness of the babe that arrests the Scripture's atten
tion, nor the meaningless frailty of the babe that those Scriptures under
score. Neither Mark nor John has anything to say of an infant Jesus, and
the other evangelists treat his infancy only as an incident, and portray it
In a way intended to draw the whole consciousness of the reader off from
the mere boyish features of the situation and to center that consciousness
upon the wonderfulness, the kindliness and divineness of the being who
passed through the gateway of infancy only because that was the sole
means of becoming perfectly man.
The evangelists were not interested In Jesus because he was little, nor
drawn toward him in sympathy because he was helpless, but already dealt
•with him reverently because he was king and worshiped him because he
was Christ, the Lord.
No stringed instrument was ever constructed in such perfection that it
would not flat by use, and, however much we may say of that still finer
instrument we call the human conscience, that, too, flats by use. It is for
ever sagging below the key to which it is naturally pitched, and requiring
the Christmas love and awakening to stiffen it up again. We learn during
the year to do wrong without feeling the wrong of it, and that means that
our deeds are likely to determine our conscience rather more than our con
science to determine our deeds. Men never trust their watches when they
are out of order. But many men habitually trust their consciences when
they are out of order, and do not even take care to celebrate Christmas In
the Chrlstlikc sense in order that they may set their consciences right again.
ThetiQ is a great deal of love in the world, and its amount is increased
by the tokens which it annually makes of itself, exactly as river beds are
deepened by the very currents which slip over them and plow their way
through them. But just as it is a fact that in the middle of the day we for
get the sun because the light which it sheds fills the world so fuU of
brightness as to chase from our minds thoughts of the sun itself that the
brightness springs from, so are Christmas days crowded with the inter
change of love tokens that it is surprisingly easy, right at Christmas, to
forget him whose presence in the world for eighteen hundred years has done
so much to soften human hearts. My message on this Christmas, so near
to the end of the century, is to remember Jesus even at this season as the
Christ and King and not as the Bethlehem infant, to key our consciences
each recurring Christmas and oftener by his precepts, and not to forget,
least of all at Christmas time, to try to foster a love for one who first of
all loved us.
"Behold, I bring
you tidings of great
joy. ' ' — St. Luke
iuio.
W. H. MORELAND,
B shoo Saciamon'o
Diocese, P. E. Church.
THERE is a tendency at Christ
mas to dwell upon externals and
to miss the true, deep meaning
of the day. We look upon it a3 a
holiday, as a time for giving
and receiving presents. Christmas is
the great festival of the home, and 'n
this aspect it is observed by Jews and
non-believers and thousands of others
besides Christians. This 8 one of the
indirect and beneficent effects of Christ
mas—that it leavens the entire commu
nity -with the spirit of love and good
will. You see the throngs upon the
streets, the cruf" in the great stores,
the people planning glad surprises for
one another, and bearing mysterious
parcels whose unwrapping la to bring
a glow of joy into some fellow-crea
ture's heart, or cause the merry shouts
of children to rise on Christmas morn
ing. Multitudes are blessed by Christ
mas who are not yet ready to acknowl
edge Him from whom all the blessings
come. There is this danger: To be ab
sorbed in the outward splendor and
merrymaking of Christmas and
not to penetrate to the great truth
which gives an eternal meaning to all
the festivities of this day.
Also, when "c think of it as a relig
ious festival our thoughts are occupied
with its externals. We picture the
manger and the Virgin mother; we sing
of the angels and the shepherds watch
ing their flocks by night. We join in
the hymns or listen to the great Christ
mas anthem and say "How sweet!
How beautiful!" and pay little heed
to the meaning of the words we use.
Now, leaving externals alone, going
down deeper than Christmas trees and
musi£ and present-making and home
reunions and grand anthems, what is
the great truth of Christmas?
It is the incarnation. We stand face
to face with thit. sublime fact that the
Word was made flesh and dwelt among
us. Man had known something about
God; by the incarnation he knew God.
In the incarnation God himself came
and dwelt with man. God revealed
himself to man in the person of Jesus
Christ. •  .
Look upon the infant Jesus cradled
in the Virgin's arms. He is the link
between earth and heaven. In him God
and man are joined in one.
This is the meaning of Christmas.
Did not the angels rightly call it "glad
tidings of great joy"? Hear the good
news. then. Listen to the glad tidings!
You are the child of God; you are not
left to perish here in this world of
death and sin. You are destined for
immortality. Carry the news to the
heartsick and the suffering.
Christmas also means that God has
spoken. His tone and final word has
been uttered in Jesus Christ. Is not
this great news? From the beginning
God has been revealing himself to
man as fast as man could receive him.
All truth is from God. as all light is
from the sun. He spoke through Con
fucius. Socrates, Zoroaster, in broken
utterances. Now he has uttered him
self once for all in his son. Every
word and deed of Josus Christ is the
infallible revelation of the eternal God.
Therefore we cry "Good news'." The
tabernacle of God is with men. Good
news! God is saving the world and
blessing men whether they acknowl
edge him or not. Good news! God has
not left any soul in perfect darkness.
Good news! God is light, God is life,
God is "love. Good news!
God's in his heaven—
Ail's right with the world.
• • •
" Glow to God in
the highest and on
earth peace, good
viill toward men."
Luke, n: 14.
REV. WM. RADER
Third Co- g-egational
. Church.
CHRISTMAS dawns this year aa
the day of peace. The boom of
the cannon has ceased, the armies
have laid down their arms, the
sound of the war drum has died
away and the battle flag is furled.
Christmas joys cover a greater por
tion of the globe than ever before.
Christmas trees in the snowy heart of
Alaska; Christmas trees In the far-off
Philippines; Christmas trees in remote
regions where never before such fes
tivities were enjoyed. Boys in blue
have carried the Christmas spirit
around the world in their smokeless
rifles, and from the somber trenches of
Manila, from the hospitals of the East,
from the decks of massive men-of-war,
from a million homes, rises the Christ
mae anthem "and on earth peace, good
will toward men."
This is the theology of the advent—
Reformer.
international peace and human
brotherhood. Je^us came into the
world to reconcile man with God and
man with man; other leaders brought
power or knowledge or other mani
festations of distinction, but Jesus was
the first to utter the words cut upon
the tomb of Grant, "Let us have
peace." This was the sublime thought
in the overture of angels, the angelio
peace messengers singing above the
Palestinian hills. There are three
things in this text to be emphasized.
First — The expressed recognition of
God's gift in giving us the Savior. The
glory sent back to the throne by the
heavenly hosts was the adoration of
God for his unspeakable gift. That
glory has never ceased. Tongue after
tongue, age after age, church after
church and nation upon nation has sent
back the everlasting prayer. It belongs
to Christmas — this adoration for the
incarnation of Christ. Men should
thank God for Jesus of Nazareth, for
the sermon on the mount, the example
of suffering and the propitiation of our
sins, "and not for ours only, but for the
sins of the whole world."
Second — The prediction of universal
peace. A few days ago men were
startled by the proposition of the Czar
of all the Russias for a universal peace.
The world's chariot of war stopped for
a moment in its bloody tracks, while
men listened with mlngied feelings of
suspicion and reverence to this utter
ance from the throne of Russia. It was
certainly the theology of the advent,
the gospel of Jesus Christ. This pre
diction is not yet translated into re
ality, but it is destined to become ac
tual in the providence of God. It is a
high ideal, raised far above our mili
tary spirit and our enthusiasm for con
quest, but it is not too much to expect
a reign some day of universal brother
hood. The higher peace included in
this teaching, moreover, has to do with
the cessation of the conflict of God
through sin.
Third — The gospel of good will.
Translated strictly this means "good
pleasure," or God's gracious regard for
men as manifested in the gift of salva
tion to them in their wretched condi
tion.
Christmas is the day of God's good
pleasure. Hear it, ye who are down
cast and troubled. Hear it, ye who are
alone and far away from the Father's
house. "Come unto me, all ye that labor
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
and are heavy laden, and I will give
ymi rest." Christmas is the symbol of
the infinite love. God so loved us that
he gave his son. Three things, then,
belong to this day, and these three
things Bhould thrill the whole Christian
world, glory— peace — good will. These
elements comprise heaven, and they
are some day to cover the earth as the
waters over the sea.
* • •
"For a child is bir>:
to us . . . and his
n:me shall b: called
Wonderful, Counsel
lor. G:d the Mighlv)
Father of the World to
Cctne, the Prates of
Peace.'" 1 — ix:6.
H. H. WYMAN,
C S. P.,
St. Mary's Church.
TTTEPE words show to us that the
Christ of prophecy was vener
ated by the ancient Jews, as far
as it was possible, in the same
way that the actual Christ has
b^en by Christians. We shall see this
most clearly if wo study the meaning
of these titles which were applied to
the Messiahs by their Inspired writer,
lsal.is. First, the Messiah is called
Wonderful, which, literally interpreted,
means Miraculous One. And St.~MaU
thew, the evangelist, describes his
birth as follows: "When Mary, his
mother, was espoused to Joseph before
they came together she was found with
child of the Holy Ghost." Further
more, he tells us that this took place
"that the word might be fulfilled which
was spoken by the prophet Isaias say
ing. Behold a virgin shall be with
child and shall bring forth a son and
they shall call his name Errunanue!,
which, being interpreted, is God with
us." The manner of his birth, there
fore, as related in the gospels, proves
his right to the title of Miraculous One
which was given him by the prophet.
Secondly, the title Counsellor belongs
to him more than to any other because
he was the most perfect teacher and
guide that the world has ever known.
All who have ever studied his doctrine
readily admit that he has taught the
world more wisdom than it has ever
learned from any other source or all
other sources put together.
Again, the title, God the Mighty, is
applied to Christ because the incarna
tion of the Son of God shows forth the
divine power in a more singular man
ner even than the creation. Moreover,
no attribute of the Deity is lessened by
the union of the divine with the human
nature as understood and taught by
the Christian religion. As St. Paul says,
speaking of Christ, "In him dwelleth
the fullness of the Godhead corporally."
Christ wa3 perfect God as well as per-,
feet man. There was no mixture of the
two distinct natures in Christ — indeed,
such a thing would be an impossibility.
The fourth title, Father of the World
to Come, denotes the Messiah as the
ruler of eternity, the supreme ruler and
final judge of all mankind. St. Luke,
the evangelist, also describes him as
the Son of Man, who will come in a
cloud with great power and majesty.
And the Apostles' Creed declares that
he will come to judge the living and the
dead.
Finally, he is styled the Prince of
Peace, and this title sets forth his
crowning work, which is the complete
and perfect reconciliation of man with
God. This means the coming of his
kingdom, for which all Christians look
and pray as he has taught them.
"For we have
seen his star in
the east and are
come to wor
ship him." — Matt.
ii:2.
REV. JOHN A. B.
WILSON,
Howard-St eet M. E
Church.
PREVIOUS to the birth of Christ
everywhere in the East men were
looking, because of prophecies,
for the advent of a great King
who should rise from among the
Jews.
In these Eastern countries were men
called magi — wise men who gave their
lives to the study of science and re
ligion, to astrology and astronomy.
These men, for some now unknown
reason, accorded to the Jewish peo
ple and Palestine the patronage of the
constellation Pisces, regarding every.
thing occurring therein of especial im
portance to that nation. Some of these
came at a certain time to the King's
residence, asking: "Where is He that
is born King of the Jews? For we have
seen His star in the East."
What was this star? There have
been many answers to this question;
et us listen to what seems a natural
explanation.
In December, 1604, the astronomer
Kepler saw a strane-e sight in the
leavens which was repeated several
imes in a few months, but which oc
?urs in its entirety but once in 800
.-ears. It was a conjunction of Jupiter
md Saturn, and five months later Ma^a
joined with these two, forcing a fiery
:rigon in the constellation of Pisces.
Kepler, and later Professor Pritch
ird, ma.de calculations which proved
:hat this heavenly event must have
-.aken place in its regular order at
xbout the time of the Saviqr's birth,
md it seems to me that this conjunc
:ion must have formed the new and
splendid "star in the East" which the
■nasri'saw and followed.
The story of their journey and of the
slanet's movements can be told in cor
relative detail and seems to prove, step
jy step, the theory here advanced. In
my event the star was the divine sruide
:o these Eastern inquirers and led them
:o the true Savior of the world.
♦ • *
"Fear not, for,
• behold, I bring you
good tidings of
great joy, which
shall be to all peo
ple. ' ' — Luke ii: i o.
E. A. WOODS,
First Baptist Church.
IT was an aneel who brought this
message. I suppose he felt honored
as he bore it and the other angeJs
were so interested that they followed
him and joined in a chorus of
>raise to God. It is pleasant to
•arry good news to even one person.
3ut he announced "good tidings of
neat joy which shall be to all people."
i.s he spake the night was lighted into
>rilliance by the glory of God. But
vhat was the message of the angel?
'A Savior Is born, who is Christ the
jord."
Christ's advent is good tidings to the
:hildren. Christmas is the happiest
lay of the year for them. How dif
erent childhood is since Jesus came
3ow much care and thought and love
ire given children now, and how dif
ferent their lives in heathen lands
vhere Christ is not known. Well may
he children rejoice to-day and fear
10L
• • •
"And the nations
shall come to thy
light, and kings to
the brightness of
thy rising."
FRANKS. FORD,
Patfor First Chrl»t!an
Church.
AT Israel's winter solstice, her
darkest night, when her sins had
separated her and her God; when
her hands were filled with blood
and her fingers with iniquity;
;vhen her lips spoke lies and her tong-ue
tittered wickedness; when she knew
lot the way of peace; when she looked
tor light and beheld darkness, for
brightness but walked in obscurity,
her prophet seeing no hope in man
pointed them to the time when God's
awn arm should work salvation, and
carry forward in spirit to salvation's
2nd its summer noon. He cries:
"Arise, shine; for thy light is come,
and the glory of the Lord is. arisen up
3n three. For, behold, darkness shall
?over the earth and gross darkness the
peoples; but the Lord shall arise upon
thee, and his glory shall be seen upon
thee. And nations shall come to thy
light, and kings to the brightness of
thy rising."
How we have watched, with longing
eyes this faint prophecy of "Summer
eun and summer shine." How slowly
the sun creeps northward. How long
continues the cold and storm and
tempest Dropped from the heart of a
winter of human weakness and evil
came this prophecy of a summer of de
liverance.
Has not the "Prince of Peace" led on
PRAYER DURING BATTLE.
By Karl Theodor Korner.
Father, I call on Thee!
Clouds from the thunder-voiced cannon enveil me,
Lightnings are flashing, death's thick darts assail me:
Ruler of battles, I call on Thee!
Father, oh, lead Thou mcl
Father, oh, lead Thou me!
Lead me to victory, or to death lead me;
With joy I accept what Thou hast decreed me.
' God, as Thou wilt, so lead Thou mcl
God, I acknowledge Thee!
God, I acknowledge Thee!
When, in still autumn, the sear leaf is falling,
When peals the battle, its thunder appalling;
Fount of all grace I acknowledge Thee!
Father, oh, bless Thou mcl
Father, oh, bless Thou me!
Into thy hand my soul I resign, Lord;
Deal as thou wilt with the life that is Thine, Lord.
Living or dying, oh, bless Thou meJ
Father, I praise Thy name!
Father, I praise Thy name!
Nor for earth's wealth or dominion contend me;
The holiest right of the freeman defend me.
Victor or vanquished, praise I Theel
God in Thy name I trust!
God, in thy name I trust !
When in loud thunder my death note is knelling,
When from mv veins the red blood is welling,
God, in Ihv holy name I trust!
Father, I call on theel
from victory to victory? Can we not
say, even in the midst of the darkest
war cloud "He maketh war to cease"?
Who, that hath read history, but can
see, even now, the spears being beaten
into plowshares and the swords into
pruning hooks? Who but sees summer
coming? Who can not see its green
and blossom of promise? Who but can
see that the storm of superstition and.
error, that have so long swept this
beautiful world with their cold and
tempest, are in their dying sough?
Who but can look to no dim distant
future but with the clear vision of near
realization to the summer time of
fruits and unclouded sun, when men
shall love God and dwell together in
peace and love; when Isaiah's vision
shall have been fulfilled and man shall
join with angels in "Glory to God in
the highest, and on earth peace, good
will toward men."
• * •
"// any man
have not the spirit
of Christ."— Rom.
viivg.
A. J. WELLS, D.D.,
Second Unitarian
Church.
THERE is no dearer festival than
that which falls on the 25th of
December. It has come to be
the most widely celebrated and
gladdest of all the holidays of
the year. It is rooted far back of Its
traditional date. It comes from pagan
peoples, and is full of the aspirations
and hopes of primitive faith; the joy
of the primeval world is on its lips,
and the light of an immortal hope in
Its eyes; and some perfection yet to be
realized is in the spirit of the day. It
draws almost all its charms from the
unselfish element which rules the day.
This was founded in the race from the
first, but the feeble atruistic current
in human nature was greatly strength
ened by the self-devoted life of the
Man of Nazareth. It is distinctly a
human and natural spirit which makes
him dear to the heart of the world.
Not the theological Christ, but the be
nevolent Jesus, is the world's ideal.
His charity, his sympathy, his ethical
teaching, his trust in you, his belief in
man, are shaping our civilization. He
sought to develop, not a system of doc
, trine, but a temper of life; not a
dogma, but a disposition. In this he
is an enlarging influence, an unwast
ing power. He does not sit apart, as
a Prince of Heaven, but is here in hu
man memory and love, a spirit in the
midst of the governments of men. It
is through the quality of our spirits
and not through the constructions of
our intellects that his consecration en
ters and holds us, so that the spirit of
his life is often missed in the churches
and found in the humanitarian move
ments of the world. .. -^-.
He taught a cheerful religion.' Ha
lived a cheerful life. It is a mistake to
call him a "man of sorrow." That ref
erence was to Israel and not to Jesus.
He "came eating and drinking," a man
of the people, with red blood in his
veins and a serene and free and joy
ous heart within his breast. His dis
position was social, his sympathies hu
man and humane. He was full of com
passion, for the suffering and the sin
ful. Compassion: to suffer with — no
other word so fully characterizes him.
If possible, he would have healed all
the sick, recovered to purity and in
ward peace all the sinful. Yet his
treatment of hypocrisy was blasting as
the lightning flash. Professional piety
that was void of human kindness and
helpfulness he lashed with flery scorn.
In the spirit of his life, while we give
to each other "Christmas. gifts," let us
give also trust. Let us have no friends
whom we cannot hold by the tenure of
utter confidence, and let us trust God
and life.
Let the great forces wise of old
Have their full way with thee.
Seek to have always "the larger
heart, the kindlier hand." and to sea
that God is ever coming into the life
of the world with new promise and
fresh deliverance, and firmer and
higher triumph.
va> \a/ w ■**• v*e \*f V* W W W y* i** V* w W V*THE BIIN FBAtfCISCO OAlili, STJISDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
84
The best Christmas
Story I ever heard.
GEXETIATi PHp;RMA>r presented
President Lincoln with the city of
Savannah on Christmas. Other deeds
of national and religious significance
WM. RADER, D.D.,
Third Corf egstionai Church.
occurred on that day. The spirit of Christ
mas kindness pervades every status of life. The deeds which live are
f service and sacrifice. Love is measured not by sentiment but
1 bare heard of parents making sacrifices for their chil
dren, the strong helping the weak, the happy giving power to the
unhappy, the comfort Able tending eomj token of love to the uncom
fortable, bo! in looking back over the nearly 2000 years I see in the
Babe of Bethlehem ftt once the best gift and the greatest deed.
He was not only th<? incarnation of God but the embodiment of
thr- best forces and ideas in th< \vor'.<l. Every serious mind should
recognize the place of the Christianity of Christ in the world on this
holy day. The betft deed «re ian perform if th.it of the highest service
fo Th" highest good, however inconspicuous and humble that service
may be.
AT DAYLIGHT on Christmas morning,
1x62, the Army of the Cumberland
' i V' eSflip and marched south from
Nashville, over the Nolanville and
MAJOR JOHN H.
SIMPSON.
' Murfrccsboro pike. to engage the Army of
the Tennessee, under Central Hragß, in hard-fought battle on the
gloomy banks of Stone River.
Skirmishing which developed the advance lines of Bragg's army
began near Lavergne, and the battle raged with varying success
throughout the entire week. On New Year's morning (1863)» however,
victory having crowned the efforts of the Union forces, the brigade
of the late Oeneral John F. Miller hoisted the Stars and Stripes over
the courthouse in Murfrecsboro. i.
General Miller, by the way, afterward came out here to California,
and after making a beautiful home, which he called "Lrftvergne" in
memory of that battle, near Napa Springs, most ably represented this
State in the national Senate.
I have always remembered this particular Christmas week, not
alone because 30,000 men were slain during those bloody days, but
because of the fact that early in the battle the Confederate cavalry
made a detour in our fear and destroyed our commissary stores, in
consequence of which we had absolutely nothing to eat during the
time which is usually a season of feasting,
I was captain of thd Fourth Michigan Cavalry — a regiment which
came out of the war with a record of ninety-one battles and ended
its exploits with the capture of Jefferson Davis— and my boys were
fortunate enough to find some corn cribs which had not been
plundered. For three days we had one ear Of hard "horse-tooth"
corn apiece, and only surface water polluted with dead bodies of men
and animals to drink. But we lived through it and fought through
It; and when that flag went up over that courthouse on New Year's
day we felt that our Christmas had been a glorious One in spite of
— and that ours was the best Christmas story that could be told.
• • •
I CAN only think of a little Christmas
story which seemed to me very pathetic
since it so exemplified "She hath done
what ehe could."
MARTIN
REGENSBURGER, M.D
1 Munich, where I passed my student
days, has a rather peculiar system of medical assistance for the poor.
The town Is divided into districts, each of which has a central station
with a resident professor. Word sent there of illness or accident
brought an advanced student to the sufferer at once. "Were the case
6erious the professor was also summoned, but in any event the poor
were properly and gratuitously treated at their homes, ana the
students gained much practical knowledge which was of great assist
ance to them at the beginning of their careers.
One day I was summoned to an old Baroness who was in the last
stages of consumption and in bitter poverty. I did what I could to
relieve her sufferings and formed a genuine attachment for her, since
Ehe was not only a lady by title, but one by birth and breeding. There
■was nd hope of curing her, but I did my best to cheer and comfort
her, and she grew to like me cordially.
11l us she was she still kept about and was, as often happens in
such cases, always buoyant and hopeful, with no realization of her
true state, though I knew that she Was very near to death. '
Christmas eve I went to an all-night ball, and although it came
on to storm during, the night I determined, as I went home In the
morning, to call in and Bee my old patient and give her a Christmas
greeting. '. :H& . ; - *
She was glad to see me, but horrified at my imprudence In going
about in dancing pumps in such weather. She scolded me in motherly
fashion, then absolutely made me remove my shoes and pocks and
flry my feet while she rummaged In a huge old chest, from which she
resurrected ft bundle of knit white yarn stockings.
"They were the Baron's," she said tearfully. "I knit them myself,
and they are all I have left to remember him — all else I have sold."
And she made me put a pair on my feet while she dried my shoes, and
sent me home dry-shod find comfortable.
The next day she died, quite suddenly, but peacefully, and they
found on her table a little holographic will which she had made at
almost the List moment, in which, after saying that her few other
personal belongings should be sold to pay her small debts and bury
her, she decreed that I, "the kind young doctor," should have "the
Baron's woolen stockings as a Christmas gift."
I detest woolen stockings, but 1 kept those for years, since they
seemed to me to have a special value. They -ere ah she had to give,
" and her dearest possession— and out of purest gratitude she gave
them to "the kind young doctor," who had but done his duty.
THE b?st Christmas story that I ever
heard, which had any connection with
myself, was told by a gruff-voiced,
grim-vlsaged, rather shabby-looking
old gentleman who certainly impressed me
at first »leht a* belnt; about the last person In the world to toll a good
'■■•_'" °
It hnjiprneM in days gone by when I was younger than I am now,
and not so embarrassingly wealthy as 1 h: ye grown during the years
thai have passed since. I was the lessee of a studio and the owner of
some < fti.vas and paints and a goodly array of pictures finished and
unfinished, but my BtocK of ready mon^y was not by any means as
large as I deemed desirable, in point of fact it was most unpleasantly
email, and was growing more so daily.
I fort particularly under the wenther, I remember, on Christmas
day, but went to work an usual, thinking to forget my troubles in the
-' "f my ooc upatiori. I usually put :n my time to good purpose
on holidays, as I rarely have many visitors, but on this particular
• •!! I had painted but a little while when the old gentleman pre
viously mentioned made his appearance and went moving around
amonp the pictures as if he had the day on his hands and didn't
know how to get rid of it elsevh ■:■■.
I didn't pay much attention to him, for I was doing some little
montul arithmetic between the strokes of my brush as to
the purchasing possibilities of a certain limited number of dollars and
< nt:-. and wondering vaguely how I should manage to increase that
number. So he poked about a« he liked until at last he came to a
standstill before a picture which I thought pretty well of myself.
And then he told me the story. It was simply this: "I like this
picture," said he "and I want it." And then he asked: "What is the
price?"
I was staggered for an instant, but soon I found that he was In
earnest and in spite of his appearance had the money to buy a dozen
;
WILLIAM KhITH,
THE SANFRAXCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
pictures, If he wanted to, and not know the difference, i.nd presently
we arranged matters satisfactorily to both parties.-
The price I received for that picture has made me always remem
ber that Christmas day pleasantly, and ''link that ojd man's brief
statement of facts the best ChrlsmaS story that I ever'heard.
* • •
INTO a home of wealth in this city wad
brought one day an orphan babe. A
daughter of that home, while "Kinder
gartening," found the mother dying and
A. J. WELLS, D.D.,
Secord Unitarian Church.
soothed her by the assurance that her child
should be cared for. The young ladies became nursegirls, and the
unconscious little waif will be clothe and educated and trained in
womanly ways, as If born to affluence, and mercy, as of old, will be
"twice blessed."
I do not think that this occurred on Christmas day. No matter,
it occurred, and the spirit of Christmas was in it. Noble deeds do not
wait for the coming of traditional Saints' day. "The better the day
the better the deed" is a Baying not true. No time is holy time save
as human lives make it so, and Friday is an "unlucky day" only in
the superstitions of ignorance. It is not the grand deeds so much
as the good deeds that beautify life — the thousand little acts of
kindness and love and self-devotion. The glory of Christmas day
Is, that a spirit of "otherness" has entered the world. It is full of sug
gestions of love, and courtesy, and peace. It is abused when wealth
flaunts Its gifts, or selfishness spreads, hoping for something In return.
Its spirit Is Insulted by an appearance of generosity and all pretense
of friendship—a grumbling concession to custom where no love is felt.
The saving of the poor for weeks that a gift may be bestowed; the
s^lf-denial of love that another life may be brightened; the laughter
that for a time forgets care; the charity of hand and heart; the
benevolence that gives the poor for one day a hint of plenty and the
human intereat that glints with sunphine the gray skies of the despair
ing—this Is the true spirit of Christmas day.
THE Christmas deed which has always
seemed the best to me is one of which
I was the object when I was a little
girl many years ago. I say "girl" ad-
MARK THALL,
Alcazar.
11 — — — visedly for the reason that I struck out for
myself ■when I was 8 years old, ran away from home and Joined
"Wilson's circus, and for two years and more masqueraded in ringlets
and petticoats and was thought by all our audiences to be one of the
"WMK" and cleverest bits of youthful femininity that had ever been
seen under a circus tent. I took readily to the trapeze business and
bareback riding, and enjoyed the wandering life immensely until cold
weather came. It wasn't so very cold, of course, for we were on the
Southern circuit, but it was raining and kind of desolate, and along
towar.f Christmas I began to feel a little homesick.
The day before Christmas we gave a show in a good-sized town,
and the wife of one of the town officials took a fancy to explore the
wnole outfit between the afternoon and evening performances. She
Came with her husband and the manager into the tent where I was
washing up, and srem<*d to take a great interest in me, asking me all
manner of questions about myself and cirrus life generally. Finally
she asked whore I slept, and Fhe Dearly fainted when I told her what
Wai the truth— that I hadn't slept in a bed for over a year, but bunked
up on top of the lions' cage every night, rolled up in blankets.
That night after the show that lady borrowed me of thr- manager,
and she had me tuke a warm bath and gave me a clean ruffled night
gown miles too big tor me, and put me into the biggest, softest,
whitest, nicest-smelling bed I ever saw before or since, where I slept
like a top, and never thought to feel lonesome because there were no
lions snarling and thrashing about under me.
And the next morning there was a great big stocking full of toys
hanging up e?ainst the chimney for me. with nuts and candies and
oranfres enough lylnr around to last all the juvenile department of our
circus for a week. . -
And I thought then, and have thought ever since, that that Christ
mas deed, done by a kind-hearted woman to a homeless little child,
was the very best one I ever heard of.
• * •
T T HAS always seemed to me that the
] Christmas deeus, as related to me, of
1 the once widely known "Jim" Fisk of
JL New York h v In them as much of the
true Christmas spirit as is tver found In
the bestowal of gifts during ttiat season.
Fisk, as every one knows, was an extremely rough and gruff man
when in his business office, but underneath that unpleasin? exterior,
and In spite of his many serio.ua faults of character, he had one of
the warmest and most charitable hearts that ever beat for all who
J. R. DAN FORTH,
Deputy County Cl«rtt
were really poor and suffering. He had a cordial contempt for all
forms of organized or "cut and dried" charity, and he never encour
aged chronic beggars to contide to him thoir tales of woe. He nai Jt
however, a system of his own for separating the wheat from the chaff
in cases of distress which were reported to him, and no one who "was
really suffering ever failed to get at least a little assistance from him,
after he had assured himself of their condition.
But it was at Christmas time that he went into the business of
alms-giving, or, as he preferred to call it— "gift-giving" on a wholesale
scale. During the year ne kept a record of all the cases that came
under his not! c. and on the day before Christmas every poor family
and every Indigent widow on his list received from him a ton of
coal and .>. bnrrel of flour. This was his regular "gift," and it took
hundreds of them to go around, but added to this in special cases
was a big basket of groceries and a selection of new garments suited
to the freezing winters of that locality.
No fuss was ever made about this in the newspapers. There was
no "spreaa ' and no public presentations to advertise the donor and
humiliate the recipient, and personal thanks always made the giver
angry.
When Jim Ftek died, however, the most sincere mourning for him
wan in th. hearts of the poor he had so long befriended, and every
Christmastide for years the story of his past kindness was told with
tears in many wretched homes.
*• • ■
TO MY mind the best deeds are those
which are kind and helpful to unfor
tunate creatures who are unable to
defend or care for themselves. One of
the best deeds that I ever saw done on
C. F. HOLBROOK,
Secretary Society for Prevention
of Cruelty to Animal*.
Christmas was the following:
A lady who happened to be out on a neighborly errand last Christ
mas day in a hilly street near the Twin Peaks saw two boys running
down the steep incline dragging behind them something attached to
a rope. She thought at first that the something was a bundle of rags,
but as they drew nearer she saw that it was a dog — a dead one, she
supposed, seeing the inanimate body hitting against all obstructions
and bounding into the air with the force of the .'rripact. The sight
was most unpleasing and became worse when, as they passed her,
she saw a feeble movement of the poor beast's bruised limbs and real
ized that it was still alive. Forgetting conventionalities, she ran after
the youthful torturers, and by threats of arrest forced them to stop.
Then she obliged them to cut the rope with which the dog was well
nigh strangled, bring water and pour it over its swollen head, and
finally carry it to her homo, where *ne restored it to consciousness.
Perhaps really the best part of this simple story is that before
this good Samaritan suffered those two boys to depart she so gently
and sweetly convinced them of their wrong-doing that they promised
never again to be guilty of auch cruelty, and they have kent that
promise for the whole year, whlio the dog— plump and happy— has
forgotten how near he came to death by torture last Christmas
morning.
FAITII is a wonderful factor In the sum
of human life, and this was exempli
fied to me several years ago by means
of what has always seemed to me one
REV. WILLIAM TUBB.
Bethlth»m Cong I Chuich.
~ of the best Christmas deeds I ever heard of.
Mr. and Mrs. Matthews at that time were conducting a mission,
with which \ afterward became connected, on Pacific street near
Stockton, and one evening they gave out this notice: "Thero is to be
a grand Christmas dinner here on Christmas day, and you are all
invited."
I know how their larder was supplied, and I marveled at
their action In giving out such an invitation, but said nothing to thorn
on the subject, of bourse, nor indeed to any one else. At ».hat time
Mr. Dan Cook lived on what Is known as "Nob Hill." and I wan a
frequent visitor at his great white mansion. One evening shortly be
fore Christmas Mrs. Cook sent for me, and receiving me In the recep
tion-room near the dining hall, came toward me amillng.
"Hold out your hands," said she, and I obeyed. On one palm phe
laid two broad twenty-dollar gold pieces, and a like sum oa the other.
"This Is from Mr. Cook," she said, "forty for yourself and family
and forty to be put elsewhere where it will do the most good."
Straightway I went to Mrs. Matthews.
"What have you done concerning the big dinner?" I asked.
"Nothing, brother; we have a ham promised. 'The Lord will
provide.' "
I showed her •what Mrs. Cook had entrusted to me, and although
it was 10 p. m. we went at once to several stores on Stockton street
near Montgomery avenue. Three larse baskets were tilled with pro
visions and with the assistance of a policeman carried to the Pacific
street mission. Mr. Matthews, an invalid, was aroused from sleep,
and we had a prayer meeting at midnight — a thanksgiving service
over the three full baskets. It was a moonlight night. At 1 a. m.,
i
with a VF&rmth of heart r.ot to be described, I returned to my home,
knowing that a weight had been lifted from the minds of two worthy
but impecunious philanthropists, and that Mr. Cook and his tru'V
charitable wife had prospeetively made many the richer by their
generosity. The memory of that Christmas dinner will remain green
vhile I live. Dan Cook is no more, but high above his gift may be
remembered.
That dinner was indeed a prand affair, and -ince then I nave
believed fully that under all circumstances surely the "Lord will
provide."
r"T"\HE Christmas deed that made me the
;! happiest was. I think, the following:
I About sixteen years ago I took into
JL my care a poor little crippled boy. He
was only one among the many whom I have
tried to shield and shelter when there seemed no other place in the
world for them, but I always felt for him an especial affection and
pity because of' the physical affliction which made it impossible for
him ever to mingle with the world upon an equal footing.
He was always a good boy, wHling to help with the children
smaller than himself, and do what he could to make life in the Sneuer
*ng Arms better and brighter. I grew to love him very dearly, ana
many a night I spent hours thinking and planning about his lutuie,
for I could not give him the education I longed to, and when it came
to supporting himself by manual labor I felt that he would najre a
very poor chance with others who were stronger and better able to
make their way in the world.
One day, however, a new building was begun on Market street,
and as I watched it growing nearer completion a thought occurred to
me Shortly before Christmas I went to the owner's office and sent in
my name. Five minutes afterward I was admitted to the presence of
one of the wealthiest men in our State, and he received me as court
eously and kindly as if I had been a princess of the blood.
I told him the simple little story of the poor, deserted, crippled
little boy whom I had adopted, and asked him if he would not give
him a chance to earn his living in that fine new building. I knew
he would be faithful and trustworthy, and tV millionaire believed me
■when I said so.
"He shall have the place," he said decidedly, "on Christmas day,
and I thanked him from my heart.
As soon as the Emma Spreckels building was completed my boy
went there to work. His salary is generous and he is treated well by
every one. Each month he is enabled to lay aside a part of his earn
ings for less fortunate days which may come, and he has grown manly,
independent and strong of heart, feeling that he is earning his own
way and doing his duty. I shall always feel that in giving my boy
the place that has proved so beneficial to him Claus Spreckels did one
of the best Christmas deeds I ever heard of.
• • •
SISTER JULIA,
Sheltering Arms.
THE funniest Christmas story that I
ever heard was told me by poor
"Uncle Dave" 3hortly after the war;
at least it seemed very funny to me
WILLIAM
CRAIG.
then, taken in conjunction with surrounding
circumstances.
Dave was a negro of powerful physique, a great bully and fighter
among his fellow negroes, and very impudent on occasion to white
people, even while he waa a slave. For years he ran the ferry-boat
across the Alabama River at Cahaba, and even after he became a
freedman his old master employed him at the same business, since
there was no other darkey around there who could do it as well. He
was more insolent than ever after he was free, and used always to
refuse to take people across the river after dark unless he counted
them special friends or they paid him extra.
One day shortly after Christmas I had occasion to cross and dur
ing the trip Dave told me his mournful story.
'i'se been havln' a po'ful heap n' trouh.e wiv rle Freeman's
Bureau," he said, "an' it come about dis yere way: One night a man
he comes and hollers fer me ter fotcb him ober, but I wouldn't. Den
he gets ructious an' says things, 'n I cuss him back good; 'n then he
lets on he's Cap. Gardner of the Freedman's Bureau, 'n cos I'se got
respect fer de bureau den I went over an' fotch him. - traigh asm
my princerbles. That didn't smoov him down none, dough, an' the
bery next day — 'n dat was Christmas — he sent two soldiers on hors'
back fer me wlv baynets, 'n guns, 'n pistols'n all kinds of deadning
weapons, an' dey marched me betweenst 'em ten miles to Selma. Den
dey tuk me inter a big room where dere was twenty s ldiers, 'n
dey spread out a blanket an' put me on it, 'n frrwed me up 'n slat me
down till I waa mighty nigh dead, 'n my tongue was hangin' out
wuss'n a dog's. Den they stood me up on two bricks sot edgeways,
'n tied my thumbs ter de wall, 'n den knocked de bricks away 'n leff
me on my tiptoes, and' dey kep me dere, 'to lam me manners,' dey
said, till de doctor dey had around dere tole 'em to quit.
"Dats da way I spent my Christmas, Mar's Willyum — 'n de Freed
man's Bureau 'n I ain't fren's no mo. I ain't got no more use fer
bureaus of no kine, an' after dis I ain't gwine to have nothing of da
klne aroun' me— l sets all my dishes an' things on de tlo' fust!"
* * *
Tl r V STORY sounds like conventional
l\ /I f ct^ on ' ba t ' 3 strictly true. It was
I YJ told me by the chief actor therein,
XTAand to me it proves — if proof were
needed — the power and the blessing of faith.
A few years ago a widow, who was trying, here m San Francisco,
to support herself and four little ones by her own unaided exertions
found herself as Christmas day approached, possessed of only enough
money to pay the rent of her humble home. Her landlord was very
strict, and the rent was due on the 26th. Her business was plain
sewing but there was little of that to be done at holiday times, and,
alhough she could ask a few dimes' credit for absolutely necessary
food, she could think of no way in which to secure an extra dollar or
bo for her children's Christmas.
Taking her oldest child of 9 years into hen*confidence. she told
her that Santa Claua, who had been good to them in the past, this
year would not have enough toys and candles to go around and so
her little family must go without, and she asked her to tell and com
fort her little sister and brothers.
While the mother was crying silently over her work she heard the
child in the next room breaking the unwelcome news, but she aaaed
thereto:
"God's bigger than Santa Claus and He can make him come!
Let's us all pray just as hard aa we can and I know God won't let
him sneak by."
Down on their knees the four went, and prayed with all their baby
hearts, and the mother, hearing it all. stopped crying and made up her
mind to have as much faith in her Maker as her little child had. • •
The rent money went for ChrisrYnas cheer, and the mother put
aside her forebodings and enjoyed the day with her children.
• • •
MME. LOUISE SORBIER.
Pres. Women's Educational
and Industrial Union.
TO every mother that Christmas story
is sweetest of which her little ones
were a part. The one which seems
best to me is this: "When my oldest
MRS. D. J. SPENCE&.
Secr»t«r/ W. C. T. U.
*~ boy was just old enough to be called a boy
Instead of a baby we lived in the Sierras, and the day before Christ
mas was a day of heavy snowstorm which made the house a prison
for us all.
We had made preparations for the stocking filling and the storm
did not trouble us until our boy, having time for reflection, suddenly
bethought him that he wanted nothing so much In all the world as
a red wagon and a knife for his Christmas presents. Full of childish
faith he borrowed a pencil and covered several scraps of paper with
the little saw-teeth by which Santa Claus was supposed to be in
formed of his wishes and sent them floating up the chimney on the
CTnoke of the big open fire before which he sat.
I was In despair, for those two articles ha<^ never been thought
of in our plans for his pleasure, and it was quite impossible, because
of the storm, to go to town and repair the omission. I feared my
boy's faith In the good Saint would be altogether shattered, but
while I was putting my little ones to bed later I was told that an
old gentleman wished to see me in the hall. It was a neighbor, who
had buried a little grandson on Thanksgiving day. "Oh!" said he.
with, tearful eyes, "I was going to buy my Bertie a red wagon for
Christmas, and now I have no Bertie. I had to buy it to comfort
myself. May I give it to your little one, who was Bertie's play
mate?" And so that wished-for gift came with all the sweet tender
nesß by which my grief stricken friend had relieved his own sore
spirit. Before I had finished hearing the children's prayers the bell
rang again and this time it was a jolly old parson. He began depre
catlngly, "I know your children never have sharp implements or any
thing that might be dangerous to themselves, but I do think that
little fellow would like a knife and I want to give him what would
please him most. Now may I give him a knife?" And the glittering
toy was displayed and ivent into the waiting stocking before the
chimney. And that boy knew there was a real Santa Claus because
his letters were answered and his mother felt a reverent thanksgiving
that his childish faith had had Its reward.THE SA^ FRASTCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 189 S.6
Two Christmas Days In Bethlehem,
Artist TSssot 9 the Famous Painter of Sacred Scenes,
Writes About the Sights He Saw In the Holy Land, and How
He Passed a Night In the Very Grotto In Which
Christ Was Born, /
jKe Virgin*
Copyrighted, 1594-1595, by J. J. Tissot.
Speciu.l to The Sunday Call.
WHEX I left Paris in October,
18S6, it was to go to Pales
tine, there to come into per
sonal contact with those
spots sanctified by the pres
ence of the Savior when He trod the
earth.
1 went to Jerusalem and saw that
Via Doiorcsa along which He made H,is
weary way toward Calvary. I saw
Calvary Itself and ail the sacred spots
in the neighborhood, Gethsemane iind
its garden, Bethany and its tomb. But
I r. served for Christinas my visit to
Bethlehem, that little spot destined to
immortality because of the birth of the
Savior within its confines.
On the day before Christmas, accom
panied by the French Consul, I depart
ed from Jerusalem toward Bethlehem,
resolved to see that place and its sanc
tified grotto on the anniversary ot the
very night when Jesus the Christ first
opened his eyes upon the world which
He had come to save. But a.ias, for
the emotions which filled my being, I
could not have chosen a more unfor
tunate time. As we were on our way
I noticed great crowds of people of
every nation on the ia.ee of the globe
hurrying in the same direction,
anxiously, eagerly, as if they feared to
miss some part of an exhibition. We
arrived in Bethlehem, and through the
inlluence of the Consul were permitted
to pass the night in the very grotto in
■which Christ was born.
Throng at the Savior's Birthplece.
To my surprise and horror I found a
seething mass of men and women surg
ing around the place trying to push
each other aside and se< — they knew
not what. I was Infinitely shocked,
for it seemed to me that these thou
sands lacked all reverence for this, the
holiest place on earth to a believing
Christian. I had hoped, burying my
self In reflection upon the wondrous
nativity, to pass the- night in prayer
and meditation. I hardly dared, to do
more than peep at the place in which
the Virgtn had born-.- the world's Re-
deemer — but these people, this mob, ap
peared to lack all sense and sentiment;
I wondered how much they understood,
how deeply they reverenced the Savior.
I was glad when the night was past;
I would have made my escape at once
had it been possible to pass through
that curious, pushing, josiling crowd.
I determined never to come to Bethle
hem when it was being so polluted.
The next year (IsST; I again passed
Christmas eve in Palestine, but it was
In the convent near Jerusalem and
; there was deep sentiment and holy
i revoronc... Never can I forget the ser
mon preached in the chapel by a truly
devout priest of Him whom he glori
fied. What an inspiration in the very
eoi! on which the preacher stood!
"What other subject could he choose but
that of the Christ? How his voice
touched every heart as with extended
. finger ho said: "A stone's throw from
• here He was buried. A little further
;on He was crucified. Through that city
. H>: walked to His death. Just over
: the hills He was taken prisoner after
j His agony in the garden, and in that
direction (pointing to Bethlehem) He
first saw the light."
In the Virgin's Steps.
The holy pleasure of visiting Beth
lfehem under proper condition I enjoyed
a short time after my first unpleasant
experience. I followed the path which
leads from Nazareth to that town to
1 which Mary and Joseph had come at
that critical time in their career. It is
a walk of three days from one town
to the other, but it is worth far more
than the fatigue which must be en
dured to feel that one is walking In
the very footsteps of the Virgin.
Bethleen, or Bethlehem. is also
known by the Hebrew name of Eu
thrata. These words mean the "House
of Bread" and "the land" or "country."
It was indeed to be a "House of Bread"
In a great and spiritual sense after the
birth of the Savior there. The Arabs
give it another name resembling the
first; for they rail it Bait-Lahen or the
"House of Meat." The town itself
dates from the most remote antiquity
Moses speak, of it in the thirty-fifth
chapter of Genesis in connection with
the birth of Benjamin, which took
place, he tells us, wlu-n his parents had
but a little way to come through
Euthiath < which is the same as Beth
lehem), Rachel dying Immediately af
terward.
When Palestine was conquered by
Joshua. Bethlehem, like Jerusalem, was
Inhabited by the idolatrous Canaanites.
and in the division of the conauered
districts it fell to the lot of the tribes
of ,Tud,i.
The situation of Bethlehem, is indeed
most beautiful. Built on the crest of
the mountains of Judea, about two
league* to the south of Jerusalem, its
form is that of a crescent, one end of
which is marked by the Wells of David,
the other by the Grottos of the Nativ
ity. Between the two horns of the
crescent stretches a fertile valley. the
Wady-el-Karoubeh. The descent of
Illustrations by J. J. Tissot.
this valley is very steep and resembles
a circus with low parallel walls, which
keep the earth from sliding down, and
have the form of tier gn tier"M seats.
This valley presents a charming ap
pearance clothed as it is with an abun
dant vegetation in which vines, flg,
olive and almond trees abound.
The view from the top of the ascent
Js bounded on the north by the hill of
Mar-Elias and on the west by the
Mountains of the Desert, where St.
John dwelt; on the- east Beit-Sahour
rises from the little hill where Ruth
gleaned the ears of grain in the fields
of Boaz, while beyond can be seen the
Beveral stony hills, called the Wilder
ness. Still further to the east the rocks
cf Mount Moab stretch along like a
wall, the base of which is bathed by
the waters of the Dead Sea. On the
south Mount Herodion forms a regu
lar cone, on the summit of which a few
ruins indicate the site of the castle of
Herod. It was here that the tetrarch
was interred and later the Crusaders
raised defensive works; hence its more
modern appellation of the Hill of the
Franks.
Where Christ Was Born.
The Grottos of the Nativity are a
scries of natural caves, extending for
a considerable distance in the moun
tains, forming chambers connected
with each other. As a matter of fact
shepherds watching their fiock3 from
the hills avail themselves of these shel
ters in cold or bad weather, and it was
in them that Mary and Joseph, finding
no place in the caravansary, decided
to bake refuge.
tradition as the exact birthplace of the
Chri3t is situated in the lower part of
one of these caves reached by two
Blopes, now converted into flights of
stone steps.
Between the two sets of steps is a
slight depression which tradition indi
cates as the spot to which Mary retired
when the divine child was born. It
was only after the birth that she car
ried him a few paces to a more com
modious place, more sheltered from the
cold, where It was possible to give the
cave something of the semblance of a
room.
There, says the legend, were some
animals; an ox and an ass. However
that may be, Mary found something
there to serve the purpose of a crib in
which to lay her new born child. This
crib, or manger, as it is generally call
ed, is now preserved in the Church <>f
Santa^Maria-Xaggiore at Rome, where
it is visited and venerated by numerous
pilgrims.
Location of the Temples.
The place rendered sacred by the
birth of. the Savior, naturally, has been
a goal of pilgrimage to many thou
sands besides myself. The early Chris
tians flocked to it in crowds. After the
revolt of the Jews, under Bar-Cochba,
the Emperor Hadrian had a temple to
Jupiter erected on the Mount of Olivets
on the very scene of the ascension; a
temple to Venus on Golgotha, and one
to Adonis above the Grottos of Bethle
hem. These three temples remained
standing for one hundred and eighty
years, thus providentially attesting the
rites of these venerated sanctuaries un
tii the time when St. Helena, mother of
Emperor Constantine, replaced them
with basilicas in honor of Jesus Christ.
The Basilica of Bethlehem is still
standing and with the exception of the
io, which is hidden by massive
buildings, is almost intact.
The interior consists of five naves,
divided by rows of columns with Corin
thian capitals, which were probably
taken from the ruins of the Temple of
Jerusalem,' doubtless the source of
much of the material used in the basiii
cas of St. Helena, which were erected
in a very short space of time.
■Where the Shepherds Watched.
Many have wondered how it was
possible for the shepherds to be watch
ing j.i the open air at the time when
Christ was born. The place where the
shepherds were when the angels ap
peared to them is supposed to have
been what is now called Beit-Sahour, a
word signifying "The House of the
[The Wise fiEN journeying to Bethlehem ..,-
Copyrighted, 1894-1 895, by J. J. Tissot
Shepherds." It is surprising at first
sight that shepherds should be watch
ing their flocks in the open air at the
time of the year set for the nativity,
for the cold must have been intense. It
was no doubt to the end of December
that the account In Holy Writ re
fers, but the pastures were not vast
grazing grounds where the sheep were
gathered together in thousands from
every direction, but mere local fields,
where each shepherd tended his own
little group of animals, and there is
nothing in this to surprise any one fa
miliar with the customs of the East.
After the December rains are over
the grass begins to grow again and the
flowers reappear. The severity of the
winters vary very much, and some
especially fine days occur, even in the
very heart of the cold season, when the
6h< pherda of Bethlehem would go down
into the plain with their Hocks, as the
Arabs do now in good season.
The gospels tell us that when the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
shepherds were surprised by the angels
they were "abiding in the fields, keep
ing watch over their flocks by night."
The night was always divided into
three so-called watches. The shep
herds changed guards every three
hours during the short night of the
summer and every four hours during
the longer nights of the winter. In the
latter case the first watch ended at 10
and the second at 2. while the third
lasted till daybreak. The shepherds on
guard gathered round the campflre
while waiting their turn to rest, and
it must have been to those thus wait
ing that the angels appeared. They no
doubt wakened their comrades to tell
them the wonderful news, and after
ward all went together to Bethlehem,
where they found and worshiped the
Holy Child.
The other personages mentioned in
Scripture in connection with the birth
of Jesus are the Magi. Magi or sooth
sayers are mentioned in the Book of
Daniel as being in the service of King
Nebuchadnezzar. They studied aßtron
omy and interpreted dreams. Those
referred to in the gospels seem to have
been not only wise men, but kings, or
Sheiks of Chaldea and its neighbor
hood. They, too, engaged in the
study of the heavenly bodies and per
haps also worshiped them, a fact which
explains the immediate attention ac
corded to a sien appearing in the heav
ens at the moment of the birth of the
Messiah. The color of their undergar
ments, yellow, indicated their profes
sion.
The Star of Bethlehem.
What was the star referred to in the
sacred record? There is absolutely no
positive evidence on this point. Some
My Visit to the Summer Home .
of the Queen of Spain
By Mrs. FranK. Leslie.
Special to the Sunday Call.
SINCE the recent "unpleasant
ness" -with Spain her country and
people have become a source of
curiosity and interest to us—per
haps on the principle of General Da
mas, who says in the "Lady of Lyons,"
"It is astonishing how I like a man
after having fought with him."
Such being the case, it may be of
interest to the readers of The Call to
hear something about the summer
home of the Queen Regent and the
"Little King," as her son is called.
The Queen is said to be a bit of a bigot,
us suits her position upon the throne
bequeathed by Philip V, but either by
birth or training, she has reached an
impassibility of expression I have never
seen equaled. A mask of marble could
be no colder than her face. She has
really no beauty; her teeth are large
and projecting and inadequately cov
ered by her full lips, and her mass of
ash blonde hair is not lighted up by a
tinge of gold. Her pale blue eyes might
have been pretty had the lashes been
heavier and darker or if brightened
by tenderness or any softening emotion.
Her figure, however, is tall, slender,
graceful and aristocratic in the ex
treme, and her hand 3 and feet are small
and admirably shaped and bear testi
mony to her high birth. She has won
thSrespect of the Spanish people by her
ditrnity. courage and good sense. The
royal' widow's every action is prudent
and her manner grave and self-pos
sessed. Her anxiety to please the peo
ple over whom she hopes that her son
is to rule is exemplified by the assidu
ous manner in which she immediately
gave herself over to the study of the
Spanish language after her husband's
death, and which she now speaks with
the utmost fluoucy even if the accent
leaves something to be desired.
There are women to whom sorrow
brings utter wreckage and others who
Simply congeal and become stron? and
hard as ice and Christina of Austria
s > ms to me one of these.
San Sebastian is almost on the
frontier between France and Spain and
the Queen Regent, after visiting there
for a few seasons, finally adopted it as
the summer home of herself and court.
San Sebastian has much to say for
herself quite apart from the fact that
the bay of La Concha, protected from
the too vigorous rush of the Biscayan
tides by the island of Santa Clara, is
one of the most charming and popular
bathing places in the world.
La Concha has always alluringly
curved her softly rounded arms- the
Bay of Biscay has always rushed to
their embrace— and Santa Clara has
think it was a comet or some other
similar body; others are of the opinion
that it Avas a meteor, resembling more
or less a shooting star, which trailed
slowly along at a little distance from
the ground so as actually to guide the
steps of the Magi. The gospel seems
to sanction the latter interpretation
when it says: The star "came and
stood over where the young child was."
A star, properly so called, would not
have indicated the spot with such pre
cision. Nevertheless, it is clear that
the significance of the sign was re
vealed in some way to the Magi.
Had the travelers exchanged ideas
previous to their arrival? It is very
probable that they had. No doubt their
caravans, though they started from
different points, met beyond the Jor
dan on the side of the mountains of
Moab, whence they entered the prom
ised land, still preceded by the star.
The word "house" used by the evan
gelists to indicate the place where the
Magi found the Messiah seems to point
to the conclusion that during the jour
ney of their visitors from the east Jos
eph and Mary had left the cave of the
nativity for a more comfortable dwell
ing.
It Is impossible to convey the ideas
aroused in the breast of the devout
Christian by the sight of Bethlehem
and its sanctified spots any better or
more clearly than in the pictures in
which I have tried to express my inter
pretation of thos« stirring scenes as
they must have taken place.
If. by my pictures and books, I have
been able to bring the Christ nearer to
the minds and hearts of Christians of
all lands, I am more than repaid for all
my labor. J. J. TISSOT.
ways stood between them. That through
the Queen Regent the world flocked
hither is a mere matter of detail.
Doubtless the prosperity of San Sebas
tian for the past ten years is due to
this influx of the world, but like a gay
new costume on some venerable and
dignified old lady one is rather sorry
to see the improvement and regrets the
stately indifference to fashion that city
and dame alike must lose in trying to
keep up with the world.
Why! it is said that not a decade be
fore Christina came to San Sebastian,
and when it was proposed to get up a
ball In honor of Queen Isabella, the idea
was abandoned because no woman in
the town owned a ball dress and it was
deemed useless to go to the expense of
a costume which could never again be
used until another advent of royalty.
All this is changed now, for more mag
nificent toilets I have never seen than
in San Sebastian a few years ago.
As a frontier town San Sebastian has
been the scene of many stirring events,
and has been snatched by the French
and torn back by the Spanish in half a
dozen terrible conflicts, each one of
which has left its stamp unon the
ancient city. As early as the ninth
century it was conquered by the
Romans, who called the place Izurum
Freed from the Roman yoke, it was
known as Ponosliga, which is Basque
for San Sebastian, and when Spain
having driven out the Moors, became
consolidated into one kingdom, the
Basque provinces of Guipuzcoa, Alva
and Vizcaya drew together refusing to
merge their ancient privileges in the
general government and like the Swiss
showed themselves so determined to
sacrifice life, rather than liberty, that
their claims soon took the form of
rights, and the little seigniory became
an imperlum in imperio governed by
Its own laws, having its own Legisla-
Photographed from the Famous Painting
of Tissot.
ture, tariff, tolls, police and army:
claiming exemption from conscription,
from imposts and from any interfer
ence on the part of Spain in the ad
ministration of justice.
The origin of the Basque people is
lost in antiquity. Noah is for them
quite a modern and familiar cousin. I
am not sure but that they, like the
Scotchman, had a little private and par
ticular ark In the time of the deluge
and declined to mix with Ham, Shem
and Japheth. Their language, as old
as themselves, bears no resem
blance to Latin, Celtic or any other
tongue. It consists of about 4000 words,
some of them sixteen syllables in
length, and it is so difficult that, as the
tradition runs, the devil, wishing to se
Walter Besant Discusses Church Going
One Hundred Years Ago.
tt TOULD you like to know how the people of London
$ \ A / observed their Sunday 150 years ago? The
Q \/ \ / churches were open, of course, and there were
Q I If two services in every one, and in some there
$ were three. Also the responsible and respectable
took his family to church, as a matter of course.
And he was also critical as to the sermon, which was gen
erally doctrinal. He made his apprentices go to church as
Wwell, and demanded the text when they came home as a
Qproof of attendance. Alas! he little knew that the boys
Qwere larking all the morning, and when the congregation
$came out stopped the old women and got the text from
£them.
q However, lam not at this moment concerned with the
goers, but with those who went elsewhere. And
formed the majority. The fields round the town were
.filled with companies of men called Rural Societies, who
about all the morning and dined together at a
Wtavern. The High Constables went their rounds among the
pretending to prevent the profanation of the day,
gbut they were squared by the publicans. A good deal of
business was transacted on this clay in the
w porch of St. Mary-le-Bow, on the Custom House quays,
Cand in the Temple Piazza, after the Bishop of London had
the nave of St. Paul's.
Informers went about threatening publicans, barbers and
"greengrocers for carrying on trade on the Sunday morning
Bunless they paid a little blackmail. A shilling was under-
Qstood to meet the case. Barbers sent their apprentices on
morning to shave the prisoners in the Fleet for
so that they might get practice. Poor French
Opeople walked about Spittal Field, and the fields of Seven
ftDials in search of dandelions to make salad. Children were
after ufternoon service, and a supper was given
afterward to celebrate the occasion. At this supper the
w nurse, it was allowed, could blamelessly get drunk. The
Cbead'.es of churches were bribed by beggars to let them sit
$on the steps and ask charity of the congregation coming
& out. It was the best business of the week. The rails before
w the houses of gentlemen were crowded with beggars.
Ck Ladies on their way to church, or on their return from
Qchurch, were followed by a footman carrying a long sticky
~or by a boy at least. He also carried the prayer books.
~When the ladies got home after church they did not dlsda'n
Oto slap their servants if dinner was delayed. The fields
the Tottenham Court road and the Foundling
wHospital were the resort of the sporting fraternity, who
here assembled to enjoy the innocent diversions of duck
and cat hunting, with prizefighting, quarterstaff
and other sports.
£ The worshipers in Whitefield's Tabernacle, which stood
here, looking out upon the sports, must have been 'edified
«by the language which fell upon their ears from without
$while the preacher expounded the word within. The plea*
£ure gardens were open all day long. People crowded to
them in the early morning for breakfast and stayed all
»day. At two there waa an ordinary; in the afternoon and
an organ recital; there was tea in the alcoves, and
oln the evening there was supper. The company was ex
mixed, but then these good people liked a mixed
"-company. The more it was mixed the better they liked If
CSperhaps because it enabled them to realize the superiority
£of their own virtue.
In the evening, when they reluctantly came away with
much punch as they could hold, they formed themselves
Qinto bands for purposes of protection; while the footnads
out on the road for single passengers, or haply
passengers, whom it was easy and a pleasure
8 And this waa the way of a Sunday in June or July, 1760.
duce the stanch Catholic people from
their allegiange, set himself to learn
their vernacular, and after devoting
several years to the study gave up both
the effort and the people. Hence the
Basque are to this day fervent Catho
lics, and Satan has never had a foot
hold in their domain.
Whether this be the case or not, they
are certainly a singularly noble, sim
ple-minded, honest, truthful people,
hospitable and generous to their friends
and dauntlessly brave to their enemies.
The Casino at San Sebastian, built
by a native of the city, is one of the
most magnificent in the world. The
immense establishment has conversa
tion halls, reading rooms, gorgeous
salons, a superb ball and concert room,
DID you ever hear the story of the conversion of the j
club critic? He criticised everything; he shuddered)
| if . you spoke jj of the Academy; |he fainted if you
talked of any popular novelist; the mere whisper of
• any living actor threw him into writhing 1 agonies.
; He would only acknowledge one living poet, a young j
gentleman of forty, and of bilious aspect and venomous !
tongue, who had brought out two little volumes in white [
and gold. Nobody had read him— it is a Philistine world—
except the club critic. He : found fault every day with
everything on the table. The mutton was execrable; the
wine was either corked or "gone off," or not what it pre
tended to be; and so on.
Now, his friends, who also thought pretty well of them
selves as critics, naturally resented the superiority of this
member; they, you see, could pass the Royal Academy
without a shudder, and they refused to read the one living
poet. But they observed - that, though this ultra-critical i
young man called the mutton bad names, he devoured it '
with apparent pleasure; and, while he cursed the claret,!
he drank it with seeming enjoyment. Also, that he read
the popular novelist secretly, and laughed; and he went to
the theater, and not only laughed, ; but also cried.
■ And one of them at last tried an experiment upon him.
This person repaired secretly to a lady of miraculous powers I
and of great modesty. She said she had spent thirty years
with the miraculous Mahatmas of Thibet, and had learned
how to work their miracles. And she confessed that among
those simple people she had lived as a kind of a goddess.
- So this member of the club went to her and said, "Do
the thing I ask and I will believe and become one of your
disciples." Then he sat down and whispered tremulously.
And there was ra v chink as of coin. And the lady laughed!
and said it should be done. - ■'■.'■'.":•■•
. Then she made a wax image and she called it after 'the !
name of . the critic, and she did not stick pins into it and
put ;it before the flre, but she made mesmeric passes, and
said she was going to 'illustrate telepathy; and she
whispered in the ears of the image. She was really a »
most wonderful woman, and her name, was Sapphira Endor
Then she turned a to that club man and she said- "Go He :
will dine at the club to-night. Dine with him."
The critic did dine at the club. That Is, he sat down
He tasted the soup. Suddenly there fell upon his palate
a sense — only : a sense— of that soup in its perfect form
he sighed, .: he pushed the ) plate away. ; When the fish rd'
peared he tasted it, but with loathing, because the sense of
perfection, ; the'; memory,- of the heights of flavor that fish
ought to possess, fell upon him, so he turned away dl<?
gusted. The unhappy man could' eat nothing So with th«
wine. He knew what it might have been Fe drank
nothing. UldnK
Need I go on? He had become the real critic not the'
sham critic. . He was cursed with the standard of the hiS I
est— the canon of Perfection. ;: ; , me nign- |
This misery lasted three days; he was half starved- hJ
could not read or even write a letter on accmin^nf : iS e
vision of Perfection which pursued him in 6
■■-: "My dear fellow," said ". his friend ■ "I halt m SVS V
seen ■ this coming on. It has been " your misfortn™ f 1 " 06
too fine » a taste. The : only : way to be ™ ,rS f I ? c t0 haVe
criticism, which would kill anyboS-, is to Jjitfvate°WnS e
ness of perception ; then you will like Tp«nv«« ate^ bl - "
than your favorite poet" with the bilious evJZ™^* 1 m ° re :
mous tongue. And you will like thTnLT* * the yen °- !
than your present gods." ; the. Royal Academy better
' "For Heaven's sake let me eft rM «<> ♦*,- v, I
the unhanpy critic, "and I win !fke LL nyn vt h S » horror '" said
Copyrighted, 1894-1895, by J. J. Tissot.
refreshment rooms of different grades,
card, biiliard and music rooms, ladies'
boudoirs, exquisitely decorated, dress
ing rooms, a playroom for children, a
hydropathic establishment, besides all
manner of baths. Pretty little mosques .
for the sale of flowers, of cigars or of
lemonade are found at every turn, as
well as hair dressers' establishments,
where languid gentlemen are shaved to
glow music and the tinkle of perfumed
fountains, all of which goes to prove
that the Queen Regent chose well her
summer home.
MRS. FRANK LESLIE.
Every other Austrian household and
every third Italian family contributes one
member to the national army.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.8
THE SAN FI?A^ CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1893.
BIG EVENTS OF 1899.
as foretold
Raphael,
London Astronomer.
AT Washington alarming: fires or accidents will occur in hotels or the
aters, attended with an appalling loss of life. Railways will prosper
and the traffic returns will be very heavy. The weather will ue
marked by great storms of wind, shocks of earthquake and strange
phenomena.
JUNE 21— At Washington the ingress takes place in the forenoon, when
Virgo will be rising and Gemini culminating. There will be strikes and
dissembllngs in the States, and a heavy record of crime and accident.
The weather will be unpropitious and wet, and damage the harvest. Seri
ous «hocks of earthquake will occur, and explosions or accidents in coal
mines. The President will suffer in health and popularity. There will be
a pood deal of excitement arid warlike rumors.
JANUARY— The passage of Saturn and Uranus through the ruling sign
of Spain will cause great misfortunes in that unhappy country, and the
r^trogradation of Mars in Leo will excite the minds of our neighbors across
the channel Italy, too, will feel the ill-effects. In Russia plots will be
hatched London "and the United States will suffer from crime and vio
lence and other misfortunes. JuDiter in Scorpio will benefit the northern
countries of Africa. In Ireland distress will be keen and widespread.
FEBRU A.RY-- The retrogradation of Mars in Cancer will trouble Er.tr
land India Scotland. China and Portugal. Sedition will be rife, terrible
accidents will" occur and the minds of the people will be unsettled and war
like In' Spain and Hungary trouble will occur in shoals, and insurrection
or civil war is very probable, The passage of Saturn and Uranus throueh
Sagittary 'will turn Spain upside down.
M ARCH— Railways and traveling will be unsafe, and many accidents
wllloccur Appalling disasters will occur in navigation. Toward the close
of the month public excitement in connection with foreign or colonial af
fairs will run very high. The quartile of Mercury and Mars at the full
moon threatens strifes and many fires and accidents in the land.
APRIL— The planetary transits are unfavorable for Spain, Turkey, the
United States and France, more especially toward the close of the month,
when Mars gets well advanced in thUsign Leo.
M\Y— The planetary transits for the month are similar to those for April,
for the passage 'of Herschel and Saturn through Sagittary will occupy
many years and months respectively. During this time we may expect ser
ious conflicts, in Spain especially, and probably an upset of the dynasty.
The United States will suffer likewise from the presence of those planets in
opposition to her ruling sign. London will be excited with unheardof acci
dents fires and robberies. The presence of Mars in Leo will excite the Gaul.
In Italy, also, passion will run high. Ireland will suffer from an inclement
Bea jUCCF— The entry°oV Mars into Virgo will be unfortunate for Turkey,
and plots and crime' will largely increase Paris will also be unfortunate
and suffer from storms. Portugal will be In trouble with some foreign pow
er Spain and the other countries named last month will still be under a
cloud, which the presence of Mars in Virgo will accentuate and intensify.
The retrogradation of Jupiter in Scorpio is favorable for Jvorthern Africa.
Scotland and Holland, but not for Ireland.
JULY— The may of the full moon on the 22d is important, as several
planets occupy prominent and Important positions There will be strange
disasters in navigation, collisions and wrecks. The occidental position of
Mars is fraught with a great deal of danger to the peace of Europe. Mens
Pa*F.icr.B will run high, and rumors of war will be thick m the air. This
position Is also unfavorable for our colonial possessions and for our «*■
leries. and explosions or disasters will occur in the latter. The weather
will be unpropitious for agriculture, and the harvest will be much below the
In" Turkey and Paris strange crimes will be committed, and murders
will be frequent; in Spain and the United States troubles will fall thick and
fast, and even London will not escape altogether.
AUviUST— Mara has now entered the sign Libra, find, as this sign rules
China we may expect troubles in th»t quarter, probably a fanatical attack
on some missionary station. Austria will also suffer from the presence of
Man In Its mling sign. The transits of Uranus and Saturn through the sign
Sagi'ttarv are very unpropitious for Hungary, and denote an excited si .•■•
of the populace, and a strong inclination to break away from the rule of
Austria and make itself into a separate kingdom.
SEPTEMBER— The transit of Mars in the sign Libra denotes much
trouble for China and a warlike or rebellious fooling. Crime will be fre
quent and terrible. England and In
dia trill also suffer in a lesser degree,
find chiefly by a prevalence of suicidal
mania. Strikes wiH occur, also colliery
disasters. The transits are also par
ticularly unfavorable for Spain, Lon
don r.nd the United States.
OCTOBER— There will be grave dan
ger of a rupture. Let those in a.'hnr
ity take heed, and not be rash or hasty
In their actions, otherwise the result
will be disastrous. There will be
shocks of earthquakes, tidal waves and
disasters in collieries. The autumn of
this year will witness many strange
and appalling events, which will strike
terror into the hearts of the stoutest
and cause a deep seated feeling of un»
rest and uncertainty as to what the
morrow may bring forth. It will be
demonstrated to our senses the little
ness of man and man's mind, and the
vastnesp of nature and nature's God.
NOVEMBER— Toward the close of
thin month tho grand conjunction in
seven planets In one sign will be ap
proaching', an event that does not oc
cur once in a thousand years. This
conjunction will mark an epoch — the
beginning of a new cycle. A great war
has yet to come in which the whole
of Furore will be embroiled and in which England will be one of the com
batants Many of my readers will live to see this war. for Its advent is
° DFCFMBFP strange to say that in this month, the last of the present
century, seven" planets will be found in the sign Sagittary on the 2d day. and
Junitef five degrees of the same sign, making the eighth. Following this tre
merdous conjunction a new era will arise, not immediately, for nature works
Blowlv and •■•urely and mother earth and her sons and daughters will have
to pass through throes of pain and terrific convulsions ere the new era
Mrs. Dr. A. D. Howe,
Trance Medium.
MY medium tells me that the new charter should go into effect. But
I have an uncertain feelinc. Probably this means that there will be
contention and wranslinsr about its passage. If justice is done the
charter will be passed and we will have an era of prosperity.
In a large measure this will be due to the Mayor. He is going
to make the most wonderful record of any man who has ever held the of
fice. Everything seems to look as favorable for him during office as it did
during election. For I knew then, even when his cause seemed to weaken,
that nothing could interfere with his final election.
We will have a great many rumors of war, but there will be no flirht
ing whatever. That is, no fighting during the next year, 1899.
Our State is very fortunate in its selection of a Governor. Governor
Gage will serve the "people faithfully and will rule justly.
There will be gold excitement, but it will be centered in California.
There is far more gold here thfxn in the Klondike.
I want to say particularly that there will be political reform. The de
plorable actions of the Board of Education find other officials will not be
repeated. We will have a year of municipal reform.
• • •
Rev. Irl R. HicKs,
St. Louis Weather Prophet,
WE predict that during the years of 1898 to 1901 there is to be a eri-
Jis of drought and a general shortage of crops in the Northern,
Northwestern an., some of the Central States.
The center of the next Jupiter disturbance will fall in the year
1900, and it is certain that two to three seasons during the Jupiter
equircctial periods will be years of minimum rainfall.
There are to be at least two seasons of great dryness and shortage of
crops in the great grain producing sections of the United States. The
drought will begin to be felt in IS9B (witness the total of 9.38 inches for last
winter in California, in the western and northwestern parts of our country;
the dryness will increase during 1899, and will probably reach a crisis in 1900.
Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and all the planets except Neptune are to con
gregate on the same side of the sun at about the time of the next Jupiter
equinox, and it is likely that phenomena of unusual character and force
may result— probably in the shape of an excess of earthquakes and storms
—in 1900 and 1901.
The moon is on the equator on December 18 of this year and it is likely to
Twill Be the Most Wonderful Year
of the Century.
• • •
Governor Gage Wiil Be
a Great Success.
Two Dry Years tor the
Northwest.
be cold everywhere, but the regular storm period centers on the 26th, with
the moon at extreme declination north. There will probably he a rising
temperature and falling barometer about Christmas day, and the hardest
storm of the season will very probably visit California between Christ
mas and New Year's day. '
This storm, I predict, will not average more than two inches of rainfall,
and there will be only light and scattered showers for the remainder of the
"rainy season." 1 .
A high baromoter with cold gales will follow this storm/ and although
there are to be some rains during January and February, they will be so
light that they will have little effect in bettering the situation.
That the season so far has been extremely dry all must admit, but in
ISSO, when the rain up to November 19 was only .06 of an inch, the entire
rainfall for the season was 5.56 over the normal.
• • •
Mrs. J. J. Whitoey.
Clairvoyarjt.
IN order to loam about the year 1899 I sat down, and no sooner did 1
grasp the poncil when I commenced to write under the control. I kept
writing "two years more, two years more." I most have covered three
sheets with these words. Then under the guidance of the control I wrote
"dry season, two years more."
I could get nothing else save this, though I tried time and again. It
kept repeating this same prophecy. So I fear that we will have dry sea
eons for the next two year?.
But I also felt, while under the control, that we are going to have a
remarkably healthful year. I cannot see any widespread epidemic, nor will
the death-rate from ordinary diseases be large. I feel that the people of
Ran Francisco are going to enjoy remarkably good health during the next
year.
Colonel Dan Burns will not be elected to the Senate. I felt that posi
tively while under the control, and I am never mistaken. I know that
Colonel Burns will be defeated as surely as I knew that Gage would be
elected Governor.
The defeat of Colonel Burns and the dry season for the next two years
were the only things the control would tell me that would be of general in
terest.
Mrs. Judith B. Dwyer,
Spiritual Header.
N assassination of national importance is imminent. Some time next
A year. I should judge in May. an attempt will be made on the life of
President McKinley. Whether it will be successful or not I cannot
say. If the President takes due precautions he may avert this aw
ful act.
For several months I have felt that he is in peril, and were it not that
I fear he would think it presumptuous I should have warned him pri
vately.
I am sure that Queen Victoria will live for seven years. This came to
me when I was moat responsive to the control, and has repeated itself
so often that I would be willing to take my oath that the Queen has
still seven years to live.
No one realises the possibilities of the Hawaiian Islands. There are
groat and valuable coal mice* lying there, unknown and undiSCOYered.
These will be found during the coming year, and will cause a tidal wave
of prosperity.
Through this and the discovery of new gold mines in California we will
have a prosperous year in San Francisco despite the dry year.
Ido not predict the drought that some say is sure tn prevail. But it
will rain very moderatel;- ..iroughout the State. The south will have the
heaviest downpour.
Crops will not be as large this year as last, and next year they will
be still smaller. For I feel that next year we will have a loner dry spell.
■During the coming year the United States and German^ will become in
volved in a war. What the immediate oausp of the war will lie I cannot
say. Nor do I seem to be able to tell whether the war will be a long or
short one. But I can say positively that there will be one. and in all prob
ability it will occur during the forthcoming year.
I feel that in spite of the outlook tho y^ar will be a very prosperous
one in San Francisco. The sold and coal discoveries in th.' Hawaiian
Islands will probably play an important part. I am sure that the farmer*
will be agreeably disappointed. It will not be a high-tide of prosperity for
them, but it will be far better than is expected.
* • *
Mrs. Dr. Terry,
Mediurr).
THERE are three houses in San Francisco that are marked by the
fire Hend. These three buildings are the Phelan building, the Par
rott building and the Palace Hotel. All three of these are so well
watched that it does not sound plausible to say that they are in
any danger. But it is bound to come.
While they will be more or less damaged none of them will burn to th«
ground. Nor will there be any loss of life. All three of these fires will
take place within the next eight months.
My medium tells me that the next Senator from California will be Grant
I know things look dark and unpromising for him now, but underneath
the cloud there is a silver lining. lam positive that Grant will take his
seat in the United States Senate.
We are going to have rain. Not in great quantities, but enough for the
crops. Things do not look as badly for the farmer as some would have us
believe.
Trade is going to be very brisk. Commerce will steadily increase. Al
together I can see that it will be a very prosperous year for San Frafl*
Cisco.
Mother Shiptor/s
Famous Prophecy, 1648.
A HOUSE of glass shall come to pass
In England; but alas!
War will follow with the work
In the land of the pagan and Turk,
And State and State in fierce strife
Will seek each other's life;
But when the North shall divide the South
An eagle shall build in the Lion's mouth.
Carriages without horses shall go,
- And accidents fill the world with woe;
Primrose Hill in London shall be,
And in Its center a bishop's see;
Around the world thoughts shall fly
In the twinkling of an eye.
Water shall yet more wonders do,
Now strange, yet shall be true;
The world upside down shall be
And gold found at the root of tree.
Through hills man shall ride,
And no horse or ass be by his side;
Under water men shall walk,
Shall ride, shall creep, shall talk;
In the air men shall be seen.
In white, in black, in greem.
Iron in the water shall float
As easy as a wooden boat;
Gold shall be found 'mid stones
In a land that's not now known;
Fire and water shall wonders do;
England shall at last admit a Jew;
The Jew that was held in scorn
Shall of a .Christian be borne and born.
Three times three shall lovely France
Be led to dance a bloody dance
Before her people shall be free;
Three tyrant rulers shall she see;
Three timps the people rule alone;
Three times the people's hope is gone:
Three rulers in succession see
Each spring from different dynasty.
Then shall the worser fight be done,
England and France shall be as one.
All England's sons that plow the land
Shall be seen, book in hand.
V Learning shn.ll so ebb and flow
The poor shall most wisdom know.
The world to an end shall come
In eighteen hundred and eighty-one.
Burns Will Not Be Elected
to the Senate.
• * •
California Will Have
a Prosperous Year.
Grant Will Be the
Next Senator.
• • •
Showing How Near She Came
to Foretelling Events.DISCUSSED BY
Geoeral O. O. Howard, U. S. A.
Judge W. W. Morrow
Robert S. Ingersoll
NATION ri?es from infancy to manhood and sinks from dotage to
M death.
Xl I think that the gret>t republic is in the morning of her life- the
/ sun just abuse the horiicn — the gras^ stili wet with dew.
Our country has the courage and enthusiasm of youth— her blood
flows full— her heart beats strong and her brow is fair. We stand on the
threshold of a great, a sublime career. All the conditions are favorable— the
environment kind.
The best part of this hemisphere is ours. We have a thousand million
acres of fertile land, vast forests, whole States underlaid with cool ranges of
mountains filled with iron, silver and gold, and we have seventy-five mil
lions of the most energetic, active, inventive, progressive and practical peo
ple in the world.
The great republic is a happy combination of mind and muscle, of head
and heart, of courage and good nature.
We are growing. We have the instinct of expansion. We are full of life
and health. We are about to take our rightful place at the 'head of the
nations. The great powers have been struggling to obtain markets. They
are fighting for the trade of the East. Th> y are ■< mending for China. We
watched but we did not act. They paid no attention to us or we to them.
Conditions have changed. We own the Hawaiian Inlands. We will own the
Philippines. Japan and China will be our neighbors— our customers, uur
interests must be protected. In China we want the "open door," and we wil
see to it that the door is kept open.
Th«> nation that tries to shut it will get its fingers pinched. We have
taught the Old World that the republic must be consulted.
We have entered on the great highway and we are destined to become
th^ most powerful, the most successful and the most generous of nations.
I am for expansion. The more people beneath the flag the better.
Let the republic grow.
uaauneey uepew
FOREIGN critic? say Americans boast of the bigness of their country.
There is no us^ denying the fact; we are big. We are not too large
fnr a destiny never so manifest as to-day. Cuba is under our protec
tion and certain to come under our flag by the vote of her people;
Port.. Rico Is ours; our foothold in the Philippines will never be sur
rendered, and the markets of the Far East are inviting us to compete with
the nations of Europe for their trade. Big as we are, the future is bigger
with duties, responsibilities and opportunities for our citizens.
The people of Cuba are assured by us of liberty and law. This richest of
Islands and of countries under the inspiration of peace and the opportuni
ties of liberty will attract from our shores tens of thousands of indus
trious and energetic citizens. It will become a paradise of happy homes
and Increase enormously in population and wealth. Whether it continues
lndepend mt under our protectorate or comes, as I believe it will and must
by the .vote of its r-itizens, under our flag, instead of being a burden, it
will mightily enrich our country, and furnish a market for the surplus of
our farms and our factories. Porto Rico also with its splendid climate
and rich soil is destined to iuvite from our country our people and our
products.
The responsibility of governing these countries and the Philippines is
nrreat, but the policy of governing them by recognizing the manhood of their
peoples has never been tried. Louisiana was a different problem from the
sent because of the sparse population, though Florida was not much
different with its Spanish peoples. The territories of Louisiana and Florida
have become great, rich and growing States. American institutions have
adjusted themselves to the government of Alaska, so that h^r people are
happy, and each year her product is many fold greater than her cost.
• • •
Sen. 0.0. .Howard, U. S.JL
THE prospect for the consummation of the treaty between the United
f-tates and Spain is >nly fair at this writing, notwithstanding a loud
cry from the Eastern States against imperialism and expansion,
coupled with the fears made public of many statesi en that we ar«
leaving a safe anchorage for uncertain and probably boisterous seas,
.he people of the land appear to me to have arrived at some permanent con
victions.
Firs' —That Cuba, Porto Rico and the Philippines should not and will not
be given back to Spain. Good men say that the Spanish Government, as
exhibited In her colonies, has been heaping upon her iniquities in the form
of avarice, cruelty, extortion and murder, till the measure is full to the over
flowing, and that for Spain the beginning of the end is upon her domain and
rule.
Second — That the revolt In the Phlppines against Spain's inhumanity and
(•elfish policy has been as pronounced though. not so long existing a-.; in Cuba.
The feeling among us is that when we were struggling in the darkest hours
of our revolution against the strong arm of the British King it was alto
gether right and noble for Lafayette to bring his means and his men to help
end the long conflict at Yorktown. So has it been altogether right and noble
for Columbia to intervene and aid the Cubans, i. c., the inhabitants proper
of Cuba, to gain their freedom and inaugurate 'a stable government."
The Philippines ha\*e come to us as an Incident of war, but their case is
In principle precisely the same as that of Cuba. True, they are farther off
from our shores, yet in these days of swift navigation and speedy communi
cation distance is of little importance.
The basal principle of our republic and of every true republic is that
the governed shall have a voice in the Government. In fact the germ thought
goes further; it is that the people shall govern themselves. Our strong de
eire is that in some way the Philippines shall exercise this self-gov
ernment. The news of it had found its way to the poorest of their inhabi
tants long before Admiral Dewey 'n-oke the Spanish power in that quar
ter of tl "We want a government, a free government, like that
of the United States." They rose in arms to resist tyranny for that. They
sought alliance with Dewey and M^rrttt for that, and it is altogether possible
for our Columbia t<< give them a sufficient protectorate to sccurf this boon
to all the Inhabitants of those Islands and make them a blessing to them
selves and contributors to the prosperity of other nations, from which pros
perity we snail naturally reap the first commercial advantage.
General T. d. .Morgan
b A /I. A A A A /£. A ,^ & it>
FROM thp day whf>n the early settlers landed on the Atlantic coast the
idea of territorial extension has been a pervading and dominant one.
The early settlers soon began to push out into the wilderness, into the
forest and • ver the mountains, so that when the thirteen original ?tates
became a nation they occupied a very considerable body of land reach-
Ing from tho Atlantic well out to the Ohio River. Then came the session
to the General Government of the Northwest Territory, lying between the
Ohio and Mississippi Rivers; then came the great Louisiana purchase, car
rying tho western border to tho Rocky Mountains; then the annexation of
Texas, the acquisition of torritory from Mexico, carrying our borders
across the mountains to the Pacific shore. In 1567 we purchased Alaska,
and in IS9S we have annexed Hawaii, and taken under our control Perro
Rico and the Philippine blonds. There Is nothing more striking in our
national history than this rapid, almost uninterrupted, territorial expan
sion. Considering its extent, its resources, its varied climates, its oceans,
lakes, rivers, plains and mountains, we have the most magnificent empire
under the sun.
f If this is a correct account of th" national Whence, !t -will help us to
indicate in broad outline nt least the national Whither. We cannot break
with the past. We cannot change essentially thpse formative forces which
have made us what we are. We cannot forfeit the proud position which wj
now hold among the nations of tho oarth. without being false to our fath
ers, faithless to our obligations ;;nd deaf to the call of duty.
The first great duty that devolves upon us as a people is to carry our
Robert G. Ingersoll
Dr. Lyman Abbott
Horatio StebbiQS, D.D.
/ think this $rea' republic U
in the morning of her life.
The open mirkei of thi Orient
7 rill absorb all the grain thy
Pacific Coast cm produce.
The consummation of our duty
a+ this critical period will
have a glorious fruitag •..
What we arr we are to con
tinue to^ be, but on ci grander
scale.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
DESTINY OF THE
NEW AMERICA
fundamental principles into more perfect practice. The constitution makea
all our citizens, regardless of race, free men, entitled to all the rights and
privileges and immunities of American citizenship. This is the ideal to
which we are committed. This is the standard by whnch we shall be Judged.
This is the loal toward which we are tending. We have not yet reached
it, and the national conscience should be raised to such a degree that it
will not tolerate anywhere within the limits of the republic any violation
of its fundamental conceptions of civil liberty.
We have not yet attained to absolute separation of church and state,
and there are multitudes of our citizens who have a very vague and un
certain notion of *he meaning of religious liberty. This anomaly should
be corrected. This shame should be removed. It should not be possible
to find air-where under the stars and strinea any spot so obscure that the
light of reUpious liberty has not penetratfd and illumined it.
• • •
Dp. Uyman Jlbbott
THE United States, many say, has not the right to acquire the Philip
pines and Cuba for the sake of expansion, and even further, that now
that we really have them we do not know how to handle them, else a
we establish an imperial government. This was not the view taken ?
by the President or the people who desired war in the name of human- <
ity. We have been criticized in the columns of our own press for taking pos- j
session of the Philippines. The United States weas criticized for taking
Louisiana. History but repeats itself to-day. The Louisiana deal was j
primarily protection. "You manage your own affairs in your own way," we \
said, "and we'll protect you."
I see no reason why it should be said that we took Cuba for ourselves
when one considers our actions in the matter. We conquered the Philip
pines, true! For ourselves? No; for the sake of liberty and humanity. I
want to see the United States protect these new possessions not only against
the enemies without, but also the insurrection and anarchy within. Why :
should not the United States protect them? Why should we not say to the
other nations, "Hands off: An attack on them is an attack on us. Keep
away. Give them a fair chance and they will govern themselves." And
when in time liberty has become a fact with these, our new possessions, \
when they are able to manage themselves and their affairs and their diffi
culties, I would then say to them. "Govern yourselves! Be independent!
Paddle your own canoe:" But not until they have recovered from the
strain of monarchial rule — not until they have recovered from the devasta
tions of war and the discontent of anarchy will they be able to be independ
ent of the protection we so generously offer them.
* • •
(Judge W. W. borrow
■ I have reached a critical period in our policy of territorial expan
1 I f sum. With the acquisition of new territory the- question of govern
\J^J ment must be considered. In our original thirteen States the ques- '
tion arose as to the government of outside territories. Seven States
claimed territory to the Mississippi. Six States had no outlying ter
ritories. Maryland refused to enter the confederation unless some under
standing was had with regard to the government of these territories. It
was finally agreed to cede the territories to the central government,
though Georgia did not cede hers for fourteen years.
Although Indian Territory, the District of Columbia and Alaska are gov
erned outside the constitution, I believe that the principles of that consti
tution are broad enough and expansive enough to rover schemes of gav
ernment in our newly acquired possessions. Ido not agree with Dr. Park
hurst that when the Spanish fleet at Manila was blown up the constitu
tion of the United States was blown up also.
My only fear is that the principles of the constitution may not be car
ried into the new territory. My idea Is, not that the Philippines should be
put in charge of either army or navy, but that there should be a school of
colonial service from which to sen i out trained Governors rather than
broken down politicians.
I find our constitution sufficiently broad to permit us to govern all our
pr-ople with the same wisdom and the same grandeur as Great Britain gov
erci hers, for I know that we ;>.re wise enough to provide for our new people
a government that will be for them a boon and for us a power.
We cannot at once give self-government to these people, but we can
have a trained force to govern them. The basis of our system of govern
n-ent Is the consent of the governed, and we must not depart from this
dectrine.
Other nations send out educated gentlemen as Consuls, while we send
out good for nothing politicians. The solution of the difficulty lies in train
ing a colonial service just as we train an army or a nayy — for a purpose.
When we find a people not yet fit to govern themselves we can have a
government like that of Alaska or the District of Columbia or the Indian
Territory.
* • •
.Horatio Stebbins, D. D.
SHIS war of ours with Spain was a little war, but its results have been
great and far reaching. It was a victory over a declining power
which has never established and maintained a successful colony. For
over four centuries Spain has cursed every foot of land on which she
has set her rule. The war has opened up new questions— new relations "of
the world and of mankind.
One great moral victory and result of the war has been the wiping out
of the prejudice and the passions which have ruled between the North and
South. It is the finger of Providence in the affairs of nations. The conflict
between the North and the South was "the irrepressible conflict."
But in the new America there is not any North nor any South. It Is a
great moral achievement.
The quarrel between England and America lasted for over a century.
But now prejudices are wearing out. We have been more touchy toward
England than she has been toward us. But we are getting over that, and
we find that we have one race which dominates the conditions of the earth.
We are on the verge of a repartition of the nations of the world.
Victory has entailed upon us great responsibilities, but I have a mighty
confidence that if we go forward the way will be opened out for us. We are '
called to take a new part in shaping the destinies of mankind, but I feel
about It as the ancient prophet did, "Fear not, for I am with thee."
• « a
Frank, .Newlands.
WITHIN the last century our country has expanded to a phenomenal
extent. From 800,000 square miles it has grown to 3,600,000,
■without considering our new acquisitions. Thus we have grown five
times in size as the result of war, diplomatic action and partly by
accident. The last few months have added greatly to our growth.
We have taken Porto Rico for good. We have taken Cuba for the purpose
of establishing a stable government there. This will ultimately result In the
absorption of that island by the United States. Hawaii has been taken and
practically we have taken the Philippines— l74o islands in number, with a
population of 9,000,000 souls.
The scheme of our growth has involved the necessity for the acquisition
of contiguous islands. We need. the Bahamas and the West Indies, because
they block the way to the Nicaragua canal, which will some day be built.
The acquisition of Cuba and Porto Rico fit well in our scheme of growth.
The acquisition of Hawaii tends to isolate us and to give us an outpost es
sential in our defensive line.
Asia is the field of conquest, and any attack aimed at us will be directed
against our Pacific Coast; and no attack could be successful without a
mid-Pacific coaling base. However, the acquisition of the Philippines is
hardly in line with our scheme of growth, for, whereas Hawaii means ter
ritorial defense, the Philippines mean conquest and colonial expansion.
I believe that this country's growth should be internal rather than ex
ternal. We have one-half the railroad mileage of the world; we produce
one-third of the steel, one-half the ~oal. nearly a quarter of the wheat, ten
thirteenths of all the cotton and four-fifths of the corn; while, judged by our
consuming capacity. 500,000 Americans are equal to all the 9,000,000 inhabi
tants of the Phelippines.
If we want to extend our field, let us extend it to the south, where these
so-called republics are disgracing civilization. If we tell England and Ger
many that they must not enter that territory, even though their coming
would bring stability of government, we must exercise some guardianship
ourselves.
Chauncey M. Depew
pranK G- Newlands
General T. J.Morgan
Ex-Corr>m<ssioner Indian Affair*
Let these islanders be taught ■■
to govern themselves and then
say to them, " Pad die your own •
canoe." ■■ j ]
■
My only fear is thai thsprinci"
. pies of the constitution m.ay
no L be cirri ed into the new
■ territory., ...
We are called to taJje a tv°,iu part
in shaping the destinies of
mankind.
I believs that this country's
growth should bs internal
rather than external.
910
THE GRAY FROCK
gill and wrongs of the matter are .erha* a mtle ob
scure, and It is possible <-v tare uu y need to
PS tl— is rea.iy no ffgM of al^nee^ to
Vj people have in understanding one another point of view. But
people have in understand n S one anotn^ . P t are the
. here, with a few lines added^y candid and sincere narrative,
xr facts as related in her obviouso , inrnme from landed
Miss Winifred Petheram's father q had an $ 3 0.000. or thereabouts;
estates of about $25,000 a year i% n etut P lfSl. the gardens delightful, the
his manor house was gJJJ^JgJgSBn tamed, the housekeeping
Btables handsome and lv n l ? on iel> m petheram had three sons 1 and
liberal, hospitable, a moat M" oaugp uf
four daughters; but the sons were suu . sHt hodv the two girls
any great expense. Mrs. Petneram was «. i" c
in the school room were no serious mat
ter; in fact; apart from the horses, Mil
dred and Winifred were, in a pecuniary
point of view, the most serious burden
on the family purse. For both were
pretty girls, gay and fond of society,
given to paying frequent visits in town
find country, and, in consequence, need
ing many frocks and a considerable
supply of downright hard cash. But
everybody was very comfortable: only
it was understood that at a period gen
erally referred to as "some day there
would be very little for anybody except
the eldest son. "Some day" meant, or
course when Mr. Petheram reluctant
ly died, and thereby brought his fam
ily into less favorable worldly circum
stances.
From this brief summary of the fam
ily's position the duty of Mildred and
Winifred (and, in course of time, of the
two girls in the schoolroom also) stands
forth salient and unmistakable. Mil
dred performed it promptly at the age
of 19 years. He was the second son
of a baronet, and his elder brother was
Bickly and unmarried; but, like a wise
young man. he took no chances, went
on the Stock Exchange and became ex
ceedingly well to do in an exceedingly
brief space ■•:' -something, in fact,
"came off" in South Africa, and when
that happens ordinary limits of time
find probability are suspended. So with
Mildred all was very well; and it was
odds that one of the boys would be
provided for by his brother-in-law.
Winifred had just as good chances
nay, better; for her sensitive face and
wondering eyes had an attraction that
Mildred's self-possessed good looks
could not exert. But Winifred shilly
shallied (it was her father's confiden
tial after-dinner word) till she was 21,
then refused Sir Barton Arnesbury, in
Itself a step of doubtful sanity, as was
generally observed), and engaged her
p. If to Howard Jackson, who made one
thousand a year, and had no prospects
except the doubtful one of maintain
ing his income at that level— unless,
that is, he turned out a genius, when
it was even betting whether a man*
sion or the workhouse awaited him; for
that depends on the variety of genius.
Having taken this amazing course,
Winifred was resolute and radiantly
happy; her relatives, after the neces
sary amount of argument, shrugged
their shoulders— the very inadequate
ultima ratio to which a softening civil
ization seems to have reduced relatives
In such cases.
"I can manage $1500 a year for her
while I live." said Mr. Petheram, wip
ing his brow and then dusting his
boots; he was just back from his ride,
"After that"—
"The insurance, my dear?" Mrs.
Petheram suggested. But her husband
shook his head; that little discrepancy
above noted, between five and six thou
sand a year, had before this caused the
insurance to' be a very badly broken
reed.
Harold Jackson— for in him the ex
planation of Winifred's action must be
sought— was tall, Rood looking, ready
of speech and decidedly agreeable.
There was no aggressiveness about
him, and his quiet manners repelled
any suspicion of bumptiousness. But
it cannot be denied that to him "Win.
lfred's action did. not seem extraordi
nary; he himself accounted for this by
saying that she, like himself, was an
Idealist, the boys by saying that he was
"stuck up." Mr. Petheram, by a fret
ful exclamation, that in all worldly mat
ters he was as blind as a new-born
puppy. Whatever the truth of these
respective theories, he was as con
vinced that Winifred had chosen for
her own happiness, as that she had
given him his. And in this she most
fully agreed. Of course, then, all the
shrugging of shoulders in the universe
could not affect the radiant content
ment of the lovers, nor could it avert
the swift passage of months which
soon brought the wedding. day in sight,
and made preparations for it urgent
and Indispensable.
Married couples, even though they
have only a precarious five hundred a
year, must live somewhere — no ideal
ism is independent of a roof; on the
contrary! it centers round the home, po
Harold said, and the -word home
seemed already sacred to Winifred as
her glance answered his. It was the
happiest day of her life when she put
on her dainty new costume of delicate
pray, took her parasol and gloves,
matched to a shade with her gown, and
mounted into the small dogcart which
Jennie, the new chestnut mare, was to
draw to the station. A letter had
come from Harold to say that, after
a long search, he had found a house
which would suit them, and was only
Just a trifle more expensive than the
maximum sum they had decided to give
for rent. Winifred knew that the
delicate gray became her well,
and that Harold would think
her looking very pretty; and she
«i a if. 0 '"*! 1° S V°*u er home and his. Her face was bright as
she kissed her father and jumped down from the dogcart, but he
sighed when she had left him. and his brow was wrinkled as he drove
Jennie back He felt himself growing rather old; "some day" did
not seem quite as remote as it used, and pretty Winnie-well, there
was no use in crying over it now. Willful girls must have their way,
and It was not his fault that confounded agitators had played the
deuce with the landed interest. The matter passed from his thoughts
as_he began to notice how satisfactorily Jennie moved.
Winifred's lover met her in London, and found her eyes still
bright from the reveries of her Journey. To-day was a gala day—
they drove off in a hansom to a smart restaurant in Piccadilly, jok
ing about their extravagance. Everything was perfect to Winifred,
except (a small exception, surely!) that Harold failed to praise,
seemed almost not to notice, the gray costume; it must have been
that he looked at her face only!
"It's not a large house, you know," he said at lunch., smiling at
her over a glass of Graves.
"Well, I shan't be wanting to get away from you," she answered
smiling. "Not very far, Harold."
"Are your people still abusing me?"
He put the question with a laugh.
"They never abused you. only me." Then came the irrepressible
question: "Do you like my new frock? I put Jt on on purpose — for
the house, you know."
"Our home," he murmured, rather sentimentally. It must be con
fesppd. The question about the frock he did not answer; he was
thir-itinje of the home. Winifred was momentarily grateful to a stout
BY ANTHONY HOPE
Truthful James
and the
Klondiker
r| £ woz'siuin' ftee— like ez vpu and 'me-4in_ouri camp on thfc- Stanisiow,
|| |] Round] a roann 1 fire-'of bresh andfbnar'.stirrecJ up by a pitch-pine bough;
'W' Ami Jones of {YJ>!o had finished hk solojon Bilson's prospectin'-pan
i And we nil woz gay 6n til 'Jefferson Clai- kemjlin with a,J<londike jman.(.^"S
Now all this seemecftrue£and quite natural, too. and then he spoke of the "gold,*
'And we all sot up. and reTilled his cup. and this is the yarn he told: i
There was gold m heags^-but it's there it keeps, and will keep till the Judgment Day^ J
For it's very rare that a man gets there — and the man that ts there must stay! C ' >'
/*'Z/» .---7 v *-'■ ~'
It's a thousand miles by them Russian isles till you come on to "Fort Get There" » *7" *\.
( Which the same you are not if you'll look at the spot on the map that of gold is bare), *-^^ .
Then a River begins that the Amazon skins and the big Mississippi- knocks out — • ~ r "~' .•
For it's seventy miles 'cross its mouth when it smiles, and — you've only begun your route. |
— - f f I *~ ''■'♦■"" -•■-■ "'.; 1. "• '■' •■*
Y<j\f needn't c.ire — for I "never was there." said that simple Klondike manj-r^^
"I'm a company-floater and business promoter — and this is my little plan r _-., <$>£*,
I show yon the dangers to which you are strangers, and now for a sum you'll learn
How you can expect vs — as per this Prospectus^rto insure your safe return."
■ — • rr^r-7^ — --«-- — — — - _— v. *- ir?
Then Bilson stared, and he almost r'ared. but he spoke In a calm-like tone
"You'll excuse me for saytn' you're rather delayin' your, chance to insure your own! i "°- ' ' )
For we're way-worn and weary, your style isn't cheery fwe've, had quite enough of your game:"*?
And what did affect us 4— he took that Prospectus, and crjucked it right into the flame!
THE SAN FIIAIS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
lady at the next table, who put up her glass, looked at the frock, and
with a nod of approval called her companion's attention to it. This
was while Harold paid the bill.
Then they took another cab and headed north — through Berkeley
Square, where Winifred would have liked, but did not expect to stop,
and so up to Oxford street. Here they bore considerably to the east,
then plunged north again and drove through one or two long streets.
Harold, who had made the journey before, paid no heed to the route,
but talked freely delightful hours which they were to enjoy to
gether, of books to read and thoughts to think, and of an intimate
sympathy which, near as they were already to one another, the home
and the home life alone could enable them fully to realize. Wini
fred listened, but far down in her mind now was another question
hardly easier to stifle than that about the frock. "Where are we go
ing to?" would have b. j en its naked form, but she yielded no more to
her impulse than to look about her and mark and wonder. At last
they turned up a sharp twist from a long, narrow street into a short,
narrower street, where a wagon by the curbstone forced the cab to a
walk, and shrill boys were playing an unintelligible, noisy game.
"What queer places we pass through!" she cried with a laugh, as
she laid her hand on his arm and turned her face to his.
"Pass through: We're at home," he answered, returning her
laugh. "At home, Winnie!" He pointed at a house on the right
hand side, and immediately after the cab stopped. Winifred got
out, holding her skirt back from contact with the wheel. Harold, in
his eagerness to ring the doorbell, had forgotten to render her this
service. She stood on the pavement for a moment looking about her.
One of the boys cried: "Crickey, there's a swell!" and she liked the
boy for it. Then she turned to the house.
"It wants a lick of paint," said Harold cheerfully as he rang the
bell again.
"It certainly does," she admitted looking up at the dirty walls.
An old woman opened the door; she might be said, by way of
metaphor, to need the same process as the walls; a very narrow
passage was disclosed behind her.
I No\v/1 most despise low'jlanguage and — as I .used to remark to Kyc\.'^^W* =r
|j -'But 'the soul of Truth-^though he Was. but a youth— out of that stranger's eye; •
* f^rtdtne things he saidjl hadjrequent read in the papers down on "the Bay," ■Jj|^ -
*jk>And the^vords he chooi^ecKwoz the kim]_wot used in the best theayter play.j^^^^
"■Welcome!" said Harold, giving Winifred his hand and then pre
senting her to the old woman. "This is my future wife," he ex
plained. •'We've come to look at the house. But we won't bother
you, Mrs. Elhlgett, we'd rather run over it by ourselves. We shall
enjoy that, shan't we, Winnie?"
Winnie's answer was a little scream and a hasty clutch at her
gown; a pall of dirty water, standing in the passage, had threatened
ruin; she recoiled violently from this peril against the opposite wall
and drew away again, silently exhibiting a long trail of dark dust
on her new gray frock. Harold laughed as he led the way Into a
small, square room that opened from the passage.
"That's the parlor," said the old woman, wiping her arms with
her apron. "You can find your way upstairs; nothing's locked." And
with thia remark she withdrew by a steep staircase leading under
ground.
"She's the caretaker," Harold explained.
"She doesn't seem to have taken much care," observed Winifred,
still indignant about her gown and holding it round her as closely as
drapery clings to an antique statue.
Miss Petheram's account of the house, Its actual dimensions, ac
commodation and characteristics, has always been very vague,' and
since she refused information as to its number in the street, verifica
tion of these details has remained Impossible. Perhaps it was a rea
sonably capacious, although doubtless not extensive, dwelling; per
haps, again, it was a confined a_nd well-nigh stifling den. She re
membered two things — first, its all-pervading dirt; secondly, the re
markable quality which (as she alleged) distinguished its atmos
phere. She thought there were seven "enclosures," this term being
Here Bilson arose with a keerless-like pose, and he gazed on (hat Klondike youth,
i And he says: "Fair Sir. don't think I infer that your words are not words of truth,
■ Cut I'd simply ask why-psinci-that all men must die — your spernt is wanderin-' here,
"When at DawsonJOTv^tl^rnore'sHhe pity — you've bin froz up nigh 3 year'"—-^ >,^
rjTh*n"oar roarin' fire of hre^h and of briar flashed up on the StanTsWri m * r^^^r^'^.4
4 And Jefferson Clay wont softly away with that youth with a downcast brow; _, _v N
* And Jones of Yolo repeated his solo on that still calm 'evening air: "
thought with a shiver of Yukon River and the Fort that was called "Get There.."""
arrived at (after discussion) as a compromise between "rooms" and
"pens," and she knew that the windows of each of these enclosures
were commanded by the windows of several other apparently similar
and very neighboring enclosures. Beyond this she could give no
account of her first half hour in the house; her exact recollection
began when she was left alone in the enclosure on the first floor
which Harold asserted to be the drawing room Harold himself hav
ing gone down stairs to seek the old woman and elicit from her
Borne information as to what were and were not tenant's fixtures in
the said enclosure. "You can look about you," he remarked cheerful
ly as he left her, "and make up your mind where you're going to have
your favorite seat. Then you shall tell me, and I shall have the
picture of you sitting there in my mind." He pointed to a wooden
chair, the only one then in the room. "Experiment with that chair,"
he added laughing. "I won't be long, darling."
Mechanically, without considering things which she obviously
ought to have considered, Winifred sank Jnto the designated seat, laid
her parasol on a small table, and leant her elbows on the same piece
of furniture as she held her face between her gloved hands. The at
mosphere again asserted its peculiar quality; she rose for a moment
and opened the window; fresh air was gained at the expense of
spoiled gloves, and was weighted with the drawbacks of a baby s
cries and an inquisitive woman's stare from over the way. Shut
ting the window again, she returned to her chair— the symbol of
what was to be her favorite seat in days to come, her chosen cor
ner In the house which had been the subject of so many talks and
bo many dreanfs. There were a great many flies in the room; the
noise of adjacent humanity in street and houses was miscellaneous
and penetrating; the air was very close. And this house was rather
more expensive than their calculations had n.llowpd. They had im
mensely enjoyed making those calculations down there in the country^
under the old yew hedge, and in sight of the flower beds beneath the
library window. She remembered the day they did it. There was a
cricket match in the meadow. Mildred and her husband brousrht the
drag over and Sir Barton came in his tandem. It was almost too
hot in the sun, but simply delightful in the shade. She and Harold
had had great fun over mapping out their $2500 a year and proving
how much might be done with it — at least compared with anything
they could want once they had the great thing that they wanted.
The vision vanished; she was back in the dirty little room again;
she caught up her parasol; a streak across the dust marked where
it had lain on the table; she sprang up and twisted her frock round,
craning her neck back; ah, that she had reconnoitered that chair.
She looked at her gloves; then with a cry of horror she dived for her
handkerchief, put it to her lips, and scrubbed her cheeks; the hand
kerchief came away soiled, dingy, almost black. This last outrage
overcame her; the parasol dropped on the floor, she rested her arms
on the table and laid her face on them, and she burst into sobs,
just as she used to in childhood when her brothers crumpled a clean
frock or somebody spoke to her roughly. And between her sobs she
cried almost loudly, very bitterly: "Oh, it's too mean and dirty and
horrid!"
Harold had stolen softly upstairs, meaning to surprise the girl
he loved, perhaps to let a snatched kiss be her first knowledge of his
return. He flushed red, and his lips set sternly; he walked across
the room to her with a heavy tread. She looked up, saw him, and
-He talked ofjsnows and.of whfejcy wofiroze injthe solidest kind'of chunk.? n v \\t M
■ VVluch it took just a poiind to Yo fairlvl around when the boys hitd a first-class (lrunk, \\ '
And of pork that was dhlled bah! witH dynamite filled before v would yield to a blow 1| i!
For things vJill be strange when thermometers ijange to "sixty degrees helou-.f' ]/ vC'J j
/HcJw ihVy made? soup of boors— wftich the oldest best suits—and a "fry" from a dancin' shop (1
H'oVnn Yui<^Valley a corps de bally might get up a fine "menoo " JK |i .JUsJ '
But their re£ula£ fare, when they'd nothin' to spare and had finisMedJtheir.final rnule.j *fjf[j" 1
.. Was the harness leather; which with! hiclcs went together, though the last djdn'tji count, as a rulfe
knew that her exclamation had been overheard.
"What in the world is the matter?" he asked in a tone of cold sur
prise.
It was very absurd — she couldn't stop crying; and from amid her
weeping nothing more reasonable, nothing more adequate, nothing
less trivial would come than confused murmurs of "My frock, Har
old!" "My parasol!" "O, my face, my gloves!" He smiled contemptu
ously. "Don't you see?"- she exclaimed, exhibiting the gloves and
parasol.
"She what. Are you crying because the room's dirty?" He
paused and then added, "I'm sorry you think it mean and horrid.
Very sorry, Winifred."
Offense was deep and bitter in his voice; he looked at her with a
sort of disgust; she stopped sobbing and regarded him with a gaze
in which fright and expectation semed mingled, as though there were
a great peril and just one thing that might narrowly avert it. But
his eyes were very hard. She dried her tears and then forlornly
6crul bed her cheeks again. He watched her with hostile curiosity,
appearing to think her a very strange spectacle. Presently he spoke.
"I thought you loved me. O, I daresay you thought so, too, till I
came into competition with your new frock. I beg pardon — I
must add your gloves and your parasol. As for the house, it's no
doubt mean and horrid; we were going to be poor, you see." He
laughed scornfully, as he added, "You might even have had to do a
little dusting yourself now and then! Horrible!"
"I Just sat there and looked at him." That was Winifred's own
account of her behavior. It is not very explicit, and leaves room for
much conjecture as to what her look said or tried to say. But what
By Brer Harte
ever the message was he did not read it. .-c was engrossed in his
own indignation, readier to hurt than to understand, full of his own
wrong, of the mistake he had made, of her extraordinary want of love,
of courage, of the high soul. Very likely all this was a natural
enough state of mind for him to be In. Justice admits his provoca
tion; the triviality of her spoken excuses gave his anger only too fine
an opportunity. He easily persuaded himself that there was a reve
lation of the real woman, a flash of light that showed her true na
ture, showing, too, the folly of his delusion about her. Against all
this her look and what it asked for had very little chance, and she
gould find no words that did not aggravate her offense.
"This is really rather a ludicrous scene," he went on. "Is there
any use in prolonging it?" He waited for her to speak, but she was
still tongue-tied. "The caretaker needn't be distressed by seeing the
awful effects of her omission to dust the room, but if you're com
posed enough, we might as well go." He looked around the room.
"You'll be glad to be out of this," he ended.
"1 know what you must think of me," she burst out, "but— but
you don't understand — you don't see — "
"No doubt I'm stupid, but I confess I don't. At least there's only
one thing I see." He bowed and waved his hand toward the door.
"Shall we go?" he asked.
She led the way down stairs, her skirt again held close and raised
clear of her ankles. Her care for it was not lost on Harold as he fol
lowed her, for she heard him laugh again with an obtrusive bitterness
that made his mirth a taunt. The old caretaker waited for them In
the passage.
"When'll you be coming, sir?" she asked.
"I don't know. It's not certain we shall come," said he. "The
lady is not much taken with the house."
"Ah, well!" sighed the old woman resignedly.
For an account of their drive back to the station materials are
again sadly wanting. "He hardly said a word, and I did nothing but
try to get my face clean and my gloves presentable," was Winifred's
history of the Journey. But she remembered— or chose to relate— a
little more of what passed while they waited for the train on the
platform at Euston. He left her for a few minutes on pretext of
smoking a cigarette, and she saw him walking up and down, ap
parently In thought. Then he came back and sat down beside her.
His manner was grave now; to judge by his recorded words, perhaps
it was even a little pompous; but when may young men be pompous
If not at such crises as these?
"It's no use pretending that nothing has happened, Winifred." he
said. "That would be the hollowest pretense, not worthy, I think
of either of us. Perhaps we had better take time to consider our
course and— cr — our relations to each other."
"You don't want to marry me now?" she asked simply.
"I want to do what is best for our happiness," he replied "We
cannot forget what has happened to-day."
"I know you would never forget it," she said.
He did not contradict her; he looked first at his watch, then
along the platform for the approach of her train. To admit that
he might forget it was impossible to him; in such a case forgetful
ness would be a negation of his principles and a slur on his percep
tion. It would also be such a triumph over his vanity and his prida
as it did not lie in him to achieve, such a forgiveness as his faults
and virtues combined to put beyond tho
power of his nature. She looked at
him, and "I smiled," she said, not
seeming herself to know why she had
smiled, but conscious that, in the midst
of her woe, some subtly amusing
thought about him had come into her
mind. She had never been amused at
him before; so she, too, was getting
some glimmer of a revelation out of
the day's experience — not the awful
blaze of light that had flashed on Har
old's eyes, but a dim ray, just enough
to give cause to that puzzled smile fop
which she could not explicitly account.
So they parted, and for persons who
have followed the affair at all closely
It is hardly necessary to add that they
never came together again. This is
sue was obvious, and Winifred seems
to have made up her mind to it that
very same evening, for she called her
mother Into her room (as the good lady
passed on the way to bed), and looked
up from the task of brushing the gray
frock which she had spread out on the
"Well, or words to that effect," said
I. "That when he did all this and saw
all this, you know, he loved you more,
and knew that you loved him more
than he had dared to dream, with a
deeper love, a love that gave up for
him all that you loved next best and
second only to him; that after seeing
your tears he would never doubt again
that you would face all trials and all
troubles with him at your side. Don't
you think if he'd said something of
that kind, accompanying his words
with the appropriate actions" I
"Well?" asked Winifred.
"Don't you think you might have
been living in that horrid little house
now instead of being about to con
tract an alliance with Sir Barton Amea
"How do you know I shall do that?"
"It needs," I observed modestly, "lit
tle skill to discern the approach of the
Inevitable." I looked at her thought
ful face and at her eyes; they had
their old look of "wondering in them.'
"Don't you think that, if he'd treated
the situation in that way?" I ask^d.
"Perhaps," she said softly. "But he
wouldn't think of all that. He was
such an idealist."
I really do not know why she an
plied that term to him at that moment
except that he used to apply it to him
self at many moments. But since It seemed to her to explain hia
conduct there's no need to auarrel with the epithet.
"And I hope," said I, "that Hie gray frock wasn't irretrievably
ruined?"
"I've never worn it again," she murmured.
So I suppose it was ruined— unless she has some other reason.
But she would be right to treat it differently from other frocks; it
must mean a good deal to her, although It failed to mean anything
except its own pretty self to Mr. Jackson.
QUEER THINGS OF 100 YEARS AGO,
ONE hundred years ago, no public library In the United States.
One hundred years ago, the only hat factory made cocked hats.
One hundred years ago, 50 cents was good pay for a day's labor
One hundred years ago, Virginia had one-fifth the population of
the United States.
One hundred years ago, two stages carried all the travel betwM«
New York and Boston. <.ween
One hundred years ago, a whipping-roost and pillory were standing
In New York. U '"S
One hundred years ago, beef, pork, salt fish, potatoes and hnmin,
were staple diet the year round. «ummy »
One hundred years ago, buttons were scarce and trousers war*
fastened with pegs and laces. w * r *
"I don't think I shall marry Mr.
Jackson, now, mother," she said.
Mrs. Petheram looked at her daugh
ter and at her daughter's gown.
"You'd better tell me more about it
to-morrow. You look tired to-night,
dear," she replied.
But Winifred never told her any
more — in the first place, because the
family -was too delighted with the fact
to care one straw about how it hail
come to pass, and, in the second place,
on the more important ground that the
thing was really too small, too trivial,
and too absurd to bear telling — at least
to the family. To me, for some rea
son or other, Winifred did tell it, <>r
some of it, enough, anyhow, to enable
me with the help of a few touches <.f
imagination to conjecture how it oc
curred.
"Don't you think it was very ab
surd?" she asked at the end of h<-r
story. We were sitting by the yew
hedge, near the library windows, look-
Ing across the flower beds to the
meadow; it was a beautiful day, and
the old place was charming. "Because ."
Bhe added. "I did love him, you know;
and it seems a small thing to separate
about, doesn't it?"
"If he had behaved differently"— I
began.
"I don't see how he could be expected
to," she murmured.
"You expected him to," I said firmly.
She turned to me with an appearance
of interest, as though I might be able
to interpret to her something that had
been causing her puzzle. "Or you
wouldn't have looked at him aa you
say you did — or smiled at him, as you
admit you did. But you were wrong
to expect him to, because he's not that
kind of a man."
"What kind of a man?"
"The kind of man to catch you in
his arms, smother you in kisses (allow
me the old phrase), tell you that ha
understood all you felt, knew all you
were giving: up, realized the great thing
you were doing for him."
Winifred was listening. I -went on
with my imaginary scene of romantio
fervor.
"That when he contrasted that mean
little place with the beauties you -were
accustomed to, with the beauties which,
were right and •"roper for you, when
he saw your daintiness soiled by that'
dust, that gown whose hem he would
"He needn't say quite as much as
that," interrupted Winifred, smiline a.
little.I m E "ere four In the patio. And the patio was magnificent.
1 / ? vith a terrace of marble running round its four sides, and
1 I•/ ' n the mid<ile a fountain splashing in &. marble basin. I
-will not swear to the marble; for I was a boy of ten at
the time, and that is a long while ago. But I describe as
I recollect. It was a magnificent patio, at all events, and
the house way a palace. And who the owner might be, Felipe per
haps knew. i:ut he was not one to tell, and the rest of us neither
Knew nor cared.
The two women lay stretched on the terrace, with their heads
Close together and resting against the house wall. And I sat beside
them gnawing a bone. The sun shone over the low eastern wall upon
the fountain and upon Felipe perched upon the rim of the basin,
witn his lame leg stuck straight and his mouth working as he
rastened a nail in the end of his beggar's crutch.
I cannot tell you the hour exactly, but it was early morning, and
tne date the 24th of February, 1671. I learned this later. We in the
paiio aid not bother ourselves about the date, for the world had come
t? ff n v. c aml we were the last four left in it. For three weeks we
nad been playing hide-and-seek with the death that had caught and
swallowed every one else; and for the moment it was quite enough
ror the women to sleep, for me to gnaw my bone in the shade, and
ror Felipe to fasten the loose nail in his crutch. Many windows opened
on tha patio. Through the nearest, by turning my head a little. I
could see into a noble room lined with pictures and heaped with
turniture and turn hangings. All of it was ours, or might be, for
ru^i 1 c of ste PP in < Inside and taking possession. But the bona
U had killed a dog for it) was a juicy one, and I felt no inclination
to stir. There was the risk, too, of infection— of tht- plague.
•"Hullo!" cried Felipe, slipping on his shoe, with the heel of which
he had been hammering. "You awake?"
I put Felipe last of us in order, for he was an old fool. Yet I
must say that we owed our lives to him. Why he took so much
trouble and spent so much ingenuity in saving them is not to be
guessed; for the whole city of Panama comprehended no two lives
more worthless than old Dona Teresa's (as we called her) and mine;
and as for the Carmelite, Sister Marta, who had joined our ad
ventures two days before, she, poor soul, would have thanked him
for putting a knife into her and ending her shame.
But Felipe, though a fool, had a fine sense of irony. And so for
three weeks Dona Teresa and I— and for forty-eight hours Sister
Marta too— had been lurking and doubling, squatting in cellars, crawl
ing on roofs, breaking cover at night to snatch our food, all under
Felipe's generaiship. And he had carried us through. Perhaps he
had a soft corner in his heart for old Teresa. He and she were just
f an age, the two most careless-hearted outcasts in Panama; and
knew each other's peccadilloes to a hair. I went with Teresa. Heaven
knows in what gutter she had first picked me up. but for professional
ends I was her starving grandchild, and now reaped the advantages
: ;hat dishonoring fiction.
"How can a gentleman sleep for your thrice-accursed hammer
ing?" was my answer to Felipe Fill-the-Bag.
"The city is very still this morning," he observed, sniffing the air,
which was laden still with the scent of burnt cedar wood. "The
English dogs will have turned their backs on us for good. I heard
their bugles at daybreak; since them, nothing."
"These are fair quarters, for a change."
He grinned. "They seem to suit the lady, your grandmother.
She has not groaned for three hours. I infer that her illustrious
sciatica is no longer troubling her."
Our chatter awoke the Carmolite. She opened her eyes, unclasp?d
her hand, which had been locked round one of the old hag's, and
Dp blinking, with a smile which died away very pitiably.
"Good morning, Senorita," said I.
She bent over Teresa, but suddenly drew back with a little "Ah!"
and stared, holding her breath.
"What is the matter?"
She was on her knees, now; and putting out a hand, touched
Teresa's skinny neck with the tips of two lingers.
"What is the matter?" echoed Felipe, coming forward from the
fountain.
"She is dead!" said I, dropping the hand which I had lifted.
"Jesu " began the Carmelite, and stopped; and we stared at
cne another, all three.
With her eyes wide and fastened on mine. Sister Marta felt for
the crucifix and rope of beads which usually hung from her waist.
It was gone; but her hands fumbled for quite a minute before ihe
loss came home to her brain. And then she removed her face from
us and bent her forehead to the pavement. She made no sound, but
I saw her feet writhing.
"Come, com"," said Felipe, and found no more to say.
I can guess now a little of what was passing through her un
happy mind. Women are women, and understand one another. And
Teresa, unclf-an and abandoned old hulk though she was, had stood
by this girl when she came to us, flying out of the wrack like a lost
ship. "Dear, dear, dear" — I remembered scraps of her talk — "tl.e
good Lord is debonair, and knows all about these things. He isn't
like a man, as you might say"; and again, "Why bless you, He's
not going to condemn you for a matter that I could explain in five
minutes. 'If it ccmes to that,' I should say — and I've often'noticed
that a real gentleman likes you all the better for sp.eaking up— 'lf
It comes to that, Lord, why did You put such bloody-minded pirates
Into the world?' New to my thinking"— and I remember her rolling
a leaf of tobacco as she said it — "it's a great \:\>\>.. jwrncnt to the
miml to h.'ive been through the battle, whether you have won or
lost; and that's why, when on earth, He chose the likes of us for
company."
This philosophy was not the sort to convince a religious girl; but
I believe it comforted her. Women are women, p as I said; and when
the ship goes down a rotten plank is better than none. So the
Carmelite had dropped asleep last night with her hand locked round
Teresa's; and so it happened to Teresa this morning to be lamented.,
and sincerely lamented, by one of the devout. It was alirost an
edifying end; and the prospect of it, a few days ago, would have
tickled her hugely.
"But what did she die of?" I asked Felipe, when we had in deli
l eacy withdrawn to the fountain, leaving the Carmelite alone with
her grief.
He opened his mouth and pointed a finger at it.
"But only last evening I offered to share my bone with her; and
ehe told me to keep it for myself."
"Your excellency does not reason so well as usual," said Felipe,
without a smile on his face. "The illustrious defunct had a gnat
affection for her grandchild, which caused her to overlook the am
biguity of the relationship — and other things."
"But do you mean to say "
"She was a personage of great force of character, and of some
virtues which escaped recognition, being unusual. I pray," said he,
lifting the rim of his rusty hat, "that her soul may find the last
peace! I had the honor to follow her career almost from the be
ginning. I remember her even as a damsel of a very rare beauty;
but even then, as I say, her virtues were unusual, and less easily
detected than her failings. I, for example, who supposed myself to
know her thoroughly, missed reckoning upon her courage, or I had
epent last night in seeking food. I am a fool and a pig."
"And consequently, while we slept "
"Excuse me; I have not slept."
"You have been keeping watch?"
"Not for the buccaneers, my Lord. They left before daybreak.
Put the dogs of the city are starving, even as we; and like us they
have taken to hunting in company. Now this is a handsome court
yard, but the gate does not happen to be too secure.
I shivered. Folipe watched me with an amiable grin.
"Are we three the only souls in Panama?"
Felipe rubbed his chin. "I think there is one other. But he is a
philosopher, and despises purple and linen. We who value them,
within reason, could desire no better subject." He arose and treated
me to a regal bow. "Shall we inspect our legacy, my brother, and
make arrangements for the coronation?"
"We might pick up something to eat on the way," said I.
Felipe hobbled over to the terrace. "Poor old "he muttered,
touching the corpse with his staff, and dwelling on the vile word
With pondering affection. "Senorita," said he aloud, "much grief is
not good on an empty stomach. If Juan here will lift her feet "
We carried Dona Teresa into the large cool room, and laid her
on a couch. Felipe tore down the silken hangings from one of the
windows and spread them over .her to her chin, which he tied up
the yellow kerchief which h^d been her only headgear for years.
nThe Carmelite meanwhile detached two heavy silver sconces from a
great candelabrum and set them by her feet. But we could find no
tinder-box to light the candles— big enough for an altar.
"She will do handsomely until evening," said Felipe, and added
under his breath, "But we must contrive to fasten the gate of the
, patio."
"I will watch by her," naid Sister Marta.
Felipe glanced at us and shook his head. I knew he was thinking
( f the dogs. "That would not do at all, Senorita. 'For the living,
the living," as they say. If we live, we will return this evening nnd
attend to her; but while my poor head remains clear (and Heaven
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
knows how long that will be) there is more important work to be
"To bury the dead—"
won "RaDhapf t°n ♦** £ even cor Poral acts of mercy, Senorita, and it
shuts himself ,? the , house of obit. But in this instance Raphael
was we mh ft £ and ,\ c must *° to him. While Teresa lived, all
Jits not tn IT' 1 with two lives depending on my wits, and my
coi ence to tn Pei }? ed on for an hour it does not suit with my
consc^enc? to w aste me in finding: you another protector."
But they— they have gone?"
with them." an dd ° gS have gone ' and have taken the c!t >s victuals
'•1 d ° not want to live, my friend." '
mind/ 1 d ° not think that Juanito. here, is quite of your
andt G e SBStSL '%& S£SS£. "* *° *«* * c Mld:
chafed hp™° en ,f d^ Upon a narrow alley, encumbered now with
way ThSrv ,PS, PS * Of refuSe ° m a burnt house aCrOSS the
F lLh»/!U ftf t c p rates had been extravagant, but careless (as
had folln^rt «« )# I" their lust of robbing, firing/murdering, they
wealth! nnl t SyS^ tten:r n: and Iso U happened that a few houses even
the most n/rt* ? to . od -:"»tact. like islands, in the general ruin. For
hPhi^,i i,£f^ ' ' be E^ lre> there were houses which hid their comfort
the win?™ LIS-uL IS -u? v once or twice we were fairl y staggered by
the blind rage which had passed over a mansion crowded with valu
rhilt w W , re «.°^ ed a dozen, poor habitations all around it. The mis
nf«. M !t\t n from such houses Felipe, our forager, brought reports
Th^^in* in Tif k ? th , e mouth water ' but nothing to stay the stomach.
me meat In the larders was putrid; the bread hard as a stone. We
c, c , r f. f thankf ul at last , for a few oranges, on which we snatched a
r-nt^J S i . a , . angle of ruined wall on the north side of tha
h^t fl' V T l cki ?Z Up °« ur ears at the baying of the dogs as they
nunted their food somewhere in the northern suburbs
I confess that the empty houses gave me the creeps, staring down
at me with their open windows while I . sucked my orange In the
rooms behind those windows lay dead bodies no doubt; some muti
lated, some swollen with the plague (for during a fortnight now the
plague had been busy); all lying quiet up there, with the sun staring
in on them. Each window had a meaning in its eye, and was trying
to convey it. "If you could only look through me," one said "The
house is empty— come upstairs and see." For me that was an un
comfortable meal. Felipe, too, had lost some of his spirits. The fact
is, we had been forced to step aside to pass more than one body
stretched at length or huddled in the roadway, and— well. I have told
you about the dogs. ' ** loia
One of the pirates Jhrust the Silver Chalice Into His Hands. Brother Bartolome "look It and Looked at the Carmelite
For a J^loment |<obod\j Spoke and a Queer Feeling Game Ovter fAz in JVJy Riding.
Between the Cathedral and the quays scarcely a house remained;
for the whole of this side of the city had been built of wood. But
beyond this smoking- waste we came to the great stone warehouses
by the waterside, and the barracks where the Genoese traders lodged
their slaves. The shells of these buildings stood, but every one had
been gutted and the roofs of ail but two or three had collapsed. We
picked our way circumspectly now, for here had been the buccaneers'
headquarters. But the quays were as desolate as the city. Empty,
too, were the long stables where the horses and mules had used to
be kept for conveying the royal plate from ocean to ocean. Two or
three poor beasts lay in their stalls — slaughtered as unfit for service;
thi rest, no doubt, were carrying Morgan's loot on the road to
Chagres.
Here, beside the stable, Felipe took a sudden turn to the right
and struck down a lane which seemed to wind back toward the
city between long lines of warehouses. I believe that, had we gone
forward another hundred yards, to the quay's edge, we should have
seen or heard enough to send us along that lane at the double. As
it was, we heard nothing, and saw only the blue bay, the islands
shining green under the thin line of smoke blown on the land breeze —
no living creature between us and them but a few sea birds. After
we had struck into the lane I turned for another look, and am
sure that this was all.
Felipe led the way down the lane for a couple of gun-shots per
haps; the Carmelite following like a ghost in her white robes, and
I close at her heels. He halted before a low door on the left; a door
of the most ordinary appearance. It opened by a common latch upon
a cobbled passage running between two warehouses, and so narrow
that the walls almost met high over our heads. At the end of this
passage— which was perhaps forty feet long— we came to a second
door, with a grille, and, hanging beside it, an iron bell handle, at
which Felipe tugged.
The sound of the bell gave me a start, for It seemed to come from
just beneath my feet. Felipe grinned.
"Brother Bartolome works like a mole. But good wine needs no
bush, my Juanito as you shall presently own. He takes his own
time, though," Felipe grumbled, after a minute. "It cannot be
that "
He was about to tug again when somebody pushed back the little
shutter behind the grille, and a pair of eyes (we could see nothing of
the face) gazed out upon us.
"There is no longer need for caution, reverend father," said
Felipe, addressing tne grille. "The Lutheran dogs have left the city,
and we have come to taste your cordial and consult with you on a
matter of business."
We heard a bolt slid, and the door opened upon a pale emaciated
face and two eyes which clearly found the very moderate daylight
too much for them. Brother Bartolome blinked without ceasing,
while he shielded with one hand the thin flame of an earthenware
lamp.
"Are you come all on one business?" he asked, his gaze passing
from one to another, and resting at length on the Carmelite.
"When the forest takes fire all beasts are cousins," said Felipe
sententiously. Without another question the friar turned and led the
way. down a flight of stairs which plunged (for all I could tell) Into
the bowels of earth. His lamp flickered on bare walls upon which
the spiders scurried. I counted twenty steps, and still all below us
was dark as a pit; ten more, and I was pulled up with that peculiar
and highly disagreeable jar which every one remembers who has put
forward a foot expecting a step, and found himself suddenly on the
level. The passage ran straight ahead into darkness; but the friar
pushed open a tow door in the left-hand wall, and, stepping aside,
uahered us into a room, or paved cell, lit by a small lamp depending
by a chain from tho vaulted roof.
Shelves lined the cell from floor to roof; chests, benches and work
tables occupied two-thirds of the floor space; and all were crowded
with books, bottles, retorts, phials and the ai aratus of a laboratory.
"Crowded," however, is not the word; for at a second glance I
recognized the beautiful order that reigned. The deal work benches
had been scoured white as paper; every glass, very metal pan and
basin sparkled and shone in the double light of the lamp and of a
faint beam of day conducted down from the upper world by a kind
of funnel and through a grated window facing the door.
In this queer double light Brother Bartolome faced us. after ex
tinguishing the small lamp in hie hand.
"You say the pirates have left?"
Felipe nodded. "At daybreak. We in this room are all who re
main in Panama."
"The citizens will be returning, doubtless, in a day or two. I
have no food for you, if that is what you seek. I finished my last
crust yesterday."
"That is a pity. But we must forage. Meanwhile, reverend father,
a touch of your cordial "
Brother Bartolome reached down a bottle from a shelf. It was
heavily sealed and decorated with a large green label bearing a
scarlet cross. Bottles similarly sealed and labeled lined this shelf
and a dozen others. He broke the seal, drew the cork and fetched
three glasses each of which he held carefully up to the lamplight.
Satisfied of their cleanliness, he held the first out to the Carmelite.
She shook her head.
"It is against the vow."
He grunted and poured out a glassful apiece for Felipe and me.
The first sip brought tears into my eyes; and then suddenly I was
filled with sunshine — golden sunshine — and could feel it running from
limb to limb through every vein in my small body.
Felipe chuckled. "See the lad looking down at his stomach! But
ton your jacket, Juanito; the noonday's shining through! Another
sip, to the reverend father's health! His brothers run away — the
Abbot himself runs; but Brother Bartolome stays. For he labors
for the good of man, and that gives a clear conscience. Behold how
just, after all. are the dispositions of Heaven; how blind are the
wicked! For three weeks those bloody-minded dogs have been grin
ning and running about the city; and here under their feet, as in a
mine, have lain the two most precious jewels of all— a clear con
science and a liquor which, upon my faith, holy father, cannot be
believed In under a second glass."
Brother Bartolome was refilling the glass when the Carmelite
to-jp hed his arm.
"You have been here— all the while?"
"Has it been so long? I have been at work, you see."
"For the good of man," interrupted Felipe. "Time slips away
when one works for the good of man."
"And all the while you were distilling this?"
"This— ana other things."
"Other things to drink?"
"My daughter, had they caught me, they might have tortured me.
I might have held my tongue; but, again. I might not. Under torture
one never knows what will happen. Bui the secret of the liquor
had to die with me — that is in the vow. So to be on the safe side I
made — other things."
"Father, give me to drink of those other things."
She spoke scarcely above her breath; but r-- fingers were grip
ping his arm. He looked straignt into her eyes.
"My poor child!" was all he said, very low and slow.
"I can touch no other sacrament," she pleaded. "Father, have
mercy and give me that one!" She watched his eyes eagerly as they
flinched from hers in pity and dwelt for a moment on a tall chest
behind her shoulder, against the wall to the right of the door. She
glanced round, stepped to the chest, and laid a hand on the lid. "Is
It here?" she asked.
But he was beside her on the instant; and stooping, locked down
the lid and drew out the key abruptly.
"Is it here?" she repeated.
"My child, that is an ice chest. In the liquor, for perfection, the
water used has first to be frozen.. That chest contains Ice and
nothing else."
"Nothing else?" she persisted.
But here Felipe broke in. "The Senorita is off her hinges, father.
Much fasting has made her light-headed. And that brings me to my
business. You know my head, too, is not strong; good enough for a
furlong or two, but not for the mile course. Now if you will shelter
these two innocents while I forage, we shall make a famous house
hold. You have rooms here in plenty; the best-hidden in Panama.
But none of us can live without food, and with these two to look
after I am hampered. There are the dogs, too. But Felipe knows a
trick or two more than the dogs, and if he do not fill your larder
by sunset, may his left leg be withered like his right!"
Brother Bartolome considered. "Here are the keys, said he.
"Choose your lodgings and take the boy along with you, for I think
the sister here wishes to talk with me alone."
Felipe took the keys and handed me the small lamp, which I held
aloft as he limped after me along the dark corridor, tapping its
flagged pavement with the nail of his crutch. We passed an iron
studded door which led, he told me, to the cryDt of the chapel; and
soon after mounted a flight of steps and found ourselves before the
great folding doors of the ante-chapel Itself, and looked in. Here
was light again; actual sunlight, falling through six windows high
up in the southern wall and resting in bright patches on the stall
canopies within. We looked on these bright patches through the in
terspaces of a great carved screen; but when I would have pressed
Into the chapel for a better view, Felipe took me by the collar,
"Business first," said he, and pointed up the staircase, which
mounted steeply again after its break by the chapel doors. Up we
went, and were saluted again by the smell of burnt cedar wood wafted
through lancet windows, barred but unglazed, in the outer wall. The
inner hall was blank, of course, being the northern side wall of the
chapel; but we passed one doorway in it with which I was to make
better acquaintance. And, about twenty steps higher, we reached
a long level corridor and the cells where the brothers slept.
Felipe opened them one by one and asked me to take my choice.
All were empty and bare, and seemed to me pretty much alike.
"We have slept in worse, but that is not the point. Be pleased
to remember, Juanito, that we are kings now; and as kings we are
bound to find the reverend fathers' notions of bedding inadequate.
Suppose you collect us half a dozen of these mattresses apiece, while
I go on and explore."
I chose three cells for Sister Marta, Felipe and myself, and set
about dragging beds and furniture from the others to make us really
comfortable. I daresay I spent twenty minutes over this, and, when
all was done, perched myself on a stool before the little window of
my own bedroom, for a look across the city. It was a very little
window indeed, and all I saw was a green patch beyond the northern
suburbs, where the rich merchants' gardens lay spread like offerings
before a broken-down shrino. Those trees no doubt hid trampled
lawns and ruined verandas; but as they had always looked in early
be seen. The suburbs looked just as they had always looked in early
spring.
I was staring out of the window, so, and just beginning to wonder
why Felipe did not return as he had promised, when there came
ringing up the staircase two sharp cries, followed by a long, shrill,
blood-freezing scream.
My first thought (I cannot tell you why) was that Felrpe must
have tumbled downstairs; and without any second thought I had
Jumped off my chair and was flying down to his help, three stairs
at a bound, when another scream and a roar of laughter fetched me
up short. The laugh was not Felipe's; nor could I believe it Brother
Bartolome's. In fact It was the laugh of no one man but of several*
Tne truth leapt on me with a knife as you might say. The buccaneers
had returned.
I told you, a while back, of a small doorway in the Inner wall of
the staircase. It was Just opposite this door that I found myself
cowering, trying to close my ears against the abhorrent screams
which filled the stairway and the empty corridor above their echoes
To crawl out of sight — had you lived through those three weeks in
Panama you would understand why this was the only thought In
my head, and why my knees shook so that I actually crawled on
them to the little door, and finding that It opened easily, crept inside
and shut it before looking about me.
But even in the act of shutting it I grew aware that the screams
and laughter were louder than ever. And a glance around told me
that I was not in a room at all, but in the chapel, or rather in a
gallery overlooking it, and faced with an open balustrade.
As I crouched there on my knees, they could not see me, nor
could I see them; but their laughter and their infernal jabber — for
these buccaneers were the sweepings of half a dozen nations— came
to my ears as distinct as though I stood among thorn. And under
the compulsion of terror I crawled to the front of the gallery and
peered down between its twisted balusters.
I told you, to start with, that Felipe was a crazy old fool; and I
daresay you have ?athered by this time what shape his craziness
took. He had a mania for imagining himself a groat man. For days
together he might be as sane as you or I; and then, all of a sudden — ■
a chance word would set him off — he had mounted his horse and put
on all the airs of the King of Spain, or his Holiness the Pope, or any
grandissimo you pleased, from the Governor of Panama upwards. I
had known that morning, when he began to prate about our being
kings, that the crust of his common sense was wearing thin. I sup
pose that after leaving me he must have come across the coffers in
which the Abbot kept his robes of state, and that the sight of them
started his folly with a wist. For he lay below me on the marble
floor of the chapel, arrayed like a prince of the church, 'ihe miter
had rolled from his head; but the folds of a magnificent purple cope,
embroidered with golden lilies and lined with white silk, flowed from
his twisted shoulders over the black and white chequers of the pave
ment. And he must have dressed himself with care, too; for beneath
the torn hem of the alb his feet and ankles stirred feebly, and caught
my eye; and they were clad in silken stockinVs. He was screaming
no longer. Only a moan came at intervals as he lay there, with
closed eyes, in the center of that ring of devils; and on the outer
edge of the ring, guarded, stood Brother Bartolome and the Carmelite.
Had we forgotten or been too careless to close the door after us
when Brother Bartolome let us in? I tried to remember, but could
not be sure.
The most of the buccaneers — there were eight of them — spoke no
Spanish; but there was one, a cross-eyed fellow, who acted as in
terpreter. And he knelt and held up a bundle of keys which Felipe
wore slung: from a girdle round his waist.
"Once more, Master Abbot— will you show us your treasures, or
wilXyou not?"
Bielipe moaned.
"I tell you," Brother Bartolome spoke up, very short and dis
tinct, "there are no treasures. And if there were, that poor wretch
could not show them. He is no Abbot, but a beggar who has lived
on charity these twenty years to my knowledge."
"That tongue of yours, friar, needs looking to. I promise you to
cut it out and examine it when I have done with your reverend father
here. As for the wench at your side "
"You may do as your cruelty prompts you," Brother Bartolome
interrupted. "But that man is no Abbot."
"He may be Saint Peter himself, and these the keys to Heaven
and Hell. But I and my camarados are going to find out what they
open, as sure as my name is Evan Evans." And he knotted a cord
round Felipe's forehead and began to twist. The Carmelite put her
hands over her eyes and would have fallen; but one of her guards
held her up, while another slipped both arms round her neck from
behind and held her eyelids wide open with nnger and thumb. I
believe— l hope— that Felipe was past feeling by this time, as he
certainly was past speech. He did not scream again, and it was only
for a little while that he moaned. But even when the poor fool's
head dropped on his shoulder, and the life went out of him, they
did not finish with the corpse until, in thc.r blasphemous sport, they
had hoisted it over the altar and strapped it there with Its arms
outstretched and legs dangling.
"Now I think it is your turn," said the scoundrel Evans, turning
to Brother Bartolome with a grin. "I regret that we cannot give
you long, for we returned from Tavoga this morning to find Captain
Morgan already on the road. It will save time if you tell us at once
what these keys open."
"Certainly I wi!l tell you," said the friar, and stretched out a
hjind for the bunch. "This key, for instance, is useless; it opens
the door of the wicket by which you entered. This opens the chest
which, as a rule, contains the holy vessels; but it, too, is useless,
since the chest is empty of all but the silver chalices and a couple
of patens. Will you send one of your men to prove that I speak
truth? This, again, is the key of my own cell "
"Where your reverence entertains the pretty nuns who come for
absolution."
"After that," said Brother Bartolome, pointing a finger toward
the poor shape dangling, "you might disdain small blackguardisms
of speech."
The scoundrel leaned his back against a carved bench end arid
nodded his head slowly. "Master friar, you shall have a -nrd death."
"Possibly. This, as I was saying, is the key of my cell, where
I decoct the liquor for which this house is famous. Of our present
stock the bulk lies in the cellars, to which this" — and he held up yet
another key — "will admit you. Yes, that is it," as one of the pirates
produced a bottle and held it under his nose.
"Eh? Let me see it." The brute Evans snatched the bottle. "Is
this the stuff?" he demanded, holding it up to the sunlight which
streamed down red on his hand from the robe of a martyr in one of
the painted windows above. He pulled out his heavy knife, and with
the back of it knocked off the bottle neck.
"I will trouble you to swear to the taste," said he.
"I taste it only when our customers complain. They have not
complained now for two-and-twenty years."
"Nevertheless you will taste it."
Brother Bartolome shrugged his shoulders. "It Is against the
vow, but, under compulsion, and truly I make it even better than
I used," he wound up, smacking his thin lips as he handed back the
bottle.
The buccaneer took it, watching his face closely. "Here's death
to the Pope!" said he, and tasted it, then took a gulp. "The devil,
but it is hot!" he exclaimed, the tears springing into his eyes.
"Certainly, if you drink it in that fashion- But why not try It
■with Ice?"
"Ice?"
"You will find a chestful In my cell. Here Is the key; which,
by the way, has no business with this bunch. Felipe, yonder, who
was always light-fingered, must have stolen it from my work bench."
"Hand It over. One must go to the priests to learn good living.
Here, Jacques le Bee." He rattled off an order to a long-nosed fel
low at his elbow, who saluted and left the chapel, taking the key.
"We shall need a cup to mix it In," said Brother Bartolome quietly.
One of the pirates thrußt the silver chalices into his hands; for
the bottle had been passed from one man to another, and they were
thirsty for more. Brother Bartoleme took it, and looked at the Car
melite. For the moment nobody spoke; and a queer feeling came
over me in my hiding. This quiet group of persons in the quiet
chapel — it seemed to me impossible they could mean harm to one
another, that in a minute or two the devil would be loose among
them. There was no menace In the posture of any one of them, and
in Brother Bartolome's there was certainly no hint of fear. His back
was toward me, but the Carmelite stood facing my gallery, and I
looked straight into her eyes as they rested on the cups, and in them
I read anxiety indeed, but not fear. It was something quite dif
ferent from fear.
The noise of Jacques 1° Bee's footstep In the ante-chapel broke
this odd spell of silence. The man Evans uncrossed his legs and took
a pace to meet him. "Here, hand me a couple of bottles. How much
will the cups hold?"
"A bottle and a half, or thereabouts; that Is, if you allow for
the ice."
Jacques carried the bottles in a satchel, and a block of ice in a
wrapper under his left arm. He handed over the satchel, set down
the ice on the pavement and began to unwrap it. At a word from
Evans he fell to breaking it up with the pommel of his sword.
"We must give it a minute or two to melt," Evans added. An<J
again a silence fell, in which I could hear the lumps of ice tinkling
as they knocked against the silver rims of the chalices.
"The ice is melted. Is it your pleasure that I first taste this also?"
Brother Bartolome spoke very gravely and deliberately.
The friar lifted one of the chalices and drank. He held it to his
lips with a hand that did not shake at all; and, having tasted, passed
it on to Evans without a word or a glance. His eyes were on the
Carmelite, who had taken half a step forward with palms held side
wise to receive the chalice he still held in his right hand. He guided
it to her lips, and his left hand blessed her while she drank. Almost
before she had done the Frenchman, Jacques le Bee, snatched it.
The Carmelite stood, swaying. Brother Bartolome watched the
cups as they went full circle.
Jacques le Bee, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand,
spoke a word or two rapidly In French.
Brother Bartolome turned to Evans. "Yes, I go with you. For
you, my child!" He felt for his crucifix and held it over the
Carmelite, who had dropped on her knees before him. At the same
time, with his left hand, he pointed toward the altar. "For these,
the mockery of the crucified one which themselves have prepared!"
I saw Evans pull out his knife and leap. I saw him, like a man
shot, drop his arm and spin right-about as two screams rang out
from the gallery over his head. It must have been I who screamed;
and to me, now that Is the inexplicable part of it. I cannot remem
ber uttering the screams; yet I can see Evans as he turned at the
sound of them.
Yet it was I who screamed, and who ran for the door and, still
screaming, dashed out upon the staircase. Up the stairs I ran; along
the corridor, and up a second staircase.
The sunshine broke around me. I was on the leads of the roof,
and Panama lay spread at my feet like a trodden garden. I listened;
no footsteps were following. Far away from the westward came the
notes of a bugle — faint, yet clear. In the northern suburbs the dogs
were baying. I listened again. I crept to the parapet of the roof
and saw the stained eastern window of the chapel a few yards below
me, saw its painted saints and martyrs, outlined in lead, dull against
til© noonday glow. And from within came no sound at all.
1112
WHERE THE NEW UNIVERSITY
CALIFORNIA WILL RISE
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
And Its Position.
BY PRESIDENT DAVID STARR JORDAN.
—
•n- N writing on the "New Era of
1 Stanford University," 1 have first
Stanford University," 1 have Qrst
M to Bay that, so far as I know, no
"new era" is dawning or likely to
dawn. I trust that none may be neces
sary. It is our hope that Its growth in
soundness and effectiveness nay be
steady and continuous, without notable
"boom," therefore without danger of
collapse. At any rate, it has thus far
had but one "era," which is now seven
years long.
When its doors were opened in IS9I
a New Yoik newspaper, the Mai; and
Express, 1 • believe, commented on its
3, and expressed its belief
that "the need of another university in
i was aboul as great us that
of an asylum for de< . captains
In Switzerland." It foretold that Stan
ford professors, if any were needed,
would for years to come "deliver their
lectures in marble halls to empty
benches."
The facts of to-day are against this
prophecy. The lecture rooms and lab
oratories of the new institution have
been crowded to the utmost from the
day of opening. In the class rooms
made ready In 18S1 for GOO students
1224 were crowded in 189 S. Of these
i re young women, 7G(J young men;
were from California, L's7 from
States to the east of the Rocky Moun
tains, with a respectable percentage
from Japan, Brazil, .Mexico and the
countries of Europe, it is at least evi
dent that the university has met or
made a distinct demand somewhere. It
Is out of the category of the decayed
pea captains' asylums. Its professors
have found no sinecure, and the "mar
ble halls" have found more than the
voice of one man to raise their echoes.
Admitting that the university h&a
found a place in California, that it is
a real thing with real purposes and
that it has come to stay, what is the
basis of Its Buccess? In other words,
what are its working ideals?
it in not for me to answer thi:-. 1 am
too near the work to judge it impartial
ly. The unforeseen conditions of the
last flve years have forced the uni
versity to adjust its Ideate to unex
p eted (acts. ]t lias considered not
what is ideally best, but what is best
under the circumstances. The tre
mendous strain of life and death liti
gatldh wantonly thrown upon it and
on its devoted founder at a time of the
greatest financial stress was something
unparalleled in university experiences.
In this time of stress wo have devel
oped some new ideals— not those of
scholarship, perhaps, but rather those
of nerve, faith and endurance. The
vexatious lawsuit and the successive
victories at football were not without
a certain relation of cause and effect.
If we must choose from the old
Btock of "Stanford ideals," I should
say that the highest one was this. A
university, like an individual, must
have a character of its own. If it is
merely a collection of books, desks,
chemicals, microscopes, rules and reg
ulations, with professors anxious
chiefly "to hold down their Jobs," It
does not rise much above the level of
• ih< ese factory. It is the trait of per
sonality which makes the university.
It ls>.not its vegetative processes, its
teaching of grammar, algebra and
the laws of falling bodies, which makes
it worthy of love and trust !t is the
spirit of i hi' whole, the Influent ("
personal characti r, which makes it a real
organism. "Colleges," pays Emerson,
"can mily serve us when their aim is
noi to drill, but to create; when ih'-y
gather from afar every ray of various
genius to thru- hospitable halls, ami by
is ir (■•( ■• mci ' • M < ''■■■ s Bet the heart
of the youth in flame."
It is the concentration of tho fires of
genius, the influence of personality that
gives the university its character. That
the institution at Palo Alto should have
some quality of its own, is the hope of
those who hnve tried to shape its
course. What this character is, others
must decide.
For one thing, I believe that one will
not have to go belflfw the surface to find
It. The university is just what it pre
tends to be. It has no pompous forms
or ceremonies to conceal idle action or
want of action. The gown of the
scholar has covered a multitude of tin
scholarly things in the past. Stanford
men wear no gowns. The university
has no place for make-believes, wheth
er pious or worldly. The toys which
amused the boyhood of culture are kept
In their proper places. "Of all horned
cattle," observed Horace Greeley, "pre
serve me from the college graduate."
He was not speaking of the Stanford
man, who, at his best, is quite another
sort of fellow. The essence of higher
education to-day is individual training.
A man is educated when he has had the
kind of schooling needful to make a
man of him. Not the kind which five
hundred years ago was used to make a
gentleman or clen&yman of John Doe
or of Richard Roe. It is the kind which
will civilize the particular boy of to
day and which will make a man of him.
T have reached the end of my space,
and the true secret of the "new era" at
Palo Alto is yet unspoken. Perhaps it
may never be told. Perhaps each one
who passes through its gates may tell
a little of It.
The architectural motive of the old
Franciscan missions is strengthened
and fitted to the needs of another mis
sion, not less sacred than that hallowed
by the life of Junipero Serra.
Something of it all comes from the
charm of California* Itself. Stanford
University could exist in no other set
ting. The "winds of freedom" blow
in»r California: tho sunshine floods her
valleys every month in the year. Some
time the most lovable, the most j?ra
li'ius of all tho States of our Union
may become the most enlightened, the
most wise. It is the true policy of Cali
fornia, through her- two great universi
ties, to make the shores of her bay the
educational center of the United States.
This can be done through wise manage
ment and wise expenditures. When it
Is accomplished our State will take and
bold her rightful place among the
States of our Union. The center of
beauty already, California will become
the center of high thought, the center
of wise action.
DAVID STARR JORDAN.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, PECEJVIBER 18, 1898.
LIBRARY <& HALL of MECHANICS,
OLD UNIVERSITY:
PLANNING ONE OF THE MOST IMPOSING
Institutions in the World.
Every Stone of tfoe State University at Berkeley Will Be Razed
and cNoble Buildings, Erected Jlecording to a .Har
monious Design, Will Rise on tfee Site.
THE present buildings of th^
State University are soon to be
wiped out of existence.
Not i is to be left
standing upon another. The
famous halls of learning will disa]
from si.L,in as completely as if they
never had been.
All this was told me a few days ago
by one of the Berkeley professors as
we stood at the en.! of the road that
winds out of the forest of oaks. We
looking across the campus and
saw the venerable, dignified old struc
ture that so many of us revere, bathed
in the sofl light of the December sun
shine.
I turned and looked at the professor
in anmzi , ■
"What?" l asked, "will they Lear
down deai' old North Han? Will they
teai down tlwu venerable old library
with its tiers and tier;- of valuable
books? Will they tear down every
thing?"
"Yes, everything," he answered,
"even the last new building erected,
the school of mines.
"It's going to be the finest university
in the world." said the professor. "The
main building is to be right along
there, overloking the Golden Gate. On
eithetf side are to be others, all In the
same style of architecture and con
forming to the general plan of con
struction.
"Our new home is to be absolutely
perfect. On yonder hill just above
where the big oak grows the observa
tory will stand."
As the professor talked I saw the
whole face of nature embellished by the
art of man. Towers of shining marble
rose high in the air and the sun Hashed
on gilded domes. Fountains played,
and the air was filled with music. The
grass ol the campus was as green as
an emerald.
"Are you sure this is all going to be?"
I asked.
"Ten million dollars is already se
cured and more is sure to be on hand
when anted. Architects are now at
work fi..i.shins the working plans. For
si. me tiire past several of us had earn
estly discussed the project of having
university buildings erected on a set
tled plan with a definite architectural
design in view. Here we have the
finest university site in the world and
we wanted to see it taken advantage
of: to see it properly embellished. We
talked the matter over time and again,
but could not see how to gain our first
pomt — money. With money we could
obtain the proper plans for a university
and also Cie power to carry out the
plans. Tfc*« came along the woman
who gay« a practical turn to all our
plans and thus made the start in what
will be the New University of Califor
nia, and with this site and the plans
proposed it is bound to be the most
beautiful institution architecturally in
the whole world.
"Mrs. Hearst began by furnishing the
money to get a set of designs made
by some of the greatest living archi
tects and also guaranteed a couple of
million dollars to be used in erecting
two buildings in the new designs. Her
action pointed the way to many others
of our best citizens. Several of them
have made promises that indicate we
will have over 55, 000. 000 when the work
begins. There is enough on hand now
to carry on the work for several years."
The general scheme of a new uni
versity hotne dates back to a certain
day a good many years ago when Prof.
C. W. Jones and Mr. B. W. Maybpck
were discussing the urgent necessity of
a new building. The rlassrooms were
crowded beyond their comfortable
pa< Ity. Something had to be done,
but what? The buildings already
erected were independent of each other,
placed almost haphazard and formed
no part ol a harmonious design.
When in- university was founded by
the State it was enjoined that the
buildings should be all on one harmo
nious plan, but the injunction had not
b ■ ; carried out.
"We ought to ! "gin to build for the
future," said Mr. Maybeck, "or it will
b( too late. We have the most ideal
site In the world, Th university be
longs to the State destined to be the
greatest In the CTnion. We ahoukl
adopt a plan foi one State university
which shall be worthy of the magni
ficent site, and also of the great State
it belongs to."
The proposition was urged upon the
regents, but they could not see their
way clear to adopting any plan.
"Your Ideas are all right," they said.
"but such a plan would cost a great deal
of money. We do not think it right
to spend the people's money in that
way. They want buildings on the earth
and not in Spain or on paper. No,
must get Just as much for the money
as v. • can."
They did. The h'i'.ildinrrs at present
in use by the school testify eloquently
to the thrift of the regents. They are
good, plain, businesslike buildings, but
much too small.
In iviO, when the class rooms would
not hold the students, an attempt was
made to utilize tents. It was not v
BUi c -s. The heat of the Berkeley sun
threatened to turn the heads of tho
poor students as they broiled at their
lectures under the white canvas.
Then came Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst.
She wanted to found a memorial to her
husband which should show his as well
as her love for California. She wanted
to make the memorial a part of the
State University. In discussing the
plan of "how and where" the whole in
definite construction of the buildings
was discussed. "We want to unite the
architects of the world to plan a
home for the university. We have the
most perfect site and we want build
ings worthy of the site," Professor
Jones said to her.
"Why, then, do you not carry out
your plan?" she asked him.
"We have not the money."
"Then allow me to bear the expense."
It was the first step, and when the
money question was answered the uni
versity regents became enthusiastic.
Mrs. Hearst said: "I have only one
wish in this matter — that the plans
adopted should be worthy of the great
university whose material home they
are to provide for, that thpy should
harmonise with and even enhance the
beauty c»f the sito, whereon this home
is to be built, and that they should re
dound to the glory of the State whosr
culture and civilization are to be
nursed and developed at its university."
Fifty thousand dollars was deposited
in a London bank, but the cost has al
ready been twice this amount.
The presidents of the leading uni
versities were all called upon for their
views regarding the advisability of the
undertaking. They took an unexpected
interest and every one of them replied
and every one said in substance what
President Charles William Eliot of
Harvard said in his reply:
"If some great benefactor of the uni-\
versity (Harvard) should desire to do a
work that should hand down his name
in ever increasing honor with poster
ity, he might require the destruction
of all the buildings erected In the last
half century, and their reconstruction
with simple and beautiful designs in
mutually helpful, harmonious' and ef
fectitve relation to each other, so that
the outward aspect of the university
NORTH «) SOUTH ALL
ACROSS THE CAMPUS,
PRESENT UNIVERSITY.
! should better agree with its object as
•i place for the education of the youth
1 of the nation. Such a superb work
j is harclly to be expected in this genera
tion, but at some time it must be ac
■ complished by individual or by public
1 friends if the university (Harvard) is
ever to carry out its most important
functions."
That exactly is what is to be done
at Berkeley for the State University of
' California.
All the present buildings are to be re
moved. Two of them are memorial,
j the library and the gymnasium. Mr.
■ H. D. Bacon left many books and busts
with mom y to build a library and gave
$.'.">, 000 on condition that the State of
California give a like sum for the build
ing and equipment of a gymnasium.
Tii,..,. i tV( ) buildings, which would be
rmonious with any great design,
will be removed. Suitable memorials
to their donors, however, will be incor
purated :n the new buildings.
Architects and engineers all over The
ivorld were asked for advice that the
ix I I ideas might bo obtained.
Mr. Burnham of Burnham & Root, Chi
cago, the man who was the architect of
the World's Fair buildings, said in his
reply: "It will be a work many times
the magnitude of the buildings for the
World's Fair. The world has never
se n such a plan on such a scale before
that was carried to a completion."
The carrying out of the de
tails for receiving and judging
the plans was intrusted to
the municipality of Antwerp. The
plans were sent to the American Consul
and each sealed and signed only by a
number. After they were handed over
to the city by the American Consul
seals were placed 0%-er each signature
so that no one could know to whom the
plans belonged.
A jury of five men had been se
lected: R. Norman Shaw, 6 Ellerdale
Road. Hampstead, England; J. L.
Pascal, 8 Boulevard St. Denis, Paris;
Caul \v allot. 6 Hahnelstrass, Dres
den; Walter Cook, (574 Broadway, New
Fork; J. R. Reinstine, 217 Sansome
street, San Francisco, Cal.
I'liest? gentlemen met in Antwerp In
the beginning of October to judge the
plans which were then in the care of
the city. They selected the five which
they considered the best, and to these
five $JO,OOO in prizes were distributed.
Of those accepted the architects all
were from the Ecole dcs Beaux Arts of
Paris, but tare eof them were Amer-
Icans.
The architects were not limited in
any way. Money was not considered
nor were the architects hampered by
suggestions. Homes were asked for,
libraries, museums, gymnasiums, art
galleries, lecture rooms, class rooms,
scientific laboratories, and all the usual
accompaniments of a great seat of
learning. Besides, dormitories for 5000
students are lo be included and club
houses, armory and indoor and outdoor
drilling spaces.
The trees on the campus, the great
oaks which are the pride of the univer
sity, are not to be removed or dis
lodged. Most of the trees are ever
green, so that in winter as well as sum
mer the campus will be at its best.
At Mrs. Hearst's expense the five
successful architects at the Antwerp
competition are visiting San Francisco
so as to make a careful study of the
site and of the requirements and also
of the character of the surrounding
landscape. They are to return to their
homes and prepare definite plans.
These plans are to be submitted to the
same preliminary jury which judged
the plans in, Antwerp, with the addition
of four architects. These four archi
tects are to be chosen from a Hat of
five names each sent In by the five
architects who are entitled to compete
for the final plan.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
And Its Future.
BY PRESIDENT MARTIN KELLOGG.
A UNIVERSITY worthy of the
name is one of the things that
give distinction to a State. In
the Eastern States Harvard has
long shed a luster on Massa
chusetts, Tale on Connecticut, Prince
ton on New Jersey. Abroad Berlin,
Leipzig and a whole cluster of universi
ties have helped to place Germany in
the very front rank of nations. Oxford
and Cambridge are the imperishable
glory of England. The sons of bleak
Scotland have gone forth from Edin
boro to Aberdeen to win pre-emi
nence in many lands. Among our own
State universities Michigan has led the
way of success, and reflects no small
glory on that commonwealth. Other
States have followed her lead, and now
a Umg chain of State foundations is
rising to an assured and noble place in
our American world.
Thirty years ago California # laid the
foundations of such an institution. It
built on the bounty of the nation, on its
own subsidies, on the voluntary self
surrender of ,the older college of Cali
fornia. The State of California has al
ways been generous to its university,
but in the nature of things the growth
of the new institution was slow. The
call for the higher education was lim
ited, the repute of the young university
was not yet a powerful magnet: so the
graduates of Eastern colleges preferred
to send their sons to the old homes.
Our, university had its fluctuations; at
times it even receded in numbers and
influence. But on the whole it made
substantial progress. In 1886 an impor
tant forward step was taken, when a
one-cent tax was granted, in lieu of
specific appropriations, by the Legisla
ture. Not many years afterward the
number of students .began to increase
in a remarkable wayj From a round 400
in 1890, the attendance at Berkeley ran
rapidly up to over 1300 in 1896.
The Legislature of 1897 granted an
additional one-cent tax, and voted it
without a dissenting voice. Its visiting
committees found at Berkeley the most
pressing need for this assistance. The
buildings were greatly overcrowded,
the instructors' classes were twice or
thrice too , ; large . for proper manage
ment. .Great relief has been afforded
by this additional income. Several new
buildings have been erected, and the
subdivided sections have been more ef
ficiently taught. But even then the
university's funds have by no means
kept pace. with .the multiplied numbers
of the students."---. In the past ten years
the numbers to : be ■ provided for ?■ have
increased more than fourfold. At pres
ent ', the i student f roll at ■ Berkeley runs
up to nearly 1600. The State's good faith
is pledged to give to all of them suit
able : rooms, equipment and instruction.
Of course, it would be a deathblow to
our progress if any part of the State's
aid were withdrawn. '
The new era v for our university is
grounded on , the assurance that Cali- >
fornia will : continue to ;be a ; generous
foster-mother. We cannot. believe that
as i the : university has grown I stronger
and v more distinguished the citizens of
the State will lose their Interest in it,- or
allow Its : lust • claim* ?to go :• unheeded.
California's pride is too great for that_
Our reputation is good throughout the>
land, and "not half bad" across the At
lantic. The alumni of the university
form a noteworthy nucleus of public*
sentiment. Our sons and daughters will
keep us all in mind of our high educa
tional obligations.
The State may justly expect the co
operation' of private beneficence, and
the most striking sign of the new era
Is that such beneficence has set strong
ly in our direction. Important gift*
from individuals had been received be
fore, but all too seldom for our full en
couragement. Tompkins, Reese, Har
mon, Bacon, Mills— such names wera
scattered thinly along the years.
But now we" rejoice in still ample*
and still more fieauent gifts. Mrs.
Phebe A. Hearst, after valuable aid to
the Lick Observatory and ?till more
valuable help in scholarship? for young
women, has now delighted and en
chanted us by her new and splendid
benefactions.
• • *
While we were congratulating our
selves on these benefactions another
noble-minded woman lately bestowed
also a magnificent gift. The property
at Menlo Park given by Miss Cora
Jane Flood will in time possess great
value for the university, and especially
for its newly organized college of com-
merce. To go further back, the gift
of Hon. Adolph Sutro of a site for tha
Affiliated Colleges building is to be
counted among our most important pos
sessions, and the generosity of Edward
F. Searles, Esq., in the gift of the Mark
Hopkins Institute, is likewise princely.
The Ltvi Strauss scholarships come
Into the same recent cycle. Our library
has been enriched by many important
donations. It is not the fact of one
great gift that makes a new era so
much as the clustering together of gifts,
like the jewels of a diadem, evincing
the deep interest of the people of tha
State in their university.
The opening of the new era will be
signalized by the flourishing condition
of a century plant long maturing viz.,
the close affiliation between the uni
versity and the schools of the Btate.
By its range of studies the university
is at the head of the school system
But it claims no authority and It m
the hearty co-operation of the high
schools. For years it has been off
its aid to these schools, and thr
them to the lower schools Thei -^ i 9
probably no State in the Union whore
these reciprocal relations are more cor
dial or more promising for the stability
and. prosperity of the university
These are a few of the considerations
which seem to. justify us in speaking
of a new era for the State Univer?in.
Its growth was nearly always firm and
sure. Its more recent growth has been
phenomenal. It has the good will of
the citizens at large. The farmers rec
ognize its good work for them; the mer- i
chants hail the establishment of th«W
n . e .y /allege of com/nerce. Splendid
girts for buildings are pouring in, which
need only to be complemented by en
dowments for many chaira of instruc
tion. If the university is wisely di- 4
rected In the future, if regents, faculty *
and students cherish the true university
spirit our brightest hopes for the new.
era caiinot fail of realization.
/^^JNJaEEAQGOv. 'WHEN TWENTY-THREE MEN WENT DOWN in the ROARING SEA on the OREGON COAST
THE most appalling sea disaster
of the year on the Pacific Coast
was the loss of the British ship
lanta. One of the four sur
vivors of the crew of twenty
souls has jus' reached the
Qd lies 1 raised and worn in the
Marine Hospital. So hard did the ras-
Ot batter him that now when he
■ ot the wreck blood starts fr m
se and mouth, and his ears rinK
bo with the boom of the surf that h«
■ hear. The doctors say that this
comes frorfi the excitement and nervous
<?ed during the wreck.
There have boon wrecks along our
. 1 ' ! : .■ ■ ■ Igi ter loss of
but none in which the destruction
was so sudden, so unlookeS for and so
complete. At one moment the Atalanta
was scudding along before a Btrong
breeze, under snug canvas, the next
Bhe was hard and fast on a sand spit
with h< r keel broken.
An hour later fragments of the wreck
and dead bodies were being washed
ashore or swept out to sea. battled for
by the wind and tide.
Of a crew of twenty-seven, all told,
only four sailors were saved, and these
four will carry the marss of their I
struggle with the elements to the grave.
What adds to the horror of the Ata
lanta tragedy was the helplessness of
ABBE CONSTANTINE'S CASSOCK
TEAWE you will give nuts, red apples and dried plums to Gelynotte
I and Moreau to fill the sabots of the little ones. Et in secula
JEANNE you nuts, red apples then resumed the reading of
and Moreau to fill the sabots of the little ones. Et in secula
<=eeulorum " murmured M. de Cure, who then resumed the reading of
T I his breviary, which had been interrupted by the numberless prepara-
U tions for the fete of the following day. He bent his spectacles anew
over the book, closing his ears in vain to the joyous out £»rsuyvhich
rang throughout the place on this the eve of the day so blessed. Joy £Uea
the air and troubled his meditations. He could not prevent W" Pj£j n^
heart from sharing in the innocent pleasures of the **£"&(*s!,£
had watched, and to which he had ministered for more than^ > of
The reflections from many hearths shed a red light upon the w»
the surrounding houses. The air was filled with the odor of pastiee.^
perfume of drawn butter and th« appetizing fumes of roasted goose by
with chestnuts. It was just cold enough to make one it.ci v*
the fireside with family and friends. • . tl , p we stern sky, the
With the clouds, which overhung like curtains the we S te r n
Bun seemed to be playing hide and seek, and now and^hei^us children, 1
forth for an instant, as though saying. Good ua>. »»> 
nm not dead yet! One more turn of tho wheel and la^Kefrorn my
erful as ever and annihilate those rascally clouds that^\eume^i ,
old friend, the earth." When the sun had faded a great joy came iv
the world with light, for it was Christmas eve. celebrate the
This year, for the first time in his life, the cure « s ( it i. v han usua l.
holy anniversary with a delight less intense, a heart light «»™ 4
Care irritated and troubled his serene benevolence. a^dciM^tea w»cuuj_
passion for others, his forgiveness of wroncdomff. I la> actors were in
stalled opposite the rectory, at the Hotel dv Dauphin, at the otn or « «
the gquare. What a trial it >. .i been for him! For ten ° ai V, ZJi? corner
there; Soulaire had seemed as though seized with a f «ver. from of them
of the street many colored posters were to be seen.^and In front on m.m
groups of people gatherc-a, commenting upon the Spectacle or tni p^e>w v
night, or that heralded for the coming evening- he streets wmen, as^
rule, were deserted at 9 o'clock, were thronged until :,, niters wore
end to end o£ tho little town the merits of tho respective plajtn, were
tSU A Cd ron f 'of drums was heard breath the window I^*
to his feet. The nasal voice of Father Oneslme, the public crtor^and game
keeper, was heard distinctly calling aloud in the same tone as_ the orttl^
maA ordinarily Invited the citizens to kill the white worms or to muzzle
the ' r Ho°c?wry Troupe, Baulalre Theater (Grain Market), this evening •.for
Che first time the great success. 'The Abbe Constajfltln^comody.by Ludoyo
Holevy of the AcadMnle Francalße. Monsieur Artemon (of the C haters
will (HI the role of the Abbe Constantin: Mile. Valeric (from the theaters
of Brest and Algeria; will appear as Bettlna. The usual price of aOnUa-
B '° "/'roll of wheels announced the arrival of the diligence, which halted
at the hotel opposite, and the passengers alighted with a great deal or
tknoi?e. the women precipitating themselves from the interior liko»a cloud
Tof wasps, deafening the driver. _„  ... TO _>.-_- «.
"Late, as usual. Matthew.; where is my new muff? Matthew, where is
Totur'p mochnnlcal horse?" ,
An.l Matthew, with his fat face flushed, and framed In the ear laps or
bIH cap, dived down into the hood of the imperial, which was Inflated liKe
a balloon, and withdrew packaKes and boxes. .
"Come, Matthew, the abbe's new cassock," said Jeanne, asserting: her
"Matthew have you my cassock?" suddenly cried from a window in
the Hotel dv Dauphin a man who displayed a face covered with soap, a
napkin around hln nock, and a «havin« brush in his hand.
Th<» driver introduced his arm anew into the hood, and, after a careful
■earch, drew forth two parcels of unequal size.
the Yaquina life saving people. Owing
to short sightedness on the part of the
Government the surfmen had no means
of reaching the scene of the wreck.
Within sight of the disaster they had
to stand still and watch the sailors
drown, while couriers scoured the ad
jacent county in search of horses to
pull the life boat and beach cart to the
water. Had it been possible to launch
the life boat at ones many of the crew
of the Atalanta might have been alive
and well to-day.
Herman Arnold one of the men res
cued from the Atalanta, has Just been
taken to the United States Marine Hos
pital. He cam«- here From Grays Har
bor on the schooner James A. Garfield
and will carry the memory of the hor
ror to the grave with him. He is a
physical wreck. Do what he may he
cannot get the roar of the surf out of
his ears nor the sight of his drowning
comrades out of his mind. Whenever
he becomes excited the blood gushes
from his nose and ears. At times he
lives the whole horrible tragedy over
again and then he weeps like a child.
He was cook on the Atalanta.
The Atalanta, Captain Charles Mc-
Bride, was on her way from Tacoma to
South Africa with a cargo of grain
when the disaster occurred. How she
came to pile up on the sandspit at the
entrance to Alsea Bay when she ought
to have been hundreds of miles off
shore will never be known, as all the
officers went down with the ship. Cap
tain Mcßride was wrecked once before
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
on the Welsh coast and all the crew
save himself and a few others were
drowned. A young Welsh lady nursed
Moßrlde back to life and before he wont
to sea again he married her. In the
Atalanta wreck he was one of the first
men drowned.
According to all* that can be gathered
the Atalanta was steered southeast
half east all <if that fateful night, and
that brought her close inshore on our
coast. It was blowing a living pale
and Cape Foulweather light was ob
scured by fog and sleet.
When First Mate Hunter was told
by one of the crew that he thought
he saw a fixed light the mate laughed
at the idea and said it was a passing
ship.
The next instant he was yelling into
the forecastle, "Get on deck, men, for
your lives. Don't wait to put your
clothes on."
A moment later Captain Mcßride ran
on deck in his nightclothes, and giving
one wild look around shouted: "Put
your wheel hard over! Square the cross
jackyard! My God, Hunter, where
have you put her?"
"It was a roaring, wild night," said
Arnold, in talking of the horrors of the
•wreck, "and the booming of the break
ers is always in my ears and the sight
of my drowning mates before my eyes.
The noise of the surges is so great
sometimes that I cannot hear questions
that are put to sse.
"When I heard Mate Hunter order
all hands on deck I rushed for the poop.
ifaTOltoaoraKiAcr'ia m thhr ct!DISIAAL
"Here is something for you. Mile. Jeanne! And horo, M. Artemon, is all
that wad given me for M. Hochary's company," and from the top of tno
diligence he held out a long, narrow card box to the comedian, who leaned
forward to receive it. In its aerial transit the cover, which had been badly
tied on, fell to the ground, and a wig of yellow hair was caught by Arte
mon on the wing, like a flag floating in the wind.
"Bottina's wig!" exclaimed the excited actor. "Bettina s wig, and not
my cassock, the cassock of the Abbe Constantln. Where the devil have
you put it, rascal?"
"On my word of honor, I have nothing else," asserted Matthew, dis
playing his empty hands.
"How annoying, fellow. There has been some mistake. Mademoiselle.
Mademoiselle,"* he called despairingly to Jeanne, who had turned away with
a majestic air, "are you sure that you have not the cassock?'
"Scamp!" said the haughty housekeeper, disdainfully.
Down the stairs M. Artemon flew, four stops at a time, and rushed
Into the greenroom, where the rest of the company were assembled. His
hurriod entrance filled them all with consternation.
"My friends," he exclaimed, tragically, "the posters must be changed,
or the performance postponed. I cannot play the role of the Abbe Con
etantin to-night."
Mile. Valeric threw asid<* the white gown of the Ingenue which she was
mending skillfully. The wife of M. Hochary stopped reading the role of
Mme. Scott. Hochary, seated at a table before an appetizer, manifested
his surprise by a convulsion of his long legs, which, as a rule, expressed
the state of his soul.
"Artemon," said a cavernous voice, "what is the meaning of this
caprice? What of the box office money? The expenses of the programmes
and the advertisements? You know as well as I do that we are at the end
of <nir resources, and that our last venture was a failure. Don't try your
Mile. Mars on us, my good fellow. We play to-night!"
"But can you not understand? I have not a cassock, " gasped the un
happy Artemon, letting his arms fall with dejection.
Glances full of consternation were now exchanged.
"< 'annot a cassock be Improvised with a black dress and a cloak of one
of the ladles?" hazarded Hochary.
"The ladles are much too short and slight," groaned Artemon, who re
joiced in an imposing corpulency.
"As for me, I have only the Figaro nostump, Peruvian pantaloons and
the black coat for Pierrot, and a flowered morning gown," said the man
ager, pensively.
"For heaven's sake, ladies, aid us with your suggestions. We must
play the piece at any cost."
The situation was critical for the poor artists, whose present tour had
been far from successful. The leading man then proi)osed to gallop at full
speed to the neighboring city, but this suggestion was not deemed practi
cable.
"What is to be done? There is not one garb of the required kind among
the properties of this accursed hole," repeated Hochary, in nn outburst of
Impotent rage.
Suddenly Artemon struck his forehead violently, and his entire bearing
denoted a genuine Inspiration.
"Ah. my friends," he exclaimed, in a voice full of emotion, "what a
wild hope. So much the worse; I will attempt the adventure. It la our
only hope of salvation."
In a few words he explained.
"Come to my arms, my son," exclaimed M. Hochary, extending his legs
with enthusiasm.
And Artemon ran off to finish his shaving 1 , to don his tiiack frock coat,
and then direct his steps to the cure's home.
Happily for the actor, Jeanne was absent putting the last touches on
the church decorations, and it was one of the chorus children who inno
cently opened the door of the rectory and introduced the visitor into the
room where the good cure was terminating his devotions. At the sight of
' 'WHEN I CAME UP OUT OF THfIT PIT OF THE SEA fiGfllN THE MAST WOS GONE AND ONLY ONE MON OF A
DOZEN WAS LEFT CLINGING TO THE RIGGING."
A heavy sea swept me off my feet. I
grabbed a stanchion and held on until
the wave had passed.
"Then I got into the mizzon rigging.
Things were topsy-turvey, but in ten
minutes the ship managed to straight
en up; then she toppled over to star
board.
"I crawled over the cross Jaekyard
and got into the port rigging, and then
the ship broke her back.
"The foremast went by the board
when we first struck, and then the
mainmast followed it, and this so weak
ened tho mizzenmast that I thought
every minute it would go.
"About a dozen poor fellows clinging
this apparition, M. Laxnfer became fixed upon his seat, into a statue. Hla
good, rosy visage, usually so calm, was now flushed to the roots or ms
thin, white hair, and instinctively he clasped his book to ms Dreasu
Meanwhile Satan's instrument bowed deferentially. „„,,
"No, M. le Cure," he said; "it is not alms wo ask. Lend us simply your
cassock! — " ,
"My cassock!" gasped the Abbe Lamier, astonished; 'you wish my cas
"The oldest and most worn-out In your possession, one that y ou may
have thrown aside," Artemon hastened to say. "I am to play to-nignt tne
rolo of the Abbe Constantin, and I cannot represent my character without
conforming to its demands and carrying out its sacerdotal dignity.
M. Lamier sprang 1 from his seat. .
"Do you think for a moment, monsieur," he said, overcome by surprise
nnd anger, "to profane a gown that has served at worship, and to maKe mo
the accomplice of these sinful amusements? Your ignoranco respecting
holy things and religion is your only excuse."
"Pardon me. M. le Cure," continued tho actor, slightly em
barrassed, but not the less determined, "it would not be the
llrst time religion has lent its aid to the drama. Do you recall the cele
brated mysteries of the Middle Ages? Moreover, I was educated in a
Beminary, and It was there I was led to adopt the vocation of actor, In
playing tho role of Athalie for the fete of the superior."
li Lamier, without being disarmed, looked again at the actor with new
interest. If this unhappy man had followed a bad calling, his point of
departure had at least been good. Ills heart could not, therefore, be cor
roded throughout, and perhaps it would be possible to point out to him the
error of hla ways.
"How comes It," said the abbe, with bitterness, "that you play on
Christmas eve?"
"Alas! M. le Cure," replied Artemon, with simplicity, "we must eat on
that night, as on any other."
M. Lamier was touched to the heart by this reply. "Poor fellow! Tho
soul of the good priest was filled with grief. He felt too unhappy to refuse
the speaker anything-.
"But," he gToaned, looking plaintively at Artemon, ' can you not choose
another piece rather than expose a servant of God to the risk of such a
sacrilege, and also to risk perverting the souls of those disposed, to be fer
"6h, Satan! Satan!" thought M. Lamier, overcome, and lowering hl3
eyes at these somewhat too direct praises, "am I now about to sin through
vanity?"
Ai; he was about to utter two prayers to cast the thoughts from his
mind Artemon approached him confidentially.
"You Bee, M. le Cure, you have never attended the theater.'
"But— well, certainly not," replied the abbe, Htartled by the very idea.
"]t is for that vs-ry' reason that you regard it as a place of evil. Why,
the theater Is the school of morals which second those or tne church. Our
dramas are simply sermons put into action. There is no piece in which
virtue is not lauded and vice and hypocrisy scourged. Ah, it is a noble
work, that of the comedian, in the eyes of those who understand it."
"What a pity this Artemon is not a preacher." thought M. Lamier, fas
cinated. "His larye face, closely shaved, with its cheeks like a Dominican,
iv -i!d look Well in a pulpit, and his insinuating voice and speaking gestures
would be very effective for good."
"Among us. I dare to say, there are many good fellows,' continued
Arttmon. "United households, good mothers of families, good citizens
abound with us."
He proceeded to cite examples: Mile. Valeric, a child of the stage., who
was the support oi her parents; M. and Mme. Hochary, models of conjugal
tenderness. One and all held their hearts in their hands, and never re
fused a service or kindness to a comrade, never refußed to do a good work,
a eond action.
"Is an actor ever to be seen on the culprit's stool unless for debt?" said
the comedian, fringing hla warm panegyric to a close. "It is true we are.
for the most part, roving grasshoppers, and grasshoppers have not any
more chance to-day than they had In La Fontaine's time."
The words were spoken with discouragement, owing to the immova
bility of the cure. As he spoke, the actor arose and brushed his hat with
gloomy energy.
"Well," he sighed, "we alone shall pass a sad Christmas while all the
world besides will be blithe and happy. M. le Cure, pardon me for having
taken up so much of your time."
He turned toward the door.
The old priest aroused himself.
"Jeanne," he called, in a loud voice, full of the exaltation of triumphant
charity, "bring me at once my new cassock."
"Ah, M. le Cure!" exclaimed the actor, overcome by the unexpected
success and pressing the r>ri< st's hands with effusion.
As Jeanne entered with the cassock upon her arm In great folds the
priest rebuked her ior loitering.
"Now bring me my shoes with the silver buckles; run quickly; why,
a snail would go as fast, is it not so, Monsieur Actor? And a hat also; you
must have a hat."
•'What?" said Jeanne, shuddering. "Are you going to lend your
clothes to the theater, M. le Cure? Your new cassock. You! who will hold
mass at midnight — "
"Truly. I do not ask so much." protested Artemon, confused, while the
cure laid the cassock on his arm. "A_n old cassock «—• •Id serve my pur
pose. I beg that you will not deprive yourself."
story of a Bruised Survivor, Who lias Just Reached Here
After Extraordinary Hardships.
to supports had been swept away. The
captain was among them. A dozen more
men were with, me In the rigging. I
saw we were goners unless we got
away, so I decided to take to the wa
ter, as the mlzzen was getting ready
to fall.
"I jumped into the sea and grabbed
a hatch that wap sweeping by. A man
was struggling to hold on to it, but
the waves banged him oft and ham
mered him n^ainst a plank to which he
clung. That left me alone trying to
hnr.e to the hatch. The roar of the
wind was lost in the roar of the break
ers and every once In a while I would
get a smash over the head or o bad
blow from some of the wreckage
banged about by the waves.
"When I was carried high on the
crest of a big wave t saw Mate Hun
ter and the men still clinging to the
mizzen rigging. Then I and the hatch
were engulfed in a pit of the sea.
"When we came up again the mast
was gone and there was only one man
left clinging to the port davit. In a
few moments he also joined the strug
pling human beings and wreckage in
the tempest-tossod waves.
"How I reached the shore I don't
know, but I would give ten years of
my life if I could only eret the roar of
the breakers out of my ears and the
"What are you thinking," replied M. I^amler. "Beneath the robes my
cassock will not be seen, while yours will be, so to say, under (ire, and if
the rents were viewed it would be a pity. The 'Abbe Constantin' must
not call forth ridicule."
"How can we ever prove our gratitude?" said the actor, his eyes actu
ally filled with tears, and he reiterated his thanks until he had crossed tha
threshold of the door.
"My dear follow," said the cure, in a trembling voice, fearing to ap
pear to place a price upon his kindness, "go as quickly as possible, accom-J
plish what you have to do, and return when the performance is over to'
attend the midnight mass. The good God will thus be satisfied with you,
and I also."
On thi3 evening Artemon fairly vibrated with emotions, surpassing him
self in his acting.
When, before the gloriously Illuminated altar, the good pastor extended
his arms lovingly above the crowd kneeling before him, he trembled with
Joy to perceive, at the lower end of the lateral aisle, among the workmen:
and Inborers, a group of men and women with weary faces and varied]
COBtUXn6B, who bowed their heads respectfully under tho benediction. The'
poor people had also arranged a little surprise for their benefactor, and
the weak but expressive voice of Valeric sang with warmth the "Christ
mas of Adam," accompanied by a harmonium.
\yiHittver may have been their past, or whatsoever the future might
have m store for them., for that hour at least a ray of God's grace had
filled then- souls, recalling the sweet and holy remembrances of their child-i
hood.
"Prace or. earth and good will toward men. Hosanna in the highest!".
The Ahbe T,amier. in an ecptacy of mercy and love, raised his dazzled
eyes toward the vaulted roof, and seemed to see at this sacred moment
among the quivering wings of the angels and the sparkle of the stars, the
luminous smile of the Savior who walked upon the roads of Samaria' and
Galilee surrounded by the miserable and worthless, and whose feet the
sinful woman had wiped with her golden hair.
'Have you brought roy cassccK?" shouted the actor from;
the window.
sight of my drowning comrades from
before my eyes."
A number of bodies were washed
ashore from the wreck, scarred and l
mutilated beyond recognition. They
were buried by the life saving crew
and a little cross now marks their last
resting place. Only a small portion of
the Atalanta's hull remains on the
sandspit to show where a noble ship
was wrecked and twenty-three sailors
lost their lives.
Vanillin, an artificial substitute for
vanilla, is made from the sap of the
Scotch pine, while a kind of rubber has
been obtained from the common birch.
1314
GOOD CHRISTMAS DINNERS
Ghristmas Jable
Decorations.
THE color scheme for the Christ
mas decorations should be a sim
ple one. Red is the most effective
and appropriate shade. It throws
a rich glow over all, so whether tha
night be clear and chill or dismal and
damp, the room has a warm, inviting
look.
Shun hothouse plants for the Christ
mas dinner table. The florist will offer
you hothouse roses and carnations. But
turn a deaf ear to his arguments and
shut your eyes to the gorgeous beauty
of his offerings. Select instead the wild
mistletoe, the holly, the cedar with its
berries, the hardy winter Christmas
ferns, the trailing pine and the dainty
manzanita.
These can be gathered in armfuls
across the bay if the usual depleted
holiday purse makes the florists impos
sible. The garlands and wreaths will
look more beautiful and smell sweeter
If you have picked them yourself.
Be careful not to overcrowd the table
with decorations. Do not raise a mound
in the center, which stands as immova
ble as the pyramids of old, an everlast
ing discomfort to those seated around
the table. It cuts off the view of ..ne
happy faces and makes peek-boo a ne
cessity if one would look at his vis-a-
Viß.
Use the trailing ferna, that cool and
green in their graceful, slender length
make of the table a de..cate lattice
work. Do not spoil the effect by a table
cloth. Under each plate place a pretty
ioily.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
Contributed by Well Known Housewives of San Francisco
Mrs. Louis Sloss.
Mrs. E. B. Pond.
Mrs. W. JR. Smedberg.
Mrs. Wendell Easton.
Mrs. J. LoWenberg.
Mrs. F. A. Morrison.
Mrs. John F. Swift.
Mrs. F. Li. Whitney
GKafing-DisK Recipes
For Ghristrrvas.
IF cooking haa become an art— a
noble Bcience-then the chafing
dish is an exact science. if you
would succeed you must deftly mas
♦i« ter the intricacies. Swiftness, cau
tlon and aptness are the infallible
*£*? on ?nS f the priestess of the chafing
fi^i i Tls an accomplishment not
lightly learned, nor yet to be spurned.
A dinner
?l. l i c . rt ' s . and other country mease*
«hich the neat-handed Phyllis dresses
May please the palate of the laboring
■wain. But when the "wee sma' hours"
cre , ep ° n a Pace there Is a charm that
will drive away the bogie-man. It is
the savory odor rising from the depths
of the chafing dish. It causes wit to
flow afresh, it routs the grim specters
that have stalked in from Boredom; it
is the "open sesame" that makes one
willing to turn night Into day.
Oysters are especially adaptable to
the chafing dish.
.They should always be drained and
washed. If they are to be panned a.
little butter may be put in the chafing
dish, the lama ligh tea, and the oysters
thrown in. As soon as they reach the
boiling point season with salt, red and
black pepper and perhaps two table
apoonfuls of cream. If they are to be
creamed allow to each pint of oysters .>
a tablespoonful c* butter; melt the but- •
ter, throw in the oysters, mix thor
oughly; moisten a tablespoonful of
flour in a little milk, then add half a
pint, pour this over the oysters, bring :
to the boiling point and season with
■alt and pepper. By adding the yolks
of two eggs and a tablespoonful of
chopped parsley you may convert them
Into fricassee of oysters. "Au naturel,"
the oysters are simply thrown Into th»
bot dialing dish, and when boiling, salt,
Mssirftnd butter to test* art added.ROYAL PRICES PAID
FOR FAMOUS RACERS
W. 08. Macdooougt) Headed the List Wher>
hje Brought Orn)or)de to California. s
THE enormous sum of $49,000 for a horse, the
amount paid by ex-Secretary William C. Whit
ney for the Imported stallion Meddler at Morris
Park recently, pales into insignificance
one considers that no less than fifteen other
animals have brought prices far in excess of that
paid for Meddler, a fact further accentuated by tne
previqoa sum of $73,000 which this small animal
brought when he was first imported to this coi
Or, the hammer, fetched $li
ight $100,00"
tl( nal English runn< r, wa ■
for no l<i ; .-= thai n< xt at ••
That the big prices paid for horses are not the true
Index of their value is shown by the fact that Ormonde,
I'uught for (150,000, was resold later for $70,0' ; M
dropped from $73,000, the price paid by the late V.'. 11.
Forbes, I -.hen he passed into the poss
\!r. Whitney.
Francis Trevelyan, one of the best-posted turf
writers in the country, nils the story of M<
t
"A great crowd was on hand in the little sale
pavilion at Morris Park to Fee this battle of the
-uses. Such a gathering has not been seen at the
The contending bidders were
the ri -.lie crowd, but the horsemen and breed
the land were well represented.
"Captain J. H. Greer, the owner of the great Eng
lish racehorse Kilcock, bad a commission of $27,bsu m
the market. William Allison, 'special commissioner
of the London Sportsman, waa willing to pay some
thing like $25,000. Mr. Powers ha
. as cV( : ll!'e
.
missions babiy
several mure about, but few were heard from.
Meddler's High Price.
"Whi n Meddler, a rich, beautifully finished bay.
■ the equine gentleman, BtiU a young
■■. wiih.au sign of blemish, was led into the ring,
:y for him. Mr s exordium
: He knew that he had his The
first bid . ' ' l Mr -
Easton himself, and probably n ■ I l- ls r''.'."
mission, but, anyhi I was no pause. An
of $j: the ring, wh
Headley and N tting. Tlv i from
Mr. Powers Mr. v hied ]
ring' and joined
with the great Bnan< i- r, for with little delay the
■.x a time, I
Whitney's bid, and Mr. Powers dropped out. It looked
••' 'ii the right-hand ig was a thin,
whit- j knee. He
■ - the firs! I
but Mr. Sanfi rd, th >ugh he would
have liked to have Meddler for his Hurricana stud,
•d when Mr. Whitney i and even
Mr. Easton's eloquence could not make him offer the
odd |1
"That was how Meddler changed hands once more.
He v that ill-fated itnrift,
Lbingdon' Baird. Mr. Baird's death in New
( irk ans in thr- . • •• horse lot
the I hich it was thought he might win
from the might; I won all three races
a t wo- V' ar-i ■:■]. the 1 tritish
Dominion and Chesterfli - i i hurst nait.
The death of his breeder brought Meddler under tne
hammer. • \V. 1!. Forb ■' him
for $73,000. On Mr. For. I nset stud farm, de
spite the uncongenial New England climate, Meddler
■got ■ • ■ Intws, Including Previous; Neseyi
Squire Abmgdon, Central Trust and Boy Orator, Gen
eral Maceo, Meddlesome, Lady Meddlesome, Miscnief
Maker, Gadfly I I rs in the two and threi
old divisions. te winnings have so far
uetj aa was paid for their sire.
"Where Mr. Whitney will I< horse remains
■ ■ try to breed racehorses
on his great estate on Long Island, and the story is
revived that he will buy th" Thompson's BTOOkdale
farm, neai ak, N. J. It is also intimated that
he bought the horse not for himself, but for August
Belmont, whose recent bereavement would prevent him
at present from figuring in such a transaction. Mr.
"Whitney do. s n< ; wear his heart upon his Sleeve, but
time will probably prove that he means t<> establish
a great stud with Meddler at the head.
"Mr. X, - ■ s -■ •' -'■•■-. Meddler's
Fir«, who ran a dead heat for the Derby of ]vS4 with
Harvester. St. Gatien is three thousand miles away
at the Cobham stud, but he was offered at M "■■.].,
Park. The Austrian Government paid $70,000 for him,
but now wish t" s' ii him, having enough of his
blood. But nobody would offer the reserve of $7500,
and the novel sale did i I off."
American horsemi bargain when they
•. but they naturally held aloof when Auctioneer
Easton stated that the ice on the 17-y.ear
old horse, 3000 miles away, was 1500 guineas ln
Hamhurjj's Mystarious Sale.
In December the turf world was startled by the
anno;. that Hamburg, the great two-year-old,
had been sold by John K. \" . ■ The
deal hung fire for some days, but on Di mber 11
Billy Lakeland, representing some unknown pur.!
Ed the animal :*t the above figures. The name
of the buyer was !; were
alt. at s"a. W:is it Whitney, Foxhall Keene, M
Daly? W. T.. I ■ $60,000 on the
Id Natii i -.v York, but the account
was raised to this figure with such secrecy that the
actual owner was unknown for some time. Finally
Marcus Daly, the great copper kintr, admitted that he
\.;is the own i- of the h< rse, and thus set at rest the
wagging tongues of th rid.
Haml ■ i ky in is r <". by Han
over out of Lady ):■ I. He b i career when he
entered John K. Maddens stable as a yearling. As a
Ing colt he play< I fiddl I 'igger,
stronger colt. Howland, and Howlnnd was sti!!
• i the better horse when Maddens string I
campaigning in 1896. Hamburg pa his first chance
as a two-year-old in Juno, 1{ Brooklyn, v
n a no-account race over a poor Held in a canter.
He first began to bo considered by the handicapper
after his next race ;:t Bro< kiyn. in which at five fur
longs he beat a field in which Previous and General
Maceo were favorites over him.
Stake was the first part of the Double
Event at "Sheepshead, in which ho was called on too
soon by Wilhitr. who was up. and ran third to Bowl
ing Brook and Laudeman. These two bang-tails were
n in a common canter by Hamburg in his next
Ftako. the Great Trial Stake. The second part of the
Double Efrent was also landed over practically the
camp field.
The seen" ?h mburg won
his first two races easily, beating Archduke with the
others. In the Grand Union Hotel Stakes, however,
Hamburg was second to Archduke. Back to New
York Hamburg was assigned top-weight in every race.
Requital beat him in the Flight Stakes, but Requital
is an old campaigner. Previous, with Sloan up, also
beat Hamburg in the Flatbush Stakes at seven fur
longs. The Autumn Stakes, however, went to Ham
burgs with 129 pounds up, Archduke second.
Hamburg's last race, and the one that settled the
tion of the two-year-old supremacy, was the Great
Eastern Handicap at Sheepshead, where, with 135
Is in the saddle, and giving away anywhere from
10 to 30 pounds to the crack two-year-olds of the year,
Hamburg, with Taral up, won the race from start to
finish in a jog. In this race the bookies laid 8 to 6
ist Hamburg.
During his racing career Hamburg started in six
teen races, winning twelve, was second three times
and third once. His purse and stake winnings foot
up the sum of $37,175. He won the Great Trial Stakes,
second section of the Double Event, Autumn and Great
Eastern Handicap, at Sheepshead; the Flash and Con-
Hall at Saratoga; the Rising Generation and
at Brighton, and the Prospect and Excelsia
- at the recent Gr..vesend meeting. He ran third
to Bowling Brook and Laudeman in the first section
of the Double Event at Sheepshead, was second to
Archduke in Saratoga's Grand Union Stakes, and at
Sheepshead recently he finished behind Requital in
the Flight and Previous in the Flatbush.
Story of St. Gatien.
The offer of St. Gatien revived an old story, with
Tvhich few of the present racegoers are familiar. The
stud books show that he is by Rotherhill or The Rover,
but in Ireland, where the latter horse stood, it is as
. that The Rover was responsible for St. Gatien.
When Si. Gatien ran his sensational dead heat for the
English Derby with Harvester, The Rover's owner,
a man nair^d Daniel Shine of Listowell. County Kerry,
Ireland, was in financial straits, and the Sheriff's offi
cers seized The Rover, whose a* iroximate value had
been much increased by St. Gatien's showing in the
blue ribbon event. Party feeling was at fever heat
in County Kerry at the time, and, although the officers
upposed to be keeping close tabs on their prize,
they found The Rover lying dead in his stall one morn
ing with his throat cut.
In addition to his dead heat for the Derby St. Gatien
phenomenal racing career, during which" he suf
it only three times In four seasons. Meddler
was not Faced after his two-year-old season, but his
nitors were. His dam. Busybody, won a fortune
through the medium of such notable events as tha
Middle Park Plate. One Thousand Guineas and tha
Oak?. She was sold as a three-year-old for $44,000.
Meddler's grandam, .Spinaway, was also a classic win
ner, and his third dam. Queen Bertha, was a signal
is both on the track and at the stud.
■ ! '••-<?• Price.! Horse. Price.
Ormonde $150,000 •Priam $30 000
•Galtee Mure 105,000 Laureate 30 000
.h T1?T 1 ? « 100,000)*Ch1iawIek (yearling* 30,000
•Match Bos <jo. •Roslcrucfan 30,000
*« . ommon 75,000lGalore 30,000
Meddler.. 73,000 Bonnie Scotland -to .ooo
•The Bard 70,000|King8ton 30,000
•Ormonde 70,000 Dew Drop 2i< 500
• ■ : to Memoir.... 27,500
St. Gatien 70,000:*Spinaway 27,400
•La Fleche 63.'i00 Count Schomberg.... 26,775
•Blair Athol 62,50u*81ue Gown 26.000
•Kangaroo 60,000] Order 2G 000
Hamburg 60 t ooß|*Gatinule 25,500*
59,000JPlaudit. 3, br. c...: 25.000
Melton 50.000 Muli us Caesar 25.000
•Frinr's Balsam So,ooo|Potomac 25 000
r 49,0W!Virgil 25 000
•isonomy 45,000 Iris 25,000
body 44.WSilver King 25,000
•Harvester 43 1 000[Kmgst5£ 25.00-)
In •••• 40,000JTremont 25000
•Scottish Chiel 40. >»*> •Wh.^i O f Fortune.. 25,000
! '-h 40. Sir Tatton Sykes...! 23.000
t the Devil 40,000|*Hampton L'l.wO
J- i.niitr buu-hman 40,000 Vanette . 1!1 two
Kentu ky 40.000. Maxim .'..'...'..'. 2tO<»
Jean Bereaud, 2, b. c... 40.000jCantinere 20 500
VerneuU 39.000)»Maximilian 20.500
King Thomas (yearling) 38.000|Viola 20 500
■" ni "■".."•'W Luke Blackburn .... 20,000
£sert 35,000jDuke of Magenta... 20.000
•The Palmer 35.000 Mortimer 20,000
1 &5.00U Ban Fox 20 000
lieur 35,000 Louisburg **) 'JOO
'Silvio 35.0005t. Mary (yearling).. 19.500
'a 34,000 Qn. Adelaide (vrlng) 1* >m
Tournament 33.500 Candlemas ...."..... liuoo
dOr 33,000jBramble if,'ooi)
'Hump Noble 31.500!Lexington 15 imo
Earl SO.SOOILady Reel 13 000'
Lud : 1,000 >Lucy Cross 13!000
Laoy Primrose colt 30,0ju. ♦Santa Fabric 12, m
.ih prices.
TVhat an army nf disappointed hopes the above list
brings to mind. King Thomas wasn't worth $4 as a
and Senator Hearst could never bear the
sight i £ the bungling big brute. Phil Dwyer gave
■or Bolero, and often wondered what possessed
him the day he bought him. A. F. V.'aloott wanted
the blaze-feced son of Rayon d'Or. but Mr Dwyer
outlasted him. Mr. Walcott owes Mr. Dwyer at least
•1 service, for Bolero was one of the rankest
counterfeits that ever wore a bridle. Snapper Gar
rison has always received credit for spoiling him but
he had a white streak long before the Snapper cut
him to pieces that fine sunny afternoon in August at
Monmouth Park.
Two hours north from Nashville is Gallatln, near
which Charles Reed has his Fan view farm It com
prises IS7I acres, and was purchased seventeen years
ago from the old Franklin family. The size of the
house and also of the mausoleum are evidences that
t)t- persons who built them must have been wealthy
'i here are over seventy yearlings at Fairview by the
us horses kept there, of which there are nearly
a dozen. The chief is. of course, St. Blaise, for which
Mr. Reed gave $100,000 at the disposal of the lat" Mr
Belmont's nursery stud, held in Madison-square Gar
den, New York. St. Blaise is not the horse one would
pick out to sire BUch fashionable and stylish stock aa
■■is. Judging from the horses which are St.
Blaise's companions at Fairv.ew. Mr. Reed would
seem to be of tho opinion that his make and shape
art- reasons for his success, whereas, if the usual
thoroughbred formation is to be accepted aa correct
St Blaise's get are rightly shaped, he gets good'
ones in spite of, in place of, by reason of, his con
formation. His head is neat and very blood like, with
a small muzzle and well-placed ears. Keck very good
shoulders somewhat straight, back short and quarters
very powerful. He has plenty of bone and groat mus
cular development;- in fact, strength and' substance
are his characteristic?.
The name of St. Blaise, or St. Blase, as the word is
frequi ntly spelled, te rery appropriate to a son of
Hermit. St. Blaise was one of the oldest of the canon
"1T WAS ThJE CLOSEST FINISH I EVER SOW."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
The Great St Blaise.
ized martyrs, who suffered death In A. D. 216. While
Bishop of Sebaste it is recorded of him that he per
formed a miracle on the throat of a suffering child,
and Catholic churches annually hold ceremonies in
commemoration thereof. Supplicants for the blessing
of the throat kneel at the altar, and, as the priest
passes in front of them, bearing an image of Christ
DARING CALIFORNIA EQUESTRIENNES.
Miss Stella McCray Was Noted for h\er Horsemar)sl)ip When She
Was at Stanford and Miss Rose 1-Jooper Is Among tfye Best
in San prancisco, and Tfyere Are Others.
TO ride a horse well and grace
fully is now, as it has long been
in the past, a requisite part of
the education of a gentlewoman;
and she who cannot only do this,
but is also skilled and fearless
enough to be capable of controlling
steeds which, by reason of their spirits
and temper, are outside the pale cf con-
TAKING A FENCE AT BURLINGAME
ventlonal "ladies' mounts," is mistress horsewomen are Mrs. W. B. Hooper
of an accomplishment of which she who, mounted upon her beautiful bay
may well be proud. mare Caprice, has frequently given her
Mrs. General Nelson A. Miles belongs friends charming exhibitions of tue
to this class, as did also Mrs. William true art of equestrianism.
ftiiss Bee and Miss Rose Hooper are
also accomplished equestriennes, the
latter being particularly fond of per
forming feats so difSeult as to be utter
impossibilities to any one less sure of
herseif, her seat and her mount than
At a recent invitation exhibition of
the Riding Club hero Miss Hooper dis
tinguished herself by driving a "uni
corn team" of three horses, harnessed
one In front of a pair, and put them
through the most difficult evolutions
with perfect ease and grace.
Mrs. Will Crocker and Mrs. Will
Tevis are also excellent horsewomen,
though they are so engrossed in social
duties that they give less time to the
sport than was their custom formerly.
Mrs. Joseph Tobin is a remarkably
graceful rider, as is also Mrs. Fannie
Lent. Mrs. Lent and Miss M. A. Far
quharson are fellow directors in tho
Riding Club and most enthusiastic
members of that exclusive organization.
Among our other society belles who
are actively interested and proficient in
horseback riding are Miss Caro
Crockett. Miss Edna Hopkins, Miss
Helen Hopkins, Miss Florence Stone,
Miss Therese Morgan an.d Miss Marie
"Wells. All of these young ladies are
extremely fond of this most healthful,
invigorating and delightful exercise,
and not one of them has been content
to merely learn how to sit in the saddle
properly and guide a well mannered
horse along a quiet way. They are
all riders worthy the name, even here
In California, where to be classed as a
really good rider requires that one
should be possessed of little less than
genius in that particular line.
Miss L. E. Ward of Oakland is also an
excellent horsewoman, and Miss Marie
Oge is noted as being one of the best
of San Rafael's riders. So also is
Mab McDonald of Santa
and crossed burning tapers, ha touches the sides of
the throat.
Ormonde, winner of the Derby of 1886, and com
monly called the Mighty Ormonde, Is by Bend Or,
winner of 18S0, he by Doncaster, the winner of 1873,
Doncaster by Stockwell. etc. Ormonde was sold to
the stud to go to South America for an enormous sum,
C. Whitney, whose unfortunate acci
dent was so widely deplored; and to
this class also beiong many of our Cali
fornian matrons and maids, the grace
and daring of whose equestrian per.
formances has won them far more than
local fame.
Among the San Francisco society la
dies who are especially proficient as
$100,000, a sum only equaled by that paid by Charles
Reed for St Blaise, the winner of 1883. Ormonde was
afterward purchased by Mr. Macdonough of 'Calif ornla
for $150,000, the purchaser taking all risks of shipping
.the horse to the United States by way of England,
and thence across the continent. Ha has had very;
few offspring.
Rosa. Miss Stella McCray, now Mrs.
Schofield, of Palo Alto was noted dur
ing her student life at Stanford Uni
versity as being the best all around
non-professional feminine athlete in
California. She was captain of the
celebrated Stanford basket-ball team,
and was a leader in all the athletic
games and sports indulged in by the
co-eds of that famous institution. More
than this she was and is a most in
trepid rider of horses whether they be
gentle or fiery, amiable or vicious,
trained or untrained. She can put a
horse through his paces whatever they
may be, her seat is firm and her hand
and eye steady. No leap that is pos
sible has any terrors for her, and she
delights in a 'cross country dash as
thoroughly as did the late spirited and
fearless Austrian Empress in the zenith
of her youth and strength.
The young ladies of Sacramento are
also fond of equestrianism and the level
roads outside the city are often made
gay by "horseback parties," the mem
bers of which organize and carry out
impromptu races and "take" fences and
ditches with great spirit and much
friendly rivalry. .Of the Sacramento
riders who have won particular dis-
tinction are Miss Genevieve Henry,
Miss Augustine dv Milieu, Miss Graco
Farnsworth and Miss Bertha Gardner
and Miss May Heath of Oak Grove.
In the country districts of California
the young woman who cannot ride is
an exception to the general rule. While
riding schools do not flourish outside
the cities, the country girl ordinarily
learns to keep her seat on a saddleless
horse at a very early age and upon thia
foundation builds wisely and well.
1516
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.no_text18
Henry T. Ga^c. Governor elect — I wish the "Monarch (?)
of the Dailies" would swear off being rude to me.
Luc lit Qnge —Swearing isn't nice; papa says so. I never heard
it, but I've heard other things — singing and dancing and theaters. If
my papa knows how I'll ask him to swear for me, and then I'll tell
you whether I like it.
Oh, if swearing off means making up your mind to stop a
thing, I know what I wijh. I want my cousin, Miss Jennie Eastman,
to swear off making me do my lessons.
G-nrsr C. H Hi. Consu for Twhey — To be candid with you,
I must confess that I care little if any one "swears off" any "old
thing" or not, as long as I am permitted to refrain from doing so my
self.
.1/ !■■ '/• -I i j)i 'ft D. Phrlan —h is customary for well-meaning
San Franciscans to "swear off" the doing of things which they con
sider prejudicial to their or others' well being at the beginning of the
year, and so it is that San Francisco, like a certain ancient and popu
lous resort of which we read, is "paved with good intentions." Now,
I have my doubts as to the merits of that kind of a pavement. It is
bservation in city affairs that later in the year a contract is in
variably let for keeping H in repair. It seems that this pavement docs
not stand the pressure of various kinds of traffic to which it is sub
jected. ''Resolutions of intention" are so often followed by b;id
work that I think that, in my official capacity, I should condemn "in
tentions" as a pavement and refuse, in the light of experience, to give
moral support to the ".swearing off process" which is invoked so often
by political offenders at the beginning of the calendar year, or imme
diately preceding an election. It is the fiscal year that counts. It is
generally believed that the City Fathers, to whom we look for every
thing that is good and wise, never "swear off" after they arc sworn in.
School Director Bam Wn let — If the newspapers will swear
off roasting me J will promise not to swear off anything myself. 1
know the people would rather have me as I am.
Coun'u Cl€rk-l»r.t W U 2>* ane— There is one man, and
only one, whom I should like to swear off. He is the man who makes
me swear until the navy blue atmosphere in the office frightens the
deacons. That man is the "job-chaser." Life will be one iong hlaven
of bliss if this multitudinous individual, the "job-chaser." will swear
off on me. I don't care whether he swears off on the other office
holders or not.
CharU* Wrleh. B*cr*fewy />' ard of E&vei i<tn~l wish
the school-teachers would swear off demanding their salaries three
days before they are due. I don't see why they don't swear off demand
ing them at all. There wouldn't be such a large deficit it they did.
There are those who would like to ask Sam Waller to swear off" think
ing lie is the entire Board of Education. Don't confuse me with those
people.
W"lliamM PUrso7i. attorney- ii-ia-v—l wish the press
would IWCW off giving a black eye to San Francisco on all occasions.
I! a Chinaman dies ol pneumonia we get the biggest kind of headlines
announcing that the bubonic plague has broken out. It we have a
slight shock of earthquake "scare heads" are used to show how every
body in town was frightened to death. Give San Francisco a chance
from iSof) on.
John /'. //•/,•/' — i wi>!i the world would swear off intemper
ame. Both those who abstain intemperately and those who are in
tcmperatrly abusive should swear off. The public would appreciate
it if Lucky Baldwin swore off trusting to luck— especially in the con
struction of hotels. I think the leaders of the Democratic party better
swear off from future overindulgence in fusion.
Rdbbi Voorsaiiger — Among a good many other tlvlngs, I
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY^, DECEMBER 18 # 1898.
What the Other
Fellow ought to
swear off on New Years.
would like politicians to swear off promising to vote for one man and
casting their ballot for another. I wish all gentlemen to swear off
spitting on the sidewalks. I would like all good women to swear off
shopping after s p. m. and robbing tired men of their seats on the
street cars.
General W. 11. L. Bmwes—ll I were Senator Perkins I would
swear off assailing the purposes of the President in relation to the
Philippines until I knew more about it.
Ed S^'Vens. artor — I wish the critics would take a breathing
spell. They need a rest. So do we. I might even restrain my tears
if Peter Robertson swore off entirely.
WiVimn Gr-''r .Harrison— l wish Ambrose Bicrcc would
swear off the habit of scif-laudation.
Static .)/ '!/'/■'■ r (r'nr J ie Lni\ — If the chorus p;irls would
swear off talking at the stage entrance I would be good-humored
enough to — ahem! — to take down the "free list entirely suspended"
sign.
Garret McEnrrne.v — There are a great many things I
would like to see changed. But a double line of police couldn't ?.c
complish it, much less wastin-g breath swearing off. However, I would
CALIFORNIA AND THE CALIFORNIANS.
THE Californian loves his State be
cause his State loves him, and
he returns her love with a fierce
affection that men of other re
gions are slow to understand,
iienee he ie impatient of outside criti
cism. Those who do not love California
cannot understand her, and, to his
mind, their bhafts, however aimed, fly
wide of the mark. Thus, to say that
California is commercially asleep, that
her industries are gambling ventures,
that her local politics is in the hands
of professional pickpockets, that her
small towns are the shabbiest in Chris
tendom, that her saloons control more
constituents than her churches, that
she is the slave of corporations, that
she knows no such thing as public
opinion, that she has not yet learned to
distinguish enterprise from highway
robbery nor reform from blackmail —
all these things and many more the
Californian may admit in discussion or
may say himself, but he does not find
them acceptable from others. They
may be more or less^true, in certain
times and places, but the conditions
which have permitted them will like
wise mend them. It is said in the Alps
that "not all the vulgar people who
come to Chamouni can ever make
Chamounl vulgar." For similar rea
sons, not all the sordid people who drift
overland can ever vulgarize California.
Her fascination endures, whatever the
accidents of population.
The charm of California has, in th»
main, three sources — scenery, climate
and freedom of life.
To know the glory of California
scenery one must live close to it
through the changing years. From Sis
kiyou to San Diego, from Me>.idoch:o
to Mariposa, from Tahoe to the Far
allones, lake, crag, or chasm, forest,
mountain, valley, or island, river, bay,
or jutting headland, every one bears
the stamp of its own peculiar beauty, a
singular blending of richness, wildness
and warmth. Coastwise everywhere sea
and mountains meet, and the surf of
the cold Japanese current breaks in
turbulent beauty against tall "rin
cones"' and jagged reefs of rock. Slum
bering amid the hills of the Coast
Range,
"A miPty camp of mountains pitched
lumultuously,"
Lie golden valleys dotted with wide
limbed oaks, or smothered under over
weighted fruit trees. Here, too, crum
ble to ruin.s the old Franciscan mis
sions, passing monuments of Califor
nia's first page of written history.
To a very unusual degree the Cali
fornian forms his own opinion on mat
ters of politics, religion and human life,
and these views he expresses without
reserve. His own head he "carries un
der his own hat," and whether this be
silk or a sombrero is a matter of his
own choosing. The dictates of church
and party have no binding force on him.
The Califnrnian does not confine his
views to abstractions, xie has his own
opinions of individual men and women.
If need be, he will analyze the charac
ter, motives, and actions of his neigh
bor in a way which will horrify the
traveler who has grown up in the shade
of a libel law.
The typical Californian has largely
outgrown provincialism. He has seen
much of the world, and he knows the
varied worth of varied lands. He tra
vels more widely than the man of any
other State, and he has the education
■which travel gives. As a rule, the \v.ii
to-do Californian knows Europe better
than the average Plastern man of equal
financial resources, and the chances are
that his range of experience includes a
part of Asia as well. A knowledge of
his own country is a matter of course.
He has no sympathy with "the essen
tial provinciality of the mind which
knows the Eastern seaboard, and has
some measure of acquaintance with
countries and cities, and with men from
Ireland to Italy, but which is densely
ignorant of our own vast domain, and
thinks thnt all that lies beyond Phila
delphia belongs to the West." Not that
provincialism is unknown in California.
or that its occasional exhibition is any
less absurd or offensive here than else
where. For example, one may note a
tendency to set up local standards for
literary work done in California. An.
other, more harmful idea would insist
that methods outworn in the schools
elsewhere are good becaupe they are
Californian. This is the usual provin
cialism of ignorance, and it is found the
world ov<-r. Especially is it character
istic of centers of population. Whin
men come into contact with men in
stead of with the forces of nature, they
mistake their own conventionalities fur
the fa^fs of existence. ft is not what
life Is, but what "the singular mess we
agree to call life" is, that interests
them. In this fashion they lose their
real understanding of affairs, become
the "toys of th • local environment and
are marked as provincials or tenderfeet
when they stray away from home.
California is emphatically one of
earth s male lands," to accept Brown
appreciate it if Mr. de Young would swear off denying that he is a can
didate for the Senate.
R. Pnrh»r Aik», State Senator el ret— l should like the
Chief of Police to swear off being Chief of Police.
Attorney Eug'nc, Beuprey—AS the good prophets on elec
tion results should swear off once and for all. I have sat at their feet,
listened to their auguries, and thereby hangs a sorry tale.
Raphael W^'ii — l am afraid it would be asking Barbour Lathrop
too much to request him to stop talking. For he must live up to his
reputation as the man of "iron jaw."
Rabbi Nirto— The politicians ought to swear off interchanging
doubtful compliments— especially since they don't mean a word of it.
Health, In ]) •r/nr Dt>ck"r%—l think the man who is looking
for my job had better swear off. It's not such a snap as he thinks. I
may not have to burn midnight oil, but I must often pour the morning
milk. I'm not exactly looking for trouble, but I find it. This hunting
for adulterations is not unadulterated bliss.
,M. M. Es/ee—Let me say, as far as my experience goes, this is
B pretty good world, and the people in it are pretty good people. I
am not at all in touch with those who see something wrong in every
By David Starr Jordan.
ing's classification. The first Saxon
settlers were men, and in their rude
civilization women had no part. For
years women in California were objects
of curiosity or of chivalry, disturbing
rather than cementing inlluences in so
ciety. Even yet California is essen
tially a man's State. It is common to
say that puMic opinion does not exist
there; but such a statement is not whol
ly correct. It does exist, but it is an
out-of-door public opinion — a man's
view of men. There is, for example, a
strung public opinion against hypocrisy,
in California, as more than one clerical
renegade has found, to his discomfiture.
The pretense to virtue is the one vice
that is not forgiven. If a man be not
a liar, few questions are asked, least
all the delicate one as to the "name he
went by in the States." What we com
monly call public opinion — the cut-and
dried decision on social and civic ques
tions — is made up in the house. It
is essentially feminine in its origin, the
opinion of householders as to how m^ri
should b' have. In California ther^ is
little which corresponds to the social
atmosphere pervading the snug, white
painted, green-blinded New Englani
villages, and this little exists chiefly in
communities of people transported thi
ther in block— traditions, convention
alities, prejudices and all. There is, in
general, no merit attached to conform
ity, and one may take a wide range of
rope without necessarily arousing dis
trust. Speaking broadly, in California
the virtues of life spring from within,
and are not prescribed from without.
The young man who is decent only
because he thinks that some one is
looking would do well to stay a\vi.y.
The stern law of individual responsi
bility turns the fool over to the fool
killer without a preliminary trial. No
liner type of man can be found in the
world than the sober Californian; nnd
yet no coast is strewn with wrecks
more pitiful.
There axe some advantages in the ab
sence of "a compelling force of public
opinion. One of them is found in the
strong self-reliance of men and women
who have made and enforced their
own moral standards. With very many
men life in California brings a decided
strengthening of the moral fiber. They
must reconsider, justify and fight for
their standards of action; and by so
doing they become masters of them
selves. With men of weak nature the
result is not so encouraging. The bad
side of this iife is shown in lax business
methods, official carelessness and cor
ruption, the widesr.road c rrosions of
vulgar vices, and the general lack of
pride in their work shown by artisans
and craftsmen.
In short, California is a man's land,
with male standards of action — a land
where one must give and t-ke, stand
anJ fall, as a man. With the growth
nf woman's realm of homes and houses
this will slowly change. It is changing
now, year by year, for good and ill;
and soon California will have a public
opinion. Her sons will learn to fear
"the rod behind the looking-glass," and
to shun evil not only because it is vile,
but because it is improper.
In no way has the unearned incre
ment been more mischievous than in
the booming of cities. With the growth,
of towns ctimcß increase in the value of
the holdings of those who hold and
wait. If the city grows rapidly enough,
tnese gains may be inordinately great.
The marvelous beauty of Southern Cal
ifornia and the charm of its climate
have impressed thousands of people.
Two or three times this impression has
been epidemic. At one time almost
every bluff along the coast, from Los
Angeles to San Diego and beyond, was
staked out in town lots. The wonderful
climate was everywhere, and every
where men had it for sale, not only
aiong the coat,a t, but throughout the
orange-bearing region of the interior.
Every resident bought lots, all the lots
he could hold. The tourist took his
hand in speculation. Corner lots in San
Diego, Del Mar, Azusa, Redlands,
Riverside, Pasadena, anywhere, brought
fabulous prices. A village was laid out
in the uninhabited bed of a mountain
torreTU, and men stood in the streets in
Loc Angeles, ranged in line, all night
long, to wait their turn in buying tots.
Worthless lanu and inaccessible, barren
cliffs, river-wash, sand hills, cactus de
serts, sinks o- alkali, everything met
with ready sale. The belief that South
ern California would be one great city
was universal. The desire to buy be
came a mani;i. "Millionaires of a day," J
even the shrewdest lost their heads, and j
the boom ended, as' such booms always
end, in utter collapse.
T. 8. Van Dyke of San Diego
has written of this collapse: "The
money market tightened almost on the
instant. From every quarter of the \
land the drain of money ou' ..ard had !
been enormous, and had been balanced i
only by the immense amount constant
ly coining in. Almost from the day this
inflow, ceased money seemed scarce
everywhere, for the outgo still contin
ued. Not only were vast sums going
out every day for water pipe, railroad
iron, cement, lumber and other materi
al for the great improvements going on
in every direOtlon, most of which mate
rial had already been ordered, but thou
sands mure were still going out for dia
monds and a host of other things al
ready bought— things that only increase
the general indebtedness of a com
munity by making thosu who cannot af
ford them imitate those who can. And
tens of thousands more were going out
for butter, eggs, pork and even potatoes
and other vegetables, which the luxuri
ous boomers thought it beneath the
dignity of millionaires to raise."
But the normal growth of Los Ange
les and her sister towns has gone on, in
spite of these spasms of fever and their
consequent chills. Their real advan
tages could not be obscured by the
bursting of financial bubbles. By reason
of situation and climate they have con
tinued to attract men of wealth and
enterprise, as well au those in search of
homes and health.
The search for the unearned incre
ment In bodily health brings many to
California who might better have re
mained at home. The invalid finds
health in California only it he is strong
enough to grasp it. To one who can
spend his life out of doors it is indeed
true that "our pines are trees of heal
ing," but to one confined to the house,
there is little gain in the new condi
tions. To those accustomed to the close
heat of Eastern rooms the California
house in the winter seems depresßingly
chilly.
I know of few things more pitiful
than the annual migration of hopeless
consumptives to Los Angeles, Pasadena
and San Diego. The Pullman cars in
the winter are full of sick people, ban
ished from the East by physicians who
do not know what else to do with their
incurable patients. They go to the large
hotels of Los Angeles or Pasadena and
pay a rate they cannot afford. They
shiver in half- warmed rooms; take cold
after cold; their symptoms grow alarm
ing; their money wastes away; and
finally, in utter despair, they are hur
ried back homeward, perhaps to die on
board the train. Or it may be that they
choose cheap lodging-houses, at prices
more nearly within their reach. Here
again they suffer for want of home
food, home comforts and home warmth,
and the end is Just the same. People
hopelessly ill should remain with their
friends; even California has no health
to give to those who cannot earn it, in
part at least, by their own exertions.
It is true that the "one-lunged peo
ple" form a considerable part of the
population of Southern California. It
is also true that no part of our Union
has a better population, and that many
of these men and women are now as
robust and vigorous as one could desire.
But this happy change is possible only
to those in the first stages of the dis
ease. Out-of-door life and physical ac
tivity enable the system to suppress the
germs of disease, but climate without
activity does -.ot cure. So far as cli
mate is concerned, many parts of the
arid regions in Arizona, New Mexico
and Colorado are more favorable than
California, because they are protected
from the chill of the sea. Another class
of health-seekers receives less sympa
thy in California, and perhar^ deserves
less. It is made up of jaundiced hypo
chondriacs and neurotic wrecks. These
people shiver in the California winter
boarding-houses, torment themselves
with ennui at the country ranches,
poison themselves with "'nerve foods,"
and perhaps fh.ally survive to write the
sad and squalid "truth about Califor
nia." Doubtless it is all inexpressibly
tedious to them; subjective woe is al
ways hard to bear — but it is not Cali
fornia.
* •
With all this, the social life is. in its
essentials, that of the rest of the United
Btatos, for the same blood flows in the
veins of those whose influence domi
nates it. Under all its deviations and
variations lies the old Puritan con
science, which is still the backbone of
the civilization of the republic. Life
there is a little fresher, a little freer, a
good deal richer, In its physical aspects,
but for these reasons, possibly, more in
tensely and characteristically Ameri
can. With perhaps 95 per cent of iden
tity there is 5 per cent of divergence,
and this 5 per cent I have emphasized
even to exaggeration. We know our
friends by their slight differences in
feature or expression, not by their com
mon humanity. Much of this diverg
ence 1b already fading away. Scenery
and climate remain, but there is less
elbow-room, and the unearned incre
ment is disappearing. That which is
solid will endure; the rest will vanish.
The forces that ally us to the East are
growing stronger every year with the
immigration of men with new ideas.
The vigorous growth of the two uni
versities in California insures the ele
vation as well as the retention of these
ideas. In this way, # perhaps, California
may contribute eom'ething to the social
development of the East, and be a
giver as well as a receiver. But to the
last certain traits will persist. It is the
most cosmopolitan of all the States of
the Union, and such it will remain.
Whatever the fates may bring, the peo
ple will be tolerant, hopeful and ade
quate, sure of themselves, masters of
the present, fearless of the future.
From December Atlantic Monthly.
body but themselves. While I have no cause to be especially satisfied
with myself, I have abundant reason for being grateful to and satisfied
with others. I hear many people say that when they were young
there was less wickedness in the world than now. I don't believe a
word of it. And, after all, the man who is always turning over a new
leaf in life has left too many blots on the leaf last turned.
Dr. Hertzstein — I would suggest to Major Mclaughlin that he
swear off on politics.
Dr. Wln-st'ow Anderson — Colonel Kowalsky swears off every
day in the year on avoirdupois. Considering his ethereal proportions,
it's not a bad "swear off." But I would suggest to him that on New
Year's he swear off on warm places — for example, Baldwin Hotel fire^.
Suvrin*endp,n,> of Streets Ambrose— l wish the people
would swear off asking the impossible. There are no cobblestones in
the city of golden streets, thank heaven.
Supirvi or Elward Smith —
The dude, the dude, the butterfly dude,
He walks like a dolly, he talks like a polly.
Rottanzi, swear off! Your soldier cjothes doff!
Wake up from your trance! Climb up on your great high hat ordi
nance.
Supervisor B itfauzi —
Doc Smith, he says, says he to me
"Here's a tip on the races. sec!"
Swear off, Doc. being so good to me.
Doc wins, but I always lose, you see!
Supervisor D"lan,y — I'm a cornbeef and cabbage epicure my
self. But when Haskins invites us to ducks. I wish he'd swear on"
thinking that hunger is the only thing that must be satisfied. There it
thirst.
Supervisor* Rivers, Shvclvan and Jlforten — We never
swore off anything in our lives, so it would be hardly fair to ask any
one else to swear off.
Sun"i'vi*or /i ••///— My friend Devariy ought to swear otf on
"gold bricks" after January I.
Supervisor Hn shins — Captain Delany has sworn off for several
weeks on a shave. It's no use whistling "Still His Whiskers Grew"
to him. The Baldwin barber is no more, and he fears any other wiii
deface his manly beauty. He ought to swear oft thinking so. His
good looks are proof against any razor.
Supervisor Dfvnnjf—TeU the other man to swear off. I don't
know who he is or what he must swear off. But the more rustling of
turned over leaves the better. It detracts attention from those who are
not swearing off.
Washington Dodsp, Assessor <>lrct — Reporters might swear
off on too vivid imaginations. In their flights of imagination the
sometimes build out of thin air.
Suvrvlaor Lachmaitn—l would ask the children to swear of.
asking, "Got any election cards, mister?"
Supervisor C intmt~ -Swear off asking me to express my public
opinion privately, and swear off demanding my private opinion pub
licly.
Registrar _#/£(?// — The weather clerk has relented a little. Bu'
on New Year's I wish he w r ould swear off entirely on dry weather. I;
he doesn't we will have to irrigate with the tears of disappointmeiv «
that are shed over the lack of rain.
Wi'! ; a7n Kfifh. artist— l would like to have colds swear off or
me. They seem t« take a particular fancy to me, summer and wintei
alike. I wish they would confine their attention to some other mail
A cold is not a thing of beauty, but with me it lasts forever.
Jif. L" Jrnn<> , *en ptor—l wish people would swear off neglect
ing to patronize and encourage art.
Attorney Cr-wri l Fit zc/rrrrld—'My friends are too good tc
ask them to swear off. But, since charity begins at home. I suppose it
would not be uncharitable to ask my enemies to swear off.
Cupid D worth, liens' c> rk~ Every bachelor in Sai
Francisco ought to swear off on single life. Single blessedness is but
a fib, and the man is dead that's single. I say this in the fullness oi
knowledge gained in my professional capacity.KIPLING AS A SCHOOLBOY
AND THE PRANKS HE PLAYED
One of His Classmates Teffs Amusing Incidents of the
Early Days of the Great Author and How He
Began His Career,
F lal to The BocSay Ca'.L
IN n ding of Stalky, McTurk and
Kipling's unique stories
i feel as if I was
Id friends. I knew the
us trio well under their
true :. snsford, Dunstervllle and
Kiph: t. Kipling was •Beetle,"
although we called him '"Gigs." Dun
nee become an officer in
the Indian army.
I : Kipling in 1579 when he
irs old. In 'that year I joined
the United Sen Be "Westward
a the parish of N'ortham, North
Devon, which had been in existence for
several years. I was at once assigned
to the same house with Kipling under
a master named Pugh, and after a few
terms Kipling was changed to my dor
mitory, over which his particular
ville. was eventually
made sub-prefect. 1 sat at different
times in the same classes with Kipling
and during the last year that 1 spent
i v >.;. my study was im
media >w the one occupied by
.. Dunsterville and Kipling.
The masters referred io in the stories
are Cormell Price, the head master;
\Y. C. Crofts, the classical master, and
M. H. Pugh, the house master, who un
doubtedly suggested the "Pruut" of
whom Kipling speaks.
The I':.. vice College, which
was intended chiefly for the education
of sons Anglo-Indian civil and mili
tary officers, was within sight of the
Atlantic. The immediate neigh
borhood was of a character ta delight
the heart of any boy— high frowning
cliffs at whose base terrible jagged
rocks ran far out into the sea, as a
warning to vessels of their sure fate
if by any unlucky chance they missed
the bar. These cliffs, however, were
the a  ral species of rare sea
birds, thus offering a splendid field for
hazardous adventure.
Not a Youthfnl Prodigy.
During these four or five years, as
ms school fellows, it could
han: i that Kipling appeared
to them as a prodigy. In the first pia^e
h^ was always extremely near-sighted,
which was perhaps the reason for his
taking any very keen interest in
either field sports or athletics— a profi
ciency that, alone, almost makes an
English boy a hero' in the sight of his
school fellows. Un the other hand Kip
ling was n>'t by any means a "sweat."
He was not always to be seen poring
over his books. He was seldom at the
: his i lass, though to be sure he
was never at the bottom. He did not
take all the prizt-s that came in his
way, and he was not even in due course
promoted to the office erf sub-prefect,
although when he left the college In
ISS2 he carried with him the well
ed first prize in English literature.
Only he did seem to be able to solve a
probi- • minutes over which an
nnpht have labored for an
hour. He was chiefly noticeable in his
school fellows' eyes for a keen wit and
a flow ol language that could only be
suppressed by depriving him. of his
spectacles.
"Stalky, Beetle and McTurk."
About the middle of his school life
Kipling entered into a strong tie of
friendship with two other boys, in
many respects pf his own temperament.
The trio seemed to have aims of their
own apart from the rest of the college,
leading a kind of Bohemian existence,
and amusing themselves by tilts at the
powers that were, in which encounters
they frequentl;' came off victorious, as
related in the "Stalky" stories. At the
time when Kipling and his two chums
were first assigned to a room or
"study" for their own use, the esthetic
wave of some seventeen years ago was
sweeping over English society, and the
three boys at once determined to "live
up" to the prevailing fashion. They first
of all painted a wonderful stork dado
round their room; then they purchased
a number of old plates, spoutless tea
pots and Japanese fans and hung them
upon the walls. They called it very
"nigh art." and for a day the whole
school came to see and wondered.
At the United Service College the
custom prevailed as in most English
"public schools " of placing a great
part of the out-of-class discipline in the
hands of the head boys v ho are called
prefects or monitor?. In particular
these head boys are responsible for the
maintenance of order in the large cor
mltories or sleeping-rooms — one prefect
having charge of perhaps a dozen or
fifteen boys.
Telling Stories at Night.
Now it happens that the prefect of
the dormitory in which Hudyard Kip
ling slept was a great admirer of the
thousand and one stories of the Ara
bian Nights, and conceived the idea
that it would conduce to his early re
pose if he compelled each of the boys
in his room to tell stories in turn. The
idea was at once put into practice, und
the boys told such stories of sport, love
and adventure as the fertility of their
brains brought forth; but it became
quickly apparent that Kipling so far
surpassed the others in that talent that
the prefect insisted upon his telling
stories out of his turn, the result of
which practice would generally be
somewhat as follows:
The light having been extinguished,
the voice of the prefect would be heard:
"Now, then, Gigs, a yarn."
"Gigs" was an abbreviation for gig
lamps— a nickname conferred upon
Kipling by his school fellows on ac
count of the extraordinarily large spec
tacles he wore.
Therr> would come no response from
the bed In the corner.
(lips! You hear? A yarn."
Still no answer.
"Look here, Gigs, if you don't wake
up I'll— "
An expostulating voice from under
neath the clothing— "Oh, what is it?"
•' \ yarn, a yarn."
Protestlngly, "Hut I say, it's not my
Dictatorfally, "I don't care if it isn't—
a yarn." After which there would per
hapfl fdlow a pause of five minutes,
when the voice of the prefect would be
heard again, "All right. Gigs, you
- imme> ately succeeded by the
• rash of a boot in the neighborhood of
Kipling's ''td, to be followed by the
muffled pound of a piece of soap strik
ing tIK- clothes.
"I say/ 1 from Kipling, by this time
wide awake. "What is it?"
A yarn, a yarn."
"I don't know any."
Prom the prefect: "Oh, yes, you do;
anyway I'll give you a skeleton.
Once upon a time there was a man who
to sea, killed the captain, turned
pirate, got wrecked on an island, where
he fought a battle against a lot of say
' married the chief's daughter.
am. lived happily ever afterward.
Now go on."
With a grunt of dissatisfaction Kip
ling would thereupon begin, shortly,
however, making the prefect the villain
of the- story and placing him in euch
absurd situations that the whole dormi
tory would be shouting with laughter,
and the noise of creaking shoes upon
the stairs would come as a warning:
that the house master was on his way
to see into the nocturnal disturbance.
As a College Editor
For two years Rudyard Kipling oc
cupied the editorial chair of the United
Service College Chronicle, during which
period many bright verse i and clever
articles from his pen appeared within
the pages of that little journal. This
was entirely an honorary position,
which, however led to an engagement
on the local paper under novel and
amusing circumstances. The head mas
ter of the college, apart from his scho
lastic duties, held the office of chair
man of the local board — partaking of
the nature of n unpaid rural super
visorship, with perhaps a little patron
age attached that somebody or other
was anxious to possess.
This ambitious person succeeded in
gaining the assistance of the editor of
the local paper. The consequence was
that, for a time, a number of crudely
virulent personal attacks were made
the policy of the board, to all of
which the head master paid no atten
tion whatever. Then the editor, prob
ably having seen some of Kipling's
work in the college paper, entered into
an arrangement with him. that for
the sum of $2 50 a week the latter
should do his best to goad the head
master into the indiscretion of a re
tort
A Newspaper Contest With Head Master.
It was not long, therefore, before de
nunciatory articles appeared in the pa
per, treating of the board's local drain
age scheme in such poignant, sarcastic
terms that everybody began to talk
about the matter, and the head master
was compelled to take up his pen in
self-defense— a literary duel thus com
mencing between the all unconscious
master and his pupil, that afforded
those who were in the secret a weekly
fund of amusement.
Eventually the head master resigned
his chair, but whether he dlscovere i
the personality of his brilliant antag
onist i? not known. Had he done so.
"It Was Courage Gone Mad; a Hundred Hands and More Bore on the Fag; Then Down It Went With Not a Hand Left to Raise It, and the Field Was
Carpeted With the Dead. The Li^e of That Charge Was Never Seen Before, Not Even in the Soudan."
there is a probability that young Kip
ling would have been painfully made
aware of the fact, as the cane and the
birch are still important factors in
English "public" school discipline.
When a looking glass fir^t engages
the serious attention of a youth, a
somewhat ludicrous devotion to the
wardrobe is often the result. In that
respect. Kipling and his two particular
chums inclined to ward the Bohemian,
until they perceived in the opposite ex
treme a chance to enact a good part.
which, for the time being, afforded
their companions no little amusement.
At the United Service College it haD
pened that there was a certain classical
master who had developed a profound
aversion to anything approaching fop
pishness, and to whom fancy waist
coats, sporting scarfpins and silk hand
kerchiefs were an abomination second
only to what was termed the "modern"
side of the school.
Having Sport With the Master.
To such an extent did this master
carry his discrimination in the matter
of clothes that those attending his
classes or coming more particularly un
der his jurisdiction, who evinced the
least tendency to "style" were promptly
made the butts of his most withering
sarcasm, and were even occasionally
peremptorily ordered not to appear
again in his presence wearing conspicu
ously offensive garments. Now Kipling
and his two chums in the course of
THE SA.N 1 I{A:nCTSCO (\\IYL. SI'XBAY, JDECEMISEK 18, 1898.
promotion at length found themselves
brought into daily contact with this
master, and having duly made note of
his supreme aversion, they proceeded
to stimulate it after their own fashion.
So it Bhortly came to be noticed that
the Kipling trio were putting on
"style"— a fact that the master in ques
tion noticed also, but concerning which
he contented himself with scornful re
marks, until a shilling bottle of over
powering perfume was the direct cause
of an explosion of wrath, of the class
room windows being thrown wide open
one cold winter morning, and of some
thing besides invectives being hurled
at the offenders' heads.
In spite of this emphatic rebuff Kip
ling and his chums continued their ef-
forts to approach the extreme height
of fashion, borrowing such likely gar
ments as they did not themselves pos
sess, and choosing Sunday as the day
on which to make a brave display of
their personal adornments, for the
three sat close to the classical master
in church. Again, fur a time, the mas
ter confined himself to sneering re
marks; but three pairs <~>f light, cloth
topped patent leather shoes brought
the matter to a climax.
On the particular Sunday when the
shoes were first worn, the classical
master quickly spied them out, and
having beckoned the three youths be
fore him, pointed to the objectionable
articles and desired to be informed as
to their precise nature.
"Which things, sir?" asked Kipling,
following with his gaze the direction
indicated by the classical master's fore
finger, and wonderingly surveying the
floor as if he expected to behold some
strange insects crawling there. "Which
things, sir?"
"Those things." emphatically replied
the master, pointing to Kipling's feet.
"My feet, sir?" asked Kipling, as if
he were still in doubt as to the master's
exact meaning.
"No, the vile things you've got on
them." angrily explained the former.
"Go and take them off at once. At
once! D'you understand me?"
Whereupon the Kipling trio divested
themselves of their beautiful shoes,
and the classical master posted a house
notice to the effect that patent leather
shoes, among other enumerated "fop
pish" articles of dress, were henceforth
strictly prohibited. As if in despair
at the'sweeping nature of this edict the
Kipling trio immediately reverted to
the her < xtrl&ne, and the next Sunday
ared at the church callover as if
had slept in their best clothes over
night, with only their shoes so wonder
fully V',!isHed that the classical master
first mistook them for the contraband
patent leathers.
On closer inspection, however, being
satisfied that his surmise was incorrect,
and perhaps regarding the trio's dis
hevel ranee as. for once, a
backward step in the ri-ht direction,
hp merely recommended a vigorous ap
plication of th( brush, and unsuspect
ingly permitted them to go on their
\\;lv to church.
It was not long after the service had
commenced before every one in the
vicinity ex the Kipling trio became con
scious "of a most pungent and sicken
ing odor of blacking, the classical mas
ter who sat next to Kipling being the
nr«t of course, to sniff the air with
suspicion. But as the church warmed
up the smell became so altogether un
bearable that the classical master, cast
ing a look of supreme disgust upon the
remarkably devout and apparently
quite Innocent youths at his side, hur
riedly rose from his seat and sought
refuge in another part of the church.
Then as the other boys near by
crammed their handkerchiefs into their
mouths to suppress explosions of laugh
ter, a . merry twinkle beamed out
through Gig's enormous spectacles. It .
was generally thought that the three
would meet with a swift and terrible
punishment; but the classical master,
for some reason, decided to hold his
peace, and thereafter permitted the
edict regarding foppishness to fall into
abeyance. .
. i MICHAEL GIFFORD WHITE.
& ======= *
A member of General Merritt's Dartv
says that while the bearing of the
Germans there left much to be desired
at fust, a markedly more cordial feel
ing grew up as the American army
and navy demonstrated their capabili
ties. It appears that a German offi
cial called upon General Merritt after
the capture of Manila, complimented
hi-.i upon the appearance of his troops,
and remarked: "I notice you have
many Germans among them." By this
the German official intimated that the
infusion of German blood explained the
efficiency of the American soldiers.
General Merritt, it is added. reDlied
jestingly: "We make* a citizen of a
German in three years and we make
a soldier of him in five years."
French counts have nine equal pearls
In their coronets, while the British Baron
is entitled to a coronet of four bis pearls.
HOST FANATICAL CHARGE
THE WILD SOUDAN EVER SAW
hcrch of Stating Dervishes Walked Right Up to Cer
tain Death Shouting for Their Prophet and
Ef Koran.
NEW YORK, Dec. 13.— There is
now visiting relatives in this
city a middle-aged man who
lately came from the Soudan,
where he took part in the an
nihilation of the Mahdi's
army at Omd — man on September 2
last. He knows what wild fighting is
as he saw six years' service on the
plains against the Indians before he
went back and enlisted in the British
army.
He gives the following graphic ac
count of the first part of t- battle of
Omdurman:
"I never saw anything like it and I've
seen some lighting in my time out
West on the plains before I went back
to her Majesty's service. Nor you never
saw anything like it and you have Been
some service, too. Nor none of you.
Nor nobody that wasn't there at the
time.
"There never was anything like it, at
least in our time.
"They talk about the Old Guard at
Waterloo. They were brave men, all
right and good enough, and stood their
ground and the last man died where
he stood. They could have shown 'the
white' if they had wanted to, but they
didn't want to. They were game to the
death. But they could give as good as
they got, barring numbers, and they
were hemmed in and circled about so
they couldn't run; none braver than
they were.
"But these Dervishes beat all. We
knew the 'beggars' (Tommy Atkins'
modification of Baggaras, who consti
tuted a large part of the Mahdi's fight
ing force) could fight, and would fight.
We had seen enough for that at Firket,
Atbara and other places, but then their
chances were better; they had some
show, could hit back as it were. But
it wasn't that way at Omdurman. At
Atbara we were the attacking party
and they could lie behind their zerebas
and shoot until we broke in and routed
them up at the point of the bayonet,
when they used their spears and swords
as well as they could; a few that were
left ran away, but a lot found sure
death where they stood.
"But at Omdurman it was all dif
ferent. They came right on to certain
death, walking, as it were, over their
own dead bodies, and knowing they
couldn't help themselves.
"Order! Not much. No more than
one would see in a herd of cattle, mov
ing across the plains, but there was a
certain show of fixed resolve and regu
lar purpose that made one feel queer
when he knew that they were coming
at him. Not that we were scared. Not
a bit of it. We could have no doubt
of the result. We knew our strength.
We knew what we could do and we
knew what they couldn't do. That was
the main thing. We knew that they
had a long way to come over good open
ground well under the range of our
Maxims and rifles, to say nothing of
our field batteries, which were in good
positions and all ready, while they, poor
"beggars," could do us little hurt until
they got right up to close quarters, if
they ever did, as they had few guns
that would carry any distance and
most of them had only spears and
swords.
"What were they counting on? Well,
I can't say, unless it was on their num
bers. There was a lot of them, too, but
not enough for the work that they had
cut out for themselves — poor 'beggars.'
They could not have dreamed of what
they were running up against.
"About the battle? Well, maybe I
haven't said much about the battle;
that is the rest of it, but I've told you
something about the first of it. What
came afterward was a kind of finish,
up, as it were. Fighting done after
ward? Yes! Plenty of it, but nothing
like that 'first charge." I'll never for
get that sight in all my living days. It
can hardly be called a fight. Too one
sided, but there was lots of gun firing
on our side and lots of dead and wound
ed on the other. Why, the field In front
of our center was literally carpeted
with white, mixed ail up with black,
where the bare arms and legs of the
poor "beggars' showed out, and here and
there a horse or two. Some of them,
chiefs, sheiks and emirs, they call them,
rode on horseback. It was a sight to
last one man ail the rest of his life.
"How many killed? Well, to speak
by the card, I should say just all of
them. That is. all that were in the
way of It. All that started across that
open space toward our lines. I didn't
see any going back. How many? I
don't just know. I never counted them.
I don't suppose anybody else did very
closely. Just guessed at the number.
The papers will tell you what the guess
was, I just tell you what I know. Ail
of them were killed. Five, seven or ten
thousand; just as many as started. All
of them killed, that is, sooner or later.
Of course, a good many were just
wounded at first, but they were all dead
men before the thing was over. You
don't need field hospitals for those
'beggars.' They never quit till they are
dead. So you see the enemy's loss is
made up of two items — killed and pris
oners, and these last are not so many.
The Sirdar knows hi business.
"The battle was on a Friday, Well, on
Wednesday night ive were camped near
the river, about twelve miles below Ora
durman. A heavy storm came up with
much thunder and lightning and the
rain just poured do\.n. In the midst
of it all at daybreak we struck our
tents and started on the march again.
Every man of us was wet through and
through. We had had wo rest, not a bit
of sleep, and were pretty well worn out,
though we had full stomachs and
plenty more within easy- reach. The
whole army, about 28,000 men, was well
under way by 5 o'clock. The march
ing was heavy sure enough. The mud
was so "sticky" that when you lifted
your foot a great mass of it hung on
and made you step short. We began
to feel better, though, when just before
noon the sun came out, and after go-
Ing a short distance farther we went
into camp just above the little old town
of Kerreri, about six miles from Ora
durman, where the battle was fought
the next <la>. We halted about half
past 1 o'clo-k in the afternoon, Thurs
day, September 1.
• "Our line extended In a kind of a half
circle, about two and a half miles, with
both ends resting on the river.
''The position was a good one. The
rround was a little high and sloped
easily away to the west, offering no
cover to an enemy except here and
there a slight depression, a few feet
below the general surface, as far as
the hills, the nearest of which, Jebel
Surgham, lay a little to the southwest
about a mile and a quarter distant.
A little farther away, directly to the
west and opposite our center, ran a
range of hills parallel to the river for
some three or four miles.
"On our extreme left next to the river
and nearest the city, which was In plain
sight, was our artillery and the Brit
ish brigade, with the Twenty-first Lan
cers in the rear of their right. Next in
the circle came the 'Fuzzy Wuzzles,"
or the Soudanese, our black brothers
in arms. Fighters, too, they were.
Then next and extending on around to
the river again were the 'Gippies,' or
the Egyptian division, as they are of
ficially called. The supply boats were
in the river behind us, and the gun
boats out in the stream, near our left.
"We had early supper and early to
bed. The night went off quite quietly
and we had a good rest. At early
dawn, say 3:30 a. m., we were roused
and stood to arms. The cavalry went
out to take a look about, and we be
gan breaking the zereba in places to
march through. Soon one of the gun
boats fired a shell into the city, and
just after the cavalry came galloping:
back and we knew the thing was about
on; and so It was. Just after 8 o'clock
we heard a mighty noise of more yell
ing, shouting and singing, and soon we
caught si"ht of them without num
ber, first to the right of Jebel Surgham
and then to the left, lapping all around
our front. Some few were on horse
back, but the great mass were on foot.
They carried a number of flags on long
poles, which they kept waving as they
advanced.
"When they were within about 1900
yards the artillery began on them, and
many a well directed shell left a batch
of them to mark where it burst. When
they had gotten within l£oo yarda we
began with our rifles and then the
Maxims, shortening the range sights as
they came. They did little firing, but
Just kept coming. They were soon
within short range and were Just
mowed down, but those that fell were
not missed, the mass was so dense. I
did not see much of what went on ex
cept just in front of me. That spec
tacle just held mv sight bound to It.
"Closer and closer, ever growing fewer
and few. they came.
"Just before us was ono specially at
tractive group. A young black man,
evidently a chief, mounted on a splen
did dark bay. rode in the front of the
main mass, waving a sword in his
hand and shouting 'Allah Akbar.'
which means God is great. On his left
an old white bearded fellow kept pace
with the horse, carrying a large white
flag, which he kept waving as he
shouted. With them, beside and be
hind, pressed the throng of white tur
bans and bla<;k faces, even yet mom
than you could reckon, but dropping by
scores at every step. Well, they
brought that flag right up to within
300 yards of our line. A hundred hand!
and more had had it. and there it went
down, but only when there was no
hand left to hold it up. All had gone
down. The field was carpeted, indeed,
with the dead.
"The like of the 'last charge' was
never seen before, not even in the Sou
dan."
The so-called portraits of Uncle Sam
are legion, but with few exceptions
they are little better than caricatures
and not in the least typical of the far
seeing, shrewd but benevolent and
genial old man of the original concep
tion. What is said to be the original
of this type of portrait was painted in
1816 by the artist Probasco, of whom
little or nothing further is known. The
picture is a fine oil painting, and is at
present in the hands of the heirs of the
late Judge Lawrence of Lowell, Mass..
who reside about fifty miles west of
Toledo. Ohio.
The portrait shows the familiar blue
coat with brass buttons, the red-and
■whlte shirt, the beaver hat with the
stars and stripes nn the band.
Western Australia has an act In force
prohibiting the landing of any one who
cannot write out a given paasaee in Eng
lish.
1920
1849 CALIFORNIA'S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
MAYOR PHELAN,
OUR CITY:
By Mayor James D. Phelan.
••HE achievements of Dewey, the acquisition by conquest and annexa
/^ tion of the Philippines and Hawaii have all given a new direction to
\J the thoughts of our citizens. This eventful year has drawn their at
tention to the great possibilities of San Francisco as a distributing cen
ter. It has turned their faces to the sea.
When any of the great countries bordering on the Pacific are stirred
to activity by the opening of mines or the upbuilding of manufactures. San
Francisco, as though she were in electrical communication with the re
motest parts, feels every pulse- beat.
This demonstrates the fact that San Francisco, by reason of her position
as the ch^ef port of the United States on the Pacific Ocean, is the natural
emporium of every land served by Balboa's sea.
The Alaska movement last summer found a responsive chord in San
Francisco, and gave to our merchants a new and unexpected trade, awak
ening healthfully our local activities.
Mills in China have drawn to this port from the Southern States vast
shipments of cotton, which speedily go forward in many ships to the
Orient.
The desire of the Japanese to imitate western methods has brought
them naturally to San Francisco for a large part of their trade, and to
day they are constructing In our shipyards vessels of war. and. side by
side, messengers of peace are being constructed for distant intercourse with
the islands of the Pacific.
The Trans-Siberian Railroad, which will find its terminus at Vladivos
tok, will result in a new line of steamers to San Francisco. The possible
dismemberment of the Chinese Empire by the Russians, the Germans, the
French and the English, or the nolicy of "the open door," will do much to
make the Pacific Ocean the theater of commercial enterprise, paralleled only
by the past experience of the Atlantic.
California, with its 700 miles of sea coast, will be the beneficiary, in a
large measure, of this great change now impending, and when we recall
the fact that the Pacific Ocean has a surface of 76,000,000 miles of water,
over which every country has a free right of way, without let or hindrance,
we cannot but foresee the ultimate realization of our destiny.
San Francisco is 4600 miles rrom Yokohama, and 6100 miles from Hong
kong—less by more than one-half the distance between those points and
the great maritime ports of Europe.
San Francisco is in the most direct course between the ports of Asia
and the Nicaragua Canal, and perhaps a vessel will save 2000 miles of sail-
Ing by touching at San Francisco rather than the Hawaiian Islands, which
are popularly, but erroneously, believed to be a more convenient calling
station between the remote East and the Far West.
The construction of the Nicaragua Canal is bound to give immediate
and marvelous impetus to every substantial interest of commercial San
Francisco and of productive California. It will save 10,000 miles of the sea
route between this port and New York.
The political activity of the Hawaiian Islands is sure to result In even
closer relations between our city and that fertile group, secure of a future
place in the sisterhood of States.
If California receives, she must also give; and from her natural re-
Bources and from her manufactures, which will be stimulated by the de
mands of the commerce of the Pacific, there can be no question as to
the ability of the State to respond to every call made upon it. But from
the point of view of commerce, the advantages possessed by San Francisco,
as a distributing center must be sedulously cultivated, and, if wisely done,
the "Pacific opportunity" will alone suffice for the greatness of its future.
The year then just ending has turned our eyes to the sea. Secure in
mines, grains and fruits, we look for new fields to conquer— we look to
commerce.
Venice in the height of her maritime success, "When her merchants
were Princes and her traffickers were the noble of the earth," annually
wedded, with gorgeous ceremony, the beautiful Adriatic. Let California
now inaugurate the ceremony for our city. Too long has the flirtation
lasted. Let us wed the Pacific in good faith and await the issue of the
union.
OUR COMMERCE :
By F. W. Dofrmann
REVIEW of the commerce and industries of San Francisco during
J I the past year and an opinion of their future prospects presents a
subject of greater magnitude than can be fully or justly treated
1 •»• within my limited time and ability. During my absence of nearly
the entire year I visited many parts of the United States and Eu
rope, and a compariaon of commercial and industrial conditions clearly
shows, notwithstanding last winter's drought, that 1898 has been the most
satisfactory year since 1892.
Considerable fear and anxiety prevail lest we have another dry winter,
with possible failure of crops, scarcity of money with farmers, resulting in
accumulation of debts instead of discharging mortgages, as well as re
trenchment In comforts and improvements. Shrinkage of business and
profits would naturally follow, as our commercial and industrial interests
depend mainly upon our coast trade and home prosperity. This uncer
tainty already affects the volume of trade in many wholesale lines, and if
continued will certainly reduce holiday retail business as well. Under such
adverse conditions buyers are cautious and a habit of closeness becomes
contagious. Let us, therefore, fervently hope that ere this may be published
bounteous rains will have restored the confidence of our people, so that our
farmers may rejoice at their prospective harvests and our dealers at their
customary holiday trade.
Regarding our immediate future, I feel assured, even with a dry season
and small crops, that we will have a fair year, so far as trade on this coast
is concerned. The great diversity of our products renders it nigh impos
sible now that all of them '-an or will fail. If what is raised only brings fair
prices there will still be enough to export or sell at home to keep our pro
ducers even, and enable every sound and well conducted enterprise to be
carried on without loss.
Ever since it became apparent that the recent war would result in the
acquisition of new territories I noticed in Europe, as well as in Eastern
cities, that marked attention was given to our coast and particularly to
San Francisco and its prospects for growth and prosperity. Evidently the
impression prevailed that opportunities for greater commercial activity
and expansion into new fields were now offered in San Francisco and that
an immense increase of business is now easily within her reach. This View
it appears is also largely shared at home, and while it may be correct to a
great extent as to the future, we should not overrate the benefits imme
diately obtainable, nor underrate the efforts necessary to eventually secure
them. Examining the situation conservatively the first result of the acqui
sition of new colonies will be an influx of representatives of Eastern manu
facturers and of other interests, who will not only seek colonial trade but
will also compete with our merchants and manufacturers for coast trade.
As our interior population is now even too small in proportion to our cities
and the field in which we already compete for trade with Eastern houses
is too restricted for the established enterprises, it seems that Pacific Coast
houses will have still closer competition, diminished profits and increased
expenses for conducting and promoting their business. Nor are the markets
in the Far East, except in some staples, ready and prepared to purchase ex
tensively what our merchants have to offer or our manufacturers produce
Therefore it behooves us all to watch carefully how things are going. Work
hard to hold our own in our own markets, and reach out intq new fields
only when adequate preparation, skill, energy, enterprise and sufficient cap
ital will enable us to gain as much there as we will surely lose if we let
Eastern competition get ahead of us at home.
While direct efforts for Far East trade must be made by individual en
terprise, or by a combination of houses or formation of companies, much
may be done to add to the opportunities which should be affordpd for such
enterprises as will naturally make our city again a foremost distributing
center.
First— While the influx of additional competition, as above outlined, will
in the beginning divide trade with existing houses, it will also tend to make
San Francisco more distinctively than heretofore a center and headquarters
of trade. We should, therefore, not only try to hold our own in local trade
against the new-comers, but welcome them, so that ultimately our city may
profit by their coming.
Second — We must secure all freight facilities afforded elsewhere for get
ting poods here cheaply. Wherever possible we must avail ourselves of
through freight rates from manufacturing points to consumers. Thus we
can sell goods here in the new markets at a fixed price, as purchasers there
are not familiar with and do not care to speculate in the cost of the trans
portation of goods.
Third — We must make every effort to induce competing ocean steamship
lines to make San Francisco their starting point by making port charges
as light as possible and the loading and discharging of ships of all kinds
easy, quick and safe. An able article fully covering this subject written by
a contributor to the Merchants' Association Review will be published in the
January number of that paper. I will not, therefore, elaborate upon this
subject here.
Fourth — By all means we must encourage factories and all industrial
enterprises at home. No community can be permanently prosperous or se
cure the highest degree of prosperity through the mere soiling of its own
products. Manufacturing is the greatest source of wealth.
Fifth — We must make San Francisco headquarters for all Oriental
through travel and must offer visitors inducements to stop and stay here
as long as possible. Bureaus of information for tourists should be main
tained for this purpose. Our hotels, so excellent otherwise, should see that
F. W. DOHRMANN,
President Merchants' Association.
President Merchants' Association-
IRVING M. SCOTT,
President Union Iron Works.
at least the principal languages are spoken by some of their employes,
is the case in all other countries where there is international travel.
Sixth— We must make our city beautiful, agreeable and attractive so th
people living in less congenial lands will prefer to live in San Francisco, as
Europe they now spend their time and money in Paris. .
Seventh — Above all we must stand together as a community fur the coi
mon good even at a temporary individual sacrifice. We must quit quarr
ing and fighting with the various interests represented here, except to a
just differences fairly and squarely. The open-door plan by which we ha
often thrown our grievances to the world in an exaggerated form is not t
best plan to settle them. Let us induce competition in public utilit
whenever possible. Take a firm stand when monopolies encroach beyo
their rights and privileges; but see to it that the officials selected by 1
people will be capable and honest, and deal fairly with corporate intere
when they are satisfied with a reasonable income upon the investme
made.
Eighth— To lead the public to take just, fair and intelligent views of
public questions; to support honorable officials faithfully discharging tb
obligations to the municipality, is th^ duty of the press as well as the c
zen. The Merchants' Association is indebted to the press for assistane
its efforts to advance the progress and prosperity of San Francisco. Arr
its members are the chief supporters of the press of this city. Therefo
feel justified in appealing to the newspapers whose mighty power mold
a great extent the destiny of this metropolis, to unite in the support of e
measure tending to ameliorate the condition of our city.
Ninth— Finally, we must have first, last and all the time united ac
for good, honest, efficient, progressive and liberal government, which r
than any other one thing will secure for us protection, justice, he»
comfort, prosperity and happiness.
OUR. SHIPBUILDING:
By Irving M. Scott,
BY THE extension of our territory to the Sandwich Islands and
Philippines, with the enforcement of the navigation laws now ir
istence, an impetus will be given to American shipping in the s
proportion that foreign 'vessels are prevented from trading bet\
American ports. The products of the Philippines and the Sand'
Islands which reach America will be carried in American ships to a gr
er extent than they ever have before, which makes a corresponding
mand for an increase in our American ships.
The near completion of the great line through Siberia to Vladivo
or to Port Arthur opi>ns a field fur American enterprises, and the new
velopments and divisions of commerce taking place In and about Cl
would require an increase in the quality, size and speed of the ships her
fore plying between these two points.
These three trade centers can be obtained by the proper enterprise
action on behalf of the Americans, and most certainly if the people of C
fornia do not promptly avail themselves of the opening it will be tilled
others.
The O. & O. S. S. Company's ships are chartered ships owned inEnglj
and if they touch at either Manila or Hawaii, in the event of same
coming American property, they will not be allowed to touch at San Fi
clsco; consequently this would require a transshipment of freight at cii
of the above named points, or else a .direct communication from some ;
ental point to San Francisco.
The Pacitle Mail Steamship Company is owned in New York and
the bulk of thp business. The best steamer on the line to China is an E
lish-built ship, and that company certainly cannot keep up with the pret
demands without increasing the number, size and speed of its steamers
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company Is owned by a company wr.
headquarters and interests are at Seattle, and whose Interests in
north are greater than they are in San Francisco. This company has
able and energetic president, who has bui't and maintained a railway
direct to Seattle, and intends to put a line of steamers on from Seattle
the Orient, which line will deflect that much trade from San Francisco,
railroad line does deflect a certain amount of traffic and travel from i
Francisco that goes north to Seattle and hence to the Orient, instead
passing through San Francisco.
The lines which possess the best facilities will win in this competiti
What are the people of California doing to maintain their trade? Cc
merce will not be developed in its full strength and activity unless the i
plements that carry it on are owned and controlled at the port throi
which the trade is to be operated.
It is to be hoped that all the people of San Francisco, without regard
politics or calling, will so imbue themselves with an advanced public sp
that the result will be that the bulk of this trade will be obtained for S
Francisco and carried on American bottoms, whose earnings will be added
and remain a portion of the wealth of our State.
Borrowed capital takes the interest money out of our country and trai
fers it to people \\l\a own the capital. There' is plenty of money idle h<
in our banks which once started in developing the commerce of the Pac:
Ocean and making San Francisco a distributing port will find steady c
ployment and a fair return. Otherwise the continuc-us depletion of the 90
merce of San Francisco, by being transferred to other points through lit
whose interests are not here, will go on.
The lines owned by Mr. Isano, running in connection with the pres*
Pacific Mail, will undoubtedly aid in bringing the cheaper freierht to t
port. It is claimed the shins can be operated more cheaply with Japan*
than with American seamen. While this will bring freight to us, the eai
ings of that company, which our merchants help pay, will go to Jap:
First-class passengers want a better class of boat and will only patron
ships of the best speed and accommodations.
I think it can be safeh' said that these conditions are as yet unfulfill
and they are open to the enterprise of the first comer. Let us sincerely ho
for the benefit of our entire coast, that sufficient enterprise can be found
use the capital now dormant, and still further increase our opportunit
for employment and profit.
OUR WHEAT:
By Horace Davis,
TO review the trade in breadstuffs at this time is difficult and unsati
factory, because in the first place all the statistics of the trade a
made up by crops in crop years, running from July to July — ea<
such year representing a completed crop — while on the other hand tl
calendar year is to us an arbitrary division, breaking into the midd
of the natural harvest year. Besides, at this particular time, even the ca
endar year is not closed, so that any summary made to-day is fragmentary
and incomplete. However, I will try to outline the main features of the
year 1898, so far as we can distinguish them now.
The weather has controlled the course of trade thia year to an unusual
degree. It is always an important factor in the business, but this year !t
has exercised an unusually potent influence. The year opened with tine
promise of bountiful harvests, but after the first of February dry, cold
weather gradually set in and the promise of January slowly faded away.
Sharp spring frosts destroyed the early fruit and damaged the grain some
what, though much of it was already ruined. Still Wfl held on to our faith
and hoped against hope, but by the first of June the conviction forced itself
upon us that we were face to face with the most disastrous year since 1864.
In the Southern half of the State the grain was utterly ruined, but aft
you went north it improved considerably and the Sacramento Valley gav#
promise of a fair crop; but after the grain was rine and ready for cutting a
fierce norther swept over the upper counties, thrashing out the standing
grain and scattering a large part of it on the ground. When all was said and
done we gathered in about one-third of our January promise. The harvest
of 1898 was not much more than enough for seed and food. Whatever we
export, whether in the form of wheat or flour, must come from either our
hold-over stock or what we imported from our neighbor States.
The year reminds me of 1864. That year we had only ten inches of rain,
not enough to nourish the growing grain, and the crop was a failure. That
harvest was probably just about enough for food and seed; but word went
out that California was starving, and cargo after cargo of wheat and flour
came up from Chile. Some barrel flour was even sent round the Horn
from New York, while Oregon shipped us all she could spare, which wasn't
much. Prices went up very high. I bought wheat that year at 5^ cents
per pound and flour touched $15 per barrel. Still we exported considerable
to Pacific ports, even to Australia, and finally when the market broke the
Chilean flour in this port was re-exported from bond to China.
Now let us return to 1898, The year opened with wheat at about SI 40
per cental, and the price ranged from $1 40 to $1 45 until about the mid
dle of March, when it began to climb to higher points. The lack of rain
created a panicky feeling, and at the same time the notorious corner in
the Chicago market had its effect on wheat in San Francisco. The price
was forced so high in Chicago that wheat was actually shii ped from the
State of Washington across the mountains to supply Eastern millers. The
corner broke in Chicago at last, and wheat, which had reached $1 85 here
fell rapidly to a Liverpool parity, and by the end of June was selling at
about $1 25.
And now see the difference in the conditions of 1864 and those of 1898
In 1864 we were able to absorb the small surplus of Oregon, but this year
the two Northern Pacific States had a crop of over a million of "tons of
wheat. They were able to supply all our wants and had left over an enor
mous surplus for export. To carry this away they drew on us for tonnacv"
and paid from 30 shillings upward, aa high as 37s 6d for European shlpl
W. C. RALSTON,
Vice-President Miners' Associat
President Union Iron WorßsFUTURE 1899
PROFESSOR E. W. HILGARD,
University of California.
ments. So ihut although the English market advanced, wheat remained
through the fall at about 51 20 tg $1 25 here, declining later to $1 1-V"l 15.
who remembered the famine prices of 1864 and counted on similar
results this year, found themselves on the wrong Bide of the market, with
wheat lower instead of higher than|ast year.
The imports of wheat and flour from the surrounding States have been
larger than ever before. Oregon. ♦ Washington and even Utah have Him. del
ua with their overflowing abundance In coast quence "f this we have been
••ii>le to export some of our stock. During the past fiye months we have
sent out of this port 714, 5^7 centals of wheat, about one-eighth of our aver
age shipments for this period— and 330.162 barrels of flour, which amount
is pretty well up to the customary export for the period.
I am indebted for all these statistics to the courtesy of Mr. Bates of the
Commercial News.
In the earlier part of the year the shipments of flour were lessened very
much by lack of transportation facilities. The Pacific Mail Bteamers were
withdrawn from their regular service in May. June and July to perform
transport duty for the United States. Our trade with Asiatic ports suffered
temporarily from this cause, and the export of flour was considerably less
than it would naturally have been.
How much grain and Hour came from our neighboring States I do not
know, for the all rail imports have been quite large this year. In 1898. for
the first time, wheat in large quantity has come through over the Siskiyou
mountains. California became an importej^of breadstuffs on a large scale.
The currents of trade were reversed to some extent and new elements en
tered into our commercial transactions. .
The cours-- of the barley market offers a curious contrast to wheat, and
reminds us of wheat in 1864.
California Is king in the barley market. She is the great producer, and
our northern neighbors cut very little Bgure In that line. Consequently
when it was settled that the drought would ruin tin- crop here, local prices
at once began to rise, untit the market value of barley here has nearly
doubled, and to-day barley is brought over the Rockies from Nebraska.
And here we must end our review, in the middle of the crop year, with
unsettled conditions in every department. Of one thing we are sure, that
1898 has been a very trying year in the grain trade.
OUR PROSPECTS:
By A, Sbarboro,
Fresider)t Manufacturers' and Producers' f^ssocictlon.
O State in the Union, and, indeed, few parts of the world, has such
a brilliant future a-s the State of California. The development of
the numerous and inexhaustible resources of this State has been
as yet barely commenced.
Our mines have enriched the world, are continuing to give forth
large quantities of their precious metals, and with the application of
cheaper power, which is continually being discovered by science and the
reasonable reduction of labor from the high rates of years ago, it will be
possible to develop mines which could not have been successfully
worked by the old systems. These mines will give employment to a larger
nuxaber of men, and when properly and economically managed, will reward
the enterprising 1 owners and pay them dividends on the capital invested.
The ship-building trade of San Francisco is destined t" become in the
n>ar future one of the largest industries of the State. The achievements of
the Oregon. Olympia and the other vessels built at the Union Iron Works
and other ship yards in this city have demonstrated to the world the fa
cilities which exist here for building as great merchant ships and war ves
sels as can be turned >>ut in any part of the globe.
The acquisition of the Philippines and the requirements of the Rus
sians on the completion of their railroad at Vladivostok, and the near civiliza
tion of China by European nations, are eventually destined to make the
Pacific Ocean as important as the great Atlantic highway, and, therefore,
at no distant day on the large water front of this city v. ill be Been numer
ous sailing craft being built by thousands of our mechanics.
This will give an impetus to other manufacturing industries of this
city, and with the application of cheaper power furnished by electricity
and possibly by the heat from the burning refuse of the city, will enable our
factories to compete with the other manufacturing institutions of the
United States.
Now, as to the product of our farms, they cannot fail to increase in
quantity and remujierativeness. Th< occasional drought will Induce en
terprising citizens and capital to store such abundant water in our moun
tain streams as will irrigate every acre of valley land, and thus the great
San J aouin will be made to produce enough wheat to supply a large popu
lation of the earth.
Co-operation among the different classes of producers will make the
production of food j rofitable. We have seen the raisin industry of this
for several years in a very depressed condition. Since proper co
operation was introduced the price of raisins has so enhanced as to make
this industry profitable.
Through co-operation a few years aero the price of wine was doubled
and the industry placed on a paying basis. This industry has, notwith
standing temporary drawbacks caused by dissension among *he wine deal
ers and the wine makers, a great future before it. California is the only
State in the Union "which can produce fine wines. We have for our market
seventy millions of our own people, several million inhabitants in the Cen
tral and South American republics, besides having already obtained a foot
hold for our wines in England. Belgium, Switzerland and Germany. Our
newly acquired territories are inhabited by wine-drinking people, and so
soon as the tariff is adjusted these countries alone will take a large part of
the wine which is now produced in this State.
OUR WINES ;
By C, W. Wetmore.
THE close of the year reveals bright prospects -or the vine industry
of California for the coming year and probably tor some time
The crop of last year was phenomenally large, being about
to come.
27,000,000 gallons of dr» nines and 7,000,000 p. .lions of BWeet wines.
a total of about 34,000,000 gallons. There was in bond a surplus from pre
vious years of between 6,000,000 and 7,000,000 gallons, making a total of
about 40.000000 gallons of wine at the beginning of the year. There
is a normal market for about 20,000,000 gallons, so thai there was a two
years' supply in the hands or: producers and dealers.
As a natural consequence prices went down to 6 and 8 cents per gal
lon. The Winemakers' Corporation, which had succeeded in keeping up
prices in the past, was powerless at the beginning of the year with this
largo crop on hand.
Now the crop of IS9S has been measured and it is found to be only
about 8,500,000 gallons of dry and 4,000,000 gallons of sweet wines. This
shortage has produced the desired effect in raising prices, and wines which
brought G cents at the beginning of the year now readily bring 12%
cents. With the crop of .IS9B there is now on hand about 25,500.000 gallons,
or a little over one year's supply. Owing to the poor growth of the vines!
consequent on the lack of moisture, a short crop is predicted for 1899 The
rainfall during the rest of the season will affect the situation, but at
best the crop will hardly be an average one.
There will be a steady rise in prices in the future. Owing to the dry
season the ravages of the phylloxera have been more evident this year
because the vines were less able to withstand the attacks. Probably' 5
000,000 acres of vines Have been thus destro id in the bay counties, and
the replanting of resistant vines is very slow.
There are . w about 15.000.000 gallons in the hands of tie producers
which is quite a large proportion. About 10,000,000 gallons are In the hands
of dealers.
This largo amount ot wine and the low prices that have ruled have at
tracted especial attention in foreign countries. Recently representatives
of large European deal rs have come here with the intention of making
extensive purchases of red wines if prices are satisfactory. These foreign
dealers have been buying in Spain in the past and the war has effected
a transfer of th-ir attention. If such large puflfchases follow, the market
■uill be further relieved. It is likely that prices will advance to 15 and
18 cents.
Our chief market, the East, steadily improves. The Imports of for
eign wines, except eha^npagne. show a steady falling off and this moans
that their place is taken by California wines. The decrease in the im
ports of German. French and Spanish dry wines is a result of the keen
competition of California wines, and also of the steady improvement in
their quality. There is still a widespread feeling in the East that for
eign wines are the proper thing, but this is lessening all the time.
In this State California wines are now greatly preferred. The manager
of one of the greatest hotels in San Francisco says that he sells ten bot
ile.s of California wine to one of foreign. The manager of one of the
largest fashionable seaside resorts in the State recently told me that he
had on hand $5000 worth of imported wines that he could not got rid of
and that he was contemplating putting California labels on thorn to sell
them. They are still putting foreign labels on California wines In the
Bast, but the practice is steadily decreasing.
Pew people realize that in 1840. with hardly more than one-third the
present population and with a less relative ability to consume wine, the
United States imported as much wine as it does now. The increase In
consumption is supplied by California, though the people of the country
probably pay $5,000,000 annually for the foreign labels on their California
« Ines.
Our wines are thus rapidly gaining favor in the East, and the foreign
demand is rapMly increasing. London buys nearly 3,000,000 gallons of
California wines yearly, whlje ten years ago it did not buy a gallon.
Shipments to Europe generally and to Central and South America, the Pa
cific Islands and the Orient are all Increasing. " """ ~
HORACE DAVIS,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 189 S.
A. SEARBORO,
President Manufacturers' and Producers* Association.
OUR FRUITS:
By Professor E. W. Hilgard.
WE are gradually finding- out that fruits that are good for the East
are not so fine for California because of climatic differences.
Therefore California seedlings and fruits are coming into use. They
have originated in this State and so are better adapted to the ell-
mate and soil.
"A good many have originated through accident, but the larger number
have been purposely originated by intercrossing. Mr. Luther Burbank of
Santa Itosa, whose name is well known in Europe in this connection, has
successfully originated a number of new fruits.
"It is thought that by the gradual selection of such varieties we will be
able to supply the East with those not represented in the native
products there.
"My colleague, Professor E. J. Wickson, has done some very valuable
work in this line. The idea is not to obtain an immense number of varie
ties, but varieties that will have a commercial value.
"The Japanese plums, which came into this country by way of San
Francisco, were developed here and have been very popular with con
sumers. By crossing the stouts several new varieties have been produced.
"New apples, peaches and pears have also been produced. Eastern fruit
growers obtain these and raise them with more or less success according
to the climatic conditions.
"As regards vegetables, the differentiation or creation of new varieties
has not been so great. But the climatic peculiarities are gradually mak
ing themselves felt. Modifications and varieties are being produced that
are best adapted to our climatic conditions.
'Kastern vegetables often thrive better on our soil, both in point of size,
flavor and taste. The seeds from these are sent East to be used there.
"Celery, green peas and asparagus, that in winter time must be raised
under glass roofs, grow in the fields in California. If the celery is now
raised under glass it is stored for winter use in cellars heated to keep out
tin- frost. California is sending carloads of these fresh vegetables to the
Bast, and find a profitable market for them. Even counting the cost of
freight, they can be sold in the East cheaper than those raised there under
glass.
"During the last few years winter exportation of fresh vegetables has
steadily increased. The future looks very promising for this branch.
"The growing of vegetable seeds has already taken on large proportions.
Esp< ially from Santa Clara County large supplies of seeds are furnished
to Eastern markets, proving the excellence of the California product.
"The experiment station has for many years past taken great pains
to obtain from foreign countries possessing analogous climates, fruits,
plants and other growths. A number of such introductions have been
annually distributed to farmers and horticulturists. They have found ready
acceptance.
"Heretofore we have found considerable difficulty in getting into effec
tive communication with foreign countries. But now, under the impulse
of the recent political developments and of a progressive Secretary, the
United States Department of Agriculture has organized a definite system.
Its purpose is to aid in the search for and introduction of useful plants from
foreign countries.
"Acting through Consular agents the department is now dispatching
special investigators for this express purpose. They will study the pos
sibilities of advantageous Introductions in the various parts o-f the United
States. It is hoped that an adequate appropriation will be provided at this
session of Congress to carry on this important work more effectively.
"California Is especially interested in a new exploration for the above
purpose. Professor Fairchild of the United States Department at Wash
ington has just passed through San Francisco on his way to Central and
South America, with Porto Rico as his ultimate destination.
"The region he will study corresponds to the Pacific Slope. The ex
penses of this investigation are borne by Mr. Lathrop, a public-spirited
citizen of California. Another expedition of similar character In which Cali
fornia is interested has been sent to the Eastern Mediterranean countries
"We have already received many valuable introductions from these coun
tries.
'•It is therefore very probable that in the near future a number of new
and useful plants will be offered for experimental tests to the agricultural
and horticultural public."
OUR GOLD MINES.
By W. C. Ralston,
CALIFORNIA'S production of gold, which now has amounted to over
thirteen hundred and twelve million dollars, justly entitles her to a
leading position in the gold-producing countries of the world.
Yet California as a gold-producer to-day is but little known — the
fact is that the average citizen of the United States believes that California
is no longer a gold-producer.
Why should this be? whose fault is it? and what the remedy? are ques
tions every loyal Californian should ask and try to answer. Our sister State.
Colorado, known but a few years ago as a silver State, to-day outshines
California in the production of gold, and why? Her press is full of mining
notes, not only in general, but in detail, of every mining region no matterhow
small or remote. Her railroads publish page after page of descriptive cir
culars telling of her rich gold fields. The result has been that capital was
attracted there, and having a mineral country all that was needed was
capital to open up paying mines.
Here in California we have a mineral country surpassed by none, the
climatic conditions which permit of mining the year round, and yet we are
not able to attract the necessary capital to open up this mineral wealth. The
condition of the mining properties which are being worked in California to
day is of the best.
Where ten years ago low-grade ores would not pay, to-day they yield
handsome dividends. No better evidence can be given than the history of
the Utica mine at Angel Camp. Calaveras County, which would not pay
with a few stamps, but has paid enormous dividends with 120 stamps, the
whole mass of ore being worked and the small rich stringers in the vein
helping to increase the yield per ton. At the Stickle 60-stamp mill, belonging
to the Utica Mining Company, for one year the average duty per stamp of
850 pounds per day was five tons, and the cost of milling exclusive of power
13 cents per ton of ore crushed. Such figures were unheard of before. The
Treadwell mine in Alaska cannot make such a showing, for they
crushed onlj two and nine-tenths tons per stamp per day during the year
endin o May 31, 1898.
It takes large capital to open up these large low-grade mines on the
mother lode and equip them. The same can be said of the drift gravel mines
which underlie the lava-capped ridges of the Sierras, long bedrock tunnels
being necessary for their exploration.
Hence California needs capital for her mines. There is no industry in
the world which pays better wages than gold mining. Wherever a paying
mine exists there you find a business town. Miners want the best of
everything and are ever ready and willing to pay for it. We have to-day
over 20,000 men at work in the mines. We could just as easily give employ
ment to 200,000 men if the necessary capital were only forthcoming to develop
our mines.
One of the great needs which has retarded development has been that
of power. Electric transmission has made it possible to overcome! this and
it w^ll be the means of opening many mines which to-day can get neither
water power nor fuel cheap enough to make steam. Lack of railroad trans
portation is also retarding the opening up of our mines. Until the Sierra
Railway of California was built from Oakdale to Jamestown, in Tuolumne
County, four miles from Sonora, the county seat, and showed by its earn
ings what profits can be made by building Into the mining regions, no one
thought of building a road for the trade, but now other railroads are
talked of to open up the mining centers. Even the Southern Pacific. Com
pany is beginning to' look for a market for Oregon pine and Castle Gate
coal in the Mother Lode region. The acquisition of the Valley road by the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad Company opens up great hopes to
the miner, for this company knows what profits can be made from mining
camps. The opportunity of landing at Stockton mining timber direct
from Oregon and Washington gives hope that Oregon pine will soon be de
livered at a rate which will permit of square set timbering with sawed
timbers at a low cost.
The association has also shown to the Land Commissioner of the In
terior Department that the land grant railroads have been trying to acquire
mineral land under the claim of its-being agricultural land. Unfortunately
fur the good of the country BUCh men as S. W. Lamoreeau now and then
get in an office of power such as Land Commissioner and then the public
at large suffers, and in this case the State of California is the largest loser
of land which should have remained open to location by the miner. His rul
ings worked more harm to the drift gravel mining interests than to any
other. The present Secretary of the Interior has been more liberal, requir
ing the proving of mineral on each lot of 160 acres Instead of upon each lot
of twenty acres, as was the former ruling.
California has a great future before it from her mining industry, and
the people will awaken some time to the fact that we have at home within
easy access a mining region second to none on earth.
ivlondike may be rich; there is no doubt of that, but what has been its
production as compared to California's? Klondike never will reach an
annual product of eighty millions of dollars, such as California enjoyed In.
1852. It is safe to say that inside of five years California will be producing
twenty miiiioji dollars in gold annually, '
C W. WETMORF.
University of California.
Vice-President Mloers 1 Association.
2122
THE PASSING OF THE PRINTING
PRESS
THE days of the printing press are numbered," sententiously
remarked my friend Everett the other evening, as we walked
past the pressroom of one of our great morning dalles, whence
the muffled roar and hum of the vast and complicated machin
ery In the basement issued with an impulse that made the air
aiia Bldewalk vibi ate.
"What iio you mean?" I asked. "Do you apprehend such an imme
diate return to barbarism that th-re will be no more newspapers left
to tell the tale, and no subscribers left to tell it to?" My friend is
- , . irioua notions, among which a morbidly pessimistic
socialism is not one of the least pronounced.
"By no means," lie returned gravely. "We shall have our papers
and our news as usual along with our morning milk, but they will
not be the product of the printing press, that is all."
"Oh, Indeed! Then perhaps you will press Borne uore poweriui
into your service than Bteatn and iron and printers inK, 1
remarked Ironically. "Possibly the cathode ray." 1 added with a tinge
uf sarcasm, "that latest embodiment of scientific omnipotence is \-;-Rue
enough and uncanny enough to have anything fathered upon itwitmn
the range of a distempered imagination. By all means tell us that you
Ing to supersede tnc printing business v.ith the cathode ray.
"And that is Just what 1 am going to do," returned Everett slowly
and impressively, at the same timr pausing in his walk and loomng
me full in the face. "You needn't laugh.- You spoke wiser than you
knew. You drew your bow at a venture and struck between the joints
of the harness. Fes, I am now engaged In perfecting a method or
printing newspapers by means of what is commonly known as tne
X or cathode i ay."
It was my turn now to look serious. I had all along known my
friend to be peculiar; had this peculiarity developed into something
more danger us? Had he, too, fallen a victim to the delusions wmen
have affected numerous ill-balanced minds through pondering over
Professor Ro tgen's weird discovery? .-,.■•
•■You needn't look at me like that," went on Everett, as if divining
my thoughts. "I'm not crasy, but mean every word I say. If you
haven't anything better to do for an hour or so come up to my place
and I'll convince you that I'm in earnest."
The sincerity of his manner impressed me, and as it was now
; weeks sine.' 1 had met him. I decided to a company him to
■while away the time if nothing else. Knowing Everett, as I did, to he
, C a scientific, though odd, turn of mind: usually experimenting in a
tory sort of way in any field that struck his fancy— chemistry,
-. mechanics or what not— and having some small private means
at his disposal, sufficient to enable him to gratify his whims in that
direction, it was within the bounds of possibility. 1 reasoned, that he
had stumbled upon something original in connection with the latest
electrical diseov< ry.
Ten minutes' ride in th<> cars brought us to my friends abode on
Russian Hill, and together we passed into the house, and then into
his sanctum at the back, a sort of nondescript combination of labora
tory and workshop, filled with a heterogeneous collection of mechan
ical t. ols and scientific apparatus, littering shelves, tables, stools
and floor. , ..
I had been in the den often enough to c perfectly used to the
BUrroundlngs, and instinctively looked round for something new. Yes,
over there by the further wall of the big apartment there vere some
■rrange'mer.ts which I did not remember having seen on my last
some six weeks before. There were, for instance, three large
bulbs, which I recognized as Crookes tubes, suspended from the
ceiling about a foot above a rectangular framework, which luoked
like a nosing table with the top removed. Within this
framework there rested on the floor a massive bow-shaped object,
about a yard in length, evidently of iron, bound round with coils of
r wire, the ends of the bow projecting upward to a height of
six inches. Wires from either end of the bow led to another part
<■{ tht< apartment.
"What >!" yu think of it?" remarked Everett, noticing my
scrutiny. "Crookes tubes above, and horse-shoe magnet below— good
combination for X-ray purposes, .lsn't It? Now come over here and
I'll show you sony more of the apparatus."
Bo saying he led the way to a table upon which stood what had
the appearance of a large copying press, such as is used in business
for copying letters. The lid of this he raised by turning the
Wheel which operates the -screw, and then, detaching the lid, asked
me to look inside. I there saw what seemed to be a semi-transparent
gelatinous film, imbedded in an oblong frame and presenting a flat
surface as smooth as glass. Th>- frame struck me as being about big
enough to a. ■commodate one of the forms used in printing an ordinary
weekly newspaper, an Impression further confirmed by the fact that
on a composing table close by there lay four of such forms, which
further inspection showed were already locked and ready for the press.
■Why, you seem to be going into the printing business in earnest,"
I said. "You have all the appliances, I see," I continued as a row
of type-sotting cases, which I had not previously noticed in the dim
light, caught my eye— "all except the press."
"Don't want any press," he returned testily. "Didn't I tell you the
days of the printing press were numbered? That is what I brought
you hen to Bhow you. Help me to get one of these forms into this lid."
The lid of the copying press, as I shall still call it for convenience,
was set upon its back on the composing table, and together we laid
the form within it face up, clamping it securely down. We then laid
the lid with the form in it. face down and crosswise, upon specially
prepared projections from the sides of the press bed, just filling the
sides of the chase, so as not to disarrange the type, And having
adjusted the mortise in the back s« as to catch the lower end of the
Bcrew, we turned the latter till it engaged securely with the lid, when
we raised the whole by the wheel, till the form rested directly above
the oblong bed of the press. The screw was then reversed and the
form slowiy lowered till it found rest. A few sharp turns more were
necessary till no amount of force would drive the screw further, and
then the'lid was* again raised from the press-bed, unscrewed from its
support and laid to one side.
Everett then reached down into the press and drew therefrom the
frame containing the film previously described and held it up to the
light so that I could examine it. The sight was a beautiful one. Each
letter was clearly cut as if stamped by a die. as in fact it had been.
"We have now got to back this film to give it stability," said
Everett, as he placed the frame upon a sheet of plate glass which lay
ready, and to which the film was speedily transferred.
While a fresh film was being inserted in the frame I had an oppor
tunity to examine it. I was surprised at its tenacity and toughness.
■\Vhil< not more than the sixty-fourth of an inch in thickness, it
seemed to possess the elasticity and resilience of metal.
"A preparation of my own," remarked my friend, in answer to a
question. "A combination of experiment and accident. Totally im
pervious to the cathode ray— more so. in fact, than many metals, and
mmh more suitable as a matrix, in consequence of being more easily
worked."
Three more film? were taken in quick succession from as many
forms, and then Everett intimated that everything was ready for
L°VE! IN THOSE DAYS ERE. WEI DID PART
TWAS WINTER DRE.AR,
■ BVT THOU W'\sT NEAR,
so svnn^R reigned- within, ny he: rt
VII AT THOUGH EACIiE A Cli TR^, L A Ot E.VSH , VfS BAR C
TtiAT BLosSonS N°W ' .
nY tIEIART.I TROW,
BE. RS THORNS WHELR TH^N EL OC T^D RP^S FAIR
TH°UGH DARK AND TEIHPfIST LAD N SKI^S
WORE ANGRY HV£
TH f - 3V,^\A\^R v BLV'e:
FOR TV: SH°NL ;E.VCR IN TtllN EY^-5
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
Robert Duncan Milne.
Sketched From Life.
printing. This was what I was particularly curious about, so I watched
the proceedings narrowly.
Returning to the upright rectangular frame first described, with
the Crookes tubes above and the horse-shoe magnet below, Everett
proceeded first to place a planed deal board within the frame, just
above the ends of the magnet, resting it on knobs projecting from the
legs. Upon this platform I assisted him to pile ream after ream of
extra quality printing paper, such as is used by our best weeklies,
until the top of the frame work had been reached. There were in the
pile, I should judge, somewhere in the nighborhood of 5000 sheets. The
sheets of plate glass holding the type-punctured films were next placed
symmetrically upon the top uf the framework, just ab^ve the pile of
paper. This done, Everett stepped aside and touched the keys of the
Crookes tubes suspended above, which instant. y became filled with a
soft lambent light, at the same time taking out his watch and noting:
the time. When four minutes had elapsed he declared the operation
completed.
Together we lifted off the plate glass forms, and what was my
astonishment to see that the top sheet was beautifully printed — as
typographically perfect, indeed, in outline and finish as could have
been done on the best equipped press extant. But, surprised as I was
at first, I was utterly dumfounded when Everett proceeded to remove
(Copyrighted, 1898.)
E had often called ourselves hard up, Johnnie and I, and we had
I # joked each other and with our more Intimate friends about living
1 II f on the edge of a razor, and had, more than once, forecast our fate
1 I I in the uneangenial lines of a workhouse, wondering gayly enough,
it must be owned, how long we should be able to go on before
that extremely unpleasant haven was an accomplished fact. But
we had never really known the actual pangs of real and bitter
poverty until that dreary November day, just three years ago,
when Johnnie announced to me, with a very long face, that his
uncle had given him the key of the street, so far as the office was
concerned, and that we had now nothing between us and starvation but a
month's money, our wits and our valuables. Poor old Johnnie; he added
that last clause in a spirit of bitterest sarcasm, for valuables we had none,
if you take exception to our few wedding presents, which had seemed very
smart at the time and had made a very good show at our wedding break
fast, but which, on close examination, proved to be mostly plated. His
Uncle John aftfr whom he had been named, and who had, by common
consent of the family, been expected to provide for him from that time
forward, had, it is true, given us a present which was above reproach in
the matter of value, for he had presented us with a check for a hundred
pounds to be used for furnishing our first modest home, and he had also
given me a keeper ring, set with three good-sized diamonds, which I had
put on my hand while our wedding breakfast was in progress and had
dutifully worn every day right down to the time of his finally quarreling
with Johnnie and turning him straight away out of his office.
When Johnnie told me the news I must confess that I Just sat and
stared blankly at him with my mouth open and my eyes, I am sure, looking
very full of the dismay which I felt.
"Turned you out, Johnnie:" I exclaimed. why, what on earth shall
we do? And— and— " ■
"Yes, I know," he said, savagely. And that s what makes me so sore
and hurt about it all. It isn't as if I had upset him or gone against him
in any way, but simply because you are — well, as yon ai*. He had the im
pudence to tell me, too, that he had always thought there were too many
people in the world, and that he did not mean to be any party to over
stocking this particular locality."
"1 don't understand," I said, and it was true.
"Well, he says that he forgave us for being so improvident as to have
one baby on three hundred a year, and that, as we have chosen to go in
for having another, I had better go and look for a berth with some one
who can afford to give me a bigger salary than he can. 'I have made a
lawyer of you.' he added, 'so now you can turn your position to better ac
count than you can with me.' "
"And what did you say, Johnnie?" I asked.
"Say!" my poor Johnnie echoed. "Why. I said everything that I ought
not to have said, and I left unsaid everything that I ought to have said.
I have done for myself with the old man forever, and as long as he lives
he will never speak to me or look at me again."
"Well, it is done and it cannot be undone now," I managed to say, "and
the only thing we have to do is to decide which course we had better take."
"Is "there a choice?" inquired Johnnie, with a faint shade of satire in
his tones.
"We'll keep Uncle John's ring and pawn i f . for our Christmas dinner,"
I said.
I pulled it off my finger where it had been ever since my wedding day
and looked at It.
"But never your other ring." he said fiercely.
He meant my engagement ring, poor darling, and I smiled as I re
placed the two rings on my wedding-ring linger.
"No, we will hang on to that a bit longer yet, Johnnie, dear," I said.
"But, if ever I had any sentimentality about Uncle John's wedding pres
ent to me, I have seen it melt away during these past few weeks. We
will let that go. dear boy. it has no value for me."
Even thin he gave a tacit consent with extremest reluctance, and very
much as if th»' money the ring would eventually fetch would assuredly
burn his fingers. I laughed outright, and, let me tell you, I did not find
many things to amuse me in those days.
"We will have a good Christmas dinner out of Uncle John, at all
events," I said, with a brave show of keeping up my spirits. "I suppose
CHRISTMAS HAMPER
an armful of papers from the pile, and I saw that the one then at
top was as accurately perfect as the first.
"Aren't you going to help me?" he remarked somewhat quizzically,
as he reached for a second bundle. -'This is only the first side, remem
ber, and I want to print the whole edition off this evening."
Thus admonished I assisted him to remove the rest of the papers
from the frame, noting with increased astonishment that ths very
lowest in the pile was as typographically excellent m every respect,
and the ink of as intense a black, as the first.
"And why not?" queried Everett, as I commented particularly on
this point, as the last impression lay now on the top of the pile- "Why
not? Haven't you always understood tha'c no obstruction, save abso
lute or partial non-conductors, can impede the passage of the cathode
ray? Is not that the very principle wherein the X ray differs from
the ordinary light ray, or so far as is known, any other ray? It is
for the very reason, and only for that reason, namely, that it is not
a light ray, but an electric ray with a peculiar chemical action, that
the results you have just witnessed can be produced. Suppose, for
instance, you had put your hand between the lowest and the second
lowest paper in that heap. Would not the bones of your hand, and the
flesh to some extent, have been clearly defined above the printing of
the sheet, the intervening sheets above, being as powerless to impede
the passage of the ray as a deal board would be.'"
I could not help admitting the cogency of my friend's logic.
"But," I objected, "granting all that, you have not yet accounted
for the action of the ray upon the first, let alone the^last sheets,
which the ray encountered on its penetrating passage."
"Ah!" returned Everett, smiling, "that is my secret. Of course the
paper is prepared, and though I will not tell you outright what
ingredients I use, I will give you some hints as to the process. But
personal observation is much better than explanation, so if you will
give me a hand again with some more paper you can see for yourself."
So saying Everett stepped over to another pile of paper lying on
the floor and picked up an armful, I following suit. He led the way
across the apartment to what looked like a large wardrobe, or safe,
motioning me to open the door. As I did so I was nearly knocked
down by the sickening vapor which issued from the opening.
"Don't be frightened," he said in reassuring tones, at the same
time pushing his bundle of papers edgewise into one of a series of up
right compartments, which stretched, pigeon-hole like, across the
interior of the safe, and whkli were open beneath, save for a slat or
two on which the edges of the bundle rested, some free space being
left at the bottom of the safe. "The gas is rather overpowering at
first, but not dangerous. Shove your bundle into the space next mine.'
In a few minutes we had the compartments full. Everett then
poured some colorless liquid from a demijohn into a large shallow
earthenware vessel which stood by, and which he then introduced into
the empty space at the bottom of the safe, and closed the door.
"That," said he, "is the preparing chest. The paper wo have just
put inside is now undergoing impregnation with the gas from the
liquid in the vessel at the bottom. In two hours it will be fit for use.
This gas renders paper as sensitive to the cathode ray as the salts of
silver do to the photographic ray. Now help me to go to press with
the second side."
It took but a minute or two to pile the sheets that had already
been printed above the platform just above the great horse-shoe
magnet. The sheets were piled carefully printed side down, so that
this time the blank sides were exposed to the action of the ray. Two
fresh plate glass forms were laid on top of the pile and the light of
the Crookes' tubes turned on. When four minutes had elapsed by
Everett's watch, as before, the operation was pronounced complete,
and an inspection proved with the same result. The whole edition
lay there ready f r binding.
"Considerable saving of time and trouble, isn't it?" remarked
Everett, sententiously. "And there's no reason why an edition of a
hundred thousand shouldn't be printed as eas-.v as five, with tubes
and magnets of adequate power. My present apparatus is, of course,
crude, but any improvement on it would not affect the principle — it
would be merely a matter of detail. For insiince, in practice and on
a large scale, it would be much more convenient to box the paper up,
ream by ream, in a specially prepared case, sensitize it in this shape
and then expose it horizontally to the action rf the ray. Thus editions
of from five to ten thousand apiece could be turned out with very little
trouble and in -;hort order."
"There is another thing about the process " T remarked, "that I
do not understand. How is it that the dark, or electric, ray affects only
the side <>f the sheet of paper nearest to it, without affecting the other
side? Under all known laws of chemistry paner which is sensitized,
as this Is, clean through, ought to be affected clean through also by
a ray which penetrates it in a compact mass from end to end."
"I have studied ovp: that anomaly," returned Everett, medita
tively, "but have come to no reasonable conclusion regarding it. I
am inclined to think that the reason why only the surface upon which
the ray directly impinges is chemically affected is because, infini
tesimal as the distance separating the two surfaces of a sheet of
paper is, still it does constitute such a tangible separation from an
electrical point of view as to cause a distinct change of polarity.
The cathode ray, for instance, proceeds from the negative pole, in
contradistinction to its complement, the anode ray, which is positive
in character. Now, on the supposition that the paper surface pre
sented to the ray is positive in character, while the obverse surface is
negative— induced, it may be, by the action of the magnet at the
opposite end — it is quite conceivable that only the electrically receptive
surface would be decomposed— in other words, the tissue of the paper
would only be affected to a certain depth upon the exposed surface, not
more SO, as a matter of fact — and as we can ourselves see from the
specimen before vs — than would be done by ordinary printers' ink.
That, however, is a problem I should like to refer to Edison or Tesla."
he won't ask us this year."
"We shall not go if he does." declared Johnnie, promptly.
"Well, do you go and see what the tea-spoons will fetch, I remarked.
"And what are you going to do, sweetheart?" he demanded.
"1 am going out for a little while," I replied. "Don't bother about me,
Johnnie, I shall be all right."
He went off then, though evidently rather reluctant to leave me.
Perhaps he thought that I meant to take baby and put an end to her and
myself also by slipping over the bridge, as I had jokingly suggested to
him when Uncle John had first turned him off. Dear old Johnnie, he need
have been under no such apprehension, for that was the last of all
thoughts in my mind. Perhaps I had never been much of a helpmate to
him but a coward I never was and hope I never shall be to the end of
the chapter. I dressed myself in my best— for we had not yet got to that
stage of poverty when we had begun to look like beggars— and giving
baby over into the care of our young maid, I sallied forth and took my
way straight to Uncle John's office. The little boy clerk who sat in the
outer office was quite alone. He looked rather surprised to see me, and
said that he was not sure whether Mr. Bryant was engaged or not, would
I wait a minute while he went to see? I replied that of course I would
do so and I sat down on the nearest chair, for I was feeling as if my
heart was certainly coming up into my mouth from the excitement and
nervousness that pervaded my whole being. Then the boy came back
and said that Mr. Bryant was disengaged, and would I walk "this way?"
I did walk that way, and the next moment found myself in Uncle John's
dread nresencc.
"Oh— good morning," he said, rising stiffly and standing, looking very
forbidding, by the table.
"Good morning," I returned. "I— l daresay you are very much sur
prised to see me, Uncle John?"
"N't it at all— not at all," he made haste to reply. "What can I do
I am sure that he forgot for the moment to whom he was speaking,
and that he simply used the ordinary formula with which he persuaded
all his lady clients to open up the business which had taken them to
him. "I came to speak to you about Johnnie," I said boldly, plunging
headlong into my subject.
"About Johnnie. Yes? I hope he is well."
I felt at that moment as if I would dearly have liked to box Uncle
John's ears. "No, Uncle John, he is not well," I said in a very severe
tone. "How can he be well, poor boy, when you have treated him as you
have done — when you have ruined him and broken his heart?"
"Hoity-toity!" he exclaimed — "and when did I commit all these
"When you turned him so unjustly out of your office," I replied. 1
felt that it was no use for me to have gone there and not say all that
was in my mind. "And they were crimes, Uncle John."
"The world is wide," he remarked.
"Yes, perhaps it is. But you must know quite well that the world is
not wide in a small place like Lettle Plumpton, and that, by attting as you
have done, you have as surely branded Johnnie as if you Had accused
him of theft."
"Do you mean to say that he cannot get anything to do?" He asked
the question with an air of surprise which 4nade my very blood rise to
boiling point.
"Uncle John," I said, making a desperate effort to keep myself calm
and collected, "if a young man. the nephew, say, of Mr. Johnstone, were
to come to you asking for a berth, what would you say? Why, you would
naturally ask him why he had left his uncle. And as he could hardly
give the true reason, that, having sanctioned his marriage, he had turned
him out because his wife was going to have a babgr, you would very
naturally think that there was something wrong about him, and that
such a preposterous excuse could not be the true reason of the parting."
"I should at least ask the uncle if he had anything against his
nephew," said Uncle John.
"Oh, would you? Well, none of the lawyers in Lettle Plumpton happen
to feel like that. They each and all jump to the conclusion that there
must be something against Johnnie, and they will have none of him."
"And you have come to me — " he began, in a questioning tone.
"To ask you to reinstate him — to take him back— to take away this
stain which your action has cast upon him and to let the world of Lettle
Flumpton believe that there was some quarrel between you."
Foi a few moments Uncle John sat quite still and quiet, and seemed to
be thinking deeply. "I think not," he said at last.
"You refuse?" I asked.
"Yes; I don't feel like having my nephew here again. I am sorry to
say no to a lady "
"Oh, spare me that," I cried in disgust and rising from my chair as I
spoke. "I came as a last hope, thinking, praying that as I had been,
though unwittingly, the means of parting you, you wouia let me be tho
means of bringing you together again. I will go; but first let me tell you
that Johnnie knows nothing of my coming here to-day. I have deceived
him for the first time in my life; I have done something on my own re
sponsibility, and I am very sorry for it. It shall be the last "time. As
it is, I will bid you good-by, and in doing so let me say one thing: It
will come home to you— mark my words!— one of these days, when you are
in need of Johnnie, you will want him, and you will have to do without
him. For I shall move every nerve to keep him from you now."
He rose too. "Don't you think that you had better wait till I do ask
for him?" he put in.
I turned and went out of the room without another word. I had been
on the point of asking him to keep my secret, to beg that he would never
never let my poor Johnnie know that I had so far humbled myself as to
ask a favor of his uncle; but in the face of his cruel, jeering manner I
forgot all that and went out of his presence feeling that all was not as
it seemed, and that he had got rid of Johnnie for some special private
reasons of his own.
What a time It was that followed on my visit to Uncle John's office
My poor Johnnje, feeling that there was not the very smallest chance of
, t »t+io Plumpton, went off to London to see
his finding: any opening in yum do there. He , was not particular
whether he could not find something to ™ £ dy : to take anything, even
what: he should do, poor dear, ana "* a , past solicitor and . ought ■
the poorest clerk's place, although i.c .7 me ; He -had but a. few shillings
to have been his uncle's partner ■ by that l - n w shillings behind. ''I hate to
to take with him. and he ; left us nut r a lew n he morning that he lett
leave you like this, dearest. '.he said to me
me. i, . : -; ..r> n i v - hat are you to do else? lam
"Yes, so do I," : I rejoined. .Onb « that I can do is to sell
quite sure, dear Johnnie, that the yerjoes ou get settled in some
off the furniture and come to join >ou u» lodgings and even if I were to
thing. You see, dear, I can do very .we" > n & a lot of money to remove
hang on to all my pretty things -it. would ca Qf them ..
them, and so-well; they will be best if we se^ jiin&and lt wag a smile
"A very coherent statement, "?.!?* .. R Rut" ut anyway. I will leave you
covering a breaking heart, my poor boy. A *? please God, I never set my
free to do the best you can for us both. Ana, pi«
foot in Lettle Plumpton again. , t0 be any better in the way
My poor boy! He did not find . -London P wrote at first in the best of
of luck than Lettle Plumpton had been « c ™ a lawyer « office. Then
spirits; he was sure, or nearly sure of a £<-'"' f ever so many others
that fell through, and this ; was only a sampi c n uslv nea r, and I de
which came after. Meantime. ■ Chnstmas^drew .pewiu^
termined to get away from Lettle £ I ?™?*™ s"* as apart: and I could
London. After all. we might as well be l "Hr and she was then
no longer afford to keep my good little.mam a la r. lftg a
only staying on without wages until she heard or aju told , me that she
days before Christmas, she came in one^afternoon a,n .'But. dear missis,"
was going to a situation on the following ihursaaj. andleaV iii s you
she said with suspiciously dewy eyes. I don * Uk T.thi n k mgo back and
and dear baby all alone— and master away, to.o. 1 mm* x
tell the lady that I've changed my mind. „. ,„ d .".j cannot let you do
"No, no, Mary, my dear, good girl, I exciaimea ndO a I intended to
that! Besides. I'm going- to join your master in London. .1
tell you this. very day." • ..,„ fib wag a very harm
. It was not auite true, but I knew that th. little fib was a bl / secon
less one. However, I went out. and I told the^man who Kept tne th fo w- o n
hand shop at the corner of the Grey's, road that he eH"c H " m me , and he
ing morning and value the furniture . as it stood. He oiu com .
cheated me shamefully in the price he ,<>«^ ™%-L 0 °/ cc oblls^d ■ to* ac
in a position to stand out for my price, so I '. Perrorw u oo s value _
Uncle John's ring to provide our Christmas d inner. But it had al melted
' 18P - I 'i'c»-rSh th >'o n ,? a'roVr^'SfriKSS. my.darling." Johnnie said, as we
sat at breakfast on Christmas Day. 'I feel as If I . have utone you to death.
mv noor little love, but not wittingly— not wittinglj. -~» : 't rr, n ri«
"^rather dp here with you, poverty-stricken as we are I made
nic what was that? Did you hear anything?" : ■■ ;:., .
. \ J!A W t '.ffi IS-tu7S.1 S- t u7S. "imean anyone at ,h.
I believe things are going to mend with us. -Eh. what.
I peered out on to the dimly- lighted anding hamper Now
n^ilo^^3JipS|||gg|^:i'l!^|^™
this. 'To the pretty lady in the top room of No. 13. I pper Yroner Tar-
Well, you are a pretty lady, and this is the top room of N o 13 Ufiper la.^
bet street Perhaps it is meant for you. Can it be the old man. after .111 .
De ™ o e ?, l -j ;; ce e j,, if ,<V promptly, though in spite of my anger against him, I
wished with all my heart it might be. laced through and through the
wicker-work of the hamper and the lid and dlsdosefl . » PfWff »* «^
This he lifted to find a hollow place underneath, and there at the bottom
of the hamper was a fine baby fast asleep, both pr.-^ed forward to
look, and we each uttered a cry of astonishment and dismay. . n _ babl e3
"Good heavens!" Johnnie cried, "we are by way of having babies
enough of our own without being showered by them in this. fashion. no
must shunt the creature as soon as we can. v^ov, ♦« ,rv "Poor
. 5At that moment the child awoke and very naturally began to cry. Poor
little soul," I exclaimed, "we can't be brutal to it. Let us see whether
there any explanation." ■■ • * fi . „,„„! * n find that <,
■ I lifted the little creature from its nest . of soft .wool to ■ find that a
note was carefully pinned to its little white frock "Will you, for the love
of heaven, take charge of my baby for one week?' the lett er read. I
am driven by circumstances to leave her for a few days and have not a
friend in all London to whom' l can turn in my present need I enclose
notes for ten pounds, and in the little sealed box at the bottom of the
hamper is evidence sufficient to show my baby's parentage, supposing that
anything should happen to me during the week. Please do not open it till
the week is over. I shall fetch my baby myself.
There was no name, not a word not a clue to the sender*, btie must
be mad." cried Johnnie. "And how came she to fasten on you of all peo
ple? I won't have you mixed up in it. I'm hanged if I will.
"She is paying well for the liberty she has taken.': I remarked. I
was still holding the little creature in my arms. and, as I spoke, my eye
caught yet another line of writing at the back of the letter which my hus
band held in his hand. "There's something else there," I said
Surely enough, we found a large bottle of Wedgeham B Food, and also
an elaborate feeding-bottle carefully packed away in the hay, which made
a soft cushion under the wool on which the babe had lain.
"I would like to keen her for the week, Johnnie." I said. I felt as if
it would give me something to think about if I undertook this work and
justified the trust reposed in me by this stranger.
So Johnnie said no mare about his objection, and I took the stranger
babe to my heart and shared with it the care that I bestowed upon my
own.
"Johnnie," I said." "you won't think me silly or fanciful " '-.•■..:.■«;
"I feel as if this little babe has been sent from Heaven to tide us over
a bad time.' Let us have something, extra for our. dinner, to-night; it's our
Christmas dinner, you know.'.', ; . .. . .'. " . ' ' " ' ''.
He. did /what. I wished. He went out carrying one of my five-pound
notes with him, and he bought a ready-cooked chicken, some slices of
tongue, and a small bottle of champagne. I dare say it was extravagant
and foolish of us, but I never enjoyed a feast better in my life.
It was a dear babe. I got, during that week, to love it almost as well
as my own. And on the day appointed there came a soft little tap at the
door.-and then a pretty young girl came shyly in, her eyes full of tears,
her face all blushes, and her whole manner full of apology.
"I don't know what. you will think of me," she said. "I feel so bold,
so actually brazen, to have cast my poor baby, on you a stranger. Do
forgive me. I was afraid to leave her with the people across the way, and
I had to go down to my husbandL^ people— they don't know that we
are married or that we have bab> ;, and Jack was there with his father
who was ill, and he wrote that I w#jj to go down at once and pay an ordi
nary visit as if my uncle had ask//A me "
"So you have an ■ uncle, too," sC«s/kclaimed, in my surprise.- •
"Oh, I have," she cried. "But he Is dead now, poor, old man, and I
need not' keep things back any more. I'm so happy, though I wondered
all the time if you would take her in or turn her out, or what? I've been
almost frantic with anxiety, and yet I was sure that my instinct would
never lead me wrong. That was why I was afraid to leave "her among
those people opposite. , Say that you will forgive me." • ■
I laughed. "Well, little mother, there is nothing to • forgive. I don't
know that I would have done the same with my little girl, tout certainly
your instinct was right; and I; have not ill-used your dear little babe
See, how wide awake she is now." •-;-; . ;
We became friends from that day, that little mother and I. And then
she brought her husband to see me and to thank me for what I had done;
and then they wormed our story out of us, and, in the end, he offered
Johnnie a place In his office, for he, too, was a lawyer. And, after a little
while, but a very few months, just as we were beginning to forget that
we had ever suffered as wo had done, Uncle John died, and, like lots of
lawyers, died without a will; and Johnnie came in as next-of-kin for all
his property, and we had no more need to worry as to**vays and means,
for Uncle John had been worth a good deal more than anyone had sus
pected. After that, Johnnie went into partnership with my" little friend's
husband, and I have often since had cause to bless the "day when she
took it into her head, in her emergency, to trust blind fate and her own,
instinct and to send me such a curious Christmas hamper.
[THE END.]
».»»»»«»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»««»»
SWEET-HEART, FOR PITY.S .SAKE RETVRN!
NO LONGER .STAY
THEN AS IT T^AV
LET WINTER RAGE °R S\nnEß : BVRN
WILL- tiILLT~ s department is for the tenef't of ail those who a-e interested in the sc'ence of cosmetics a r d the hygiene of prooer living.
-c desires information en either of these subjects the qusstions will be cheer'ully answered in these columns. Write as often as
you like, ask as many questions as you pieaie and sign any name that you chcose. Address al! communications to Mme. Hygea, The
Sunday Call, San Francisco.
A PRETTY dressing table is oneof
womankind's pet hobbies. I
have yet to rind one of the fem
inine sex who has not an over
powering- desire to possess this
one particular piece of furni
ture. Even the longing for petticoats that
rustle cad really, truly Paris bonnets
fades into Insignificance before a woman's
overwhelming ambition for a lovely dress-
Ing table. Frilled about with lacey
flounces and caught back with delicately
tinted ribbons, it Is. of all the accessories
of a woman's toilet, the daintiest and
most effeminate.
Can one's fancy paint a more alluring
picture than a pretty woman seated bt
fore this thing of lace and ribbons, as
she puts the last touch of powder on her
dainty little nose, or raises her arms to
catch back an unruly tress?
The unholy belief is strong within me
that a well equipped dressing table is a
greater joy to most women's souls than
e*en the household cherub, which young
and enthusiastic mothers are wont to de
clare outclasses all other possessions as
a comforter and happiness maker. Of one
thing I am certain— dressing tables are
not given to spells of colic in the wee sma'
hours, nor do they raise teeth crops that
during their growth Incite whole neighbor
hoods to thoughts of murder and suicide.
The furbishings and aecouterments of
the dressing table are the most important
part of it. The lacey frills and shining
mirror count for much, but the especial
treasures are the pretty cut glass, silver
topped jars and bottles and boxes filled
with beautifying things with which to
wage warfare against old Father Time
and ungenerous Mother Nature. With all
her forces thus at hand a woman will not
have nor need she mane any excuse for
neglect.
First of all. there must be the manicure
set This should consist of a pair of
sharp curving scissors, a file, a bos of pol
ishing powder, some cold cream and a
chamois polisher. Then there must be
a hair brush, with good, firm bristles, and
a comb with coarse teeth. Besides these
things there must be some good cold
cream, a cleansing lotion like the milk of
roses; some home-made powder, some al
mond meal, a bottle of perfumery, an
atomizer filled with toilet water, some
little boxes of sachet powder and the
many other little things too numerous to
mention.
All these things can be made at home
In on' 1 own kitchen, and any woman
who has once experienced the delights
of fluffing up her own complexion stuffs
will never turn the fascinating labor over
t.i any one else.
If you have not already a good cold
rrcam. here Is a recipe for one that will
bring a beauty to almost any skin from
which hope has not entirely fled.
CREMi VIOLETTE.
White wax. one-hall ounce.
rmaceti, one-half ounce.
Oii of sweet almonds, two nnu one-naif
ounces.
Rosewater. thref-fourtlis ounce.
Ks.-^nce of violet. 5 drops.
Melt the first three ingredients in a
elain kettle. When melted remove
from the heal . ■ the
. iter, to whi.'h the essence of vio
let h.-is been ad< quickly with an
egg-beater until the mixture is cold and
firm.
To mnk>- a face powder that is per
fet tly harmless take:
Talcum powder, five oun- -
Ri< •■ Hour, ftve ounces.
Zinc oxide, two ami one-half ounces.
Mix well and perfume with thi
s of bergamot. ylang ylang
n^-ro': rse any other perfume can
I"- substituted.
■ amateur p»-rfum** maker is not al
ways - --.I. hut if you (.are to ex
ent, try this:
Essen< • of violets, 10 oum -
Kssf-noe of acacia. 2 ounces.
I ros made. 2
Extract of iris root, i ova
Oil of bitter almonds, % ounce.
This is a Frer md is the most
tful perfume Imaginable,
should be tightly corked, allnwrd to
star.'! at '. '< before using and
must !■■ -■only.
A li.'litrhtful sachet powder is made
thus:
(•rris root, ground, fi 1 -. ounces.
Sandal wood, ground, l^i ounces.
drops.
Oil of geranium, 3 'irops.
i >n <>f neroli, 6 drops.
Oil of l^mon. 6 drops.
oil of bergamot. 4 drops.
Oil of verbena. 12 dr
Musk. 6 grains.
Tincture of ambergris. !5! 5 dram.
And now for the g^m of ttv> collection,
which I have kept until the last. It is a
recipe for almond m^al. Tt is a little elab
orate, but is a most delightful mixture
and far superior to any sort of soap.
ALMOND WEAL
Sweet almonds, blanched and powdered,
1 ounce. ; '■'.' '■ '■'"
Bitter almonds, blanched and powdered,
Vi ounce. » _.
Orris* root, fineiv powdered, 31-?3 1 -? ounces.
Talcum, powdered, -'•• ounces.
White castile soap, powdered, ! i ounce.
Borax, finely powdered. 50 grains.
Oil of bitter almonds, 5 drops.
Oil of neroli. 5 drops.
Tincture of musk. 5 drops.
In buying the powdered almonds be sure
and get those from which the oil has not
been" compressed. Keep the meal in a
glass jar. and use with warm water in
place of soap. -;'  ,
And now I want to wish you all the
merriest kind of a Christmas. At the
same time let me whisper one little word
of warning. In your efforts to "cele
brate" don't fill your little "tummies
with all sorts of indigestible pastries
and sweets, else I will be snowed under,
Monday morning, with a perfect ava
lanche'of letters containing requests to
"Please, dear Mme. Hygela. for the love
of heaven, give something to drive away
an unsightly and most unaccountable
crop of red blotches that sprang up like
toadstools in the night."
So be warned in time, or I will surely
retaliate with "I told you so."
Answers to Correspondents.
D. R — Moist, clammy hands are very
frequently the accompaniment of a highly
nervous temperament. Defective circula
tion also is often the cause of this con
dition. Take plenty of exercise and be
pure that your sleeping room is well ven
tilated. Plunge the hands in hot water
and dry thoroughly. Then if you will
apply a powder made of equal parts of
orris root and lyropodium perhaps life
will once more become jolly and roseate
to you.
O. L. B.— Am very glad that you decided
to write me, for. I am sure that I can help
you. The treatment of pimples requires
more than mere outward applications.
Help must come from within. Do you
take a (Tilly tepid sponge bath and a
warm, soapy tub bath once a week? Do
'you walk at least a couple of miles a day,
rain or shine? Is the room that you
sleep in well ventilated, and do you deny
your stomach all sweets and pastries,
pickles and highly spiced dishes and other
indigestible foods? All this must be done
if one would have a smooth fair skin,
with the roses of health in the cheeks.
Bat plenty of fruit, such as apples, or
anges, peaches and peats, and if these do
not make the digestive organs sufficiently
active,- go to your druggist, who, I pre
sume, is reliable, and have this harmless
prescription rilled: Extract of dandelion,
1 dram; powdered rhubarb, q. s. Divide
into 31*8 grain pills and take one every
night, or oftener if necessary. Do not
take either of the medicines mentioned in
your letter. Use only pure castile soap
on your face, and use It every night with
tepid water, rinsing well in clear water
and drying on a soft towel. Then smear
a good cold cream over the face, such as
is given in to-day's Beauty Talk. If the
eruptions are severe touch the spots with
tincture of myrrh or listerine. diluted in
three times as much boiled water. In the
naornln? remove any of the ereasa that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER IS, 1898.
remains on the face with a damp cloth
and dust with a pure powder. Good corn
starch makf-s a desirable powder, especi
ally when combined with a small quan
tity of oxide of zinc— the best and purest
to be had. The electric needle is a sure
cure for superfluous hair unless it fails
to reach the root of the hair. Where this
is thf case th.- hair will sprout again, and
the needle will have to again bt appHed.
If you will send me a stamped add-resso.i
. nvelope I will answer your last ques
tion, as 1 cannot give addresses in these
columns.
DOI.LIE B.— l really think that your
Is one for a physician, and I would
advise you to see one at once. Do not
delay. You will forgive me for not pre
scribing for you. won't you? for I really
The bong Christmas Cloak
BEAUTY
AT
THE
TOILET...
think you need the advice of a medical
practitioner. There is surely some or
ganic trouble.
A READER- Cucumber juice is easily
obtainable by grating a ripe cucumber
and then straining the juice. The rose
water can be bought at any drug store,
and if you cannot buy spirits < f soap,
make home. It's very easy. Put two and
a half ounces of white castiie soap cut In
shavings into a pint bottle, add nine
ounces of alcohol and three ounces of
water. Cork the bottle and immerse it
in hot water, frequently shaking. When
the soap is dissolved allow the bottle ani
iis contents to become cool, then add
enough water to till the bottle. Let stand
fur twelve- hours, then filter. In the dry
condition that your skin is in. a cold
cream would be bt-tter for general use.
Try the one given- in to-day's Beautjr
Talk. Use it every night. Massaging th*
scalp with olive oil will help the dry con
dition.
MAE LUCEL.LE— Never use vaseline
on the face unless you wish a tine crop
of whiskers. I think you can use the
cream with perfect safety. Perhaps the
powder that you use Is too heavy for
your skm. Try that suggested in foregoing
reply to <). L. U.
MURIEL. G. — As you are so very care
ful in using the iron on the hair I do not
think it is that that causes it to grow
thin at the sides. It is difficult to say
just why it becomes thin in one place
more than another. Try a firm, invig
orating massage of the scalp at the sides
with the tips of the fingers. This will
bring the blood to the surface, stimulate
the growth and put new life into the
i air bulbs. If the hair is very dry, then
use a little pure olive oil which has been
previously heated. The curling fluid which
1 have recommended from time to time
will not injure the hair and will certainly
keep it in better curl. Write to me again
if the condition of your hair does not im
prove under the treatment suggested.
CLARA— I shall be only too pleased if
my advice la of benefit to you without
any sort of return. Keep on using the
skin food, and be sure in trying to erase
wrinkles always to rub across the lines,
Hold the kin firm with the fingers of one
hand while you massage. with the other,
using a tary motion. I wish you could
go to a — masseuse for one treatment,
see how she does it and then do it ex
actly the same way yourself. That is
really the -best way to learn, as it is dif
ficult to explain the movements in writ
ing. Use the following astringent lotion
for the large pores: Take. a half pint bot
tle and place In it three tablespoonfuls of
fresh, uncooked cucumber juice. Half fill
the bottle with elder flower water and
then add two tablespoanfuls of eau de
cologne. Shake well and add very slowly
half an ounce of simple tincture of ben
zoin, shaking th.> mixture now and then.
Fill the bottle with elder flower water. Be
sure that there are no settlings in the
benzoin, else it will be apt to curdle the
lotion. This can be used in the morning
fore powdering the face. * ■
MEMORY M.-The red spots' under the
«k,in will disappear in time, yru might
BY
MME.
HYGEIA.
hasten their departure by frequent appli
cations of diluted witch hazel and a
nightly massage with any of the cold
cream's that T have given formulas for.
MISS LESTER— Get some peroxide of
hydrogen, add a few drops of ammonia
and dabble on the superfluous hair. It
The Christmas Girl
and
Her Christmas Cloak
A Creation ir\ Velvet and Tulle.
Special to Th? Sunday Call.
T7 T? E\V YORK. Dec. 16.— T is win-
N^.l ter now. and the winter girl, in
all the beauty of her furs, is
| here. Sh«> is the Christmas girl,
, i ii glorious in her holiday furs and
her beautiful enveloping cloak.
The Christmas girl of IS9S baa an ex
tra beauty, for she wears such expensive
things, though sue wears them with a
grace.
The Christmas girl is now dressed in
her Christmas cloak, which is made of
very heavy stuff which reaches to the
ground all the way around. It is perhaps
a brocaded cloth with the brocades stand-
Ing out in silk upon it. It baa a lined
skirt, but the waist ia ti#ht* fitting and
closely to the figure — too closely to
suggest a mere Using. It is boned and
fitted to the waist, then fitter to the hips.
If you ask a woman her ideal Christmas
present, provided she has no winter cloak,
she will undoubtedly say "something to
wear." Her mind is already rix<'d upon
the handsome garments which you see in
the shops. They are bo wonderfully beau
tiful this season. Truly, sever were bro
cades and sflks and furs sy tastefully
combined Into fashionable garments One
of u.ese. a few days ago, was bein^c sam
pled by a young woman, who will receive
it undoubtedly later for a Christmas gift.
It was made of very heavy cloth bro
cade, with figures of a curious sort in it
that suggested chenille. The cloak was of
a deep green, with the figures of a lighter
shade. The waist was trimmed with
beautiful epaulets of ermine fur. They
were ruffled epaulets. Otherwise it was
perfectly plain. Indeed, its simplicity
would have been painful on any but an
ideal figure. The girl who was looking at
it, however, was as slender as a sylph,
and one can imagine how stylish she
■would be with the cloak tightly buttoned
to her figure.
With this cloak was worn a very cun
ning little "set" consisting of three
pieces. There was a boa of silver fox
with long, trailing ends; then there was
a green velvet muff with fox: heads and
tails upon the front. The sides of the
muff were lined with pink. Her hat waa
a lovely little toque, with fox tails
twisted around It. and a fox head with
tails curled around at the side. The hat
was finished with numerous Paradise
will make it almost colorless and will
after a time deaden it. Don't cut your
hair off yet awhile. Try this tonic first:
it is particularly good for hair that is dry
and stiff: Four ounces eau de cologne:
one-half ounce tincture cantharides and
one-fourth dram each of oil of lavender
and oil of rosemary. Apply to the roots
once or twice a day with a small sponge.
Whatever you do, do not wear a switch.
That keeps* the head hot* and in an un
healthy state that will not give the locks
half a chance to see what they can ao
in the growing line. Try the tonic for
six weeks and if it does not heip you
write to me again.
DOROTHY D.— The milk will not make
the hair grow on the face, but I cannot
see the efficiency of adding the salt to it.
Bathing the face in warm milk will fat
ten it, but I would omit the salt. Lse a
small pinch of borax instead. The salts
of tartar and lemon juice should not be
allowed to dry on the hair. It should
be applied and then rinsed out until the
hair is soft and fluffy. It is to be used
only on light hair. The recipe that you
sent me for lettuce cream is all right,
only I should use the tender, inside leaves
of the lettuce instead of the outside ones.
And do not use more than two ounces of
the liquid, else your cream will be too
soft. Also make it in a porcelain kettle
tin is injurious to the oils. A little per
fume added to it will improve it.
DORA A.— The recipe that you sent me
can be used with perfect safety, although
if your skin is inclined to be dry, the
alcohol in the lotion will tend to make it
more so. In that case you might omit
the alcohol and use only one-half the
quantity of the boracic acid. For treat
ment of pimples please read advice given
to O. L. B. Am so pleased that the sage
tea has been a benefit to you. and that
you have found the cucumber milk such
a fine skin whitener. It will keep some
time if stored in a cool place. You can
preserve the cucumber juice so that it
will last a long time by dissolving a tiny
pinch of salicylic acid in alcohol and
adding to a half-pint bottle of the juice.
Your cucumber milk ia all right as lon
as it does not ferment. Get red vaseline
tor the eyebrows. The best way to ac
quire rosy cheeks and lips is to get some
of the roses of health. If you must use
rouge, thf following is as harmless as
any: Carmine. l z dram: oil of almonds.
1 dram; French chalk, 2 ounces. Color
for The iips is usually cold cream w.th
more wax in it than is usually used, to
which is added sufficient carmine to make
It deep enough in color.
HMB. HYUEIA.
tail feathers, which were its only trim
ming- It was a soft-crowned little hat
worn w.>ll back from the hair, which was
a pompadour.
It is rasy to imagine that the young
woman who wears a long tight fitting
cloak will not wear much underneath.
It is whispered that the young women
who look so sylphlike in these long gar
ments are dressed in a style which the
dress reformers would highly favor.
Were it nof for the corsets their under
wear would be ideal. It is whispered
that tights are worn, but we shall dis
countenance this.
Next to the skin they wear the tight
est of all wool combination suits, reach
ing from chin to ankle; over these comes
the corset; next there is a knitted long
sleeved corset cover of a delicate color,
which might ■ l>e mistaken for a jersey
waist. It is pulled down snugly over the
hips. A very elaborate silk petticoat is
now put on at a length that nearly
touches tit*- Bidewalk. Over this the
long coat is buttoned. It fastens se
curely down the front from the neck to
the hem, being secured first with large
buttons and buttonholes set upon flaps,
then with large invisible hooks and eyes.
It takes a long time to get into one of
these lovely long brocaded cloaks, but It
is well worth the trouble, for they are
certainly marvels of prettiness.
Tin- fur muff has not gone out by any
means, but the velvet one has come in;
though if you were to actually canvass
you. would probably find three fur muffs
to one of velvet. The trouble with the
velvet muffs is that they are first expen
sive and then difficult to make. It takes
a muff-maker %f i experience to make a
muff. The ends must be so carefully stif
fened as to set out over the sleeves and
the muff must be nicely shaped.
Then there comes the question of the
fur heads and tails with which it is
trimmed, so that wnen the muff is com
pleted it is more expensive than the fur
one bought outright.
The cost of the long Christmas cloak is
really very great. You cannot get a
Christmas cloak for less than $50 ana you
may consider yourself lucky at taat.
There are really so many yards of mate
rial In the cloak, and the finish requires
such care, that it would not nay to get up
a big, handsome garment of this kind for
less money.
The Christmas woman spends all her
time in the streets, for the stores are
so alluring that she cannot stay in the
house. Theoretically she receives her
Christmas gifts on Christmas morning;
but actually they are handed out to he*,
one by one. by a kind-hearted Santa Claus
and you see her appear to-day in a new
cloak and to-morrow in a new cape, for
she knows that Santa Claus has more ia
store for her.
Many of the new cloaks have silk ruf
fles, but where a fur trimming is used
the silk ruffle is left on. Sometimes the
two are combined, ruffles and fur, but the
two are seldom pretty.
The favorite way of trimming the lone
cloak is with the ever popular band of
fur down the front. This gives elegance
and grace. There is something about the
up and down trimming which can never
be too highly appreciated, especially for
short people. Tfu- round and round ruf
fles, though universally worn, are not as
becoming to short figures as the straight
up and down styles.
To suit the^e figures many of the new
cloaks are trimmed from the belt to the
feet with bands sometimes of fur and
again at braid. The bands are of different
lengths. Some reach to the waist and
some to the knees. This gives a vertical
trimming which is very pretty.
In furs the Christmas favorites have
shown themselves to be the light furs.
Like a goddess a womt.n looks in the
beautiful snow white furs that are on the
market. Some of them have a bluish
tinge and some of them verge on yellow
and gray. There are silver fox. ermine
and chinchilla for the most popular, and;
among the most expensive come the polar
fox and polar bear, and the snow white
ermine with its "eyes" of queer, stiff
black.
The Christmas hair dressing will be very
elaborate, for Christmas parties are on
the tapis, and a woman must fix herself
up becomingly. Young women who want
to look very picturesque are crowding the
hair into a net and curling It on each
side. Others are puffing it elaborately
around the face and across the back so
as to make the head look large.
The Gainsborough beauties all had large
heads. The faces were small, and round,
the face was coiled a coiffure in beautiful
studied confusion. It was very pompa
dour, and there was another pompadour
back of the first; then came the puffs and
the curls. The same style prevails now
to a great extent and tne hair is as elab
orately dressed as you can imagine.
Many of the beautiful long cloaks have
brilliant linings, and when this cloak of
cloaks flies open 1t displays the lining.
L nderneath is a little plain silk gown,
bilk is admirably chosen to wear under
the cloak because it does not pull or drag.
To inquiring papas it may be said that
should they desire a handsome Christmas
gift for the daughter of the family they
could not do better than select one of
these long, handsome designs, for on
Christmas day it will be more than thank
fully received. HELEN WARD
J. G. ELAINE'S BURIAL PLACE.
A great many visitors have been at Oak
Hill lately who did not come because they
had relatives or friends buried there, but
because the cemetery has the monument
to John Howard Payne, the author of
"Home. Sweet Home." The Blame fam
ily lot is also a spot to which moat of the
pilgrims wend their way. Additional In
terest is just now attracted to the grave
of James G. Blame, because part of the
ground is not sodded and awaits the erec
tion of the headstone which his widow
has ordered. A fine old oak tree was in
the middle of this lot when Mr. Blame
selected it for his last resting place, and
he said "at the time it would form hia
monument. Much of the ground near the
lot had new earth put over it a few veara
ago to keep up the grade, and it ia
thought that this killed the tree, since
another close by has also died, and new
stands a lonely sentinel, covered with ivy
nearly to the top.
The California Hotel.
Among the leading caravansaries of
e>an Francisco is the California Hotel,
on Bush street. Its merits have drawn
to it as a permanent abiding place
many of the leading families of the
city. Among its features which com
mend it to the public is that of safety
against fire, it being the only absolute
ly fire-proof hotel in the city.
The California is especially popular
with the traveling public and among
its guests are numbered the most dis
tinguished people who visit the city.
The Hon. W. Clayton Pickersgill, the
British Consul, makes the hotel his
home. Many other notables of the
State and Federal service reside within
Its walls.
The hotel is the scene of the annual
reunions of many of San Francisco' 3
leading social societies and institutions
of learning. Its banquet rooms are
superbly appointed. It is surrounded by
newly and smoothly paved streets and
its guests are not aroused or disturbed,
by passing vehicles or clanging street
car bells. The billiard room and bar
are magnificently equipped and are
second to none In the country — Ameri
can and European plan. R. H. War
field & Co., lessees.
The Russian Minist* l- of War Is ex-«
perimenting with aluminum for horsa
shoes. The cavalry horses in the army
are being shod with aluminum — one
shoe to each animal, the remaining
three being shod with ordinary iron
shoes. So far as the experiment has
gone it is found that aluminum shoes
wear longer and are less affected by
mud and moisture. They weigh two an<9
a half ounces less than ir«n shoes.
2324
SOCIETY
THIS is the season of the holly
berry. Violets no longer reign or
roses cast their sweet perfumes at
society's pay festivities. Even
King Chrysanthemum, with all his
royal white and yellow followers, that
flaunted their sharpy heads at so many
social functions, have be*-n obliged to give
place to the little crimson berry emblem
atic of the Christmas season. There has
been scarcely an entertainment of the ,
week but these vivid scarlet disks have
furnished the floral decorations.
The city is filled with out-of-town
guests, who have come io do their holiday
shopping, and the shops are overflowing
with fashionable femininity who divides
her time bit ween wandering about in
li of holiday gifts and attending
h QCheons, dinners and receptions. Not
withstanding the fact that Christmas day
is almost here and society must give
b "f its time to this all-Important
shopping, the past week has not been
devoid of social interest.
On Monday Mr. and Mrs. Fletcher F.
Ryer gave a large dinner party at the
University Club in honor of Mrs. Wilcox
ol New York.
Tuesday Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Miilllris
dinner party to the young ladies
■ '1 In receiving at the tea given
by them the previous Saturday. The
• - v.. r. : Miss Margaret Salis
bury. Miss Tht-res» Morgan. Miss Clara
Hamilton, Miss Ellita Redding and Miss
Gertrud* Van Wyck. Those invited to
meet them were: Mr. ai.<i Mrs. Louis F.
Monteugle, William Heath, William Ham-,
ilton. Frank King Vladimir Artslmovitch,
George Lewis and Edward M. Greenway.
Ing Mrs. I'elham Ames
r_ .i very delightful "at home."'
Wednesday the reception at th» Town
and Country Club engrossed the attention
of society, which turned out In large
o admire the very excellent col
n of antique bra.-s.s exhibited by the
ciub.
A very charming dinner party was
on Thursday evening by the Misses
■ and Lilli-- Bpreckels, at the resi
. : parents, Mr. ajid Mrs. John
j, -: ; 2504 Howard street. The
table was beautifully decorated with a
profusion of roses and violets. Those at
the table wr--: Mr. and Mrs. John D.
Sprockets, Misses Grace and LilHe
kels, Mis? Therese Morgan. Miss
Carrie Taytor. Miss OUve Holbrook, Miss
[Babel Pr-stoi,. Miss Gertrude F>rman,
Benjamin Holladay, Edward EL Sheldon, I
Augustus Taylor, Harry M. Holbri.ok,
Frederick A. Greenwood, Mr. Costigan
and Mr. Bobbins.
. in tii.' same day Miss Genevleve Hunts
man also gave a dinner party at her
home. 824 Butter stieet. complimentary to
Miss Maud Mulling.
Friday was enlivened by the tea which
Mrs. Mark L. Oerstle ami Mrs. William
M. Gentle gave at the residence of the
tormer, 2330 Washington street; the recep
tion at the studio of Mr. and Mrs. Solly
"Walter and the meeting of the Friday
j- ortnightly. ,
Saturday was marked by two large and
brilliant teas; that given by Miss Jessie
Filimore in honor of Miss Wells of Chi
cago, and that which Mrs. William H.
..ills and her daughter. Miss Ardella
: ills, gave at their residence, WOO Jack
; ii street. Mrs. and Miss Mills were as
sted in receiving by Mrs. N. P. Chip-
an of Red Bluff, Mrs. James K. Wilson.
Mrs. James Denman. Mrs. Henry Gibbons
jr., Mrs. Merriam. Mrs. Charles K. Kllln
wood, Mrs. Uoulfl F. Monteagle. Miss Bes
sie Fox of Washington, D. C, Miss Char
lotte Ellinwood,,MißS Bertie Bruce, Miss
Bernie Drown. Miss Bertha Houston
Miss Meda Houghton. Miss Merriam, Miss
Mac Moody. Miss Marie Currier. Miss
Cadwaiader, Miss Ida Gibbons and Miss
Marie Wilson. , ...
The week closed with the dance of the
Saturday Fortnightly, which took place
last evening at Golden Gate Hall. The
affair was under the direct auspices of
Mrs W. J. Dutton, Mrs. John F. Merrill
and" Miss ai>> Miller. The german was
led by Horton F. Phipps and M:»s rlor
ence Kentfield
• •
For the approaching seven days the sec
mid meeting or the Friday Night Club,
which will be held at Native bens' Hall
on the evening of December 23, Is the
most important Item on society's calen
dar it j^ to Iji a fancy dress cotillon,
and is the occasion of much pleasurable
anticipation on the part of beaux and
l . i eg attke,
There is; "!sn scheduled for the coming
week a dinner party to be giv.-:i by Mr.
and Mrs. Jerome A. Fillmure and Miss
Killmore on Monday, and a luncheon
which &3ss Ida Belle Palmer will give
next Wednesday at the Oakland Golf
(lull house as a compliment to Miss 121
more.
Two more names have been added to the
list of ihis season's debutantes. They are
the BCisaefl Lillie and Uruce Spreckels.
Cultured
Piano
Performers
prefer the SOHMER pianos to
all others owing to their exquisite tone
and delicacy of touch. They are guar-
anteed in the full sense and meaning of
the word. Sold in San Francisco exclu-
sively by
BYRON MAUZY,
308-312 POST STREET.
Their formal introduction will take place
at a large ball which their parents. Mr.
and Mrs. John D. Spreckels, will give at
Native Sons' Hall January 9. A few
weeks later a ball will be given at the
home of their grandparents, Mr. and Mrs.
Claus Spreckels. As this will be the first
large gathering in San Francisco's most
palatial mansion it is looked forward to
with much interest.
• » •
Four engagements of note havejust ap
peared upqn the social record. That of
Miss Marguerite Jolliffe to Dr. Herbert
C. Moffltt was the first surprise. Then
tidings reached here from Europe of the
engagement of Miss Mabel Lewis to
Bruce Bonney. Miss Lewis is the daugh
ter of the late A. J. Lpwjs. who was one
of the partners of the firm of George C.
Shrove & Co., and she is now traveling
in Europe with her mother.
Announcement Is ;;!so made of the en
gagement (if Miss Ethel Rodgors and Al
bert J. Dibblee. Miss Rodgors is a
cousin of Mrs. Walter S. Hobart and
Miss Juliette Williams The wedding will
takt place noxt April at the home of Miss
Rodgers in Columbus, Ohio.
Th»> last of the quartet <>f rnjra^rnents
is thtit of Miss Ethel I'atton to Freder-
Ick (Jeorge Bottum.
* * •
Miss Claire Thomas and J. William
Borchers were united in marriage Sunday.
December 11. at 145 North Fifth street.
San Jose, by the Rev. V. G. A. Tresslar.
Miss Thomas is the daughter of Mrs.
E. M. Thomas of Ban Francisco, and Mr.
Borchers is one of San Jose's prominent
young business men. The couple left on
the evening train for an extended north
ern trip. On their return they will reside
in San Jose.
Mrs. \Y. O. Irwin gave a rlellghtful
luncheon Thursday, December 8, at ncr
residence on Van Ness avenue. The dec
crntlcna were autumn leaves and violets.
At the table were: Mrs. William C. Whit
tier. Mrs. Hyde Smith. Mrs. James P.
Whitney. Mrs. Kauffman. Mrs. Louis F.
Monteagle, Mrs. Frank Sullivan. .Mrs.
Howard Colt. Mrs. John de Ruyter, Mrs.
Russ Wilson. Mrs. Robert Oxnard anfl
Mrs. Kxuttschnitt.
Harbour Lathrop pave a dinner party in
the red room at the Bohemian Club re
cently at which he entertained Mr. and
Mrs. Walter McGavin, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Gerberdtng, Mrs. !'.. Chandler Howard,
Mrs. Solly Walter and Miss Henshelwood.
* * •
The first meeting of the Wednesday
Night Club of Oakland took place on
Wednesday evening. December 14. in
Reed's Hail. The patroness"* were: Mrs.
c 0 <i Miller, Mrs. Will law Adam Ma
gee Mrs. Bdson Adams. Mrs. Orestes
Pierce Mrs. Sewaid McNear, Mrs. George
\\" McNear Jr.. Mrs. Philip E. Bowles,
Mrs. J. H. T. Watkinson. Mrs. William
Henshaw, Mrs. J. B. Mhoon. Mrs. Miirk
Reo.ua. Mrs. Harry N. Knowles and Mrs.
Oscar Fitzalon Long.
• • *
Mrs. Helen C. Huso say a tea recently
ai iur home, 234.', Charming way. Berkf
ley in honor of Mrs. 1.. H. element and
Miss Ethel Clement, who recently return
ed from Paris and Miss Henry of Dcs
Moines la. The hostess was assisted in
receiving by Mrs. E. C. Head. Mrs. Mar
tin Kellogg. Mrs. M. R. Lansing. Mrs.
James S. Bunnell. Mrs. Sidney Smoot,
Mrs Hugh McMlchael. Miss Hejd. Miss
Davenport. Miss Hathaway. Miss Bunnell
and the Misses Smoot.
Dr Harry L. Tf vis leaves next month
vith his niece, Miss Florence Brecldn
ridge, for a six months' visit to Mr. and
Mrs. Fred Sharon.
Mr and Mrs. Fiank Carolan have taken
apartments at the Palace for the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. John C. Kirkpatrick have
returned, after a month's absence in the
East
Mr and Mrs. Thomas Watson will leave
here shortly for the south of England,
when they expect to remain.
Mr and Mrs. J. Downey Harvey left
for the Bast on Thursday last to spend
the Christmas holidays with their daugh
ter who is at school In New York.
Mr« W H. Patton. Miss Ethel Patton
and Mrs Frank Wildes returned <>n Sun
day last from the East, where they have
been visiting the past three months.
Miss Ethel linger will leave here the
i first, of January for St. Louis, where she
; will spend the winter with -her aunt. Mrs.
! Johnson.
Major Guy L. Edle arrived from the
East during the week. He will fill the
, office of post surgeon at the Presidio.
Louis Bleadon and Miss Sarah Attell,
whose engagement has been announced,
will receive Sunday. January 1. at Miss
i Attell's residence. 255 Third street.
Mr, and Mrs. A. Wiener announce the
engagement of their da.jgnter, Miss Alice.
to I. Colin.
Mrs. A. Kronberg announces • the en
gagement of her daughter Nonie to
Charles L. Heller of Napa.
The engagement is announced of Miss
; Clara Barman and Robert Cohn.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
; Lillie Jacobson and Morris Rubenstein.
They will receive Sunday. December 25,
at 1314 Mi.~Hw.ii street, from 2 to 5 p. m.
Caroline MMrner-Hamilton is here from
London on a visit to her mother, Mrs. S.
Millzner. at 91? Slitter street.
Miss Rose Cuneo has returned home
from a trip to San Mateo County, where
I she was the guest of the Misses de Bene
detti.
• » •
The wedding of Miss Nellie Messerle
and Captain Oscar Anderson was solemn
ized at the home of the bride's parents
in Santa Rosa. Only the near relatives
were invited to the ceremony. The Rev.
James Cope, rector of the "Church of the
incarnation," v.-as the officiating clergy
man. Mr. and Mrs. Anderson left on the
afternoon train for their home in Eureka.
The wedding of Man us McNealy and
Miss Nellie Kevins took place last Thurs
day evening at the home of the bride's
parents.
The Rev. \V. I. Kip officiated. Miss
Lottie Nevlns acted as bridesmaid and
John Stark was best man. Mr. and Mrs.
McNealy left after the ceremony for an
extended trip through the southern part
of the State.
The Michigan Club pave a reception to
its outgoing and incoming officers on
Tuesday evening at the residence of Dr.
and Mrs. George E. Bushnell, 1423 Van
News avenue. The hostess was assisted
In receiving by Mrs. J. E. Cummings,
Mrs. E. Brooks', Mrs. K. L. Byrne, Miss
F. Willis and Miss L. Sawyer. Those
present wore: Professor and Mrs. W. F.
Ayers. Professor and Mrs. Elisha Brooks,
Mrs. K. L. Byrne, Judge and Mrs. M.
Cooney, Mrs. M. E. Dugan. Dr. and Mrs.
J. E. Cummings. N. B. Engle, Mr. and
Mrs. C. P. Griswold. Mrs. S. H. Hart well,
Mrs. V. P. Harrison, J. P. Sharpstein, A.
H. Flynn. George E. Lawrence, S. J.
Platt, H. W. Rouse. N. B. Scrlbner. Mis*
L. Sawyer, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. WHleox.
Miss Edna M. Wlllcox. Miss Mabel A.
Wtllcox. Milton E. Willl.s, Miss Frances
Willis and S. R. Wiley. •
« • *
At a regular meeting of the County
Leitrim Social Club the following officers
were elected for the ensuing year: Presi
dent, P. M. McGushin; vice-president. R.
P. O'Rielly: recording secretary, M. J.
Moran; financial secretary. John H. Do
lan; treasurer. P. J. Meehan; sergeant
at-arms. P. Smith: trustees, P. C. Mor
ton, D. Sweedle. P. F. Donohoe, Peter Mc-
Keon, P. F. Dugan.
Delegates to the Celtic Union: B. Kiv
ell, William Gilheany, P. M. McGushin.
P. C. Morton and Peter McKeon.
* • •
A very pleasant reception was given on
Friday evening, December 9, by Miss
Ethelwynne Wllkins de Wlnton at her
home. 1141 Dolores street. Among those
present were: Mr. sincl Mrs. William Wil
kins de Wlnton. Miss Kffie de Winton.
Miss Sadie Smith. Miss Gertrude E. Bel
.toQ, Miss JEdi;h Dewey, Miss Janey Key
THE SAN 1 RAJS CISCO CALL, SLMNDAY, DJSCJEMBiSK 18, 1898.
ston, Miss Elsie Davison, Miss Lillian
: Moran, Miss May Foster. Miss Emma
; Hicks, Miss Elsie Dlllmann. Miss Agnes
Blair, Duncan Milne, Alan Moran. James
I). Keyston. Samuel Albert Key ston, John
Morrison. Harrie C. Morris. John B. Blair,
Albert Texkelson, David Wilklns and two
of his comrad. s from the British training
stiii, now in the harbor,
Harry Nichols was the recipient of a
pleasant surprise party at his residence,
T''4 Castro street, December 9. Those pr>'S
»;it were: Miss F. Rousseau. Miss M.
O'Neill. Miss G. Gibson. Miss L. Rous
! seau. Miss P. Davis. Miss E. Davis, Miss
X. Fenlon, Miss P. T{ ar to, B. Gibson. Miss
M. Richardson. Miss M. Nichols. Miss E.
Hammond, Miss M. Mackey, Miss S.
i Lawnston. Miss L. Purington, Miss A.
\ Thompson, Miss E. Nichols. J. Hedemann,
iG. Esloru, C. Purington. N. Nichols 11.
; Rowe. George w. Haley, C. R. Stern,
Charles J. Rousseau. Charles Grotefend,
Joseph Freltas. F. C. Bordenave, W. E.
Lambert, H. William Nichols and George
Fisher.
Passengers sailing on the steamship
Australia for Honolulu, December 14,
wore: C. E. Durkee and wife. W. E. El
liott. F. W. Everett. Harold Gray and
wife, M. Green. Miss H. Green. A.' Hans,
R. Halstead, Mrs. C. E Hudson. Mrs. A.
S Humphries, Thomas Keating and wife,
' J. H. McGowan and wife. J. E. Miller,
Mrs. J. M. Moore and infant. E. D. Olm
: stead and wife. Miss L. M. Rankin. H. M.
■■ Rogers. Mrs. R. C. Spaulding. Mrs. W. R.
■ Spaulding, Miss A. C. Stanley. Mrs. Henry
: Stockbrldge. F. Thompson. John Usborne
1 and wife. Miss Afonpr. Mrs. \V. A. Akers
; Mrs. M. Black, Miss Mary G. Beekwith,
Miss J. Brown. F. Chandler, Norman
Clarke and wife, J. B. Cutter and wife. N.
B. Dunton.
• » «
Friday evening a reception was ten
dered at the First Free Baptist Church,
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD.
DEAREST MARGUERITE: Christ
mas comes but once a year, but
the bills pour in forever and a
day. However. I don't think papa
ought to complain. It's certainly
easier to pay for present? than to select
them.
The men think that their lot is partic
ularly hard just now. But it's a bed of
roses compared to ours. I have three
tiny wrinkles the result of days of toll
md nights of thinking. All In the vain
endeavor to find suitable gifts for the
masculine element in the family. Aim
r.ieds but little here below, nor nevds
that little long, so what can we give him'
1 have consulted with other girls, but
tin tr answeis have been immaterial, ir
relevant and incompetent.
Ifg so easy to find things for the feirls.
Pretty and useless odds and i nda
abound. It used to be pretty and useful.
But that was before the flood.
Which reminds me that mamma, says
that in those antideluvtan days just
before Christmas all went merry .is
a marriage bell. That was in the days
when the aristocracy reared ;ts I'ii'ty
head in South Park, now given over to
the rag-tag end of civilization.
The old southern set had a stringent
boundary line then. It was before north,
east and west jumped over the line and
acclimated themselves to the southern at
mosphere. There were balls, dinners and
receptions galore. The Gwlns, thf Tevises,
the Eyres, the Flagging nnd all the rest
of the set. had an evening once a week.
During the holidays 'twas gayer than at
any other time.
But these are bread and 1)111! er days.
An afternoon tea Is the height of extrav
agance which the modern can scale. The
only dances are the cotillons, where the
expense falls share and share alike. Off
and on somebody gives a dinner; princi
pally off. though.
The week before Christmas the social
wheels stop almost entirely. And they
don't get in smooth running order for
another week. Yet the squeak of disuse
is only evident to the trained ear. There
is the "fancy dress," of course, on the
23d. and one or two other affairs. But
that's not oil enough to keep the wheels
from clogging.
The "belle of the ball" occupies its
WHAT TO GIVE? M
That Is the Question. felt
From a bewildering l'ne of ap- ,-Vi/Ji I \\ !
propriate Christmas Gifts we 353 )^
cull these jJood items: Tl^S.-
Toys-Board * Games Fuch as Steeple ' Droned r)oil _l2-lnch. . Jointed Body.
Chase, Baseball. Yacht Race, etc Bisque- Head 2octo 15
lOc - 20c. 45c. ' Ac to $150 n.inch, Jointed Body, Bisque Head.
Cr0quet— Tab1e.... ......:. .......25c to 135 Moving Eyes. . . 60
F100r.. ..Jl to $1 50. Lawn.... 75c to 600 16 and If, inch. Jointed Body, Bisque
Nest and Building Blocks 10c to 225 : Head and larger sizes.... $150 to 10 00
TenPlns(wood)... ....... .....15c to 100 Kid Body DollB _ I!iP(lue Head '■ and' •
Mechanical Toys — Locomotives. Per- ; Hands, Shoes and Stockings, 12-in.,
forming Dogs. etc..;.................... ! 20c; 13-ln., 17-in.. 50c; IS-ln.,
75c, , $100, $125 up to 10 00 | Be ' 20-1 S5
Iron Toys— Freight or Passenger j Jointed Dolls — Bisque Head. Full
Trains. Fire Engines. Fire Patrol, > Jointed. .l 4-18., 25c; 17-in., 50c; 19-ln.,
etc 15c, 25c, 50c. $1 00 up to 4 00 ' Sac; 22-ln., 45.. ............ ....25-ln. ISo
Printing Presses....:.. 90c. $173 2 50 1 Wagons— lron, 9x18.. ..:... ...05c. 10x20 120
Larger arid more complete.. $12 00 to 2* 00 : -Larger 5ize5. ....... $1 45. $1 70, $1 05 2 20
Tool Chests.. ..2sc, 60c. 75c. $1 00 up to 10 00 i " a " d y Wagons. X 50; Cyclone Wa-. _
Doll BuKgles— Steel wheels, axles and n»ir rinrtv w«^;"'"* ' - -
b4 Jjuven.l, Picture Books, finely I iJ Z
lithographed 60 to 2o Tricycles-IS-inch wheel..: .......' 350 "
Juvenile Picture Books, linen and I 20-Inch wheel, $4 50. 22-Inch wheel.. 550
linen mounted 10c to 50 1 Velocipedes — From $1 20 t0...v.;........ 345
Board Cover Story 800k5. .....25c to . 150: Drums (wood).. i 25c, 50c 75c.".".. \ 10ft
' Cloth Bound Story Books, 12mo | Drums (metal) ..25c to 350
.126 to 22 i Soldier Suits Me, 50c. 75c, , $100 to 350
Cloth Bound Story Book*. Cam- ■ Christmas Tree Ornaments— ln as-
bridge Series, : or handy classics... 18 1 sorted packages $] 00, $2 00,' J3 00 and' 500
Wll I f* PINCK CO 818-820 MARKET ST.
VV . I V*"-» " . V.. 1 .. V- wv., country orders FILLED promptly. •
By Courtesy of the Dodge Stationery Company, From "The California Art Calendar, 1899. *•
Bush street, near Larkin. in honor of Rev. !
Henry Ford of Hillsdale. Mich. Mr. Kord
is field secretary of the Free Baptists for
the United States, and lias been spending j
a few weeks on this coast in the interests
of the Free Baptist churches.
Mrs. M. Davis announces the engage
ment of her daughter. Miss Flora Davis,
to George Pinto.
A very pleasant "at home" was given
by Miss Mildred Rentschler last Friday
evening in honor of her eighteenth birth
day.
• * *
Captain W. A. Boole and wife will make
a tour of the world, starting about the Ist
of March.
James G. Coffin, a prominent resident of
Ross Valley, has gone East to visit hia
wife and family, who left here last June.
Mrs. Paris Kilburn has gone East to
spend the winter with her daughter, Mrs.
H. J. Leighton, in Syracuse, N. Y.
» • •
Mr. and Mrs. Ebert announce the en
gagement of their youngest daughter,
Miss* Kmilie ESbert, to George Praetoriuß.
The wedding will take place in the near
future.
Mrs. Adulph Meyer of .V>2 ! i l.arkin street
has gojie to Kejswlck, Shasta County, to
attend the wedding of Miss Thyra John
son.
One of the prettiest weddings of the sea
son took place at Stockton last Wednes
day. The principals of the interesting
ceremony were Mr. C. H. Starkey and
Miss Edna Griffith Murphy. The bride is
lan accomplished young lady who former
|ly resided in Woodland. Mr. Starkey is
| a worthy young man who has been con
| nected with the Holt Manufacturing Com
' pany of Stockton for the past sixteen
jyi ars. A wedding journey, embracing
visits to Monterey, Oakland, San Jose and
this city, added to the measure of bliss.
timo-honored place in the vocabulary of
the society editor. But Peg. we know that
if BUch a creature ever did exist, she has j
Bought tlelds fresh and pastures new. j
We're all belles now. We share the hon- i
ors aa well as the expensp.
Let me think: It comes hard, but I'm i
getting used to it. Well, on Tuesday :
night \ye went to the Mullins dinner party
given for Maud Mullins. one of the new |
debutantes. They are comparatively new
people hen — from Chicago, 1 believe. But ;
they had excellent letters, Mr. Mullins
Joined the clubs and we received Maud !
with open arms at school. She has been I
abroad for nine months. ;md has not yet I
'. l the foreifn polish rubbed off.
Every one predicts that Maud will be j
an immense success. She's rather pretty
but not ravishingly beautiful. Her charm ;
lies in the fact that she can talk. It's a I
quality the rest of our sex can likewise j
plead guilty to. But she can talk with I
discretion and nicety— down to the youths
and up to the men.
Thursday night Mr. and Mrs. John D
Spre< kela gave a dinner party. I did not
go but Gertie Forman and Ollie Hoibrook
said that it was a very charming affair.
Brace Bpreckels led at the Friday Fort
nightly with Mr. Depern, and the figures
were especially pn tty.
The problem of the cotillons is to can
vas or not to canvas the floors. I don't
believe In canvass, rt always looks as
though it needed a bath in two hours.
And really it soils the bottom of the gown
more than the bare polished floor.
We have had two engagements an
nounced and good-naturedly have greeted
them as surprises. But they have both
been discussed over the teacups many a
time and oft. Kthel Rodgers and Bert
Dibblee wore the flrtrt to tell their secret.
Bert is In New York, but he expects t>>
leave shortly for Colutnbus. which is her
home. You know Miss Rodgers visited
the Hobarts this summer in San Rafael.
She is a cour.sin of Juliette and Hannah
Williams. It was perfect!-, evident from
the manner in which Mr. •Mbblee'a foot
steps gravitated toward Ban 'Rafael th.tt
he was being led there a willing captive
of Cupid's.
Marguerite Jolliffe and Dr. Herbert Mof
fitt have also announced their intention
of forsaking single blessedness. Just
when the wedding:- will take place I have
not heard.
Saturday there were two large teas.
Miss Fillmore gave one and Mrs. Mills
the other. I did not go to either, for I
have succumbed to a deadly disinclination
for teas. The other girls said I missed a
very pleasant time by staying away. I
met Charlotte Ellingwood coming home
from the Mills tea. She looked extremely
pretty, but a wee bit lonesome for her
better halves— Ethel and Leontine.
Au revoir, until next week. Peg.
shall tell you what happens, whether I
am disappointed in the bulging of my
Christmas stocking or not. Lovingly.
FLORA MeFLIMSY.
P. S.— l'm dying to know what you're
going to give me. Something nice, I hope.
An English journal advocates as a
\ needed Innovation the employment of au
to-moblle funeral oars, insisting that the
display of black horses, plumes and other
phylacteries of unreasoning mourning is
but the survival of the antiquated and
barbarous custom of slaying horses at
: the grave of their owner.
KINGSBURY
PIANOS.
»?«: 'ujk Til— ."Q. ixXCTiiJißiiiLiininnjMß' tuiiMj'l
- % _.
A good piano at a medium price. »;
Largest factory in the world. Capacity
8000 per year.
...EASY PAYMENTS...
Old instruments taken in exchange.
CLARK WISE & CO.,
41 Geary St., Cor. Grant Aye.
OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL XMAS.
For the Arctic Whalers
Imprisoned at
Point Barrow.
T^e Only BreaKfast Cereal
Purchased by the United
States Government, the San
Francisco "Exan)iner" and
"Call" is GERMEA. k
Large shipments were sent
pej steamer Walla Walla re-
cently, consigned to Captain
Tuttle of the United States
man-of-war Bear, for trans-
portation to the ice-bound
whalers at Point Barrow, in
the Arctic Ocean.
I IbGermea makes 4 lbs Solid Food
I Ib Oatmeal makes 2 lbs Solid Food
Germea takes 3 Minutes to Cook
Oatmeal takes 50 Minutes to Cook
Germea has 95 Per Cent Nutriment
Oatmeal has 73 Per Gent Nutriment
JOHNSON=LOCKE MER. CO.,
Sole Agents.
■;^^ ; >t-Rt -R" WEBER
334 POST STREET.
fC. F. Gifts/
334 POST STREET.
Holiday Gifts,
S Library Globes
£^ Children's Desks
jlkjS ■ and CiiairSf
Toy Bi?ckb:>ards,
. . .■•■-•.:■. ' - ■-.■.. ■ ■ ■ :■'
HOW TO GIVE
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS.
CHILDREN are fond of surprises.
The same may be said of adults,
especially when they are laying
down temporarily the cares erf
life and being children again
"just for to-night." Christmas fruit
Is pleasing to both great and small —
to the former because it is a clever de
vice, to the latter because of the good
ies and gifts they find within it.
An orange will serve as an admirable !
example because it is easy to make and
pretty to look at. For its use orange- i
colored cloth — that having a stippled j
surface, like mummy cloth — will most
closely imitate the real fruit. For each
orange cut four or five oval sections, j
pointing the ends.
A real orange may be used as a pat
tern by cutting the peel in sections in ;
the ordinary manner from the stem I
point to the opposite center, removing j
It and using one section by which to \
cut out the cloth sections. Join all j
these sections together, leaving, how- '■
ever, an opening between the adjoining !
edges of iwo ot them through which '
to insert the candy, toy or other gift j
it is to contain. A green cord stem by ;
which to suspend it, if desired, may j
then be added. Prettier still appears ;
this fruit if a leaf or two of artificial or j
real foliage is attached.
The same idea can be carried out in j
various kinds of fruit, pears, apples and
bananas btlig very prettily made of j
smooth fabrics, with the former two
tinted to imitate the rosy cheeks of the !
real fruit. Peaches made of pale buff
Velvet may have painted cheeks and j
look very natural. Lemons, tomatoes ■
and cucumbers may be added to the I
collection in the way of variety, though i
children will not be specially attracted
by them.
A Christmas feature much enjoyed by
children and often indulged in by
adults is a Christmas pie in which
are concealed trin-
kets, toys and
knick-knacks for
general distribu
tion. The pie may
Pie of Jovjs.
be "made" by placing the trifles desig- ]
nated In a large basin or pan, as the
number of them demands, rirst attach
ing to each one end of a string two or
three feet long. To the other ends of j
these strings should be fastened tiny
bmvs of bright, pretty ribbon.
The "crust" of a Christmas pie is
sometimes made of tissue paper, some
times of bran, either one presenting' the
appearance of rich, well-browned pas
try. If the "crust" is to be of tissue
paper the strings must be arranged all
around the basin, so that the ribbon
bows will fall just over the rink or sit
up around it when the "crust" is laid on
and tucked in all round. Or this style
of "crust" may have fancy openings in
the shape of stars, leaves, vines or flow
ers cut in it, and through these from
the under side may pass the ends of the
strings that are fastened to bows.
The other "crust" is formed of a thick
layer c-f bran scattered over the con
tents of the pie to conceal them and the
strings or cords, only the ribbon bows
of which appear on the surface, for all
the world like little tulips and cro
cuses. All around this pie will be a
wreath of holly or some pretty Christ
mas green.
The pie is passed, or if very large it
Is placed on the middle of the supper
table or on a small table in the center
of the room. Each guest selects a bow,
pulls the string, and out comes his
plum in the shape of a pretty gift
A jolly ending to a Christmas party
and c-ne enjoyed by young and old is
called the hanging stocking. A huge
stocking is pre- __
pared two or
three days before
Christmas, from
tissue paper, the
parts being se-
Hanging
Stocking.
cure»y pasted together. A good plan
Is to cut one-half of the stocking an
inch larger all round than the other
half. Then lap the extra width over
the smaller side and paste it down This
will prevent the unfinished appearance
resulting from pasting the two edges
together and besides will prove more
durable.
The stocking is filled with light toys,
trinkets and trifles and hung from the
ceiling. Each guest, in turn, is blind
folded, given a light cane or n.d turned
three times around and then is told to
advance and hit the bag. Many are
the misses, as every one who has ever
attended a donkey party will surmise.
The first hit, however, breaks the bag
and the contents come tumbling down.
A scramble for them ensues, and every
body comes forth smiling, whether suc
cessful in securing a souvenir or not
Another ending to Christmas festivi
ties Is the securing of the prize toy. A
fine toy is fastened upon the wall and
fired at with a .
paper dart, a tiny
bc-w and arrow or
a putty gun. A
score is kept, and
J-Vize Tcvjs.
should no one actually hit the toy it is
given to the one whose shot Is nearesL
it. Of course the first hit secures the
toy to the marksman firing the shot.
Second and third prizes may be put up
if the hostess thinks well of the sug
gestion.
fide in the wall prize is conducted on
the •'blindfold" plan. A square of paste
board with a hole at the center, five or
six inches in diameter, is fastened, up
right, in front of a prize toy. Three
"turn arounds" and one thrust are al
lowed each candidate. The chances of
winning are about even with those of
hitting the hanging stocking.
This method of distributing gifts is
most pleasing to little folks, for it
is a sort of hide-and-soek game.
A large spider is
bought, or fash
ioned at home,
and hung from
Sp'dar Web.
the chandelier. Its — - -
back is hollowed to hold a spool, to
which are attached many gilt and Sil
«r cords. Each child is given a cord
d told that at the end of it she will
discover something that she likes or
wants In arranging the web these
cords have been carried in and out and
round about rooms and furniture, and
upstairs and down, and the ends finally
anchored in some corner or out-of-the
way place. The following of these
cords is great fun and the "find" at the
end always greatly appreciated.
DIFFICULTIES OF
AN INTERVIEWEH
MYSTIC FORCE THAT fUBJU
GATES DISEASE.
Priestess of the New Dispensation
That Discards the Surgeon*
Scalpel and Physician's
Drugs.
I went up to the Emma SpreckeTs
building yesterday instructed to ob
tain an interview with one of the most
unique and interesting personalities of
which this r- ny-sided metropolis can
boast for the benefit of the readers of
the Christmas Call. Interviewing has
its difficulties at times, and when your
vis-a-vis is a delightful conversation
alist, and talks charmingly and freely
on any subject, except herself, what
are you going to do?
Who has not heard of Dr. Nellie
BeighJe, San Francisco's beloved "Lit
tle Doctor," whose name is an inspira
tion to once darkened lives and homes?
She occupies an entire side of the
Spreckels building on the fourth floor,
and these rooms, furnished with quiet
elegance, are the Mecca of daily in
creasing throngs afflicted with almost
all of humanity's ills. Tne reception
room was well filled in the morning
hour, and it was a veritable pleasure to
note the quick light of confiding affec
j tion that came into the eyes of her
i patients as she entered.
I have mentioned how reluctantly
! she alludes to herself. Instinctively
■ shrinking from notoriety, a character
! istic well understood by her friends.
But her admirers are more communi
cative, and lovingly dwell on her mirac
ulous gifts, her life consecrated to the
! noblest uses that this world can afford
— the divine mission of healing. They
tell of men and women, prominent in
the world of business, learned pro
| fessions and society, a prey to devour
ing disease, dwellers in an Inferno of
sorrow, to whom the world's physicians
i could bring no balm or hope, rescued by
the "Little Doctor's" divine art and en
riched with health's energies and en-
joyments.
From these grateful spirits what is
written here was obtained, the gentle
Doctor being inflexible in not permit
ting the names of patients to be used.
The development of magnetic power
h» the Doctor's wondrous right arm is
familiar history. Its potency to subju
gate disease came as a revelation, and
this earnest soul, herself a woman ot
culture, a former teacher in the public
schools, saw in the occult energy that
so strangely became part of her only
the path of duty and enlarged opportu
nities of doing good. The sick came to
her. and her success attracted the at
tention of scientists and the medical
profession. Here was a new concep
tion of Nature, and it mystified them.
They were fettered with the prejudices
of ancient schools and they could not
understand this new enlargement of
human power. A committee of th*»
Oakland Psychical Research Society
was appointed to investigate her. She
modestly appeared before it. The
signed report speaks of the rigid pre
cautions observed and specifies the
manner in which she demonstrated her
power by placing her right hand upon
the head of a member of the commit
tee, who "reported feeling a distinct
shock, similar in character to which
one would receive when coming in con
tact with an electric battery. When
the lady touched the hair upon
his head with the tips of her fingers
the result was the same. If shfi
touched the back of the chair the same
force was observed."
The report is very interesting and re
ceived wide publicity. Suffice it to
say that the committee was thorough
ly convinced of her power.
What is this mystic force which sets
at naught the learning of the schools?
By its fruits it can be judged. "Dr.
Beighle saved my life," said one of the
most prominent merchants in the city.
"I tried the best physicians in the Bast
and in Europe without avail. She cur^d
me permanently." A United States
Senator testified to a cure of stomach
and liver complaint that the most fa
mous springs and physicians could not
relieve. But space forbids the recit.il
of cases of restored health from the
lipe of grateful men and women.
The Doctor exemplifies in her own
person the secret and living force with
which God has dowered her; she is
radiant with health and grace, and her
features express her soul and Its aspi
ration?. Her innate sympathy repro
duces in her gentle breast the suffering
of the patient. This may explain in
part her success in nervous diseases
and her modest reference to it. "I am
deeply interested in this cruol form of
disease and I cherish the grateful tes
timony of sufferer?; whom it has been
my privilege to restore to health."
The regime of scalpel and drug seems
tn be passing away and in its stead
has come the new dispensation of which
the "Little Doctor" is the seer and
priestess. Lt'RA SMALLEY.
There are some tailgate* suill in Phila
delphia, which leads the -Telegraph of
that city to bkv: "Even in th»> wilds of
the blue grass region of Kentucky then 1
baa been a revolt against the survivor of
frontier days, and so determined are the
Kentuckiana to be rid of the turnpike nui
sance thai they have resorted tn the torch
and the shotgun in the good old Kentucky
fashion."
PREMATURE GRAYNESS
j^ Is the fate of many a young wo-
f*L'M'U^S\ man, and many a woman younfj
\&&!Hl f in face, figure and tastes has the
._ygfat teM-tale pray hair " appearing- at
mrM&jf] her Uirnn! *-' s - WEADTISK tie
fflß£lr4>U lli;p ° thkimpkkiai. iiaii:
j^^^ KKI.KNKIiATOK, a scientific
BK^jMßg and harmless preparation which
§%&/%&& instantly restores the lost color
y?/§St]«»J find is so natural It cannot he de-
SAjSßjffl/t tested. No matter what yourshade.
from -black to lightest blonde. y»u
*^ may have it again. ':• using the
Regenerator once In every few months, the hair
is always beautiful, soft and glossy. Sand lock
of hair, which we will color and return free.
IMPERIAL FACIAL PREPARATIONS
Create and preserve beauty. Send for Booklet.
Sole manufacturers and patentees. Imperial
Chemical Manufacturing Company, 292 Fifth
avenue, New York.
In San Francisco, sold by:
GOLDSTEIN & COHN... 522 Market street
S. STROZYNSKI......;.'. . 24 Geary street
OWL, DRUG C 0........
And All Druggists and Hairdressers. _
'P DTTC! VETO FOR PARSERS. CAR-
bhtb h^eTb» »>£
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers. • nn^rs.
flyers, flourmilla. foundries, laundries. P»P"£
hangers, printers, j painters, shoe facton«.
•tablemen, tnr-roofers. tanners, tailors. •••■
BUCHANAN BROS.. ftfc
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament* *"HE Medlarks knew all about Christmas, and Ambrose, the oldest boy,
Tkn-w who was Santa Claus. But that is a secret which the elders
always keep; and Ambrose never told Clay, who was eight, nor Pearl,
who was three, and firmly believed Santa Claus lived in the sky where
the snow was; because he was said to come down the chimney just as
tho snow did once.
The Medlark chimney needed mending in spite of all Mrs. Medlark and
Ambrose could do with mud, plaßter and stones. Dr. Thomas Jefferson Med
lark, Ambrose's father, had been a bricklayer (just as he had been a carpenter
and a butcher, and a blacksmith and a veterinary surgeon), and. early in the
summer, he had promised Mrs. Medlark that he would "git the chlmbly in
shape Boon's ever he come raoun' to it." The season was now late in De
r, but apparently Dr. Medlark had not "come raoun 1 " to the chimney.
The neighbors said that Dr. Thomas Jefferson Medlark "was as trif'.in' as he
was smart." Fortunately, Mrs- Medlark was "stirrin'," and Ambrose was
"as wiilin 1 a boy as ever lived." Thus, in spite of Thomas Jefferson's dis
inclination to labor, the Medlarks had risen out of the condition of ••movers"
into "renters"; and owned a horse, a herd of cows and Innumerable fowls.
It was Mrs Medlark who told th<- children about Christmas. She managed
to have a show of Christmas-cheer for dinner, and always took them to the
Christmas tree at the schoolhouse. What a wonderful tree was that, to
children who hardly tasted candy t
ar! A whole beautiful red or -
or yellow tarlatan bag, overflowing
with candy, and one sift, at least, be
sides, were handed by Santa Claus in
j"-rs<>n to every child. Neither did the
plantation Santa I'laus think it fair to
little boys and girls to half fill a candy
has with corn, as, it is painful t<> con
sider, is done by pome unscrupulous
Sunday-school Santa Clauses in the
North nf America.
Xot he; his candy bass wero candy
baps, and not what the old negro aun
ties would call "a mixtery."
Ambrose Medlark knew very well
why Santa ciaus" jolly red face never
Btopped smiling;, and why it sometimes
was a little crooked on his neck, and
then abruptly seemed to tret straight;
nnd ho knew why he wore a sealskin
car like Mr. Francis' and a buffalo
robe like Mrs. Carroll's, and talked in a
voice precisely lik>> T'ncle Billy Ruff
ner's. And he knew about the gifts for
the different friends being sent in to
the schoolhouse. He. too, bought (,'hrist
mas Presents. Like most Arkansas
children, he earned a little money by
picking cotton. For years the' lad had
paid for hi? annual suit of clothes and
his annual pair of shoes out of his own
earnings. What he could save went
Into his Christmas hoard. One proud
year he actually bought his father a
pair of boots. This year Mr. Francis
had in charge an o!l cloth table cover
for hi? mother, a little red rocking chair
for Pearl, the baby, a wagon for Clay
and a pipe and package of tobacco for
Dr. Medlark.
"Yes, I got 'em all settled, slick," Am
br 3e thought complacently, one morn
lnsr n°ar Christmas, "only 'cept paw. I
must alt suthin' more for paw. Ain't
It tew bad T done spent nil my money,
kase paw did borrM that ar dollar I
Mowed fur ter spend on him. Honey,
don't you git so rich that hops' feet,
or hi? heels'll jest spatter out on ye"'
He stopped in hi? occupation of load
ing the waßon -with cotton to lift the
child and place her at a safe distance,
She was a rosy little creature, very
fair, with her yeliow curls blown about
hor shoulders and her eyes as blue p«»
sapphire?. Ambrose thought that she
was the most beautiful b^ing on earth.
To-day she was going to the settlement
with him. and she wore her best frock
of plaided woollen stuff nearly covered
with a white apron: and her yellow
curls were crowned by a red toboggan
cap.
"There ain't a patch nor a tear on
her." thought th« proud brother: and
he did not care in the least that his
own shirt was ragged and that his thin,
ban- ankles Bhowed above his coarFe
shoes, because he had spent his stock
in c; money for the copper-toed shoes on
Pearl's fei t.
"Bleeged ter keen paw an' the little
chicks comfortable," said Ambrose.
"Me an' maw's ruggider an' kin stan'
th.' weather."
If he were rugged his looks gave the lie to his Btrength. For, in spite of
his fourteen y.-;ns. lads of twelve are often taller; and he was worn by hard
work until his .sharp little elbows and shoulder blades looked ready to prick
through his thin clothes. Yet his face kept a childish Innoci nee and beauty in
the clear skin, th* curly, dark-brown hair and trusting brown eyes; though
his brows had a continual pucker of anxiety and determination and bis mouth
was too firm. As he lifted his cotton basket to empty it you could see that
th<- fingers of one hand were crooked. Really, they had been broken, and were
Bet by the veterinary surgeon so unskillfully that they were a sorry sight. But
you must not make such a criticism to Ambrose; he was proud of "paw's
bone-settin'," as he was of everything that the worthless fellow did.
.Mis. Medlark had bred her children in the firm faith that their father was
a wonderful man, whose occasional "misery in the back" and "hurtin 1 in the
leader if his left leg," kepi him from making a Bhining success.
Ambrose glorified in his father's versatile talent. In his fluent, braggart
speech, in his courage and aptness with guns and horses; which, truly enough,
'.■.•■:■■ considerable. It did not disturb the boy's blind hero-worship that his
father had a violent temper and would have gusts of unreasoning fury, likf>
a negro's, in which he wfis as likely as not to beat his children cruelly, When
such excesses occurred Mrs. Medlark would pel the victim and ?ny, as in e\
"Vou' paw ben bavin" one i-r his spells in^t nighi an' looks like h"
caynt enjure nothin' this mornin'! He docs suffer turrible in them spells."
Ambrose simply dodged the blows and forgave, and kept Clay out of his
father's way if the latter seemed "ill"— the charitable Arkansas name for Ill
red. "Pore paw; reckon he caynt help it:" lie thought. "Ain't it mussi
ful good luck he never dues hit Pearl!"
It was true; the baby carried the key of her father's heart and he was
never impatient with her.
"Reckon he don't guess how powerful hard lie kin hit." Ambrose considered.
To tell the truth— although Ambrose hid !t even from his mother— he owed those
trukpn fingers to a passionate random blow 'from his fatb.ee
"Law he. Ye didn't go to do it. paw." were his first words, while he grinned
through his tears of pain, "an 1 ye kin set it, good's ever."
Medlark was affected by the child's bravery. He had never been so harsh
■vith him since; but this morning his patience failed at the sight of Peurl
f-traving under the beast's hoofs. He shook Ambrose and cuffed bis <- H rs °e
fore he placed the child tenderly in a box among the cotton.
"Looks like you iixir." ter kill the little (hick," was his
surly parting word. "Ye don't 'pear to keer fur nuthin' nur
nary, 'cept havin' you' time an' you' kill *er some day with
you' keerless ways. "
The tears started under Ambrose's eyelids, but he wink
ed them away. "Reckon not," said he in a gruff voice.
Dr. Medlark glowered after the boy and the unequally
consorted team of horse and ox, as they slipped out of sight
down the hollow.
Presently the ox's horns and the horse's head emerged;
next came Ambrose's little figure; first one elbow made an
angle In the air, then the other. "Ef the little fool ain't
crying!" snarled Medlark.
He walked back to the house, kicking the frozen earth
with his heels and grumbling to himself. Usually he was
gay. open-tempered and sanguine; but to-day he felt himself
aggrieved. Every year he invested what money he could
spare in lotteries, and always $5 went to the Louisiana lot
tery. Nobody knew of it. because for years he walked six
miles to another postofflce to send his letters containing the
money.
No one can calculate how much money comes out of lean
pocketbooks in the South for lotteries. The negroos would
pell their skins, if they could, to buy chances. "Laws, boas!"
a negro said to one moralist; "I don't call $3 high fur a year's
hopin'!"
The visions of wealth which Medlark bought with his
lottery tickets were real fascination. No sooner did the
magic slip of pasteboard come to him than his fancy be
came intoxicated. Every year he grew more sure of winning,
Ambrose's Christmas Girl
All Rights Reser%-ed.
"Ambrose sprang a.'tzr her. The\j cud hear his high, sWeet, childish v>oice, *]4o!d up, Bud's a comirvg.' "
THE SA-JN ±< Li ASS UJL»UO CAJLL, JN DAY, DKVKMBKLi IS, 1898.
and he swaggered about, gloating over his secret fine fortune. Half his dis
taste for work was due to his craving to sit and sun himself and plan what
he would do with his money. He was going to buy a farm and machinery and
ride about on the fastest horse of the county, and wear a starched shirt every
day. with a diamond in his cravat. He was very liberal in his dreams. His
wife should have a black girl to help her, and he would give Ambrose a gun,
and the baby the most splendid doll that could be bought. He was munificent
to all his humble friends; and this made him feel what a good fellow he was,
how superior to the selfish people about him. So his vain imaginations went
on from year to year, working mischief underground.
This year— this very week, in fact — he had received a dreadful blow. The
letter that he sent to the lottery agent, consequently the money for his ticket,
had been lost! It was not registered, so it could not be traced. When he wrote to
the agent asking for the ticket the agent replied that no money and no such
lt-fter hud been received. Medlark raged; but what could he do? He had no
mom y: there was no time to earn anything before the drawing. No use, either,
to apply to Mrs. Medlark (though he knew very well that she had more than
$^i hoarded in an old stocking and buried under the fireplace), because she was
prejudiced against lotteries, as a result of her uncle's experience, who had
spent $115 in two years in tickets and never had received a cent's worth back.
.Mrs. Medlark used to say bitter things about them. But she had no sense,
anyhow, In the doctor's opinion. She would cry and sny that it was for the
children, when she was just saving it to buy a yoke of oxen. Hadn't she
made it all out of his chickens, too? Medlark was consumed with a sense of
grievance.
When did the wicked device first slip into his mind? I dare say he did not
know himself; all the morning it had been there, pricking his thoughts, an
ugly, nagging thing, like a thorn in his shoe. "I wouldn't do her so mean
fur anything on earth," he declared stoutly, when the temptation first ap
peared. Then: " 'Twud sarve her no more than right, snoopin' raoun' and
hidin' money 'way from her own husband!" And then — alas for Thomas Jef
ferson Medlark, who had always been an honest man! — tlien, he began to
think of ways' to steal the money.
No wonder Ambrose found his father irritable that morning! Meanwhile,
thp sweet-temper* d buy was already finding excuses for the man. "I had orter
been more keerful-like," he thought, penitently. "He jes natchelly got skeered
up, an' folks allers git ill when they're skeered. Waal, I wisht I got suthin'
nicer fur him Christmas!"
It was not very long before they emerged from the thick woods along the
river bank. Though it was December there was a genial warmth in the air
.'mcl ihe nioist earth had a smell like spring. The waves of the river were a
dark green, winding between willow-topped banks and disappearing in the
vast and somber cypress forests. Over the river lay the little settlement. The
low white houses, the dull-gray mill, from which came an incessant buzz of
tolling machinery, and the brighter tints of Mrs. Carroll's house had no relief
of green foliage, now that even the water oak boughs were bare. But there
was a sober richness about the landscape with its morning shadows — the sun
burning <>;•, the whitish-brown stalks <>f the cotton fields, the purple hues of
the willows in the foreground, the pink shades in the blur of distant "urn trees.
through which the. sycamore trunks showed like chalk Urn's, the splashes of
green holly or mistletoe among the dark tracery i apalnst the blue sky, and the
ruby-like glitter of rowan berries maklne their own brilliant effect in every pool.
"Ain't it pretty, Sis?" said Ambrose. "Must's pretty's the Christmas tree.
My word, that's Miss Carroll!"
He could have shouted for Joy, because at the sight of Miss Carroll there
flashed over him a scheme for obtaining the most beautiful Christmas gift for
his father.
Miss Carroll's graceful figure was poised with a little backward bend before
a camera, and her head was hidden under a black velvet focusing cloth. She
waved her hand at the children to get out of the way. "Or I'll take you,"
she cried.
"Where'll she take we uns?" asked Pearl, anxiously.
"She won't take us anywhere," answered Ambrose; "it's that ar trick with
the black cloth an* it takes folkses."
"Good little children, tew?" said Pearl, at once associating a camera with
bears and wild hogs and the "black man," who carry "mean" little Arkansas
children off bodily — at least, so the mothers say.
"Baby's good; baby ain't mean," she added. Put Ambrose hardly heard
the plaintive little tones, he was so absorbed in his daring scheme. He drove
the wagon nearer Miss Carroll, until he could speak to hor.
}'>\irl began to whimper. "Baby 'faid! Bud hold baby!"
Ho was In a great haste, but he put his arms about her in the box. She
clung to him, and instantly began to smile.
"Miss Carroll," said Ambrose, with his heart in his mouth, "does ye want
me ter fotch up a pail of scaly-bark hick'ry nuts?"
'*Yes, thank you," said Miss Carroll.
"They — they ain't fur a present, exzackly," said Ambrose, very red and
miserable; "I want ye to do suthin' fur me fur 'em. Kin— kin ye draw folkses
good iz trees an' haouses, ma'am?"
"Do you want me to 'draw you,' Ambrose?"
"Naw, ma'am. Pearl there— fur a Christmas gift to paw." His eyes were
sparkling with eagerness.
"Well, I have taken one photograph," said Miss Carroll kindly. "But never
mind; you shall have one taken your own way. Get Pearl out and stand up."
Ambrose knew what it was to have "his picter drawed," and he pulled out
thj folds of Pearl's frock and brushed her hair with his hand and crossed her
hands stiffly in front of her, precisely as he remembered his mother's having
done, when they went to the photograph boat, Clay and he, six years ago.
"Will she do, naow?" said he. And Miss Carroll had not the heart to change
anything, she merely told him to come into the picture also. He said that nil
BY OCTAVE THANET
clothes were not right; but when she explained that she would only take the
picture to his knees, above where the big patch was, he consented; and putting
his left hand on his sister's shoulder, he spread the right close to his side, stood
very straight, and glared sternly into the lens. "Now, don't ye wink nur
move, sis," said he, •'till Miss Carroll tells ye, an' I'll give ye my pretty gourd —
quit now!" But Pearl squirmed and wanted to turn her head.
"Pearl, ye got ter keep still, an' quit you' meanness!" whispered Ambrose
in anger; he was desperate lest the picture should be spoiled. "Ef ye don't,
ye won't git drawed!"
"Baby don' wanter be drawed," said the intractable Pearl; "baby wants
t' ride in the waggin."
Ambrose was at his wit's end; he thought of the childish dread of the
camera and, I am sorry to say, he whispered fiercely in the little ear: "Ef
ye don't be good, the black uick'll git ye:"
The threat served its purpose. Poor Pearl smothered her sobs and stared
with a most wretched expression at the three-legged monster. In a second it
was all over, and Miss Carroll was shouldering the camera.
Ambrose bashfully offered to "tote" it for her to the ferryboat.
The ferry was an old raft-iike oraft unprotected by guards of any kind.
Miss Carroll was busy with her camera, focusing a midriver view; that is
how she came to lay the plateholder on the wagon, where it was a great pleasure
tf- Pearl, who carefully removed the top slide. All wite an' pitty!" cried Pearl
gleefully. Miss Carroll's exclamation of horror struck cold to Ambrose's heart.
'Tiny ain't no picter on this one," he ventured to plead; "it's plumb white!"
"Yes, it's ruined," said Miss Carroll, and if ever in his life Ambrose w r anted
to slap baby sister, It was then. "Luck
ily the other is left. I'll develop it, di
rectly. After you have unloaded your
cotton come over to the house, and if
the negative isn't good we must try
You may be sure Ambrose lost no
time in getting back to the big house.
He was greeted at the kitchen door by
Aunt Caledonia, the cook. "Ye seekin*
Miss Dora? Wall, I doan' reckon ye
kin see 'er. Miss Dora, is ye in de dark
room?"
A voice came back: "Wait a minute,
Callie; don't let anybody in."
"She in de dark room," said Caledo
nia solemnly. "Ye all better be gwlne."
Ambrose only shuffled his feet and held
Pearl's hand tightly.
"It's a picter," he ventured. "She's
done drawed Pearl's picter."
Caledonia scowled. "Looks like dis
yere hull settlement low t' git Miss
Dora draw dar picters fur nufhin'," she
remarked sarcastically. .
"I ain't gwine have Pearl drawed fur
nothing'," said Ambrose, trying to pro
pitiate. "I. gwine foteh 'er a big pail
scaly-bark hick'ry nuts. "Will I fotch
ye one, tew?"
"Do hush, the critter!" shouted the
unappeased- Caledonia, in her deepest
notes of scorn. "Scaly-bark hick'ry
nuts! Boy, we all is wallerin' in scaly
bark hick'ry nuts a'ready!"
Poor Ambrose was dun*. 1 • :..
"Trackin' up my clean flo wid you'
hick'ry nuts!"— stream of Caledo
nia's wrath flowed on with swelling
turbulence — "looks like de hull settle
ment ben comin' see Miss Dora dis
mawnin', an' mud shoe-deep, too! De
truck dey fotch — mistletoe an' ber
ries, an' sich fool tings nobuddy want
— an' a-messin' an' a-gummin' an' a
wantin' o' deir picters drawed! Git
out an* come t'morrer, if ye want you'
picter. I tell ye hit sho 1 not be done
t'day, nohow."
Ambrose slunk away abashed, all his
visions of Christmas glories like broken
soap bubbles.
Nevertheless, he returned to the set
tlement with Pearl the day before
Christmas. His father had been kind
to him in the interval; affectionate as
usual to Pearl, and more than usually
industrious. Ambrose admired his
mighty strokes with the ax. He fol
lowed him about like a dog seeking to
help him.
"I'd really like to give Ambrose a
right nice Christmas gift," thought
Medlark. "Fact is, in justice t' the
children, I'd orter have that money. I'll
save some o't out fur them." .
•Ambrose longed day and night for
his picture, and at last, the day before
Christmas, he determined to make one
more appeal to Miss Carroll.
Scaly-bark hickories bein<" so de
spised he had cast about in his mind for
a- more acceptable offering, and finally
hit upon a 'possum, which he felt sure
would be pleasing to the • dragon . who
guarded the — that is, Aunt Callie,
Night after night did he go out hunting with some men of the neighborhood,
until his services were considered valuable enough to be rewarded with a
The "next day he took Pearl (because Mrs. Medlark was washing and pre
paring for Christmas), packed her in the rude wagon which his father had
made for her. and trudged away to the store. How ablaze it was with gaiety
and festive preparation! The glass cases were littered with picture books.
Innumerable red wagons and dolls hung from a rope stretched across the
shelves. There were new hats and bonnets and piles of beautiful, ready-made
clothes, and cups and saucers with '"Love the giver," 0 "To a good boy, or
"To a good girl," on them, and splendid gilt jewelry— a dazzling display! The
store was full, too: everybody, black and white, laughing and joking. But
the only person that Ambrose saw in all the crowd was Miss Carroll. Before
he could get his ragged cap off, much less offer his "possum, she held out a
package to him saying, in her sweet, kind voice: "Why, Ambrose! I was
going to bend this to you."
••],<>t him see the negative first," said -Mr. Francis, who was looking at a
little glass pane. "There you are, boy." All Ambrose's Southern politeness
barely availed to stifle a gVnan of dismay. Truly enough, there were the ox
and the horse, the wagon and the children, the hills and river, but what an
awful change had come to the faces?
Little Pearl laughed aloud. "Pitty niggers!" cried the baby gleefully.
•■You hush!" admonished Ambrose; but he added, in apology, "we uns
faces is kinder black."
"I forgot," said Miss Carroll, "you don't know that what is white in the
negative becomes black in the print, and the other way, too. You will like the
print better. These are yours, Ambrose— one for your father, one for your
mother, one for you. Look at them."
Miss Carroll had taken great pains, and at a time when she had little
leisure but she felt repaid by the look of speechless ecstasy that stole over
Ambrose's face. He thought that he had never seen anything so beautiful.
They were, indeed, admirable prints, toned to a rich brown, and the lens had
caught the children's faces in their moment of abandon with charming fidelity.
"Lucky it was the stiff one that was destroyed and not the other," said Miss
Carroll. "Well, Ambrose, will you carry my camera to the river for me?"
"I never kin thank you. ma'am," said Ambrose. He walked along by her
side, holding the legs of* the camera with an awful sense of responsibility. He
had sent ail his other presents away to the schoolhouse,
but the photographs he would not allow to go out of his
sight, or rather, out of his feelings, for he carried them
carefully in his hands. There wer# reasons why he should
not trust them to his pockets.
A slouching yet athletic shape was lounging on the
river bank when they approached. Much amazed. Am
brose greeted his father. Medlark wore. Miss Carroll
thought, rather a hang-dog look. He explained that he
had been to the store and was now on his way up-country
to sell a few turkeys. As vouching for his words the tur
keys cackled and fluttered under his hand. Nevertheless,
Miss Carroll suspected the fowls to be- no better than a
pretext, and that his real errand would take him to a cer
tain distillery in the hills. But she wronged him; for Dr.
Medlark w-as going to no worse place than the PostofMce.
Yet she did not altogether wrong him, since, pinned under
his flannel shirt was a letter to the lottery agent contain
ing $5 of Mrs. Medlark's hard savings.
"Come on in, if you' goin'," called the ferryman
roughly to Medlark. He was a hard-working, prosperous
man, who had small regard for the doctor. Medlark BCOWled
and strode after the others. Meanwhile, no sooner had
Pearl scrambled out of the wagon than she straightway
began to be "mean." Ambrose tried to control her. un
til Medlark, awekening out of a gloomy kind of
Continued on Page Thirty-two.26
HOW THE MELBA GRAND
OPERA SEASON
WILL AFFECT SAN FRANCISCO
DON'T L- reckless enough to
spend all your money on holiday
gifts. The Melba season com
mences in the Grand Opera
house in the month of March
and promises to be worth all
that can be saved up for It. Besides
the gowns and coats that you will have
to purchase. Rosen thai, the pianist,
gives three concerts here early In Janu
ary that everybody will want to buy
tickets for. Rosenthal, from all ac
counts, is a new power and a new tem
perament in the pianistlc world. His
strength and technique are said to
know no limit; he takes the mosi diffi
cult chromatic passages in octaves, and
his tone is prodigious. He is the San
i] iw of the pianoforte. And he is an im
portant musician as we'!. Itosenthfil
will deserve his share of our amuse
ment money, giving pood value for
every cent and casting over his pa
trons a halo of culture and fashion sec
ond only to ilia i cast by Paderewskl.
But the opera is the big thing. We
have a reputation to sustain as opera
goers; we are known to Impresarios
the world over as safe patrons of a
good thing, and this season promises to
be the best ever given In San Francis
co, for besides Melba In the older Ital
ian pieces, we will have Gadski and an
entire German company In at least sev
en different Wagnerlan productions. So
far we have known Wagner only from
cheap productions. This season prom
ises us seven of his music dramas au
thoritatively sung, acted and staged.
Wagner nights will alternate with Ital
ian nights, and it is to be hoped that
the former will be as popular as the lat
ter. Mr. Ellis promises that nothing
shall be too good for us. Mr. Ellis is
frankly fond of San Francisco. lie
came here last season with Melba and
a tiny company, and the town rose to
his attraction at $7 a seat. Considering
the limited company we made a record
for reckless expenditure. And now we
shall reap the reward. Mr. . Ellis . has
confidence In the town so much .so
thai it is very doubtful if he asks for
any guarantee subscription; he has
done what no one else has been' able
to do, and that is Induce Mr. Morocco
to open the Grand Opera-house to an
outside attraction.; and he will give us
a great deal more than we had lasr sea
son for less money. A great many per
sons have an idea that a swell season of
opera is a bad thing for the finances of
a city, that like a circus a traveling
opera company scoops up all the wealth
in sight and leaves the community in a
state of commercial gloom. This is a
mistake. Apart from the artistic side
of the question, nothing could be better
or the general trade of the town.
1 >p«ra is lare^'v and expensively pa
tronized by persons of generous ii.cans.
Thousniuis. yes, hundreds uf thousands
of dollars tha; otherwise would bt- in
artive are set in a merry-go-round.
Milliners, tailors, dressmakers, haber
dashers, restaurant anil hotel keept-r*.
•win? venders, b^er merchants, jewelers,
bootmakers, in fact, every tradesper
eon will receive his or her sliaj'e of the
business. The money that is taken
away by the company is a mere detail.
And then we have an opportunity to
aeain exhume our reputation as liberal
patrons of flrst-class entertainments.
The $30,000 netted by the four
Melba perf. .rr.ianres of lasi season
really rehabilitated our reputation
In the minds <>f Els stern man
agers. The figures went from news
paper t'i newspapei In the Kas'. as a
fart of great news; and nol s<> long af
tei Mr. Frohman took back his awful
vow never t<« send us any mure shows.
The new year promises lots of good
thinß?. By January the Columbia will
have settled Into the place formerly oc
•<1 by the Baldwin the California
into that formerly o< cupied by the Co
lumbia, *;id the only <ha,._-.' from the
old days will be one less low-priced the
ater, and we will stiii have plenty of
that sort left. The Ellis opera company
is one of thf most atnbitious organiza
tions of its character, and. in addition
to having as one of its chiefest sMigers
the greatest colotura soprano of her
generation — Mn ~ Melha — It contains a
list of principals eminent and renowned.
AMUSEMENTS.
™ COLUMBIA ~~
TO-NIGHT
THE BIG COMEDY HIT.
HOYT'S
A
PARLOR
MATCH!
BETTER THAN EVER.
THP fiDFAT Torn Browne. Whistler.
1111/ ÜBL.U . The Olympla Quartet.
B!fi HITC ' rhf Kinßsley Bisters.
Div 11113 Tlllle Salinger.
TCI? Etta Hutler.
1 Cil The Myßterlou? Cabinet.
lvj The <;r«-at Cake Walk.
11l Mark Sullivan.
MJirlota- Edith Hoyt.
nLITlDtrt Bdith H'.yt.
LAST TIME-SUNDAY. DECEMBER IS
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. DEC. 17 AND IS.
Non-Winners' Stake
AND THE
GREAT MATCH RACE
BETWEEN
PATRIA AND MOONDYNE
For $600.
Take a Mission-street car and It will land
you at the gates. .
ADMISSION. 26c. LADIES FREE.
This organization is now giving a sea- j
son of seven weeks at the Academy of
Music in Philadelphia, and the enthusi- j
asm of press accounts seems to be jus- |
tified by the universal Interest which
the staid Philadelphia!]* are taking in j
their season of grand opera under Mr. ;
Ellis' management. For many years—
in fact, since Its Inception— Mr. Ellis I
has been the manager of the renowned
Boston Symphony Orchestra. Almost
uninterruptedly (up to the time when
he first assumed the direction of Mtne.
Melba's business affairs) Mr. Ellis de
voted his energies to the success of that
organization. Until he associated him
self last year. as partner with Walter
Damroach Mr. Ellis had not before tak
en an active interest in the manage
ment of a grand opera season. The
prosperity of that ambitious venture
was due in no small manner to the ben
eficial results of Mr. Ellis' tact and
judgment. In addition to presenting the
name of Melba—ar.d a name of mighty
magic, it te~ his company will include
the following additional singers: Mes
dame* Gadski. De Lussan, Olltzka, To
roiita. Mattfeld and Van Cauteren. The
tenors will include Messrs. Kraus. Bon
nard. Pandolfini, Risking, Van Boose,
Del Sol, and the great Alvarez. The
barytone* and bassos are Messrs. Ben
saude, Stehniann. Boudouresque, De
Vrles, Rains. Viviani. Rosa and Stury.
The conductors will be Walter Dam- !
n-■ h, Bigtior Armando SeppiUi, and
Herr Fried. The instrumental settings
| of the operas will be furnished by the
! New York Symphony Orchestra, which
i is the regular orchestra of the Ellis
| opera company. There will be a large j
: chorus and ballet, and the stage will be
| under the direction of William Parry.
! who for years was the chief stage man
j ager and producer of operas at the Met-
I ropoJJtan Opera-house. The repertoire
j will be selected from the following op
ji-ras: "Aida." "Barber of Seville." -Car- !
i men,'" "Oavalleria Ruaticana." "Die ■
Mei*tersinger." "Faust. 1 "Fidelio,"
I "Flying Dutchman." "I Pasllacci,"
! "Iris." "La Boheme, "Les Huguenots,"
j ••Lohengrin," "Lucia." "La Fille dv
! Regiment." "Marriage of Figaro."
! "Manon." "Martha," "Mignon." "Ro
i meo et Juliette." "Rlgoletto," "Tann
i hauser." "Traviata." "Tristan und Isol
de," "Die Walkure.'" ".Siegfried," "Die
Gotterdammertiug."
Jhe Tiv?o! ;
On Monday evei Ing next. ;it the Tivoll
Ouera-hotipe, comes :hr production of the
bit; Christmas piece entitled "The Fellow
Dwarf." arranged by George 1".. Lask. with
which the management promises t<« sur
pass anything heretofore liuiie In the
spectacular line. The piece .- of the
mar> order, with a go-as-you-please
jiloi. '.^s i.:' beautiful scenery and cos
tumes and HHed to the brim with catchy
, music. This las: Item, so essential b> the
■ spectacular piece, has been gathered from
manj sources, and la sutii :<.< be <<f the
brightest and best. Some new ballets—
one of ihe "fireflies"— a dance of all na
tions unit a gavotte with a grind tableau
march <>r the steel knights, under the
direction vi Miss i«i;i Wyatt, will be
1 foatures. The p'ece will conclude with a
kianc na us formal inn from the lirush of
Hsi'iir 1.. Feat, entitled "The Five Senses,"
models o: which were taken from the
celebrated German artist Markelt. Shy
■ eral new ij'.iplr have been engaged for
tht- Christmas piece besides the i.-gular
company. l-'lill Branson will be seen in
the title role: Miss iris Maynard will be
Hi- wicked fairy. Alecto: Kdwin Si evens
and William H. Wesi the rival Hibernian
a;nl Ethiopian kings; William Schuster
the chamberlain. Gadabout. William
Prue i win. nude s-.i<-h a hit In "Su
zt-ite" in s!ih-;s. will again don the crino
line :i- ;:■••■ gushing Queen Dowager Pen
elope; Annie Myers will b« the kindly
I spirit, t-iiii.in Goodfellow; Anna Lichter
the Princess Allfair. f" r ' whose hand the
I rival kiii^s contend, but who is finally
won by the daßhlng Prince Orlando,
pla ■• •'i bj El via < t<>\.
The California.
Daniel Sully has bwn playtng a pros
;•• -i • us v. '-k at the California in "Uncle
Bob." which giv«s v.;i\ to-night to the
SLMD.- actor in "o" L-;ri"!i the Contractor," I
a comedy-drama written for Mr. Sully
[by Leander Richardson, h well-known :
; writer on dramatic topics. The story
tells how Mr. O'Brien secured a contract
to build a railway, the completion of
': which threaten^ to throw a rival road
iiiio bankruptcy. All sorts of wicked;
schemes are vainlj resorted to to get
O'Brien to give up his job. When finally.
jUB< as the golden spike is about to be
i driven, the r!vnl concern bus induced the
AMUSEMENTS.
"CALIFORNII
Beginning TO-NIGHT (Sun),
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
: The Legitimate Irish Comedian
DUEL SULLY,
THE GREAT PLAT,
O'BRIEN
, The Contractor.
A Tribute to the Worth and Dignity of the
Irish Character.
A Perfect Production of a Perfect flay.
.Startling Dramatic Surprises. Roars of
Laughter.
ft f" f The Groat Railroad Building Srene
VLL I.!'*' Driving of.th» Golden Spike
•Arr The Blasting of the Mountain Ka-
Vhk vine.
The Uest of Ail Modern Flays.
And Hear the Famous Rocky Gorge Quartet.
POPULAR PRICKS. ...ISc. 25c, 3>. Me and 75c
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng:,' Proprietor and Mgr.'
TO-NIGHT.
LAST TIME
Of Audrun's Favorite Open
THE MASCOT.
TO-MORROW EVENING— Xmas Production.
"THE YELLOW DWARF."
GEO. E. i.ask. Spectacular' Extravaganza.'
A Harvest of Song, Humor and Ballet.
Popular Prices. 25 and 60 cent?. N. C—A
reserved ' seat for the 'Matinee. 15 cents. Our
i Telephone. Bush I.
THE HAJS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBEK 18, ISUS.
Trish and Italian laborers to strike work
by offering them higher wages, O'Brien
comes to the rescue by stirring up a fight
between the Irishmen and the Italians, I
O'Brien's countrymen stand by him and
the day is saved. There is a conspicuous
love interest In the play, too, which is of.
i a character tn please Mr. Sully's many
. admirers. West's minstrel show is tin-
I attraction t<> follow.
Jhe Columbia.
The revival production of Hoyt's "A
Parlor Alutrli" continues this week ai the
Columbia. The ene^Lgem^nt closes with
the Christmas nielli performanc ■. "A
Parlor Match" is the las< attraction but
one of the regular Columbia bookings, as
tlif new policy of the house sues Into ef
feet with the new year. Willie r-illii-r in
his Inimitable hit. "The Man From Mex
ico," will head th>' list that has been
transferred from the Baldwin bookings.
J^leW Gomedu.
Another Floyt revival la "A Bunch of
AMUSEMENTS.
fin £ffl^sk jt. w\ Sacramento, Ca!., Estab. 1897
wi kL jL & W r(» Kansas City, Mo. t Estab. '897
WALTER \js!w ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
WEEK COMiHEWCmC MOKDAY, DECEMBER 19.
GREAT NEW BILL, Combining tha Most Famous European and American Vaudevllllans.
AMERICAN DEBUT OF THE WORLD FAMOUS.
Raf*f*o Sisters
Russia's Most Ueautiful and Eleßontly Costumed ' Terp!«chore*n artistes.
THE THREFLUKENS
ACROBATIC MARVELS OF THE NINETEENTH CENTURY.
GEORGE FULLER GOLDEN
Acknowledged by press and public as the most humeroua MONOLOGIST ever at the
Orpheum. An entire change of stories and songs.
WES TON AND HERBERT
• Celebrated Musical Artteta -.
HORACE QOLDIIvr
European Wizard and Illusionist. .
JULIUS P. WHifjVIARK FRANK LA MONDUE
Vocalist, in a n i^_^P^oh^^^^j^ The Mute Comedian.;
THE MERKELL SISTERS PAUL BATTY'S BEARS
Celebrated lv,ullil,risiH OreateW Animal Act on Earth>
MATINEE TO-DAY (Sunday), Dec, M .U""^ 1Oc ' ;
I. AST APPEARANCE OF CAMILLA IR SO. THE WORLD FAMOUS VIOLINIST.
BASEBALL! EATION
ItUorjJ>l 1 JuLiLLir san Td a m^o°n 35& JOSE - *
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE. . • " : : —
EVENING DEC. 29 * AFTERNOON DEC. SL TlTnnlrlTT finll (hi Pfl TIOTI XT '
Keys," which comps to the Comedy to- !
morrow nigrht with Ada Bothner in the
part of Teady Keys. Hoyt's programme
prefaces are always funny and this one .
Will compare with any of his later ef
forts: "'A Bunch of Keys" is a collection
Of incidents to teach no moral :n particu
lar, stirred together by Charles lloyt. In- ;
ciied. aided and abetted by Willie Edouln. i
The piece is called a comedy because
comedy is the word used to describe al- j
must everything put upon the stage at
present, and authors de-ire to avoid the i
charge of eccentricity, having enough to
answer for. The neople who risk their
lives, limbs and reputation in presenting
the piece and characters they allege to as- ,
Bume may be learned by a careful study
of the programme. '
J^orosco's.
Only a couple of weeks more of melo- :
drama, at Morosco'a and then the com- j
pany K"es off on the road while the Grand j
Opera House is refurbished for the com-
Ing opera season. The new week's bill la
a revival of "Uncle Tom's Cabin." a piece
tli nl turns tip annually wherever Mr.
Morosco holds forth. an<l one that al
ways st'i-ms to please his patrons. Besides
tli" entire company several outsiders have
been engaged to furnish the plantation
specialties.
The /\lcazar.
" Uabama" win receive it? last perform- j
ance at the Alcazar to-night. ("ommenc- \
[ng .Monday Fred Marston's "Humbug," j
written for Roland Reed, will be pre
sented. The cast will he unusually strong:
and will Include the Alcasar'a favorite, ;
.Mrs. F. M. Bates, wlmsf return will be
warmlj welcomed.
"Humbug" is rightfully named. It
dwelln niiiin a young couple living in Kliz- .
abeth, X. J.. each of whom haa pretended i
to the oth r to be of wealthy parentage
I
and noble ancestry. In the course of
time ihe humble relatives of each put in
an appearance, ami the complications and
explanations are side-splitting.
Jhe OrpKeurr.
The Orplieiim'rf new bill is made up of
four new acts and George Fuller Golden,
Julius P. Witmark. the Merkell sisters.
Frank I-a Mondue and Paul Batty'a hears.
retained from last week's bill. Of the
holdovers George Fuller Golden and
Julius P. Wit mark will appear in entire
new work. Of the new people the Rappo
sisters head the list. They come from
Russia and are credited with being the
most clever and best costumed character
dancers that have ever appeared here.
This is their first appearance in America.
Horace Goldin. wizard and illusionist, is
regardt-d as a stroiiK new card, while WVs
toii and Herbert, musical artists, are ttie
I new comedians and the Three I.ukins the
new acrobats.
"[he. Olympia.
The Olympia Music Hall has for this
week the three I^eandro brothers, acro
bats, Forman and Elowell, ban.joists. Kelly
and Violette and others.
The Ghutes.
Out at the Chutes the animals are feel
ing better after the rain, and there is i
mammoth bill of new vaudeville in the
free theater. The variety acts at the
Chutes are of surprisingly good quality.
Xrr\a~ Dramatic Editions.
The Christmas number of the NVw York
Dramatic Mirror is a sumptuous number
this year, full of splendid illustrations
and timely scheme and story from spe
cially qualified pens. TTie edition also
commemorates the twentieth anniversary
of the founding of the Mirror, a paper
that under the editorship of Harrison
Grey Flake is an honor and a credit to
the profession it represents.
The Christmas edition of the San Fran
risen Music and Drama is a creditable
one ami displays original contributions
by Felix Morris, George I. ask, Charles
AMUSEMENTS. '
ALCAZAR THEATErT
To-Night. . . . "ALABAMA."
TO-MORROW. MONDAY (NIGHT.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. ROLAND REED'S
Breezy, Merry Comedy •
Humbug
Reserved Seats 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Beginning with Christmas matinee. Monday,
December 26.
Hoyt's "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
...OLYMPIAN
. Eddy St.. Cor. Mason.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
ONLY FREE THEATER ON THE PACIFIC
COAST PLAYING_EASTERN STARS.
Th» LEANDRO BROS.
Far-Famed Acrobats.
S&.T CONCH IT A
; The Song Hits ot the Day.
FORMAN AND HOWLETT
jpN Celebrated Ban joists.'
MME. EMILY SCHIEDLE
Greatest Trapeze Act In the World
AND TEN ALL-STAR ACTS
ADMISSION FREE. , MATINEE BUNDAT.
F\ C,. J. C
aNGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
Five op More Races -Daily.
DECEMBER :...... :.:...... .....12TH
DECEMBER 7~..^~7~... ....'. 2«TH
WEDNESDAY. • .""*"""
THE CROCKER STAKES.
FOR 2-YEAR-OLDS-4JNK MILE— 49 Entries
Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:55 p. m. -'Sf**W9liM^t^ffi|€SKCM9Bßl
Round-trip tickets.. 25c. "■"•:
Electric cars on Mission end Kearny street*
every three minutes.
ADMISSION..... ONE DOLLAR
rr „ „„.- BVN8 V N - ANDROL'S. President.
F.H. GREEN, Secretary.
Day, Max Steinle, Sydney Chidley, Anita
Kallon. Ed Dunn. Mark Thall, Glen Mil
ler. H. D. Cortrell. James H. L°v.e
-Punch" Wheeler and Will I>aiig>> ("L-lt
tle Eva").
Playgoers will be pleased to learn that
a "Maude Adams Edition" of "The IJttle
Minister" has been issued. It is a hand
.somely bound and printed volume, pro
fusely illustrated by scenes from the dra
matic adaptation by the same name in
which Charles Frohman has starred Miss
Adams with so much success.
JHE OUTEP WOJRLD
Commeat ar\d NeWs of Distar\t
Plavjs and flayers.
It has been suggested . that as Hall
Came invited the preachers, to see ."The
Christian." John Drew ask the lawyers
to a special performance of "The Liars."
"The White Rabbits," by the author of
"The First Born," was presented for the
first time upon any stage in Brooklyn
last Monday evening and scored a failure.
faro Roma, a California soprano form
erly with Boston's Castle Square and San
.Francisco's Tivoli opera companies, is
about to essay a concert season in L.on
don, says the New York Sun. v
Duse may never act again in America,
it being understood that she will have a
regular season in Paris, and she still
sticks to her original determination to
appear no more than three times in seven
days.
A play by Tolstoi, called "The Tsar
Feodor." has just been produced in St.
Petersburg with great success. It was
written in L.s>;s. but lias hitherto been pro
hibited a public production by the cen
sor, though It has been produced in pri
vate.
AMUSEMENTS.
IOEOSCO'S GRAND SS
*• A.LTKK ilouosco, Sole Lessee and Manage).
TO-DAY AND TO-NIGHT.
Last Performances of -
11 THE TEMPTATION OF MONEY;"
TO-MORROW. MONDAY. DEC. 19, 1398.
Revival of the old favorite,
UNCLE TOM'S
........CABIN „
LESLIE MORO.SCO as Marks.
A WORLDS RECORD. ;
During MR. MOROSCO'S managerial career
in this city he has given 5618 consecutive ti->r-
formancps. ■'*•"
Popular prices. 10c. 2Cc and 50c.
| GLEN PARKI
Bbto— ■iiiiiimii mm' — — e nm cjjanan— wm p 1
SUNDAY, Die 18th, 1898. {
2 BALLOON RACE! -^
-MONSTER BALLOONS-2
IV
A EIGHT Q DA ING
SELDOM ' M AND
TO BE A CLEVER
WITNESSED! ft AERONAUTS!
MILLE. ANITA^-vs-CHAS. CONLON
BCBKLLtnd!i«r A GRAND
TRAINED LIONS /V CONCERT'
ADMISSION. 10c; children nder 5 years/free.
Take San Mateo electric cars. Valencia Mis
»lon and Sutter street transfer.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. -
A BIG. BSICHT B U AT THE FREE
\ THEATER.
■SPECIAL THIS ;AFTERNOON/'; AFTERNOON/'
?Emil Markeberg
THE BEST AERONAUT -
ON EARTH,
WILL GO UP!
See CONGO, the ' Gorilla Man; JOE STORMS
JR.,- Orang-Outang. , and SALLY; Chimpanzee.
EVERY THUHSDA Y, AMATEUR NIGHT
10c Including: Zoo anTThcoter; Children, sc;
c«nda:-sc «nda:-s and Holidays, 10c. '
that Mary Hampton, who is also with th©
"Shcnandoah" company, has the starring
bee in her bonnet.
Ethel Barrymore. who is playinjr with
Annie Rursell in "Katherine." will join
John Drew after Christmas and a^im
nanv him on tour until the spring, -wvien
she "goes to London to fulfill an enfraee
ment under the management of Charles
Frohman.
Marie Corelli's novel. "The Sorrow of
Satan " is the foundation of a play to be
riven at the Broadway theater, December
1!) The announcement of the cast, which
looks a little reckless, as is often the
case includes Charles Cophlan. John Kel
lerd ' Reeves-Smith. Virginia Karned,
Grace Filkins and Maude Harrison.
The doorkeeper of the Boston Theater,
who died recently, held his place 33 years,
and in all thai tfcre never witnessed a
ul-iv there or anywhere else. On only one
occasion he asked for a holiday, and that
was to attend a clambake down the har
bor He missed the boat. and. was in h;s
place at the theater door at the regular
hour. _
ADV7SBTISEMENTS :
' - _ /..
• 9
MANUFACTURER '
BELTING
'J;.-' • AND
LACING
105-107
MISSION STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
~;
Dixon's
| BEST HATS.
7/|7 DIRECT
I'U I AGENTS.
POPULAR PRICES.
I
Market
Gents 1 NEAT,
Furnishings. NATTY
NECKWEAR.
SCHILLINQER'S
y. PATENT.
ftls SIDEWALK
X GARDEN WALK
..A SPECIALTY.. ;
; I !
GEORGE GOODMAN,
PATENTEE AND
MANUFACTURER OF >
ARTIFICIAL STONE
IN ALL ITS BLANCHES,
SAN FRANCISCO.
TELEPHONE— 5322.
OFFICE:
■ fi<Jv/»l «T»
MONTGOMERY \tjLV
STREET, •
NEVADA BLOCK.
1' ■ *~ I
- ; • - ..
I FINEST I
♦ Poultry Butter 1 1
t Game Cheese ♦,
o Turkeys Eggs |
2 FOR THE HOLIDAYS. O
♦ <^ I
I O'BRIEN }& SPOTORNO, |
j , California AWket. ° |
9 Stalls 3. 4. 5. 6. 27, 3S and ». O ;
♦ California-street ntrance.
O ■ ■■ o
Ahrens, ' IK ne!
Pein &
Bullwinkel,
WHOLESALE
LIQUOR
MERCHANTS.
SOLE PROPRIETORS :
0 X Royal Ftag. Kentucky Bourbon,
Chief Tonic an • Hiawathi Bitters.
AGENTS : Highland Spring Water.
820 Po»t Street, Bet. Taylor and Jonei.
SAN" FRAXCISCO.
THIRD STREET, HOFSe SllOe
. Winchester Block. — \ . - l\
- — — J Saloon.
Straight Casey
Whisky. Goods.
;R. C pfarson. Proprietor, ■NIGGER BILL'S CHRISTMAS.
BY MARIE ALLEN KIMBALL
NIGGER BILL wanted a blar.k
hook with big red flowers on it
like Henry Mason's.
There was only one left. He
had gone into the drug store to
look, and if he didn't pet 10 cents to
day somebody else would buy it.
Bill went round to the butcher shop
if Mr. Werry hadn't left his
glasses at home; he'd given him "a
bit"' once for going after them. But
there they were on top of his big nose.
He asked Tommy Briggs if he wouldn't
give him 10 cents to peddle his coffee
at the train; but he laughed and said
"Nobody would buy of such a scare
crow."
Nigger Bill was a funny looking lit
tle fellow, as odd as his name, which
• gloried in— he was so afraid of be
ing called "an Injun."
He was a very small boy, with the in
ly black face, bright eyes and
white teeth of the African, while his
ght, coarse hair showed *iis Indian
ancestry.
He wore a pair of old boots so much
too big that he had to shuffle along, and
ket bo small that the sleeves end
p 1 at th^ elbows.
He was trying to school, carrying a
very big lard bucket, with very little
dinner in it, and feeling pretty -
Around the corner of the freight house
boya beckoned to him. "Say, Nig-
Bfll, I'll give you 10 cents if you'll
take this note to old Rogers and tell
him Mrs. Kerrigan gave it to you."
The black boy expanded into a broad
C« risrht." he said, joyfully;
I hnny. will I eotch it?"
"Pooh! Of course not. It's from me
mother. She's afu>r wanting her good
boy .xcused this week to work; and
will his Honor Bend Johnny's books.
that he may be after the lessons of an
;ig?"
"Oh. rich:" And Johnny Kerrigan
doubled himself over with laughter.
h me going to his old school the
week of the races! And he won't find
i .ut I'm playing truant."
Will he kill me if he does?" asked
Nijrger Bill, anxiously.
No, you scared cat; of course not.
Here's your money, and I'll be after
waiting alons here for the books to
nipht.
Nigger Bill looked at the little silver
piece in his hand; his eyes shone. He
shuffled around to the drug store and
bought the blank book. But somehow
. ippies on it did not look as red
and pretty as he thought they did.
He went along to school, but he did
not feel good. He had to lie to Mr.
Rogers, the principal, of whom he had
a mortal terror.
Mr. Rogers, Nigger Bill was con
vinced, must be crazy, though he'd
never told anybody bo; for he had seen
him more than once cracking open
stones in the old North Star mine, and
writing things in a book; and nobody'd
worked there since Bill could remem
ber — or prospected, either.
Then Nigger Bill had had one per-
I experience with him. lie thought
:itas he went along. Miss Car
roll, his teacher, always smiled when
she recalled the incident.
Eight little boys of them had got into
n fuss on the playgrounds and Miss
Carroll said they must remain after
■■!. Mr. Rogers came in. He car
i very long, large stick in his
hand (his show switch) and fixed his
keen eyes on the trembling little cul
prits. Then he turned to their teacher
and asked her "if she would have the
kindness to close all the windows. He
did not want their yells to disturb the
children outside."
Th-n he asked in stentorian tones,
pointing the long stick at them: "Boys,
have your mothers got any sticking
r?"
"Yes, sir; yes, sir," came from sixteen
tr-niulous lips.
"You'll need it when you get home.
Do you know what you'll want it for?"
"No-o, sir."
"To cover yourselves with. Miss
Carroll, it will be dark here presently.
Boys, do you know why?"
Christmas
Morning
Soldiers
Boys' and Girls' Page
"No-O-O, sir." amid falling tears.
"Dark from the Hying pieces of your
clothes. Take off your coats."
Eight little jackets came off, eight
shaking little forms stood before the
principal.
"Stand apart. Give me plenty of
room."
He stepped back, squared himself,
tried the switch two or three times,
then hastily pulled out his watch.
"So late! Miss Carroll, I have an en
gagement with a man, I positively have
not time to whip these boys. Put on
your jackets, but if I catch you in mis
chief again you'll remember it. Go!"
Nigger Bill had always thought that
a miraculous escape, and now he was
to help lie for Johnny Kerrigan, and a
lie Mr. Rogers would not tolerate. He
was sure the more he thought about it
that he would be killed if he were
found out. But he had spent the money
and he must do it. Risked all that for
a poppy blankbook! He wished he had
kept to his old slate. Nigger Bill won
dered if he could get an old geography
cover anywhere; the boys said if "you
put a geography cover under your shirt
it wouldn't hurt, only you must holler
just as loud!
Things went along smoothly until
day before Christmas. Then Mrs. Ker
rigan appeared.
"What is it I'm being told?" she
asked, her face red with heat and in
dignation, "that you was after excusing
me Johnny from school this week, and
him blatherskiting around the races,
an' me slaving- meself to death to kape
him at the books!"
"Madam, I excused him at your re
quest. You sent me a note by "that col
ored boy."
"Me? Proud would I be could I write,
yer honor, a vurd. It's his lies, and I'll
thank ye to give him the tanning he de
serves. I'll see he's here to get it."
Nigger Bill's time of retribution had
come. The principal opened Miss Car
roll's door and stalked in.
"digger Bill," he commanded, "come
here."
The boy trembled all over; his teeth
chattered.
"What did you He to me for?"
"The — the— blankbook— the 'bit, 1 "
stammered Bill, tht tears rolling down
his black cheeks. He was incapable
from fright of making any further ex
planation. The teacher struck him a
light blow. He shrieked and rolled
over and over the front of the room.
Mr. Rogers followed. He gave him an
other, and the boy rolled screaming
back again.
Then the principal collared the gro
tesque black object covered with chalk
dust and tears, and. Bitting him down
in a chair by his teacher's desk, ad
monished him against lying. That vraa
Nigger Bill's punishment. He sobbed
until school was out.
When the others were excused Miss
Carroll sat down by him; she put her
arm around his little threadbare shoul
ders.
"I know you are very sorry," she
said.
"Yes. ma'am; I won't do it again."
"I am so glad, for I am very sorry,
and so is Mr. Rogers and somebody
else, Jesus. He sees and knows every
thing we do."
Nigger Bill looked around fearfully.
"Did you know it, dear child?" she
went on.
"No ma'am, never heard tell of htm."
Then she told him the beautiful story
of the cross: of the tender, loving sa
vior; of the little dead girl and the child
in the midst.
The boy listened, spellbound. "I
like him, ma'am," he said.
"Yes," his teacher went on, "and
there we^e men who loved him so that
they went about telling other people,
and some of them had now names.
Now, I am "oing to give you a new
name. I shall call you Willie for you
to remember that you are Jesus' little
boy and he loves you."
The child went home hugging the
happy thought. He was no longer Nig
ger Bill: he was Willie, and Jesus loved
him. His was a merry Christmas.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
EDITED BY DAVID H.WALKER
AN ALASKAN
SANTA CLAUS
BY REBECCA MOSS.
IT -was Christmas eve at Fort Clar
ence. The short Arctic day was
clone, if day it may be called when
there is nu sun, though the won
derful twilight glow lit up the sky
with almost day-like brightness.
The teacher of the mission school sat
at his desk in the little schoolhouse
alone, thinking of his loved ones far
away in their Eastern home, and he
could see them, in fancy, making prep
arations for the morrow's festival.
The teacher had wandered so far
away during his reverie that when a
slight noise attracted his attention he
scarcely knew for a moment where he
was. Then he recovered his sense of
position and saw standing irresolutely
in the half-open door a little Eskimo
girl, one of hlfl smaller scholars. She
looked like a picture, standing there
framed by the doorway, her tiny form
clad in snow-white fur from head to
foot.
"Well. Reina, what can I do for you?"
asked the teacher in kindly tones.
The child ram* 1 slowly toward him,
but there was a look in her bright eyes
which showed that she was laboring
under some excitement.
•Will Santa Claus bring us food to-
TALKS TO
California
night?'' she asked in a low, hurried
whisper.
For an instant the teacher could not
comprehend the question. Then he re
membered that for several days he had
been elling the children about Christ
mas, the origin of the day, how it was
observed by his people, and incident
ally he had spoken of Santa Glaus, how
he brought presents to the children.
"Yes, Reina," he said. "Santa Claus
will bring you something to-night if
you are a good girl.''
The child's faFe lit up with a happy
glow and she Bew from the room as
silently as a snowbird.
When she was gone the teacher again
fell into a. reverie , but this time he was
not in New England; he was in the
cold, cheerless Alaskan Territory. He
thought of the poor Eskimos— how they
had worked in vain during the previous
summer to get their su — '1y of food for
the winter. Seals had been scarce,
thanks to the depredations of the
poachers who shot them far out at sea;
walrus had been hard to get, while the
FORWARD. Hear the drum!
Xow the Christmas soldiers come.
Mary Ann, she is the band,
Frank the cannon draws by hand.
Tom's the private. Bose is proud
'Cause to carry the flag he's 'lowed.
Forward, march! Hear the drum!
catch of fish had been smaller than for
many years. So the winter came, all
too soon, to find the natives ill pre
pared to fight the long, weary time of
snow and Ice.
He hurriedly locked his desk, shut up
the schoolroom and went to his quar
ters, where he called his native ser
vant, Ta-ta-rok, and the two had a
long consultation, during the first part
of which Ta-ta-rok lifted up his hands
in expostulation, but presently he, too,
became interested, and finally the two
went into the storehouse together.
A clear Arctic night is far more beau
tiful than the night of warmer climes,
the northern heavens glowing for hours
after the sun has disappeared with a
roseate flush like the twilight of the
temperate zones. The stars look like
points of white-hot metal thrust
through an azure screen, and when the
mysterious aurora lights up the north
ern sky with its wonderful incandes
cence man can only gaze with awe at
this demonstration of natural force.
At midnight on this Christmas eve
the Indian village at Port Clarence lay
bathed in the white glow o-f the full
moon, the low mounds, looking more
like graves than abodes for living crea
tures, barely showing above the level
of the snow-covered earth, and but for
the glow of the ever-burning lamps one
might easily have fancied he beheld a
"city of the dead."
YES, my dear children, I have all your names
and there are lots of them. But, my! what a lot of
funny names there are on my directory of California.
They make me laugh every season, and I hardly get
through laughing one Christinas before I have to begin
again. Ydalpom, ha, ha! Jacobs Well, ho, ho! Red Dog,
tee hee! Coyote, bow wow! But lam bound" to find you
all, whether you live at San Francisco, Sacramento, Los
Angeles, San Diego, San Jose, Santa Barbara, Stockton,
Fresno, Santa Rosa, Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley, San
Rafael, Sausalito — oh. yes, I'll find you all.
Here are some of the places my reindeer are particu
larly fond of: Hadcsville, Grizzly Gulch. Coffee Bar,
Skull Flat. Last Chance, Hepsidam, Red Clover, Squaw
Valley, Wolf Creek, Paradise, Poverty Hill, Poker Flat.
Nojoqui. Buhach Switch, Buttonwillow, Goat Island,
Cicero, Butter Springs, Dog Valley, Anti Fat, Apricot,
Brandy Flat, Bonny Doon, Big Humbug, Bend, Badger,
Acorn Ravine, Apricot, Ahwahnee.
Above them all I just love You Bet. You Bet. I love
You Bet!
What do you suppose the reindeer did up at Point
Barrow last summer? Just lived on ice cream and grew
fat! That is why Prancer and Dancer are so frisky. Ha,
'ha, ha! Spect I'll have to hire a driver soon. It will have
to be a very small California boy or California girl, who
has traveled in and knows all about Senegambia, Luzon,
Abyssinia, Terra del Fuego, Mesopotamia and every other
place on earth that has a name hard to pronounce. What!
None of you little fellows have been in all those places?
Well then, Santa Claus will have to drive his own reindeer
I and leave you in your cozy homes with papa and mamma.
Ah, yes, the Pioneers must have been a jolly lot to
have found scores and scores of funny names for towns in
California that I can't begin to tell you about through the
telephone, because I am so busy. What I really am talking
through the telephone for is to ask how will you feel one
week from this morning? Drums, airguns, dolls, toys,
candy — yum, yum — stockings full of things — rooms full of
things — hearts full of happiness. Tell your papas and
mamas that I wish them and you all — you first, my dear
children— A MERRY CHRISTMAS. Next Sunday
morning will be too late, for I will be far away. MERRY
CHRISTMAS! "Merry Kismus." You have been very
good children — especially since you have been told that I
like good children best! And give them the most presents!
And always have their names on my list! And never for
get a good child! I wrote to you all last week and you
have done very well. Whoa! Whoa, there. Excuse me, I
see that my reindeer are getting ready to run away. Good
by until next week. NEXT WEEK! Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
HO, HO, HO. HO, HO, HO!
Suddenly there appeared upon the
scene, near the mission, a team of six
reindeer drawing a sled over the snow,
and seated on the sled, which was piled
high with bundles, sat old Santa Claus
himself, clad in fur robes from head
to foot, his eyes only visible between
the folds of his foxskin hood. A word
to his team and away they sped toward
the village. Arriving at the first house,
old Chris descended from his seat, took
several packages from his sled, and,
cautiously approaching the window,
he drew aside the skin curtain and
dropped the packages in. The noise
awakened the inmates and the sound
of voices came to him, but he mounted
his sled hastily and sped on to the next
house, where he again stopped and left
his presents. There were sixteen houses
in the village, and Santa Claus had al
most completed his round, when sud
denly from the north a wave of light
shot across the sky like some huge
rocket, and then began a scene such
as few white men have ever witnessed,
a fiery spectacle which held Santa
Claus spellbound!
Across the northern horizon floods of
wavy light surged and swept the sky
from west to east, while streams of
vapory glow shot out from the great
mass, far up toward the zenith. Up
and down in graceful curves and un
dulations the streams of brilliant light
intermingled like beauteous spirits in
a dance. The entranced observer felt
an awed ecstacy as he gazed silently
upon the lovely scene. It was as if
this were the primal Christmas morn.
As he returned toward the mission
he stopped again at one of the houses
and peeped in through the skin window.
Old and young were wide awake, their
happy voices joined in praise for the
kind old Christmas saint who had
brought them such acceptable presents,
for each child had a little paper sack
containing several cubes of sugar, some
dried fruit and a dozen raisins, while
the older folks had each a small tin
can of flour, some hard bread, a pint
of rice and a little tea. Strange Christ
mas gifts indeed, but appreciated far
more by these simple people than were
the costly gifts that mean so little in
the perfunctory exchange of civilized
life, and as the hooded gazer listened
to the happy voices of the poor Eski
mos he felt in his heart that here in
deed was "Peace on earth, good will
to men," and mounting his empty sled
he drove to the mission a happier
man, in that he had made others happy,
and when he went to his couch after
he had put his team away it was to
dream again of the snowclad hills of
New England.
Copyright, 1898, by the We»tern Pr«»» Syndicate.
THE LUCKY
BAG PARTY
BY MARY C. SPAULDING.
IT was such a dainty little pink in
vitation. It read as follows:
"Alice Gertrude Charming will
receive her friends from 4 to 7
o'clock Saturday, December 24."
All the children of Alice's age re
ceived an invitation, and were in aflut
ter of excitement. Alice Channing's
birthday parties were always very en
joyable, and it was whispered that this
was to be more delightful than usual.
"We are to play a fine new game,"
Alice confided to her dearest playmate,
Mary Griswold, who lived just across
the street. "I must not tell you the
name of the game, for mamma said we
must keep it a secret
When the eventful hour for the party
arrived, children from all parts of the
town went tripping toward Alice's
house. All the boys and girls carried
bags which contained their party slip-
After the little guests had played
several merry games Alice's mother
said: "Now, children, let us see how
many of you can touch the lucky bag?"
"The lucky bag!" exclaimed the
children. "Why, what is that?"
A mysterious red bag hung all the
afternoon in the hall doorway. It was
very large and bulky. The children had
wondered what it could be, but when
Alice led them straight to It, they knew
this large red object must be the lucky
bag.
"This bag is filled with some pretty
little gifts," said Alice's mamma. "But
you must each earn your prize. Mary,
I will blindfold you and turn you round
three times. Then you must try to
touch the lucky bag. Every child who
succeeds in touching the bag has a
right to take something from it."
What a merry time they had! Mary
was so bewildered when her eyes were
bandaged that she walked directly
away from the lucky bag to the piano.
HERE are di.ections for the solution of the cross puzzle published last week, which was originated by Mr. Thomson
of this city. Size of paper one inch longer than wide. Fold the bottom over to a pjint one inch from jthe ;op
and then crease at the fold. Erlng the sides together from right to left and make a fold lengthwise through the
middle Take the lower right hand corner and double it over to form Fig. A, the space at the top 'no! included in
this fold being just one inch deep. Now double the paper twice, evenly to make it conform to Fig. B. Take your
scissor* and cut through the middle, lengthwise, and you will hrve all the geometrical figures, in one cut, necessary
to maske the cross, foundation stones, clubs and dice.
As each child is allowed to make three
attempts, Mary touched the mantel the
next time; and the third time she
-walked straight to the lucky bag.
Grace Farnsworth was more success
ful, and touched the bag the first time
It was really very exciting! The chil
dren laughed and clapped their hands
■with joy. After each child had suc
ceeded in touching the lucky bag, it
was opened, and they were given a
chance at its contents. Frank Briggs,
the big boy of the party, drew out a
small doll dressed in long clothes and
a muslin cap. A bright tin whistle was
the prize of Jessie Cameron, a quiet
girl who never made a noise. Sam
Bruce drew a handsome little needle
case and thimble. It was very funny
Some of the children exchanged their
prizes for others more to their liking.
When the lucky ones had all selected
a prize from the bag the game was be
gun again and continued until the bag
was empty. Just then supper was an
nounced. Mrs. Charming gave each
child a little gilded wishbone tied with
different-colored ribbons. The boy and
girl with ribbons of the same hue were
partners at supper and filed into the
dining-room together. What a lot of
sandwiches and cakes and candies and
ices they enjoyed!
"It was all lovely," said the children
as they bade Alice and her mother
good night, "but the best of all was the
lucky bag."
THE CHRISTMAS STOCKINGS.
WHEN the wind roars down the
chimney
And howls around the eaves.
When the storm is at its highest
And no chanre for echo leavos,
Then we gather "round the fire
place,
In the gloom the shadows weave,
And forget the cold around us,
Telling stories Chistmas Eve.
For we are four, well filled stockings,
Flump and ready for the dawn,
The youngsters will run and seize us
The first thing on Christmas morn.
And we have a wondrous cargo —
Nuts and raisins, horses, men.
And we hold them all so nicely,
And a house, and cart and hen.
That doll there is for Miss Polly,
Hasn't she the softest nan ?
Ami the gown is of real satin —
Quite a grand. Parisian air.
She was 'fraid she'd cmsh her dresses.
So we let her stay outside,
And she sits there on the mantel.
Looking like a Marquis' bride.
Now we'll tell what is within us,
As our custom's always been,
And as I'm the oldest stocking,
Without argue I'll begin:
I belong to Master Alfred,
And I hold a top and ball,
And a gun and several marbles,
And a knife, and soldier tall.
Then the cracks are filled with candy,
Oranges and apples, too,
And from out the very toe,
Nuts and raisins peeping through.
Now speak up, young Freddie's stocking,
A DANCE IN
A TOY SHOP
BY MINNIE BRADLEY,
San Franc'sco.
IT was the week before Christmas,
and the dolls in the toy shop played
together all night. The biggest one
was from Paris. One night she
said: "We ought to have a party
before Santa Claus carries us away to
the little girls. I can dunce, and I will
show you how."
"I can dance myself, if you will pull
a string," said a "Jim Crow" doll.
"What shall we have for supper?"
piped a little boy in a sailor suit. He
was always thinking about eating.
"I can get the supper," added a big
rag doll. The other dolls had never
liked her. But they thanked her now.
She gave French names to everything
she made and made it taste better. Old
Mother Hubbard was there, and she
said the rag doll did not know how to
'cook anything. They danced in one
of the great shop windows. They
opened a toy piano and a singing doll
played and sang "All Coons Look Alike
to Me."
This the black doll did not seem to
like. Then they wound up a music box
and danced by that. They had supper
on one of the counters. The rag doll
placed some boxes for tables and the
supper was of candy, for there was
nothing else in the shop. Patsy Mc-
Quirk said he could not eat candy. He
wanted to know what kind of a supper
it was without potatoes.
He got very angry, put his hands into
his pockets and smoked his pipe. The
smoke made the ladies sick and they
all tried to climb in a horn of plenty
to get out of the way. The next morn
ing a little girl found the toy piano
open. She was sure the dolls had been
playing on it. The grown-up people
thought it had been left open the night
before. But they do not understand
dolla as well as little people do.
HOW AMELIA
WON THE DAY
BY MARY KERNS.
NO, we cannot have a Christmas
dinner or Christmas tree, or any
other thing like people have on
Christmas. We are too wretched
poor. Just bread and potatoes,
and some old smoked meat that we
have every day. Christmas or any other
time there is no change with us. I do
wish I had not been born in such a
place," grumbled out Lottie Vane.
"We should be thankful for that, my
dear," said Mrs. Vane, a middle-aged
Tell us what you're hiding there;
It must be a zoo or circus,
For I think I ccc a bear.
No, my friend, you're quite mistaken—
Perhaps because of failing sight—
For you don't know hair from feathers
When it is a little light.
'Tis a hen that bravely cackles
When you squeeze her very hard.
Here you see are the directions
Printed on a yellow card.
Then I've here a cart and horses
And a house they call an ark.
And a cap, and flag, and pencil
To draw pictures in the park.
Then, of course, there's nuts and candies,
And an orange, and a ball,
With an apple and some popcorn —
Let me see, I guess that's all.
I belong to Mistress Polly,
And I hold a kitchen tin;
Every pan and every kettle
Is as neat as any pin.
There are oranges and candy,
And a ring of solid gold.
And a book of fairy stories —
Nicest stories e'er were told.
Now there comes the baby's stocking.
Scarce as long as your own hand,
Heaven bless the little fellow!
Must have come from fairy land.
And he has a rubber dolly.
That he surely cannot break.
And a book of toughest texture.
Strongest ever they could make.
But he'll have no nuts or candy
Till we come again next year;
Then we'll see that he has plenty-
Heaven bless the little dear!
woman, with a worried look showing
on her kind face. "Many children would
be glad to have this and be very thank
ful."
"I declare, we must be the worst-off
family in the neighborhood," said Fred
in a jest at Lottie's wrinkled brow.
"Oh, I know we have nothing, and
never will," answered the grumbling
Lottie, as she walked away from the
table.
Amelia, the oldest of the two girls,
said nothing, but her brain was busy
working out some plan, as she looked
at her mother's careworn face.
After the meal was through with Mrs.
Vane put on her cloak and bonnet, and
started down the village to do the
week's mending for an old woman, who
could not very well see.
"Oh, Lottie, come here, and Fred, you
too," said Amelia, as soon as her moth
er had got out of earshot. "I have a
fine plan, and am sure I can carry it
through, if you will help me."
"Well, let us hear it," said Fred. "I
will do anything I can to help you."
"It is useless if money has anything
to do with it," said Lottie, puckering
ur her lip.
"Wait till I tell you, and then you
shall see. We all know how anxious
mother is t<-> have a nice Christmas for
us, but we all know, too, how impossi
ble it is for her to buy without money,
or the means of obtaining any. So I
propose to surprise her, and give her
a model Christmas without her know-
Ing a word about it."
"You need not talk so foolishly, Ame
lia. Just a moment ago you said, 'Of
course, we could not get things without
money.' "
"Stay!" cried Amelia, with a merry
twinkle in her eye. "We can all work
for a while, until we make enough
money without mother knowing it."
Then" she unfolded to them her plan,
how they could run errands, cut wood,
do mending and many other little
things while their mother was away.
"Excellent! excellent!" said Fred,
after she had finished. "I shall start
out for a Job this very minute."
"Well, go on," said Lottie; "if you see
any use, I don't."
So for two weeks Fred and Amelia
went every day doing various little
things for people, and always returning
home before their mother arrived there.
And the day before Christmas Amelia
stayed home, and what fun they had
making pies and custards, and fixing
all kinds of fruit.
Christmas morning Mrs. Vane had to
go for a few hours to help prepare the
dinner for some rich lady. Just before
the time for her return Amelia and
Lottie set the table with the snowy
cloth, put on the dishes, laden with so
many good things, and Fred brought
in another huge log for the fireplace to
make it look more cheerful. Then they
sat down and waited for her to come.
Soon they heard the familiar foot
steps and saw Mrs. Vane open the door
and walk in. You may think how she
looked, without the description, when
she had been expecting the same small
meal, and then to see the heavy-laden
table. She stood still for some time,
then kissed the three.
After dinner the children had another
surprise for their mother, a handsome
present and, what do you think? Some
one had heard what they had done and
the next day sent gifts to them all.
Lottie has not grumbled once since
that Christmas day.
27
•28
FRATERNAL NEWS.
THE EASTERN STAR.
The installation of the officers of P.eulah
Cl apter has been postponed until the
first meeting In January.
The worthy patron has during the past
two weeks installed the officers of Her
mosa, South Gate and Scepter chapters.
The officers of the chapter at Lodi, the
one at Elk drove and ihp one at Court
land were installed since the Ist Inst. by
H. Rowe, P. G. P. _ |
THE ODD FELLOWS.
The grand patriarch and errand scribe !
paid a visit last week to Wildey Encamp
ment.
The grand patriarch and a delegation
from this city and one from San .lose will
visit Hope Encampment on the sth of
January.
The H:»U Association lias declared an
..ihi>r dividend, the second this year.
M. N. Dugan, an old-time member of
California Lodge, died on Thursday
morning. He was one of the veterans or :
California.
THE REBEKAHS.
On the night of the 10th inst. California !
Rebekah Lodge bad ;i great number of i
Its friends at the guessing party given in j
Odd Fellows' building, and the evening
was a very enjoyable one. The programme
Included vocal solos by M. Anderson and
Miss Wolff; recitations by Mrs. A. J.
Budd, Cora Levin and George Wheyland;
fancy dances, Gertie Rotholx and c, :
Rotholz, and "The Lover's Quarrel" by
two little ones, Sadie Brown and Judith I
Housoh. After the programme there was
guessing for a cake, and fortune-telling
■ ouple of gypsies, who wore wonder
fully well versed in the pasl ■■: the mem
1 . rs. Then followed dancing. The com
mittee was Miss S. Harris. Mrs. S. Peter
son, Miss Alice Hall. Miss Pauline Har
i is. Mrs. Minnie Homeyer, Miss c. An
derson and .Mrs. R. Max.
On the 10th inst. Mrs. Helen S. Jaeger
was initiated as a member of Templar
Rebekah Lodge No. 17. the work being
performed in a most Impressive manner
by the officers of tin lodge, who were at- i
tired in elegant and appropriate cos- i
tumes. Mrs. Jaeger is a native of Balti- I
Md., where she was recently mar
to Major F. W. Jaeger, P. G., for a
long time the energetic superintendent
of tlie odd Fellows 1 building and hall. The
major recently returned to this city with
his bride.
All arrangements have been completed
fur the "Jartey Wax Works," to be > x
hibited by Loyal Rebekah Lodge to-mor
row night. Twenty of the beautiful la
of the lodge will represent so many
figures, and Peter and John will be rep
resented by Dr. A. N. Copsey and C. w.
Smith. There is considerable curiosity as
to which of the ladies will take the part
of Mrs. Jarley. There will, in addition,
be a number "f specialties, including the
Knickerbocker yuartet.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge will have a
candy pulling on Wednesday evening
next.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Buperior Lodgi No. 361 was Istituted last
Monday night by Deputy Grand Master
E. Danforth under the direction of Grand
Master Bahrs. assisted by Messrs. Tuggy,
Blackman and Farley. The lodge, located
at 1605 Polk street, is in a flourishing
neighborhood ami it? prospects are very
bright. It was organized through the ef
forts of A. D. Hawley and M. H. Shep
ard. After the ceremonies there was a
good lunch served and addre? es by the
grand master on the importance bf the
mission of the lodge, by Grand Recorder
Poland. Past Masters Joy, Blackman. Mc-
Guire, Tuggy, La Touch, Alex Mann Sr.,
McSweeney and Glennan. The new offl
cera are: A. I>. Hawley. p. m. W.; M. H
Shepard, M. W.; L. H. Kohn, F. ; Edward
Sharon, O.; C. E. Quimby. G.; Joseph
Hagan, H.; E. 11. j^hnlng. F.; A. Mann
Jr.. Rec.
The Superior Lodge relief board will
meet on the 9th of January.
Pasi Grand -«iaster W. H. Barnes has
pted invitations to address Merced
Lodge on the 10th and Haywarus Lodge
on the 19th. on the occasion of the anni
versary of each.
On the 9th of January the Past Ma?
ters' Association will entertain all past
masters in Shiels building with a novelty
in the way of pictures.
DEGRKK OF HONOR, A. O. T. W.
<>n the first of next month the new
classified assessment plan will go into ef
fect. On the same day the Grand Lodge of
California's beneficiary membership will
go under the jurisdiction of the Superior
Lodge.
Ivy Lodge on last Wednesday had five
candidates initiated by the drill team and
received two applications.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Stanford Parlor No. 76 will celebrate the
Christmas holiday season by giving its
annual Christmas tree jinks on Tuesday,
the 20th inst. Henry S. Martin, the Sher
iff-elect, will preside.
Sequoia Parlor, assisted by the ladies of
Fremont Parlor, X. D. G. X.. will hold a
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, .Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters. Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, tasnraace and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With J,ay if th« Wl«»wimg nni Flt»i» Kan? lot 'T%s C»!L"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
. THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and firt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WMJCHOENING , 6 BUpplled -
BELTINC3.
Ln ncr.Lt Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. lICULIN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mlis.
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER,. MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDICV £■ CAVC— Makers and Dealers In
DniCn U jyn^LandaiM, Hacks, Victorias.
Carts and Ruggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
Bt.; San Francisco.
"casgTferwne bitters.
The World's Greatest Tonic, Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO.. 1109 Howard street.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IKON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS A CO.. practical coppersmiths,
rafr'B of sheet copper and tubing, improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First:
all work guaranteed. .
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
Up DAVCC * m Shipping Butchers, 104
J\Z>- DUIC3 & WU,, Clay. Tel. Main IM4.
' HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS
fill At A 'Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
In 1 1 V Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
JlllJ for catalogue. GEO. W. BHREVE.
wwinw m Market street.
. i '/; HARDWARE.
OALACEHfirdware Co..lmt3orter?RDealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton SHedley. Prop*..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Erery Ds.
■crlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
Christmas tree social in the banquet hall
of the Native Sons' building on the night
of Thursday next. A tree of unusual
size has been presented to the parlor and
the members propose to decorate it In
8 Grand Orator F. L. Coomb officially vis
■ ited National Parlor last Thursday and
: found it in a very good condition, both as
i to membership and finance. Several can
■ didates will be initialed at the next meet
ing.
I During the past two weeks Grand Trus
tee A W. North officially visited all the
parlors in Plumas. Lassen, Sierra, Nevada
; and Yuba counties.
F. A. Duryea. D. D. G. P.. for Placer
! and Nevada* counties, has written to the
grand secretary asking for blanks to en
able him to organize a new parlor at Col
fax. It Is proposed that the grand offi
; cers shall institute it about the middle of
| next January.
Henry Stone has been elected secretary
of Altamont Parlor, vice L. S. Beedle, re
signed.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
It Is seldom that a more delighted as
semblage of Native Sons and Daughters
and friends of both ever assembled in a
hall than did on last Wednesday night in
Shasta Hall, Native Sons' building, to
enjoy the entertainment prepared for
them by the members of Oro Fino Parlor
through its commissioners on entertain
ent. Miss Annie Misehler, Mrs. C. F.
Kapp. Miss Nellie Mulcay, Miss May
Ryan, Miss Lizzie Henrix. Mrs. C. Gass
man. Mrs. J. Wright and Miss Tillie
Stahl. The gem of the programme was
a farce, "Advertising for a Companion."
the parts being assumed by Miss Tillie
Stahl. Miss Lizzie Henrix. Miss Nellie
Mulcay and Miss Sophie Stark. It was a
cleverly rendered production that kept
the audience In a roar of laughter from
first to last. In addition there was a vocal
solo by Mrs. McDonald, and a barytone
solo by William Fenstermacher, besides
instrumental music. A pleasing feature
of the evening was a charming speech by
Mrs. C. F. Kapp. the president of the
parlor. The entertainment was followed
by dancing.
A new par.or, to be known as Calaveras
Parlor, No. 103, was instituted last
Wednesday night in Native Sons' Hall
by Mrs. J. A. Steinbaeh, assisted by Past
i Grand Presidents Mrs. Belle W. Conrad
and Mrs. M. E. Tillman. Grand Secretary
Mrs. Georgie C. Ryan, Grand Treasurer
Miss Lizzie Douglass and members of La
Estrella. Alta and Golden State Parlors.
The following are the new officers: Miss
Lucille Frank. P. P.; Miss Martha McFar
land. P.: Miss Lizzie Wrede. Mrs. Hen
rietta Oehme and Miss Agnes McYerry,
V. Ps.: Miss Emma Muller. F. S. : Miss
Julia. Kalfa, R. S. : Miss Emma Bailey,
T. : Mrs. Annie Osborne. M.: Miss Han
nah Ryan. O. S. : Miss Julie Cunningham,
O.; Dr. Mary E. Kroetz. E. P.; Miss Em
ma Schlink, Miss Josie Hartman and Mrs.
Kate Ryan, trustees. The parlor was or
ganized through the untiring efforts of
Mrs. Mary French of Alta Parlor and in
appreciation of her work in that line she
was presented a basket of beautiful flow
ers, as was also Mrs. Steinbaeh. the in
stalling officer. Mrs. French presented
the parlor a gavel made from wood of the
first vessel that entered the port of San
Francisco. The membership of the parlor
is composed of Intelligent women and it
bids fair to become one of the best in the
city.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Union Lodge has made arrangements
for a grand smoker in January.
Anchor Lodge, at its last held meeting,
made a clean sweep of officers and elected
all young men to fill the several stations
in the lodge room.
Yerba Buena Lodge met last Monday
for the first time in its new quarters,
which are approved by all. and a vote of
thanks was tendered the committee for
its selection.
The grand officers and a number of dis
tinguished visitors called on Yosemlte
Lodge last Wednesday. New officers were
elected and an application for admission
by card was received. Stirring addresses
were made by W. J. Thomson. V. G. D.,
M. L. Crowe, D. G. D.. Deputies McPher
son. George and others.
Center Lodge has elected a new set of
officers, all young energetic men.
Golden West Lodge was visited by the
Past Dictators' Association last week, and
the meeting proved a most interesting
one. There was an excellent programme.
including an address by the grand dicta
tor, humorous sketch by H. D. Smith of
Yerba Buena Lodge and vocal selections.
Reports of the order show that during
the current year there were 1490 deaths, of
which 493. were under 50 years of age. 702
from 50 to GO years, and 745 over Gl. The
youngest at death was 19 and the oldest
76. there being four of that age. All the
beneficiary claims, amounting to nearly
four millions, will have been canceled by
the close of the year.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
The announcement recently made in this
department that certain information
would be imparted to members of the or
der in the lodgeroom only at the first
meeting in next January has excited a
great deal of comment, and the grand of
ficers have been time and again asked,
j "What Is it all about?" They are unable
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Cassimeres. Tweeds and
Flannels, 533 Market St., San Francisco. Cal
Good* for sale at all leading cry-good:: stores.*
MARINE INSURANCE.
I SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES
Combined Capital. 4, 000 000
SYZ & CO., Agents.
SOt California st.
PAPER DEALERS.
Will HMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
JgILLHffICI lE. 722 Montgomery Stres-..
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO _.ncl MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
| A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PRINTINCJ.
EC HUGHES,., PRINTER.
• V- 11 UVlIli;O, sil Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
T^p" PARTRIDGE 3 6 c a a"
THE HICKS, limn CO-. Printers. Book- s ,
IUC lIIWAJ-JUVU WU-. Mnders 23Flrstst.
TYPEWRITERS.
g|gl All Typewriters Rented.
gj^J^jW ■ Few partly used for sale cheap
3aJBHDL AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
-i|l?£s«ttS L. &M. ALEXANDER.
"^•■i — •- ■ 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail: send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. y.'S Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral otflce, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. ~~~
Tl IJVnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
.'. LUrUM , f u » is-u. Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WHITE A^H STEAM COAL,
' Mined, by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES,
Is the Best Coal in the Market.-
Office and Yards— Main Street. s
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Placing, turning, 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
to answer, as the matter is still within
the supreme officers, but from their
knowledge of the order they are of the
opinion that the announcement will bring
great joy to the entire membership.
The entertainment that was recently
given in celebration of the twenty-first
anniversary of the order turned out to be
a grand success in every respect. There
was a surplus of $72, which will be dis
tributed to such members of the order In
this city as are deserving of assistance.
A committee was appointed tor that pur
pose. It consists nf Mrs. L. B. Holcomb
of Aurora Lodge. P. Dunzweller of Golden
Rule Lodge and Y*\ C. Hern of Aurora
Lodge.
The elections having been held on the
first meeting night of the ccurrent term
the Installations will take place at the
first meeting- in January.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
Installations in the local courts will take
place as follows: January 3, Court Yerba
Buena and Court Southern Heights; 4,
Court Sunset: 5, Courts Diana. Madrone
and Apollo; 9, Golden Era and Friar
Tuck: 10, Court San Francisco; 11, Courts
Endeavorer and Prec-ita; 12, Courts
Acacia. Mission and Point Lobos; 13
Courts Golden Gate and Noe Valley; 16,
Court Seal Rock; 26. Court Alcyone.
A new court with forty members will be
instituted in Devisadero Hall next Tues
day night.
Last Wednesday night the court at San
Leandro held a spirited meeting and the
membership was addressed by E. A.
Mack, manager for the Pacific Coast.
Canvassers have been sent to Grass Val
ley and Nevada.
Court Point l>obos gave a social In
Richmond Hall last .Saturday night,
which was a very pleasant affair.
The organizer's staff is being reorgan
ized, and next month it will be sent out
to do missionary work.
EXCELSIOR'S SECRETARY.
Miss Lena Wishman, the charming and
well known recording secretary of Ex
celsior Circle. C. of F. of A., a short time
since became Mrs. William E. Humbert,
and last week a number of the members
of the circle and friends of the groom
and bride paid them a surprise visit at
the residence of the bride's parents on
Ninth street. The visitors came prepared
with that which would make up a good
collation, and after they had all con
gratulated the happy couple the visitors
took charge and there was a most enjoy
able evening of music, songs and danc
ing, after which followed the collation. A
number of toasts congratulatory and
looking to the success of the newly mar
ried couple were offered and responded
to. There were present: The bride,
groom and the parents of the bride; Past
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. L. Atwood.
Dr. \V. A. Atwood , Past Grand Chief
Companion Mrs. M. A. Duke. Dr. C. F.
Bauer. John J. Cordy, Grand Secretary
of the F. of A. Mrs. J. J. Cordy, W.
Coughlin, Mr. and Mrs. Short. Mr. Duke,
Mr. and Mrs. Fisher, Mrs. Rassmussen.
Mrs. Schumacher. Mr. Kearny, Mr. Lar
son. Miss Gladys Cordy. Mrs. M. Nlcholls.
Miss Lottie Krommeyer. Miss Mollle Per
kins. Miss C. Tucker, Miss E. Berg. Miss
A. Borg. Miss M. Mangus. Miss K. Lyons
and Mrs. Hogan.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Grand Chief Companion Ira W. Co
burn announces the following official -vis
its for the month of January: 5, Ferrucio
Circle, San Francisco; 11. Inter Nos Cir
cle, San Francisco: 12, Pride of Butte Cir
cle, Chico; 17, Pride of the Forest Circle,
South San Francisco; 19. Pajaro Valley
Rose Circle, Watsonville; 24, Diana Circle,
San Francisco; 26, Washington-Lafay
ette Circle, San Jose. The Brand chief
companion has prepared a list of visita
tions for February. March and April.
The official visit to San Francisco Cir
cle, which had been fixed for the sth inst..
was indefinitely postponed on account of
the inability of the grand officers to be
present, having fixed the same night for
the institution of a new circle.
Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs. L.
Atwood and Dr. W. A. Atwood, Past
Grand Chief. Companion Mrs. Duke, Ju
nior Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Emma Harrington. Emma Oakes, Mrs S.
Coyle. Miss M. Larsen, Miss McMahon
and Mrs. Kane of Inter Nos Circle and
Miss Mac Bailey and Miss Walker of Bo
nita Circle paid a fraternal visit last
Monday to Loyal Circle in Oakland. There
was under the head of good of the order
a fine entertainment by the red and blue
sides of the visited circle. All had a de
ligntful time.
Bay City Circle had a very enjoyable
time in the social hall of the Alcazar
last \\ ednesday night at a social given
under the auspices of the entertainment
committee.
Inter Nos Circle has completed all Its
arrangements for the Christmas festival
to be given on the night of the 28th Inst
A new circle called Independent with
twenty-two members, was instituted by
the grand chief comn?mion laat o nv <
How He Discharged the
Cook.
THE fact of the matter is," he said,
"that yuu > women do not under
stand the management of em-
ployes. You do not know how to
handle those who are in a somewhat
lower social jjosition and to whom you
pay salaries. You have no idea of
discipline, which is a fundamental fea
ture of life and in which the social
scale cuts no figure whatever."
He had not been married long, and
this was his first experience with
trouble in the kitchen, and he naturally
thought he knew more about it than his
wife.
"I have been handling men in one
way or another for some time," he went
on, "and consequently it is to be ex
pected thai 1 should know a little more
about methods of enforcing respect
and cbedience than you, who are hav
ing your first experience in running a
snaall domestic establishment. You
must be careful not to let them run
over you. Now, where is this girl? I'd
lik-,' to talk to her."
"I'll send her up to you," said his
wife.
"Very well," he replied, with calm su
periority, as he settled himself in his
easy chair. "I will be easy with her be
cause I realize that she has not been
handled properly heretofore. But be
fore 1 get through there will be an un
derstanding."
The girl came to him from the
kitchen upon being summoned by hi.s
wile. He undertook to see that the
tone in which he spoke to her was calm,
but linn. She didn't have much to say,
anyway, and didn't care anything
about th%.tone.
"I want to impress upon you," he
said, "that so long as you remain in
our employ there are certain rules that
must be obeyed, and that what my wife
says to you "
The girl was moving toward the door.
"Hold on!" he exclaimed. "Where
are you going?"
"T' get me tings," she answered. "I
quits here and no-w."
"But — but — you can't quit now!" he
protested.
"Who says I can't?" she demanded.
"But we have a few friends coming to
dinner to-night," he persisted.
"Let 'era come," she answered.
By this time he was out of his chair
and following her out into the hall. He
tried to tell her that she couldn't quit
without notice, but she demonstrated
that she could. Then he capitulated.
"My dear," he said to his wife later,
"these girls cannot be treated as rea
soning beings. They don't know any
thing but cooking and arithmetic, and
nothing in the latter outside of addi
tion. I have added 50 cents a week to
your cook's wages."
And that was all she could ever get
out of him about that interview.
An English officer whose ship was
stationed off the coast of Ceylon went
for a day'B shooting, accompanied by
this city. Another circle is to be insti
tuted In San Jose.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
Mission Hive gave a very interesting
and entertaining social in Mission Opera
Hall last Monday night, and It was a suc
cess in every way, due to the energy of
the committee on entertainment, consist
ing of Mesdames Rehn, Potter, Pfeiffer,
Purrington, Phillips. S. Burt and E. Burt.
The following named contributed to the
entertainment of the evening, each num
ber being exceedingly well rendered:
Piano solo, Miss E. Bryan; recitation,
Miss Tupper; vocal solo, M. Austin; reci
tation* Little Carrie Manning; piano re
cital, Miss Lena Clarke: violin solo. Miss
Phoebe Gibson; recitation, Little Freda
Rehn; vocal solo, Miss Eva Bolger, and
instrumental selections. Professor Moore
and pupils of his mandolin class. The
several numbers were deservedly ap
plauded. Dancing until midnight fol
lowed.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Last Monday night the membership of
Lincoln Lodge and a number of their
friends celebrated the second anniversary
of the institution of the lodge by a grand
banquet at the Bay State on Stockton
street. The menu was a toothsome one,
and after the dessert R. W. McMcGarvie
took charge as toastmaster. Then followed
a number of regular and voluntary toasts,
the responses to which gave proof of the
earnestness of the membership of the
lodge to advance the interests of the or
der at large. After that there was an
entertaining hour of songs, recitations and
the telling of storiettes. The affair,
got up under the direction of the offi
cers, was one that will long be remem
bered with pleasure, particularly the elo
quent speech of the toastmaster on
"Woman."
Mizpah Lodge at a recent meeting ini
tiated seven strangers, and on the night
of the Bth gave an apron and necktie
party In old Mission Masonic Hall. There
was a good entertainment preceding the
dance, and the many who filled the hall
enjoyed themselves to the utmost.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
There was a good attendance at the
meeting of San Francisco Chapter last
Wednesday night. Two candidates were
initiated and several applications were
read. During the evening officers were
nominated, and they will be elected at the
next meeting. The ladies of the chapter
aro arranging for a social to be given dur
ing the month of January.
WOMAN'S RELIEF CORPS.
At the last held meeting of- General
George G. Meade Corps No. 61. W. R. C,
a number of strangers were admitted ta
membership. During the evening the
corps was visited by General George
G. Meade Post in a body, and the
commander, A. H. Leavitt, cordially in
vited the ladies of the corps to be pres
ent at the installation of officers of the
post on the evening of the second Tues
day In January. The corps will taKe
part In the entertainment to follow tne
Installation, and the following named
were appointed a committee to prepare a
programme for the occasion: Miss Bald
win. Mrs. Bowiey, Mrs. Leavitt, Mrs.
Coles and Mrs. Selger.
LADIES OF THE G. A. R.
Seven Pines Circle, Ladies of the Grand
Army of the Republic, will give a grand
entertainment in Native Sons' main hall
on the night of the 28th inst. One of the
features to be presented will be an ex
hibition drill by the drill corps of the
circle.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Councils 11 and 27 will unite in giving a
grand ball in Sacramento on the 29th
inst.
Rev. Fr. MacCorry, Paulist, will lec
ture on "Individuality" before Ignatian
Council on the evening of the 9th of Jan
uary in Metropolitan Temple. To-morrow
night the Rev. A. R. Nevlns will talk to
the council at headquarters for the good
of the order.
Supreme President Klerce has made the
following appointments: Deputy supreme
presidents— For Pacific Coast jurisdiction,
John Gallagher of Fresno, P. G. P. ;
Northwest jurisdiction. H. J. Ahlstock of
Portland; Kentucky jurisdiction, H. W.
Rivos of Lebanon; Ohio jurisdiction, W.
E. Kenney of Cincinnati; Indiana juris
diction. J. Collier of Indianapolis: Penn
sylvania jurisdiction, J. E. Keegan of Mc-
Donald. Detached councils, P. B. Cos
tello of Atchison. Kans. Special deputies
— E. R. Myrick, San Francisco; A.
Sohwaamm, Lob Angeles; S. B. Selfert,
Roanoke, Va.; J. A. Mulligan, Cincinnati,
Ohio.
There will be a lecture on "Uncle Sam
on Land and Sea" by Irving M. Scott on
the 6th of January before Pioneer Coun
cil.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
The following named officers of Britan
nia Lodge were installed with lmpressiva
ceremonies on the 13th Inst. for the cur
rent term, by Mr. E. Witts, W. G. D. D.,
assisted by Mrs. J. B. Staples, P. P.. act-
Ing as grand conductor: Mrs. S. Atkin
son. W. P.; Mrs. Johnson, W. V. I.: Mrs.
H. Williams, W. F. S.; Mrs. R. Hewitt,
W. T. : Mrs. R. Meadows, W. R. S.; Mrs.
Phoebe Williams, W. Ist C; Mrs. M. A.
Henwood, W. 2d C; Mrs. A. Price, W. I.
G.; Mrs. E. Harrison, W. Ch.; Mrs M.
a native attendant. Coming to a par
ticularly inviting river, the officer re
solved to have a bath, and asked the
native to show him a place where there
were no alligators. The native took
him to a pool close to the estuary. The
officer thoroughly enjoyed his dip. and
while drying himself, he asked his
guide why there were never any alli
gators in that pool. "Because, sar."
promptly replied the Cingalese, 'they
plenty 'fraid of shark."
LEADING COAL DEALERS.
The Well Known Firm of J. C. Wil-
son & Co. at 900 Battery Street.
The firm of J. C. Wilson & Co., coal
dealers at 000 Battery street, is one of
the oldest and most reliable enterprises
of its kind in Ran Francisco. The "co
partnership was established some
thirty years ago by the late Captain
J. C. Wilson and Joseph Macdonough,
but since that time the firm has been
duly incorporated.
The firm handles the best known
coals in the market, and is agent for
the well-known Australian Co-opera
tive Wallsend, the only co-operative
coal on the market to-day and famous
for its gas and steam producing prop
erties. The handling of Pennsylvania
anthracite, such as the W'ilkesbarre
egg coal, is a specialty. This coal is
very popular as a steam producer.
The firm supplies coal in large quan
tities to various departments of the
United States Federal service, and to
many State institutions. In its yards
are kept all well-known brands of
foundry coke and pig iron, as well as
the finer grades of coke used for metal
lurgical purposes.
The business of J. C. Wilson & Co. is
very extensive, and heavy shipments
to interior points are made each year.
The firm supplies all the larger and
more prominent gas companies, foun
dries, etc., in the State. The local trade
of the firm is very large, it numbering
among its customers many of the best
known families in San Francisco.
The yards of the firm are located at
the northeast corner of Vallejo and
Battery streets. An immense stock
capable of meeting every requirement
is kept constantly on hand. About 75,
000 tons of coal are annually handled
by the concern.
The president of the firm is J. C.
Wilson, son of its founder; James B.
Smith is vice president and manager
and John R. Smith is the secretary.
The directors are Mrs. Agnes Wilson,
widow of Captain Wilson, and G. R.
Lukens. Tha telephone is Main 1564.
The Count — Ah! ze English tongue,
how eet ees drole! When ze man weesh
to prove hees love for ze lady, he swear
to her. Ze first yare of marriage he
swear by her — and aftalre parbleu! he
swear at her. — Brooklyn Life.
A well-known collector once paid £100
for a single leaf with which to make his
first folio of Shakepeare a perfect copy.
A complete copy of this famous volume,
issued noarlv three centuries ago at about
a sovereign, has been sold for £98. But
Jewit, W. O. G.; Mrs. H. Williams, O.;
Mrs. E. J. Williams. W. P. P. After he
ceremonies Mrs. Williams, the retiriii.?
president, was presented by the lodge a
handsome gold badge, emblematic of the
order, the presentation being by Mrs.
Staples.
THE JUNIORS.
The joint smoker recently given in the
hall of Abraham Lincoln Council was a
great success and the programme present
ed was one that was highly enjoyed ov
those who were present. A feature ot
the programme was "Ma Honolulu
Lady."
Lincoln Council is gaining in member
ship, and what it is doing in that line is
creating jealousy In other councils.
The several local councils will soon be
requested to name whist teams to com
pete against that of Lincoln Council in a
series of matches.
At the last held meeting of Lincoln
Council it was stated that the proposed
legislation to restrict undesirable immi
gration meets the approval of the mem
bership.
CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Nevada City Council has received eight
more petitions, making twenty within two
weeks.
Last Thursday night Social Council ini
tiated ten candidates. Pacific Council had
six candidates to initiate last Friday.
Crystal Council has three petitions, and
Eveline Council of Chico nan one candi
date to initiate. Grand Recorder "Wallis
will leave to-day for Jackson to visit
Jackson Council.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Past Grand Chief Ranger Orfila has or
ganized a court at Globe, Ariz., with
sixty charter members. At the institu
tion there were forty-two applications
fur n'< mbership. J. C Evans i;- the chief
ranger, R. McClay financial secretary and
Thomas A. Carpenter recording- secre
tary. The past chief ranger expects to
organize two more courts before the close
of the year.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The Christmas tree social given by
Loyal Circle was one of the most enjoy
able affairs ever given by this wideawake
circle. After the distribution of the pres
ents that were on the tree there was
dancing until midnight.
Washington Circle, at its last held meet •
Ing, elected officers for the ensuing term.
THE PALACE HOTEL.
A Magnificent Fireproof Structure
Famous the World Over.
To the tourist from every quarter of
the globe who visits San Francisco
there is one hotel with the name of
which he is familiar and that is the
Palace Hotel. Having in the past
sheltered the crowned heads of many
countries, heirs-apparent to many
powerful European and Asiatic thrones,
representatives of the proudest aristoc
racy of Europe, Presidents of the
United States, public officials of promi
nence and individuals famous in litera
ture, art and science, the Palace stands
to-day among the famous caravan
saries of the world, and an institution
of which every San Franciscan may
well feel proud.
In the magnitude of its equipment
and the completeness of its magnificent
service the Palace stands without a
peer. Its superb court, its commodious
apartments and its unrivaled cuisine
have been repeatedly described, and
each guest on returning to his home
beyond the seas tells the story over
again. Since the consolidation of the
Palace and Grand Hotels the business
of the Palace has increased wonder
fully and at the present writing it
shows no sign of diminishment.
One of the principal features which
appeals to the traveling public more
than any other is the absolute safety
against fire enjoyed by the guests of
the Palace. In the extensive improve
ments made in the past five years,
which virtually amounted to a recon
struction of the interior of the hotel,
every precaution was taken to render
the building absolutely fireproof. With
this great consideration constantly in
view every safeguard against fire was
employed, so that to-day the Palace is
the only absolutely fireproof hotel in
San Francisco.
The features which commend the
Palace to the public are its superbly
equipped grill room, its banquet rooms,
in which many of the notables of the
world have been dined, its splendid
cuisine and matchless service. Its
suites are richly furnished, airy and
commodious and all of them are pro
vided with baths, a feature which
no other hotel in San Francisco
possesses. The parlors of the Palace
are extremely rich in finish and ap
pointments and are not excelled in
beauty and general artistic effect by
similar apartments In the palaces of
Kensington or Berlin. No expense has
been spared in securing the comfort of
guests, and the result is apparent in
the magnificent business which the
Palace and Grand Hotels to-day enjoy.
it was full of defects, many of the leaves
being in fae-simile, and the celebrated por
trait of Shakespeare being only a reprint.
A complete and perfect copy such as is
possessed by the Baroness Burdett-
Coutts, would realize quite £1000 in the
open market.
M. EHRMAN & GO.
IMPORTERS AND
Wholesale Grocers,
104, 106, 108 and HO
FRONT STREET,
San Francisco, Cal.
— ______
4*4*4*
■ :■'■'' ' 4* .-■■ ''. ■ '.•■/■"
"v COLD
Is offered fop the best rhyme of
50 lines— more op less, quality
considered — fop PALMATINE,
the rhyme to belong to the
manufacturers of PALMATINE.
Paid promptly on acceptance.
You will see it published. Open
to everyone, and you can get a
small package of PALMATINE at
your grocers and read up.
Write us a rhyme and win
$20. Come one! Come all!
PALMATINE is the coming
soap-powders Quality better
than the very best.
DEALERS SUPPLIED BY THE
SAN FRANCISCO CANDLE CO.
402 Front Street.
TELEPHONE : US.
N.OHLANDT&CO.,
n -l . -^ I?
MANUFACTURERS AND DEALERS IN
Animal and Willow
FACTORY: '....\«,n9r003l«««
Indiana
-d IVORY BLACK,
st Y l BONE ASH,
Streets, DUINL MOn,
POTRERO. « "„. -m T '., '".fj- i
POTRERO Fertilizers, Neat Foot
Oil, Tallow, Etc., Etc.
Ull, idilUWj Elv.j LIU
SAN FRANCISCO . . CAL.
_ mm _ ■ nil STEEL MB fi —^ H iBHk BB IV R 1 4fTl HH
Ei ■ iaiAnn ALLSTEEL riri n pmnr
LLWOOD woven FIELD FENCE,
L POULTRY AND RABBIT FENCE, LAWN FENCE AND CRIB FENCE.
' f UWCt « \
Absolute efficiency at least expense. urn*.- / \ / \ / \ / \ / \ /\|j^/\ /_
A practical fence that will ixch. \/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/ | \/\i
positively turn cattle, M|(|eft A/\ A /\ /\ AAA A A « AVI
horses, hogs ana niwi ■ VWVVv VvVWV'VV'WvVV VVvv * 'YYYi
pigs A fence . \/ v ■ \y \j vv v \ y\/v\/\/'j v\/v/\/\/\/\/\./\/-Miifc/ vxa
that is strong, . A XX /iwI A AA A A/yVV\ /y A^AAAA/iAAa/mBiAA/
practically ever - pMM
iastin g' p rov : n
thoroughly effi-
cient under - ELLWOOD field FENCE (suaaani stji*v.
every possible
condition. EVERY ROD OF ELLWOOD FENCE IS GUARANTEED.
If you want your fencing problems satisfactorily solved, call and see the
ELLWOOD FENCE and let us show you for how little money you
can get absolute satisfaction.
AMERICAN STEEL AND WIRE CO.
• Pacific Coast Agency,
GEO. H. ISMON, Agent, 225-227 Fremont St., San Francisco, Cal.
VINEYARD. AND WINERY:
j MT. HAMILTON ROAD,
SANTA CLARA COUNTY, CAL.
Mi Hamilton Vineyard
. and Winery, ~~
 ■ . ...JOHN L. KOSTER, Proprietor... . :'
OFfice: 327 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
4fc^ $ J&" CIVE Yo\/
/\SKfOR|TI
A. B. PERRY & CO.,
IMPORTERS AND DEALERS IN
PLATE,
I WINDOW 1
AND
Ornamental Glass,
AND MANUFACTURERS OF
FRENCH plain
* and
MIRRORS. BEVELED
11l FRONT STREET, San Francisco.
; TELEPHONE— MAIN 936.'
&Co.>»g>.
(£ "PATENTS! 21
I XSf33O MARKET ST. Sf.SSS< |
UNION
Pulp "'Paper Go.
427-429 SANSOME ST.
501-509 CLAY ST.
Telephone— Main 352.
cr^gah) STERLING BOND
sole STERLING LINEN
AGENTS: STERLING LEDGER
/^ STERLING MANILA
DEPOT OF SOUTH COAST AND LEBANON PAPER MILLS.
Weak Men and Women %
HOULD ' USE ' DAMIANA BITTERS. THifl
,'-', great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength .to sexual organs. ; Depot, 823 Market. ■BEAUTIFUL TECOLOTE RANCHO.
A Charming Spot Which Is the Pride of a Prorrjinent Attorney of San Francisco.
With the professional men of Cali-
fornia who have won 'wealth by the
C their talents and Industry.
the ownership of ranches which are
«use of their extent,
raphlcal beauty, or adapt:-.
ultural, breeding or grazing
purposes, is rapidlj ng a fad.
Nearly i v. ry man <>f net- in the his-
t of th< State h.-is i .. in-
■ y with v.hit h his name
I it is this,
which has accentuated the
fame of California properties abroad
by giving to the world staple products
of ir- value in a eomirn
in the industrial progress ..f the
■
of the most idyllic spots in the
pout). : ■ of California is Tecolote
iwned by Thomas B, Bishop.
f!'" well-known attorney of this city.
it is a tract of 950 acres on the Bea
■ thirteen miles north of Santa
ara, and embraces nearly the
■a <>f the cel< ■ • olote
■!■•• The la from the
r:i t" the high Sierras, and/forms
'f the finest bodies of lanb\ from
Ipoini of natural beauty, tv be
. in the State.
Every visitor to Santa Barbara re-
■ Ing tour Incomplete
■ • .;•
■1 Ired. It has
the frequent subject of flatt
artli .• ■ . ■ iteru
rs, and Its charms have of
upon and il scribed. [(
Is magnificently woodi d, and frum its
i superb \ i' w s
•■ surrounding country, of the
I Sauia Barbara channel, across
a clear day the beautiful isl
whlct> border it on the south can
bi plainly Been, and of the ru
• its of the high Sierras which to
■ . : : iU ■ utllned against
the :-ky.
It is a charming spot whose beauty
be beheld In order th.it it may
NOTED SHIPWRIGHT.
The Career and Achievements of Wil
liam A. Eoole.
In local shipping circles there is no !
■ ■■!■ or more favorably . wn
Than that of Wililai.. Boole, the vet
shipwright, at 219 Steuart street.
1 with the craft for forty
. ' ' achievements are
ad when the history of
ling ::. - lalifornia comes to be
- : :• . will occupy a promi- ;
n< nt pi i the recital.
Mr. B ile is a native of Shelbo i
Novi ;. : v. s born 66
He was b studious lad, and
. veloped a fondness
tide in the handling of i
is. which ultimately led to his'
>ing api ' -im Hall, the
known shipbuilder of Boston. H
tied his trade thoroughly in Hall's
■ LBSB the atti
mia drew him toward San Fran
•■ r a Bhort period spent in the
de returned to this city
pairing in j
. need that ship
here was soon t.> become a |
1 industry, Mr. Boole, in 1861,
■ i a business in a small way.
. i t long before his skill was
:.iztd, and in less than a year h<^
i ■ gnlzed in local
. md repa ring.
In " took a ] irtner, and
■ ■ ars the firm of Mid 11-
;onducted a highly pros
.-.: ss. Mr. Mfddlema
is succeeded by Wil
:\. "<■■ c Jr. ess of the
• i by baru work and
dets .-. its trade
Is to all the leading and mer
on the coast and all the
1 !g tugs plying the waters of the bay.
• ;■■ nd his Bon are ex
tl . rait being that their Ber
■inily in demand- They
dtngly popular in Bhipping
i their efforts have contribut
b tl ■• pd»r Son Francisco one of
ling seal of the world.
FAMOUS BALLASTKEN.
The Weil-Known Local Firm of
Eschen & Minor.
The proper ballasting of vessels is an
art Tin less important to the seaman's
craft than is the proper adjustment of
the compass in the binnacle prior to the
rture of a vessel for a distant port.
ess ntial to th-> safety of the
■', and the iivt-s uf her crew as the
other, and they «"ho excel In perfecting
tfeguards of either are equally en
titled to the gratitude of men.
As stevedores and ballast men the
firm of Eschen & Minor, located at the
foot of Mission street, is widely dis
tinguished. The firm is composed of v
Captain J. C. Eschen and Captain' R.
Minor, both of whom are experts In
their line. The business was estab
lished in 1853 by the late Captain Peter
Robinson] who continued to manage its
affair.-? until 1887, when Captain Kechen
became a partner by the purchase of
an Intel I On Captain Robinson's
death in ISOI he was succeeded by Cap
tain Minor. Since that time the firm
of Eschen & Minor has become promi
nent in hipping cjrejes, and to-day
these gentlemen are among the most
popular along the water front.
The business of the copartnership Is
confined exclusively to the loading and
unloading of vessels, and the placing
of ballast in the holds of vessels de
signed for the transportation of wheat
from the north. The stone used for
ballasting la taken from Telegraph
Hill and its. proper distribution Is ac
complished only by the exercise of the
nicest skill. Among the best known
vessels which have been ballasted by
thf firm may be mentioned the Royal
Fort, William Tell, Dlttpn and many
otheis.
The appliances for the loading and
unloading of vessels employed by the
firm are of the very best patterns, so
that promptness and efficiency are in
sured. Employment is constantly giv
en to from ten to one hundred men,
v.-ho receive from 53 to $6 a day In
•wages. The employment of such a
force is a sufficient indication of the
firm's prosperity.
MARINE RAILWAY.
Extensive Concern Controlled by the
Ship-Building Firm of Messrs.
, Hay & Wright
The firm name of Messrs. Hay &
Wright, the shipbuilders at 36 Stewart
itreet, is known not only to every sailor
That ,-kiins the distant seae, but v> cv-
«ry Han Franciscan who keeps in tou< h
if with th« Industrial progress of the city.
Tlic operations Of the firm, extending
: i y da over ■'< period of many years,
have assisted in rearing up a repu
tation for it enjoyed by do concern in
Ihc same line on the Pacific Coast.
As builders of ships Messrs. Hay &
Wright enjoy widespread- distinction.
Jn the construction of sailing, vessels
of every description the firm has been
very active during the past few years,
and were their productions to be massed
THE fIVENUE OF OA^S.
be fully appreciated and admired. The
county read up the c-uast toward
Gavlota crosses the property near its
southern end Turning from the road
inut the propertj toward the south and
following the course of the stream,
passing under noble live oak.-;, you
. in a few hundred yards, to a
beautiful ocean beach, on which the
property bord< rs tor about half a mile.
This beach extends up and down the
ten or fifteen mil< s and, lilse
the beach at the Cliff House, at low
tide makes a perfeci road for driving.
On either side of xhr creek going to
ward the ocean, the land opens out Into
high, wide nu sas <•( nt;-- agricultural
land with lofty bluff banks next to th>>
beach. From almost ;;!1 parts of these
mesas most beautiful views can be ob
t tied of the channel and its surround
ing islands and of the Sierra Madres.
Returning back to the county road,
i rossing it and ascending the valley,
the road win. is up the canyon al >ns
i!.- creek, through a beautiful natural
park to the ranch house.
The word "Tecolote" signifies "Little
Ih. review along the water front, a ma
jestic de st might greet the eye. In the
repairing of vessels which sail to
and from this port the firm enjoys a
lucrative business. Its work is the
most complete and its prices most sat
isfactory — two essential factors which
have served to lift it far above its
competitors.
The yards of the firm are located on
Alameda Point, where, in addition to
ship-building and repairs, the manufac
ture of dredgers, both clamshell and
hydraulic, is a leading feature, of the
business. In connection with this en
terprise is the maintenance of the Pa
cific Marine Railway, on which many
of the best known vessels on the Pa
cific: Coast; have been docked. The
equipment of the yards is first class
and in many respects unrivaled. The
weekly payroll of employes reaches
over $2000.
Th'- efficient president of the ship
building company is Captain Alexander
An experience of over twenty
years has made him a master of the
craft, and the great success enjoyed by
the firm is to be attribtuted to his many
.-!• rling qualities, coup] d with business
sagacity and conservative manage
ment-
MESSRS. GUTTE & FRANK.
Representatives of Leading Fire and
Marine Insurance Companies.
Among the underwriters of San Fran
cisco none occupy o. more prominent
position than Messrs. Gutte & Frank,
having for the last twenty-five years
had only the representation of sterling
companies with a world-wide reputa
tion.
,The Magdeburg Fire Insurance
Spanking by Means of a Mechanical Device
SPANKING is in vogue at the reformatory at Buena
Vista, Col., and Warden Hovt reports it a grand success,
bo effectual that the prisoners who once acted like des
peradoes and brutes when they were obliged to conform
• ■ ntl<-s now behave themselves like real gentlemen.
AVarden C, P. H"yt, the inventor of the idea, states that it
is not copyrighted or patented, and that therefore the indus
trial school people are at liberty to adopt it if they so desire.
The Kirls are placed in the State home because they are un
ruly to the point of incorrigibility, in the hope that their ref
ormation will be effected before they become hopelessly incor
rigible.
Since Warden Hbyt exploited the details and results of his
c i.i liking system at the reformatory, Hie board Las discussed
it iti all its phases until they have about reached the conclu
sion that the plan is a good thing and is worthy at lea±>t of a
trial, though just when it will be formally adopted is not
known.
At the Girls' Industrial School of Kansas, situated at T?p
loit. tl. v have what is called a spanking chair. Lad girls
ure strapped in the chair. An attendant presses a button, and
tht chair does the rest. The Kansas authorities will be asked
Company (occupying its own building
in New York) has paid in fifty-three
years 1108,723,411 M in losses to its pol
icy holders all over the world, and
holds for the protection of its vast
clientage I&O08.K4 29 in available as
sets, "f which nearly < ne million of dol
lars is securely Invested in the United
fSt&t&s.
In the marine department we find the
Wilhelma of Magdeburg, with assets
of 18,739,377 -•'>. and the Associated As- 1
■<• Companies, Limited, of Munich
and Berlin, with assets of $7,003,216 07.
Th( se oampantea do a large share of
the marine business of this port. In
suring vessels, freights, cargoes,
profits, treasures, registered mail and
se matt* r t > and from all ports of
the world, and makes policies payable
at places required by the assured.
Honorable and prompt dealing is the
watchword of the firm and the founda
tion of the unparalleled success of
these companies.
De Lano Bros.
Among the prominent firms identi
fied with the shipping industry of Bi ■
Frani Isco is th;tt of De Lano Bros., the
prominent brass, copper and sheet
il workers at 21 Spear street. The
firm niak-s a specialty of marine work
and does a very large jobbing business
The superiority of their workmanship
has been frequently demonstrated and
is always in evidence on the principal
ocean liners and the steamers pf thu
various .steamship companies in this
port. The menlbers of the !:rm are very
popular in shipping circles.-
Hobson— How . did you enjoy your
summer trip, Bagley?
Bagley— Had a delightful time. Gained
130 pounds.
Hobson — One hundred and thirty
pounds! 1 don't believe it.
Bagley — Don't you? Well, here it
cc-rnes down the street- Just wait a
moment arid I'll introduce you.^-'jS.
Bob (to Tommy, who has just been
spanked)— Tommy!
Thomas— Yes.
Bob— Don't you wish you were an
ironclad?— Harper's Ba*ar.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18. 1898.
A VISTA OF PALMS.
A FAMOUS CONCERN.
Weil-Known Coppersmith and Plumb-
ing House of C. W. Smith.
Conspicuous among the old estab
lished businesses on the water front is
the coppersmith and plumbing house
of C. W. Smith, located at 16 and 18
Washington street. The house was es
tablished by Mr. Smith in lt>sl. and by
untiring effort he succeeded in building
j up a magnificent trade which, at the
time of his death three years ago, was
not equaled by any similar concern on
;!,- Pacific Coast.
The management of the vast busi
ness, which is still conducted under the
name of its founder, is now in the ca
pable hands of his widow, Mrs. Smith.
Associated with her as manager is H.
Blythe. of the well-known lumber firm
of Blythe & Trott. The general superln
;.t is Joseph F"X. one of the best
known practical coppersmiths in the
city.
Ever since the business was founded j
spe< ial attention was paid to steamboat j
and ship work, in which line the house
practically enjoys a monopoly. The
work performed on the ships embraces
pvery branch known to the trade. In
the local trade the manufacture of still
worms, brew-kettles and heaters is a
specialty with this house.
The workshop is admirably equipped
with all the latest and best machinery j
lary to the operations of a first ;
duns establishment of the kind. In the i
pasi two ytars many improvementshave j
been inaugurated which serve to make
the output of the firm especially ser
viceable and complete. Only the best
mechanics in the various branches are
employed, thus insuring a careful at-
in a few dnys to explain this system, and if it is »atisfa.ctory
to the local authorities a spanking chair will be purchased
for the Colorado institution At the Colorado State Reforma
tory the prisoners are strapped across a barrel when they are
to be spanked
'T favor the spanking system for all penal institutions,"
satd Warden lloyt. "I make no exceptions. A good, healthy,
oia-fasbiooed spanking is the best thine in the world for peo
ple, male or female, who refuse to behave themselves. I will
guaranlea that a half dozen doses ably administered will cure
the worst case of incorrigtbility they have got out at the In
dustrial school. If 1 had charge of that place I would co to
tlios* five friiis who are now locked up in the dungeon and
say to them: 'Look here, girls, I am goinj: to let you out of
here. Tht-ri; will be no more dungeons and no more bread and
water, but I want it distinctly understood that you will have
to abide by the rules of the place, or there'll be trouble.'
Then 1 would select threepf the five and tell them just what
that trouble would consiST of. The first one or the three that
showed the hast sign of failure to come up to the discipline
would be called on the carpet and spanked real hard with a
pine puddle. I would allow the other bad girls to witness the
operation, and s'je for themselves that I meant business. 1
feel sure that six spankings will cure the most fractious and
disobedient girls."
tentlon to details. The success of the
firm is the result of wise management
and that it enjoys the confidence of the
community is attested by its immense
business.
—■♦ . .
"A Noted Medium With Divine Gift
of Healing."
The intelligent public who are inter
ested in spiritualism are anxiously look
ing forward to Mrs. J. J. Whitney's free
test meeting at Metropolitan Temple
en Sunday, January 1. Mrs. Whitney
by her marvelous work in this line has
done more to convince skeptics than
any one in the United States. She is
doubly qualified to do this work. For
Kb.- nut only has the divine gift, but
possesses second sight, inherited from
a Quakeress mother and a Scotch Pres
byterian father-
Mrs. Whitney's elegant apartments
at 232 Stockton street are constantly
crowded with people anxious to obtain
her advice. Mrs. Whitney's spirit
guide always proves infallible in diag
nosing diseases. "She can see straight
through us," said one f Mrs. Whitney's
patients, This is literally what she
does. So the source of the trouble de
termined, of course the cure follows.
She always has a staff of physicians
and nurses in attendance. Her electric
batteries and appliances have all the
modern improvements. Her success in
the treatment of diseases is really phe
nomenal. Where other physicians fail
utterly she effects a permanent cure.
Her correspondence is unlimited and
her advice by letter is eagerly sought.
Systems that have been racked by
medicine and refuse to take chemicals
yield to her process. The pores absorb
the medicines and herbs, many of which
she has imported from India and other
foreign lands.
Mrs. Whitney is indorsed by the
Board of the California State Society
of Spiritualists and by the Spiritual So
ciety of the United States aild Canada.
She was unanimously chosen as the
represi ntative delegate from California
to the national convention of spiritual
ists at Washington, D. C. This was an
honor which she deserved in the light
of her remarkable successes and none
disputed it.
Mrs. Whitney is a constant champion
Owl.** This name was probably given
to the canyon by the native Califor
nians on account of the great number
of these birds that "were formerly to
be found upon the property, and Mr.
Bishop, after he came into possession
of it, retained the name of the canyon
as the name of his ranch. The canvon^
is appropriately named, because it re- .
sembles in shape a perched owl.
A beautiful living stream of cold,"*
clear water traverses the ranch-*
through its entire length, and its pres-^
ence is invaluable for the purpose to
which Mr. Bishop has ror the present"*
devoted the property — that of stock--<
rais.ng. A
The natural beauty of the ranch is
accentuated by its magnificent forest." 1
r.f wide spreading oaks, which extends*
frum within 100 yards of the sea beach,
to the mountains. As the valley as
cends into the mountains, the foliage*
becomes more dense, and many of the
trees are covered by climbing vines,
which h.Tve entwined themselves
among the branches with that artistic'
of the good that can be accomplished
in her profession. But she never fails
to denounce the frauds and impostors
who are constantly destroying people's
faith in the genuine.
Mrs. Whitney ascribes her success to
one fact: "I am a born medium— not
made," she says. *
GRAND HOTEL BAR.
One of the Model Resorts of the Pa-
cific Coast.
San Francisco is remarkably well
equipped in respect to resorts where
business men, mining men. society gen
tlemen, club members and bon-vivants
daily gather to discuss the affairs of
the day over the brimming glass, but
none enjoys the widespread and envi
able fame that attaches to the Grand
Hotel bar, which is operated by E. J.
Foster and "Ned" Fay under the firm
name of Foster & Fay.
These gentlemen, who are masters in
their art, are deservedly popular among
their patrons, who represent the best
known men in local business and min
ing circles. With the latter class the
Grand Hotel bar has become a favorite
rendezvous. The equipment of the bar
is perfect in every respect, and all its
appointments are elaborate and com
plete. - . ,
Mr Foster was for years connected
with" the Cliff House and "Ned" Fay
was for thirteen years manager of the
Palace Hotel bar. They have labored
hard to please their patrons and suc
cess has rewarded their efforts.
■« ♦ ■ —
"Papa," said Tommy Tredway. "Now,
Tommy," replied Mr. Tredway, "I
shall answer only one more question
to-day. So be careful whut you ask."
"Yes, papa." "Well, go on." "Why
don't they bury the Dead Sea?"—
Household Words.
James A. McMahcn, Bridgs Builder.
One of the leading contractors In San
Francisco is James A. McMahon, the
well known builder of wharves, bridges
and massive structures of every de
scriptiun. Mr. McMahon has been in
business here for twenty-five years,
and in thut time has earned an envia
ble reputation in his line.
Mr. McMahoQ has done a vast
amount <rt work for the Harbor Com
missioners. He constructed the Pa
cific-street wharf, one of the best and
most substantial wharves ever built.
The piles are incased in steel cylinders
filled in with concrete, by which the
term of their serviceability is material
ly increased. Other notable achieve
ments of his are pier No. 12 of the Fol-
BOm-street wharf and Broadway wharf
2. He also erected recently an im
mense beet-sugar plant at Salinas.
Mr. McMahon has done an immense
amount of bridge building, railroad
grading and plllner in various parts of
the State. He is well and favorably
known in consequence.
The Occidental Hotel.
One of the best-known hotels in San
Francisco, whose fame is deservedly
world wide, is the Occidental, located
on Montgomery street, between Bush
and Sutter. It is especially popular
among tourists from South and Central
America and '.he Orient. Major Hooper,
the genial proprietor is in every way
qualified to sustain the fine reputation
his institution has pained. Improve
ments made from time to time have
rendered it essentially a family hotel,
and in this respect it excels. Its ap
pointments are of the latest and best
and its cuisine is justly celebrated for
its superb quality. The service Is first
class in every respect.
Major Hooper is a respected Grand
Army veteran, and his house is the
recognized headquarters for the soldiers
of the Rebellion. Many notable gather
ings that are a part of the history of
San Francisco have taken place within
its walls.
effect win 'n nature knows how best
to accomplish. The marvelous handi
work of nature is seen at every turn
ing when pew pictures unfold to the
view, prospects that rest the eye with
their beauty and impress the soul with
their sublimity.
Mr. Bishop is reported to be the for
tunate possessor of many broad acres
in California, but those who know best
this busy and successful lawyer, whose
indefatigable industry has been the
subject of comment among his profes
sional associates for years past, say
that lovely Tecolote is the very apple
of his eye, and that he longs for the
day when he can take his well-earned
rest beneath its lovely shades and
along its beautiful beach listening to
the music of "the far resounding sea."
BITUMINOUS PAVING.
Its Superiority Demonstrated by the
City Street Improvement Co.
The leading bituminous rock paving
concern on the Pacific Coast is the
City Street Improvement Company,
the offices of which are located in the
Mills building. The company was in
corporated in :: r ay, IS9I, and since that
time its operations have extended all
over the State.
The officers of the company are: J.
W. McDonald, president; W. E. Den
nison, secretary, • and Colonel G. H.
Mendell, consulting engineer. The di
rectors are: .*. Dutard, C. B. Stone,
T. B. Bishop, J. W. McDonald and W.
E. Dennison.
The company makes a specialty of
the performance of all kinds of street
work, bridges and railway construc
tion, wharves, jetties and seawalls. It
owns extensive bituminous rock mines
at San Luis Obispo, Kings City, Mon
terey County, and Santa Cruz. The
.product of these mines is excellent and
is held in the highest favor wherever
"used.
■ The confidence of the public in the
.City Street Improvement Company is
attested by the immense amount of
"work now being done in all parts of
■the State. It is the only company in
.the State which uses a five-ton roller
and guarantees its work for five years.
"Quite recently the company paved
■Market street with bitumen, and the
-excellence of the work has been the
subject of high comment by experts.
The superior quality of this work has
■demonstrated the utility of bitumen for
■ paving purposes, and the result is
.that the output of the company's
mines has been largely increased.
The company has branch offices at
Oakland, Stockton, Sacramento and
Marysville, in all of which cities it has
performed extensive street work. Its
operations in this city have been of
that satisfactory character that in
sures a largely increased patronage
during the coming year.
MURPHY, GRANT & CO.
The Oldest and Best Known Dry
Goods Firm on the Coast.
Among the business concerns whose
history is contemporaneous with the
growth of San Francisco from village
to metropolis is the dry goods house of
Murphy, Grant & Co. at the corner of
Bush and Sansome streets. Its exten
! sive trade entitles it to the distinction
of ranking among the largest dry goods
concerns of the United States.
The firm was established in 1851 by
Eugene Kelly, J. A. Donohoe, Daniel
T. Murphy and Adam Grant. In 1867
enlarged quarters were necessary, and j
in that year the firm removed to its !
present location, where during the cur- ' :
I rent year an additional story to the ''
j building and two electric elevators were !
added. Its trade extends over the en
tire coast. Central America, the islands
of the Pacific, Australia, China and
Japan. Its volume of business is the
largest of any dry goods house west of
Chicago. Among the business houses
of San Francisco it stands in the front
rank.
Cafe Royal Billiard Hall.
The favorite billiard hall in San
Francisco, and in fact the only one
worthy the name, is the Cafe Royal,
in the Flood building at the corner of
Fourth and Market streets. This popu
lar resort is managed by Messrs.
Hornlein & Krumb with consummate
ability, and they have succeeded in
making it d model establishment of
its kind.
The Cafe Royal has many features
which recommend it to the popular
taste. The bar, one of the handsomest
on the Pacific Coast, is equipped in
excellent style, an# a specialty is
made of the best brews, which are kept
on tap. Light lunches are served at
all hours, day or night. Another fea
ture of the resort is the small com
partments where gentlemen may en
joy refreshments in private. Beautiful
paintings adorn the walls, and, combin
ed with the superior furnishings,
they serve to render the place highly
attractive. To tho manipulators of
the ivories and those who enjoy the
best liquid refreshments to be found in
the city, the Cafe Royal possesses su
perior attractions.
An Extensive Bookbindery.
The well-known bookbindery of J. B.
Mclntyre, located at 422 Commercial
street, is confessedly the largest insti
tution in that branch of business on
the Pacific Coast. Established about
twenty-five years ago, its business has
steadily increased from year to year, so
that to-day it stands without "a rival
in the city.
Mr. Mclntyre is an expert in his line,
and he makes a point of looking after
all of the multitudinous details of his
business. It is this close attention to
affairs which has raised Mr. Mclntyre's
business to the eminence it has reached.
A specialty is made of fine ruling and
bindipg of ledgers, journals and day
books. The facilities for the perform
ance of this work are unequaled. A
large force of employes is constantly
employed.
ORIGIN OF THE MAGIC WORD
"COCKTAIL"
"Few people," says a writer in Pear
son's London Weekly, "are aware of
the origin of the magic American word
'cocktail,' the mere utterance of which
is sufficient to bring a look of happi
ness to the features of ny wella-condi
tioned American citizen. The word
comes from Mexico, where pulque, a
kind of liquor obtained from the cactus,
is the national tipple. The Aztec word
for pulque is pronounced 'octel,' and
the Amt?riean army which under Gen
eral Scott invaded Mexico some fifty
years ago corrupted the word into
'cocktail,' and carried it back to the
United States.
"There is a tradition that pulque was
discovered by one of Montezuma's
nobles, who sent it to the Emperor by
the hand of his daughter Octel. The
monarch tasted the liquor, looked at
the maiden, smiled, and thereupon
gulped it down. It not only tickled his
palate, but touched his heart, and X is
reported that he married the girl.
From that day to this the Mexicans
have kept themselves well supplied
with pulque, and when drinking togeth
er invariably look and smile at one an
other before swallowing."
Yankees, the writer tells his English
readers, have adopted a similar custom
when imbibing their whisky, and fre
quently, when desirous of inviting a
friend to take a drink, ask him to take
a "smile."
More than 15,000,000 visits are paid an
nually to London pawnbrokers, or, to
be more exact. 41.100 a day on an aver
age. The number of pledges deposited
throughout the country is said to
amount to 190,000,000 every year.
■ - ; _^^^_ | ____^_ | . I
■•■ ' ■
tb - ■'•• •■■ ' ■ * :
;.t* . ■■' •- .' 1 • - ... ;- tb - /
* nri ip *
* i Hh *
*£* •••111 L-_-_i • • •
■: , U|?
1 tb : '«b
J ■■ Upon Which This Edition : J
* Is Printed *
v r ■ lv i liii iv 14 .
% Was Manufactured by the I
♦ ; _ *
4* *
4* 4&
* ■'■'■* "
it* ,^^ *t»
! pulp i
. ' - -' ' -.'>; *f.
i|i ..AND.. ■ 4.
I PAPER I
4i4 i ■ ■■•■ ■':".-!:> . ' .;• *
♦ 4*
4* ,■■■
i
O ■ ' . . . --^ . _ m _ Q
I W. R, GRACE & CO, |
O^O^O ....INCORPORATED.... O<s>o4>o
| Shipping and !
I Commission Merchants, f
0 BUS '-'? : \r' A^-' :: - : 6
% AND IMPORTERS OF ♦ •
1 PORTLAND CEMENT, §
I PATENT COKE, COAL, WINE AND BEER BOTTLES, .
I NITRATE OF SODA AND SHEEP DIP. o ; *.•"
o j 1 o
RECUL.fi R LINE OF SAILINC VESSELS
<$> -' Antwerp to San hrancisco, also Sailing Vessels from Antwerp <s>
° to Port Los Angeles and Portland, Or. ... <j>
,; ° . .... AGENTS.... 4,
'° SOUTH AMERICAN STEAMSHIP COMPANY, . -J9--,
o THE BANK OF TARAPACA AND LONDON. L'd. o.
Branch Houses in New York, London, Lima,' Valparaiso, : o
;-■--...<;> Caliao, Santiago and Conception. <♦> _
°<B>o-s>O I " ' '■ ' l- : - . OS>O<s-2
I 203 CALIFORNIA STREET, f
o* • o
SAN FRANCISCO.
• >•
0'»0«>0^0<>0*0$>0«0'<>0*OtO^O(«>OrO-3 I OOi O »O<«>O«>O^O^Ov«>O<s>O<»O<^O^o
• TELEPHONE TVIPHN. 5045. '. |
\
EUREKA
WM. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Designers and Builders of All Kinds
of Marine, Stationary, Locomotive,
Straw Burning and Traction Engines. ,
BOILERS, TANKS AND
SHEET-IRON WORK.
SPECIAL ATTENTION PAID TO REPAIRS AND SHIP WORK. .
OFFICE AND WORKS:
113-115 MISSION STREET,
.■■■' : ' SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. . -/
Send the WEEKLY CALL to Your Friends
$t.50 PER YEAR.
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley weaker.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Bran firm. Hay unchanged.
Hoans and Seeds quiet.
Potatoes and Onions steady.
Vegetables firm. : . T:.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Game firm. Poultry <iuif-t.
Citrus Fruits continue dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Larger sales of Wool.
Meat market undisturbed.
Cordage lower.
Bank clearings show a gain.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $15.456,
376. against $16,610,155 for the same week last
year.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 17—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
ste as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in past 24 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 8.53 15.25
1; a Bluff 0.00 ' 3.05 6. 0S
Sacramento 0.00 2.22 4.32
San Francisco 0.00 2.97 4.07
Fresno 0.00 1.81 1.85
Pan Luis Obispo 0.00 0.34 1.57
Los Angeles 0.00 0.24 2.51
Ban Diego 0.02 0.63 1.23
Tumi 0.38 1.32 0.77
LEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST:
San ; Maximum temperature,
<&; minimum temperature, (1; mean, 44.
A very m m is central in the vic
inity of Vancouver Island, which Is moving
cinrth easterly. This is causing light r.iins
mI. !iu the i as fai south as < ,■ II
cino and cloudy weather aa far south as San
Francli re still remains high in
igl it has fallen considerably in
that section within the last 'J4 hours. The
barometer Is falling Blightly at Eureka, hut is
rising ;ii all other points t > the northward.
Lble Cor Bhowers in the
portion of California north of San Fra:-.
but the rainfall will !■•■ light.
ai Mount Tamalsals for 30
hours ending midnight December i\ wv
For Northern California— Cloudy ;mii foggy,
with litdit showers In northwest portion Bun
day; fresh southeast to southwest wind.
F.>r Southern California— Fair Sunday: light
north wind
'artly cloudy In orth portion;
fair in soiiui oortl n Sunday.
For Utah— Fal Sunday,
r Arizona— Fair Sunday.
a] reDon from Mount Tamalpais—
Cloudy: wim! northwest, light; temperature,
14: maximum ten.;
Forecast for Sun Francisco and vicinity —
Cloudy Sunday and probably occasional light
•bowers; fresh southeast to southwest winds.
W. H. HAMMON, Forecast official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Dec 17.— The market to-day
Opened firm with a rise of a point In Union
Pacific. Later the Irregularity in London,
which ha/1 been Ignored in the initial trading,
was an influence locally. There was a sharp i
break In the Vanderbilts— Lake Shore 8, New
York Central and Canada Southern over a
point. Local traction shares were off sharply,
especially Metropolitan and Manhattan. Mis
souri Pacific also weakened decidedly. There
was considerable strength In other spots.
Southern Pacific, Central Pacific, . Denver pre
ferred and Pittsburg, C, C, C. and St. Louis
shares showing firmness. In the second hour
the downward movement was rather uniform.
In the final dealings, however, an improved
tone set In, in which Baltimore and Ohio and
Lake Erie and Western stock recorded sub
stantial advances. The average declines were
less than 1 per cent. The bank statement,
which was more favorable than expected, was
later than usual in making its appearance,
but its Influence helped the closing rally.
This was the largest week on record for
transactions in stocks and bonds,' the sales of
stocks being above four and a quarter mil
lion shares and those of bonus nearly forty
million dollars. The variety of stocks and
bonds dealt In were also greater than ever
before. The market bulged early in the week,
making high record prices, later the movement
was more hesitating and irregular, some stocks |
advancing while others declined. Aside from I
the temporary requirements for January divi
dends, money promises to continue at reason
able rates because of the large trade balance j
In favor of the United States, due to an ex
cess ■•: exports in five months of $343,001
The financial horizon seemed clear, but tie
money and loan market continued to be
watched narrowly; as long as there was no
cause for alarm securities were bought con
fidently. Gross traffic statements were very
gratifying, the feature being the marked in
crease in West-bound tonnage, which Included
a greater percentage of manufactured ariiclrs.
Favorable railway returns from some S2ction3
which have reported a falling off for a long
time aroused considerable cheerfulness and
round amounts of stock were taken in antici
pation of favorable net results. London opera- I
tions were watched with considerable interest
during the week, owing to the varied tendency
of the money market, which showed an ap
preciable hardening toward the close. The dis
position abroad excepting Berlin, however, was
more favorable to American railroads, and the ]
net result of the arbitrage purchases was In !
favor of bulls. The local commission house
business was heavy. Interest largely centered
In railways. The bulls from time to time took
up one stock after another and raised each in i
turn. In most cases to record figures.
The story about the acquisition of the Chi- ;
cago and Alter) by various railroads in each
Instance gave strength to the property sup
posed to have acquired the Alton. Although It
was understood that the property was on pale
on favorable terms, no deal took place as fir
us Ik known, but it Is always the last story j
that finds believers. Among the shares which
have an international market but do not
usually figure to any extent In the local deal
ings were Denver preferred. Norfolk and West
ern preferred an.l Central Pacific. These stocks
were lifted out of the rut and brought promi
nently forward, competing at times with the ;
recognized shares in point of activity. Sugar :
dropped eight points, owing to various interpre- I
tations of the trade situation.
Features of pronounced interest developed in
the bond barket daily and purchases of semi
speculative Issues were in an enormous volume.
Foreigners purchased freely. United Stater, 4s
(coupon) advanced '■.•. the old -is (coupon) and
the new 3s %: the old Is (registered) and Ss
3 «. and the seconds (registered) %in the bid
price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 276,100
chares. Including 14,570 Atchison. 18,295 Central
Pacific, 5900 Burlington, 3SOO Denver and Rio
Grande preferred, 5255 Louisville and Nashville
r '-. Manhattan. 11,160 Missouri Pacific, o«30
New York Central, 3513 Northern Pacific. 14,275
Union Pacific, 16,045 Union Pacific preferred.
8850 St. Paul. 3220 Southern Railway preferr'SJ,
21.132 Federal Steel, 13,842 Federal Steel nre
ferred, 3490 People's Gas, 6350 Sugar, 6785 Ten
nessee Coal and Iron.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlßon 18%| Do 2d prefd 33*4
Do prefd 51 St Louis & S W... 7
Baltimore & Ohio. 62% Do prefd 1F,%
Canada Pacific 85 St Paul 116%,
Canada Southern.. 5«Vi Do prefd 164
Cent Pac 38V4 St P & O m H%
Ches & Ohio 25 Do prefd 170
Chi & Alton 16514 St P II 4 M 173
I hi B & Q 121% So Pacific 31' i
Chi & E 111 56% ISo Railway lOtf
Do prefd *...110 Do prefd 42
Chi G W 11% Texas & Pacific... 16
Chi Inii & L....... 8 Union Pacific 39^
Do prefd 32 Do prefd 71*.
Chi & N W 141?; UPD&G, 2d ast
Do prefd 185 paid liv
C C C & St L 4394 Wabash 8$
Do prefd 95 Do prefd 22%
Del & Hudson 106% Wheel ALE, 4th
Del L & W 14.' ast paid 5%
Den & Rio G 16% Do prefd, 4th ast
Do prefd 66% paid 28%
Erie (new) 14 Hi Express Companies—
Do Ist prefd 87% Adams Ex LOS
Ft Wayne 175 American Ex 144
Gt Nor prefd 133' i United States CO
Hocking Val S% Wells Fargo 125
Illinois Cent 113 : i Miscellaneous — t
Lake Erie & W.... 17% A Cot Oil 33&fc
Do prefd 68 Do prefd 87U
Lake Shore 2)'> Am Spirits Ijk
Louis ft Nash 64 Do prefd.. 3ji^
. Manhattan L 96% Am Tobacco 14014
Mcl St By 190% Do prefd ....12S
Mich Cent 112 Cons Gas 191
Minn *.- St L 29% Com Cable Co 175
Do Ist prefd 97% Col F & Iron 26»i
Mo Pacific 42% Do prefd SI
Mobile & 0hi0.... 30 Gen Electric y2%
Mo X & T Kit Haw Com Co SS
Do prefd 37% Intl Paper .s
N .1 Central... 92 Do prefd '«■.,
N »V Central 128% Laclede Gas 52
N V Chi & St L... 131* Lead 37« i
DO Ist prefd 70 Do |>rer<l 112%
Do 2d prefd 86% Nat Lin OH 5
Nor We • 16% Pacific Mail 42H
No Amer Co 6% People's Gas 1O8?4
No Pacific 41 Pullman Pal ..us
Do prefd 76Ji Silver Certificates . D 94
Ontario & W 17?' Standard R & T... S4»
Or R & Nay 51 Sugar 124
Or Short Line 37% Do prefd 112
Pac C Ist prefd.... SI 14 T C & iron 34"-,
Do M prefd 62 U S Leather 3
Pittsburg 172 Do prefd 08%
Reading 18 US Rubber -,:(„
Do Ist prefd 47 Do prefd 1104
RG \V "<> West Union • (■.,
Do prefd .64 Federal Steel SB%
Rock Island... 10>% Do prefd 73«j-
St Louis & S P.... -' Brooklyn R T Co.. 72%
Do prefd 63
CLOSING BONDS.
X- s 3s 106% N V Central 1*»5..!17',4
U B new 4s reg.... 125*4 N .1 C 55...........:i5
Do coup 125% North Carolina Cs..lis
V S 4s 112% Do 4s li;i
Do coup ;..113H No Pac lsts .....V.7V4
Do 2ds mk Do 3s tS%
US Ss reg 1134 Do 4s 102%
Do oa coup 112% N V C & S L 45..10« V»
District 3.63s ...... .118 Nor & "W 65.. ....127
Ala class A ins Northwest consols.l 43
Do B 10S i Do deb 5s 123
Do C ...." 100 ! O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ....100 O Nay 4s 100
Atchison 4s 99 O S Line 5s term.l 29%
Do adj 4s 7714 1 0 S Line 5s term.. lll
Can So 2ds lii-:-: Pacific 6s of 95. . . .102
C & O 4%s 90 'Reading 4s 86%
Chicago Term 45.. 94% R G W lsts 02
C & Ohio 5s 117% St L & I M Con 55.103%
CH & D 4%s 104% ' St L&S F G 65. 124%
D & R G lsts 110 ISt P Con ...162i*
D & R G 4s 100%|St I 1I 1 C & 1' 15t5..120%
East Term lsts ....107VJ Do 5s 119%
Erie Gen 4s 75%|50 Ry 5s 105%
F W <* D lsts tr.. 84*4' Standard H & T 6s >>2
Gen Elec 5» 107%iTenn new set 35.. 95
G H & S A 65.... 107 Tex Pac L Q lsts. llo
Do 2ds 103 Do Reg Ms .... 47%
H&T Css 11l C P D & (i lsts. 87%
Do con 6s ill abash Ist 5s 113
lowa C ists 106 I Do 2ds 94%
La new consols 4s.lo7%|West Shore 4s 112%
L & N Unl 4s -7- v, ( Centuries 83
Missouri 6s 100 , Do deferred ~\
M X & T 2ds 67% Wis Cent lsts 62%
Do 4s i : „
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 13iOntario 5 00
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 55
Con Cal & Va.... 110 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 42 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry .. 22 Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcross. 1 501 Sierra Nevada .... 87
Homestake 50 00' Standard 155
Iron Silver 70 ! Union Con 14
Mexican 27! Yellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— i Do prefd 60
Call loans 2iff3 Ed Elec Tel 196
Time loans 3ij4iGen Elec prefd ...15!!
Stocks— ! Atch prefd 61,
A T & St Fe If-.. 1 Bonds—
Amor Sugar 124V4 Atchison 4s 98^
Do prefd 111V 3 Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas.... 2*» Allouez Mm C 0.... 5
Bell Tel 276 Atlantic 31
Boston & Albany. 246 Boston & Mont.. -..243%
Boston & Maine. ..l7l Butte & Boston... 6'J»i
Boston L S3 Calumet & Hecla.6lo
Chi Bur & Q m% Centennial 25%
Fitchburg 107 Franklin 17%
Gen Electric ;<3 Old Dominion 31 t a
Mexican Central .. Osceola 70%
N V & N Eng.... 96 IQuincy . . .' 135
Old Colony ls"i; I Tamarack 170
Rut," er 43 Wolverine 31%
Union Pac 39 U i Parrott 2!> s i
West End v.i Humboldt 3%
Do prefd 110 Union Land ll*i
Westingh Elec .... 37- Adventurer Sft
ASSOCIATED BANK'S' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17. -The Financier says:
The New York Clearing-house banks game.i
■ ■ .:. gold liust week, and as offsetting
- of legals were bul (497,600 the net ex
pansion of $2,761,100 in <-as!i provided a reserve
heavy enough for the increase of SI'i.LN.IOU in
deposits, brought about tor the most part by
the loan expansion oi $6,246,500, and left the
banks with $L'3t.',ii7s more cash than they re
ported at the close o; tiie previous week. The
statement does not differ materially from that
exhibit it Is favorable from a banking stand
point, :l.s w:<~ ; :::;•■ out in this analysis last
week, in its deduction that the hanks are find
ing employment for all the excess cash float
ing this way. To what extent the expanding
loans reflect domestic needs Is another matter.
It is highly probable, however, that the cur
rent increase came largely from borrowings in
: to the heavy business being .lone on
the New York Exchange. At the same time
holdings of sterling investments are becoming
larger from .l;iy to day and estimates Of fifty
million are conservative. The latest trade re-
I iris may be interpreted to mean that the ex
pansion which has been a feature Ol the Btate
ments of the New York banks tor sosne weeks
past is not at an en i. Loans are now 573,G0u.
.iger than on October 1 and deposits in
eleven weeks have risen almost $105,000,000. It
Is needless to say that both items are far
ahead of anything ever known in the history
of the banks. Hut with this unprecedented
growth the Clearing-house Institutions to-day
hold about two millions more excess reserve
than reported in October. The gain in cash
for the week is larger than had been pre
dicted. The Interior movement will become
larger as the tirst of the year approaches. If
this proves true we shall probably witness a
continuance of the operations which have
swelled the bank totals of late, otherwise the
demand for funds may curtail to some extent
the available reserve and coincidental^ rtffwt
exchange to the point of gold imports. Some
bank presidents are looking for firmer money
rates after January, hut that they can be
maintained is rather doubtful.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market here to-day was idle but
firm. Americans were most active. New York
prices were a disappointment, hut the market
opened o»er parity and improved gradually,
Closing firm, though somewhat irregular. Union
Pacific was the chief feature on more favorable
views as to the acquisition of the Oregon Short
Line. There was buying also on the reported
acquisition of the Alton line. Discounts were
easier
PARIS, Dec. 17.— Spanish fours closed at 45.06.
LONDON, Deft 17.— Canadian Pacific, b7 7o;7 o ;
Grand Trunk. "■l
iar silver flat. 27 P-16d; money, 3 per cent.
Spanish fours closed at *22 l *.
NKW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,777 barrels; exports, 7143. Quiet and a shade
easier. Winter patents, $3 70@3 S3; winter
straits, $3 43(g.3 55; winter extras, $2 70@2 90;
winter low grades, $2 40©2 63; Minnesota pat
ents, $3 70@4; Minnesota bakers. $2 ga@S.
WHEAT— Receipts, 20,584 bushels; exports,
155,833. Spot easy; No. 2 red, 77% ci. o. b.
afloat. Options, after opening easier on cables,
rallied on adverse Argentine news, only to
suffer a second decline near the close through
' a heavy unloading by scalpers. The close wag
ii r a%c net lower. March, 74%®73%c, closed
74%e. - .
HOPS— Steady; State, common to choice. 1596
crop, 7@Bc; 1897 crop, Il<gl3c; IS9S crop, 19@21c;
Pacific Coast, 1891 crop, 7@Bc; 1597 crop, 12®
13c; IS9B crop, 19© 21 c.
WOOL— Steady; fleece. 17@22c; Texas, ll@l4c
METALS— firm naming the settling price
for leading miners and smelters at the West
quoted lead at $3 55, copper $12 75 and casting
copper $11 62H
1 The Metal Exchange issued no report to-day.
; COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points lower. Sales, 3000 bags, including
! January. $6 65; September, $5 10; October. $6 15.
Spot coffee — Rio. market firm; No. 7 invoice,
6%@6Tic; No. 7 jobbing, 7Vi@7%c; mild, firm;
Cordova, 7%«15c.
| SUGAR— Raw. barely steady; fair refining,
7 r: centrifugal, 96 test. 4%c: molasses sugar.
3 r :sc: refined, steady; mold A, 5%c; standard
A, Be; confectioners' A, Be; cut loaf. T>%c;
crushed. "^e: powdered, 5%c; granulated 5%c;
cube. o'i.c.
Bl TTER— Receipts, KOB packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 16@21c; I'iglns, 21c; fao
tor>'- 12''>14 11 i .\
EGGS— Receipts, 4400 packages. Firm; West
ern, 26c.
DRIED FRTIT.
NEW YORK. Dee. 17.— California dried fruits:
Apples firm, others quiet.
EVAPORATED APFU3S — Common, TijrSc;
prime wire tray, B%c; choice. 9®9%c; fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4@IO%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI llffHc; Moorpark. 14917 c.
PEACHES- Unpeeled, 8%©12% c; peeled, IS®
20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Dec. "Wheat at the opening
evidently felt the heavy realizing that took
place late In yesterday' 8 session. Buyers were
In th» market only after small amounts. Liv
erpool showed closing declines of | S\'sd. May
started %c lower.
Before any support of consequence was given
May declined from 67% cat the opening
to 67% @67% c- Then buyers became plen
tiful. Further confirmation of damage to the
Argentine crop by "rains proved ■ the Incentive
for covering that carried the price up to 67% c
In a very few minutes. Liquidation, in j^hich
heavy longs were prominent, - started, however,
before the price had reached 67V4 and 67% c was
received for only a few lots. Before 11 o'clock
the price had again been forced down to 67c,
and shortly afterward C6?«c was touched, the
low point of the day. Beerhohm's estimated
the world's shipments at 8,000,000 bushels.
Commission houses wen- quite heavy sellers
during the decline. Outsiders were apparently
afraid of a serious slump, and put their hold
ings back on the market while there was yet
time. May fluctuated narrowly around 66% c
until near the close, and closed fairly steady at
66% c.
There was a narrow market In corn. Prices
averaged a little lower, principally in sym
pathy with wheat. May closed %c lower.
Oats were dull and easy within a narrow
range, the market In the main following corn.
May lost %c.
Provisions were slow but fairly steady. The
weakness in grain caused realizing by longs
and selling by packers, but all offerings were
taken and :>rlees did not yield much. The
close was steady, with the declines all re
covered. May pork dosed f>c higher and lard
and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
• Articles— • : . Open. High. Low. .-" Clove.
Wheat No. 2— . . ...
December GR , Gfs',i fi.-i>, 65%
May r,:K fi"»i 66"* 66%
July 65? i 65Tg ' 64* i 64%
Corn No. 2—
December :.. 34V4 34U .13', 3«
May 3."i 35 34% 34T&
July ... ; .-..:„. 3. ,5 i -35%;.- 35\i 35V4
Oats No. 2-
December ....' ;..'. - .... 26
May 26-% . -.20% . '.'. 26V4 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel—
I January . 9.32>5 940 ■ 9 324 940 •
May 9 62H 9 674 900 9 67&
Lard, per I*l pounds— ' ' ■■•.-.
January ..........".. ,in 5 i:"« 5 Q7>4 5 121.,
May ...5 30 5 35 5 30 5 32' 3
Short Klbs, per 100 pounds-
January '... 4 C 24 465 4624 465
I May :.... 4SO 485 .4 77Vj 4 52%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady: winter patents, $3 40@3 50;
straights, $3 10G3 20: spring specials, "3 90 /I
spring patents. .$3 2'i'?i3 50; straights. ?: SO® 3;
bakers'. %'l 204^2 40; No. 3 spring ■ Wheat. 62©Sic;
No. 2 red. fiS(i?6oc; No. 2 Corn. 3r-«>i34 ! i i ; No.
2 Oats, 26<g26%c; No. 2 white, 29>4c; No. 3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1808.
white. 2S&e; No. 2 Rye, 54% c: No. 2 Barley,
f. o. b.. 36© 49c: No. 1 Flaxseed. 04; Prime
Timothy Seed, $2 30; Mess Pork, per barrel,
fS 10©8 15; Lard, per 100 pounds. $5 02@5 07%;
Short Rib Sides, loose, $4 75%@4 77%;' Dry
Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4'i@4^c; Short Clear
Sides, boxed, $4 S2{?4 85; Whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26; Sugar, cut loaf,
5.95 c; granulated, 5.45 c.
Articles— . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 34,000 44,000-
Wheat, bushels :... 167,000 8.000
Corn, bushels 367.000 63,000
Oats, bushels .......343,000 166,000
Rye, bushels 22 000 20,000
Barley, bushels 95.000 14,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 14#20c; dairies.
13#18c. Cheese, steady; lOVic. Eggs, easy;
fresh, 21@21%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. .
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis'. .' 450 620 33,210
Duluth 189,834
Milwaukee 98,600 63,818
Chicago 156.7."0 8,143
Toledo 23,563 4.0 *)
St. Louis 16,000 20,000
Detroit 7,223 10,508
Kansas City 59,500 ' 22,000
Totals '. 1,037,095 158,669
Tidewater—
Boston 4, SOS
New York 24,000 158,633
Philadelphia 50,766 MM
Baltimore 120,778 112,000
New Orleans 72,000
Galveston 55.216
Totals ........... 255,568 343,813
' •, LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 11% 5 9% 5 B*4
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour—
Opening 41 85 44 40
Closing
Wheat—
Opening 22 40 20 75
Closing . —
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Deo. 17.— Receipts of cattle to
day were too light to make a market and .
quotations In consequence were almost entire
ly nominal. A few medium grade cattle and
one or two choice lots of Christmas beeves were
disposed of at yesterday's ruling prices. The
recent Improvement in prices is expected to
bring a larger number of cattle to th.? market
next week.
There was a good demand for hogs, and
prices were fully as high as yesterday's best.
Common hogs. S3 ir.^/3 25; choice to extra
grades, $3 40@3 45, bulk going for 53 30©3 3716;
pigs. $3 1003 15.
Sheep and lambs sold at steady prices. In
ferior to prime heavy weights, $4®E 60; year
lings. $4 15£4 50; sh.T-,1. $2 .V-.i! 25.
Receipts— ■ 200; hogs, 27,000; sheep,
2000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts.
200. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts 5000. Market strong. Bulk
of sales. %'■', 20@3 30; heavies. $3 2503 S7V4; pack
ers. $3 20®3 30; mixed, $3 1593 80; lights, $3 10@
3 25; yorkers, $3 20<g3 25; pigs, $34)3 20.
No sheep.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Dec. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, SOO.
Market active; stronger. Native beef steers,
M 10®5 50; Westerns, $3 75*»4 40; Texas steers,
$3 :i>'.;4: cows anil heifers. $3^4 10; stockers and
feeders. S3 254/4 40: calves, $4 50-B*6 75: bulls
and stags. J2 25ifi"3 75.
HOGS Receipts, 11,000. Market weak, Be
lower. Heavy, $3 20@3 27-.; mixed. $3 2.163 27H;
light. $3 27>4@3 32«4; pigs, ?3©3 25; bulk of sales,
$3 2503 27H
SHEEP—Receipts, 600. Market strong: native
muttons. $3 50!fZ4 40; western?. $3 40(g4 10; stock
sheep, $2 :.i'si3 CO; lambs. $4<ga 25.
DENVER. .
DKNVK.I, Dec. 17.— Receipts, 150.
Market slow, but steady. Beef steers, $3 SI -i
4 25; cows. ♦- 7693 25; feeders, freight paid to
river. $3 iS"<H; stockers, freight paid to river,
fi 7. /4 25; bulls and stags. $1 75@2 50.
Receipts, 350. Market steady. Light
packers, $3 3.'.a3 40; mixed, $3 30-y3 33; heavy,
$3 20*73 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4500. Market steady.
Good fat muttons. $3 75(&4 23; lambs, $4 50©5.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— Consols, 110H: silver,
27 9-16 d: French rentes, 102f oc; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; c. oes on passage,
easy for white, quiet for red.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 17.— WHEAT— Firm;
wheat In Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3Hd.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet. December,
6s m«d; March, 5s 9%d; May, 5s S^d; No. 1
red northern spring, firm, 6s Id ; No. 2 red
Western winter, firm, 6a 2(1.
CORN— American mixed spot old. firm, 3s
10^d; December, quiet, 3s lO^d; January, nom
inal; March, quiet. 3s tH 4 d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, steady, Bs.
HOP.s— At London Pacific Coast, dull, in 15a
to £5 15s.
NEW YORK EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— Gold and silver move
ment at New fork for the week ending to-day:
Rzports of gold, 1W6.430: silver, $951. C00.
Imports of gold. $1,300,243; silver, $4757.
The Imports .if drygoods and general mer
chandise at the port of New York for the week
ending to-day were valued at $10.443, 754.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows-
Available cash balance, J293,342,435, gold re
serve, $245,090,530.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 $2%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 483
Sterling Cables — 4 S3Vi
New York Exchange, sight — it
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Ny,
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars — 47V,
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— was lower and this mar
ket was off in sympathy. Trading was dull, as
usual.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 15©1 11%; milling,
$1 20@l 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— SOOO
ctls, $1 17.: 72,000, $1 17%.
Second Session— May— Booo ctls. $1 17%.
Regular Morning Session— May — 2000 ctlß
$1 17%: 16.000, $1 18. December— $1 13.
BARLEY— The market was weak and dull,
with a decline in futures j but no change on
the spot.
Feed. $1 27%<?1 30; Brewing. $1 3501 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session December— 2ooo ctls, $1 29£.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo ctls
$1 29%. May— 2ooo, $1 20.
OATS— . very dull at the old quotations.
The rain did not improve the demand for seed
as expected.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%@1 30 per ctl; food
to choice, $1 22%@1 25; common. $1 20-
Surprise. $1 35@1 42^; Gray, $1 20®l 22%; mill
ing. $1 25@1 30 per ctl; Red. $1 40@l 47%; Black,
$1 6001 70.
CORN— were large arrivals from the
East again. Prices were unchanged.
Small round yellow. $1 15(8)1 17V4: Eastern
large yellow, $1 10@l 1214: white, $1 10@l 12V
mixed, $1 07& per ctl; California white. Si 12%
©1 15. • • ■
RYE— Culi'omla, $1 17%@1 20; ' Eastern. $1 15
per ctl. ...
BUCKWHEAT-Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 16©4 25; bakers'
extras, $3 90<§>4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices sln sacks . are :as fol
lows, usual discount <to the trade: ' Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye,, Flour, $2.75 per
100: Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $8 25; Oatmeal," $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25©:3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4^4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. •$3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels). $5 B".fjfi 25; In Hacks, ■|5 65<§,G 05' Pearl
Barley, Jo; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas. . $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS. .
Hay stands the same. Bran is firm. Nothing
else new.
. BRAN— BISOX7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 50 per ton.
• FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $26 50@27 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, J31@31 50; Job
bing, $321/32 60;'CocoanufCake, $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, $28@30 per ton: Cornmeal, $23 500
24 50: Cracked Corn, $24@25. ■■'..
CALIFORNIA . HAY— Wheat. • $16 SO@IS for
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $lo@lfi 50;
Oat. $14@ir, 50; Island. Barley. $11@14; Alfalfa.
$11@12 50: Stock, $11<@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheht and Wheat and Oat. $13 50915: Cheat.
$11 75@12 75; Alfalfa. $10@10 50; Oat, $13 60®15;
Clover, $11 50@12; Timothy, $11 60013 per ton.
6TRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
' The market is dull all around, with no change
In quotations.- . . . . -. 'Z . ■
' BEANS— $2@2 10; : Small Whites.
$2 15@2 20; Large Whites. .$1 70@l 90; Pinks,
8292 10; Reds, $3 15<7J>3 25: Blackcye, $3 75@4.
Butters, $2<7f2 50; Limas, $3 25ig3 30; Pea. $2 30®
2 60: Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 60(&4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. ; $4 25; Flax. ,s2®2 25: Canary
Seed. 2Vi@2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 5%®6%c; Rape.
?!;«r!%c: Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, uj»s4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 50#l 76; Green, $1 75
©1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are steady at the advance. Vege-
tables are firm and in light supply.
POTATOES— 6OQ66C per ctl for Early Rose;
60090 c per sack for River Burbanks; Salinas
Burbanks, ; Oregon, Ssco*l 25: Sweet Pota
toes, 50(gG0c for Nearby and $1 25(gl 35 for Mer
ced; New Potatoes 11 -fj24c per lb.
ONIONS— 6O@76c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — preen Peas, s®7c; String
Beans, 608 c; Cabbage, 41M?50c; Tomatoes, 2.'>ig>
00c for Bay and Eoc#Q for Los Angeles; Egg
Plant, 10(gl2c per lb; "Garlic, 7<gSc per lb; Dried
Okra, 15c per lb; Green Peppers, 4<g",c per lb;
Dried Peppers, 10^15c; Marrowfat Squash, $8
4! 10 per ton; Carrots, 2,Vy35c per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The usual installment of Eastern Poultry goes
on to-morrow.
Game did better again.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 12%@15c; live
Turkeys, 12%@14c for Gobblers and 12@14c for
Kens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$1 5001 75: Ducks, $4@6 50 for old and $4 50*?
6 50. for young; Hens. $3 50*54 50; young. Roos
ters, J4@4 50; old Roosters, $4: Fryers, $4;
Broilers, $4 for large, - $333 50" for small;
Pigeons, $l@l 25 per dozen for old and II 50®
2 for squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 25®1 50; Mallard, $3 50@4;
Canvasback. :?6{/10: Sprig, $252 50; Teal, $1@
1 25; Widgeon, $1 2501 75; Small Duck. $125;
English Snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $101 25; Gray
Geese, $2 50@3; White Geese, $1 25; Brant. $1 60
«1 75: Honkers, 13694 50; Hare. $1; Rabbits,
$1 25©1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
' There is no further change In anything under
this head. The feeling is steady all around
and there is no accumulation of stock.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 29@300; sec
onds. 2Sc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 25<S'27c; common
grades, 18@24c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17®18c; pickled roll.
17@18c for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub. 22ijr22%e.'
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16%c per
Ib: Elirln. 22522% c. ■ :
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 12@12%c; old, 10
©lie 1 'ream Cheddar. '2W12%c: Young Amer
ica, 12©13 c; Eastern. lT<fl3c
EGGS— Eggs. 84®86c per dozen; sec
onds, 27'/i(S32%c; Eastern. 22%@25c for ordi
nary and 2S@3oc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranjres and Lemons are dull at the decline.
Lln.es continue slow. Apples are In good sup
ply and steady.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
. Cranberries, $7 50ffj9 "per barrel for East
ern and Hill 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 35060 c for common. 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 an.l $1 2501 60 for choice. Lady Ap
ples. $1 2551 75; Spitzenbergs, In barrels, $3@S.
Pears — r.oo<6si ?r. per box.
Persimmons, $1551 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $lf/2 50 per
box; Seedlings. 7.".c@sl 50; Mandarins, JKil 50;
lemons. 75c(ff$l 50 for common and $2@S for
pood to choice; Mexican Limes. $3 5064; Cali
fornia Limes. 854§7Sc per small box; Urape
Fruit, $1 50©3 50; Bananas, $1 50®2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3®5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
Dealers report a small jobbing movement at
unchanged quotations.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 6%c for 40-50's, 4HO
5c for 50-60's. 3ViS3%iC for f.O-70's. 2%@3c for
70-$n > 2^S2Hc for 80-90' a. jto for 90-100's and
ltiOllLc for 100-110' Sliver Prunes. 2Vi®sc;
Peaches, 6@7V4c for good to choice, 7%@Sc for
fancy and 10®l2Vic for peeled: Apricots, 10@12c
(or Royals and 12@12%0 'or Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%«7%c: sun dried. 4<tr4V4c; Black-
Figs, sacks. 2<Sj2V 2 c: Plums, 4Vi.®6c for pitted
mid l@l%c for unpltted; Nectarines, 6@7c for
prime to fancy: Pears. 6@Sc for quarters and
(>@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3*;c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 6%#6V4c for Seed
less Sultanas". 4\4c for Seedless Muscatels and
$1 20 for London Layers: Dried Grapes, 2%@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. E@l2Uc per lb; Walnuts.
6@7c for hardshell, 9(S~10c for softshell: Al
monds. 6@7c for hardshell. 13c for softshell, 149
15c for paper-shell: Peanuts. 6-37 c for Eastern
and 4**<?ifsc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50(35.
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and S@9o
for lower gradi-s; water white extracted, 64®
"c; light amber extracted, »c: dark, IQi^o
per Id.
BEESWAX— 24@2Sc per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There Is the usual local Jobbing and shipping
trade at unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7H.c per !b for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light. 10% c
for extra light and 12®12%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10@10%c: California
Hams, 9%®S%c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. HI; Family Beef, $12 50; extra
Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18;- mess, $15 50i<J
16; Smoked Beef, 11%®12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%c per lb for
compound and 7@7Vlc for pure: half-barrels,
pure, 7V»c; 10-lb tins, 7%c; 5-lb tins, be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%@6V4c; package*
lees than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 In a case, '.<>•*«:;
S-lb palls, 20 In a case, S%c: 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, 8V&c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%e; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, t>V; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; hair
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDIiS AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. B%c; light, 8c; Cowhides,
8c; Stags. «c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool, 809400
each; medium. 6O@Soc; long wool. 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 76@2 for large and
7r,c for small; Colts. 50c: Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and fiociisl for small. •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3%@3%c per lb;
No. 2. 2?ic; refined. 4?£<g'sc; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 7@9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months'. SSf^c; Foothill and Northern, free. 1]
@14c; Foothill and Northern, defective. 9j|lle:
Humboldt a«d Mendocino. 14@15c; Nevada, D@
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10(gl2c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9®ll
Northern Mountain 7@ 8
Southern m 7Vi
Plains 60 6
Jacob Wollner's circular says: "There have
been quite a number of sales in our market this
week, principally Humboldt and Mendocino
falls from 'J<- to lie. foothills from 9c to lie,
and some Red Bluff spring from lie to 13c. In
fact. In the last two weeks over 1.000,000 pounds
of Wool have changed hands. They were all
shipping Wools In the grease. There is still
no demand for scoured Wool, and. most of the
stock in this market is scouring Wool. We will
have to wait until there is some demand for It.
"From the East come reports of sales In the
three principal markets the past week amount
ing to 5,000,000 pounds at lower prices than
ruled two weeks ago. Holders of Wool begin
to realize that they made a mistake In holding
Wools for extreme prices, and now conclude to
accept ruling quotations.
"The London auction sales which closed last
Tuesday did not show any better prices than
at the closing sales in October last, with
coarse wools and crossbreds at from 5 to 74
per cent lower. Of course, under existing cir
cumstances, we cannot import any foreign
Wools, as domestic Wools are from 15 to 20 per
cent lower than foreign Wools would cost. This
state of affairs Is owing to the very large stock
of Wools in the United States which has to be
worked up before we can expect al lthe benefit
that the Wool tariff should give us."
HOPS— IBBB crop. 12%@14c per lb for ordinary.
14Vi@15%c for good and 16@lSc for choice to
fancy.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market is sufficiently supplied with all
kinds and quotations show no change.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealer*
are as follows: ' "
BEEF— First quality. 6%c; second quality. «o;
third quality, 4i}@sV4c.
VEAL— Large. 6%©>7%c: small. fiH@Bo per lb.
: MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewe£ 7c.
LAMB— per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large, 4%c for me
dium, and SK@B%c for small; stock Hogs. 3H<9
Ic. dressed Hogs, 6@6>/4c for prime.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, ■' at 4?£®6c; Wool Bags. ' 26@28c; San
Quentln Bags. $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8: Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6: Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland. $8 50@9 in bulk and $10
010 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate. $7" 60; Coke, $12. per ton in bulk
and $14 In sacks.
; SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, fi"«c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, f.^gc; Dry Granulated, 6%c; Confec
tioners' A, 6\c; California A. 5V4c; Magnolia A
6*.c; Extra C. Hie: Golden C. 5%c: half-barrels
t4c more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrel* or it*
equivalent. ...
PETROLEUM— Water White in bulk is higher
at 12% c per gallon.
TURPENTINE— Is higher at file per gallon in
cases and 56c in drums or iron barrels. • •.
WlNE— Shipment of 261.337 gallons Wine and
10,401 gallons Brandy to New York per Jabez
Howes. . '■-■:■• •
CORDAGE— Another decline is nou-d, as fol
lows: Manila rope, 9%c; Sisal, S\c; Duplex
7}« c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, December 17.
Flour, qr ska ... 8,412 Sugar, bbls 40
Hurley, ctls 6,330 Quicksilver, flsks 301
Butter, ctls S3 Lumber, ft .30 000
Cheese, ctls ..... s) Beans, »ks ...... '.-,-,
"Wine, gals 46,600 Potatoes,- sits ■>...- • 7go
'Egg-s, doz ...... 4,740 Onions. ". sks ..... 150
Leather, rolls ... 28 Middlings,' sks .. ■ 500
Hides, no .... 1,694 Hay, tons :....... 2°o
Pelts, bdls ...... SBJlStraw, 1 tons : 15
Raisins, bxs .... 10 Wool, bales ..... 13
Sugar, eks 738 I,lme, bbls 226
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 2.340 Oats, ctls 1,380
"Wheat, ctls ....... 2.000 ■ ■
WASHINGTON. y ; ■ .
Flour, qr sks ... 4,2301 ; i-at. ■ ctls ....'. 5,975
958BlBfetflS3SK EASTERN. s ;^S^|^aSßK
Corn, ctls ....... 2.0001
■■."■'.•."■ ; ; . -■■:: '' ' ■■ * . . . ■■ ;
THE STOCK MARKET 1
Mining- stocks were weak again and closed
considerably lower than they were at the close
of the preceding week.
Local securities were quiet and featureless.
The North Gould & Curry assessment falls
delinquent in board to-morrow, and the Alpha
and Seg. Belcher delinquent sales take place
also.
The annual meetings of the Gould & Curry,
Mount Diablo and Andes mining companies
will be held to-morrow.
Standard Consolidated of Bodie rose to $2 10
bid yesterday. The company is carrying a large
cash surplus, which amounted on December 1
to $103,000. besides $5100 in unsold bullion, and
the last weekly letter from the mine noted an
improvement in one or two places where some
hith trade ore Is now being found. Good
progress is being made In the work of building
the new mill.
The Mountaineer Mill and Mining Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment of
3 cents per share, delinquent January 12.
The Eastern Dynamite Company paid a quar
terly dividend of $1 per share yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Dec. 17—12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
V. S. Bonds— Pac LCo 48 —
4s quar coup.. — — SF Q & E... 87% sS'/j
4-s quar reg...— — San Fran tV* —
4s quar new... — — Stockton Gas.. 10% 14
3s quar c0up.. 106 — Insurance —
Miscellaneous — Firem's Fund. 2ll —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 117 Water Stocks—
Cal Xl 6s t25 — Contra Costa.. 50 55
C C Wat Cs...lulVs— Marin Co 50 —
Dup-st ex c. — EBfe Spring Valley. 1017*102%
E L & P C 5.,.130 — Hank Stocks—
F& CI Ry 6s. 114. — Anglo-Cal .... 83K X
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1..254%257
HC & S 5M.g. _ _ r a i sD & T.. 98 100
LALCo 65.. 99 — First Natlonl.2lS —
Do gntd 65.. 102^102*4 Lon P & A.... 133 —
Market-st 65. .129 — IMer Exchange — 16
Do Ist ii at,. — 115% Nev Nat 8....176%177
NCN G R 75.10S — Savings Banks—
N Ry <"al 65.. 115 — Ger S & L,..1ti2.i —
N Ry C.\l ,>5..10j% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 6s. 103 — Mutual Say. — 42*»
NPC X H 55. 102% — S F Bay V. 500 —
N <"al R R 55. 103 105 S & L. 50.... — 100
dak (las 5s 109 — Security S H 300 350
Om Ry 6s 127 — Union T Co.loßo —
P * Cl Ry 88.107 — Street Railroads—
P & O6s 112 — California ....109 —
Powfll-st 05...117Vi122 1 i ! Geary 45 —
Pac Xl Ry Ss.lOfi — Market-st .... 68% 58%
S F & N P 58.11094110% Oak S L * H. - —
SierraßCal 65. 1ii4H,10r,'., Presidio 9Vi —
B P at A- Hs..llHill2 Powder—
8 P C68(lt)05-()lll%112% California lfl 150
SPCIs (1012)117 llh';. B Dynamite... 85 95
SPCIs eg ss.Ki3 — Giant Con Co. 50 1 * &)
SPBrU US - ViKorit 3^ 3%
H V Water 65.11A%12ii Miscellaneous—
S V Water 4s.Ki3 — 'Al Pac A«sn..lO.Tft —
S V W4s(3dm).lol 101% Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 — Hana PI Co.. 17' i 17 3 4
Gas & Electric— (H CA S Co.. 54% 54^4
•"apital Gas... — — ! Hut<-h S P Co. 63%, 64%
Cent aaallght.lo6 — Mt F.k Assn. "JO —
Cent L it P.. 14 15 ! Oceanic S Co.. 59% 59%
Mutual Xl Co. U% — 'Pae A F A... 1 l'.s
Oakland Gas.. 51 52% Pac C Bor Co.lol —
Pac Gas Imp.. S6 87 |Par Paint Co. 7% —
Morning Session.
Board—
B California Powder 145 00
li, California .Safe Deposit 98 50
2S Hiina Plantation Co 17 25
17" Hawaiian Commercial & Susar f.4 n0
2. Hawaiian Com & Sugar, b 3 M ;.O
IE Hutchinpon S P Co 64 00
10 Nevada National Bank tK 00
$7000 N P C R R 5s B^nds 102 50
MOSprlng Valley Water 102 00
Strc>t—
70 Market-street Railway 58 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
12.". Central Light and Power 15 00
X Central Llpht and Power, b 5 13 00
25 Equitable Gaslight 7 50
Street—
25 Equitable Gaslight 7 00
100 Equitable Gaslight 7 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning session.
Ino Best & Belcher Ml GOO Overman 88
600 Bullion 03] inn Potosi 19
500 Con Cal & Va..l 10 1 100 Sierra Nevada.. 90
300 Gould & Curry. "71 50 Union Con 16
1000 Kentuck 09 1
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
7' Alta 10 j COO Hale & Norcrs. 12
2100 Best & Belcher 37 700 Justice 16
5<H) Chollar 17 200 Mexican 32
800 Con Cal & Va.l 10 .'.OO Overman 08
450 Con Cal & V.I 07Vi 300 Sierra Nevada. '.'1
200 Con Cal & V.I 12' 2 300 Sierra Nevada. !'2
300 Gould & Curry. 26] 300 Utah 12
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Dec. 17—12 m.
Bid. Ask. ■ Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia — 02
Alta — 11 Justice 16 18
Andes (IB 07 Kentuck 08 09
Belcher 17 is Lady Wash ... — 03
Benton Con ... 04 in Mexican 32 33
Bed A Belcher 38 3K Occidental 1 IT, —
Bullion 02 04 Ophlr 57 68
Caledonia 21 23 Overman 07 OS
Chollar 18 SulPotosl 18 20
challenge COB. 16 is Savage IS H
Confidence 60 03 .Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.l 10 1 If, Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 92 S3
Crown Point ... IB lti Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — 0". Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 — Standard 210 —
Exchequer — 02 1 Union Con 16 IS
Gould & Curry. 27 18 Utah 11 12
Hale &. Norcrs. 12 13 Yellow Jacket. 19 20
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
M.IT.iW. T.
F.
S.
vipna
Vita
\ndes
ielcher
Jest & Belcher
1. .... 11 us ..
07 06 07 06 05
20 17 16 171 17
40 3S 37 39 38
04 i 03 03 021 02
21 201 17 23 22
17! 15 14 16 16
24 22 20 20 19
1 25 1 20 1 10 1 1." 1 15 1
65 .... 55 57 57
17 14 14 15 14
29 28 27 28 27
16 13 13 15 14
IS 16 16 17 16
33 30 29 32 31 i
61 56 57 60! 58 j ■
09 081 OS! OS OS
96 95,1 05 1151 15 1
25 21 19 20 18
15 14 «13 14 13
i 75 1 SO 1 So 1 85 l 95 2
105 92 89 100 94
20 IS 18 20 IS
11 11 12 13 12
17 15 1 15 16 19
bullion I
Caledonia
Thallenge
■hollar
'rin. 'Cal. & Va
"onflrtence
!'ro\vn Point
Timid & Curry
rlale & Norcroaa
Justice
Mexican
)phlr
"Herman
Accidental
""otosl
'
Savage
Uamlard
sierra Nevada
:*nlon
;tah
i'ellow Jacket
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of San Francisco to Allan
f St. John Bowie, lot on W line of Polk street,
31 S of Clay, S 78:6 by W 81:10; — . ....
Ellen O'Rourke to John O'Rourke, lot on S
line of Pine street, 144:11 E of Van Ness ave
nue. E 23:5 by S 120; grift.
Thomas F., Elizabeth, Agnes, Joseph O. and
Myron T. McVerry and Catherine McVerry Kel
ly (McVerry) to Mary A. McVerry, lot on SW
line of Ninth street, 75 SE of Harrison, SE 25
by SW 100; $2500.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Julius
Marx, lot -on S line of Liberty street, 375 E
of Castro. E 25 by S 114; $800.
Alice L. Eastland to Charles Franzol, lot on
NE corner of Jones and Washington streets. N
60 by E 128:9; 13000.
San Francisco Land Company to Florentine
Auger (wife of John) and Mary A. Gardiner
(wife of M. V. B.), lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue, 258:7 N of Clement street, N 41:6, E 120
S 45:5,4, W 120:2; $10.
John Auger to Florentine Auger (wife of
John), lot on E line of Eleventh avenue, 250 N
of Clement street, N6oby E 120; gift. ' -
Mary A. and Martin V. B. Gardiner to same,
same; $10.
Florentine and John Auger to Mary A. and
M. V. B. Gardiner, lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue, 200 N of Clement street, N 50 by E
120: $10.
Martin V. B. Gardiner to Mary A. Gardiner
(wife),", same; gift.
Louis Metzger to Charles M. Landers, lot on
E line of Fourteeenth avenue, 100 X of D street,
N 50 by E 120; $10.
Pauline E. Sass and Charles, Albert R. and
William Steinbring to Miller & Lux (a corpo
ration), lot 6, block 310, South Ran Francisco
Homestead; also lot 6. block 487, Bay View
Homestead Association; $10. ■
Jane Healey to Mary E. 1 Carr, Josephine .T.
Schwartz and Frances M. Healy, lot on W line
of Shotwell street, 120 N of Preclta, N 50 by
W 116:8, lota IS and 19, Hill's map of subdi
vided P. V. lands; gift.
Amy Landers to John Landers, estate of
. Michael | Landers ; $10.
Alameda County.
George Farley to Josephine L. Farley, lot 36,
block A. Broadway Terrace, to correct 620 d
2:u, Oakland Township; $10.
Francis Mary Josephine Hagarty, Julia Mary
C. Flood anil Susan Mnry R. Healy to John
and Mary McDermott, lot on S line of Bay
street, 200 AY of Curtis W 25 by S 135:8, block
4. Curtis Tract, Berkeley; $163.
Emma T. and F. H. Mesow to American
Surety Company of New York, lot on SE cor
ner of Maple street, and College avenue. E 120
by S 64, being lot 8, block A, University Villa
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Allen A. and Mary C. Curtis to Pacific Lura
bet Company (a corporation), lot on N\V corner
of Daley ami Bnntl avenues, N 230, to a point
at the beginning of a curve with a radius of
90 degrees bearing to the left: thence along said
curved line to the NE corner lot 14. said point,
being on the S line of Le Conte avenue; thence
i> .«., .S Hi.. Im m, tj |40, tv N line of Daley ave
nue; thence V. DO, to beginning, being lots 14
16 and 17, block 19. Daley's Scenic Park, Berke-
Else M. Buck to Karew K. Jensen, undivided
fourth interest In lot on S line of Thirty-sixth
street. 4!)7 W of Telegraph avenue, W 37 by
S '.20:1, being portion Plat 10. Rancho V. and D
Peralta, Oakland; $in.
Catharine C. Orr and Jane and Rose Sym
ington (by commissioner) to Oakland Bank of
Savings, lot on MW lln« of Union and San
Pablo avenues, W 152:4%. N 75. E 152:7, S 75 to
beginning, portion property Villa Homestead
Association, Oakland Annex; $133."..
L. W. Worsting to Oakland Loan and Invest
ment Company, lots 1 to 6, block A, lots 7 to
12, block B. lots 1, 2. 5, 6, 9 and 10. block C.
Home Vi<fw Tract, Berkelei', quitclaim dee.l;
$3000. •
Ann A. Shepard to W. S. T. Smith, la on
S line of Haste street, 210 \V of Audubon. \> 4o
by. S- 135:2. .being lot 12, subdivision of Hell
property. Berkeley: *"""
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
| Dv«.
Titanla INanaimo IDec. 18
Queen IVlctoria & JTuget Sound Dec. 18
Pnm,,na IHumbnldt Dec. 18
Samoa '.Humboldt Dec. 18
Signal Astoria Dec. IS
Mackinaw JTacoma .». Dec. U
South Portland. [Cooi Kay Deo. 18
Arcata ; Coos Bay Der. 19
Santa Rosa San Diego Dec. 19
Proereso Seattle iDec. 19
Alliance Orcson Ports Dec. 19
North Fork JHumUildt iDec. 20
Pan Juan Panama !D»>c. 20
Bristol (Departure Bay 'Dec. 20
Aloha (Point Arena [Dec. 2')
Columbia iPortland De L - 21
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 21
Minrola Tacoma Dec. 21
Chilkat Humboldt Dec. 21
COOI Bay Newport Dec. 21
Point Arena [Point Arena Dec. 22
Wail* Walla Yli-toria & Puget Sound Dec. 23
Corona (San Diego Doc. 2.i
Weeott Yaquina Bay Dec. 25
Orizaba (Newport Dec. 2f>
StateCalifomia^Portlanii .Dec. 26
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
State of CaliPortland Dec. 19. 10 amPler 24
San Jos«... | Panama Dec. 19, 12 m|PMSfI
Orizaba ....Newport -Dec. 1». 9 am; Pier 11
Pomona ....;Humboldt ....Dec. 20, 2 pmjPier 9
•Santa Rosa San Diego 'Dec. 21. 11 amjPler 11
Arcata ICoos Bay Dec. 21, 10 amlPler 13
City PekimrChlnaA Japan Dec. 21. 1 pm:PMSS
C. Nelson.. | Puget Sound.. :Dec. 21, 10 anvPier 2
yueen IVlc & Pgt Sd.lDec. 22, 10 am'Pi*r 9
Chilkat .... Humbnldt ....IDec. 22, >pm Pier 13
Alliance Oregon Ports. Dec. 22. 10 amlPter 20
Coos Bay... Newport IDec. 23, 9 amjPier 11
Columbia .. Portland (Dec. 24, 10 am!Pler 24
Signal iGrnys HarborlDec. 24 i
Pt. Arena.. iVint Arena.. Dec 24, 3 \<m Pier 2
Gaelic IChina* JapanlDec. 24, Ipm PMSS
Corona .San Diego jDec. 2"., 11 am Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kr : pt on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The »ime ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived eaiii day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. In charge.
• TIME BALL.
Branch Hydroßraphlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., De
cember 17, ISM
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the ]20th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES,
•'-.:: Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING UTTBIXIOBIfCB.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, December 17.
Stmr Orizaba, Hall, "0 hours from Newport
(P), etc.
Stmr Coqullle River, Erlcssen, 19 hours from
Fort Brass.
Bark Aurelia, Mt-rser, 10 days from "Wlllapa
Harbor.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 5 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Lizzie Priori, Hansen, 10 days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Antelope, Anderson, 10 days from Co
qullle River.
Schr Parkersburg, Jorgensen, 10 days from
Coquille River.
Schr Lily, Bottler, S',£ days from Umpqua.
Schr Gem, Nelson, 5 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Francis Alice, Wahlstedt, 21 days from
Pirate Cove.
CLEARED.
Saturday, December 17.
Stmr Couracao, Yon Helms, Guaymas; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Hall. San Diego; Goodall. Per
kins & Co. -= . , - .■-.---■•« :-% i
Stmr State of California, Parsons, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins &■ Co.
Ship W H Macy, Groth, Nanalmo; R D
Chandler.
SAILED.
Saturday, December 17.
Stmr Corona. Debney, San Dle*o.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, Victoria.
Btmr Curacao. Yon Helms, Guaymas.
Ship Jabez Howes, Henry, New York.
Haw bark R P Rithet, Calhoun, Honolulu.
. Nor bark Nordlyset, Olsen. Melbourne.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Sehr Joseph Rues, Peterson, Port Gamble.
. CHARTERS.
The Pioneer loads m*se for Santa Rosalia.
The Portland lea. ls redwood at Eureka for
Callao; Star of Russia, coal at Tacoma for
il i, lulu.
The Stefano Razeto loads mdse for Sydney.
■nSCELLANEOUS.
PORTLAND, Per IT— Aus stmr Burma i.«
Mbore in Columbia River near Kalama, 40
miles from Portland. Vessel lies on sand bot
tom.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Pec IT— Schr Louise,
from I'mpqua; schr Laura May, from Grays
Harbor.
POKT TOWNSEXP— Arrived Dec 17— Bark
Chaß J Kenny, frurn Honolulu.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 17— Schr James H
Bruce, from Newport.
PORT GAM HLK— Arrived Dec IT— Schr Sal-
VBtor, from Smti Pedro.
VENTITHA— SaiIed Dec 16— Stmr Geo Loomis,
for San Kranclsco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MELBOTRNE-Arrived Dec IT— Ship John C
Petter, from Tacoma.
QUEENBTOWN— Arrived Dec 17— Br ship
Trade Wind*, from Oregon, and sailed for Hull.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Km n— Br ship Amde
lana. for Port K»os Angeles.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Dec 17— Schr
Muriel, for Honolulu.
CALFTA BUENA— Sailed Def B— Br ship
Samaritpn. for Dunkirk.
Arrived Nov 9— Br ship Holt Hill, from San
Diego: Br ship Seafarer, hence Aug- 16.
LIVERFOOL— Sailed Dec 13— Br ship Drura
lanHng. fur Vancouver.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Dec 15— Stmr Ohio, for
San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Pec 13— Br ship King
Edward, for Rnyal Roads.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Olden
burg, from Bremen.
Sailed Dec IT— Stmr Umbrla, for Liverpool;
Btmr La Champagne, for Havre; stmr Italia,
for Antwerp.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Dec 17— Stmr Western
land, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Dec 17— Stmr Etruria,
for New York.
HAVRE— Snlled Dec 17— Stmr La Xormandle.
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Dec 17— Stmr St
Louis, for New York.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa ft Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 9:52 A. M. the
following Thursday, Saturda/
and Tuesday— Arriving in New
York at 1 :3O P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is In Addition to the Daily
■, Overland Express.
SAN - FRANCISCO '- TICKEfIfICE— Xl MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 163 L
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2)l J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JQAQUIN
:-"v: -"v VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 1898. trains will run as follow *l
South-bound. . Nnrth-bound.
Passen- 1 Mixed. Mixed. iPassen-
Ker. I Sunday - Sunday er .
Daily. JExc'ptd Station*. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2oam ln-«oainl n -«0ain Stockton 3:45 5:50 p m
10:10 ami 2:06 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:o] pm
11:40 am 6:3o pm ... Fresno 9:3oam 2:32pm
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:46 am 1:85 nm
, »:20pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:3oam 11:25 am
12:58 pm 8:50 pm Vlsalla _ 6:40 «n| 1:15 pi,,
| Stopping at Intermediate points as required ~~
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's OXflce. 821 Market
I Btrtet, v ßaa Francisco. ■--. -m«»«
'-,-■■■•-■. ■ ■ r
BAILUCAD TRAVEL. : '
MOTIIISBN I'AtIKK! COKPAirr.
(PAOirio HVSTKM.I i <
Tinlna Icnve Mini are >!i<« to nrrlve at
NAN t-tIAfiVtHVtK
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
HAVB — Fkov Nov. 23, 1898. — aiirivb
•«:OOa NUpb. San Jose »nd Way Station*... •»Ti.tX
7:00 a Henicla, Sulflun and Sacramento.... 10:40
7:00 a M^rjßrille, OroTlUoaud iteddlug m i
Woodland 5 : 1 5p T
7:00.» Klmira, V»cavllle and P.umsey Itil.tr •'
7:»o A Martinez, Ksuiori, V*ll«jo.
C'alistogii aud Santa Uos» «:l!Jp
8:00 a Atlantic Kipr^Ji. >>f\->< anil B»«t.. »i*3»
»:aOA San Jose, .Stocktun. Valley Bpring.
lone, .S»sT»ri).'nt<». M*r;it*ii!e,
Chico, Tehama and U-\ Itliiff.... «il*P
8:SOa Stockton, OakdAl« Jamestown.. . 4il»p
•»:3Oa Milton # 7jl»P
•:WOa Murtlnez. Trary. Lathrop, Stockton,
Mirc-d»r.'l Kresno l«il»F
• iOOa Fre«iio, liakernrifl'l. S«rt« lUr).*r»,
Ix» An.elh*. Domfog, El Paso,
New Orleans' and « st •rlsr
Freiiuo, Mendot*, Tracy and Mar-
tinez . - •»•!.■»»
10:0<»a Vailejo, Martinez and War Station* 7: 13f
•l:OOp Sacramento lll»( Stemnei'i '»"<"
IW:UOmNIIci, Tracy, Stockton, Mendot*,
Haaford, V!«aU<», Kxßler and I'or-
terTille f*ls*
liOOpNileii. San Joge and Way .Stations... 1 1:15*
San Jose, Nil-* an.) Way Stations... {*>■■*
Li»ermore, Han Jo»e, Nile* and Way
Stations •• l»Oil»*
«iOOr Martinez, Hail Ramon. Vallejo
Napa, CalintuKa, Xl Verano aud
Bantu Itosa ■!*•*
4:OOj> Benioi:i Vaca»Ulo, ill and.
Knights Landing. MarrsWUe, Oro-
Tille »ndSaor»iiiiet.t ( » im ~W A
«:BOpNUes, San Jose and Stockton <:15r
3:0Oi- Martinez, Tracy, Mrndota, Fresno,
-MojuTf. Bauta llarbara and lajb
Angeles.... 5:434
8«»0f Santa Ki. Koute, Atlantio Kxpress
forMoJare and ljuit 6:43p
5:00P Martinez, Lathrop. Stockton.
Merced and Fresno 12:15P
-i»:OOp •• I'acuio «^oa»t Limited." El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, Bt.
Louis. Chicago acd East {6:«p
•■OOr ICnropenii Mnil, (>|j>l«.iihud Kant.... »:■•»*
8:0«p Haywards, Nileeand San Jose 7:4.1 a.
•«:O»i- V*lloj<>... l»il»P
t'sOOp Vallejo, Port Costa "and Way Sta- - —
tion« l»x«»P 1
SiOOr Oregon KxprrnH, Sacramento, Marys- ]
vlllf. Holding, Portland, I'liget
Sonmland Haai Sil»a
(10:03p "Sunset Limited." Fresno. I.ob
Angeles, lil Fuo, Now Orleans
i ami Kant 6 map
SAN J.KAMIKO AMI IIAV\VAItI»S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.")
1 Jlolrosc, Seminar* Turk, '
»:OOa Ulcliliurir, Kliiiliurtl, «:I.Ta
•U:OOa San l.rnuilri). Soul Ii San (*»:!».•.
lO.OOa I.e.imfrO, Kstnillllo, io:i;».v
• 11:00 a - Lorenzo, Cherry WVZ*
il:OOp nn ,| Ililnp
53« 1K SA. «*
) t From Nlleg. I
COAST UlVislUJi (Nhiiou «nii(re).
Foot of Market Street.)
B«isANewarM>nterTille,San Itcn,
Boulder Crtek.Santa Cruz and Way
SUtlons ." »i3op
•SilSp Newark. Centerrllle, San Jose. New
. Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and I'llncipal Way
'Stations 'IOrSO*
4ilsp Newark. San .Tone and Log fiatos. . . 9:20 a
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Station* t~:a»p
CREEK ROUTE % FERRY.
fromSiS FaiSClSCO— foot of Harket Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:0. l A.ii. JI:C3 *2:00 13:33
•4:00 tS:OO *6:00p.U.
rromOilUKD— root «rßro«dw«T.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2 00 *l:00 t2:03. '3:03 ti:W «8:00 p.m.
COASI' 111 VISION , Broad (Jange).
(Third mid Towngend 3t».)
7:00 a San Jobs and Way Stations (New - •
Aliuadeu Wednesdays only) l:30p f
Ii«Ia Hau Joan. Tres I'luos. Haute Cruz.
Pacllle (Jiove. Paso ltnl.li.-B. San
Luis (tlilai'o. Ciiiadaliiiie, Surf and
. Principal Way .Stations 4:lOr
IO:40a Sail .lobe and Way Stations •«:OOa
lIiBOa San Jose and Way Stations Biaa*>
**i4Si- Sai: Mateo, Kedweod, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .line,
(Jilroj. Hoilister, Santa Cruz,
Baliuas, Monterey and I'acitic
• • (Iro»e "10:8b*
•«:»«p San Joan and Way Stations •»:<»(»*
• :1 Sf .lo»e ami Principal Way Stations »: 13 \
*3:00p San Jose and I'rincipat Way Station* 0:3.1 a
■1::tOi> .S.iii.l<mu and Principal Way Stations 5::!n t «
O::t»p San Jose and Way SUtious 7:SOp
Ult4»r San Joan and Way Stations 7::tOi-
~~ { lor Morning. " V for Afternoon.
• Hnsjflaya •xeonUtl. J Sundays only. I Saturdays only
"[Mondays and Thursdays. a ' ursdays and Saturday*.
ISatoidj.jfsa&d'Weduesuajt. •Tuursdayi and Sunday*.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
NEW TRAIN SERVICE.
San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited.
Commencing SUNDAY, Dec. 18, 1898, ,
THE OWL
WILL LEAVE SAX FRANCISCO 5:00 P. M.
WILL LEAVE LOS ANGELES 7:00 P. M. i J
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIi.
WEEK DAYS— 7:BO. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; U:tt,
1:80, 6:10, i.'iO P. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 p. m. Saturday a— trips at l:» 4
and. 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:SO, 11:00 a. m.; 1:10. i.tO,
» .00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEI. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60. 8:20. 11:10 a. m.; ll:«w
t:4O, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips aC
1:66 and 6:16 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40. 11:10 a, m.; 1:«. !:«.
1:00. 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
•ame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Can Francisco. In Effect San Francises
— October If. —
Week Sun- 18S8 * Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. da,*. Days.
!:Soam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 an»
I:3opm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:23 ana
1:10pm t :00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:25 pm 6:Mpna
Fulton.
1:10 am Windsor. 10:15 an
Bealdaburg;
Lytton.
Geyserville,
• :10pm 8:00 am Cloverdal*. 7:B6pm «:J3pra
Hopland and
t:lOsm 8:00 am Ukian. 7:35pm 6:2]pni
IJO am ~ „_ 10:»am
8:00 am Gneratylll*, 7:23 pm
••JO pm t: »PH
ISO am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:« an»
and
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:2Jpra
7:80 am :00 am Sebastopol. 10 :40 am 10:25 am }
B:Sopm 6:00 pm 7:3s pm| 6:22 pna
EUcea connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
*erville for 6kagg« Springs; at Cloverdala fo*
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Bin* Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witts*
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley,
: John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Banhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Boonevtlle. Orr*«
i Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willltts, LaytonvlUo. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer.
| Bcotla and Eureka. -jpean . > \
Saturday to . Monday round trip tickets at
i reduced rates.
1 On Sundays round trip tickets to all point* '
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 660 Market st.. Chronicle bldE.
B. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausallto Ferry
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-*7:20, »a;3o. 11:00 a. m ; n-4*.
8:46. 6:l£, H.OO. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:OO, »10:00. '11:30 a. m.: Ilk.
8:00, »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin
FR SAN : RAFAFL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
p* 6^- 7: * s> *'•» ■■ m - :
ar EE d XX I l A rda T>Rl^T > RI^6 r 4S t rm nday9> Wedne^Uy.
nSW^: 0 * !.™ •••-•«
_ Txm 1 ma ed * start om San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-f.:45. 6:45. 7:55. »:40 a. m. :
12:35. 2:45 2:60. 6:20 p. m
' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and baturdays at 7:00 p. m.
|-fO U ?2« AYB m^ °" lv:06 *• m.: 12:05, 1:20. 8 :3 *" \J
. THROUGH TRAINS. '.-I" '
1.20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1/6 p. in. Saturday*— Mills and way
m stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way at*'*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. *
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
' Leave Ban - Francisco, commencing Sunday.
r Sept. 11, 1898:
| Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. ■ -■. '
I Pundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a m. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 81. ■ ■
j THOB. COOK & SON, AcenU. 821 Marks*
1 (treat. Ban Franclsoo.SOUNDNESS OF SAN FRANCISCO'S
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
CONDITION ARISING FROM A SOUND
MONET DOCTRINE AND A CONSERV
ATIVE MANAGEMENT,
NEW SYSTEM OF CLEARING HOUSE DRAFTS FACILITATES
BUSINESS AND THE EXCHANGE OF
CREDITS.
THE year closes with a remarkable condition of soundness and sol
vency In our banks, financial institutions and local monetary activity.
The great test put upon Hum in the beginning and course of the
panic of IS:<3 tried and proved them thoroughly. The soundness
which carried them over that is the foundation upon which they are
now petting the benefit of revived business and restored prosperity.
It is only the truth to say that the banks i l' this State have held their
position through (very pinch and have furnished no record of general col
lapse, largely because of the stubborn adherence of California to a sound
financial standard. When all business is transacted on such a standard
there is . lency, more attention to legitimate profits and
Treater satisfaction with them, and therefore a better condition of those
ecurities, real, collateral and personal, which banks must consider in the
laily transaction of busli
The dry year operated against general trade, but not to its destruc
;ion. Tlie drought was not general enough to seriously affect our finances.
In the country from th< astward to the Sacramento Valley and
north of the bay the crops were unscathed and there was abundant pro
duction In many of the foothill counties east of that valley. More ranch
mortgages were canceled than in any single year for a considerable pe
riod. Thfs payment of long standing loans tin real estate sent a Hood of
money Into the banks, so that deposits increased during the year eight
millions of dollars.
That labor felt the benefit of this return of money from realty invest
ment into the quicker uses and returns of trade was shown by the in
crease in savlnes bank deposits In those institutions in this city.
The enterprise of California financiers is projected in many directions
and has originated a proposition to facilitate exchange which attracts d»
served attention. Th.- money orders Issued by express companies and the
poctoffice hav< worked against regular banking exchange. This is be
cause banks have been abl< to thaw and check only where they have a reg
ular correspondent. To overcome this our bankers have proposed applica
tion to the clearing-house system, by which a bank selling exchange on a
town where it has no correspondent remits th<> amount thereof to the ex
change clearing-house of associated banks in San Francisco. When the
bank cashes the draft it is admitted to its Ban Francisco correspondent,
goes to the clearing-house and is paid out of the money remitted. This
system, projected by our bankers, will greatly facilitate business and the
exchange of credits throughout the State, and is as effective as if every bank
had a correspondent in every town In the state. it brings them all into
relations of great convenience to them and the business public.
Our bankers have also combined to procure in all the States one law of
negotiable instruments.. The so, Mai philosophers have sought to secure a
common law of marriage and divorce in all the States. While there may
he necessity in our moral conditions for such a law. there is no question of
the need of uniformity in the law of negotiable paper. Now there is con
fusion and complexity where there should be uniformity and simplicity as
to the form and interpretation, negotiation and liability of such paper
The stability, celerity, convenience and profits of trade depend upon ade
quate and safe banking facilities.
Hanking has, perhaps, a lessening relation to politics and an enlarging
relation to the great business lnt< rests and industrial activities which con
cern the whole people, BO it is natural that the bankers of this State should
study, as they do, the means for peaceful adaptation of banking to political
conditions, rather than the wrenching of political conditions to the necessi
ties of banking.
This conservatism ceases, however, when political conditions require a
destructive distortion of business, and then the bankers are as patriotic and
instant in their public duty as any class in the community.
California may well point with uride to the soundness of her financial
institutions and the high character of the men who administer their affairs
THE NEVADA
NATIONAL BANK
REMARKABLE INCREASE IN ITS
PTTSINEOS THIS YEAR.
A Solid Financial Institution Which
Ranks Among the Foremost
in the World.
A relation of the history of banking
on the Pacific Coast would be Incom
plete without conspicuous mention of '
the old Nevada Bank, now known as
the Nevada National Bank of San
Francisco.
The Nevada Bank was founded in
October, 1^74, by a quartet of bonanza
kings, whose names will ever shine in
the history of mining in California and
Nevada. These men were Jam*
Flood, John W. Mackay, James G. Fair
and W. S. O'Brien. Enterprising to a
marked degree, these financiers began
their banking operations with the
princely capital of $10,000,000. Immense
sums were kept constantly in hand in
readiness for investment in any enter
prise which ordinary business prudenc
might recommend as safe and profit
able, and no project that had for it
object the development of the mmm
industry of the State was disregarded
For many years the management of th
bank was in the hands of Ml
Flood, but illness, which ultimately re
suited in his death, forced him to retir
from the managerial field. Unfavorabl
legislation in 1579 and the adoption
later of a new constitution, which
placed certain restrictions upon com
mercial banks, caused the hank to re
duce its capital to The Ne
vada Bank remained practically the
property of Its founders until 1890, when
It was reorganized by Isaias \V. Hell
man> who had associated with him a
large number of San Francisco's most
successful merchants and ca alists,
The conservative policy of Mr. Hell
man which prompted him to engage in
business affairs which yield the
returns and to eschew those which have
more than ordinary risks soon succeed
ed in placing the bank on a better basis.
President Hellman's management of
the bank was conspicuously successful
from the start. His sound policy won
the confidence of the business men of
San Francisco immediately. At the time
he assumed control of its affairs h<- \ .is
connected with many enterprises in th
southern part of the State. His name
in connection with any business affair
v.aa a guarantee to capital that the
project was sound and offered in'
ments for safe Investment. In a
Ing the presidency of the Nevada Bank
Mr. Hellman id not. relinquish his
presidency of the Farmers' and Mer
chants' Bank of Los Angeles, which he
still holds. Though his duties are mani
fold and often onerous, Mr. Hellman
discharges them with a vigor and
alertness which are remark hie. There
suit of the policy of Mr. Heilman is
evidenced by the remarkable increase
LARGEST CHEESE EVER MADE.
THIS trade trophy is the Canadian Mammoth Cheese, which was exhibited in
the Chicago exhibition, and was bought by Jubal Webb of Kensington.
The cheese weigh* 22,000 pounds, or cloee upon ten tons. It was moved
in a specially constructed steel case, slung upon iron girders, so that the
enormous weight might rest directly over the iron wheels of the specially
MMMtlUCted teak trolley. This trolley, by the way, was drawn, by eight power
ful horses belonging to the Midland Railroad. A spcial permit hud to be pro
cured from Scotland Yard to bring this extraordinary load through the London
>treet«. The authorities also mapped out a spedaj route with the view of ob
viating any possibility of the trolley and its burden going through into the sewers!
In one way this mammoth cheese may b« said to owe its inception to the Can
adian Government, working in conjunction with the Dominion farmers.
The milk was brought to the Dominion experimental farm in Ontario, and there
worked OO Into che«S«. by specially made machinery, which afterward exercised
upon it a pressure of 200 tons. S<> good mi tho cheese, that when, at the close
fof the exhibition, a "shaft" was sunk into the giant by means of a "trier,"' the
quality was found te be most excellent.
The mammoth cheese contained 207.200 pounds of milk, equal to one day's pro
duction of 10,000 COWSi :i nfl jt took ir ' i; ' ; <I; iirv maids t.i milk these COWS. The cut
' tins of the cheese was quite a great function. "The biggest chee«e the world has
ever seen" was six feet high and twenty-eight fc.t in circumference,
wh'le reading a book.
in the bank's business, to which refer
ence has heretofore been made
Personally, Mr. Hellman is a gentle
man who possesses many admirable
qualities. He is accessible at all times
and bis "pinions are frequently sought
on business matters, his judgment be
ing- considered entirely reliable, On
financial subjects he is a recognized
authority, and the local press is Indebt
ed to him for many valuable opinions
on matters affecting the public policy.
As one of the many evidences of his
ability to financier large transactions,
the recent placing here so successfully
of the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railroad bonds by the syndi
cate, of which he was the head, is" con
spicuous.
In January of tin present year the bank
was nationalized under the name of
The Nevada National Hank of San
Francisco, a step which has marked a
new era in the prosperity of the insti
tution. The increase of business
since the nationalization of the bank
is in many respects remarkable. On
December Ist last the condition of the
bank was as follows:
ASSETS.
Loans and discounts % 4,475, 4S
United States bonds 1,423,4:12 80
Miscellaneous bonds 806,354 74
Customers' liability on letters of ........
_ credit 781,15106
Furniture and fixtures 4 000 00
Money on hand 4,739,269 82
Exchanges for clearing 1 house 249.299 30
Due from banks 1,736456 CC
Redemption fund with United States
Treasurer 495 00
lets |14,2:tT,81G 86
LIABILITIES.
Capital $ 3,000,000 00
Undivided profits 847,972 18
Sterling credits, etc n. 781,131 06
Deposits, banks 2,408,205 64
Deposits, individuals 7. 1 .'■. ;s.' '."•
Total liabilities 114.2J7.816 86
On February 18 last the assets of the
bank amounted to $10,187,776 99. The
Increase in ten months aggregated
1 $4,050,039 87. On the date named the
■ amount of money on hand was $2,387,
1509 12, while on December Ist it whs
t M.739,368 82, an Increase of 12,351,860 60.
: The deposits of individuals in February
! amounted to $4,384,978 23 and on Dec
cember Ist these aggregated $7,140,
487 98, an increase of about 70 per cent.
; These figures indicate in a measure the
confidence of the business community
in the stability of the concern, partieu
j lnrly since its enrollment in the list of
I national banks. The increase of busi
] ni'ss has been uniformly steady during
I the past year, and it has at the present
I writing shown no signs of diminishing.
The Nevada National Bank of San
j Francisco does a general commercial
business and issues letters of credit
' available in all parts of the world. It
j has correspondents in all the leading
cities of the globe, the more notable
! being the American Exchange National
and Importers' and Traders' National
banks In New York, the Union Bank
of London, Limited, in London, and the
I Credit Lyonnais in Paris.
The officers of the bank are: Isaias
W. Hellman, president; John F. Bifce
low, vice president; D. IJ.1 J . Davidson,
cashier.
Among the directors are many of the
leading business men of San Francisco.
| Chief among these are John W. Hack
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
ay, the bonanza king, one of its foun
ders, and James L. Flood, son of the de
ceased bank president. Levi Strauss
and Henry L. Dodge are names which
stand high in the business world of
San Francisco. The other directors are
Henry P. Allen. D. N. Walter. C. de
Guigne, Robert Watt and John F. Bige
low.
THE BANK OF
CALIFORNIA
ONE OF THE LEADING FACTORS
IN THE DEVELOPMENT
OF SAN FRANCISCO.
Romantic History of the Institution
Since Its Birth in 1864 to
the Present Time.
The second decade of the history of
Sun Francisco marks the foundation of
The Bank of California, one of the
soundest financial institutions to-day
not only of the Pacific Coast, but of
the entire Union. When the story of
the commercial development of San
Francisco comes to be written in detail
it will be found that The Bank of Cali
fornia was one of the most important
factors that contributed to the city's
progress from a mere hamlet to the
proud distinction of metropolis of the
Pacific Coast.
The early history of banking in San
Francisco is a record of conservatism,
enterprise and energy, as well as fluc
tuation, disaster and prosperity. The
numerous banks which existed in this
city prior to April. 1564. when The Bank
of California was incorporated, were
founded upon ephemeral principles, for
the reason that they depended upon the
business attending the operation of
the mines, which was liable to die away
at any moment. When, however, agri
culture in California became a n
nized industry and the magnificent re-
Bources of the State were being de
veloped, it infused new life into bank
ing, and added the element of security
to the operations of financial institu
tions. Many new banks sprang into ex
istence, and competition naturally be
came so keen that the weaker "were
crowded to the wall and numerous
failures were recorded. Aprlnilture
had become a strong rival of mining
and while the first was building ur the
financial resources of the common-
W< rilth, the other began to make ex
tensive drafts upon the coin reserves in
the banks. With the expansion of the
field for the profitable investment of
capital the rate of interest declined,
and this competition growing keener
year by year tested to the utmost the
strength of the institutions that sur
vived.
The incorporation of The Rank of Cal
ifornia at a period when other institu
tions of recognised strength were
forced to retire from the field proved
that its founders were no ordinary men
These were D. O. Mills am! William C.
Ralston, the first being president and
the Becond cashier of the new institu
tion. The secretary of the bank was
Stephen Franklin, a business man of
no mean ability. The capital stock at
the beginning of the bank's career was
fix.-d at $3,000,000. Borne of the best
known business men of the city at that
time were associated with the bank's
affairs, and at the first meeting or
stockholders the following were elected
as a board of directors: William C.
Ralston, Louis McLane, 'William Nor
ris. J. Whitney Jr., Thomas Bell, Her
man Michels, John O. Earl and O. F.
Giffln.
Two years after the incorporation, in
1866, the capital stock was increased to
$5,000,000, but owing to unfavorable
legislative enactments it was found
necessary in 1881 to reduce the stock
to its original figure of $3,000,000. at
which it has remained to the present
day.
The affairs of the bank prospered un
ceasingly until June, 1873, when Presi
dent Mills resigned. He was succeeded
in that office by Mr. Ralston in July of
the same year. The administration of
the affairs of the bank by Mr. Ralston
forms an interesting chapter in the
history of the bank, including as it
does the elements of romance and
tragedy, which culminated simultane
ously In the suspension of the bank on
Aueiist 26, 1876. and the melancholy
suicide of President Ralston in conse
quence of the disaster which over
whelmed him.
The rich discoveries on the Oomstoek
had an electrical effect uw>n the San
Francisco banks, and The Bank of (Vili
fornia, conducted as it was by a man
of extraordinary liberality and enter
prise, was to suffer with many others
from the effects of over-confidence in
the permanence o f a fickle industry.
Flushed with the prospects of a golden
harvest, the bank officials did not scru
ple to loan as high as $000 on shares of
Comstoek stork during a period of un
exampled inflation and excitement.
The reaction which inevitably succeeds
inflation in any branch of human en
deavor overtook The Bank of California
at a time when it was least able to
stand the strain. The result was a sus
penslon which, because of its remark -
able features, was one of the most sen
aational <>f the period. In desnair of
seeing his cherished institution reha
bilitated, and confronted by Irretriev
able ruin, Mr. Ralston threw himself
into the bay and met a suicide's death.
Within forty days after the sus
pension of the bank its doors were
opmed to the public and every obliga
tion met dollar for dollar. A new issue
r.f stock was subscribed by the best
men In the city, and under the adminis
tration of President Mills it entered
upon a new career of prosperity. He
resigned the office of president in April,
IS7B, and was succeeded by William Al
vord, who has since that time ably con
ducted the affairs of the bank.
President Alvord became a director
of the bank in January, 1888, but re
signed In September of the same year.
Subsequently, in November. 1871, he
wi's re-elected as director and served in
that capacity continuously since. He is
a financier of repute, whose sound judg
ment and conservative poJicy have as
serted themselves on more than one
occasion. During the panic of 1893,
when runs were made upon other in
stitutions, the affairs of The Bank of
California progressed as usual, scarce
ly without incident. Indeed, it seemed
as If nothing was occurring to startle
th" financial world. T'nder President
Alvord's guidance the bank rode the
storm In safety, and holding the con
fidence of the whole community It is
stronger to-day than In any period of
Its eventful history.
Associated in the management of the
bank is Thomas Brown, one of the most
astute financial men- of the country.
His connection with the bank dates
from October, IS7O, when he was elect
ed assistant cashier. In July, 1873, he
was elected cashier, a position he has
held with signal success ever since. Mr.
Brown is a recognized authority on
matters of finance, and his Judgment
may be relied upon in every emer
gency. He is an affable gentleman and
moves in the highest circles.
The assets of the bank aggregate
over $17,000,000, of which $3,000,000 is
cash on hand. Its investments are
principally in bonds and stocks, and its
surplus exceeds 53.000,000. There is due
depositors an aggregate of about
$10,000,000.
Among the commercial banks of San
Francisco none stands higher in
the public estimation than the
Hank of California. It is this that has
secured for the bank a volume of busi
ness almost princely In its proportions.
The business transacted embraces
every branch of legitimate banking, in
cluding: tho issuance of foreign and do
mestic exchange and the careful, sys
tematic making of collections. Letters
of credit available in all parts of the
world are issued.
The officers of the bank are: William
Alvord, president; Charles R. Bishop,
vice president: Thomas Brown, cashier:
S. Prentiss Smith, assistant cashier;
I. F. Moulton, second assistant cashier;
Allen M. Clay, secretary.
The directors include the following
well-known capitalists and busines*
men: James M. Allen. William Bab
cock, Antoine Borel, H. H. Hewlett,
Myer Lewis. Charles R. Bishop, Adam
Grant, Edward W. Hopkins, Jacob
Stern, George Whittell.
The bank's correspondents are: New
York, Messrs. Laidlaw & Co.. the Bank
of New York. N. B. A. ; Baltimore. The
National Exchange Bank: Boston, The
National Shawmut Bank; Chicago. Illi
nois Trust anJ Savings Bank, Union
National Bank; Philadelphia. Philadel
phia National Bank: St. Louis, Boat
men's Bank: Virginia City, New,
agency of The Bank of California;
London. Messrs. N. M. Rothschild &
Sons; Paris, Messrs. de Rothschild
Freresf Berlin, Direction der Disconto
Gesellschaft; China. Japan and East
Indies, Chartered Bank of India, Aus
tralia and China: Australia and New
Zealand, The Union Bank of Australia,
Limited, and Bank of New Zealand.
HIBERNIA BANK.
A Famous Institution, With Assets
Aggregating $42, 570,454.
The Hibernla Bank, which occupies
; a palatial home at the corner of Jones,
! Market and McAllister streets, is the
j leading savings institution west of Chi
cago. Incorporated in April, 1859, it has
grown from a humble beginning to
colossal proportions, so that to-day its
total assets of $4^,370,454 astound the
financial world.
The bank has no capital stock. There
is due depositors $39,687,308 and _the re
! serve fund amounts to $2,883,145. The
i conservative policy of James It. Kelly,
1 president, and Robert J. Tobin. secre
> tary, has raised the bank to a high
j plane of prosperity. Its loans are gilt
i edged and yield sufficient income to af
j ford the payment of good interest to
j depositors on their deposits.
The directors of the bank are: R. J.
I Tobin, James R. Kelly, Alfred Tobin,
I Charles Mayo. R. N. Tobin. Patrick
i Crowloy. J. S. Tobin and E. J. Tobin.
Anglo-Californian Bank.
Among the solid financial institu
tions of San Francisco none stands
higher among business men than the
Anglo-Californian Bank. It was or
ganized in April. 1873, and has a capi
tal stock of $6,000,000, of whi-.i $3,000,
000 has been subscribed and nearly
$2,000,000 paid in. The surplus aggre
gates $700,000.
The management of the bank is in
the hands of Ignatz Steinhart and P.
N\ Lilienthal. A general banking busi
ness is transacted, including the issu
ance of hills of exchange, commercial
and travelers' letters of credit, collec
tions, buying and selling of bonds,
stocks and bullion.
The correspondents of the bank in
clude the best known banks in all the
lareer cities of the world. The London
directors of the bank are E. H. Lush
ington. Isaac Seligman, Joseph Sebag
Montefiore and J. Simon.
A STRONG CONCERN.
The Continental Building and Loan
Association of California.
To the wage-earner of small means
the question of how to secure a home
for himself and family ever presents
itself. He who is compelled to pay
rent equal to one-quarter of his income
rinds that a life of constant drudgery
confronts him. How then shall this be
avoid* d?
The question is easily answered —
build your home on the installment
plan. Instead of paying rent every
month, which is a total loss of so much
capital, devote the money to payments
on your own property. Within ten
years the home is paid for and the
question of rent no longer disturbs the
si lenity of the owner.
Of all the plans which appeal to the
consideration of property owners the
best is that of the building and loan as
sociation. There are many of these in
stitutions in California, but there is
none which stands higher in public es
timation or whose operations are larger
than those of the Continental Building
and 1/ian Association of California, lo
cated at 222 Sansome street, San Fran
cisco. This powerful concern was or
ganized in ISB9, and has built more
homes in this State than any other in
stitution in the same line.
The solidity of the association is evi
denced by its large capital, amounting
to $7,250,000, of which $1,2r.0.000 has
been actually paid in. Its profits and
reserve fund amount to $140,000, while
its monthly income is $75,000.
It should not be imagined that the
business of this association is confined
exclusively t<> making- loans on real
estate in San Francisco. On the con
trary money is loaned to parties all
over the State, and some 1327 mort
gages are held on property in sixty-five
cities and towns in California. Branches
have been established to the number of
L'ir> in the leading cities and towns of
the State. Its extensive business has
been a blessing to wage-earners, for it
enabled thousands to secure homes of
their own. In 1597 one-tenth of all the
homes erected in California were built
by its aid, and this jear one-eighth of
the homes were erected with capital
furnished by the association.
It is very essential that the wage
earner of small means who desires to
secure a home for his family should
Identify himself with the safest and
most prosperous building association
in the business. The figures given above
show that the Continental Building
and Loan Association possesses these
two qualities to a marked degree and
its prosperity is a guarantee of the
prosperity of every member. The bur
densome interest and premiums exacted
by smaller associations are not exacted
by the Continental Building and Loan
Association, but, on the contrary, the
most favorable terms are given to bor
rowers.
The officers of the association are
gentlemen of high standing and repu
tation in the business world. Its di
rectors are realty experts, as "well as
conservative business men, qualities
which insure a management of affairs
in the interests of the loaher as well
;is the borrower. Every member of the
association shares in the profits, a
favor which a borrower from any other
source fails to enjoy.
The president of the association is
Dr. Ed E. Hill, and the vice president.
Captain Oliver Eldridge. The general
manager and secretary is William Cor
bin.
JOHN G. EDWARDS
Will Represent San Francisco in the
State Board of Equalization.
J. G. Edwards, member-elect of the
State Board of Equalization to repre
sent the First or San Francisco Dis
trict in the board, is a widely known
journalist of this city, he having been
for years editor and proprietor of the
Coast Review. He is in touch Avith
all matters pertaining to business on
this coast, and his election as a State
Equalizer cannot fail to be of benefit
to the -ople of this district.
Mr. Edwards is a Grand Army vet
eran of prominence and he was Instru
mental in securing money to establish
the Veterans' Home at Yountville. He
has taken an active part in politics for
years past, but until recently never as
pired to office. He is the successor of
A. Chesebrough on the State Board of
Equalization, and that he will prove
worthy of the trust reposed in him it is
safe to promise.
The cost of a heating plant for the Vati
can, capable of warming its thousands of
rooms, has been tigurert on by competitive
bidders, the lowest figure being $180,000.
Tlii' Pope declines to incur the expense,
though great difficulty is experienced in
keeping nis apartments warm enough for
comfort in his old age.
....ESTABLISHED 1852....
WELLS, FARGO & CO.
BANK,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
CASH CAPITAL 88,550,000 OO
JOHN d. VALENTINE President
HOMER S. KING ------- Mnmgsr
H. WADS WORTH ------- Cashier
F. L. LIPMAN ------ Assistant Cashier
H. L. MILLER ----- Second Assistant Cashier
NEW YORK . . H. B. Parsons, Cashier
BRANCHES! SALT LAKE . . J. E. Dooly, Cashier
PORTLAND, Or. . R. M. Dooly, Cashier
LONDON BANKERS— Messrs. Glyn, Mills, Currie & Co.
STATEMENT OF CONDITION
At Close of Business, July 30, 1898.
ASSETS.
Loans $9,565,076 19
Bonds, Stocks and Warrants 1,139,894 77
Real Estate 1 ,329, 146 07
, Furniture and Fixtures 16,845 29 .
1i Miscellaneous Assets 9,550 81
*p^i Due from Banks and Bankers . . . 395, 145 04 £?&.
Cash 3,426,507 62 JSpT
• $15,882,165 79 '"
LIABILITIES.
Capital, paid up $ 500,000 00
Surplus 5,750,000 00
Undivided Profits 818,065 32
Deposits, Banks and Bankers 2,082,766 78
Depos.ts, Individual 6,73 1,333 69
$15,882,165 79
A General Banking Business Transacted.
Domestic and Foreign Exchange Bought and
Sold.
Travelers' and Commercial Credits Issued, v*£(
Available in All Parts of the World.
Bullion and Mexican Dollars Bought and
Sold.
Co/lections Made Promptly and Economically.
Accounts Received on Favorable Terms.
£Y^ Correspondents in Europe, Asia, Africa, North
*a> a n d South America, Australia and
Oceanica.
Special Attention Given Mercantile Accounts.
«OOOOO«Oi(»Di5O«OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO.«S«OOOO0aOO'OOO
W. S. DAVIS. ; . CARL A. HENRY. . B. L DAVIS
...DAVIS & HENRY...
•• • JL*^ jLe Jl xihb3^ « -» i JLhm^ Jl mJI -»- •• •
STATE AGENTS OF THE
Greenwich Fire Insurance Co. of the City of New York,
American Fire Insurance Co. of the City of New York,
Maryland Casualty Company of Baltimore, Md.
SAN FRANCISCO AGENTS FOR
A Strong Line of American and Foreign Fire Insurance* Companies.
CAPITAL REPRESENTED ASSETS REPRESENTED
$12,500,000. $50,34 7, 363.
OFFICE!
215 SANSOME STREET,
TELEPHONE 1100 MAIN. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
| The California
+
| Dry Dock Co.,
■ Office, 302 California St., ;H; HA mco .
m —
e^^^^^i TAKEN OUT EXPEDITIOUSLY
,^^^^^^^^^^fe Moderate Rates
...COMPANY'S DRY DOCKS...
]^BBsßß^y I . Foot of Spear .Street
i For CLEANING and PAINTING or for SURVEYS and REPAIRS.
■+ - ■ -■.■• — ■■■■■--: • ■ .-■-■.. -
? HUNTER'S POINT STONE GRAVING DOCK FLOATING DOCKS, SPEAR STREET,
m LENGTH 493 FEET,- I Length 301 Feet, Width 90 Feet.
T. WIDTH OF ENTRANCE 00 FEET. No. I— Capable of LJf ting 3000 tons.
JL ■-.-. DEPTH ON SILL 24 FEET. No. Capable of Lifting up to 1000 tons
HENRY B. SGHINDLER $• CAM \fS(^if£iiiii^ vczs '
Repairing Done in First-Class Style at Fair Prices for Good Work.
Weekly Call, $1 ,50 per Tear.
+ + + + + + + + + + + + ♦ +,+ *+,
"*■ ESTABLISHED IN 1856. "♦"
I TUBBS I
"*" * -f
"♦" MANUFACTURERS -f
+ « : l OF ALL SIZES OF 4.
I MANILA AND it
X SISAL ROPE,t
J Binder Twine, Lath ♦
♦ Yarn, Drilling Cables, ♦
X Whale Line, Rope +
X I for Transmission of ♦
♦ Power. +
X 607, 689, 611 and 613 X
t FRONT STREET, t
V^ SftlS FRfINCISCO. '
4. FACTORY AT 4,
+ POTRERO. 4.
±± ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦
AMERICAN OSSTHiGT
« TELEGRAPH „•„
I (uLLUilnrnisiariisiiii
MAIN OFFICE
....607 MARKET STREET....
BRANCH OFFICES:
' 22S California st. I Golden Gate a.v»., cor. Tay-
lor; 205 Butter St.; 833 Sutter, near Leaven-
worth; Valencia and Twent"-second Bts.;
Hayes and Larkln sts. : 2407 Califor-
nia St., near Ftllmore.
New Branch Office Opened at 116 Powell st.
YOU PULL DOWN THE HANDLE.
OUR MESSENGER DOES THE REST!
IF YOU HAVE NO CALL BOX PLEASE
TELEPHONE TO
Main 204—607 Market St.,
. — oh Opposite Montgomery.
East 305 — Sutter & Leavenworth.
— -OR
! South — 2 Golden Gate aye.,
, OR — <- Corner Taylor.
Grant 106—205 Sutter St.;
Above Kearny.
FOR MESSENGER
HOLIDAY PACKAGES
Delivered by messenger to
any part of this city, Oak-
land, Alameda, etc., at
reasonable rates. No delay.
ALUMINUM
ANTIMONY
BABBITT METAL All Grades.
BISMUTH
COPPER
Braziers' Sheet Copper.
Cold or Hard Rolled Copper.
Mirror Finish or Polished Copper.
Engraving Copper for Etchers and
Engravers.
Copper Bottoms.
Hound an.l Oval Tits and FlaU.
Soldering Coppers for Tinners, Can-
ners and Roofers.
Bolt Copper, etc.
BATTERY ZINCS
SLAB ZINC
LEAD
Pig Lead.
Bar Lead.
Calking Lead.
Lead Sash Weights.
LINOTYPE METAL
STEREOTYPE METAL .
j (Used by all the leading Pacific Coast Papers.)
SOLDER tor
Tinners.
! Plumbers.
Canners.
PIG TIN, Etc.
SPECIAL BRANDS OF ROOFING IiNT.
I Pacific Metal Works— Old Process,
Made of best Siemens Martin
Hammered Steel, heavily coated by
hand; free from wasters. We guar-
antee this equal in all respects to
any plate that can be offered.
PONTYMISTER— (Old PtylP)
One of the oldest and best brands
redipped plate.
FRISCO
Beat of the common plates.
PACIFIC METAL WORKS,
137-139 First Street,
SA2ST PRANOISOO, CAL..
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KKAiINY A.M." VVAbiiIMiTON STB.— Rf[.
modeled and renovated. [UNO, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms EOd to $1 5o day;
$5 to $S week; JS to $30 munth. '■'ree baths; hot
and cold water every room; tire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.
3132
AMBROSE'S CHRISTJVI/IS QIFT.
BY OCTAVE THANET.
Continued From Page Twenty-three.
reverie, bawled: "Let 'er 'lone, cayn't ye! How come ye everlastin'ly pesterin'
that child? Set damvn:"
Ambrose, directing a glance of entreaty at Miss Carroll, did sit down, but
only to regret his obedience, because, as Miss Carroll moved the camera a
little to rest it more firmly, one leg of the tripod was caused to make a motion
resembling a stci> fbrward.
Pearl thought tftt monster who took "mean" children was advancing to
seize her. " ith a stream of fright she leaped away. There was no railing,
and the little body toppled backward into the swift current.
Ambrose kicked off his shoes and sprang afte* her. One had not even time
ti scream before he was cleaving the waters; and they could hear his high,
eweet, childish voice: "Hole up, honey. Bud's a-comin'! Bud'll tote ye ashore."
Medlark would hay.? flung himseJf into the water "tad not the ferryman
grabbed his shoulder, crying: "Ye c. yn't swim a stroke and the boy kin.
Learnt him myseff. By thunder, look a'him!"
Medlark lifted his blanched face for a single dreadful glimpse — enough to
see a yellow head whirled cai the waves, ami juct behind a twisted hand lifted
to clutch. He covered his eyeballs as If they were blasted. Suppose those
crooked fingers could not hold! AVlio had brutally broken them?
"O, Lord! I be'.n a bad, cruel father: — but 'taint her fault! " he cried in
his distress. "Don't let my baby drown!"
"Ambrose has caught her." Miss Carroll's voice reached him now. "He
is a splendid swimmer! He is trying to make for the shore."
"Cayn't we paddle out t' him?" called V. ;d!ark. He grabbed an oar and
began to pull feverlshl.v.
"Naw, sir, ye cayn't,*' said the ferryman, "the current's a blamed sight tew
strong. The boy'U be duowndid or on shore afiore we kin git f him. But pull
away, 'twill cii^- you" mind, sorter. Hark to the boy. will ye? Ef he 'ain't
tellin" the baby f play boss in the water an' hole on t' his wether. He's the
echemiest buy I ever did .;•■■."
"She's doing it. too," cried Miss Carroll, almost with a sob of exultation.
"He has swum with her in the water before. See! See!"
The buy was swimming straight with the current. He had wisely chosen i
to swim across where the lajid jutted o-ut, ■grith the current rather than at right '■
angles to the nearer shore.
Even in his mortal feaJ Medlark, who was as daring a man as lived, and
who had owed his own life more than once to his cool head, felt a thrill of pride >
at his boy's courage.
i Bwear I'll never lift a hajid agin him, if he gits off," vowed the father
"O, Lord, I'll do better by 'em all!"
"It's a right srnari of a ways." said the ferryman, "an' he looks sorter punv
like. He's worked tew hard; but mobbe he kin make out."
"Waal, " he continued, "ajl we kin do fer him is f put our trus' in the Lord'
Naw. we don' needier, nuther, lease ho done got his footin". Will ye look a'
him a wavin' his ban' at us? Say, Medlark, I'll take that ar boy off you' hands '
ony day ye say, an' engage t* treat him better'n ye done, tew."
Medlark said not a word fo these taunts. Perhaps he couldn't, for the tears !
were rolling down his cheeks. When tht:y finally reached the children Pearl :
was no worse for her bath, but Ambrose looked ready to cry. His first words ■
Avert-: "O, Miss Carroll, I done lost, 'em!"
"Lost, what, Bud?" cried the ferryman. "Ain't ye both safe an" soun"> Do I
ye want the earth?" " I
"They was beautiful picters Miss Carroll drawed er sis," said Ambrose i
almost sobbing, "an' one was you' Christmas gift, paw, an' its' plumb "one I
war so sot on gittin 1 tcr sis, I didn't think onct 'baout 'em till we stepped j
She's my < hristmaa present from you, Ambrose," said the father snatch
ing the drenched baby to his breast. Something- crackled under the nressiire
He put the child down suddenly with a pale face. pressuie.
As they walked homo. Medlark \vs.^ very silent. He told Ambrose in r,,,-,
ahead with Pearl. Tm a cipheriif suthin in my head," said he? "addin 1 U p
He was simply trying to compnte how much money he had lnvo«t»H i«
lotteries. He did not oeed any time for the computation on the other side of
the account, for there was nothing- to compute. He hummed the tae-end of
an old rhyme: L<tß enu or
Aught's a naught, a fIKS er's a figger;
Aughfs for the white m an, naught's for the nigger.
"An' lotteries done made a nigger of me," was his grim conclusion
Ambrose was equally grave; but he had other subjects for thought
That night the schoolbojse was like a sieve, leaking light into the dusin
forest from .very chink. It stood alone on the edge of the woods IrTti,;
vca.ls cross. On a grea black walnut tree a lantern was hung to e-uinV YkZ
horsemen and drivers and thus.' on foot, who came swinging their own hm>
as if they were so many fireflies. You could hear the laughter and th* i 11 :
singing away down the road, before they came Families came tne-oth r ■-, !
eluding the baby with his bald head and red flannel gown. Omits W^V '■
blankets were used where shawls were scarce. Not all the Christmas « n i
had whole clothes; but hardly a man or woman or child was the™ £wl I %\
not brought a gift for some one else. s there who had j
All the Medlarks were present— Mrs. Medlark very flushed and nm,^ *h l
children In their best, and Medlark. who had no best, in the unummi i' * ,
his hair cut. Such a magnificent heap as lay on Mrs. Medlark's lan- a ° '
shawl from the Francises; a bonnet from Miss Carroll- plated «],', ?™ j
Mrs. Carroll. She would touch these treasure* occasionally and hJ from;
breath, but it was the little things from the children— Ambrose's nil i' *t P !
Clay's saueer-that had kindled the happy light in her eves i " i! th ' and !
Clay and Pearl had unexpected gifts which seemed to them' ™, J? se and I
and their faces shone; but. though he held a new pair of gloves S . go^ geous . i
pipe in his hand, Dr. Medlark's face was far less cheerful than it Ambrose ' 3
He was thinking of the money, which he could not remember with™,, t0 be ''
pang, though it was safely back in its place; and for the first tim a guilt y |
took his children's presents, he had not thought, easily "Oh win ' WJler » he |
I'll have plenty, maybe, to give them all round!" Instead he rnm^' , year 1
empty hands with his wife's and Ambrose's struggles to give f " n^ rasted his!
onliest Christmas gift I got to give them is jest to promise solemn tl!' " Th ,* '
I'll never send another cent to a Littery!" he thought sadly and \ti ZT yself !
wondered at his downcast air. But, in a second, his own face and Carroll
faces with wrinkles in them lightened at aji irrepressible scream t ?y? y other
Ambrose. Of course, it was over the new photographs which fen™, A Joy from
printed for him. MIBS ( - ar roll had
"< >h, ain't we all got beautiful presents!" he cried.
His father gently patted his head, and his mother answered nut r.r * „
heart: "Yes. we has. son. bless the Lord!" nswered out of a full
But th- best present that she received that night was the nrp^nt «,•
secret, but working its blessing openly— the vow that her husband mart* y. m
of her son, and has faihfully kept to this day. and made - because
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories High
A combination for Christ-
mas — oak bookcase and
writing desk, with fancy
bevel mirror; ample pig-
eon holes for letters and
stationery, i Other book-
cases and desks, in oai<
and mahogany, in varied
designs, this one $13,50
Christmas is but a week off. Let it
be remembered by some substantial
article, which will remain in the home
for years, adding to the comfort and
pleasure of the recipient. Seven im-
mense floors full of tine furniture to
select from.
If she plays get her a music cabinet.
We've a dozen styles and prices, but
one that is particularly interesting, is in
imitation mahogany, piano finish, Roc-
occo top, with fancy bevel mirror and
bric-a-brac shelf, at $6,50
Solid oak china closet, with glass
front; a Christmas present for Christ-
mas china, or for every day chinaS7.so
CARPET DEPARTMENT
In the rug room in the annex, are col-
lected specimens of art from all over
the world. It's worth seeing.
Here's something may interest you—
gray fur rug, 27x60 inches 51.25
gfF" See ad in Tuesday's papers.
. J ree delivery, Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley
M, FRIEDMAN & CO.,
233 to 237 Poet St.. S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18. 1893.
Postage on the Holiday Edition of
The Call will be: Domestic, 3 cents-
Foreign, 6 cents.
Osaka, Japan, has twenty-eight ship-
yards.
SERVICES TO BE HELD THIS D-A.IT .A.T TKE CITY CHURCHES.
First Baptist Church, Eddy street, near Morning— "Why So Few Conversions?"
Jones— Rev. E. A. Woods. Kvening— "Girlhood and Womanhood,"
I with prelude on "A Free Revival."
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street.
Twenty-second— Rev. J. G. Gibson.
near Morning— "The Trial of Your Faith," by
■ the rector. Evening— "Christ Receiving
: Sinners."
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Morning— "Judah's Captivity."
"The Greeks' Unknown God."
Evening—
St. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets— Rev, William P.
Klrby.
Morning— High mass and sermon.
Ing— Vespers and benediction.
Even-
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets— Father P. J. Cummins.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
—Sermon and vespers.
St. Bren'lan' s Fremont
streets — Father Nugent.
and
Harrison
Morning— High mass and sermon,
ing — Vespers.
Even-
St. Brigid's. Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way—Father Cottle.
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
—Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Chrlsti, Alemany and
Croke streets— Salesian Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Cassini. Evening— 4 o'clock, vespers, ser-
mon and benediction.
St. Charles. Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
streets— Father Cummings.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing—Vespers and sermon.
St. Dominic's. Rush and Stelner streets-
Rev. Pius Murphy.
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 11
o'clock. Evening— "The God Man," by
Rev. James R. Newell.
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgom-
ery avenue— Father Carraher.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at high
mass. Evening — Vespers, benediction and
sermon.
All Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N* street
—Rev. LV O' Sullivan.
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vespers.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street — Jesuit Fathers.
Morning— "Watching a Preparation for the
Worthy Celebration of the Feast of Chlst-
mas," by Rev. George Burkard, S. J.
Evening— "The Virginity of Mary," by
Rev. B. Calzia, S. J.
St. James. Twenty-third and
streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
[ornlng— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening— Ves-
pers, benediction and a sermon.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard-
Father P. Scanlan.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening — Ves-
pers.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and!
O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast !
V. G.
Morning— Sermon at high mass by Rev. C.
A. Ramm. Evening— Sermon at vespers
by Rev. E. P. Dempsey.
St. Mary's Church. California and Dupont
streets— Paullst Fathers.
: Morning— Sermon by Father Nevlns on the
subject of "Inquiry." Evening — Sermon
at vespers by Father McCorry on "The
Other Wise Man."
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third-
Father Gray.
Morning— High mass and a sermon on the
Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St. Paul's. Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and
Church i
; Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
; Ing— Sermon and vespers.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont!
streets— Salesian Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon on the
subject of "Advent." Evening— Sermon in
Italian by one of the priests of the com-
munity.
■
•
St. Peter's. Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth— Father P. S. Casey.
Morning — Sermon on the Gospel. Evening —
Vespers, benediction and sermon.
St. Rose's. Brannan street, near Fourth-
Father Nugent.
Morning— High mass and sermon^ Evening
—Vespers and benediction.
Star of the Sea. Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue— Father Coyle.
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
—Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories, Hush street,
Stockton— Marist Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening-
Vespers and sermon.
First ChriHtlan, Mission and Twelfth
—Rev. F. S. Ford.
Morning— "Children in a Christian Home,"
by the rector. Evening— "The Relation of
the Gospel to the Law."
First Congregational, Post
streets— Rev. G. C. Adams.
and
Mason '
'Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11
I o'clock. Kvening— "Lazarus, Martha and
I Mary; a Sanctified Home."
Richmond Congregational. Seventh avenue .Morning— "Straining at Gnats and Swallow-
and Clement Btre«t— Rev. P. Coombe. ing Camels." Evening— "The Power and
Responsibility of the Board of Education
i for Civic Regeneration."
■" •*■ MllTWirnninFrnriiiVif I T - - - ■■"■"'
HALES.
Santa Claus wonders what toys he should give to the boys and girls of our new possessions !
Santa Claus is in a quandary,
For he don't know what to make '
For the children of the islands ;
That our boys from Spain did take.
He has scratched his head and wondered
Ever since that Spanish fuht—
Thinking what he woulJ leave these tots
On his trip of Christmas night.
Velocipedes they could not ride, •
For .ley have no shoes to wear;
The prickly pedals hurt their feet,
So they haven't any there.
It is too hot for clothing, too,
So of course he can't send that.
The only covering that they wear
Is a big Manila hat.
Of course, they've never seen our toys,
And would be afraid of them ;
But there's a thing that they can play —
A tune an a bamboo stem.
'Tis a tune that is familiar
To every true Yankee boy—
A tune that fills our hearts with glee
And makes us bubble with joy.
Now 1 think thatyou should guess it,
For it's Yankee Doodle Doo;
On their bamboo stems they play it,
Though their notes are not all true.
dolls.
— "~v_^. dressed jointed dolls,
r,,. >*£t* I bisque head, flowing
/ JCjejE-sOr^ hair, trimmed crepon
ufflKji-lT? dress, Dutch cap, slices
•fif-idEUtaJk ar "' stockings, 12u
JfflFjiL inches 50<J
■faPnT-* JEEr dressed jointed dolls,
VH&ffc^&f'b} bisque head, poke bon-
V.^&V^F fit net> shoes and stock-
l*worP% VM in « B flowing hair. 11
F?7l| ( y jjn inches 25c
ffJre^ _Qr*j worsted dolls, nicely
W/)ifiiSk dressed, in fancy
jiff II *-\\ colored worsted,
/ / SI ' 13 inches "' 45 C
dressed jointed doll, jC^£!j?*~i-v
bisque head, moving /o9*' :ril^^&s\
eyes, curly hair, shoes /•. '■-. \
and stockings, fitted / •*! /\ /< \
with Gainsborough hat, / /to. /AX // i
16 Inches $1.25 / /\V/-\w7 1
t~h ir
*<» * 1 jlf I
wool sheep on platform C*2j&?^
and wheels. r I Ir***/
7% in. high 2P»c \ II /
S^s in. high ..sOc ■ u-|ir{
12,4 In. high 91 IP/kA
nice toys for young ones •h"'
Dutch doll furniture, in box 13x5^4, all ;
new designs, packed in lithographed j
box sOc i
table damask.
bleached, two yards wide, elegant
patterns, double damask; per yard,
$1, $1.25 and $1.50.
table covers.
tapestry table covers, elegant assort-
ment of colorings; 8-4 size; new price,
$2 and $3 each.
supporters.
ladies' satin gored belt supporters of
silk frilled, web and velvet, grip clasp,
sOc and 73c pair,
plain and fancy frilled silk elastic by
the yard,
15c to sOc.
side combs.
both carved shell and rhinestone.
shell,
25c to 75c pair.
Rhinestone,
75c to $2 pair.
large line of pompadour combs.
Frisco's greatest mail-order house! 937 to 947 TWeirlcet Street.
\a/« \a/111 ship anything any\A/here any way you order.
HALES.
Js^*z^jGa^ rYrrrr^
a
store open every
night until Xmas.
i tricycles.
_^ .-* 1 easy to control,
(qV \ mcc h a nically
x"^^©\ V perfect, very
ZsAjES^A V strongly made:
r3a£^ls|3^3K. 22-inch wheel, 5
20-inch wheel, 3to 5 years ..$4 50
18-inch wheel, 2to 3 year 3 $3 50
shoo-fly rockers, ■ijfck.
upholstered, box %s\ r-v
in front for hold- J^^^V^
ing toys, 43 in- t 3£§C\Jxr~\ i
ches long..J«l 25 n^^^^SX?"
39 inches long #1
plain seat 75c
■ _ — i — T|ii tool chests for
W <rzfzT I the little men:
Mhard wood box,
18x6%, 17 tools,
jjVg^^npPJjF 3 all included....
JJ^NiTAjs^iy 14 tools 75c
gTCrggg&fr^ 11 tools i...".i '.'..". 4Oc
willow spring
and baby jumper, two spiral springs
and ropes $ 1 75
garden tools, three-set piece, spade,
hoe and rake, 30-inch handle Use
horseshoe mirror, 6x5 15c
Celluloid painted medallion front
shaving pad, 5%x3% inches 15c
Rouche Fils et Cie, 1 oz extracts.3sc
1 oz bottle German cologne 10c
triple extracts, assorted perfumery.
lOc
time arid worry saving Hints for Christmas gifts :
| infants' wear.
I fine nainsook long dresses, lace and
j tuck front, lace neck and cuffs,
$1.00.
I
I short nainsook dresses, hem-
I stitched and embroidery trimmed
yoke, embroidery ruffle over shoul-
d er, neck and cuffs,
$1.25.
i long cream cashmere coats, deep
' cape, all over embroidery; cm-
i broidery bottom,
$1.50.
infants' India silk bonnets, all over
embroidery, trimmed crown, large
frill lace ruche front, ribbon
trimmed, large frill strings,
$1.00.
infants' bonnets, just as sweet as
any mother could wish for gifts,
50c to $3.50 each.
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Morning— "Our Forefathers of the Nine-
teenth Century."
Vermont street,
•. W. H. Tubb.
Morning— "Behold God Is My Salvation."
Evening — "The Lord Has Founded Zion,
and the Poor of His People Shall Trust
In it."
gational. Seventeenth and Noe
•. H. T. Shepard.
Morning— ''Man's Omnipotence."
— "Berean Nobility."
Evening
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Morning— "The Silence of Christ." Even-
ing— "Christianity and the Labor Prob-
lem."
Church of the Advent, Eleventl
Market— Rev. J. A. Emery.
Morning— Sermon.
Evening— Song service.
Grace Episcopal, California and Stockton
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock.
— Sermon.
Evening
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening —
Sermon by the rector.
St. Cornelius Chapel. Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning— Special service for the soldiers.
Evening— Sermon and instruction.
St John the Evangelist, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spalding.
Morning— Divine service and sermon at 11.
Evening — Sermon.
St. Mary the Virgin, Union and Sterner
streets— Rev. H. Parrish.
Morning — Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11.
Evening— Evensong and sermon at 8.
St. Paul'B Episcopal, California street,
FUlmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
[orning— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening — Song service and ser-
mon.
Trinity Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
Morning — Holy communion at 11 o'clock.
Evening— Sermon and Instruction.
St. Stephen's Church, Fulton street,
Webster— Rev. E. J. Lion.
Morning — Holy communion at 7 o'clock;
morning prayer at 11. Evening — Prayer at
7:45 o'clock; sermons at both services will
be delivered by one of the members of
the clergy.
St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes
Clergy of St. Stephen's Church.
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30 o'clock
Evening— Prayer at S o'clock, followed by
sermon.
St. Jamea' Episcopal Mission, Richmond'
District.
Morning— Prayer at 11 o'clock and a sermon
by clergy of St. Stephen's Church. Even-
ing—Prayer and sermon at 8 o'clock.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets — Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
Morning— 'Vhrist's Advent and Continuance
in the World." Evening— Sermon by the
rector.
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough — Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— "The Christmas Guest." Even-
ing— "The Glory of the Mystery."
Central Methodist' Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth-
Rev. C. E. Locke.
Morning— "Peculiar People." Evening—
"Our Christmas Savior Enshrined in Art."
California Street M. E. Church, Californ]
and Broderick streets — Frederic C. Lee.
j Morning— "One Thing That Job Knew"
i Evening— "New Lamps for Old Ones."
Howard Street M. E. Church, Howard:
street, between Second and Third.
Morning— "The Fullness of Time: or Why
Did Jesus Appear at That Particular Age
of the World?" Evening — "LivinK
Waters."
- King A. M. E. Zion Church, Stock-
ton street, near Clay— Rev. F. Brunn.
p. m.— Racial indignation meeting on the
recent mob violence and lynchingß in the
South. Evening— Sermon by the pastor on
"Thou Shalt Not Kill."
.
Bethel African V. E. Church. Powell
street, near Jackßon— Rev. W. B. Ander-
son.
Morning— "The Security, Supply and Hap-
plnesH of the Christian Church. " Even-
ing— "Looking Backward."
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth
avenue south and P street— Rev. W. D
Crabb.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Sermon and religious instruction.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evenlne—
Same.
Potrero M. E. Church. Tennessee and Sola-
no streets — S. M. Woodward.
Morning— Divine servires at 11
Evening— Sermon by the rector.
o'clock.
Richmond Methodist. Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. George Baugh.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock; Sunday
school at K:3O. Evening— Divine servle-P
at 7:30 o'clock.
Centenary M. E. Church. Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavia— Rev. C. R
Rlddick.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evenine—
Same.
Epworth M. E.
ty-elxth street
by the rector at 11 o'clock
a- followed by prayer ser-
v .
HALES.
toy trunks.
and the little ones
JUw— ] -^iJl3£. ' i like to use them,
/jSj^^yji*Ory 3 fc well made, fitted
TO = T§TMQ2I3 > with tray, lock and
li L'jJ— — ! nil key, just like Sara-
GSjrrilZj' M 1M 1 togas, 16-inch.... $1
xfes^T^TlXP 14-inch J)Oc ,
. >( /Q^tfe-» A:Es *'^ 12-inch 75c
Crokinole is an in-  £ !
tensely interesting jf^^,*» vfeA
game of skill, simi-«A^ '.".>' -^J^y
lar to billiards, box. „__^fs^* |
octagon > shaped, 32 BiuiwwiiTJ^^b
inches across. r»O '' \
fancy decorated hanging basket and i
bottle of perfumery ..15c i
gents' furnishings.
an elegant new line of tecks, four-in-
hands and bows; also a complete
show of puff ties. Gents' puff or teck
ties, light or dark, in a fancy box,
50c.
gents' silk handkerchiefs, silk em-
broidered initial:
19-inch with 1%-lnch hem 25c
20-inch with l'~-inoh hem 33 1-3e
22-lnch with l^i-inch hem sOc
extra heavy silk, 22-inch 7Oc
art goods.
eilk tidies, 40 inches long, hand-painted ends
65c to $1.50 each.
hand-embrolilered photo frames,
65c to $5.00.
hand-painted head rests,
$1.75 to $3.00.
elegant lace anil silk pincuchions,
75c to $4.50.
fancy bottles and bureau pets.
$2.50 to $22.50.
HALES.
a mark of good breeding is to send a
glove order for anXmas gift : good any
time before or after Xmas at any of
our seven stores.
wash sets.
children's wash
op set, consisting
y^pti=§Lijg* of tub, wash-
; PKn*Si2!L_ board, clothes
' pis*.. ' ' "jM&J dryer, red bench,
W— *jp<»y>w^» if^Tj 6 pieces, 23-inch
y-| If bench $1
} I ( I 17-inch 50c
wooden train, consisting of engine,
baggage and passenger car, 29 inches
long, and a new set of alphabet
blocks 50c
soldier suit for
our young sol-
tdien, suit, hat,
breast plate,
gun, sword, all
complete.Bl 50
soldier suit
without breast
plate Jjll
) negro, clown,
devil, Indian,
{ Chinaman, fat
'i^ boy, old woman,
old man masks..
lOc
brass finished y .^^"* !^w
rim drum, with /ir ,~~gjh
cord and ears, if J^^^m
13-inch #1 l/rfSiSll^^
11-inch SOc II j /rHIV ' fi
10-inch .' 65c \ X A HA
9-inch 45c \(\ /\ I V
rich suit lengths.
specially put up for gifts in fancy
boxes; price per length; the very
latest in fancy reps, two-toned
colors,
$17.50.
fancy two-toned crepons in black
and turquoise or black and helio-
trope,
$10.50.
fancy serpentine moire effects, in
fancy colors on corded grounds,
$9.00.
fancy silk and wool two-toned cre-
pons, in new colors,
$7.50.
elegant fancy cords in two-toned
colors,
$4.50.
(we shall be pleased to send patterns any-
where. State wishes fully as possible.
S;mpson Memorial M. E. Church. Hayes
and Huehanan streets — Rev. J. Stephens.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same.
St. John's Presbyterian, California and Oc-
tavia streets.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. E. Brown. Even-
ing—Meeting of the Christian Endeavorers
at 6:30 o'clock.
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street— Rev. R. Mac-
kenzie.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock, followed by
sermon by the rector. Evening— Sermon
and instruction.
First United Presbyterian,
avenue and Polk street.
Golden
Gate |
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
- ing— Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Lfhanon Presbyterian Church, Sanohez and
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey-
nolds.
Morning— Sermon by Professor Thomas F.
j Day. D.D., of San Anselmo Seminary.
Evening— Same.
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third
Capp streets— Rev. A. N. Carson.
and
Morning— "Parental Responsibilities and
Duties." Evening— "Abounding In the
Lord's Work."
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and
streets— Rev. F. R. Farrand.
Baker
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing— "From Prison to Throne."
Memorial Presbyterian. Eighteenth street
and Railroad avenue — Rev. H. N. Bevier.
Morning— ''The Blessedness of the Week."
Evening — "Responsibility."
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
streets— Rev. J. Ilemphlll.
Evening— "Christianity Founded on Fact."
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church Guerrero
street, near Twenty-third— Rev. W E
Dugan.
Morning— "Power of the Imagination."
Evening — "Christ a Gardener."
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streets— Rev. S. S. Cryor.
[Morning — "God's First Question to This
Race." Evening— "The Old, Old Story."
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
— Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
Morning— Sunday school at 10 o'clock;
morning service at 11. Evening— There is
no evening service.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Cano
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells. *<■**
i Morning— "What Remains After the Ques-
t ioning of To-day?" by the rector. Even-
ing— "The Way Which Is Called Heresy."
First Church of Christ, Scientist, '23 Sut-
ler Btreet-The Bible and Science and
Health, With Key to the Scriptures
; Morning— "The Captivity of Judah."
St Alban's Episcopal Mission-William
Badger, superintendent.
iMornlng— Services at 11 o'clock, followed by
Sunday school.
..—,■_ - - - . :
"*" Auditorlunl ' Mason and Ellis
3 p. in. — "King Solomon's Blunders," by
Mr Needham, to men only. During the
week Bible readings will be held at the
association every afternoon at 3 o'clock.
WATEBHOUSE & LESTEB.
Leading Importers of Wagon and
Carriage Material in the City.
The firm of Waterhouse & Lester at
16, 18, 20 a: 1 22 Beale street is one of
the oldest enterprises of its kind on
the Pacific Coast. The business of the
firm consists in the manufacture of
wheels and the importation of hard
woods, wagon and carriage material,
carriage hardware and trimmings of
every description.
The business was established at Sac
ramento about thirty years ago, but a
few years later was removed to this
city it is confessedly the largest of
us kind in the city. Its trade extends
over the entire coast and in this city
it is especially large. The management
of the firm has always been and is still
>n careful hands, a fact that accounts
for the steady increase of its trade
from year to year.
Build the Canal.
From the very first of its organization
the Merchants' Association has been a
stanch supporter of the proposition to
construct the Nicaragua canal under tho
management and ownership of the United
States. From time to time its influence
has been exerted to this end anil the last
expression was made on Friday at a spe
cial meeting of the committee on publicity
and promotion, when the following reso
HALES.
So let Santa give them music
Of Yankee Doodle Dandy
And give them swords and guns to bear
And feed them U. S. candy.
They want our country's- protection
.To help them against the powers ;
They need some nation to cheer them,
To guard them in troubled hours.
So we would suggest to Santa
A sword, a fi e or a gun;
Be given to all the natives
Who are over twenty-one.
Uncle Sam can get the soldiers
Wo will show them how to aim, ■
And with gun- and proper training
They'd build up a nation's fame.
We only make the suggestion,
Santa knows better than we;
But ive them something practical —
Something to make tnem all free.
If you ask these dark-sk inned natives
For their greatest wish of all,
They will asK to be a nation,
Though it be so very small.
So let's send a note to Santa
And ask him to bring them things
To help them build up a country
Where the bell of freedom rings.
toy pianos.
f tlj^-. tne very best made
fKA'eftJT^^TJ upright, imitation
u <g£ggls rosewood, bellmetal
I 'ill flSfiSw 18° notes #1 45
//• tfTF ; •llllfl 12 notes $1 OO
S! |lL— — =^ S notes 50c
'^^VjW a very complete tor-
pedo boat, will be
' a great favorite this year:
j 33 inches long «j;i OO
i 26 inches long sOc
18 inches long ....Usc
TO FILL CHRISTMAS i^JSjg,© o
STOCKINGS.
A world of funny lit- i/sSgipras»??
tie arrangements to fill eftBf*^^§ij
up the stockings of dig- n jri'ih^^L
\ nified folks— fish-pond o^-is£r^fp3
trinkets. m^^fcZ=^s
J»-v steam engine, upright
.jJirisi has whistle, driving
r^-fl Z^ - a " d Water gauge"
J— jtt 10% inches $1 oo
I (|l 8 inches ,-; <>c
/ A \ ' Ijj toy kitchens, embossed
ffl JL and painted, with uten-
i "fca^egS sils and pump,
; I' M 17 inches 45c
| *dsz£liJ!oS=i£3 small si 2e > 13% in.. 25c
i
stained willow doll
buggy, 20-inch body, *■ - _-^
8-inch galvanized cu _, . J(,-/P^l<Vh
iron wheels 50c^=§«Z|=^-3J
steel wheelbarrow, \AY
painted bright • red,
j with galvanized steel wheel, size 16x18
j with 12-inch wheel and 35-inch handle '
1 • SOc
sale of jackets.
only a few of them, so mail orders must
come in at once; these jacKets are In broken
sizes, understand— no three of a kind; put on
sale in order to clean up our stock; the cold
snap which is now with us is jacket weather;
these are cold cash prices.
American whipcords, tan covert cloths
black meltons, two-tone boucle cloths, extra
fine Kersey,' tans, blues and browns; some
with plaited sleeves; others with gathered
sleeves; also a few with dart effect in sleeves;
box fronts with four large buttons, and fly
fronts also; some with high storm collars-
others with the late flat collar.
£ 7 '.;- jncKeta — ~->— ; — — — — — »—»»*. _^_
REDUCED from $20 00, $18 50, fir It\ AA
$17 50, to tf>IU»UU
12 jackets
REDUCED from $15 00, $13 50, fir T CT f\
$10 00, to ..* I <!> i •OU j
11 jackets
REDUCED from $9 50, $S 50, «£/— nA <
$7 50, to tt>O.l)U
silk petticoats.
of rich taffeta silk, changeable effects, deep
flounce with 8-inch ruffle, double corded
effect at top, 4-cord at bottom, dust
; ruffle, bound with velvet, good, with
all lengths; excellent -ssort- fir £» Ocr
ment QOtUO
.-- -:■-■ -:■■: i\/k:\-;~
lution was passed, and the secretary was
directed to transmit it to Senator Perkins
and tho California delegation at Washing
ton:
"Deeply realizing the value and impor
tance of the early construction and com
pletion of the Nicaragua canal under the
control and ownership of the United
States Government, the Merchants' Asso
ciation of San Francisco urges our dele
gation in Congress to exert all possible
efforts to secure the passage of such a
canal bill at this session of Congress."
Indorsed H. M. Saunders.
At the meeting of the San - Francisco
Labor Council last night the application
of H. M. Saunders for the office of State
Labor Commissioner was unanimously in
dorsed. Mr. Saunders has been a promi
nent figure in the labor movement of this
city for many years and is very popular
with members of trade organizations. He
is a carpenter by trade, but for a number
of years has been employer! as business
agent by the Carpenters' District Council. . /
Three new unions have joined the council
and their delegates were present last
night. They are Carpenters' Union No.
453 and the Cornice-makers and Paper
hangers. Other unions not affiliated will
hold called meetings during the week to
consider the question of joining the cen-n
tral body. Resolutions were adopted fa
voring the retention of th<- Postal Savings
Banks in the Hawaiian Islands, and the
striking out of the portion of the report,
of the Hawaiian commission which rec
ommends a property qualification for
electors in the islands.VOLUME LXXXV.-XO. 18.
CONFERENCE OF
CATHOLIC PRELATES
AT WASHINGTON
Attention of the President Called
to Cruel Treatment of Priests
in the Philippines.
Archbishop Ireland Says the Pope Will Soon Appoint
an Apostolic Delegate to Look After Matters
in the Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call*
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— The Washington correspondent
of the Herald sends the following: A secret conference
of Catholic prelates was held last week in Washington to
discuss various matters pertaining to the welfare of the church.
It was no formal gathering, as it was not deemed prudent to at
tract the attention of the press to the conference.
High ecclesiastics dropped into the city one by one and
called at the house of Mgr. Martinelli. the apostolic delegate.
At no time were more than three prelates present. Almost all
of the visitors called on President McKinley. Their object was
to urge the chief executive to use his influence to have Spanish
prisoners now in the hands of Philippine rebels, particularly
priests and monks, released.
They told the President that the prisoners were being
treated with the utmost cruelty by the Filipinos. Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul was among the first to call on President Mc-
Kinley. He told the President he was going to Rome in a few
weeks and wanted to be able to assure the Holy Father the
United States would take care of Catholic interests in her
newly acquired colonies. He said he did not want any unusual
favors shown priests in the colonies, but thought it was only fair
they should be allowed to retain their possessions by paying a
fair tax. They did not, he said, ask to be exempt from taxation
entirely.
Archbishop Ireland further said that the Pope would
shortly appoint as apostolic delegate to the Philippines a pre
late who would be thoroughly with American institutions and
who was f \ sympathy with American progress and ideas.
From the Archbishop's remarks it was understood that he
himself would not accept the position, which it was rumored by
cable some time ago was offered to him by Rome. This was re
garded as r.n attempt by Archbishop Ireland's enemies to get
him out of the way. His friends say he will frustrate the plots of
his opponents by a coup. He has in mind, they say, the sugges
tion to the Holy Father that he appoint as a delegate to the
Philippines Archbishop Keane. who is his close friend. Mgr.
Keane is now in Rome, and, according to cable reports, had a
long interview with the Pope immediately on his arrival from
America, in which he gave the Holy Father a detailed account
of how matters stood in the United States.
PEACE TREATY TO BE
SUBMITTED THIS SESSION
Will Be Sent to the Senate Immedi-
ately After the Holiday
Recess.
WASHINGTON. Deo. 17— The Pr?sM»nt
•Rill submit the peace treaty to th'
ate during the present session; that much
haa been definitely determined upon. The '
Uxt is still lacking here, and as the i'om
missioners have not though; prnper to in
trust the document to the mails, it will j
rot reach 'Washington before next Satur- j
day. Although des>irnus of placing it be
fore the Senate at the earliest opportu
lent will not be able to do ;
bo until a week after its receipt, for the
■ that Congress will then •">•• in hoi-
Iday recess. Meanwhile- the treaty will
iriven to thf public.
3ti tig pressuri hns been brought to
■.iready to fhantir th . but
a strict observance of the established
torn in euch cases will be follow. -d In or
der to avoid exciting useless animosity
against the treaty on the part of the
sticklers for the observance of the cour
lue the Senate.
BARON FERDINAND
DE ROTHSCHILD DEAD
Had Served as a Member of Parliament, High
Sheriff of Buckinghamshire and in
Other Capacities.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— Baron Ferdinand James de Rothschild, M. P..
1b dead.
He was the second son of the late Baron Aurellus de Rothschild.
He married his cousin Evelina, slater of the first Lord Rothschild.
At a bye-election in ISSS he was returned to Parliament for Ayles
bury. being re-._-i~cte<l at the general election of 1885 and se%'eral
times subsequently, in politics he was a Liberal Unionist.
He served at various times as High Sheriff of Buckinghamshire.
as Deputy Lieutenant, Justice of the Peace and member of the -ucks
County Council.
Like many others of his family. Baron Rothschild was an enthu-
Eiastic art collector, and In his houses at Piccadilly and Waddesdon
he brought together a large number of rare treasures, Rominey's
"Mrs. Jordan" being a notable example. He was the founder of the
Evelina Hospital, on Southwark Bridge road, which he established in
memory of and named after his wife.
The Baron was an intimato friend of the Prince of Wales. It was
during the Prince's last visit to Waddesdon. near Aylesbury, the seat
of Baron Rothschild, that he injured his knee. The Baron was a
lavish host, and entertained the Queen In 1890. His death was sud
den. It was supposed he was only suffering from a cold.
The San Francisco Call
"TAPS" HAVE SOUNDED
FOR 'WO SOLDIERS
Corporal George O. Larson and Pri
vate James Healy Pass Away
at Manila.
WASHINGTON. Dec. IT.-General Otis
to-day cabled:
MANILA. Dec. 17— Adjutant General.
Washington: The following deaths have
: r^d since last report. December 10:
George O. Larson, corporal. Company A,
Utah Artillery, typhoid: James Healy,
private. Company I. Eighteenth Infantry!
oprf-bral hemorrhage, result of an acci
dental fall.
American Troops at Havana.
HAVANA. Dec. 17.— The One Hundred
and Sixty-first Battalion and the Second
Illinois Regiment marched to Queadados
camp from here this morning. There were
two bands of music and 1600 men In the
detachment. They made a fine display
and aroused considerable enthusiasm. The
American garrison now amounts to 5000
men.
SAN FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 189S— FORTY-EIGHT PAGES.
DAYS OF THE
DREIBUND ARE
NOW NUMBERED
Such the Opinion of
Germans.
STATEMENTS IN REICHSTAG
ATTITUDE OF THE EMPIRE DUB
ING THE LATE WAR.
Experts Sent to the United States to
Investigate Reduction of Im
ports Have Made Their
Reports.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Dec. 17.— The sessions of
the ichstag during the present week,
though not so sensational as expected,
were very interesting from several
points of view. The debates were no
table for giving rise to the first official
utterances on the Lippe-Detmold af
fair, Emperor William's oriental trip,
the Anglo-German understanding and
the pending German-Am : in tariff
negotiations. Some of the statements
were significant. Thus Baron yon
Thielman, the Minister of Finance,
though the subject did not come in his
province, speaking of the Spanish-
American war, said:
"While it is true during the war the
sympathies of our nation — I admitted
it quite freely — were on the side of the
weaker and wrongfully attacked party
(loud Leftist cries of "No"), yet the at
titude of the empire throughout was
perfectly correct and statements to the
contrary in the foreign press were ma
licious inventions."
Herr Richter, leader of the opposi
tion, while confirming the correctness
of Germany's attitude during the war,
remarked: "I do not see why the sym
pathies of the German people could
have been as overwhelmingly as they
were on the side of the Spanish."
Count Posadowski - Wehner. Secre
tary of the Interior and representative
of the Chancellor, referring to the re
duction in imports from America, said:
"Experts have been sent to the United
States to investigate the matter, and
it depends upon their reports whether
we can facilitate such imports."
This statement refers to the dispatch
of three German experts to the lead
ing American exporting centers, espe
cially N*e\v York and Chicago, last
spring and summer. Their mission
was secret and their reports, now in
th«- hands of the German Government,
are understood to be generally favora
ble to American interests.
Another remarkable featur , f the de
bates was the reference to the Drei
bund and the Anglo-German under
standing. Neither Baron yon Bulow,
the Minister of Foreign Affairs, nor any
other Minister, nor the Emperor him
self, in confidential talk with the pre
siding officers of the Reichstag, has
been exp;i in respect to either.
The I.erlin Tageblatt commenting on
the speech of Baron yon Bulow says:
"The speech was more remarkable for
its omissions than for its contents."
The impression left in the Reichstag
was that a deep and lasting finsure had
been driven into the Dreibund and it is
significant that Herr Basserman, the
spokesman of the National Liberals,
and hitherto the stoutest friend of the
Dreibund, said: "The provocative tone
of Count Thun Hohenstein toward Ger
many is unjustifiable. It is apparent
that the German empire must be strong
enough to stand on its own bottom."
A nui -jer of other speakers expressed
themselves similarly and outside in the
lobbies the opinion was rp-->atedly ex
pressed that the days of the Dreibund
were numbered. On the other hand the
press has much to say on the revival
of good feeling toward Great Britain
and the United States. Nearly all the
comment is distinctly friendly.
The Socialistic 'astion has introduced
in the Reichstag a number of motions
in favor of tne abolition of the lese
majeste paragraph in the cri 'nal code,
the abolition of the dictator paragraph
re ectlng Alsace-Lorraine, the legal
establishment of an eight-hour work
day an- " the widening of the present
rights of political association. These
matters come before the house after
Christmas adjournment. Several of
them have not the ghost of a chance of
THE INE\A/ ISLAND REPUBLIC.
|Generftl View of Ceibu, the Second City in Size of the Viscaya Group of the Philippine
Islands, Where the Viscaya Republic Has Just Been Proclaimed.
adoption, but they will lead to lively de
bates.
A gambling scandal affecting a num
ber of ari *ocrats has been brought
to light and has created a sensation in
social circles. A "smart" club called
the "Joviale Club," frequented by offi
cers of the guards, cavalry, high Gov
ernment officials, bankers and members
of the Reichstag, has existed in Berlin
for some years. A stranger was re
centl- introduced by two highly re
spected members and soon became a
favorite. All went swimmingly until
rumors about his antecedents began to
circulate, and it was noticed that luck
invariably favored him. The Berlin
Tageblatt says the stranger grot many
! young men of the best families in his
power. The whole affair will shortly
be sifted in the law courts. Several
club men lost immense sums, and the
affair is likely to have serious results
for the military officers, in view of Em
peror William's determination to sud
press gambling in the army.
The Italian papers say they learn
that Emperor "William will pass a ten
days' visit to Rome In January and
give a magnificent fancy dress ball at
the German Embassy. The costumes,
it appears, will all be of the time of
the Roman empire, His Majesty ap
pearing in a Roman tunic with a great
purple cloak.
Particulars of the acquisition of the
legendary abode of the Virgin Mary at
Jerusalem by the German Catholics,
which the Emperor announced during
the Palestine trip, have thrown fr^sh
light on the recent scandal in connec
tion with the sale of the American
cemetery at Jerusalem. Coffins ' w^-re
said to have been exhumed and the
bodies dismembered and packed in
small boxes and reinterred elsewhere.
The names of the purchasers of the
cemetery and the purposes of the tran
saction have been concealed. It now
transpires that the cemetery formed
part of the site of the abode of the
Virgin Mary, and was bought by the
German Catholics in confidential antici
pation of an arrangement by which the
Sultan, to oblige Emperor William,
would place them in possession of the
rest of the property which was in the
hands of Mussulmans, who were forced
to sell under the order of the Sultan.
The Catholic press notes, in mock sur
prise, that while the Catholic clersrv
and press formally nad generally
thanked the Emperor for what he had
done for them in Palestine, the Protest
ant press and episcopacy have re
mained silent.
It is a curious fact that though
Count Posadowski-Wehner in the
Reichstag claimed Emperor William
had attained highly important results
through his Oriental tour, "about
which the Secretary of State will tell
you in detail," the latter official, al
though present when the announce
ment was made, did nothing of the
kind in his subsequent speech.
The committee of experts appointed
to inquire into the unsanitary condi
tion of the new palace at Potsdam,
hitherto a regular roya! residence dur
ing the greater part of the year, re
ports that the water from the Havel
is increasingly permeating the land
round the palace, and that unless the
river is regulated and extensive im
provements are made in its banks, the
whole palace, which cost 20,000.000
marks, and on which the present Em
peror has spent 6.000,00n marks, will be
come permanently uninhabitable. The
Prussian Diet will be asked to vote the
necessary sum.
The Empress of Germany for some
time has heen using; as regular treat
ment for obesity, tablets containing the
active principal tyrhofd glands* of
sheep, which is a specific for this
trouble. While she has succeeded in re
ducing her weight, she has been suffer
ing seriously in general health, is be
coming nervous and is threatened with
heart trouble. The Emperor, there
fore, has induced her to stop using the
remedy.
A mass-meeting at Kiel, attended by
3000 persons, has adopted a strong pro
test against the expulsions from
Schleswig-Holstein.
The German Cabinet is working in
conjunction with the Russian authori
ties in order to facilitate the importa
tion of Russian petroleum.
GEORGIANS WELCOME
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
SAVANNAH. Dec. 17.— The Presiden
tial party arrived in Savannah at 11
o'clock this morning. The reception
committee boarded the train at Guy
ton, thirty ml.-«? out of Savannah. D.
G. Purse, chairman of the committee,
made a speech, assuring the distin
guished visitor of the good-will of the
citizens. The Presidential party was
surroundtu by a large crowd and was
driven direct to the reviewing stand
under th^ escort of the Georgia Hus
sars. The First Division of the Seventh
Army Corps, two regiments of the Sec
ond Division and about 3000 other en
listed men and artillery, under com
mand of Major General Kener, passed
before the president. The programme
fur the day included a trip by the
Presidential party on the pilotboat J.
H. Estille down the Savannah River
and a reception.
There was a — and banquet to-night,
when the President and members of the
Cabinet spoke.
REFUSED TO
RECOGNIZE
AGUINALDO
Philippine Affairs Dis
cussed by Merritt.
WOULD HOLD THE ISLANDS
THINKS 30,000 TKOOPS, HALF
AMERICANS, SUFFICIENT.
Itenies the Reports That Admiral
Dewey Is Failing in Health.
Comments on the Atti
tude of Germans,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW Y ORK, Dec. I}.— Major General
Wesley Merritt, former commander of
the United States .lilitary forces in the
Philippine Islands, from whica post he
was sent to "-"aris to consult with
the American Peace Commissioners,
reached this city last night on board
the steamer L cania from Queenstown.
With Generj.l Merritt were his bride
and her mother, Mrs. Norman Wil
lu , Norman Williams Jr. of Chicago
and Captain L. H. Strother, aid de
camp on the staff of General Merritt.
The general will assume command of
the Military Department of the East,
which position he held when he was
ordered to Manila.
The General received a hearty greet
ing from those assembled at theCunard
line pier as the Lucania was made fast
this morning. From the steamship pier
the party went in carriages to the
Waldorf.
"It is some time since I left the Phil
ippine Islands," said General Merritt,
"and all I can say abou'. the situa
ation th^re when I departed is con
tained in official reports wliich I made
to the Government and the Peace Com
mission. All of these reporu have been
published in the newspapers, and there
is no use of my going over those sub
jects again. I can say, however, that
there is no foundation for the report
that Admiral Dewey's health, has
broken down as a result of his wonder
ful work i. Manila harbor on May 1
last. He was in fine phys. a.l condition
when I left him, and he was then over
th-i strain o~ the naval tight.
••There is another thing I would like
the people to 1 now. It is that the cli
mate or' the Philippines is not by any
means as bad as it is said to be. I met
a number of Europeans there, who had
been in the country for fourteen years
or more, and they seemed to thrive and
had no serious complaints about the
climate to make. The — tnrtality among
our troops sent to the Philippines was
not as great as some wouia have the
people believe.
'Tl.e Germans acted a little aueer
when I got there first. They were
rather meddlesome in matters which. I
think, they should have let alone. The
German officers there made me no offi
cial calls until Manila had fallen, and
then their visits were not what mitcht
be termed friendly. Thert- was no seri
ous clash, and 1 am glad of it. The
volunteers behaved nobly during the
fight we had. They are good soldiers.
"As to General Miles' bill to increase
the United States army to 100.000. at
present I cannot discuss the propped
measure, for the reason that I have not
seen a copy of it. I think it will take
about 30,000 soldiers to hold the islands
In case the country desires to keen
them, and I see no reason why it should
not.
"I have no comment to make on the
so-called expansion which is being dis
cussed pro and con these days.
"There are many Spaniards in the
islands who want to remain there.
With 15,000 United States soldiers and
the remaining 15,000 evenly divided be
tween the Filipinos and Spaniards the
islands could be governed properly and
with credit to this country.
"I did not meet Aguinaldo. but I am
satisfied he is a very shrewd man. I
did not recognize the insurgents, fear
ing complications. Admiral Dewey. af
ter my arrival, pursued the same
course. What was said or done before
my arrival I cannot state. I did not
recognize Aguinaldo nor his troops, nor
use them in any way. I had been there
ten days before Aguinaldo asked to
see me. and then I was too busy. Talk
ing with leading Filipinos. I told them
I had no promises to make, but th^y
might be fissured that the Government
and the people of this country would
treat them fairly.
TREASURY AGENTS
FIND RICH PLACER
GROUND NEAR SITKA
Casual Prospect on Baranoff Island
Yields Flattering Re=
turns.
Twenty Claims Have Been Staked Out and There
Will Be a Stampede to the "Diggings"
in the Spring.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Dec. 10.— Possibly
another rich placer camp has been
struck, and if this turns out to be true,
this time Sitka is "in it."
Special Treasury Agents Link and
Smith have been in Alaska some weeks,
sent for the purpose of investigating
the long time rotten condition of the
Alaska customs service as applied to
the importation and sale of whisky,
beer and such things. They could work
back not only through Collector Ivy's
administration, but back through the
last decade, and find something to do
along this line. In junketing around
between Wrangel, Juneau, Skaguay
and Sitka. Smith and Link have found
a good thing in the way of entertain
ment. Collector Ivy has been inde
fatigably at their heels. But the best
thing they have run up against ap
pears to have bc?n near Sitka. Link
and a man named Carlson were out
hunting the juicy grouse one day, and,
finding themselves at White Stone
narrows, made an excursion along the
shores of Quashkansky Bay. Baranoff
Island. Grouse are tame enough in
Alaska to kill with a club, but Link
did not know this and took a gun. He
went armed to meet almost any old
thing, for in his belt stuck a big horn
spoon such as the Indians make. They
went up a creek and Carlson remarked
that the gravel and sand looked as
though there might be gold there. So
he began to pan with the big horn
spoon. It would hold about a gill of
sand. Going down to the creek he wash
ed out the sand carefully and was as
tonished to see remaining in the bottom
of the spoon at the lower end of a lit
tle puddle of wet sand which persisted
in remaining there many colors and a
deep ring of fine, flour gold. Link nearly
fell into an epileptic fit. They tried it
several times in different spots along
the creek bank, and it was always the
same — fine, flour gold and plenty of it
proportionate with the quantity of sand
the spoon held.
Grouse were forgotten. Taking their
jackknives they cut sticks and marked
the ground. They had no ax with
which to make stakes. This is in
American territory, only a few miles
from the staff on which the stars and
stripes went up and from which the
Russian flag came down in 1567. Placer
mining claims under United States laws
are 1500 feet or about twenty acres. Of
course Colonel Smith got in on it.
United States Commissioner Tuttle also
has a claim, and Collector Ivey. too,
having been as close up to the push for
weeks as he could get, was next, and he
has a claim.
Then there was a small-sized stam
pede from Sitka to Quashkansky Bay.
In all up to date about twenty twenty
acre claims have been located, but
nothing further has been done. The
Increasing snowfall will prevent any
but the most limited development work
before spring. The ground 1 gave a fine
prospect, running from 10 to 20 cents
when worked with a pan. it is said.
That is excellent eround.
Sitka is much agitated over the dis
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
covery. No gold has been produced
from the Sitka diggings, but J. A.
Becker, an expert mining engineer, who
recently removed from Sitka to Ju
neau, has private information on the
find. He told me that he considered
the prospect an encouraging one from,
the showing so far made. There will
not be another ship from or other com
munication with Sitka for two weeks.
United States District Court for Alaska
is now in session here.
SHIPPERS OF WINE
WERE IMPOSED UPON
California Association Made to Suffer
for the Act of an In
dividual.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 17.— The com
j munication ot Cosmo Morgan. Los An
i geles agent of the California Wine As
| soclation, printed in The Call of to
■ day, was directed to H. J. Woollacott.
jln that communication Mr. Morgan
i exonerated Mr. Woollacott from all
I fault in the matter of being a party
! to the alleged adulteration of a carload
1 of California wine shipped to Mexico.
! The communication was supplied to a
i repiesentative of The Call, who formed
I the idea that Mr. Morgan desired to
; direct the statement to the editor of
■ The Call personally. The statement as
! printed was correct, but it was not
j directed by Mr. Morgan to the editor
i of The Call. It was given to Mr. Wool-
I lacott.
Mr. Morgan is very indignant that
the association should be placed in a
bad light by the fact that some wln«
maker had used an adulteration. He
says that it is impossible for the as
sociation to analyze every droD of wine
it ships. As long as the growers use
adulteration, the association is liable
to be innocently imposed on.
MORE WARSHIPS TO
BE SENT TO CUBA
Several Light-Draught Gunboats to
Help to Preserve Order Along
the Coast.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Arrange
ments are being made by Acting Sec
retary Allen for the dispatch of more
naval vessels of light draft to Cuban
waters to aid the army in coast cities
in establishing and preserving peace
and order. It was intended several
months ago to assign four of the sin
gle tnrreted monitors to Cuba as port
ships, and they were fitted up for this
purpose, but it was found they would
be too hot for service in the south, and
it is now proposed to assign small gun
boats to the island. In addition three
small converted yachts are beins: pre
pared for surveying duty and they will
be available for providing protection
and of quieting disorders. The de
partment has finally abandoned its
purpose form a Gulf squadron, and
Cuba and Porto Rico will be continued
in the North Atlantic station under
command of Rear Admiral Sampson. It
is expected the battleship Texas will
arrive at Havana very soon, and the
Brooklyn will reach her destination to
morrow or Monday.
FREIGHT-CAR THIEVES
SHOOT TWO OFFICERS
One of the Culprits Arrested With
Stolen Goods in His
Possession.
COLUMBUS. Dec. 17.— James S. Foster
of Cleveland, detective for the Panhandle
Railroad, caught two men robbing a
freight car to-day and was shot twice.
He returned the fire, but fell from loss
of blood.
An hour later Fred Deering, a special
policeman, went to the home of August
Brokawski and was I'uund later suffering
from a pistol shot. He was taken to a
hospital, where he died without making
a statement. A revolver with three
empty chambers was found on him. Bro
kawski was afterward arrested, the stolen
goods being found in his house.
WHISKY TBUST IN TROUBLE
First Steps Taken t j Have a Beceive*
Appointed.
NEW YORK. Dec. 17.— Chancellor Me-
Gill, In Jersey City, has granted the peti
tion to show cause why a receiver should
not be appointed for the Whisky Trust.
The application was made on behalf of
the Atlas National Bank of Boston, Mass..
and the American Surety Company of
New York. It is alleged that the con
cern is Insolvent.
The petition stated that the liabilities of
the trust are 5974. 94'j, and the assets, con
sisting principally of real estate, stock
and book accounts. $316,655. The rule is re
turnable next week.
SENATE INNOVATION.
Plan for the Distribution of Appro
priation Bills.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— The subject
of distributing the appropriation bills to
various committees of the Senate has
again been brought forward. Sixty Sena
tors have signed an agreement to vote
for the change and about the same time
a number have united in a request to
Senator Allison that he bring the matter
up In the Senate and propoae a rule to
that effect.34
CURRENCY THE
CHEAPEST THING
IN AMERICA
Call Loans at Very
Cheap Rates.
CONDITION UNPRECEDENTED
70BEIGNEB8 WILL FIGURE AS
BORROWERS.
Russia Particularly Is After a Big
Sum, End Financiers Are De
lighted With the
Outlook.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 17.— The Chicago
Daily News says: The statement may
startle the general public, but in the
financial world the report will cause no
astonishment, although the action will
be unprecedented in the monetary his
tory of the country. For nearly two
months money has been "the cheapest
thing in America." as financiers phrase
it. For a fortnight call loans have
been made in Wall street as low as one
half per cent, while short time borrow
ers with approved collateral ;m? accom
modated at 3% per cent in Chicago.
The bond markets are absolutely bare
of first-class securities yielding more
than 3% per cent. To-day 5 per cent
coupon issues were bought on the ex
changes at 137, and high grade stocks
paying dividends at the rate of 5 per
cent per annum were quuted at 132.
Chicago and Northwestern common
was an instance. Firms that make a
specialty of investment securities ac
knowledge that the demand for values
has exceeded the supply three fold.
Fairly safe issues have been absorbed
and there is no diminution in the funds
seeking placement.
The national treasury states that for
the current month money in circulation
has increased $20,303,722. This, follow
ing a gain of $50,000,000 for October,
makps a total expansion of about $75,
000,000 for the last sixty days. Com
pared with a year ago, the total circu
lation of all kinds of money is $165,
795,000 greater, and amounts in all to
JI,BBt>,SOO,OOO. The perspective reveals
even more money.
On the first of the year corporations
will distribute about $100,000,000 in in
terest and dividends. Besides, exports
are increasing rapidly, while imports
are decreasing quite as rapidly. The
latest figures tell that the exports of
merchandise from this country exceed
those of Great Britain for the first time
in the history of the two countries. The
United States is in the unique position
of desiring to buy the American stocks
and bonds that are held abroad.
It is this condition that has war
ranted a foreign Government in making
tnntative overtures for a big loan here.
The borrower is supposed to be Rus
sia. The representatives of that coun
try were negotiating with French
bankers some time ago for a large
sum. but the transaction was not con
cluded.
Ex-Comptroller of the Currency Eck
els has heard of the overtures made by
a foreign power to raise money on this
side.
"The monetary condition of the
country is to-day quite unlike anything
we have heretofore witnessed," he said.
"Despite the unusual activity in all
character of stocks and bonds and in
general business lines, deposits grow in
the banks largely beyond the expansion
of loans. There certainly is no present
and but little future prospect of a
change. There can hardly be one with
the amount of money flowing Into the
country from abroad, and the increas
ing demand there for our products.
Whatever discussion appeared some
w<>eks sinc^ as to the raising of rates of
the Bank of England and the Imperial
Bank of England, has now passed
away.
"It seems that so far as German con
ditions are concerned, London felt
there might be trouble in Berlin be
cause the banks had not been prudent
in advancing to so great an extent on
securities which the banks themselves
■were really interested in, because the
customers to whom the advances were
made had not the means themselves to
finance them. This condition of great
demand for money immediately
reflected itself in London and
Paris, and, though much less so,
In New York. It is stated by those in
a position to know that the change is
now for the better, and, though money
is still wanted in Berlin, there will be
no great stringency or any difficulty,
because the situation was f.-iced in
good time. As a result, no further ad
vance is anticipated in the rate of the
Bank of England.
"I doubt if the definite announcement
of the signing of the treaty of peace
■with Spain has had much, if anything,
to do with the surprising advance in
all characters of securities. As a mat
ter of fact, all the effects of such an
act had long been discounted, as had
every step in the war insofar as busi
ness was concerned. Much of the ad
vance is upon the basis of merit ow
ing to generally improved conditions.
Some, however, is purely speculative
and may be carried to an extent that
will cause a reaction. This reaction,
whllo it mipht be serious under other
monetary conditions, would have less
marked effect with the plethora of
money on hand everywhere throughout
the country.
"So great is this that I havp heard
It intimated from good sources th-t
Lamps
In Latest Shapes and Designs
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
Great America n Co.
eeiMorket. *■>. Fotmll 705 Lnrkln St.
140 Sixth St. 1418 Polk St.
218 Third t. 1819 Devlsadero St.
506 h earny St. 2008 Flllmore St.
146 Nintti St. 521 Montgomery Ay.
25lOMlssi nSt. 1180 Kentucky St.
3000 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
Ios3Wnßh(aztonSt. 131 San Pablo Ay*.
817 Broadway. 610 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
AS .AM EDA— l35* Park St. ...
SAW RAFAEL— II St.. near Fourth.
We also shf.
China, CROCKERY, GLABswareG LA8sware
Cheap. 8' Price \ in America,
VtiU tit Oftttl«£vi«.
there has been some real discussion of
one of the foreign powers negotiating
a loan in New York. All this is ac
centuated by the fact that American
Interests are loaning abroad. The force
of economies in management and ex
penditure Is not the least of the rea
sons for v betterment in values
and more thorough organization In car
rying on gnat enterprises. The reduc
tion of prl< ea in so many things is now
compelled to be met by better systems
of administration and greater volume
Of business. Necessarily is this so in
all classes of industrials and railroads.
"As for the banks, it is the greater
volume of buwlneas alone which enables
them -.vith so great a reduction in the
payment for transacting the business
to make a fair return upon the capital
Invested.
'All this thing benefits more than
any one else the gnat body of con
sumers. lluv\ever, apparently on tht
face of things, combinations may seem
to be at present for the benefit of cap
ital, an analysis of the real effect of
them will show that the consumer is
the largest gainer. The danger in such
combinations lies in their inviting mort
or ies.s speculation, thus affording op
portunity to managers to sacrifice tht
Interests of the great body of share
holders to their own personal gain.
Then, too, the very great resources
vested in them tend to invite political
attack and cause participation in poli
tics by them.
"However, those features can all be
safeguarded, and in time combinations
made within the lines of laws and fair
ness, conducted upon legitimate busi
ness principles, will be accepted here as
as much a part of every day commercial
life as they are in other countries,
where this evolution was long since a
fixture and an accepted benefit.
"It is known that Gorman institutions
have paid in the last five weeks as high
as 4 per cent for six months' loans,
made in Wall and La Palle streets,
which is not excessive when it is re
called that the discount rate of the
Reichbank is 6 per cent.
"Money being dearer in France and in
England than in the United States, the
Inference is logical that the foreign
representatives who are negotiating a
large loan in this country are acting
for" the Czar's Government."
DISMEMBERED BODY
UNDER A WATERFALL
Discovery Made by Boys Near San
Bernardino Gives Evidence of
Murder.
SAN BEKNARDIN'O, Dec. 17.— A
number of boys living in Santa Ana
Canyon about twenty miles northeast
of this city while playing in the can
yon discovered the dismembered and
badly decomposed remains of a human
being. Although the discovery was
made several days ago, for some rea
son it was not reported to the authori
ties until to-day.
The boys who found the body were
sons of George Miller and Mrs. Boren,
respectively, residing on ranch near
the canyon. They were on a little ex
pedition up the side of the canyon be
tween tunnels No. 11 and 12 of the
Southern California Power Company's
canal line. A small stream trickles
down this ravine from over a slight
precipice, under which the action of the
water has caused some cave-like exca
vations. The soil is damp and loose.
While playing around the boys dis
covered an old shovel and the idea
struck them to enlarge the cave. They
set at work, but had done little when
they were horrified at throwing out a
human arm. One of the boys shoved
the spade into the place and this time
a leg was brought forth.
The youths were too scared to con
tinue their excavations and dropping
the spade they hurried homeward.
When George Miller, father of one of
the youngsters, heard their tale he ac
companied them back to the grave un
der the waterfall, and securing the arm
took it up to one of the camps for ex
hibition, but not until to-day were the
authorities notified of the discovery.
Then Coroner Keating went to Red
lands, and, accompanied by Constable
Fetrel and a jury, left on a long drive
to the canyon, from which at a late
hour to-night they have not returned.
The circumstances and the weirdness
of the waterfall grave point to murder
as the cause of the man's death. The
dismemberment could have been caused
by decomposition, but it is more prob
able the body was mutilated. It is re
ported that a couple of men are miss
ing from Redlands.
PEACE COMMISSIONERS
MAINTAIN SILENCE
Decline to Discuss the Terms of the
Treaty With Spain to English
Correspondents.
SOUTHAMPTON, Dec. 17.— T0 the
interviewers who besieged the Ameri
can Peace Commissioners to-day be
fore they sailed for New York on board
the American line steamer St. Louib.
they said they could not discuss tn?
t« mis of the treaty of peace with Sox'n
Whltelaw Reid and Judge Day, thoi'ch
much Interested in the late Interviov
o: the correspondent of the Associated
Pri'SF, would not discuss the-matter or
protest wade by Agoncillo.
Judge Day said the treaty of peace
would pictably be delivered to Pra:u
deut McXyi] ley December 24. but. he
added, it was impossible to ssy whether i
It would be presented to the present j
Senate c>r that which comes into of- j
fice next Mai eh. That, hi said, was!
a .natter which the President would do j
cick'.
Brighter Prospects.
"I look for a business revival in Cali- I
fornia in '99," said Colonel J. S. Young, '
proprietor of the liuss House, to a re- I
porter yesterday.
"The recent rains promise good crops,
insuring prosperity to the farmers and
putting money in circulation. The ac
; quisition of Hawaii and the Philippines
, will benefit the whole country and espe
cially California. We shall furnish our
products to the army of occupation
there and the troops in transit, as well
as to the naval squadron in those wa
ters. Why, already we send there week
ly 75,000 pounds of meat, and this is
only the beginning." The colonel has
received several interesting letters from
his son at Manila, who belongs to the
First California Regiment. He is so
well pleased with the country that he
may take up his residence there.
On the subject of the Baldwin Hotel
fire Colonel Young said: "I be
lieve it will have a beneficial effect
in calling attention to the dangers
of high hotel buildings, with
out proper fire precautions." It is in
teresting to note in this connection the
striking record of the Russ House. "The
doors of the hotel have never been
rinsed since they were opened in 1862,"
said Colonel Young, "and no Insurance
company has ever been called on to pay
a dollar of fire loss." This is a matter
of public importance just now in view
of the fact that th? hotel is three stories
hich with 300 rooms and an enormous
frontage on Montgomery, Bush and
Pine streets, containing exits to these
thoroughfares, and four exits to the
court in the rear. "So you see," he re
marked, "with a hydro-steam elevator,
the safest in the world, and the other
precautions, our guests can enjoy their
slumbers undisturbed."
It Is not surprising, therefore, that
travelers have furnished testimony that
for moderate price, perfection of ser
vice and equipments the Russ is un
surpassed by any hotel in the United
States.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18,
GENERAL MAXIMO GOMEZ,
REPORTED DEATH OF
GENERAL MAXIMO GOMEZ
When Last Heard From in Cuba,
However, He Was in Good
Health.
MADRID, Dec. 17.— A report has been
received here from Havana that General
Kaximo Gomez, commander-in-chlef of
the Cuban insurgent army, is dead.
HAVANA, Dec. 17.— The report that
General Maximo Gomez is dead, which,
SOCIALISM IS
NOT IN FAVOR
American Federation
Will Not Indorse It.
PRESIDENT GOMPERS' SPEECH
DENOUNCES THE ATTEMPT TO
WRECK UNIONISM.
Declares the Socialists Have Be
smirched the Name of Labor
and Attacked Its
Integrity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CUY, Dec. 17.— A forlorn
hope was never bolstered by more fiery
eloquence than the Socialists among
the delegates to the American Federa
tion of Labor put forth in behalf of the
principles which they believe offer the
true relief from grinding industrial
conditions and oppression of capital at
this morning's session. The Federation
is opposed to committing itself to the
indorsement of any political party, and
has voted in each annual convention to
this effect. Democrats and Republicans
have given their efforts on behalf of
their theories of government, but the
Socialists have not. Each year when
the convention meets they are on hand.
They realize that their work will be in
vain as far as practical, definite results
are conce: - d, but they glory in the ag
itation they cause and in the fact that
they make converts in secret.
The entire morning sess : 1 to-day
was spent along these lines. While the
speechmaking was at its height Presi
dent dumpers took a hand and de
nounced the efforts of the Socialists to
Infuse their doctrines into those of the
unionists. He said:
"This question involves the integrity
of the laboi; classes of our country.
Either the trades union movement is
right or .t is rong. We must either
declare for the union movement, with
out frills or follies, or make an admis
sion that it is wrong.
" 'By their deeds shall ye know them,'
rather than with their honeyed words
by which they seek to lure us. If they
were to express themselves in this con
vention as they express themselves
outside they know they would not be
tolerated for two minutes. 1 propose to
call attention to the mask and the real
face. These men who ask you to com
mit yourselves to this movement have
in the past done all that a man can do
to disrupt the trades unions. One of the
parties referred to called a convention
to form a rival to the Federation. At
that convention they, on a broad
streamer, emblazoned in letters of red.
Wreck the Old Trades Unions and Pull
for Socialism.'
"They have besmirched the name of
labor. They have attacked the integrity
of the men wh have tried to better the
conditions of labor. They have attacked
conservatism and everything that is
good for our cause.
"If their propositions were likely to
advance the interests of labor, 1 would
give them my adherence at once, but,
knowinr as I do that every attempt at
diverting our efforts has been followed
by an era of ertia and indifference, I
cannot subscribe to them.
"Rather l.an turn our unions into
ward clubs, Wi are working on the line
that will belter our interests before the
whole country.
"I kno..- that progress is necessarily
slow and there is no such thing as a
short cut to the millenium. I am sure
we are on the path of progress. We
should be broad and comprehensive in
all we do and the day of labor's eman
cipation will soon come."
applause followed Mr. Gorn
pers' remarks, and Henry Lloyd of Bos
ton, the conservative economist, took
the floor. He went after the socialists
without gloves.
It was the sense of his remarks that
if the Federation tied itself to any
according to a dispatch from Madrid, was
received there from Havana, cannot be
confirmed here, though a rumor of his
death has been in circulation in this city
for several days past.
In contradiction of the report is another
to the effect that General Gomez It- ft his
tamp at Yaguajay, province of Santa
Clara, and with his main forces went into
camp in the Siguapoa Mountains, in the
same province, but, that, accompanied by
a small escort, he left the camp three
days sinoo, moving westward, and is now
near Cruces, Santa Clara Province, en
route to Havana, whither he will go via
Matanzas. This report has it that Gen
eral Gomez is in good health.
"isnV' it would be useless for it to ask
for legislation at the hands of Congress
or the State Legislatures.
The convention adjourned at noon
without actin"- on any of the resolu
tions.
CLAIMS FOR PENSIONS
BEING DISPOSED OF
Commissioner Evans Already Occu
pied With Cases Arising From
the Recent War.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Pension
cases arising: from the war with Spain
are being disposed of in special in
stances. The widow of the late Captain
Gridley already draws* her pension ana
the widows of Allyn Capron, father and
son, who lost their lives before Santi
ago, will be put on the list without de
lay. Commissioner Evans will not take
up the grea; bulk of applications now
as some time must elapse before the
files are classified. The Santiago cases
will be considered first, those from the
Manila campaign not yet having been
reached. Besides the pensions already
mentioned one has been granted in the
case of the blind veterans of the San
tiago campaign now in one of the
Washington Hospitals.
REVENUE CUTTER PERRY
STRIKES ON A ROCK
Two Steamships Fail in an Attempt
to Haul the Vessel
Off.
ASTORIA. Or., Dec. 17.— The United
States revenue cu.ter Commodore Perry,
which left this city this morning: for Port
land, struck on a rock near St. Helens in
a thick fog. The Perry lies on me rock
about amidships on the starboard side
and is slightly listed. The steamers Tel
ephone and Undine attempted to pull the
revenue cutter off the rock, but were un
successful. At high tide to-night it is
thought that the steamer Undine will suc
ceed in pulling the Perry. off. The. rock
on which the Perry lies is on the edge of
the channel, and is one of a group in that
vicinity.
ADVERTISEMENTS.'
x-a,M/ " Beauty and Power.**
3?j2£!?>*jfi». The secret of a woman's
-eShfT^fcj^ power is in her complete
sf/3r .' ,1 *- < %J(v womanliness, both phys-
He^*^©*SSe«i* ca ' and mental. This
J&jm^Lji&rrK does not mean per-
fffi?Z&^¥&[-$r ect * on of outline
/^nttf^^%S^^m wit ' nor, talents
tf&i- \Mi ** jfi •u^^^^fc nor accom-
PV**sM|i ■*"^/ // jplishnients. It
!&>»« *^ K^*'-^Lrtf««' IJL/ means that
'^^^^&S^^^ / physical at-
- jltiV- tractiveness
I \\\ that comes
/ \\\ from perfect
/ JTA bodily condi-
tion and the
bright, happy cheerfulness of disposition
: which only complete health can insure.
A woman with a bright eye, clear com-
I plexion, mantling color in the cheeks and
\ Buoyant elastic step and. manner has a
\ natural attractiveness that no artifcial
! agency can counterfeit.
A woman who is afflicted with the morti-
| fying misfortune of a dull, sallow, pimply
] complexion or that listless movement and
| attitude which provokes only disgust and
revulsion in the opposite sex, ought to avail
herself of the purifying, invigorating power
: of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery,
! which makes a strong, healthy stomach
i and digestive organism • purifies the blood
and imparts a natural stimulus to the ex-
cretory functions ; insures healthy weight,
| clear skin, bright eyes and the animated
• manner and bearing of perfect health. .
A lady living in West Virginia, Miss Anna
Callow, of Kyger. Roane Co.. writes: "It ia
• with pleasure I write you after; using a lew
bottles of Dr. Pierces '"Favorite Prescription'
• and 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and I think
| them valuable medicines „ for female . troubles
and weaknesses. I could hardly go about my .
I work I had such inward weakness and constant
misery in the womb. • It worried me so that I
would give out in walking a short distance. I
had a bad cough and my lungs hurt me all the
time. I got very- thin, my complexion was bad,
and my eyes would get so heavy, in the evening
they seemed stiff in the lids. I r_^!d hardly
. move them. Many persons were a._ uaed about
. me, I looked so bad and had such a cough ; they
were afraid I .would go • into consumption.- . I
felt so badly every day that I had no life about
me. ; I used'only five bottles in all. . I shall ever
speat in praise of your grand medicines. They
are blessings to suffering females."
" Another good thing to have in the house
is a vial of. Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets.
They cure biliousness and constipptioa
and never gripe.
1898.
RECIPROCITY
WITH CANADA
Basis of the New Com
mercial Treaty.
MORE CONCESSIONS ASKED
WORK OF THE JOINT COMMIS
SION ALMOST COMPLETED.
Lumber the Only Stumbling Block
in the Way of the Speedy
Conclusion of the Nego-
I tiations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— The meet
ing of the Canadian Joint Commission
on Monday next will be the last before
January 5, when the commissioners will
reassemble in Washington to conclude
whatever treaty they are able to agree
upon for presentation to their respec
ive governments.
It may be definitely stated that a
treaty haviner practically all the points
under consideration, except that of re
ciprocity, will be signed. It is almost
equally sure that some matters of re
ciprocal trade j^ations will be ad
justed and th. t these will be fewer in
number than the Canadian Commis
sioners had hoped in opening the nego
tiations. Any more delinite statement
than this, it is said upon authority,
would be speculative upon a very in
sufficient basis.
It may be said, however, that lumber
and a^ri :ultural products are the two
stumbling blocks to full reciprocity.
The Canadian Commissioners have pre
sented a full statement covering the
lumber trade the gist of which is that
forest products are so larpe a percent
age of Canada's exports and yet are
relatively so small compared with the
total forest product of the United
States that liberal concessions on this
point are essential to satisfy public
sentiment ir Canada and could be made
without serious detriment to the United
States.
Practically the whole statement has
be*n presented concerning agricultural
products. The Canadian Commission
has urged th Canada is a larger con
sumer per capita of American manu
factures than the whole Western hem
isphere south of the United States.
Further, it is urged that last year
Canada gave the United States a $40,
000.000 free list and in view of these
facts some essential concessions must
be made to the Canadian fkrmers, it
being represented that agrarian senti
ment is fully as important to the
Dominion Government as it is to the
United States. This is the status so far
as it can be stated, in which the nego
tiations go over for the holiday recess.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Deo. 17.— Pensions have
YOU ALL KNOW LOWNEY'S CANDY.
He makes the best in the world and has the largest business in fine can-
dies on the continent. Lowney does not pay for this notice. We pay for
It because we have stocked up with his make of candy for Christmas trade
and want the candy-buyers of the country to know where to get it. Nearly
everybody wants it and we have to supply their wants. Tell your friends
where it can be had and how cheap.
ONE-CENT BARGAINS.
1 paper assorted needles lo
3 tchool or slate sponges lc
1 10c asbestos fire klndler lo
1 paper adamantine pins lc
l 1 package of hairpins lc
' 1 Jlnko basket, for fancy work lc
| 1 flshllne lc
5 CENTS.
2 pounds mariners' toast - Be
1 pound army crackers, very nice. Be
1 Croley's egg record book, mailed 8c
6 tin teaspoons ■ {jc
2 dozen large coat buttons oc
1 dozen shoestrings, girls Be
6 buttonhooks, assorted oc
1 harmonica, a good one oc
1 purse, for boy or girl oo
1 dozen lead pencils, good oc
1 autograph album.... oo
1 game to amuse children »c
1 box 25 moth balls -.. »c
10 CENTS.
1 pair ladles' large gray hose, 10, 11 100
1 pound mixed candy dr0p5...... 10c
] package Knorr's concentrated soup We
U-pound tins extra baking powder 10c
1 fruit pie, home made, fre5h............ 10?
1 ladles untrimmed hat joe
1 foOd 1-foot pocket rule..: • 0c
1 pretty little cream Jug..:..... -..10c
1 pretty glass vase for mantel 10c
1 pair 'ladles' seamless black hose 10c
! 1 jar jam or jelly g1a55.. ;.... ................10c
I 1 large school slate and pencil JOe
1 tooth or nail brush, g00d........ : »c
1 pair ladles' black gloves 10c
STORE OPEN UNTIL 8 P. M. UNTIL CHRISTMAS TIME.
BARGAIN TABLE.
1 pntr rntton blankets, good, Soc.
1 pair California gray wool blankets, $3 00.
1 pair heavy mottled blankets. $3 on.
Fine home-knit Christmas fascinator, $1 00.
Iron carts for little fellows. 50c.
Premium clocks, Chicago calendar. $4 59,
Men's or boys' leather working gloves. 25c.
Men's t- M hate, from sample lot, $1 00.
Klondike goods move well at low prices.
/lah/n&.owo fas \ V O
ir?Jacl)sol7'6 \\i Q
Ytpa&iAa-. \| ?fi
THc<?rH/ water fr?m v|\ N
/lapa(?b?Wai"lise ¥| »c
' -* 6pr\og>. O
Tbere • ; \\l^<Sbw-
•are base . , 1 "
C^vnterfeihs. <ri> » ■"" i T'-'*??t^'??W *.
been granted as follows: California--
Original— Jacob C. Youngman. Los An
geles, $6; Eugene M. Young. "Wlllits. $»;
Georjre Thompson, Watsonville, $6; Hora
tio Williams. Los Angeles, $6. Increase-
Ezra W. Moon. Riverside. $6 to $8; An
drew J. Jones, Boulder Creek, $8 to $10;
Richard Boyes, Crescent City, $S to $10.
Washington: Original— George C Wil
son. Coulee City. $8; Charles W. Wood
ford. New Whateom, $6; Benjamin C.
Lockridge, Buckley, $6.
MISS LEE BASCOM
WEDS AN ENGLISHMAN
The California Actress and Play
wright Married to George Ham
ilton Harsden.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— A letter lust
received in this city from England an
nounces the marriage at Stratford-on-
Avon, on December 10, of Miss Lee
Bascom, an American actress and
dramatist, to George Hamilton Mars
don, son of Hon. Charles Marsden of
London and Priestlands, Sidcup. Kent.
Miss Bascom, who is a Californian.
was quite well known on the stase here
a few years ago, when she played aou
brette's roles in several companies.
Recently, however, she has devoted
herself entirely to playwrltlnß. About
a year ago Miss Bascom went to Lon
don and since then she has produced
several one act plays in the British
metropolis. She has also been a con
tributor to mapazines, and at present
she is at work on a play — the most pre
tentious she has yet attempted — which
she expects to produce next sprine.
LIEUTENANT HOBSON
WELCOMED AT LOUISVILLE
The Hero of the Merrimac Will Soon
Pass Through San Francisco on
the Way to Manila.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Dec. 17.—Lieuten
ant Richmond P. Hobson, the hero ol
the Merrimac, stopped off here to-day
on his way from Nashville to San
Francisco, from whence he will sail on
the City of Peking, December 24, for
Hongkong and thence to Manila to as
sist Admiral bewey in raising some of
the sunken Spanish ships. Lieutenant
Hobson was given an enthusiastic wel
come when he stepped off the train and
was induced to remain over night. To
night he was the guest of honor at a
theater party and afterward a banquet
was given in his honor at the Louisville
Hotel. He was entertained as the city's
guest.
HOUSE PASSES INDIAN
APPROPRIATION BILL
Measure Adopted Substantially as
Reported From the Com
mittee.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 17.— The House
gave to-day to the Indian appropriation
bill, passing it substantially as reported.
This is the thiTd of the appropriation
bills to pass and it clears the calendar
of the big supply of bills, although an
other, the agricultural, will be ready and
knocking for attention by Monday.
Death of a Californian Veteran.
LANCASTER, Pa., Dec. 17.— Colonel
Enos Woodward of Philadelphia died at
New Holland last night, aged 67 years.
He was captain of Company B, First Cali
fornia Volunteers, and later colonel of
the Forty-fourth Regiment, California
Volunteers. He was a member of G. A. R.
Post, No. 259, of Pittsburg.
25 CENTS.
40 papers (1000) needles, all sizes 25c
1 pair infants' fancy shoes, 1 to 4 '.'.'.'. .2~,e
1 ladles' undervest, gray or ecru '..'.'.'..25c
1 pretty 50c china candlestick !!!."!2Sc
10 pounds fine laundry starch '■'.'.'. ...25c
1 pound fancy mixed candy |;5 C
1 large package Knorr's concentrated soup"i>se
1 pair ladies' fine rubbers, V 2.V 2 . 3. V£ 25c
5 hanks common Saxony, assorted 25c
7 laps 4-fold zephyr, any color 25c
1 infant's hand-knit wool sack 2uc
1 fascinator, fair quality, hand work 25c
1 handsome tie, for gent's wear 25 C
1 pair men's or boys' working gloves 250
FOR $1.00.
16 yards stout dark figured percale $1 08
14 yards dark figured tennis, wrapper style! 1 00
2 suits ladies' ril'bed underwear , i oo
20 yards Canton flannel, unbleached 100
20 yards muslin, bleached, best quality....! 1 00
1 pair misses' school shoes, 12 to 2 !!!! \ oo
16 yards tennis flannel, dark or light...!!!! 1 00
20 yards medium quality tennis . ." \oo
25 yards calico, dress styles !!"" i oo
25 yards cnllco, shirting styles !!!!" i 00
25 harmonicas, to sell at 15c ..11l 1 OO
1 ladies' or misses' trimmed hat ' i nn
1 $1 50 doll, jointed kid body, 21 Inches!.!!" 1 00
25 handkerchiefs, assorted kinds.... " 1 00
SO dozen buttons, for family use " \ nn
i4O spools sewing cotton, high grade !!."" lno
! 2n yards standard I", s. bunting
' Old ladies' fine kid lace buskins ' i oo
| S pounds mixed nuts — A quality !!!! inn
l 5-lto tin Farwest baking powder !!!!! i oo
smith's
CASH STORE
25-2T Market St., SF.
ADVERTISEMENT.
'W' |lll l' | .'li | <uiiv'ii i (i: l iiij,, ii^TT;" ' m
This Mahogany-finish Dav-
enport, upholstered in cor-
duroy ...... $20.00
We show many attractive
pieces of Furniture, and men-
tion:
PARLOR MD MUSIC CABINETS,
DRESSING TABLES,
• FANCY CHAIRS,
Etc, Etc.
A recent importation of
Oriental Rugs — choice pieces.
Extensive variety of Sofa
Pillows — Silk and Velour
Table Covers, Lace Curtains,
etc.
OPEN EVENINGS.
_________
W. & J. SLOASE & CO.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery
641, 643, 645, 647 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Use f^% *M
Facial Soap J^^/ Facial Cream.
If anything alls your Skin, Scalp. Complex-
lon or Hair, call on or write Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODBUUr, 127 West 42d St.. New
York, 183 State St., Chicago. Use Woodbury'"
Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Facial and Tooth
Powder. ' Sold everywhere.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIR'S
OF THE
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO, IN THE STATE OP
California, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. IS'jT. and (or the year ending on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political '
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th«
Commissioner. .-:>-.-..,•
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
in cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 1379.200 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 463,484 85
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,913,480 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
'of bonds, stocks and other market- : .- :'
able securities as, collateral 160.689 34
Cash in company's office '. 919 40
Cash In banks 353,906 61
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 540 SI
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 9,322 69
Premiums in due course of collection 296.31S 27
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for flre and marine risks... 33,689 45
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 3,550 79
Warrants 3,075 45
Fire premium notes 10.888 54
Total assets $8,734,595 90
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 134,563 70
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 93.773 91
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 7,000 0*
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,010,525 37;
reinsurance 50 per cent 510,263 68
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year, 1,291.-
647 18; reinsurance pro rata 637, 12
Gross ■ premiums on marine and In-
land navigation , risks, reinsurance
100 per cent.. 83,780 83
Gross premiums ~on ■ marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent 51,444 81
All other demands against the com-
pany 113,149 91
Total liabilities $1.451.251 IS
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre .:;,.'
premiums $1,438,305 7*
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premium? 308,448 61
Received for interest on bonds and
mortgages | 29,163 34
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 111,099 41
Received for rents '...... 25,107 50
.Total Income $1,912,129 68
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses. $693,531 73
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 229.742 53
Dividends to stockholders.... 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage .. 232.150 53
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 209 712 OS
Paid for State, national and local
taxes '41.294 48 ■
All other payments and expendi-
tures 174.121 19
Total expenditures $1,700,552 5*
Flre. Marina.
Losses Incurred during the-
year .■■■■■.....5713.556 02 $248.873 5-
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $167,331,560 $2,050,058 33
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 159,219,278 1,943,033 7«
Net amount In force De- .♦
cembe-r 31. 1597 | 195,556.640! 2.312,172 55
I Marine
Risks and Premiums. ' Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year $63,031,020 $514,678 «J
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 62,538,102 453.146 0«
Net amount in force De-
cember 31. 1897 | 6.227.774 136.670 59
WM. J. DUTTON. Vice President.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of January. ISOB. M. M. RHORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
s\37flDl_ HALL'S REINYIGORATOX
k2sj™K»a Five hundred reward for any casa
Hi EH we cannot cure. This secret remedy
L_.' I "top» all losses in 24 hours, cures i■•
538 Ru Emissions. Impotcncy, Varicocele.
f9fm tm Conorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
Uiha fXiii Lost Manhood and all wasting •£-
KM BBS fectsof m.ll iibu.-c or excesses. Sent
_ r< ____P sealed. s2 bottle: 3 bottles.ji; guar-
anteed to pure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also*
for Bale at 1073^ Market St.. S. F. All prl- •
; vat* diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
WeeHy Gall $1.50 per Year" You won't buy toys when ■
|| you can get 'cm free, and g
they're high-class toys at I
that, with every juvenile J
II purchase to-day and all ■
II the werk. B
■ ■■■■■■■■■■
A Pretty
Christmas Outfit.
That pretty little suit you see
pictured above, in blue, with its
pretty little vest; many novel
styles of trimming treatment;
some of the garments are trim-
med with velvet ; a very high-
class suit, &J. always, inclivding
a pair of trousers , with buckle
at thr "knee, which is $1; that's
$5. Th° little cap, just as you
see it in picture, is 75c more ;
that's $5.75.
This will be our great Christ-
mas special, and we will offer
you th* three — the suit. th° ex-
tra pan's and the cap — at
$3.49.
Attraction for Men Folks.
kMI )
raphael's
CACHED FORTUNE
FOUND BY THIEF
Bolinas Man Loses Many
Thousands.
HAS HIMSELF TO BLAME
WAS TOO SLOW IN DIGGING UP
THE GOLD.
Will in Which Its Location Was De
scribed Is Stolen and the
Hidden Depository
Looted.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
BOLINAS, Deo. 17 —Delay in search
ing for money bequeathed to him and
other heirs by a grandfather has cost
Pablo Briones of Boiinus just $20,000.
The money was cached and its location
marked out in a will, but th will was
not found until many years later, and
then was stolen by somebody who dis
played greater agility than did Pablo.
The latter reached the spot only to find
empty the box in which the money had
been placed. Now the Bolinas authori
ties have been asked to un«..rtake the
almost hopeless task of discovering who
has the money and restoring it to the
rightful owners.
Last winter Pablo Briones Sr. died,
leaving several thousand dollars' worth
id swell Scarf
MSP^Y^^L fora gentleman
«|l^4^_J||jl is the one we
fiP« V V LamS /?ici ztre oppo -
W/ i * AWJfiMm site, in th» light
1 Zss\l\ e ff ec with Ro-
j/ss&p\JL fnnn stripes
iffl^>sr J&\ running across.
rj&^ I^jjm\ ■E xc l U/S i ve hab-
erdnshers get
\ Jy#/ Si or no better
tiful as so rt -
ment, entirely new; gotten up
for our holiday trade. Mon-
day at
50c.
Dress Shirts ®?M?i*jsi^
for gentlemen; wP^fy^L
all pure linen Jp Of-^'
bosoms; correct £ [ jB
shape ; linen H r w*
wristbands; [ I
linen, neck- Ml X
bands, body of gIL (
Wa m s utt a BJV i >■
muslin : excel-
lent gift for a
gentleman. Special at
T9g.
■P^^^KHE The new shape
U 1 ''^j * n Bows for
i <»- ( % ; gentlemen, in
*|£<$fg^3i&fe. fine high-grade
jgjjs3^j«| silks, the usual
50c grade a
very pretty present for a gen-
tleman. A few of these Bows.
Monday they're special at
25c.
Our holiday
attractions for
men fo 7 Jci sur-
pass anything
that we have
ever shown in
the past.
The very
swellest of + ++ + + +
Top Coats in the light shades
in Covert Cloths. The inside
finishings of these Coats are
marvels of the Tailors' art.
And, of course, the suits for
men are the Blue Serge, that
highly popular fabric, that
highly dressy fabric, the
double-breasted Sack, thi sin-
gle-breasted Sack.
Js'oiv, these Suits and the
Overcoats we men'ion, and a
great big pick from some of
the prettiest things we have
shown this season, at
$10.00.
PROMOTION IN STORE
FOR COLONEL PEELER
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.— The recent appointment of Adjutant
General Barrett to the position of Bank Commissioner will probably
result in the promotion of Colonel R. P. Peeler, who has served as
assistant adjutant general during General Barrett's incumbency. Gen
eral Barrett will resign in a few days to assume the duties of his
new office, thus leaving the position of adjutant general vacant. The
appointment of Colonel Peeler to the position will be a well-merited
compliment to his worth as an officer as well as a just reward for the
valuable services he has rendered the State during the last four
years. If the appointment is made by Governor Budd, Colonel Peeler
will hold the office of adjutant general for a period of about one
month, or until his successor is appointed by Governor Gage.
of property to nine children. John
Briones was named as executor, but his
brother, Pablo, got possession of all the
legal documents in the case and has
since refused to give them up. About
a month ago somebody told young Pab
lo that his father had left him some
land. He started to read over the
documents in his possession and was
astonished to find a will signed by his
grandfather which had never had the
seal broken. The document told Pablo
Briones Sr. that under a cottage owned
by the testator, situated near the
schoolhouse, was buried $20,u00 in gold
coin. A trapdoor led to th • spot where
the money was cached, and a stake was
driven over the exact spot. The money
was placed in an iron box. By the
terms of the will $2500 was to be de
voted to the erection of a Catholic
church, a like amount to be paid to a
priest for offering up prayer for the re
pose of the testator's soul, and the
remaining $15,000 was to be divided
among the heirs.
Young Pablo was overjoyed at the
information contained in the will, and
his fingers itched to get hold of the
money, but he was afraid to look for it
while the house was tenanted. One day
the will was stolen from his pocket
THE SAN EBANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 189 S.
. ... , . ,-.;..■.-"■:
++++++ + + -f -f + ♦> -f + 4-4-4- +++ + + ♦ 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- + -<
Smoking Jacket Specials.
ATSSS\ Some very pretty Tricot Jackets, in blue,
v^*^^a» brown, garnet, with cord trimmings, lined
PJ. -^ 1? throughout ; can't touch 'em in any other store
lj* $ under $5 ; all siz"-s. Be<?int,itig Monday, at
' / $'MskMfts& \ Some very pretty House Coats in those
I %*'^^^vW ' \ Plaids, cord treatment, hindsorrvly gotten
/ vtfc^lP^v&K A \ ""•' s i£htly House Coats; nothing in torn at
I iT^^ffl^^^^ \ ' s an prettier. These, beginning Mon-
( Jj H \ \ $3.98. •
I 3 ißi i kpj.yo.
wfi:-:^*^^^: I Some very pretty Vuietian Cloths, plain.
\£fii \\ solid colors, navy, brown and garnet, quilted
\< l\ satin facings, quilted cuffs , full lined through-
> M IV^ out; nothing in town at $7.50 iv ill approach
f 1 (l 7 'em. These, beginning Monday, at
\ \ fff # $4.98.
while he was in a saloon. This made
him apnrehensive, but as the tenants
were to move next day he quieted his
fears.
On the next evening Pablo repaired
to the vacant house. He found the trap
door and the stake, on top of which was
a ring rusted with age. Four feet un
der ground he found the box. Not a
cent was in it. and the loose condition
of the soil showed that the box had
only recently been opened.
Young Briones rushed off and in
formed the local authorities of his
loss. They are now busily engaged in
searching for a clew to the disapear
ance of the money. So far their quest
has been fruitless. The Briones boys
come of an old Spanish family and are
well known throuehout the county.
Crushed in Machinery.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 17.— Samuel
Watts, an employe of the Alcatraz Pav
ing Company, was caught in the machin
ery of a mixer this morning and his left
leg was cut off near the ankle. He was
tanen to the receiving hospital and is
resting easily.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noon*n, 1017-1023 Mission.
STATE LEAGUE
TO BE FORMED
Good Government Its
Watchward.
SATA CLARA LEADERS' PLAN
SEEKING TO EXTEND THEIR OR
GANIZATION.
Will Call a Convention for the Pro
motion of Honesty in Office
Throughout Cali
fornia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 17.— The Republican
Good Government League of Santa
Clara County took steps to-day which
will eventually lead to a State organi
zation being formed along the lines
laid down in its constitution. For some
time such a move has been contem
plated and discussed. At to-day's meet-
Ing officers of the league were instruct
ed to communicate with all reform or
ganizations in the State with a view to
meeting in convention. Prominent men
in all cities and counties will be writ
ten to and asked to form good govern
ment leagues. A State convention will
then be called and a State organization
formed.
The victory of the Good Government
FALLS FROM MOVING
PASSENGER TRAIN
Mrs. L D. Green, Wife of an Alhambra
Banker, Fatally Mangled Near Los
Angeles.
POMONA, Dec. 17.— While Mrs. L. D. Green, wife of a banker at
Alhambra, who was on the Southern Pacific passenger out from Los
Angeles this evening, was trying to pass from one car to another she
fell from the car platform. She had a bundle of Christmas gifts in
her hands and that impeded her progress so that she lost her bal
ance. Her right hand was cut off by the car wheels and she was in
jured internally. The doctors do not think she will live until morn
ing. She has a family of grown children in Alhambra and many rela
tives throughout California.
League here at the last election : has
attracted a great deal of attention and
the league i 9 constantly in receipt of
letters inquiring about its plan Jof or
ganization. It is believed a league can
be formed in each city. i This • would
give a strong State organization and
one i that would be a material factor in
selecting representative State legisla
.tors. • ' ' : ■-. V:.:- -■ ', ' i- "■ "■', - ■ ■■.--•. \.\
i The Stratton primary election law
was discussed by. the league to day.
A committee _ was appointed .to . susrKest
some changes to representatives . in the
Legislature. The members ; favored
holding both the primaries. for legisla
tive ' and county conventions 'on the
same day. It was also proposed to cut
down election expenses by reducing the
pay of election officers to about 52 50
per day. "-.;....... . .'...'
' peP": Rf | ] Some real
' ij-b-j "tf ■' : high c ass Sus-
ChPj|rj"-r ■ venders, neatly
// 55 1 lKju put up in a box,
ft irv the S ° lid C 0l ~
ljl %cuofj%^§  . . ors of satin and
ill -IHj l rC"d|'''; in the pretty
11 i -IHJ u-THi ■'■■ " Roman stripes. .
-i!\., . ./yZIZy j,'|l «4 very Hand-
| vx'/av>^ $J some present
1 /V^AyC % for a gentle-
/y/%&\\ If man; sterling
ii /T~^ silver mount-
/A |\ ings — can't
/YX&J&vK touch 'em else-
U6rrtK^si where under
$2.50. Monday, these at
$1.49.
m^^ A pick from
Joi^&± our high-grade
fflFi lh;^^^ stock of Si I k
H^?jO^O^ Mufflers, rang-
* n P r^ ce
/Wo^Ol from $4 down
M^g^n^ to $2.50. For
pick of any of
'em— there'll be
a rush for these — at
$1.00.
Jap a ette
/f\< Handkerchiefs ,
/l '\ \ woven raised
/ i \ \ silk initials. A
A I Z&\ A very pretty
\V^^//\/ Ha ndkerchief,
■ X/ yet inexpen-
sive. A whole
dozen of 'em at
$1.29.
Doubled at All Points.
We believe in strength.
We believe Boys' Clothes (dilflk^^
should be strongly con- c^^WSk^
structed. So we have ma de \ Jjr
up a line of the finest --^^C^^b*^
grade of Scotches in all j^^S^^^^^i
new winter colorings— j/^^^^^^^MM
bright, attractive, pleas- j^^^^^^^SW^-^
ing and in direct line mith i
good taste, for chaps be- \
tween the ages of 8 and '^^^^^^^^m^
16. Where they're double ' ra^^^ad^^S_
10. W here they re double
15 at the at ; where the llir W^^^sr-^
little fellows kneel at the \Wf itftfSi!] \
knee they're also double. \ a ®$^ff I
Now, here's a tower of Ho t^^wJi • /
strength and has always lsMlkii&c> iP^S? $/
been termed our popular
$5 Suit. That means it's J^^^S^-^
as good as any other &^&
store's $6 suit. It will be \fe|
a holiday special at
$3.45.
SHOOTING AFFRAY AT
YOUNTVILLE HOME
One Veteran Wounds Another Whom
He Found Occupying His
Bed.
NAPA, Dec. 17.— James M. Jackson
fired three shots from a revolver at Ed
ward McColgan at the Veterans' Home
last night about 7 o'clock. All three took
effect.
The affray was caused by a dispute
which arose between Jackson and Mo
Colgan at about 6:45 p. m. in the con
valescent quarters at the hospital. Jack
son had returned from a furlough In San
Francisco and found another man, Ed
McColgan, in possession of his bed and
■-■-■-■- B-1-B -M-H
■ Little folk?, you're just m
g as icelfome a? thi fliwers .
I that bloom in the spring.
W Santa Cl aits wants you. II
■ ■ D- B- ■-■- ■- ■- ■- ■-«
A Pretty Winter Coat.
A pretty Winter Coat, a right smart-look-
ing Top Coat, for chaps between the ages of
4 and IS, velvet collar, made in those fiiif
Venetian cloth.", in the light tan shades.
This is quite the. proper caper for your little
man. It's as 7 5>J Overcoat, but it's going to
be a big holiday special uith M at
$4.84.
a. quarrel ensued. The wounded man Is
now lying at the point of death. Jackson
was immediately placed under arrest and
brought to Napa by. Nightwatchman Al
len of the home and placed in the County
Jail. ■
Jackson gave the following statement
In an interview:
"I was away from the home four days;
went down to San Francisco to deposit
some pension money in the bank and to
visit my daughter, Mrs. Amelia Smith, at
190 South Park. When I returned to
night I found that this man had my bed
He said that he intended to keep it. I
told him that if he was a gentleman he
would let me have it. He grabbed me by
the throat and threw me on the be* and
I drew my gun and shot him three time«
I did not know how I was shooting i
was so angered at his insult, and I don't
know where the shots struck him nor
how badly he is hurt, but I am a man
who prefers death to dishonor, and as
there is no protection provided at the
home for gentlemen or for manhood I had
to protect myself."
Jackson is 7*> years of age. he says, and
McColgan's age is given as 64 on the Great
Register. Jackson is an old miner He
served in the Mexican and Civil wars
and in some of the Indian wars
DEATH OF "OLD SLEUTH."
Harlan P. Halsey, Well-Known Writ-
er of Fiction, Is Summoned.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.-Harlan P. Hal
sey, the author known as "Old Sleuth,"
died last night of cerebral hemorrhage
at his home in Brooklyn. He was born
in New York sixty-one years ago.
Robert Treat, the first Colonial Gov
ernor of Connecticut, was one of his an
cestors, and Halsey was a member of the
Sons of the Revolution.
In all, he had written 135 books, and
his fortune was estimated at $500.0u0.
He wrote often two books a week. His
last book was "Only a Photograph."
He was a member of the Union League
Club of Brooklyn and of the Board of Ed
ucation.
Missionary Work at Porto Rico.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— The American
Missionary Association has appointed
Rev. A. F. Beard. D.D., and Lucien M.
Warner of Bridgeport, Conn., a special
delegation to visit Porto Rico and Inves
tigate concerning the initiation of relig
ious work there in behalf of the associa
tion, which represents the Congregational
churches of the United States.
3536
THOUSANDS OF
TROOPS UNFIT
FOR SERVICE
Ravages of Disease at
Manila.
TWENTY SMALLPOX PATIENTS
COTS STAND IN TENTS DEEP
WITH MUD.
Wives of Many Officers Arrive at
Manila, and the Refreshing Sight
of a Pretty American Face
Is Often Seen.
BY CORPORAL F. A. HEALY.
Special Corresp.rKlence of The Call.
MAX] LA, Oct. :>. — Aguinaldo, ser
vant, schoolteacher, general and all
round grafter, La trying to make him
self famous by following the example
of a certain French Kins who became
a monument in history by the very
simple process of marching and coun
termarching his troops on the side of
a hill. H>' has, all told, hardly 5000
wtll-armed and organized troops, yet
with this army-in-embryo he is having
more fun than a dog with two tails.
He marches them this way and that;
mobilizes and di.sba.nds them; sends
them this way and the other, all the
■while issuing blood-curdling mani-
I patriotic addresses, which
reaJly sound very fine, but which
as a matter of fact, don't amount
to a row of pins. No one tares
how much he plays at being soldier s<>
long as he confines his antics to the
mountains and high places. But once
In a while he cuines -near enough to the
city to annoy the army quartered here
and then he i.s promptly brought up
vith a round turn. Several of these
little episodes have occurred since we
have been here and they invariably
follow the ?ame general m programme.
Aguinaklu begins by pushing his out
posta nearer and nearer to the city un
til they come dose enough tv the
American sentries to be an eyesore.
low of their interfering
with the proper discharge of business
In and about the outskirts, un the
heolb of these ci mplainta come rumors
of various and sundry blood-curdling
plots to burn and saxk the city. The
next move in the game is a notice to
Mr. Aguinaldo to withdraw to a greater
distance, thereby increasing the en
chantment of his view. Mr. Aguinaldo
reples to these notices by addressing
his cohorts in a series of burning
ties, condemning the Anglo-Saxun
and calling on all true Filipinos to
drive from their soil the desecrating
foot of the envader, or die in the at
tempt. An ultimatum follows giving
him a day on which to either movi
be put out and the troops are confined
in barracks, ready to march at a mo
ment's notice If it be necessary to
make the latter part of the ultimatum
KftLn^lnßll BB^rs HMI wrm H^alWnWrnrMPlfNl
I / /// / , / HUDYAN is the greatest
/ I I / / / / remedio-treatment that has
/ /// I / / / / ever been produced by any
/ // ' / / combination of physicians. It
/>' / / cures prematurity. The HUDYAN
/ / / / r emed.o-treatment cures the diseases
/ / / / and disabilities of men. It is a remedio-
/ / / treatment for men only. It cures nervous
/ / weakness, spermatorrhoea, losses and pir-
n/ / pies. HUDYAN cures depression of spirits.
/ / bashfu!ness, inability to look frankly into the
/ / eyes of another. HUDYAN cures headache, dim-
/ / ness of sight, weak memory, loss of voice.. HUD-
/ / VAN cures stunted growth, dyspepsia, constipation.
1 / / HUDYAN cures weakness or pains in the small of the
/ / back, loss of muscular power, gloomy, melancholy forebod-
/ / ings. HUDYAN can be had from the doctors of the HUD-
1/ SON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, and from no one else. You need
Jy HUDYAN when the facial nerves twitch, as there is certain to be
" an irritation at their centers in the brain. You need HUDYAN when
there is a decline of the nerve force, be.cause this decline shows a lack
of nerve life, which may develop into nervous debility, and then pos-
sibly into nervous prostration. If you have harassed your nerves, if
you have knotted or gnarled them, if you have abused your nerves, the
best thing for you to get is HUDYAN. You can get HUDYAN only
from us. HUDYAN cures varicocele, hydrocele, dizziness, falling sen-
sations, despair, sorrow and misery. Consult the HUDSON DOC-
TORS about HUDYAN in their offices— they occupy a building of
thirty rooms — or write for circulars and testimonials of the great
HUDYAN.
♦•f + + + + + + v^ + + + + + + + + + «-
MX CONSULT THE HUDSON DOCTORS TIT) TITJI
I HJjJII X CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS ♦ JJ iiljjj
BLOOD POISON— In its first, secondary or tertiary form is sure to show these
BLOOD POISON— bad signs: You will notice copper-colorei spots, an itching
. BLOOD POlSON— skin, irritate dry,, parched throat, <nres in mouth, falling hair.
BLOOD PO SON— You have to be quick to stop this disease. If you want to be
BLOOD POlSON— cured easily, quickly and thoroughly consult the doctors of
BLOOD POISON-HUDSON. Their great
blood POISON- 3O . DAY r^i ir?f^
BLOOD POISON— OU'UM T JrC*2/
BLOOD POISON— Is what you need. Call or write for circulars of 30-day cure.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
SAN FRANCISCO - ...... ',.?.,; _..->...;.::-. ... .]CAI-. ;
good. Aguinaldo makes more speeches,
the Filipino Congress passes rapidly
through a crisis and several fits; the
Filipino troops stay where they are
until the last moment, when they get
out as rapidly as they can and every
thing once more returns to its normal
condition. This is about all there real
ly is to one of those insurgent scares
that are being continually flashed
"We had one only a few days ago, and
had it resulted In anything the Califor
nia regiment would have gone into bat
tle under a new colonel. Colonel Smith
has been appointed to the temporary
command of the First Brigade, pend
ing the arrival of General King, who
is supposed to be on his way here now
aboard the good ship Arizona. Lieu
tenant Colonel Duboce has taken com
mand of the regiment, Brevet Lieu
tenant Colonel Boxton has the First
Battalion, Major Sime is still with the
Second, while Captain O'Neill takes
temporary command of the Third. The
regiment has undergone a battalion re
organization, which changes the com
panies all around so that hardly a com
11 y now remains as a part of the bat
on in which it left home. I do not
w the reason for these changes, but
cpect it was done to put an end to
talion and company jealousy, which
for a time was rife throughout the en
tire regiment.
Sickness still prevails, and from
what I can learn nearly a thousand
men are seriously ill in hospital, while
twice that number are walking around
totally unfit for active service. The
California buys have been very lucky
as regards disease. While many of
them— very many indeed — have been ill,
the mortality among the lads from San
Francisco has been proportionately
small. This is due partially to their
<>\vn good sense, partially to the
nt physique of the regiment, and
In a Kreat measure to the excellent care
taken of them by their col
and members of the medical
staff. About twenty patients now lie
in the smallpox tents, or, rather, about
twenty did lie there last night. How
many remain this morning I am unable
to say. From what is told me I am in
clined to think that these tents must
be anything but pleasant places for
the sufferers they are supposed to
shelter. They stand in an open square
in a central part of the new city. No
shade protects them from the fierce
heat of the midday sun, nor is there
any flooring to keep out the water when
it rains. The consequence Is that on
a pleasant day the heat is well nigh
unbearable and the atmosphere stilling,
while on a stormy day the water runs
in and overflows the ground, turning
the dirt of their floors into a slushy bed
of mud two Inches deep in which the
cots of the patients stand. However,
I suppr.-se such conditions cannot be
immediately remedied, or they would
Great dissatisfaction is expressed all
through the regiment with the manner
in which the Red Cross people are con
ducting their establishment down here.
They certainly do some good— they
could hardly do otherwise considering
the splendid manner in which
the people at home have out
rl them and the generous way
which they are backed. But
good they are accomplishing
is nothing in comparison with what
such an organization could accomplish
, were the direction of its affairs placed
! in competent hands, and the manage
! ment of its funds entrusted to a man
: whose brains were his recommendation
■ and who traveled on his executive abll
j ity and not on his glib tongue.
The waste and extravagance that re
| suits from Sehlott's incompetency
would in itself be sufficient to support
a hospital four times the size of the
place he now runs and would almost
; supply the entire regiment with the
; delicacies consumed by the compara
tively small number of sick. The best
men that the society sent out, such, for
instance, as Waage, Lewis and Hark
(now assisting Dr. O'Brien at the
smallpox hospital), have become so dis
gusted with Schlott and his methods
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBEB 18, 1898.
that they refuse to work under his au
thority and the only people who now
look to him as chief are the few women
whom he has brought with him to nurse
the sick and teach the waltz in Manila-
Such help as he has afforded the medi
cal staff has been wrung from him by
diplomacy. In this good work all have
heartily joined with the result that the
regiment is now better off than most of
its fellows, though its sick receive not
nearly as much as they would from the
expenditure of, say, $700 or $SOO per
month, placed in the hands of the regi
mental staff, to be used as those three
gentlemen see fit.
With the arrival of every succeeding
steamer the city takes on more and
more of an American appearance; new
places— mostly bars— spring up, the old
Spanish signs disappear and new ones,
suggestive of a newer and more pro
gressive people, take their places.
Wives of army and navy officers have
arrived and the sight of a pretty
American face is not uncommon now
on the Luneta, while the swish of
American skirts on the Escolta is
heard nearly every hour of the day.
These sights and sounds, together
with the appearance of the city itself,
which 1b gradually becoming more
pleasing to the eye owing to the con
scientious work being done by the Health
Department, tend to remind one more
and more of home, with the result that
a few are becoming contented with
their lot, while the many, realizing the
Joys they have forßaken, are more
homesick than ever.
Social life is also beginning to blos
som forth; dinner parties and the ex
change of friendly visits are things of
nightly occurrence, while ever and anon
some one gets up a dance which is al
ways a success, though the proportion
of men to women is about forty to
one.
Clubs are springing up; two or
three of a social character are already
in a flourishing condition, and the pre
liminary steps to the organization of a
parlor of Elks and a Masonic lodge are
well under way. The great American
prize ring is also an established fact.
A sporting club known as "The Ameri
can Athletic Club of Manila" has been
organized and intends opening on No
vember 10 with the followine splendid
exhibition of fistic talent:
Three round go — F. L. Owen vs. H. P.
Sawyer. Both men belong to the First
California, and both are ■ members of
the San Francisco CadeV Athletic
Club.
Three round go — Fred Long vs. W r . B.
Porter, First California. Porter is an
old member of the Manhattan Athletic
Club and a boxer of consiaerable repu
tation.
After the conclusion of these prelim
inaries there will be two four round
contests for a decision and a purse
each, between William Monahan. 135
pounds, First California and San Fran
cisco Athletic Club, and H. Jones. 136 V«
pounds. First California; and Private
McGuire of the Wyomings. who will
fight at 140 pounds, will try to whip
Private Henrie, of the Third Artillery,
who will meet him at the same weieht.
The event of the evening will be a
four-round contest between two welter
weights, J. McMurry of the Colorados
and Jim Kavanaugh of the Montanas,
who will spar for a decision and a per
centage of the gate receipts.
Sergeant Joseph Maher of the First
California is the manager of the new
club, while James McQueeney of the
same regiment has been appointed of
ficial timekeeper. On November 11
Tom Lynch of the Third Artillery will
act as referee.
The admission to this first prizefight
in Manila will be Jl American or $2
Mexican. The entire army is deeply
interested and the old cockpit, where
the bouts will be fought, will be crowd
ed to Its limits when the night of the
contest arrives.
There is also some talk among our
boys of getting up a neld day to be
held in the early part of next month.
A football game for Thanksgiving is
among the possibilities of the near
future. There are enough men in the
regiment to make a fair representation,
both of the blue and gold and cardinal,
and I venture to say that it will be
something of a sight to see the boys
turn out to do their devoirs before
mahogany bleachers, crowded from top
to bottom with Mestizo, Spanish and
Filipino belles, each wearing the colors
of her favorite college and rooting for
its success.
Of the boys themselves there is but
little to say. They don't take to gar
rison duty with the same enthusiasm
as they do to active campaigning and
flgting. They realize that they must
endure it, however, whether they like
it or not, so they go along doing the
best they can, than which no body
of men can do more, and while waiting
for the hour of deliverance and the
order which will deliver them from out
this Oriental land of Egypt and house
of bondage, continue to perfect them
selves in drill and in all else, particular
ly patience, that becomes a soldier.
Sol Sheridan leaves to-morrow for
home via Hongkong. He has by his
long association with the regiment
come to be regarded as one of the b.iys.
Officers and men look upon his depart
ufe as a regimental calamity.
wiaplain McKinnon accompanies Mr
Sheridan as far as Hongkong. Father
McKinnon takes this trip by the orders
of his physician, as he has been so
worn out by his numerous duties that
were he to continue their interrupted
performance he would be in danger of a
total physical collapse.
The regimental stocking is hanging at
our open fireplace and every boy In
the entire command will close his eyes
Christmas eve praying that, when he
awakes he may find, hidden in its
depths, the welcome order home.
CONTROLLER COLGAN'S
BIENNIAL REPORT
Coming Session of the Legislature Is
Expected to Cost the State
$125,500.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.— Controller
Colgan to-day filed his biennial reDort
with Governor Budd. The report showa
that during the past two fiscal years
expenditures have exceeded receipts by
$827,055 79. The law of 1893 imposing
a tax on collateral inheritances has.
during the past two years, added 5144,
217 to the school fund.
Attention is called the fact that
there is no provision for replacing
buildings destroyed by fire except by a
legislative appropriation, and the re
port recommends that a fund be ret
aside which can be drawn upon for
erecting or repairing buildings without
waiting for an appropriation.
It Js recommended that a fund be
created to be used in the case of the
National Guard being called to suppress
riot or in other emergency.
The report concludes with estimates
of expenditures for the next two years.
It is estimated that the coming "Legis
lature will cost the State $126,500. No
les sthan $406,150 is thought to be
necessary for military purposes. The
cost of the State printing office is put
down at $285,800.
Sentenced for Burglary.
NAPA, Dec. 17.— August Neber was this
morning found guilty of burglary In the
second degree by a jury in the Superior
Court. He was charged with stealing a
tent from Richards of the Stone Saloon
The jury was out fifteen minutes. Neber
waived time for the passing of judgment
and Judge Ham sentenced the defendant
to serve two years at San Quentln. Be
fore the court pronounced sentence the
defendant stated that he was innocent and
convicted on false testimony, and in con
cluding asked the court to be lenient.
California Calendars for 1899.
"California Wild Flowere," "Whist."
"Chinese," "American Girl." "California
Missions," "Boys of '98," "Redwood" and
forty-eight other good calendars for 1*99.
Price list mailed on application. Christ
mas cards as usual. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. ♦
ONE-TWELFTH
ACT WILL BE
THE REMEDY
Teachers Will Begin the Battle
of the Courts for Their
Pilfered Pay.
Director Waller Appeals to Judge Belcher
to Annul His Rigorous In
junction.
The passing: of claims to the amount of
$63,953 for supplies by the Board of School
Directors to the exclusion of teachers'
salaries which are now due and payable
for the month of November has aroused
the community to a pitch of great excite
ment, and it is the universal opinion that
something: should be done to compel the
shifty but solid eight to pay the just
claims of the teachers, who have earned
their remuneration by the faithful per
formance of their onerous duties. In
quiry at the law offices of Garber, Olney
& Olney, who are representing the teach
ers in the present effort to compel the
School Directors to pass their salary
warrants, failed to elicit any information
as to the method of procedure which they
intend to follow, on the ground that it
would tend to forewarn the other Bide,
and they argue that such a course is not
good policy on their part. They are,
however, thoroughly confident that they
have a good case, and that the teachers
will be made happy by shortly receiving
their salaries in full, a result which will
be fully appreciated by them, especially
at this season of the year. The first step
taken yesterday was the filing of eight
hundred claims for salaries duly sworn
to and formally presented to Secretary
Welch of the Board of Education.
Inquiry in other quarters as to the legal
remedy in the matter was made, and it
was learned that there were three ways
in which the desired result could be ac
complished. The first is to have a per
emptory writ of mandate issued on the
School Board compelling them to sign
the warrants for the salaries. If this be
successful there would be no need of hav
ing recourse to the other two proceedings.
These last are founded on questions of
fact and hinge on the plea that ths de
mands of 163,953 for supplies which have
been sent to the Auditor were all in
curred during the months of July, August,
September, October and November, and
consequently the board had no authority
to pass them, as the appropriation had
already been used up for those months
under the provisions of the one-twelfth
act. That is the groundwork of the com
plaints which may be filed. It is then in
order to have a writ of injunction issued
on the Auditor enjoining him from slgn
lng the demands, or failing in this an
other writ may issue preventing the
Treasurer from paying them.
But if these two remedies should fail,
then the board may b^ held responsible
for passing the demands for supplies in
violation of the one-twelfth act and would
be liable on their bonds. This last may,
after all, be the most effectual method
of bringing the unsavory majority of the
board to time and punishing them for
their misdeeds.
The one-twelfth act is very clear cm the
liability of officials who violate its express
provisions and it will be relied on to reach
the School Directors or any other officers
of the municipal government. Section 6of
the act reads that "All Supervisors, as
well as the Auditor or any other officer
authorized or aiding to authorize or au
diting or allowing any claim or demand
upon or against said treasury or any fund
thereof in violation of any of the provis
ions of the one-twelfth act shall be liable
in person and upon their several official
bonds to the contractor damaged by such
illegal authorization ,by reason of the non
payment of his claim."
The teacher comes under this category,
for he or she has contracted or sworn to
do certain work for a stated amount.
Again section 7 of the same act says:
"The Treasurer paying any claim author
ized or allowed or audited in violation of
these provisions shall be liable on his
official bond to refund the same to the
city treasury."
There is no question that the remedy is
apparent if the demands were passed in
violation of the act, and the facts unmis
takably bear out that assumption. Injunc
tions in the cases of swelling the substi
tute list with thirty new teachers and the
abolishing of the business evening school
were successful, and they should be
equally successful in the present teachers'
emergency of the non-payment of salar
ies.
The "open door" policy inaugurated in
the financial system of the Board of Edu
cation by the startling opinion of District
Attorney Dunne was taken advantage of
yesterday when Attorney Powers carted
out of Secretary Welch's office at the
City Hall supply claims aggregating $30.
000 and over. He took them to the of
fice^)f Auditor Broderick and left them
wit# him for his necessary signature,
though none of them had been signed by
either Superintendent Webster or Presi
dent Barrington. It was the first ag
gressive step taken against the teachers
since the passage of the resolution rob
bing them of their November salaries.
It is also the first step taken toward
robbing them also of their pay for De»
cember. At the end of this month there
would be enough money and to spare in
the treasury to pay one month's salaries,
were the Directors so disposed, but dis*
posed they are not, and as fast as bills
can be brought in and sent downstairs
without the Superintendent's signature
they will be audited.
It is no matter of choice with Auditor
Broderick. He has not the right of pref
erence. That lies with the Board of Ed
ucation, and upon it be the blame. So
long as the claims that are brought to
him, be they of merchants or pedagogues,
are within the provisions of the one
twelfth act, he is obliged to audit them
against the moneys to the department's
credit.
The injunction Issued by Judge Belcher
on Friday against the Directors has left
them in i Quandary, though they will
use every effort to have it annulled. Tt
was the programme of the board to en
list the legal services of eminent and re
putable attorneys and to appear yester
day morning before Judge Belcher with
an application to have the restraining
instrument dissolved, but Director Waller
went off half cocked, and with Jake
Samuels in tow, appeared before the
Judge yesterday morning and made per
emptory demand upon him. Judge
Belcher looked up from the work on his
desk before him and said. "What is it
you want, gentlemen?" "We want to
speak with your Honor upon a matter
of gravest importance." replied Samuels
6uavely. "A restraining order most un
just has been issued against one of the
most important bodies of this municipal
ity and we wish to auk your Honor to
withdraw"—
"Law and motion day is on Friday, sir';
if you wish to make a motion come here
then," brusquely retorted Judge Belcher,
and the premature Waller and suave
Samuels retired discomfited.
"I can see our finish " said Waller later.
" We'll go In there Friday and he will
take our motion under advisement for a
we.-k and then we will be out of office."
Director Ragan is more firm than ever
in his intention to see that justice is done
to ex-Teacher Stanton when he arrives in
this city for the purpose of presenting hla
knowledge of the School Board before the
Grand Jury. Director Ragan, who had the
recently quashed indictment for extortion
found against Stanton in the first place,
was In consultation yesterday with his
attorneys, W. W. Foote, Reel B. Terry,
J. J. Dwyer and Andy Clunie. They have
advised him that he has a good case
against his man and on Monday morning:
Mr. Terry will appear before Judge Car
roll Cook to ask that the indictment be re
stored against the ex-teacher. He will
base his request upon the grounds stated
in The Call of yesterday morning. Dr.
Ragan is very bitter at the allegations
that Stanton has made against him and
is resolved to make him prove his asser
tions and to also pay the penalty for his
alleged attempted blackmail.
Albert Lyser, principal of the John
Swett Grammar School, expressed himself
in no uncertain terms against the pay
ment of contractors' demands and the
consequent total ignoring of the teachers'
claims for salaries. He said:
"1 do not like to antagonize the mer
chants on this score, but the bills for
these supplies were contracted previous
to the month of December, and it is pro
posed to take the money from this
month's appropriation to pay them. Now
If the one-twelfth act means anything It
means that these bills of the merchants
should be ordered paid within the month
in which they were contracted. I want
to disclaim strongly on behalf of the
teachers any antagonism to those mer
chants or any opposition to the payment
of their just claims, for I believe them
to be just and that they should be paid.
But they should have been paid as the
teachers' salaries are, from month to
month, and ought not to be allowed to ac
cumulate until they eat up the legal ap
propriation for an entire month, so as to
prevent payment of the teachers' just
earnings. The teachers are very much
wrought up over this question, as they
fear the stoppage of the December sal
aries, with no certainty of ever getting
the money. The matter is of sufficient
importance to necessitate arousing the
community to a realization of the great
injustice being done to them.
"The difficulty comes not so much from
the excessive bills for school supplies as
from the overcrowding of the schools
with unnecessary teachers, the number of
whom is startling. By those I mean the
'floaters,' or unassigned teachers. We
have too many day, evening and High
School substitutes. The substitute list is
apparently depleted, but this is caused by
the great number of teachers in schools
who nave no visible occupation, and who
are really not needed.
"When School Director Waller made the
statement that the John Swett School had
been furnished with $3000 worth of furni
ture I fear that he was greatly mistaken
in his figures, for I saw every piece of
it and consider that less than half that
amount shouui have covered the cost.
"I do not know just how the teachers'
attorneys will proceed in the matter of
compelling the board to pay salaries, but
I understand that they are actively en
gaged in formulating their plans, and I
have no doubt that they will be entirely
successful. 1 '
FUNERAL OF THE LATE
EX-SENATOR C. S. BRICE
Services Held in New York and the
Remains Shipped to Ohio for
Interment-
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— The funeral of
ex-Senator Calvin S. Brice of Ohio took
place to-day in the Fifth-avenue Presby
terian church. The edifice was crowded.
The Rev. Dr. Wallace Radcliffe of
Washington was in the pulpit when the
remains were brought in, and the choir
in waiting began to sing "Sun of My
Soul" as the casket was borne up the
maine aisle. It was placed on a bier and
partly covered with lilies of the valley
and carnations.
At the close of the service the body
was carried out before the congregation
dispersed, while the choir sang "Abide
With Me."
A large delegation of members of the
Ohio Society were present. Among the
prominent persons in the church were
Colonel Robert G. Ingersoll, Senator
Mark Hanna, General T. H. C. Collins.
General Anson G. McCook, H. H. Red
way, General Henry L. Burnett, George
R. Sheldon, Colonel Arthur W. Soper and
Richard Croker.
The body was taken to the Erie Rail
road terminus, in Jersey City, where it
was placed on a train for conveyance to
Lima, Ohio, where it will be interred.
STEAMSHIP GOVINE
FOUNDERS AT SEA
Crew of Unfortunate Vessel Picked
Up by the Danish Vessel
Thingvalla.
LONDON, Dec. 17.— The Danish steamer
Thingvalla, bound from New York for
Christiania. passed Dunnett Head to-day
and signaled that she had on board the
crew of the British steamer Govlne,
which foundered at sea December 11.
The Govine, Captain Dickinson, sailed
from Leith on November 25th for Balti
more. She was built at Sunderland in
ISB2. Her dimensions were 287 feet length,
37 feet beam and 27 feet depth. She was
owned by the Columbia Steam Navigation
Company of Sunderland.
SOUGHT TO TUNNEL
FROM SAN QUENTIN
Two Convicts Detected While Drill
ing Into the Floor of Their
Cell.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. Dec. 17.-Two
Russians confined on charges of burglary
attempted to escape from the peniten
tiary last evening by drilling a hole in the
floor of their cell with the intention of
sinking a shaft and tunneling their way
to the bay shore. They were detected
while at work by Captain Edgar and his
assistants and both placed in solitary con
finement.
The two are J. Borniatorsky. who is
serving twenty years for a burglary com
mitted in San Francisco, and "Ax Joe,"
who was sent from Santa Clara County
for one year on a similar charge. The real
name of the latter has never been learned.
Borniatorsky worked in the Jute mill,
where he contrived to fashion a rude
auger, which was smuggled to his cell in
the southern building. The convicts had
the iron floor of their cell nearly pierced
when discovered. The stupendous nature
of their task is manifest when it is stated
that to reach the outer world they would
have had to tunnel nearly 2000 feet.
LOS ANGELES CHOSEN.
National Educational Association to
Meet in California.
CHICAGO. Dec. 17.— The executive com
mittee of the National Educational Asso
ciation was in session at the Great North
ern Hotel to-day to determine upon some
suitable place for the next meeting of
the national conference, which is to be
held July 10. 1899. The entire afternoon
was devoted to the discussion of the mat
tor and it was finally decided to hold the
convention in Los Angeles.
Democrats Lose Control.
SUISUN, Dec. 17.— When the successful
candidates at the recent election take
their official positions after January 1,
some noticeable changes will be observed.
For the first time in fifteen years the
Board of Supervisors in Yolo County will
be Republican and the Solano Board of
Supervisors, which has had a Demo
cratic majority for a similar period, will,
after the next monthly meeting, consist
of three Republicans and two Democrats.
The administrations, too, of several offi
cials who have held office for many years
will close. In Napa County George S. Me-
Kenzie, who has held the office of Sheriff
for ten years, will retire. Charles Schir
mer of Solano County, who has acted in
the capacity of County Assessor for
twelve years, will also vacate his posi
tion.
Fail to Find a Leper.
WOODLAND, Dec. 17.— Another thor
ough but unavailing search was made by
the officers on Thursday night for the
leper in old Chinatown. The officers have
concluded that their informant has been
drawing on his Imagination.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
saaaaaaaa-aaaasaaaasssaaaasasaaaaafcscj
I THIS WEEK'S , 1
I GREAT OFFERINGS I
a ...0F.., [ a
I HOLIDAY GIFTS ! I
811 vJJXI/XX 1 VHIX lUifi
8 a
« _j : 8
« 8
a ' DRESS GOODS. :•"
B Novelty Dress Patterns in very lat-
a est styles in Cheviots and Silk and
a Woof Novelties. Special from . . ,
«■ $3.00 to $7.50
a a suit.
8 BLACK GOODS.
** Novelty Creponne and Periola Suit-
a ings in rich Mohair raised effects ; very
a latest styles. Special from
« $6.00 to $15.00
b . a suit-
% SILK SKIRTS.
8 Best quality Ttffeta Silk Petticoats,
$ plain and fancy; in various styles;
33 with deep accordion plaited and Span-
* ish flounces ; all latest colorings. Spe-
" cial from
* $5.00 to $15.00
8 each.
» MOREEN SKIRTS.
8 ' ■■ !
w Best quality of all-wool . Moreen
£* Skirts, with a deep Spanish flounce
** and three Moreen and silk ruffles ; in
a new shades of cerisse, purple, new
8 blue, green, turquoise and black. Spe-
0 cial from
8 $3.50 to $6.00
8 each. "
a" COMFORTERS.
& Extra large siz- Sateen and Silk coy
# ered ; In very latest designs ; filled with
,£ best quality down. From 1 i
8 $5.00 to $10.00
. each.
»■ BLANKETS.
$ % Large size Caii.ornia All- Wool
13 Blankets, made of extra fine quality
£; Wool. Silk bound in very pretty
** borders. Special at
« $3.95, $5.50 and
1 $7.50 per pair.
«•■ UMBRELLAS.
! o Ladies' and Men's Umbrellas, made
„ of best material, steel rods ; with lat-
! „ est Dresden and Natural Wood Han-
I 5; dies. From
I $1.50 to $7.50
I a each.
! a
)Q . -• . . . STORE OPEN EVENINOSm. ...... re - : ' : : -^
» SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. '»
I « ~
COVNTiir ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT . ATTENTION. «
I Q X(
» TTJ7T* ~" """"• ■■""■"" ■ " ■ " »
'•^ • • w
NEEDS OF THE MEDICAL
BRANCH OF THE ARMY
General Sternberg Appears Before
the House Committee on Mili
tary Affairs.
WASHINGTON* Dec. 17.— Surgeon Gen
eral Sternberg of the army was heard by
the House Committee on Military Affairs
to-day concerning the proposed Increase
in the army. In the main the hearing
was confined to the bureau needs with
reference to the recent war. General
Sternberg said the medical branch of the
army at no time had been adequate, even
in time of peace. Now that it was pro
posed to expand the army fourfold, the
medical branch should be expanded at
least threefold. He urged that the most
essential need of the medical corps was to
have experienced men quickly available
for emergencies The want of experienced
medical officers had been the main trou
ble in the recent war.
The Burgeon general, he believed, should
be given the rank of major general, al
though he hardly expected this to be done.
He was ready to go on until retirement on
the present basis himself, and merely
urged the rank as a matter of proper or
®.®® ®®®®©® ©©©© © ©©©© ®®o®®®®®®®®®®®®'®®®
® \mr^ "we cut THE prices,- NOT THE QUALITIES OR QUANTITIES." ®
® \9£pJ prescriptions filled at THE right PRICES. '-_ v®
I S THE AWI npilfi COMPANY 1
© 3sfeS CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS, ®
® f^«^S 1228 Market St " Bel Mason and Taylor ' S- f. ®
1 A -. "What Shall I Give for Xmas?" 1
® This is the question of the day — but a visit to our store will easily, delightlully a.
(55 and economically solve it. The whole store fairly sparkles with Christmas X
7L thoughts. Don't wait until the last day or you will be caught in the terrible whirl
® o f the busiest days of the year. You know what that means in this busy store ;if ®
® ad enough in any store. Come to-morrow ; look as long as you like before buying ®
®,f without buying — it will be our fault if you don't come again. - ®
® . / /■. "• ■ ■ ■ - ■ ; ®
® ATOMIZERS. I ROMAN GOLD BRIC-A-BRAC. V i
® The dressing tabU Is Clock, . something ®
® not compete without an ! v . cr >' neat, -Rood time- ■ .-
G) m**. atomixer We have them piece •••.......*.t.«t» ®
jft&b. as low as 250 ■ Fancy Glass Jew- . —.
® " » |R^ One like" cut! ■' Bohemian « !rv Boxe « on -brass •, V^k ®
X W^' glass, with - raised gold , base 30c y@%* ®
v» f\ flower decorations.. $2.00 ; inomni in pjß nlTl , - fTIfiSTH -.
(A J-X Cut Glass Atomizers, i AUbIKIAH BISQUE /»-^S2y^s^W ©
« f^T Ji ol & ever khere ■ el . 8 i o " ! . «l* Lace Dolls, . ®
® I \ 1100 ouc dainty .... 2K«»^Ti*Jir' / A^s ifr '
--^ Js-pA ' ; 'Bohemian Glass Atom- Perfume . HritVi- ■■' ■ llf^r*-* ' ■) J*W (?)
• Mk -lzersatsOc-.75c.-fI.OO Holdei ■■ •« -CaadS jaW4% ®
® Po^ei^o^an^^l s^^^^/^^ftV S"
|%- /^l Christmas flavor, but, Jk/SIT?//. r,, C A ®
I STSUr MSJSSS CELLULOID &OODS. f^i^^^^g
w picking, is much more Our stock is com- r^
® satisfactory to all. We make no charge plete and prices to "*" ' ®
_. for stamping: on orders of a dollar or over, suit everybody Full • •• /S>
® . A MAN IS ALWAYS WANTING SOME- j line of Toilet Article* Wat*™ Soin« a»^ /^(
& THING HE CAN'T GET. : AND IS AL- , Perfumes; such brands m Irft n " d ®
® WAYS GETTING SOMETHING HE DOES ; Roger . & Gallet's ReyJ, ■ rSiiSw^"'' 5)
© NOT WANT. i WE HAVE LOTS OF Lubin's. Ed. Pinaud's and othei^^? "• S
jg THINGS FOR "HIM." : ; .; I Just a little lower than Others ' Pri °** ®
;® '© ©®© © © ®.® ©©©©©©©®®®©© © ®® ® ® ® ® ® ® @ ® ®'-®-®\;
j ' ' ■*.*■■■*■',"-■■...■
HANDKERCHIEFS. »
Children's Colored BorJereJ Initial
Handkerchiefs, in very dainty borders; "
3 in a box; put up in fancy boxes. «
Special at «
25 cents a box «
Ladies' Hemstitches, Pure Linen. g
Hind Embroidered, , Initial Handker- „
chiefs; fin? quality ; the best value in ~
the city. Special at **
15 cents each ~
Men's Hemstitched All Linen Hand- $
Embroidered Initial Handkerchiefs; fine #
quality; the best value in the city.
Special at „
25 cents each a
Ladies 1 fine Scalloped and elegantly 8
Embroidered Pure Linen Handker- 8
chiefs, with lace edge, from a
25 cents to $1.00 »
each. b
v; FANS. -'g
Richly Decorated Empire Fans, with 8
sticks of Pearl, Ivory or Wood, from £
75 cents to $7.50 ®
each. 8
GLOVES. «
a
Glace, Pique Kid Gloves, 2 clasps, #
excellent quality, fine fitting Gloves; «
embroidered backs ; in all the new fait «
shades; every pair fitted and guaran- w
teed, at . - "
$1.25 per pair $
FEATHER BOAS. \g
Rea-1 Ostrich Feather . Boas, in 18, 8
27, 36, 45 and 54 inch lengths; Black, 8
Natural and Wnite; ranging from 8
$2.75 to $20.00 »
each. '■■:.:
STERLING SILVER I
NOVELTIES. §
Dressing Combs, Hair Pin Cases, a
Match Boxes, Memoranda. Darners, $
Tooth Brushes, Brushes, Paper Cut- 8
ters, Pen Wipers, Book M <rks, Stamp «
Cases, Pencil Tips, Pen Holders, Pin £
Trays, Salve Boxes, Pungents, Mani- w
cure Scissors; from **
25 cents to $1.50 a
ganization. He approved the appointment
of trained pharmacists.
The subject of complaints and the San
tiago campaign was brought up by Mr.
Hay of Virginia, who asked a number of
questions. General Sternberg said the
military situation was responsible for
what occurred.
General Wilson, chief of engineers, was
heard on the needs of that branch of the
service. He kept closely to the work of
the bureau, declining to be led into dis
cussions on the conduct of the war. Ha
pointed out the extent of the work done
by the army engineers, covering not only
army operations, but also the vast river
and harbor improvements, lighthouse
boards. Mississippi and Missouri river
commissions.
Sonoma Election Contest.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 17.— Gallant Rains.
Democratic nominee for Supervisor in the
Fourth District at the last election, has
begun a contest for the seat on the board
decided by the official count to belong to
David Walls, Republican. According to
the vote as canvassed by the Supervisors
Walls had 17 majority, but Rains allege*
in his complaint that he has discovered
evidence of illegal voting in several pre
cincts which will change the result. Upon
the decision of the case depends whether
the next Board of Supervisors of Sonoma
County will be Democratic or Republican.BURNS TRIES
TO REPUDIATE
HART'S CLAIM
Attorney Trusted to
His Honor.
SAVED HIM FROM STRIPES
SENATORIAL ASPIRANT SAYS IT
WAS WORK FOR GLORY.
Suit for $25,000 Compensation Will
Come Up for Trial February 27.
The Colonel Pleads Statute
of Limitations.
A further illustration of the manner of
tnan the Southern Pa<-ine has selected as
Its candidate for th~ United States Senate
will shortly be given, when the case of A.
1... Hart vs. D. M. Burns conies up lor
trial before Judge Dunne in the Superior
Court of the city and county of San Fran
cisco.
It is a matter of public knowledge that
Hart was Burns' attorney at the time of
Ms direst need. He went to his aid when
the gates of the penitentiary were yawn
ing wide to receive him, after he had been
deserted by his friends and political asso
ciates and was without money or means
•with which to defend himself against the
charges of embezzlement growing out of
his alleged misappropriation of public
funds while Secretary of State.
There were twelve indictments filed
against Burns in the Superior Court at
Sacramento, and the evidence to substan
tiate them was so strong that attorneys
of established reputation prophesied that
he would in all probability spend the re
minder of his days behind prison walls.
Hart took charge of his case, without
hope of immediate rev. .rd, because he
knew Burns had no money, and after a
legal battle which attracted attention
through the length and breadth uf th,e
State, and even beyond its borders, suc
ceeded in securing the acquittal of his
client on one uf the charges. Eventually
the remaining indictments were dismissed.
Hart a. so acted as one of the attorneys
fur the defense in the action brought by
the State to recover $31,734 64, the all. g< ■!
amount of his shortage while Seen
of State, together with 25 per cent dam
ages and interest, making a total of over
$4t>,000. This suit was brought in San
Francisco and subsequently transferred
to Yolo County. The records show that
Judgment for defendant was entered in
March, ISST. This judgment was set aside
on January 13. ISSB, and a nominai judg
ment for Jlltjji entered in favor of the
State, which was paid on March 12 of the
came year. Hart was the heart and soul
of the defense during all the time these
cases were pending— a period of ten years
from 18S3 to 1893. He spent his own money
freely, and even secured bondsmen for
Burns at a time when the disgraced ex
offlcial's own friends, or those whom he
supposed to be his friends, would have
nothing to do with him. And he did this
on the strength of Burns' word that he
■would make things right when hi 6 Mexi
can mines began to pay. But the Burns
of fifteen years ago was no more to be
trusted than the politician Burns of to
day, and instead of rewarding the man
who saved him from prison he repudiated
hip promise.
.Hart brougrht suit for J2.J.000 for his]
services on November 22, 1894, and oaA
March 14, 1595, Burns filed his answer.
The answer is a remarkable doeunvnt.
In it Burns declares that Hart fought for ;
practically ten years to keep him (Burns) :
from the penitentiary and to prevent him <
from being compelled to make restitution
to the State he was charged with defraud
ing without expectation of reward; that
he volunteered his services with the un
derstanding that he was not to receive
any pay other than the satisfaction he
might derive from the knowledge that he
hRd saved a fellow-man from oblivion and
disgrace presumably.
However, in order to show what a lib
eral man he is. Burns says that notwith
standing he was under no obligation? to
his attorney, he did, on December 6, 1888
pay Mr. Hart the sum of $2000 as "a do
nation and mark of gratitude," and
is was accepted by the attorney as
Then for fear the payment of that sum
should be construed to mean that the
accommodating attorney had really ex
pected pay for his services, and that this
understanding was also at one time
shared by him, the answer to the com
piaint goes on to state that the claim
of the attorney is barred by the statute
of limitations. This will be 'the real de
fense of the Senatorial aspirant in his ef
fort to avoid the payment of claim fur
services of the man who stood by him
and defended him in the days of adver
sity, when friends were scarce and he had
no money to hire counsel or buy immu
nity from punishment.
To the ordinary man it would appear
Btrange that Burns should seek to evade
the payment of a rla.m of this characti r
but he is not an ordinary man. He is not
Influenced or moved by any of those con
siderations that direct the actions of
those who have a high regard for their
honor, as is evidenced by his attempt to
take refuge behind the statute of limita
tions.
The case came up on Friday on a mo
tion of the attorneys for Ehe plaintiff that
the case be set for trial, and Judge Dunne
designated February 27 as the date. M. M
Kstee, of counsel for Burns, liied a writ
ten demand for a jury trial, which Indi
cates that Burns fears to allow the case
to be tried by a Judge, but hopes to se
cure a jury that will be favorable to his
interests.
It is intimated that when the trial Is
begun Attorney Hart will spring a sen
sation of the harassing sort, and the ene
mies of the colonel are chuckling over the
treat they believe to be In store for
them through the falling out of the old
friends, caused by the stinginess and lack
of honor of th* Mexican mine owner and
California politician.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Doc. 17.— John N*. Wil
liams, an old California pioneer, died
this morning in Lorin. aged 6P years. De
ceased oame to this State in 1850, and has
been engaged in mining ever since. He
leaves a widow and three sons.
<<
I
be-
lieve
that
Doctor
Keeley 's
finger is on
the world,"
so said the
eminent Doctor
Ta'.mage in speak-
ing: of the Keeley
Treatment. He and
other prominent men
endorse the Keeley Cure
alfabo\nn Prlnte(s matt€r that «•«•
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES.
1170 Market Street, Ban Francisco
Donohoe Building. '
L&nkershim Building, Third and
Spring Streets, Los Angelea.
Fred a. Pollock, Manager.
GRAND JURY
HAS GONE THE
WAY OF BLOCK
Over a Thousand Shy
in Its Accounts.
EMPLOYED FOUR EXPERTS
STENOGRAPHER COMMANDED A
FANCY SALARY.
The Allowance of the Fiscal Year Is
All Spent and Only an
§1100 Deficit Ra
ni ains.
The present Grand Jury is proving an
expensive ornament. Like the high priced
Mr. Block, who conducts the Tax Collect
or's office on principles unique or noth
ing, ii has not performed service com
mensurate with the casb it has expend
ed. Like Mr. Blo< k. who has not left
enough "f th< funds apportioned to his of
■ • •■> pay I'm- his successor's stamps,
the jury has not enough left to pay the
s'Tvi< c <if its successor's tirst BUbpena.
There was $1500 appropriated to its
uses on tin first of this fiscal year, which
ends on July l next. The jury has spent
$2667 25. This is the amount to date; there
; will be 1200 added to it before the month
is out and the body adjourned. In all
justice to the jury, it has not really spent
that amount of money. Auditor Broder
ick would not let it. It Ims passed claims
to that amount, but Mr. Brnderick has
only allowed the payment of them to the
limit— slsoo. ihe rest is to come from
some source that even the Grand Jury
has'not been able to find. In its extrem
ity it has turned to the "urgent neces
sity" fund, but that plan will not work
for the reason that that fund is to be re
sorted to only when no other means of
payment is provided by the statutes.
The jury's overdraft consists of luxu
ries rather than actual necessities. Pro
fessor Kilpatriek, who was employed to
expert the funds and finances of the
School Board, is down for $116. A. W.
Atherton. who aided Kilpatriek in his
investigations of the Directors, is in for
$90. Miss Clara Stockton, who started
tn last July as stenographer to the Jury
at a meager $100 a month, was raised in
October to $V~~> for meritorious service,
and when she put her bill in with »5
tacked on as rent for her accompanying
typewriter, no one said anything unkind
about it and she was paid forthwith. F.
A. Elliot has also posed as an expert, an
expense since July 1. at $'* a pose, ex
cepting: Sundays. His total bill will be
close to $SiX>. There were also numerous
Inspections in which the jury and prom
inent citizens in carriages ran up an ac
count for livery that foots up *ls.">. and
there were otiiers on the list which
with those already mentioned foots up as
follows:
F. A. Elliot, expert. $790; Clara Stock
ton, stenographer, J7OS; E. Hughes, sta
tionery, JI7H; Thomas Kelley. carriage
hire, $143; M. Flagley. carriage hire. $42 50;
Howard Vcrnon, stenographer. $13 75; G.
Edward "Wright, expert, $585; E. C. Kil
patriek. expert, $116; A. \V. Atherton, ex
pert. J9O: total, $2667 26.
Of the $1500 apportioned to jury purposes
the present body was entitled to only
$750, but as it was not hedged in by the
restricting conditions of the one-twelfth
act, it has spent not only Its own BCare
ami that of its successor, but has left
a deficit of $1167 25. This amount may lie
cut down ?555 by the non-allowance of the
$585 claim of <;. Edward Wright, also an
expert. Mr. Wright's duties were in
the investigation of a State matter and
upon that account Auditor Broderick has
refused to allow his claim, despite that
Mayor Phelan has ridiculed the Auditor's
law and has sent him several pointed let
ters embodying the Pheian idea.
The grand Jurors are not alone in their
little shortage. The stationery fund is
depleted and by the end of the year will
be shy nearly $1000. The public buildings
fund "is already J2SOU to the bad with
more to follow. The repairs fund is in
the same delicate condition, and though
all of these moneys are supposed to be
protected by the one-twelfth act there
will be a big deficit to meet the officials
of the succeeding term. The officials of
the Auditor's office and those of the office
Of the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors
say positively that these over-allowances
cannot be paid out of the urgent neces
sity fund, although at present all de
mands are being made upon it. Just
where the puzzle Is going to find a solu
tion is just now a matter of much con
jecture with those directly concerned.
Noted Ship Chandler.
Among Fhip chandlers and dealers in
naval stores of San Francisco none is
held in higher repute than Lorentz
Foard at 9-11 Market street. Mr.
Foard's stock is especially compk-te and
his prices are among the lowest.
THE GRIPMAN AGAIN.
Elmer Eld«rkin, First New York Vol
unteers. Injured Under Wheels of
a Haight-Street Car.
Elmer Eldcrkin. a private of Company
F. First New York Volunteers, was
aught under the wheels of an outward
bound Haight street car at Grant avenue \
and Market street at 10 o'clock last even
ing and probably, fatally injured. Though
the wheels of the car did not pass over '[
him, he was dragged for some distance
along the street and suffered a bad frac- ;
ture of the skull Just behind the left ear.
He was also seriously bruised about the
body." and internal 'Injuries are expected
to develop. .
Elderkin, who returned but two weeks
ago from the camp of his regiment . in
Honolulu, expected to leave for his home \
in Walton, Delaware County, N. V., on
Monday, and with a party of his com- !
rades was visiting a number of friends he I
has made since his return here. He was
crossing Market street toward Grant ave
nue and became confused 1 between two !
cars going in opposite directions. . To es
cape a McAllister street car bound for
the ferry he stepped on the track in front I
of Haight street car No. 152 and was :
thrown with crushing force to the pave- '
ment. He was picked up by a number of
people who had witnessed the accident I
and carried to the sidewalk unconscious,
to await the arrival of an ambulance
from the Receiving Hospital.
Advances made on furniture and pia-nns, with
or without removal. J. N'oonan. ICIT-1023 Mission.
A VICTIM OF FORGERS.
An English Globe-Trotter Swindled
by a Clever Gang at Honolulu.
J. Morris of York, England, who arrived
from Honolulu on the Mariposa and is
now at the Occidental Hotel, tells a story
of the clever work of a gang of forgers
he met at Honolulu, which shows how
cleverly these gentlemen work.
Mr. Morris and his niece. Miss Bernard,
have been making a tour of the world and
stopped at Honolulu to witness the an- \
nexation ceremonies. Miss Barnard is a
euchre enthusiast and while in the isl
ands her uncle got up a euchre party at
the Royal Hotel, to which he invited
three gentlemen who were stopping at
that house. At the beginning of the game
each member of the party inscribed their
name on the top of a card / and.when the
game was < finished the cards were left
lying on the table. The card bearing Mr.
Morris' name was gathered in by one of
the party and a short time afterward he
missed his check-book. It was finally re
covered by the Hawaiian police and Mr.
Morris at once noticed that several
checks had been torn out. He at once
came to this country and cabled his bank
ers in England to stop payment on the
checks ■ '
The gang managed to > work about JSO ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
worth of the forged checks in Honolulu,
as Mr. Morris' signature was easily ob
tained from the card left behind at the
euchre party.
A RIVAL TO THE AMERICAN
TOBACCO COMPANY.
An Expert's Opinion.
The last issue of "Tobacco"— published in.
London, England— contains the following
interview: "A Central News telegram on
Wednesday morning last reported the for
mation in America of the Union Tobacco
Company, with a capital of $10,000,000. with
the object of fighting the American To
bacco Company.
"The American Tobacco Company, pop
ularly known as the Tobacco Trust, be
ing by far the largest concern of its kind
in the world, a representative of 'Tobacco
called last Thursday on Mr. Bernhard
Baron in view of getting an opinion from
the best available source as to what ef
fect an opposing faction would have on
the Tobacco Trust.
"Mr. Baron has for some years past
been managing- director in America of
the National Cigarette and Tobacco Com
pany—in fact, he to-day holds over $400,
000 In shares of the capital stock.
"He states that his company and him
self have, for the past years, been trying
to do what the Union Tobacco Company
is now attempting. They had all the
money necessary at their command, and
tried every conceivable way to gain a
foothold and obtain the patronage of the
public. Any one who has visited America
will readily acknowledge that the 'Admi
ral' Cigarettes have been advertised in
every corner of the States, and money
was lavished in every direction to get
hold of the trade and patronage of the
public, but without success, while the
American Tobacco Company has in
creased and grown larger and more pow
erful than ever.
"He therefore prophesies without hesi
tation that the Union Tobacco Company
is embarking In a hopeless enterprise. The
American Tobacco Company's great
stronghold in America is the public, both
the masses and the classes, and controll
ing and buying as they do from 60 to 70
per cent of the bright tobacco of Vir
ginia and North Carolina, they are in a
position to give the American public the
best article for the least money, which
they can do as well, if not better, than
any one else, and it is safe to say that
any organization, even with a capital of
$50,000,000, would not affect the American
Tobacco Company in the least, and espe
cially under the presidency of Mr. Duke,
whose ability has brought the company
to its present high standing, and as long
as he lives and is at its head it Is sure to
progress, and will be the greatest con
cern that the world has ever seen.
"Mr. Baron further states, in conclusion,
that to oppose a company like the Ameri
can Tobacco Company now is, with all their
prestige, financial standing and the best
management in the world, would only be
a waste of time, money and energy, "and
suggests that it would be more advisable
for one with a good paying business to
combine with the American Tobacco Com
pany to make them still greater, rather
than oppose them."— New York Tribune,
Dec. 6.
Military News. .
The four companies of the First New
York Regiment now in camp at the Pre
sidio will leave for the East to-morrow.
The Twentieth Infantry, which will pro to
Manila on the Scandia. will encamp at the
Presidio prior to their departure.
Register S. S. Steele of Pittsburg. Pa.,
who has just returned from Manila, has
with him the votes that were cast by the
soldiers of the Tenth Regiment of" that
State in the recent election. Mr. Steele
was sent to Manila as the representative
of the State by the Governor of Pennsyl
vania.
Crowded to the Doors.
The rush of people to attend .c fire
: sale of the Baldwin Clothing Company
I at 924-930 Market street hat filled the
! store to its utmost capacity during- the
I week. A large force of salesmen has
I been inadequate to handle the impa
j tient, clamoring purchasers who recog
j nize the unusual opportunity afforded
| of providing themselves with comfort-
able winter wear at phenomenally low
prices. The management announce
that a larger staff of clerks will serve
the public during the coming: week.
Saved by a Technicality.
J. F. Turner, arrested many times for
land swindling transactions, has won an
other legal victory. He was convicted
of perjury and sentenced to ten years'
imprisonment, from which he took an ap
peal. The Supreme Court reversed the
judgment of the lower court on the
ground that on Turner's second trial the
indictment upon which he was convicted
failed to allege that the perjury was will
ful, which the court thougnt sufficient for
reversal. After this decision Turner in
duced Superior Judge Cook to reduce his
bail to $200.
Closing Exercises.
The first closing exercises of the Mis
sion High School were held on Friday.
The programme was as follows:
"?tar Spangled Banner," girls; essay. "Hero-
Ism." Kate Van Duzen: reading. "Mene Tekel
Upharsln," Edith Beard; tinker's chorus,
"Robin Hood." boys; essay. "Heroes of
1895," May Rldgeway; vocal solo. Miss Black.
Debate, commercial department. resolvod,
"That the National Government should own
Its railroads and telegraphs"; negative. Khnor
Curtis, I-eonla Dunn; rebuttal, Leo MeKlnnnn;
affirmative, George Bush. Thomas Upton: re
buttal, Charles Salyer, "Stripes and Stars For
ever, " classes; presentation of diplomas;
''America," classes.
KK>O<KKKH}OO<K>-<KH><XK>OO<K><>O<J
i Q-<>OK><KK><><K>oo--<K>O-0-C>o-6<><><>o~Q 6
1 6 OQ
if MILLER & LUX, \l
$- WHOLESALE ■ £$
IS CATTLE ,- ||
\l DEALERS, .II
& SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO. i|
6 OFF/CE... (J) (S
? 508 CALIFORNIA STREET. tl
6<KKH><>O<KHH>O-O<KHKKKKKHK><) O
<KKKHX>OOO<X>O-000000 OOOOOO^
DESPERATE
STRUGGLE WITH
A LONE BOBBER
Tried to Chloroform
His Viictim.
,
CRIME OF AN EX-BELL BOY
ASSAULTS HARRY CHILDS
WHILE HE IS ASLEEP.
Invades His Room in the St. Nicholas
and Attempts to Murder Him.
Captured by the
Police.
Harry Childs, who conducts a news
stand In the St. Nicholas Hotel, yester
day Informed the police that a burglar
entered his room in the hotel shortly after
2 o'clock yesterday morning and grabbing
him by the throat placed a sponge satu
rated with chloroform to tots nostrils.. He
seized the intruder, who fought desper
ately to escape from the room. In the
struggle Childs severely bit one of his as
sailant's fingers.
As he ran from the room Childs fol
lowed him, lustily calling for help. In
the dim light which was burning in the
hallway he claims he caught a glimpse
of the burglar and immediately recog
nized him as a young man named Steve
Harding, who formerly worked as a bell
boy in the Palace Hotel.
Detectives Tom Gibson and Edward
Egan, after listening to his story, started
out to arrest Harding. They found him
at the Fashion stables on Ellis street,
conversing with one of the employes. He
was placed under arrest and taken to po
lice headquarters. In one of his pockets
was found a loaded revolver. He also
had a special policeman's star, which he
claimed was given him by a friend. When
questioned by the detectives Harding said
he was 20 years of age, and had worked
in various hotels as bellboy.
He admitted that he had a "scrap"
with Childs. but denied that he had in
tended to rob him.
"I have known Childs for some time,"
he remarked, "frequently occupying the
Bame room with him in the St. Nicholas.
Last Thursday night I shared his couch
with him, as I was without sufficient
money to rent a room. About 2 o'clock
yesterday morning I went to his room
and found the door unlocked. The light
was burning and I looked in. Childs was
in bed. apparently asleep. I walked away,
but returned in a few minutes, to find
that he had extinguished the light. Aa
I entered the room I walked over to the
bed. when Cnilds caught me around the
neck and started to strangle me: I drew
back, dragging him out of bed. I vainly
struggled to release his hold on my neck,
but as I was growing weak I struck him
with my clinched fist. The blow caused
him to cry with pain, and as he fell to
the floor I ran from the door, as I did
not want to be arrested."
Harding denied that he intend ort to mb
Childs. He declared that the latter was
his friend and was surprised to learn that
he should accuse him of such a serious
crime.
Childs has a diamond ring valued at
tIOOO and several other diamonds, which
the police thinK excited the cupidity at
Harding and he determined to get them,
even at the risk of committing murder.
AVhen he retired on the night of the at
tempted robbery Childs had over $800,
which he placed under the pillow after
divesting himself of his clothes. Harding
know that he had the money on him.
and expected to get away with it, as well
as the diamonds. Last night the de
tectives visited the room occupied by
Harding at 340 Geary street and found
a half-emptied bottle of chloroform.
He was charged with burglary, assault
to rob and carrying concealed weapons.
WAS SWORN IN.
Judge La-wlor Took the Oath of Office
and Will Be Seated To-Morrow.
Judge W. P. Lawlor, who has been ap
pointed by Governor Budd as Superior
Judge to fill the vacancy caused by the
death of Judge Rhodes Borden, took the
oath of office in Sacramento yesterday be
fore Secretary of State Brown. He also
took the oath before Notary Public A. W.
Duisenberg of this city and riled it with
th" County Clerk.
Judge Lawlor then presented his cre
dentials to Judge Belcher, who said that
on Monday morning he would order the
appointment spread on the minutes of De
partment 2 and formally assign Judge
Lawlor to that department.
THE EMPORIUM.
. Wo transaction is completed in this stare until the customer is satisfied.
LARGEST WHE tWPvi^|i|l^§ SEE THE
]° ydep ' t |||||| g W ©ogrfeßTi^Ste «aaca^i_Vgj^__^. SUPERB
AMERICA. --j=J^?~ WINDOWS.
Six days more in which to complete your preparations for
the Merriest Festival of the year. We have done all that can
be done to make your shopping easy, expeditious and pleasant
during that busy time. More than 1200 helpers— increased
delivery service— open every evening. Here are a few re-
minders. Have you forgotten any of these We can supply
the articles at money-saving prices :
Carvers China-ware Table Candles Choice Wines
Turkey Roasters Glassware Plum Puddings Fine Cigars
Table Cutlery Flowers Cranberries Fine Candies
Chafing Dish English Holly Fancy Cheese Table Decorations
Table Linens Garlands Xmas Cards
Christmas Tree Decorations— Presents of all Kinds.
Smoking /*%
Jackets ijj
Reduced.- -S .JjL
As quickly as small lots and JM\. J^V^^'Wi'^iSK
odd garments appear we cut the '^l^^sfrljW_^C« l *{f i'jWl
prices to insure a quick selling — /A<i(iCtjK!&, < bs.h»Pv \ '
not every size in each lot, but p^\ f /if? • L* -t*&\ ■']
every size in all the lots. Read : j?^ -7 ■'••'■'; | * '■'•! ■■EjSftv ' \
$25 Matlasse Jack- c^\^W^iW^i
ets, superb trim- \>^ ;; m, \ ■\setr^s?'J
ming, cut to.. $15 \ ; \^Xr^Sfy
$2O Matlasse Jack- A l . l^Jr
ets, finely made, 'I #l/lfeKii \1 1 ;
cut to $12.50 \f .wVCji: I
$18 MatJasso Jack- l /'// \C-\V?EJ' -
ets, handsome, ill \h\\\vr
cut to $1O r«|i A\WA\\)
One line of light - colored ■ '- I) v '
Cheviot Smoking Jackets, bound
nicely, trimmed with frogs in medium and large sizes, *- _.^
cut from $6 to •• •••— -■ $O*DV
|^i| SPECIAL PRICES
jTzL C f FOR BOYS'
f f^^mf ' HOLIDAY
(tt&twb sulTS '
vJSLfIf l[_ Vi One whole table of pretty Suits
sJMm qjfeate w ' tn large sailor collars, with pret-
%jllf mi * / v-^3 - tily trimmed vests, in a variety of
ff over sixteen different colors and
/ combinations — all new — made
A ', for this season's trade — suit
/ V ■ all wool — sizes for boys 3to 8
I V . years— regular $4 and $5 values,
£=* |353 cut to
. j ( $3.45.
w_. V— j V- : Handsome line of new and ex-
?^j \«=, ) vt*\ tremejy pretty Novelty Suits in
£^ i^s-w~'^ Reef . and Suits for boys . now
Or ready. •■ Prices $5, $6 and $7.50.
" % ! of FINE FURS.
What nicer present or —^^^^
what will a woman appre-
ciate more than a pretty : I &j^&lzJsJ
fur garment. Every fash- HjSs^-*^!*?^
ionable fur, properly and *&£'s S^W" " . ' j- '
stylishly made up, can be 4sm *" j&S ' ■' '
found in our handsome, fur
section on second floor. -M^wll.
Novelty
Fur Collarettes
Electric Seal with two "^^ifM^&A^^^^-
heads and 4 tails in front pity ' ' ' vv] l^>^» '
Astrakhan and Electric \f\ y^' I *^?/^^
Seal 46.50 \jjK /nj
Electric Seal, with gray /A/^-. J%/\
• or brown M0uf10n..57.50 k/^\^^^ \
Canadian Marten or Gana- / >^* \
dian Fitch $10.00 Electric Seal and Black Marten.
Electric Seal and French w $32 50
Chinchilla $12.50 ■
Baltic Seal and Astrakhan Collarette, 8 . heads and 16 tails
around yoke •• $15.00
■ Genuine Alaska Black Marten $J7.50
Gray Krimmer star yoke and fine Electric Seal, 2 heads and 4
tails in front - $20.00
Blue or Brown Monflon, combined with fine Electric Seal tabs
and tails ....;................ $25.00
. %
Novelty Fur Capes,
Electric Seal Star Astrakhan yoke, 2 heads and ■*,*■. nn
4 tails in front— l4-inch, $12.50 ; 16-inch $ J4.00
Extra choice Electric Seal and Star Astrakhan $.-}_-_ pin
yoke, with 8 tails around yoke— l4-inch, $18 ; 17-inch.. $-10.00
Canadian Marten Gapes, 2 heads and 4 tails in *.*»«» _._
front— l6-inch ••-... - v|>ZZ.dU
Persian Lamb, star yoke, Electric Seal border, 8 &>'jc c\r\
tails around yoke— l6-inch >P->5.00
Choice Astrakhan, star yoke, with California *-»_» _- nrv
Black Marten border 4>Z5.00
Fine Fur Neckwear.
Canadian Marten Curved Boa, head and 5 tails *-» _,-.
'. ;.....;.... 4>_*>so
Canadian Marten Horseshoe Boa, 2 heads and 8 *■- __.
tai15........ ;:•• ; •• • •— • $4.50
Straight Fur Boas, our own make, from whole skins, * - __
heads, claws and tails— sl, $1.25, $1.50, $2 and......... vJ>Z.SO
Brook Mink Horseshoe Boa, with cluster of 6 large *_ nn
full tails... ....:....: $5.00
Extra Choico Canadian Golden Marten Horse- <AAA
shoe Boa, cluster of 8 full tails, $7.50 and JO 00
Alaska Mink Horseshoe Boas, Cluster 8 blended *1 _ _ _
sable tails— sl2.so and........... $15.00
Children's Fur Sets
Lynx Hare....... 75c White Arctic Hare $1.00
French Ermine... sl-50 and $3 White Lamb $1.50
White Angora $2, $3, $3.50, $5.50 and $6
THE MONDAY AND , TUESDAY
GROCERY SPECIALS.
Mew Mixed Nuts— quality, regularly 14c -
lb, Monday and Tuesday 2 lbs. OC :
Raisins— New London Layer, regularly 12»^c lb, Mon-
day and Tue5day..................:. \\jC
Plum Pudding— Rome made, very fine, 1-lb pkg '. _._
regularly 40c, for 2 day5.. ........... u.:... ........................ OOC
Mince : Meat— made, glass '* jars, regularly ._
65c, while supply lasts ...................;:...... 45c
Royal Baking Powder— 1-lb tins, for 2 days __ .
only at-...—- •••.•••"•••.• ...........:!.......'........ ............ OzC
California Grape Brandy— ?S^^ • , ;;,•--
; Regularly per gallon $2.75, 2 day 5."..'..... $2.00
, Regularly per quart bottle 85c, 2 days ..........60c
Harper Rye Whiskey— "Spring 90," regu- tfo _ _
larly per gallon $4.50, for 2 day 5............................. $0-45
- Port Wine— old, "regularly $1.50 gallon, ' 'J 4 ) _.
Monday and Tue5day......... .;.:..........:....■. :«..::.v..:...\$ 1.00
■ Bourbon Whiskey— H. Cutter A No. 1, reg- __
ularly $1.00 bottle, Monday and Tuesday....... 75c
| THE EMPOErr/M.
Special Jacket Sale*
To-Morrow
(Monday) Only.
All Day.
Beginning at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning and
until our closing time to-morrow night we offer
without reserve the choice of our entire slock
of new and fashionable Jackets (this
season's) at about half price.
All $7.50 and , -.'^N
$8.50 Jackets on &£* g\f\ */^^ vu^4
Monday 3>3.UU i||itp
All $10 Jackets CA K a Js§3lP>
or «Iju.jU \Gsfr * >.?
• All $12.50 Jack- fry mr\ \i«/
ets for &i»3\9 _^>M^w_
All $15 and <hfv Ef| / Lf[ \ \
$16.50 Jackets for. M>^3v / JVI j 0A \
All $18 Jackets CigA i\t\l*d?T °l h \
for < f>|L|J^).
fo AU$2O Jackets $12.50 f^JM
for... $1^.50 -M^ I Y&
ets A^ : 50 . Jadt : $15.00 hf¥¥
All 525 and 4^g^ f\s\
$27.50 Jackets f or *4> I / .i){)
Oxing to the extremely low, special prices, alterations will
be charged extra.
— — £
MILLINERY DEP'T.
■ ■ ■ . • .■ *
Great Reduction Sale con- x**"**-*.
tinues — many bargains still £i*y^\ -^
here — New Millinery at hitherto 'sit^irmi* < U '^&7S
unheard of low ! prices — new • A/vJ^^tAVfTTx 'ki
shapes, - new ■ trimmings, new • \ , "Ij/iiji
wings, and new, Fedoras. • '^^^m^\\\VJhA^J%
. Children's Trimmed Hats, fine 'j^ffl^M&to&ZiM '
French felt, elegantly trimmed
in ribbon wings, quills, fancy w&wZ&dGSsffi^JftsA.
girdles-cheap at $3- - _ / JW^^&¥
sale price..... 4>*«7->^^^^^*>J>»| V sf^^
Ladies' Trimmed Hats, were -^i **/**( ~\Wj "
$8.50 $5.00 "/., ' ''t^
Ladies' "Trimmed r Hats, were ■ yr - />"^\s !
$10 $6.00
Ladies'- Trimmed Hats, were • (^§C^^-^ "
Ladies' trimmed Hats, were $20:........ • $12.0°
Wings that were 50c to 85c, now 9C9 C
Owl Quills that were 35c, now .....20 c \
Quill Pon Pon3 that were 50c, now ........25c
—
CHRISTMAS APRONS.
*jS^)i. Three bargains in Christmas
wjiQ£j Aprons. Quantities are large, but will
Sj ♦ 'p soon be sold out at these prices :
XLA - Bargain No* — Ladies' Lawn
X?)W^t Aprons, trimmed with wide in- _
/%QA 1-^.?' sert ion of embroidery .ZjC
/ jt?i\ VJ Bargain No* Ladies' Lawn
/ r^-Ptl 1 1 Aprons, made of all-over em- _
xJ9s.ru! IJ broidery : very pretty. OjC .
4, JhttiimJ \ Bargain No. 3 — Ladies'
{/ \Jy4m a dainty Lawn Aprons, made of __
f///,[\.\\ WoN fine all-over embroidery ~, OUC
'/fill '1 Vav Fine Lawn Tea 110113 ' lace __
llljj\ M and ribbon trimmed — 75c and... OUC
,/Jf'll • . Iv Tea Aprons, finest qualities *- __
'Iff ft *~— •-.•■••"«-•'•''? and trimmings, 75c to vj)O.5U
i fr*mo*A CHILDREN'S
//WS?????H DEPARTMENT'
I /^^■^'•v^xS^w Babies' Mitts, all wool— and...35c
/ / <?**Xi**ji******'~s. Babies Mitt all silk— soc, 75c
v/ \ and $1.00
Children's Coats and Capes, $2.25
*^Ss>; \ tO $n.oo
Babies' Shoes and Ankle Ties, all c010r5. ...« 50c
Ladies' Fine Lace — $1.50 and $2.50
\ Ladies' Fine Lace Skirts— and „ $3.50
Second floor, near elevator.
Chinese and Japanese Bazaar
(Main floor, east side, rear.)
No other Department Store in America has a bazaar similar
to this, which visitors pronounce the largest and finest in San
Francisco. For that reason, when buying gifts, and for, your
v . a. Eastern ". friends es- '■ .
/?^V j^^\ pecially, you should
,&*■-, jF¥*l no ' overlook this '
/' h)»& '^S. J^\ aJL?& X .'■ un iq De collection of '
4@y \t Oriental Goods. '
'.<?. ■!*% / A XVSkTx Residents of Eastern , \
\f*%s' y^-^^V \J^A cities cannot obtain I
-\7 Sm^' *^' 3 c^ asa °^ goods ,
j? &_\t '/ \l\. except at very high .
\p Jlf*s>^^s^ vJ) x. prices, and appre- <
S ' $^y?>>sSjl ' c ' ate em accord- '
yffi'SM ** w^b'- Here are a '
; *^^y^ HOLIDAY GIFTS for '
i K^y HOLIDAY GIFTS for |
,:• friends at home and '
abroad from this most interesting department of the Big. Store :
Ancient and Modern Oriental Chinaware— Tea sets and Din- /<
ncr sets, Cups and Saucers, Vases, Umbrella Stands, Jardinieres/-/ <
etc. »
Carvings in Ivory and Sandelwood. ; s '
. Bamboo, Ebony and Lacquered Furniture. £ ,-|
Bronze Gongs and Bells. '
. Beautiful Cloissonne Ware. " ,
Oriental . Silk c Embroidered Gowns, Jackets, Table CoVers, »
Bed Spreads, Handkerchiefs, Shawls, Fans, etc., etc. - . i*? i
37
THE EMPORIUM.38
SUNDAY DECEMBER 18, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per montrj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
•TEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Buiidini
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifefcs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hcyes street. OD'Jn until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
I£4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- £291 Market
•treet, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- !06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9.30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
, :.. US :..mcNT*
Columbia— "A Parlor Match."
'O'Brien, the Contractor."
Uabaa*."
TlvolV— "The Mascot."
(/■—•'Temptation of Money."
am— Vaudeville.
;:li before the War."
Tb« ■ iiutes — Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Kddy streets, Specialties.
Injfleslde Courstne l'nrk — Coursing To-Uay.
Glon I'ark- Mission Zoo.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Charity Bazaar.
InfrlPsHe Race Track— Races To-morrow.
Rn«enthal Coming in Iler^niher.
AN INSTANCE OF DEGENERACY.
ABOUT the man Dunning, who appears as a
witness with intent to place a rope about the
neck of Mrs. Botkin, there hovers a shadow of
odium through which he may be discerned, a pitiful
and repellent embodiment of moral degeneracy.
That he should be here asa witness is not in itself
reprehensible, for the duty of throwing every possible
light upon the tragedy is one from which he could not
well escape. But, if governed by normal, impulses,
there must be ever before him a series of pictures in
which the prisoner and himself are central figures,
portrayed as rioting in an environment of shame.
If the woman is guilty, she is not alone in her
guilt. If she planned and carried out a diabolical
murder, she drew inspiration from the companion
ship of one who was in honor bound to be the com
panion and support of another. Dunning may swear
to belief in her guilt; he cannot swear to an easy
conscience assuring him of his own innocence. When
the two camt to the parting of the ways the evil had
been done, and the germ of crime had showed pri
mary signs of growth. It was nurtured by affection
ate letters from him. He manifested no inclination to
break away from an evil association formed here, al
though thousands of miles lay between him and the
wretched woman whose love he had won.
All the unhappy episodes which make up the som
ber story may be traced to the racetrack, that potent
promoter of crime. Its fascinations first led Dunning
to be recreant in his trust as an employe, and broke
up a home where had been affection and content.
Left without domestic restraints, he easily formed an
alliance with this shallow Botkin creature, and to
gether they sought the races. In their relations all
sense of propriety was cast aside, ar.d their gross of
fending was open to the eyes of the little under world
in which they moved. It seems that even when separ
ated they would not give each other up. While writ
ing to his wife, he was also writing to his mistress.
In the heart of the latter, according to present under
standing, devotion to the man became colored by
hatred lor the wife of the man. She tried to bring
about divorce, and, failing, projected murder into the
situation — a murder foul and recklessly planned for
the probable slaying of many innocent.
Doubtless Dunning was shocked, but he gave no
indication. Perhaps he realized that, if guilt there
was, part of it belonged to him, yet he does not act
at one burdened of soul. Were he an ordinary man
he would be so cast down that he would give his tes
timony knowing it to be not more an accusation than
a confession.
PRIMARY ELECTION LAWS.
A MORNING contemporary, speaking of the ef
fort that is now being made to frame a pri
mary election law which will be constitutional,
remarks that "it is always an easy matter in framing
a bill of this sort to insert provisions which, on the
surface, appear of good intention — provisions that
when the law comes to the test may defeat its whole
purpose either by running counter to the organic law
or by providing a masked loophole for its evasion."
The idea, as this commentator puts it, is that the
framers- of primary legislation fail to score either
through design or ignorance, or inability to under
stand the mind of the Supreme Court.
This is exactly the situation, expressed in ex
tremely courteous language. The fact, more roughly
stated, is that the framers of primary election laws are
mostly politicians who do not understand the subject
at all. Instead oi making a thorough examination of
the statutes, the decisions of the courts and similar
la^vs in other States, they sit down and draw up bills
which they think will best conserve their own inter
est?. They insert in these measures everything that
occurs to them without reference to system or legal
theory. After the bill is passed and somebody con
tests its constitutionality, they appear to be astonished
because the Supreme Court holds it to be unconstitu
tional.
This was exactly what happened with the primary
law enacted by the Legislature in 1897. That meas
ure was declared unconstitutional upon grounds which
any law student could easily have evaded had he
given the subject a day's study.
What the committee now having in charge the con-
coction of a primary law should do is to put all its
work together and then employ a competent lawyer
for a reasonable fee to thoroughly examine and an
notate it. This lawyer should not be a practical poli
tician, but a man who stands high in his profession
and whose name and character will be guarantees that
he will conscientiously discharge the duty of inform
ing the committee what the law actually is.
This process might cost something, but it would
produce a bill which would probably stand the test of
the Supreme Court; or it would demonstrate that no
practicable statute can be framed under the constitu
tion — which is a point worth ascertaining.
No session of the Board of Education will ever be
complete without the appointment of a referee.
SETTLE THE CURRENCY NOW.
IN the. present confusion of glad sounds and the
touch of high spirit and feeling, there grows a
negative sentiment as to the need of completing
immediately the financial and currency reforms which
the country expects and to which the party in power
i* pledged. Men who have not in memory our recent
financial experiences, through having been outside
their influences, and politicians who are buoyant in
anticipation of great things to come out of our con
quests abroad, are saying that there is no need to do
anything with our finances. Meantime public' atten
tion and curiosity are directed to the regulation of
distant islands, and men are keeping tally of the new
offices created; the officers of the army are asking
Congress for 50,000 soldiers to keep order in Cuba,
while stability i> crystallizing there, and for an equal
number in the Philippines to domesticate civil free
dom among the Malays and mongrels. While our
Civil War was in progress wise men foresaw what
was to come through the emergency measures which
had financed the nation's struggle for life. The legal
tender had been degraded. The Government's prom
ise to pay had been imposed as a legal tender between
individuals. The operation of natural law had driven
specie out of the country. But the majority of our
people, occupied with the enthusiasms, the speculations
and the politics of the war, had no time to consider the
coming day of atonement for violated financial prin
ciples. That day came, however, and its conse
quences, its compromises, its makeshifts, its misfits
and complexities are with us yet. To their elimina
tion the attention of Congress is directed, by the re
pented pledges of the party, which the Fifty-sixth
Congress will represent by a majority in both
branches.
The immediate issues of our Spanish war will soon
pass. They will leave us with far higher taxes than
before, with the military spirit dominant in the Gov
ernment, with a great army and navy to support, and
ten dollars to spend "out of the treasury in governing
our conquests to one dollar that they will return to it
in revenue. W r hen those days come we will again
know by experiment the need of a sounder and safer
financial system. Borrowing money and spending it
is always easier than paying the debt at maturity.
Payday approaches. Why not fortify the country
now against the appeal that it will bring for further
financial debasement and discredit ? If the Fifty
sixth Congress do not give us the pledged reforms the
Fifty-seventh will not. If this be not done in a special
currency session, held in 1899, it will not be done in
the regular session of 1900.
The administration was stronger in 1898 than it will
be again. Faith in the intention of the Republican
party to redeem its pledges of 1896 and 1898 was
stranger in this year's campaign than it will be again.
The need of the redemption of those pledges will be
continually greater in the future than in the past.
Financial faults and disorders never correct them
selves. They never grow less. They never stand
still. They propagate like microbes in a culture pan.
The greater our commerce, the higher our taxes; the
more expansive our governmental responsibilities, the
greater the need of sound finance.
Napoleon found this out. He took France in the
midst of the wild financial theories of Robespierre and
Marat, who believed that a statute of the Assembly
could dethrone God and make something out of
nothing. His genius knew the existence of natural
law in finance, and he struggled with his Ministers
ar.d agents to get France on a sound basis. That this
was only partially accomplished by a makeshift which
htsted from 180.3 to 1876 was probably due to the with
drawal of the Emperor's attention from civil to mili
tr.ry affairs, made necessary by the marching 'of
France in the same path of military glory that is just
now so alluring to the American people.
Let us be warned by so many examples. Let us re
member that sound finance is a nation's only sure
foundation in peace or war; that it is always neces
sary, and that when it is not provided the people are
always paying the penalty.
This view is taken by the press of the Middle West.
The leading public men in those States, which have
been held in the Republican ranks only by the party's
sound money pledge, agree that there must be an
extra session of Congress for financial legislation,
and we are well assured that indifference to this now
will bring consequences of the most unpleasant na
ture.
STAMP TOX AMENDMENTS.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that a number of internal revenue officials have
suggested to Congressman Dingley the ad
visability of amending the stamp taxes in the war rev
enue bill so as to eradicate certain defects which ex
perience has shown to exist in the law. Whether Con
gress %v ill amend the tax during the short session is
doubtful, but it is fairly certain an effort will be made
in that direction, for the law as it stands is in some
respects unjust and in many particulars uncertain
and confusing.
Among the amendments proposed for the purpose
of making the law clearer are two of indisputable
merit. Cfne of these propos.es to amend the para
graph imposing I cent on telegraphic dispatches so
as to make it definite and certain who is to affix and
pay for the stamp— the telegraph company or the per
son who sends the dispatch. The other provides for
an equal definiteness of statement in the law as to
whether the shipper or the company shall pay for
the stamps required on freight and express receipts,
or bills of lading.
These two questions have caused a great deal of ir
ritation in the public mind by reason of the action of
the companies in shifting the burden of taxation upon
the public, a considerable litigation has resulted, and
possibly it may be long before the courts decide the
issue. It is not easy to sec how the language of the
law in this respect can be made much clearer than it
is, but since the corporations have been able to raise
a question on the subject, it would be just ar> well for
Congress to put an end to the controversy by amend
ing the law so as to declare in set terms that the cor
porations and not the already heavily taxed public
Shall be made to pay these taxes.
Other suggested amendments propose to remove
the stanip tax on mortgages on the ground that as
there is a tax on promissory notes, the mortgage tax
is double taxation and falls on the debtor class; to
strikeout the provision taxing brokers' notes or
memorandum of sale of goods or property of any
kind, the argument being that if brokers pay the
special tax required that should be sufficient; a re
peal of the tax on "certificates of any description re
quired by law," because o( the difficulty of determin
ing what certificates are taxable; and an amendment
of the paragraph relating to the tax on parlor and
sleeping car tickets so as to provide a penalty for
failure to affix the stamps, as it seems that under the
law as it stands no penalty is provided by reason of
the fact that the tax* is not imposed under schedule A,
where it properly belongs.
At the time of its enactment the tax was supposed
to be simply a temporary measure for raising a war
revenue. It now seems likely to remain on the statute
books for some years to come. It is therefore impor
tant that the defects naturally resulting from hasty
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
legislation should be eradicated as soon as possible,
and there would be a good deal of gratification if.
Congress would .undertake the work of amendment
at the present session.
JUDGE AIfIGUIRE'S PLAINT.
JUDGE MAGUIRE'S letter to Father Yorke
confirms what has often been said concerning
Democratic politicians, namely, that with sin
gular fatuity they seek for the pause of their defeat
in fields and regions where the sane and well bal
anced never think of looking. Judge Maguire be
lieves, according to his letter, that Father Yorke de
feated him, that gentleman having influenced, he
says, 10,000 thoughtless and unreasoning Democrats
to vote against him on election day. He figures that
it required io.ooo votes to defeat him, and he places
the reverend father's following at just that number.
For the purpose of reaching this conclusion, Judge
Maguire ignores all the facts of the late election and
every scrap of phenomena by which its results may be
explained. He thinks that no one voted against him
on account of his free silver tendencies, rior because
he is a single taxer, nor because his political advance
ment is a menace to property, nor because he was the
nominee of a convention which had been packed by a
San Francisco ring of bosses, nor because he is a
sham reformer and office-seeker. On the contrary,
every man of the 10,000 required to defeat him was
influenced by Father Yorke.
The weakness, if not imbecility, of these premises
becomes apparent the moment an attempt is made to
analyze them. Father Yorke opposed Mayor Phelan
as well as Judge Maguire and Dr. Clinton. Yet Mr.
Phelan carried San Francisco by as many votes as
Maguire lost it. Where were the 10,000 thoughtless
Democrats when the Mayor's name appeared upon
the ballot? Father Yorke's attack upon Maguire was
mild compared with that upon Phelan. In fact, as we
all know, he singled the latter out as an especial mark
for his shafts.
Reduced to its constituent particles, Judge Ma
guire's letter is the familiar yawp of the defeated poli
tician — the gasp of a "reformer" who can conceive no
motive for the opposition except a corrupt and un
worthy one, and no possible cause for disaster except
"fraud." No office-seeker of the Maguire type was
ever defeated by anything except "fraud." It is im
possible to imagine a people who would deliberately
shake Judge Maguire clear of the public udder. He
believes there was a frantic determination on the part
of the masses to give him another office, but that they
were defrauded by the timely but corrupt interference
of Father Yorke — a politician possessing a priest's in
fluence.
Crediting Judge Maguire with the common attri
bute of sincerity, this is all quite singular. It may be
that Father Yorke influenced a few people to vote
against the Democratic ticket, but it is out of all rea
son to assume that the number was 10,000. If that
number followed him. how is Phelan's triumph to be
explained? The truth is, Judge Maguire was de
feated because the people are tired of him; because
they are weary of Iris incessant hunger for an office;
because they have concluded that he is a sham re
former and a destroyer rather than a constructor of
public measures; because he is a single-taxer, a
faddist, a socialist, a disturber and a Democrat. Ma
guire could not have been elected had Yorke and all
his friends been active in his fight.
A VIGOROUS movement has been started in
New York to obtain from the Legislature
.some means of compelling the telephone
monopoly to abate its extortions in that State. The
agitation has become so considerable that the whole
East is affected by it, and the press of the neighboring
States is discussing the subject almost as earnestly as
that of New York itself.
For the purpose of showing the enormous profits
of the monopoly the New York Herald recently pub
lished an elaborate table giving in detail the balance
sheets of the company for the last eighteen years. By
this table it was shown that upon an investment of
but little more than $600,000 the Bell Telephone Com
pany has in eighteen years made a profit of more than
$43,000,000. The Philadelphia Ledger, in reviewing
the subject, reduces the detailed statement of the Her
ald to this summary:
Actual cash capital National Bell Tele
phone Company In 1879 . . « $110,000.00
Actual cash capital American Bell Tele
phone Company In ISBO 543,100.00
Present capital stock American Bell Tel
ephone Company, estimated, about 30,000,000.00
Price per share, last Quotations 280.00
Earnings of the Bell Company for eight
een years... 42,903,680.00
Average dividends Cabout) 18 per cent
Can pay dividends of 6 per cent on 90,000,000.00
Actual cost of a long distance telephone
in open market, lots of one dozen 7.50
Royalty exacted by Bell monopoly for
each instrument used in its exchanges,
per year 14.00
Cost of unlimited use of telephone to
business men in Detroit, where there is
competition * 36.00
Cost of unlimited use of telephone to
business men in New York, where there
is no competition 24^0.00
Expense account yearly of Bell Company
for protection 2,000,000.00
Contributions to two political committees
in New York, 1898 100,000.00
In this statement it will be noted that the expense
account includes $100,000 as "contributions to two po
litical committees in New York, 1898," and a further
item of $2,000,000 as yearly expenses for '"protec
tion." In the absence of any definite information as
to where and how the Herald obtained these figures,
the subject is one that invites legislative investigation,
and it is hardly likely the investigation will be con
fined to New York. If there is a monopoly in the
country paying out $2,000,000 anually for protection,
there are solons in more States than one who would
like to know where the money goes.
It is further to be noted that the monopoly that has
made such enormous profits upon its invested capital
is one of the corporations that has refused to pay the
taxes imposed upon it for war purposes and has
shifted them upon the public. Its avarice has degen
erated to a petty greed of the meanest kind, and it
has practiced petty larceny upon the pockets of its
patrons in every city in the Union. Under the cir
cumstances there will be a widespread interest in the
struggle in New York, and if the Legislature of that
State can devise some means of compelling the
monopoly to be honest with the public, the whole
country will re>oice and every State will profit by the
lesson.
The author known as "Old Sleuth" has passed
away, leaving half a million and the record of 135
books, none of which was worth reading and every
one of which made money for him. Literature is a
great calling.
In Rosser's store of good luck is the fact that he
had been discharged from the army. According to
military etiquette wanton slaying is an offense.
If Uncle Sam is to auction off the Philippines, per
haps he is ready to listen to a bid from Aguinaldo.
An anti-scalping bill is a good thing. Any railroad
official will say so freely.
TELEPHONE PROFITS.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
The editor of a Denver paper, a lady
of distinction, remarks with pride that
two women, Queen Victoria and the
Dowager Empress of China, rule over
about half the population of the world.
She might have added that the Queen
is an amiable person who has about as>
much to do with affairs of state as
with the phases of the moon, and that
the Chinese she-tiger would be but
moderately recompensed for her in
iquity if boiled in oil; but this would
have destroyed all the force and beauty
of the point.
• » •
No Chicago Aldermen were hanged on
the eventful night of last week when
ropes were ready for them, because
they had seen the ropes and taken
warning. Had the iniquitous bill
against which the people were fighting
been passed every official voting for it
would have deserved the promised fate.
It is time to quit trifling with the
thieves who get into public position
only to abuse it. Students of social
economy observe the spirit of discon
tent, the murmur of disapproval, and
prate 6f anarchy. They do not seem
to think for an instant of the long se
ries of robberies which the people have
patiently endured, of the mockery of
justice when the larcenists have be<>n
brought to bar; the possibility of pub
lic servants being less corrupt, as a
legitimate contribution to reform, does
not seem to occur to them. They only
moan that the citizens who pay the
taxes and see their money scattered by
a set of conscienceless rogues should
presume to demur in the only effective
way. The threat at Chicago was
enough, and happily so. It is far bet
ter that the rascals should have been
scared into decency than noosed into
it. I would not like to see the lamp
posts of San Francisco decorated with
the carcasses of members of the Board
of Education, and yet to be thus util
ized would serve some of the members
rightly. They have been false to jvery
trust, have sneered at justice, stripped
the schools of needed funds, leaving the
teachers to wait indefinitely for salary
and the children to shiver because there
is no coal to warm the buildings. Of
course, to hang them would be a tem
porary disgrace, but to tolerate them
and allow them to go unpunished would
be a permanent disgrace.
A gentleman writes from Santa Ma
ria for advice as to the disposal of a
pet coon. The letter has been referred
to me, as the coon editor is on a vaca
tion. If the animal is attractive enough
to fit the description, I do not see how
the owner can bear the thought of part
ing with it. Why not take out adop
tion papers and keep it in the family?
Besides, I cannot discover that there is
a market for coon on the hoof.
Whether Spain has got into a frame
of mind to be grateful for the loss of
the Philippines is a question, but the
Inevitable second thought will bring
this about. Spain had learned to lean
too much upon its colonies. Instead of
developing its great home resources it
had chosen to squeeze the colonist, to his
distressful undoing, and its own. Spain
is big enough to assume a greater im
portance now than before, stripped of
its islands. Whether a stronger nation
than Spain can take these same islands
and not have occasion to repent of the
bargain remains to be seen, and gives
rise to natural doubt, but for Spain it
is a certainty the islands were a clog.
Spain should brace up now, and grow.
It has an area of 196,000 square
miles, a population of 17,000,000, while
France, with 204,000 square miles, has
38,000,000 people. There will no longer
be excuse for sending soldiers from
Spain to die in the tropics. They can
stay at home an^ cultivate the fields,
for Uncle Sam seems to have soldiers to
burn under the "vertical sun" to which
The Call editorial columns contain oc
casional allusion. It is surely better to
thrive within a limited space than to
die all over the globe, as France Is try
ing to do and Spain was in danger of
doing.
• • •
"It is more correct to write the full
word Christmas, instead of the much
used Xmas." Thus remarks an ex
change concerning a crime heretofore
denounced in this column. However, a
conscientious man cannot indorse the
expression "more correct." If a thing
is correct it cannot be more so. Still,
as the expression conveys j the idea
meant to be conveyed, much may be
forgiven.
• • •
While tolerably free from a tendency
to toot a personal horn, I must confess
to a thrill of pride at reading some lines
written to me, the fact of dedication be
ing announced in large letters. Corre
spondents do often send pleasing mes
sages, but few of them fall into poetry.
Probably if they fell into the kind
which swells my estimate of myself
they would not know what had hap
pened to them anyway. The following
are the lines:
I look with pity on the man
Whom nature's given gall;
But, heavens! how I scorn the chump
Who thinks he knows it all.
* • •
Editor Gilder of the Century
thinks people should read great poems
instead of the newspapers. He does not
carry this belief to th 6 extreme of pub
lishing poems of the sort he professes to
admire. Indeed, some of the prose in
his magazine is a puzzle, the chance to
guess being as to what the stuff is for.
There comes this week a long letter
from a good woman. It rebukes gent
ly for certain views which have ap
peared here. I would not enter into
an argument on the subject with any
view to shaking the faith which is
evinced through every line of the mis
sive. In the first place, the attempt
would be futile, and in the second place
I would not assail the belief of any
conscientious person. To state my own
is merely to show there are two opin
ions, not that mine is the correct one.
This lady takes up the idea that the
defeat of Spain, the subjugation of the
Philippines, the destruction of the
fleets, was all directly the work of G-.d.
Perhaps it was, but it doesn't appear
to me so. There was much suffering
and death, and before this a series of
crimes stretching over the centuries.
With the human judgment given me, I
cannot see why a Supreme Being inter
ested in mundane affairs should not
have accomplished all the results in
some less dreadful way. It- must be
remembered there is ascribed to Him
a limitless power. It must be remem
bered also that the Spanish sdldipis
dying in the trenches or in the sea were
just as subject to pain as our own; that
life was to them as^sweet as to our
boys, and that on the hills of Castile
By HENRY JAMES.
there are to-day houses of mourning.
Nor is it a certainty that the results
are to be desirable. If we keep the is
lands, all of our tradition and theory of
government falls. If we let them go,
the swinish nations of the Old World
will fight for them. If, unrestrained,
the natives attempt to control them the
last state of those islands will be worse
than the first. Therefore if the work
is directly under divine control there
are many responsibilities from which
the brightest finite intelligences would
be glad to be relieved. As to the com
forting belief that the fall of each spar
row is noted from on high, I have no
word of dispute, only remarking that
the sparrow fallß just the same. "All
the injustice and brutality in the world
is undoubtedly the devil's work," adds
the correspondent. Perhaps so, but if
so that horned bugaboo is extremely
busy and has a greater pull than
(again this human judgment) ought
to be accorded. There are many
other points in the letter, but all tend
to one conclusion. I have the greatest
respect for the unknown writer, but
neither of us could convince the other,
because from the same set of circum
stances our deductions have diverse
trends. I am much obliged for her
kindly solicitude.
The statement is made that in New
York the supply of school teachers is
not enual to the demand. If the same
is true of School Directors, San Fran
cisco has some that it would be a pleas
ure to ship on the first hog train, and
all expense would be gladly prepaid.
It is not strange that the publisher
of the Chicago News and Record should
continually be In trouble with some of
his employes. His papers are more
profitable than a nair of gold mines,
but at thought of acceding to a prop
osition to pay a decent salary to any
of the men who help him make *hem
so, he would fall dea<\
Almost every newspaper man is asked
by the ambitious for counsel as to the
feasibility of undertaking the work.
The choice of a calling is a difficult
matter to advise about. Much as in
getting married, the questioner listens,
and then marries whom he pleases, pro
vided she is willing and the old folks
consent. To become a newspaper man
one usually begins as a reporter. The
work is hard, the hours long, but as
compared with other work the pay is
good. But there are limitations well
defined and passed by few. The report
er has little time for domestic or social
life. He is exposed to many tempta
tions, and his proneness to waste his
salary is proverbial. In a few years he
is apt to get into a rut, and having done
so, only gets out by dying. There is an
army of men who have devoted years
to newspaper work, and who wonder, as
the first gray hairs appear, why they
ever began. It seems to them that had
they been farmers or architects, doc
tors, lawyers, preachers or carpenters
they would have had more to show for
their efforts. But in ail probability th,e
other fellows entertain similar feelings
as to their own vocations.
Opposition to Christian Science Is
growing in England as the science be
comes more fatal. If the devotees of it
were to confine their ministrations to
those of their own faith there would be
no particular harm done, but of late
their tendency has been to try the pol
icy of prayerful neglect upon people to
whom life is sweet and whose mental
faculties have not been warped. When
a man acquires the smallpox he needs a
doctor, and with the microbes of fever
in his circulatory system he must have
medicine or die. This thing of curing
disease by a trustful attitude and an
invocation is unduly swelling the mort
uary list.
• • •
Fifty-eight people who have reached
the age of 80 or above have lately been
telling: how. they happened to do it. The
outcome is as usual. Each of them has
some fad of diet, or abstention, or sleep,
some ascribing longevity to an abund
ance of slumber and some to a moder
ate amount. The primary cause of long
life is, of course, a good constitution.
Beyond this it is impossible to explain,
for the result ts reached apparently by
opposite courses. Life Is In every phase
a mystery. It is not to be explained why
people are old more than it is why of
two babes in a cradle one is seized of a
fatal malady while the other, escaping,
becomes a grandparent. These things
happen, and at this point for the pres
ent there is an end of knowledge.
That the city cemeteries should be
closed may now be regarded as a cer
tainty. Bierce says they shouldn't.
Somebody asks what sense there is in
the solemn declaration at the wedding
ceremony that the happy couple have
been made "man and wife." I cannot
discern a trace. The same legal pro
cess which converts one into a wife cer
tainly makes of the other a husband,
and if he lacked the qualities of man
hood when he faced the official referee,
he still lacked them after the decision
had been handed down, the fine paid,
and the minister had kissed the bride.
The ridiculous side of the matter would
be made clear if some jolly tier of nup
tial knots were to pronounce the couple
"man and woman." However, the term
"man and wife" certainly demonstrates
there is a husband in the case, but it
seems a slight to the woman. She is
the important and by all odds the more
interesting figure in the combination.
Apparently recent remarks concern
ing Sunday laws have failed to con
vince certain of the ministers here
abouts. Therefore I shall take early
opportunity of extending them, for the
radical Sabbatarian is in need of regen
eration. He needs the touch of an In
ward charity, anl would Improve by
mental expansion. But he is an antl
expanslonist.
• •
When Indiscretion has led a young
couple into the shadow of disrepute,
and they have made such reparation as
lies in legal marriage, I think this
should shield them from comment, and
am ready to quarrel with the enterpris
ing nose for news which projects itself
into their affairs and causes the publi
cation of details.
As to the acquittal of Rosse'r, this pa
per has given editorial expression, to
which I have no inclination to take ex
ception. There was no feeling that the
young man deserved the gallows, for
there was no premeditation in his act,
but there was a feeling that he should
be punished. Ho..w/er, the trial was
turned Into a travesty and the verdict
was a shocking and cruel farce alike a
disgrace to the jury, the prosecution,
the defense, the great State of Califor
nia and a reproach to the court. But the
subject brings up a question heretofore
cursorily mentioned as to the province
of an attorney. Every man accused of
crime has a right to a fair hearing, al
though "the presumption of innocence
is almost necessarily a fraud. The very
fact of arrest on mere suspicion impairs
this presumption, and when the crimin
al act has been observed, utterly de
stroys it, leaving nothing to be decided
but the degree of guilt. That Rosser
killed Hilderbrand, and that the deed
was reprehensible, there was no doubt.
There is nothing in the statute nor in
common sense which could make It a
matter to be passed over. Yet it haa
gone without rebuke, «>"<* Rosser is free
to take another drink and choose a new
victim. I believe that a lawyer who de
liberately devotes his talents to the
balking of justice, secures by the trick
of tears and the device of oratory, or
other equipment of his calling the de
feat of the law, is not a good citizen,
and that he could with as little blame
have passed to the prisoner a file
wherewith to saw to liberty. I believe
a lawyer who wouM eteal the skull of a
murdered child for the purpose of con
cealing evidence should forever be dis
barred. The fraternity has sunk to a
low estate when it dams the current of
tl\e law with technicality or bridges it
with a structure of deceit so that a
criminal may cross to unmerited safety.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
•%>'
M. H. Foley of St. Paul is at the Palace.
James Simpson of Eureka is at the Lick.
R. Fatham of London is at the Occi
dental.
J. D. Blddle of Hanford is a guest at the
Grand.
F. E. Curtis of Louisiana is at the
Grand.
James F. Lord of Chicago Is at the
Palace.
William J. Baxter, U. S. N., Is at the Oc
cidental.
C. Ruster of New York Is a guest at tho
California.
Lee Chun of Honolulu is registered at
the Grand.
J. H. Brown of Denver Is a guest at the
Occidental.
J. M. Wills of St. Louis Is staying at
the Palace.
John J. Seymour of Fresno is a guest
at the Lick.
Charles Clark of Portland is staying at
the Occidental.
Attorney F. M. Chittenden of Fresno Is
staying at the Grand.
L. W. Fulkerth. District Attorney of
Modesto, is at the Grand.
Judge Andrew Hamilton of Albany, N.
V., fs registered at the Palace.
John C. Brown and D. E. Spenser of
Stanford are at the California.
Charles T. Henshall of New York is
among the gnests at the Palace.
"W. Heathcote of Petaleabrough, On
tario, is staying at the California.
A. J. Hull of Napa and W. H. Hutton
and W. A. Downer of Modesto are at the
Lick.
C. B. Nicolson, E. R. Cowles and
Charles J. Quinn of New York are at the
Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
NEW YORK, Dec. 17.— Miss i^lora Grace
Dean of San Francisco is at the Nether
land: Edgar Wallace of Yreka is at tha
Hoffman; A. W. Ransom, M. J. I*. C»n
nell, N. F. Thomas ana wife, of dan
Francisco, are at the Imperial; Orestes
Pierce and wife of Oakland are at the
Manhattan; B. F. Brooks of Riverside and
F. M. Bradshaw of Los Angeles are at
the Marlborough.
HELP THE SOLDIERS.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: Having read In
Thursday's Call the letter of Nurse
Shaefer describing the awful condition of
our boys In Manila, It* has given me
a shock that should rebound from one end
of this nation to the other, and I want to
ask through the columns of your paper,
Can nothing be done to relieve them, an
is there no way of insuring them, sick
and dying as they are, nourishment
enough to resist the ravages of those
awful diseases? Must the mothers of this
nation sit still and know, as hundreds of
letters testify, how their boys are treated
and not be able to lift a helping hand?
In humanity's name this nation called for
volunteers, and in humanity's name our
boys responded and nobly they did their
duty, and now must lack of nourishment
and death be their recompense! Cannot
some one pause In the mad rush of
life to send succor to those sick boys, and
those who by disease have become sad
wrecks of their former selves? Since be
ing a subscriber to The Can I have noticed
that your paper was always foremost In
any emergency that needed prompt ac
tion. Now, in the name of all that is
good and humane, can you not find soms
way of relieving our boys? It has been
known for three months Chat their condi
tion was awful, and yet TBe latest newt
brings a sadder state oT affairs. Ships
go out almost weekly. Could there not b«
pent plenty of condensed food, such as
beef extract, malt milk, and so on. to
nourish the boys In the hospitals, and
some one to see that they received it? In
sending a Christmas box to my son in Ma
nila, instead of sending him goodies, I sent
him beef extract ana a small medicine
chest, which no doubt will be needed by
him and his comrades; but, of course, that
Is only a drop in the bucket. Hoping you
may arouse some action in this matter,
I remain yours respectfully,
MRS E. MADDOCK,
Box 56, Santa Crus.
• '
Postage on the Holiday Edition of
The Call will be. Domestic, 3 cents;
Foreign, 6 cents.
Beady for a Repetition.
The rush for German steins was so
great last year that it seemed almost
impossible to meet the demand. This
year Nathan, Dohrmann & Co. have al
most doubled the quantity they import
ed for last year's holiday trade, and
holiday buyers will this year find no
difficulty in finding something that will
appease the longing of those who drink,
or who would appreciate one of these
beer mugs as a bit of decoration. Prices
on them are from 60 cents up.
Closed Sundays, Townsend's, Palace. •
Look out for 81 4th (nr. grocery), best eye
glasses, specs, 10c to 40c. Note No. 81. •
Celluloid albums, collar and cuff boxes,
handkerchief and glove boxes, shaving
sets and toilet cases make especially good
Chrietmas presents. Sanborn, Vail & Co. •
"Yes," said Adam to his grandson, "I
know I brought on all this trouble by
eating an apple, but what would you do
now. If a woman dared you?"— Cincinnati
Enquirer.
The best Xmas present: Townsend's Cal
ifornia Glace Fruits, 50c, in tire etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market at
Palace Hotel building. • '
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Moat*
ffomery street. Telephone Main I<HX *
Thousands of packages in Vi, 1, 2, Z, 6
and 10 pounds of Townsend's California
glace fruits, 50 cents a pound; all ready
for shipping. Send your orders and wa
can ship for you at reduced rates R77
Market street, Palace HoteL •j DOMESTIC DEFT.
T .
■-, - ■
■ At $5.00. .
EJFER DOWN COMFORTERS, full size, with handsome coverings; worth $6 00; will be
B offered at $0 00 each.
■ At $6.50,
■I EIDER DOWN COMFORTERS, regular size, with coverings of the most elegant designs;
■■ worth *S 00; will be offered at *« 50 each.
■ ■ —
■ At $9.00.
I EIDER DOWN COMFORTERS, regular size, with coverings of silk of the very latest de-
£2 signs; worth $12 00; will be offered at $9 00 each.
|
■ --- -At $3.25.
_ 11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, 72 inches wide. heavy and serviceable; worth $3 75; will
■ be offered at $3 25 pair.
■ At $3.36.
■ ""S^'^l^offefe^at^l'pair." 01168 wide ' made from * "** ***** ° W °° l: W ° fth
? -At $6.50.
■ n-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, full size, extra heavy and a soft, fine finish; worth J6 50;
will be offered at |i;,O pair.
■
. At $8.75.
• 12-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, full size, made from a fine grade of Australian wool,
I extra heavy and very durable; worth *7 50; will be offered at $6 75 pair.
I. • .
■ At 75 Cents.
r-j TABLE DAMASK, 6S Inches wide, grass bleached, all pure linen, satin finish; worth 90c;
™ will be offered at 75c a yard.
T At $1.00.
■ TABLE DAMASK. 72 Inches wide, grass bleached, a fine satin finish, heavy and solid;
|-' worth Jl 25; will be offered at $1 00 a yard.
■
a ■ At $1.25.
I " TABLE DAMASK, 72 inches wide, grass bleached, extra heavy and fine, handsome designs;
_ , worth $1 40; will be offered at $1 25 a yard.
■ * -At $1.60.
I % DAMASK NAPKINS, 22 inches square, heavy and serviceable; worth Jl 85; will be of-
B\* fered at 51 60 a dozen.
■ At $2.00.
I % DAMASK NAPKINS, 23 inches square, a fine satin finish and pretty patterns; worth $2 50;
B will be offered at $2 00 a dozen.
)■ -
7 At $3.00.
pj %, DAMASK NAPKINS, 14 inches square, extra heavy and a fine satin finish; worth $3 50;
™ will be offered at $3 00 a dozen.
i At 25 Cents.
■ 150 dozen HUCK TOWELS, siza 22x45, absolutely pure linen, heavy and v«o 1 ' absorbing-
| worth $3 75 a dozen; will be offered at 25c each. '
■
I __ —
■ —
i
■ [Fig Market, Jones and McAllister Sts* /
1
"WAS ROPED
IN B Y THOSE
BALDWINS"
Mrs. Veronica C. Baird
Makes Answer.
WILL FIGHT HER DAUGHTER
DENIES ALL ALLEGATIONS MADE
BUT ONE.
•
Became Prejudiced Against Her Son
in-Law. Barry Baldwin Jr.,
Through Reports of His
Dissolute Habits.
Through the filing of ai ssues
joined in the suit recently in-
Btituted by Mario V. Baldwin against Mrs.
Veronica C. Baird. and tl will k*>
to trial before Judge Hebbard on tl
Jnst. The case is one of unusual Inl
f r it Is a suit of daughter against
mother. Both are well known in the
s.ioial world, ar.d sensational revelations
ipected when In the legal arena the
opens for valuable propertj the
;ter avers her mother illegally pos
-. but which the mother strenuously
>
The plaintiff in the action is Barry Bald
win Jr., eldest son of the well-known and
popular ex-United States Marshal. Her
complaint was tiled in July of this year,
and tells a remarkable story of alleged
deception and abuse of confidence at the
hands ,of her mother. By way of intro
duction, Mrs. Baldwin avers that In April
of ISO 6 she was the owner ol -'-■■ shares
of the capital stock of the California Pow
der Works and 203 and a fraction shares
of the Sausallto Land and Ferry Com
pany, all of which stood in her name on
the books of the corporations named, and
are of the total value of about $40,00).
On the 21st of April. 1596, the stock was.
by Mrs. Balrd, it is alleged, transferred
on the books of the corporations named
from her daughter's name to her own
account. On this transfer the story hangs.
Prior to the transfer from the daugh
ter's to the mother's name the stock was
changed on the books of the corporations
from the maiden name of the plaintiff to
her married name. She indorsed the new
certificates of stock and gave thrm into
the hands of her mother for safe-keeping."
The indorsement and transfer were with
out consideration and made for the pur
poses set forth.
At the date of the indorsement and
transfer Mrs. Baldwin, the plaintiff, was
expecting 1 to become the mother of her
first- child. She had married against her
mother* wishes, who then and still enter
tains an intense prejudice against young
Barry Baldwin Jr. Not long before her
child was born, Mrs. Baldwin continues,
her mother constantly reminded her of
the danger to her life that would accom
] any the birth of her child, and urged
her to make such disposition of the stock
referred to as would, in the event of her
death, secure the same to her child, or
should the child die with its mother, to
her own brothers and mother.
In order to satisfy her mother and in
' the hope that she could reconcile her to
her marriage Mrs. Baldwin transferred
the property to Mrs. Balrd upon the- ex
press, trust that Mrs. Balrd was to hold
. the stock only until after the result of her
'-confinement should be known; if she
"should die, leaving a child surviving her.
to hold the same for the benefit of the
- child; if mother and child both- expired
* then to hold the stock for her own bene
fit and the benefit of her sons, but if Mrs.
.Bald will should survive confinement then
the stock was to be returned to her on
demand. .-■ . . • -/'.-»~
When she yielded to her mother's re
quest, Mr?. Baldwin states that she was
but 20 years of age, ignorant of all busi
ness matters, ill and highly nervous and
worried, and it never occurred to her that
her mother would violate her trust. In
September of IS9C. the child was born,
Mrs. Baldwin survived, and as soon as
she recovered her health, requested her
mother to return the property. Mrs.
Bain! refused to reconvey the stocks,
however, and says that she will not, it
is alleged, unless her daughter casts off,
abandons and deserts her husband. Mrs.
Baldwin married her husband solely
through affection and she refuses to cast
him off. but appeals to the court to force
her mother to honor the trust which she
has violated.
In her answer Mrs. Baird denies the
major portion of her daughter's allega
tions. She admits that her daughter mar
ried against her will, but avers that she
never entertained any ill feeling or preju
dice against her son-in-law until such ill
feeling and prejudice were caused by a
ration on the part of her daughter
"that she had been roped in by thibse
Baldwins." and further by her own re
ports of her husband's misconduct and
other reports that young Baldwin was in
the habit of becoming intoxicated and
associating with lewd women. This one
admission that she opposed her daugh
ter's marriage is the only one made by
Mrs. Baird in answer to the complaint.
She denies that she ever reminded her
daughter of the dangers of confinement
and states that she gave her daughter
only such advice as a mother should give
> daughter under such circumstances.
Shf> further states that no trust provision
mpanled the transfer of the property,
but alleges that the stocks were given her
by her daughter as a gift nnd as such she
received them. In conclusion she asks
thru her daughter take nothing by her ac
tion and that she. the defendant, be given
judgment for her costs of suit.
Mrs. Baird 'a statement that her preju
dice against young Baldwin was caused
I>> her daughter's remark that "she had
oped In by those Baldwins" is a
unner of a bitter contest and society
anxiously awaits the outcome.
Literary Notes.
The Youth's Companion promises to
surpass itself during the coming year.
Those 1 wh«> read it during 1599 will be In
troduced t'> the foremost novelists, ex
plorers, naval officer?, poets and men of
science in England and the Unitad States.
They will be "personally conducted." as
re, into the heart of Africa by Henry
M. Stanley; into the Arctic seas by such
• xplorers an Peary. Oreely and Markham,
and Into spy-ridden Russia by Poultney
Bigelow. General Grant. Harriet Beecher
Stowe. Robert Louis Stevenson. General
Fremont anil other celebrities will be pre
sented to them through the medium of an
ecdotal portraits drawn by their sons, or
daughters, or intimate friends. The best
•if a!! story writers, including Stockton,
Kowells. Hret Harte, William Black.
James Payn, Sarah Orne Jewett and
Mary E. Wilkins. will entertajn them, and
profitable advice on the choice of a ca
reer, the care of children, and other sub
jects will be given by such authorities as
Sir Clements Markham (President of the
Geographical Society). the Right
lion. .lames Bryee. Dr. Mary Putnam Ja
cobi. and the president of the Art Stu
dents" [jfeague. Among the other contrib
utors will be Key. Dr. E. E. Hale, the
Secretary of the Navy, the Hon. Carl
Schurz. Andrew I.ang, the Marquis of
Duff Tin and tne Marquis of Lome.
An Unknown Man Drowned.
The bedy^of an unknown man was
found yesterday morning floating in the
bay, at the foot of Powell street, and
was taken to the Morgue.
The dead man was about 66 years old,
with gray hair and beard and gray eyes.
He was attired as a laborer, with two
pairs of blue overalls, heavy brogans,
black sack coat, blue vest with figures of
horseshoes on it. and a gray and brown
striped woolen shirt. It had been In the
water but a few hours.
President Hall Here.
G. Stanley Hall, president of Clark Uni
versity, the leading lecturer of the Cali
fornia" Teachers' Association, is at the
Palace. He is from Worcester, Mass. He
was met upon his arrival by School Su
perintendent R- H. "Webster and C. \V.
Mark These gentlemen were later en
tertained by Mayor Phelan at the Pacific
Union Club.
Christmas Trees.
Churches and Sunday schools, attention!
Large Christma* trees. 20 feet high, for
eale at 20 Suttcr street. •
THE SAN FBAS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DJSCKMBER 18, 1893.
HDLIDAY WEEK
Uxm. I\^ V-I i\. 1 1 14*13
. . . 11T . . .
EVERY DEPARTMENT !
We respectfully invite the public to visit our. establishment
and inspect the unrivaled display of NEW, NOVEL and AT-
TRACTIVE HOLIDAY GOODS exhibited in our every depart-
ment." Combined with these most suitable and choice Holiday
Gifts is our vast stock, newly imported from the leading Ameri-
can and European houses, which is unequaled as to
Quality, Design and General Excellence.
STORE OPEN EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK.
Ladies' Underwear
and Waists.
At SO Cents.
LADIES' EIDER' DOWN DRESSING
SACQUES, In pink, blue and red; extra
good value at Jl 23; will be offered at 50c.
At SO Cents.
LADIES' KNITTED ' SKIRTS, in plain
colors, with fancy colored borders; extra
good value for $1 00; will be offered at
50c.
At &1.00.
LADIES' ALL-WOOL KNITTED SKIRTS,
in plain or fancy colors, with fancy
borders; extra good value for $1 50; will
be offered at $1 00.
At 3S Cents.
LADIES' ALL-WOOL FASCINATORS, In
pink, blue, black and red, finished with
chenille trimming:; extra good value for
7Cc; will be offered at 35c.
At 31. 00.
LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL NIGHT
GOWNS, in plain colors or striped flan-
nel, large collars; extra good value for
Jl 10; will be offered at $1 00.
At &-7. SO.
LADIES' HANDSOME SATIN AND TAF-
FETA, silk waists, tucked back and
front, lined throughout : made in the
latest style; extra good value for $10 00;
will be offered at $7 50.
At &2.75.
CHILDREN'S COLORED COATS. 1 to 6
. years, in red, navy and ' brown; deep
square collars, edged with fur; extra
good value for J4 60; will be offered at
« 76.
SHE WILL RACE
AGAINST TIME
NEXT SATURDAY
Chitose to Have Her
Official Trial.
JAPANESE OFFICERS ABOARD
THEY WILL WATCH THE TESTS
MADE OF HER SPEED.
The Steamer Burma Ashore Near
Portland — Sailing of the Trans
port Tacoma With Mules
for Manila.
The cruiser Chitose. built at the Union
Iron Works for the Japanese Government,
was out for her preliminary spin on the
bay yesterday. She was not speeded, but
THE NEW JAPANESE CRUISER CHITOSE.
| went at a moderate gait between Hunters
j Point and Red Rock. From the way in
i which she went through the water while
under half steam the general impression.
is that sh^ will have no difficulty in mak
: ing 22' 2 knots or better when called upon.
■Captain C. Minor Goodall was in charge
i of the vessel and will command her on the
Useful Christmas
Presents in Hosiery.
At 25 cents.
500 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED FAST-BLACK
COTTON HOSE, spliced heels and soles, in
all sizes, worth H dozen, will be sold for
the pair.
At SO Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK CASH-
MERE HOSE, extra heavy heels and soles,
at 50c pair.
At 25 Cents.
300 dozen LADIES' RICHELIEU AND REM-
BRANDT RIBBED HOSE, with black boot
and self tops, including blue, red, lavender
and pink, usual price $3 dozen, will be sold
at 20c the pair.
At 25 Cents.
400 dozen LADIES' FANCY COTTON HOSE,
in plaids and Roman stripes, with silk em-
broidery, usual price $6 dozen, made up in
boxes of C pairs and 6 different patterns, at
$1 50 the box or 25c the pair.
At 35 Cents.
300 dozen LADIES' LISLE-THREAD HOSE in
a variety of the newest fancy patterns,
usual prices $6 and 17 50 dozen, assorted in
boxes of 6 pairs, for $2 the box. for 25c
single pair.
At 5O Cents.
250 dozen LADIES' FANCY LISLE-THREAD
HOSE in plain and Rembrandt ribs, in all
the newest style stripes! Tartans and Van
Dyk patterns, regular price 75c the pair,
will be sold for 00c.
Ladies' Underwear.
At 5O Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED GRAY
KNIT VESTS, fleece lined, extra heavy, for
winter wear, at 50c each.
occasion of the trial in the Santa Barbara
channel. Irving M. Scott and all the Jap
anese officers sent here from Yokohama
were out on the Chltose and are very
much pleased with the way in which she
moved through the water.
The contract between the Japanese Gov
ernment and the Scotts calls for a speed
of 22M> knots, and it is thought the Chitose
| will make at least a knot better than that.
i She will probably have another warming
I up on the bay to-morrow and will then
Btart for Santa Barbara. She will jog
down the coast under easy steam and on
the tirst favorable day will have her race
I against time. Captain Goodall has taken
i the Charleston, San Francisco, Olympia
and Oregon over the course and beaten
time on each occasion and expects to do
it again with the Chitose.
A dispatch received by the Merchants'
Exchange yesterday states that the Aus
trian steamer Burma was ashore at Ka-
I lama on a sandy bottom. The Burma was
one of the Rosenfeld' fleet of colliers, but
I a few weeks ago was chartered to load
i wheat for St. Vincent (Cape Verde Is
j lands) for orders. She went from here to
i Portland, loaded and was on her way down
I the Columbia river to Astoria when she
went ashore. She is not thought to be in
any danger.
The transport Tacoma will probably gf>t
away for Manila with her load of mules
1 next Thursday. This will be her second
attempt, and it is thought she will reach
port with her live stock in safety. On
the last occasion her donkey boiler for
condensing purposes was not large enough
and the horses had to be landed at Hono
lulu, while the ship came back to San
Francisco for alterations. She has been
ready for some time, but it was discovered
at the last moment that the mules to go
cm h.-r were suffering 1 from supposed glan
ders. T>r. Plummer, the veterinary sur
geon, has received a supply of the" glan
ders' test from Chicago and tried it on the
mules at the Presidio yesterda;*. It takes
three days to run its course, and If it
should prove to be a fact that the mules
have not the glanders they will be put
aboard the Tacoma and the ship will get
away Thursday. If it should be found
that the animals have the disease the ship
will have to wait until another lot of ani
mals can be secured.
Two crowds of excursionists had a very
cold time of it on the bay yesterday. The
members of the Board of Supervisors and
their friends went out on the quarantine
Ladies' Handkerchiefs
and Neckwear.
lOc to 25c.
LADIES' PURE LINEN HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS. '*. 'i and 1-inch
hem, 10c, 12'ic. 15c, 2'ic and 2Dc each.
!5c to *3.50 Each.
LADIES' PURE LINEN EMRROIDERED
HANDKERCHIEFS, assorted paltrrn-,
15c, 25c, 50c, 75c to J3 50 each.
B'4c to 2 sc.
LADIES' SHEER LAWN EMBROIDER-
ED HANDKERCHIEFS. scalloped,
hemstitched and lace effects, 8 l-3c, 10c,
12Vjc, 15c and 25c each.
15c and 25c Each.
LADIES' PURE LINEN HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, hand embroidered
initial. >i dozen in fancy box, 90c and
♦1 m box; 15c and 25c each.
to $10.00 Each.
REAL LACE HANDKERCHIEFS, assort-
ed patterns, for Xmas gifts, Jl 00 to
$10 00 each.
to *5.00 Each.
BLACK LIBERTY SILK COLLARETTES.
ribbon and pleated ends, nicely assorted,
on oate at Jl 00, Jl 25, Jl 50, J2 00 to J5 00
each.
to *3.50 Each.
FANCT BLOUSE FRONTS AND JABOTS,
CHIFFON AND LACE, assorted styles,
on sale at Jl 00, Jl 25, Jl 50, J2 00 to J3 50
each.
launch as the guests of Coroner-elect E.
E. Hill, while the members of the Grand
Jury went on the State tug Governor
Markham as the guests of the Harbor
Commissioners. In spite of the cold both
parties had a most enjoyable trip and re
turned to the city well pleased with their
outing.
Captain Kustel is not going out as mas
ter of the barkentlne Ruth. Captain Chal
leston is in command and will take her to
the Carolines and Ladrones. The Ruth
will probably sail next Tuesday and will
take with her a number of excursionists
who •will make the round trip.
The Mail Company's steamer China ia
expected on Christmas day. She Is not
really due until the following day, but
the captain will probably rush his ship
through in order to allow his passengers
to eat their holiday dinner ashore.
Notice.
All barbers are requested to attend an
open meeting of the Barbers' Association
to be held at The Temple, 115 Turk street,
on Monday, December 19, at 8:30 p. m. •
Golden Gate Park Concert.
Following Is the programme for the
concert at Golden Gate Park this after
noon:
Overture. "Gazza Ladra" Rossini
Mazourka "La Czarine" Ganne
Selection from "El Capitan" Sousa
MUerere from the Tower scene, "II Trova
torf" Verdi
Descriptive, "A Hunt in the Kiack Forest".
.... Voleker
Prelude from "Lohengrin" Wagner
Srenns from "Pagllaccl" Leoncavallo
Waltz, "Wizard of the Nile" Herbert
"Dance of the Hours" Ponchielli
March. "The Belle of Honolulu." the latest
popular march Lee Johnson
Order now Christmas wines; Atlas whisky.
Try Rainier Export Beer; strengthening; right
hop flavor. Mohns & Kaltenbarh. 23 Market.
The fifteen colonies under French rule
have a population of 61,615,427*
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— S. D. Rogers
of £an Francisco, who has been spending
several days in Washington, leaves for
home to-morrow. He hae postponed his
trip around the world until after March
next. Captain Julius J. Callundan of San
Francisco left for home to-day.
LADIES'JACKETS.
At 57.50.
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKET*, in black, navy and tan, fly fronts faced with silk,
regular price $10 00, sale price $7 50 each.
At $10.00.
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, lined throughout with taffeta silk, fly front*,
strap seams, good value for $15 00, sale price $10 00 each.
At ©15. 00.
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS. In blark. navy and • tan. fly or double-breasted
fronts, lined throughout with silk, worth $20 00, sale price $15 00 each.
At ®SO.OO.
LADIES' CADET bLUE KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, lined throughout with taffeta silk.
handsomely trimmed with braid, regular price $27 50, sale price $20 00 each.
\
LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS.
At sio.oo.
LADIES' BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, fan-plaited backs, double-lined and bound with
velvet, extra value for $12 50, sale price $10 00 each.
At $12.50.
LADIES' BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS. Spanish flounce, well lined and bound, worth
$16 50, sale price $12 50 each.
At $16,50.
LADIES' BLACK SATIN DRESS SKIRTS, Spanish flounce, lined with taffeta silk, good
value for $20 00, sale price $16 50 each.
At ©55.00.
LADIES' EXTRA FIXE QUALITY BLACK SATIX DREvSS SKIRTS, Spanish flounce, lined
with taffeta Bilk, regular price $30 00, sale price $25 00 each.
LADIES' UNDERSKIRTS.
At 54.50.
LADIES' COLORED TAFFETA SILK UNDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce, with three rows of
cording, worth $6 50, sale price $4 00 pach.
At ®S.OO.
LADIES' COLORED TAFFETA SILK UXDERSKIRTS, with double ruffle, three row. of
cording at bottom, good value for $S CO, sale price $6 00 each.
At $7,50.
LADIES' COLORED TAFFETA PILK UXDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce, with ruffle at bot-
tom, four rows of cording, regular price $10 00, sale price $7 60 each.
At ffilO.OO.
LADIES' COLORED TAFFETA PILK UXDERSKIRTS. In all the latest shades double
flounce, trimmed with four rows of plaited satin ribbon, extra value for $13 50 sale price
$10 00 each.
At 515.50.
LADIES' COLORED TAFFETA SILK UXDERSKIRTS, Spanish flounce, with double ruffle
finished with two rows of cording, worth $16 50, sale price $12 50 each.
At ffils.OO.
LADIES' COLORED TAFFETA PILK UNDERSKIRTS, In all the latest shadea. accordion
plaited flounce, regular price $2u UO, sale price $1J 00 each.
If If Market, Jones and McAllister Sts^ /
Cr Vf San Francisco. /
MESSRS. EPPINGER & CO.
One of the Leading Shipping and
Commission Firms of San
Francisco.
Among the shipping and commission
merchants of San Francisco the firm of
Eppinger & Co., located at 311 Califor
nia street, stands in the front rank. Its
extensive business necessitated the es
tablishment of a branch at Port
land last year, and a few months ago
another branch office was opened at
Tacoraa. Its business in the north is
increasing rapidly, and in the near fu
ture its operations will extend over the
entire coast and the principal points of
British Columbia.
The firm is composed of J. Eppinger.
H. Eppinger and B. Ettlinger. All are
natives of Germany and came to Cali
fornia about the year 1855. The Ep
pingers were engaged for years in mer
cantile pursuits in the interior, but in
1867 they organized the grain firm of
Eppinger & Co. at Dixon, which is ntill
in existence.
Messrs. Eppinger & Co. are perhaps
the largest exporters of wheat and
barley on the Pacific Coast, shipping
annually immense quanties of wheat to
the United Kingdom, France, Belgium,
Germany, Australia and South Africa,
and supplying the leading English malt
sters with the finest California
brewing barley, and locally supplying
the California brewers with choice
barley, and the flouring mills with the
different qualities of wheat which have
made California flour famous.
Commercially the rating of the firm
is of the highest. H. Epplnger, a mem
ber of the firm, •'- at the present time
president of the San Francisco Produce
Exchange and of the Merchants' Ex
change. The firm owns the Pacific
Coast warehouse at Port Costa, which
has a capacity of 50,000 tons, and at
which ships of any si%e may lie and
receive their full cargo.
Christmas Songs and Stories.
The student? of thf Normal School held
their annual Christmas festivities on Fri
day afternoon in the school building on
Powell street. The programme was as
follows:
Class song;. "Christmas Roses"; recitation,
"Briar Rose," Miss Jobson; vocal solo, Miss
Lask: paper. Miss "McGraw; class song, "Pop
corn"; "Encore," an original story, Miss Wood:
duet. •'Hebe," Miss Montgomery, Mr. De
Veuve; class soner. "Mother's Love Son*";
original poem. "The First Christmas," Miss
MOSS' FIRE SALE ! :
MOSS' FIRE SALE ! :
Gloves |
Umbrellas ;
Parasols , ■
(Saved from the Baldwin Fire.)
Splendid Goods at Tremendous Bargains.
DO YOU NEED I
ANY LOi\o PARTY CLOVES? ,
1210 Market Street, !
Harrington; class song-, "Christmas Eve"- vo.
Cal ,, S ? 0 ' "Cradle Song." Miss Montgomer^
recitation. "Christmas in Cuba," Miss Curt?,'
! qgu t - -'Peßgy." Misses Lask^ Fahey Smart
and Montgomery; original story. "The Pas^J
of Chan Tong." Miss E McCall • voofl «n^
"Noel." Miss Carpenter: clv ? w"g c Car'
penter Song"; class song. "December Day»s :
A CLEVER FOBGEB.
A. L. Alvord. Alias T. H. Allen, Will
Have to Stand His Trial Here.
A. L. Alvord. alias T. H. Allen, had a
warrant served upon him in the County
Jaal yesterday by Detective Cody, charg
ing him with forgery. The complaint
was sworn to in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday by J. G. Howell Jr.
Alvord was arrested on November 20
by Detective Cody, as he was leaving San
Quentin after serving a term for forgery
committed in Los Angeles. He had been
indicted by the Grand-Jury on the Howell
forgery and was sent to the County Jail
Owing to some mistake in the indictment
Howell swore to the complaint yester-
December 18. 1596, Alvord induced How
ell, to whom he bore a letter of introduc
tion to indorse a forged draft on Phila
delphia for $200, which he presented at the
P'irst National Bank. Alvord -went to Los
Angeles before the forgery was discovered
and was arrested and sentenced there on
another charge of forgery.
He is said to be connected with a
wealthy family in Texas, but has, accord
ing to Pinkerton's agency, been in trouble
for years. While serving a term in tha.
penitentiary in Nebraska he was tha
leader in a jail break and thirteen pris
oners made their escape.
No More Christmas Presents.
At the last meeting of the Master Bak
ers' Protective Association, held on riaurs
day, December 8, 1898, resolutions wera
adopted to discontinue the giving of any
Christmas or New Year's presents to cus
tomers. The resolutions provide a flna
of 530 for each violation. •
PLEASXJBE AND SCIENCE.
Dr. David Starr Jordan and Party
Leave for Mexico.
Dr. and Mrs. David Starr Jordan of
Stanford University left yesterday morn
ing on the regular New Orleans train for
a month's trip through Mexico. They go
for pleasure and in the interests of
science. Accompanying tnem are: Mr
and Mrs. Butler. Mr. and Mrs. Bowman
Mr. Ely. Mr. Story. Professor Dudley of
Stanford. Mrs. S. F. Lieb and Miss Lieb
of San Jose. J. O. Snyder and J. E. Mc-
Dowell of Stanford and Professor "W. T
Reed of Belmont. Others will join thi
party on the way.
3940
ADVERTISEMENTS.
S SULLIVAN'S FOR SHOES.
P| "WE ARE MONEY-BAV£BB."
I LADIES ; SHOES.
\ There are sixty styles of Ladies'
| Winter Shoes on special sal* for
\ two days (To-morrow and tf^ CA
f Tuesday) at «J)L«iJU
f Some are very mannish, and,
\ -withal, sensible, for they are
I , damp-proof and have thick soles i
s and low heels. But with a whole- •
*i pome regard for those not inclined .
3 to extn 'i ■ styles, we have lots of
H very decidedly feminine shoes,
9 even to the dainty turned soles. |
8 Dolls for the children. 8
4 Country orders filled. Send for ;
a catalogue. , \
SULLIVAN'S,
3 MONEY-SAVERS IN SHOES. j
fl FOURTH STREET.
4 M Stops from Market Street.
COMEDY THEATER.
TjAfTT TWO PERFORMANCES
MATINEE TO-DAY— EVENING AT 8.
The Big Sensational Show.
"SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR."
"U*eek Comm*ncins To-morrow, December 19.
OUR XMAS HOLIDAY GREETING,
The Kver Gay
HOYTS
"A BUNCH
OF KEYS."
BRIGHTER AND BETTER THAN EVER.
MORE GOOD FUN.
MOKE GOOD DUNCERS!
MORE GOOD FEATURES!
MORE GOD DANCERS!
MORE GOOD LAUGHS'.
MORE PRETTY GIRLS'.
Than All Farce Comedies Combined.
a::d the first time at popular
PRICES.
DOLL. MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
GRAND XMAS MATINEE SUNDAY.
PRlCES— KvfniitK lie, Isc, 3ic, Sic
Matinees '......' lie and 23c
Seats Secured. Box O&* and Emporium. -
Dec? 2C— '•ROMANCE OP COON HOLLOW."
| The Most Useful g
HOLIDAY
j OFFERINGS! I
f Black Tailor-Made Suits, 1
I $10, $12.50 and $15. I
3 Elegant Black Dress Skirts, J
| . $5, $7.50, $10, $12.50. |
jj Waists, Jackets, Capes, Etc. |
! I Black Goods, new designs, I
I $1,81.25, $I^o, $1.75 Yard. I
Black Goods, new designs, \
| $2.00, $2.25, $2.50 Yard. I
\ TO fIRIIFR Costumes made to |
, 9 IU unULlii order nt very moder- |
t ate charges. %,
■ 3 • £
THE BLACK GOODS j
! HOUSE I
J KENNEDY COMPANY, \
\ 1106 MARKET ST. |
* \ Near Mason and Taylor. '■
Buyers will find the largest and hamlßompfl'
assortment of USEFUL AND DURABLY
HOLIDAY GIFTS in San Frarictsco at tht
store of the .-.";-
PALACE HARDWARE CO.,
603 MARKET STREET,
From 52.50 UF*.
CfIRVER^.
MANICURE SETS.
SCISSOR SETS, new patterns, uscfu
arid very rjandsoros.
TOILET SETS.
SHAVING CASES.
RfIZOR SETS.
POCKET CUTLERY, 500 styles
VFNETIfiN-LfINTERNS.
. CANDELABRA AND CANDLESTICKS
TABLE CUILERY.
PLATED WARE.
CHILD'S SETS. Etc.
' "pi 'fk 9 The pn>.,l.'u
5^ {[\ «• f m"«. tt ' O mVstlS
THE HOME REMEDY j^JgSi
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS ]p£»v!
T.r»r.i:. Fcr ill Ui M |«in«, irr«ruUriti« and illlilrultin ni
until on earth •»nn.l)fn» i:--'ty«iT"-''- •>)' Mr**'
' CSfwiVKl*'. In \.'ciali or (Knrlr* in 10 minute*
1 t^vs Prompily r*lift«i lle*-l«ohr,>.au«'«,Ulo«d > »a<i
' ''Ra S3 »ii't nf*nonrl»nry. Curr« f^ueorrhw*, Wonil
§lv \.riili or Ovarlrs In I<> mliiul»
.- ll««.i««!hT, Vmur «, Mujjari
*v 1 Ilfi»lM^nr). Cure* t^ucorHicr*, IV am I
' 6 VifcsLjJ&iit'hcf* '''• M'iritt ' »n«l' Vltallxe* C£alJ
■ "< '©^Cf^-' 'ifcc ~hgl« £r«ni'. Safe, Hurts nni> VaTHS
AbM.lutrly Hcrinlc**. One t»O cm*, box will > «-'
V* eomrJ«t«» eurein oTflin»r)ro«»r» •• - ■ .
■ QYfJD"! k\ "'i* l p/riu n i'soi">''nY all nnixfiisT"
O i bid ALL ttiWi M i :.-i)< m (.lain wMppcr on rcceip
IN IOMWIJTFSi^?^,r.r».^« Mt . |«
s Sold by Owl Dree Co.. 8. V., and Oakland
INDIAN OPIUM CURE, B. D.KMMIB,
201 Turk St.,' San Francisco*
THE HOBART
STAKE WON
BY NAPAMAX
In Front the Entire
Distance.
PILOTED BY CHARLEY THORPE
DON QUIXOTE BADLY CRIPPLED
THE TALENT.
Casdale Beaten by Horton — Granger
at Good Odds First in the Hur
dle Event — Morinel an
Unexpected Winner,
The Saturday crowd of race goers at
Ingleside met two or three reversals early
in the game that probably disheartened
them. Casdale, the opening favorite, let
bettors down with a thud, and thereafter
GRANGER AND MAJOR S TAKING THE LAST JUMP TOGETHER.
the books were masters of the situation. I
Of the brilliant array of favorites, the fly- !
ing filly. Jinks, at odds on, was the only
winning one.
The- Hobart stake, worth $1200 to the !
winner, over one mile and a quarter, the i
special feature of the card, was captured
by the game Napamax. carrying 113
pounds, and piloted in peerless fashion
by Charley Thorpe.
There were but three other entries, San
Venado, Sardonic and Morelllto. The lat
ter colt was assigned top weight by the
handicapper, 117 pounds, notwithstanding j
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Saturday, Dec. 17, 1898.— Eighteenth
day of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track heavy.
EDWIN T. SMITH. Preßidlns Judge.
O-rO FIKdT UACE-Slx
; purse. $400.
Index.. Horse.
Weight.
Vim.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockey*.
341 Horton '
343 Casdali* <'••••'
333 Ollnthus .' :
343 Racivan
333 Anchored :
3
4
2
5
1
32
1 3-
4 1
5
2 h
2 S
1 1
3 1
4 2
2 20
1 \i
3 2
4 1
5
1 IV4
2 23
3 6
♦4 6
6
1. Turner
i. Martin
r. Rein"
F. Ward
l 7-5
6-5 9-10
6 15
50 200
12 30
Gutter
Time. l:l6'i. Winner, E. P. Smiths eh. c. by El-Rayo-Fusillade's Last. Good start.
Wen easily. Heeond and third driving.
Horttm outgamed and uutfooted Casdale in the run home.. Relft was of no help to
Ollnthu*. _ j
nf A SECOND HACK— One mile; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse, 1400.
Ind»x. Horse. Age. Weight. i St.
%m.
Mm*
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
362 Prtnc Blazed 3..".. 1fil 3 610 4 M 4 2 2i* . In Gray .......... 45
3C6 To " Calvert. 3.:.;..101 5•.•' 5 H 3V4 1% 3 2 2h H.Martin 6-5 11-10
Klklad 3' ......10* 4 2 2 2 2 12 111 3 6 Jones 3 '£■•;> 4
BC3 New Moon, 5.: 104: 1 1% lh 2% ■4 1 4 3 I. Powell 6-~ 12
T". Guild™ 3 .... 95! 2 ■Sh 610 0 4 55; 50 McNlchoU ... 10 12
c"llin* 6. ' "• 104 7 7 7 7 7 6 5 Joe Weber.... 12 30
'.'.'. Mlwtlct'on* 3 ........lfll 6 4'A s'* ' 6 C 6^ 7 J. Woods 30 SO
Time. 1:46.-. Winner, Sloan & Hurst's br g. by Blazes-Bettle Prince. Good start. Won
The r winner was excellently ridden. Calvert was away none too well. Elidad was a
trifle short. New Moon Belongs In a lower class. Guilder sprawled about In the going.
ray
. Martin.....
jnes
Powell
[cNlchols. ...
De Weber....
Woods
4 5
6-5 11-10
3 4
6 12
10 12
12 30
30 50
3-rcr THIRD KA«:E— One and an
lUi over five hurdles; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
%m. V-m.
*im.
Str.
Fin.
'i'Ji Granger, a '
... Major S. 4 \
2.".7 William 08, G
HI P F. 4
850 Ockttirnck. 4
3.'.! Kerrler, a
233 Tortoni. a
?*n rtossmore, a
3GS Diabllta. 4
364 Keddlngton, T.
6
4
5
7
8
I
3
.9
t
1 h
2 2
4 I
7
6
3 2
8
9
1 h
2 >&
5 4
3 1
0 6
4 4
'_■ • ■ ' ;
2 h
4 4
'i I
66
3
2 3
1 h
Z 1
4 6
5 4
6
1 h
2 3
3 3
4 6
5 2
6
1 1
2 6
3 12
4 4
5 3
6
vprrin
.IcAuliffe ....
"rimlets
'aims
IcKenna
7
10
2
4
15
8-5
8
12
25
5
12
4
4
60
2
12
50
60
••
banner
rubervllle ...
f. Burns
'ooper
Cllison
•Fell theft, ••fouplod with Ferrier.
Time. 8:10. Winner, W. P. Fine's eh. g. by Oregon-Superba. Poor start. Won easily.
Second and third driving.
The winner was apparently the best. Major S was fancied by some wise ones. William
OR fenced badly. Ferrler is a poor Jumper.
O>7<2 FOURTH nACE-One and a quarter miles; three-year-olds; Hobart Stakes;
O 4 O'» value, $ir,oo.
Indvx. Horse. Ape. Weight. lßt. Std.
>4m. 'Am.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(334) Napamax, 3 :...113 4 In 1% 1 % 12 11 13 Thorpe ..:..... 6-5 2
310 San Venado, 3 108 122 4 21) 3 1 2121 Spencer ......: 4 7
(33?) Morellilo > 3 < .........117 2 4 2h 4 4 4 3 1 H. Martin..... 6-6 9-10
..! sardonic. 3 0'! 3 3 h 3 1 3 1 2',j 31 4 McXlchols. ... ■ C 7
Time. 2:11V4- Winner, Hums & Waterhouse's br. t. by Imp. Maxlm-Napa.' Good start.
Won Va»ily. Second and third driving. /
• Kmsanax t<«veled \f\ the going. San Venado wu knocking all the way. The weight
anchored Morellito. ' Sardonic ran as if short. She will be hard to beat next time out.
tin.;;!;
OIH ...
6-5 2
4 7
6-6 9-10
6 7
r>'7*7 r FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; handicap; three-year-olds and upward;'
Ot 4 • purte. jIOO. :-■ : ' •'■'•-■■ ' » • ' -•.--.
~~~ '- : ~ ~ I • : . ■ - ~~ i • : I netting
I netting.
Index. Horse. Age. Wel*ht.]St. Std. 14m. ><.m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. Cl.
Std.
14 m. ',£m.
"Am.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Si". Morincl. 3 10"
810 tlftp. Mistral 11, 4..111 1
3)1 Don Quixote, 3 U2
j o
I i
i
l
2 n
1 h
3
2
1
3
2%
1 1
3
1
2
1 1
2 h
S
1 1
2 3
3
er
i-i
2
M 0
Time. V.iX'A. Winner, M. Storn's b. f. by Morello-Sunlit. Good start. Won easily. Seo-
«.nd .iiicl third driving.
Morincl tunifl a flip-flap. She was on edge as keen as a razor. Mistral, as usual, ran
camoly nnd well. The favorite burst one of his hoofs when going eaßlly.
Q"7O SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
v
Index. Horse.
Weight.
t.
V«m.
14m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys. •
... Jinks ....'... ..::
:C.r, Key ■H00ker..:..:...
349 Earl 151ingt0n.. ".....'
69 Ann Page...
T,i:i Watossa."
349 Brltomartis .........:
2
1
I
I
3
If
2 3.
4-H '
31
6 3
6
18 18
2 h ...' . 2 h .
'32 3 2
44 4 6
5 5 "
.•■-•■ b ; ■
1 5
22
3 2
4 12
6
in
tl
1-3
3
40
10
75
60
•Pulled up. —
Time. 1:03V4- Winner, P. Dunne's b. f. by Imp. Albert-Hoodoo. Good start. Won eas-
ily. Second and third driving.
Jjnks took affectionate leave of her company at the start. Hooker flniihed where he
belonged. Britomartls threw cut a ettfle and will be retired.
■•-■'. . . ■ ~
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1808.
■which he was backed down to 9 to 10 fa
voritism. Thorpe, on Napamax, took the
front position before the stand was
reached first time, and never appearing in
difficulties, the daughter of Maxim won
In easy fashion from the Baldwin repre
sentative, San Venado. Big things were
expected of Sardonic, but she ran disap
pointingly. The favorite never looked
dangerous.
The most unexpected upset of the after
noon was the defeat of "Kid" Weller's
highly touted colt, Don Quixote. He was
allotted top weight In the mile-and-a-six
teenth handicap, and with only Morinel
and Imp. Mistral to beat, the smart ones
thought it a cake-walk for him. At post
time 1 to 2 was not plentiful in the ring
against his name. Turner hustled him
to the front, and he galloped along nicely
In the lead until within three furlongs of
home, where the other two just sauntered
past him. In the run to the wire it was
easy for Morinel, which won in a gallop.
After the race it was reported that the
Don had split one of his hoofs, which ac
counted for his inglorious defeat. The
winner, excellently ridden by Spencer,
was 5 to 1 in the betting.
In the opening six furlong run for 2
year-olds, the crowd showed a marked
preference for Casdale, with Martin up,
sending him to the post favorite over
Horton. The latter colt got up to the
favorite at the head of the stretch, and
both outfooting and outgaining him, won
easily at the finish. The others were
beaten off.
The mile selling run, in which a noted
bunch of mud-larks were gathered, was
a lively betting affair. Though he has
shown to be no wonder, Pat Dunne's en
try, Tom Calvert, was the medium of
some extensive plunges, closing an 11 to
10 choice. Elidad and Prince Blazes came
in for considerable support, especially the
latter. Jonee, on Elidad, tried to make a
runaway race of it. but the Easterner
tired the last sixteenth, and was collared
by the favorite at the paddock. About
this time. Gray, astride Prince Blazes,
came with a rush and splitting the two
leaders, won a well-timed race by a neck.
The favorite downed Klidad a head for
the place. CJray's ride was a very pretty
piece of saddle work.
For the mile and a furlong hurdle
handicap, the Corrigan entries, Redding
ton and Ferrier coupled, held sway in the
betting. Ferrier proved a poor hurdler
and Reddinpton wns left at the post.
Granger, a 7 to 1 shot, ridden by Kerrin,
was prominent the entire distance, finally
winning with something to spare from
Major S, an outsider.
The final five-furlong scramble for 2
vear-olds was only a scamper for Jinks.
The filly was a 1 to 3 chance and won
with ridiculous ease from Roy Hooker.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
INDOOR CYCLE
TOURNAMENT
Prominent Wheelmen
Will Assist.
IT WOULD HELP THE SPORT
OLYMPIC-BAY CITY BASEBALL
GAME TO-MORROW.
The Amalgamation of the Olympic
Wheelmen and Cyclers — Presi
dent Nippert Appoints
His Committeemen.
The announcement made exclusively In
The Call last Sunday that a syndicate of
sporting men wore completing arrange
ments for a big indoor cycling tourna
ment to be held in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion early next year awakened marked
interest around the clubs, and will have
j a good effect on the sport. The fact is
apparent that the absence of any race
meets has made the clubs and riders
rather sluggish, and few could be found
who would arouse pufflcipnt enthusiasm
I to get in and train a fortnight during the
Christmas holidays for the San Jose meet
jon January 2. for one day's racing. But
: the prospect of a week or fortnight's rac
' ing indoors shortly after that was just
I what they had been looking for, and the
San Jose club will benefit by the an
nouncement in the increased number of
entries at its meot on New Tear's day.
Emll Fahrbach, president of the Bay
! City Wheelmen, when interviewed by a
! Call reporter regarding the proposed in
! door tournament, said: "I think it is a
; splendid thing for the sport and hope that
I the racing men will encourage the pro
j moters by training hard and making the
, best showing they can at the meet. I
i understand they intend to put on ama
i teur, professional and long-distance pro
fessional events. That will give all
! kinds of racing men a chance, both local
I and foreign, and will afford the spec-ta
j tors a big variety. The trade, too, should
I lend a helping hand by exhibiting their
i wares, and I am sure they wi'.l find it
! much to ti.eir benefit to do so. By ait
'■ means put me down as being heartily in
: favor of the proposed indoor tournament,
; or any movement calculated to awaken
i interest in cycle racing."
The Olympic Wheelmen, too, are heart
ily in favor of M« tournament idea. Cap
tain Loos said that the club had a large
number of racine men constantly in con
dition, and just aching for a chance to
' ride. The Olympics did not get much in
: the way of glory or prizes at the last in
■ door meet heid here, and they are
anxious for "revenge."
The programme as now forecast by a
' gentleman connected with the manage
ment of the proposed meet, is to put on
1 two weeks of racing, coupled with some
i other athletic sports in the center of the
track. One of these weeks wil be given
! over to the long-distance or "six-day "
; riders, who have recently boen competing
i in New York, including Cnampion Miller,
"Dutch" Waller. Pierce, Rice and the
! other twenty "pluggers." The second
week will be participated in by the short
distance cracks, including the beat East
ern professionals and local amateurs.
Taken altogether the programme is quite
alluring. . ,
The Cycle Clubs' Baseball league sched
ule will'end to-morrow with the game be
tween the Liay City Wheelmen and Olym
pic Club Wheelmen, and excitement is at
a fever heat between the two leading
clubs in the tournament. The Bay Cltys
have not lost a game, and are naturally
confident, while the Olympics,- with only
one defeat to their credit, hope to admin
inter the ilrst Bay City defeat themselves.
The possession of a valuable trophy don
ated by John A. Hammersmith of the
Olympic Club is dependent upon the re
suit A large number of tickets have been
distributed for the game by both clubs,
and each will have scores of rooters on
the grounds. The game will take place
to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock at the
Velodrome grounds. Baker and Fell
streets. -_
Every effort is being made by the new
board of directors of the Bay City Wheel
' men to increase the membership of the
' club and fifteen additions have been made
to the roll since December 1. The club's
; house committee is arranging a series of
: entertainments for the winter evenings,
! and one of these will come off Monday
i evening, December 2G. when a Christmas
tree party will be held, to be followed by
an Impromptu entertainment and smoker.
A special meeting of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen will be held next Tuesday
evening at the Olympic Club to vote on
the proposed consolidation of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen and the Olympic Cyclers.
" " — ADVEBTISE2IENTS. > . . -
•fc yjKlKaSßt^^^^M^Jl////M 4'/J^ r . r . r /^/^^•^rWJBJKSwBBaKwBiSSIBfMgI '^*O thirty days' use of your Belt has been simply marvelous. I consider -3»
TZ fflffltrar^^rTVWlKV i V 'IT V |^\m||B]iinlWyWVy^^ "J$S >' our Belt the grandest remedy for Rheumatic ailments. Lumbago and
fc: jSSß^^^^^m/J^^^^^l^^^^^^fy^i roffjpWrfißm^Sß^ W<^y general weakness, of anything that I evor heard of. lam so convinced
'•^^^mH^fflHwj^^f^f^y I S(V\^ v*.J^gC^^^a|^^lg^g. Pajd for the Belt. If anybody doubts the truth 7 of this statement'and =2
2^3 ■ ' * • ■ ■ .;.,.::' ■ **■ i . ours iruiy, \Y mp^ HARDELL*. - I^2
1 ■:•■"' ELECTRICITY' I3 LIFE! I
£ ARE YOU A Do you feel any of the effects of past _ neglect of the laws of health? The thoughtlessness of boyhood and the ignor- 3
£= WEAK MAN? . ance of girlhood ruin thousands of lives. They take away nature's vitality, which is the groundwork of health.
ARE YOU A Perfect manhood depends upon it True and lovely womanhood is impossible without it. 3
£E WEAK WOMAN? Electricity has done much for us. It is a natural invigorant. No better way of using it can be found than Dr. Sanden's '.S
DO YOUR - Electric Belt. / Its strengthening effects are given gently. Men grow stronger day by day and weak women regain the flush =3
£■: jUif E? o. health from it ,-■ ( , - . - ; ' 8 '.3
S^ DOES YOUR - - ■ - Dr " anclenls Electric Belt IS a grand remedy. Its power is felt instantly. The blood jumps with life from it. A 35
g~ BACK- ACHE?. valuable book for either sex will be sent free upon request. Consultation free and invited. Call or address ' 'i
•^. " . -■ % ■' ' ; . ■ ' *" . ■ . ■ .;. ■ ■- . , ■ ■■ ■ . . . - ''
£ TVR A T • NHPN - "not in ..■■•••■.■•
£ 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. NOT IN DRIJG STORES. 3
•"• . .? Offlce hours, 8 a. m to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches "at Los Angeles. .■ . Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Is never sold In . ■
fc :'i : Cal., 204\4 South Broadway; Portland, = Or., 253 Washington street; Denver, ' drug stores nor by traveling agents; only at -^
«C- . f Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte, Mont.. 110 North . .. our office. . V
g£; '■ ■ Main street. ;\.; \ . ', ,N ,-. ■'■'•_■ . ; ■.'■.• ■ '- . .■■. .; . - :. ., ■■ : ■;•■ . . ■'■■ •-.. ~ : .-•.-■. ~- — ~ "', ~ — : : "••■."•: — •
MAKING A RIGHT-HANDED DRIVE.
The Cyclers are willing to join the Wheel
men if they are taken in as a body and
allowed equal representation on the di
rectorate. The Wheelmen wanted to take
them in by ballot, one by one, so as to
freeze out one or two whom they "had it
In for," and also did not -want to allow the
Cyclers any representation among the di
rectors. These have been the stumbling
blocks which the officers of the two or
ganizations have met, but the Wheelmen
have now decided to allow their members
to vote on the proposition In open meeting.
It 4s generally understood that a majority
of the members of the Wheelmen favor
the amalgamation, so that ft is likely to
pass, the only objection coming from Mul
len, Adams and a few of its officers, who
had scores to settleAvith the Cyclers.
The Bay City Wheelmen will enjoy a
banquet to-night at 6 o'clock at 419 Pine
street. Each member is privileged to in
vite a friend and the affair promises to be
exceedingly jolly. President Fahrbach
and ex-President Kerrigan will act as
toastmasters.
The Imperial Cyclinsr Club has dropped
out of the Associated Cycling Clubs. This
Is a sign of weakness, for generally when
a club is on the decline it first withdraws
from the association.
President Paul M. Nippert of the Cali
fornia Associated Cycling Clubs has an
nounced the appointment of the follow
ing committeemen to serve for the com
ing year:
Executive committee— P. M. Nippert, .T. A.
Woodsr.n, T. D. Whitman, R. M. Welch,
Charles Albert Adams.
Membership and lnterclub— Emll Lehnhardt,
F. N. Bent. W. H. L. Hynes.
Recruiting and local organization— Robert W.
Neal, Edw. Goeller. W. A. Songster.
Highway Improvement— J. A. Woodson. V. A.
Podd, E. B. Jeroma, Seth Mann, F. I. Vas
sault.
Rights and privileges— Charle3 Albert Adams,
Frank Malone.
Rules and regulations— P. V. Long-, W. A.
Sangapter. O. B. Ludlow.
Touring committee— C. N. Ravlin. Leon Car
rnii. J. J. B. Argenti.
Track and racing records — W. L. L»oos. j. * .
Hancock, L. S. Upson. George Humphrey.
Roa.l and racing records— W. L. Loos. J. F.
Hancock, George Humphrey.
One more name is to be added to the
rights and privileges committee, also a
name Is expected from the Garden City
Wheelmen to act on the track racing and
record committee.
Everything- is progressing smoothly and
getting rapidly fn shape for the big meet
to ho given by the Garden City Wheelmen
at San Jose on January 2. A large num
ber of riders are out daily training hard
for the meet. As the track is of cement It
dries quickly, even after a particularly
damp or rainy night, and always presents
a ridffible surface. Hardy Downing and
Orlando Stevens of lowa, who are billed
for a match race, best two In three mile
heat:-, are already in fair shape. The ex
hibition to be ridden by Floyd McFarland
will be triplet and tandem paced for one
mile, and "Mac" will try to lower the ex
hibition mile record of 1:43 4-5 held by E.
C Bald. The Garden City boys expect a
large entry list and attendance from this
city. The xopon events, amateur, are a
two-thirds mile handicap and one-mile
scratch. Entries must be sent to R. •.
Butler, 126 South First street, San Jose,
before December 2C.
Free doll show, a treat for the children,
at the New Home Sewing Machine par
lors, 1051 Market stroet. Special unduce
ments on all sewing machines for the holi
days. •
Jarred the Violinist.
Michael Heney, a soldier, appeared be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday charged with
disturbing the peace. Special Officer But
ler of the Orpheum testified that while
Camilla Urao. the celebrated violinist,
was playing "America" Friday night,
Heney persisted in whistling "Yankee
Doodle," to the annoyance of the violin
ist and the audience. Heney pleaded that
he was "full" and did not know what
he was doing, but the Judge convicted
him and ordered him into custody to ap
pear for sentence to-morrow morning.
A ROLL OF HONOR
FOR BRAVE FIREMEN
ENCOURAGEMENT GIVEN TO
DEEDS OF GALLANTRY.
At the meeting of the Fire Commission
ers on Friday a communication was read
from Chief Sullivan as one of the trus
tees of the Scannell medal fund. He re
ferred to the fact that no record was kept
of those to whom the medals had been
presented or those recommended for the
medal. A fireman performed a heroic act
and his name was mentioned for the
medal, but afterward another nrer-.r.n
performed another act a little more he
roic than the first and he was presented
with the medal and the other was forgot
ten. He suggested that a roll of honor
be established on which the names of
those receiving the medal and otners
performing heroic acts should be in
scribed, .as it would be a stimulant to
duty and an encouragement to members
of the department to deeds of gallantry-
The Commissioners adopted the sugges
tion, and in future the roll of honor will
be established.
BALLOON RACE TO-DAY.
Two Experts Will Contest for the
Championship of the Coast.
The balloon race at Glen Park, Mis
sion Zoo, to-day should prove an inter
esting as well as novel affair. The prin
cipals, Mile. Anita and Charles Conlon,
are both confident of victory and excep
tionally clever aeronauts. A lively race
for the championship of the Pacific
Coast will no doubt be the result. Mile.
Anita is better known through tha In
terior of the State, where she has made
several balloon ascensions, but Conlon,
who claims to be the champion aero
naut of the coast, is well known in this
city, having made many ascensions at
Glen Park.
During the afternoon there will be a
concert and Madame Schell will give an
exhibition with her trained lions.
"Owl" JLreaves To-Night.
The Southern Pacific will inaugurate its
fourteen-hour service between here and
L,os Angeles this afternoon, when "The
Owl," the new train, will be put in serv
ice. It will leave Oakland at 5 o'clock and
reach Los Angeles at 7:45 to-morrow
morning. It will leave L.os Angeles to
morrow evening at 7 o'clock and arrive
in Oakland at 9:45 on Tuesday morning.
The Southern Pacific has got out a folder
describing the train and giving the time
and points at which It stops, and also in
formation as to how the train may be
taken at intermediate points along the
line.
Christmas Presents.
Gold and silver mounted ladies' pocket
books, bill books, card and letter cases,
lap tablets, traveling sets, music rolls, va
lises, handbags. Bibles, prayer books and
diaries. Trunks a specialty. Lowest
prices and no charge for lettering your
name in gold. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
Women sailors are employed in Den
mark, Norway and Finland, and they are
often found to be most excellent and de
lightful mariners. Especially, we sup
pose, when they are young and good
looking.
Why pay 50c for a 25c dinner when you
can get a 50c dinner for 25c. Chicken, ice
cream, wine, etc. The Ralston, 783 Mar
ket street. *
VICTORY FOR
THE LOCAL
GOLF TEAM
The Oaklanders Meet
Their Waterloo.
FIFTY UP IS THE SCORE
PRESIDIO LINKS PROVE HARP
FOR THE VISITORS.
San Francisco Representatives Boiled
Up an Overwhelming Score
Against Their Guests i"rom
Over the Water.
The second half of the first game In th<»
home and home match between the Oak
land and San Francisco golf clubs played
yesterday on the Presidio links resulted
in an overwhelming victory for the San
Francisco team. The match consisted of
two rounds, ten holes, and on neither
round did any of the Oakland team secure
so much as "one up" against his oppo
nent. The first half of the game was
played on Saturday, December 10, on the
Oakland links, and even on their own
counle the Oaklanders were able to score
only "two up" against the visitors. It
was, therefore, to be expected that when
the Oaklanders came to play on un
familiar links they would be beaten by
the home team. But neither visitors nor
hosts had expected so decisive a victory.
From start to finish the San Francisco
men played a stronger game— stronger In
every department, in driving, approaching
and putting.
The San Francisco team were 27 up on
the first round and » up on the second
round, making a grand total of 50 up on
the day's play. Deducting Oakland's two,
San Francisco is 48 up on the whole game.
And, inasmuch as it was agreed that the
ultimate possession of the cup shall de
pend not on games won but on the aggre
gate scores. San Francisco now has so
long a lead that It will be a difficult task
for the Oaklanders to equalize matters
The afternoon was bright and the lignt
good. The recent rain has made the turr
green and springy, so that the golfer can
make two rounds without fatigue. In tna
early part of the afternoon a moderate
northerly breeze blew across the links,
but as the day wore on the atmosphere
grew almost absolutely calm.
The San Francisco representatives wera
exactly the same as on the Oakland links
on December 10, but the Oakland team
contained three new man. the places or.
J McKee, C. P. Hubbard and C. B. W ln
gate being taken by R. M: Fitzgerald.
George D. Gow and P. E. Bowles. The
highest score was obtained by S. L. Ab
bott Jr., who was 12 up on the two
rounds with B. B. Folger, though at Oak
land Mr. Folger had scored 1 up against
The full score Is given in the table be
low:
"
M
-1
-1
San Francisco c
Golf Club. §
5
:
i.
I
i
a
3
B
3
Oakland
Golt Club.
3
3
3
a
|
S. L. Abbott Jr.
Dr. Hibbett
H. D. Pillsbury.
E. J. McCutchen
C. Page
H. Babcock
J. "W. Byrne
T. G. Roberts...
i "ii E. R. Folger
2 G. D. Greenwood
1 R. M. Fitzgerald
li;W. P. Johnson..
4 Oeo. V. Gow
2 1 j JP. E. Bowles
| 4U. A. Folger
, 4 F. S. Stratton...
i 23' Totals \
a
3
0
0
')
)
0
0
Totals
The visitors and the press were most
hospitably entertained in the clubhouse,
and the best feeling prevailed between
hosts and guests, victors and vanquished.
The second game will be played next
April, the first half on the Oakland link 3
and the second half on the Presidio
course. Should the Oaklanders succeed
in wiping off the big score that stands
against them a third game will be played,
on neutral grounds to determine the pos
session of the cup. It is a three-handled,
loving cup, and the San Francisco play
ers can gaze into the window of the jew
elry store where it is on exhibition and
feel that they have a strong grip on two
of its three handles.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, wltti
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Muskets were first used in 1414, during
the siege of Arras. They finally replaced
the bows and arrows of the British soldier
in 1521.ASYLUM FOR
CONVICTS WHO
ARE INSANE
Proposed to Erect One
at Folsom.
THE LEGISLATURE WILL ACT
PRISON DIRECTORS AND LUNACY
COMMISSION INTERESTED.
Citations Issued to the Guardians of
Insane People to File Their
Reports, as Required
by Law.
An Important Joint meeting of the State
Board of Lunacy Commissioners and Pri
son Directors will be held next Friday at
Folsom. The purpose of the conference
Is to devise ways and means for the erec
tion of an institution in which criminal
and convict Insane may be confined.
Secretary John F. Carrere of the Insan
ity Commission and Warden Aull of Fol
eome Prison have been in consultation for
several days past and they expect to have
a mass of valuable information and facts
to present at the meeting for the guidance
of the two boards in the proposed move.
There is a nice distinction between the
criminal and the convict insane, but it ia
Intended to incarcerate both classes in
the Bame asylum. By criminal insane is
meant those -who have committed crime
hjkl escaped the penalty of the law by
successfully pleading Insanity as the
cause (7f their misdeeds. They are there
upon sent to an insane asylum. It Is pro
posed to eliminate that element by having
them sent to the new institution.
By convict Insane is meant those who
have become Insane in prison and the^o
will likewise be segregated.
At the meeting the two boards will com
plete plans for building quarters and a
biil will be prepared for presentation to
axt Legislature. According to War
don Aull an appropriation of $100,000 will
be asked for and this, it is said, will be
none too much.
Provision will be made for the admin
istration of the institution and the bill
will also carry with it an amendment to
th.-> Penal Code for the direct commitment
of criminal insane to. the new asylum.
The end of next year will probably see
the completion of the structure, which has
come to be an absolute necessity.
Secretary Carrere returned yesterday
frwn the Home for Feeble-Minded near
Glen Ellen, where he went to place
twenty unfortunates who had been taken
from the various asylums throughout the
State.
"The trip was uneventful," he said.
"As we neared Glen Ellen I got my
res to singing, and they were In an
dlngly merry frame of mind. They
; cd to like their new quarters very
much. As to the proposed new home for
criminal and convict Insane, we will take
such .steps as will be sure to bring about
the consummation of the idea. "We believe
that class of lunatics should be by them
selves, and as soon as everything is i
we will proceed to eradicate them from
the insane hospitals, just as we are now
at work segregating the feeble-min
"Another good work to bo accomplished
by the Board <>f Lunacy Commlssl
will be to compel guardians of estates of
insane persons to file a report of 'their
guardianship, with a statement of ar
<-.><ims. while the law require* that this
shall l>e don.- annually, it has never been
complied with. We propose to enforce
the law, and yesterday seventeen cita
tions were issued for these guardians to
appear before the Probate Court to pre
: ts. AYe do not accuse any
one of dishonesty, but the law is very
clear on the subject, and the insane ward
should have an assurance that his estate
is properly handled.
"The Pension Commissioners of the
United States are interested in this ques
tion. I know of a case where a man was
committed to the asylum for being Insane
Kome years ago. A certain saloon-keeper
was appointed his guardian. The man
draws an insanity pension of $50 a month
from the Government. Now I find that
the pensioner is not an inmate of any in
sane asylum but is working somewhere
in the northern part of the State. The
pension is drawn regularly every month
1 y the guardian, and we will inquire into
it. If the man is s;me enough to be at
large and able to work he is not entitled
to the pension."
POSTUM CEREAL.
OLD SAWS.
Old Proverbs Don't Always Hold
Good.
"Old saws are sometimes broken.
A man convinced against his will is of
his own opinion s' ill." I have seen
that badly smashed. A friend came in
to see me some time ago while I was
in bed with nervous prostration.
The physician had strictly forbidden
me to use coffee and I had tried a
little Postum Cereal Food Coffee,
but the way it was served it tasted so
flat that I broke the rules of the doctor
and occasionally drank a cup of coffee,
although each time I suffered for it.
During her conversation she asked me
why I didn't try Postum. "Oh," I
said, "I have tried that, but it's no
use. I can't drink it." She laughed
out loud and said, "Why, my dear,
you have been imposed upon. If you
once have Postum mad right you
will be in love with it from that time
on." I listened to her with little in-
terest and much incredulity, but she
kept on insisting.
Shortly after, when I recovered a
little, I was visiting a friend's house,
who asked me if I would like a cup of
Postum, and when it was served it
tasted no better than mine had, so you
gee I had, apparently, a most thorough
experience with the taste of Postum,
and I knew its taste to be decidedly
flat and insipid. -
However, I found for the good of my
health I must drink it, and so when I
got home and was a little stronger I
determined to see IL it could not be
made to taste bette/ I looked at the
package carefully and found that the
directions were very plain, that the
Postum must be allowed actual boiling
of at least fifteen minutes. I put
it on in cold water. It took about fif-
teen minutes before it commenced to
boil, then I allowed it to bubble and
boil fifteen minutes more, and after it
had settled I poured out a cup, which
certainly was as rich a dark brown
cup of coffee as I ever saw in my life,
and when cream and sugar were add-
ed I was amazed at the taFte.
"Eureka," I had found what I wanted.
From that time on you can Imagine I
knev/ to a certainty when it was served
at the table whether Postum had
boiled long enough or not. There
is as much difference as between night
and day. Postum underboiled is flat,
and boiled as it should be is one of the
most delicious beverages a woman
ever tasted. It is strange that people
try and try again, and make Postum
to BO slovenly a manner that they fail
to get the delicious flavor from it I,
of course, have no temptation to go
back to common coffee, for I have the
finest coffee twice a day, and find it
safe, pleasant, healthful and strength-
ening to the nerves.— Mrs. M. E. Love,
■^'hitinsville, Mass.
STOCKINGS
FILLED WITH
GOOD THINGS
Kindergarten Children
Made Happy.
HOLD CHRISTMAS EXERCISES
THREE HUNDRED TOTS JOIN IN
THE CLASS SONGS.
A Dressed Doll for the Girls, a
Trumpet for the Boys and a
"Hanky" and Pair of
Stockings for AIL
Three hundred little ones, ranging from
tiny toddlers to sturdy five-year-old men
and misses, joined In the annual Christ
mas exercises of the Pioneer Kindergar
ten Society at Golden Gate Hall yesterday
The schools represented were the Silver
Star Kindergarten, the Adler Kindergar
ten and the Mail Dock Kindergarten. The
well directed exercises were participated
in by all of the children and the splendid
training of the tiny pupils was shown in
the perfect unison of the choruses, the ex
cellent discipline and the high standard
of the work. .
The many visitors who attended the ex
ercises were relegated to the gallery and
the hall proper given over to the children,
thus affording them ample room for their
pretty marches, without which no kinuer
chorus is complete.
:i kindergarten proudly carried a
silken banner. The little ones all wore
dainty blue and gold paper caps, decor
ated with fluffy balls and tassels.
The prominent features of the pro
gramme were the "Chick-a-dee-dee
chorus and Haydn's merry Kinder Sym-
A Christmas tree beautifully decorated
helped to brighten the appearance of the
hall and at the conclusion of the many
pretty choruses and joyful marches, in
which the little ones so merrily partici
pated, it was stripped of all its brightness
and brought pleasure to all. For the boys
there were trumpets, and elaborately
dressed dolls for the girls, while each and
every one received a snowy white
"hanky," and a pair of stockings stuffed
to the* very toe with all manner of good
1 Sarony & Co., Hugo Rothschild, Haas
and Gruenhagen donated the candy, and
Goldberg, Bowen & Co. the Christmas tree
ornaments. The gifts of the pupils were
donated by the lady director.-;.
The officers of the Pioneer Kinderpart»n So
ciety are: Honorary president, M. 11. Hecnt;
president, Mrs. David Ulxler; vice presidents,
Mr* C. F. Muilii'.s, Mrs. George Moore, Mrs.
V,'. S. dv Val, Mrs. V. Winterberg; treasurer,
Mrs. Frederica George; assistant treasurer.
Mrs. ly-iuls F. Mnnteagle; recording secretary,
Mrs. Al.inzo M. drlm: corresponding secretary.
Miss Atkinson; advisory board— M. H. Hecht,
G. t. Moore, 0. F. Mullinp.
Directors- Mark Sheldon, Louis F. Monteaple,
C. F. Mullinp, M. H. Hecht, George A. Moore,
Executive committee— Miss Kate M. Atkin-
BOn Mrs. David Bixler, Mrs. Charles A. Bel
den, Mrs. C. W. Crocks. Mrs. W. H. Crocker.
M-« E B. Rogers. Mrs. W". 8. dv Val, Mrs.
■ Douglas Fry. Mrs. Frederica George,
Monzo M. Grim. Mrs. M. *. Ortebaum,
Mrs M. H. Hecht, Mrs. Helen Hecht Mrs.
M. a Kellogg. Mrs. C. F. Mulllns, Mrs. George
' \ M iore, Mrs. C. B Moses, Mrs. UOuis !• .
Monteaglc. Mrs. Morris Newton, Mrs. A. < \
Nichols, Mrs. George H. Roe. Mrs. Jaraca
Spiers Mrs. W. Winterberg. Mrs. A. IT. Vail,
Mrs. Slsmund Stem, Mrs. William Steel.
Mitchell Philips of San Jose was an in
terested spectator at yesterday's exercises
and expressed his pleasure by donating $2j
to the kindergarten fund.
NEWS OF
THE MINES
I The most significant feature of the re
cent convention of the California Miners'
Association was the resolution requiring
the appointment of a special committee
to take in hand the broad question of the
■ conservation of the waters of the State.
: Some years ago, during the early stag- s ..f
i its career, the California Miners 1 Associa
1 tion launched the project of securing a |
department of the executive branch of
the Government which should be wholly'
devoted to all the interests of mines and
mining throughout the United States, thus
giving a Cabinet department to the in
dustry which adds nearly 11,000,000.000
worth of wealth a year to tho country.
This plan has grown in prestige year by
year and has become a national issue.
So strong and general is the movement
now that it seems likely that the mining
industry will get a Cabinet officer rather
than a mere bureau in the Interior De
partment or a 'bureau in the proposed new
; department of Commerce and Industry.
I Now the California Miners' Association
i has launched a still bigger idea, though
it is essentially a local one. It has at
tracted little attention from press and
people since the convention, but it is the
greatest scheme in the way of public en
terprise that has ever been suggested in
this State. It will receive much discus
i sion in the near future and it promises to
: become an important State as well as a
! "'rhisidea^is that of conserving by dams
and otherwise the waste waters of the
i State The resolution avers that nine
i tenths of the surface water of the
i State now runs to waste to the
I sea The recent drought- with its
j fine of 530,000,000 or so imposed on
California serves to command attention
! for the scheme of conserving for the pur
poses of mining, power and irrigation the
waters with which nature really abund
antly supplies the State. There must he
■ long discussion and an evolution of pub
' lie opinion in this line before anything
! practical comes of it, but it is bound to
: become in the near future one of the chief
! State issues, and the California Miners
1 Association must be now credited with
being the first agency to make this
palpable benefit an issue.
i The Butte County Miners' Association
i has given pleasing evidence of vitality
■ since the State Miners' convention. It
has not been the habit of any of the fif
1 teen county associations to meet soon
■ after the annual State convention or at
1 any other time than shortly before that
r oVting and mainly to elect delegates.
The Butto County Association met the
otht-r evening and "for one thing decided
to hold soon a miners' mass meeting in
! Oroville to stimulate Interest In the as
i sociation, to increase its membership and
I to whoop along the inchoate nlans for a
local activity on the part of the associa
tion which shall do something fur the
general mining interests of Butte County,
i It is planned to have some of the leading
members of the State executive commit
tee present from San Francisco and eles
where. The project of establishing a
county mining bureau and mineral cx
i hlbit was discussed among other plans.
i President O. W. Jasper appointed as the
executive committee W. F. Duncan Jr.,
George H. Evans, A. Ekman and H. P.
1 Stow. W. E. Duncan Sr., the secretary,
i resigned, but his resignation was not ac
cepted. Mr. Duncan has been the soul
and a good deal of the body of the Butte
County Association for several years,
and in times of apathy this well known
mine owner has hustled about and been
nearly the entire association. He was
mainly instrumental in getting up and
placing the Butte County exhibit at the
ate, Mining Fair, which ht personally
cared for during the exhibit, and what he
has accomplished in this and other ways
illustrates what one man of energy and
nubile spirit can do in a community in
which nearly everybody Jogs along in the
rU N^ow others have wakened up with an
imnu!=e to lay hold with an enterprising
public interest. This life on the part of the
Butte County Association and the plaus
for doing something directly to boom the
mining industry in that county, while be
coming a stronger support to the State
Association, are worthy of note.
Word was received here vest* rday stat
ing that the richest strike yet recorded
THE SAtf FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
was made In the York mine at Downieville
a few days ago. The property has been
yielding much golden treasure during the
past year and a mill was recently erected
at the mine, which is kept running stead
ily. The mine is the property of W. W.
York and five sons of Downieville.— Grass
Valley Union.
Nevada County has some extensive de
posits of copper ore, especially in the
vicinity of Spencerville. Hence it is in
teresting to our home readers to know
that there fs a great boom 'in copper
mining stocks, and Calumet and Hecla,
owned principally In Boston, is selling at
$650 a share. This is more than twice the
price which the stock commanded during
the copper boom of 1890, and other copper
stocks have advanced in the same pro
portion. On the present valuation of the
stock, the Calumet and Hecla is worth
$65,000,000. These facts are worth publish
ing, because California is full of promis
ing copper prospects, and also because our
best copper developments are passing into
the hands of foreign mining corporations,
C'alifornians appearing to be oblivious to
their value. It takes a long time for a
Californian to learn that the world's
greatest mines are copper properties. —
Nevada City Transcript.
A rich vein of ore has been encountered
in the Ydalpom mine at Copper City,
owned by Dr. S. Graham and Theodore
Popejoy. Assays made show an average
of fully $30 per ton. Large numbers of
prospectors are at present working in the
Copper City district, and as work is being
done in a systematic and intelligent man
ner some good development is expected as
a result.— Redding Searchlight.
Unusually rich rock has Deen struck in
the Purdy vein of the Hazel Doll group of
mines, the rock In question going from
$1000 to $3000 per ton. There are six mines
In this group and the properties are oper
afed by the Jubilee Mining Company.—
Tuolumne Independent,
The Redding Free Press announces "a
fabulously rich strike" In the old Glad
stone mine in the French Gulch district,
In the western part of Shasta County.
This is one of the famous mines of that
part of the State. It was recently ac
quired after a season ot litigation by
John H. Walkotte, the former manager
of the property, who appears to report
that on further recent prospecting in the
mine a new ledge of quartz carrying high
value was discovered.
The Sierra Railroad is being rapidly ex
tended from Jamestown to Sonora, the
county seat of Tuolumne County, and it
is expected that the extension will bo
ready for traffic soon after the opening
of the new year. A considerable increase
in the rate of mining development and
a decrease in the cost of mining opera
tions should follow. The number of sim
ilar branch railroads which the mining
regions of California sadly need could be
numbered in dozens.
Many new mining properties along the
mother lode In this county are being de
veloped ami are showing up well. — Pla
cerviUe Democrat.
The season has arrived in the mountain
mining regions when miners go to thaw
ing blasting powder. The experience and
the wisdom related to this operation
would make a good sized and interesting
volume if properly set forth in type.
The proposed unwatering of the Corn
stock (Nevada) lode, which Is to be at
tempted in January next, is exciting the
deepest attention all over the world. A
great deal depends upon the attempt, for
if it is successful it will mean a resumption
of deep mining, which was abandoned on
the Comstoek years ago. It also means
the success or failure of a new departure
in the application of compressed air to
the water elevator system.
The hydraulic elevator to be used in
the drainage of the lode was especially
designed and manufactured for the pur
pose by the Rlsdon Iron and Locomotive
Works of San Francisco. The proposi
tion of employing a modification of the
water elevator system and combining
with it the application of compressed air
is an experiment which is of the deepest
interest tn hydraulic engineers every
where. The machine to be employed oc
cupies only 3x2 feet In the shaft, with a
height corresponding, or course, to the
bright to be pumped. The apparatus is
liuilt in guides, which are to be lowered in
sections of fifty feet. The pumping will
commence with the ninety-foot mark be
low the Sutro tunnel and when that depth
is unwatered the machine will be lowered
to the 140-foot mark. This performance
will be repeated until the lode has been
thoroughly drained.
The Evans hydraulic elevator will be
used for the purpose. It is maintained by
its builders that fully 10.000.0n0 gallons of
water will be ejected daily from the low
er levels. The magnitude of the work, the
low cost named in the contract and the
comparative novelty of the appliance in
otlon with that class or work all
tend to make the project one of general
Interest to mining men. The success of
the project will do much to stimulate
mining on the lode.
HANGED HIMSELF.
A Bereaved Husband Who Could Not
Survive His Wife.
Charles M. Schwerin, a teamster, re
siding at 2324 Folsom street, committed
suicide last Friday night by hanging him
self in the stable in the rear of his resi
dence. The body was discovered early
yesterday morning. Schwerin's wife died
about six months ago. and he was in
consolable for her los««. He grieved so
much that his mind became affected to
such an extent as to be apparent to his
friends; but it was not thought that his
disposition was suicidal or destructive.
He was a native of Germany, aged 62
years. An inquest will be held.
XMAS BARGAINS.
Pattosiens Cutting Prices on Every
thing.
Christmas week, and Pattosiene are out
with special Christmas bargains In fine
furniture and carpets and housefurnlsh-
Ings; fancy writing desks for ladies and
roll top desks for gentlemen, couches,
lounges, wardrobes, extension tables, fan
cy rockers, fancy tables, fancy cabinets
and fancy rugs; everything in the house
furnishing line; the newest and the best
goods in the market; all cut down one
third.
Pattosiens' bargains and Pattosiens'
business are the talk of the town. Pat
tosiens, the great price-cutters, carry the
confidence or the people— the intelligent,
industrious masses— and they get their
trade and their confidence because they
are cutting the prices.
The interest of the masses is Pattosiens'
interest, and hence it is that they spe
cially urge those who must make every
penny count to come to the big two-acra
store on Sixteenth and Mission streets
this week and get what they neod in the
furniture and house-furnishing line.
What Pattosiens have done is nothing to
what they are doing now; the reductions
they have made are nothing to the bar
gains they are giving now.
Pattosiens would direct your special at
tention to the bargains, the extraordinary
bargains, in fancy rockers of all kinds
and descriptions. Two carloads of lovely
Rory O'More rockers have been put on
sale this week at $1 50, $2 50 and $3 GO, worth
double the money. The Rory O'More
rocker is In Magogany or Oak, has saddle
seat or cobbler seat or upholstered seat Is
highly finished and comes in several de
signs.
Store open evenings. •
Postage on the Holiday Edition of
-The Call will be: Domestic, 3 cents;
Foreign, 6 cents.
Dow Steam Pump Works.
One of the manufacturing enterprises
of San Francisco which is very popular
with the mining men of California is
the Dow Steam Pump Works at 108-120
Beale street. The business of the works
has increased gradually so that it was
found necessary to increase its facilities
for manufacturing the various lines of
pumping machinery in which it is en
gaged.
There have been recently added up
to-date iron and brass foundries to the
establishment, so as to more perfectly
control and improve the line of castings
which this intricate class of machinery
demands.
This firm is now shipping its pumps
to China, Philippine Islands, Sumatra,
etc., etc., also equipping the larger
mines of the Pacific Coast and Mexico
with its station and sinking pumps. The
battleships and cruisers built on this
coast have been equipped with the Dow
pumps, Electrically operated pumping
plants constitute an important feature
of this firm's business, and during the
past year this class of pump has met
with an unusual demand.
Their horizontal and vertical electri
cal driven pumps are built for heads
from 100 to 1500 feet and capacities
from 25 gallons per minute upward. A
visit to the Dow Steam Pump Works,
108-120 Beale street, is always of. inter
est to mining men as well as athera in
terested in mining machinery.
ADVEBTIS-3MENTS.
THE GREAT pJPg SALE
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS;
924 TO 930 MARKET STREET, Baldwin Annex,
NOW ON! NOW ON!
THE GREATEST BARGAIN SALE EVER HELD IN SAN FRANCISCO.
$100,000 WORTH OF CLOTHING, HATS AND FURNISHINGS
SLIGHTLY DAMAGED BY
WILL BE SLAUGHTERED TO BE DISPOSED OF.
COME NOW! A FEW PRICES. . COME NOW!
150 Men's Cassimere Suits $2.65
200 Men's Cheviot Suits 3-95
300 Men's Blue and Black Worsted Suits 4-^5
100 Men's Kersey Overcoats, blue, black and gray 4*45
165 Men's Covered Top Coats 6.95
200 Men's Heavy Fries Ulsters ' 4*95
125 Young Men's Tweed Suits 2«35
145 Young Men's Worsted Suits 3*45^
1000 pairs of Boys' Knee Pants. *5 C
lOOObMen's Derby Hats IOC
500 Men's Assorted Hats 45 C
500 Men's Fine Fur Hats 95 C
100 dozen Men's Merino Underwear '^C
75 doz. Men's Merino and Balbriggan Underwear. 23C j
125 dozen Men's Fleeced Rib Underwear — ;. . -3^ c
100 dozen Men's Scotch Wool Underwear "OC |
N. 8.-Owing to the immense throng of people who crowd our store daily we find it .impossible > to give each and^every pure. h»«er the attention a^
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS,
924-930 MARKET STREET.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5354. BALDWIN ANNEX.
ALL MAIL ORDERS WILL RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
RICH STRIKE
ON THE YUKON
IT'S COAL
Stored Sunshine Dug
in Arctic Night.
TUNNELS INTO BIG VEINS
FIRST COAL DEVELOPMENT IS
AMERICA'S.
The Alaska Commercial Company
Hears That the Mine Will
Produce 100 Tons a
Day Soon.
Coal mining has begun on the Upper
Yukon River near Circle City, not far
from the Klondike, and 100 tons a day are
promised for next summer. This Inter
esting development Is on the American
side, practically in the Arctic circle, and
hereafter coal will figure in the mineral
output of the Yukon country. This be
ginning seems to promise much for indus
trial operations in the Yukon, including
quartz mining, which must await power
and machinery. Visions of electric power
lines instantly arise.
The Alaska Commercial Company ap
pears to be the pioneer in actual produc
tion, though the big rival company has
secured coal properties in that region.
Some time ago the Alaska Company se
cured several coal prospects close to Cir
cle City and sent a coal expert— VV. C.
Williams— to the place to develop the
property He reports a fine deposit of
coal the delivery of ninety-seven tons to
the steamers of the company for steam
making before the close of navigation,
and promises to have 3000 tons ready when
navigation opens next year.
The company here has received Mr.
Williams' report, dated September 26, to
Assistant Superintendent J. E. Hansen
at Dawson. It tells what the "Nation
River" coal mine is like. He writes in
part:
The present conditions are that the prospects
are looking favorable Cot developing Into a
mine The work bo far consists of two tun
nfls." No. 1 Is 97 feet long. In It wa* 27 feet
of clean coal averaging 6 feet thick. The vein
then "became troubled with a stratum of rock
or "horse " wedge shaped in the center of the
vein with about 3 feet of coal on each wall.
It finally diminished to a seam from 1 to 14
Inches thick, which Is a true leader to the
main vein. On September 12 I stoped this tun
nel and located a vein at a distance of 6 feet
above high water. It proved superior In all
respects the coal being of a stronger nature
Hnd mines much coarser, making it superior
for steaming purposes. The vein has been lo
cated In three places and there are indica
tions of another vein, which I intend to locate
1 No 1b the main opening and is a
much more favorable prospect than No. 1. The
vein is noarer the general strike of the pri
nnrv rock. The amount of coal mined and
delivered to steamers is about 97 tons. I in
tend mining 3000 tons, and If the vein Is con
tinuous and not pockety will have the mine
in shape to mine 100 tons a day next summer.
I will this winter work sixteen men at 18 a
day and board. I am prepared to push mat
ters as fast as possible.
Nothing is here said ofthe quality and
nature of the coal, but it is demonstrated
to be valuable for steam power in com
petition with wood cut alonp the river
banks. Yukon coal mining has thus made
a definite start. Leon Sloss thinks that
a coal supply will be valuable fl— t to
river steamer* but that the development
of an adequate supply will do much for
"If it turns out well, It will be worth aa
much as a gold mine/ says Mr, Sloss.
If^tß To Sensitive, Dead
Si -1 '£■ and Aching Teeth
m ,& fil We Give a Special
jHL^I^H Treatment, Which
SMH^B prevents Pain in
Filling.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION A SPECIALTY. \
Plates from $4 50; crowns from $3 00.
Fillings from &oc. Teeth without plates.
Best of materials used only. - /
ALL WORK "WARRANTED.
Dr. T. S. . HiggEsMDeiital Parlors,
927 Market Street.
Orar Cafe Z!nkand. . ELEVATOR.
'. "•'.. •■ V. 1';.1 ';.- ■ •.
1899
BICYCLES.
Cleveland...... ? go.og
Crescent $25.00
Crescent ••$35.00
NOW IN STOCK.
FULL LINE OP JUVENILE $2 0.00
81CYCLE5.......... $25.00
LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkln St.
ft was afflicted with ca-
tarrh last autumn. During
the month of October I
could neither taste nor
smell, and could hear but
little. Ely's Cream Balm
cured it. — Marcus Geo.
Shautz, Rah way, N. J.
Cream Balm Is placed Into the nostrils, spread
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief Is
Immediate and a cure follows. It Is not drying
—does not produce sneezing. Large. 60c; Trial
Size. IOc; at Druggists or by mall. ••■•;*
ELY BROTHERS, 66 Warren St., New York.
A Table Water of exceptional purity
jjjnd excellence.— London, Lancet. . ,
s^U^/a^ WHEN YOU
■^iiil%j-fP§&ji Require an ELEC-
(ggs^\^^|TßlC BELT get "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
% y^Sf&ZffiJ-. not be disappointed...
"vrvf 3 ' L Call or address PIERCE
/.. - v '■-:• *' ELECTRIC >. CO.. * 620
Mark** st. (opp. Paliea Hots'), S. F. '
q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
JsL Museum of Anatomy
jraal 1051 1USZZT ST. bet. 6th * Tth, S.F.CiJ.
mTS ft The of Its kind In the World.
Vlttl DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IkWF |L Con.alt.tion free. Write for li.ok
|V : I f Philosophy of ; Marriage.
' ■_■ * a ■ - mailed FREE. ":■:'
300 Boys' Strong School Suits $ -95
260 Boys' Cheviot and Tweed Suits 1.65
75Boys'Cape Coats 1*45
100 Boys' Heavy Ulsters 2.15
350 pairs of Men's Cassimere Pants -75
200 pairs of Men's Tweed Pants I «45
225 pairs of Men's Worsted Pants 2. 1 5
200 Men's Sweaters 4*C
250 Men's All-wool Sweaters osc
1000 Men's Working Shirts 2 °C
50 dozen Fancy Front Dress Shirts .3*C
100 dozen Seamless Sox 5c
500 dozen Seamless Wool Sox I°C
1000 dozen Colored Border Handkerchiefs 5c
200 Men's Mackintoshes $2.65
MERE GOODS
I) ARE HI RIGHT!
THE SECRETARY-SINGLE.
Patented October 22, 1595.
This is the tool lor plowing; sugar-beet
land. With it the soil can be loosened to
a depth of 18 inches.
Deere Four-Row Beet Seeder, Rear View.
The simplest and most perfect tool for
the work yet produced.
Deere Four-Row Eeet Cultivator, with Duck-
Feet and Weeding Shovels. ,
Pronounced by all to be the best tool of
its kind ever manufactured.
Deere Adjustable Beet Puller.
Simple, strong and perfect in its work.
Wa carry the largest Una of Agricultural Imple-
maats, Wagoai and Vehicles on the Pacific Ooast.
WRITE US FOR CATALOGUE No. 6.
DEERE IMPLEMENT CO.
209 and 211 Market St.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Telephone— Main No. SlB6.
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
r UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
'- — OF the: —
Helvetia Swiss Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON THB ,
31st day of December. >. D. 1897, and or (
the year ending on that day, as made to th« j
Insurance Commissioner of the State of « Call- ;
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections :
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
\ ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company $649,362 59
Cash In company's office 42 63;
Cash in banks 117.618 11
Interest due and accrued . on all
stocks and loans 3.51668
Premiums in due course of collection 73,139 *)
Total assets $543.6n 72
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid. .......... , $5,733 S4i
Losses in process of 'adjustment or '■':..
• in' suspense ...:....... :.. - 27,007 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 5,801 95
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
nine one year or less, $305,750 28;
reinsurance 50 per cent. 152, 14
Gross premiums on lire risks run-
■ ning more than one year, $50,761 12:
reinsurance pro rata....... 80.561 T4.
Due and accrued for salaries, rents,
etc . •• MM i
All other demands against the com-
pany ....'. 30,027 88 r
Total liabilities.;...-.;.... $251,330 36'
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $346,04$ Ml
Received for Interest and dividends ,
.on bonds, ; stocks, loans anti t from ■ l
all other, sources..'..... 1 .. ............. 22,731 II
Total Income '......■.... $363,783 79.
EXPENDITURES. ■
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $15,702 64. losses of previous
years) •••• $99,6216*1
Paid or aiiowed for commission or
brokerage .:■•■■■■• 82,397 19 j
Paid lor salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 2,625 0A«
Paid for State, national and local
taxes .....~; :'.-... :•••••• , 4.91315)
All other payment* • and expendi- - >_ •
tures • —•• 14.008 23
Total expenditures.... -. $203,564 11'
■ f . . , ■' , Fire. :
Losses Incurred during the year $120,263 77 j
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums. !
Net amount of risks writ- . ■".''• '
ten during the year.... $46,867,203 $456,581 Uj
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 11,500,088 318,371
Net amount in fore* De- ;
cember 31. 1897 .86.055,649 856,51140 ;
ELIJAH R. KENNEDY,
• ■•■ Of -Weed A Kennedy,
United States Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before ma this 234 j
day of February, 1858. . • . ... !
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public
SYZ & CO,,
General Agents,
801 California Street.
a; \i:.U ' SAN FRANCISCO. ; ;v/
' ©Mehertert KacltA Dl«so»nd Brant. '■->
.Pennyroyal pills
ENKYROYAL PILLS
m x~<E^V - Original ani Only Geautne. A. -'■,
">V#T|t J N •Art, »1W»J» rftlUble. ladici u> M\
\jTI ' ikJMB I)r««giit tor CUcKetteri #nalu» Dia^jWl
| ■ WCimoTid Brand In Bed ml Gold met»lllo\\Sr
rv —^WBbcMf, lulled with bine ribbon. Taka Vy
1 *1 Sr>4b>Jno other. Refute, donprout tu&ftffu- V
• I / — . (Jftiont and imitation: At Dragjlm, or and 4*. -
:.|U ■ If In itumpi for particular!, testimonials uj
. VC* '" 0 " K*lief for Ladle*," in UtUr, by rttua
— X IT Mill. 10,000 Tr«lmoßi«U. • Wmm* Poptr.
vv — — /Cliio»iei!t«TC»enilc«lCo..M«4Uo«*«B»r%
- fcl« by all Loc«l Wrualsti. ■ -.: ,; PHTL V.DA.. VjC
*^tBBE&J£*nM Big t» '■ • non-po!gonot»
<<^BEHB**"' i SlLfc*l remedy for Gonorrhea*.
J^SrCVnEer^a glee*. SpermatorrhceZ
gjSar inltoidayi.^ White*, unnatural dii-
SGBbm ■ Ooir»Qw;4 , ■ charges, or any inflamma-
|S| Dot to gtrlemrr. ~ tioo, irritation or ulc«rv
y> jflPraTenu contagion. tion of.xnucoas mem-
b7»ltheEv«ns CHEHinuCo. Cranes. Non-astringent.
ViLoiNC!NN»TI,O ■■ Sold *>? »»-nsr«;isU,
Wk C. 3. a JM^ 0 * sent in plain wrapper,
v ■>. Circular icnt oa tKttac^
4142
WINE DEALERS
ARE GREATLY
DISTRESSED
No Defense for Stuff
Sent to Mexico.
RESULT OF CARELESSNESS
MANAGKB MORGAN DEPLORES
AN UNLUCKY OVERSIGHT.
As&ertion Made That Salicylic Acid
la Not So Injurious as Sup
posed — Blackmail Sug
, ' gested.
The seizure and condemnation by Mexl
can wine inspectors of nearly three dozen,
barrels of cheap California claret wine on
account of its containing: salicylic acid
lias caused consternation amoug the
prominent wine makers <<( this State.
They believe that the publication of the
fact Will work a serious injury to the in
dustry that win take a long time to over
come and which dealers in the foreign ar
ticle will nut be slow to take ad
vantage of.
These are the facts: Frederick Navarre,
a commission merchant In the City of
Mexico, ordered -a carload of high grade
and young wines from li. .1. Woullaeott,
who j>!.i ed the ord< r with Cosmo Morgan,
the southern representative of the Cali
fornia AVine Association. The latter sent
to the home office in this city for the
poods, which consisted*©* thirty-five bar
■: cheap wines and twenty-three bar
of high t;t ■ . :i cai load lot.
The agents in ti.>- Boutfa disclaimed any
onslbility for the sending of wines
charged with the arid complained of, and
■■1 that i:' there was any blame it
laj wi'h those in the home office who seiu
,r to 1 in- i "its " ; Mexico.
P. T. Morgan, manager "i the California
Wine Association in this city, was seen
rday regarding the matter of respon
sibility. He was greatly disturbed and
made 'no , ■ what had been don.-.
On the contrary, he acknowledged that a
• mistake had been made in sending
away wii.es that had not been tested.
'We hav< l«et->i punished enough by
what lias taken place," Bald he, "and the
easiest way is to tell the truth about the
MYuir. It is nil,- of the ruies of the asso
a t.t have <-",ir Inspector make
that comes iii from
■ nutty. In this '-ase the precaution
was ii"t taken and the wine, after coming
in from the country immediately was put
on the >ar. with the other high grade
■nines, without the usual test being made.
I suppose that it is true that there was
salicylic acid In the wine complained of,
for the Mexican Inspectors said there was.
and as it was destroyed we did not re
ceive a sample of it for a test. This wine
was a cheap lot for a cheap trade, and
the oversight. The use of this acid
In wine is not for the purpose of adultera
tion, but for preservation, i suppose that
the prower found that hf* wim
ginning to ferment and put the stuff Into
it to save It until it could be used. If
we had made the discovery the complaint
would never have been made, for our rule
Is to deal only In pure wines. We griatly
that this expose will injure the trade
• State and give the enemies
ulifornia wines the weapon that they
io ready to use to hurt our industry."
In discussing the use of the acid In new
wines, Mr. Morgan did not attempt to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Doctor Meyers & Co.
Make Weak and Debilitated Men Strong
and Well, Vigorous and Manly.
Dr. .Meyers & Co. Do Not Ask for Money Until Their
Work Is Accomplished, Till After the Patient
Is Satisfied That He Is Cured.
ESTABLISHED SINCE 1881.
"IT MUST REQUIRE A WHOLE LOT OF NERVE TO OFFER TO
WAIT FOR YOUR MONEY UNTIL YOUR PATIENTS ARE CURED."
The above remark was made by a certain business man of San Francisco
•who Is being treated by. Dr. Meyers & Co. A great many people make similar
mistakes. It is not a case where nerve is required. Faith is the proper word.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have tliat sort of confidence in their physicians, and the
remedies and methods of' their institution. The experience of these successful
specialists 'i\irt:~; IZ-; ,_-. . — r-rriieen- years has perfected them in the art of
• rebuilding physical wrecks, taught them how to make weak and despondent
men strong and hopeful and revealed to them the secret of making quick
and lasting cures of all contracted ailments, malignant blood poison included.
DEPOSIT THE PRICE IN ANY BANK.
Patients who have the least doubt about being cured may deposit the
price of a cure in any bank or with any well-known business house or news-
paper in San Francisco, such deposit. NOT to be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co.
' until the patient is convinced that he. is permanently cured. Payments may
be made In monthly-installments, if preferred.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have the largest and best equipped medical institu-
tion and the most extensive practJ •» ' " - -'••- 'f nm ., mire* a •••; -•(•'•>" -•
Correspondence solicited. All letters confidential. No printing on envelopes!
DR. MEYERS & CO.
"7QI MARKET STREET..
• < - fl SAIN FRANCISCO.
Talro uafnr I HOURS-B.to 3 dally. .'..■. - . 'i )-Li
I cute L.»CVdLUr. I Evenings. 7to 8. Sundays, 9to 12.
A GIRL GOES A-BURGLING,
Lizzie Franz. With the Assistance of Two
Younger Girls, Breaks Into the House
of a Neiohbor.
IJzzie Franz has the distinction of being the youngest female burglar
ever arrested by the police. She is only ]4 years of age, but she did the job
In a manner that would have done credit to a most experienced "knight
of the jimmy."
Lizzie keeps house for her father, a laborer living at 1207 -j Stevenson
street, her mother being dead. A flight of stairs leads up from the street
to her father's bouse and in the flat below lives Harry Farley and his fam
ily. A shed divides the Franz yard fom the Farley yard. Thursday after
noon while the Farley flat was unoccupied Lizzie got two little girls, Mamie
Fitzpatrlck, 7 years of age, and Llllle O'Brien, 6 years of age, to help her
to break Into and rob It. With the assistance of a chair they climbed over
the sited. Lizzie leading the way, and got into the Farley yard. Then Lizzie
forced open a reai window and climbed through it Into the Farley kitchen,
followed by the two other little girls.
They carried off two sheets, two pillow slips, a quantity of dishes, a silk
handkerchief, a watch chain, a pair of cuff buttons, a necktie, a quantity of
shells and other articles, besides several articles of Jewelry. The bureau
drawers had been ransacked and when the Parleys returned home the place
looked as if it had been stuck by a cyclone. Farley notified Policeman T.
C. Calnan, the officer on the beat, and Friday he started an investigation.
Lfzzie saw him talking to the two little girls who had been with her and
suspecting that he was after her she burned the sheets, pillow slips and
other inflammable articles In her father's stove, broke up the stolen dishes
in the yard *aici .-lipped out of the house with the jewelry. She went out to
the corner of Devisadero and Waller streets and hid the jewelry in the man
hole of the sewer there. By these means she imagined she had destroyed
all traces of her guilt.
Calnan arrest. -d her yesterday, and after talking to her she confessed
everything and told him where she had hidden the jewelry. Calnan took
her to Devisadero and Waller streets and she pointed out the manhole, and
the jewelry was recovered. She was then taken to the City Prison, where
owing to her youth, she was booked for "a public institution." She Is a big
girl for her age and looks more like is than 14. The two other girls will not
be arrested.
<3> •» •£• ♦$■•?' <£ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦ •s><s><s> <3> <*> •$- $• ■$> -y ■$•<♦><&<£. a. a, ,i, a a a> a. .* .*.
justify the practice, but he said that the
article is less injurious than many sup
pose. He said that several years ago
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
there was a war on among wine dealers
and an attempt was made to injure one of
•the dealers by the claim that his use of
salicylic acid in his wines was injurious
to health, ihe service* of a well-known
chemist were secured by them, and when
he mad,- his report they dropped the mat
ter quickly. It was in substance that a
man would die of alcoholism lung before
the acid would do him injury Mr Mor
gan said that (here is mure' of this add
in one quart of beer than in live gallons
or wme. However, he does not offer this
as a defense for the mistake that has
, happened through the carelessness of the
association tester in passing the lot with
out the usual inspection.
r W -. J - Notchkiss. manager of the Cali
fornia Wine Makers' Corporation is also
much annoyed at what has happened in
M.xlco, not that it affects his institution
directly, but that the publicity of the ac
tion of the officials of Mexico "will work a
great injury to the industry in this State.
j He. too, states that the danger in putting
acid in new wines is more imaginary than
real. !!>• referred to the report of a
wine expert in New Orlenas— the best
market for Callfornla'.s cheap wine?— in
! which the chemist took the position that
; salicylic acid is not injurious to the hu
i man system. In fact, it is highly recom
mended for such complaints as rheuma
tism and kindred ailments. Mr. Hotch
kiss spoke of a recent investigation by
the pure food committee of the local
Board of Health, in which the gentlemen
stated that a certain quantity of this acid
is necessary for the preservation of
catsup to prevent fermentation, and they
claimed that its presence in tin's sauce Is
not injurious to the human system. Mr.
Hotchkiss also mentioned the presence of
salicylic acid in the beer that is imbibed
so freely, and said that one bottle of
Eastern beer contains more salicylic acid
than could be found in a gallon of the
cheapest of wines. He regards the move
on the part of the Mexican officials in the
light of an attempt to blackmail some
body, stating that when a little hush
! money is Wanted all these officials have
to do is to get tile wines examined ami
; hnd a trace of salicylic acid. This is not
' always difficult to do, as in shipping the
i young wines into the warmer country
' something is necessary to keep them from
! spoiling. In France ammonia is used
as freely as the acid complained of in this
i case, and not a few French preservatives
■ find their way into wines sent into this
I country, as well as Mexico.
Failed to Pay Up.
J. Hall. 413 Xatoma street, and his wife
j were arrested yesterday afternoon on a
warrant charging them with felony em
. bezzlement. The complaining witness is
I A. J. Eaton of the Occidental Watch Com
; puny. The Halls state that they bought
some articles from Eaton on the install
j ment plan and made some payments. Sick-
Mi ss Intervened and they had to beg- for
time. This was refused and they were
j thrown into prison.
Hnve You Eczema
Or any skin eruption? Use Smith's Dan
dniP Pomade, 1 1 it- only positive cure.
Price TOe, at all druggists. Sample free.
Address Smith BroAT, Fresno, Oal. *
Bitten by a Dog.
Al lief ret. a grocery boy living- at 1321
Powell street, wraa delivering a parcel at
a house, corner of Polk and Franklin
streets, yesterday Hfternoon when the
owner's dog sprang at him and tore his
left cheek open. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital.
From Chicago, New York, Boston, we
deliver to all DOlnta cresta Blanca wines.
Order Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co.. 410 Post at.. S. F. •
An Insolvent.
lUax G. Franklin, a merchant of this
city, Bled a petition in insolvency yester
day In the united States District Court.
His liabilities are $700u JS. ami he has no
assets.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub laths. .Saltwater direct from ocean.
Put Out of the Way.
F. T.. Breen, who styles himself a
traveling attorney, was yesterday sen
tenced by Justice of the Peace Barry in
Judge Conlan's court to eighteen months
In the County Jail, being six months on
each of three charges of passing fictitious
checks upon saloon keepers and others.
There were about a dozen of his victims
in court.
Advance* made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - - __
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®.®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® 00 ® o®^^0 ®^^
I In every household-Bargains that have helped to lay the foundation of the brightest homes in the city and the surrounding State- ©
© BarJinstha have strewn the life's path of a mighty, multitude of housewives with • boundless joy and contentment-hones bona ®
® fide g genuine monev^saving bargains. These are the characteristics of our business that have elevated us to our unquestionable posi- g
® ion of San Francisco's Greatest Housefurnishers. THIS WEEK'S OFFERINGS are miraculous. @
/Tv . • . . . — — —~~~ /^»
V£l
® .
® You won't buy Furniture from any
® other store after you have seen this
% Parlor Rocker. Oak or mahogany,
0 three styles — saddle seat, cobbler
® seat or upholstered.
1 $10,000 Worth of File
® PARLOR FURNITURE Will Be
® Placed On Sale To-Morrow. i
® THE SALE WILL INCLUDE all of our
0 own special make and designs; also a very
_. large collection of the best makers of fine
® PARLOR FURNITURE in £c country.
® $15.75—PARLOR SUIT, all hand pol-
_ lshed and carved, upholstered in Bilk dam-
® ask. >. • ♦ •"
® $24.75— PARLOR SUIT,, fine inlaid
. back, hand polished, upholstered spring
® seat, assortment of colors.
® $7.00— ROCKER, regular Dutch pattern
r' seat and back— in Gobelin figured tapestry
® —frames are hand carved and hand made,
/y. Very unique and artistic.
$S.OO— GILT PARLOR CHAIR, in real
® Dutch metal leaf— very substantial.
(Si $27.75— LEATHER COUCH, tufted.
w neat, framework or deep leather -fringe,
® for libra or office.
(S\ 91 5.00- COUCH — Our Special — extra
w wide — neat framework, upholstered in
® heavy, durable tapestry.
(i) $S.OO COUCH— a marvel In cheapness,
yet fully guaranteed— upholstered in tap-
® estry or corduroys.
d) $37.50 DAVENPORT, tufted seat and
back, 7 feet long, 3 feet •wide— very luxurt-
® ous.
(ft $S.r>O ROCKERS— large variety of
rockers to be closed out on your choice—
® worth up to great bargains.
(!) $S.OO BOX COUCH— a very useful bed-
J room article; large, roomy box for dresses,
® etc.. etc.
(S\ $:».75 PARLOR cr RECEPTION CHAIR,
w silk damask seats, plain and inlaid backs.
® RATTAN FURNITURE.
,~. 7" RATTAN CHAIRS, samples of the
'*' Wakefleld Rattan Co., all different styles,
{»} worth from J7 00 to $20 00. will be closed
J out for $2.75. $5.50. $«.75 and $«.50.
® \ Very Handsome RATTAN ROCKER.
r^ worth J6 00, will be sold for $M.7.*>.
® RATTAN SETTEES. ' worth $12 00 to
(D $25 00 to be sold for $10.00, $^.5O and
® ~
(i) upen Jt-venings. I Open Evenings. Open Evenings. Open Evenings. w
1^ t£fafff)*'oAfl)\ ££fofff)g:i&B'& ::
I "fm^^i^li^ jM&Wolw£Oj sfUllUol&Htjj /£%siW&££fitfr ,
® r, *^T -—— 0
© ©©©©©©@®®©®®®®®®®®®0 o©©©o©©©©o o©oo©©©©©©©©©©©o©©©©©©©©,©©©©©® ®® ©© ®®®®®®'©
A Model Establishment.
The largest printing and bookbinding
plant of the West is that of the Hicks-
Judd Company at 23 First street, this
| city. The firm occupies the entire Bpace
of five floors, with its immense equip
ment of presses, types and bookbinding
apparatus, and steadily employs 170
hands. This establishment has step by
step made sure and remarkable prog
ress in the past few years by reason of
admirable management and the em
ployment of only thoroughly competent
men. The reputation of the Hicks-Judd
Company rests not alone upon the ex
celence of its work, but upon its
prompt delivery. The largest contracts
are undertaken and pushed through
with a dispatch that at once promotes
the confidence of the customer and in
sures a further business relation. This
I condition is possible, for adequate facil
ities and the most modern equipment
are backed by conscientious effort on
the part of every employe. The firm's
specialties are printing, bookbinding
and blank books. They manufacture
especially a loose leaf ledger that is
universally popular with bookkeepers,
as leaves may be removed or substitut
ed at will. Mr. N. A. Judd Is president
of the company and Mr. C. K. Rosen
berg secretary and treasurer.
Robbed by Two Sailors.
August Baighorn, a cook on the steamer
Pomona, complained to the police yester
day that he had been held up and robbed
in Ills room, 5 Washington street, by two
suilors with whom he had been drinking.
One of them held his hands behind his
back while the other stole his watch and
chain, his gold ring and 95 cents. He was
advised to apply for a warrant for their
arrest, but all the courts were closed, so
be will have to wait till to-morrow morn
ing.
Onyx tables, lamps, shades and globes.
Beautiful Christmas presents at Sunborn
& Vails. •
Kicked Out of Bed.
Mrs. HHen Brodie, wife of James
Brodie. a conductor on the Mission-street
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
- ■
■B+H+H+E+H+Q+H+B+B+n+H+H+B+H+H+n+a+B+H+B+gH
WEAK MEN
/"~X Young or Old,
\- *^«1 Who would speedily regain their former vigor
/ 1/ JZmSt fIC^H should wear
ft PI DR. PIERCFS FAMOUS
l--^3Sy x ELECTRIC BELT AND SUSPENSORY!
W^^UmA\ *° necessary. Electricity does the
MKtSwWi'^wX^i^^ work - Thousands have been cured. Buy no
tWK^MsmRBk belt - /0// see " 0/? - P ' ERCE ' S - "
M'S^Sf^^iWm Ca// 0 ' fAe ofl? « or s*""' 2c in stamps
\«€mlSS!^^l " PAMPHLET No - 2 " Mdress
■ PiERCE electric CO.,
"S^s^lwP 620 Market Street (Opp. p»i»c. Hot»i) San Francisco.
for this >~-~>^^^ ' A?^Sv/t^w\ own fac-
covering. a*— ~ • «_
MORE FURNITURE.
PARLOR BARGAINS.
$31.50 PARLOR SUIT— handsome pieces;
Dutch marquetry backs; upholstered seats in
best damask; piano polish finish.
$37.50 PARLOR SUIT-Solid mahogany:
•best damask covering; solid colors; must be
seen to be appreciated. , :
$4.1 PARLOR SUlT— Solid mahogany; nicely
Inlaid, full-carved backs; upholstered in Bilk
'*'}» PARLOR SUIT— S elegant pieces, hand-
carved and polished; upholstered in fine silk
damask or brocatelle.
SM.SO PARLOR ROCKER- Solid mahogany;
hand polished and very prettily inlaid; fancy-
shaped arms. A GREAT BARGAIN.
HI.-". ROCKER— High, carved back, brace
arm and very finely polished; oak or mahogany
50.75 PARLOR CHAlR— Handsome, Inlaid
back; a very artistic piece or furniture; useful
at- well as ornamental.
$5.25 CHAIR— Belgian oak. saddle seat,
hand carved: only kind ever shown; our own
I special design.
BARGAINS
CARPETS AND RUGS.
1 INGRAIN CARPETS 35c
VELVET CARPETS $1.00
' ROXBURY CARPETS 80c
JAPANESE MATTINGS 150, ISc
BROMLEY'S REVERSIBLE RUGS, 12 feet
long, 9 feet wide $14.25
I BRUSSELS CARPETS 45c
BODY BRUSSELS $1.15
AXMINSTER CARPETS !)5c
11 .1 ~**^™* **— " ' _
ROUND EXTENSION TABLE— Exactly
like cut; highly polished oak; 6-lnch
carved leg $15.25
No ifs — no ands — no whys — no wherefores — 'tis plain,
simple truth — 'tis powerful stock-reducing prices — 'tis ex-
traordinary bargain giving — 'tis forging ahead at a terrific
pace — though phenomenal, cheapest selling.
cars living at 3387 Twenty-fifth street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday for the arrest of her
husband on a charge of battery. She al
leged that her husband has been treating
her cruelly for a long time, and early yes
terday morning when he got home' he
kicked her out of bed and compelled her
to leave the house.
CHINESE PEBJUIIERS.
Judge de Haven Puts Up the Bar 3
Against Hosts of Mongolian
Raiders.
I'nited States District Judge de Haven
renderpd an opinion yesterday which will
be gladly received by the friends of white
labor. It was in the case of Jew Wong
Loy, who sought to obtain admission to
the United States on the ground that he
was born In California. United States
Commissioner Heacock, before whom the
testimony was taken, refused to recom
mend the landing- of the applicant because
he did not believe the witnesses. Judge
de Haven's opinion upholds the recom
mendation of the Commissioner and adds:
"Congress has not enacted mat when
a person of Chinese descent claims to
have been born in the United States he
must establish such fact by testimony
of witnesses other than Chinese. This
omission cannot be supplied by the court,
and therefore Chinese persons are com
petent witnesses in cases of this char
acter, but their credibility is for the court
to determine, and in proceedings like this,
where only this class of witnesses testify
that a Chinese person applying for ad
mission was born in this city, unless the
court Is fully satisfied of the truth of such
testimony its finding should follow the
presumption that a Chinese person com
ing from China and seeking to land in the
United States is an alien and not a native
born citizen of this city."
Reopening of Odd Fellows' Grotto.
The Grotto, corner of Seventh and Market
streets, under the Odd Fellows' building, re
opena Tuesday evening, Uecomber 20, as a first
class restaurant and cafe. A hot stove served,
with every order. •
Postage on the Holiday Edition of
The Call will be: Domestic, 3 cents;
Foreign, 6 cents.
AT Z PRICE.
Another Great Purchase.
5* MORRIS CHAIRS
We have purchased the entire stock of fine
Morris Chairs from one of the largest manu-
facturers In the country. We will place them
on sale, commencing to-morrow morning.
These are NOT SHOP-WORN SAMPLES, but
are all fresh goods, with handsome, loose, re-
versible ■ cushions and seats. The frames are
polished oak and mahogany finish.
The PL OC Worth
Price, vv.Od Double.
MOQUETTE RUGS— 6 feet long. 3 feet
wide $3.75
SHEEPSKIN RUGS — Gray, white and
black, 5 feet long $2.25
FINE COMBINATION FTTR RUGS— Ani-
mal patterns $4 .2,"J
M'Kjuette Rugs, Axminster Rugs. Wilton
Rugs, Smyrna Rugs. Greatest bargains ever
offered-
A FULL-SIZED. DOUBLE IRON BET>—
With white enamel, baked on by furnace prtj-
MM and not painted, with one-inch pillars,
solid cast-brass knobs and mounts, extra
heavy filled; positively worth %ii. Price, spe-
cial $3.50
HOITT'S SCHOOL FOR BOYS, BURLINGAME, CAL.
HOITT'S SCHOOL. FOR BOYS, BURLJNGAME. CAL., REMOVES TO 11KXI.O PARK.
N^«, A l^ ( tV,' n 7J- . THE NEWSPAPERS HAVE HAD FREQUENT OCCASION to
RECORD THE SUCCESS of young men who acquired their education at this excellent
school. The school is limited to fifty boys, and is now removing to the Atherton place, at
Menlo Park, San Mateo County, Cal., as Its permanent home, and reopens January 10.
The location and beautiful surroundings, together with the almost perfect climate at
Menlo, and the careful attention 1 to moral, mental and physical training-, easily place Hoitt'a
among: the foremost schools for. boys on the coast.
j^g£?WSfc N g«| k Improvement the order of the age.
jggggg§gj|g|g|^\ Enormous Sales of
■hSRh^ premiers.
RAPIDLY REPLACING ALL OTHER MAKES.
leading institutions -Everywhere BUYING
— I THEM. .
Southern Pacific Co.; Miller, Sloss & Scott; Baker & Hamilton; Gunnison.
Booth & Bartnett; I. S. Van Winkle; Smith Cash Store; California Wine As-
sociation; Heald's Business College; German Savings and Loan Society;
ilshire. lirison, Wolff & Co.; San Francisco Call; Examiner; Bulletin- Re-
port; Hamburg-Bremen Fire Ins.; Fireman's Fund Ins. Co.; Whitaker ■&
Ray Co.; S.. F. Public Schools; U. S. Navy; U. S. Weather Bureau.
WE RENT NEW TYPEWRITERS— CATALOGUES FREE/
L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery St.
L. DUPRAT
(SUCCESSOR TO A. BAILLYJ,
Curcr and Dealer in
SUGAR-
CURED
HAMS.
Cooked Meats, Bacon, Lard, Smoked
Tongues, Sous:d Pi£s' Feet, Sheep's
Tongues, Sausages, Etc.
Stalls 11-12 California Market.
TELEPHONE iIAIX 1314.
GIF^TS 1
IN- ®
LACE CURTAINS. •
t _ «» — .  '« •;
For Milady's Parlor, Library, Din- %
ing-Room or Chamber v ;
Table Covers, Silk Pillows, Pan- ®
eled Tapestries. , ®
Lace Curtains, Fine Portieres, ®
Flemish Tapestries. 0.
Draperies by the yard for Pillows 0
and Fancy Work at 50c to $50. ' 0
There is nothing- better than pretty LACE W
CURTAINS for Christmas gifts. We have ® •
them, put up in dainty Lavender, Nile (Si
Green and Canary Covered Boxes, for 1, 2, - '
3 and 4 pair lots; very attractive; thou- . 0'
sands of patterns to select from. Second ,-^
floor. 0
20c on Every Dollar Saved by 0
Buying Your Curtains and Por- 0
tieres at Pattosien's. ©'
: —^T- 0
eic A A Worth ®
ePW.P $20.0». •
A grand and useful ornament for the (5)
horne — An exquisitely made COMBINA- _
TION DESK AND BOOKCASE. The en- " 0
tire surplus stock of these cases are in our-
possession, and will be sold at a trifle over W
cost to us. This Christmas bargain 1 ran tie (?)
had only at Sixteenth and Mission" streets. " Z. ■
. 0 :
YOU NEVER SAW SUCH
BEAUTIFUL.
OPERA-GLASSES
AS WE HAVE just
RECEIVED! :7
Opticians kop^^ U
642 Market St. gl
.- chronicle building- •■•^ ■■<-' •. V*
W£^ EMPL OY NO £$£NTX*ADVERTISEMENTS.
PECULIAR POISONS
GENERATED IN THE HUMAN BODY.
The Result of Imperfect Digestion
of Food.
Every living thing, plant or animal,
contains within itself the germs of cer-
tain decay and death.
In the human body these germs of
disease and death (called by scientists
ptomaines), are ually the result of
imperfect digestion of food; the result
of indigestion or dyspepsia.
The stomach, from abuse, weakness,
does nc promptly and thoroughly di-
gest the food. The result is a heavy,
Eodden mass which ferme: ts (the first
process of decay), poisoning the food,
making it thin, weak, and lacking in
red corpuscles; poisoning the brain,
causing headaches and pain in the
eyes.
Bad digestion Irritates the heart,
causing palpitation and finally bring-
ing on disease of this very Important
organ.
Poor digestion poisons the kidneys
causing Bright's disease and diabetes.
And this is so because every organ"
every nerve depends upon the stomach
alone for nourishment and renewal
and weak digestion shows itself not
only in loss of appetite and flesh, but
In weak nerves and muddy complexion
The great English scientist, Huxley'
Bald the best start in life is a sound
stomach. Weak stomachs fail to di-
gest food properly, because they lack
the proper quantity of digestive acids
(lactic and hydrochloric) and pepto-
genic products; the most sensible rem-
edy in all cases of indigestion is to
t?ke, after each meal, one or two of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, because
they supply in a pleasant, harmless
form all the elements that weak stom-
achs lack.
The regular use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure every form of
stomach trouble except cancer of the
stomach.
They increase flesh, insure pure
blood, strong nerves, a bright eye and
•clear complexion, because all these re-
sult only from wholesome food well
digested.
. Nearly all druggists sell Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, at 50 cents full-
sized package, or by mail by enclosing
price to Stuart Company, Marshall,
Mich., but ask your druggist first.
A little book on stomach diseases
mailed free. Address F. A. Stuart
Company. Marshall. Mich.
CANCERT
COXA XT & JOHNSON,
Insurance and Real Estate
Agents,
213 West First street.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec 15, IS9S.
DR. S. R. CHAMLEY.
25 Third st., San Francisco.
Dear Sir: My father was treated by
you for cancer of the face and cured
in three weeks from the first applica-
tion without leaving even a scar. That
was in May 1593. and there has never
been any sign of its return. He has
since enjoyed good health, and is nearly
80 years old. He never lost a meal or
an hour's sleep during the ten days'
treatment. His case is one of a large
number that I knew of your curine dur-
ing the many years that you had your
office in this cltv. I will be glad to an-
swer any inquiries from those inter-
ested in cancers. Trusting you are hav-
ing your usual wonderful success. I am
jours truly, G. G. JOHNSON.
80-PAGE BOOK SENT FREE.
CHOICE i
: xmas jl
j BEEF, for j:
]i HAMS, HOLIDAYS. !;
; BACON, |!
! SPRING lamb, ;
!; All Kinds Sausages. !;
I KATZ I SONS, \
i| DEALERS IN
;! ...Fine Meats... ;
j! CALIFORNIA Telephone !|
|| MARKET. Main 1405. !
mWSGBSSL\ 11 < I ■ JrTiBJ2Ssai
AUCTION
— OF —
Investment, Business, Residence and
Unimproved Property
To be held at our Salesroom
14- Montgomery Street
— ON —
MONDAY DECEMBER 19th, 1898
At 12 o'clock Noon.
POTBERO AVENUE LOTS.
18 boflding lots, Went aide Potrero Are., between 19th
and 20th gtroeti ; one-fifth cash, fcaUcce in one, two,
tt r»- or four annual payments with Interest on th« third
payment at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum.
EXECUTORS' SALE.
E*Ute of A. Cooper, Deceased. Lot and improre-
rc«nU, No 323 South side Washington street, 30 feet
Kut of Battery itreet; nice Xi« fret. Store occupied
a* Restaurant. Property renticc for <C 7.
STOCKTON STREET RESIDENCE.
1913 Stockton «treet,West >ide. SO feet South of Chrst-
nut, two-«tory house of 9 roomi and bath and 2 attic
roomi, bay windows, concrete foundation. *tooe side-
walk, street pared, lot 4Crx6J with the right of continu-
ous use of alley 17: 0160 feet. Mortgage of 92,000 in bank
can remain If desired.
TURK STREET CORNER.
Building lot, S W. cor Turk Street aid Centra! Are.,
27:6x110 feet. Mortgage of (500 In San Francis:*
Barings Union ; can remain If de'ired.
AX A II AN KSTATE.
Administrator's Sale. No. 1410-10^ Harrison street,
between ICth and 11th streets, two flats of Mi and flfa
rooms and basement ; lot 25x75 feet. Sale subject to
•pproTal of Hi- Probate Court.
MISSION CORNER.
To dese an Estate. In subdlrialons, 6 boases In flats
of four room* e«b, 1201. 1203, 1205. 1207. 1209, 1211, 1213
and 1215 Sanchez street, and 3931 and 3933 Twenty-fifth
street. Residence N.E. cor. Clipper and Sanehex street
aiid stable Vacant lot East side of Sanchez, 112 feet
North of Clipper street.
HOWARD STREET BUILDING LOT.
Choice lot 4fixl33 fact. South-east me Howard Street,
'165 feet 3S incces S K. of Thirteenth street.
For further particular;; apply at our office
O. 11. UMIJSKN & CO., Auctioneers
14 Montgomery Street
QV3 O OO OOOOOOOOOOOOQ
Jw PALACE "-""S
tGRAND"<±ZMkS%
Z BAH FRANCIBCO. ft
Z. Connected by a covered passageway. *"
IP MOO Rooms— POO With Bath Attached. «
D All Under One Management. Q
ft HOTS THE FKIC3B: Q
. Z EH»w*a Plan.fl.OO P«r &*7 »oa ujrwmrd a
D Irrwnlwin Plan .63.00 per day and upward VI
ft . Correspondence Solicited. Q
P /OSH 0. KIBOA7EIOZ. lusfM. Q
Sjqjs g o g o a 0 a?a.£.a.Q slaao \
THE ALHAMBRA
ABOUT TO BE
DISPOSED OF
Orpheum Company
May Soon Own It.
NEGOTIATIONS NOW PENDING
SHORT HISTORY OF THE THEA
TER'S METEORIC CAREER.
Experience of a Number of Well-
Known Business Men Who Lost
Money by Entering Into
an Unknown Field.
Within the present month the Orpheum
management will probably add another
playhouse to its already large collection.
Negotiations have been in progress dur
ing the past week between Mr. Meyer
feldt of the Walter Orpheum Company
and A. Ruef, attorney for the stockhold
ers in the Alhambra Theater Company,
with a view to consummating a deal.
Deeds and other legal documents neces
sary to the transaction have been pre
pared and nothing remains but the signa
tures of the parties interested to close the
transfer. Sf
Mr. Meyerfeldt admitted that such ne
gotiations were pending, but was unable
to say what the Orpheum people intended
doing with the theater. He denied the
rumor that the company proposed to gain
possession of the Alhambra for the pur
pose of preventing vaudeville perform
ances being given In it.
The Alhambra"s life was a short but
meteoric one. Great expense was incur
red by the corporation that controlled it
to make it one of the prettiest and cozi
est playhouses in town. It was opened
on September 3, to a overflow house and
closed a month later to empty benches.
Thousands of dollars were lost in an en
deavor to outshine its nuted rival, but
with poor success.
William J. Rostetter, Koster & Bial's
leader of twelve years, was imported
from New York to handle the orchestra
and special agents were sent everywhere
to engage the best talent. Rosy induce
ments were offered "stars," and transpor
tation was telegraphed them. After ac
cepting engagements at the practically
unknown house, the fiigrhty "stars" were
deterred from filling them by stories of
empty houses from those of the profes
sion who had appeared there.
The dollars in the coffers of the corpo
ration dwindled and a halt was called.
"Abe" Ruef, whose one share gave him
the right to act as a director as well as
attorney, out of goodness of heart for
his unfortunate clients, came to their as
sistance with his own private funds.
Even the money expended by him could
not bring relief to the theater and on Oc
tober 23, a little over a month after its
initial performance, *the Alhambra closed
its doors.
The stnekhoMer? boast that on the
evening the theater closed over $4000 was
used in settling the salaries of artists and
employes. The Alhambra Theater Com
pany w.is incorporated with the following:
well-known business men of this city
as principal stockholders: S. J. Levy, T.
P. \Voodward. L. A. Rea. A. E. Oshorne,
N. Sles.«ing-er ami Dr. de Kan^t. Twenty
five thousand shares were disposed of at
$10 a share and a few hundred local resi
dents purchased stock.
In the event that the Walter Orpheum
Prudent
Piano
Purchasers
don't want to buy an ex-
periment. Maybe un-
known makers of recent
growth can give you a
reliable instrument, but
the chances ; are . they
can't. Purchase a Byron
Mauzy and you take no
risk. It is. a recognized
make. Warranted ten
years by the maker
BYRON MAUZY,
308-312 POST ST.
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS' PRICE.
ypZo Per
C O Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon. ■-
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
302 Market St., Cor. Front, S.F.
Moet &
Cbcmdon
(Largest and Oldest Champagne
House in the World).
WHITE SEAL (Grande Cuvee) is
unsurpassed in quality, dryness and
flavor.— NEW YORK TIMES. j
gffi^V PP"*^ K&£g|
RAIMVAYS'S BEADY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as a i
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron- ;
chitis, Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia, i
Headache, Toothache and all pains. Internally
lor Malaria and ail Bowel Pains. All druggist*, j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
Company purchases the Alhambra, the
stockholders' loss will be lessened. A3
the building now stands it is a white ele
phant on their hands.
CAPTAIN NETTXLS' NEMESIS.
Mrs. Elsie Williams and Myron
Azhderian Sentenced to Peni
tentiary.
L'nless the Supreme Court intervenes
Elsie Williams and Myron Azhderian,
convicted of having extorted money from
j Captain W. E. Nevills, the millionaire
! mine owner and vineyardist, must go to
the pentitentiary. Yesterday morning
Judge Cook refused to grant the prison
ers a new trial, and sentenced Mrs. \YII
j Hams to five years in San Quentin, while
I Azhderian was given a like term in Fol
j som.
When the Jury announced its verdict
j finding Mrs. Williams and Azhderian
: guilty it recommended the former to the
mercy of the court. Judge Cook refused
to consider the recommendation of the
, Jury, however, on the ground that she
j was equally as guilty as Azhderian, and
! he saw no reason why she should suffer
! less. An exception was taken to the order
denying a new trial, and ten days' stay
of execution was granted. In the mean
time an appeal will be taken to the Su
preme Court, and without doubt the pris
oners will remain in the jail of this coun
ty until that tribunal has finally passed
j upon the judgment of the lower court.
Court frequenters expected a sensation
| when Mrs. Williams, in obedience to an
order of court, stood up to receive sen-
I tence. In answer to the question of the
I court as to whether she had anything to
i pay beidxe sentence was passed, Mrs. Wil
liams mildly said:
"Nevills told me he would spend $100,000
to send me across the bay, and I guess he
has done it."
This closed the incident, and the crowd
! wandered out in search of more excite
i ment - ___________
A RATTLING GAME
ON CHRISTMAS DAYj
EIVAL ELEVENS TO BATTLE FOli
SUPREMACY.
Company H, L. C. C, and the Golden
Gates to Play at the Presidio
Athletic Grounds, Bain
or Shine.
On Christmas day two League of the
Cross Cadet teams will line up in a foot
ball game, which promises to be second
only In importance and interest to the
college game on Thanksgiving. The game
will be played at the Presidio Athletic
Grounds, and is scheduled to begin at 2
o'clock p. m.
The interest taken in this last gams
of the series exceeds that of 1897. The
members and friends of the organization
will attend in large numbers. Company
cries and articles of every description that
will make a noise are being prepared for
this auspicious day.
Company H's team has a splendid rec
ord of victories gained during '97 and the
present season. Its fine showing aerainst
the big Stanford team shortly before
Thanksgiving proved that its members
are clever exponents of the game.
Coach Cross of the cardinal team com
plimented the showing made by the league
representatives.
The Golden Gates, which at one time
played under the auspices of Company C,
has also a strong collection of players,
and its team work is admirable. Great
rivalry exists between the teams, and the
contest will be a stirring one. Both elev
ens are practicing daily with a view to
carrying uff a victory.
The Lf-ague of the Cross band will grace
the occasion and discourse music during
the game.
The line-up will be as follolws:
i Y.mpany H. Position. Golden Gates.
D. Ahem Lr-Knd— R Lamey
Atkinson L— Tackle— R Smith
Leary or McDonald or
Edmlnster ti— Guard— R McNevln
Noel Center Daly
•WMers P.— <;uard— L. Mullnix
Whalen R— Tackle— L H ashes
T. Ahem R— End— L TV. O'Brien
F. P. Marlsoh Quarter C. Regan (C.)
Moreno Forward J. O'Brien
Erlenhelm (C.) L— Half— R Hanson
Cal Kwlne R— Half— L Mahoney
- 18, Company H— Beasley, Keenan, Svet
nich, Hellen.
THE NATIONAL GUARD.
A Bill Will Be Offered in the Legisla
ture to Reorganize on the New
York Plan.
It has been practically determined to
allow those members of the National
Guard who were not accepted in the vol
unteer service to remain in their respec
tive companies without undergoing a
physical examination, as it was proposed
about two months ago they should. That
being the case it is thought that these,
with those new men who have been exam
ined, and the members of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers who it is expected will
return within ninety days, who may want
to return to the companies from which
they enlisted, there will be enough to
re-establish the First Regiment of In
fantry at its maximum strength. But
of this there Is no certainty, a& It Is not
known what percentage of the veterans
of Manila will want to again bear arms
for the State. As the matter stands at
this time, it looks very much as if noth
ing will be done until the volunteers re
turn.
There are many of our Natloal Guards
men, who, anxious to see their former
comrades in arms once more, are at a
loss to understand the statement attrib
uted to General Meikeljohn of the War
Denartment to the effect that the volun
teers cannot be returned to San Francisco
for want of transports on the Pacific side,
and that they will have to remain at Ma
nila until the transports which are to
carry the regulars to that point reach
there by way of the Suez Canal. This is
thought strange, when it is known that
the Indiana, Newport, Pennsylvania, Ohio
and other transports are idle in the bay
of Manila. Why those vessels are no"t
used in sending some of the men back to
this city is the mystery.
During the past week the board of sur
geons held a meeting to examine men for
the guard and they had but a very slim
attendance of candidates.
A petition has' been presented for the
organization of a troop of cavalry at Sac
ramento. There are sixty names on it.
A petition has also been presented for an
Infantry company to be located at Wood
land to take the place of Company F
At the approaching session of the Legis
lature there will be presented a bill look- i
ing to the reorganization of the guard
of this State on the lines of the law that I
was adopted a short time ago in the State
of New York. Should that be passed it I
will effect many changes, one of the prin
cipal ones being the reduction of staff
officers. In New York it was decided that
In the past the guard had been top heavy
with gold lace, stars and eagles and that
the need' of the guard was less show and
more of the practical.
A matter that will be strongly urged
will be that of the State owning its own
armories. It is claimed that the present
system of renting armories is a very ex
pensive one and that if the State should
decide to have its own places of rendez
vous for the soldiers, it would in the end
be a great saving and the money now
used for rents could be expended "to ad
vantage in other directions in connection
with the efficiency of the guard.
Wardens and Vestrymen Elected.
The annual election of wardens and ves
trymen of St. John's Episcopal Church
resulted as follows: Judge F. "W. Van
Reynegom, senior warden; F. H. Eich
baum Junior warden; vestrymen— James
Rolph Jr., B. McKinnie, F. L. Southack
Henry F. Williams. E. D. Bullard, H. Mc-
Murray, Joseph I>. King. Dr. G. S. Becker
and W. \V. Peck. Judge F. W. Van Rey
negom, F. H. Eichbaum, Major B. Mc-
Kinnie, F. L. Southack and E. D. Bullard
were chosen as delegates for the diocesan
convention to be held next month.
Lake Tahoe Railway.
Articles of incorporation of the Lake
Tahoe Railway and Transportation Com
pany were filed yesterday. The company
purposes building and maintaining a nar
row gauge railroad from Truckee along
the Truckee River to Tahoe City, Placer
County. The capital stock of the corpo
ration is $200,000, of which $15,000 has
been subscribed. The directors are: D.
L. Bliss and W. D. Tohey of Carson City,
Nevada, and N. K. Master, F. I. Kendall,
C. T. Bliss. W. D. Bliss and W. S. Bliss
of this city.
TALE OF A POODLE
AND A BACHELOR
A Most Touching Story of Madame Rosa
lie's Famous Pet Canine.
r\ BACHELOR and a poodle— the oppressor and the oppressed—
LA bo closely allied that the story of the bachelor is patchy and in-
P complete without the history of the poodle, and the result 13
* a tale of modern progress surpassing in splendor the wondrous
fabrication of Scheherezade, of Arabian Nights fame. The tale
dates back to the early fifties. Then the poodle was the sole and only
figure in the romance. The Bachelor is a latter-day adjunct.
On Washington street, the fashionable promenade of youthful
San Francisco, was situated the Rotisserie Parlsienne, where gour
mets most did congregate, to tickle their palate with Mme. Rosa
lie's excellent cuisine, the choice vintages of her cellar and incident
ally to feed her pet poodle with dainty tid-bits.
The Poodle soon became one of the sights of the fast-grrowinar
city. A visit to town was but a sorry and incomplete affair without
a call upon the Poodle, and in a short time his fame
became part and parcel of the establishment over which his
mistress presided. Those were busy days. Time was literally
money, and the time consumed in knotting up the United States
tongue to say Rotisserie Parisienne was just so many valuable mo
ments wasted. It was then that the sagacious Poodle asserted his
personality and tne high-toned establishment that he so graced was
referred to as the place where "the poodle dog" lived.
Years passed and Mme. Rosalie's, keeping in touch with the pro
gress of the times, moved up town, to "elegant quarters" on Bush
street, opposite the California Theater. The famous Poodle died,
and though his name became synonymous for all the good things that
the earth yields, no epitaph was written to his memory. Proprietors
came and went, but the "Poodle Dog" remained.
It is at this point that the Bachelor— most finicky of mortals
made his appearance. He came on with a soliloquy in which he de
plored the little, unpretentious, wooden structure in which he was
obliged— if he woulw dine well— to take his meals; demanded that
"iron stone china" give way to "Haviland," that his wine be poured
in finest crystal and his soup and vegetables be served in silver
dishes. The Bachelor's sentiments were the sentiments of the pro
gress of this fin de siecle, and again the "Poodle Dog" changed
quarters, this time moving into the heart of the city in a magnifi
cent brick building, especially erected for its use, designed by Wil
liam Mooser and son, a building where the tables are turned and the
Bachelor is King and the "Poodle Dog" a memory.
Yesterday the elegant establishment at the junction of Eddy and
Mason streets was thrown open to the public. The same proprietors,
Blanco and Brun, greeted their many patrons, the same chef con
cocted the dishes that have become famous throughout the land, but
otherwise everything was changed. Luxurious comfort replaced or
dinary ease, and artistic elegance, inartistic commonplaces.
The ground floor of the building is given over to the public res
taurant—and the poodle. It Is an artistic monument to the famed
canine, and his picture, done in oils, smiles down, in many ai.J various
poses, from the ceiling with its exquisite pictorial art achievement,
from above the brocade-upholstered wall panels, from the Moorish
lamp that lights the entrance, and even from the exquisite faience
that forms the entire restaurant table service. On the second floor
where the "private" diners will luxuriate in exquisite apartments,
covered with carpets from far Eastern looms, and with walls hung
with canvases from famous brushes, the poodle is in abeyance. Only
the spirit of him is over it all.
As in the dining room, so in the sumptuous banquet hall, in white
and gold and rose garlanded like a salon in the time of the great
Louis, Mme. Rosalie's do* is lost to sight. No poodle heads dis
turb the dainty symmetry of the walls, the grandeur of the music loft
nor the Oriental picturesqueness of the Japanese ladies' retiring room
with its wondrous Oriental furnishings and quaint hangings. In the
two middle floors the bachelor lords it all. That is where he reigns su
preme in "bachelor apartments" where none but he may tread and
where every allurement is spread to wean him gently from all
thought of matrimony. His suite is furnished in all the elegance that
art can suggest and money provide. Rare canvases adorn his
walls, choice bits of bric-a-brac are scattered about to woo his eye.
flowers bloom in his broad, low. richly-curtained He has
his piano and his telephone. In fact, all the Bachelor has to do is to
touch the button and the "Poodle Dog" does the rest.
CONTRACTORS OF THE
POODLE-DOG BUILDING
G. Orsi & Co., Painters.
One of the attractive features of the
Poodle Dog building is the fresco paint
ing, decorating and polishing, per
formed by the firm of G. Orsi & Co.,
paint and oil dealers, located at 17 New
Montgomery street. The work done by
this firm throughout the building is
strictly first class and is greatly ad
mired. The firm is well known and in
consequence its business is quite ex
tensive, not only in San Francisco but
other leading towns in the State.
An Expert Contractor.
Mr. Moore, the superintendent of con
struction of the
building, has been
In the contract
business since he
was a boy, his fath
er being -a large
con tr actor in
bridge building,
etc., in England.
He came to Califor
nia a number of
years ago and went
into business with
his brother under
the name of Moore
Bros., laying side
walks, building
bulkheads, steps and foundations, but
is now in business for himself.
Mr. Moore has the reputation of be
ing an expert in the construction of
walls and floors for keeping cellars per
fectly dry. His office and residence is
2109 Scott street.
Forderer Cornice Works.
The metal roofing and cornice work
of the building was supplied by the
Forderer Cornice Works, located at 10
Natoma street. This concern, of which
Joseph F. Forderer Is president and
! manager, was established twenty-four
years ago and Is well known to archi-
I tects and builders. Among the leading
i buildings which testify to Its first-class
| work are the Holbrook, Sherwood, Ori
ental. Union, Eagle and Wells-Fargo
blocks.
orsi
Wills Filed for Probate.
An authenticated copy of the will of
Ralph Moore, who died at Glasgow, Scot
land, November 14, was filed for "robate
in this city yesterday. The testator left
a valuable estate In Scotland, and prop
erty in this city valued at JSOOO. All the
heirs are residents of Scotland. The will
of Isabel Devia, who died Ocober 9, leav
ing property valued at $1500, was also
filed. The estate is devised In equal
shares to Percy Davis, Jeaootte Hoy and
Caroline I. Kerrick, children of the teata
tri*-
John G. Us & Co.
The culinary department of the build
ing, to which special attention was
given, was fitted up by the well-known
establishment of John G. Us & Co.. 814
816 Kearny street. An equipment espe
cially constructed for the building was
introduced, and it is complete in every
respect. The kitchen has been provided
with a double front "Us" French range
and a four-foot broiler stand. Above
hangs a massive canopy to carry off
all the odors of cooking. A decided im
provement are the large plate warmers
and the steam Bain Marie pans fitted
in the kitchen tables. The kitchen for
the banquet room is also provided with
a large range and broiler, and in the
bakery an improved brick oven has
been built. Electric power is employed
in the manufacture of ice cream and in
the operation of the knife cleaner.
The firm of John G. Us & Co. is fully
capable to carry out every contract and
employs a large force of skilled work
men.
Expanded Metal Work-
The first floor of the new building Is
laid with the fire-proof metal supplied
by the Western Expanded Metal Com
pany, whose offices are in rooms 414-15
16, Claus Spreckels building. The lath
ing and partitions are also of the same
material. The firm are manufacturing
In this city on a large scale and have
supplied many notable buildings In all
parts of the State with their fire-proof
production. The expanded metal sys
tem has been adopted by the Govern
ment and is specified by all leading
architects.
Decorators.
The Interior decoration of the Poodle
Dog Restaurant was done by the fresco
painting firm of Moretti & Trezzini, 62
Flood building 1 . Their work can be seen
In St. Ignatius, St. Mary's and St. Pe
ter's churches of this city and In the
Hobart and Hopkins residences.
Postag-e on the Holiday Edition of
The Call will be: Domestic, 3 cents;
Foreign, 6 cents.
"Biology of th« Skeleton."
"The Biology of the Skeleton" will be
the subject of a lecture at the Academy
of Sciences to-morrow night. Dr. O. P.
Jenkins, profeseor of physiology at Stan
ford, will be the speaker. The public are
Invited.
McGreevy Not Dead.
The name of the man asphyxiated in a
lodging-house on Ninth street waa J. C.
Barkhausen, instead of Thomas Mc-
Greevy. Mr. McGreevy, who reported the
case to the Coroner, is very much alive.
®©®®®©©©©©©©©©©©®© © © © © © © ©"© © © © © © © © © ©
! CITY OF Jjjll PARIS I
1 DRY POOPS COMPANY. ®
1 CLOAK AH SUIT DEPARTMENT I
<»■ . - - — — ©
% GREAT HOLIDAY OFFERING |
® ...0F... ®
i High Grade Ladies' Tailor Hade Suits 1
© » — — — ®
® 50 Suits, with double-breasted 6-button English Walking Sacques. ®
® 50 Suits, with double-breasted tight-fitting Jackets, in black, navy, mixed ®
® blue, green, tan and brown, Venetian twill, Victoria flounced skirt, at ®
® £18. 00. ®
® ' ' Regular price $22. 50. ®
® We will also offer a limited quantity of Cheviot Suits, skirt and jacket ?
® in black, blue, brown, green and gray. ffi
® With plain skirts. $21.00 ®
® With flounce skirts $22.50 '©
® Regular price $25 and $27. 50. ®
® ALL OUR SUITS ARE NOTED FOR HIGH-GRADE FINISH AND PERFECT FIT. ©
* • Country Orders Carefully and Promptly Attended To.
® STORE OPEN EVERY EVENING '. ®
0 UNTIL CHRISTMAS. ®
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 1
® SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. ®
® UNION SQUARE. ®
®®®vi)®®®®®®® ®-® ®®@®®®®®®®®®©®®®®®®®®®
« flHmffflMiranff mmtir vm vs w ma mama mi wmm
m iff.
•it Iff
ii? . Iff
Iff • Iff
Iff Iff
nr , ' if
iff ir
iff. i f
iff , i r
♦O*o^O<S>O<^O*o'«>O«>O*O<^o^o"4>o*O*o<J>o^O4o* f
Iff ° ° ■ f
lv I ♦ If
nr ! In;
1 L o As the United States has o }{
.a o demonstrated its ability to be £ Ji
(ii § regarded a power of the first °, ■ a
• f <» magnitude so has the UNITED * ■ •
| STATES LAUNDRY, by its pro- ♦ |f
| ' '_; o gpessiveness, stepped to the © | f
ft 1 i '■--' ' *^"v" v <i* ' Ass
T f O front in laundering. o f f
■ • <» ji
1 o Modern appliances are neces- 9 ■ If
iff. sary if a high grade of work % h ?
£ sary if a high grade of work %
■ J-I ♦ is desired. We are continually ♦ ft
' - ♦ is desired. We arc continually ♦
'" ° d in h ° "flf
i • Z adopting such. ' ,
••• o Collars and cuffs if afflicted o I 9
I I •■'- o with "saw-edges" are a discom- . O: : • •
I L x ■ ♦ 'I
iff % fort . I IF
ttf I Through the outlay of con- %
It ° • siderable money, and a littlo ♦ flf
♦ • siderable money, and a little ♦
ro ° ■ ■
* forethought, we have secured ♦ If
■<■■ j£. ' ■' x * ft 0
I JoJ o the exclusive use of a patented o ' '
... o device for removing "saw- O J J
it* 2 edges." It costs our patrons % ...
■If «. nothing. . 2 ll m •
! iTf o i- o TtF
; 111 ♦- We can.be found through Tele- ♦ Nt
jff o Phones South 418 and 420, or, $ fl :
WoW o otherwise, at 1004 Market street, o Iff
aea ♦ ■ ♦ J.L
Iff £ near Powell. § o ff? •
iff ! >:: ! flf
J f 2 ' i ; ' © Iff
1? $ I
I O ; ■ ■ .-- •■:•.■■ o |M ■
ITf Iff
nr nr
nr n
nr nr
.w ' Iff
nr . nr
nr w
nr nr
iffffrffrfffwwfffnfwmwnfnfwwfflwfffiffiffifffflfflfffffliir
nriffiffiffiffnriffiffiffnriffiffiffiffiffnriffnrnriffnriffiffiffiffnr
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|kk Steamers leave Broadway
irTu^ wharf, San Francisco:
'•"<?«8^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
t^Kjg^ Dec. t, 7. 12, 17, Z2. 27. Jan. 1.
HkNaima change at Seattle. - ,
sfiSsSVt W For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
EyiiV^iJfTl C), Port Townsend. Seattle,
r^^wiK^H Tacoma, Everett, Anacortea
i "^«BMM and New Whatcom (Wash.).
. rT* 10 a. m., Dec. i, 7, 12, 17, ».
n Jan 1. and every fifth day thereafter,.
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
fMaska and Q. N. Ry at •facoma to N. P.
Uv at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. . . .
B For Kureka (Humboldt Bay). Ip. m. Dec
I 10, 15, M. 25. 10. Jan. 4. and «Tery fifth day
1 For^Sant* Cms. Monterey. Baa 81maoa.
Cayucos Port Harford (Ban Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota.' Santa Barbara. j Ventura, Hueneme
Ran Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
■Newport 9 am.. Dec. I. 7 11 15. 19? 2J. 17. a.
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). - 11 a.
m Dec. 1. S. 9. 13. 17. 11.. 25, 29. Jan. 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos* del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Pat, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Me*.), 10 a. ■ m., Dec. 17, JanV
II ' -•'■■■' ' ■
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
g,r>^ t-~nr« nt Mfilnr.
WICKET OmCE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Afrts.,
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
COOK'S TOURS
—TO—
HAWAII
January 25, February 8, 22, March 5 and 22.
; FARES $150 and $235.
; All expenses Included: first-class throughout.
Programmes free of THOS. COOK & SON..
621 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnis Generale Transatlantique.
(French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS .^-^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday 4<tPxf\
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42. HonhSmMMhti
River, foot ■of Morton street. •
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec '4
LA NORMANDIR Dec 31
LA OASCOGNE Jan 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan ii
First-class to Havre. $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowlin* Green, New York
J. F. FUGAZI St CO., Pacific Coast Ar«nt«. i
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
THE 0. R, & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
:r > .O-Et.TIjA-N > 13
From Spear-street Wharf at 19 a. m.
PA DC Si 2 First Class Include* Berths
rAnt $8 Second Class and Meals?
COLUMBIA sail* ......;... ...... ..Dec. It. M
6TATE OF CAL. sails Dec 7» 1» a
, Bhort Un« to Walla Walla. Spokane, 'Butte.
Helena and all point* In th« Northwest
Through tickets to all points Eaat. urioweal -
E. C. WARD. General Arent,
GOODALi, PERKINS (30 Market atrnnt- '
GOODATJ* FERKINB & CO..
■■■-•■■■ Superintendents.
lIP HBII A The S. S. ALAMEDA
sallB via Honolulu and
l^fc Auckland for Sydney
■ ■^~~~\. Wednesday. December
G^II^P,, sails' '■for Honoium ■
nU*WedneBday.n U*Wedne8day. January
*j^»f/wi*^ jj IS g< )j at 2p. m
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
_.,,•., ..... ....... ...... n4 Montgomery at.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER ' STEAMERS.
Steamer "Mopticello."
Mon., Tuea.. Wed., Thura. and Sat
9:46 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p.- m. ex. Tnura.).
Friday 5......... 1 P- m. and 8:30 p. m.
8unday5. ..;......'.;: ,10:30. a. im. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier S.
Telephone Mala 160 S.
4344
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th» San . Francisco
Call, corner cl Market and Third streets, open
Until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
torner Clay; open until 9:JO o'clock. -
if" Hayes street; open until D:3O o'clock.
621 McAllister street; tipen until 9:80 o'clock.
€16 Lsrkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner (sixteenth; open
Until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
I'5J6 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
KW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
(HI lit II NOTICES.
BT. PAUL'S Episcopal, California St., near
Flllmore— Holy communion 7:30 a. m. Sun-
day school, 9:30 a. m. Morning prayer, con-
tinuation service and sermon by the Rt. Rev.
' William Ford Nichols, D.D.. Bishop of Cali-
fornia, at 11 o'clock. Evening service at 7:30.
Sermon by the rector, Rev. W. M. Rellly.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts.— George C. Adams, D.D.,
j.,i:-i. r, will preach at 11 a. m. Theme, "A
.Sanctified Home"; 7:30 p. m., Rev. George C. j
Neednam. the well known evangelist, will
preach. All are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st., ;
, near Webster — Services to-day at 11 a m. and \
7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at 5:30 a. m. Rev. '
F. B. Cherlngton, D.D., pastor, will preach
morning and evening. Morning subject, I
"Some Lrssons From Forefathers' Day";
evening subject. "Sin of Knowing and Not
Doing, or Sinning by Default." The public
cordially invited.
'CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion St., bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Subject,
11 a. m., "Peculiar People"; at 7:30 p. m..
"Our Christmas Jesus Enshrined in Art."
Sunday school, I p. m.; R. V. Watt, super-
intendent. All seats free. Everybody in-
vited. Music led by chorus choir. J. J. Mor-
ris, choir master, Class meetings are held
each bath at 9 30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m.,
and Thursday at 7:45 p. m. Midweek prayer
and praise service, Wednesday evening.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Ness
aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev. Robert Mo -
kenzie, D.D.. pa tor. Rev. Edwin H. Jenks,
co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preaca at 11
•a. m.. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. m.
Sunday school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E.
at 6:15 p. m. All are welcome.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 223 Suiter St., between Kearny and
Grant aye. — Christian Science Bible lessons,
11 a. m. and 7:4. p. m. . Subject, morning, "Is
the Universe, Including Man, Evolved by
Atomic Force?" Evening, "The Captivity of
Judah." Sunday school for children, 11 a. m.
Testimonial meeting Wednesday evening at 8
o'clock. All are welcome.
FIRST Divine Science Church— E. Cramer,
pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. Subject,
"Practical Helps In the Everyday Walks of j
Life." Services every Sunday in Yosemite
Hall, Native Sons' building. Mason St., bet.
Geary, and Post. Take elevator.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 820
Post St.— Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
This church was organized by command of
God to proclaim . the restored gospel. Rev.
14:6, 7; "To be preached In all the world as a
sign of the coming of Jesus Christ in glory,"
Matt. 24:14; strangers Invited; C. A. Parkin,
pastor.
THE Strangers' Sabbath Home, Howard-st.
M. E. Church, 643 Howard st., between
Second and Third; John A. B. Wilson. D.D.,
pastor; residence by the church; telephone
black 661. 11 a. m., "The Fullness of Time.
Why Did Jesus Appear at the Time He
Came?" 7:3:'. "The Waters of Life"; after- j
meeting: special music, anthems, duet by the '
Misses Whittington, soprano solo by Miss
Mabel Perkins; gospel wagon work, 3-6:20;
young people's rally, 6:30-7:20; seats free: all
always welcome. On Christmas day William
Pruette, the marvelous barytone, will sing
two numbers. Gifts of clothing, provisions
or money will be received at the church next
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— Sunday at 3 o'clock, mass-meeting
for men only; address by the noted Irish
evangelist, George C. Needham, on "King
Solomon's Blunders"; all young men wel-
come Mr. Needham will conduct Bible read-
Ings at the Association building every after-
noon this week at 3 o'clock, except Saturday,
to which the public is invited. Mrs. Need-
ham will address a meeting for women only
this afternoon at 3 at the First Congrega-
tional Church. Post and Mason sts., to which
all women are Invited.
THEOSOPHICAL Society— Public lectures every
Sunday evening at v o'clock in Odd Fellows'
building. To-night, "The Dawn Of Conscious-
ness." by Dr. James Beard. Special exer-
cises Christmas day at 8 p. m. by the Cliil-
rtren'B Lotus Circle.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister,
Sunday, Dec. IS, at 7:30 p. m. : speaker, Mrs.
R. S. Lillie; subject, "Wrecks Along the
Shore"; admission, 10 cents.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society, 909 Market:
11. 2, 8 p. m.: Mrs. Sealey, Barclay, Gilling-
ham, Handee-Rogers, Tuesday, 123S Howard,
8 p. m. ; Wednesday, 335 McAllister, 8 p. m.
SUNDAY night platform— Dr. York speaks at
Lower Scottish Hall, Larkin st., this even-
ing on "How to Be Happy"; voluntary col-
lection.
JOHN SLATER, spiritual medium; test se-
ances to-night at 8 sharp. Hall 909 Market
st.: admission 10c; come early.
ATTEND KATIE HEUSSMAN'S test meeting
to-night: messages to all; 10c 641 Jessie
St., off Seventh.
TEST circle to-night; every one gets a test;
positive proof of spirit return. LEANDER,
313 Eddy «t.
VIBRATIONS applied to movements; demon-
strations. PROF. KING, 7:45 p. m., 236 Pow-
, ell st,; free.
! AT 8 p. m.. Mrs. Eberhardt's last test meeting.
Excelsior Hall, Mission, bet. 19th, 20th; 10c.
MRS. IRENE SMITH; meeting to-night: 1261
Jefferson, Oakland; palmistry readings daily.
TEST healing meeting. 8 p. m.. 10c; 335 McAl-
lister; Stltt, Bird. Nita, Hargrave. others.
C. V. MILLER'S etherlalizing materializing
seance, 8 p. m., 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
TEST circle, 2 and ?p. m.. 1346 Market; Mrs.
Mary Evens; readings daily; tests to all.
WME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night.
. 10c. 605 McAllister St.; come, skeptics.
MRS. MAME FRANCIS, independent slate-
wrlting medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. DREW holds free test meeting to-night;
909 Market St.: convincing tests.
MEETING NOTICES.
■ CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. -;\j"MU/-;
O. F., members are requested to J^f'StsiS-
meet In Memorial Hall. SUN-
1 DAY, December IS. ]&..« at 1 -'w/nvJ 1"*1 "*
i o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
i brother, Mark M. Dugan.
| - HENRY LUKE. N. G.
! CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. >jt**W^i».
, O. O. F.— lnitiation MONDAY 4sSJSkS&
EVENING, December 19. '^Ss ( <J«SPas^
; ■ H. LUKE, N. G. •^ilv?"*
VETERAN ODD FELLOWS— At- <smmu,
tend funeral of Veteran M. M. Sj&ss£t<Z.
DUGAN. at I. O. O. F. Hall,
, SUNDAY, December IS, at 2 "" <5? "
; o'clock p. m. WM. H. BARNES, Sec.
M I A NTONO MA H Tribe No. 9. lm~~^m t ~
proved Order of Red Men— Chiefs VWJHk*
. and members are requested to at- HaEKf
tend the funeral of our late brother. W. A.
ADAMS, from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post St..
MONDAY. December 19. at 1 o'clock, p. m.
.;{'■ M. A. CLARK. Sachem.
M. LEISEN. C. of R. Pro Tern.
6T. ANDREW'S Society— Members A O\,
are invited to attend the funeral 3L CLjn
of the late JAMES -ULLIVAN, S^Xe*
at Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin St., TO- *"«5*
DAY (SUNDAY) at 2:30.
JAMES S. WEBSTER, President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary. ..
! TICKETS for the banquet of the . r* v,
■ Caledonian Club may be had at 718 3V, Jjif)
Golden Gate aye.
JOHN REID, Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL HANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at Its bar.<-
Ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10, 1899
at 3:15 o'clock p. m.. for the election of di-
. rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
•ome before the meeting.
. • , D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary
Ban Francisco, December 9. 189?.
. A LOAN can be had on your piano without re-
, moval, or we will buy it. UNCLE HARRIS
15 Grant aye., near Market st. '
SPECIAL NOTICES^ ~
A LIBERAL Offer— All dresses brought to
Fourth St.. the 19th. 20th and 21st. will be cut
and fitted free of charge by MRS. HAMIL-
TON.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made-
■city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
■ROOMS, papered from $3; whitened, $l up;
painting- done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d Bt.
•. - DIVIDEND NOTICES. . ~
BTviJDElJD^lvaUce^Dlvl^
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
.the company. 327 Market, st., on and after
" .Tuesday, Dec. 20, ■ 'is**. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday Dec 14..1595, at 3 o'clock
' p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secrrtnry.
TO LEASE. ~~
FURNISHED hotel In Benlcla: 2 minutes'
walk to Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural
Works. Apply American Hotel, Benlcla, Cal.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES'.— For first-class reliable help call at
LEON ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton.
REFINED middle-aged lady desires position as
housekeeper or attendant companion for lady;
good nurse; city or country. Address A. C,
482 Geary St. -
RESPONSIBLE woman wishes position as
working housekeeper. Call at 1787 McAllister.
LADY .-ould like few more engagements: old
furs a. id si alettes made into the latest styles.
Box 676, Call office. ■
WANTED— By a young woman, position as wet
nurse; best of references. Box 510, Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent Protestant
■woman In private family; good cook; will do j
housework in small family. Call 6SI Geary.
WOMAN wishes an infant to wet nurse. For
further information call at 318 Duncan St.
GERMAN woman wishes to go out by the day,
washing, Ironing, cleaning. 4!' Rausch St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
CANADIAN woman would like a position as
chambermaid or second girl. Address box ;
702, call office.
NURSE— Widow, unencumbered and experi-
enced In nursing children, wishes for Jan. 1 •
or before, to take care of infant in fin.: !
American family: city or country. Addrebs
box 71!'. Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged Swedish woman,
good plain cook, small family, or chamber
work. i~',", "■ Natoma. No postals.
DRESSMAKER, perfect fitter, neat worker,
will go out very reasonable or work home;
dresses made over like new. 654. Geary.
COMPETENT seamstress wants position; best
of references; terms reasonable; hotel or
lodging house preferred. MRS. D. M., 18
Lloyd st.
LADY from the East wishes situation as
housekeeper in small family of adults; city
or country. Address box 707, Call office. ■
RESPECTABLE woman wishes position -to
take care of child or do any kind of light
work: must go home at night: no wages re-
quired. Box 74, Call office. Oakland.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day:
references If required. 810 O'Farrell st.
DRESSMAKER from East, first-class cutter
and fitter, goes out by the day: makes suit in
one day. 22 Octavia St.. near Market.
LADY wishes a position as housekeeper in
hotel or institution; reference. Address box
725, Call office.
LAUNDRESS would like position in private
family; first-class references. Box 704, Call
office, Oakland.
NURSE who thoroughly understands care of
children and infants wants situation. Box
409. Call office. Oakland.
ELDERLY woman wants light housework; is
a good cook; has good references; country
preferred. - 7 Van Ness aye.
I NURSE with hospital experience would like
situation. Box 307, Call office, Oakland.
ALL the consideration and respect shown to
ladies who are temporarily embarrassed at
UNCLE HA-RRIS', 15 Grant aye.. nr. Market.
WANTED By a young lady, position In store,
office, bakery or bookbindery. Call or address
471% Tehama st.
GERMAN girl (lately arrived) wishes position
in small family. Call between 2 and 4 or
after 7 p. m.. 408 Thirteenth st.
RESPONSIBLE young woman would like a
position of trust in office, establishment or
private correspondent or companion to invalid
lady: Is a good penman; situation must be in
Sonoma County. Address by letter only, MISS
DELLA M., Petaluma, Sonoma County, Cal.
| CHEAPEST and best in America- The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for ' CO, postage
paid. ■
SITUATIONS XV ANTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel; Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. '414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 428.
BOY 17, to learn trade of any kind: been In
plumbing 10 mo. ; willing, obliging. 311 Taylor.
GOOD ornamentor on cakes wishes situation.
Address box 695, Call office.
COMPETENT man desires position . as land-
scape gardener; experienced in stock and
poultry raising, fruit, etc., or char^a of gen-
tleman's place; highest references. Address
box 663, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position of any kind; can
give references and security. Address box
721, Call office.
SITUATION wanted, man and wife; no better
people to work farm and care for stock; al-
ways reliable; wife very neat; Americans.
Box 703. Call.
YOUNG man, carpenter by trade, would like to
get any other steady position in wholesale
house, where services of a responsible and
honest man Is required; can give bonds. Call
or address barber shop, 552 Mission st.
YOUNG man willing to work would like situ-
ation of any kind; good penman. Box 722, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wishes a situation
as steward or cashier: the best of references
and security can be given. Box 71S. Call.
MARRIED man wants work as porter In hotel
or saloon: is a good oyster and salad man;
best of references. Address E. MEYERS,
200 Turk st.
CARPENTER wants work at repairing old
work or making new. Address Carpenter,
box 664. Call office.
DRUG clerk; registered and graduate; 6 years'
experience; good salesman. Box 663, Call.
MAN of 40, sober and reliable, wishes any
kind of work. Box 662, Call.
BOY wants work with a carpenter; six months'
experience. Box 659, Call office.
DO you desire an experienced commercial
traveler in California and Oregon? Groceries,
tobacco and cigars preferred; familiar with
routes. Address box 658. Call office.
WANTED — To go anywhere from San Fran-
cisco, by a mechanic, carpenter, ship Joiner
and millwright; understands plans thorough-
ly. Address. box 712, Call office.
POSITION as assistant bartender by young
man of some experience; best of references.
Address box 666, Call office.
BUTLER wishes situation in private family;
best city references. A. M. C, box 51, Call.
BUTLER wishes situation in private family;
best city references. Box 667, Call office.
MARRIED man would like a position in pri-
vate family; any kind of work; handy with
tools. 1608 Pacific aye.
JAPANESE, honest, schoolboy, wants a po-
sition; understands English. Box 660, Call.
JAPANESE wants a position; any kind of.
work. Address 533 Dupont st.
VALET., intelligent Japanese, neat and trust-
worthy, peeks position; references; speaks and
writes fair English. Address KIMY. 725
Geary st.
CARPENTER, cabinet maker, first-class me-
chanic, wants situation. Call or address 120
Valley st.
YOUNG man wants situation in private place;
' understands horses and cows; good reference.
Address box 727. Call.
SITUATION wanted by first-claws well digger;
has first-class experience in quicksand. Ap-
ply 139 Fourth -St.
JAPANESE young- boy wants position as school
boy; wages no limit. Address K. KODA, 423
Stevenson st. ■ ,<
JAPANESE young boy wants position as' school
boy or housework. Address G. S. MATSUDA.
423 Stevenson st. ' "
JAPANESE young boy wants position as school
boy; wages no object. K. KODA, 423 Ste-
venson st.
YOUNG man, florist, wishes situation. Box
' 728, Call.
ALL who intend to go to the country can store
their sealskins, silverware, piano or valu-
ables for safe keeping till they return, receiv-
i ing a loan as well, from UNCLE HARRIS, 16
Grant aye., near Market st.
POSITION by a first-class coachman; best of
reference. Box 742, Call.
COMPETENT machinist with mining cxperl-
enee, sober and reliable, • would hear from
party In need of his services. E. N., 330 6th.
BOOKKEEPER open for engagement at once;
Al- references. E. H. M., 947 Poplar St., Oak-
land. .. ' - ■
EXPERIENCED German gardener and coach-
• man, age 33, desires situation; city or coun-
try. Address box 601, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to 1160 night; $1 60 to $1
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALK.
r^ATr^E^S^sTc7ty^id^omiu : yTl2Tmid M 72^
3 chambermaids for Southern California, 20 ;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20; 4 lunch and
dinner waitresses, $20; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $5; 2 lunch waitresses, 60c. C. R.
HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
25 COOKS and houseglrls for city and country,
$15 to $25; 20 young girls to assist, $12 to $15.
, C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. .
WAITRESS, country hotel; fare paid; girls for
housework, country, $20. MURRAY &
READY!. 634-636 Clay St.
PLEASANT . work for ladles or gentlemen; we
I will lend you a camera tree, and pay you for
the pictures you take; no canvassing or paint-
ing; no experience needed: addressed envelope
for samples and prices paid. Colonial Maga-
■ rine, 106 Park Row. N. Y.
. WE can furnish profitable employment to ladles
selling Zava, Samoan cure for female weak-
nesses; particulars free. Gard's Samoan
Company, S3 Fifth aye., Chicago. ' ' '
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
HELP WA.WED- Continued.
LADIES everywhere Ito mail - circulars, sam-
ples and copy letters at home. Reply with
stamped env. Peerless Co., South Bend, Ind.
OPERATORS wanted on shirts. 109 Battery
St., upstairs. ■ ' , ..',
SALESLADIES wanted— 3 bright, smart girls
to sell furnishing goods; those with experi-
ence preferred. • Apply Sunday a. m. to
SUMMERFIELD & ROMAN, cor. Fifth and
Market Kts.
LADIES earn $8 per week working at home:
no canvassing; inclose self-addressed stamped
envelope, STANDARD NOVELTY CO., 101
Beekman St., New York City.
GIRL for plain cooking and housework; 4 in
family; no washing. 2161 Central aye., Ala-
nieua.
GIRL for general housework; 2 adults and
child. Apply Sunday at 1718 Page st.
OPERATORS on ladles' waists; experienced
and steady workers only. NEWBAUER
BROS., 18 First st. J
LADIES in country towns; plain sewiner at
home; good wages; 4 months' work guaran-
teed. For particulars send stamped addressed
envelope Home Work Co., box 661. Call, S. F.
TOBACCO strippers wanted at FRAHM &
FRANKENBERG'S, 316 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers; state wages; ref-
erences. Apply box 642, Call.
GOOD finisher on pants. Call 033 Market St.,
10 to 11 Monday.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; refer-
ences required. 13 Scott st.
WOMAN or girl for general housework and
cooking and washing for 3 in family; wages
$12 to $15. Call 9 to 12, 779 Clayton at.
HOUSEKEEPER— French or Scotch preferred.
Box 656, Call office.
YOUNG, experienced infant's nurse; must have
best of references. Apply 2340 Washington
St.. between 9 arid 10 a. m.
LADIES— Do not fail to visit the largest and
best-conducted dressmaking and millinery
school in America; we tench the celebrated
McDowell garment-drafting machine, late
improvement, that received the highest
awards and medals at all the fairs; our sys-
tem is used by the finest dressmakers in Eu-
rope and America; easy payments; unlimited
lessons; all are invited to inspect our school;
patterns cut to order, 25c up. McDowell
Dressmaking and Millnery School, 103 Post.
LADIES to embroider; good-paying easy work
sent to your home; addressed envelope for
sample and materials. Empire Embroidery
Works, 23 Duane St., New York City:
OPERATORS on white shirts; all new high .
speed machines; also finishers on flannel over-
shirts. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36^4 Fremont.
GIRL for light housework. Call between 8 and
9 o'clock at 440 Ashbury St., near Oak.
$2 OR $100 to loan on your watch at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye., near Market St.
WANTED— Energetic ladies. 513 Taylor St.,
from 10:30 a. m. to 1:30 p. m
LEARN sewing at KEISTER TAILORING
COLLEGE; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
, LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns, 2.'« c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 CO a year. .
HELP -WANTED— MALM.
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
: Want— 7 a. m. Monday
60 woodchoppers $1 and 70c cord
25 tie makers Be, 9c and 10c each
4 men to dig potatoes —
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS Bakers Waiters
6 cooks $50, $40, $35 and $30
Baker, city shop $35 and found
Waiters, dishwashers, elevator boy, etc.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
RESTAURANT chef, $100; confectioner and
pastry cook who understands French pastry
and ices, $65 to $75; head waiter, $60; all for
a restaurant north; see party here; pantry-
man, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— 2O first-class clothing and furnish-
ing goods salesmen. Apply this morning,
THE BALDWIN CLOTHIERS, 924 to 930
Market st.
LABORERS and teamsters, mountain road;
ship Monday night. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
SHIP for Skacuay Thursday, Dec. 22, $12 50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
JOHN CLIFFORD, formerly Rt St. Joseph's
Academy, Oakland, call or send address to
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
WANTED— Working foreman for mine, $3 day;
machinist for country, and others. Apply to
; J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento st.
YOUNG or middle-aged man to travel In this
and nearby counties; permanent position;
salary $60 a mo. and ex.'; good chance for ad-
vancement. Shepp, 1031 Chestnut St., Phil., Pa.
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
any civil service examination without seeing
our Illustrated catalogue of information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
$15 TO $30 a week and expenses paid to sell ci-
gars: experience unnecessary; extra Induce-
ments. The W. L. KLINE CO., St. Louis,
Mo.
BOY wanted— Must speak German. Call Mon-
day, 235 Kearny st.
4 BOYS. Call early Monday, 506 Market st.,
room 2.
HANDY man around machinery. Apply 23
Powell St.. bet. 9 and 10 Monday.
CARPENTER for ship, also blacksmith, at
HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
YOUNG man knowing city to make crisps and
candy. 1906 Central aye., Monday.
BOY wanted to go errands for tailor. 935 Mar-
ket St., room 16; call between 10 and 11 to-day.
LADIES . and gents to take work home,; good
wages; no experience necessary. 136 Sixth St.,
room 2.
WANTED— First-class bushelman. Apply Sun-
day morning to SUMMERFIELD & ROMAN,
cor. Fifth and Market sts.
COATMAKER, short distance In country. Ap-
ply from S to 10, 308 Sixth st.
WANTED— services of a flrat-class painter
in exchange for rent. Address W., Call office
Oakland.
QUICK clerk who understands stenography;
state salary wanted. J. C. E. & CO., General
Postoffice.
TO go to-day— 3oo , pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged, Vs, prloe. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and Second sts. Open Sundays.
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 35
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For Information ap-
ply to recruiting officer, 425 Montgomery st
San Francisco, Cal.
MANAGER— Good business manager with $1300
for Oakland; active man or woman with
this amount will learn of an opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start; Investi-
gate. NO VITA COMPANY, 79 Dearborn st
Chicago.
WANTED— Reliable men and women In every
town to work for us-; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay
send us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address Srmndard Art
Mfg. Co.. . 142 West Twenty-thli« St.. New
York City, room A.
HOTEL man; must be a first-class bookkeeper;
state experience, references and wares ex-
pected. Address box 743, Call office.
$100,000,000 TO loan on bonds, stock, real estate
Roods In warehouse and In bond, or on valu-
ables of all kinds at 15 Grant aye., near Mar-
ket St., UNCLE HARRIS.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 largo
, rooms. 25c per nlgl.t; «1 to $3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States
or those who have legally declared their In-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
actor and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 6 feet 5 Inches
and 6 feet In height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— At Montana House, 784 Mission
St.. men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1541
Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 138K Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.
TRY Llndell House. Sixth and Howard . sts. ;
thoroughly renovated; 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms. 15c, 20c, 25c per night; 76c $1
to $2 50 per wk. Eleho House, 883V4 Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters coast
Australia, Europe. : HERMAN'S,. 2« Steuart.
BARBERS' Progi«esive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 304 7th; tel. Jessie 1164. :
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutler st.
SAILORS and ordinary • seamen .wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large,' sunny and airy
room, 2f>c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. _.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket:, 200 rooms. lac night; readlnur room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry..
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— "S. 5.." guaranteed 'to ex-
terminate and drive away every rat and
mouse from any house or place within 3 days;
not poison, nor will it kill or harm anything
but rats and mice; greatest money maker
ever handled by agents; boys and girls make
$12 to $15 weekly; write quick for terms and
territory; we also want hustlers to take State
agency. S. S. MFG. CO., Chicago, 111. .
LARGE Insurance office desires city agent hav-
ing good connections and controlling busi-
ness; sa,lary paid. Box 724. 43.* California st.
ROOMS WANTED. .
2 YOUNG gentlemen desire suite of furnished
rooms with congenial surroundings. Address
box 643. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOM and board by middle-aged lady in pri-
vate family; state terms. Box "05, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED to rent— register. Address,
With description, H. H. TODD. Alameda.
USE of bitch to raise suckling pups. Apply
r sal on, 143 Fifth st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A BEAUTIFUL Hardman; used few months
only; a great opportunity. The J. DEWING
CO., sole agents Hardman piano, second
floor. Flood building.'
i A FINE practically new Chickering upright;
; carefully selected by the owners at the Chick -
erlnsr factory; sacrificed Immediately on ac-
count of loss of business. See ot at once at
room 12, Flood building.
A MAGNIFICENT new Hallet & Davis piano
will be sold at once to best offer. Room 12,
Flood building.
1 WANTED— puchase a good upright piano.
Room IS, Flood building.
AT $5 50 PER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright .$295 00
Stelnway upright........ 187 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano. j
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis St., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$." "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
pts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. '
A FINE List of Bargains in Good Uprights
This Week Only:
Weber . : $ 50
Steinway 150
Fit her (Sacrificed)
Hemme & Long, ami others very cheap.
Open evenings until 8:30.
GARDNER & GLASSELL. 216 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all. grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
_^ __^^____ _
A FEW Bargains Until Christmas Only:
Sterling piano; rosewood case $190
Royal piano; oak case 197
•Miller piano, rosewood case ....198
$6 per month: guaranteed 5 years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell st.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains in pianos and musical merchandise;
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
A STEINWAY. $175; Steck, $150; Estcy, $225;
Fischer, $!!>0; Weber, $200; easy payments;
pianos rented $1 50 up; rent allowed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House, 204 Post st.
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento St., agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co., Boston.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, 1818 Market st.
BARGAIN: banjo and case: new; cost $60; for
$25. Varnish Co.. 533 Mission st.
BEAUTIFUL "Estey" organ, cost $175, for $35.
Address 2006 A Howard.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 216
Post st.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chickering upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
$150— FINE Stelnway; great bargain. SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES Bros." and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLTCR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham nlnep.
HORSES.
FOR Sale— Pair of well matched standard bred
and very fast bay trotters, with buggy and
harness, complete: fine road team for a gen-
tleman. Address 8., 220 Montgomery aye.
60 HORSES of ever,- description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia st., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc., at your own price.
to HORSES for pale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, *27 Sixth: auction sales every Wednai-
day SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GENTLE black mare, top buggy harness, eta. ;
cheap; suitable for lady. 1031 McAllister St.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engine?, 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 196-197 Fremont St.
MASTIFF pups, at Rose Cottage, Maple Court,
off Fourteenth st., . between > Guerrero and
Dolores^ •
PUPPY for Christmas; beautiful cocker span-
iels; finest prize-winning stock. 2026 Bush.
DOMESTIC sewing- machine, 5 drawers, good
order, cheap. 1915 Mission st., near Fifteenth.
A— l4-CARAT gold stem-winding Am. watch,
$25; worth $60. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
ONE square grand piano; fine tone: ■ parties
leaving for Seattle. Apply 1011 Alabama st.
HALL'S safe, new, with inside door, 42x28x28,
cheap. 544 Mission St.
FOX terrier pups, the finest. St. George Ken-
nels, 120 Douglass st., bet. 17th and ISth.
GOOD seven-year-old horse, sound and gentle,
for sale, at 2024 Mission st. .
DOUBLE cylinder 5 h. p. gas engine. In good
running order. 648 Mission st.
NEW sealskin sacque. Apply M. L., box 4SB,
Call office. '
.
PICTURE framing with glass, now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches, 10c; 10x12, 15c; 12x16,
20c: 14x17. 25c: 16x20. 30c: 18x22. 35c; 20x24, 45c;
22x28. COc; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings. 16c: room molding, all
colors, lc per foot: colored pictures, studies,
etc. 3 for 10c. JONES. 647 Mission st. be-
tween First and. Second; open evenings.
COST $1200; diamond solitaire earrings; prlca
$580. .
Cost $360: diamond crescent, 69 stones; price
$480.
8 diamond rings, $130. 90 and $65.
New. Arlington. 1015 Market st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
FOURTEEN nice Shetland ponies for sale at
J. D. HORAN'S Stock Yard, corner Tenth
and Bryant sts. ; among them are several
nicely mated teams and ponies, suitable for
saddle.
BEAUTIFUL diamond bracelet, cost $350; also
solitaire diamond ring, cheap. 43 Sixth st.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. - H. L. WHITE, .616 Mission st.
SAFES— The. Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
■ 423 Sacramento st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
PETALUMA and Stockton incubator: : 300 and
, 240 eggs; brooder; $40 "outfit. 2805 Folsom st.
40,000 FEET redwood boards: second-hand lum-
ber. Ist and Jessie. Yard 15th and Valencia.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p.,: $100; 2 h. p., $125;
t h. p., $150; 4 hp., $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
SIX ho-sepower Zenith gas engine; nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co., 619 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands. " cheap. '
HTTFPCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SEWING MACHINES.
FOR sale, cheap— loo Singer and Wheeler &
Wilson second-hand sewing machines. In-
qulre at 14-16 Battery st. .
NEW high-arm Singer, cost ' $55, . for $25. Ad-
dress 2006 A Howard st. '. '\ ...
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold,.' exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. :
PERSONALS.
CHRISTMAS DINNERS will be" more appre-
ciated and enjoyed if you have provided your
table with Riechers' Grocery Specialties;
best mince pies from selected home-made
mincemeat, 12'jc lb; best London Layer Rai-
sins, "5 crown," 12Vic lb; new mixed nuts. 2
lbs. 25c; Gordon & Dllworth Plum Pudding,
25c; imp. French (Marsell & Co.) sardines,
12H-C can; our best flour. $1 sack; finest French
Prunes, 21 lbs, $1; finest Table Wines and
Liquors; trading stamps given. F. W.
RIECHERS, 601 Larkin st., corner Eddy;
tel. East 185.
CHRISTMAS SPECIALTIES— Christmas
dinner will not be complete without Atmore's
Plum Puddings; 2 lbs. 45c; finest layer raisins.
10c rb; new mixed nuts, 2 lbs 25c; walnuts,
10c lb: best Stockton flour, 95c sack; best Java
and Mocha coffee, 30c lt>; specialty— best
brands butter; Premium' Star Creamery, 45c
square; good butter, 35c square; Elgin Cr., 25c
. lt»; choice ranch eggs, 35c dozen; trading
i stamps given. J. LILIENTHAL, 444 Van
Ness aye., corner McAllister St.; 2763 Bush,
corner Baker; telephone. Jessie 71.
WEAK BYES AND POOR SIGHT Affects the
Brain and Mind. i
CUT THIS OUT— It will entitle the holder to
a free examination and a discount of $3 on a
SOLID GOLD pair of eye glasses, scientifi-
cally fitted by George Mayerle, Expert Opti-
cian German Optical Institute (charter mem-
ber American Association of Opticians),
1071^2 Market St., near Seventh., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. See City Directory. Send for cir-
culars. Excellent glasses for presents.
HAVING studied dermatology for years, will
take a few private patients, guaranteeing to
remove wrinkles, superfluous I hair and all
skin blemishes, develop the bust and round
out hollow cheeks and necks; one free treat- 1
ment to each customer for thirty days; this
appears but once; appointments by letter
only. PROF. LILLIAN DUDLEY, 318 Jones.
■-' ■. ' ■"" I
LAXATIVE LIVER LOZENGES. 
A pleasant, palative purgative; sure cure for
all Bilious Disorders, Dyspepsia, " Headache,
Constipation and all deranged conditions of
the Liver. Price, 25c, by mail. WESTERN
PHARMACY, 139 Powell St., San Francisco.
ARE YOU BALD?
We guarantee to grow hair on bald head.* in
90 days; restore gray hair to Its original color
In 4 months; stop hair falling out in 1 week;
cure dandruff, eczema and parasites; all
forms of scalp diseases a specialty; no pay
until satisfied; remedy sent to all parts of
the country prepaid; open Sundays, 10 a. m.
to 32:30 p. m. THE HIRSUITINE CO., St.
Ann's building, rooms 34-41. 6 Eddy st.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla is the one tonic that
helps hair that is thin or falling out; 35c bot-
tle; try It. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St.
LEDERER, the hairdresser, has but one price.
25c, for a la mode, styles; LEDE-RER'S
FOAMO, 6c package; use no other; switches,
$1 up; open Sundays and holidays, 9 to 12.
123 Stockton st.
SANTA CLAUS wig, whiskers and eyebrows, 75
cents, post paid; illustrated catalogue of
Wigs, Plays, Tricks and Novelties free. ("has.
Marshall, Manufacturer, Lockport, N. Y.
DR. MORSE, eye specialist, formerly at 303
Eddy St.. has. moved to room 402, Parrott
block, over Emporium.
HAIR Doctor's Remedy cures. Information for
stamp. CARTER, 1152 Franklin, Oakland;
here 17 years.
JOSEPH GREVEN, instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly $2, ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting before Christmas accepted.
Rms. 121-122 Murphy bldg., Jones and Market.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. in hank or chain, at lowest
rate«. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's:
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present; stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co., 118 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms;
25c to $160 per night; $160 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANX CO.. Sl3 Butter.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS. ■■'/-
LATEST style dreeses made, $5 to $6; dresses
made over. 3 Eddy St., rooms 14 and 15.
BAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market: men and women teachers.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly, of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
cafe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 610 Eddy St., between
Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); 6afe and
- sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladies — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratcice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self -cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute' cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box, sent free by mail
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution— Before purchasing
elsewhere write us. \
NEW prooess sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or Instruments used; con- <
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; cure $5.
By the well-known ladles physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.
POPPER. 318 Kearny st. . ___
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases' of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; no instruments used: guaranteed cure
nt office, $5: travelers helped Instantly: hours
9 a. m. to C p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
AILMENTS— LadIes in trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints; no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance: cure. $5. Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A Mkt.,bct. Jones & City Hall ay.
LADlES— Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved immedate-
ly; call or write; confidential. 102SH Market.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay St.;
$1 60. Bend 2c stamp for circulars to SEOU-
RO MFG. CO.. 631 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.: don't delay until too lato.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland Cal.
ELLEN DEAN MOORE. M.D.— Offices, resi-
dence, private home for Invalids, lying In
department. 2200 Shattuck aye.. Berkeley.
Telephone Red 721. Office hours, 2 to 4.
MRS. ACIJARD, midwife: pleasant, sunny
home In confinement. 156 Second st. Tele-
phone Green M.
Bellevue Sanitarium— Ladles cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevue live.. Los Angeles.
LOST.
LOST— Small brown Pomeranian bitch; suit-
able reward for information or whereabouts
or return of same to DR. C. A. YOUNGER
300 Stockton, cor. Post.
ON Dec. 14. from Powell. to Market, to Valencia
to ■ Twenty-fourth . st., a box containing ac-
count books and dry fruits; liberal reward
Address box 709, Call office.
DIAMOND horseshoe scarfpln; liberal reward
■ for return or information of same. Bo* 697,
Call office. :
SUNDAY at ferry, Scotch terrier an»wfrliiK
name Muggle; nickel-plated collar; reward.
623 Golden Gate aye.
LOST— By employing true gentlemen nt UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.. near Market »t . (i.,.
surety Is given that the most sensitive lady
will receive the "kindest treatment; prtv«t«
entrance and private rooms.
BICYCLES.
EXTRA fine pointer dog pup; 9 months old;
will exchange for bicycle or chickens or sell.
-. JONES. v»", Market st. -
___^ J__ i-*\tOll?> IK),
SCIENTWTC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR
room JF^ Phelan building; third floor.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION 1 . -": ... -...■• ;
Truth Tells and Parlors Crowded.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The Celebrated Queen Trance Medium.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
If marriage, sickness, deaths, changes, trav-
els, divorces, separations, , law suits, business
transactions, wills, deeds, mortgages, lost or
absent friends interest you, it you desire to De
more successful, If you desire to have your do-
mestic troubles removed, your lost love return-
ed, your bitterest enemies converted intostancn
friends— in a word, whatever may be your
troubles suspicions or desires, call on tnis
gifted woman and she will send you away
happier, wiser and bolder than ever before.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has no rival in her profession and stands
without an equal before the public. Thou-
sands who visited her and tested her won-
derful power are singing her praise through-
out the land and is
Recognized by Press and Public Everywhere.
Egyptian Talismans and Their Power.
The genuine apply to either sex. They pos-
sess magnetic power that attracts; the
weaker power is irresistibly drawn to the
stronger. We all know that any magnetized
piece of eteel will pick up a needle or a knite
by the blade. The Egyptian Charm magne-
tizes the body and controls the mind of one
person to do the bidding of the other. The
lady or gentleman (as the case may be) hav-
ing the most magnetism will seek its affin-
ity, and while a lady may be able to draw
many gentlemen to her the one she loves win
remain distant. Why? Simply because she
has not sufficient magnetic power to draw
him to her.
THE MESMERIC CHARM
Supplies the power, and a epeedy union Is
the result. It is perfectly safe and harmless
in its workings. It causes happy marriages,
removes coldness and indifference between
husband and wife. Lovers find in the charm
a secret and confidential agency, working for
their mutual interests and producing results
so pleasing and gratifying they are profuse
In Its praise. Scores who have consulted
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Consider her advice and assistance most val-
uable. She has made fortunes for many,
finding for them through her power of second
sight investments that returned them great
profit. Many married couples who heretofore
have quarreled and led miserable lives are
now united and living contented and nappy.
Drinking husbands have been reformed and
reclaimed and restored to their families. Ab-
sent friends have been found; wayward girls
have been shown the folly of their ways and
started in the path of obedience and duty,
and a moral reformation has restored their
social standing In their community. All
these things are of daily occurrence right in
the heart of a great city.
LETTERS COME POURING IN
From all parts of the world, involving ques-
tions of great import and complexity, and
every , reply Is most gratifying. To the
troubled and unhappy her advice is sooth-
ing and beneficial, giving them that peace of
mind that wealth nor power can produce.
Men of the world consult her upon matters
of business and speculation, snorting men
upon games of chance. Even ministers of the
gospel send for her wonderful Egyptian
Charm, and marvel at her power.
MRS.. DR. A. D. HOWE
Is the only clairvoyant in the Western World
who thoroughly understands the preparation
and working of the real Oriental Egyptian
Charms. Her truthful reading of the past,
present and future continues to be the source
of great pleasure and profit to all her many
patrons.
Come all who suffer and be healed; come all
speculators and be 'advised: come all lovers
and win your idol; come all broken-hearted
wives; come all who are in trouble and learn
to bless this wonderful medium, the greatest
prophetess now in America.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Should not be classed among the many cheap
pretenders who Infest the city and bring dis-
repute to the profession. Madame's parlors
are visited by business men of good repute,
anxious for reliable Information us to the out-
come of future Investments and by ladles of
high social standing.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cive
all diseases on earth; consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures
which she has made are the talk of the whole
Slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
healthy without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mail- is
always most successful and satisfactory, and
all correspondence is I kept sacredly confiden-
tial. Address or call ~ ■•■ • --- : --
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. "
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
Cut this out. Appears Sunday only.
N. When writing mention The Call.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and psychometrist. box 118, Oakland. Cal.,
diagnoses disease by mail without symptoms
required, from lock of hair; 5 2-cent stamps;
rock from mines read, $2 50; life readings by
mall, $2 50.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated tranca
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MADAME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader
and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. 1150 Mis-
sion st.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this week: satisfaction guaranteed. 234% 6th.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2pm-
Mon., 8; 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
$100,000 TO loan on safes and articles of every
description at UNCLE HARRIS', . 15 Grant
aye., near Market st.
CIiAIKVOYAirra.
KNOWLEDGE OF THE FUTURE
IS POWER
FOR THE PRESENT.
YOUR FUTURE FORETOLD
BY THE QUEEN OF PROPHETS,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN SAN
FRANCISCO. .
HONEST, FEARLESS AND CAPABLE.
She fully realizes the responsible position in
which her remarkable gift places her and will
exert herself to the uttermost to please and
benefit her patrons.
. If you are In doubt that she can and will
perform all she claims, feel yourself invited
to call and she will give you more substantial
proof of her ' marvelous power than you have
ever before received from mortal. Do not fall
to see her If you are interested in the affairs
of life; if marriage, sickness, deaths, changes,
travels, divorces, separations, lawsuits, busi-
ness transactions, wills, deeds and mortgages,
lost or stolen property, hidden treasures, lost
or absent friends Interest you; if you care to
know what you should do to be successful,
where you should go arid whom to avoid
when to buy and sell stocks, etc., in a word
whatever may. be your trouble, suspicions or
desires, call on this gifted woman and she
will send you away happier. wiser and bolder
than ever before; she advises you with a cer-
tainty by a higher than human power as to
the proper course to pursue in life; her de-
scriptions of your friends and enemies are as
real as though . they stood before you; call
and test the madam to your heart's content
and you will depart . thoroughly satisfied that
there is at least one reliable medium now in
your midst. Hour?. 10 a. m. to sp. m strict
MRS. DR. F. CLARK
Should not be classed with the many cheaD
pretenders and impostors that come and ko
in every great city. After being located for
twenty-eight months in one place she has
been forced by the Increase of her callers to
remove to more commodious • parlors ■ where
her callers may have absolute privacy. She
is now permanently located at 1023% Market
st., between Sixth and Seventh. Hours 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.
N. B.— Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by
mall. Send stamp for circular, with special
terms to .
MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
1023% Market St.
Between Sixth and Seventh Sts.,
. San Francisco, Cal. V" : -
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader-
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th. rm. 10.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission, nr. Bth.
MME MOREaTt, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth
street. • .^. . . .
Mm. Hopkins, tr. medium, rdgs daily, $1; clr-
<•!«•« rues, eve., 25c. 322 S. Spring. Los Angeles.
MMX. I>U. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro- ;
t<-xi"lim. has removed to 218 Stockton st.
MM! 1 It a VENA— -ads life fluently; business
h.lvWt; names given; r,c up. 5 Fourth st.
MMX MYHILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
_? ntl s picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell : st.
Mlta. H. BAUMANN, the well-known : fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
' HYPNOTISM V-
COLLEGE Suggestive Therapeutics, 805 Larkin
st., San Francisco— Diseases and habits cured
. at .the college ;by suggestion: occult: science
taught; hours, to suit pupil; Tuesday evening
- clinic free: ■ experienced - teachers and prac-
titioners. DR. S. TURMAN. • ,
BUSINESS CHANCES. , 1
9~Sf~GOULD & CO., 632 Market st.. oldest
and most reliable firm in : this line in th» <
city, have for sale the following: %
A—sl6oo;A — $1600; grocery and bar; best location in,
Mission; 3 living rooms; stable; low rent; fins
stock; good trade; stock will invoice fully
price asked; thorough Investigation.
$100; groceries and liquors; living rooms;
must sell; really worth Investigating.
$350; candy route over 5 counties; team
and wagon; well-established trade; clearing
now net $75 per month. 1
A— $1100; bakery and delicacies; old-estab- /$
llshed business; tine trade; large stock; will
trade for good rooming-house or sell either
department separate: investigation solicited.
A— Bargains in cigar stands; $125, $150.
A— sl4so; meat market and fruit stand; cuts
up 5 beeves. 2 calves, 35 sheep per week; 2
horses, 2 wagons; all cash trade; thorough
trial solicited. '
A— KREDO & C 0.... 22% Geary at
Real Estate and Business Chances.
Grocery and bar; value in stock.
Grocery and bar; Third St.; snap.
Grocery and bar; a real bargain.
KREDO & CO., ' -'
Saloon; cor. Market; receipts $75 dally,
$200— Saloon; corner; near cattle market.
22% Geary st.
Cigar stand; clears $100 monthly.
$175 — Cigar stand: $10 daily.
■ KREDO & CO.
A— slso; COFFEE and lunch; $15 daily; must
sell; other business. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
$500 — GROCERY store; . north of Market st. ;
liquors by the bottle: stock worth the money.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
$325— CANDY and Ice cream parlor and deli-
cacy store: a bargain on account of departure.
Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
— COFFEE and chop house; a bargain. Mo- j
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market St. _ '■
$100-PARTNER wanted In exclusive business; ;
$12 to $18 a week each. WESTERN INVEST-
MENT CO., 8 Geary St.
$400— PARTNER wanted in light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help; business long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no expe-
rience required; trial given; $1S to $30 a week
each. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st.
M. W. MOON & CO., formerly the National "
Agency at 7 Grant aye. , are now located at
1008 - Market st. and have buyers to invest
In any legitimate business; parties willing to
sell give us a call. I
$500 — CANDY store, factory, and Ice cream par- j
lors; the best town in State; will teach thi»
buyer the business. H. C. DECKER. 1020
Market st.
$200— DELICACY branch bakery, notions; ona
nicest little places in city, doing fine business;
3 living rooms. ■ JONES, 865 Market st.
BUSINESS woman wants small but paying
branch bakery, delicacies, etc.; not over $200;
strict Investigation required; will pay $50
down and balance monthly or sooner; ampla
business references. Box 698, Call. ,._'
MAKE $300 a month per $100 capital, using
Palmerston's Business Method of Playing \
Races; can't lose; method and instructions ;
$5. PALMERSTON CO., 731 Sedgwick. Chi-
cago, 111.
WELL-ESTABLISHED plumbing and hard-
ware business in country town 60 miles from
San Francisco; reasonable terms. For full
, particualrs apply H. HACKE, 675 Bryant st.
$250 SECURES half interest for 3 articles in
great t demand ;. strictest investigation; party
must be acquainted in city and give refer-
ence. ALLEN DREW. 405 Leavenworth st.
OLD established business; long list regular cus-
tomers ; good chance for. one or two: sell for
invoice; full particulars and proofs to buyer.
Address box 720, Call office.
FOR SALE — A saloon and eating house In tha
best part of the city; very low rent; party
must go East. Address 215 Stevenson st. :"V
TOM ROBINETT. I
WE start you in big paying business; men or
women; no capital or experience necessary;
particulars for stamp. P. O. box 1210," Chi-
cago.
SEVEN furnished rooms and bar; $315 —
furnished rooms and cigar stand. WARD &
MARTIN, 1055 Market, opp. Hlbernla Bank.
CRACKER route for sale; clearing $150 per .
month; a trial given; this is a genuine busi- '
ness., 1120 Church St., . corner Twenty-third.
WANTED— Secretary for financial institution
who will put In a few thousand dollars; must'
be competent. Address box 641. Call.
LADY or gentleman investing $2000 can make
$8000 first year; legitimate business; Daw-
son, Alaska. Box 700. Call.
PARTNER wanted with small capital. Call
after 1 p. m.. at 230 Kearny st., room I.:-. ■:.
A SNAP— In good country town for aala
at a bargain. P. O. box 666, Petaluma. \;-
HALF Interest in dairy; 150 cows. JOHN
EGLI. 121 Sycamore st.. Ocean View.
GOOD paying downtown saloon. Particulars
from box 694, Call office. ; -;
HALF Interest in photograph gallery for sale.
Inquire 1138 Market st. ■ .....
SHOE shop; doing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush st. j
$2000 CASH— Men's furnishing business for sale;
located on one of the best business streets.
Address Furnishing, box 726. Call office.
$90— SALOON, fixtures and stock; complete; '
rent $20; genuine bargain. ■ Apply 318 Minna.
OLD-ESTABLISHED drinking saloon for sala
cheap. Inquire at 650 Sacramento, nr. Kearny.
WELL-PAYING bakery for sale. Corner Web-
ster and Ellis sts.
FINE cigar store; must sell to-day on account .'
of departure. Apply Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, $2300, doing business
; bet. $850 and $900 monthly; best location la
city. Address box 509, Call.
OLD stand; good trade; express wagon; two
horses. 399 Hayes st. .;■. -. :r
BARBER shop— First-class two-chair 15c shop,
completely furnished rooms In rear; sickness.
Address box 1937, Call office.
GOOD paying grocery and bar In Mission; rea-
sonable. Inquire 1009 Mission st.
WELL-EQUIPPED board and livery stable;
barn full; reason for selling sickness; must
sell before winter; 38 boarders; 20 livery and
■work horses; buggies; surries : carriage;
double and single harness; all that a good
stable requires. Address box 377, Call Office.
GOOD corner bakery; only store; doing good
business; reason for selling, other business
In the East. Apply Call office.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters:
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-10*
Beale st. ■•_ .
HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MarkeT^t?!~oppr~FlrTh7
110-room corner house $6500
10-room house; worth $1000 .......! 500
32 rooms; fine corner ..'. 385<>
14-room house; only [* gog
26-room house; rent $50 " 750
9-room house to rent; furnished ..!.."!
6-room flat; rent $22 259
14 rooms; on Sutter st .' * 45»
82 rooms; reduced from $.1000 t0.... 2600
10 rooms; on Sutter st 250
24-room house; new house and furniture. '850
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
12 rooms; on Market St.; rent $40 450
10-room house; 0n1y..... 150
21 rooms; corner; clears $150 550
46-room house; corner ; 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE.
H. C. DECKER, .1020 Market at. .
A— KREDO &CO ...22% Geary st. i
Money advanced on all houses.
9 rooms; nice house; clears $35 $325
10 rooms; bay-window corner; transient.. 500
14 rooms; all bay-windows; a 5nap........ ■ 800
17 rooms; Jones St.; clears $75 700
23 rooms; Fifth st.; clears $75 600
80 rooms; best on, Kearny: offices 2200
105 rooms; best known house on coast.... 4000
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— slsoo— 46 rooms; nicely furnished; keeps. JO
rooms for transient: always full; will clear
$200 per month. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st. ; -■■>'■
14 rooms: near Orpheum; cost $1500; must
sacrifice; almost a gift $650
18 rooms; offices: near Chronicle; cheap
rent; an exceptional chance; see It 850
19 rooms; sunny corner; if you have $250
we will furnish the balance 450
85 rooms: facing Union square; cheap
rent; Inspection invited: A No. 1 place. 2300
82 rooms: rent only $200; water free;
greatest opportunity ever oliered; inves-
tigate : 2700
$2000 CASH: 80 rooms : elevator ; rent $200;
clears $200. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A— SNAP: $1000; corner. 70 rooms- clears $100.
At SPECK & CO.' S. 602 Market st.
LADIES. If you need money call on UNCLE
■ HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near Market st. 
H B97 J Ellis' st 2 rOoms furnlBl >ed for sale; cheap.
C.VRPET CLEANING. "~~~ ~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, MgT..
88 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250. „
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
end to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer • Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. 8. JO.
CA T^L cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at Be.'
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944. ,
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleanln* Co., 240 14Ux
St.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden r
J Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. - :-
A PyANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. »02 utter at. l
tel. Main 394. OEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
M 1M 1 * WUITKKS. : r iii 1
ALL typewriters sold and rented? few partly
used for sale cheap ; send ■ ■ f cr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery,
A : HAMMOND, $25: Callgrraph. - $15; . Yost, $25;
; get sample work. SCOTT, 233 Montfomerv »UITlf REAL ESTATE.
O. H. UMBSEN & COT" ■
Real Estate Agents,
14 Montgomery it
to™_r, CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
♦SCO— Real bargain; one-half block from Mis-
«ion st., corner; 33x119; a snap.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
$l.U>— Kirst-ave. boulevard; 25x110; street ac-
cepted.
MISSION COTTAGE— VERY CHEAP.
$14t>o— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and lot 26x100;
Mission warm belt; handy to several lines of
•trcet cars; very easy terms can be arranged.
NEAR MARKET AND GOUGH STS.
S. -Lot near junction of Market. Valencia
ana Cough ms. ; street accepted by the city;
good lot fcr i tenements; bargain.
CHOICE MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
$l7i<u each— Capp Bt; 2 nica building lots, Jsx
87 :t each. •
. M COTTAGE— VERY CHEAP.
One-half block from Mission-st. cars;
cozy cottage, 5 rooms, bath, bay windows,
brick CounOation, etc., large lot, 3i:t>xlaU, this
Is a snap; wiil be sold on easy terms.
.™, GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
l^ooo— flute tenements and lot; rent $30 per
month; near Fourth and Folsom st».
INSIDE RESIDENCE. NEAR HYDE AND
CALIFORNIA BTB. CAR LINES.
2-story bay-window residence of & rooms
and bath; L'sxl37:>i.
MISSION FLATS AT A BARGAIN.
t*iiou— Keats. $252 per annum; 2 substantial flats
of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tion.
.._, GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
Valleio St.; 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath
*ni-n; brick foundation; street accepted; rents
J»o4 per annum.
.. n MISSION * FLATS— VERY CHEAP.
Jo.nO— Shotwell St.; rents $39 per month; 2 flats
ana cottage and lot; this is a splendid offering.
. PAYS BIG INTEREST.
$1500—3 substantial flats of 6. 5 and 5 rooms
in.l bath each; bay windows, brick foundation
eu\ ; only G minutes' walk from the City Hall'
handy to Market, Mission and Howard st cars-
this is a real bargain; rents $546 per annum;
26x75.
A NICE RESIDENCE IN THE WESTERN
ADDITION.
$6600— I >evi«adero st. ; modern 2-story and
basement bay-window residence of 7 rooms
and bath, etc; Pacific Heights; 25x110; this la
very cheap.
A GOOD MISSION BARGAIN.
$«500— Rents $6(50 per annum; 3 substantial
flats of 6, 5 and 4 rooms and bath etch; brick i
foundation, etc.; stone walks; only 6 years old; i
Howard st., near Eleventh.
POST-ST. FLATS.
$7000—3 modern flats of 6, 0 and 4 rooms, bath
and laundry, etc., each; Post St.; 25x87:6; rents I
(Vl:( Vl : per annum; must be sold; no reasonable
offer refused.
THREE FLATS ON FILLMORE ST.
$7500 — $766 per annum; 3 modern flats of
6. 5 and 5 rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tion, etc.; 25x110.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec- j
ords," which contains a list of properties for |
sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
PAYS BIG INTEREST!
PAYS BIG INTEREST!
PAYS BIG INTEREST!
RENTS, $30— PRICE. $2500.
Four fine Hats, south of Market St.; in Al
condition; new plumbing, etc.
A DOWNTOWN BUY.
Downtown, close to Powell st.; a 16-room |
house, rents $100 monthly; partially furnished; I
splendid sunny lot, 27:6x137:6; price cut to make
immediate sale to $5500; it's cheap.
87:6 FEET FRONT.
On side street, near Market, a two-story
brick house of 9 rooms, bath and two patent
water closets; In good condition; will always
rent; a tine Investment property; only $3000.
FINE WEBSTER-STREET CORNER.
27:6x»0; good business location; old improve-
ments rent for $00 monthly; owner anxious to
sell; reduced to $6000.
IN PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
Three fine new modern flats; bring $80 rent;
price $S5OO.
PAGE-STREET LOT.
Sunny Page-st lot, near Scott; 25x137:6; only I
$22i0. j
IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
A corner lot. 30x110; commanding the marine
• lew; price $4000.
IN PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
Fine key lot, 27:6x137:6, with marine view;
$5 <00 residence being built adjoining; only
$2S».
4. --.• -. ■,:<,.-, - . ■ - *«* l -??
CHEAP RICHMOND' LOT.
On California st, near Twelfth aye.; the
cheapest lot In the Richmond; 25x100 feet;
price $650.
Send for our list of Presidio, Pacific Heights
and Panhandle cheap lots.
MCAFEE BROS., McAFEE BROS,.
ICB Montgomery st. San Francisco. Cal.
BUILDING lots In different parts of the city
on $5 monthly payments.
$3 monthly: level building lots, 25x120; only 1
block from Ban Mateo electric cars. JACOB
HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$7 50 MONTHLY payments will buy a lot 25x
100 with 2 cars: 1 block from the Ocean
boulevard and electric road: can be rented
for $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
$10 MONTHLY will buy a new 3-room cottage,
including level lot. near Mission and Thir-
tieth sts.; 2 sold in one week. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 11 Montgomery st.
A HOME STORY IN A FEW WORDS.
Pay rent during the years 1899, l$QO, 1901, 1901
1903, 1904, 1905, 1906, and your total investment
will bring you what?— Nothing.
Pay for a home on monthly Installments dur-
ing the same years, and your total investment
will bring you what?— A HOME all paid for.
It has cost you exactly the same rent money
you would have been paying your landlord, but
it has given you a deed to the home that will
always be your own. A good New Year's reso-
lution. Buy a home In the Heyman Tract
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery .st.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St.. oppo-
site Nevada Back, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$46.: — An excellent corner, one block from
the burned -down Baldwin; large lot; well Im-
proved.
$115,ri00 — Kearny and Market sts.; a splendid
buy; large lot; solid brick Improvements; rent
18100 per annum.
$1400 for 4 of the best lots on Falrmount.
$8000 — Page St., near entrance to the Park; 4 i
flats. « and 5 rooms each; rent $62.
$25,000, rent Stores and apartments In
best business part of Larkin st.
$34,000— Market st, near Twelfth; lot 50x125
feet; well improved.
$1450— A 1-story 8-room house; south of the
Mission; lot 25x100; make offer.
$12,000—3 bay-window houses on Haight st.,
near Fillmore; Jot 65x137 4.
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
$13.000— Rent $94; 4 splendid flats on Fell St..
near Masonic aye.; lot 37:6x137:6.
$12.V>— Splendid cottage: Oak st. near Lyon;
lot 25x110; fronting on Park Panhandle.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$62,500— Market st. ; Hi blocks from the Bald-
win: 4-story house; good size lots.
$100 Fine property on Kearny st., . near
Market: large lot renting at $525 per month,
nearly 6 per cent net ground rent.
$42,500— Taylor st, near Market; large lot;
well Improved; stores and fiats.
INCOME PROPERTY.
" -Rent $30: business property; store, and
5-rortm flat upstairs.
$'7.v>— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary St.,
near Fillmore. _ '■'
$2400— Rent $25; double flats near Sixth and
Bryant stg.
$2200— Rent $30; a 3 fiat on Broadway.
HOOK & LENT, 14 Post st.
$33.000— A fine northeast business corner, not
far from Post and Mason; producing 6 per cent
net income; In direct line of advance.
$17 000— A stone* / throw from ' Market and
Ellis; 137:6 feet; business property; one
tenant; (5 per cent net income: $40,000 was of-
fered and refused for this; must now be sold.
$10 500— A new and magnificent modern resi-
dence; unobstructed view of entire city; 9
rooms and two baths: lot 80x1 fine lawn.
HOOKER & LENT. .
$:000— THIRD aye., near California st. ; 2.*>xl?o;
rpady for building.
$l. r .oo— Dolores st, near Twenty-inn; finest
view In Mission: very cheap: mutt he sold.
Level, street graded and raa:iflanr:.ci ;
lot 25k12.'i and ready to build on: the greatest
snap In town: Sndowa Ft, near Plymouth.
?:.">0 cash, balance like rent; neat cottage;
Just built: lot level and on oar line.
■ McEWEN BROS., US Montgomery st.
1460- NEBRASKA St., near . Nineteenth and
Lick School: 25x110; $50 cash, balance $8 per
month: corner $500. Inquire 1326 Hayes st.
$72E0— 2 FLATS, nr. park entrance; rents $65;
r lot 6JXI37H, with garden and stable; irrr'.-
gag« $6000; balance cash: quick sale wanted.
Address box 696, Call. j_
$95— i OR 2 lots south of park, 2. blocks from
electric cars; worth $200 each.
$700. one-third cash: fine 75-foot corner In
'lithe Mission. I. C. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery.
BIG bargain-SW. corner of Jersey and Dia-
mond sts.; 114x110, with Improvements. WIL-
,I.!AM J. HERRIN. room 15. 324 Pine st.
WE have one. more 6-room cottage for $2200;
see this bargain. RAND & CO., 917 Market.
CITY ■ REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. '' ~~ ~~~~~~
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$4500 — A splendid business corner on Dolores
st. ; Improvements consist of a substantial
building containing a store and 4 rooms In the
rear; also flat above of 6 rooms and bath; also
cottage adjoining containing i rooms; total
rents $39; extra large lot. 65x87.
A GREAT BARGAIN*!
. ■ : „, --w 'i PAYS OVER 15 PER CENT.
$3350— to Fifth and Market sts.; good
tenement property in a fine renting locality;
this property is offered at a low price in order
to effect an Immediate sale.
I"EAV KM W OK i H-»X. V.UA.T 3.
$3800— Leavenworth St., nr. 14 runaway: two-
story building, containing 2 flats; rent $32.
DOWN-TOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$22,000— Drumm-st. corner, within 1 block of
Market St.; large lot; the improvements are old,
but pay a fair return on the investment; mort-
gage of $12,000 can remain.
ALMOST A 60-VARA LOT.
$4500— Lyon st, nr. Post; a great big lot, with
old improvements ; splendid for teamster or a
good location to build cheap flats; property
must be sold to close an estate.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$1650— 'Bernard st., close to Jones and Pacific;
2 good flats, steadily rented.
BUILDERS, ATTENTION. .
$3SO0 — A big bargain; corner lot, 44x100; north-
east corner of Frederick and Shrader sts.; 2
lots on Frederick st. each 25x100, can be had j
for $1400 each; would make 4 splendid lots.
SEVENTH-ST. CORNER.
$3500— Seventh St., close to Folsom; corner;
25xM); ground rent $20 per month.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$2500 A good investment, close to Seventh
and Folsom sts.; double 2-story house; contains
10 rooms and basement; always rented; lot
25xS0.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
$2300— Big bargain in new cottage In Rich-
mond; lot 25x127:6, on Fourteenth aye., nr.
Clement St.; house contains 8 rooms, bath, etc.,
and in very cheap; pays 12 per cent.
$soOO— Rent $55; new modern flats on Fred-
erick st, nr. Ashbury; large lots; flats contain
5 and 0 rooms, etc., each.
„,„ „ A BARGAIN.
$48^0— Close to Golden Gate Park; new resi-
dence, containing 8 rooms and bath and finished
basement; lot 25x137:6; this place la brand-
new and has never, been occupied.
AN OFFER WANTED.
2,500 — Handsome modern residence on Bu-
chanan st, corner; extra large lot; house con-
tains 12 rooms and all modern conveniences;
best location in the city; will be sold very
cheap
AN OFFER WANTED.
$uoOO— Sacramento st. ; 2 new flats, 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; lot 27x127; rent $52 50; both rented.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
' 10 Montgomery st.
$5 MONTHLY! ~~~~ "*
$5 MONTHLY!
$5 MONTHLY!
PARK LOTS $275— PARK LOTS $275.
PARK LOTS $275— PARK LOTS $.75.
On Sth, 9th. 10th and 11th Avenues.
South of and not a great way from Golden
Gate Park. Cheapest residence lots or invest-
ment lots ever offered. Every lot Is graded and
ready for the builders.
OVER 65 LOTS SOLD
IN 6 WEEKS.
WHY?
Come out and see them and you will know
why they have sold so fast. Title perfect.
Don't wait, as they are going very fast. Get
diagrams from us or at our branch office, cor-
ner of H street and Ninth avenue, open dally
(Sunday! and holidays Included). Take H-st.
electric cars, which run to the Cliff House In
place of the old steam dummy.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
Regulators of Prices In Sunset District.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO., ~~~
513 California st.
IMPROVED.
$25,000— Market St.. adjoining Oriel Hotel;
! 27:6x104; frontage on 2 streets; sold to close an
i estate.
! 45:10x137:6; full water lot; Improved; leased
for 6 years at $250 per month.
Montgomery aye. through to Washington st. ;
brick improvements: rents $190.
137:6x137:6: corner of Leavenworth and Green-
wich sts.: 10 rooms and bath; rents $50; $12,000.
25xS0; Turk St., near Laguno.; 3 new flats;
$11,000.
23x77, Jackson, near Taylor: rents $76; $8800.
25x82:6; Hayes, near Stelner; flats; rent $42 50;
modern bay-window; $5750.
20x57:6; corner' Dupont and Hinckley; store
an.i lodging house; rents 'S5; $10,000.
21x67:9; Powell, near Vallejo; rent $1S; $0250.
24:3xC5:9; Green, near Powell, new modern
bay-window flats; rents $3S: $4500.
25x122:6: Sholwell. near 24th: 2 flats: $3SOO.
25xS0; Guerrero, near 17th: flats; $3750. J-a
23xS0: Clara, near sth; $3500.
26:9x76:9; corner Board man place and Fargo
place; store and flat: rents $22; $2200.
UNIMPROVED.
50x71:10: SE. corner Polk and Lombard.
25x115; Scott, near Washington.
25x85; 13th, near Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100: Valencia, bet. 13th and nth; 4 lo.s.
25:8x114; 28th. near Dolores; $1000.
60xlSS; corner B and 25th aye.; $1200.
Silver terrace homestead lots cheap.
FOR SALE cheap — 2 lots on. corner of Gates
and Union sts., near Cortland-ave. school;
see my sign on lots. WILLIAM J. IIERRIN,
room 15, 324 Pine st.
$2400— COTTAGE, 5 rooms and bath; easy
• terms. ANDERSON, Builder, 340 Jersey st.
WANTED— and lot or vacant lot, be-
tween Market and Harrison . and west of
Third st. Apply 508 California st., room 7.
— WANTED, residence in Western addition
or Mission; not over $5000. 508 California, r. 7.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER. *\
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
$400. $450, $500 to $SOO each; street graded, lots
ready to build on: $25 down, $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Local agent on tha Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $800.
$100 to $300; lots near Mission-st. electric
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
ALL that are troubled, whether ally, weekly
or monthly should remember that they can
borrow on their diamonds from UNCLE HAR-
RIS. IS Grant aye., near Market st.
: — •
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Bush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery street.
$10 per acre — 1900 acres near Sheridan, Yuba
County; good grain and alfalfa land, with two
sets of buildings; 1100 acres was in grain this
year.
$25 per acre— 32o acres; all level grain land,
with 10 acres of orchard near Sulsun; good im-
provements: easy terms.
$1800 — 10 acres in berries, fruit and vege-
tables, with good improvements; near Martinez;
with stock and tools.
$2000—40 acres 1 mile from Zayante station,
Santa Cruz County; 14 acres In vineyard, bal-
ance grain and pasture land; well wooded and
watered; good improvements, with stock and
tools.
$5000 — 40 acres full bearing orchard, with im-
provements; near Penryn, Placer County.
$2000—21 acres near Santa Rosa, with or-
cahrd. vineyard and grain land; good improve-
ments.
$37 50 per acre— acres near Nlcolaus, Sut-
ter County, known as the Bear River ranch;
steamer landing close by; good alfalfa and
grain land; splendid improvements; living
water the year round ; we have a tenant t!|at
will rent this place and pay 12 per cent per an-
num on the purchase price; this is one of the
best ranches In this State.
For exchange — Eighteen acres near Petaluma,
with good improvements. -*~
For exchange— Thirty acres In orchard at San
Lorenzo; for city property only. ■■
■ If you want country lands call and, see us.
FOR a country home come and buy at or near
Watsonvllle in Pajaro Valley, the most pro-
ductive spot in California; no Irrigation and
the home of the apple, strawberry, sugar
beet and potato; no frosts or winds; I have
land* from $15 upward; send for catalogue;
Inclose etamp. R. P. QUINN, Real Estate,
Watsonvllle. Cal.
AMONG the orange groves of Placer County,
20 acres bearing orchard of choice shipping
fruit with 60 acres of wooded land adjoining;
all under -Irrigation; cheap at $3500; or 1 r-
chard alone for $1500; would exchange. Mc-
AFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery fit
CHOICE, rich Terms of 10 acres, right at Ante-
lope station, Sacramento County, may be
bought for $500. but may be leased on trial
at $20 per year and for 5 . years. McEWEN
BROS.. US Montgomery st.
$5 PER acre,— loB acres fine fruit land. Santa
Cm?. Mountains; plenty of wood and water.
$1660; % cash; 164 acres Santa Clara County.
10 acres bearing vineyard. I. C. SCHARFF,
20 Montgomery st. .
A— s22oo— 140- ACRE, ranch, 2 miles from town;
Napa; nice house, barn; fine orchard of 4
acres:' 4 horses; cows, tools, etc. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st. . .. ■ i
BARGAIN— I4-acre orange grove, bearing, or
exchange for S. F. property, at SPECK &
CO.'S, 602 Market st. ' ■
TOR sale— 4 acres; well-Improved; 1 mile from
P taluma:- cheap. ■ Box 472. Petaluma. •'■
BARGAINS!— 3 20-acr* tracts; level, rich val-
ley land; within 25 miles of Oakland; price
way down. Box 731, Call office. -< ,
THE RA*N FHANCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE*! Real Estate Agents.
Established 1808. 626 Market st. '
$7500— McAllister st, near Fillmore; 2 large
flats; paying good Income; lot 25x100.
Must b« sold— Two fine flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low, $05; only $7250; make offer.
$4500 — Bush st, near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5250— Gough st. near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x82:6. ,
$2600 only for a nice 2-story house In perfect
order; Hampshire st.. near Eighteenth; lot 25x
100.
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-first st, near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
$5000— O'Farrell St., near Devlsadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 45x80.
$2900 — Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; (
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
Cottage and lot; Twenty-first St., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$4000— Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x84:6.
— Two cottages; Chattanooga St., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
Hyde st, near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60;
only $2500.
$2000— Cortland aye., corner Moultrie St.; 32x
90 and 2-story house; worth $25 per month..
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner; only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
50vara: Buchanan St., corner of Chestnut;
$6000; 137:6x137:6.
j Church St., near Sixteenth; 50x125; only $2000
per lot.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay .'St.. near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2000— Twenty-first St.* near Sanchez: 60x114.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth St., near Castro: 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J st; 25x120.
$1000 — Jersey St.. near Noe; 25x111.
California St.. near Second aye.; 25x100; $SOO.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
_______ _
C. C. BEMIB,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice buildinsr lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh Fts. ; close to electric road.
$5000— Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet.
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St.. overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
fO-vara on Page st.; panhandle of park.
Choice building lots north or park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
St.; 109x95 feet.
FOR a select Christmas Charming
country peat, lot, adjacent to railroad depot;
adjoining D. O. Mills' tree-covered domains;
this side of Burlingame; climate exquisite; |
water subjacent: fertile soil; to see is to j
admire and desire it in the family. WIL-
LIAM BUTTERFIELD. room 2. Crocker bldg.
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage;
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY. Build-
er. £21 X «t. Sun»ot district.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$10,000— 20 ACRES prune orchard, Santa Clara j
County, for flats or cottages.
$3500—140 acres hay. grain and orchard, Shasta
County, for house and lot.
$1000—80 acres new soil, Tehamß Co., for lots.
$800—160 acres. Placer County, for lots.
$3500— House and lot in Alameda for city prop.
$6000— House and lot In Alameda for Los
Angeles realty.
$4000—27 acres fine orchard. Placer County,
for improved city or near by.
$3750—80 acres near Red Bluff, improved.
$3000—160 acres. Rogue River Valley, Oregon.
$4000 — 30 acres, Fresno Co., for house and lot.
$3750 — 227 acres, Yuba Co.. for house and lot.
$1500—32 a., Shasta Co., for home or business.
$3500—160 acres. Placer Co., for house and lot.
$osoo— 26 acres. Lake Co., for house and lot.
$4000—80 acres. Lake Co., for house and lot.
$3."oo— House, 6 rooms, large lot, for ranch.
$15,000—3 houses, 5 lots, Alameda, for ranch.
$:■ 10— 75x150, in Alameda, for land.
$2000—3 lots In "Berkeley for land.
2200 a. in Los Angeles Co.. quantities to suit.
Ranches in Contra Costa, Sonoma, Solano.
Napa, Santa Cruz and Alameda counties— sale
1 and exchange.
R. S. FALCONER, Bay Station, Alameda.
210 ACRES, 6-room house, 3 barns; half mile
from postofflce; 9 miles from Dayton. O.
17000 — New York: 12-room house and store.
$1g,000— 140 acres 4 miles from Nashville,
j Term.: Improved; house, barn, etc.; will ex-
f change for property in California.
158 acres in Virgina; 9 miles from Norfolk, on
I 2 good roads; will exchange for California
property.
E. E. BUNCE. 903 Broadway, Oakland.
3 FLATS to exchange for good ranch or coun-
try hotel price $15,000.
-S flats to exchange- for ranch; $SOOO. — - -
3 fiats to exchange for hotel or ranch; price
$5000. P. KELLY, Real Estate Exchange, 461
Ninth st., Oakland
COUNTRY lands in Pajaro Valley, near Wat-
sonville, for trade for properties, city or
country, in San Francisco, Oakland, Contra
Costa, Sonoma or Alameda counties: send
for catalogue. R. P. QUINN, Real Estate,
Watsonvllle, Cal. ■ __^_
TO exchange; 40 acres placer mineral land;
well watered and timbered; good for agricul-
ture or gold. Box 1083. Call office.
'■ 2 CORNER lots, 7-room house, S. F., $3600, to
exchange Cor ranch. M.. Call office, Oakland.
PROPERTY WASTED.
__ . . _.,
| WANTED— Direct from owner, 1 acre unim-
proved land in Alameda County; monthly
payments; must be reasonable; state price.
! Box 699, Call office.
A— $."000; Sutter-st. flats; want grain ranch, at
A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market st.
RANCH wanted in trade for 7-room house; 2
cor. lots: S. F. : $3600. .!.. Call office. Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
TtTIEND, SUMS FROM $500 TO $50,000, at
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME. /
R. GOULD.
131 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
LOANS on furniture or nl nos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at ir eat rates, without
removal; no commisßlOk. , no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 102J Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408, Parrott building.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003V4 Broadway.
Oakland. Hours, 10 to 3.
DIAMONDS, diamonds: highest amount loaned,
lowest Interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay. |
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell St.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate, 2d !
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$5000 IN sums to suit; reliable parties. 120 Ellis
St.. room 4, until Jan. 1.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McA)pster st.
I SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market St.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden; 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted; loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
: ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no ' fee without success; collections. G. W.
! HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ADVICE free: divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
I ALL private law caees, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs.Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS. 607 Emma
Spreckels b1dg., 927 Market: charges moderate.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bWg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.,
■ SEE our advertisement In the Christmas Call.
If not found, call at 1424 Park st.. Alameda.
E. D. JUDD & CO.
FINE modern 8-room residence in choicest part
of Alameda: $1000 cash, balance mortgage.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— 6O cents on the dollar; one 5. one
6 and one 7 room cottage; also for Investment,
two 2-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent;
bast location. Apply to A. R. DENK'E SR..
Webster st. station, narrow gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own prices and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 1243 Park st. v .
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND: BOARD.
PRIVATE home In confinement; connected with
housekeeping apartments. MRS. DR. FUNKE.
1416 Eighth St., Alameda. - <
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A LIST OF CHOICE BARGAINS:
$15,000— $25,000; fine Lakeside residence;
corner; estate ordered sold; only land value;
adjoins two elegant mansions.
Magnificent stylish home; superior lo-
cation; one of the choicest offerings submitted
for sale In Oakland.
$10,000— Residence, 13 rooms; fine order; loca-
tion choice; Market station; mortgage $7000;
make offer.
$6500— Sacrifice; called East; must sell: fine
corner home, 12 rooms; near station; any terms.
Vernon Heights; near Senator Perkins 1
mansion; modern S-room residence; large cor-
ner: grand i..arlne & landscape view; bargain.
$5500— Modern 8-room, gothic style; elevated
lot; central; bank mortgage $4000; make cash
offer.
$4000— Worth $5000; just completed; 2-story co-
lonial; 9 rooms; 50x168; mortgage $2500; builder
bought lot sacrifice; must have money this
week.
$3650— 5500 cash; lovely new 2-story colonial
home; 7 rooms: porcelain tub; nickel plumbing;
gas fixtures; Clinton station, East Oakland.
$2850— Forced sale; mortgaged; interest unpaid:
modern cottage, 7 rooms on first floor; 2 man-
tels; gas fixtures; 35x140; on best residence
street; off Telegraph aye.: built for a home 3
years ago; in good order; $2000 can remain; goes
this week.
$2500— 5500 cash: Chester street cottage; 7
rooms; 40x100; cheap; easy terms.
$2100— A speculation; bank sale; modern 6-
room cottage; business street; $200 cash, $20 mo.
$2000— Corner cottage, 6 rooms; modern; Oak
station; $250 cash; bargain; easy terms.
$1650— Bargain; East Oakland; good 6-room
house; corner; 40 fruit trees; 112x150.
Cheap: easy terms; modern cottage, 5
rooms; Twenty-third aye. station.
$1250— Bay-window cottage, 5 rooms; Twelfth
aye.. East Oakland; very cheap.
$1000 and $900— Neat homes; $100 cash down;
$1$ month; bank sales.
Call on us for bargains.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
Office and salesroom, 460-462 Eighth st,
Oakland, Cal.
$10,000 TO loan on real estate and $1500 on fur-
niture and pianos by ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO., 902 Broadway. _j
$5000— ELEGANT residence in fine location, re-
duced from $7500. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.,
902 Broadway.
$2100—3 FLATS, rented $30 month; a snap and
paying investment. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO.,
902 Broadway.
30 MINUTES from San Francisco; i minutes
from station; In attractive neighborhood;
new residence, 7 rooms; strictly modern;
thoroughly constructed and finely finished: lot
40x125; small payment and monthly Install-
ments can be arranged. HERON & HOL-
COMB, 1050 Broadway.
A— ss monthly will buy a new cottage and two
lots In the Alvin tract; taKe Haywards local
train to Elmhurst. or Haywards electric car
to Jones aye. ; free carriage meets electric
I cars Sundays. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery St., or 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
20 GOOD lotß, street work all done, $100 and
upward; In Frultvale; before you buy or
build see my list; 30-page illustrated cata-
logue. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broawday, Oakland.
— COLONIAL cottage, 5 rooms and bath; 2
blocks from Telegraph aye.; lot 37:6x100 feet.
Inquire 868 Madison st, Oakland.
$4400—38 ACRES; cheapest ranch in California;
4 miles from center of Oakland.
$285 CASH; small monthly Installments as rent 1
till paid for; a new. cozy cottage, 3 large
rooms; quite a little ranch; 6 fine lots; all !
picket fenced: chicken houses and outhouses;
city water and fine well of spring water;
flowers and nice garden; a self-sustaining
home; price $1400: 3 electric car lines and flue
school house near by; Allendale settlement.
East Oakland; climate and soil the best; grand
I view; no fogs nor cold winds here: 48 families
now own their homes; all within 2 years.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh st., cor-
ner Broadway, Oakland; carriage free. H.
Z. JONES, owner.
A BEAUTIFUL — One of the neatest and
best built homes In Oakland; new; Just com-
pleted; must be sold immediately; 2-story, 7
rooms and bath: 5 large closets and pantry;
plumbing nickel-plated: roll-rim bath tub;
cement steps and walk; gas fixtures and
shades In house: only 6 minutes' walk from
broad gauge station: large lot: price $3800
complete: terms to suit; call at. once and be
shown the house. Lake Shore Land Co., 1070
Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
EQUITY of $2000 In Oakland house and lot; ex-
change for email Improved mountain ranch.
Box 1859. Call office.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE).
FURNITURE— and rhpur- H > HITt.U
HAAf "1«1 «twr> IW n>«-»»». »» ■»•« V-
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$1750— HOUSE of 6 rooms; large lot; street
•work all done; electric ears pass the doors; a
bargain. Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley.
$5500— A FIRST-CLASS Investment; house of 13
rooms; near the university; thoroughly well
built; all the latest improvements; street
work all done; leased for $50 net monthly.
Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley. •
INTERVIEW
D. J. TOBIN
For full particulars of the educational center
of the world. He has the largest list of the
I most select property in Berkeley. . Pay Berke-
I ley a visit and become familiar with one of
I the grandest spots In the universe, possessing a
climate unsurpassed. Real estate and house
renting; also a large and completely fitted up
employment office. The only one in Berkeley.
D. J. TOBIN.
Real Estate and Insurance Agent.
2121 Stanford &ye., Berkeley. Tel., office, i
Red 204; Residence. Red 121. ' ]
COTTAGE six rooms. In Berkeley; value $5000;
will trade for $10,000 or $12,000 place in West-
ern Addition and pay a cash difference. See
W. C. MORAN, Lorln.
TWO-STORY house of 12 rooms. In Berkeley;
$6000; will trade for residence In Western Ad-
dition, 10-room, $12,000 .or $14,000. and pay a
cash difference. See W. C. MORAN, Lortn.
6-ROOM cottage, newly furnished; piano cost
$400; parties going East; price $2250. See W.
C. MORAN, Lorln.
6-ROOM cottage, $1000; $100 down, balance $10
per month. Including interest. See W. C. j
MORAN. Lorln.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE. " ',
A lot In West Berkeley; finely situated; will
trade it for groceries, hardware, boots and
shoes, or other merchandise.
Cost — Two fine 8-room houses: large
lots: grand view; 10 minutes' drive to the uni-
versity; will sell the two places for $4000; dirt
cheap.
See our grand new 11-room house In the
scenic park adjoining the university; modern
in every respect; street work done; price $4000.
O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center st. Berkeley.
$2500— TWO flats of 11 rooms; rented $23 month-
ly; 4 minutes' walk to either university or
Berkeley station.
4-room cottage; windmill; tank; $950.
Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 45x120;
$13."0; 8 minutes from Berkeley station.
6-room cottage and bath; well and windmill;
$1000. ; -,;.--:
FREEBE & CODDINGTON,
2119 Stanford Place, Berkeley station.
THE CREAM OF BERKELEY— ""
1 block from U. C. : handsome new 9-room
Colonial home; porcelain bath, gas, plateglasa
windows; modern In every way; finished In
natural wood; yard Improved with fine assort-
ment of fruit trees and flowers; on account
of owner leaving town, will sell at reasonable
figure. Address or call. M. L. WURTS,
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE— Fine place In the center of Berke-
ley for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home;
six acres; house, barn, outhouses, windmill
and all Improvements: price $7000.
D. J. TOBIN, Real Estate Agent.
.. N 2121 Stanford place..
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
LOOK at this!. Only $350; owner must sell,
going East; house of 5 rooms; good well and
pump; chicken house; lot 60x100 ;all fenced;
only 1 block from school and electric cars;
see this Immediately.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
$1050, COST owner $1800— sale in East Oak-
land, Jjay-wlndow cottage of 4 large rooms
.and bath; high basement; corner lot, '28x100.
H. A. PLEITNER, Fruitvale Station.
$1500— NEW cottage of 4 large rooms and bath,
hall, pantry, closets, marble washstand, sta-
tionary tubs; 7- foot basement; lot 50x140, all
fenced; near local train.
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale Station.
SACRIFICE; reduced from $4500; half an
acre lot with newly renovated house of 6
large rooms and bath, on 1 floor; 7-foot base-
ment; fruit trees in bearing; fine artesian
■well; located In the best residence section of
'* Frultvale; only 4 blocks from station. :
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. ■
YUKON MAIL,
RELIABLE party returning to Yukon, via
Skaguayand Bennett, over the ice with dog
teams, will. leave San Francisco January 10,
1899, for Dawson, Circle City and by ■ sta-
tions on : the Yukon River, as far as Ram-
part City; will receive and carry letters sent
in Government stamped envelopes at $1 per
letter; letters over ■ 2 ounces -wITI be charged
extra; all must be stamped j according to
weight; letters . for Atlin City will be for-
warded from i Bennett . Call or address letters
with fee Inclosed.
----- N. Letters received ' will be answered
by postal, which forms a ' receipt, ■ signed by
the carrier, if »o • desired. Address C. G.
JOHNSTONE, 131 Kearny «t., San Francisco.
CM.' - ■- ■-■ - - . -■- •■ - ._, •
HOUSES TO LET.
A — Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. O. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ELLIS pt.— House of 7 rooms and bath; yard;
rent $15. Apply 626 Eddy st.
HOUSE. 3.13 Nineteenth St., near Valencia; 6
rooms, bath; yard and garden; rent $23. Key
next door.
OAK, 15, nr. Market and Van Ness— B rooms,
bath, bay window, etc., in goud condition,
but will make improvements to suit tenant;
rent reasonable.
TURK, 812, near Franklin— Modern sunny
house. 9 rooms; bath; garden front and rear.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$3 OR $30,000 to loan you on pianos, without re-
moval, at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st.
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
6t.. near Market. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
$20—6 ROOMS and bath (new); Sutro Heights;
frrand' marine view; near 2 car lines. 410
Forty-fifth aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 5 rooms and bath on Tenth aye.,
nr. Point Lobos aye., with all modern im-
provements: rent reasonable. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery st.
4 STALLS, wagon room, 2 living rooms; $8.
2435 Folsom.
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath, basement; $15,
upper flat, 5 rooma, bath. Apply at 220 13tli.
FLATS TO LET.
BERNARbTio, bet. Pacific, Broadway, Taylor
and Joneß— B rooms and bath. $11.
FELL, 611 — Flat, 4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; yard and basement; rent $15;
key 13 Fell. __
FILLMORE, 2216%— Newly renovated flat; 5
large rooms and bath; reduced rent. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. %Vi Lewl3 St., off
Taylor, near Post.
MODERN 6-room flat, 125 Ash aye., between
Polk and Van Ness, McAllister and Fulton.
MODERN flat of 4 rooms and bath. ISO 7 Eddy
st.. near Scott; rent cheap.
NATOMA, 1006. near Eleventh— sB; lower flat,
3 rooms; 4 closets.
SECOND, 625— Flat, 6 sunny rooms, $14; also
sunny cottage.
SIXTH, 808— Upper flat of 4 sunny rooms; rent
$9; water free.
SIXTEENTH. 3176, near Guerrero— Nice flat. 4
rooms and bath; modern improvements; will
let cheap; also store; nice living rooms.
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms, bath; modern imp. -.large
sunny yard; rear entrance. 2506 Howard.
TWO sunny flats; newly papered and painted;
$9 and $10. 2041 Harrison st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN * HOWELU 10 Mont-
gomery st.
4 ROOMS and bath and washroom. 1106H Treat
avenue.
$12. $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny. 4, 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary Bt.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches and
jewelry at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.,
near Market st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALVA, May, Laura and all youn_ and beauti-
ful ladles are notified that the highest amount
Is loaned on watches, diamonds and Jewelry
at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye., near
Market st.
CLEMENTINA. 707— Nice sunny housekeeping
roOBJs; bath and wash room; $7.
EDDY. 483—3 unfurnished rooms; new flat; ele-
gant parlor suite, with kitchen.
EDDY, 915—2 large furnished sunny rooms; all
conveniences; fine location; private residence.
EIGHTEENTH, 3438— Sunny front room fur-
nished, $4; also 2 sunny housekeeping rooms
cheap, furnished or unfurnished.
ELLIS 639, corner Larkin— Bay-window alcove,
$14; with kitchen and gas stove. $20.
FIFTH, 309— New house; connecting suite, par-
lor, bedroom, kitchen; sunny; running water;
gas.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen: grate, water, Blnk, bath; private; $11.
FOLSOM, 525— Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 50 weekly.
FOLSOM, 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; rent $12 50. _____
FOLSOM. 1613, near Twelfth— Three sunny ur-
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
gunny unfurnished rooms, with gas rang*.
GUY place. 12, off First, just above Folsom—
$16; 8 rooms and bath; lower part of house.
HAMPTON place, off Folsom. bet. Second and
Third— Bay window; 3 rooms; yard; base-
ment; 111.
HOWARD, 2006 A. nr. Sixteenth— 2 newly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; bath; $8, $10.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms, $7, $8 to $9.
JACKSON. 1414— Front room, dining-room,
kitchen, furnished complete for housekpjr; $10.
JESSIE, 373. near Fifth and Market— 2 house-
keeping rooms, completely furnished; only $10.
KEARNY, near Sutter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARKIN, 433—2 rooms for housekeeping; rent
reasonable.
LARKIN, 613— Three or 4 neat sunny hOQM-
keeping rooms; reasonable to steady tenant.
LEAVENWORTH, 1503. nr] Jackson— 3 fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; $10.
MARKET. 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet; call after 6 p. m.
McDERMOTT place, 1, off Jones St., bet. Eddy
and Turk— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms.
MISSION. 561— Front room, suitable for man
and wife or 2 young men; with <rrove.
MISSION, 833— Sunny kitchen and bedroom,
$2 50 per week; large yard; large rooms, $2.
MISSION, 1220— Sunny room for 2; running
water: grate; light housekeeping; also single.
MISSION, 1801— Corner room with grate, use
oil stove, $8; one, $4.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Sunny front house-
keeping rooms; cheap; also single. 10c and 15c.
NINTH, 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping; running water; stove.
NINETEENTH. 4045, near Castro— 3 unfur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; cheap.
OAK. 12— Large alcove room; running water;
folding bed; cook stove; rent $10.
OAK. 111—2 or 3 nice sunny housekeeping:
rooms; modern Improvements..
OAK, 119—1 sunny room, $6; 1 front room, $5;
complete for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA. 811— Elegant new sunny furnished
bay window; corner floor; bath; gas; yard.
SCOTT, 1614— First floor of 8 unfurnished
rooms; bath; garden: $16; adults only.
SILVER, 165, nr. Fourth— Front parlor and
kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 21CV4— 2 nice sunny front rooms for
light hkpg; also single; reasonable; quiet.
SIXTH. 393, corner Harrison— Sunny front
rooms, furnished for housekeeping.
SIXTH, 420— Housekeeping rooms; also elegant
parlor suite; running water, bath, closets.
STEINER. 1133— Three $>r 4 rooms furnished for
housekeeping.
SUTTER, 1148— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms for light housekeeping; also offices.
TEH AM A. 62, near Second— s9; lower part of
house; first rate order.
TENTH, 136, corner Minna— Sunny housekeep-
ing rooms; running water; stove.
THIRD, 30* — Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; other rms. cheap.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 5367. near Mission— 2 large
sunny front housekeeping rooms; furnished
complete; yard; $10.
VALENCIA, 187— Three large runny unfurnish-
ed rooms; rent $10.
VALENCIA. 1028— 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent $10.
8 AND 2 large unfurnished rooms; cellar and
yard: cheap. Inquire 561 Sixth st.
BOOMS i'O LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny -t.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suits or t ngle; first-clasa
in every respect, terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The, 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, -ultes $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited: elev*tr;tel.
BIRCH aye., 18— Large sunny front room, with
fireplace; reasonable.
BIRCH aye.. 28, off Larkin st.— Furnished sun-
ny front room near City Hall.
BOHEMIA— 2B9 Post— Sunny suites and single;
all conveniences; gentlemen or families; ele-
vator; references given.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st., corner Howard-
rooms en suite or single. 25c to $1 _ night:
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
BUSH, 863 — Nicely furnished sunny single or
double room; private family; gents; refs.
CALIFORNIA, 1620— Nicely furnished front hall
room, wltu or without board; boarding.
ROOMS TO LET— continued.
CARROLLTON, 1106 Market, cor. Golden Gate—
Nicely furnished rooms and offices.
DELAWARE. 143J ■ Market— Furnished or un-
furnlFhed single and double rms.: $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 118 — Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central: very desirable; $6 per month upward.
EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished sV-^v single room,
$5; also 2 double sunny rooms, $7 and $8.
EDDY 330, between Jones and Leavenworth—
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms;
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
EIGHTH, 86. nr. Market— Largi neatly fur-
nished sunny room; bath; $6.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— Nice sumy suites
& sing., $1 50. $6 wk.; 60c. $1 day; tel. 81. 1364.
ELLIS, 826— Elegantly furnished sunny rooms,
with board. $20 up; use of parlor, piano,
'phone; special rates to students.
FILLMORE, 1720—7 handsomely modern
papered sunny ruums; large yaru and buoem i.
FILLMORE, 1020— Sunny front room, $6.
GEARY, 402— Newly fur. sunny front rms. ; 3
unfur.; cor. rms.; Ist floor; baths; transient.
GEAUY. 428. "The Gage"— Elegant furnished,
en suite and single; hot and cold water; bath.
GEARY, 622— Large front sunny bay window
room; also others; hot and cold water.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Ploasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; Jl 50 to $6 -er week.
HASKELL. The, 121 Powell— New management;
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
HARRISON, 925-1 or 2 fumifhed or unfur- j
nlshed rooms, with fireplace. j
HOWARD. S74— Sunny rooms cheap; or will
sell out cheap; good location.
HOWARD, 95314. near Sixth— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; bath; $1 week up: quiet house^
HOWARD, 1800, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny ]
front rooms; rent $8. i
JESSIE, 812— To let, a large sunny frdfct room, !
unfurnished. ' I
LEAVENWORTH, 215— Christian girl wishes j
roommate; sunny parlor; grate; bath; folding
bed; board optional.
MASON, 11— Sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished, $3 per month.
MCALLISTER, 40S— 4 unfurnished sunny rooms j
and bath; rent cheap. i
MCALLISTER, 617— Newly furnished rooms;
gas; bath; grates; hot and cold water; rea-
sonable.
MECHANICS' HOUSE, 436 Fifth— Everything
new; rms., single or suite. $1 wk. up; trana-
clent; bar in connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch. prop.
MINNA, _— Single and double, $1 and $1 75 ;
week. l
MINNA, 450— Neatly furnished sunny front
room, with closet, $4 GO.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 953 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms; transient; new house: central.
NINTH, 20. near Market— Front bay-window
room; folding bed; grate; gas; $8.
O'FAKRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single: flret claaa.
PINE, 1004, near Taylor— Sunny furnished and
unfurnished rooms; reasonable.
POLK, 610— Handsomely furnished room; grate;
gas, and use of bath; private family.
POLK, 1635— Front single room, $6 per month;
new and desirable: references.
POST 909— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
single and double; $5, $7, $8; private house.
RITCH, 210 — 4 rooms and yard, $10. Inquire
206H Ritch st.
SEVENTH, 178— New house, newly furnished;
modern, sunny; single or suite: $6 to $20 mo.
SELL your furniture to UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant aye., near Marke; st.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 242— Sunny front rooms; suites,
single; facing plaza; day or month.
SUTTER, 1111— Clean and comfortable furnished
rooms; single and en suite: very reasonable.
TAYLOR. 109— Handsomely furnished suite,
suitable for doctor's office, clairvoyant or
massage parlors; transient solicited.
TAYLOR, 833— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single: bath, gas.
TURK, 110"— Sunny furnished rooms and of-
flces.
WEBSTER 1816— Sunny double room, newly
furnished, bath, $i; or 2 gents, $S; private
family. Apply rear flat.
1 PRIVATE room (or gents and two for ladles,
where those who wish to borrow money on
watches and Jewelry are waited on, at UN-
CLE HARRIS 1 , 15 Grant aye., nr. Market st.
$6 MONTH; bed and sitting room combined;
sunny; furnished. Box 708. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 1094—2 front rooms; excellent home
cooking; 2 meals; reasonable.
ELLIS, 826 — Nicely furnished single front room,
first floor; $8; with or without board.
FELL, 28 — 2 nicely furnished sunny rooms, with
board; reasonable; gas; gents preferred.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY, S7S— Large room, gas, bath; also front
room, $6; private family.
HOTEL Sutherland, 791 gutter St., corner
Jones— Best location in the city; elegantly
furnished; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; elevator; suites, with board. $50
upward. Please apply between 10 a. m. and
8 p. m.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture: first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for ■Z, $50 a month up.
HOWARD. 2606— Large sunny rm., grate, large
closet, with board, for 2 young men; $35.
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room
JONES, 513H— First-class chicken or turkey
dinner, with wine and Ice cream, to-day.
O'FARRELL, 742— Sunny single rm. : also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comfort?; piano.
PIANOS and trunks stored and money loaned
on them at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye..
near Market st.
SUTTER, H2S — Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS, 4Ho— Large sunny room with board
for two; separate beds; very cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 61S— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NTSSS aye., 712— Sunny pleasant rooms,
with board; gas; bath; $20 per month up.
VAN NESS, 930— Beautiful sunny rooms, with
board: electric lights; reasonable.
CHILDK—N BOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 51 Clara st.
EXPERIENCED lady would board infant or
older children; mother's care; $10. 2882 Six-
teenth st.. near Howard.
TURK, 524 — Wanted children or infants to
board; Ger, fam.; good home: mother's care.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crot ns. S3: fill-
ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no student* employed; extracting free
when plates are. ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 118 J.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first prises;
no students; guarantee 12 years.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less Rnd guaranteed to rtand: open evenings
997 Market st.. -corner Sixth.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. 25c; 2ik. gold
crowns, $3: gold bridge, $5; plates repalrM;
painless extraction guaranteed. N. Y. DEN-
TISTS. 869 Mission st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work -i\i fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny: set of teeth.
$4: filling, gold. 50c: sliver. 25c: crowns, $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors. 43 6th — Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. 15 yrs.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. a.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
ELEVENTH. KW-Branch offlc* of Tk* C_L
Subscriptions and ads taken.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALDS Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, . English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; suh-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. : ■ ■
AYRES* Business College, 723 Market. St.; Indi-
vidual Instruction in shorthand, 'yplng. book-
keeping-, • telegraphy, penmanship, English,
branches, etc.; life scholarship, *o0; low rates
per week and month. ■ ; ' - .
NO Humbug— Mn. Hamilton of 25214 Fourth St.,
school of. dresgcuttinsT, ' will cut • and fit all
dresses brought in on the l&th. 20tb and 21«t.
LADY teaches piano and mandolin thoroughly:
60r an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electric*!, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
eat. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 983 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory; F. C. Caldwell: II yrs'
experience. Emma Spreckels ' Idg. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc, THE MISSES LANE. 8941 24th *t.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 123« Mar-
ket ,st.: 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
EOOKKEEPINQ. rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, ITi Parrott bldg.
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar to let. Northwest corner
Eighth and .Natoma sts.: living rooms.
STORE; 3 sunny living rooms; rent $12 W. 110
FUimore.st.. corner Haight. ■
TWO-show-window store and two living rooms
to let; cheap. ISO 2 Howard et.
OFFICES TO LET. ■___
ESJMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, heat, janitor building. Market $12 BO
r ht heat, janitor and telephone; rent* $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
DOCTOR'S office, parlor and bedroom: rent
$SO. 700 Broadway, corner of Stockton.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 503— Double parlors, car-
peted, suitable for doctor, dentist; gas; bath.
MISSION, 858 — Suitable for physician; occu-
pled by such formerly. '
PATE 503— Double parlors, car-
table for doctor, dentist; gas; bath.
S5B — Suitable for physician; occu-
ich formerly.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLe7~4 stalls or more if desired; $11 per
month. 415 First st. ' . . ' ■
~ " PHYSICIANS. .
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. CDonnell. offle*
and residence. 1021H Market, bet. 6th and 7th.
~ STORAGE.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movln* Co.
Office 401 Post rt.. cor. Powell: tel. Main ETI»
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
James E. Mathews and Sarah E. Pierce.. 4B-33
Johan G. Nelson and Matilda C. Peterson. B2-38
Louis F. Portier and Marguerite Goss 24-24
John Klokoch and Annie Vldovieh..... 28-34
Valentin Leyda and Laura Pollak. 36-18
lims-iMases-iieaths,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must b« handed
in at either of the publication offices and bo
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CALLAN— In this city, December 8, 1898. to the
wife of Eugene C. Callan, a son.
DALY— In this city. December 17, 1898. to the
wife of William H. Daly, a son.
DOYLE— this city, December 2. 1898, to the
wife of Thomas Doyle, a son. -
ELKINGTON— In this cl*y, December IS, 1898,
to the wife of J. E. Elklngton. a son.
FINNERTY— this city, November 24, 1898, to
the wife of Thomas Flnnerty. a son.
HOGAN— In this city. December 10, 1838, to the
wife of J. H. Hogan, a daughter.
KELLY— In this city, December 16. 1898, to the
wife of P. J. Kelly, a daughter.
LANG— In this city. December 12, 1898, to the
wife of Sander Lang, a son. . ;
LAWLER— thlß city. December 18. 1898, to
the wife of T. H. Lawler Jr., a son.
SCHWARTZ— In this city. December 10, 1898, to
the wife of William M. Schwartz, a daugh-
ter.
SPELLMAN— this city. December 7, 1898, to
the wife of John F. Spetlman, a son.
MARRIED.
CAHILL— DAILY— In this city, December 4,
1838, by the Rev. Father Collins, John Cahlll
and Nellie Dally.
DODSON— In Frultvale, December
14. 189S, by the Rev. E. E. Clark, Lorenzo
Nathan Dodson and Mary Jane George, both.
'of Fruitvale. , .. . ..,•,?' '■'.-.
HUNEKUMP— RIBLE— In this city. December
16, 1898. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William
A. Hunekump and Bird Rible. ■
-_
DIED.
Ames, Kittle Henderson, George
Amstutz, Charles L. Holmes, Simon
Amiable. Davis Hurll. Annie M.
Auser. Elijah W. Hussey, Banna. J.
Barkhausen, J. C. Kelly, Richard
Blng, Michael Klein, Jacob
Bone, Beatrice Lindner. Herman
Casallas. Juana McMurdo. ElizabetH
Culbert, Robert Macdonald, Margaret
Degorski, John Marvin.* Marjorle -
Demaruni, Deeflno Mattson, Olga C. F.
. Dlstel, Victor L. Roberts, Thomas
Donahue, Patrick - Schwerln, Charles M.
Dngan, Mark M. Shroder, Louisa
Eckart, John D. Stalder, Joseph
Ellis, James J. Sullivan. James
Favor,' Daniel H. Walsh, Margaret
Flantgan, Lawrence Wolf, Hannah
Grifnn. James A.
AMES— Anaconda, Mont., December 10, 1891
Kittle, beloved daughter of George E. and
Addle P. Ames, and sister of Laura M. and
George E. Ames Jr., a native of Nevada, aged
28 years 2 months and 10 days.
Funera! services will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at the chapel of Cypress Lawn
Cemetery on the arrival of the 11:30 o'clock
train "from Third and Townsend streets.
AMSTUTZ— In Oakland. December 16, 1898,
Charles L. Amstutz, beloved father of Mrs.
Grandjean and Mrs. H. L. Amstutz. a native
of Switzerland, aged 73 years 6 months and 16
days. ' '
C7"The services will take place in Nap*
Monday, December 19. Interment private.
ANN ABLE— In this city, December 17. IS9B. at
St. Luke's Hospital. Davi3 Annable, a na-
tive of Barnstable, Mass.. aged 62 years. Late
first officer of steamship City of Para.
AUSER— In this city, December 16, 1898, Elijah
W. Auser, a native of New York, aged 79
years S months and 29 days. (New York City,
N. V.. papers please copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. J. Rushing. 1228 Alabama
' street, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BARKHAUSEN— In this city, December 16,
1898, J. C, beloved son of Bertha Barkhausen,
and brother of Mrs. Robert Coreds. Mrs. Wil-
liam Kelting and Otto A. Barkhausen. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 40 years.
; (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of;
Charles J. B. Metaler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BING— In this city. December 16, IS9B. Michael
Bing, a nx<*.lve of Germany, aged 78 years.
BONE— In Alameda, December 16, 1898, Bea-
trice infant daughter of William H. and
Abigail M. Bone (nee Schllnk), and sister or
Irma Bone, aged 9 months and 21 days.
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the "funeral this day
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock, from 1190 Park street.
Alameda. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
CASALLAS— the City and County Hospital,
December 16, 1898, Juana Casallas. a native
,of Mexico, aged 99 years.
CULBERT— In Roxbury. Mass., December 18,
1898. Robert, beloved husband of Kate Cul-
bert and father of Michael, Frank J., Martin
F , John and Dr. Robert R. • Culbert. Mrs.
Magpie Giblln and Mrs. William J. Clark of
San Francisco, aged 83 yeas 8 months and IS
dayß.
DEGORSKI— this city. December 17, 1898.
John dearly beloved husband of the late
Emllle Degorski, and father of Stephanie
Degorski, a native of Poland, aged 60 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. ■ ; .
DEMARTINI— In this city, December 16, 1898,
Deeflno, dearly beloved child or G. - B. and
Clorlnda Demartinl, a native - of San Fran-
cisco, aged 20 days. ; , - . • ■ : :
DISTEL— In Mountain View. Santa Clara
Couiity, Cal., December 16, 1838. Victor L.,
beloved son of Bernard and Caroline Distel,
and brother of Alice. Eugene, ■ Julia and
Fanny Distel, a native of California, aged 23
years 1 month and 16 days. "j. ■» - . '"
[T7The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, - from the residence
of his i parents at Mountain View. Service*
and interment at Santa Clara. .  . ■ ■:
DONAHUE— In this city, December 17. 1898,
Patrick, beloved husband of Margaret Don*»
hue, a native of County Clare, Ireland, aged
TS years.
: C7Trlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, fr«m his late resi-
dence, 236 Duncan street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, corner Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a requiem - high , mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • ,•
DUGAN— In this city, December 15, 1898. Mark
Martin, beloved • husband of Ellen Dugan,
and father of Charles E. Dugan. a native of
Aylesford. Nova Scotia, aged 75 • years 1
months and 10 days. (Nova Scotia and Boston
papers please. copy.) •-" .-.. .
K^Friends and acquaintances areTespect-
fully Invited. to attend the funeral this day
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO it
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher). .. .:
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EIiBALrER*.
' *> Fifth St., opposite Lincoln feobooi. .
Telephone South 80.
4546
CPunday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
building. Remains at the rarlora of Craig;
& Cochran, Mint avenue.
Et'KAKT— In this city, December 13, TB9B, John
I> dearly beloved son of John and Elizabeth
)>kart, and brother of the late P. A. Eck-
art Mrs. James McConnell. Mrs. James Mao-
Donald and Mrs. Dr. A. N. Roberts, a na-
tive of Virginia City, aged 26 years and 9
months. (Amador County papers please copy.)
ETFrtenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
tSundav). at 11 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall corner Seventh and Market streets,
where services will be held. Kemalns at the
parlors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company. 8 and 10 City Hall square, inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
ELLIS— In this city. December 16, 1898, James
J beloved husband of Annie Ellis, and father
of John, Willie and George Ellis, a native of
County Cork, Ireland.
t?*Friend» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. "321 i! Twenty-first street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
■out, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery-
FA Yon—in Oakland. December 17 lE9S. Daniel
H , son of Nellie and the late Fred Favor,
and grandson of H. B. Rand, a native of
Oakland, aged 17 years and B months.
FLAXIOAN— In this city, December 17, 1898.
Lawrence, beloved husband or Annie Flanl-
gan, a native of County Gal way, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
C^Fn^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
nday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dem-f. 2424 Harrison street, thence to St.
s Church, where a requiem high masi
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cemetery.
GKIFIIN— In this city. December 16. 18S8,
Janus Albert, only and dearly beloved son
of James J. and Emma Grlffln. and brother
of Edna and Maggie Griffin, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years 6 months and 26 days.
ITTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
Tilly invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, fmm the residence of
his parents. 226 Clara street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HENDERSON— In this city. December 15. 1888,
George Henderson, a native of England, aged
M yea
HOLMES— In this city, December 15. 1898,
Simon Holmes, a native of County Wexford,
Ireland, aged 65 years.
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
.1. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. • dan's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HURLL- In Oakland, December 17. 1898, Annie
M. beloved wife of William Hurll. beloved
Bister of Mrs. Harry Clapp, Miss Barbara
Wagner and Melvin Holland, and stepdaugh-
ter of Denny Holland, a native of Maryland,
aped 2.". years and 6 months.
HUSSET—In this city, December 17, 1898,
Hanna J. Hussey (nee Ault), beloved daugh-
ter of Mary A. and the late Joseph P. Ault,
and sister of Joseph H., Samuel W. and
Matthias P. Ault, Mrs. T. Lenehen and Mrs.
}'. Mulholland, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years 4 months and 3 days. (Lo«
Angeles papers please copy.)
tP^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 10424 Folsom street, thence to
Ft. Patrick's Church for services. Interment
-.: Calvary Cemetery.
KELLY- In this city, December 15. l<(98, Rich-
ard. ■ .' the late Borah Kelly,
father if Dr. Winifred M. Byrne, and grand-
father of Frank M. Byrne and Mrs. Peter I
.1 native of Sligo, Ireland, agt-c 1 SS
years 10 months and IS days.
C^Frlends and acquaintance! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3!i3 Geary street, thenoe to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue. Interment
t Calvary Cemetery.
KLEIN— In the City and County HoFpital, De-
cember 17, IS9B, Jacob Klein, a native of Ba-
aged 54 years.
LINDNER— In the City and County Hospital,
I'e.c : -, Herman Lindner, a native
rmany, aged 36 years.
McMXJRDO— In this city. December 16. 1898,
Elizabeth A. McMurdo (nee Quigley), beloved !
wife of Dr. John K. McMurdo, a native of
Mariposa County, Cal., aged 33 years i months
and 28 Jays.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 5.30 o'clock, front her late
residence, 1718 Geary street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment M'iunt Calvary Cemetery-
llACDONALD— ln this city. December 17, 1898, |
Margaret, beloved widow of ;he late John j
E. Macdonald, a native of Launching Place,
Prince Edward Island, Canada, aged 79
- an<i I months.
D_,"TI; • funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1335 Jackson street, thence to fc-t.
Brißid's Church, Van Ness avenue, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
■k. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
' 'akland. Please omit flowers.
MAKVIN— In Seattle, December 16, IS9B, Mar-
. [■•■Lived wife of C. E. Marvin, mother
of Marjorle Marvin, daughter of May and
the lav- Colin Mclntosh, and sister of Colin
and J. F. Mclntosh and Mrs. A. \V. Suther-
land, a native of Australia.
MATTBON— In this city, December 16, 1898.
ciltra C F., eldest and dearly beloved daugh-
ter ot Albert and Anna Mattson, and sister
of Llllie and Hazel Mattson, a native of San
Francisco, aged it years 4 months and 26 days.
CTFrleiUla and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence. Al
her parents. 326 Francisco street, between
[ton and Powell. Interment I. O. O. F.
■ Cemetery.
ROBERTS— Oakland. December 17, IS9B.
Thomas, beloved husband . of Bridget Rob-
erts, and father of Thomas F., Delia and
Richard Roberts. Mrs. Frank J. Kennedy
and Mrs. Frank Smith, a native of Wales,
aged 60 years.
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 20. -at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 116S Twenty-second street, near
Adeline, thence to St. Francis de Sales
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, San Mateo County.
BCHWERIN— In this city, December 17. 1898,
Charles M., beloved husband i i the late Marie
Bchwerin, and beloved father of Lizzie M.
and William M. Schwerln, a native of Ger-
many, aged 62 years and 6 months. A mem-
ber of Harmony Lodge No. 9, A. O. U. W. ;
Fearless Legion No. 2. S. K. of A. Harmony
Lodce No. 15, K. of P.: Redwood Camp,
Woodmen of the World, and the Teamsters'
Union.
tns"Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2324 Folsom street, thence to Alcazar
building. O'Farrell street, where services will
be held under the auspices of Harmony
Lodge No. 3, A. O. U. W., at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BHRODER— In this city, December 16, 18%,
Louise Shroder, a native of Germany, aged S3
years.
BTALDER —In this city, December 17, 1898,
Joseph, husband of Mary C. Stalder, and
father of Joseph Stalder Jr. and Mrs. K. L.
Cutter, a native of Canton Lucerne, Switz-
erland, aged 76 years and 2 months.
IE?" Notice of fur.eri! hereafter.
SULLIVAN— In this city. December 1«, IS9S.
James, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Brown Sullivan, and uncle of James F. Ham-
ilton, Mrs. J. C. Weir of Vallejo and Mrs.
John Cochrane of Portland. Or., a native of
Glasgow, Scotland, aged 70 years 1 month and
2 days.
CD^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Scottish Hall,
111 Larkin street. Interment Laurel Hall
Cemetery.
WAI. SIT - In this city. December 17, 1898, Mar-
garget, beloved wife of John Walsh,
and mother of Anna. Nell, Acnes and the
late Maggie May Walsh, and sister of Mrs.
Mary Dunphy, a native of Watervllle, County
Kerry. Ireland.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Abbotsford House, corner Broadway
and Larkin street, thence to St. Brlgid's
Church. Broadway and Van i.ess avenue
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10:30
o'clock. Interment National Cemetery. Pre-
Bidlo.
WOLF— In this city, December 17. 189S Han-
nah, wife of th» late Caspar Wolf, and be-
loved mother of Mrs. Charles S. Harris
Mrs. R. Cannon an.; Hyinan, Emil. Louis
Newman and Jennie Wolf, a native of For-
don. Germany, aged 64 years.
Friends and acquaintance! are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, !'r..m her late resi-
dence. 303 Fulton street. Interment Hills .if
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
Bishop of the lowa Diocese.
OTTUMWA, la., Dec. 17. -Rev. J. Hol
lisi.-r T.ynch of this city, as chairman of
the standing committee of the Episcopate
of lowa, has received from Rev. Dr
Theodore N. Morrison of Chicago his let
ter of acceptanre of tho office of Bishop
of the lowa Diocese. The election of Dr.
Morrison will now have to be confirmed
by the iifty-eight different standing com
mittees of the church In the United
g, and then by the House of Bishops.
The procedure will take two months.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGN.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 17.— Wheat weaker;
Walla Walla, 5Sc; valley, 60c; blue stem, 62c.
Cleared— Steamer Columbia, for Hongkong.
with 22,978 barrels of flour; also 300 cases beer
for Manila. WASmNGTON .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 17.— Wheat— Club, 59c; blue
Btem, 62(&62%c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. .
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. Exchangee, $313,
771; balances,
STARVING PEOPLE
APPEAL TO THE
STATE FOR AID
Pitiful Story of Destitution Comes
prom Loc^wood, Monterey
County.
Entire Families in the Con)n)unity Whose Only
Food for Months Has Been Shorts
and Bran.
Reports received by Governor Budd |
from the southern part of Monterey
County represent that the inhabitants
of that region of California are face to
face with a most distressing situation.
There can be no auestion that supplies
of food for the peuple are Immediately
required. There are other pressing
wants, such as seed and feed for cattle,
horses and poultry, but the Imperative
and immediate demand is nourishment
for the inhabitants themselves. The
story of the present destitution and im
pending distress Is told in the following
contribution to The Call:
LOCKWOOD MASS MEETING.
Editor Call: At a mass meeting held in
Lockwood Hall, Monterey County, De
cember 13, IS9&, to consider the necessities i
of this community and try and devise i
means of relief, the following business
was transacted, viz.:
Dr. Galbreth of Jolon was elected chair
man and Dr. J. A. Miller secretary. A pe
tition to the State Executive, numerously
signed, was presented and approved by
the meeting asking the Governor to devise
means for the Immediate and permanent
relief of our suffering citizens, after which
the following resolutions were unani
mously adopted:
Resolved, first. That we, inhabitants of
Southern Monterey County, Lockwood
P. 0., and surrounding country, in mass
meeting assembled, are. by the force of |
circumstances over which we have no j
control, compelled to recognize the fact i
that a painful amount of actual need is
prevailing in this part of our county,
caused by the long continued drought,
causing the utter failure of crops this last
year.
Resolved, second, That while we grate
fully recognize the efforts of our Super
visors and the noble work performed by
committees appointed in the county to aid
in relieving this unprecedented distress, j
we, with them, recognize their utter In- ;
ability to supply the needs of all. and as j
a consequence many of our worthy citi
zens must suffer unless aid is secured
more abundantly and that immediately..
Resolved, third. That as a consequence
this meeting deems it expedient to ap
point a committee of five of our citizens
to present this matter to the Executive I
of this State, with the hope that measures
may be devised to secure adequate, per
manent and immediate relief.
A committee was accordingly appointed,
consisting of William Ptnkerton, Pleyto;
J. A. Miller, M. D.. Lockwood; B. Wilison,
Lockwood; Dr. Galbreth, Jolon; Mr. Long
meyre, Lockwood.
It was then ordered that a small col
lection of 5 cents be taken to furnish sta
tionery for the committee. One dollar
was reaJized. The committee was In
structed to purchase the supplies from
parties in sympathy with this movement.
Dr. Miller then read an outline of a
letter to Governor Budd, which was
adopted as expressive of the sentiment of
the meeting. The following is a copy of
the letter referred to:
To His Excellency James Budd, Gov
ernor of California: We, your constitu
ents, residents of Monterey County, Cali
fornia, and citizens of the United States,
would respectfully present to your notice
the following facts, and invite your most
serious attention to the same, with the
hope that you. In your executive capacity,
may be able to devise some immediate^
rueana of relief.
It is well known that In this part of
Monterey County there has little or no
rain fallen since a year ago last Febru
ary, ar.d a scarcity of rain for several
years previous had caused a shortage of
crops, while this year we have had an
entire failure. As a result in many cases
feed, seed and family supplies are com
pletely exhausted and in many more are
marly so. Cattle, hogs and poultry have
been disposed of to meet our necessities,
while hundreds of cattle have died from
actual starvation.
Our poorest horses have been shot, our
next poorer have been turned out to shift
for themselves, while our best are eating
the last hay we have means to purchase.
Some are away to pasture and we have
no means to pay for the same or secure
their return. We have nothing left to dis
pose of. Our farms are mostly mortgaged
for all that can be raised on them, and
moneyed men and banks will loan no
money on unlncumbered real estate In this
part of the county.
Merchants cannot possiby carry this
vast concourse of people, as they cannot
buy on the long time required by these
consumers. The milling company will
furnish no feed or seed until it rains, and
then only on a crop and chattel mortgage,
which, if given, leaves the merchant with
out security and at once stops all family
supplies and the result must be inevitable
starvation. There are families in this
community who have lived for months on
bran and shorts; others who have lived for
weeks on bread and water and scores who
have had neither milk, butter, meat or
land. These must be supplied. We make
untold.
Local committees and county officials
are feeding hundreds, but hundreds more
lira In need who cannot be supplied, and
the worst ia yet to come. Hay for horses
and the few stock left, bran for milch
cows kept alive on moss, and for feed for
a lone pig or a few fowls which yet re
main, and family supplies of all kinds are
needed at once and must be had or the
most direful results must ensue.
These people are not spendthrifts nor
I paupers. They solicit no charity; they
simply ask for facilities by which to help
themselves; money or supplies at a rea
j sonable interest until they can secure re
1 turns or work at living: wages to keep soul
and body together. Others are old and in
lirm, tottering on the edge of the border
land. These must be supplied. We make
no suggestion as to methods; we simply '
present facts as they exist and leave your i
mature judgment to devise the immediate
, remedy. Should you deem it expedient
! to communicate with us for any further
! information address the undersigned, our
secretary.
By order of a maps meeting of citizens
held in Lockwood Hall December 13
J. A. MILLER, U. 8., M.D.,
Secretary.
Upon the receipt vi the foregoing
statement Governor Budd was inter
viewed. He had been advised that feed
for stock was very scarce in several
sections of the State, that many horses
and cattle have perished; and was also
informed that supplies of seed would
be necessary in order to enable the
farmers to put in another crop, but the
full measure of the distress was not
realized until he received the statement
from the destitute inhabitants of the
southern region of Monterey County.
The Governor is of the opinion that
there is nothing in the constitution to
prevent the extension of aid to the
farmers in distress. The subject had
already engaged his attention to the
extent that a recommendation was em- 1
bodied In his message so the Legisla
ture. Commenting on the situation, the
Governor said:
"The supplies necessary for the relief
of the people in that and other dis
tricts of the State should be provided
without appealing to other than the i
public spirited citizens of California for i
assistance. We should not appeal to !
other States or to the United States for i
aid. The Chambers of Commerce, the !
Hoards of Trade, Merchants' Associa- I
tior.s and wealthy citizens should con- '
tribute money and supplies to bridge '
over the distress until the Legislature
convenes. I understand that Claus :
Spreckels, John D. and Adolph Spreck- J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
els have already made contributions to
the relief of the needy, and when the
facts are made known to the public
other progressive and liberal men of
the State will contribute to the good
cause."
Governor Budd did not cite the pro
vision of the constitution of the State
authorizing the Legislature to appro
priate money to purchase supplies and
seed for destitute farmers, but main
tained that if authority could be found
for appropriating $178,000 to support
horse racing at agricultural fairs, it
could be found for appropriating means
to save people from starvation.
"I am not prepared to say at this In
stant," continued the Governor, "just
how the Legislature should proceed to
furnish the adequate relief. It is my
purpose to give the subject earnest and
thorough consideration. I shall prob
ably supplement recommendations al
ready prepared for my message. lam
confident that the Legislature can meet
the emergency. The present duty is
to provide measures of immediate re
lief and that duty must be performed
by the prosperous people of the State.
We must not permit begging bureaus
to be established In the East to collect
money and supplies for the destitute
of California. We can take care of
the distress at home, but prompt action
is demanded."
TO FLUSH THE SEWERS.
Olympic Club Salt Watsr Pipes to Be
Made Use of as a Sanitary
Measure.
The Board of Health a few days ago
served notice upon Superintendent of
Streets Ambrose that owing to the scarc
ity of rain the sewers of the city wore
badly in need of flushing and requested
him to proceed at once with the work.
Mr. Ambrose replied that he would do
everything he could with the little cash
that is left him and at once set his men
at work.
Following the same Idea Mayor Phelan
raked up from the records the franchise,
granted the Olympic Club people and re
fers to it In the following letter to tho
Board of Health:
Gentlemen: I desire to call your nttentlon to
order No. 2492 of the Board of Supervisors,
granting the Olympic Club and its successors,
now the Olympic Salt Water Company, a fran
chise for salt water pumping, etc.. as follow*:
Subdivision 2. Whenever the Mayor, the Board
of Supervisors, the Board of Health, or In case
of fire, the Fire Department, shall determine
that it is for the interest and welfare uf the
people of this city and county to use the
water from said system for flushing sewers
(provided It Is not more than five times each
year), or extinguishing fires, it shall have the
right to do so free of charge; and said Olympic
Club shall, when required by this boaj-d or other
governing body, make connections with the
paid mains for the erection and use by the
city and county of hydrants at suitable loca
tions for the aforesaid purposes.
In Board of Supervisors, San Francisco, Feb
ruary 1, 1592.
OEO. H. SANDERSON, Mayor.
Approved February 1, 1592.
I would recommend to the board to devise a
plan by which the advantages accruing to the
city under this franchise may be used. Re
spectfully, JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
S Newell. Stockton | S H Cohn, Stockton
S H Williams. Cal J Alger, Oakland
J E Ward, Mudetto O Strong. Oakland
G Lingo. Cal Dr McLean & w. Sac
C W Mark. Cal A Soloman, Helena
C E Hollister. Cal W C Ixivejoy. Chicago
T H Warton, S Cruz A Osgoodby, Cal
W Lamsden, S Cruz F A Boole. Sander
C Taber. S Cruz J D Biddle. Hanford
W H Cooper, Berkeley 'AV R Bacon, L Ang
R E Jack Jr. Berkly C B Shaver, Fresno
T W Dibble, Berkeley ¥ Chlttenden, Fresno
J F More. Berkeley ! F Tlbbets. Chicago
A Brown, Kerrville T Newman&w, L Ang
P McVlcar, Llvermore C H Dobbel & w. Cal
A Beazill, Llvermore . S B Fultnn, S Roe,a
J Burns, Vacaville J Willlamw&w, S Jose
Mrs Hobson. Vallejo |L Fulkerth, Modesto
B Towne, Palo Alto Lee Chu. Honolulu
F E Curtis, L Ang Mrs Dial, S L Obispo
A Rowland, NY H Well'- New Mcx
J Shelley. Eugene c Winnlpg
S Rosenwald, Chicago G D Cass. Colusa
F N Rust. Cal T Courtney, S Cruz
\V J Charity. NT A Harlev Berkeley
W Holabud. L Ang H Click. Stockton
E W Holland, Tulare W E Gerber, Sacto
J N Russell, L Ang C E Mellor. lowa
H J Bruml, Cal W J Rogers, S Jos«
PALACE HOTEL.
C R Drake. Tucson H E Chancy. Mont
Mlbs P Drake, Tucson c E Johnson, Mont
Miss B Drake, Tucson W M Graham Cal
W L Drake, Tucson R V Ellis. Hanford
D Wheelock. NY C T Hnnshall N V
P A Xewmark. L Ang W G Elder. Oakland
J O Chambers, Pa E F Michado. Aiamda
J B Quigley, L Ang IF O Chamberlain. Paris
Dr A Cole & w.Minn \ v I^ve. Portland
E C Klauber, Chgo J C Karp, L Ang
J W noa-.n. Chgo U S Grant Jr. S Diego
A C Luke & w. Nfibr ;M Hancy. N V
B D Murphy, S Jose |Mrs J Stevens N V
G S Hall, Worcester Miss L Stevens. N V
It T McCreedy. Pa iMiss E Stevens, N V
G Reeves. Alliance L B Stevens, N V
A Hamilton. Albany F T Pugh, N V
J F Lord. Chgo M H Foley. Minn
J M Wells. Ct Louis C J Quinn. N V
S I'pson, Walla Walla J J Crooks, S Rafael
H M Pearce, St Paul C B Nlcolson. N V
Q H Mcßae. St Paul E R Crooks. N V
W H Mead. Portland |A L, Levlnsky. Btktn
E R Smith, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Bell. Sacto |C B Winner. Detroit
D A Williams, Sacto I A Hanson, Hanford
E Elliott. R Vista A J Laux. St Louis
E W Nicholas. Portld J Donnelly, Benlcla
.1 l.nke, Salem C F White, Huisun
E Peterson. Honolulu A D Pp»"-« S Diego
Q Stark. Chicago W McCarthy, Uklah
A Pepenberg, New Mx L Phillips, Truckee
B H Deny, NY P F Danleln, Carson
H Hewitt, L Ang J M Baxter. Fresno
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Saturday, December 17.
Stmr National City, Dettmera, Grays Har
i bor.
Stmr Weeott. Dunham, Yaqulna Bay.
Ptmr Chilkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, .Stockfteth, Crescent City.
Stmr Del Norte. Allon, Tlllamook Bay.
I Stmr Point Arena. Hansen, Mendoclno.
! Stmr Westport, I'ctersun.
j Stmr Brunswick, Andresen.
i Stmr Aloha. Nnrßenspn, Fort Bragß.
! Stmr Sequoia, Thwlng, Fort Brajfg.
j Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson, Everett.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOB, Dec 17. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Dec 17— Br ship Morven,
hence Dec 4.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Leelanaw.
lienc«> Dec 14.
PORT BLAKELEY- Sailed Dec 17 — Ship
Jamea N Smith, for DelaKua Bay.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Sunol,
frcin San Pedro.
BOOTH BEND— Arrived Dec 17— Schr North
Bend, hence Dec 11.
TACOMA— Sailed Dec 17— Schr Glendale. for
San Pedro.
COOS BAT— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr South Port
land, for San Francisco; Bchr Goioma, for San
Francisco; stmr Arcata, for San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Empire, hence Dec 15.
BANDON— Arrived Dec 17— Schr Barbara
Hernster, hence Dec 14.
NEWPORT— Arrived Dec 17— Schr Mabel
B, from Eureka.
RT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Dec 17— Stmr
zar. for San Francisco.
KEKA— Palled Dec 17— Stmr Pomona, for
Francisco; stmr Samoa, for San Francisco;
schr J B L«>Pds, for San Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY— In bay Dec 17— Chil ship
Hlndoßtan. for Callao; bark Ceylon, from
Seattle, for Honolulu.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Dec 17— Stmr Hueneme,
for Eureka; schr Azalea, for Grays Harbor.
USA!.— Arrived Dec 17— Stmr Newsboy, from
Monterey.
YOLO BRINGS
SUIT AGAINST
THE STATE
First of a Series of
Actions.
CLAIMS BACK COMMISSIONS
FEES DEMANDED FOR COLLEC
TION OF TAXES.
Firm of Sacramento Lawyers Obtains
Contracts From Boards of Sup
ervisors to Institute
Proceedings.
Si>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 17.— The first of
a series of suits affecting large sums of
money said to be due tne counties from
the State has been brought in Yolo
County, and others will, in a few days,
be instituted in Sacramento and forty
other counties of the State. Within the
past two months the law firms of
Devlin & Devlin of Sacramento and
Rodgers, Paterson & Slack of San
Francisco have been securing con
tracts from the Boards of Supervisors
of the various counties under which
they were authorized to bring suits
against the State, in the name of the
counties, for the recovery from the
State of back commissions. It has de
veloped that the claims are based on
certain laws which provide that the
Auditor, Assessor, Tax Collector and
Treasurer are entitled to commissions
and fees in connection with the collec
tion of the State taxes of the fiscal
years from 18y3 to 1898. In the case of
Yolo County alone these commissions
are set forth to aggregate $26,771 20.
It. T. Devlin, of Devlin & Devlin,
said to The Call correspondent with
reference to the suits:
"The counties make settlement with
the State between the 15th of December
and the Ist of January, each year. In
order to protect our rights we have in
stituted the present suits. In the case
of one county, Madera, the District At
torney has Instructed the State Con
troller to hold the money until the suit
has been determined. We are not pre
pared now to state our case to the
public. It would take us a whole day
to explain it to the courts, and it would
take a week to explain it so that the
general public would understand. We
do not know yet how much each coun
ty, or, in fact, any county, is entitled
to; that can only be determined after
we have tested in court the various
points that will arise in each case.
COUNTIES THAT WILL
SUE THE STATE
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 17.— William H.
Devlin, on behalf of the county of Marln,
filed a petition or affidavit for a writ of
mandate to-day, compelling State Con
troller Edward P. Colgan to pay the
county the sum of $19,314 42, overpaid taxes
for the fiscal years 1593-94, 1594-95, 1895-96,
1896-97. 1597-9 S. -.-- i\ ; V
SALINAS, Dec. 17.— The first step in a
Buit for the recovery of $26,841 33, alleged
to be due to the county of Monterey from
the State of California, was taken this
morning, when a petition was filed in tne
Superior Court for a writ of mandate
against E. P. Colgan, State Treasurer,
to compel the State to allow Monterey
County to retain the amount stated as
commissions, charges and fees collected
during certain years. This is one of the
many similar suits instituted in differ
ent counties under the authority of
Boards of Supervisors. „
SA.NTA CRUZ, Dec. 17.— The county
of Santa Cruz has begun suit against
State Controller Colgan to r<=-->yer $18,567
for commissions due for the collection of
State taxes. V£j-^
JUDGE PATERSON
TALKS OF THE SUITS
Judge Van R Paterson of the firm of
Rodgers, Paterson & Slack made the
following statement regarding the
merits of the suits instituted by various
counties against the State for commis
sions for the collection of State taxes:
Some years ago the Legislature, in it 9
■wisdom, saw ttt to say to the several
counties of the State that if those coun
ties would collect revenues provided for
by the different statutes the State would
Day to them, the said counties and their
officers as commissions for the collection
of such revenues a certain percentage.
Accordingly the Legislature provided for
such commissions and fees, and that act
was followed by the various counties in
the collection of the revenues of the State
and the counties were allowed the com
missions provided for by that act in their
settlement with the Controller at each
annual settlement. . .
At a subsequent session or the Legisla
ture an attempt was made to do away
with the collection of these commissions
by the several counties. The counties
now claim that this attempt was inef
fectual; in other words, that the act pro
viding for compensation to the several
counties for the collection of State rev
enues has never been repealed.
It is contended that the act providing
for commlsisons has never been repealed,
and the attorneys repxesenting the coun
ties claim that upon a proper showing it
will be apparent that the counties are still
entitled to a credit for and on account of
commissions allowed to them by the orig
inal act. In support of their contention
counsel for the various counties have sev
eral grounds.
On Thursday last counsel representing
the counties claiming credit on account
of the act which has heretofore been sup
posed to be repealed presented to Con
troller Colgan claims representing one
million dollars. On account of the very
large amount claimed the Controller has
concluded that he will insist on a final
judgment by the Supreme Court of this
State. It is, therefore, the purpose of the
Controller, the Attorney General and the
counties to submit to the Supremo Court
at the earliest possible moment the ques
tion whether the claims are valid. There
will be a meeting of the Controller, the
Attorney General and the attorneys rep
resenting the claimants at Sacramento
un Wednesday next to consider what
should be done, with respect to a speedy
determination of the questions involved.
In order to protect the counties counsel
employed by them have prepared and
filed petitions for mandate requiring the
Controller to allow in settlement the re
spective amounts claimed to be due each.
As a test case counsel representing the
claimants will apply to the Supreme
Court for a mandate requiring the Con
troller in his settlement with Sutter Coun
ty to allow to the County Treasurer of
that county in settlement of the amount
due from it the commissions and fees
which that county is entitled to under the
law which it is claimed has never been
repealed.
Good Health of Troops in Porto Bico.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.— Most encour
aging reports concerning the health of the
American troops garrisoned in Porto Rico
continue to reach the War Department.
To-day General Henry cabled from San
Juan to Adjutant General Corhin that
there were no deaths among the troops
on the 16th Inst., making four days with
out a fatality.
lowa and Oregon at Valparaiso.
VALPARAISO. Dec. 17.— The United
States battleships lowa and Oregon, on
their way to the Philippines, arived here
at 11 o'clock this forenoon.
"JUSTICE IS
DEAD IN SAN
FRANCISCO"
People's Verdict in the
Rosser Case.
THAT REMARKABLEACQUITTAL
CHIEF OF POLICE LEES IS DIS
HEARTENED.
Something Is Radically Wrong in the
Matter of the Drawing of
the Trial Juries, He
Says.
"Justice ie "dead in San Francisco," is
the general verdict, or rather the wail of
the people.
"She passed through many dangerous
crises," said one citizen, "and for some
inexplicable reason died in the Rosser
case."
"In a case, too," said another, "where
the defense was pitiful in its grasping at
straws and the blackness of that senseless
butchery overshadowed all."
"It was a wanton crime," a third man
said, "and the blood of the murdered
Hllderbrand cries in vain from the reek
ing soil of this lawless State."
"What jumble of justice, what dark
cabinet of hocus-pocus, what hideous
abort of reason," cried a fourth, "set red
handed Rosser free— free to go on his way
killing and rejoicing in the malignity of
his soul?"
"Rosser has a precedent of his own
now," said a prominent attorney, "and
has a peculiar law unto himself, so in
terpret twelve California good men and
true."
This is the tenor of the things people
are saying on the streets, and the words,
strong though they be, are inadequate to
express the deep dissatisfaction the pub
lic feels over the verdict that acquitted
the drunken, murderous soldier. Rosser,
a morose, Irascible, quarrelsome fellow,
feared by his comrades and shunned by
his officers when sober, and a furious
demon when in liquor, his usual condi
tion whenever in reach of the bottle, com
mitted an atrocious crime, came into
court with tfce pitiful plea that in some
low groggery somebody for some reason
or other drugged his whisky. The rarity
the absurdity and the stupidity of that
excuse is lost in tha brain-dulling amaze
ment that a jury could be found that
would listen to it without a bribe.
There are long, loud whispers that
Rosser's people were wealthy, and that
it flowed out In all directions, even in
that quarter of the compass where is
located the jury-box of Superior Court,
Department No. 6, but this hardly rises
to the importance of an accusation. It
is only a whisper. The public knew the
Judge of that court to be above the
shadow of a suspicious thought not to his
honor. So it gropes for a reason for
this unparalleled acquittal.
Chief of Police Lees sat in his office
yesterday, disconsolate over the verdict.
The crime had been committed before a
cloud of witnesses, the case of the people
was established ere the smpko of the mur
derer's revolver had floated away. At
least the cell-door of a long imprisonment
was open Just before Rosser. But the
Chief's plans all mlslayed, and the crimi
nal went free.
"It is distressing," almost moaned the
gray-headed Police Chief yesterday. "I
am disgusted with that result. The drug
ging Rosser got was the cheap whisky
ho lllled himself up on around the Bar
barv Coast saloons.
"Oh, I don't know who or what to
blame," he continued wearily, "but there
is something wrong with the jury busi
ness. We can't get the right kind of men
| when we want them. Mind you, I am not
I accusing any of those twelve men who
consider Rosser an innocent, misused
man. I am not swearing to any individual
complaints, but Rosser should at least
have gone to the State prison for a term
of years If not hung for his horrible crime.
It was the most senseless verdict that has
ever disgraced this city or the State. J
repeat, the method of drawing a jury
should be changed. Now when a jury is
discharged, by some blundering their
names get back in the box and they are
drawn out again. I know this to be true.
A man named Wilcox while serving in
the Becker case was actually drawn for
the Elsie Williams case and was also
drawn for another case at the same time.
There is too much carelessness in this
matter and a big leak somewhere. The
$2 fee system for criminal juries is bad.
It brings a class of chronic jurors around
the courtrooms. But I am too disheartened
to talk to-day. I was sure we could con
vict Rosser, bocause his guilt was so
manifest and his excuse so flimsy. But
we couldn't do it. Something is wrong, is
all wrong."
Extra Pay for Volunteers.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 17.—Representa
tive Hull, chairman of the House Com
mittee on Military Affairs, to-day Intro
duced a bill giving two months' extra
pay to volunteer troops recently serving
abroad, and a month for those serving at
home.
CAPTURED THE WATCHMAN.
Daring Bobbery of a Penney lvania
Mining Company's Safe.
CHESTER, Pa., Dec. 17.— Five men en
tered the Seaboard Oil Works this morn
ing, shot the watchman, Joseph Mitchell,
in the leg. bound his hands and feet and
blindfolded him. While one of the men
stood guard over the watchman the others
blew open the safe in the office. Taking
the contents— less than $100 — they made
their escape. The safe was wrecked and
the office badly damaged. A large amount
of money was received at the works yes
terday for the payment of the weekly
wages of the employes, but this fund was
lodged in a local bank for safe keeping.
.'. . ." ADVERTISEMENTS.
if m ■» ?9
Is Dr. Humphreys* Cure for
Colds, Lingering Coughs and
. The air is filled with poison-
ous Grip, . it enters the system
with every Cold and is mani-
lest by the tenacious way the
Cold "hangs on."
"77" taken early breaks it
up promptly. Taken during its
prevalence prevents its inva-
sion. Taken while suffering a
cure is speedily realized.
At druggists or sent prepaid; price 25c. and
50c.;, large pocket flask, $1. Dr. Humphreys'
Manual at druggists or Bent free.
Humphreys' Med. Co., cor. William & John
Bts.. New York. Be sure to get •-
HUMPHREY'S
I C QDIIM'C FOR LUTHER SEX.
LtDnUrBO Thl* remedy being in-
jected directly to the
S'"" oOk seat of those diseases
Q I* of the Genito-Urinarj
Jri FjSH Organs, requires no
RjK Hp change of diet. Cure
■■ wg \. VSggj gnarantced in 1 to 3
Anjm small plain pack-
II W 'SS "WT3 3.T0. . by mail, SI.OO.
' ■ •■■ " ' P* SS^^,- by kih
GEO. DAHLBENDER A CO., Solo Agenu.
t!4 Kearny st., San Fr&nciico, Cal.
GREAT RACING
AFTER HARES
AT INGLESIDE
Dogs Fell Exhausted
in Their Flight.
SOME THREE-MILE COURSES
BETTING ON MOONDYNE AND
PATRIA MATCH RACE.
Owing to the Strong Running Quali
ties of the Hares the Talent
Received Som« Heavy
Jars Yesterday.
The betting public were strongly In evi
dence at Ingleside Park yesterday, and
several thousand dollars changed hands
on the results. Captain Clarkson of the
House of Correction was one of the In
terested spectators and he did not hesi
tate to say that in all of his days of
coursing he never witnessed such long
and grueling runs.
The hares certainly had their running
shoes on and as a result seven out of ten
made their escape. The gruelers were
the courses between Hattle and Tulla
more, time 3 mm. 24 sec; Rush o' Hill and
Snapshot. 2 mm. 37 sec; Lady James and
Sportsman, 2 mm. 50 sec; Florence N and
Brutus, 3 mm. 1 sec; Laurelwood and
Palmer Hill, 2 mm. 20 sec; Terrona and
Statesman, 3 mm. 46 sec; Belle Seward
and Fear Not. 4 mm. 25 sec; Miss Alice
and Magnet, 3 mm.
The talent fell down on Miss Grizzle
and Bendalong. a 1 to 3 shot; Pat Malloy
and Rocklin lielle, 5 to 3; Snap Shot and
Rush o' Hill, 5 to 1; Florence and Brutus,
2 to 1; Prince of Fashion and Maid of
Hill, 5 to 3; Emerald and Bit of Fashion,
3 to 2, and Martha Washington and For
give, 3 to 1.
The first round of the rundown will
commence to-day at 10 o'clock sharp, and
the first course of the great match race
APVERTISEMENTIB.
ARJ^YOITONLY
A Full Five Days Treatment
of Professor Jules Laborde's Marve-
lous French Vital Restorative
CALTHOS
SENT FREE TO MEN
BY SEALED MAIL
Ho C. 0. D. or Deposit Scheme.
C.UTHOS is now recognized by all Intelli-
gent physicians as the only perfect. j>ermanent
and unfailing cure for Spermatorrhoea, Impo-
tency and Varlcocele yet discovered. It is a
preparation of the French scientist. Professor
Jules Laborde, the world's greatest specialist
In nervous diseases.
It waa Professor Laborde who first discov-
ered and proved to the satisfaction of the
French Academy by the record of 859 cases,
that these dread diseases are due to nervous
debility, and that no tre<.lment which failed
to recognize that fact and strike at the root
of the trouble could do more than give tem-
porary relief.
CALTHOS strikes at the root. It cures the
disease and removes the cause. It is the only
remedy known to science that will absolutely
cure nervous debility. It has for years been
used as a specific in the French and German
armies. It has a record of a vast number of
perfect cures in every part of Europe. It Is
duplicating its foreign success in this country.
It Is controlled in this country solely by The
Yon Mohl Co.. of Cincinnati, and Is sold under
their positive guarantee, signed and acknowl-
edged, that It will effect a perfect cure.
Every man who suffers from sexual weak-
ness, premature loss of strength and memory,
emissions, varicocele, shrunken parts, Impo-
tency, or any of the other awful results of
early abuses, excesses, or overwork and ner-
vous strain, can be cured If he will but avail
himself of the CALTHOS treatment.
The time to do so is now. Neither Calthos
nnr anything else on earth can cure you after
epilepsy sets in with the resulting consumption
and insarrity which follow naturally in the
train of nervous debility and sexual diseases.
So remarkable has been the success of CAL-
THOS and so certain Is The Yon Mohl Co. of
Its ability to effect a cure In every case, that,
In order to give every sufferer In the country
an opportunity to learn just what this remedy
can do for him. It has decided to give everyone
~~ ~—^W?^^^''~^E—^^^~ \m "~*
TO EXPLORERS, MINERS AND SPORTSMEN,
The Miner, Explorer or Sportsman wants a general
medicine that will keep in any climate and not be spoiled
by wetting in water, salt or fresh. Such a medicine is
Ripans Tabules (of the standard sort), put up in boxes of
six vials, each vial securely corked and containing six
Tabules. They cost fifty cents a box or two dollars for
five boxes. May soak a week in water without wetting
the medicine. Can be had of any druggist, or by mail
from the Ripans Chemical Company, No. 10 Sprue*
Sfj-eet. New York.
will be called immediately after the run
down. Special arrangements have been
made to accommodate the immense crowd
that will certainly be present. The re-
Bult of the rundown is as follows:
Ingleside Coursing Club, non-winner^- ptake
$SOO cash prizes— The run-down: Fireba.ii beat
Mystic, score 5-0; Hattle beat Tullamore, score
46-3; Las Palmas beat Counterfeit, score io-j-
Diana beat Master Glenkirk. score 16-12; him
Grizzle beat Bendalong. score 25-17; Lady U>_ r _
schel beat Alma, score 3-1; Pat Malloy beat
Rocklin Belle, score 15-13; Revolver beat Flash
light, score 11-8; Belle of Moscow beat Ber
neice. score 5-0; Rush o' Hill beat Snap Shot,
score 27-23; Matchless beat Fair Florence, scor«
10-2; Lady Jane beat Sportsman, score 12-1;
Thad Stevens beat Jesse Moore, score 7-4; Syl
vanua beat Willful, score 5-4; Maid of Bail beat
Killarney Lass, score 16-4; Wayfarer beat Naval
Cadet, score 22-0; Florence N beat Brutus,
score 42-12; Laurelwood beat Palmer Hill, scors
14-3; Terrona beat Statesman, score 21-9; Pet
Kirby beat Decency, score 5-0; Prince of Fash
lon beat Maid of Hill, score 9-5; Sllkwood beat
Pacific Queen, score 12-2: Commodore Naah
beat Masterpiece, score 12-5; Magic beat Ar
magh I>ass, score S-4; Marietta beat Trink,
score 27-2; Mira Monte beat Van Needa, score
12-4- Beauty beat Get There, score 5-4; Emer
ald beat Bit of Fashion, score 5-3; Gallagher
beat Quick Stitch, score 5-0; Victor Queen beat
Skylark score 6-1; Martha Washington beat
Forgive, score 8-1: Belle Seward beat Fear Not.
score 17-8; Mission Tip beat Master McGregor,
•core 8-0; Babe Murphy beat Lady Geraldine,
score 7-0; Harkaway II beat Solerno, score 6-3;
Kerry Gow beat Depend on Me, score .-3;
Prince George beat Sunburst, score 11-9; t>t.
Michael beat Mystic Maid, score 9-4; Miss Allca
beat Magnet, score 16-7; Precita Girl beat
Wolfe Tone, score 8-4.
Betting on the match race was very
spirited yesterday, with Moondyne a fa
vorite over Patrla, the odds being 18 to S,
but with good running hares Patrla
should win.
UNION PARK COURSING.
Open and Sapling Stakes Run OfC
Before a Betting Crowd.
The first round of the Sapling and Open
stakes were run off yesterday at Union
Park. The results are as follows:
Open stake— Victor King beat Mac's Melody;
Tic Tac beat Motto; Mind Your Eye beat Right
Bower; Jennie Wilson beat Leonora; Crawford
Braes beat Madge Wildfire; Jersey Lny beat
Billy Gladstone; Wild Lassie beat Kentish
Girl- Beauty Spot betit Ace of Clubs; Commo
dore beat Free Silver Boy; Bcna D« : a beat
Kclipse; Forget beat Interesting Imp; <> Gra.ly
beat Irma; Luxor beat Rest Assured; Metalho
beat Peaceful Glen; Emm Pasha beat BlacK
Pattf Lord Byron beat Arrow. Minneapolis
beat Hurricane; Honita beat Newsboy; Lib
erty Bell beat Santa Alicia; Maid of Erin beat
Pink- Golden Russet beat Victor; Left Bower
beat Prince Jerome; Rock Island Boy beat
Lottie M- Thornliill beat Koolawn; Firm Frien.-l
beat Hercules; Quiver beat Blackette; Breach
of Promise beat Sir John Arnott; Rosebud beat
Loyalty; Mayflower beat Theron; Green Valley
Maid beat Mona; Morning Glory beat Glen
Rosa- False Flatterer beat Senorlta; Whits
Chfef'beat Tocoloma: Van Cloie beat Dempsoy
Lass; One Spot beat Brilliant; Still Trying beat
Sapling stake— Winnie Lassie beat Geraldin«;
Banner Boy beat Miss Richmond; Mike Davey
beat Miss "Rabbit; Bounding Belle beat Wl<3o
West; Night Time beat Black Dot; Sara beat
Rally Again; Firm Foe won a bye; Roclc
Island King beat Hot Haste.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
>55j8 I £f ■< > SSJjs>^
who chooses to ask for It. the beneflt of fly«
days' FREE treatment.
Understand that this is no C. O. D. or De-
posit Scheme — it is absolutely free. Under-
stand, too, that The Yon Mohl Co. is not a new
nor an Irresponsible concern, but is the biggest
and most trustworthy house of the kind !n
America. This statement you can easily verify.
The CALTHOS remedy is sent in plain pack-
age; there is no publicity in receiving it or
taking it. With it comes a full treatise telling
you In plain language just what to do and just
what the remedy will do for you.
This offer can of course remain open but a
short time. It affords the greatest opportunity
ever offered to the man whose condition forces
him to look upon the future with dismay and
anxiety, and to the man whom disreputable
quacks, fake remedies and appliances have left
In a worse condition than before.
Irresponsible advertisers mislead thousands
by fake testimonials. A moment's thought will
convince you that no one would allow his nama
to be printed in cunnfetion with this class of
diseases. The Yon Mohl Co. has received a
large number of astonishing testimonials from
those who have been completely cured by CAL-
THOS after all else had failed— after doctors
had given them up and sff-called "•remedies"
had been tried In vain, but -of course it does
not print, nr>r pretend to print, communica-
tions of so delicate and private a nature.
Five days' CALTHOS treatment will place
you on the" high road to health, manly strength
and happiness— and it's free for the asking.
Ask tn-day. Address THE YON MOHL CO..
4348 Cincinnati. Ohio. The Largest Importers
of Standard Preparations in the United States.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
THE EDITOR
SUBJECTED TO
HUMILIATION
A Blank Space in the
High School Aegis.
NIGHTINGILL IN DISGRACE
FACULTY ORDERED HIS FACE
NOT TO APPEAR.
Tlw; Squabble Arose Over the Strict
Censorship of Editorial Matter.
Pupils May Ultimately
Win.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 17.
Matters between the High School stu
dents and the faculty have now reached
a crisis ar.d there is every indication that
next year the faculty will cease to
else any supervision over the students 1
magazine, the Aegis. A small sensation
has been caused by the appearance of a
blank space in the center of a large cut
in the Aegis, issued by the class of Christ
mas. "88. All the assistant editors are
honored with pictu it in the
■where onoe was the photograph of I
-:a&IU there is a blank, the faculty
having ordered the obnoxious face of X 11
tor Nigfctingill to be chopped off the plate
before the edition was printed.
This arbitrary action has precipitated a
crisis and the weigh: of public opinion
•eems to be vi favor of the students.
For a long: time Editor Nigntlngill has
been in trouble with the : . er the
question of editorial censorship. The fac
ulty flnallv suspended NightingiU for m
subordina'.ion for continuing to be an edi
tor alter he had been or. resign.
The stuients sided with \ U and
continu'jd to recognize him as the editor
of the school paper. The : -\ixded
Editor W. J. liurpee at
head of the sanctum, but took no active
to showing its opposition till the pro
irned that in the class
the.«e was to be a full page of ha::
portraits with "Editor Nighingill" in the
r. The cut was already made with
'.sightingill upon it and the paper was
going to press, whon th.-> - were
served with, an order by the faculty to
-■■! off the offender.
Burpee was also st-rved with an ord^r
that the pictu: L He
that a big hole in the middle of
. its appearance, but
■ would brook no in
with his mandate. The book
■ -day and the work of the
;.; par* at,
member of the Board of
said this afternooi.
- would probably be recog
nized as a students' p;iner. for which the
were responsible. !!•• be
• xistence of a cens
students' work impels them to
-:-es and his ideas are
• I by others.
Hot a of the paper
the following:
■Whereas. It has eon:e to pass that a lunatic
has been running the affairs or the Aegis, and
•whereas. It Is the divine right or the faculty
to manage things; be it
na— (null That tlje Aegis hereafter be in
l?5«* !::in-is of th^-fartrity and r.ext term every
thing from jcjh column to editorials be haaded
thf faculty for censorship.
Miss P. txrldineil how a similar plan ■worked
in L-jS Ans*le» and the chairman added that
te knew what vas best and right for the
.students. Then they passed the resolution
jinanimously and adjourned.
Two Afternoon Wedding-3
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— D rney
< I L Miss < 'atiiryn L.
Eternoon a 1
■
A . A .
couple will re
iheir honeymoon trip for
two w<
Mrs. Vna IT;-' Handy Hume of
Los Gatos and Dr. Russell Hopkins Cool
■ - lay in
The bride was once quite prom
inent Id local society circles.
Another Mining Incorporation.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— Articles of incor
poration were filed with the County Clerk
to-day by the Big Oak Flat Gold Mining
and Development Company, with princi
pal place of business in Oakland. The
purposes are those of conducting a gen
eral gold mining business. The capital
stock 19 JIOO.OOO, fi*bout SSOO being actuaJly
subscribed. Th directors are D. R.
Shafer and J. F-, Williams of Big Oak
Flat. Tuolumne County; C. H. Wever and
H. Castle of -Ajrameda, and Hugh S. Aid
rich of Oakland.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT TREE TOMEN
TII9 State Medical Irstitnts Discovers a
Eemarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne. Ind. it
cured so many men who bad battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It Is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual wcakr' resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, wei-k back, varico-
cele. or emaciation of parts can now cur*
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where it Is needed
It cures all . the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has beer. an absolute suc-
cess in ail cases A request to the Star*
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The instituts
Is desirous of reaching that great cla.»«
of men who are unable to leave home to
£« treated and the free sample wilt en-
t-oie them to pee how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the-
proper remedies are ployed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions.' Any man
who writes will be sent .1 free sample,
care' sealed In a plain package s:>
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
J^ I Dr. V.'ong Kirn, years
a. " 115 and 117 Mason street.
aa San Francisco, Cal.— This
V in to certify that I hay«
• J been for neveral years
BY |v d a great sufferer from
K ':M*\ J iiright's Disease of the
/«iS« / Kidneys, a tumor in '•■"'
jffSST- left side and other dls-
ete-v eases incidental to fe-
<v,t^w males; that I have for
SKAl'weelci and months at a
V*;i J time bc-en totally unable
to attend to my domestic affairs, and much of
the time confined to the ■"'• Nothing could
t-e done for me that afforded :nore than tempo-
rary relief. About three months ago I was ad-
visM to place myself under your treatment.
On my ttr^t interview, after feeling my pu!se.
you described my condition more accurately
than I could have done myself. After using
your medicine and following yenr advice Bloc*
; that time I am very happy to say I have en- '
' tlrelj recovered my health; nm fully ab'.e to I
fulfill all my duties as the mother of a. lar^a
family of children: indeed, for the past 15 or 20
' years I have not enjoyed r ( 5 robust health.
MRS. HKTTr: K. LOWK
Wt\ «th street, San Francisco. Cal.
October 18, ISOS.
FEAR JACOBS
HAS ENDED
HIS LIFE
Bride of Six Months
Distracted.
HE LEFT WITHOUT A WORD
MRS. JACOBS SAYS SHE WOULD
FORGIVE HIM WILLINGLY.
The Missing Man Took No Money
With Him and When Last
Seen Seemed Greatly
Troubled.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
3roadway. Dec. 17.
Mr?. Gussie Jacobs, the wife of six
months whose husband left suddenly and
mysteriously last Tuesday, is beginning- to
fear that he has done away with him
self.
She has visited every haunt of her ab
sent husband, but has been unsuccessful
in getting a trace of him, except that on ;
the morning he left a friend met him on
Broadway. This friend says that David
Jacobs appeared in an excited frame of j
mind and that he did not seem himself at
aIL
Jacobs is a tailor and runs a shop in the
Macdonough block. He left a small notice j
on his door, "Will be back in five mm- j
utes." tut he has failed to materialize j
since.
"I cannot stand this worry much long
er," said Mrs. Jacobs to-day, "and if
E>&vid dues nut return to me soon I do not j
know what 1 shall do. Only a. day before
his departure we were looking for new
Quarters where we could have the shop
and living rooms together, and he did not ]
worried about anything.
"I admit Dave drank some, but he al
ways came home, and surely something
has g":.<: wrong or be would at least let
me hear from him, but not a word. He
was a good and k!nd husband, and if he
does not return soon I shall go mad. When
ft he had no money with him, i am
sure. If he would only come back I :
would willingly forgive him."
Jacobs wore a black cutaway and black '
derby hat and dark trousers when last
He is a short, thick set man and ;
wears an iron-gray mustache.
HARBOURNE'S FRIENDS
STILL TRUE TO HIM
SENSATION CAUSED BY THE
CALL'S PUBLICATION.
A Hint That Others Reaped the Pro
ceeds of the Librarian's Defal
cations — Statements of
Thomas White.
ALAMEI'A. Dec. 17.— The individual
sufferers by the defalcation of Librarian
John W. Harbourne are not only willing
bat anxious to give the man every -hancc
10 redeem himself. The letter written
from Dawsoa City from the defaulting of
publistaed exclusively in this morn
ing' 3 Ca.ll, created a decided sensation In
Ity. Frends of Harbourne have In-
I from the commencement of his
troubles that the man was mor- Hir.np.i
against than sinning, and assert that his
declarations in his letter to the effect that
striving to accumulate sufficient to i
reimburse all who lost by his hasty de
parture bears out thf-lr opinion that the
man is good at heart and did nut profit
natly by his manipulation of the free
library fan -
None of the individual losers by hir= acts i
are inclined to prosecute him or harass
him in the event of his return to Ala
meda.
Thomas White, who cashed th<> Librari
ans salary warrant after it hal already
been hypothecated to another party, aad
was out of pocket Sll'J by the trans
■:. stated to a Call reporter to-day
that he would never take steps tt> pun
ish Harbourne.
"He is not as bad a man as he was pic
tured." said White. "His greatest fault
was In being too good to thusft who
claimed to be bis friends. I know as a I
positive fact that prominent men of this
city bled him of hi* money in the way of
small loans and literally forced him to '
take the library funds. I do not care to
mention their names now. but I assure ,
you if ever Harbourne comes back to AJa
rr.t-da and faces his accusers he will be I
able to teJl things that will compel men
who now hold their heads high in this
community to skip out mighty lively, and
a cloud will har.g over them darker than
that which now hangs over Harbourne.
I will never prosecute him and if he was ,
in i.pi-d of help and I could reach him I
would willingly give him assistance."
White- lost mor. money by il irl.ourne's j
than any other individual in j
A'ameda. and his statements at this time
,-nifkant.
CITY POLITICS.
Many Opinions of Prominent Men. on :
the Situation. j
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— 1n run interview !
to-day Chairman Breed of the Republican
County Central Committee declared
against the appointment of delegates to
the municipal convention. He said:
"I think it a dangerous precedent to
have a Central Committee appoint dele
gates to a convention, or have a Central
Committee to appoint men who will ap
point delegates to a convention. I have
entire confidence In the present Republi
can City Central Committee, but it takes
one of little political experience to see j
that four men on a City Central Commit- j
tee who felt disposed to absolutely control j
the entire convention by their selection as
delegates could perpetuate themselves In
office continuously and control all noral- i
nationsJJ'
Dr. B. R. Dille has come out in favor
of the Non-Partisan movement. Rev. C.
H. Hobart also favors municipal league j
principles, and Rev. Dr. Coyle Bays party
lines should cut no figure in city govern
ment.
1-ris'T. Dirpctor R. M. Fitzgerald, the
Demi r. Is opposed to any more
experiments in fusion.
M. J. Keller, thr; rx-president of the
Boat : is the latent nanu> to be
;.;t out in connection with the Mayor
alty.
Family Depleted by Death.
OAKLAND. Dec. 17.— The attention of I
charitably inclined people Is directed to
the family, or what remain* of It, of Mr.
Rogers, who lives on the "'.•:.-- place,
near Haywards. A few weeks ago Mr.
Rogers lost a child by diphtheria, and this
week two sons, one aged 10- years and 9
months, the other aged 2 years end 6
months, were taken from him by death.
Added to this burden of grief Mrs. Rogers
has been stricken with blood poisoning
and is seriously ill. If some aid were
given to help the mother at this juncture !
it would be much appreciated, as the fam- ;
ily is in needy circumstances.
For Greater Oakland.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— Mayor Thomas
has received a telegram from Congress
man Hilborn asking for a full <
report of the needs for a Post
ofScc building and for full informa- \
tion as to Greater Oakland. The
Mayor has accordingly called for a meet-,
ing of the Merchants' exchange. Board
of Trade. City Council and heads of de
partments, for next Monday afternoon,
when a strong report will be prepared.
Adranc^B ma<J« on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Misslou.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18. 1898.
MEMBRANES OF
LILLIAN'S HEAD
ALSO TAKES
Are More Important
Than the Skull.
THE DEFENSE IS CONFIDENT
DR. BUTEAU DISAPPROVES OF
SUCH METHODS.
Attorney Bennett Says the Testimony
of th 3 Prosecution Has
Fallen of Its Own
Weight.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Dec. 1.".
The opinion of leading attorney? is
that the taking of her skull from the
coffin of Lillian Brandes is not a punish
able offense within the meaning of the
statute. There is, however, a general
feeling that the ghastly action will preju
dice the case of the defendant Bra:
Attorney Benm-tt admits that it was
an ordinary way to proceed, and says that
there may be some criticism regarding
the surreptitious soanner in which the
skull was obtained. He is, however, per
fectly ready to defend his action, ai.
Clares that the section of the Penal Code
referring to body-snatching has no con
nection with this case.
Dr. Buteau, who was the leading wit
ness for the prosecution, was asked his
opinion of the transaction. He said:
"It is one that 1 do not care to criticize,
except in a general way. as I may have
an opinion. i will not for a moment hint
that there is any desire on the part of
the defense to tamper with the skull, but
this thought naturally suggests Itself: If
the defense intends to act in a perfectly
straightforward manner why did their
representative not appear at the autopsy
and then demand that the skull be pre
served for the benefit of the jury?
"It is a false idea to imagine that 1 and
the other reputable physicians who con
ducted the autopsy are anxious to make
out a case for the prosecution. We are
not. We attended that autopsy as experts,
and our sworn testimony is the result of
our conclusions. If the defense wanted
that skull there could have been no ob
jection to their taking it and having it
preserved for introduction as evidence,
but it certainly is not conducive to a feel
ing of confidence in the motive when the
skull Is abstracted under the conditions
attending the taking of the head of Lil
lian Brandes."
There has I me doubt as to
whether the i. I I head,
which are as vita! to the testimony as the
skull, were also taken, bul A.H
nett set all doubt at rest this
by saying that they took some mem
branes, he was i n many, but
;. :: that there were beneath the skull in
the coffin.
"When we t( ok the >k<\'.\ we took every
thing tht-re was in the gir:
bobou of i - VVe have
thess bow well 1, ari.l they will
not be touched till produced at th^" trial.
We anticipate no difficulty In proving that
it is the same skull, and that it has
kept In tbt- same condition as we found
it in th* coffin."
CONFIDENCE IN HIS
SON WAS REMARKABLE
THE WAR OVER THE ESTATE OF
J. W. SMITH.
Charles H. Smith Tells of His Fath
er's CJenerosity and of Deeds
Recorded Before His
Death.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
dway, Dec 17.
To the surprise w. • interested,
Charles H. Sn; I ■ d in Judge Og
dtn's court t"-<Jay to testify against the
test of Lena I. Snodgrass
K. Thompson, whereby they hope t" de
pose C. K. King as administrator of the
IVY CHAPTER'S NEW OFFICERS.
The pictures presented are tbose of Mrs. Lydia A. Steele and Dr.
James ;,T. Qassawajr, who on last Tuesday w»-rt; respectively install.:!
with imposing ceremoniea In Golden Gate Asylum as matron and patron
of Ivy Chapter of the Order of the Eastern Star. This chapter during :)>•>
past term did unusually well, having received into its membership al
most fifty nv-mhprs. including the r.ew patron, who is surgeon at the
Marine Hospital; S. C. Wallfs, the grand recorder of thp order of Chosen
b; Mrs. S. C. Wallis, Mrs. W. J. Martin, Dr. Newton and others
well known In the community. White thf> chapter increased in member
ship ii also Increased in Bnan c. which ' It, under the direction
Susie Dow, the matron; Charles L. Patton, the patron, and the
other officer;- rind enthusiastic member?, to do a great deal in the matter
of assisting the volunteers while they were at pimp Merritt and prepar
ing them for the trip to *~anila, to help make the great Masonic fair
the success that it was. and do ;i vast amount of good in ways that are
not made known outside of the membership.
The presentation address by Mr. Patton to Mrs. Dow. the retiring mat
ron, was an eloquent tribute to the worth of that lady as an officer, and
the jewel which the membership riff^n*.! hf-r is <jk- of the most beautiful
that has ever been given to a retiring matron. The music that was fur
nished during the installation service in the presence of a very large audi
ence was by Herbert Williams, first tenor; C. M. Elliot, second tenor; D.
;ie, first bass, and L. A. Larsec, second bass. A feature of the music
was "God Bless Our Star '* special for the occasion, arranged by Roscoe
Warren Lucy, the organist.
$500,000 estate of J. W. Smith, their grand
father.
Charles H. Smith is a son of the late
railway magnate, and. according to his i
testimony, his father had implicit confi
dence in him. Witness testified that some |
time prior to hi.* death his father had
given the contestants $15,000 each, that he
also made out several dt-eds to them,
Instructing witness to write- to them ask
ing for powers of attorney.
"But." continued Mr. Smith, "probably
because it came from me. they rt piied in
p. very pert letter, refusing. My father
did not like their manner, and so decided
they shouldn't have any more than he
had already given them— Jla.uOO each."
Witness a]so told <>f other deeds to the
other children, which he said he had im
mediately recorded. As to the tin liox
left at the Central Bank, which deceased j
had instructed should be opened by no one
but witness. Air. Smith testified that it
contained private pf-.pers. 301 bonds of
the California and Nevada Railroad Com- ;
pany, one share in the same company, |
some Shpnan'irah Mining Company stock :
and specimens, and also Green Mountain '
mining stock, ail of which the deceased
had left for him.
"I was at my father's bedside." con- j
tinued witness, "at the time of his death. !
I had the keys to his trunk the tin box. I
his desk and his room, and t .. deeds were .
in each cßse made and recorded prior to '•
his death."
Contestants promise still to present |
some Interesting testimony on Tuesday .
morning next to establish the allegations !
or" fraud ar.d conspiracy existing between
Administrator King ami Charles H. Smith
whereby they wore managing the vast i
estate to the detriment of the contesting
In a Ditch All Night.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17. — Barney Cur
ran, employed on Rpv. Father Mc-
Nally's place on the Redwood road, In
climbing over a fence on High street at
10 o clock last night fell into a ditch and
broke his right thigh. He lay there until
4 o'clock this morning, when a dairyman !
W. E. Farno. was attracted by his groans. !
Through the kindness of Supervisor Tal- j
cott the unfortunate Barney was imme- i
diately removed in one of Mr. Taleotfa j
wagons to the Receiving Hospital, where
the fractured thigh was reduced.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Dec. 17.— George Roach
w:;.- Sb : in the hack yest< roay after
noon by James Smith. Thp lads are aped
about 10 years and were playing In a va
cant lot at the foot of Atlantic avanue.
The affair was purely ac< fdental, result
ing: fr< m the careless handling of a 22
caliber rifle,
A NEW BELL RINGS
ON ST. LEANDER'S
PRESENTED BY PORTUGUESE
MEMBERS OF THE CHUECH.
The Old Bell Had Done Duty for a;
Quarter of a Century and Has
a History.
• 1 Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 17.
To-morrow afternoon there will be a
::g at St. Leahder's Church at
ndro. The Porcug:ui?se members
of the congregation have been at work se
curing a new bell for the church, and
Father Santos has procured one of rare
wness. It wtighs nearly a thousand
.'>, and arrived at San Ltandro on
Monday. To-day it was plac-d ia the
tower.
To-morrow afternoon the beautiful and
elaborate ceremonies of blessing- the bed
will be conducted by Rev. Father O"Ma
honey, who has been specially delegated
to this duty by Archbishop Riordan. Rev.
Father Santos will deliver a sermon in
Portua .
The old bell of th« church has done duly
for more than a quarter of a century, and
has a romantic history.
In the early days • .ere arrived at Yerba
Buena an English trader. He bought up
all the bides on this side of the bay. The
Peralta brothers then owned all of this
county, and Don Ignacio Peralta. who re-
Bided on what is r.ov.- the Peachy place,
was a courteous and liberal entertainer,
but when it came down to business he
was of a very practical turn. The captain
of this British tmdi-ng vessel went to the
ranch of Don Ignacio", and after a few
days of entertainment they got down to
business. Ignacio drove a hard bargain,
and the trader left well pleased with his
treatment. When he reached his ship he
ordered the mate to take the ship's bell
on shore and present it to Don Ignacio.
The don hung the bell on the porch of
his residence, and there for years it tolled
the Angelus and calied the laborers in
from the field. When the church of St.
Leander was built Don Ignacio presented
the bell to the congregation. For the past
generation it has done duty in the church
tower, and to-morrow it will be rung for
the last time.
J'.hn M;«ts«,n of San Lorenzo has pre-
I the ehurcli with a beautiful sanc
tuary lamp, and Mrs. Coujet of Elmhurst
bas presi nted a large brass gong, while
- ■ f the congregation have
gifts all of which will be formally
ed to*moTf rw.
Postage on the Holidny Edition of
The Call will be: Domestic, 3 cents;
foreign, 6 cents.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
THE MAN TIT
WOMEN WRITE TO,
There's a man in Buffalo who has, :
without doubt, a larger number of
woman correspondents than any other
person, man or woman, in the entire
country. And yet not one in a thou-
sand of the women who write have ever
seen the man they write to. For after
all it's not the man they write to, but
the physician. There's no sex in medi-
cine. The physician with this exten-
sive correspondence is Dr. R. V. Pierce,
chief consulting physician of the In-
valids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, of
Buffalo, X. Y.
Undoubtedly pr. Pierce owes hi? '
great popularity nhidng women to his ,
many and wonderful cures of that class i
of diseases known as "female trouble?."
To the treatment and cure of these dis-
eases he has given over thirty years of
his professional life, and has estab-
lished himself as the specialist par ex- i
eellence in the treatment of diseases
peculiar to women.
The esteem in which Dr. Pierce is i
held by women is not to be wondered
at when It is known that in the thirty
years, and over, in which he has given •
attention to woman's diseases, he has, I
I
a
Dr. R. Y. Pierce and Some of the Prominent Specialists of His Staff.
aided by his staff of nearly a score of
experienced and skilled specialists,
treated over a half a million women,
and with such success that ninety-eight
out of every hundred treated have been
absolutely and altogether cured.
Doubtless there are other reasons
why multitudes of women consult Dr.
Pierce by letter and as not the least
among such reasons women would set
down the friendly, even fatherly ad-
vice which the age and experience of
Dr. Pierce enable him to give as sup-
plemental to the advice arid instruc-
tions of the physician. Women, also,
are not slow to remember that Dr.
Fierce, through his method of consul-
tation by correspondence, war. the first
physician to off^r them relief from the
unpleasant questions, the offensive ex-
examinations, and the local treatments
generally inseparable from the. treat-
ment of diseases of women by local
practitioners.
. Of course, Dr. Pierce has had many
imitators, who steal the terms which
his advertisements have made familiar,
to use them as their "catch-words,"
and so to draw the attention of women
in thsir direction. The most noticeable
feature of these imitations is that
women with dangerous diseases are
urged to consult by letter some one
who is not a physician. 1 and has neither
the educational ability nor the legal
right to treat disease. And sometimes
because it is impossible for the.*** ad-
vertisers to lay claim to the title of
physician, they raise a clamor of
"write to a woman." "Woman under-
stands woman," hoping, doubtless, by
this article to draw away attention
from the fact that they do not and can-
not offer the advice of a qualified phy-
sician.* But women are quick t« see
that a woman unless educated in medi-
cine and qualified to practice, can give
no advice unon disease that would not
be liable to be as dangerous as the dis-
ease itself. For there is no place where
ignorance is so dangerous as when it
undertakes to meddle with a woman's
health. __
That claps of advertisers who raise
the cry of "write to a woman" are get-
ting to be known as "bearded women,"
because the "woman in the cnse" is a
mere figurehead, a stalking horse to
-V-: .'• ■■■ * •*..•■. * ..
| DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
shelter the man who preys on woman's
confidence. An example of the pecu-
liarly preposterous claims made by
these people is found in the claim that
a "man cant understand a woman —
just because he is a man. ' The only
way in which this can be interpreted as
true is by accepting the statement in
its bare literalness as of man and
woman. But it is to be noticed that
there is a vast difference when you
qualify the terms man and woman by
the term physician. How ensv it would
be for such advertisers to say "write to
a woman physician because a man
physician cannot understand a woman,
just because he is a man. How easy
it would be to do this if the "woman"
who invites correspondence could or
dared write M. D. after her name, and
even then, how preposterous the state-
ment would remain. For two thou-
sand years the practice of medicine has
been entirely in the hands of men, as
it is in general to-day. Woman in
medicine is a new thing, so new that
she has not entered to any known ex-
tent into the fie'd of surgerj'. What-
ever any woman practitioner has
learned of medicine she must have
learned in schoois taught by men, and
from books written by men. What a
paradox, therefore, is presented in the
claim that the man who has taught
woman all she knows about medicine
does not know anything about medicine
himself.
Women who are educated in medicine
would be the first to laugh at su^h
statements. It's only the woman of the
advertisements, the "woman" for rev- ?
enue only, and who is not a physician, i
who can afford to make such amazing ;
and ridiculous claims.
But this side issue has led us some-
what afield from Dr. Pierce and his
great host of women correspondents. •
To these the doctor stands a sort of !
father confessor of things physical.
Every letter is read privately, answered ;
privately, and its contents guarded as
sacredly as becomes such confessions.
Ard as many women are naturalily
sensitive about their ailments, even the j
replies are mailed carefully and secure-
ly sealed in a perfectly plain envelope, j
without printing or advertising upon
it. that there may be no third party to
this correspondence.
Any sick woman can have the benefit j
of consultation by letter with Dr. !
Pierce absolutely without fee or charge !
of any kind. \
More than half a million invalid
women have been successfully treated ;
by Dr. Pierce, aided by his staff of .
skilled specialists, through the medium '
of . correspondence.' In this way dis-
agreeable questionings and abhorrent
examinations and "local treatments" ;
are avoided.
The world at large knows of Doctor j
Pierce, chiefly as the inventor of the j
two well-known remedies. Dr. Pierces \
Golden Medical Discovery and Doctor
Pierces Favorite Prescription. And it
Is probably < the case, that in general,
Dr. Pierces remedies are classed with '■
all the other "patent medicines," and
Dr. Pierce himself ranked with those
"doctors" whose degrees are purely
honorary or assumed, and no more '
stand for medical knowledge or experi- j
ence than the familiar title of "Major" !
in some sections of our country signifies j
that the bearer of It is familiar with |
siege and battle. Dr. Pierce does not j
belong to the class of doctors whose j
titles are by courtesy only. He is a
doctor by choice, a doctor by education. ]
a , doctor by practice and experience.
He is more than that, for, although
there a.re no official grades and ranks in j
the medical profession as in the mili- \
tary, which are marked by titles and i
by » chevrons, yet as.a man advances in j
the practice 01 medicine, as his krw»wl- 1
| DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
edge becomes exact and certain, a? his
skill becomes developed and perfected,
BO he achieves rank among his fellows
and is held in honor by the public. Such
rank Dr. Pierce has achieved, and as a
specialist in the treatment of diseases
of women he stands at the head of his
profession in the United States.
Dr. Pierces remedies differ from most
medicines in the fact that they con-
tain no alcohol, whisky or other In-
toxicant and are absolutely free from
opium and every "ther narcotic drug.
For no other medicine prepared exclu-
sively for the use cf women, as is "Fa-
vorite Prescription," can such a claim
be truthfully made.
The difference between Dr. Pierces
establishment and all "patent medi-
cine" establishments is very remark-
able, and is apparent at one- t< every
person who has had the opportunity of
actually comparing Dr. Pierces labora-
tory with that of any other institution.
For instance, since Dr. Pierce has ad-
vertised to give free consultation by
letter, many have imitated the adver-
tisements and make an exactly similar
offer. Afl far as the advertisements go,
they make ju.-t as good a showing as
Dr. Pierce. But go to these other es-
tablishments and ask to see the "doc-
tor" who gives medical advice and
you'll find, nine times out of ten. that
there is no doctor connected with the
establishment. Where there is a doc-
tor he is probably some medical failure,
selling his professional title to the
medicin? firm for a small consideration.
Compare this with Dr. Plerce'B institu-
tion, the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical
Institute, with its staff of nearly a
score of graduated and experienced
doctors, busy every day in actual prac-
tice, its great special laboratory and
dispensary, from which special medi-
cines and auxiliary treatment are sent
out daily to all parts of the country, its
hospital with its surgical and mechan-
ical appliances and operating rooms. la
such a comparison you see at a glance
that there is no institution equal to Dr.
Pirece's in the whole country: that for
any one else to offer what he offers is
to promise what cannot be performed;
that no other institution has equal
facilities for the treatment of chronio
diseases.
In the work of the World's Dis-
pensary and Invalids' Hotel and Surgi-
cal Institute there is real philanthropy
as well as real medical and surgical
skill. The best recognition of the phil-
anthropic aspect of this work comes
from the citizens of Buffalo, Dr.
Pierces home town, who elected him
State Senator and later gave him a seat
in Congress. From the latter position
Dr. Pierce resigned before the expira-
tion of his term. That he should prefer
to give up a high and honorable posi-
tion in the councils of the nation to
serve the sick is conclusive evidence of
his devotion to their interests and of
love for his profession. Perhaps we
can offer our readers no better sum-
ming up of Dr. Pierce and his work
than that of President Garfield, who
said, '"He is one of the best men in the
world, and he is at the head of one of
the best institutions in the world."
DR.MCNULTY.
T'HIR WELL-KNOWN AKDBELIABr.EOLD
SpeduJistcurM Private. Nervous, an<l Blood .Dis-
eases o. Men onjjf. Book on Private Diseases and
WoniciMKwes tit Men, free. Over 20y'rw' wtperlence,
Pnti«i;B* r!ir#ilnt Heine. Terms r*n«>nal»l«\ Hoarn9
tn3'ln.t!r:S.3O to 8:39 10 to 15. ConsoU
Utlon freea:id.tacredl;-cont;<:en:;aJ. Call.orsddreu
P. nOSCOE 3IcSrULTX. W.D.
«©•-.; Kenrny St./ San ft r»ae2«co. Cal.
4748
BOTKIN JURY
INVESTIGATED
BY THE POLICE
Sensational Rumors Were Circu
lated and Created Consterna
tion for the Prosecution.
Defendant, Overcome by the Ordeal of the
Trial, Is Attended by Physicians — De
fense Ready With Its Witnesses.
F"r a few hours yesterday there was
consternation in the camp of the prose
of Mrs. Cordelia Botkln.
The evidence that had been introduced
on Friday created a profound impression,
but it was widely rumored that certain
members of the jury had already ex
pressed opinions which could not and
would not be changed by evidence. This
Btartlinß' rumor was at once called to the
attention of the authorities, and an im
mediate investigation was made by the
police and other officers of the prosecu
tion.
The information that was taken to
police headquarters was very delinite and
ppeeific. It was claimed that at least two
and perhaps three of the jurors who have
been sworn to try Mrs. Botkin for murder
bad ..Iready expressed a judgment on the
merits of the case to some of their
friends. The information sermed to bear
the stamp of accuracy, ami the inqulry
p.t once follow'--!.
The Information was sifted to the bot
tom. The laxity with which the jury was
drawn seemed to give color to the report,
but the closest and most thorough investi
gation failed to reveal any verification.
No one who would say that a juror had
Fpoken to him could be found. The mem
bers of the jury, as a matter of course,
c^uld not be questioned. The police pur-
Fued their Investigations until they satis
fied themselves that there was nothing
of truth in the report. The affair for a
time created some excitement. If the re
port had been substantiated there is little
question that the matter would have been
called to the attention of the court.
The authorities are convinced now. how
ever, that the rep >rt, while warranting Im
mediate attention, had no substantial
foundation. When the case is resumed to
morrow morning the prosecution will pre-
F.-r.t its remaining witnesses. The of
ficers of th© State expect to finish before
the day is over. Whether this is done or
not depends largely upon the defense and
the extent of the cross-examination. Miss
I^ivernash will be the first witness of th' 3
day, and if time remains during the ses
sion John P. Dunning will be the last.
It is anticipated that Miss I.ivernash
will be sharply cross-examined. "What
shall be done with Dunning is a matter
of conjecture. In reference to this, wit
;he defense is in a very peculiar sit
uation. A initiation of Dunning
that would tend to expose thoroughly the
character of his Intimacy with Mrs. Bot
kin would be on the same lines as the tes
timony already introduced by the prose
cution. Such evidence would be designed,
as the prosecution has planned it. to Bhow
the motive which it is alleged Mrs. Botkin
had for the crime for which she is ac-
The prosecution will also Introduce to
morr -irnony of three exp< i
handwriting to show that the anonymous
letters and the addresses on the box of
poisoned candy were written by Mrs.
Botkin. All of these experts agree that
the accused woman wrote all of the ltt
t'-r=. notes and the addresses. This tes
timony will be supplemented by the posi
tive assertions of -Mrs. Elmira Ruoff and
John I. Dunning to the same effect. Buth
of th- -• people are familiar with the
handwriting of Mrs. Botkin and are con
vinced that their opinion is correct.
The defense does not intend to devote
much time, if any, to a discussion of pen
hip. The legal defenders of Mrs. Bot
kin maintain that expert testimony of this
character has no standing of value in a
court. Experts testify as they art- paid,
and it is claimed will do so for the side
in a controversy that pays them best.
IJttle effort will be made, therefore, to
combat the testimony of the experts. The
police have devoted a great deal of time
to this phase of the case.
Mrs. Botkin was ill enough yesterday to
require the services of a physician. The
mental strain of the trial has weighed
heavily upon her. Until Friday she ef-
fected an air of unconcern to disguise the
Buffering and distress she endured. On
Friday she could no longer conceal her
feelings and was visibly agitated during
the long ordeal in which her once closest
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Raw Sore From Finger to Palm.
Physicians and Medicines No
Avail. Cured by Cuticura.
When my little boy was two years of age,
dry spots commenced to appear on different
parts of his body. Last winter it seemed to go
to his hands, and I was obliged to keep his
first three fingers done up all the time, as it
was a raw sore, beginning to extend down to-
ward the palm of the hand. We consulted three
different physicians, each a certain length of
time, to see a benefit of their medicines. I
think now, after using Cuticcra, that some
of the salves that I used did more injury than
good. A gentleman (who sat next to me In
church) asked me the matter with my boy's
hand. I took off one of the cloths and showed
him, he told me he had been in a hospital in
Boston, where for all skin diseases they used
Octicuila. Remedies. I immediately pur-
chased CrmcDitA Soap, Cdticura (oint-
ment) and Cdticuba Resolvent, put aside
what I had been nsiug, and began with them.
Well ! hey cured that hand. I was afraid that
this winter it would break out again, but no,
it is all cured, and I have not had to have a
cl Jth on it this winter. Mrs. DIAMOND,
Jan. 29, 98. 161 Bronson Aye., Rochester, N. Y.
Remedies dally perform more srreat cures of
torturing, dlsfiKurinf?, humiliating skin, scalp, and
blood humors than all other blood and skin reme-
dies combined. In all the world there Is no
other treatment »o pure, so sweet, so speedily
effective lor distressing skin humors of Intents
and children as Ctjticuba, greatest of skin cures,
blood purifiers, and humor remedies.
BntEDTCnxE Treatment fob Etebt Hmoit with
Loss of H Am. — Warm bathi with C uticuba Soa p, gen-
tle anointing* with Coticcra [ointment], pumt of emol-
lient «kin cure*, and mild dote* of Ccticcba Resolves t.
greatest of blood purifier* »cd humor eurea.
Bold throughout the world. Potteb Drco akd Ch em.
Coir., Sole Propi., Boston. _
ttr "How to Cure £verj »»IJ7 Humor," mailed frto.
friend related the story that may have
such serious consequences. When Mrs.
Botkln returned to the Branch County
Jail she almost collapsed. She rallied,
however, and obtained rest during the
night. Yesterday morning her condition
was such that the services of a physician
were demanded and received. Later in
the day Mrs. Botkin recovered her cus
tomary spirits. Her sister and brother
in-law called and remained for some time
with her.
Unusual efforts were made to conceal
the fact of Mrs. Botkln'e illness. It was
denied that ehe had asked for a physician
or had been ill. The fact remained, how
ever, that she had seen a physician and
was ill. Second to the general interest
that exists In the prospective testimony
of Dunning Is the interest expressed in
the announcement that Mrs. Botkin will
take the stand. The accused woman in
tends to testify In her own behalf and to
make a general denial of the charges
against her. She will not attempt to deny
her relations with Dunning, as she has al
ready admitted them to a degree that re
quires no comment. She will not seek to
establish an alibi, as the conditions of the
case do not require such a defense, except
in reference to the purchase of the candy
and the handkerchief.
The testimony in reference to the pur
chase of the handkerchief at the City of
.Pans is perhaps the strongest single bit
of evidence against her. This the accused
woman will combat with every energy. In
reference to her other movements in this
city and in Stockton . Mrs. Botkin has ad
mitted as much as the prosecution has
proved. If Dunning declares that Mrs.
Botkin attempted to kill him she will, of
course, deny it. It will he her word
against his with the advantage on her
part that Dunning continued his rela
tions with her after the alleged attempt to
kill him.
LAWN TENNIS EXPERTS.
Several Brilliant Exhibition Games
Played on the Scott-Street
Courts Yesterday.
The exhibition games played yesterday
on the courts of the California Lawn Ten
nis Club proved very successful. There
was a large attendance of visitors, in
cluding many ladles and several gentle
men whose names are well known among
California lovers of lawn tennis. Among
the spectators were Mountford S. Wilson,
a former president of the club; A. H.
Small, a former champion, and Robert
Hooker, who used to play a strong game.
The play throughout the afternoon waa
brilliant, and J. Daily, the courtkeeper,
fur whose benefit the games were held,
Is to be congratulated.
The expected double match between the
Hardy brothers, holders of the double
championship of the Pacific Coast Lawn
Tennis Association, and the Whitney
brothers, did not take place, Samuel
Hardy not being able to come up from
Palo Alto; but Sumner Hardy, the ama
teur champion in singles, and J. Daily,
the professional champion, played two
splendid sets. There was plenty of bril
liant play on the part of both contestants,
Daily's placing and Hardy's crosscuts and
passing strokes being particularly notice
able. The match was won by "j. Daily
with a score of 7—5, B—6.8 — 6.
Wei he and Adams, the "pony team" of
the California Club, met Nicholson and
M unlock of the Alameda Lawn Tennis
('hit., and sustained defeat. Welhe and
Adams won the tirst set but lost the next
two, the score being 2—6, B— ti and s— o.
Both winners and losers volleyed splen
didly, and the winners played a particu
larly steady game.
Sumtu-r Hardy and George Whitney
beat R. N. Whitney and J. Daily, the
Bcore being 9—7, 7—5. R. Whitney drove
and smashed with great effect, Daily's
lobbing waa noteworthy and the winners
played a fine game at the net.
A. Carrigan beat Harris, the score being
; 7-6, 6-4.
W. S. McGavin beat Grant Smith with
a score of 6—4, 6—4. Harris and Buckley
beat Mcßride and Corrigan. Score: 6—3,
7—5,7 — 5, <J — 4.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Vampires Defeated a Team of Sailors
at Golden Gate Yesterday.
The Vampire Association football team
played yesterday against a Mercantile
Marine eleven at Golden Gate and de
feated their opponents by a score of 4
goals to 1. After about fifteen minutes
of back-and-forth play the front line of
the Vampires ran the ball down the Held
and Coles scored a goal. Soon afterward
Baugh handled the ball, and the free kick
granted to the sailors resulted in a goal.
Score: Vampires 1 goal, sailors 1 goal.
Just before half time White scored a sec
ond goal for the Vampires from a pass
by Coles. Score: Vampires 2, Bailors 1.
In the second half the Vampires de
feated all the sailors' attempts upon tht-ir
goal and added two goals to their own
Fcore. The game thus ended with a score
of 4 for the Vampires and 1 for the sail
ors. For the winners Baugh, Crossley.
White and Coles played the best game'
while for the losers Kane, Williamson and
Fredericks rendered good service. The
line-up was as follows:
Mercantile
Vampires. Positions. Marine.
J. M. Punnett Goalkeeper Fredericks
Crossley Back Swale
Robertson Hack Windsor
SHw<>od Halfback Steel
Baugh Halfback "Williamson
Westerf eld Forward Har l i up
White Forward K u no
Fry Forward Wells
Coles Forward Stark
Referee — Rev. Mr. Fullerton.
Rargains in children's liooks, games and
dolls at Sanburn & Vall's. Open evenings.*
A PROGRESSIVE CITY.
Dr. E. D. Olmsted, Mayor of Spokane,
Tells of Her Prosperity.
Mayor E. D. Olmsted of Spokane, who
has been at the Palace for the past few
days, was one of the passengers on the
Australia, which sailed Tuesday for
Honolulu. In addition to being Spokane's
chief executive, Dr. Olmsted is presi
dent of the Chamber of Commerce of that
city, besides enjoying the distinction of
being one of her leading physicians. He
was elected to his office on an independent
ticket and is held in high esteem by the
citizens of Spokane. He goes to Hono
lulu for his health and will return in
January.
Just before stepping aboard the steamer
a Call representative interviewed Dr.
Olmsted, and in sneaking of the pro
gressive spirit of the city over which ho
presides, he said:
"Among the noted improvements is the
bltuminizlng of Riverside avenue, recent
ly completed by the City Improvement
Company of San Francisco. The as
phaltum comes from Kern County and
the workmanship and material are pro
nounced by experts as the best ever done
in our section.
"Spokane is destined to be a manufac
turing and distributing center. No place
West of the Rocky Mountains is favored
more for water power, which is obtained
from the Spokane River, having a fall of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1898.
MRS. BOTKIN OVERCOME BI THE ORDEAL OF THE TRIAL
153 feet In a half mile. I think the time
not far distant when we can boast of
Borne of the leading- manufacturing en
terprises in the Northwest. Spokane haa
a population of 45,000, ami In ten years we
hope to increase it to 100,000. During my
term I shall advocate and indorse all
measures tending to advance the l>< st in
terests of the city, and I am thoroughly
In favor of up-to-date methods.
"We have three transcontinental and
five local railroads coming into our city.
I Real estate has doubled within the last
! eighteen months. In proximity to Spo
i kane we have gold, silver, copper and
lead mines, which promise to rank among
! the richest in the country. Our lands are
also well adapted for fruit and grain, and,
take it all in all, nature has been particu
larly kind to v.«. Spokane is now on a
cash basis, having refunded her entire in
debtedness."
The Big Walking Match.
A number of the exhibitors at the
Charity Bazaar, which came to an in
glorious close a few days ago, have ob
tained possession of the lease on the pa
vilion and last nipht opened a pxand holi
day carnival to run until the 29th of this
month. The old programme of the Char
A facsimile of our glove orders
~~^ * V ■"•■■» H^Ml I v)« ll* Mill 4 rfilliMP ff . ■ . in I . Z* 1 -^
If you do not know the size when making a present of gloves, pur-
chase one of our glove order cards, which are issued for as many- pair as
the buyer wishes to present and with -which the recipient can get any
size or color desired, at any time; or if the recipient does not wish
gloves, the order will be honored at any department.
Sterling Silver Novelties Leather - Goods
Guaranteed 925-1000 fine. We are showing a It is quite difficult selecting Christmas presents
complete stock of novelties that are manufactur- anyway, so a large assortment is a great help,
ed for this season. Limited space permits us to Our stock of leather goods is complete, con-
enumerate only the most popular. This depart- sisting of the latest novelties in purses, combina-
ment is of special Interest for your Christmas tion books, chatelaines, grips, belts, etc.
selections. Combination books (purse and card case
Shoe buttoners,.2s . 6o. 90c Nail files, .25 .60 .90c combined).
Shoe horns, .75c $1 Hat pins, .25, 50c ?n- ck seal, ■'° C \ 1.10 125 1.75 up to $3.50
Match receivers, .95c Book marks, .35c Alligator skin 10 125 1.50, 17oupto $4
Memorandum tablets; $1 Pencil tops, 60c Morocco, 65, floe, 1.15 1.75 up to 12.25
Hair combs, .60, .75 .90c Pencil h01der5,.60,95c Monkey skin, 1.75, 2.25 up to $3.50
Hat brushes, $1.50, $2.50 Scissors, .75c $1.25 Combination books with sterling silver corners.
Hair brushes, 2.75, $3.25 : Pipes, $1.50 . Black seal, 1.50, 1.75, 2.50 up to $7.50 ■"
Tooth brushes, .65c, $1.25 Clothes brushes, $3 Alligator skin, 1.45, 1.75, 2.25 up to $10
Curling irons, 75c, $1.15 Whisk brooms, $1.75 ; Morocco skin, 1.60, 2.00, 2.50 up to $8
Cut glass articles with. sterling silver mount- Children's purses, .10, .25, .50, 90c up to $1.75
ings, all at very low prices: ALLIGATOR GRIPS
; pungents salve jars Ink stands A large . assortment of genuine alligator
flasks puff boxes salt bottles §&?< 400 450 5 -°<>, % m 6.00, • 1.50 up to
rose jars cracker jars mucilage bottles $13.50.
" and brush sets in satin-lined boxes In.. A complete line of ladies' choice shopping
Comb and brush sets in satin-lined boxes in bagS) dia l £| a j ns and card cases . opt)ins
various designs. Mexican hand carved leather goods-stock
We are showing this season some of the choic- 's complete with novelties; of every description,
est and daintiest of ladies' fancy belts, which  We stamp the name free in either gold or sil-
must be seen to be appreciated. . ver on all leather goods of $1 and upwards.
M Tortoise Shell Gocds
This season's assortment is larger and more beautiful and the prices are at least one-quarter
Itss than in former years — side, pompadour,' back, ' dressing and new neck combs; lorgnettes, hair
ornaments and a great variety, in all sizes, of tortoise shell hair pins.
Also empire and side combs, hair ornaments and hair pins in imitation shell with Rhinestone mount-
ings, all at very attractive prices. . ': \v-:,. l
tOpen evenings until Christmas
125 to 131 Kearney Street
ity Bazaar will be carried out and new
features will be added from time to time.
Last night the great six days walking
match was started in the gallery, and
there were enough minor attractions on
the floor to amuse those who do not care
to see twenty men sweating out their very
souls for a prize. A percentage of the
gate receipts will go to pay the debts of
the Charity Bazaar, as many of the em
ployes need the money sorely, pnd the ex
hibitors are in full sympathy dth them.
The whole thing is under new manage
ment and promises to be a success.
« ♦ ■
From Chicago, New York, Boston, we
deliver to all points Cresta Blanca wines.
Order Xmas presents now. Wetmore-
Bowen Co.. 410 Po^t st.. S. t *
Burglars Again at Work.
The burglars are again becoming bold
in the residence portion of the city and
are operating without any apparent fear
of the police. A few weeks ago they
entered the house of J. B. Reinstein on
Elils street, near Van Ness avenue, but
were frightened away before any booty
was secured. A few nights later they paid
the same house another visit, but were
again frightened away. Mr. Reinsteln
has taken the precaution to carefully lock
up everything of value which must be
kept in the house over night.
The police are investigating the case
and feel confident that the work is done
by professional thieves.
Ladies 1 tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Sinter st., r. 6 and 7.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 17.— The preliminary
examination of Alfred H. Cohen, charged
with feloniously asaultlng Ivy L. Borden,
brother of the late Judge Borden, was
postponed to-day by Justice Morris until
next Saturday.
The Alameda High School football
eleven defeated the vallejo team to-aay
by a score of 6 to 5. This gives the Ala
meda boys the light-weight championship.
Tills evening the High School classes
gave a dance in honor of the visitors.
Children with matches caused a small
blaze this evening at the home of H. K.
Jackson, llf.S Broadway. The damage was
nominal. The fire was extinguished be
fore the arrival of the department.
ADVERTISEMENTS^ _^_____
HOUDAYJOODS!
The attention of our customers is
respectfully directed to the follow-
ing New Lines of HOLIDAY GOODS
suitable for CHRISTMAS GIFTS.
Ladies' Initialed Handkerchiefs, Gents' Silk Umbrellas,
Ladies' Novelty Neckwear, Gents' Kid Gloves,
Ladies' Em'b'd Handkerchiefs, Gents' Fancy Neckwear,
Ladies' Feather Scarfs, Gents' Silk Reefers,
Ladies' Kid Gloves, Gents' Silk Underwear,
Ladies' Silk Ties, Gents' Merino Hose,
Ladies' Silk Umbrellas, Gents' Initialed Handkerchiefs,
Ladies' .Silk Skirts, Gents' Wool Underwear,
Ladies' Fancy Aprons, Gents' Silk Handkerchiefs,
Ladies' Fine Underwear, Gents' Dress Shirts,
Ladies' Silk Waists, Gents' Cambric Handkerchiefs,
Ladies' Moreen Skirts. Gents' Wool Underwear.
We have also a splendid assortment of
Fine SILK-COVERED PILLOWS, Fine WHITE
BLANKETS, SILK and SATIN COVERED DOWN
COMFORTERS, KNIT SHAWLS, LACE SCARFS,
BUREAU SETS and LACE BED SETS.
STORE OPEN EVENINGS UNTIL
CHRISTMAS.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
2 "COMPLETE HOME FURNISHERS" FOR LITTLE- AT- PAYMENTS. g
"*" /2-v\\r _rt W^ANX CREDIT * "*"
+ 'IV^i'l I II COME HERE +
" l^-^s S/^?r* PAY CASH ? +
5 jjj ll^\ " W ry^^J^ ■ COME here +
■ X7=^Pf^^tS^M7r}i}^!jhß ' Merr 7 an li: a|2r i
+IV W\\L* \C<!II»\ I LITTLE CHAT . . ■
5 vv Xr*m- VmM&SL * little c^ at !
■ l^ii^l^^^^Or TO STfIRT YOU RIGHT, m
i /^ WfflJ.i'Jf JB^*"^^^^^>* Is not our growth really remarkable? +
■ L iWrrJlT' Jv^s B —^LCS Yet we are only growing because we H
+ !MiLJEfa3Et-Ti r / "fiip^-<SMt > I«bwla/ deserve to grow. Our growth is 'a 4,
■ Ira —^^='ll t i^gWCBSSHttI 'WEf//'^ natural, healthy, constant increase, the ■■
O. llnj^^ .■•". ■•" 1 lETOF^PTninffil \ WS&W result of the proper supply being ever 5
■■ 1 MUll ' U'fflMSPranMafflml W&£ read t0 meet the demand of the masses +
■ j J !>SSBIBK^> ■ 12-r at prices and terms to meet the "in- B
HH US' aJO I kT^«=^^^^3lSii J come of the purse" of the masses. That +
■ Z**>?£i£" \ SS&. W*~~~~ lin^Sl 1 ha 3 ljeen our strong arguing point for ■
+ \Jr "^~ jSft(rt**"" «t""^ many and many a day. We have proved j?
jjjpgr II to thousands of people, let us prove "•"
2J We didn't locate ourselves at 1017 Mission street, out of the "sky-rent" location, T
■ and cut down our expense account, buy furniture by the carload for cash, getting □
4- every discount, to be undersold. We located here for your benefit. The benefits or 4.
m our location are In our price list. Every day is bargain day with us. Do you need n
? anything for "home comfort." "Buy of us now. Pay when you can," jf
I m J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY, |
■ 1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth. J
■ OPEN EVENINGS. 'PHONE SOUTH 14. BEND TOR BOOKLET. ■
ff+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+r+B+CT+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B
—Hi labu
t
■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■+■
5 I
B D
I GRAY BROS, j
I .■•/■• *
1 Contractors ?
? 1
* ....And.... +
? ?
+ Crushed Trap Rock, +
i i
i 228 Montgomery St. £
iS+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+i
"f . . . WW 1 *
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year;