VOLUME LXXXIII.— XO. 151.
DEWEY'S FLEET ARRIVES
OFF THE HARBOR OF MANILA.
THE POWERFUL SPANISH FLEET WHICH LEFT CAPE VERDE
YESTERDAY.
SPAIN'S TORPEDO FLEET
LEAVES THE CAPE VERDE
ISLANDS AFTER MANY DAYS
The Strongest of the Ships Sail Westward, but
That May Be Only a Ruse to Give the
Americans a Scare.
ST. VINCENT, Cape VERDE ISLANDS, April 29. — The Spanish squadron, composed of four first
cias-- cruisers, three torpedo-destroyers, three tofpedo-tvr.ts and a transport ship and collier, which have
been in this harbor for some time, left this morning.
I am told that the Spanish admiral received sailing orders from Madrid late last night. These orders,
however, were sealed and will not be made known to the officers and crews of the ships until they are on
the high seas. It is asserted here by high authority that the reason for the departure of the squadron was
because of representations by the American Government to Lisbon.
There was great activity on board the Spanish fleet for the last day or two. Yesterday the pay
masters visited the city, paid all the bills and gave shopkeepers to understand that. they would soon lose
their Spanish customers.
Part of the fleet sailed out of the harbor by Washington Head at 7 o'clock. This force included two
of the cruisers and the torpedo-boat destroyers Furor, Terror and Pluton. About an hour later the other
two cruisers, followed by the torpedo-boats Ariete, Azor and Rayo, together with the transports Ciudad de
Cadiz and the armed collier San Francisco, left the harbor of St. Vincent.
In the meantime the first section of the squad dn, which had left the harbor, was waiting outside,
and upon the arrival of the second division signals were given from the flagship and the cruisers Viz
caya, Almirante Oquendo, Infanta Maria Teresa and Cristobal Colon, followed by the three torpedo-boat
destroyers, sailed in a westerly direction, presumably for Cuba or Porto Rico. The remainder of the
fleet, torpedo-boats and transport and collier, at once steamed in a northerly direction.
The torpedo-boats, with. the transport and collier, which steamed north, returned to port in a few
hours. The reason given was that one of the torpedo-boats had been slightly damaged in collision with
one of the fleet. The vessels are expected to start out again in a few hours.
Although the fleet divided and the powerful boats sailed west and other vessels sailed in a north
erly direction, toward the Canaries, 1 tmve it from a person in authority that all the vessels will ulti
mately go to the Canaries, where they will be joined by the battleship Pelayo and other warships now
cruising in the Mediterranean.
NEW YORK, April 29.— A Wash-
ington special to the Herald says:
Spain's fleet has sailed from Cape
Verde Islands in two divisions, one
of which, sailed north toward the Ca
nary Islands and the other went to
ward Porto Bico.
An unsigned dispatch reached the
State Department this afternoon an
nouncing that the first division, ap
parently bound for the Canaries, had
returned to St. Vincent on account of
a collision. It is believed by the
administration and naval officials
that this dispatch was instigated by
the Spanish authorities, and it is
therefore regarded with considerable
doubt.
Four armored cruisers — the Almir
ante Oquendo, the Vizcaya, the In
fanta Maria Teresa and the Cristobal
Colon, and three torpedo-boat de
stroyers, the Terror, Furor and Osado
— formed the division which sailed
westward.
The division which started north
consisted of three torpedo-boats —
Ariete, Azor and Rayo, the auxiliary
cruiser Ciudad de Cadiz and the Eng
lish collier, from which tne fleet
coaled before it sailed. It was this
division which was reported to have
suffered an accident and returned to
port.
The announcement of the depart
ure of the Spanish men-of-war
reached the State Department this
Morning, and it was confirmed by
private information received here. It
was this announcement which caused
the oflScials to look upon the message
subsequently received as of Spanish
origin.
Notwithstanding the report made
by the American Consul in the morn
ing that the fleet had sailed, the dis
patch this afternoon reiterated this
9«ws, and furthermore announced
The San Francisco Call
Copyrighted. 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett.
WILL BOMBARD
MATANZAS AGAIN
NEW YORK, -vpril 29.— The
Herald's Washington correspon
dent say^: Another bombard
ment of Matanzas will promptly
follow If General Blanco makes
any attempt to replace the bat
teries demolished by Admiral
Sampson.
Official dispatches from Ad
miral Sampson received at the
Navy Department to-day tell,
briefly of the bombardment,
which the Herald so fully and
graphical!^ <j yesterday
morning. The only explanation he
makes tot the aitacrf on ..la.iin
zas fortifications is thr.t he dis
covered the Spaniards were
erecting heavy guns there, and
he deemed it expedient to demol
ish them. He adds thai the Pur
itan-will be sent bark to Matan
zas with orders to destroy any
new batteries that may be
erected.
the return of the division composed
of the torpedo-boats on account of a
| collision. Had the message simply
stated that the torpedo-boats had re
j turned on account of a collision, even
had it been unsigned, the department
' might have put some faith in it, but
\ the reiteration of the news of the
! sailing of the fleet caused officials to
'. regard the information with suspi
| cion. The dispatch was probably ad
dressed to the department, but the
: absence of the Consul's name and the
'■ further fact that it was not in cipher
were regarded as significant indica
tion of the source of the message.
As the Spanish force has not been
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
reinforced by the battle-ship Pelayo,
the protected cruiser Alfonso XIII
and second torpedo-boat flotilla at
Cadiz, the authorities do not believe
that it will come west, despite the
fact that the armor-dads and de
stroyers sailed in the direction of
Porto Rico. It is generally be
lieved in naval circles that the ships
will proceed to the Canary Islands,
where they will await the arrival of
reinforcements from Spain and will
then come west.
In order that the authorities may
be advised without delay if the ves
sels are bound to Porto Rico, the St.
Louis or Harvard will be sent to the
eastward of Porto Rico to ascertain
the fleet's position, if bound for that
point, and when this information is
secured will hasten with all speed
to where the armored fleet of the
American Government will be in
waiting.
Considerable relief is expeuenced
in naval circles over the departure of
Spain's fleet from St. Vincent, for
the reason that the safety of the bat
tle-ship Oregon is now believed to be
assured. The accuracy of the Her
ald's cable advices is shown by the
fact that while the Navy Depart
ment learned yesterday that the tor
pedo gun vessel Temerario. belong
ing to the Spanish navy, had gone
to sea, the Herald announced this
morning that it had only gone to La
Plata. The arrival of the Temerario
at La Plata was confirmed by of
ficial advices received here to-day.
Secretary Long is now confident
that the Oregon and the gunboat
Marietta are safe, and expressed the
belief that the Oregon, even if at
tacked, could take care of at least
two armored cruisers before being
disposed of herself. As to the
Temerario, it is believed she is not
bent on the destruction of the Ore
CARDENAS NOT
BOMBARDED.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 29.—
Cajptain B. F. Harrington of the
United States monitor Puritan,
who has just come tom Car
denas, specifically and emphat
ically denies the story of the al
leged bombardment of that port
hy the Terror and the gunboat
Machias. He says there are no
Spanish batteries there and that
the entire story is untrue. Cap
tain Harrington if mmmanrtine
offii r of the United States vea
sei.- at Cardenas.
gqn, Ha that vessel has undoubtedly
passed- Montevideo. . . There > are; seve
ral A ■■■'■■ *ricpn. steamers - (sailing in
South 'American '.watarsV and it is con
sidered that she ' hopes to go on a
prize hunt.
Considerable surpjise is expressed
in State Department circles that Ar
gentina has not ordered the Teme
rario out of her waters, in view of
the fact that she issued her procla
mation of neutrality on April 21, as
soon as she had been advised that a
state of war existed between the
United States and Spain.
PRIVATEERING AS
A LAST RESORT.
Spain Will not Issue Letters of
Marque Unless Her War
Fleets Are Destroyed.
Copyrighted. lS'.'S, by Jamca Gordon Bennott.
MADRID, April 29.— 1 am Informed
on high authority that the Spanish
Government's reservation of its rights
to issue letters of marque d<.es not ne
cessarlly imply that she will have re
course to privateering. The Govern
ment, indeed, has no' intention at pres
ent of doing so. She has simply re
served the right should circumstances,
such as the destruction of the Spanish
fleet, compel her to take such a course.
The rumor current at Washington re
cently that Spain had offered Cuba to
Austria is absolutely without founda
tion. •
The eminent academician. Pierre
Loti, who has just arrived in ifcidrid,
is much annoyed about the absurd ru
mors current with regard to his inten
tion to offer his sword to Spain. Al
though he acknowledges his entire
sympathy as with Spain and the Queen
Regent, it Is all he can give, as his
service belongs to France. The facts
published in the Herald that he had
not asked permission of the French na
val authorities to offer his services to
Spain, which, as an officer on the ac
tive list, he would h*ve to do before
he could take any step of the sort,
sufficiently mark the baselessness of.
the reports current in Paris. He will
remain here about a week.
DECEPTION CREATES
SPANISH CONFIDENCE.
Ignorant Masses Made to Believe
That America Is Being Well
Trounced.
Copyrighted, IS9<\ by James Gordon Bennett.
m.\dRID, April 29.— A most notable j
change has taken place in public opin- I
ion within the" last couple of days. Be- J
fore the people were confident Spain j
would fight gallantly. NoV they are
confident that Spain will win.
The Correspondencia says to-night:
"Spain fears the conflict less and less
every day."
This really epitomizes the state of the
public mind. It is principally due to
the accounts received here from Amer
ican correspondents of Spanish papers.
These picture a sort of anarchy as
reigning in the United States. Naval
and military chiefs are shown as
changing their ideas every day about
the plan to be followed. They describe
the American ships as hopelessly mis
handled and the alleged encounter be
tween the Ligera and the Cushing be
comes a great Spanish victory. How
much truth there is in these reports it
is impossible to find out, as no others
are allowed to enUr.
Fleur de Lys Sails.
Copyrighted. 18PS, by James Gordon Bennett.
LISBON, April 29.— The American
yacht Fleur de Lys sailed to-day under
seaJed orders.
TO-DAY WILL MEET
SPANISH SQUADRON
IN A DEATH GRAPPLE
Madrid Has Rumors of Victory, but It
Is Too Stormy for the Ameri
cans to Get In.
Spanish Torpedo Flotilla Has Left Cape Verde
Islands, but It Is Believed It Will Go
Back to the Canaries,
HONGKONG, April p.— lt is denied that the Spanish fleet has left Manila to
meet the American squadron. On the contrary, it is asserted that the Spanish
warships will remain in Manila Bay to assist the forts.
It Is reported from Manila that the American warships have
been sighted, but the weather has been too stormy for the fleet
to communicate with the rebels.
The insurgent chief, Aguinaldo, is coming to Hongkong from Singapore. It is
| alleged that he absconded with half a million dollars paid by the Spanish Gov
ernment for the other insurgent leaders. All Manila telegrams are censored and mail
I communication with Hongkong has been suspended.
LONDON, April* — The Daily Mail hears from Singapore that a naval battle
is momentarily expected in Manila Bay.
A dispatch to the Daily Mail from Hongkong says : "Commodore Dewey con
siders that his duty will be done when the Spanish fleet is captured and safety has
ibeen secured for American trading vessels. Eleven of these vessels are overdue and
! the Americans feel exceedingly anxious.
"The formation of the Provisional Government at Manila will be announced at the
discretion of United States Consul Williams.
"It is believed that there are not many Spanish troops at Manila. They have gone
into the interior. The American fleet carries in all 2000 officers and men. The Concord is
expected here for dispatches on Wednesday."
The Daily Telegraph's Hongkong correspondent says the insurgent chief, Aguinaldo,
is preparing to make a descent near Manila. His supporters are plentifully supplied with
arms and ammunition from the American squadron.
MADRID, April 29.— The city is on the tiptoe of expectation for news of an en
gagement off the ' Philippines, which, it is felt, cannot be long delayed. Indeed, rumors
have teen current since about 5 o'clock that the fleets have already met, that the Span
iards have defeated the Americans and that three American vessels have been sunk.
No official information has been received yet, nor can the rumor be traced to its
foundation.
THE LITTLE FOOTE CHASED
TWO SPANISH GUNBOATS
INTO CARDENAS HARBOR
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, April 29— The
torpedo-boat Foote, under com
mand of Lieutenant Rogers, had
an interesting, though net serious,
exchange cf compliments with t'vo
small Spanish gunboats last Sun
day, which was announced ex
clusively by the Herald.
Accounts brought in by the
officers of the Puritan, now here
coaling, say that the monitor
Terror lay some miles off Cardenas
Bay on Sunday afternoon at 3:30
o'clock. When the officers in the
messroom heard shots they ran on
deck and saw the torpedo-boat
Foote lying well in toward Car
denas.
About one and a half miles
nearer shore, close to the mouth
of the harbor, their glasses re
vealed two small Spanish gun bqats
sneaking along, hugging the coi.st.
Lieutenant Rogers had seen them,
and, as he afterward explained to
the Terror's officers, he decided to
have iome fun with them, though
the range was rather long for
serious execution.
The Foote opened fire with one
pounder guns and Lieutenant
Qualtrough of the Terroi thinks
one of the Spaniards was bit by
one shot, but he is not certain.
Both the Spanish gunboats re
turned the Foote's fire without
hesitation. Lieutenant Rogers
then steamed toward them, firing
as he advanced. The Spaniards
replied with a few more shots, all
of which went wide of their mark.
Then, apparently not liking the
Foote's rapid advance, they turned
and steamed back into Cardenas
harbor.
Knowing the harbor to be mined,
and that both the Spanish vessels
carried heavier guns than his own,
Lieutenant Rogers refused to fol
low them inside the harbor and re
turned to his post.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
It was the topedo-boat Foote at
which the first shots were fired
recently from Matanzas' three bat
teries.
One of the Spanish gunboats
with which the Foote exchanged
shots is believed to have been the
Nigero.
The above is a true version of
the occurrence, and differs ma
terially from the description given
by General Blanco. Blanco's
Madrid version of the same en
counter says that the Spanish gun
boat Nigero repulsed three United
States torpedo-boat destroyers
which tried to enter the port of
Cardenas and compelled them to
retreat.
Burn Weyler in Effigy.
SOLEDAD. April 29.— A number of
pupils attending the public schools
here held a patriotic meeting: on the
outskirts of town last night and
burned an effigy of General "Weyier
and a m<^U'l e>J the Spanish warship
Pelayo. The action of the juveniles
aroused the enthusiasm of their elders,
and many of them participated in the
proceedings.2
NOW FAVORS
BUILDING TEN
TORPEDO BOATS
flssistaQt Secretary Roosevelt
MaKes tfye Recommendation.
Contracts Will Be Made.
NEW YORK, April 29.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt made a recommendation to Secretary
Long to-day that a contract be made for 100 new torpedo boats.
Since the beginning of the present difficulty with Spain the fact has
been most apparent that the United States navy is greatly in need of
torpedo boats, and every effort has been made by this Government to
purchase from abroad a few of this style of craft, but with little suc
cess.
Chief Constructor Hichborn and Engineer-in-Chief Melville recom
mended some time ago that the Government make contracts for at
least 100 boats, but until to-day no action was taken. It is understood
that the torpedo boats specified in Roosevelt's recommendation are
of tho smaller class and are to be used exclusively for harbor defense.
The proposition will be received with much favor by war ofliclals,
and in all probability contracts for their construction will be made with
in a few days. By having several shipbuilding companies divide the
work it is estimated that all of the boats can be ready for active ser
vice within three months.
Lieutenant Commander Charles A. Adams, who was recently court
martialed and found gui> .- of conduct unbecoming an officer In the
navy, was sentenced to three months' suspension to-day.
ENGLAND AND
THE FAR EAST
Harcourt Arraigns the
Weak Policy of Pre
mier Salisbury.
Points Out the Collapse of
Marquis 1 "Open Door"
Policy.
Balfour, However, Shows That Eng
land Has Secured Greater Ad
vantages Than Russia.
Epecln.l Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 29.— The Liberal
leader. Sir William Vernon Harcourt,
arraigned the weak policy of the Mar
quis of Salisbury in the far East, in
the House of Commons to-day, point
ing out the collapse of his "open door"
policy, through Germany obtaining
preferential privileges on the Shan
Tung peninsula, while Great Britain,
he added, had made an undignified re
treat in the Talien Wan affair. Ger
many and Russia, the speaker contend
ed, had both scored at the expense of
Great Britain.
The Liberal leader was listened to
by a full house and great interest is
attached to the debate in view of the
intense dissatisfaction felt at the Gov
ernment's policy among its own fol
lowers and by the conservative news
papers.
In reply to Sir William Vernon Har
court, Mr. Balfour First Lord of the
Treasury, Government leader in the
House and Acting _ ore : -n Secretary,
denied that there had been a violation
of the treaty of Tientsin. *" claimed
that throughout the length and breadth
of China Britishers had equal rights
with other nations. England, he de
clared, took Wei-Hai-Wei for military
and diplomatic reasons, and quite with
out reference to considerations of
trade and commerce. He laid stress
upon the distinction between the
spheres of interest and of influence.
Trade and commercial interests in
the province of Shan-Tung were not
the considerations, Mr. Balfour con
tinued, which controlled the Govern
ment in taking Wei-Hai-Wei; nor was
the question of the permanent occu
pation of Kiao-chau by Germany a de
termining factor. Hence he failed to
Bee any objection to conciliating Ger
man opinion. He believed Wei-Hai-
A "POINTER" OF DOGS.
GEORGE E. BELL, the New Judge for the Forthcoming
Bench Show.
From a photograph by Hodson.
George E. Bell of Chicago is the judge engaged by the San Fran
cisco Kennel Club to Judge at the forthcoming bench show. He is
considered without exception the best all-round judge of dogs in the
United States and is widely and favorably known in England and
Canada. His appointment has met with universal approbation
throughout the Eastern States. He is also one of the most successful
breeders of foxterriers in this country. The entry of that 1 -eed will,
it ia expected, be a phenomenal one, the usual compliment to a
judge.
Wei to be of the "utmost value to us
diplomatically at Peking in times of
peace and strategically in times of
war."
The Government would not have
been justified in going to war over Port
Arthur, the occupation of which by the
British would have been a defiance to
Russia, whereas the occupation of Wei-
Hai-Wet by the British could be no hu
miliation to Russia and would not af
ford reasons for permanently strained
relations. Mr. Balfour contended that
Russia, in-tead of being in a better,
was in a worse position than she was
seven months ago.
Sir Charles Dilke, Radical member
for the Forest of Dean, and others
spoke. The debate was finally ad
journed. ' '
DONS' VERACITY
IS QUESTIONED
London Smiles at the
Official Report From
Matanzas.
Statement That Only a Mule
Was Killed Excites Eng
lish Mirth.
Special Dlsjiatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 30.— The departure of
the Spanish fleet from the Cape Verde
Islands is regarded as the first really
important news of the war. No fur
ther information has been received here
as to its destination, but it is consid
ered not unlikely that it will go to the
Canary Islands to await i nforce
ments from Cadiz, without which it is
considered a hopeless task to attempt
to attack Rear-Admiral Sampson's
ileet. It is also supposed that it may
attempt to intercept the American
cruiser Oreeon.
The idea that it will attempt to bom
bard the United States coast cities is
not seriously regarded here. No fur
ther actual news has reached London,
where the immediate fact of interest is
the expected naval battle in the Philip
pines.
The story that only a mule was killed
at Matanzas during the bombardment
of the forts there ■'-nishes a text for
many humorous remarks in the papers
this morning. The Russian official dis
patches during the war of the Crimea
{ire recalled, when it was aiways -Ad
mitted that one Cossack had been
killed. Spain's dispatches for home
consumption are naturally expected to
be of the same character.
The Berlin correspondent of thf>
Standard says that " Austrian Gov
ernment is not disposed to sign a spe
cial declaration of neutrality in the war
between S'-ain and the United States.
THE SAN FE AX CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
NOW ON THE
WAY TO TAMPA
Regulars Sent to Florida
Preparatory to the In
vasion of Cuba.
Detachment of Artillery Sent
South to Join the Infantry
and Cavalry.
It Will Not Be Very Long Before the
First Army Corps Is Ready
for Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICKAMAUGA NATIONAL PARK
(Oa.), April 29.— This has been a hust
ling day among the artillerymen at
Chickamauga Park. In pursuance of
orders issued yesterday the light bat
teries in camp were ordered at once to
Tampa, and the entire day has been
taken up in getting the men, horses
and guns aboard the cars. Trains bear
ing these men and their equipments
have been given the right of way, and it
Is expected they will arrive at Tampa
early 'i-morrow morning. The
Twenty-fourth Infantry is under orders
to ir.ove, and will break camp in the
morning.
The Ninth Cavalry received perem
tory orders to-night to move at once,
and the men are packing up to-night.
It is stated that they will march to this
city and take the train here to-morrow
morning.
It was learned to-night that orders
would be issued to-morrow for the re-
I moral to Tampa of the Twenty-fifth
| Infantry and the Tenth Cavalry, and a
| semi-official rumor is current to-night
to the effect that the Second Cavalry
and the Seventh Infantry will go early
next week. None of these commands
have been filled to the war strength,
very few enlistments having been made
up to this time.
The Sixtenth Infantry, which arrived
to-day, was assigned to the First Bri
gade, commanded by Colonel J. C.
Bates.
MOBILE. April 29.— The Tenth and
Twenty-second regiments left camp
here late this afternoon, bound for
j Tampa. They were all day getting out
I fmm camp, beginning after drill at 10
o'clock. When, at noon, the Twenty
second, the famous Arizona Indian
fighters, came marching down to the
depot, a large crowd of citizens and
several soldiers were gathered there,
and the members nf the Tenth Regi
ment were also on hand, ready for em
barkation for Tampa. When the Twen
ty-second marched up to the station,
Colonel Wickoff in the lead, and the
band playing "Hot Time in the Old
Town To-Xight," there was such a yell
of enthusiasm aa had never before
been heard here. Everybody joined In
and the flags were waived while the sol
: diers and people shouted. Cheer fol
lowed cheer, hats flew in the air, and
it was altogether a stirring scene.
There was a long wait foT the train
j to start, even after the baggage had
been placed on board the cars, which
took a couple of hours. Meantime, the
first good soaking rain of the encamp
ment set in, and the enthusiasm had
to be postponed for a while, the sol
i diers taking refuge in the tents of the
; >>ther reViments. The first train passed
i out at 7 p. m., the others following in
I short order.
NEW ORLEANS. April 29.— The
First Regiment left here to-night for
Tampa, waiting over for General Shaf
ter's staff, -who were also orderea to
meet the commander in Florida, The
impression among army men is that
the first army corps sent into Cuba
■will be for the purpose of co-operating
with the insurgents. Other regiments
have not received orders to leave.
Lieutenant F. E. Lacey Jr., who went
with the First, was married at the St.
Charles Hotel to-day to Miss Florence
R. < 'randall of Detroit, who came here
with her parents, combining the mar
riage with the farewell.
WAR VOICE OF THE PRESS.
The Spaniard has been the hyena of
Europe for centuries. He was long the
hyena of the American continent, but he
is now confined to two islands off our
coast. His stay there is limited.—Louis
ville Courier-Journal.
We shall win. That is written in des
tiny in ineffaceable letters of assurance.
Spain must abandon her western pos
sessions. Fate has so decreed. — Detroit
Journal.
With all the talk of the unhealthiness
of Cuba, perhaps its climate will not
prove so formidable to troops who are
properly fed and properly looked after
in a sanitary way by an intelligent and
competent medical staff. — Pittsburg
Times.
Every American will rejoice that Cuban
independence was proclaimed by Con
gress on the anniversary of the battle
of Lexington. The spirit that prompted
the first "shot heard 'round the world"
burns no less ardently for liberty to-day.
Chicago Inter-Ocean.
The difference between the Spaniards
and Americans is the difference between
civilization and barbarism; between the
observance of the humane rules of mod
ern warfare and the turning loose of- the
old savage weir-wolf of war, which fat
tens on the corpses of women and chil
dren. — Minneapolis Times.
The announcement that the United
States will adhere to the principles of
the treaty of Paris is an expression of
a genuine desire to conform to the more
humane views of warfare accepted by
the powers. The very sympathy for the
United States felt by Great Britain can
not but be strengthened, especially
among the commercial community, by the
sense of relief thus afforded.— London
Times.
The idea of ridding Cuba of Spaniards
has been threatened by American states
men during the last half century, but The
merit of acting upon it, wfth all its tre
mendous responsibilities and risks— for it
is a merit— belongs to President Me Kin
ley. The adequacy of his Justification
cannot be doubted in England, and every
voice is raised to wish the United States
success.— London Graphic.
So the nation welcomes the inevitable
conflict without fear and without un
seemly rejoicing. It has no doubt as
to the outcome, for that would be not
only to doubt its own vitality, but the
justice of Providence toward an effort
to defend the helpless and to rescue the
suffering.— Pittsburg Dispatch.
The United States sends her armies
forth to war with Spain for righteous
reasons, and in unclouded honor and with
a clear conscience. They go to stay the
hand of the destroyer, to redress the un
speakable wrongs of the defenseless, to
remove a dangerous menace to the peace
of the continent.— Minneapolis Journal.
The regime of full operation which has
been lacking heretofore has now come, it
would seem, and come without the ask
ing. It will afford opportunity for a
demonstration of the possibilities of
cheap shipbuilding, never before availa
ble since steel vessels displaced wooden
craft. The war may have this as one
of its compensations, that it will mako
possible the establishment of our ship
building industry on firmer basis than
has been known since the ante-bellum
days of our wooden shipbuilding suprem
acy. And if we mistake not, the in
vestment In a great modern shipyard at
or near New York, as suggested in Mr.
Carnegie's recent letter, will come more,
speedily than was even in the thinking
of the writer himself.— lron Trade Re
view.
Head about Famous Bombardments
in next Sunday'e Call.
GENERALS MEET
AND CONSIDER
THE INVASION
Alger, Corbir), Shafter ar)d Lee
Con)plete Plciqs for Larjding
ar; Army in Cuba.
NEW YORK, April 29.— The Herald's Washington correspondent
telegraphs: United otates troops will leave Tampa for an invasion
of Cuba within the next few days.
Orders were issued by the War Department to troops mobilized
at southern points to be ready to start in a moment's notice, and by
this evening, I am told, several regiments and troops of cavalry w..l
be on the move toward Tampa.
General Lee has returned to Washington and was at the war
and navy departments to-day. He had long conferences with Adju
tant-General Corbin, Secretar Alger and General Shafter in regard to
the general plan of campaign, as exclusively stated in this morning's
Herald. General Lee was exceedingly careful in talking over the
coming invasion of Cuba, but expressed himself as not in the least sur
prised at the ease with which Admiral Sampson's fleet had demolished
the fortification . at Matanzas. These fortifications, he said, were
principally made of sandstone, as are also many of those at Havana.
He did not seem to think that the capture of the Cuban capital would
be a very difficult task.
In anticipation of the invasion of Cuba in the coming week, the
War Department is sending to Tampa large quantities of supplies to
be used by the invading army. Stone buildings are now in course of
erection at Tampa, to be used as cold storage f ~ rations for the army.
It is understod that while the army is In Cuba the necessary supplies
will be shipped daily from Tampa and carried directly to some sea
port nearest headquarters to the United States army. In this way
troops will receive fresh provisions every day, which will be a great
factor in warding off sickness.
Preparations for enlisting ""0,000 Immunes are progressing rapidly
and all indications show that the entire quota will be made Inside of
a few weeks. The President had a consultation to-day with General
Meyers of Louisiana in regard to these troops, and final arrangements
were made for raising the army.
STEAMER PARIS
REACHES PORT
Has Succeeded in Elud
ing v the Spanish
"Warships.
Will Reach Her Pier in the
East River Early This
Morning.
She Carries Guns and Ammunition
for tho United State 3 Gov
ernment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 30.— The great
American line steamship Paris,
rechristened the Yale, was sighted east
of Fire. Island at 47 minutes * past 2
o'clock this morning. The Paris will |
reach quarantine about half-past 7 j
o'clock. This will bring her up to the I
slip some time between 9 and 10, just
in time for her commander, Captain
Watkins, to hear the cheers from the
crowded ferry boats that will be sure
and greet his ship when she comes to
her landing.
The Paris brings 160 passengerß and
guns and ammunition for the Govern
ment. She left Southampton under
hurry orders, -aptain Watkins knew r
before putting to sea that war was on
and he was cautioned to keep a sharp
lookout for Spanish warships. It was
rumored that the Paris had been cap
tured by a torpedo-boat in the English
Channel and another report had it that
she had put into an English port to
elude a hostile craft. Neither of these
rumors had tho slightest foundation.
To Captain Watkins' discretion was
left the course the Paris would take.
Custom-house brokers are preparing
to give Captain Watkins a rousing re
ccjtion when he goes to the Custom
house to enter his manifest. The in
terior of the big rotunda is gayly deco
rated with flags and bunting.
THE IOWA DRIVES
GUNBOATS BACK.
Tried .to Sneak Out of Havana Har-
bor and Pass the Blockade
in the Night.
Copyrighted, IR9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
On Board the Somers N. Smith, via
Key West. Fla., April 30, 3 a. m.— The
battle-ship lowa, on blockade duty
westward of Havana, was sighted by
the Herald-Call oispatch boat early
this morning.
"Any news?" I inquired of Captain
Evans as the Smith ranged within
hailing distance.
"Nothing much," he replied. "Two
gunboats tried to come out of Havana
last night, but we made one drive at
them and they went back quick."
The Smith left Key "West last night
at 10 o'clock and fell astern of the
Mangrove and Detroit, both bound for
the blockading fleet off Havana. Mid
way on the journey the Detroit hove to
the Italian bark. La Pieta, but re
leased her after a short examination.
Freestone Landmark Burned.
SANTA ROSA, April 30.— Shortly before
midnight th» residence of Lassen Ross at
Freestone was destroyed by lire. The
members of the family were all in bed at
the time and narrowly escaped being
burned to death. They escaped in their
nightdresses. The house was an old land
mark at Freestone, having been built in
1869. The loss will reach $4500. The cause
of the lire cannot be ascertained at this
hour. V
Sugar and Coffee Combine,
PITTSBURG, April 29— A report was
circulated in this city to-night on what
is considered reliable authority that a
combination of the Arbuckle coffee and
the Havemeyer sugar interests has been
about completed. It is the belief that
the price of sugar and coffee will be ma
terially advanced, and there is a scurry
among dealers to get in good stocks at
present prices.
Not a Spanish Spy.
LAREDO, Texas, April 29.— 1t turned
out to-day that the man arrested yes
terday on the charge of being a Span
ish spy is Dr. Pablo )iaz, a Cuban, who
has served seven or eight months in the
insurgent army. He is known In this
vicinity and was released.
LORD WOLSELEY
VERY FRIENDLY
Believes in the , Justice of
•■- the United States' ; ;
Course.
Also Declares That Uncle Sam
. Will Have a Walkover
. With Spain. ".'
Majority of the English Newspapers
• Continue to Comment Favorably
on America's Stand.
■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ "■ ..■ • ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, A- ' 29.— A prominent
Englishman who believes in the r justice j
of America's cause and who is also of i
the opinion that the United States will j
certainly have a ■ walkover is Lord !
Wolseley, the commander-in-chief : of |
the | British forces. During a dinner j
party conversation Lord Wolseley drew I
a parallel: between Cuba and Crete,
saying: •
"While England interfered in Crete
on moral grounds the United States has
both moral and material justification
for intervention. I believe the. quality
of the American army and navy is so
much superior to Spain's that the
Americans will have no difficulty in
defeating Spain's ships and land forces,
j which are their equals or superiors on
I paper only." . .
<=•; The weeklies, except the . Saturday
Review, continue to favor the United
States and have faith in her success.
The Statist thinks that if the con
tinental powers threaten to intervene
Great Britain ought to veto their ac
tion, and urges thi Government to
make this clearly understood.
The Spectator expresses confidence
that Commodore Dewey will be victo
rious at the Philippines, and says:
"We see grea* difficulties before the
Americans, though , not . from Spanish
ships."
The Saturday Review pursues its at
: tack upon America, and the following
extract will indicate the tone of its
comments: "American action, unfor
tunately, suggests the attitude of a
huge and ' boastful bully attacking an
effete but ild roi»' with whom one can
not heln sympathizing, especially when
the bully, not content with thrashing !
his feeble old opponent and stripping I
him of his valuables, bellows out with !
ears and protestations that he- does !
it unwillingly and with the highest !
moral nv-nspß" ■
Trial Trip of the McKee.
BALTIMORE, April 29.— The torpedo
boat McKee, which is nearing comple
tion at the ship yards of the Colum
bian Iron Works, had her builder's trial
trip yesterday afternoon, and it is an
nounced that she more than fulfilled
the Government requirements of
twenty-four and a half knots an hour
and behaved well in every way.
WISEMAN'S STUDENT LIFE.
The student life which Wiseman led for
four years was one of great regularity
and of strict discipline. The English col
lege—although less exacting in its regu
lations than some of the Italian colleges—
preserves a measure of Continental se
verity. The students rose at 5:30. Half
an hour's meditation was followed by
mass and breakfast. Every day. except
Thursday and Sunday, lectures were at
tended on philosophy, theology, canon !
law, church history, biblical exogesis, as !
the case might be, and the rest of the
morning was devotod to study. The mid- i
aay dinner was preceded by the daily !
"examination of conscience." After din- \
ncr came a visit to the Blessed Sacra
ment, and. a little later, the siesta. A
space in the afternoon was allotted to a
walk through the city, either to some ob
ject of interest — a church or a museum —
or to one of the Palazzos, or to. Monte
Pincio, where friends would meet the
collegians and exchange greetings or con
verso.
Nearly all the colleges— and among them
the English— would take their walk in
camerata— that is to say, the students |
walking two abreast, in double file. Out- i
side the city or on Monte Pincio this or- |
der was relaxed for the time and students
might disperse, reassembling for their re
turn homo. The bell toward sunset for
the Aye Maria would summon the cam
erata back to college, and the rest of the i
day was spent chiefly in study and I
prayer. On Thursday, the weekly holi- i
day, expeditions were often made beyond !
the city walls to places of interest. The
Easter vacation and the long summer
holiday wero spent at the country house '
belonging to the college at Monte Porzio, I
near Tusculum. Here the discipline was
somewhat less strict, but was still a life ;
of great regularity, and passed under !
community rule. The day, both in Rome
and at Monte Porzio, was brought to a j
close with night prayers and the reading !
of the meditation for the following morn
ing.—"Life and Times of Cardinal Wise
man," by Wilfrid Ward.
Gray horses live longest, roan horses
nearly as long. Cream-colored horses
are deficient in staying power, especially
in summer weather. Bays, on an average,
are the best.
ON THE EVE OF
A SEA BATTLE
Washington Awaits News
. ; . of a Clash in the
1 Philippines.
a . — — —
Confident Admiral Dewey's
. Squadron Will Easily
JrZ{ Triumph.
Naval Conflict in Cuban Waters Also
Believed to Be Not Far .
Distant.
Special Dispatch to The Call. o
Call Office, Riggs House,
>v Washington, April 29.
Before the setting of another sun the
most experienced naval c "cers believe
a sea fight will have passed into his
tory, compared with which the great
battle of the Yalu will seem a veritable
tempest in a teapot. Following his in
structions as to speed and steaming at
the most economical rate of coal con
sumption Admiral Dewey's Asiatic
squadron, barring accidents, will arrive
off the harbor of Manila early Satur
day mornii.j. There it is expected he
will be i et by the Spanish Philippine
squadron — met but not rr.atched, for
the doughty American commander, who
is rated as one of the pluckiest men in
the service, will have at h s disposal a
fleet that far outclasses his adversaries.
Provided the Spanish ships reported to
be in Asiatic waters can "> concen
trated off the Philippines Dewey's force
will be one and one-half times as
great, estimated on the basis of the
weight of metal his guns can throw.
Considering rel.tive marksmanship the
American fleet ought not to leave a
Spanish vessel afloat.
The possibility of a bombardment of
Manila depends to some extent upon
the action of the Spanish fleet. Dewey's
orders are similar to those of Sampson
in one important particular, namely,
that no risk of disabling one of his ves
sels is to be taken in bombarding any
port in advance of a battle with the
Spanish* squadron. Once this squadron
is disposed of attention may be given to
reducing and occupying the city of Ma
nila.
But while Dewey is busy Sampson is
not idle. The Navy Department has re
ceived advices through commercial
sources of the highest reliability that
Captain General Blanco has been as
sured by the Spanish Government that
he will be relieved by a powerful naval
force before his condition is rendered
desperate by the blockade of the Ameri
can fleet. The department does not
doubt tfiat thn means that the- Cape
Verde squadrr.n, which left St. Vincent
to-day, will ultimately reach Cuban
waters and seek to unite with LUe Span
ish vessels in and out of the harbor of
Havana.
Whether one or more vessels will be
sent south to intercept the Oregon and
Marietta is a mere conjecture at this
writing. It is considered unlikely for
two reasons; first, because the largest
possible fleet will be needed in Cuban
j waters if Sampson's squadron is to be
I challenged, and, second, because no two
! vessels in the Cape Verde fleet are a
' match for the Oregon, which is one o£
our most powerful battle-ships, to say
nothing of the aid to be rendered by
her gallant little consort, the Marietta.
But while a naval battle in Cuban
waters now seems imminent, the War
| Department is not abating its activity
! in preparing for the invasion of the
! island. With a few exceptions regular
troops only will go. and so far as pos
sible immunes not liable to yellow fever
will be chosen. General Shafter will
lead them, and they will be landed at a
•point not yet mentioned and which, for
obvious reasons, will not be announced
in advance of the sailing of the trans
ports. The regulars will start within
a week unless something unforeseen oc
curs to modify the Navy Department's
plans. From a base of supplies arms
and ammunition will be furnished the
insurgents, food distributed to the
starving Cubans/and a line of commu
nication with the rebel army kept open.
One by one the batteries on the north
coast of the island will be demolished
by Admiral Sampson's fleet, and the
joint movement will gradually concen
trate upon Havana, the capitulation of
which is as certain as if the pride of the
Pearl of the Antilles already lay in
ruins.
SPAIN'S SEA - FIGHTERS ARE
INFERIOR.
Since the battle of L,epanto ln 1571.
when the Spanish and Venetians together
fought the Turks and won after a long
and bloody contest, Spain has not won v
notable victory on the sea. Her naval
prowess has steadily declined, and to-day
few of the little South American repub
lics, who were her former colonies, would
confess that they were afraid ol hsr.
The last naval battle fought by Spain
In the New World showed conclusively
how her maritime power has decreased.
She was defeated by Peru, with Chile's
aid, and since then the Spaniard har3 kept
away from the Pacific coast of South
America.
The story of that war and its disastrous
results to Spain is told in the Army and
Navy Journal. In 1864 Spain sent a squ.id
ron of seven vessels, mounting 211 guns,
to punish the Peruvians for the maltreat
ment of Spanish subjects. The Peruvians
had nothing on the water with which tc
oppose this force, but Chile came to her
aid with three vessels— the Esmeralda,
carrying forty-two smoothbores; the Vic
toria, a small one-gun monitor, and the
Loa, a diminutive Merrimac, plated with
Iron and mounting two sixty-eight-pound
ers. The Esmeralda met the Spanish
gunboat Cavandago (three guns) and cap
tured her in twenty minutes without the
loss of a man. The Spaniards fired only
three shots. They had two men killed
and fourteen wounded. The loss of the
Cavandago, followed by the capture of '
an armored launch, so chagrined the !
Spanish admiral. Pareja, that he blew out '
his brains in his cabin.
Admiral Nunez, who succeeded Pareja,
then gallantly assailed the defenseless
Valparaiso, where not a single gun was
mounted except a few saluting pieces.
Not a shot was fired from the town and
the Inhabitants promptly evacuated it.
This Spanish admiral, in spite of the pro
tests of the foreign rrfen-of-war in the
harbor, threw from 2000 to 3000 shells into
it from his fleet of six vessels. The
Spanish gunnery was so wretched that
little damage was done, except by flre,
which destroyed 110.000,000 worth of neu
tral goods. It was a most wanton piece
of barbarity, for if the Spaniards had
had a landing force they could have taken
the town without tiring a shot.
The gallant Nunez next assaulted the
city of Callao, which taught him the dif
ference between an open town and one
that was adequately defended. In four
or five hours the Spanish squadron was
badly used up and was glad to crawl back
to Spain as best it could in its crippled
condition. The Villa ffia Madrid, fifty-six
guns, got a shot in her steam chest and
was towed out of action; the Berenguela,
thirty-six guns, had a hole twenty feet
square knocked into her near the water
line by an exploding shell and crawled out.
of range to repair damages.
r lhe ammunition in two other Spanish
vessels gave out after a two hours' fight,
and they had to retire, one of them hav
ing been twice on flre in the neighborhood
of the magazine. This left two vessels,
the Numancia, ironclad, and tho Alman
za. Two hours later these two, vessels
ceased their fire and withdrew, the Chile
ans firing at them until they were be
yond range. The Spanish loss is not ex
actly known, but is supposed to have
been about 200. Commodore Rodgers, ,
D. S. N.; estimated the loss of the Chile
ans at eighty, though others give a larger
number. No aetioas damage was done to
either ships or forts l>y the tire beyond
that earned. The Spaniards then with
drew discomfited from the Pacific, being
short of stores and ammunition and with
their vessels foul for want of docking.
They ha.l established a base at the Chin
cha Islands, but they had no facilities for
repair.
Spain has shared in the movement of
naval progress and is far more formid
able in ships and guns than she was in
1884, but not relatively. We have no rea
son to suppose that her sailors are better,
though ii may he that the use of range
flndera may improve their gunnery. Still
the personnel factor will tell, and that is
always in favor of the American. The
Spaniard has never distinguished himself
on the sea, where the personal equation
is so important.
THE DECLARATION OF INDEPEND
ENCE.
The declaration is divided into two
parts: First, the statement of certain
genera] principles of the rights of men
and peoples; and, second, an attack on
George 111 as a tyrant, setting forth in a
series of propositions the wrongs done
by him to the Americans which justified
them in rebellion. Criticism has been di
rected first against the attack on the
King, then to the originality of the doc
trines enunciated, then against the state
ment of the rights of man,- Jefferson's
"self-evident truths," and finally against
the style.
The latest criticism is easily disposed
of. Year after year, for more than a cen
tury, the Declaration of Independence
has been solemnly read in every city,
town and hamlet in the United States to
thousands of Americans, who have heard
it over and over again, and who listen to
it in reverent silence and rejoice that it
is theirs to read. If it hail been badly
written the most robust patriotism would
in- Incapable of this habit. False rhetoric
or turgid sentences would have been their
own death warrant, and the pervading
American sense of humor would have
seen to its execution. The mere fact that
Jefferson's words have stood successfully
this endless repetition is infallible proof
that the declaration has the true and
high literary quality which alone could
have preserved through such trials its
lmpresßivenesa and Its savor. To those
who will study the declaration carefully
from the literary side it is soon apparent
that the English is fine, trie tone noble
and dignified, and the style strong, clear
and imposing.— Senator H. C. Lodge in
March Seribner's.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
My Head Felt So Bad
At times I was afraid I would be
insane. I was in a dreadful condi-
tion with nervous dyspepsia. I had
worked very hard and became all
run down. I could not sleep, had
bad spells with my heart, and my
stomach was in a terrible condition.
i I had dreadful neuralgia pains in
my side, was often dizzy and could
not walk across the room. A neigh-
dor urged me to take Hood's Sarsa-
parilla, which I did. Soon I could
sleep better and my appetite re-
turned. I continued to gain so rap-
Idly that my friends remarked how
. much better I was looking. It is t
now five months since 1 began tak-
1 ing Hood's Sarsaparilla and I am
doing my work alone, feel cheerful,
all my bad feelings are gone and 1
1 have gained in weight. I cannot
. -help praising Hood's Sarsaparilla,
and advise any sick and suffering to
take this great medicine. MRS.
FRED A. TURNER, Barre, j
To-day Buy and Begin to Take
ItOOCI parilla
America's Greatest Spring Medicine.
HOOD'S FILLS cure all Liver Ills. 25' cents
STARCH!
Twenty-five barrels fine . Laundry
Starch consigned and for sale at ;
2 CENTS A POUND
In ban el lots, or 3 cents in less quan-
tity. Quality is O. K. and price guar-
antfed. Terms C. O. D. Save 50 per
cent when you can* Our stove is full
of bargains for cash buyers.
SMITHS
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
oo o o 00 00 0000 00 00 0
1 - PALACE *" ? %
% GRAND "OTELS O
q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
*f Connected by o covered passageway. ,
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O AU UjTDER OXE MANAOE4IK.<II O
O • NOTE THE PRICES: . .'- . O
O European Plan. 9 1 . 00 per day and upward ft
American Plan. »3, OO per day »nd upward *»
Q Correspondence Solicited* ;.:,'.: Q
Q JOHN C. SIBKPATRICK, Minager. q
000000000000000000
0A Chlchestcr** Ensllsh Diamond Urand.
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
U -^K'V* Original »nd Only Genuine. :; *.
£i(B*Swi Druggist for Chic/tetter $ English Dla-JGF&i.'
£&&&&£££ mond Brand in Ked and liaU nseullioVXJfHr
■Ev*V_~CTOboiM. acaled with blue rihbon. Take VSf •
■ffA &v no other. Refuse dangerous rubstitu- '■ V .
I"/ — turns and imitation*. At DrugurißH, or aend 4«.
I i^. W Id rtampa for particulars, t>-stimonl»li «nl
I m " to " Relief for I.s<ilr«." in Utter, by return
«V^ Or SUIL 10.000 TrstimonUls. Paper.
i ■~^Chlphr«(crCnemlckll'o...Mmll«mßq»«wre t
bid by all Local Druggist*. PIIILAUA., FA
~ ' ~7 d ■ 77- : ~~~~~.
BimiiJiikiiia
IUIIlVllMT»"* <^"^— "^ " Hfffc ' *" A —^-**«
■I HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- M
fl Colored Spots, Aches, Old: Sores, Ulcers B
■in Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write COOK HEM- I
lEDYI EDY CO., '213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-
B CAGO, ILL..: for proof a of cures. - Capital B
J foOO.OUU. Worst cases cured In la to &i days. B
J IOU-page book free. . . U
"V^^BBBbfe&'i'iS *"•> <* '• a non-polsonoaa
*fA nP w remedy for Gonorrbcea.
JBjrCIIH£KV| Gleot, Sperm&torrhcc%
gSpW In 1 to6d»ys'.'<M Whites, unnatural dls-
nUy Ooanatrca V charges, or any inflamma-
jiwj not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcora-
jr 1 'BPr«Tent3 eontajloo. ■ tion cf mucous mem-
fTo^THEEVANS CHEHIPHno. branes. NoQ-astrlngent.
Vflm. CINCINNATI.O ES3 Mold by I>rns>rlsta.
nOk V.B.x joB or ' nt in plain' 'wrapper,
'W^^BB!^^: l> y express, prepaid, for
V^^ssrg3?tf>V3 * 1 - 00 ' or 3 bottles. $2.75.
;-.- ; ,~ .^wFtriW^t^V ■ ■ Circular t'-ut -on raqneei.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE * DAMIAXA BITTER 3, 7HB
. grew Mexican. Remedy; glvea ■ health aa4 -
strength to the sexual grgana.ARMORED
FLEET TO
ASSEMBLE
Vessels to Be Selected to
Stand Off the Span=
ish Ships.
There Will Probably Be an Im=
mediate Junction of the Best
Craft in the Commands of
Sampson and Schley.
NEW YORK, April 29— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: Immediately fol
lowing the receipt of the official infor
mation announcing the departure of the
Spanish fleet from St. Vincent sailing
orders were issued to the flying squad
ron, under command of Commodore
Schley. ■ These orders are the result of a
discussion by the Naval War Board of
the strategical considerations entering
into the departure of the Spanish men
of-war.
Naturally the greatest secrecy is ob
served as to the destination of the fly
ing squadron, but it is generally con
ceded by naval experts having knowl
edge of the plans of the board that the
probabilities point to an immediate
junction of t!. armored vessels under
Commodore Schley and those com
manded by Rear-Admiral Sampson, and
the placing of this formidable force at
a central position where they can
promptly resist any attack made by the
Spanish fleet either upon the American
or upon the blockading squadron
surrounding Cuban ports.
In addition to the orders to Commo
dore Schley's command, I learned to
day that telegraphic instructions have
been sent to Cramps to hasten the com
pletion of the American line steamer
St. Paul, and she will probably be ready
for sea to-morrow. Tte St. Louis and
Xcw York or Harvard are at Tomo
kinsville, and the St. Louis will be sent
at once on scouting duty. The Paris
(or Yale 1. which is expected momen
tarily at Nejf York, will be supplied
with only four six-pounders, as were
the St. Louis and the New York, and
be sent to sea also act as a scout.
In determining the formation of a
squadron composed entirely of ar
mored craft the department has been in
fluenced by a desire to have at hand a
force which could be depended on to de
feat any fleet which might be sent to this
side of the Atlantic by Spain. For some
days past, as the Herald has stated, the
War Board has been carefully consider
ing the advisability of forming this
squadron, and it needed but the depar
ture of the Spanish ships to cause the
necessity of such action to appear press
ing.
Commodore Schley's fleet, as at pres
ent constituted, is not sufficiently strong
to meet the Spanish vessels, even the
first division, composing four armored
cruisers and three torpedo boat destroy
ers. Two of his ships, the Minneapolis
and Columbia, are on scouting duty
and under orders to pick up any Span
ish merchantman which they might hap
pen to meet. Commodore Sthley, there
fore, has at Hampton Roads only the
armored cruiser Brooklyn Cthe flag
ship), the first class battle-ship Massa
chusetts and the second class battle-ship
Texas. Under Rear-Admiral Samp
son's command are the armored cruiser
Ifew York (the flagship), and the first
class battle-ships lowa and Indiana.
The junction of these vessels with
those of Commodore Schley's force will
place under Rear-Admiral Sampson's
command four first class battle-ships,
one second class battle-ship and two ar
mored cruisers. Commodore Schley
would retain command of his force as
a division under Rear-Admiral Samp
son.
In withdrawing armor-clad.; from the
Cuban blockade the force on that duty
while it would be greatly weakened
would still be of ample strength to de
stroy Spanish vessels in various ports
and enforce the blockade as strictly as
it is now maintained. It will be poss
ible to retain on blockading duty all
the protected cruisers, gunboats, con
verted gunboats, etc., now in Cuban
waters, and these vessels would still be
superior to those of Spain there. It is
therefore considered practically, feasible
and desirable by the naval experts that
an armored fleet should be formed at
once, in view of the fact that it is not at
all certain where the Spanish fleet is
bound. It is appreciated at the depart
ment that when the armored fleet is
finally assembled it will be desirable
to attach to it a number of sea-going
boats to act as patrol boats and prevent
Spanish torpedo boat destroyers and
Spanish torpedo boats from attempting
to sneak in on the vessels at night on
hostile errands. The Scorpion, for
merly the Sovereign, which is now at
Hampton Road-, with the flying squad
ron, will be one of the vessels detailed
to this duty.
As to the point where the armor-clads
will be stationed, nothing can be learn
ed, but it will undoubtedly be in south
ern waters, so that they can be equally
convenient to Cuba and Porto Rico and
£u N ,° rt ! iern POmtS Of this country.
While they are stationed at that point
six vessels, which will be engaged on
scouung duty, will be steaming about
the seas endeavoring to obtai.. informa
tion concerning the whereabouts of the
Spanish fleet. The Minneapolis and
Columbia will probably be retained in
northern waters,, while the St. Paul, St.
Louis. New York and Paris will be
sent to the Canaries and possibly near
the coast of Spain to ascertain the po
sition of Spanish men-of-war. Recog-
BATTLE=SHIP INDIANA, Reported by Blanco to Have Run Aground.
nizing the possibility of the Spanish fleet
proceeding to Porto Rico, it can be
pretty definitely stated that one of the
American liners, either the St. Louis or
New York, will be sent to that neigh
borhood with instructions to report to
the department or Rear-Admiral Samp
son the appearance of any Spanish *hip.
The St. Paul, which is armored and can
therefore successfully meet any of the
auxiliary cruisers of Spain, will prob
ably be sent over toward the Canaries,
and the Paris and either the St. Louis
or New York will probably ioin her in
scouting the seas in that vicinity.
Under instructions which will be
given the commanding officers of these
scouts it is expected that they will ob
tain information not alone by sighting
the enemy itself, but by speaking neutral
merchantmen when they may chance to
meet. As the American liners have an
extremely large coal capacity it will be
possible for them to remain at sea for
quite a long time, and to report to the
department when they secure any in
formation. By this m^ans the Spanish
authorities will be kept in a state of
anxiety and suspense, not knowing but
that the vessels may be under orders to
capture merchantmen plying along their
own coast. It is not going too far to
say that the American liners will pick up
any Spanish merchant vessels which
they may run across.
ROUGH RIDERS TO
ROUND UP THE DONS.
Arizona's Quota of Cowboy Riflemen
Leaves for Whipple Bar
racks.
BISBEE. * Hz.. April 29.— The Cochise
County quota for the Arizona cowboy
cavalry left for Whipple Barracks this
afternoon. It consisted of seventeen
cowboys from this vicinity — rough
riders and fine shots. One of the men
at a practice ride and shoot got his
mustang to bucking. The horse bucked
the bridle off and broke both cinches
off the saddle, and the rider put three
bullets into a tomato can fifty feet off
while his animal was doing the turn.
The horse was unable to throw him.
This is a sample of the material com
posing this cavalry. Large crowds
were at the depot to bid them fere
well. This cavalry is picked for duty
at the front in Cuba, and will leave
for New Orleans on Monday or Tues
day under command of Major Alex O.
Brodie to help round up the Spanish
In Cuba.
Favors a Large Standing Army.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., April 29.—
General Brooke, in an address to the
Young Men's Business League here to
night, called attention to the short
sighted policy of the Government in
! not maintaining a larger standing
j army, stating that the army was now
! halted at Chickamauga because of the
< insufficiency of numbers and intimated
1 that the delay in invading Cuba was
! due to the unpreparedness of the army,
i occasioned by the lack of necessary
legislative provision.
"Let me venture a prophecy as to the
result of the war," said he. "Many
wives wil' become widows, mothers
will lose sons and sweethearts their
lovers before this business is over."
»_
Squadron to Leave Madrid.
LONDON, April 29.— The Cadiz cor
respondent of the Times says: .Vhen
the battle-ship Numaneia arrives at
Cartagena, the squadron will be pre
pared, consisting of the Vittoria, the
Alfonso XIII, three torpedo-bjat de
stroyers and three torpedo-boats, to
leave immediately.
Bead "The Story of the Rise of the
Christian Scientists" in next Sun
day's Call.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
WEYLER AS
AN ORATOR
Tries to Justify His Rule
of Ruin in Stricken
Cuba.
V
Tells Spain's Parliament That
the Country Should Now
Take the Offensive.
Could Have Kept His Promise
Have 50,000 Veterans to Attack
the United States.
Eperlal Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID. April 29.— 1n the Cortes to
day General "Weyler, in a clear voice
and amid marked attention from the
whole house and the galleries, apolo-
gized for prolonging the debate, plead
ing that he could not allow the oppor
tunity to pass of defending himself
against criticism. With much warmth
and sternness he defended his political
and military acts of severity in Cuba,
showing that he deemed them virtually
necessary and that they were justified
by the results they produced. So much
was this the case, he declared that
had he been allowed six months longer
he would have entirely crushed the in
surrection and would have realized the
promise he made to Senor Canovas del
Castillo that by April. IS9S. he would
be in a position to offer him 50,000 vete
rans to attack the United States.
General Weyler severely criticized the
home rule policy in Cuba and the time
selected for decreeing it, and he con
cluded a passionate appeal for a dis
play of energy, urging the G .vernment
to take the offensive vigorously on both
land and sea, as remaining on the de
fensive was "the worst possible policy
with such an enemy."
The Duke of Tetuan and Lieutenant
General Azrarrage declared that the
Conservative party always approved
and accepted the responsibility for the
a.ts of General Weyler in Cuba. These
declarations afforded Senor Moret, Sec
retary for the Colonies, an opportunity
of avoiding a debate with Weyler. Se
nor Moret declaring that such a course
would be unadvisable at present and
would better be left for "a day when
statesmen can find time for "discus
sion."
SAYS HE SIGHTED
THE BATTLESHIP OREGON.
But the Captain of a British Steamer
Was Probably Mistaken in
the Vessel.
Copyrighted. IR9S, by Jam«>B Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Chile, April 29.— The
captain of the British steamer Orissa,
which arrived here this morning from
Liverpool, states that on April 20, twen
ty-four miles this side of Cape Pilar
he met the United States battleship
Oregon, steaming toward the Atlantic.
Nothing has been hean here of the
gunboat Marietta. Winter has set in
with heavy rains.
NEW YORK, April 29.— The Herald
and the Navy Department have re
ceived advices that the Oregon and
Marietta were coaling at Punta Ar
enas on April 17, and as Punta Arenas
is farther east than Cape Pilar the cap
tain of the Orissa must have been mis
taken as to the ship he sighted.
BUENOS AYRES, April 29.— United
States Minister Buchanan had an in
terview with President Cuestas to-day
regarding the attitude of Argentina in
the war. He was told that the republic
would continue its cordial relations
with the United States and Snain. He
also sounded the President as to the
attitude of the Government in case the
battle-ship Oregon and gunboat Mari
etta should put into this port for coal
and supplies. President Cuestas re
plied that the Government will proceed
according to international treaties.
Should the two warships put in here
they will be allowed to remain twenty
four hours and may take on sufficient
coal and supplies to carry them to the
nearest port of the United States.
ACTIVE OPERATIONS
IN THE CANARIES.
Spain Has a Garrison on the Island
While the Natives Are All
Loyal.
QAIATBSTON, April 29.— Captain
Presser of the British steamship Neth
ergate, which arrived from Las Palmas,
Canary Islands, to-day, said that when
he sailed on the 11th there was not an
armed vessel of Spain In the port, but
that day a transport arrived from
Spain with 2000 soldiers, and he was
Informed the garrison embraced 25,
000 men. Among the troops, he said,
are several engineers who will put up
modern guns shipped from Spain six
months ago. These will be placed In
fortifications commanding the harbor.
Spaniards and natives In the Canaries,
he says, are loyal, and will fight for
Spain. The English element has been
expecting an American man-of-war for
some time.
NO SPIES ON
THE PURITAN
A Fireman Arrested Be
cause His Mind Is Not
Well Balanced.
Deemed Best Not to Permit
Him to Be at Large on
the Monitor.
Trivial Incident Gave Rise to
Sensational Story of Treason
on the Vessel.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 29.— There is
absolutely no foundation for the sen
sational reports cabled from here that
a case of treason has been discovered
HEAVY FIRING
HEARD IN THE
BAY OF FUNDY
No Warships Known to Be
There, Yet It Gives Down
East Men a Scare.
EASTPORT, Me., April 29.— Intense excitement was caused here
between 5:30 and 6 o'clock by the boom of heavy suns off Quoddy
Head. The reports were plainly heard here and the firing was evi
dently heavy and rapid. All sorts of reports are flying about the city
to-night, but it is generally believed that tlie cruiser Minneapolis has
taken part in an engagement.
The Minneapolis left Machias, Me., at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon
bound west. The reports to-night came from the direction sh.ps would
take in ajid out of St. Johns, which would be the course al .g which
the cruiser would proL bly steam if coming from Machias.
Rumors of the presence of Spanish gunboats in Fundy Bay,
coupled with the mysterious movements in these waters of the cruiser
were held to account for the visit of the Minneapolis and many fancied
that a Spaniard and the cruiser had met.
Another theory was that the Spanish gunboat was after American
merchant vessels. The weather is very thick outside and nobody could
see far enough to gain any idea of the cause for the shooting.
NEW YORK, April 29.— A Halifax, N. S., special to the Herald
says: There is no news whatever in this city of firing in the Bay of
Fundy. It is utterly impossible that any Spanish gunboat could reach
that bay, which is practically an inland pea, bounded by the coasts of
Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, without the fact becoming well
known. There is no record of a Spanish gunboat ever entering the
Bay of Fundy. American vessels in that water are infrequently seen,
and so far as known there has not been a vessel flying the American
flag in the bay for months. There is none such there now.
on board the United States monitor
Puritan. The rumors arose from the
strange action of a fireman, with a
Spanish soundins- name, now under re
straint on the warship because of his
eccentricities. The officers of the Puri
tan declare there is no thought of try
ing the man by court-martial, and that
all the talk about treason is absurd.
It appears that a few days ago the
man in questitn was seen in one of the
monitor's turrets, and the man who
saw him reported that he had his hand
on the lock of the magazine, whereupon
the fireman was placed under restraint.
The crew of the monitor became ex
cited, and dccl. red there was a Spanish
spy on board. Through this the ex
travagant stories were concocted.
The officers of the Puritan believe the
man is a Cuban, and they assert posi
tively that he has never given evidence
of any sort of sympathy with Spain,
but they add, on the contrary, that
when the Puritan was off Matanzas,
the man was frequently heard to say
he would like to get ashore and join
the insurgents.
The action of the officers of the moni
tor in placing the man under restraint
was guided solely by the danger of al
lowing an unevenly balanced man to
be at large;
Preparing to Leave Havana.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— Diplomats
here are making arrangements through
their country's consuls and agents at
Havana for the departure of foreign of
ficials and colonies as soon as there is
any indication of bombardment or any
other move that will imperil the lives
of foreigners residing in Havana. A
British warship is now on the way to
Havana. Germany, Italy and Austria
also have ships in West Indian waters,
in the vicinity of Havana, to take care
of their citizens. It is understood that
the foreign consul-generals and consuls
have been given wide latitude in deter
mining the time when foreigners should
leave. It is the expectation here that
Admiral Sampson will serve ample no
tice on the authorities, both Spanish
and foreign, before opening fire.
ALLIES IN THE
PHILIPPINES
Aguinaldo Will Head a
Movement to Free
the Islands.
Former Insurgent Leader Sails
With Commander Dewey's
Squadron.
English Newspaper Declares That
Our Fleet Cannot Reduce
Manila Fortifications.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDOin, April 30.— A disp-tch to the
Daily Mail from Singapore says: Com
modore Dewey was accompanied by
Jose Alexandrine a prominent officer
under Aguinaldo. Alexandrino has a
magical influence in the Philippines and
will head the popular movement to
throw off Spanish rule. A naval battle
is expected to occur to-day (Friday) in
Manila Bay. Her Majesty's ship Bona
Ventura has sailed, presumably for Ma
nila.
The Daily Mail says this morning:
"We have private Information that the j
strength of the defenses of Manila and
Havana is much underrated and that
no bombardment can be attempted by
the American commanders with much
chance of success. The entrance to
Manila Bay is mined and ten-inch guns
have been mounted.
"A few weeks ago, before the Hong- ;
kong Supreme Court, Attachio, the !
Minister of the Interior in the pro
visional government, applied for an in
junction to restrain Aguinaldo (the in
surgent leader) from departing with
$100,030 that had been remitte 1 here by
the Spanish Government for distribu
tion among the leaders of the late in
surrection. Other members of the coun
cil purpose issuing- a disclaimer against
Attachio's action and expressing con
fidence in Aguinaldo. He and his col
leagues have devised a plan of going
to Manila in their own vessel and have
a large supply of ammunition and
The Hongkong correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says: A -uinaldo, the
insurgent chief nd his colleagues are
elaborating a plan to make a descent in
force near Manila, They have secured
a vessel for the purpose and have been
plentifully supplied with a s and am
j munition from the American squadron.
WAR MEASURES
BEFORE THE SENATE.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— At to
day's session of the Senate the report
of the conferees on the naval appro
priation bill was presented and agreed
to. The measure as perfectr I carries
a little more than $57,000,000. No other
business of general importance was
transacted.
On motion of Aldrich of Rhode Is
land it was decided that r.hen the Sen
ate adjourn to-day it be to meet on
Monday n-xt.
The bill to promote the efficiency of
the revenue cutter service was passed.
At 1:35 p. m., on motion of Allison,
the Senate went into executive session
and at 4:15 p. m. adjourned.
Big Payroll at Mare Island.
VALLEJO. April 29.— The pay roll of !
the construction and repair depart- ;
ments for labor during the first half of
April amounted to $63,000, and during
the three months ending March 31 Pay
master Barry has disbursed to the em
ployes of all the departments of the
Mare Island Navy Yard $332,000. The
brick masons are now laid off because
the appropriation for repairing the
buildings damaged by the recent earth-
Quake has not yet become available.
WATCHED
IT FROM
THE CITY
Spanish Men and Women
of Matanzas Saw the
Bombardment.
With Flags Flying and Bands
Playing the Dons and Their
Ladies Defied Sampson's
Warships.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
Special cable to the Herald from a
Spanish source:
HAVANA, April 29. — A squadron,
made up of three armored ships and
three small ones, attacked Matanzas
day before yesterday afternoon, firing
seventy-two shots. The city did not
suffer any damage nor was any person
wounded. Some shells fell into the city,
but none exploded.
After a few shots had been fired by
the squadron all the city was filled with
bands marching through the streets,
playing national and Cuban airs. They
were applauded by the people, who
hoisted flags and cried "Viva Espana!
Here come the northern barbarians!"
Women enthusiastically waved hand
kerchiefs and fans, and men and wo
men ran to behold the spectacle of a
bombardment, shouting "Fire your
shells! You can't kill anybody."
The batteries of the city answered
by firing their guns. Foreign Consuls
protested because the bombardment
had been begun without previous an
nouncement. The Consuls of Austria
and France have made a formal pro
test.
The city of Havana remains abso
lutely quiet, cave for bands playing
at Central Park. Every street is gay
ly bedecked with banners.
During the day the American fleet
off the coast draws an immense crowd,
who look at it with spy glasses and
opera glasses. They comment on the
blockade as sport. Havana beach has
these last few days been converted into
a promenade. A man with a large
telescope on a tripod offers a sight of
the fleet for 5 cents.
The rebel brigadier, Masco Parra, has
gathered more than 4000 Cubans, who
are already equipped and prepared to
fight for Spain. They are all "presen
tados," insurgents who have come in
from the field.
Havana is prepared for battle. The
enlistment of volunteer corps continues.
It is estimated that there are now 80,
000 men ready to defend their coun
try- Generals Blanco and Pando havq
w^^^_______ ADVERTISEMENTS.
t
likes to dress well. With
all this talk about Uncle Sam and his
sailors of course the little fellow would
like a sailor suit. You may not want
to pay much — don't need to either.
Sailor suits for boys 3 to s/^^fl F^zr^' ■
8 years old; blue material ijTV/^K ]
(as worn aboard our navy); ~ B r-^c^^^j^
large square collar and ~'''~^-^m&S%[\
shield, trimmed with black 3^iVfFf^\
braid and soutache; French jesZ^L-l * jsPy
cuffs; silk ribbon bow; ttdf^l-L ' Jfr&^
also with green collar and " ££-— *"l^
shield trimmed with white il|ifc~" o "'\ r I
silk soutache on red inlaid ' \jf\s'
cloth. Knee pants, with js -V,
buckle and bow at the knee. Jl \^
«*^|gggjswlf > Middy suits for boys.. 3 to
\*s -. P*>- 8 years old ; nice blue ma-
i^SwJfo fs£*m&tu4 teria1 ' green collar and vest
]s/^cILF/®^jffi\ trimmed with braid and sou-
/^^S^^l II ff tache on red inlaid cloth.
jf\' J JL^^ I ; Knee pants ; with buckle and
l/U (iiC^/ n bow at the knee — a most
W l^^jiJ^S; suitable garment for patri-
i-ll H. IjS^ 55 otic boys.
P Mothers should visit our juvenile de-
partment ; for example here's something
perhaps but few of them know about.
Boys' all-wool suits ; checks, plaids and
neat brown mixtures; ages 4to 14 ; for
spring and summer wear.
S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market St.
been surveying personally the forti*
fications of Havana. Sentry lines have
been posted and civilians are not
allowed to pass through them. Com
mittees of defense have been formed
in every district. Many distinguished
ladies and others have tendered their
services.
The American ship Indiana, which
stranded on Wednesday, has succeeded
in getting off again with the help of
two of the blockading fleet. It is ex
pected that the captain of the Spanish
mail steamer Montserrat will reach Ha
vana from Cienfuegos this afternoon.
A parade in his honor will start from
Ursulinas Square, because he entered
port, and, finding a blockade, escaped
from the American fleet by sailing to
Cienfuegos.
Advices the Holy See.
LONDON, April 30.— The Rome cor
respondent of the Daily Chronicle says:
Archbishop Martinelli, Papal delegate
to the Roman Catholic church in the
United States, has cabled the Vatican
to abstain from all demonstrations of
sympathy with Spain which would ex
cite the Protestant sentiment of th«
United States against the Roman Cath
olics.
Bernabe Off to Madrid.
TORONTO. Ont., April 29.— Captain
Lopez. Spanish naval inspector front
New York, and Lieutenant Espa, hl»
assistant, arrived in this city yester
day and held a long consultation with
Senor Polo y Bernabe. To-day the con
sultation was prolonged and the two
naval officers left to-night direct for
Madrid.
Bismarck Offers Advice.
LONDON. April 30.— Prince Bis
marck, according to a dispatch from
Berlin, says Germany ought not to
bind her hands by a neutrality declar
ation.
Oregon's Quota Ready,
PORTLAND, Or., April 29.— The en
tire National Guard of Oregon, num
bering about 1400, -will be in Portland
to-morrow.
34
STARTLING
WAR NEWS
AT BOSTON
Convicts Will Be Removed
prom Prisons ir) the
Harbor.
formidable UndertaKJo9 Made
Necessary by Prospects of a
Bombardn)ent by a
SpaQish Fleet.
BOSTON. April 29.— The most start
ling war move yet made here will be
instituted on Monday, when all the
inmates of all the penal institutions in
the harbor will be moved to a place
of safety in the city proper. This is
a most significant move when taken in
connection with the establishment of
such a formidable naval patrol of this
coast, the Columbia and Minneapolis
being on patrol duty here now, the
Bancroft in the harbor, the New Or
leans and San Francisco ordered hither
at once from the Brooklyn navy-yard
and several monitors to arrive here
soon from Philadelphia.
This big transfer of prisoners is a
formidable undertaking and would
never have been ordered by the con
servative city officials of the Hub un
less they were firmly convinced of the
real and imminent possibily of danger
to the public charges from the chance
of the bombardment of Boston harbor
by a Spanish fleet, which might make
its appearance at any time without suf
ficient warning to enable their removal
after the hostile ships hove into sight.
The statement regarding the decision
was officially confirmed to-night by
Ernest C. Marshall, the institution's
commander, of the city of Boston, who
informed a reporter that orders had
been issued for the removal of the pris
oners on Monday. All these officials
of the institution have been ordered to
be at their posts at an early hour Mon
day and extensive arrangements have
VERY STRICT
NEUTRALITY
Portugal's Finn Stand in
the Treatment of
Belligerents.
Will Pursue the Same Policy
as That Existing During
the Civil War.
Hayti Known to Be Friendly With
the United States, but Will Not
Take Sides.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 29.
Viscount de Santo Thyrso, the Por
tuguese Minister, looked over the cable
dispatch from Lisbon giving the sub
stance of the neutrality decree gazetted
there to-day and said it was evidently
accurate and covered the entire sub
ject. He had not, however, up to a
late hour to-day received an official no
tification of the neutrality decree. He
Bays that article 3, which permits
belligerents to make a short stop at
Portuguese ports, probably will be bet
ter understood by saying that belliger
ents will not be permitted to make long
etays at Portuguese ports. Under the
usual rules of international law the
stay is likely to be confined to a day or
two. In this connection the Minister
drew attention to the privileges per
mitted when warships of both belliger
ent nations were at the same port. In
that case, if the warship of one power
leaves port, the warship of the other
power cannot leave in pursuit within
twenty-four hours, that much time be
ing allowed the ship first departing to
go on her way without molestation.
Portugal has been very insistent
upon this particular rule, and notable
Instances of it occurred when the fa
mous Confederate privateer Alabama
was at Lisbon during the Civil War. A
United States ship entered Lisbon har
bor while the Alabama was there and
the Alabama immediately withdrew.
Th« United States ship apparently
started in pursuit, whereupon the Por
tuguese batteries fired warning guns
and were prepared to make armed re
sistance to the departure of the second
warship before the first one hud her
full twenty-four hours' start. It
turned out that the Northern ship had
not intended to chase the Alabama,
but was moving her buoys, so that
trouble was averted. This same rule
allowing twenty-four hours' start to
the warship of either country will
again be observed in the present con
flict.
The British and French Emhassa
uirs here have received instructions
relative to the tonnage tax provision in
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Soap in stick form;
convenience and econ-
omy in shaving. "A
balm for the skin."
been made to move their prisoners.
Boston is the first city in the country
to make such a move as this in the i
present crisis. There are about 1200
prisoners at Deer Island. In spite of i
all the efforts that are being made to i
prevent such a thing, it is feared that
the transfer of so many prisoners of !
such a character cannot be accom- i
plished without great danger of riot
ous outbreaks, attempted rescues and
escapes. The very fact of this danger
is evidence that the city officials axe
deeply impressed with the probability
of the threatened Spanish naval attack !
on Boston. If they were not so they j
would never take the risks necessary
for such a step as this.
It is not known just where the pris
oners will be placed, but it is certain
that they will be taken well into the i
suburbs or the heart of the city, so as '
to be well removed from the reach of |
the enemy's guns. As many as can be j
possibly accommodated at the Reform- '
atory at Concord will be taken there. I
That is a State institution and is well
filled. Serious outbreaks are expected,
as there is absolutely no place where
the prisoners can be properly accom
modated, as every jail and prison for
miles about is crowded to the very
doors. They will have to be divided
and scattered in different places.
There is a panic at Deer Island, pris
oners being overcome with fear of bom
bardment behind their iron bars. The
thousands .if inmates of the charitable j
and hospital institutions will also be ;
removed. All these institutions are on
the most exposed Islands, inviting tar
gets for Spanish shells.
the war tariff bill which passed the
House of Kepresentatives to-day. It is
understood that the German Embassa
d'>r will also receive instructions on the
same subject. The nature of the in
structions is not disclosed, but they,
doubtless, relate to joint representa
tions against the severity of the new
tonnage tax.
Leading diplomats are hopeful that
their representations will lead to a
modification of the clause, otherwise
they feel that the tonnage duties will
be co burdensome on British, French
and Gorman slapping as to cause it to
seek Canadian and Mexican ports.
Aside from the expected official repre
sentation of the foreign Governments,
the shipping interests of London,
Havre and Bremen and other ports are
supplementing the diplomatic negotia
tions with strong representations
against the increased tonnage taxes.
The republic of Hayti is expected to
maintain strict neutrality as between
th ■ United States and Spain, and it is
understood that reports of exceptional
privileges given to the United States
warships in llaytian waters are erro
neous. The Haytian Minister, Mr. Le
Gare, Baid to-day that he had received
n official instructions concerning neu
trality, but he had no doubt an atti
tude of impartial neutrality will be
maintained. It is recognized among
officials here that all the sympathies of
Hayti are with the United States, and
yet any action by that country incon
sistent with strict neutrality would
place Hayti in the attitude of bein~ an
ally of the United States and an open
enemy of Spain. Mr. Le Gare had
noticed the published quotations from
the treaty between the United States
and Hayti which, it is asserted, gave
exceptional privileges to the United
States in that our warships were given
the right to take coal and supplies in
Haytian ports. The Minister made a
careful examination of his official text
of the treaty, and was unable to locate
any such exceptional privilege. The
treaty was made during the civil war,
and contains many provisions relative
to ships of war. But Mr. Le Gare's
reading of them does not disclose any
provision which is inconsistent with
impartiality in a neutral attitude be
twen Spain and the I'nited States.
GUNS AND AMMUNITION
RECEIVED AT TAMPA.
Colonel Emilio Nunez Arrives to
Fit Out an Expedition of
Cubans.
JACKSONVILLE, April 29.— A special
to the Times-Union and Citizen from
Tampa says: Batteries X and Fof the
First Artillery arrived fron 1 Chicka
maußa to-day. Its officers do not look
for the embarkation of troops in the
next few days, but they do incline to
the belief th,at the troops from Chicka
mauga will be all here early next week
and en route to Matanzas by the latter
part of the week.
Colonel Emilio Nunez arrived here
this morning and was met at the depot
by ?". immense crowd of Cubans. An
officer from h adquarters was at the
depot with a carriage in waiting and
took Colonel Nunez in charge and con
veyed him to the Tampa Bay Hotel,
where he was soon closeted with Gen
eral Wade. It is learned he is in the
city for the purpose of fitting out, with
the aid of the Government, an expedi
tion of Cubans.
A large lot of guns and ammunition
was received at Port Tampa last night,
collected, from the military schools. The
guns will be placed in the hands of
Gomez's army. Boats will be sent to
Cuban waters and the force will be
landed by an escort from Sampson's
fleet. A large body of trained soldiers
will be carried from here also.
Orders for Volunteers.
OLYMPIA, Wash., April 29.—Gov
ernor Rogers to-day issued orders for
volunteers to proceed to Tacoma to
morrow for enlistment in the- United
States army. All companies will arrive
on Sunday and be mustered into the
United States service on Monday.
Diamond Trade Affected.
ANTWERP, April 29.-The diamond
merchants here announce that they will
buy no more rough diamonds until
Spain definitely announces that she will
not resort to privateering. This throws
5000 men out of work.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
Maps of the China Sea and the Philippine Islands showing the reported position of the American fleet
off Cape Bolinao, just west of Lingayen Bay, the terminus of the cable irom Hongkong, and about 145 miles
north of the entrance of Manila Bay. The American ships are white; the Spanish ships shown between them
and Manila are black.
From Mirs Bay, just above Hongkong, where the fleet made final preparations for the expedition,
to Bolinao Point is something over 600 miles.
The boundaries of the Philippine Islands are shown by a heavy broken line. The ownership of the
neighboring islands is given in brackets under the names. Points where coal can be had in quantities
above 500 bushels are indicated by round black spots.
MILITARY
OPERATIONS
General Miles Confers
With Assistants in
Reference to Cuba.
Completing Details to Trans
port Regulars to Co-operate
With the Insurgents-
Shafter Leaves Washington for New
Orleans, From Which Placa Ho
Will Lead th« Invasion.
Special Dispatch to The Cat!.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 29.
General Miles and his assistants were
in conference at various times during
the day respecting military operations
that are to be undertaken in the occu
pation of Cuba. They all maintain the
strictest reticence concerning the re
sults of these deliberations, and have
adopted the policy of making nothing
public regarding the regular army
movements, and none of the officers
would confirm the reports published to
day that the infantry regiments at New
Orleans and some of the troops at
Chickamauga are to proceed without
delay to Tampa.
General Shafter, who commands the
brigade at New Orleans, left to-night
for that place, accompanied by his ad
jutant, Colonel Babcock. The Cuban
representatives in Washington were at
General Miles' headquarters to-day
and were consulted in regard to various
steps which would arise in connection
with the co-operation of United States
troops with the Insurgent forces In
Cuba.
The War Department, it is expected,
will endeavor to secure additional ships
for transports, but it is said that none
were acquired to-day. The capacity of
those obtained yesterday is not ade
quate to the number of men which, it
is reported, will embark on the expe
dition to one of the Cuban ports, and
which, it is believed, will be sent in a
very short time. The commissary de
partment has depots of supplies at New
Orleans, Mobile and Chickamauga ade
quate, it is said, for the immediate use
of the service.
AGAIN A RUMOR OF
GERMAN INTERFERENCE.
Report That the Kaiser Will Not
"Permit" a Bombardment
of Manila,
MADRID, April 29.— A great impres
sion has been produced here by a ru
mor that the German Government has
issued a note declaring that it will not
oppose the landing of troops in the
Philippines, but will not permit a bom
bardment, owing to the importance of
the German mercantile interests in all
the towns of the island. Germany's
omission to declare neutrality is held
to give color to this rumor.
SAN JOSE APPOINTIVE
BOARD NAMES OFFICIALS.
School Trustees and Park Commis
sioners Appointed Under the New-
Regime.
SAN JOSE, April 29.— The appointive
board created under the new charter to
fill the various city commissions and
boards has completed its labors. The
following were named as officials at the
meeting this evening:
School Trustees— First Ward, T. O'Neill;
Second Ward, E. H. Wemple; Third Ward,
Charles Kenyon; Fourth Ward, M. J.
Graham: at large, R. J. Langford.
Park Commission— A. H. Marten. J. R.
Carroll. A. C. Darby, B. D, Murphy and
1~ G. Nesmith.
WAR MATERIAL
ON THE PANAMA
The Prize Commissioner
Makes Important Dis-
coveries.
Mauser Rifles and a Large Con
signment of Swords and
Bayonets Found Aboard.
Allies, of Spain Among th« Passen
gers Who Will Be Held as
Prisoners of War.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 29.—Discov
eries made to-day on the captured !
Spanish steamship Panama made it ;
very improbable that she will ever be \
returned to Spain, whatever may be j
made of the Buena Ventura and other \
prizes taken. A search of the Panama's |
cargo was begun yesterday by the Prize j
Commission. This search was continued j
systematically to-day, and it is as yet i
far from complete, but the commission j
has already discovered 200 new Mauser |
rifles and a large consignment of
swords and bayonets, besides a quan- I
tity of fixed ammunition for the Pan
ama's four 14-pounder guns which she I
might have used to blow her captor, the !
Mangrove, out of water, but did not.
The Panama s captain had refused to
admit that his cargo included any con- j
traband of war. It is believed that a j
further search will reveal many more
weapons, and possibly more ammuni- !
tion.
The Prize Commissioners also found
papers tending to show that certain
ones of the Panama's passengers and
other New York Spaniards had been
actively engaged in plans for aiding
the Spaniards of Cuba in getting arms,
ammunition and supplies. The discov
ery of these documents has already led j
to an order from Washington to hold j
as prisoners of war a large number of !
the Panama's passengers.
RICH HAUL MADE
BY TEXAS OUTLAWS.
Bob a Southern Pacific Passenger
Train, Getting Away With
$20,000.
EL PASO, Texas, April 29.— The west
bound Southern Pacific passenger train
No. 20 was taken in charge by four mask
ed men at Comstock, Tex., at midnight
last night, and two miles west of the sta
tion the express car and engine were de
tached and run a short distance ahead.
The robbers wrecked the through safe
and took the entire money contents,
amounting to $20,000. The express car was
badly wrecked by the explosion. No one
was injured and none or the passengers
were disturbed.
The robbers took a trail southward to
ward the Mexican border. A posse was
made up at Del Rio and is now in hot
pursuit.
Russia Needlessly Alarmed.
LONDON, April 30.— The Standard's
Moscow correspondent says Russia
has received a severe blow in the sus
pected friendly agreement between the
United States and England, charging
America with ingratitude.
Americans Must Leave Spain.
LONDON, April 29.— A special dis
patch received from Madrid this even
ing says the Spanish Government is
upon the point of expelling all citizens
of the United States from Spain.
The Nictheroy Damaged.
LONDON, April 30.— A dispatch to
the Daily Mail from Rio de Janeiro
says the departure of the United States
dynamite cruiser Nictheroy has been
delayed by a break in her machin
ery.
DIES OF THIRST
ON THE DESERT
Fate of a Stranger on the
Death Valley Borax
Road.
Found Unconscious and Re
vived by a Physician and
His Wife.
Opens His Eyes Only to Release
Flood of Tears and Then Closes
Them in Death.
Special DlßDatch to The Call.
JOHANNESBURG, April 29.— Many
prospectors have died of thirst near
Lone Willow Spring. This is half way
between Ballarat, Inyo County, and
Granite Wells, San Bernardino County,
on the Death Valley borax road. The
spring is two miles from the road and
hard to find.
Last Tuesday Dr. S. M. Slocum and
his wife of Randsburg found a man by
the side of the road near Lone Willow
spring, unconscious from thirst. He
was lifted into the wagon, an injection
given him, and whisky forced past his
swollen tongue. Then the man partly
opened his eyes, and great tears rolled
down his cheeks as Dr. Slocum said:
"You're ail right; I'll take you home.
Don't feel bad."
The word "home" conveyed too much
of happiness. With sighs the poor man
breathed his last almost in sight of
water and comfort. His fingers had
been worn to the bones digging for
water. At places along the road it
could be seen where he had dvg 1 . There
was nothing about the maa to tell who
he was or wherefrom. He was of
light complexion, like a Scandinavian.
The body and all of the stranger's
belongings are buried sixteen paces
from a certain rock on the Death Val
ley road.
Two graves beside the road, one near
the Lone Willow spring on the moun
tain side, mark the resting place of
three other men who died of thirst,
similar to this case.
SAN DTEGO, April 29.— Ed Moore
of this city and Jay S. Green of Los
Angeles have returned from a trip on
the Colorado Desert, in this county.
They left the third member of their
party, Joseph S. Stanley, aged 35, of
Bakersfteld, dying of hunger and thirst
at Coyote Mills, on the desert, seventy
five miles east of here, on Wednesday
last. They lost their way in attempt
ing to reach Yuma, their horses died,
and they left their companion when he
could no longer walk.
PUBLIC LIBRARY
GIVEN TO REDLANDS.
Dedication of Capitalist Albert X
Smiley's Most Recent Gift
to the City.
REDLANDS, April 29.— The Albert K.
Smiley Library, the gift of the gentleman
whose name it bears, was dedicated here
to-day. The building is one of the most
beautiful and complete in the country. It
is situated in the center of the fine park
which Mr. Smiley gave to the city Borne
time ago. It is of the Moorish style of
architecture. The dedicatory exercises
were held in the library building this
afternoon, Mr. Smiley presenting to the
city the. deeds for the property. Mayor
William Fowler accepted the gift on be
half of the city.
Gladstone Near to Death.
LONDON, April 30.— A private dispatch
from Hawarden to a prominent person in
this city says Mr. Gladstone is rapidly
nearing his end.
The fac-simile /^ v/#/r . ■?"* "on ever "wrapper
signature of i&k//zfctfcJi<M of CASTORIA.
CHOOSING
GENERAL
OFFICERS
Difficulty of the President
in Naming Volunteer ,
Comn)aQders.
For the One Hurjdred and Twenty-
Five Thousand Troops Called
For It Will Require Nearly
Four Hundred Officers.
NEW YORK, April 29.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: No part of the Avar prepar
ations has given President McKinley
more trouble than the appointment of
officers to perfect the organization of
the 125,000 men that have been called
into service. Try as he will to pre
vent politics entering the question, he
is besieged from all directions by mem
bers of his party who are not only ask
ing, but demanding appointments. He
has the greatest amount of patronage
which has fallen to any President since
the war.
In connection with the volunteer
army alone he will have the appoint
ment of twelve major-generals and
thirty-four brigadier-generals, with
their staffs, which aggregate twenty
one lieutenant-colonels, 100 majors, 147
captains and sixty-eight first lieuten
ants, making a grand total of 384 of'
fleers. Of these six major-generals
and fifteen brigadier-generals will be
appointed probably on Monday. The
President will appoint all of these 384
officers, but the recommendations of
the general officers will in most cases
prevail when it comes to the selection
of members of their staffs.
General Grenville M. Dodge to-day
declined the position of major-general
of volunteers which President McKin
ley had offered. General Dodge has
been in this city since Tuesday and has
had many conferences with representa
tives of the army and War Depart
ment, who have tried without success
to prevail upon him to accept the com
mand of the first volunteer corps. Gen
eral Dodge was greatly complimented
at the honor offered him, but said he
was too old to take the field again. He
will abide by his decision unless the
war becomes more severe or lasting
than is now expected.
other candidates for the high mili
tary positions at the disposal of the
President are presented by influential
men each day. Generals Wheeler and
Lee are about equally well indorsed
for the command of the army corps to
be formed from the Southern quotas.
The selection may, however, be a little
influenced by the political status of the
two candidates. The Southern Demo
crats seem to prefer General Wheeler
on the ground of his free silver affilia
tions.
The name of General James Wilson
is now the only one in the list of promi
nent Northern generals who remains
of the general officers which the Presi
dent had at first intended to select.
General Wheeler and General Wilson
were opposed to each other through the
rebellion as leaders of the Northern
and Southern cavalry forces in the
Gulf States, and it would be an inter
esting incident if after thirty years
they should command adjacent corps
in the army of the Union.
General Wilson's selection is consid
ered here as practically <-°rtaln. He is
one of the youngest of the prominent
war generals now living, having been
graduated at West Point in the class
of 1860. General Wilson had every rank
in the army, from second lieutenant to
major general of volunteers, and cul
minated his career as a dashing cav
alry leader by the capture at the close
of the war of the Confederate Presi
dent, Jefferson Davis.
Brigadier-General William R. Shaf
ter, who will command the first expedi
tion which is sent to Cuba, and which
will be entirely composed of regulars,
will upon his return receive the rank
and command of major-general of vol
unteers. General Shafter has a dis
tinguished war record, and served on
the frontier for twenty-five years as
commander of his regiment.
Many applications have heen made to
the War Department by Governors of
States for permission to appoint a
number of junior line officers of the
regular army to higher commands in
the volunteers. There also have been
received from Governors a number of
indorsements for officers of the grades
of colonel and lieutenant-colonel in the
regular establishment for the rank of
general officers of the provisional
forces. Colonel Lawton will be selected
by the President to fill tho highest po
sition with the Indiana quota, and Ma
jor Garington will be appointed briga
dier-general and accredited to Smith
Carolina. The most prominent and cap
able officers of the present National
Guard will be called upon to fill some
of the higher commands.
The officers most generally recom
mended for general officers among the
militia are Generals Snowden and Go
bin of Pennsylvania, who have re
ceived the almost unanimous indorse
ment of their State, and General Roe
and Coloner Francis V. Greene of New
York, the latter as a West Point gradu
ate and the former regular, being very
prominently favored at the War De
partment.
Colonel Otis of California will prob
ably command the troops left on the
Pacific Coast, with the rank of brig
adier general of volunteers. Colonel
Garretson of Cleveland and General J.
Warren Keifer are slated for high posi
tions with Ohio's representation. The
latter is a warm personal friend of the
President, has a distinguished war rec
ord, and is mentioned among the possi
bilities for command of a division.
Webb Hayes, a son of former President
Hayes, was to-day appointed major of
Ohio vavalry. The lieutenant-colonelcy
of the regiment has been given to Cap
tain Day of the regular army.
Killed by a Train.
VAI/LEJO, April 29.— Mrs. Cooley, wife
of an employe of the sugar refinery, while
crossing the railroad track to-day, was
knocked clown and instantly killed by the
Oregon express. The engine threw hor a
distance of thirty feet, breaking her neck
and limbs.
The Charges Against Hanna.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— The charges
against Hon. M. A. Hanna in connection
with his election to the United States
Senate by the State Senate of Ohio have
been received by the Vice-President, and
will probably be laid before the Senate
on .Monday. It in presumed the documents
will be referred to the Committee on
Privileges and Elections.
SAFE ARRIVAL OF THE
TROOP SHIP PANTHER.
KEY WEST, April 29.— The chief in
cident of tht_- day was. the sale arrival
of the troop ship Panther with nearly
700 marines on board. The Fern arriv
ed from Tampa with ammunition for
the fleet, and the Annapolis returned
after a brief absence. Where she has
been is not known, except to the au
thorities and those aboard.
A statement is made by Lieutenant
McKinley, in charge of the harbor de
fenses, that Key West will be practic
ally closed to vessels between the
hours of 8 p. m. and 4 a. m., beginning
to-morrow night.
The Mascotte arrived here this after
noon, bringing Miss Clara Barton and
a corps of red cross workers. The
party did not come ashore, but were
taken down stream to the red cross
ship State of Texas, which has been
awaiting their arrival. The State of
Texas has on board about 1400 tons of
provisions, clothing and medicines.
She will await instructions from Wash
ington before proceeding to Cuba.
Bark Aureola Disabled.
SANTA CRUZ, April 29.-The large bark
Aureola, from a Southern port and laden
with lumber, drifted into the bay this
afternoon disabled and unable to make
San Francisco. A tug was telephoned
for and will come down from San Fran
cisco to tow the bark to that city.
TEST
YOUR
NERVE.
EVERY YOUNG OR MIDDLB-
aged man who fairly thinks him-
self to be in a neurotic condition
should make the true nerve test.
This is done by concentrating the mind
on a given object for an ordinary
length of time. If you find gloomy,
melancholy thoughts stealing over you
it is treatment you need and the k ( nd
of treatment that will restore you to
vigorous strength. Weakness comes
j upon men in a variety of ways. Most
frequently weakness comes on a .man
through his early errors. If these er-
rors are stopped in time and the young
man pays good attention to the laws
of health no bad effects result; but if
these vicious habits are continued and
other bad habits contracted the indi-
vidual comes to the point where he
must get medical aid or become an ex-
hausted, burnt-out old man. Prema-
ture decay is the sad condition of majiy
men to-day. Now you know the rea-
son or the cause; what will you do?
Your own sense suggests proper medi-
cal attention. Where to get it? From
a place where others have received like
! attention. Where is that place? Ans-
wer, the Hudson Medical Institute.
This Institute is celebrated for its Hud-
yan treatment. If you get the Hud-
yan treatment you get well. Hudyaa
cures Spermatorrhoea and Nervous De-
bility. Write for free circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
STOCKTON, ELLIS AND MARKET STS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
EEOMLEpi
new Western hotel,
I^EAKXY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
*»■ modeled and renovated. KING, WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms 000 to $1 50 day
$o to JS week, $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates in every
room; elevator runs all night.PROVIDES
COIN FOR
THE FRAY
Speedy Passage of the War
Revenue Bill by the
House.
In Offering an Entire New Measure
Including Committee Amend
ments, a Clever Parlia
mentary Victory Is Won.
Call Office Riggs House,
Washington, April 29.
The House to-day passed the war
revenue bill, with only the amend
ments agreed upon by the Republican
members of the Ways and Means Com
mittee added. In order to accomplish
this a parliamentery maneuver was
necessary, as the whole time f^r
amendments was oxhausted by the
minority in trying to amend the bond
feature of the bill. Dingley offe- ' as
a substitute an entirely new bill con
taining these amendments after the
bill had been reported to the House.
This was an old pariiamenta .. trick
frequently resorted to years ago. The
Morrill tariff law was passed in this
way in Its original form, after it had
been loaded down with amendments in
committee of the whole.
Many amendments were offered to
the bond feature of the bill, ranging
from a proposition for the substitution
of an income tax provision '.» an au
thorization for an issue of $150,000,000
of greenbacks. But all were voted
down. At the last moment the Demo
crata decided to offer a motion to re
commit, with Instructions to report
the income tax proposition as an
amendment to the bill, instead of as
a substitute for the bond proposition.
This was due to the fact that a num
ber of Democrats declined to vote to
strike out the bond proposition. The
motion was defeated— l 34 to 173. Four
Republicans voted with the Democrats
and Populists on this vote. But on the
final passage of the bill— which was
carried, ISI to 131— the Democrats and
Populists, with six exceptions, voted
solidly against the bill. The Democrats
who voted for the bill are Cummings,
McClellan and Griggs, of New York,
Fitzgerald of Massachusetts, MeAleer
of Pennsylvania and Wheeler of Ala
bama. Two Republicans— Linney of
North Carolina and Thorp ofVirglnia—
voted with the opposition. Quite a
number of Democrats declined to vote.
The House convened at 10 o'clock this
morning to allow two hours more general
debate on the revenue bill before the bill
was taken up at noon for amendment
urder the five-minute rule.
Bland (D.) of Missouri discussed the
bond feature of the bill to whioh. he said,
the Democrats could never agree. They
could not agree to the issue of any more
"coin" bonds, which would be construed
under a Republican administration to
mean nothing but gold. So long as the
mints were closed to tho coinage of one
half the money metal of the world, the
Democrats, only under circumstances of
extreme stress, could consent to the issue
of such bonds. He argued the advisa
bility of th<' immediate coinage of the
gi'.vf'r seigniorage.
Kewlanda (811. Rep.) of Nevada argued
that the war would be confined to th>
navies of Spain and the United States,
and that its duration would depend upon
how long Spain could maintain upon the
pea the guerrilla warfare she has \x -en
accustomed to wage upon land. He
thought the war should be vigorously
prosecuted, and apparent extravagance
now might prove economy in the end.
By the Terms of the bill two-thirds of the
- were to be laid upon consumption
and one-third upon the current transac
tions of business. Not a dollar was to be
raised from the accumulated wealth of
the country. This was unfair, he said.
Grosvenor <R.) of Ohio, said that at
such a crisis as this, there were, as
(Stephen A. Douglas said, but two classes
\ci the country— patriots and traitors. He
was willing to accept the suggestions
emanating from the Democratic side,
however wild or impracticable, in poo.i
!airh. He would not impugn or even BUB
i lack of patriotism. Grosvenor then
proceeded to criticize some of these sug
gestions. Speaking of the bond feature,
he declared that the bonds would be
taken by the people of the country not
enly as a profitable Investment, but as
nee to the world that this country
proposes to free Cuba In the face of Spain.
Austria or any other country that saw
The other speakers before noon were
Curtis i Hi of Kansas, Shafroth (811. Rep.)
rado and Brown <R.) of Ohio.
At noon the House went through the
formality of adjourning and reconvening.
under the order, the bill was taken
up for amendment under the five-minute
rule.
Under tho arrangement made, the hnnd
n« of the bill wero first to be open
lo amendment. McMillln (D.) of Tennes
see, offered, on behalf of the minority,
t'.-i amendment to strike out section 27.
the bond provision, and insert in lieu
thereof, the income tax amendment. It
1? identical with the income tax provision
of the Wilson tariff law, with tbe taxable
Income reduced from $4000 to $2000 per an
fium. and the per cent increased from 2
to .", per cent,
Walker <R.) of Massachusetts offered
as an amendment to the original section
a provision to change the terms of the
bonds so as to make them redeemable
one year, after the date of their Issue
and payable after three years and upon
me expiration of seven years, or due on
n certain day within three years, as the |
Secretary of the Treasury might elect.
Walker declared that his amendment !
v.-vii. gave the people from $2U.0<j0,000 to
| 000, Walker declared the bill should
■:. and that every Repub
lican should vote for the motion.
Korry (D.) of Kentucky called attention
remarkable coincidence that by this
bijl it wan proposed to issue J500.000.000. the
amnniit which Secretary Gaze had roc
ommend'-d for the purpose of redeeming
the greenbacks. There was no necessity
for such an enormous loan. The fortifi
cations of Matanzas had been reduced in
thirty minutes. Havana could be reduced
in two hours, and the war would be at an
end. Th* war should be pushed. The
reina should ho loosened. Havana would
fa.i before Sampson, the Plitllppit.'es be
fore Dewey and the Spanish fleet crowded
acrora tbe Atlantic before the onset of j
the flying squadron. Tho seriousness of
the situation was thoroughly exagger- i
att-d. "While our fleet was being held in
leash the population of Havana was
starving, find the end for which we aimed,
the relief of humanity. \ms being defeat
ed. In nine days. In his opinion, the war
would be over and the American flag
would be flying over Porto Rico and the
Philippines.
Walker's amendment was lost without
division. Many five-minute speeches on
the Income, tax amendment follow. -d
At 4 o'clock, under the rules, the bill
was reported to the House. As Chair
man Dingley had had an opportunity to
offer the amendments agreed upon by the
majority of the Ways and Means Com
mittee, he offered as a substitute a bill '
containing these amendments. There was
some question as to tho regularity of t hi- ;
proceeding, but tho Speaker hold that it
was in order. There were many protests ;
from the Democrats &gainsl this parlla
mentary move, and Bland insisted upon
the reading of the substitute in full.
Dingley briefly explained the committee
amendments, which were enumerated in
these dispatches last night, and "then de
manded the previous question. The sub
stitute was then adopted without divi
sion.
McMillin moved to recommit the bill,
with instructions to strike out the bond
provision and insert in lieu thereof the
income tax provision, but withdrew it
and allowed Bailey to modify the motion
to instruct the committee to add the in
come tax provision as an amendment to
th» bill, the bond feature being retained.
The motion was defeated— l3l, 173.
The motion to recommit was defeated—
134. 173.
The vote was then taken on the final
passage of the hill and it was passed— lSl,
131. With six t-xieptions the Demorrats
and Populists voted against the bill, and
two Republicans voted with the opposi
tion.
Boutelle <R.» of Mnlnp. chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs, presented
the conference report on the naval bill.
Cannon <R. \ of Illinois made the point of
order that the conferees had exceeded
their jurisdiction in that they added over
$500,000 above the difference between the
two houses and had also added provisions
whl< h were not in conference. With the
point of order pending he moved an ad
journment, which was carried.
SANTA CRUZ CHRISTIANS.
County Union to Meet in Convention
at Ben Lomond.
SANTA CRUZ, April 2!>.— The County
T'nion of Christians is to hold its semi
annual convention in the Presbyterian
church at Ben Lomond on Friday and
Saturday of next week. The T'nion in
cludes the societies of Santa Cruz. Wat
sonville. Green Valley. Ben Lomond. Cor
ralitos. Aptop. Soquel. Bonny Doon, Glen
wood, Skyland. Felton and Boulder < 'reek.
i lie programme is a specially good one.
Among those who are to take part are
Rev. E. H. Hayden of the Baptist church
of Santa Cruz; Rev. Thomas Filben,
Metho.ljpt church of Santa Cruz; Rev. A.
B. Snider, Congregational, of Boquel;
Rev. K. L. Rich. Presbyterian, of Watson
viHe;Miss Annie Sullivan of Ben Lomond.
Mrs. F. Porter of Boulder Creek. Dr.
Ryall of Skyland and Charles Murphy of
Green Valley.
INSURES GOOD CROPS.
Farmers Along Woodbridge Canal
Supplied With Water.
STOCKTON, April 2?. — Farmers along
Woodbridge canal are now happy, for the
canal Is running full of water, and thetr
thirsty lands are absorbing it. It comes in
time, too, to insure first class crops. The
water is running to the end of the main
ditch.
The dam Is still in the hands of the re
ceiver, but ranchers have an arrange
ment with him whereby the 1 "- can hold
their property under a sort of lease. The
money for the repairs ($. r .oooi was put up
by men who own about 170) acres of land,
and they get first call on the water. They
pet their money back in water at the rate
of $3 an acre. There are still about 3000
acres along the ditch which can be prof
itably Irrigated, and at a small charge
for water they can be made to pay the
cost of repairs.
Russians Friendly to Spain.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Anril 29.— The
British steamer Wa.nsbeck, Captain
Jones, from Cadiz, arrived to-day. Cap
tain Jones reports that when he left
Cadiz, fourteen days ago, active prep
arations were being made by the Span
iards for war. The dockyards were
crowded with artisans, cruisers and
torpedo boats were under repair and
regiments were assembling at the gar
rison. A Russian warship was aico
there, and it was evident that a very
friendly feeling existed between her
crew and those of the Spanish ships.
Captain Jones saw nothing of any war
ships on his voyage.
Presidential Nominations.
WASHINGTON. April 29.— The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to the
Senate: Samuel R. Gummoc of New Jer
sey to be Consul General at Tangier,
Morocco; Luther T. Ellsworth. Ohio, to
be Consul at Puerto Cabello, Venezuela.
A list of cadets, graduates from the Mili
tary Academy, were appointed In the
army as second lieutenants.
To be postmasters: California— Austin
Young. Randsburg: Shelley Inch, Plaeer
v!!le; John T. Llndley, Ontario: Charles
G. Chamberlain. Pacific Grove: George A.
Oakes, Haywards. Washington— B. C.
Keller, Port Angeles; James Ewart, Col
fax.
Buying Corn in Nebraska.
STOCKTON, April 29.— The effects of
the drought are being felt here, hay be
ing shipped here from as far East as
Missouri. Captain J. W. Smith received
from Nebraska this morning 100 tons of
yellow corn. It is shelled and In bulk,
which necessitates being sacked here. As
feed for horses and cattle is becoming
very scarce, it will soon be necessary to
provide some substitute for hay, oats and
barley. Corn is worth $1 25 a sack
Cherries Shipped East.
SACRAMENTO, April 29.— Cherry ship
ments are going forward to Eastern mar
kets much earlier than heretofore. Ship
ments have been made during the past
two weeks, realizing • good prices. The
socond carload v»is sent from Vacaville
to Chicago to-night, containing 2278 boxes,
U.aded by the Earl Fruit Company and
Mourning at Auburn.
AUBURN, April 29. -One of the largest
funerals in Auburn's history was that of
Deputy Recorder Henry Hart, a member
of tho Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows
Knights of Pythias and Foresters. He
had been Deputy Recorder for twelve
years.
Killed at Horseshoe' Bar.
AUBURN. April 29.-Thomas Hobson.
son of John B. Hobson. superintendent of
the Cariboo min.s, was kii.ed to-day by a
hydraulic monitor at the Bluff. "
Turpie Succeeds Gorman.
WASHINGTON. April »._Af th« cau
cus of Democratic Senators this after
noon Senator Gorman resigned as (hair
man and was succeeded by Senator Tur
pie.
Nun Nicer Wins a Stake.
LONDON. April ».- Nun Xwer. Sir .1
Blundeil Maple's chestnut RUy won the
1000 guineas stakes at Newmarket to-day.
"Women of the Red Cross and
What They are Doing in the War,"
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SA:N t FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
NATIVE SONS
NAME OFFICERS
Conley of Madera Is
Elected Grand Pres
ident.
Harmony Prevails After a
Spirited Contest in the
Grand Lodge.
Visiting Delegates Tendered a Ban
quet by the People of
Nevada City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 29.— This was
the closing day of the session of the
Grand Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West. Opposing candidates for
office met on the floor, fought out the
battles that have been planned during
the past four days, and to-night the
vanquished made merry at the expense
of the victors. Never in the history of
the order has there been such a spir
ited contest for places on the board of
grand trustees. With few exceptions
there has never been so speedy a settle
ment of rival claims when the matter
was finally put to a vote.
Up to within twenty-four hours of
the time for making; nominations there
were no less than fifteen candidates In
| the field, in spite of the fact that there
were but six seats in the board to be
\ filled. Seven trustees were to be
elected, but precedent made it neces
| sary to give one of the places to the
; local parlor. The number of candi
dates was reduced somewhat by the
withdrawal of Henry Lichenstein of
Alcatras Parlor No. 149, Joseph E.
O'Donnell of Yerba Buena Parlor No.
84 and Frank Sablchi, a member of the
outgoing board.
Sabichi's withdrawal was a genuine
surprise, as his election was conceded,
even by his opponents. His action In
retiring at the last moment was due
to the fact that he believed that his
election, which was opposed by a por
tion of the southern delegation, would
not assist in promoting the best inter
ests of the order. O'Donnell's with
drawal was als<r an unlooked-for event,
which was brought about by an unsuc
cessful attempt to consolidate the vot
ing strength of the San Francisco dele
gation in the interest of Charles R.
Heverin of San Francisco Parlor No.
49 and Lewis F. Byington. a member
of the retiring board, as against Jos
eph K. Hawkins of Pacific Parlor No.
10 and O'Donnell. Although the at
tempt at amalgamation proved futile,
O'Donnell decided to withdraw from
the contest rather than be placed in
the position of being a disturbing fac
tOT.
For the more important offices there
was no contest, the election resulting
in the selection of the followlnar-named
grand officers, to serve durinpr the en
suing year:
Grand president. William N. Conley of
Madera.
Grand first vice-president, Frank Mat
tison of Santa Cruz.
Grand second vice-president. R. C. Rust
of Amador.
Grand orator, Frank L. Coombs of
Napa.
Grand treasurer, Henry S. Martin of
San Francisco.
Grand secretary. Henry Lunstedt of
San Francisco.
Grand inside sentinel, John J. McMahon
of Santa Cruz.
Grand outside sentinel, A. W. Fiedler of
Llvermore.
Grand marshal, W. A. Gaston of San
Jose.
The first ballot taken on the names
of candidates for grand trustee re
sulted in the election of H. R. McNoble
of Stockton, F. A. Cutler of Humboldt,
Lewis F. Byington of San Francisco.
Joseph K. Hawkins of San Francisco
and E. A. W. North of Winters.
On the second ballot A. Ramish of
Los Angeles was elected.
David Morgan of Nevada City was
elected by acclamation. Morgan is at
the head of the order in this city and
he has for years been a prominent fig
ure in the affairs of the order through
out the State. The success attending
the entertainment portion of the pres
ent session of the Grand Parlor Is
largely due to his individual efforts.
To-morrow Nevada City will see the
last of the Native Sons who have been
her guests during the week. A ma
jority of the visitors will leave for
their homes on the early morning
trains, carrying with them a host of
happy memories of the days spent in
and about the mining metropolis of
California.
T<>-nisht visiting delegates were ten
dered a banquet at Armory Hall. The
occasion was made the opportunity for
the presentation to Junior Past Grand
President Clark of a handsome jew
eled badge emblematic of his honorable
position on the rolls of the Native Sons
of California. As ia the usual custom,
the toastmaster held sway during the
latter part of the repast. Cheers were
given for the nation and her heroes on
land and sea and toasts drunk
to the health and long life of the Na
tive Sons and Native Daughters who
have contributed to make the visit to
Nevada City a pleasant one.
ENGLAND'S COAST DEFENSES.
It can no longer be said that Great
Britain is unprotected. The coast de
fenses were never more complete or ef
ficient. Right round our shore stretch
I these many defenses, not isolated ani
therefore of little account, but forming a
linked protection, with the telegraph or
telephone at hand to respond at navai
! headquarters in London to the slightest
i warning, and from Whitehall there
i branch off private wires to the great
arsenals of Portsmouth, Devonport. Chat
ham and Sheerness.
A few words from any point on the
coast, be it an isolated coastguard sta
tion or a lonely guardship, may in an
hour or two have led to orders of na
tional import being Hashed over sleeping
towns and villages to the naval com
manders in chief at the coast, and be
fore the outside world knows of impend
ing danger all the machinery of defense
will be in readiness for any emergency.
That this is no exaggeration those may
I judge who remember the hasty commis
'j sloning of the particular service squadron
in January. lS9fi. when the German Em
peror's ill-judged telegram to President
Kruger set England ablaze with anger.
Before even the Times announced the
decision of the Government to form this
new squadron, "to do anything and go
anywhere," as Mr. Goschen explained, the
telegraph instruments at Whitehall had
been vigorously ticking, and unknown to
I the public the admirals at Chatham,
i Portsmouth and Devonport had had their
• orders. By the time the world was
; awake the preparations for commission
ing the ships had commenced, and in a
i few days a squadron of powerful modern
] vessels was fitted out and ready for any
task. When the necessity arises no less
promptly will the machinery of defense
be again put to the test, possibly on a
more extensive scale.— Chambers' Jour
i nal.
The brass drum is one of the instru
ments of hands attending regiments of
the Servian army. It is fixed on a two
wheeled cart, which is drawn by a
large trained dog. The drummer walks
behind the cart.
DEFRAUDED HIS
WARD'S ESTATE
San Jose Court Orders a
Guardian to Make
Restitution.
Must Repay Money Misappro
priated During His Ad
ministration.
Decision Rendered Against Abram
King, a Capitalist of the
Garden City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 29.— Abram King,
who for nearly twenty years was guar
dian of the person and estate of Steph
en Hobson, an incompetent, will have
to reimburse the estate to the amount
of $13,242 66 for moneys misappropri
ated during his administration. This
was the decision rendered by Judge
Hyland to-day. The court said it was
shown by the testimony that King had
imprudently invested his ward's
money, had made overcharges, grossly
neglected matters and failed to account
for moneys received. He allowed King
i $2800 for commissions as guardian, and
! this will be deducted from the 513,242 66
i shortage.
King was appointed Hobson's puar
j dian in 1877, and a year or two later
j began his gross mismanagement of the
' estate. The estate of his insane ward
was worth about $40,000, and consisted
of a building and lot at the corner of
! Santa Clara and Lighston streets in
'■ this city and some cash. He overcharg
!ed the estate on every occasion. On
' bills that he paid he would afterward
raise the amount, and for a number
of years he failed to turn in the full
amount of rent received from the
I building belonging to the estate.
Hobson died about two years ago.
i His daughter, Mrs. Louise J. Kruse, ob
tained letters of administration. An
investigation showed the estate had
1 been systematically robbed of about
$16,000. A demand was made on King
; for this amount, but he refused to set
! tie. Suit was then brought. An ap
| peal will bp taken from the decision
j rendered to-day.
King is a prominent capitalist of this
I city and is worth over $500,000.
THE FUTURE CZAR OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
The Lord Mayors of Birmingham,
Dublin and Belfast are serfs compared
with the Mayor of San Francisco, who
under the new charter will enjoy more
personal power than Emperor William
in Berlin. The English Lordships are
mere creatures of the Government.
They have no special authority to in
fluence legislation. They cannot veto
a single ordinance nor hinder the ex
penditure of a single cent. They can
not appoint a public officer, dispute a
contract, or stop the payment of the
smallest claim upon the treasury. They
enjoy no patronage and their office anil
functions have, therefore, no political
significance. Their personal power and
responsibility are merged in the corpor
ate power of Die rnvernment. They
represent (Si public interests and act
under the mantle of popular support.
Their personal influence depends on
brains and patriotism and their reward
is the approval of the citizens.
Under the new charter the Mayor of
Pan Francisco will be a veritable Czar.
He is authorized to initiate new policies
and to veto legislation, to cut down ap
propriations, to refuse the ratification
of contracts, to reject items of account,
and besides his legislative functions he
will have discretionary power to ap
point and remove the officials who con
stitute the real governmen . Moreover
he is authorized to suspend the very
elected of the people. He appoints and
will control the election officers and is
practically responsible for an honest
counting of the votes. He and his min
isters will have charge of all the city
property, parks, schools and public
buildings. They will control 83 per cent
of the entire expenditures of the city
government. Of this two millions and
a half will have the form of patronage
■with a certain future increase, especial
ly In the Department of Public Works.
He is also given power to influence ap
pointments in the lower ranks.
The Commissioners of Civil Service
are servants either for good or evil. No
one supposes that the New York com
mission appointed by Mayor Van Wyck
will pass Republican candidates for
Tammany and Croker, and the rules
have been ignored in many other cities,
of which Philadelphia is a marked ex
ample. This distribution of power con
trasts unfavorably with that of Eng
lish cities. The financial reports of
San Francisco and Birmingham for last
year will show the difference. In San
Francisco the total expenditures of the
city government exceeded six millions.
In Birmingham, with a population a
fourth greater it was $3,600,000. In this
is included the salaries of a stipendiary
Police Judge and the officials of his
court. The cost of the police, the pub
lic, technical and industrial schools,
eight public parks, five public gardens
and recreation grounds, five public
baths and wash houses, three public
markets with food inspectors, a com
plete staff of health officers and munici
pal officials, a fire brigade of moderate
dimensions, a public museum and a
school of art and twelve public free
libraries. In San Francisco the salar
ies amounted to three millions, in Bir
mingham to $300,000. In San Francisco,
after the payment of salaries and ne
cessary current expenses, there is noth
ing left for permanent improvements.
In Birmingham 40 per cent of the pub
lic expenditure is devoted to permanent
improvements, such as widening and
paving streets, erecting public build
ings, improving lighting, sewerage, etc.
The municipal government of Birming
ham is acknowledged to be one of the
best in the world, due mainly to its
form. That of San Francisco is proba
bly the worst. Will it be wise to elect
a Czar or better to elect a Birmingham
Lord Mayor?
J. H. STAL^ARD. M.8., Lond.
PEOPLE FED ON SAWDUST.
Some time ago, says the Family Doctor,
at the depot of Havre, the Government
seized a consignment of 10,000 pounds of
finely ground sawdust. The seizure was
the result of numerous complaints made
by bread consumers In the department in
which Havre is situated. Investigation
brought out the fact that for more than
two years bakers' flour had been sys
tematically adulterated by the addition of
a free sawdust. The culprit was arrested.
At his examination it was learned that,
in one department alone, he had disposed
of ovf-r 500 wagon loads, and that in vari
ous other departments his sales had ag
gregated over 5000. The sawdust was pur
chased in Paris, and shipped to the vari
ous points where the culprit had sold it.
His customers were mostly millers, who
supplied the adulterated flour to the
bakers. The investigations and resulting
prosecutions will involve a large number
of millers and bakers.
The fac-simile y,rtf srir* . _{>"* «on every wrapper
signature of C&t//z7&£&& of CASTOBIA.
SACRIFICES LIFE
TO CONSCIENCE
Woodland Citizen Kills
Himself After His
Son's Death.
They Had Quarreled and He
Believed He Hastened the
Young Man's End.
Takes a Dose of Poison and Soon
Follows His Boy to the
Bsyond.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, April 29.— A pretty lit
tle cottage in Bremer Park is the seat
of more woe and desolation than
usually falls to the lot of one family
in a single day. Within its portals a
father and son lie dead, one by the dis
pensation of Providence, the other by
his own hand. James Gilmore Stewart,
20 years of age, after an illness of a
little more than a week, died yester
day. His death was a great shock to
all the members of the family, but the
father, William J. Stewart, more than
all others, took It to heart. He blamed
himself for the fatal illness of his son,
and the feeling of remorse no doubt in
fluenced him to take his own life.
For many years the father had been
addicted to strong drink, and in conse
quence contributed but little toward the
support of the family. The burden of
support has been chiefly borne by the
son. A few days before he was stricken
by his fatal illness he and his father
had a quarrel on account of the failure
of the father to provide for his family.
While the son was delirious the father
made frequent references to the quarrel
and spemed greatly worried on account
of it. Ho even went so far as to say
that he ought to kill himself, as his
son's illness was no doubt due to the
trouble between them.
An hour after the death of the son
the father came to Woodland. There
was nothing about his manner to indi
cate that he contemplated self-destruc
tion. He did not return home until 9
o'clock in the evening. He was in a
maudlin condition, but as that wan
nothing for him his wife put him to
bed, thinking that sleep would sober
him.
At 6 o'clock this morning the family
was aroused by a sound of labored
breathing, which came from the room
in which the elder Stewart slept. Mrs.
Stewart went to the bedside and found
her husband unconscious.
Dr. Kier was summoned. Upon his ;
arrival an examination disclosed the I
fact that the man had been slowly dy- j
ing for hours from the effect of opiate !
poisoning.
The usual remedies t. ere applied, but
without effect. The o;.i man never re
gained consciousness. He breathed his \
last at 9:30 o'clock this morning.
It has since been learned that while
Stewart was in this city he purchased
a bottle of whisky at one place and a
quantity of laudanum at another. As
he took neither home with him the pre
sumption is that he drank both. Cor
oner Bean will hold an inquest Satur
day morning.
COLONEL JOHN HAY'S POEMS.
The world knows Colonel John Hay
best by his "Pike County Ballads."
Few things, indeed, are more remark
able in the history of our modern lit
erature than the way in which this
handful of poems took the English
speaking world by storm. They came,
they saw, they overcame — after the
manner of all true poetry which
touches the most human side of men
and women. The London Spectator
goes on to say: The poem called
"Banty Tim" is in our opinion the
most heroic of Colonel Hay's ballads.
The lines describe how Sergeant Til
man Joy, a Northern veteran, explain
ed to the white man.'s committee of
Spunky Point, 111., that he was not go
ing to have his negro friend, Tim,
driven out of the village:
Why, blame your hearts. Jest hear me!
You know that ungodly day
When our left struck Vicksburg Heights, how
ripped
And torn and tattered we lay.
When the rest retreated I stayed behind.
For reasons sufficient to me—
With a rib caved In, and a leg on a strike,
I sprawled on that cursed glacee.
Lord! how the hot sun went for us.
And'br'iled and blistered and burned!
How the rebel bullets whizzed round us
When a cum in his death grip turned!
Till along toward dusk I seen a thing
I couldn't believe for a spell;
That nigger— that Tim— was a crawlln' to me
Through that fireproof, gilt-edged hell!
The rebels seen him as quick as me.
And the bullets buzzed like bees;
But he lumped for. me. and shouldered me,
• Though a shot brought him once to his knees;
But he staggered up. and packed me oft,
With a dozen stumbles and falls.
Till safe in our lines he dropped us both.
His black hide riddled with balls.
So. my gentle gazelles, thar's my answer,
And here stays Banty Tim:
He trumped Heath's oco fnr mo that day
And I'm not going back on him!
You may rezoloot till the cows come home
But pf "no of you tetches the boy.
He'll wrestle his hash to-nlglit In hell.
Or my name's not Tilman Joy!
This is a poem which goes straight
to the heart with the sacrod comrade
ship of the battlefield. The phrase,
"You may rezoloot (resolute, I. c., pass
resolutions till the cows come home,*'
is alone enough to make the poem a
memorable one. It puts in a sentence
that Anglo-Saxon scorn for the oppres
sion of the lawless mob, or the lawless
majority which is so sound a barrier
against the excesses of a too trium
phant democracy. It is the plain man's
very unmistakable way of saying.
"The people may be my governor, but
not my tyrant."
VOICE OF THE NATION.
It is not for revenge, but humanity.—
Philadelphia Press.
He who is not for his country now is
against it.— Boston Journal.
It will be young American blood that
will givp Spain the coup de grace.—Port
land Argus.
We an 1 all for the flag, all for the coun
try, all for the President now. — Baltimore
American.
We enter this war with our quarrel just
and we have a power murh greater than
that of our adversary. — Nashville Ameri-
can.
There can be no doubt of the ultimate
results— America will add to her power
and prestige, and Spain will quit t-he New
World forever!— Houston Post.
Liberty's hand is once more raised to
smite a tyrant. The blow will fall, even
though in crushing th--> oppressor the
hand" itself must bleed.— Troy Times.
It is our duty as citizens to move as
one man, without regard to religious.
political or social differences. The choice
offered is that between the flag of our
own country and the flag of Spain.— New
Haven Register.
The average duration of human life
in European countries Is greatest in
Sweden and Norw y and lowest in
Italy and Austria.
Lord Roherts declares that the shoot
ing: standard attained by the Indian
troops is unequaled by any troops in
the world.
SPANIARDS
SEEN NEAR
THE WORKS
Their Blankets Found at
the Scene of the Santa
Cruz Disaster.
William Peyton, Inventor of Ex
plosives, Certain that Spies
Destroyed the Powder
Factory,
SANTA CRUZ, April 29.— There Is
no escape from the theory that the ex
plosion at the California Powder Works
here was caused by an act of treach
ery. That is the calm judgment of
William Peyton, one of the inventors
of modern artillery powder. While he
is not writing or talking on the sub
ject, his views are clear and pointed.
He believes there was treachery back
of the disaster.
Mrs. Martha Wilson, who lives on
Beach liill, contributes a little testi
mony as to the identity of the three
dead men whose remains are not
known here. She says she saw two
Spaniards with blankets the day of the
explosion. They were going toward
the powder works. The blankets have
been found and Coroner Clark expects
to have them before the inquest on
Monday.
A man named Kenny, who works at the
mill, saw a stranger peeping through a
knothole in a board fence near the
works about the time of the explosion.
That might account for the third body.
Government agents are quietly work
ing on the case and nobody is allowed
on the grounds. There is no excite
ment here over the explosion, because
people know nothing about the mys
tery of making modern prismatic and
military powder. The public dismisses
the question with the simple verdict
that the disaster was accidental, but
suspicions become more and more
grave in the minds of those who know
the details of the explosion.
Colonel Bernard Peyton, in an inter
view with The Call correspondent,
said:
"There is absolutely no way to solve
the mystery. It is almost a certainty
that the explosion began in the room
where wet guncotton was dried, and it
is equally certain that all experience
has shown that wet guncotton is harm
less. It will burn quietly without do
ing danger, and it cannot be exploded
by a blow from a hammer or by a rifle
or pistol shot, so the entire matter is
a mystery; but I do not believe it was
done by spies."
Colonel Peyton made the following
significant admission concerning the
explosion:
•'I think we have plainly proved that
the explosion began in the guncotton.
drying room; also that no human being
was there at the time. I admit that
spontaneous explosion in this place
seems absolutely impossible, and that
a man skilled in chemistry and explo
sives might have set a fuse with a de
tonating cap in such a way as to cause
the disaster. I disagree with my son
and others, however, who hold some
such theory."
Colonel Peyton says that about a
hundred new men were working on the
grounds at the time Of the explosion.
Some of them, he says, were probably
killed and unidentified. There is a ru
mor that some of the new men were
very careless and that one of them re
cently frightened old hands by upset
ting two cans of nitro-glycerine from a
wheelbarrow, a terrible explosion being
averted only by the fact that the cans
struck soft earth. The accident theory
might find confirmation in such facts
as these — green men handling danger
ous explosives in a careless way.
In view of recent developments a let
ter which Lieutenant-Governor Jeter
sent to Governor Budd at 8
o'clock Sunday night becomes very
important. Adjutant-General Bar
rett telephoned to Lieutenant-
Governor Jeter on Saturday that
the Governor desired him to call on
Superintendent Peyton and ask
whether Colonel Peyton believed the
powder mills needed protection. Mr.
Jeter called and Colonel Peyton ad
mitted that the interests involved were
very important. Lieutenant-Governor
Jeter's letter was as follows:
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., April 23. 1898.
My Dear Governor: At your request,
through General Barrett. I went tn the
California Powder Works this morning
and talking with Colonel Peyton, the
superintendent, as to th.c advisability of
having military protection for the plant.
The superintendent says that he does not
apprehend any trouble, but whilst the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I CURED OF VARICOCELE. I
;»?./, — . , ' «
» Another of the Remarkable Victories of Dr. Sanden's |
£ * Electric Belt. | :
n • LITTLE SHASTA. Cal., S-
B DR. SANDBN-As I have been ad- **
" /£; A %^BnraL vising my friends to try your famous «
** Mo£*J&y J3EHHA Belt - I Wish t0 tell >'ou my expert- £
8 /^^iiil^^jHKfflirai ence ' Tt has cured me of a bad rasa Q
» J&J^sM&o> ~^K^M Ot arlcoce!e . as well as very weak «
X jf^^&Bm^* Vltal system - I was badly run down. CC
S /r *GmWe&2~ "j*^^£ and had a lar & swelling on the left 2
" /?^—^JilJ 'Bi^^^- s rß^ Elde " My str<in '? th was gradually «
'•& It \Sjf jrT^ m s£hf%/j> leaving me, and I felt that I would £
J3 in. £§3 \ A nxf&fyv die 1£ I didn't get help. I was ad- tt-
C W^^/ A'V^T^ %Z vised to try your Belt, and got one. £*
Zl NQggjy l*'sy* :^*Mk\ Isr II he lP ed me at once, and In thirty A
" - //( W -^' days I was greatly improved. Mv Cj ;
O --f-'^N \yy"\ '■ Wl^? friends remarked 'at my increase in «'
3 V^^^§.&W v'A -s^ : weight. In two months the Varlco- «■
ri $£S&§&^'W -^ss*«^V^ =" ' cele was all cone, and I was a3 «
W <2<^^^S3%!g!^^^S«Wk-^' strong as ever. I have been all right i;
0 *>£~^'A /,^SfflyTTf^ii Ir\~ since. It also cured my brother of "
V* \^~&l~£S>S>i ! 2r*££r^~ g^ . ■ sciatic rheumatism. Tours truly. «
» ; ■•^ ■•'•■ ■ '. C. 11. ULASER. .«':
« Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. *
ft ' ■•■-■■■'• aa ?- sffillJ5 ffillJi lßtl Bti 11 - 1 WB3CiMWPmi ' ' Ct
It has thousands of other cures. They are reported daily. It cures -«
« all weakness in men, such as vital waste, loss of power, weak back « ;
,O rheumatism, kidney trouble, etc. . Read the book, "Three Classes of 5;
j£ Men," free upon application. .v Bj
g SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., >— LL — — — a
>c 632 Market Street, San Francisco. -™,? 5000 REWARD : O :
„ NOTE-Make ; no mistake In the number- A" 111 be paid for ore of 0J
« 632 MARKET STREET. . these: Belts which falls UJ
£ , OfAcQ hours. Ba. , m." to Bp. m. : Sundays, 10 to generate a current of R
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204% nu , . , . Ent or ■ «J
tt South Broadway; Portland. Or., 253 Washington Electricity. ? « ;
>*t street: Denver, Colo., .931 Sixteenth street; <* — —i , __^ Of
Dallas. Tex., 255 Main. ttreet. ; \- > ; ''C(
company has watchmen at all points,
still designing persons might stealthily
gain access to some portion of the works
and cause damage. In view of the fact
that this and the Dupont plant in Dela
ware are the only plants upon which the
Government can depend for powder at
the present critical time, there ia alto
gether ton much at stake to take any
risk, and it would certainly be a wise and
prudent thins to do to take every pre
caution to prevent accident to this"plant.
Lieutenant Babbitt, ordnance officer
from Benicia. was at the plant at noon,
to-day to look after a shipment of 100,000
pounds of powder, which leaves to-night
to be landed In Chicago within ninety-six
hours. He has been here frequently and
is thoroughly familiar with the topog
raphy of the location and the general de
tails of the plant. I talked with him about
the matter and requested him to call
upon you or General Barrett at the Cali
fornia upon his return to the city Mon
day. I understand that he has already
urged the matter of protection before the
federal authorities.
In conclusion I have to say that it is
my candid opinion that st«ps toward the
military policing of this Important prop.
erty should be taken without delay.
Yours sincerely,
AVTT.LIAM T. JETER.
The identity of the Spanish woman
who wrote a letter from here to Sa
gasta regarding the place to land Span
ish troops has not been revealed. No
one here has any idea who the woman
is. It is certain she is not a resident
of Santa Cruz.
A SANITARY MEASURE.
Walls Must Be Cleaned Betore Being
Repapered or Repainted.
At a meeting of the Health and Polica
Committee of the Board of Supervisors
yesterday it was decided to report in
favor of granting permission to the Cali
fornia Athletic and Swimming Club to
give exhibitions of boxing, wrestling etc
at its rooms at 1006 Golden (late avenue.
Favorable action was tak.-n on the peti
tion of the Building Trades <"ouncil ask
ing that an ordinance be passed making
it a misdemeanor to paper, tint, or kalso
mine any room, hall or closet without
first removing the old paper, tint or kal
somine, the order not to appiy to old
work done within a year.
A DOG'S SENSE.
A young girl was crossing the publio
garden the other morniner upon the
main path which crossed the bridge.
She was accompanied by a magnificent
mastiff, who strode along beside her in
the most companionable sort of way,
looking up into her face occasionally
as if to remark casually that it was a
very fine morning or to ask if there was
anything he could do for her.
The two crossed the bridge together,
and finally came to the < 'harles street
gate. Here the young girl, not wishing
to have the care of the dog in the busy
streets, turned to him and said:
"There, that is far enough now,
Marso. You need not go with me any
farther, but turn about and go back
home."
She did not take her hands out of her
muff to point the way, and she spoke
as she would to a small brother, in a
pleasant, 'conversational voice.
Marco looked at her with his largo
eyes, then looked across the common,
wagging his tail slowly as though he
were thinking how very pleasant it
would be to go the rest of the way.
Finally he turned back to her again
and with a movement of his head and
eyes asked as plainly as though the
words had come from his mouth:
"Please let me go a little farther, it is
such a fine morning."
"No, dear; I'm going shopping, you
know," answered the girl, explaining
the difficulty as if Marco were human.
"There'll be crowds or people and I
shall not know what to do with you.
But go along now, there's a good fel
low, and I'll be back soon."
Without another word Marco turned
and walked back across the gardens.
He did not slink away, as some dogs
do when sent back, but marched lies
urely alonp with his head in the air,
stopped a moment on the bridge to
watch the children skating below, then
trotted on toward Commonwealth
avenue. The Athenian watched him
until he had disappeared beyond the
gates, then resumed his own way, won
dering whether Darwin loved dogs or
not. — Boston Record.
56
SATURDAY APRIL 30, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to^W^^l^KE,J^anager^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month I
65 cents. ■
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND 0FF1CE..... 908 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, .World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riggs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent. .
CHICAGO OFFICE '. Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 287 Hayes street, open until !
9:30 - o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 I
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. i
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2516 :
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh i
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Purser "
Columbia— -The Nancy Hanks."
California-" Trilby."
Aloazar— "The <»ay Parisians"
Morosco'B — "The Wlcklow Postman."
Tlvoli— "Sinbad the bailor."
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
Sherman. Clay Hall— Paloma Schramm, matinee to-day.
The Chutes -Z->n, Vaudeville, and "African Lion Huut."
Olympla— Corner Jicnon and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Sutro Baths — Swimming.
El Campo— Music, dancing boatlnsr, fishing, every Sunday,
Pacific Coast Jockey duo, Ingleside— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark— This day, April 80, Turkish Rugs, at 106
Grant avenue at .' o'clock.
By Frmak W. Butterfleld-This day, April 80. Furniture at
sw i ctavla Btraet, at 11 o'clock.
POWDER-MILL EXPLOSIONS.
\OPULAR suspicion that the explosion of the
Ly powder mill at Santa Cruz was due to Spanish
treacher}- will be increased by the news oi the
explosion of the powder mills at Dover, N. J. It
is certainly a singular coincidence that two such im
portant works should have been blown up in such swift
succession within so short a period since the declara
tion of war against Spain.
At Santa Cruz and at Dover the powder mills were
running at full speed for the manufacture of ammuni
tion for the Government. The need of smokeless
powder is urgent, and the mills therefore are of the
highest importance to the nation at this emergency.
The increased activity at the works of course in
creased the chances of explosions, but this was fore
seen and increased care was exercised. That both of
them should have been destroyed under such circum
stances is therefore a coincidence which recalls the
destruction of the Maine and inevitably awakens sus
picion of foul play.
In the United States there is so large a liberty of
action granted to individuals and the population is
made up of persons of so many nationalities that it
is comparatively easy for unscrupulous persons to
inflict great damage upon the country and escape
detection. Men of all races come and go freely in our
cities and throughout the country. We cannot read
ily perceive the difference between the loyal and
patriotic American of Spanish or Mexican descent
and the sneaking spy or treacherous dynamiter who
may cunningly slip into the country to work some
devilish scheme against the Government.
The two explosions may have been the result of
accident, but they should serve to put the Govern
ment and the people on guard against possible
treachery hereafter. In each case the official inves
tigation into the causes of the disaster should be
made with the closest scrutiny. Accidents in pow
der mills are of course difficult of avoidance, but un
der the present circumstances we ought not to be too
easily persuaded that the explosion of these two mills
in such swift succession was merely a coincidence of
accidents.
Since the yellow press has taken to sending out
commissioners instead of correspondents, a difference
between the two has become apparent. A correspon
dent tries to get news, and exerts himself to put it on
the wire. A commissioner is too high-toned to be
hampered by mere facts. He interviews Princes and
potentates without having seen them, he tells of the
policy of nations, detailing as confidentially revealed
to himself plans never formed nor contemplated.
He directs the movements of navies and armies,
knocks a throne over by a stroke of the pencil, erects
it with an eraser. He cables over the inmost thought
of the Vatican, describes engagements that never oc
cur, or that, occurring, he never saw. He boasts of
bravery which is bogus, of achievements never at
tained. In short he is an all-round liar, faker, fraud,
a mischief-maker and a nuisance.
Germany desires to retain freedom of action during
the present trouble, and if the Kaiser can refrain from
indulging in one of his justly celebrated tantrums per
haps there will be no objection. But if in his capacity
of war lord he tries war-lording over a scrimmage
which is no concern of his, the hesitancy about calling
him to his senses, so far as possible, will be notable
for its entire absence.
It appears that the Board of Education has stolen
enough lumber from each school to build a house.
Perhaps the honorable body can plead that it would
have been a small house, anyhow, but it is not easy
to see how circumstances will permit the presentation
of any better excuse, and this would be regarded by
the public as faulty.
It is not pleasant to read that the Panther, a ship
loaded with marines and apprentices, is a leaky tub
with a downward tendency manifest every time the
wind rises. It would seem to the lay mind that the
marines will be exposed soon enough to unavoidable
perils. !
A question has arisen as to whether Widber did
not bury some of the money he stole. Probably he
did not, or the present circumstances would have a
tendency to make him dig it up. Widber had money
to burn, not to bury.
The morning paper which stole a copyrighted pic
ture from Truth ought -to have done that publication
the honor to have produced a reasonably fair copy
of the booty. People do not care to see a sky-blue
cruiser sailing right into a geyser of catsup.
School Director Gallagher appears not to like the
Grand Jury, and there is painful evidence that the
•motion to which he gives voice is mutual.
WAS BRIBERY USED ?
PATRIOTISM, that love of country which
moves men to the highest personal sacrifice, is
sometimes simulated by pretenders who use it
to conceal sinister and covert motives and purposes
of individual profit. It was knowledge of this pre
tended sentiment that moved Dr. Johnson to define
patriotism as "the last refuge of a scoundrel." Cer
tain yellow journals in this country have been scream
ing for a year to bring about recognition of the so
called government of a faction of the insurgents in
Cuba. That government has issued bonds in a large
amount, and its recognition would make these bonds
valid and compel their payment out of the resources
of the island when it becomes independent, if the fac
tion that issued them is recognized as being a gov
ernment prior to such independence.
It is known that $2,000,000 of these bonds was
offered to the proprietor of an influential Chicago pa
per if he would push recognition. As this offer was
made, it does not require a suspicious nature to con
clude that similar offers were made and accepted by
the yellow journalists. Any one familiar with the
blackmailing record of Hearst may even see in the
yellow zeal for recognition shown by his two papers
a motive with nothing better than a bribe at its base.
His gross abuse of the President for disfavoring
recognition and his faking of exciting statements
which would create a public opinion to bring press
ure on the President and Congress perhaps were
evidence of a desire to force a policy that would
validate bonds and make them a lien upon Cuba.
The last American Consul to escape from the
island says that the so-called government which
Hearst wanted recognized can muster at the maxi
mum only 35,000 fighting men, while he believes that
Spain can secure from the island population about
ten times that number. It appears, then, that Hearst
wanted to recognize a faction that does not command
the confidence and support of a majority of the
islanders, who want independence, but object to
being forced to take that minority faction as their
government.
If it become certain that this vile c cheme for per
sonal profit was the motive of Hearst and the cause
of his detraction of the President, the people will
have an account to settle with him and his indecent
papers. A war upon the high ground on which the
influence of the President has succeeded in putting
it is sad enough as a means for enforcing a great
policy. It will cost dearly in lives and treasure, but
its success will be accepted by the country as worth
the sacrifices it will demand.
But a war on the ground urged by Hearst, to put
millions in the pockets of its promoters and to saddle
those millions on the people of Cuba in the shape of
bonds issued by a fly-by-night government, would
have been the vilest thing in history.
Forewarned is forearmed. The Congressional
elections will take place in all probability before the
war is over, and the Hearst papers and others which
may be actuated by the base motive of gain will be
found inflaming the people in favor of electing a
Congress which will recognize the government in
Cuba which has issued a blanket mortgage upon the
island. This must be prevented. The highest dic
tates of patriotism forbid that a corrupt financial
scheme shall succeed by misusing the high sentiments
of the American people.
Hearst has exploited his qualities as a blackmailer
by rifling the treasuries of corporations 2nd exacting
money for "fnir treatment," as set forth in the con
tract. But t ..ckmailing of a people like the Cubans,
with the U .ted States army and navy to enforce it,
is a scheme so abhorrent that it would turn the stom
ach even of Weyler.
ELECTRIC ENERGY IN FRANCE.
\A GUILLAIN has recently submitted to the
/ \ French Chamber of Deputies a report of a
* • commission upon the distribution of energy
from natural sources throughout the country, to
gether with a bill designed to promote by govern
mental action the extension of the distribution on a
grand scale. The object of the movement is to pro
vide the French people with the full use of the water
and other natural power which is now going to waste
to a great extent, and if carried out will of course
vastly increase the working strength of the nation.
It is pointed out in the report that the construction
of railways by cheapening the cost of transportation
of raw material has massed the working population
into large cities, most of which are distant from
waterfalls and other natural sources of power. The
invention of a means of transmitting energy by elec
tricity from the water power to the city has compen
sated for the loss occasioned by the original removal
of the factory from the place where the fall exists.
Hence the development of that transmission is one of
the needs of the time. The raw material having been
carried from the country to the city, the natural
power must now be carried there also.
According to the report of the commission the
waterfalls of France have a force which is estimated
to surpass the motive power generated by all the
steam engines in the entire world outside railways
and steamboats. By a well devised system of elec
trical transmission every pound of this power could
be made available for use in city or country, and the
productive energies of the nation largely increased.
An important feature of the transmitted energy is
the facility with which it can be subdivided and de
livered in force proportioned to the demand. The big
factory can obtain ioo-horsepower, and the indepen
dent workman in his small shop can get half a horse
power with equal ease. Moreover, the farmer can
have it in his fields as well as the artisan in his work
shop. This fact may have far-reaching consequences,
for one of the reasons why small factories are now
being crowded out by the larger ones is the superior
advantages of the big factories in the matter, of power.
When the individual worker can get power on some
thing like equal terms with his giant competitor
there is likely to be considerable change in our in
dustrial system.
From the reports of the bill which have come to us
through Le Petit Journal it is not clear to what ex
tent the commission would have the Government ex
ercise control over the transmission of energy. It is
certain, however, that the aim is to prevent this vast
power from falling into the hands of monopolies or
other irresponsible control. The natural energies of
France are to be developed for the whole people of
France, and if the great plan is carried out the bene
fits likely to accrue can hardly be overrated.
Madrid diplomatists are sounding the praises of
the Spanish soldiers in Cuba, which is very kind of
them. However, a stock of provisions patriotically
projected through the blockade would be more con
ducive to the accumulation of fat on the soldierly rib.
It seems necessary to remind certain gentlemen of
commercial instinct that the American flag was not
designed for the purpose of advertising even so
noble a product of civilization as gum.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
IF the Railroad Commissioners undertake an inves
tigation of the expenditures of the Southern Pa
cific Company for the purpose of determining
whether or not the corporation is able to pay divi
dends upon its capital stock they should make the in
quiry thorough and complete. There will be no ex
cuse for a partial investigation. For instance, it will
be entirely unsatisfactory for the Commissioners
to ascertain the amount paid in salaries to officials,
the amount consumed in influencing legislation and
the amount charged for legal expenses without in
quiring as to the sums which have been paid to news
papers as a consideration for their silence.
There is a rumor that a certain journal in this city
has a "pull" with the Commissioners by which it will
be enabled to suppress all yiquiry by them concern
ing the journalistic operations of the Southern Pa
cific Company. We do not credit this rumor. If
such an influence exist we doubt whether the mem
bers of the board would be as anxious as they appear
to be to precipitate an inquiry, because it is abso
lutely certain that if the investigation proposed is un
dertaken everything will come out. Somebody will
be present to ask concerning the expenditures of the
corporation for newspaper silence, even if the Com
missioners themselves shall be opposed to exploit
ing that branch of the subject.
Besides the $1000 a month paid to the Examiner
for twenty-two months of editorial complaisance
upon Southern Pacific subjects, we are informed that
the same sheet was paid $7000 for publishing Colonel
Creed Haymond's address before the Senate Com
mittee on Pacific Railroads, $5000 for keeping its
hands off the Pattison Pacific Railroad investigation
and $2500 for a blooded colt which Senator Stan
ford lost in an attempt to do business with the pro
prietor of the sheet. Here is $36,500 expended by the
corporation for illegitimate purposes. We are in
formed also that during a single year, not very long
ago, the corporation declined to collect a bill of over
$30,000 for transportation from the same journal.
These matters are of serious moment, and if the
money of the corporation is being wasted as they
seem to indicate surely the Railroad Commissioners
should put the facts on record. Indeed there will be
no excuse for them if they do not. If they ignore the
subject in pursuance of a political or other "pull"
which the Examiner is alleged to have with them it
will be to their immeasurable discredit. There is a
rule of evidence which provides that when a fact is
asked for in testimony the opposition is entitled to
bring out all the other facts bearing on the matter.
This rule should be adopted by the Railroad Com
missioners in their proposed investigation.
WAR TAXES AND PATRIOTISM.
rOLLOWING its custom and practicing anew
its old trick of trying to win favor with the
masses by asserting that the Government deals
unjustly with them, the Examiner of yesterday made
an attempt to excite class prejudice against the Gov
ernment by denouncing the war revenue bill as an
imposition upon the poor. Among other things it
said:
"The most telling criticism on the bill is that it is
a tax on poverty and not on wealth. There is more
truth' than fancy in this indictment. The taxes on
! beer, on tobacco, on coffee and on tea, which are
; estimated to bring in two-thirds of the income fur
i nished by the measure, will be paid for the most part
by those who are not to be classed among the
j wealthy. The tax on financial transactions will in
; part come from wealth, but it is unfortunately true
that but little of the taxes for the war will come out
of the great accumulations of capital."
Having prepared this appeal to poverty for its edi
torial columns, the Examiner took care not to publish
yesterday any report whatever of the debate on the
I bill in Congress. Had it done so the fallacy of the
attack on the measure would have been exposed, for
; the whole tone of the discussion showed that the ob
jections made to the bill were not directed, as the
: Examiner says, to the imposition of taxes on poverty,
; but to the feature of the bill providing for a bond
issue.
It is not true that "the taxes on beer, on tobacco,
on coffee and on tea are estimated to bring in two
thirds of the income furnished by the measure." The
bill makes no provision for any tax on either tea or
coffee. The tax proposed on fermented liquors is
estimated to yield $35,000,000. That on tobacco and
cigars $20,000,000. These amounts do not constitute
twe-thirds of the proposed $100,000,000 revenues by
any means. The stamp taxes on business documents
alone are expected to yield $30,000,000, and in addi
tion there are taxes on tonnage and taxes on wines
and mineral waters, the income from which has not
been estimated, but which is certain to be large.
It is gratifying to note that in making this attempt
to arouse class antagonisms over an important meas
ure of the war the Examiner represents no party.
Patriotic Democrats and Populists will alike repudiate
the yellow scheme. General Wheeler of Alabama, a
Democrat of the strictest school of his party, gave ex
pression to the loyalty of Democracy when he de
clared on the floor of the House that while he dis
liked the bond feature of the bill he would neverthe
less vote for it, because in times of war there should
be no partisan opposition to measures of war.
The whole issue was well summed up by Hender
son of Iowa: "Taxation there must be. The step we
have taken has cut down our revenues. All our esti
mates are gone. We need men, bullets and cash.
Let us move up like brothers. Let us have no this
side nor that side, no Republicans, no Democrats.
Let us fold up our campaign speeches and back up
the steps we have taken by giving cash without re
serve"
Governor Leedy of Kansas may be doing the best
he knows how. It must be remembered that the gen
tleman has never been supposed to know much. But
a Governor who at this time so checks the ambitions
of National Guardsmen to enlist that they burn him
in effigy ought to hire his office boy to do his think
ing for him.
John J. Ingalls gives out a delicate intimation that
as Secretary of State he would have filled a want felt
a long time by an ex-Senator who is now engaged in
putting extra thick splotches of yellow on daily jour
nalism.
Spain still calculates to use some of her cruisers
now near Manilla to scour the Pacific. The chances
are that the Pacific will be obliged to get along as
best it may unscoured.
When Roosevelt's cowboys reach Havana it would
be unseemly for them to ride up the steps of the
palace, but the colonel will have hard work to re
strain them.
Spanish tactics do not seem to have changed yet.
With unabated fervor the Dons continue their prac
tice of robbing the starving.
MAKE IT THOROUGH-
OUR STAINLESS BANNER
ROBERT BURNS WILSON.
Great God, the stately ships that ride
Beneath our banner, on the sea —
The nation's heart, the nation's pride —
These we commend to Thee.
These — with the brave devoted souls,
Whose dauntless courage now must bic
The shock of battle where it rolls
And storms across the darkening tide—
These we commend to Thee.
If war's red wine must fill the cup
Which may not pass from us, then send
Thy strength to bear each spirit up—
Our stainless flag defend i
When war's red tempest sets the glare
Of flaming madness round us, when
Death, clamoring in the circling air,
Whirls, threatening our defenders, then
Our stainless flag defend I
Our stainless flag, that never yet
Dishonor nor defeat hath lowered —
Untouched, unclouded by regret-
Keep with thy flaming sword 1
Undimmed her stars, that never yet
Their luster to shame's cause have lent
Bright, like the stars which thou hast set
To shine in thy blue 'firmament —
Keep with thy flaming sword 1
—New York Herald.
UNHAPPY SELECTIONS OF NAMES.
How Some of Our Newly Acquired Vessels Are
HandicaDDed in This Renard.
SEVERAL of the names selected for
the vessels recently acquired by the
navy are not alone inappropriate, but
in two cases, at least, probably the
worst that could have been chosen and
are not likely to make the respective
ships' companies proud of their vessels.
The yacht Alicia has been renamed
Hornet, of which there have been four
in the 'navy. The first belonged to the
revolutionary navy, and was blown up in
Delaware Bay in 1777 to prevent her cap
ture. Hornet No. 2 was a transport dur
ing the Tripolitan war, and was sold in
1806. Hornet No. 3. a brig of IS puns. 440
tons and carrying 140 men, performed gal
lant services during the war of ISI2-15,
and her numerous captures and actions
with superior ships, notably with the
Peacock and Penguin, were highly cred
itable to the navy, but her loss with all
hands in 1529 brought mourning into many
homes. Hornet No. 4, a small schooner
used as a dispatch vessel on bays and
rivers, was broken up in 1820. With the
loss of the Hornet in 1829 the name dis
appeared from the navy list.
The yacht Hermione is henceforth to be
known as the Wasp, making the fifth of
that name. The first was blown up in
Delaware Bay in 1777. The second Wasp was
captured at sea by the British October 13,
IXI2, taken into the navy and subsequent
ly lost. Wasp No. 3, known by its gal
lant action with the Frolic and other
heroic engagements, was lost at sea with
all hands in ISI4. A side-wheeler, Emma
Henry, was captured December 8, 1864,
and taken into the navy under the name
of Wasp, sent to tho South Atlantic sta
tion, where she lay for a number of
years off Montevideo, and was finally
sold in 1876 for a nominal sum.
The yacht Almy has been renamed
Eagle, and will be the fourth In the navy
of that name. The tlrst and third were
sold in ISOI and 1524 respectively and the
second was captured June 3, 1813.
The tug E. P. Luckenback, now called
Teeumseh, recalls the fate of the monitor
Tecums.'h before Mobile August 5, 1564,
when Bh« was blown up by a torpedo and
93 officers and men were drowned.
To the torpedo boat purchased in Ger
many the name Somers has been given.
A schooner by that name was captured
in Lake Ontario August 12, 1814, by the
Hritish. The second Somers has a his
tory which is the only blurred page in
American naval history. She was a brig
of 10 guns and 2')9 tons, built at New
York in 1842, and sailed on her lirst cruise
in September of the same year with a
crew of 120, of which 96 were apprentice
boys. Commander A. S. Mackenzie and
seven other officers had charge of the
ship, and it was not until in the vicinity
of St. Thomas, homeward bound, that
any trouble hod manifested itself. On
November 26 Commander Mackenzie re
ceived information that one of the mkl
shlpmen contemplated mutiny, and Philip
Spencer, midshipman; Small, boatswain's
mate, and Cromwell, seaman, were ar
rested. A court-martial was convened,
which found the prisoners guilty without
bringing them before the court, and three
days later the' unsuspecting prisoners
FABLES WITHOUT MORALS,
Observing the tone of a European
press to be hostile a citlzr:i asked a
President what he thought about it.
"Really," responded the President, af
fixing his signature to a declaration of
war, "I have l^ad important things to
think about and had not noticed the
matter you speak of."
Thereupon the citizen went his way
convinced that the long-distance bluff
was not fully appreciated in this coun
try.
A circus poster blown from Its posi
tion by a spring zephyr chanced to meet
a Yellow Journal.
"My only regret," said the Poster,
scraping some disfiguring paste from
its back, "is that I am not so consti
tuted as to wear a hat that I might
take it off to you as a bigger liar than
myself, who aforetime was reckoned
the prince of all liars."
"I also have had regrets on a similar
score," replied the Yellow Journal po
litely, "not that I would take a hat
off even to you, but I sometimes feel
the need of it to talk through."
Such conversation .s might have en
sued was cut short by a garbage man
who at this juncture loaded the pair
into a convenient receptacle for trash.
Accosting an ex-President a fresh
and blithesome reporter asked him his
opinion as to war with Spain.
"I am free to tell you," answered the
ex-President, "that the weather is
fine."
Thanking him cordially the reporter
were informed by the captain himself
that they had only ten minutes more to
live, and at the hour named they were
hanged from the yardarm. There was a
profound sensation in New York when
the Somers arrived thirteen days later,
and the news of the triple execution
spread. Philip Spencer was the son of
the Secretary of War under President Tv
ler. The parents of the 17- year-old boy
were naturally distracted, and they and
their friends had an Inquiry brought
about by the Secretary of the Navy, who
appointed a board for that purpose.
Owing to the partisan feofing, which at
that time was highly antagonistic, pub
lic opinion was swayed and confused by
the press and statesmen in Congress.
Colonel lienton and Fenimore Cooper con
demned and the New York Tribune and
Charles Summer commended Mackenzie's
course. The naval court acquitted the
commander, but when the trial was to
take place of the other alleged mutineers
Mackenzie failed to appear and the pris
oners were discharged. The Somers was
subsequently lost off Vera Cruz Decem
ber S, 1846, capsizing in a squall, and
drowning forty officers and crew.
The only New Orleans we have had in
the navy was a llne-of-battle ship- of
seventy-four guns and 2805 tons, begun
at Sacketts Harbor, Lake Ontario, in
1S15 ? but never launched. She was sold
with twenty other vessels in 18S3, realiz
ing $427, although the nuik was only ap
praised at $200. During the course of de
molition a part of the hulk toppled over,
killing one man and injuring several
others.
The two cruisers purchased from Brazil
have been named New Orleans and Al
bany. No particular significance at
taches to the first name, but of the lat
ter there was a sloop built in 1848 which
disappeared in 1864, taking down with her
210 men, of which fourteen were officers. |
There was a second Albany, built under |
the name of Contocook in 1864, at a cost j
of $984,055, which was sold in 1572 for \
$48,000, being exactly one year one month I
and ten days in commission.
Other names, such as Uncas, Osceola,
Sioux and Algonquin, given to the tugs j
W. A. Luckenback, Wihthrop,. Wise and
El Toro, are unobjectionable Mn so far I
that they raise no painful recollection, i
There was a steamer called the Algon
quin, built in 1863, at a cost of $277,372,
which turned out a lamentable failure.
She was sold in 1869 for $30,000, her ma
chinery was removed and the hull utilized |
as a fertilizer manufactory for many
years in New York harbor, and was fin
ally destroyed by fire August 30, 1882.
In the naming of the torpedo-boats the
last administration remembered several I
comparatively obscure naval officers and j
ignored such as Biddle, Hull, Bainbridge, i
John Paul Jones, Barney, and many I
others more prominent in the several na- |
val wars, from which the Navy Depart- I
ment now might select illustrious names i
for the new vessels.
It is rather a good omen that two of I
the vessels, with unpleasant memories !
connected with their names, will not be I
in active service during this present war.
for the Albany is still in the hands of
the builders at Elswiek and the Somers
met with so many mishaps in her at
tempt to reach this country as to delay
her final departure until after the war
was begun, and she is now tied up in
an English port, there to remain, at least
until her voyage will no longer be con
trary to the laws of neutrality.
sought another ex-President and put to
him the same question.
"Since you mention it," was the po
lite rejoinder, "the day is a little chill
for this season of the year. It is al
ways a delight to me to talk with a
journalist. Good day."
Greatly enlightened the reporter went
to his desk and wrote an interview two
columns in length.
A female who glories in being an an
archist and makes shrill acclaim of
her rabid state was detected shrieking
from the rostrum that in this land there
is no such thing as liberty.
"Will you kindly explain," asked a |
voice, "how It happens then that you
are not in jail?"
"In discussing the problem of life,"
resumed the female, "I decline to be
pinned down to the consideration of
paltry details."
She then proceeded to demonstrate j
how the blessed boon of liberty could \
be secured through the simple process
of hanging the President.
An emissary of the Government, hav
ing been dispatched to a foreign land
on a task of great danger, was be
trayed to a yellow correspondent, who
straightway exploited the scheme to the
delight of the enemy who sought the
emissary with intent to slay him.
"Meddlesome knave," said an indig
nant official to the correspondent,
"would you have a brave countryman
shot?"
"Be assured that I would." replied
the correspondent, "I would shoot him
myself at regular space rates."
Then did that official marvel greatly
that he could find in law no warrant
for suspending the correspondent by
the thumbs.
In the heat of debate a Magulre made
assertion that the acts of the Govern
ment, from whose treasury he draws
pleasing sustenance, were acts of pira
cy, and these remarks one versed in
shorthand made bold to set down.
Thereafter were they printed that all
might see. When the Magulre ob
served them in cold print he was great
ly perturbed of his peace, making loud
lament.
"Verily," quoth he, "a man may bi
divers kind of an ass and never wot
him as to his own condition, save ha
see the same portrayed in type."
An Uncle owning a fair land thr>
which was known to the world as
Florida, heard once on a time that
there was coming a haughty Don with
purpose to possess the same and to
hold it for his own uses.
"Are you beset with fear lest the
Don carry out his evil purpose?" asked
a nephew.
"The emotion which excites me," the
Uncle made answer, "is not that of
fear, but admiration. I had never
hoped to live to witness a display of a
cheek adamantine so that nothing less
than a 13-inch gun would have ten
dency to mar its contour."
Shortly after speaking, he command
ed his trusted men that they go forth
with guns of this caliber and make
essay to batter the cheek of the Don.
Yet had he misgivings, "for," commun
ed he with himself, "the ammunition
wherewith my guns are made ready
has been tested by nothing more fear
some in its hardness than Harveyized
plate."
Having caught a nickel-in-the-slot
machine a policeman threatened it
with arrest as being the wicked instru
mentality of a game of chance.
"It is evident," retorted the ma
chine, with ill-concealed contempt,
"that you have never played me."
Stung by the tone of the accused,
the policeman dropped in a dollar's
worth of nickels, getting as he him
self thereafter made declaration, "not
a bean."
"I did you an injustice," he remarked
to the machine,- with deference doffing:
his helmet and bowing low. "As a
game you offer no chance whatever.
But," he added, drawing a club, "you
are under arrest for highway robbery."
For he was a just man.
"Alas," exclaimed a trusted official,
who had been caught stealing, "what
have I done?"
"The people," replied one who was
there and dearly loved a jest.
"This is no time for unseemly lev
ity," the trusted official retorted, with
dignity. "Truly my outcry comes
fro-m the heart torn of grief and peni
tence. I have brought upon myself
sorrow and disgrace."
Then were his hearers touched, and
abjured him to make no moan, saying:
"When one repenteth him of his
wrongs then will much be forgiven."
Yet did their consolation fail to reach
the spot, for the grief of the man was
not that he had taken the spoil, but
that in his haste he had left aught be
hind.
Inflating his chest so that a broad
side of brass buttons flew therefrom,
a Spanish admiral announced that he
would scour the Pacific.
"Do so if you wish," said an Amer
ican admiral, who had chanced to
overhear, "but I must ask that you
scour the bottom of it. I have myself
a contract to attend to the surface."
The Spanish admiral then explained
that he had merely sprung a Castilian
joke, and the wake he left behind him
would have swamped any craft ven
turing near, even as the billows of the
tempest when it roars.
A director of schools made boast
that during his term he had accom
plished much. Being pressed for par
ticulars, he was for a little time at a
loss.
"Tell us one simple thing," they be
sought him.
"Truly, you are a lot of dullards,"
he retorted, "not to perceive for your
selves that I have kept out of jail."
Then did they make sorrowful ado,
as those who have been humbled in the
dust, and as they so beseemed them
selves the triumphant director walked
across the street to avoid meeting a
policeman, lest his record be marred in
the hour of victory. H. J.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
INN KEEPER— R. B. D.,Clty. The law
relative to inn keepers was not amended
or repealed.
OUR SAVIOR— N. J. M., City. There
is no one claiming to have the bones of
our Savior in Liverpool or anywhere else.
JUDGE AND LAWYER— Miss H., City.
The law of California inhibits a Judge on
the bench from practicing law during the
time that he is in office.
NAVIES— C. W., City. For a descrip
tion of the navies of the United States
and of Spain see the second page of The
Call of the issue of April 22, 1898.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1U42. •
BLATHERSKITES TO THE REAR.
Politicians on horseback are not wanted
to command in war. They only mean bad
management and unnecessary slaughter
of the poor fellows put under their orders.
— New York Tribune.
Angostura Bitters— Prepared by Dr. Sieo-
KRT for his private use, have become famous S3
tlio best appt'tizt'is- tonic. Accept no other.
For Aixayixq Hoarseness and Irritatiov
OF THK Thuoat. " li rown' s Bronchial Troches" are
wonderfully effective. Avoid imitations.
A Sure Winner— Jones— So your husband
is going to the Klondike gold region? I
should think you would hate to have him
run the risk?
Mr.-. Brown— Oh, his life is insured for
£15,000! We are almost sure to mako'
money one way or another.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is tho highest grade baking powder
'; known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other brand. .
Bill
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
_;____' BOYAt. BAKING POWOEB CO., NEW VOKIC ' ;SCHOLARS
READY FOR
MERCY'S CALL
Public School Pupils Anx
ious to Fly the Red
Cross Flag.
Patriotic Ladies of Oakland Call a
Mass-Meeting to Organize
a League.
THE public schools are preparing !
to be mustered into the Red j
Cross army.
Yesterday a number of the
principals of the high schools :
and grammar schools were in consul
tation with their teachers as to- the
\\ is^st plan of securing that which all
agree is a natural and desirable end —
the co-operation of the school children
of San Francisco with the Sanitary ;
Commission and Red Cross League.
As a principal in charge of one of the i
best disciplined schools in the city
s.ud yesterday, "It is at once a lesson !
in patriotism and in altruism, to be
permitted to work for the comfort of
our men who have gone to the front." i
The question that is being agitated '
In the School Department is, "How can j
the best and fullest results be secured :
without distracting the attention of !
the children from their studies?" J
When this problem has been solved the ;
- I children of Pan Francisco will
the banner of the Red Cross and |
enlist in n body. Some of those in j
charge of schools, however, are already I
preparing to coin into a Red Cross
fund the talents of the gifted young !
cans whose ardor requires the '
conservative rein of maturer years to ;
•it war talk and love of country
from occupying all their time and
thoughts.
It is an interesting sight these days
to watch the "Salute to the Flag,"
which only six months ago was ren
dered by the older pupils in a rather
perfunctory manner. Nowadays,
though, every morning while the
schoolyards are crowded, just as the
boys and girls are standing ready to
enter upon their day's work, the flag
runs out along the pole. From six to ,
fieht hundred bright faces are turned
upward to watch the stars and stripes :
stream out upon the morning air. as
many eager hands are raised in salute,
and from the hundreds of youthful
dOmea the loyal chorus:
"I pledge allegiance to my flag and
to the republic for which it stands;
one country, one people, one flag."
It requires only intelligent direction
to transform each and every one of
these eani"st young patriots into quite
as enthusiastic auxiliaries of the Red
» 7ross League.
SHOULD BE
ORGANIZED.
Dr. Lane Believes Much Suf-
fering Can Be Prevented
by the Red Cross.
"I believe a great and noble ana good
work « an !»■ done by the organization of
h Red Cross League and Sanitary Com
mission," said Dr. Lane, the president of
'■;.•■!■ Medical College and the Lane
Hospital, yesterday. "Such an organiza
:n time of war. is greatly needed
and it can be of the greatest utility.
"I have spent three years In the tropics
on board a man-of-war a.nd have experi
enced the unhealthful climatic conditions
that prevail in and about Cuba at this
time of the year. Ido not believe young
women should be permitted to face the
insidious dangers of that region during
the disease season. The weather is very
trying and strangers are almost sure to
be disabled by fevers. Even on ship
board it is impossible to keep from in
fection, and on the vessel I was on, even
though the greatest precaution was ta
ken, we had many cases of fever to care
for. If Cuba should be invaded by Amer
ican forces ] do not believe the soldiers
who are attacked by the fevers will be
allowed to remain there. It is only a
few hours' run to the more hospitable
shores of America, and I think it will
be the policy of the army sanitary corps
to establish hospitals along the Atlantic
seaboard, where they will be easily
reached, and all sick will be taken tp
them by hospital ships as soon as it is
possible to get them away from the in
fected districts. In those hospitals there
will be much need for trained nurses,
both men and women, and It is well to b«»
prepared by organization.
"It will be the duty of the Government
to care for the hospitals, but many
skilled and trained nurses will be re
quired and it is a good idea of the Red
Cross League to have a corps of them
ready to be sent wherever they may bo
needed at the command of the medi
cal department of the army. Those
nurses, should they be called, should go
well equipped, and while they are ser
vice they should be properly 'provided
for. That can best be done through the
channels of the Red Cross League. The
Sanitary Commission should be ready to
furnish needed supplies for the hospitals
should the equipment from the Govern
ment prove inadequate or insufficient."
WILL PERFECT
ORGANIZATION.
Oakland Red Cross League
Calls a Mass-Meeting
for Sunday.
There will be a big mass meeting Sun
afternoon at 4 o'clock at the First
Congregational Church in Oakland, when
]i!;ms will be perfected for the perma
nent organization of a Red cross society
to embrace all Of Oakland. Not only will
the churches of all denominations be rep
resented, but also the various fraternal,
literary and philanthropic societies, two
delegates to be sent from each.
Mrs. Granville Abbott will preside at
this meeting and will be assisted by Rev.
Charles R. Brown. A One programme
of patriotic music has been arranged to
be sung by choruses from the various
i hurcb.es.
This decision was reached yesterday
morning at a meeting of the executive
committee of the Red Cross Society, as
at present organized, which was held in
rooms "ox the Ebell Society. Mrs.
Granville Abbott was in the chair, witn
Mrs. Ronald P. Oleason as secretary. The
others present, Including Mrs. <;. \V. Bun
nell, vice-president, were Airs. F. B. Glun,
Mrs. A. B. Nye. Mrs. Giles Gray, Mrs.
Sol Kahn. Miss Babson, Mrs. B. Kinney
and Mrs. Franklin Bangs.
At the meeting to be held Sunday after
noon there will be a number of gentle
men speakers yet to be named, who will
be limited in their addresses to about live
minutes each. There will be a delega
tion of 200 school children present from
the Lincoln School, under the direction
of Principal T. O. Crawford. The speak
ers from the school will be Cornelia Strat
ton, daughter of Senator F. S. Stratton,
and Ray Coyle, son of Rev. R. F. Coyle.
Thus far about a hundred names "have
been placed on the roll, first among them
being those of Mrs. P. M. Smith and her
whole family. It is the intention, how
o\Tr, to have lists out by Sunday morn
ing and placed in every church in the
city, so that the people may sign them
before the afternoon meeting. These lists
will be circulated in all Catholic, Protest
ant and Jewish churches alike.
It is understood that there are to be no
dues or initiation fees required of those
who join the organization. The members
are to be banded together for help and
sympathy, and not until it is found that
there is a need for actual assistance will
lintmces be considered.
EIGHTY=FIVE
STUDENTS JOINED.
The Red Cross Movement
Booming in the Berkeley
Public Schools.
BERKELEY. April 29.— The Red Cross
movement is booming in Berkeley. At a
special meeting of the Associated Stu
dents to-day the organization of the
Berkeley High School Sanitary Commis
sion was completed. The following stu
dents, eighty-five in all, signed the roll
and are actively engaged in extending the
sphere of usefulness of the commission:
Harry Irwin. AVilltam Girvln. Ted Guard.
Leslie Trowbrldge, Sylvia Herrirk. Pearl Jud-
Bon, Carrie Chrlstensen, Gustave Gulsche,
Hewitt Davenport. Olga Meyer, Ida Wickson,
Helen Graver, Winifred Bigley, Mabel Kyle.
Helen C. Robinson. Wallace Scotchler, Ger
trude Burgess, Beverley Hathaway, Agnes For
gie. Kstelie Hnuvn. A.VB Earle. Kathryn Rnb
lnson. W. A. K. Woods, June Chapell. Martha
Pagle, Fred IS. Reed. Romilda Paroni, Cathe
rine Peake, Stella Hall, Dora Bramlet, Sam
Dickson, Frank Haird. Krnest Clark, Lee Duff.
H. M. Ar.ll.y. William McCleave, George War
ren. The. i Wilder. Kleanor Ernest, Christopher
Webb,- Donna Preble, Louipe Davis, Ksther
Eagle, Eva Cadln, Elsa Henderson, Mary
Boynton, t ßasal I J reble, Evelyn Kennedy. Kli
eabetb Boynton, Mary Farrell, Millie Mendes,
Hel-n Curtis, Myra Friedenrlch, Ethel Cham
t.crlain, Elsie Gould, Ruth Engle. Charlie
Ward, Edda Ryder. Adelaide Parsons, Ethel
Treble. Helen Hill, C. O. Esterley, O. S.
Kueklidge, Harold Cummlngs. Loring Barker.
Allan Matthew, H. Merrill, O. M. Peterson.
K. R. Gompertz, Hulbert Hinckel. Charles
Cheney, Florence Bemwr, Allcq Meyer, Isu
belle Crosier, Way man Atterbury, LUlte Mc-
Farland, Leta Dorn, Mabel Clarke. Laurie
Crozter, Lulu O'Toole, Mabel Warwkk, Mary
13 I -laves. J. L. Wilson. T. S. Hamlln. J. < )".
Brock, Hers.-hel M< Donald. A. D. LaMotte,
Virginia Moser. George Hull. Charles How
ard, Frank Skinner, Zack Hartley, Allen Teb
betts, Bruno Putzker. R. C. Kamage, Harold
Piatt, Sam Eastman. Caleb Justice, Evelyn
Mk. Donald, Alice Jone*. K. B. I.amare, S. b.
Waterman. Gertrude Earle. Annie C. Ed
monda, Knrl Helnrich, May Loftus. M. Libbie
Brehm, Ella Duggard, Annie McCleave, Rev.
John Coyle, H. Leo Dungan. Charles C. Finn,
M C. James, A. W. Stamper, Fannie McLean,
Ruth Hoppin, Margaret WikofT, Daisy Mc-
Cleave, Alleen Watkins, Fred Berger. William
Powell, Pearl Wagner.
Secretary J. j> Wilson visited all of the
grammar schools in Berkeley to-day to
tak.- steps toward forming an auxiliary
organization at each school. The idea
was taken up enthusiastically, and in a
very short time it is expected that every
public school in Berkeley will have its
junior auxiliary.
The officers of the commission will at
tend the general Red Cross meeting in
San Francisco next Monday evening,
when some definite plan of affiliation with
the general society will be formulated.
Meetings of the Berkeley commission will
be held, at which Drs. Greenleaf, East
man and Rowell, who constitute the med
ical board of the commission, will speak.
Dr. Greenleaf will begin the series of
talks next week with some instructions
on "How to Prepare Bandages."
This Week's Wasp.
The Wasp appears this week in a new
| and attractive cover with over twenty
pages replete with interesting reading,
and attractive and timely cartoons and il
lustrations. The cover is exceptionally
original and characteristic of the paper.
The cartoons, of which there are a num
ber, are all well drawn and clever in con
ception. One depicts the statue of Queen
Isabella and Columbus in the State Capi
tol animated with fear at the terrible
warlike appearance of Governor Budd.
Mayor Phelan and Auditor Broderick are
tli" central figures in another cartoon re
lating to the recent defalcation of the late
Treasurer Widber. The proposed alliance
of England and America and the results
to the United States of such a step is
happily caricatured. The Old Ifaid'i
Diary relates entertainingly about the
latest feminine fad. The musical criti
cisms by Professor R. A. Lucchesi will
be read with considerable interest. In the
"Social Side Lights," Paul Pry relates a
story of a millionaire who sold his moth
er's tombstone. The Professor in "Under
the X Hay" treats of some literary cater
pillars who try to flutter on borrowed
wings. Altogether this week's issue of
j the Wasp is an exceptionally attractive
and interesting number. •
Missionary Congress.
The missionary congress to be held in
Calvary Church on Friday, May 6, prom
ises to be an occasion of great Interest.
An excellent programme will be given
and a number of distinguished speakers
and singers will be heard. The topic for
the morning session will be "What Would
the Union of All Christian Effort Do for
the World?" In the afternoon there will
be two subjects: "What Lines of Home
Work Will Best Promote Work in Foreign
Fields?" and "How to Strengthen the
Forces." Miss Ackerman will speak in
the evening.
Read "The Story of the Rise of the
Christian Scientists" in next Sun
day's Call.
Old Friends' Meeting.
At a meeting of the Society of Old
Friends held on Wednesday night, with j
Judge J. A. Campbell, the newly elected
president, in the chair, J. M. Rademaker '<
was elected treasurer of the society, to !
fill an <xisting vacancy, and Charles New- i
man was appointed on the board of di- ]
rectors. Twenty-four new members were
elected and a. committee was appointed j
to take charge of the barbecue of the
society, which will be held on Decoration '
day in Wildwood Glen, Sausalito.
The best lead pencil in the world is the
Koh-1-Noor." Try it. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
HOW BUSINESS WAS RENEWED.
Erasure of the Word ''Spanish" Restored Confidence.
Once more a Spanish ensign has been obliterated, and on this occasion it
happens to be local. For many years past Jose Pages has been reaping an
enviable harvest In a restaurant entitled La Castllla, Spanish Restaurant,
but since the Maine was shattered to atoms, the proprietor has been watch
ing developments with a great deal of Interest, as the sign which was so
courageously shown during war times was a source of annoyance to all who
were employed In the establishment. After many days of thought it was
decided to allow the sign of the Spanish restaurant to remain, but now new
tactics will have to be brought into execution to make the business a pay
ing one.
When the eagle screamed th© proprietor noticed that very 'ew of his old
customers seemed to be desirous of eating breakfast, and when they did not
appear at the noon hour and again In the evening, the "boss" of the shop
became alarmed that his old-time friends might starve. In consequence he
went forth and found a few stragglers and discovered, much to his regret,
that the sign above the door was the reason that his favored few had sought
other quarters for their food, as they feared dynamite might be smuggled
in with mush, crab or any other old thing. They were fully aware that
many of Spanish descent were working in the establishment, and hence the
fright which seemed to possess them.
A few brave ones continue to satisfy their appetites in the restaurant,
but as the daily papers were placed before them, showing the status of
affairs as existing between the two countries, the codfish bails seemed to
rest upon their digestive organs with a dyspeptic force truly remarkable. It
was at this point that the proprietor of the establishment realized that some
thing desperate should be done, and in the hours of darkness a man crept
forth from the door of the place in question with a large bucket of darkly
hued paint and wiped the Spanish phrase from the face of the earth, or in
other words, from the sides and front of the knuildiiiK- Now trade is pick
ing up and the owners of the place realize that the feeling in the American
breast is at white heat and that something "might" have been doing had
not the painter done his work well and under cover of darkness.
The top of the building where the word "Spanish" once shone forth in
glittered letters is now a darkened and unrecognizable mass, and the sides
of the building, although worried by the painter's brush, still show traces of
the old sign which for years was anxiously searched for by those who in
times gone by smacked their lips at the thought of a good old Spanish
dinner. It is rumored the painter who obliterated the signs was paid a
goodly sum for risking his neck while climbing to lofty heights in the
darkness, for the purpose of doing the work necessitated by the business
status of the proprietor of the one-time La Castilla, Spanish Restaurant.
COLLECTED UN
THE CORRIDORS
T>r. W. A. Baker of Detroit Is a guest
at the Occidental.
11. H. McCMntock, a mine-owner of So
nora, is staying at the Lick.
Thomas Fox, the Postmaster of Sacra
mento, is a guest at the Lick.
C. E. Lindsay, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz, is a guest at the Grand.
T. C. Bailey of Salt Lake City is at the
Occidental with his wife and daughter.
W. P. Thomas, an attorney of Ukiah,
is one of the late arrivals at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Jacobs and daughter
are registered at the Palace from Port
land, Or.
I. Baer, a merchant of Redding, is at
the Grand. 'Mrs. Baer accompanies her
husband.
James F. Peck, a prominent attorney
and politician of Merced, is staying at
the Lick.
B. H. Mitchell, a wealthy land owner
of Colusa. is at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife.
F. O. Cormack, of the Dunham Manu
facturing Company of St. Louis, is a
guest at the Palace.
C. Tinkham. manager of the Sierra
Lumber Company, is registered at. the
Grand from his home In Chico.
"I was playing
in "The Romany
Rye,' " said Rob
ert Mantell, "at
the Holliday
Theater in Balti
more. It was, I
think, in 1882. In
NOT ON
THE BILLS.
the play there is a scene where the two
villains bind a man to an upright timber
and strike him In the face until they suc
ceed in rendering him senseless. I don't
exactly remember my lines in that part,
but they were something like 'If I only
had my hands loose for a moment; oh, if
I only had them loose!"
"One night I was bound to the timber
and began struggling while the two vil
lains commenced to smash me about the
head. The audtence groaned and hissed
them, getting more and more excited all
the time. 'We are working them up,'
whispered one of my assailants as he in
dustriously continued to punch me. 'He
was right. We were 'working them up'
more thoroughly than any one expected.
"Just as I was apparently about to
faint a fellow arose in o/ie of the front
seats of the orchestra, and leveling a re
volver at the stage said, "Untie that man."
We three on the stage were standing
close together, and I was in such a posi
tion that I had to look right down the
muzzle of the pistol. I shall never for
get it, even the most minute details of its
appearance. It was a long barreled revol
ver, mounted in mother of pearl, and
flashing along the shining barrel were a
pair of snapping black eyes. The two
villains each gave one quick glance over
their shoulders and then disappeared in
the wings.
"The theater was in an uproar in a mo
ment, while I stood there tied so I could
not move, expecting that the gun would
go off and plunk me in the head. In the
midst of the excitement the stranger's
gun was taken from him by his friends
and the curtain was rung down. Whan
the supers came to untio me I was so
weak I could hardly stand."
H. NeilL, Malcom Neill and L. Thomp
son are three travelers from London who
are registered at the Occidental.
Robert M. Clark, formerly Attorney-
General for the State of Nevada, is reg
istered at the Grand from Carson.
Judge H. G. Bond of Santa Clara is in
the city on a visit of a few days' dura
tion. He is staying at the Palace.
William Ruston, a large cattle man of
Xew Mexico, is at the California on his
way home to England on a visit to his
parents.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles D. Ettinger, two
prominent society people of Chicago, are
staying at the Palace while on a visit of
pleasure to the coast.
Captain J. F. Moser, who has returned
from the East to take command of the
U. S. S. Albatross, is registered at the
Occidental, as is also Lieutenant J. P.
M< Guinness, U. S. N.
C. M. Foraker, United States Marshal
for New Mexico, arrived here last Thurs
day with several Chinese to be deported
on the Rio de Janeiro. Mr. Foraker is a
brother of United States Senator Fora
ker.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. April 29.— William Fitz
hugh of San Francisco is at the Imperial
Hotel. Charles E. Mills of Los Angeles
is at the Gerlach Hotel.
LUXURIOUS ENTERTAINMENT.
Elaborate Preparations Being Made
for the Coming Masonic
Festival.
Harmony Chapter of the Order of the
Eastern Star yesterday succeeded in get
ting one of the leading furniture houses
of the city to donate for their use in the
lounging annex which they will have
attached to their booth BOme'of the dain
tiest pieces of reclining furniture which
can be Imagined. It is proposed by the
ladies of the chapter to have the most
cozy corner in the whole Pavilion. Fifty
young ladies are now being trained, and
during the fete they will present a series
of living pictures for the entertainment
of the chapter's guests.
The committee of Mystic Shrine booth i
has left no stone unturned ;n Its at
tempt to outshine all the other branches
of the fraternity. They have Invited all
the ladies and "nobles" to meet at the
asylum of Golden Gate Commandery, 629
Sutter street, for final conference on
Tuesday evening next. Mystic Shrine
night is to be the last of the festival, and
for its features are promised an Oriental
procession led by a Shriners' Band, the
Arab Drill Corps composed of Nobles in
full-dress and fez, and ladies in Oriental
costume.
The annex to the Pavilion has already
been turned over to the executive com
mittee and within a few days arrange
ments will be made for receiving all
articles contributed.
The great painting of Samson and Deli- |
lah has been loaned for exhibition pur
poses to California Lodge No. 1, and it
will be one of the chief attractions of that
booth.
Insane Prisoners Are Costly.
Suit was commenced yesterday against
the city and county to recover $405
claimed to be due the State for the de
tention and care of two insane prisoners
at the Napa Insane Asylum.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
yi Piugibbacco M
Ugr^^ is kept up to the highest "^IK
fir possible standard by the very highest y§L '
m quality of Burley — the finest growth of 11
\ tobacco for chewing that the world knows of. ja
'^^. Mail 86 silver paper strips from 5-cent cuts of Boot Jack to the mnnnfact- jdp
nrers. and receive in return a handsome aluminum pocket tobacco case^^^p^
Bff^ —n JOHN FINZER & BROS., LOUISVILLE, KY."" ll^
CALIFORNIA'S
YEAR OF GOLD
The Figures for the Year
Are Now on the
Record.
Statistician Yale Says the Dry
Season Lessened the
Product.
Tho Golden Stato Takes Second Rank
for Once, but Its Primacy Will
Soon Bo Regained.
The official record of California's gold
product for 1597 is made up, and it is
$10,181,401. This is $1,310,161 less than the
State record for 1K96, and about the same
as the United States Mint record for that
year.
Charles G. Yale has been the. statistician
of both the San Francisco Mint and the
California Mining Bureau for several
years, as he is now. His estimate of the
gold and sliver production of ' California
is the final State record, but it is always
subject to revision at Washington as the !
Government record for this State.
Last ear Mr. .Yale's estimate of over
$17,000,000 was cut down nearly $2,000,000.
Mr. Yale's figures are based on written
and confidential returns from* every gold
producer in the State, large and small,
whose address is obtainable, supplemented
and corrected by all the collateral infor
mation he can gather and his own judg
ment derived from his acquaintance with
the industry in this State.
The Director of the Mint collects in
dependent returns from the mints, smelt
ers and refineries only, and on these fig
ures has always cut down the State esti
mate, taking no heed of the amounts
shipped to China by the Chinese, the
amounts going directly to the useful arts,
safes, etc. In many ways the figures of
the Director of the Mint have always
done California an injustice. This year
Mr. Yale has made what appears on the
surface to be an ultra-conservative esti
mate. The year has seen an immense in
crease in the gold mining activity of the
State, but, on the other hand, the result
ing increase has been, perhaps, more than
balanced by the great loss of production
consequent on the general lack of water,
which for months has halved or stopped
the operations of many of the biggest
hydraulic and quartz mines in the State.
The season's lack of water has undoubt
edly cost the State $3,000,000 or more in
gold production.
Silver never cut much of a figure in
California, and never will, but it is in
teresting to note under all the circum
stances th#t the" product shows an in
crease of 130,325, commercial value, over
the product of $422,463 in 1896. The yield
of the State by counties for 1897 and 1896
is as follows:
Counties. 1597. i ■ ISS6.
Alpine $ $ 400 00
Amador .* -,1,324,473 00 1523,35128
Butte 667,025 00 749,316 0!)
Calaveras .... 1,439,561 00 1,546,338 85
Del Norte 710 00 24,150 00
Xl Dorado 674,626 00 812,289 26
Fresno 43,144 00 28.235 00
Humboldt 94,992 00 65,092 So
Inyo . 159,840 no 235.507 22
Kern 754,313 00 590,866 72
I m -sen 49,100 00 40,300 00
Los Angeles 40.68S 00 35,468 55
Madera 85,063 00 104,339 84
Marlpoaa 451,427 00 33.", 33
Merced .' 1,250 00
Mono ../ 520,10100 451.553 78
Nevada 1,355,251 00 2,380,756 13
Placer ■. 1,521,941 00 1,674,844 30
l'lumas 339,252 00 462,526 57
Riverside 147,227 00 262,800 00
Sacramento . 93,060 00 133,050 00
San Bernardino 100,373 00 . 96,722 76
San Diego , 592,326 00 560,578 00
San Luis Oblspo .... 2,500 00 3,000 00
Santa Barbara 3,000 00 8,592 00
Shasta ■ 569,071 00 699,209 91
Sierra 370.208 00 756.174 57
Sisklyou 842,123 00 1,091,264 82
Stanislaus 37.30200 16,635 00
Trinity 1,076,372 00 1,296,330 30
Tulare 12,830 00 20,092 00
Tuolumne 1,809,572 00 1,070,141 SI
Yuba 141,638 00 171,687 77
Total J15.871.401 00 $17,181,562 70
In 1596 there were seven counties of the
State that produced over a mimon dol
lars, and one of these yielded over two
millions. In 1897 there were but six mil
lion dollar counties, and none of them
reached the two million mark. Nevada
County, which held the place of honor
in 1896 in bullion product, still maintains
its position in 1597. But Tuolumne Coun
ty, which ranked No. 7 in IS9O, takes sec
ond place this year, displacing Placer,
which is now third on the list. Calaveras.
which was third, is now fourth in rank.
Amador also drops back one nlace. being
now fifth Instead of fourth. Trinity,
which was tilth last year, is sixth, in
1N97 holding the pl;\ce Sisklyou did the
previous year, the latter county dropping
nut of the list of million dollar producers
for the time at least.
Investigation has been made into the
origin of bullion, whether from alluvial
washings or veins. It is found that vein
mining very greatly leads not only one
but all forms of K<>ld washing combined.
The figures of California in 1897 are as
follows:
Quartz mining, $11,390,1X0: surface
placers, $2,379,911: hydraulic mines, $1,351,
088, and drift mines. $1,203,058. In the
quarts total is Included the silver outnut
of ?i'.J.7 w ' 1 . commercial value. From cop
per ores included In the quartz column
the product of gold was $149,406 and of sil
ver $;i.V.C'v From silver-lead ores, mainly
in Inyo and Mono counties, the gold prod-
UCI w.is $14,801 ;md the silver $.14,100.
Figures collected by the Mint also show
approximately the number of men en
gaged in precious metal mining in the
State for the year 1597. The number
given is 16.783. as compared wilh 16,790 in
the previous year.
MISSION ROWDIES IN JAIL.
A Gang of Toughs Make a Brutal
Assault on a Scavenger.
A gang of Mission toughs assaulted an
old scavenger named John B. Rappo at
Twenty-sixth and Valencia streets last
night about 7 o'clock.
The old. man's cries for help attracted
the attention of Officers C. T. Merchant
,md E. Thomson, who hastened to the
scone. On their arrival Ihe gang broke
and ran away. The officers succeeded in
capturing John Tyrrell and Thomas
Stan ton. Tyrrell showed fight to the offi
cers, but was speedily silenced by the ap
plication of a club which eamr in con
tact with his scalp. The contact made a
slit in Tyrrell's cranium, which was
brought to by the use of a needle and
thread In the City and County Hospital,
whore he was taken for treatment.
Hoth prisoners were booked at the
Sfvonteenth-street station on the charges
of battery and vulgar language.
' AMUSEMENTS.
■+H+n+H+H+H+B+H+B+E2+H+E+E+ffl+H+H+BS+H+H+H+H+H+H
I TO-DAY
? • I
H IB
Tk I I M fl* I ll
line Ingleside Stake!!
I ?
i FOUR MILES. ]
i i
a ■
B+a+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+«+B+B4-B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB.
BALBOA BOULEVARD DAY.
MONDAY, MAY 2, 1898.
Ingleside Racetrack:.
SIX RUNNING RACES ONE MILE OR OVER.
Proceeds of the Day's Races to Be Used in Maintaining
THE BALBOA BOULEVARD.
SOCIETY GALA RACE DAY.
NEXT NEXT
TUESDA Y TUESDA Y
; AT THE
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
San Francisco Poly clinic.
Under the Auspices of the California Jockey Club.
g=S>l X RACES!
I - R l fseTn n t^ Cl . et . y . M . er ! GENTLEMEN'S RACE.
TO BE FOLLOWED BY THE • 1
POLYCLINIC HANDICAP.
Races start at 2:15 p. in. sharp.
: Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m., and 12:30, 1, 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 8 p. m.,' connect-
ing: with the trains stopping at the entrance to the track. Buy your lerry tickets to Shell
Mound.
Returning — leave the track at 4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after the last
race. admission -■■■;'- - - $i.oo.
ADMISSION .... $i,oo.
secure YOUR -tickets before you go over from the leading stores
or the patronesses.
every; ONE WH-L be THERE! \A/OIV'T you?
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TIME.
TRILBY !
Excellent Cast. Popular Prices.
15c, 25c and f>Oc. No Higher.
TO-NIGHT— FAREWELL TO MELBA.
EXTRA-
TO-MORROW, SUNDAY, EVENING, MAY 1, !
GRAND FAREWELL CONCERT
By the principal members of the
DAMROSCIi=ELLIS OPERA CO.
And the orchestra of the New York Symphony '
Society, including
SIGNOR ORESTE BIMBONI. Conductor.
MLLE. TORONTA; Soprano,
MLLE. MATTFIELD, Soprano.
M. SALIGNAC, Tenor,
MR. VAN HOOSE, Tenor,
MR. RAINS. Basso, and
SIG. CAMPANARI, Barytone,
Popular prices, |1 50 to 50 cents. Seats ready
at box office.
NEXT MONDAY, "A TEXAS STEER."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Matinee To-day. To-night and Sunday. |
Farewell Appearance of the Dainty Comedienne, !
MARIE JANSEN,
In Her Latest Success.
"THE IV IN CV HANKS."
Built for Laughing Purposes Only.
EXTRA— NEXT MONDAY,
ROBERT B. MAINTELL
In "A SECRET WARRANT.
BALDWIN THEATER.
All this and next week. Matinee To-day.
FERRIS HARTMAN
Ari. a Complete Comedy Company Direct from
New York in the Nautical Farcical Comedy,
THE PURSER.
As refreshing as an ocean breeze. War bul-
letins between the acts. Extra— Now being
presented every afternoon, including Sunday
(except Saturday)' at 3. a magnificent
production of the famous "PASSION PLAY."
Reproduced by means of 1000 , life-like moving
pictures. Realistic accessories.
Seats— 25c; Children. 15c.
Coming— The Great PILAR MORIN.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Mana««r.
Great Success of the American Star Soubrette,
LETTIE LE VYNE
And Her Patriotic Specialty.
"REMEMBER, BOYS, THE MAINE!"
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN,"
NEW PEOPLE, v
STRONG CAST and
CATCHY SPECIALTIES.
Evening Price5... .............. ......10c, 25c, 50c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor & Manager
• THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
LAST NIGHTS '
OF THE "GLORIOUS SUCCESS.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR!
: NEXT WEEK
The greatest ' of all : comic operas
"WANG!"
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
SUTftq__BATHS.
SATURDAY, APRIL 30, IS9S.
MONSTER MAY=DAY FESTIVAL!
1000 CHILDREN WILL TAKE PART IN MAY
POLE DANCES.
Admission, 10c. Children only sc.
OLYMPIA I Comet of %™ »nJ
Eddy Streets.
•Direct from New York, CYRENE. The Cuban
Terpslchorean Wonder, and a great olio of
■ specialties. Admission ■ free. House . heated.
War Bulletins read from stage every half hour.
fliMi ii^iiiwli'iUKm.liiini^iipm.nmMiHpl * ■■■ Hn i» '"» i 'IV'I ''ITfrll i
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track.) ,
Racing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inohsiTa.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS, 12:45 and 1:15 p. m. DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning Immediately after th« j
races.
Kearny-street and Mission-street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore-street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
P. H. GREEN, Secretary.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), APRIL 30.
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. Any Part,
KEI'iNER'S TABLEAUX VIVANTS.
Most Expensive Production of Living Picture*
• Ever Attempted In America.
Also LIZZIE B. RAYMOND, RENO &
RICHARDS. TONY WILSON & CLOWN.
SMITH. O'BRIEN. SIGNORA CASTELLO
ROBERTA & DORETTA. FISH & QUIGG, anA
MO' •• -'•■• iMERY & STONE. !
Matinee every Wed., • Sat. and Sunday.
ALCAZAR, gssgng.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
To-night, Sunday and all next week.
A GENUINE SUCCESS. :
The Comedy That Will Make You Laugh.
"THE GAY PARISIANS!"
L. R. Stock-well and the Best Cast Yet.
Prices — 25c, 35c and 50c. '
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL,
223 SUTTER STREET.
•- - -
MATINEE TO-DAY, 3 O'CLOCK.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM
The Wonderful Child Musician. Positively
without equal in Europe or America.
Prices 60c and $1. Children 2So.
— v
TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW, AFTER-
NOONS AND EVENINGS
L«ST TIMES OF
THE AFRICAN LION HUNT.
CHUTES. . : ;: ;S;C
MANDOLA and a Grand Vaudeville Pep.
formance. *
WAR NEWS READ FROM THE STAGE.
10c to All, Including Zoo. etc.; Children, 5c
—LOOK OUT FOR "VISIONS OF ART!"—
COURSING !--M INNOVATION — COURSING I
INGLESIDE PARK.
Champions Running in Heat Stake!
Biggest Event Ever On the Sward.
TWO DAYS!— BIG MONEY— TWO DAYS I
Saturday 1 P. M. Sunday 10 A. M.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing.: Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments .at city prices. Fare, round
trip, ■ 25c; . Children. 15c; Including admlssloa
to grounds.
, . ■ —THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10.
2 and 4 p. m. ' Returning, leave El Campo at
■11:15 a. m.. 1. 3 and 5 p. m. ;
The pure essential extract from the native drug. ■ Con*
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Orl'in»
wit bout its noxious elements. ■: No sickness cf xtom»rh|
no vomit. ; no costivenegs ; no headache. All Druggist^ ;
-. . «. . : ■' "f-
78
LOCAL WARRIORS GETTING READY
VOLUNTEER
TO FIGHT
National Guardsmen All Along
the Line Step Forward
and Sign the Roll.
An Active Day at Headquarters — Messages
Wired From the War Department
Smooth the Way for Speedy
Action in Mustering In
State Troops.
An Important order was issued from
the headquarters of the National Guard
late yesterday afternoon. It clearly
shows the present status of the situa
tion as regards the mustering of the
guard into service, and also clearly
cites the Governor's position upon the
much agitated question of regimental
preservation, which just at present is
the all absorbing topic in military
circles. The order is to the brigadiers,
and reads as follows:
To brigade commanders, N. G. C: I
am directed by the commander in cliief
to communicate the following to you for
the information and guidance of all con
cerned. Telegraphic Information has just
been received stating that the orderdetail-
Ing United States mustering officer was is
sued this day. Detailed instruction?,
blanks, etc., are now en route by mail
from Washington, D. C, and until they
arrive the muster cannot begin; all that
can be done until that time Is for all men
desiring to volunteer to sign rolls now
with the captains, restrain their anxiety,
and await patiently the proper time for
the muster, which will then be expedl
tiously proceeded with. All existing regi
mental and company officers, so far as
practicable and are Qualified physically
and otherwise, will be retained in their
present positions if their organization is
called out.
A. W. BARRETT. Adjutant General.
Company commanders will publish the
above ti> their companies, and post in
conspicuous place in their armories.
Brigadier General, Commanding Brigade,
N 'i. C.
The following dispatch was received
by Adjutant-Genoral Barrett yesterday
afternoon:
Los Angeles, Cal., April 29, 1898.
Brigadier General A. W. Barrett. San
Francisco, Cal: Companies A, B, L and I
rolls complete, one hundred each. All
others will be complete with like number
to-night. Officers' applications waiting
medical certificate.
C. P. A. LAST, Brigadier General.
Governor Budd said that the Na
tional Guard has now two completely
recruited regiments, the First and the
Seventh. Colonel Smith's regiment was
completed last night, and his comoanv
rolls handed In to General Barrett, and
those of the Seventh will no doubt be
received to-day.
This leaves everything practically in
readiness, and all that remains for the
National Guard is to await the Wai-
Department's orders from Washington.
Governor Budd shortly after noon
yesterday appointed Surgeon-Gpn«ral
Hopkins and Division Surgeon Gall-
Wey as members of the examining med
ical board to assist in examining the
volunteer surgeons.
The War Department authorized the
Governor to make these appointment.
It is not known what Government offi
cers will compose the board.
It would appear from Captain Car
rington's dispatch from General
Schwan that it is possible he may be
ordered by telegraph to proceed with
the mustering of the National Guard,
but the possibilities are that the mus
ter blanks have been sent by mail, and
in that case the guard will have to
■wait until the middle of next week be
fore they are placed on Uncle Sam's
payroll.
Governor Budd very naturally feels
the unmerited criticisms that have
been made upon his tactics in not or
dering out the Guard with a grand
hurrah, and sending them to immedi
ately storm Morro Castle. The fol
lowing presentation of the situation
shnws the case exactly as it is:
Governor Budd has been officially
notified by the War Department to
await his mailed orders from Wash
ington. Were he to order out the Na
tional Guard just to satisfy the war
like ambition of some over-zealous
patriots, he would directly break a
positive military order that has been
given him.
The ordering out of the Guard by
the Governor before he receives his
orders would mean an enormous ex
pense to the State and a prompt call
ing down of the Governor by the Gov
ernment. Governor Budd said yester
day:
"For the last time, I will say that I
am In constant communication with
the War Department and am rating
under my orders. I am enough of a
soldier to obey orders — not to break
them. The Government knows Cali
fornia's willingness to go to the front,
and when It is ready it will call upon
the State. I do not propose to take the
business of conducting this war out of
the Government's ha.'.ds."
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks of Peta
luma, commanding the Fifth Infantry,
and Colonel James Smith of the First
Infantry were at headquarters yester
day and were closeted with the Gov
ernor. Their visit was relative to busi
ness pertaining to their commands.
Captain Carrington received yester
day morning a dispatch from Assist
ant Adjutant Schwan at the War De
partment In Washington, D. C, in
forming him that orders had been is
sued detailing him to muster In Cali
fornia's quota of men, and that in
structions and mustering blanks would
follow by mall. The dispatch further
states that First Lieutenant Sidney
A. Cloman, Fifteenth United States In
fantry, now stationed at California
A BATTERY OF HIBERNIANS.
It Is announced that Father Crowley will go to the front as the chaplain
of the Hibernians, Wfalcfa order last night adopted the following resolutions
"Whereas, the United States, having become involved in a war with
Spain because of the efforts of the former to ameliorate the condition of the
people of Cuba; and whereas, millions of our race who were compelled by
Inhuman laws to leave the land of their birth, found a home and a field for
their labor in this the land of liberty: therefore, be it
"Resolved, That it will be our pleasurable duty to participate in safe
guarding our common country and defending Its flag; therefore, be it further
"Resolved, That we. the Ancient Order of Hibernians of San Francisco
organize at least one battalion of infantry, and that same be placed at the
disposal of the Governor of our State." '
University, will be detailed as acting
assistant quartermaster and commis
sary of subsistence. It further informs
Captain Carrington that his sugges
tion regarding the mustering in of
the troops as the Government is pre
pared to receive them has been ap
proved.
Captain John A. Miller, Lieutenant
F. Nippert and Sergeant F. L. Brown
of Company F, First Infantry, appear
ed before the Regimental Examining
Board last night, and were examined
preparatory to confirmation of their re
cent election.
Colonel Hopkins, Surgeon-General of
the National Guard of California, re
ported at headquarters last night, and
held a conference with General Barrett.
The conference was relative to the
business of the sanitary corps.
SEA BATTLES.
Plan of Naval Operations
Discussed at the Bur
nett School.
The principal of the Burnett School
yesterday gave a highly instructive les
son to the pupils of the ninth grade
on the Americo-Spanish war.
Mr. Stone served during the Civil
War in the Gulf squadron as ship's
clerk with Lieutenants Dewey and
Sampson, now admirals in charge of
the great American squadrons. Large
maps of Cuba, the Atlantic coast line
and Philippine Islands were used to
illustrate the principal's description of
the movements of the American and
Spanish fleets.
Arms and projectiles were also dis
cussed, and the means that would be
employed by ourcoast defenders in case
of an attack by a Spanish fleet on San
Francisco.
It is safe to say that the youngsters
will read this morning's Call with in
creased interest, following out the
lines of yesterday's lesson.
THE FIRST
RECRUITING.
Muster Rolls Being Turned
In — Men Wanted for
the Navy.
The emergency rolls of the First In
fantry were opened for signatures last
evening, and before 11 o'clock they were
all ready to be turned iijto the head
quarters of the regiment. From there
they will be forwarded without delay to
the Governor.
All the officers of the regiment have
already volunteered by personal commu
nication to headquarters, the certificate
of the surgeons of the guard in each case
accompanying the application for service.
The officers were examined Wednesday
evening and yesterday morning, and there
were but two in the regiment who were
not passed— First Lieutenant Carrol and
Second Lieutenant White. Both Carrol
and White were rejected for constitutional
weakness.
Colonel Fairbanks and Lieutenant-Col
onel Whitton of the Fifth Infantry wore
in the city last evening, and they were
for some time in close conference with
the field officers of the First Infantry in
regard to the stand taken by the officers
of the First regarding their desire that
the regiment go to the front as an or
ganization. The officers from the Fifth
Regiment indorsed in every particular the
attitude of the officers of the First.
The companies of the First Regiment
are all recruited above the legal number,
so that in every case there is a reserve
list to draw from to till the places of the
men who cannot pass the examining sur
geons.
At the naval rendezvous there has been
a notice issued calling for volunteeers as
follows:
Chief machinists and first-class machin
ists for tugs for one year; first-class ma
chinists and first-class firemen for cruis
ers for three years; first and second class
firemen, oilers and seamen for tugs for
one year; seamen and ordinary seamen
for cruisers for three years; ordinary sea
men, landsmen, carpenters' mates, stew
ards' men, cooks and mess attendants
for tugs for one year.
These are men who will be needed In
the new mosquito fleet and on the cruis
ers Charleston and Philadelphia and the
gunboat Yorktown (now being repaired at
the Mare Island Navy-yard). Responses
to this call will begin to come within a
few days, and there Is no doubt enter
tained that when the vessels are ready
for sea there will be no lack of men to
man them.
OFFICERS BUSY.
One Hundred and Eleven
Men Added to the Rolls
Yesterday.
The recruiting office In the old armory
of the First Regiment was a busy place
yesterday. Recruits are coming In with
a rapidity that promises full rolls within
a very few days, and it will not be long
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
VOLUNTEERING TO FIGHT.
before the recruiting officers will be able
to be more strict in the selection of can
didates. Already there . hay* been en
rolled 343 men for the heavy artillery bat
teries, and the call requires only llfiy
scven more.
yesterday's quota was 111. A few who
had com.- in from the surrounding coun
ties and some applied by letter, asking
that their names be put down and that
they be called when the time came for
service.
Every man was told to come back this
morning at 10 o'clock, for it is expected
that by that time there will be some defi
nite information as to the mustering in
of the recruits. The names of those en
rolled yesterday are as follows:
G H. BrlKcs. 3l'; M. Nelson, 23; George Kent,
"-,■ C Madison, 22; M. Halleran, 24; George
lleokman, 40; a. B. Johnson, 37; J .Hover, 23:
G E Parker, 27; H. A. Summons, 84; George
Brledenbach, 89; .1. McGlnty, 23: C. B. Kills,
v H H An^ell. 27: S. Mueller. 33: H. J.
Forbes 21; C. M. Magnusson. 18; F. Bouchard.
18; E C Leary, '■'•-'■ 3. .T. McAllister, 37; <". yon
Wedel, :•..'•: C. Rehme, 81; E. 1... Smith. 28; W.
M McDonald, 27: P. 3. Cacelari, 21; G. H.
Brooks ::".; .!. Maxwell. 40; K. F. Ludwlg, J«;
B J Boldman, 32: J. Brannan, 27; M. S. Bald
win 36: J. Leary, 23; J. Pollard. 23; t;. Q
35; JI. A. Wassum, 80; 11. H. Killman, :::<: .1.
:'.: '. Farley, 88; P. Johnson, 36; C. I>. Ayton, 26;
O. Barff, 32; I-. Franklin, 25; J. I. Foye, 34; J.
Curren, 2.">; T. Byrne. 24; W. C'urrin, 22; W.
Corbett 28; W. F. Myers, 29; E. E. Casey, 37,
D. Welsh, 2R; Samuel Nelson Jr., 22: George A.
Brown, 21: James Kelly, 34: Fred Nicbuhr, 19;
Joseph W. Munroe, L' 3; Robert McLean, 3.»;
Georße Mansbrough, 20; Conrad EW-hman, 32;
Charles Clark. 26: Jrhn A. Bofley, 36; William
II Smith, 34; Beamon Levy, 21: Phiiiii 7-.
Snowden, 86; A. M. Roland, 34; H. B. Cavan
augh, 40: Ernest Knenlff. 41; Mark Corroran,
3s: Adolnh Kohl, 27; Bernard McCaasen, 30;
Charles B. Hutching, 21; Manuela D«llamonira,
31- Denis O'Mara, -2: Albert Olllespie, 31;
George E. Wellman, 22: Henry M. Joyner, 19;
jeFs<» r,. Frank. 18; Lee Baxter, 2.">; James J.
McCarthy, 31: Frank A. Bmock, 3.".; David A.
Mark 31; George Donovan, 27: l>onald child,
3>l; Frank Kofnel, 3"; George M. Bahl, 3v
Genree W. Bryan, 81; P. K. Hunnaker, 38;
Charles A. Hysen. 44; Hugo P. Hlnrichs, 20;
Genrtce C. Reid, 23; Henry Kinimel. :::,; J. At
k!nf?nn, 2fi; James A. OIT, 37; Mason F. Bnope,
23; Horace A. Herman, If; James J. Walsh, 45;
C. W. Carnecur, 22; M. B. Sergp, 22: Cod
Repan, 20: Charles F. Brooks, 34: A. Shaw, 22:
Frank Rr.ell, 23; Robert Mrlndoe, 23; William
Fuhr. 34; J. F. Lewis, 34: P. Le Gay, 23; P.
Arlett, IK; P. C. Thede, 20; J. W. Miller. 85;
F. Boyd, 18; W. Hoffman, 24; P. L. Huston, 25.
STEAMPHIP SERVICE.
The report from the East that the Pan
ama Railroad Company had suspended
steamer service between New York and
Colon on account of the war is denied by
Fred F. Connor, the agent of the line
in San Francisco. He received a tele
gram yesterday from the general office
announcing that the steamship Advance
would sail from New York for Colon on
Monday, May 2.
A BRITISH HURRAH!
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: As an
Englishman I desire to express through
your columns the henrty good will of all
Englishmen for Uncle Sam in the present
crisis. It is undoubtedly true that sev
eral European nations are anxious to nip
this country's growing greatness In the
bud, and for this purpose have formed a
coalition against it, and but for the bold,
outspoken loyalty of England to the
United States their combined fleets would
to-day be lining up with those of Spain
to menace this "sweet land of liberty,"
progress and humanity, but they are re
strained by the attitude of the British
lion and dare not move, knowing that old
England is enthusiastically solid for
America, and that sixty millions of Eng
lishmen over the globe are promptly
ready to back up Uncle Sam to the last
man and ship, and; girdle the earth, if
need be, with a blinding sheet of flame
and hurricane of shot from red regiments
and gallant fleets in whole-souled sup
port ot bet splendid kith and kin. Back
to back Uncle Sam anu John Bull are
more than a match for "the world in
arms." and abundantly able to make a
dear path for liberty over the prostrate
forms of banded cruelty, despotism and
tyranny all around the earth. Let not
our cousins doubt for one instant (our
little "scraps" in the past notwithstand
ing) that old Enghind is with them when
deeded body, bouts and all. The hearty
and loyal friendship of England for this
country has long been a dead certainty.
When recently Italy seemed bent on
Bending her fleet to bombard* New York
an English admiral, on hearing the re
port, blurted out the significant words,
"Then, by , they must do It over the
hulls of my fleet." All England applaud
ed the sentiment to the echo; and to-day
that generous feeling is at whitest heat.
Being in communication with British
statesmen in highest authority I am war
ranted in asserting that at the smallest
overt act of European hostility the Eng
lish will ro«r "Hands off!" Till then
England will simply sta.nd at "atten
tion," assured that Uncle Sam needs no
more than her moral sympathy while in
dulging in the recreation o? polishing off
the bantam Dons; but I repeat, let the
fateful hour strike when practical aid is
needed and England unsolicited will leap
into the crowd, uplifting for crushing
blow a clinched hand that will overshad
ow and paralyze the vaunted "mailed
fist" of all Europe. I am positive, sir,
that I voice the unanimous sentiment of
Englishmen everywhere when in one of
the greatest American papers I claim
permission to raise the hearty Anglo-Sax
on cheer: "Hurrah for Uncle Sam! We
are with you! Go in and win!"
DR. W. FRANERS.
April 26, 1898.
In Honor of Dr. Baird.
Dr. James M. Baird, pastor of Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church, was given
a surprise social at the parsonage adjoin
ing the church on Twenty-first street last
evening by the members and friends of
his congregation and representatives
from CenfraJ and Simpson Memorial
Churches, where he formerly served as=
pastor; also from Napa, where be was
president of the college for nine years.
The surprise was under the direction of
Mrs. T. J. Coffin in honor of his forty
eighth birthday, which takes place to
morrow, May 1, and the twentieth anni
versary of his wedding day. The parlors
were brilliantly illuminated and about 200
guests were present. Dr. and Mrs. Baird
received hearty congratulations from their
friends, and quite a number of beautiful
and costly presents. The evening was
socially spent and refreshments we re
served.
A JNw Mining Company.
Articles of incorporation of the North
Star Consolidated Gold Mining Company
have been filed by Percy 1,. Shuman. T.
P.. O'Brien, E. B. Ropers, Tirey L. Ford
and Samuel J. Hendy. Shuman ha&
taken $200,000 worth of the $250,wu capital
stock.
More Trouble for Harris.
George W. Schell, an attorney, com-
UNCLE ---COME, WILLIE, LET'S SHOW OUR BOOKS.
menced suit yesterday against C. P. Har- I
ris, an insolvent stock broker, to recover ]
$697§ 50. H,arris failed several years ago 1
and was arrested on several charges of •
embezzlement. He was Tried before
Judge Wallace last Tuesday and acquitted
of the charge. * • ' , '-■- -
■ '•• :—: — .» . ~~h:T.f
Will Try to Becover the Books.
An attempt will be made to secure the
return of the record books belonging- to
the School Department that are said to
have been entrusted by Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven to James M. Wilkins, proprietor of
the- Cliff House. School Superintendent I
1
Webster commenced suit yesterday
against Wilkine to compel him to sur
render the books.
In the Divorce Courts.
Judge Seawell yesterday granted Ida
W. Sjoholn a divorce from Andrew P.
Sjoholn on the ground of desertion.
Catherine Munroe has commenced suit
for divorce against James G. Munroe on
the ground of desertion.
Amanda Johnson brought suit yester
day against Oscar Johnson to secure a
divorce on the ground of the defendant's
intemperance.
The Telephone Case.
United States Circuit Court Judge Mor
row yesterday allowed an appeal to the
Circuit Court of Appeals by the defendant
in the case of the Western Electric Com
pany against the Capital Telephone and
Telegraph Company. United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven, siting as a Circuit
Judge, had given judgment in favor of
the plaintiff.
"Women of the Red Cross and
What They are Doing in the War,"
in next Sunday's Call.
RIDERS TO
THE FRONT
Fourth United States Cavalry
to Guard Powder Works
at Santa Cruz.
The Six Batteries of the Third Artillery and
the Squadron of Cavalry, Stationed Here,
to Be Immediately Recruited to the
Maximum Strength, Under
the New Law.
Orders received yesterday from the
Secretary of War and the department
commander, U. S. A., created a rapid
current of comment among the soldiers
stationed at tha Presidio. General Mer
riam wired Colonel Morris to detail a
troop of the Fourth United States cav
alry to proceed immediately to Santa
Cruz and establish a patrol around the
powder works of that place.
Late last night the detail of a troop
had not been made. It seemed to be
the impression that the order would
be amended requiring two troops for
the duty. The troopers when they ar
rive on the presmises will establish a
line around the works and permit no
person who cannot give a good account
of himself to cross the line.
The Fourth Cavalry men are elated
at the prospect of active servir \ The
idea of the infantry going to the front
and the cavalry remaining on the res
ervation struck the riders as the most
remarkable thing ever heard of. Yes
terday when the troopers were ordered
to parade to-day in heavy marching
order, fully equipped for the field, they
received a hint of prospective service
at the front.
Presidio of San Francisco, Cal.,
April 29, 1898.
Special Orders No. 63.
The cavalry troops of this command
will be paraded fur Inspection and muster
to-morrow, the 30th inst., in heavy march
ing order, equipped for the field.
Boots and saddles 8:30 a. m. Assembly
8:45 a. m.
The Commissioned Staff aj:d Hospital
Corps will lit- mustered l>y the command
ing officer without arms after the. return
from the parade ground.
By order of Lieutenant-Colonel Morris.
THOMAS G. CARSON,
Second Lieutenant Fourth Cavalry, Ad-
Jutant.
Orders were received from the War
Department through department head
quarters early in the day yesterday,
which directed immediate recruiting: to
fill the United States army to the limit
authorized by law. Each of the six
regular batteries of the Third Artillery
on duty in this harbor will be filled up
to the strength of 200 men. 'This will
add 120 men to each battery. The op
portunity of serving in a regiment so
renowned as the Third Artillery, un
der officers so capable and with men
so proficient, may appeal to many
youngsters who are now seeking an op
portunity to serve the country.
Apart from the artillery service It is
noted that each troop of the Fourth
United States Cavalry is to be recruited
to the strength of 100 men. This will
give 200 fearless and active young rid
ers of California a chance to serve the
country under such gallant leaders as
Colonel Morris and Captains Benson,
Gale, Lockett and Neall. In due time
announcement will be made where men
may apply for service in the United
States army. The Presidio recruiting
office should be a busy station in view
of the authorized increase of the reg
ular army.
No War
Can dim the popularity of the people's
picnic grounds at El Campo. The big
pavilion, the charming walks through
wooded dells, the boat houses and bath
beach are all thronged every Sunday
and everybody goes away regretting
the day is so short. If you don't want
to stay long there's plenty of room on
the big steamer Ukiah, making four
round trips during the day.CRISP CHAT
ABOUT BALL
"Ham" Iberg Emulates
the Rolling Stone in His
Restlessness.
"Youngus" Johnson Gets His
Price From Rochester and
Goes East.
Bad Umpiring at Santa Cruz Causes
th« Boys to Use Language More
Forcible Than Elegant.
By Joe Corbett.
The first fame under the new league
will be played at Central Park Sunday.
It Js about time "Ham" Iberg signed
•with some club. His mysterious maneuv
ering from one club to another has caused
no little amount of speculation as to his
finish.
Manager Coffroth, In company with
Bushnell, the "photographic wonder," is
scouring the country in the vicinity of
Greenbrae. in the hope of securing a few
"knights of the ball field." It is said that
"Bushnell's ark," which plays tag wkh
the merry little wavelets in that neighbor
hood, contains many hidden treasures, as
well as "secrets," and it is hoped that
"Fairest James" unearths a good pitcher.
"Youngus" Johnson is the recipient of a
U-le.eram from the Rochester dub, ad
vising him to come East Immediately.
"\oungus" says that Rochester has at
last come around to his figure, and while
he hates to leave dear old Frisco, still
business is business, therefore, must £<■>.
His departure will be a serious losa to
the San Francisco dub, with whom he
had consented to play while in California.
Our "favorite" Hughes dropped a game
to the Brooklyns Wednesday, but he can
not be expected to win every game. The
Brooklyns, at times, are a hard crowd to
beat. They may go along in a "don't
care sort of a way" for a week, then
wake up and bat any pitcher. Then again
pitchers, especially youngsters, have oft*
days and are easy for any team. No
doubt after pitching that great game
•gainst Boston, the reaction set in, which
undoubtedly accounts for Wednesday's
defeat. It is to be hoped Manager Han
lon does not work this young man too
often at the start, as the weather back
there at present is not quite warm enough
for pitchers. bfcJames and Hugnes have
done nenrly all the box work so far, and
it Is about time Hanlon gave some of
those other "stars" an opportunity to
earn their salary.
Harvey, the crack pitcher of the Gilt
Edges, has received an offer from the
Pittsburg club of the National League.
He intends to remain in California this
however, yet is thinking very seri
ously of joining fast company next sea
son, and will no doubt uphold the glori
i.us reputation attained by former native
sons in the Ka-st.
Charley Sweeney, whose record as a
strike-out pitcher is yet to be equaled,
says his arm is gradually "rounding to,"
and that he will be able to use it to good ;
advantage before long.
Pitzpatrick, he who monopolizes the I
coach line every time the athletes cross
bats at Central Park, should apply for
a patent on that voice. Any player who
Should dare make a mlsplay when this
gentleman is doing his act should be sus
pended for life.
Every team that goes to Santa Cruz
seems to entertain the same grievance—
"poor umpiring." There are some very
raui^hty things said about the gentleman
who bundles the Indicator in that town,
and quite a number of players state that
it is almost impossible to win a game in
which he officiates. Such a state of affairs
El'ould not be tolerated, and the league
should furnish good umpires, proficient
enough in the game to give a correct de
cision, at least, once in a while. Have
good umpiring, and save trouble, dissatis
faction and a possible "riot."
One thing is certain, the teams now
composing the new league will have to
practice if they expect to play good ball. |
No player, no matter how good he might
be, can give a good account of him
self (unless through sheer luck) unless
ho devotes some of his leisure time to
practice. In the major league, players
must practice every day, barring Sunday,
from one to two hours, and very often
with this amount of practice put up an
inferior article of ball. Therefore the
managers of the various teams should in
sist upon their men practicing, for if
they do not, poor baseball will be the
inevitable finish.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB— lngleside Track-154-th day of the
Winter Meeting, Friday. April 29, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
981.
FIRST RACK— Five furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse,
:ndex.
SBS Trappean, 5 116 1 ... 3 2 3 3 ... lh (Shields ....... 6 4
943 CeIOBO 4 107 6 ... 21% 2 2 ... 2H4 H. Martin.... 2 3
.. Grandezia. 4 107 5 ... 13 11 ... 33 Thorpe 2 2
9-ni Pasha a.! 108 7 ... 5 2 4*4 ... 4 1 G. Wilson.... 100 100
* Talbot Clifton, a.. .105 3 ... 6 3 6 2 ... 6 2 Holmes 30 100
96S Zaraida. 4 106 1 ... 7h 820 ... 6 4 Ames 30 50
279 T- F 4 102 4 ... 4 h 5 2 ... 7 h Clawson ..... 10 10
503 Roy'Carruthers. 5..102 9 ... 810 7 1 ... ,8 40 | McDonald ... 10 20
914 Boreas. 6 115 1 ... 9 9 ... 9 Golden 100 100
_KH Millbrae. 4 11l « ... - [Piggott 3 7-2
• y,,.'t
Time, 1:02. Winner. 11. C. Ahlers' br. h. by imp. Inverness-imp. La Trappe. Good
start except Millbrae. Won first three driving. '■ ,
nnn SECOND RACE— and a half furlongs; selling; nfaidens three years old and
c/O.*>« upward; purse. $350.
Index! Horses! Weight. St. • %m. %m. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. |Op. Cl.
I ..,. j '. ' „
" 860 Amaca, 3 91 3 ... 12 13 13 13 McXlchols ... 8-5 8-5
SCO Poneo. 3 94; 1 ... 2% 22 22 2 1 Holmes 6. 20
9GO Gotlieb. 3 91 4 ... 3h 3332 32 Woods 4 3
959 Joe Mussle, 4 106 8 ... 6% 6 »4 44 45" Clawson ..... 8 8
046 Nllhau. 3 101 2 ... 4 2 4h 51 5 1 'McDonald ... 12 15
,'■,; Racio, 3 9115 ... 6h 6 ><• 6% 6h KJley 10 25
'jCO Km ma Rey, 8 19] 8 .... 9 7h 7 1 7 2 Beaton 20 100
•SCO Aprona. 3 89; 7 ... 72 82 82 82 Meany 10 10
BC6 Xuncomar. 4.... . . . 103. 9 ... 8 % 9 9 9 |Gouln „. 64
6 4
2 3
2 2
100 100
30 100
30 50
10 10
10 20
100 100
3 7-2
•
Time, 1:08%. Winner, Owen Bros.' b. g. by Captain Al-Lady Intruder.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Good start.
983.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, $3iO.
index.
■ ;
%m.
Str.
valonclenne. 3 10311 ... 1H 12 12 1 4 H. Martin.... | 6-2 3-2
Rebel .lack, 3 lOOi 7 ... 6 1 4 1 2 2 McDonald ... 10 12
967 Miss Rom. 5 l«7 I ... 3 2 3 2 3 2 31 Thorpe 6 10
Miss I.ynah. 5 103 13 ... 2 3 2 6 2 2 4h Clawson 4-5 3-2
Lllade, B 107(4 ... «2 7 6 2 5 2 Ames 4 10
86C Master Mariner, 3.. M\ 6 ... 44 4 1 6 1 6 3 R. Narvaez... 30 «0
> 1"2 .' ... 6 h 6M- 7 7 Enoa 20 60
1:14%. Winner, K. F. Fredrickson's eh. f. by St. Carlo-Mbbertinihl>*>t. Ot^jd start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
H. Martin....
McDonald ...
Thorpe
Clawson
Ames
R. Narvaez...
Enos
6-2
10
6
4-5
4
30
3-2
12
10
3-2
10
«0
QD/( FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; handicap; three-year-olds and up-
t/OT't ward; purse. $000.
:.iSt.
96S Giorian, 3 M I
947 FntiKuvannah, 3 M G
Ul4 Judgo I>enny. 6 101 I
944 Joe LJJlman, 4 no l
rady, 5 11l Z
:. 3 M 4
1 ns
3 4
4 h
2 1
5 2
6
1 1%
3
4 1
2 1
5 n
_8
1 %
3 1
2 1
4 ',4
5 1.
je
1 IV4
4 1
3 h
2 %
6
5 hi
1 V 4
2 1
4 1
3 %
1 n Woods
2 2 IClawson
3 4 111. Martin....
4 1 Clayton
5 2 Thorpe
6 McKlchols ...
10
8-5
*
3-2
5-2
5
8
5-2
•
2
7-2
7
.<] with Fonsorannah.
Tune, 1:47%. Winner, \V. B. Jennings & Co.'s tr. c. by Imp. Sir Modred-Gloraine. Good
start. Won first three driving.
QOK FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $400.
' Index! Horseß. Weight .]St7 Mm. 14m. %m. Str. Fin.
~97lT~Canax-e 100 4 ... 2Mi 11 lh In
■•« Sombre .......109 6 •■• 3 h 2 4 23 24
(924) Owyhee 108 2 ... 6 1 3 2 81; 3 1
f'C9 Milt Young 112 7 ... . 4 ',4 4% 4^ 4 2
Pl 6 Humidity 109 8 ... 7 1 5 1 5 1 f. h
Ml Bantello .............110 5 .... EH 72 60 6;,
S-33 Rainier .....10.-; 1 ... «• 8 73 7 4
948 Amoltopec lO.'ij 3 ... lh 6^B 8
11. Martin....
Clawson
IPlftCOtt |
6 7-2
6-5 11-3
! 12 15
- 5-2 2
■ 5-2 f.
].-. 60
15 60
20 300
Clayton i
Tl i
Thorpe i
YD T., . I ...
W. Taylor....
iAmn
Miller
Time . inner, N. S. Hall A Co.'s cm. f. by Imp. Creighton-Nellle Bell.
start. Won first three driving.
Fa i r
r\Ci£* SIXTH RACE— and an eighth miles: Belling; four-year-olds and upward;
«vOO» purse. ÜBO- \ - _____I___
"index. Horses! "Weight. |'St. Std! '/4m. Vim. %m. Str. Fin. ' Jockeys.- pp. Cl.
:-70 Thelma, a 7TT.T7lOfij I 13 1 2!* 1 IV4 114 Ml' IHi H. Martin.... i 8-5 . 2
i>7o San Marco, C 11316 5h f. 1 - \ S «,-i 2 114 2 2 2 3 Piwrott :;:;..;■ 2 5-2
{■62 Claudius, ■ 111,2 2 IV4 2 2Vi 4 1 3% 3 1 3Hi Hennessy .... 8 20
840 Treachery. 0 IOC I 5 3li 4 1 5 % 61 6tt 4 4 Thorpe c IS-:.
£C 2 Wawona, a 108 16 6 6 6 4% 53 Clawson 10 b
MO Del Paso 11. 5......1U 3 42 in 2h 414 6 C. Clayton ...... | 6 6
'.im.
8-5 2
2 n-2
8 20
6 IS-.".
10 »
6 6
Time, I:£6M.. Winner, J. Naglee Burke" s br. m. by Jpl
Won handily.
ihn Happy-Pansy.
Good start.
HE LONGS TO PACE A GUN-DECK ONCE MORE.
Bombardment of Matanzas Fires Sharkey With a Desire to Rejoin His Former Mates.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
THOMAS SHARKEY. pugilfst,
has lost interest in hia ap
proaching argument with James
Jeffries. Up to a couple of days
ago about all the strapping
heavyweight thoupht of was the trouble
he had on hand for next Fric--y night,
and his thoughts were concentrated on
the best means of disposing of his burly
opponent, but now all i changed.
To be sure he has no thought of back
ing down, nor is his confidence in his
ability to flr.ish the Los Ar.geleno
bhaken in the least. Question him on
GLORIAN WAS
OVERLOOKED
Landed Winner of the
Handicap by Woods
at Odds of 10 to 1.
The Speedy Canace Downed
Sombre in a Long Hard
Drive.
Valenclenne Had All Her Old Time
Spaed— Throe Events Went
to Favorites.
The "surprise" stable of W. B. Jen
nings & Co. sprung another one yester
day at Ingleside. It was the brown colt
| Glorian, which turned up winner of the
mile and a sixteenth handicap at odds
of 10 to 1. Johnny Woods had the leg
up and with 94 pounds to carry the 3
year-old made an end-to-end affair of
it. winning all out at wire a neck before
! Fonsovannah, with Dick Clawson in the
saddle. Joe Ullman, the 2-to-l favorite,
; looked dangerous to the stretch, gallop
■ ing along in second place, but when
j Clayton called on him he could not re
spond and fell back beaten.
The racing throughout was a shade
off color and the attendance was hardly
up to the average. Favorites were suc
cessful in three instances.
Trappean, a 5-to-l chance, downed a
band of "dogs" In the opening five fur
long scramble. Oeloso looked to have
the purse won at the paddock, when
ShielJs on Trappean came wi.h a rush,
beating the Baldwin filly a head. Gran
dezia, the favorite, with Thorpe up was
third.
The event following, a five and a
: half furlong sprint, was another sec
i ond-hand affair. Amasi was made fa
vorite and as non^i of 4 i-<e "crabs" be
hind him could raise a gallop won all
!by himself. Pongo, a 25-to-l chance,
1 took the place from Gotlieb.
In receipt of weight from the 3-year
' old Valencienne it looked as though
1 Miss Lynah could pull off the six fur
: long selling event and she opened up a
i 4-to-5 choice. The wise ones, however,
. got aboard Valencienne, forcing her
I odds down from 5 to 2 to 3 to 2, at which
price Miss Lynah also closed. It proved
the subject and he will promptly an
swer: "I think about ten rounds will
wind Jeffries up."
Then he resumes his preparatory
work with renewed energy, to the great
physical anguish of his four assistants,
but the fixed look tells that his
thoughts are far fro;n the roadside
house on the beach, that punching
bags, pulleys, boxing gloves and dumb
bells have no place in his mind.
For Sharkey has heard the roar of
guns and the shriek of shells at Ma
tanzas an'i hearing them he listens for
more music of the same kind.
While he is preparing to pummel a
fellow citizen — or get pummeled— brave
boys in blue are getting ready to wal
lop the Spaniards, and /hen he thinks
of this Sharkey wishes the whole thing
was over and that he was once more
on the gun deck of a man-of-war. Some
of the sailors in the fleet awaiting the
signal to bombard Havana were ship
mates of the pugilist once and Tom
frankly confesses that he would take
more pleasure in sharing with them the
prize money obtained from a Spanish
ship than in pocketing the purse hung
up for the v inner of next Friday's
event.
"Do I wish I was back in the ser
vice?" repeated Sharkey yesterday.
"You bet I do and if this scrap con
tinues I'll get there too. Only I shall
go East to enlist if I go back for I
wouldn't take chances on being tied
down to one of the ships 0:1 this coast.
If I go into the navy again it will be
to fight and not to be bottled up in this
port.
"Oh, it's all nonsense to talk about
those greasers whipping us in any kind
of a fight. I wouldn't want anything
better than to be one of the crew on
a gift for Valencienne, the filly gallop-
Ing away from the Jennings entry,
winning easily from Rebel Jack. Miss
Lynah was fourth behind Miss Ross.
Canaee, the shifty filly from the
stable of Nick Hall, took the six fur
long run for 2-year-olds in the gamest
possible manner from Sombre, the sec
ond choice. Taking the lead soon after
the start the winner was challenged by
Sombre in the run home and driving
hard from the furlong pole "Skeets"
Martin landed her winner from the Jen
nings entry n neck in 1:15)4. Owyhee
was third, a length in front of the fa
vorite. Milt Young.
Martin also piloted the winner of the
final race on the card, a mile and a fur
long run, dr-rided under selling condi
tions. He had the mount on Thelma,
the lukewarm choice, and keeping the
brown mare out in front all the way
downed San Marco over a length in
1:55^.
INGLESIDE STAKE TO-DAY.
Five Starters Will Face the Flag In
the Four-Mile Event.
The rich Ingleside Stake over four miles will
be the feature of the sport this afternoon. The |
field should furnish some rare guessing, as none
of the starters have eve"r been asked to go the
rout'-. Buckwa looks far and above the class
and should be able to win.
Eddie Ames, who piloted Montallade, was
susnomled. There was 7 to 1 offered in the
opening letting against the sprinter, and as his
preceding race, with Piggott up, when he fin
ished fourth, was an indifferent one, It looks
as though Holly's horse has simply gone stale. 1
At the conclusion of the racing the stewards
held a meeting, and Henry Mason, the trainer
of the fast colt Lobos, was reinstated. That ;
is, he can race at Ingleslde, but still remains
suspended at the track over the bay. Judge
Murphy demurred against the decision, think
ing Mnson deserving of punishment, but tue
majority rvled.
Miss Lyn&h pulled up bleeding slightly after
her 1:
Ingleslde track will nlso have Monday for a
racing day, the gate receipts being donated to [
the Balboa boulevard fund.
Oakland track %\ill reopen on Tuesday, the re- i
ceipts en that occasion being turned over to the |
San Francisco Polyclinic. Complimentary
badges on these dates Will not be honored.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Five-eighths of a mile; two-.year
olds; allowances.
982 Santello .........113 (961)Ach .............118
961) Master Lee .....113 (949)Obsldlan ........113
»4."> Mossbrae ... 113 .... Whaleback .....11;]
972 The Fretter .....106 : .
Second Three-quarters 'of a mile; sell
ing. ..■■...■; .■ ■.. ■...■■ .;:• :.-:.
(965) Loch Ness ......109 974 Attlcue 106
965 Break o" Day. ...107 ... Commission ....100
911 Rlcardo,.... 109 'M Zarro ...........109
977 Torpedo .........106 971 Walter J. 112
977 Nervoso ...;.. 10« 965 Imp. Mistral 11.115
978 Millbrae .........112 931 Fly 109
9. r is Stentor .. ....106 SC9 Mirambo ........112
f)7l Frank James ...1015 978 Grandezia ......104
955 Queen Nubia ...104 905 Tom Smith ...v.106
»78 Pasha ... — .:..109
• Third Race— Hurdle Handicap; over five hur
dles; one and three-elßhths miles.
975 Our Climate ....160 '957 George Palmer.. l3s
967 Gold Dust .......150 .932 Monlta 132
f!»7r.(Huntsman ;....'. .150 973 Esperance 12S
(957)Tortoni 1401 957 Eureka 125
869 Sylvester ........ 135| , . 
Fourth Race— The \ Ingleside - Stakes; '.; value,
|3600; four miles. : ....-,'
916 Sweet FaverdalellO | 916 Sir Dllke 1.......U4
914 "W'h. of Fortune. 114 821 Sharon Lass ....105
(970)Buckwa "..."...... 113 ■
one of our gunboats and go up against
the best ship in the Spanish navy.
Those fellows have a few good ships,
but they can't fight.
"There's no need of worrying about
any of our ships. The only thing that
troubles me is that Spain will quit be
fore -we have a chance to lick her as
she deserves for blowing up the Maine.
All our boys want is one chance at the
Spanish fleet, juat one, and after it is
all over I stand ready to eat all the
Spanish ships left above water and not
captured."
Then Sharkey went back to his rope
skipping and after a plunge in the surf i
got ready for supper. j
Fifth Race — Three-quarters of a mile; selling.
976 Ockturuck 1141 P. r .B Daisy F 112
966 Sadie Schwartz. ll2 950 Queen Blazes ..112
927 Little T G 112 966 San Antonio ...117
925 Charles Le Bel.. 119
Sixth Race— One mile; selling.
92S Coda 108 9SO Soscnl 93
976 Don Luis 91 (976)EIsmore 94
(960)J0e Levy 91 953 Del Paso II 113
953 Wawona 110 976 Watomba 89
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Mossbrae, Obsidian, Ach.
Second Race — Loch Ness, Imp. Mistral 11.
Queen Nubia.
Third Race — Our Climate, Huntsman, Monlta.
Fourth Race— Buckwa, Sharon Lass. Sir
Dllke.
Fifth Race— Daisy F, San Antonio, Charles
Le Bel.
Sixth Race — Don Luis, Elsmore, Watomba.
WINNERS AT THE EAST.
Goodrich Takes the Mississppi
Handicap at Memphis.
CINCINNATI. April 29.— Weather fine; track
fast. Six furlongs— Cymbel l ne won. El Are
second, T. F. Keeler third. Time, 1:16.
One mile, selling— Rida won, Tenpins second,
Spaldy II third. Time, 1:42%.
One mile, selling— Evanesea won, Rotha sec
ond. The Monon third. Time, 1:41%.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling-Elkin won,
Swordsman second, Charina third. Time,
1:48%.
Four furlongs— Hellobas won, Mcd Wllkes
second. Fine Resplce third. Time, :454.
One mll<\ selllne— Necklace won, Sir Fred
second, Mellle third. Time, 1:42^4.
MKMPHIS, April 29.— Results at Montgomery
Park: One mile, selling — Forget Not won
Schedule second. Wheaton third. Time 1:4314
K..ur and a half furlongs, selling— Red Pirate
won, Leo Stratus second. Lafayette third
Time, :57M-.
One mile, selling— Moncreith won. Ben Wad
dell second, Mystery third. Time 1-43%
One mile and a sixteenth, Mississippi han
dicap—Goodrich won, Fervor second, Buck Vl
dore third. Time, 1:49.
Five furlongs, allowance— Tom Collins won.
Harry I>ukc second, Horseshoe Tobacco third
Time, 1:02%.
Five furlongs, selling— Harry Floyd won.
Belle Ward second, Our Bishop third". Time,
NEW YORK, April 29.— Results at Aqueduct-
Six furlongs, selling— Marslan won, Braw Lad
second, Oharotus third. Time, 1:20
Four and a half furlongs— Diminutive won
Masco second, Amorita third. Time 59 3-5
About seven furlongs, selling— laen won Ma
ceo second, Alhamas third. Time, 1:31 2-5
One mile and forty yards, selling— Lucid won
Knight of the Garter second, King T third
Time, 1:51.
Five furlongs. Belling— Bessie Taylor won
Rhody Menla second, CamotoD third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling— Prince Auckland won,
Byron Crow second, Continental third. Time,
Extraordinary Sale of Vehicle 3.
The Columbus Buggry Company, 215
Market street, will move June 1 to thc>
corner of Main and Market, one-half
block from present location. We are
overstocked for a dry year and will
sell before removal about 200 late ele
gant styles at special bargains.
Full carload of fancy traps, 1898
styles, at factory prices for thirty days.
Large variety of other styles. Colum
bus Buggy Company, 215 Market street,
San Francisco. ♦
Another Marriage Annulment Suit.
Ida Constantine commenced suit yester-
day to secure an annulment of her mar
riage to George Constantine. She al
leges in her complaint that after their
marriage on January 14, 1593, she being at
that time only 13 years ot age, her hus
band attempted to force her to look for
employment in an underground resort.
When she refused to accede to his wishes
he left her and she has not since seen
him. She also asks to be granted per
mission to resume her maiden name, Ida
Archamba.uk.
MANHATTANS ENTERTAIN.
Bouts of a whirlwind nature were fur
nished to about 300 lovers of boxing last
evening by the Manhattan Athletic Club
in their rooms at 1745 Mission street. One
became so torrid that a police sergeant,
fearing a repetition of the Griffo-McCar
thy battle, ordered a halt in the middle
of the fourth round, just when the spec
tators were warming up to It.
After interesting preliminary three-
J round goes between Fred Schoenfeld and
1 J. L.ahey, Wood brothers, Gus Coster and
I Fred Muller, Joe Sullivan and Oscar Ilil
j ton, Yama and McDevltt, Ast and Magee
were disposed of, Young Muller, an elder
brother of the redoubtable Fred, and
Jack King, alias Roberts, entertained the
spectators with three rounds and a half
of arm swinging and ludicrous boxing.
The first round was filled in with long
distance sparring and grimaces, and the
second was a repetition of the first, with
the exception of a clean knockdown
I scored by King. In the third Brother
Fred tried to coach Brother Joe by mak
ing fistic motions, but it availed him not.
Early in the fourth King let out a kink
and swinging his right uppercut Muller
:in the eye, closing it. He then followed
1 him around the. ring administering blows
j which, had they landed, would have ended
! hostilities. It was then that the sergeant
; interfered and Keferee Wiggin awarded
j the decision to King.
Phil Green of Oakland (145) and Al Neu
! (145) were next to contest for supremacy
i but after four rounds of vicious fighting
I the bout was adjudged a draw. Green
was ovtr-anxlous and missed many heavy
i swings, while Neil, somewhat " cooler,
. awaited their coming, and would step in
; close and land. Both men fought evenly
\ and cleanly throughout the four rounds
; and their efforts were appreciated by the
i spectators.
It is expected that Matchmaker Mullei
will arrange a go between Lon Agnew and
Neil, to take place some time in May.
Season Tickets to Be Taken Up.
As the two rival baseball organizations
have combined, the management takes !
this means of announcing to its friends !
having season tickets that the same from :
both the Pacific States and California i
leagues will be honored at the game at !
Central Park on Sunday and then taken
up. A new ticket will be issued early next
week and given instead of the old one to
those entitled to the same.
First photographs of the recent
eclipse in India taken by members of
the Chabot Observatory, in next Sun
day's Call.
Convicted of Larceny.
John Murphy was convicted in Judge j
Cook's court yesterday on a charge of j
having stolen ?CSO from Michael Crowley. i
REDS INCREASE
THEIR LEAD
Pittsburg Outplayed at
Every Point by Cin
cinnati.
%
Bean-Eaters Win From Wash
ington by Superior
Batting.
Chicago Makes a Show of Louisville
and Cleveland Defeats the
■ .•;..; Browns.
Special DisDatch to The Call.
■
PITTSBURG, April 29.— The Reds put
ip a brilliant game to-day and outplayed
:he Pirates at every point. Attendance
1200. Score:
R H 5C
3 ittsburg 2* 12 6
Cincinnati *.. 5 7 1
Batteries— Killen and Schriwer: Hawley and
?eitz. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
WASHINGTON, April 29.— Boston won
>y superior batting and Washington's er
rors. Attendance 800. Score:
' Z . R. H. E.
Washington 4 10 3
ioston ...H 14 j
Batteries— Weyhing and JlcGuire; Willis and
f eager. Umpire — Snyder.
CHICAGO, April 29.— Louisville could
lot play ball to-day and the opening
ramo in Chicago was a walkover for the
lome club. Attendance 9000. Score:
 . R. H. E.
Chicago 16 is 1
joulsvilla 2 6 8
Batteries— Griffith, Donahue and Chance;
=Yazer and Wilson. Umpires— and
leydler.
CLEVELAND, April 29.— Had It not
>een for errors by McKean and Chllda
st. Louis would have been shut out with
>ut a run to-day. Attendance 700.
Score:
 , , R. H. E.
leveland 6 13 2
it. Louis 2 3 0
Batteries— Young and O'Connor: Carsey. Dan
els and Sugden. Umpires— McDonald and
Day. _ i :-'■
NEW YORK, April 29.—Brookiyn-Phila
lelphia no game; wet grounds.
Olympic Wheelmen Challenged.
The Reno Wheelmen have challenged
the Olympic Club Wheelmen to a fifty
mile relay race, teams of ten men to
each club, each man to ride five miles,
to take place at Reno late in May. The
Olympics have accepted, and ex-Captain
Hadenfeldt is getting up a party fj at
tend the event. The crowd will leave
here Saturday night, the race will be
Sunday morning, and they will get back
early Monday.
The Vallejo track meet scheduled for
Decoration Day, May 30, has been in
definitely postponed, owing to the war
preparations at Mare Island.
At Elmhurst to-morrow there will be a
two-mile amateur handicap and a ball
game between the Elmhurst and Mount
Eden nines.
James Joyce Jr., the chalnless wheel
impressario, who made an extended stay
here three years ago, will arrive here on
Wednesday, May 4, for a week's visit.
R. C. Lennie has gone north and will
not be baok until early in June.
Owing to the abandonment of the San
Rafael rose carnival, the cycling meet to
have been held in conjunction therewith
has also been given up.
Alameda will provide almost its entire
force of policemen for the finish of the
relay race.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen, having
recently acquired E. A. Bozio of the Im
perial Chi)), will send him af* — ** - "— —
and ten mile records from Fr.
Haywards shortly after the relax .
before joining the Olympics, offer*
self to the Bay City Wheelmen i.-s
initiation and monthly dues would '. . re
mitted. hut the dub declined the propo-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is the world's only perfect and
Non-Intoxicating Malt Extract
Invaluable to Nursing
Mothers.
It makes the nursing baby grow,
If mamma drinks it oft, you know.
All druggists.
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS.. U.S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers,
416-4 IS Sacrament* St,
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
: Diseases, even In their most aggravated forma.
WRITE if you cannot call.
CONSULTATION FKEE and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free.
F.L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, CaL
ill A PERMANENT CURE I
j 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea c
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
1 c days ;no other treatment required. 5
5 Bold by all druggists. 5
W. T. HESS,
NOTAHY PUBLIC AND ATTOSNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreekels Bids.
'-'■■■ Telephone Brown 931.
! Residence, 821 California street, below Powell.
i San Francisco. ;
910
CHAMPION DOGS
WILL RUN
THIS AFTERNOON
Tho greatest coursing events of tho
season will be hold to-day at Union and
Ingleside Coursing parks. At the Union
the fastest dogs In the State have been
entered for tho championship stake, and
as they are all prize winners it would be
difficult to even hazard a guess as to the
probable winners.
Although coursing has prevailed on the
coast for many years the sport, as it is
now conducted by the two parks, practi
cally dates from the opening of Ingle-
Bide Coursing Park.
In years past the leashmen met at New
ark, at Ocean View and near Colma,
Many good dogs were then owned in the
State and not a few of the game old per
formers have left behind records that yet
live and by the owners of such are yet
referred to proudly. But the sport In
those days long gone was not always
what It has now become. The decisions
of the various judges were often ques
tioned. Dosing and "doping 'of candi
dates were then openly alleged. The ac-
commodations were poor. The sport was
not one catering to the attendance of
ladies. The prizes were small. And
when a prize had been won there some
times yet remained tho more important
matter of its collection.
Two years ago M. J. Donovan and Jack
Dalton entered into a and
opened the present coursing grounds at
Ingleside. The park was opened on May
3, 1896. Mr. Dalton was called to the great
majority only nine months later, but the
park, still owned jointly by his widow
and Mr. Donovan, and managed by the
latter, has elevated coursing to a plane
that In many ways is only equaled by
horse racing and in many other ways sur
passes the "sport of kings."
At the outset It was announced that
the racing must be absolutely without
taint ot fraud, that the accommodations
afforded and conduct maintained must be
such as to render the sport a pleasure
to even the most fastidious of both sexes,
and that tho prizes must be sufficiently
liberal to encourage the propagation of
the best stock in tne world. These rules
are yet maintained and no departure
therefrom has ever been permitted.
The Interstate Coursing Club of Cali
fornia was organized, embracing in its
membership the representative leashmen
of the State, and under its rules and reg
ulations has the park ever since been con
ducted.
Any attempt at fraud has Invariably
resulted in a prompt suppression of the
delinquent, ana If on investigation so or
dered by the club any one has been found
guilty of questionable practices his ruling
off tor life and the ruling off of his dogs
has always followed, no matter who the
offender might be.
The prizes hung up at the outset were
largely in excess of those previously ob
taining, and they have been constantly
Increased, until this week— the second
birthday of the park— the twenty-four
dogs will divide no less than ii-l-iv, the
winner alone receiving 5500.
All this has very naturaJly resulted In
the acquirement and breeding of remark
ably high-class stock. A list of the grace
ful longtails that have pulled down goodly
prizes during the two short years would
demand too much space. Many of the
old-timers have earned a trip around the
•world. Many new ones have sprung into
fame and annexed purses previously un
heard of in America.
Looking back over the meetings, the
Dean kennel looms most prominently to
the front. Dean has a quartet—Moon
dyne, Mialmo, Connemara and Gladiator—
that have won in prize money something
like a kings ransom. During the past
Six months at Ingleside they have won
JIU'A 1 , besides which Mialmo won the big
ifloou stake at Merced,
The Curtis stable showed up some re
markable youngsters about a year ago.
In June, July and August Cavalier and
Rosette took both fust and second money
In the sapling and puppy stakes wherein
they were entered. Rosette and Maud S
(another <if the same, litter,) did the sajnu
trick on Admission day, and Cavalier, yet
v puppy, wflu out the old dog event on
September 12. Maud S won the puppy
event on September 26, with Rosette third.
Rosette tOOK the Old dog stake October 10
and HI, ajid on the latter day Maud S was
■ I in the puppy scramble. Rosette
divided first and second with her kennel
mate in the old dog event December 26.
and Rosette pulled down like contests on
January 23 and February 0.
Lowe & Thompson's kennels have
loomed to the front of late, but the work
of Patriu and Victor is frt-ah in the minds
of all.
Magnet was a money-getter from the
opening of the park until last August,
and during that period was deemed very
near invincible. Since then he has seemed
to go back, but in his day won thousands.
Skyball, the speediest of them all In his
time, is now In the stud, with a long and
valuable list of brackets to his credit.
• The roll of honor shows hundreds won
by the foregoing and by Flashlight
.Jester, Firm Friend, Eldredge. Tipperary
Lass, Seminole, Royal Buck, Flying Buck,
Laurelwood, Leonora, Princess Marie,
Kelly B, Eclipse, Diana, Zoe, Sweet Lips,
Kight Bower, Theron, White Chief, Tessie
Fair, Granuale, White Lily, Sunol, Sar
castic, Bonita, Snowbird, St. Alecia, Di
ana, Black Prince, Myrtle, Koolawn,
Susie, Lady Campbell, Bend Along, St.
Lawrence, Swinnerton, Forget, Vida
Shaw, Move On, Tod Sloan, Occidental,
Mohawk, Old Glory, Glenroy, Van Nida,
Mystic Maid, Magic, Pat Molloy, Ruby,
West Side, Pretender, Coralie. Terrona,
Firenzi, Log Boy, Senorita, Systematic,
Little Dell, Wayfarer, Rusty Gold, War
ratah, Fireball, Sylvia, Sinaloa, (Jueen B,
Emerald, Emm Pasha, St. Cloud, Daisy,
Port Costa, Tipperary, Skyrocket, Valley
Queen, Valley Maid, Bill Nye, Captain
Worse. There are others that doubtless
deserve mention, but these have been
at the top notch at times since Ingleslde
Park opened, and an enumeration of all
the candidates that have essayed honor
on the award would read like "a city di
rectory.
The Union Coursing Park, which is pos
sibly one of the greatest of its kind
in America or England, is only a few
months old, but since its Inauguration it
has made wonderful strides in gaining the
support and well wishes of all sportsmen
who take an active interest in coursing.
Judging by the enthusiasm manifested
by its patrons, it is safe to say that
Union Park is here to stay, and it goes
without saying that under the present
management leashmen can safely count
upon a fair field and no favor while the
grand old sport has a following in this
great Western State.
The prizes that have been paid to the
owners of the winning greyhounds since
Union Park opened its gates to pleasure
hunters are truly liberal.
As an illustration of what coursing is
to-day and the money that has been cap
tured by leashmen who are the fortunate
owners of fast dogs, the following table,
kindly furnished The Call by the park
management will attest:
Result of coursing meetings at T'nion Park
from February 27 to April 10 inclusive, seven
meetings in all:
Distributed in Prizes— February 27 $1980-
March 6, $747 50; March 12. 1842 56; March 2o'
$750; March 27, |7M; April 3, $800; April 10
$805: total, J6T.20.
Principal winners arranged according to siren:
Emm Pasha— Rosette, SBM GO; Cavalier $347 50-
Thenm, $1VO; Uwn Valley Maid, $15450- Mc-
Ktnley, $30; Forget. US; The Turk. $10; Sans
Bouci, $5: total, $1334 80. Lord Clifton—Conne
mara. $630; Blackette, $55; Tod Sloan $55- Com
modore, $32 CO; Nellie B, $25; Tessie Fair $s
total, $802 GO. Moondyne— Susie. $527 50; Moon
dyne 11, $60; total, $557 50. Sir Hankey— For
Freedom, $435. Waratah— Kclipse, $215; Arrow
$30; Camilla, $20; Herculm. $5; total, $270*
Border Ruffian— Terrona. $245. Sunol— Palmer
Hill, J127 BO; Pastime, $50; Sunbeam $!.">; Royal
Oak, $15; total, $237 50. Dan B— Lissak, $220.
Jack Douglas— Master Jack, $175; Minerva, $15;
total, $190. Glenkirk— Mountain B^autv. $:« B0;
Chartist, $55; Carmen. $30; Fear Not, $5; total,
$IS3 50. Major— Santa Aleeia. $75; Douglas
$32 B0; Sweet Lips, $30; Alameda, $15; Arapahoe'
$12 50; total, $165. Royal Crest — Flying
Buck. $125; Kocklln Belle, $22 50; Koval
Buck. $5: total, $152 50. Sen Pedro—
Bonita, $137 50; Handy Andy, $7 50; total, $145
Laughed At— Rusty Gold, $132. Captain Morse
—Magnet, $llfi. Skyrocket— One Spot. $86.
Boom* rang— Blackstone. $7.'. Morning— White
Chlrf, $70. Little Willie— Gallagher. $C» 50 Sky
Ball— Move On. $65. Dan O'Connell— Electric,
JO:.. WewUlim Finn Friend, $62 50. Said
Pa»hn O'Qrady, $60. Ixird N'eversettle — Patria.
B7; l'rettnider. $20; Van Cloie, $12 50; total
|i»9 50. Fitz Pife— Fal?e Flatterer, $50- Chit
Chat. $.">; total. $;'.5. Jim O1O 1 Hill— Jester $42 50-
Mercy May, $12 50; total, $SS. Coon— Promise
Me, $".",. Iylvlngston— Waratah, $55. Miller's
Rab. $42 50; Bubazoon, $37 50; Prince Charlie
$30; Peacemaker, $25; Astronomy, $25; Sorrento'
$22 K>; Flying Buck, $22 HO; St. Lawrence, $20 :
I'tttlf Corporal, $20; Daune, $20; Stranger $15-
Major GMndyne. $16; Sculptor, $13 60- Hark
away, $10; Dwfihawny, $7 50; Chief, $5; Royal
Stag. ?5; Glenade, $5.
Amounts won ljy doscendante of a few of
tlie most prominent brood bitches: Rockette
$1237 50; Daisy 11. $1012 50; Teresa Jr., $587 50 :
Flitting Far. $»35; Diana, $245; Queen Bess
$220; Twilight. f220; Mollle H, |175; Bculptrese'
♦176; Daisy limp.), $16*. v '
d
CHAMPIONS ON
TRACK
AND FIELD.
This afternoon at the Olympic Club
grounds the Pacific Association of the
Amateur Athletic Union will try its met
tle on the track and field. Since the
memorable field day in the spring of 1*92,
when the Olympic Club athletes suc
cumbed for the first time to the men from
Berkeley, the Pacific Association has
been powerless to enlist teams from the
colleges and athletic clubs for a general
field day. Once again the association has
heaved itself out of a sea of inaction, and
the programme arranged for this after
noon contains the tlower and essence of
the athletic species centered around San
Francisco.
The entries are extremely numerous.
There are over 100 entries of fir.st-class
j material, some from the preparatory
J schools, but most of them from tho col
| leges. It will be a contest, in certain re
i spects, of the very young man against
1 the young man. Athletes whose gristle
has not yet hardened into bone will toss
the hammer and run races with men who
have earned for themelves records and
i laurel wreaths on the field and track. The
preparatory school athlete is carefully
j watched by the university man, for it is
; he who will help form the college team in
' the near future.
The majority of the entries are from
' the two universities, though the Amateur
! Athletic League will send a large quota.
j Perhaps the A. A. L. athletes are tho
most enthusiastic of all. The first oppor
tunity to meet the college men on an
equal footing is sure not to be neglected.
' Already they are scheming how to free/.,;
out some of the college men with reputa
tions as long as a hoe-handle. Stanford's
! and California's teams laugh derisively
jat the hopes and expectations of the
I "prep," thinking his chance to be solely
] one of mind. It is lmrdly probable that
i any first place will be captured by any
i A. A. L. entry, but there will be a few
I seconds and thirds on their list.
In the 100-yard sprint three athletes of
• recognized ability will toe the scratch.
Abadie, Drum and Broughton are all
fleet-footed sprinters. Just what Abadie
will do when opposed to seasoned run-
I ners like Drum and Broughton is doubt
< ful. There are some who proclaim him
I the prospective winner. If so the time
! will be close to ten seconds, for Drum is
| a mercury on the cinders. Broughton is
I another short-distance runner of great
PROMINENT COURSING MEN OF THE STATE.
speed. The same conditions underlie the
220 and 440, all of which should be close
and interesting races.
In the long-distance events the best
talent of the State will enter. Smith of
Stanford, who ran the mile in 4 mm. 38 2-5
sec. last Saturday in the intercollegiate
games, will try for a new record. He will
have such men as Walker, Carpenter and
Jackson to tight against. This should be
one of the prettiest races of the day.
Both hurdles will probably go to Mor
gan of Stanford. His strongest opponent
is Dawson, who is hardly equal to the
performance of Morgan. A brace of
A. A. L. entries in both hurdle races will
show just how the "prep" stick-jumper
compares with the matured hurdler.
The field events promise some good
sport. In the hammer throw Bob Ed
gren, the erstwhile champion, will ap
pear. Edgren has returned fresh from
Eastern athletic successes. Plaw, an A.
A. 1,, man, and Guiberson of California
will be Edgren's strongest competitors.
A long list of names are entered in the
shot-put. The other field events show
good and plentiful material.
The games will begin sharply at 2
o'clock. John Elliott will referee. Wal
ter Scott will hold the starter's pistol,
and many of the now retired but once
famous athletes of the coast will judge
and time the events.
SWIMMING RACES
AT SUTRO BATHS
The Sutro Baths management has ar
ranged an excellent aquatic programme
for to-morrow. Judging by the list of
entries some exciting races will result.
They are as follows:
50-yard race, class D— Joe Watson, unat
tached; W\ Kent. I. S. C; A. Keebach. P. S.
C. : F. Cloueh, C. A. S. C.
75-yard race, class C— D. Carroll, C. A. S. C. ;
W. Welsh, unattached; J. Hodley, unattached;
W. Kent. P. S. C.
100-yard race, class B— J. Antona, unattached;
H. Donovan, P. S. C. ; I). Carroll, C. A. S. C. ;
W. Washburn, I. S. C.
Trlok and fancy diving (springboard), class
C— F. Clough. C. A. S. C; H. Durrant, C. A.
S. C. ; T. Seebach, unattached; T. Bieelow
P. S. C.
120-yard (hurdle) race, professionals, open to
all— A. J. Baker, O. A. C. ; Otto Schulte, C. A
S. C; R. B. Cornell, C. A. S. C; F. Green,
unattached.
High diving, class B— George Alfritz. unat
tached; B. Morton, P. S. C. ; D. Carroll. C A
5. C; D. Donovan. P. S.
Trapeze diving, professionals, open to all-
Otto Schulte, C. A. S. C; R. 15. Cornell. C A
6. C; A. J. Baker, O. A. C. ; Fred Green, un
attached.
Bead about Famous Bombardments
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
ROWING CLUBS
READY
FOR A START
The South End Rowing Club regatta
takes place to-morrow on the course in
front of the clubhouse. The first race will
start at 11 o'clock a. m. The officers In
charge of the regatta are as follows: T.
F. Bonnet, referee; John L. Herget, start
er; William Rickards, Emil Somps and
Charles Long, judges; James C. Nealon,
Dan Dougherty and William J. O'Brien,
timers. For the junior outrigger skiff
race the following entries have been
made: James Paiias, Joseph Lyons, Mat
Breen and Tom Shortall of the South End
Rowing Club; W. O. Patch of the Dolphin
Swimming and Boating Club, and James
O'Connell of the Ariel Rowing Club. Dr.
C. C. Dennis and Len Hausler are entered
for the Benlor shell rare. A. J. Fritz will
engage in a Bpedal half-mile spurt with
Frank Duplissea. In the junior shell race
Janu-s Foley will be pitted against Robert
Mi Arthur. The following crews are en
tered for the senior four oared barge race:
1 The "Midgets"— F. Duplissea, stroke: G.
Carson, afterwalst; R. McArthur, for
wardwajst; H. Bode, bow, and George
McGrill, cockswain. 2. "Volunteer" crew
— E. Scully, stroke; Len Hausler, after
waist; Mat Breen, torwardwalst; James
Pallas, bow, and "Little Sammy," cock-
BWain. For the intermediate barge r;cce
the "Irish" crew and the Champions are
entered. The "Irish" crew consists of \V.
Duplissea, str..k<-; Tom Lynch, after
waist; George Hates, forward waist; Tom
Lynch, bow, and George McGrlll, cock
swain. The Champion crew consists of
Joseph Lyons, stroke; J. Bogan. after
waist; A. McOeorge, forwardwaist; Tom
Shortall. bow. and "Little Sammy," cock
swain. The following three crews are en
tered for the junior barge rac-e: 1. Wil
liam Harry, stroke; Charles Jenkins, aft
erwaist; T. I. Fitzpatrick, forwardwaist;
William Fox, bow, itnd "Doc" Flynn,
cockswain. 2. James Feehsn, stroke;
Kmil Blumlein, afterwaist; C. Creighton,
forwardwaist: C. Scully, bow. and George
McGrlll, cockswain. 3. H. Hawkins,
stroke; William Mead, afterwaist; Frank
Mayo, forwardwaist; Frank Tobln, bow,
ami "Little Sammy," cockswain. The
Alameda Boat <'lub is invited to send its
si-nior barge crew, and the Ariel and
Dolphin clubs are requested to send their
junior barge crews, to the regatta.
The Ariel Rowing Club regatta will
take place on Sunday, May 15. Daniel
O'Connell is out daily !n a skiff, and will
enter the junior skiff class, as also will
Albert Carroll. The following crew has
begun to practice together again and will
probably enter the club regatta as inter
mediates: N. J. Prendergast, stroke; J.
R. Bookman, afterwaist; A. Racouillet,
forwardwaist, and Johnson Hardy, bow.
Frank Wilson, who was junior skiff
champion last season, has been sculling
for two months, and w'lll enter the senior
class this season. He is being coached by
Leander Stevenson.
H. A. Pless and D. J. Sheehan go out
In a pair oar shell, and will race against
a skiff man. A. O. Paul and McAusland
will take up sculling again. G. W. Phe
lan is the owner of a very light skiff,
which he tried once last year in a race.
He thinks that she will be very fast in
smooth water.
The six-oared pleasure barge of the
Dolphin Club will carry a party to the
South End Club regatta on Sunday.
Four new members have joined the
Olympic Boat Club. Three or four crews
went out on Sunday in the four-oared
barge, one of them being made up of G.
Bush, O. W. Davis, Pockwltz and George
Bowman.
The Alameda Boat Club held a very
successful opening regatta on Sunday,
and christened their new barge. Among
the visitors were Admiral A. W. yon
Schmidt, Mr. Mackay of the Valley Rail
road. Captain H. H. Haight of the Co
lumbia Rowing Club, James Hopper and
William McCue of the University of Cal
ifornia B Club, and Leander Stevenson of
the Ariel Rowing Club.
LAST OP THE SPRING
COLLEGE MATCHES
This afternoon at Central Park the
baseball teams of Stanford and California
will face each other for the third game of
the rubber. With one game apiece, the
final promises to be especially exciting.
This match to-day will be the last inter
collegiate athletic engagement of any kind
until the football elevens line up for the
annual game on Thanksgiving day.
The teams will be constituted as fol
lows:
Stanford. Positions. California.
Beckett Pitcher Kaarsberg
Strohn Catcher Mien
Young First base Bride
Harris Second base McLaren
Klauber Third base McCabe
Loughead Shortstop Baer
Swindells Right field Collins
Wighth t Center Hoag
Murphy Left Cheesoborougn
■ m «
"How to bucceed as a Journalist,"
by one of the greatest newspapermen
in the country; in next Sunday's
Call.
HEAVY-WEIGHTS
ANXIOUS
TO BOMBARD
"Well, who do you think will win the
big fight on Friday evening?"
This query Is asked by large numbers of
people, who are seemingly very much in
terested in the result of the great twenty
round fistic argument between the bold
sailor lad, Tom Sharkey, and the big and
powerful heavy-weight, J,im Jeffries.
It is very safe to say that the prognos
tioatore who can call the winner and will
play the game heavily will reap a rich
harvest of golden dollars, as the betting
gives promise of being extremely spirited.
Even money is now offered, and the pool
rooms are well supplied with coin, which
will be placed either way— take your
choice.
As to which of the great fistic punchers
will carry off the long end of the percent
age is a puzzle that is now bothering the
thinking-boxes of the wisest of the wise
sports.
The men who are sanguine of Jeffries'
success contend that the representative
from the orange groves Is the equal of his
opponent in boxing, ran hit a more, power
ful blow and is not so apt as the sailor
to shoot wide of his mark. Apart from !
this, they contend that Jeffries' great
weight, which will give him a handicap i
of at least thirty pounds over Sharkey,
and also the inches he will have in height,
Bhould prove a great advantage in his
favor.
Tom Sayers, who in his day was ad
mlred by the folowers of the prize ring
as being not only a wonderful master of
the game, but a man also of extraordi
narily ke*n judgment, <>!!<•»■ s;il<i that in
his opinion a prize-lighter who scaled
more than 175 pounds when in condition
and who In stature exceeded 5 feet 10
inches would never capture a champion-
ship.
But in the days of Sa.yprs and Heenan
the Queensberry rules seldom governed
a pugilistic contest. It was London prizo
ring rules that held sway in the days
when men fought to a finish on the turf
for amounts ranging in value from £50
($250) to £100 ($S0o».
The offer of a $5000 purse would simply
mesmerize any of the champion pugilists
of fifty years ago, who thought that the
capture of 100 guineas was something a
pugilist could feel deservedly proud of.
But what a change has occurred in the
interest of the game in the past ten years!
It was the old California Athietlc Club
of this city that started the boom in
purses, and competition since then has
raised the price until now a first-class
"scrapper" can command more money
than a large number of first-class actors.
The fact of the matter is that the people
want the game, and they will pay lib
erally to see a first-class iistic bombard
ment between two heavy-weight cannon
aders.
The sports of this city -tan rest satisfied
that they will have "a run for their
money" when Jeffries and Sharkey meet
in a twenty-four foot ring.
The contest promises to be exceedingly
Interesting while It will la*t. Sharkey in
tends to cut out a fast pace from the
clash of the gong. His backers say he
will win within three rounds. They llgure
this way: Sharkey has a better record
than Jeffries. He hns proved by his fights
with Choynskl that he can do greater
execution in a shorter space of time than
can the man from Los Angeles. He is
quicker on his pins, can hit a more wicked
blow and, above all, he is game to the
core and will not wince until knocked
completely out.
The sailor's supporters are of the opinion
that good money should always be placed
on the gamest man— and there you are.
A MIXED DOUBLES
TENNIS TOURNAMENT
The formation of a mixed doubles tour
nament is now agitating the minds of
the lady tennis players of the California
Tennis Club. It is intended to have a
mixed doubles tournament played on
Wednesday next, if plans can be perfected
in time. The young ladies, in leapyear
like fashion, are given the privilege of
choosing their partners. Therfe will be a
rush for the best dancers of the court as
soon as the entries are opened.
Doubles tournaments will be in order
during the month of May. The three bay
town clubs will be brought in closer t6uch
by interclub matches, a new innovation
in tennis affairs. On Decoration day the
Alameda club will hold an invitation
doubles, each club sending three teams to
compete for championship prizes. Fol
lowing this tournament there will be an
interclub tournament in singles and
doubles, to be played at the California
club courts.
Not very much activity marked the
work of the week in the California club
courts. Joe Daily beat Rob Whitney, 4— €,
6—2, 6—o. Stauf beat O'Connor 6—4
Stauf and Kr-llog defeated Hamilton and
Yale, 6-2. Yale defeated Hamilton, 6-4,
6—l. Blive, in a series of matches with
Root, has been treating the latter to a
dose of aggravated defeats. Weihe de
feated Hoffman in three straight sets.
OFFICIALS AND
RIDERS
OF RELAY RACE
In cycling club circles the principal
topic of conversation is the annual 100
mile relay race around the bay, which
will take place this year on Sunday, May
8. It is now definitely known that but
five clubs will enter teams— the Olympic
Club Wheelmen and Bay City Wheelmen
of this city, Reliance and Acme Club
Wheelmen of Oakland, and the Garden
City Wheelmen of San Jose.
The Olympic team will probably be
made up from among the following:
Wing, Fuller, Stanley, Kingsley, Bean,
Cook, Kroetz, Tantau, Dell, Kragness
and Bozio, though the latter will be pro
tested if he rides.
The Bay Citys lost one of their best
men this week, when Emll Languetin
fell from his wheel while training and
sustained such severe bruises that he
may never be able to ride again. The
Davidson brothers, Black brothers, Men
ne, Raynaud, Ben Noonan, George Felix
and one or two uncertain ones to be
chosen after a tryout to-morrow at San
Leandro will make up the team. As
usual, the Bay Citys have something up
th<-ir sleeve, to play at the last moment.
The Reliance will turn up strong with
Deacon, Bacon, Rosenheim, Gooch, Poole,
Valentine, Mosher and Hayselden. They
lost a good man when Wyman was sus
pended this week, but altogether will put
up ;i stronger ten men than ever before
in the race.
Th Acmes never Intended to put in
Howard Squires, so his suspension does
not affect them. The Ferris suspended
la Joe Ferris, not George, so this does
not bother them either. A tryout will be
held to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock
from Fruitvale to liaywards. It will be
a ten-mile scratch race, with the follow
ing starters: Staples, E. J. Smith. A. T.
Smith, Schleuter, Bolte, Burke, McDou
gall, Hanlin, George Ferris, Young and
GalLndo. From tnese the team will be
picked, plus a possible addition from the
south.
The Garden City Wheelmen team is
about completed. Ted Belloli. Schnitz
pan, K. Bridgeman, Tony Delmas, Har
<!> ntirook, Julius Smith. «^uimby and
Thorn make eight of the number. "Bunt"
Smith was also chosen, but transgressed
the O. A. C. C. rules and Is suspended.
The other two will not be known until
Thursday, on which day at 12 o'clock
noon all entries must be in the hands of
Chairman Myrick of the road racing com
mittee.
The following have been appointed of
ficials for the relay race Sunday week:
Referee— Charles Albert Adams, O. C. W.
Starter— John F. McGlynn, O. C. W. Clerk of
course— J. F. Hancock, B. C. W. Judges at
finish— A. P. Swain, Acme: Theodore C. Dodge,
a C. \V. ; A. Hostetter, G. C. W. ; J. W. Mul
len. O. C. W. : T. Flanagan, Pathfinder; E. B.
Jerome, Reliance. Scorers — Herbert D. Clark,
Kncinel; Herbert Reea and S. G. Scovern, C. A.
C. C. Timers— J. T. Bailey, T. V. C. ; H. D.
Hadenfeldt. O. C. W. ; J. S. Lewis, S. F. R. C. ;
K. W. Sharpe, Acame; George P. Wetmore, B.
C. W. Chief umpire— Henry F. "Wynne, C. C.
C. Chief marshal— J. P. Thorn, G. C. W. As
sistant marshals— John Bird, Acme; George E.
Plxon. B. C. W.; M. E. Galnes, Enclnal; J. J.
O'Malley, S. F. R. C.» Gus Rosburg, B. C. W. ;
T. J. Winslow, I. C. C. Mounted marshals— A.
H. Landsberger, F. A. Marriott. Road racing
and records committee — Chester S. Mvrick, O.
('. W.; .T. S. Shedd, Acme; Theodore C. Dodge,
B. C. W. San Jose representative— C. J. Bel
loll, T. V. C.
In response to a request from the chair
man of the road racing committee, each
club entering a team In the race has
named ten men who will act as judges
and timers for their respective clubs, at
the finish of each relay. The following
are the selections of the clubs, the men
being named in the order in which they
will serve, from the first to the tenth
relays:
Bay City Wheelmen— Thedore C. Dodge, R.
A. Cunha, Walter D. Sheldon, George FVls
bee, K. S. Battles, Harry Larkin, A. Prince
Rhys. H. T. Emory, Byron D. Bent, J. M.
Mendel and Theodore C. Dodge.
Garden City Wheelmen — Alvin Hostetter, J.
B. Lamkin, R. J. Butler, Albert Hubbard, Har
low Ayers, Mercury Smith, H. L. Miller, S.
Kittrlilee, A. S. Hall, George E. Owen, Alvin
Hostetter.
Olympic Club Wheelmen— T. G. Spilane, F
G. Montealeagre, R. C. Hahn, H. B. Rusa. H
O. Raynor, Robert R. Russ, H. W. Tuckey,
John Elliott, Frank W. Fuller and J. W. Mul
len.
Reliance Club Wheelmen — James .Tellet. E. P.
BajrKot. a. F. Cornwall, Charles Lefevre, Burt
Burrell. R. T. McKissk-k. Ray Smith Jr., Rob
ert Kldpr. Jack Pfusch and B. B. Jerome.
Acme Club Wheelmen— C. S. Hannon, John
Kitchen Jr., Paul Carroll, T. D. Whitman, J. J.
Allen. A. L. McDowell. C. B. Shear, R. Tutt,
C. B. Shear and A. P. Swain.
The Encinal Cyclers of Alameda will
hold a five-mile handicap road race from
San Ijcandro to Haywards to-morrow af
ternoon at 2 o'clock. The following will
be the starters: G. D. Morse, P. N.
Thomas, J. Hurley, A. T. Smith, C.
Brown, D. Meserole. W. N. Ramsay, C.
A. Fortner, W. Thompson, A. L. ' Esta
brook, J. H. Jursowitz, L. A. Hagy, G.
Muther, H. O. Tenney, M". G. Curtis, H.
D. Clark, H. P. Hansen, C. Hopkins,
George Whitney, Paul Barnum, Harry
Ross, T. Sherman, P. H. Spreckels and
C. Cumming. H. W. SPALDING.
About one-third of the streets of
Paris are ornamented with trees.
OPENING DAY
OF THE
CORINTHIANS
At 1:15 p. m to-day the thirteenth open
ing day of the Corinthian Yacht Club will
be announced by the firing of a cannon at
the clubhouse. The yachts anchored in front
of the clubhouse will be gayly decorated
with flags and ready to receive visitors.
There will be songs, aquatic events and
refreshments, and a band will furnish
music for dancing. The reception com
mittee consists of Commodore Carl
Westerfeld, Vice Commodore Andrew
Thorne, Secretary E. B. Lathrop, Port
Captain J. H. Keefe, C. 1,. Barrett, O.
Eastwood and F. E. Schober. The floor
manager is E. S. Emmons, and the floor
committee consists of the floor manager,
J. M. Mattoon, W. P. Humphreys Jr.,
John Short, D. Erskine and R. J. Breitz
mann Jr.
At 7 o'clock a Corinthian dinner will
be ready for the members and invited
visitors. This will be followed by the
jinks, which is pror.iised to be the best i
evening's entertainment ever given by the
club. Owing to the smallness of the
club premises, the club has not been able
to issue general invitations to the yachts
men. The jinks is under the manage- j
ment of M. A. NewelJ. John Short, \V. ('.
Howe, D. H. McLaughlin, F. M. Thorn
ton and W. F. Dixey.
For the convenience of visitors desiring
to return to the city after the jinks, the j
San Francisco and North Pacific Rail- •
road will permit the holders of regular j
tickets to travel by the freight boat,
which leaves Tiburon about midnight.
The Quarters of the San Francisco
Yacht Club presented a gay appearance !
last Saturday, on the occasion of the |
opening of the new clubhouse and of the j
yachting season of 1898. Anchored in
front of the clubhouse and decorated with
Hags were Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill's
Cygnus, ex-Commodore I. Gutte's Chispa I
Frank Bartlett's Queen, W. McCarthys' i
Ramona, ex-Commodore George Billings'
sloop Nixie, E. C. Bartletfs yawl Frolic
and \ ice-Commodore G. T. S White's' i
sloop Will o' the Wisp. Captain Eddy's I
launch Edwinna, Findley's sloop Scout :
C.. Chittenden's yawl Phyllis and Louis'
Sutherland's sloop Catherine were also i
lying at their moorings. During the af- I
ternoun Captain Woods' Angelic arrived !
from Mare Island and received the com- I
pliment of a visit from Commodore Dr
T. L. Hill. Later Fred Cook's Harpoon I
c ommodore Carl Westerfeld'sAeolus Fred
Auks' Elia, Thelma, Pinta, Cupid and
Freda came over as representatives of the
Corinthian Yacht Club. At 9 p m
Roc srh's launch Rambler started from
Sausalito and soon afterward returned
having towed Alexander J. Young's Clani
in from Point Blunt. The California Yacht
flub was represented by Allen M. Clay's
Sea Fox. F. I.angstroth's Lupita, Lee's
Pilgrim and ex-Commodore Wilson's Sur
prise.
At 8:30 dancing began in the hall on
the upper floor of the clubhouse, and con
tinued until midnight. Among the guests
were the following: Dr. Buckley and !
party. Arthur Kanzee, Henry Day and '
Miss Day, Henry Holmes and * Mrs
Holmes, Dr. Bertand. Mr. and Mrs Mil
ler, Mr. and Mrs. Hughson, Mr. and Mr- I
J. M. Kilararif, Mr. and Mrs. George
Storey, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Barrett
George Campbell. Mr. and Mrs. Hernan
Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Judd, Miss Hepburn'
Mrs. Smith. Miss Flora Smith, MNs
Frances Smith, Arthur Kennedy, Harry
Kennedy, Mrs. J. F. L)<>»-. H. h. Keith
Mr. and Miss Wisner, Harry Flood Miss
Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. Frank A. Bart
lett; Miss Watson. C. Long. Miss Elvidge
K. Morrow, H. Olandt. John H. Keefe
Captain F. Ames, T. Keegan, T. Ruhart,
W. Brickwedcl, C. Gerlach, F. E. Schober,
L. Q. Haven. Commodore < '. .1. Lancas
ter, VV. C. Wallace. K. Landers, John
Short, B. S. Emmons, J. M. Punnett
Percy Crump, G. E. Crump, Mr. and Mrs'
('. I',. Hill, Misses lsabelle and Rose Sher
wood, Misses Kisner, Miss Gonzalez and
Messrs. Thorne and Ellis.
Archie Sutherland^ Catherine was dec
orated with strings of Japanese lanterns,
Jne of which fell flaming upon the deck'
jut fortunately without doing damage
Some,- if not all, of the following boats
if the California Yacht Club will attend
the opening jinks of the Corinthian Yacht
Club to-day, or will join in the opening
zruise to-morrow: Commodore C. J Lan
caster's flagship Embla, F. J. Moffltt's
launch Augusta, Director W. H. Gould's
sloop Corinne, Director Harry Brydg-es'
yawl Hope, ex-Commdore A. R. Wilson's
Pilgrim, G. turn Suden's Regina A M
Clay's Sea Fox and A. C. Lee's Surprise
Captain Pratt received friends last Sun
lay on board the Idler. Secretary George
b\ Gaither's sloop U and I will take a
party .of Berkeley, girls and Eastern
friends on board next Sunday, and will
join the California Yacht - Club fleet on
Its return from the Corinthian cruise
The guests will be Mrs. Eames Misses
Jharmian, Kitteridge and Lynette Payne
Captain Eugene Flanders'' launch Ariel
has returned from Stevens' "ways" at
Bay Farm Island, where she was "hauled
jut for repainting and putting in a larger
propeller. The, sloop Halcyon will take
her first sail. of the season to Tiburon to
loin in the opening cruise of the Corinth
ians. . J. J. Doyle has just finished a new
suit of hand-made sails for her.
Last Wednesday Commodore C J Lan
caster, accompanied by his father ;E; E N
Walter, of the 'sloop Embla, ; and Captain
Taylor of the yawl Emerald, started in a
launch for a cruise, but late in the even
ing returned, the engine not working sat
isfactorily . Arthur Franklin's yawl
Bachelor had the misfortune. to break her
rudder on the way home from the open-
Ing * cruise, of the San Francisco Yacht
£-V>, Ad m ral ■*>•'■ w - yon Schmidt's
Whirlwind is at , present drawn . up on
the beach. Her owner is now a pilot
on the Gracie S. Measurer yon Schmidt
and . Secretary .:. Gaither are preparing a
directory of. the California fleet.
The Encinal Yacht Club has completed
the additions to its swimming department.
Cedric Wright has a new boat, about
twenty feet over all, built by Engelbrecht;
her name is Kotik. Dr. E. S. Clark has
sold the sloop Anita to C. E. Dorn of
Alameda. • Pattiani's sloop Volante is on
the "ways." The sloop Fawn, the yawl
Dulce, the steam launch - Fancy and the
gasoline, launch Kittle are now in com
mission. ■ • '
Fabulous Wealth.
The "incalculable mineral wealth" of newly
found mining regions largely run by syndicates
and promoted by transportation companies Is
In too many instances really a fable. The
products of industry in legitimate fields of
enterprise nearer home are far surer and
promise more stable rewards. No one will go
unrewarded in the matter of improved health
who use regularly Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters for malaria, dyspepsia, copstipatlon,
biliousness, etc.
GROOMING DOGS
FOR THE
BENCH SHOW
The approaching bench show will de
velop a startling novelty on the last day
of the show, viz., an auction will be held
of all dogs offered and 10 per cent of the
proceeds will go to swell the fund for
charity.
Some changes from the classification as
advertised in the premium list are an
nounced by the club.
The limit of weight in the bull terrier
classes is changed from twenty-fly©
pounds to thirty-five pounds.
Pointer bitches are reduced from fifty
five to fifty pounds.
In the novice, limit on open classes of
the Irish water spaniels, dogs and bitches
will be judged separately.
D. J. Sinclair intends to keep the office
of the club, at 224 Montgomery street,
open at night until 10 o'clock and all day
on Sundays.
D. W. Donnelly of Burlingame will
show his collie bitch Floss, winner of first
at San Francisco, 1593. '
J. P. Norman's mastiff Major is another
instance of renewed ambition,
Mr. Hickman of San Mateo has entered
his fine fox terrier bitch White Violet, by
Oriole Bluffer out of Dauntless Suzette.
In both limited and open classes, and hi 3
puppy Count Othmar in the puppy limit
and open. .
TI A new St. Bernard star has arisen. O.
H. Greenewald's puppy dog Pedro looks
fit enough to sweep the deck.
William R. A. Johnston's fine young
mastiff Beau Montez, by Chino Don ex
Lola, is to compete for honors. Beau
Montez swept everything before him at
San Jose, except the prize for best mastiff
in the show, for which he was beaten by
H s r-^ mm '' Mra - j - P - Norman's Lola
(AKCSB 37547).
The Verona kennels will enter all their
collies, but the imported stock will not
compete under these circumstances.
Norman J. Stewart of Aromas, C. R.
Harker and Miss Delia Beach of San Jose
feel encouraged to again try for ribbons,
with some prospect of success. They will
all show large kennels.
Sig L. Simon, bookkeeper in the Sheriff's
office, will exhibit his Newfoundland Jack
in the novice limit and open classes.
The following communication from J.
B. Martin, a well-known fancier and
breeder of fox terriers, is self-explana
tory: ni^ni
SAN FRANCISCO, April 27, 1898.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: My attention
has been called to a letter of J. P. Norman's,
'published in your paper recently, wherein ha
adverts to the opposition to the San Francisco
bench show by one of the local fox terrier men,
and I conclude that I am the one he refers to.
Mr. Norman states that the judge selected for
the above show is well and favorably known
the world over, and lie is a man of ability and
Integrity.
Mr. Norman, being a novice in dogdom, la
not supposed to be familiar with kennel his
tory, and for his information and that of your
readers, I will give a brief history of George
Bell, the Judge selected to act at the coming
do* show here, which will show sufficient
reasons why many dog men oppose putting
their doss under such a man.
In July, 1593. Bell sold to me for $100 a fox
terrier bitch, Blemton Consequence, guaranteed
to be in whelp, agreeing to take her back if
she did not prove so. A bitch arrived here
(not the one I bought) not in whelp, certified
to by A. R. Rowat. D. V. S., and by prominent
dog men, and she did m>t have pups. I notified
Bell offering to return her without cost to him
on return of purchase money. He declined to
I receive her and return purchase money. I then
preferred charges against him before the Amer
ican Kennel Club, and in May, 1894. he was
disqualified for one year by Thomas H. Terry,
H. P. Cromwell, Major J. M. Taylor and Ed
| ward Brouks— four of the best known dog men
; in this country — who acted upon the committee
that tried liell upon my charges, and his de
fense prepared by well known attorneys of To
ronto, Canada. In September, IS^3, before I
filed the charges against Bell, he discovered
that he had sent me the wrong bitch. This
information was imparted to him by a well
known dog man who saw Consequence at To
i ronto, but Bell suppressed" this knowledge until
| April, IV.<4, when he, by false statements, in
j duced a. gentleman to write to me to that
effect, offering to send Consequence if I would
return the bitch he pent out, and to pay all
express charges for his mistake.
I declined the offer, and I then called the at-
I tentlon of the American Kennel Club to this
[ state of facts, and the secretary preferred
charges against Bell, basing them upon the
above, and upon November 14, 1594, Bell was
disqualified for all time, and this action was
ratified at a full meeting of the club.
Bell applied upon several occasions to be re
stored to good standing, and this was refused
him until December 28. 1896, when the A. K.
< !. removed the disqualification, to take effect
Manh 1, 1898, but Bell was not satisfied, and
asked to have it take effect February 15, 1896.
This was denied. This last order appeared to
rankle in Bella bosom and he thoueht once
more to defy the A. K. C, with the following
result :
"Whereas, George Bell made entries at the
Detroit show while not in good standing, not
withstanding the fact that his appeal for re
instatement under date of January 29, 1596, to
permit him to make entries prior to March 1,
1596, was denied February 6, 1596; ordered,
that said George Bell be and is hereby dis
qualified until -May 1, IS'J~."
Even eliminating the above disqualifications
from consideration, there is very little to Jus
tify Bell's selection.
So far as I can learn by an examination of
the American Kennel Gazette from January.
1889, to February, 1892, and the American
Field from the last date to May. 1894 (the
time of Bell's disqualification), I find that he
judged some breeds at four shows, neither one
of them having one-half the entries had here
last year. From May, 1594, to date he acted
at two shows, and during the last nine years
he has, so far as I can learn, only judged once
in the Vnited States. There were several cap
able all-round judges to be had and they are
men of established reputation and vast ex
perience, but the club overlooked them be
cause Bell was secured at a low figure.
San Francisco has been very fortunate in
the past in securing the best judges obtainable,
and now when the prospects were so bright
it is a severe blow to the kennel interests of
the coast that a judge of the reputation and
standing of Bell should have been selected.
i'«iurs truly. J. B. MARTIN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Have You Seen It?"
THE "'9B"
Swell
DURING"
BICYCLE.
$50
GOOD FEATURES.
SIMPLE AND PRACTICAL METHOD
of wheel adjustment; arched forked
crowns of great strength; expansion seat post
with internal fastening: strong frame and
fork connections: new crank axle mechanism;
no keys : finest finished wheel in the market.
Write for catalogue.
AGENTS WANTED.
LEAVITT & BILL,
Coast Agents,
303 LARKIN ST., S. F.
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for All Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are tho
El y • ? f ?M nd sPJect5 PJect lom P 8 on the mar!
kct. Call In and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.FORESTERS GO
TO HEALDSBURG.
The Grand Court of Cali
i fornia to Meet There
on Tuesday.
There "Will Be a Contest for
the Office of Grand
Secretary.
An Effort Will Bo Made to Have
Sessions ljut Once In Two
Years.
The next session of the Grand Court of
California of the Foresters of America
will bo held in Healdsburg. Sonoma Coun
ty, commencing next Tuesday.
The court at that place and the citizens
havo for some time past been making ex
■ poratlonß for the reception of
the grand officers and delegates, who will
require at least four days to transact all
the business that will come up before
them.
The question of greatest moment to the
order will be the proposition to change
the constitution so as to have a session
but once in two years, instead of yearly
as in the past. There are a great many
members of the order who favor the !
change on the ground that annual Bes- j
sions are very expensive in the matter of I
mileage and per diem, and that the money !
that would be spent at a yearly session
could be used to better advantage in the
propagation of the order.
JQ| Another matter will be the discussion of
rie new ritual which was put In force a
few months ago. There are a number of
features that many of the membership
do not take kindly to, and it is probable I
that the grand body will make sMgges- |
tions as to changes to forward to the
Bupreme circle.
In the choice* of grand officers It Is
probable that J. Samuels, the present
grand sub-chief ranger, will be promoted
grand chief ranger. The great contest
will be for the office of grand secretary
The Incumbent, John J. Cordy, who was
elected last year to till the vacancy caused
by the death of C. H. Bremer. who was
suddenly called while the grand body
was in session at Marysviile, and Sol
Peiser, secretary of the Foresters' Hall
Association, are the prominent candi
dates.
The reports to be presented to the Grand
Court will show that the membership is
13,201 in California. There are 141 courts.
The receipts during the year were $181,246;
expenditures, $174,665. The funds of the
courts amount, in the aggregate, to $149,
049, showing an increase during the year
of J6SSI. There was paid out for medi
cine and medical attendance, $3694; for
sick benefits, $47,573; for funerals, $9559,
and the donations to members in distress
were $2s.SO.
The following are grand officers: Past
gra\d chief rangers, F. C. Hensley, Rufus
1!. Harmon, Lewis Thorne, John J. Cordy,
C. P. Rer.dun, A. ortila: grand chief
r. J. B. \v. Baunders; grand sub
ranger, J. Samuels; grand treasui r.
\\ hite; grand secretary, John J.
Cordy; grand recording secretary, w. a.
Deane; grand senior woodward, Joseph
\V. Hughes; grand junior woodward,
Hugo K. Asher; grand senior beadle, Dr.
W. A. Weldon; grand junior beadle, R.
K. Bevan; grand trustees, Charles Hogg,
J. U. Curtin, Frank Lewis.
Following is a list of the delegates who
will represent the courts in the grand
body:
Alameda— Pride of AJameda, No. 19, A. L.
Vulieau.
Anaheim — Anaheim, No. 156, H. O. Elkus.
Aneels Camp — Sequoia, No. 128, George
Pa. -he.
.rn— Auburn, No. 116, J. C. Smith.
Hr.ul.ler Creek— Boulder Creek. No. 152, Isaiah
Hart'
Campbells— Loma Prieta, No. 145, W. G.
Blunt.
«"as>troville— Castroville, No. 119, W. F. Gul-
San.
C !Tia— Colma, No. SS. Ben Green.
IB*— Pride of Co1u=;l, No. bl, W. K. De
Jarr.^tt. «;u^ Cabert.
Danville— Mount Diablo, No. 118, Ralph Dob
eoii.
I'lxon— Dtxor., No. S3. B. F. Newby.
Elk Grove— Klk Grove. No. 101, J. A. Pol
-hemus.
Eureka — Eureka. No. 80, E. E. Skinner.
Forbeatown— Forbestown. No. 95, George Beik
Frew •■■. No. 72, J. B. McDonald;
Hf-rn-an (German), No. 126, Wlllinm Jaber.
Fruitvale— Fruitvak\ No. 124, John M Mo-
Arthur
en Gate- Shellmound, No. 17, Dual Lavln.
(irn>s Valley— Pride or Grass Valley, No. S,
Joseph A. Henri'
Ha; ■ ... urds. No. 78, John W. Mc-
Coy, John Schwartz.
Hanfi.nl— Hanford. No. 06, E. L. Sherman.
Healdsburg — Sotoyome, No. 142 W F
O'lveary. E. Whitson.
tone. No. 131, George F. Mack.
Jackßon— Jackson, No. MS, C. Martyn..
J:uiK-st(jwn— Jamestown. No. 144 W M Le
lan.l.
K.-rn r>ty— Rio Brova, No. 69, J. W. Shaffer
Llvermore— LCvennore, No. 77, c. S. Umh.
Mokelumne, No. U r ., 1., i;. Watermelr
poo MlguelH I, \v. y South-
Wl< k.
Angeles — I»e Angeles, No. 2), \v. J
Walshe. R. Wankf>w=ki; Olive, No. M, Charles
Jilumenthul: Fremont, No. *9, M i; i
J. W. Toms; Sunset. No. 68, L. K. Bhepard;
Francaise, No. 97, H. clary; Colombui .Si;in
ifh). No. 102, B. M. divas; Germanla Her
man), No. 111. Emil Stal>*-n; Dante Allgherl
(Italian). No. 139. L. C&rbonL
Martinez— Alhambra. No. :<:i. C. E. Elwell
Marysviile— Pride or Marysviile, No. 34 p
I> Cahlll, F. W. TestPß-ge.
Mayfleld— College Terrace, No. 130.
Port Co»ta— Port Costa, No. ',:>, S. J. Hut
ton.
■ - '■ ■■ * ■ : - i. .■■■>:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO WOMAN IS EXEMPT.
Regularity is a master of importance
in every woman's li*. Much pain is,
however, endured in the beliei that it
is necessary and not alarming, when
in truth it is all wrong and indicates
derangement that may cause serious
trouble.
Excessive monthly pain itself will
unsettle the nerves and make women
old before their time.
The foundation of woman's health is
a perfectly normal and regular per-
formance of nature's function. The
statement we print from Miss Ger-
thcde Sikes, of Eldred, Pa., is echoed
in every city, town and hamlet in this
country. Read what she Bays:
11 Dear Mrs. Pixkham:— l feel like a
new person since following your ad-
vice, and think it is my duty to let the
public know the good your remedies
have done me. My troubles were pain-
ful menstruation and leucorrhoea. I
*ras nervous and had spells of being
confused. Before using your remedies
I never had any faith in patent mcdi'
cines. I now wish to say that I never
had anything do me so much good for
painful menstruation as Lj-dia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound; also would
Bay that your Sanative Wash has cured
me of leucorrhooa. I hope these few
words may help suffering women."
The present Mrs. Pinkham's experi-
ence in treating female ills is unparal-
leled, for years she worked side by
side with Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham, and
for sometime past has had sole charge
of the correspondence department of
her great business, treating by letter
as many as a hundred thousand ailing
women during a single year.
All suffering women are invited to
write freely to Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn,
Maas., for advice about their health.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
Red Blurt— Red Bluff, No. 84, H. P. An
drews.
• Redwood City— Madrone, No. 15S. J. J. Reed.
Riverside— Citrus, No. 94. A. Zammlller. *■
Sacramento-Capital of California, No. 6,
F^ J a 1a 1 . 11 * 1 " 1 ?. 8 - J - v JJ n S Jr., \V. W. Mott Sr..
ami Abe Wllsun; Sacramento. No. 12. . C. A.
v ii, Short and c < B. Strong; Concordla,
NO. lUt. K. Offenbach. •
San Dle s an Diego. No. 28, George D.
Goldman. F. M. Jennings; Sliver. Gate. No. 133,
R. A. pOUKUuM, J. C. de Ferrari.
ban Francisco-Robin Hood, No. 1, Fred C.
Henrtey John A. McLeoil; Aurora. No. 2, Dr.
&♦« . v Davwal J. Label; America, No. 3,
1 a" i? ansen ' Pi Rassmußsen; California. No.
ti ,:. 0110 ": Golden Gate, No. 5. J. Caiman,
£?• Goldberg, H. 1- Simon. H. M. Wallenstein;
Baa Francisco. No. 7, George T. Hi-ban. F. W.
prance; Hay City. No. 11. I. O. Reiser. U,
at i fi tucletan . No. 13, J. C. Now. C. A.
McFadden; Eclipse, No. 14, T. B. Goodwin.
k eor c Read; Hubertus (German). No. ' 15,
tf^ > xr Haar> EmU Lampe. T. L. Mattow; Jus
tice, x? - 16, Joseph Farrell, Thomas Sewell;
Inter i Nos No. 18, Thomas F. Blake. J, B.
tlemlng J. F. Hallott, J. W. Sparrow; Golden
«est. No. 20. George Alexander, Sol. Peiser.
<jeorge_J. Sochwltz. K. A. • Sullivan; Zenith.
a?-,"' George C. Berg, George Healing; Golden
State. No. 22, I. LtnUerman, E. 1. Wolfe; De-
V an . cc . "3, A. Coleman, 6. W. Terry; Stan
•S r % *C 27> I! - M - Saunders; Magnolia, No.
», V a i? h Oavis. F. S. Gunn; El Dorado. No.
',,, - I '. Mc |nnJs Western Addition, No. 82,
}<■]', E -^ Veh ser; Golden Eacle, No. 33. J. L.
V\ il.lv; Golden Era, No. 3G, Thomas F. .Moran;
Washington, No. 37, I. L. David.A. Fißel; Pre
!?; *io'i 0 ' 40 - M - J - Magutre; Mayflower, No.
«. H. J. Harrje: Yerba Buena, No.. 42. W. t».
Fonda; Bonlta, No. 43, Ira W. Coburn, John
Heenan; Acme, No. 51, E. P. Donnovan, Hugh
McCabe. A. J. Seivers; Palo Alto.: No. 53. W.
M. Kllnger. F. 11. Dunne: Columbia, No. 65.
J. G. Chase Jr.. J. E. O'Brien; Lincoln, No.
57, Frank Conklln; Hayes Valley, No. 59, I.
Levy; Live Oak, No. 87. T. F. E. Steiner;
Barbarosa (German), No. 79,. Theo Weese;
Richmond, No. 86, George Manning: Independ
ence, No. 104, J. F. Grady. P. J. Gray; Ferru
clo (Italian), No. 132. F. de Julio. J. F. Monte;
Sutro Heights, No. 136. E. N. Boukofaky. E. S.
Harding.
Merced— Merced . No. 155, Henry Kessell.
Middletown— No. 103, 11. Koopman.
Mission San Jose— Buena Vista , No. 112. C.
W. F. Bergman.
Monterey— Mont» No. 47. David . Donel
eon.
Mountain View— Rose Hill No. 98. J. S. Mock
bee.
Napa— Paragon No. 48, E. L. Weber, L. Fos
ter.
Nevada City^-Garfleld No. 9, W. M. Avery.
Niles— Nlleß No. 110, Tony S. Ferelra.
Novato— Novato No. 157, E. R. Samuels.
) Oakland— Harmonia No. 25 (German) ; United
i Statos of America No. 38. A. E. Trimble; Oak
land No. 46. P. F. Boyle.
Oakdale No. 151.
Oak Park, Sacramento County— Oak Park No.
100, John Steen Sr.
Ocean View, San Francisco— Farallones No.
71, J. \V. Woods.
Oroville— Century No. 85, F. C. Danforth.
Petaluma— Petaluma No. 63, Charles Sulli
van, J. C. Thompson.
Placerville— Confidence No. 117. John Alder
son, V. A. Fisher.
San Jose— San Jose No. 54, B. M. Burry, G.
A. Koerber; Teutonla (German) No. 91, F.
| Poßky; Italia (Italian) No. 127, G. E. Rossi.
San Luc-as— San Lucas No. 154— J. J. O'Neil.
I Pan Lt-andro — San Leandro Iso. 74. James Ca
bill.
Salinas— Santa Lucia No. 70, J. B. Bennett.
Ban Bernardino— Liberty No. 96, H. C. War-
I ner.
i San Luis Oblspo— Star of San Lula Oblspo No.
i 35, Warren M. John.
I San Pedro— San Pedro No. 107. H. Ekrem.
! Santa Ana— Santa Ana No. 133, H. \\ . Keim,
| A. J. Towner.
Santa Barbara— Castle Rnck N'v 80, W. I.
i Murphy; Sierra N.->. 147 Peter Storni.
Santa Clara Sherwood No. 60, Q. Wanderer;
Adriatico (Italian) No. 137. P. DragicovWh
Santa Cms— Santa Cruz \*o. 61, It. D. Hor
ton, Joseph H. Stowe.
Santa Rosa— Santa Rosa No. 24. J. G. Dont.
Saratogra— Saratoga No. 146, C. BossSnger.
Bausalito- Bausallto No. 150. A. Bilva,
EUsaona— Bhasta No. 141, J. W. Sullaway.
Smartsvllle— Gem of Yuba No. 121, Joseph
Bpeidel.
i.id— Pnle.lad No. 153. James Bertelson.'
Ponora- ■ Sonora No. 12?. W. Hartwip, 11. Hill.
Stockton— Stockton No. 66, Max Grimm, C.
! H. Austenberg; Schiller (German) No. 12'>.
■ Charles Blm->n.
| Tiburon— Marin No. 73. C. JCcNelll.
Tracy-Tracy No. 115, A. F. Wlndeler.
Vallejo— Farraput No. ES, F. J. Ferguson.
Valley Ford— Valley Ford No. 140.
Watscnville— I'ajaro Valley Rose No. 44, G.
F. Martin, 8. C. Rogers.
West Berkeley— Oceun View No. 26, D. W.
; Mcl^atltrlilin.
Winters— Winters No. 87, C. E. Wyatt.
Woodland— Star of Woodland No. 10, W. H.
Cureun.
Yuba City— Sutter No. 115. A. If. Walthus.
A SETBACK IN
WHEAT PRICES
Depression in Eastern Markets
Is Repeated Out
Here.
Brokers Are in a State of Nervous
ness and Awaiting Foreign
Action.
Wheat prices yesterday received a bad
setback. Thursday's depressed feeling in
Eastern markets was repeated in Euro
pean markets yesterday morning. Liver
pool quoted wheat 22 i 4 d lower (5*4 cents).
The short interest, which had so much
to do with the strong advance early in
the week, was, as it turns out, protty
well liquidated above $1 So. This left the
market without sustaining power. There
was a very weak feeling in wheat from
the start at the opening.
December sold at $1 75. Offerings were
more than the crowd could take care of,
and the price dragged under this pres
sure until $1 73% was quoted. At this
price new buyers appeared, and the mar
ket firmed to $1 76*4- About this time the
Chicago market became depressed. The
feeling was soon repeated here. Sellers
became plenty, and the price again drop
ped to fl 74 : ' 4> with few buyers. At the
decline May was somewhat firmer, but
transactions were small. Liquidation by
outsiders appears well over in that
option.
The morning's tradirtg closed with an
undercurrent of weakness, which became
very marked at the closing afternoon
session. The, session opened with Decem
ber selling at $1 74*4. Heavy offerings by
E. A. liresse started a Hood of selling or
ders to appear, and within a short time
the price was hammered down to $1 72%
when the market closed for the day. On
the curb another spasm of weakness ap
peared. Cutter & Moscley's offerings s>-nt
December to $1 71^*. from where a rally
to $1 72% took place. The rally was of
short duration. The growing pressure.
soon dropped the price to $1 TiVa. Sellers,
again buyers, bid the market to $1 72Vfc
The curb trading was large and of an
erratic nature.
Yesterday's decline came from an over
bought condition of the market. Thj:
shorts squared up their contracts and left
the bulls to their fate. When the
latter tried to sell to take profits buyers
were not easily found. Concessions Wi re
in order and had to be given. Yesterday's
break baa :■■<> doubt weeded out a great
many of the eleventh-hour bulls, and the
market is now in Btronger hands and will
probably soon harden again.
Ocean rates were reported advancing
from Sound ports to the United Kingdom
and Continent. Exporters regretted that
Thursday's offerings abroad had been re
fused yesterday morning. Foreigners
have undoubtedly concluded to rest for
the present
'ihe market is in a state of extreme
nervousness. Stronger foreign markets
Would cause a widely advancing market
hero. Shorts are timid and run to cover
quickly. With Indifferent markets abroad
no doubt prices will work somewhat
tower.
Barley opened steady around $1 34^ for
December. Sellers outnumbered buyers,
resulting in a decline to $1 33 at the clo: c.
DEATH OF JOSEPH FIGUIERE.
He Had Been in the Money Order
Department of the Postofflce.
Joseph Figuiere, an old and respected
attache of the money order department
of the postofilce. on "Washington street,
died on the 26th inst. ;ind his remains
were cremated yesterday. The funeral
was attended by several Of hi.s eoworkers,
by whom he was beloved and respect< d.
Kiguiere began work In the money^rder
drpartment in IS7: J .; fur f'>ur y.-ars print
to that date he was in the railway m;ul
service. He was a native of France, up
ward of 70 years oid. About two montlis
ago he was obliged by sickness to quit
! [« post in the money order departm.'i t.
The deceased left a daughter and se.-
eral grandctiildn-n.
Sailors' Employment Agency.
United States Attorney Foote yesterday
filed three , informations in the United
States District Court against William IV
Hermann for demanding and receiving a
fee for providing seamen with* employ
ment as Bailors, , Bail in each, case wus
llxed at $100. •• ; ■ • -•; • •■--■•;-■ - • ;
A NOR'WESTER
ON THE COAST
The Pilot-Boats America
and Gracie S Caught
in It
Men Wanted for the Coast De
fenders Fearless, Vigilant
and Active.
Trouble Between the Crew of the
Collier Lucilie and ths Sea
men's Union.
A very heavy northwest storm has been
raging up the coast for the last forty
eight hours, and the captains of the
coasters now due are sure to have some
hard-luck stories to tell when they reach
port. Thursday night it blew over seventy
miles an hour at Point Reyes, while at
Port Ross the seas wt-re running moun
tains high. A private dispatch from
that point says that if is many a day
since such a terrific sea has been seen off
that point, t '
At Point Reyes yesterday morning it
was still blowing fifty-eight miles an
hour, but at noon it had subsided to
forty-live miles an hour. During the
night the pilot-boats America and Gracie
S caught it. A heavy sea swept the
America and carried the yawl overboard.
Some other minor damage was doneabout
the deck, but no one was hurt. Outside
of a most uncomfortable night the pilots
on the Gracie S did not suffer.
The bark Alaska got away for Kotze
bue Sound yesterday morning with 110
gold hunters aboard. She must have got
a full share of the storm, and the for
tune seekers must have had a hard time
of it. The majority of the men had never
been to sea before, so when the bark be
gan to plunge into a nasty cross sea their
condition can be imagined.
The ship Lucille got away for Seattle
yesterday after a brush with the walk
ing delegate of the Coast Seamen's Union.
Th<« men all belonged to the union, and
shipped for $3t a month, or $5 more than
the Ship-Owners' Association is paying
sailors in coal ships. Just before the Lu
cille sailed the walking delegate put in
an appearance and .said the men had to
strike for JW a month. This they refused
to do, and a wordy warfare ensued. The
walking delegate insisted that the men
should do as they were told or take the
consequences. The sailors had a confab
together, and then said they had decided
to stay by the ship. The walking dele
gate then demanded their union cards
and bonks, which were given him. lie
then started for headquarters to make a
report, but by the time he got back the
captain of the Lucille had procured a
tug and the ship was on her way to sea.
Enlistments for the navy are now being
made at the rendezvous, 10 California
r. Lieutenant-Commander T. S.
Phelps Jr. in charge, as follows: Chief
machinists, engineers, for cruisers, three
years; lirst-class machinists, engineers,
for cruisers, three years; chief machinists,
engineers, for tugs, one year; tirst-class
machinists, engineers, for tugs, one year,
first-class Bremen, for tugs, one year;
first-class iiremen, tor cruisers, throe
years; second-class firemen, for tugs, one
year; oilers, for tugs, one year; seamen,
for tugs, one year; seamen, for cruisers,
three years; ordinary seamen, for cruis
ers, three years; ordinary seamen, for
tugs, cue year; landsmen, for tugs, one
: carpenters' mates, for tugs, one
year; stewards, for tugs, one year; cooks,
for tugs, one year; mesa attendants, for
tugs, one year.
The men for the tugs are wanted lor
the Fearless, Vigilant and Active, recently
purchased by the Government from the
Spreckels Towboat Company.
The Mare Island dispatch-boat Unadilla
came down from the yard yesterday and
went alongside the Monterey. She put
aboard a quantity of munitions of war
and then went to Pacific-street wharf,
where she landed some stores to be sent
to Portland. The big tug looks well in
her war coating, and in company with the
Fearless, Vigilant and Active should give
a good account of herself.
Captain James E. Howland died in this
city yesterday. He was well known in
the coasting trade and was fur many
voyages master of the ship Invincible,
The remains of Robert Cowes, late chief
steward of the steamer Zealandia, were
buried in Odd Fellows' cemetery yester
day. It \v;ss at iirst intended to send the
body to Honolulu for interment, but the
plans were changed and the funeral took
place yesterday.
Joseph Seely, the popular chief steward
of the Australia, will make one trip on
the Zealandia. By the time he gets Lack
the Australia will be ready to resume her
old run to Honolulu, and Mr. Seely Will
resume his old position as chief stew
ard.
There was a surfeit of lively scenes on
Pacific street wharf yesterday. \V. Daley,
freight clerk on the wharf, rescued a
Spaniard from drowning; Charles Olsen,
the boss stevedore, put out a lire that at
one time threatened to burn down the
shed, and T. McCombe, purser of the
Zealandia, stopped a runaway team. The
Spanish boy jumped overboard to earn
50 cents by saving a hat His suspenders
broke while be was diving and his panta
loons lell down until his legs got en
tangled in them and he could not swim.
It waa at this juncture that Daley gal
lantly went to the rescue and kept the
drowning boy's head above water until
assistance came.
Some one dropped a lighted match be
tween the boards on the sidewalk on East
street, and the strong breeze soon quick
ened the dry timbers into a blaze. Olsen
came alone in the nick of time and or
ganizing a bucket brigade soon had the
tire out. The draught was beginning to
carry the flames under the wharf, and
a few minutes later a big lire might have
been raging.
The horses in one of the delivery
wagons on Pacific street wharf took fright
at a steamer whistle and began to run
away. The team was headed right for
a group of women, and some of them
would surely have been hurt had not Mr.
McCombe grabbed the near horse by the
head and hung on to him until the wagon
<ame to a stop by colliding with a heap
of freight.
Charles Ketler was injured while work
ing on the new military road near Lime
Point yesterday. The earth caved in on
him and injured him so seriously that
it was found necessary to send him to
the city. The lighthouse tender Yosemite
brought him over, and at the Receiving
Hospital he was founH to have fractured
bis shoulder blade and seriously injured
his back.
Herzog & Co., the Pacific Coast passen
ger agents of the Hamburg-American line
Of steamers, deny most emphatically that
the Furst Bismarck has been sold to the
United States Government. The steamer
palled yesterday from New York for
P iris, Condon and Hamburg with the fol
lowing passengers from this coast:
Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Gunst, Mr. and Mrs.
I. Kahn, Mr. and Mrs. I. N. Walter, child
and maid; Jose Prochazka, Karl Wolbach,
Bennp Triest, I>. Marx, Gustavo Corso
Knoth, Miss Clara K. Campbell, P. J.
Williams, Frank Panter, Louis Arzner
and son. Miss Julia Keller, Mr. and Mrs.
1< 11. sfoung and family. Miss F. M. Van
Pelt, Fred Hurst, Rev. and Mrs. Joseph
Overton, Miss Eva Overtoil, Miss Louisa
Beyfried, Mrs. Robert Zenker, Master
Herbert Zenker, Miss Elley Zenker, 11.
Detjens, Miss H. Moses, B. Uendit, M.
Fleisher, Jacob Nielsen and Mrs. Marie
Martens.
Town Talk.
Patriotism is plainly defined in this
week's "Our Opinion," and Phil Garlic
mdkes some good shots in his aftermath
against the sensational newsmonger of
the day. The "Saunterer" talks about the
clubs, BOdety and passing events; the
"Grapholist" reads characters of people
we know, and Leaven worth MaeNab con
tributes a charming Love story. There are
several attractive portraits, one of Hora
tio Mannings, and there is a true stori
ette ;.t">iit a mlrllner and a gay club man.
Tho musical and dramatic critiques are
exhaustive and readable. •
Bead ''The Story of the Rise of the
Christian Scientists" in next Sun
day's Call.
CLUBS NOT
FOR WOMEN
So Said Mrs. Horatio Steb
bins in an Ad
dress.
Woman's Unitarian Confer
ence Elects Officers for
This Year.
"The Paganism of the Young" Dis
cussed by the Laclits — Reports
of Delegates.
Mrs. Horatio Stebblns raised her voice
against clubs for women yesterday at
the Woman's Unitarian conference. Mrs.
Stebbins was requested to read a paper
on "The Secularization of the Mother,"
and it was in this sketch that the lady
condemned the new woman, who belongs
to many clubs. She said in part:
"The trend of society of the present
day is to overwhelm the mother and dis
qualify her for the discharge of her home
duties. But wisely used it makes her
bring brightness to the home.' 1
Mrs. Stebbfns dwelt particularly on the
effect of bad society as being corruptlve
of the home, "me woman," she said,
"should use society, not be used by it.
The club life Is fascinating, but is exposed
to excessiveness. A club woman cannot
be a wise and loving spirit of the house
hold. The duty of woman Is to give the
best of her life with authority of love to
those in her home."
The remarks of Mrs. Stebblns were
greeted with applause, her audience
agreeing with her at every point.
The "Paganism of the Young" was an
other excellent paper delivered by Rev.
S. P. Carr. Discussion followed by Mrs.
W. O. llenn, Mrs. B. F. Giddlngs and
Miss Eva Carlin.
Mrs. Carr said: "I admit that the
spiritual is lacking in youth. They see
tin' beauty of the flower, but not the
beauty of that which is behind it. Im
portant example is set the younger peo
ple by their elders, and they are only
too glad to miss church when the elders
do likewise."
Mrs. llcnn of Alameda followed Mrs.
('air's talk. "The paganism of the
young," said she, "is inevitable, but I do
not Inilii've unremediable. The fact that
the children are semi-pagan is encourag
ing in itself. The mother of the present
time shrinks from teaching the child for
fear of teaching it something by which
the child later might suffer. I think that
the best way is to give the young people
as much to do as possible. Give them
something for which they are responsible.
Truly, often they blunder, but then they
haven't blundered long, they haven't had
much of a chance."
"The Development of a Soul" was writ
ten by Mrs. J. B. Comstock, but read by
Mrs. Humphrey Smith, as Mrs. Com
stock wns unavoidably absent.
The morning session of the conference
was given over entirely to reports of the
delegates and election of officers.
Those chosen to rule the conference
this year are:
For president. Miss Elizabeth B. Eastern, San
Francisco; for second vice-president, Mrs.
Tbomaa 1,. Eliot, Portland, Or. ; for third vioa
president, Mrs. Maurice McMtcken. Seattle.
wash.; for recording secretary, Mrs. :
Baldwin, Vernon Heights, Oakland; for corre
sponding secretary, Mrs. Ailain Heneberer.
Al.'uncla: for treasurer, Mrs. William S. Wat
tles, Berkeley; director for California, Id
William Hardy, Ban Francisco; directors for
Oregon, Mrs. Rosa P. Hurroll of Portland. Mrs.
L. W. Sitton of Portland; directors for Wash
ington Mrs. Thomas Blade <>f N'-w Whatcom,
Mrs. Benjamin Hazeltine at Seattle; repre
sentatives, Alameda, Mrs. George E. iMummer;
ley, Mrs. William B. Seaburyj Oakland.
Mrs. C H. ftedlngton; Portland, Mrs. Julia
B. Cocas tock; San Francisco, Society for Chris
tian Work, Mrs. Horatio Stebbins; Woman's
Auxiliary. Second Unitarian Church. Mrs.
Henry Hunker; San Jose, Mrs. L. M. Stmonton;
Santa -Marts, Mrs. George C. Smith; Seattle,
Mrs. J. H. All. n.
The delegates to the conference have
bc-en Invited to attend a lecture to be
delivered by Dr. Martin of Tacoma on
"Wagner," at the First Unitarian Church
to-day. His sketch will be accompanied bjr
musical selections rendered by his wife.
A SAILOR WITH
A BAD VOODOO
He Luffed to Starboard When
He Should Have Rushed
to Port.
All His Sails Tore Loose and Paint
Pots Rained on Deck When
He Went Aloft.
Stlllman Stover, first mate of the
American brigantine Harriet G, was
placed on examination yesterday before
United States Commissioner Heacock on
two charges of beating and wounding sea
men on the high seas during the recent
voyage of the Harriet G from New York
to this port.
The complainants were Albert Mattson
and Ole Anderson Sellevold. Ole Ander-
son told the Commissioner how Stover
had knocked him down and kicked him.
He product (1 Dr. Wise of the Marine Hos
pital to testify that he was still suffer
ing from an injury.
Albert Mattson was influenced by a
voodoo during the voyage, if his story is
to be believed. If he fastened a sail it
was sure to become loose and rlap de
liantly in the gale, and when ordered to
an something on the port side of the
ship he invariably went to the starboard.
It was his ill luck also that whenever
he made a blunder of that kind Matt:
Stover was sure to be around and pro
fane.
About February 23 this year Mattson
reefed the jib, but he had no sooner left
the job than the jib broke loose and
fluttered gaily in the breeze. The ship
was tacking at the time, and the mute
became angry and called him "a big
Dutch fool." He gave Mattson another
order and the sailor went to the wrong
side of the ship, whereupon he was fol
lowed and thumped by the mate on the
jaw and the back of the neck, and wat>
kicked two consecutive times. The mate
in making another kick slipped and fell
on the flat of his back and Mattson fell
on top of him. Mattson would have died
of fright if members of the crew had not
lifted him to his feet again.
On St. Patrick's day thu voodooed sailor
made his worst blunder. He was aloft
painting, and the pot of paint slipped
from his hand and fell from the royal
yard to the deck, striking within a few
feet of the mate and bespattering his
sou'wester. Then, when Mattson came
down to get the pot and scrape the deck,
the mate struck him a right hajider in
the left temple, knocking htm senseless.
MattKon denied that he had drawn his
knife on the mate, but admitted that
the mate took the knife away from him.
Other witnesses corroborated the stories
told by the two sailors.
Stover flatly denied having struck or
kicked Anderson or Mattson. All that
he would admit was that he might have
shoved them out of the way or sworn
at them.
The examination was continued until
next Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock at
which hour the captain of the brlgantine
will give his testimony.
Mattson filed a libel yesterday against
the brig for $69 60, the balance of wages
claimed by him. He admits having de
serted the ship at this port, but says he
was forced to leave by reason of the
cruelty of Mate Stover.
Pattern-Makers' Ball.
The twelfth annual ball of the Pattern
Makers' Association of «an Francis---
was held at the Alcazar Hall last Satur
day. The committee of arrangements
consisted of James C. Smith, C M. Hen
derson, John Hill, A. J. Raymond, J. G.
Sandberg, William O'Connell. The com
mittee on reception was A. J. Raymond,
C. M. Henderson, Frank Dolan, George
L. Reed, George A. Dupey.
DEPUTIES MADE HAPPY.
Only Four Demands of the County
Clerk's Employes to Be Held Out
for the Test Case.
At the conference between the Auditor,
the Mayor and the County Clerk, held
yesterday in the office of Auditor Broder
ick on the matter of the warrants of
deputy county clerks it was decided to
hold out only four demands to serve in
the test case now before the Supreme
Court as to the legality of the employ
ment of more than thirty-two deputies
by the County Clerk.
Auditor Broderick held out forty-live of
the eighty-four demands last month, and
will now sign all of these except four. Hi;
will also hold out four from the April de
mands.
It was left to the employes in the Coun
ty Clerk's office to select the four men
whose demands were to be used in the
test case.
GOT MAGUIRE'S MONEY.
Wells, Fargo & Co.'s Detectives
Hunting for "John Doe."
Detective Hume of Wells, Fargo & Co.
is hunting- for "John Doe," who is wanted
on a charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses. The warrant was obtained in
Judge Joachimsen'a court yesterday
morning.
It appears that on March 9 a letter was
sent from Forest Hill, Placer County,
containing a money order for $40 to John
Maguire, who was then living at 007 Mar
ket street. Maguire did not receive the
letter, and on making inquiry ascertained
that the order had been cashed at Wells,
Fargo & Co's oilice to a man who rep
resented himself as Maguire. How he
had got possession of the letter is still <x
mystery. The $40 had again to be paid
to Maguire, and the company now want
to punish the false Maguire, at present
known as "John Doe."
PUGILISTS SHOULD
BE EXAMINED
The Death of "Bull" McCarthy
a Warning to Fight
Promoters.
National Club Fighters in Superb
Condition — A Large Ad
vance Sale.
The death of "Bull" McCarthy, the
pugilist who succumbed shortly after his
twenty-round bout with "Young" Griffo
in Sacramento on Wednesday evening,
and the arrest of the Australian, were the
sole topics of conversation in sporting
circles yesterday, and for the time being
the ever-recurring discussion over the
probable outcome of mo tistic argument
between "Sailor" Sharkey and the L.os
Angeles giant was dropped. It was the
universal opinion that Griffo could not
deliver a blow hard enough to cause
death and that the Sacramento Athletic
Ciub, under whose auspices the fight took
place, was highly negligent in not hav
ing a proper examination made of the
principals before they entered the ring.
"It has always been our practice," said
; Manager Oroom of the National Club
' yesterday, "to have the contestants un
dergo a thorough physical examination
! before beginning hostilities. The result
! has been that the -■■.annual oub lias
! never had a casualty. We have pulled
off more big lights in this city during the
past two years than any other organiza
; lion, because we have selected the par
ticipants with care and had our phy
sician keep a watchful eye on their phy
sical conuition. Had the Sacramento
Club done this the death of McCarthy
. would not have resulted. I regret ex
ceedingly the outcome of the bout, be
cause it gives a black eye to pugilism.
"Our pnyslcian. Dr. L>. D. l_.ustig, will
! shortly pay a visit to tne training quar
j ters of bharkey, Baker, Stelzner and Jef
! fries, and will thoroughly examine the
men. If he reports to us that any of the
men are unfit they will not appear under
the National Club auspices. But 1 antici
1 pate no such report, as from what 1 hear
; the men are ready to light the battle of
their lives. In my opinion the winner of
| the Sharkey-Jeffries go will be the cham
! pion of the world. i3oth men have met
■ the top-notchers and have made excellent
; showing."
Baker, who is to meet Stelzner, is in
better condition to-day i..iin he has been
' since his arrival on the coast, and can be
; relied on to give Stelzncr a warm recep
: tion. In the East Baker enjoyed a good
j reputation as a scrapper, but since his
: visit here he has not devoted much time
to keeping in condition, caring more for a
sporting life. Baker has now seen the
foolishness of such a plan and has stop
ped drinking and is training with avidity,'
knowing that if he defeats Stelzner his
chances for future engagements will be
better. He has been heard to say that if
j he had been in as fine fettle when he met
1 Jeffries there might have been another
man training to meet Sharkey. Baker
' has been in both camps and sparred with
| both men, and the knowledge he gained
! leads him to pick Sharkey as the winner
of the coming light.
The seatingarrangements in Mechanics'
Pavilion on the night of the contest will
be better than at previous contests. Every
ticket-holder will be assured of an unob
! structed view of the arena, and there will
be no crowding. Captain Curtin will have
lifty men under him to regulate the
crowd and perfect order will be maln
j tamed during the progress of the fight.
The advance sale of tlcKets is very large,
and Mr. Groom predicts that a larger
crowd than that which witnessed the
Corbett-Sharkey and Fitzsimmons-Shar
key goes will be present.
Gained 22 Pounds in 5 Weeks.
From the By-Stander, Macomb, 111.
Alderman Louis W. Camp of our city
has quite astonished his friends of late
by a remarkable gain in weight. He has
gained 22 pounds in five weeks. Those of
his friends who do not know the facts of
his sickness will read with interest the
following:
"I was broken down in health and ut
terly miserable," said Mr. Camp to our
reporter. "I was unable to work much
of the time and so badly afflicted with a
form of stomach trouble that life was a
veritable nightmare.
"I tried various remedies, but during
the six months of my sickness I obtained
no relief. I had always been a robust,
healthy man and sickness bore heavily
upon me.
"About two years ago I was advised to
try Dr. Williams' Pink Pill for Pale Peo
pl". I purchased one box and received so
much benefit that I used five more and
was entirely cured. I gained twenty-two
pounds in five weeks. Since I stopped
taking the pills I have scarcely had an
ache or pain.
Interviewing the Alderman.
"Dr. Williams" Pink Pills restored me
to health, and I most heartily recommend
them."
L. W. Camp on oath says that the fore
going statement is true.
W. W. MELOaN Notary Public.
Following is the physician's certificate
as to Mr. Camp's present condition:
I am a regularly licensed physician of
Miiromh, McDonough County, 111. I have
very recently examined Mr. L. W. <'amp
as to his general physical condition, and
find the same to be all that could be de-
Slred, appetite and digestion good, sleeps
well, and has all the evidences of being
in a good physical condition.
SAM'L RUSSELL. M.D.
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 30th day of September, 1597.
W. W. MELOAN. Notary Public.
McKINLEY DID
NOT WANT WAR
He Strained Every Nerve
to Avert it, but Failed
in the Attempt.
When He Sent His Message
to Congress H« Was Pre
pared to Fight.
What United States Court Clerk Morse
Saw and Heard on His Visit
to Washington.
George E. Morse, clerk of the United
States District Court, has returned from
Washington with his wife and little
daughter, where Mrs. and Miss Morse
had been on a yisjt to President Mcßin
ley and family for the past three months.
Mr. Morse took copious mental notes of
the war excitement in the East, and tells
an interesting story. President McKinley
is Mrs. Morse's uncle, and owing to the
kinship existing Mr. Morse was able to
see and hear a good deal of the inside
sentiment in Washington. He says that
the President was opposed to entering
into war with Spain or any other country,
and strained every nerve to prevent it,'
but after he had sent his message to Con
gress he said that if Congress decided to
f.ght he would do the fighting intrusted
to him to the best of his ability.
Mr. Morse was impressed with the dif
ferenco in the manner in which public
ADVERTISEMENTS.
LL s _^ -< THE KLONDIKE. lr
iT/^v I A Winchester Repeating Rifle
l^™MiiliHn^ i s a great aW in itself. It will protect you. and '
I /aSßWißrafciLJ*^ help fill your larder. Send name and address on
l|||||iBH I |P|l a postal card for 148-page, illustrated catalogue.
y^'iPjM i^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
iLtVI 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
DIRECTORY Or
/^Ui\t / ' - TRANSPORTATI ON-Continued. ___
Cv.\^^^^^£*i^S!^raK^/ ' BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
NK£ttBEr/f 0Wl S-^ *° ' ack ot fo^; and Just as rich
VS«9g!%?J,V V \\ I y\Sa^?yrivX as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; 1500z
vStIM \ MTTJmS&n^ i?? feet; our new modem Fteamer. Allca
JKy# , V *\SSfflßl v , - lop 3l op 3 there In^ to Dawson City; our
/W#V <.-oFSv i *stt^BS book free. Alaska Transportation Co. 224
.<( Ml^ \*~~Wk~s^Sßm^ Montgomery St.. opp. Rues House.
iliiJiF yiiwEfSTco;
' \^Fs!l 339 HOWARD STREET.
''■■■'! Ly/^l-- ■> '" :^v^ GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
jjl'jy^ p. & B. PRODUCTS.
TRANSPORTATION P & B " BUILDING PAPER and P. * B.
1^. A i NS "rsi_ i?"il- ~~ i — READY ROOFING, sold by all flrst-class deal-
■ | * jr* 1/ II ;'; ' \f 111/ A\l ; ers ' are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
l\ I /\2^|v/\ "I LJ IVVyI 1 ' Bonable ln P rice and easy to transport. They
- ** --J - "*■ . ■ ■■ keep heat, . cold, dampness and dust out or
TRA W^PHRTATION f!0 ' buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
InMliOrUni/MlUll UUi I trade. PARAFFINE PAINT CO., 118 Battery;
1 Will Dispatch the Clipper Ship I st. Tel. No.. Main 1763. .
RUFUS E. IA/OOD .„.-„ roats ftc —
MAY 10, 1898, for ST. MICHAEL, connecting 6Ltu& - BUAIO,. Clt.
with our line of river steamers for DAWSON. - ' — - ~ —
• Secure your passage and freight space imme- | ARCTIC sleds, -rctlc docs. Yukon boats,
dlately for the first trip up the river, .as it is ! pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfits,
going very fast. . i steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
We will have some freight space left for St. j boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can bo
Michael. seen at salesroom. G. W. ■ KNEASS. 718 Third
Apply at 3 STEUART st., San Francisco, Cal. I st. 'Phone Red 236 L
B
You know that our minister used to be a practicing
physician. He was a graduate of the College of Physi-
cians and Surgeons, New York, and he says of Ripans
Tabules that the formula has long been in favor with
medical men, but the method of preparation in the pres-
ent form is modern and a very great convenience. He
lately spoke .of them to me in ; these 'very words : "I
always keep a vial of the Tabules upon my dressing-
table and use them with confidence whenever occasion
arises. For a disturbed condition of the digestive or-
gans 1 I know of nothing so good, and for an 'all round'
family remedy I do not believe there is anything better
to be had.'
feeling was manifested in the East and
here. He says that all uirough the coun
try wherever ho traveled business houses
anfl private residences floated the starg
and stripes. Not a flagstaff waa bare, and
houses unprovided with tlnm floated Old
Glory from the balconies and the second
story windows. He said the floating ot
the national colors seems to be the ex
ception instead of the rule.
Here also all the excitement seems to
be on the streets and around the bulle
tin boards, while in Washington and else
where the excitement is greatest behind
closed doors. xhere are no unusual
crowds on the Eastern streets, but the
people walk along at a more lively g.iit
than usual, snowir™ suppressed excite
ment, none the less intense than that ex
hibited more freely in the cities of the
Pacific Slope.
H. R. Cooper, who accompanied Mr.
Morse to the East, returned with Mr.
and Mrs. Morse.
FAILURE TO PROVIDE.
The Troubles of Clay H. Powell, a
Student of Pharmacy.
Clay H. Powell, a student of the Col
lege of Pharmacy, appeared before Judge
Campbell yesterday afternoon to answer
a charge of failing to provide for his
child. His attoFney got a continuance
til! Monday.
It seems that Powell was clandestine
ly married in San Rafael about a year
ago to a daughter of Orrin White of Lar
kin street. They did not live together,
as Powell was unabie to provide a home
for her. She gave birth to a daughter
about a week ago and the wife's father
Insists upon Powell supporting the child.
Powell will claim that he was drunk from
whisky and absinthe when the marriage
took place and that he did not know
what he was doing. He will also claim
that he was not 21 years of age, and if
he should so testify he will get himself
into trouble on a charge of perjury
It Is understood that Powell has "insti
tuted proceedings for a divorce and .Mon
day a lively time is expected.
Injured by a Baker's Wagon.
L. D. Jones, a boy about five years of
age, living at 1020 Folsom street, was
knocked down by a baker's wagon at
Mission and Mary streets yesterday. One
of the wheels passed over his abdomen
and left leg. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital. Dr. Weil thinks ho
may be suffering from internal injuries.
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver weaker.
Wheat and Barley lower.
Other Cereals unchanged.
Flour steady.
Hay and Feedstuff unchanged.
V.cans very firm. ■
Unseed Oil and Lucol higher.
Twenty-three failures last week.
New Onions on the market.
Butter lower. Cheese weak.
Kegs unchanged.
Poultry still a drug.
Cherries still scarce.
Herri sell fairly.
Prune* cleaning up slowly.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides and Leather doing better.
Small Hogs not wanted.
Cordage advanced.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports S3
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Ten-l
as compared with i 3 for the previous
n nth and 23. for xh» corresponding week of
I 4I 4 •: The failures for the past year are divided
tli" trails v follows: Hotel and sa
in, 1; fruit shipper. 1; grocers, 2: contractors
a'^d builders, 2; painter. 1; general stores, 2;
j : ::::ber. 1. wood and con.l, 1; restaurants, 2;
livery. U boots and shoes. 1; butchers. 2:
. icars, 1; wagon maker, 1; stationery, etc., 1;
saloon, 1; Jeweler, 1; confectionery. L
OUR FINE CREDIT.
THE WAR SEEMS TO HAVE NO EFFECT
WHATEVER UPON IT.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"The absence of panic or sensation In the
very presence of war is something remarkable
and has rarely been witnessed In the world's
money markets under the influence of like con
ditions. Such catastrophes are Invariably at
tended with panic on the Bourses and violent
fluctuations Jn the money markets, which ex
tend to other countries than those directly
concerned In the hostilities. In our case, we
have stood peculiarly exposed to suffer from
effects of this nature. We are probably the
moat largely debtor nation In the world. Eng
land, Germany. Holland and France hold, ac
cording to common estimate, fully $2,000,000,000
of our Investments. These creditors have re
cently had their confidence severely tested by
the late sliver agitation; and it might be ex
pected that those fears would be acutely re
vived by the financial strain to which this war
may subject the country- That such appre
hensions would cause a more or less important
return of corporate securities from Europe was
naturally to be expected, and. in fact, has been
looked for. But no such movement has ap
peared to any appreciable extent. The foreign
organs of financial opinion, which at times
have had much to say about the possibility of
our drifting upon the silver basis, have had
nothing to suggest about that danger being In
creased by the contingencies of war finance;
American securities have held their own by the
side of the issues of other countries, while
Spanish 4s have declined 30 points, and the
r. mount of stocks and bonds returned to our
home market has not been at all abnormal In
n mount. This experience is the more remark
able in view of the fact that the floating in
debtedness of Europe to the United States is so
altogether extraordinary as to furnish a strong
motive for Influencing the return of our se
curities In order to avert shipments of gold.
Within a few weeks about $65,000,000 of gold
have been sent i..>..er In settlement of trade
balances, and a balance of not less than $30,-
OiVt.nno still remains to be liquidated. Under
ordinary conditions, such a state of the ex
changes would have caused large sums of our
st-ourlties to be sent home, but no such move
ment of any moment has occurred. This fact
rap be accounted for only upon the supposition
that the foreign holders of these Investments
feel satisfied that, at present prices, they are
sound and safe, even in the prospect of the un
certainties of war. This tacit verdict expresses
the opinion of the banking and Investment in
terprets of Europe upon the effect the war Is
likely to have on the commercial and financial
stability of this country. It would not have
hr-en surprising had our foreign creditors
deemed it a wise course to sell their holdings
of our securities in anticipation of the war,
v.ith a view of buying them back after the
pressure of the struggle had worked its full
effect upon them; and the fact that they have
not done so can only be regarded as implying
confidence not only in the future value of these
Investments, but also In our being able to sus
tain the burdens of hostilities without serious
consequences, and In our being able to bring
the struggle to an early and successful Issue."
IyXPLANATTON.
The arrow files with the wind. The top fig- i
ures at station indicate minimum temperature (
for the days; those underneath it. If any, the i
• mount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches '.
ami hundredtns during; the , a3t twelve hours. !
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal j
air pressure: Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres- j
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied !
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually '
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
alone th» coast, and the isobars extend north
nnd south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when th» "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vlc.nity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO, April 29, 3 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date !
last season:
Past " This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season. '
Eureka 0 31.21 48.73
7'ed Bluff 0 12.30 24.13
Sacramento 0 8.87 17.
f^sui Francisco 0 7.75 ■ 22.60
Fresno 0 4.01 10.62.
inn Lain Oblspo 0.02 8.07 20.71 i
L'is Angeles Trace i.M 18.76 i
Bnn i lego 0.01 4.23 11.R6 I
Vuma 0 ■■-... 1.68 5.35 •
£h:i Francisco temperature: Ma-ximum, hu; I
minimum,- 40; mean, 63.
• WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL I
VJ.^V-. FORECASTS..
The pressure has fallen -steadily during the
past 1 ! hours over the greater portion of the
Pacific Slope. A trough of -low pressure over
lies Eastern California and extends through,
Arizona and thence northward into Southern
Idaho; The pressure is 29,50 inches or leas in
tho great valley* ■■' California.
The temperature has fallen over Utah, Ari
zona, Nevada and Eastern California. f
Rain ha« fallen, at Los Angeles, San Luis
Oliispo, San Diego and Carson City. Showers
fire also reported over the northern half of the
Pacific Coast and In Utah, Wyoming and
Montana.
Th» following maximum wind velocities are
report EurekA, 3<> miles per hour from the
northwest; lied Bluff, 26 north; Carson City,
S2 southwest.
Conditions am more favorable for unsettled
weather and showers in California Saturday
than they: have been for some time past.
Forecasts mode at San Francisco for thirty
hour?, ending, midnight, April 30. IS9S:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather, with shower* parly Saturday morn
\r.r, in the Interior: northerly winds inland;
westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— early Saturday
morning; cloudy • ■•day; fresh westerly
wind. ' •
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday.' with showers in
northern uortlflp,
Utah — Clout'ty Saturday, with showers. --'--- I,'
Arizona— Cloudy and unsettled ■ weather Sat
urday.
San Franclßco and vicinity— Cloudy and un-
BPttlei- weather Saturday; fresh westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpata taken
at R p. m.-^lear; wind southwest, light; tem
perature, 69; maximum, 62.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Ajprtl 28.— The bull campaign
Inaugurated yesterday was continued' with ag
gressive vigor to-day In the stock market, and
prices were lifted from 1 to nearly 4 points
throughout the active list. The sharp advance
did not bring out any large amount of offer-
Ings to realize, but there was some proilt
taklng, apparently by small traders, in the last
dealings, which clipped off the extreme gains
for the day. It was noticeable, however,
throughout the day that any marked reaction
In prices Immediately led to a cessation of
offerings and the market fell into Intense dull
ness. The rather hesitating and unsettled tone
of Americans in London was Ignored and
prices were confidently advanced here from the
opening. There was no important opposition
to the bull campaign and prices moved quite
easily, the supply of stocks continuing rather
limited. The volume of business showed fur
ther increase ov«r yesterday and further addi
tions to the list of active stocks.
| The speculative leaders, which were bought
, by the bull coterie, were followed by other
stock* whose friends desired to see them keep
pace with the rest of the market- There were
j no new developments during the day beyond
! the continued confidence In the general sltua
! tlon. The declaration of neutrality by Portu
gal may possibly have had some slight influ
ence. The main consideration was the satis
faction felt over the excellent gunnery of the
{ United States ships at Matanzas and In pur
! suit of prizes and the Ineffective efforts of the
Spanish gunners. The skill thus demonstrated
i impart a a atronff conviction as to the su
periority of the United States forces. Early
Intelligence is also confident of a naval vie
; tory over the Spaniards off the Philippine*.
; The strength of the market was quite general,
| but none of the specialties, notably Sugar,
Manhattan and Metropolitan Street Railway,
moved more orderly than the general list. The
Grangers, as usual, led the railroad list. For
eign exchange was lower, demand sterling
breaking sharply 4c to $4 84. The discount
rate in London also declined. This led to re
newed talk of gold Imports, and the stiffening
of the call loan rate was a further factor
j toward this end. The abundant supply of
: money which has been available for call loans
, has been based, however, on the disinclination
of lenders to put their funds Into time loans
I and commercial paper. Accommodations in
these departments are now more easily had
and the outlook Is believed to favor easier
money conditions.
There is increased Inquiry for railroad bonds,
; with the promise of easier conditions In the |
; money market. Prices moved upward to-day |
on an increased volume of business. Total
sales, $1,450,000.
I Government bonds were strong. The new
' 4s coupon and the seconds advanced 1 per
cent, the new 4's registered and the old 4's
' registered 4 and the old 4's coupon and the
S*a coupon \i per cunt In the bid price. There
. were sales of the new 4's, both coupon and i
registered, at an advance of M over the last !
Rale price, but the old 4's registered showed a
; decline of 4 on actual sales from the last
J price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 297,600
shares, including: Atchlson preferred. 6317;
J Burlington. 17.392; Louisville an.l Nashville, '
, 6075; Manhattan, 12,232; Metropolitan Street I
Railway, 9P3i; Northern Pacific, 796 i; do pie- •
i ferred, 12,?ft2; Rock Island, 12,125; St. Paul. !
■ 2?.3"f>; I'nion Pacific preferred, 8,032; Amer
ican Tobacco, 17,765, People's Gas, 5559; Sugar,
i 99,077.
CLOSING STOCKS.
: Atchlson 10% [St P & Om 71
Do pref 25 Do pref 140
Baltimore & Ohio 154 St P M & M 130
Canada Pacific ... 814 So Pacific 124
i Canada Southern. 48 So Railway 7\ ;
Cent Pacific 104 l)o pref 25 u, |
| Ches & Ohio ... 18% Texas & Pacific. BVfc
1 Chi & Alton 154 Union Pacific ... Si*
Chi B & Q 92% U P D & Q 5%
; Chi & E 111 4!> Wabash $U
ICCC ft St L.... 27% Do pref 15%
Do pref 70 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del A Hudson ... 1»54 110 pref S 7 *
Del L & W 141 Kxpress Companies-
Den & R G 10 Adams Ex 97
Do 42 American Ex 12<1
Erie <new) 113% United States 36
Do Ist pref 33% Wells Far«o 114
Ft Wayne 166 Miscellaneous—
i;t N'.>r pref 147 A Cot fill 164
Hooking Valley .. 54 r>n pref fi;u 2
Illinois Central .. 9^4 Amn Spirits 10>«
I^ke Erie & \\\. 13% Po pref 25
Do pref 69 Am Tobacco 1024
Lake Shore isn Do pref 113 I
Louis & Nash 47 5 ), People's Gas 91
Manhattan L 94% Cons Gas 173^.
Met St Ry 139' s Com Cable C 0.... 150
Mich Cent mi Col F & Iron 17% i,
Minn & St L 24 T>o pref 90
Do Ist Dref .... 7 Gen Electric Sl%
Mo Pacific 26% Illinois Steel 45
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Laclede Gas 42
Mo X & T 10U Lead 2&J4
Do pref 37 Do pref lofti
Chi Ind & L 7 Nat Lin Oil 15
Do pref 23 Or Imp Co 264 '
N J Central 93 Pacific Mail B%
N V Central .... 1094 Pullman Palace .. 17n
N V Chi & St L. 114 Silver Cert .W,
, Do Ist pref .... 60 Stand R& T 3% ;
Do 2d pref 2S Sugar 121 7*7 *
Nor West 11% Do pref insi, !
No Amer Co 634 T C & Iron 19%* l
No Pacific 23*; U S Leather .... 5*
Do pref 62 Do pref 5*
Ontario & W.... 13^4 U S Rubber IS
Or R & Xav 43 Do pref 6.'«j
Or Short Line 26 West Union 86% \
Pittsburg 167 Chi &N W 117%
Reading 16*; Do pref 1724 I
Do Ist pref .... 384 St L & S W t%
Rock Island 84 T» Do pref 9
St L & S F 5% R <l W 23
Do Ist pref 65 Do pref 53
Do 2d pref 23% Chi G W 1«%
St Paul 874 Haw Com Co .... tVA
Do pref 140% I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 1184 N Carolina 6s 12<i
Do coup 119% Do 4s 1024
U S 4s 107 No Pac lsts 1134
Do coup 1084 I>o 3s 68%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s 914
U S 5b reg 110% N V C & S L 4s. 100
Do 5s coup 1114 Nor & W 6s 1154
District 3.65s 112 Northwstrn cons. 135
Ala clasß A 1084 Do deb 5s 1144
Do B 10S4 O Nay lsts 112
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 90
Do Currency ... 90 O S Line 6s tr 117
Atchlson 4s £6 OS Line 5s tr. ... 974
Do adj 4s 68 O Imp lstß tr 102%
Can So 2ds 104 Do Ss tr 51
Chi Term 4s 81% Pacific 6s of 95.... 1024
C & Ohio 6e 112% Reading 4s 75%
C H & D 445.... I"4H ROW lsts 784
D & R G lsts.... lf>B IFt L & I M C 55.. 874
D & R G 4s SS«4ISt L & S F G 65. . 1174
East Term lsts.. 1034 St P Con 139
Erie Gen 4n 664 St P C & P lsts.. 114
FW & D lsts tr. 664 Do 5s 11l
Gen Elec 5s 99 So Ry 5s 874
GH& S A 65.... 106 Stand R* T 65.. 55 |
j Do 2ds 103 Term new set 35.. 85
I H & T Css 109 T&P L G lsts... 984
I Do con 6s 100 Do Rg 2ds Sl%
lowa C lsts 95 T.T PD & G lfltn.. M%
! I^a new cons 45.. 90 Wab Ist 5s 1074
L & N Unl 4b.... 84 Do 2ds 76 '
1 Missouri 0s 100 W Shore 4s 1034
M X & T 2d5.... 58% Va Centura .... X
Do 4s 84% Do deferred ... 5
N J Central lsts. 1134 I! P pref 51* i !
! N J C 6s Uo*4l XT P 4s 90% i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15|Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 0*- Ophlr M
Con Cal & Va.... 55 Plymouth 12
I Dead wood 75 Quicksilver 1 00 j
I Gould & Curry — 16 Do pref 200
; Hale & Norcross. 45 Sierra Nevada ... 65 !
I Homestake 37 00 Standard 1 60 j
Iron Silver 42 Union Con 10
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket .... 05
BOSTON.
BOSTON April 29.— Atchison, 10%; Burling
ton, 924; Mexican Central. 4%c; Oregon Short
J Line, ; San Diego, ; Bell Telephone, 247.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, ,vprll 29.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here to-day were good on the con
tinued arrivals of gold, nearly 700,000 pounds
coming In to-day. I have reason to believe,
however, that not much more Is to come from
Germany or France. There is yet a slight
American demand for gold.
Americans opened above the New York parity,
and were a good market, closing a fraction be
low the best. Canada Pacific and Grand Trunk
■were strong on the growing expectation of the
end to the rate war Boon.
Kaffirs were better and show signs of Im
proving a little. The Transvaal Government
wants a loan, and It Is said neither Germany
r.or England will negotiate until more con
cessions have been granted. The West Aus
tralian market troubles continue and will not
be arranged until next week. There were four
failures to-day and more are expected.
, A statement is expected soon relative to the
Indian currency commission.
CLOSING.
Canadian Parlflc. S4; Grand Trunk, BV4; bar
silver, steady, 26 6 16d per ounce; money, I\@
2 per cent.
MADRID, April 2? —Spanish 4s closed at 61. 3g.
Gold was quoted at £3.<>o.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. April 29.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18.590; exports, 14,691. Quieter, but steadily
held.
WHEAT— Receipts, 151.300. Spot steady; No.
1 red, $1 21^i f. o. b. afloat to arrive. Options
reflected the heavy break In Liverpool with a
pronounced opening decline, later Increased
by fine crop news and big Northwestern re
ceipts. An afternoon rally followed on export
business, but was not sustained, the close
being easy at ll'2c net lower; No. 2 red May,
$1 K'Gl 20>-i, closed Jl 19%.
HOPS— Steady; State, common to choice, 1X96
crop, 7<GRc; 1597 crop, .".■s6c; Pacific Coast, 1595
crop, 46,".c: 1896 crop. 7@Bc; 1597 crop, 15#16c.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM- Dull.
METALS— The metal market lacked Impor
tant features to-day, ruling quiet but firm at
about yesterday's figures. At the close the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants unchanged. |7 50 asked.
COPPER— Unchanged, $12 26 bid and JIJ 45
asked.
TlN— Quiet; $14 70.
SPELTER— Quiet, $4 15 bid and »4 20 asked.
LEAD— Firmer, $3 75 bid and $3 80 asked.
The firm fixing the settling price for leading
mining securities and smelters in the West
continues to quote lead at $3 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
unchanged to 5 points lower. Sales, 16,000
bags, including May. $6 05@6 10. Spot coffee—
Rio firmer; No. 7 invoice, 7c; No. 7 Jobbing,
74c; mild, firm; Cordova, 74@154c
SUGAR— Raw, strong; held higher; fair re
fining. 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; refined,
strong.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3395 packages. Very firm;
Western creamery, 15@17c; Elgins, 17c; factory,
124<??15c.
EGGS — Receipts, 8341 packages. Steady;
Western, lH»c; Southern, 10%@llV4c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April 29.— California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@74c;
prime wire tray, B%c; wood-dried,, prime, B%®
84c: choice, B%c; fancy, 9@»4c.
PRUNES— 344iSc. -
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 64@8c; Moorpark. 84®
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Bc; peeled, ll@l4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 29.— the first time in j
five days the Liverpool market showed signs j
of weakening. It started at declines averaging j
2ftc a bushel, except for spot grain, whici I
was quoted ' 14c higher. This was the first |
setback in the foreign market after 21fte ad
vance. The bears were Jubilant, thinking as
they did that the so-called speculative bubb'e
abroad had exploded. Quotation* were lfts3c
a bushel higher from London and 2ftd at
Paris, but were quietly ignored, and July,
which closed here yesterday worth 9F4c start
ed at from gS^ig^STio. A little covering car
ried it up to 94ftc. This demand was . soon
filled, and bottom was not reached until July
had sold at 924 c. Closing Liverpool cables
brought the bulls no relief, that market wind-
Ing up at the bottom of a 6c decline for July.
But the local crowd, which had apparently
sold short almost to a man. tried to cover half
an hour before the close and had to compete
with heavy New York buying. The result was
a bulge of 2ftc In July, which touched 94% c.
Realizing carried It back to 934 cat the close,
a net loss of 2 cents. May, which opened
$1 204@l 21. sold off to $1 174, closing at $1 20,
a net loss of 2'sc.
Corn was fairly heavy for the most part.
The lowest prices were at the start, out the
heavy feeling prevented any material recovery.
July closed ftc net lower.
Oats opened weak, but heavy purchases
against cash acceptance caused, a rally, espe
cially In May, which closed 14c net higner.
July gained 4c.
The demand for lard was the feature In pro
visions to-day. Some covering of pork and ribs
was Induced by the independent strength of
lard and the market closed strong. July pork
closed 224 1 ' net lower, July lard closed 10c
higher and July ribs 2Hc net higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May 1204 121 1174 120
July 93 1 -* 94% 924 934
September 814 82'» 814 824
December. 80 SIS 80 81 •
Corn. No. 2—
May : 33% 33% 334 33%
July 34 34% . 33T4 34%
September 35 354 84% 354
Oats, No. 2—
May 29 31% 29 30%
July 254 284 25 28
September 23?, 23% 23 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 1100 11 05 10 774 10 85
July 1110 11 30 11 00 1110
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May 6 624 8 674 5 624 6 674
July 5 574 675 6 574 675
September 5 674 5 524 6 674 6 824
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 540 5 474 640 6 474
July 5 424 6 524 6 424 550
September 5 50 660 650 60
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, '
steady and unchanged No. 2 spring Wheat, I
$1 05<gl 10; No. 3 spring Wheat. $1 0181 10; No. '
2 red. $1 174@l 20; No. 2 Corn. 34% c; No. 2 |
Oats, 294@30c; No. 2 white. 32@"32ftc; No. 3 i
white. 31»4@32c; No. 2 Rye, 604 c; No. 2 Barley !
44<?50e; No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 30%!g"l 31; Prime j
Timothy Seed. $2 424: Mess Pork, per barrel. '
$10 85010 90; Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 60© 5 65; '
Short Rib Sides, loose, s@7ftc; Dry Salted
Shoulders, boxed, 4% iff sc; Short Clear Sides
boxed, $5 75(^5 96; Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,700 6 f>oo
Wheat, bushels 72,<VM 46liW>
Corn, bushels 374.000 "93, niV)
Oats, bushels 393.000 270 O.H
| Rye. bushels ll.'**) H. 009
; Barley, bushels 28.000 19,200
On the Produce Exchange today the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 13<jil64c - j
dairies, 12'315c. Eggs, firm; fresh, lO'^c. Cheese,
Aull and unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments. ;
Bushels. Bushels. !
Minneapolis 263.470 34.320
1 I'uluth 103.514 2K6 777 :
Milwaukee 66.400 650 !
: Chicago 72.337 45.813 1
'Toledo 61.475 86 600!
: St. Louis 37,000 93,000 i
I Detroit 2L916 2.999 '
i Kansas City 69,000 21.500 i
Totals 665,112 523,659
: Tidewater—
. Boston 734 107,056
; New York 181,300
: Philadelphia 8,657 3.804 ;
! Baltimore 57.381 106.772 i
! New Orleans
Galveston 600 24.000 I
Totals 248.672 240,632 !
Paris futures.
Wheat— April. May. j
Opening 68 45 67 85
Closing 68 00 67 00
Flour-
Opening 33 00 3185
.Closing 32 95 3150
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 9 2% 7 9 7 1
Closing 9 8 9 1 7 7% 7 14
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 29.— CATTLE— The demand
for cattle was fairly good. Beef steers. $3 80<3>
$5 25. the bulk selling at $4 40:34 90; stockers
and feeders, $3 90<@4 85 for common to choice;
bulls. $2 75@4 25; calves. $5®6. .
HOGS— Were In fair demand, but averaged
2<4c lower. Sales ranged from S3 75@4 10 for
common to best, principally •at $3 90<3>4 024 •
pigs brought 13 65® J 86; prime heavy hogs sold
12% c above the best llrht.
SHEEP— Trade In sheep was dull. Lambs
! were slightly lower. Wooled lambs $6(25 45;
clipped do. {406; clipped sheep, $3@3 80.
| Receipts— 3000; hogs, 27,000; sheep,
8000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April 29.— CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 31 r.O natives. Market steady to 10c
; higher; native steers, S3 65@5; native cows and
heifers, $2 25^4 (0: stookers and feeders. " 40 ®
j $6 2; bulls, J2 EOOI W.
HOGS— Receipts. 13.900. Market steady to 6c
i lower; bulk of sales. 13 70(53 85; heavies. {3 75®
$4; packers and mixed. $3 70®3 95; lights. $3 65
I «?3 75: porkers, $3 7093 75; pigs, $3 4503 70
SHEEP— Receipts, 2300. Market steady to
( strong; lambs, J4QS 35; muttons. J3@3 i.0.
■ » • OMAHA. •
OMAHA, April 29.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000;
| j active and stronger. Native beef steers $3 90®
1| $4 90: Western steers, »3 70@4 60; cows and
■ i heifers. S3 25@4 25; stockers and feeders S3 70
| ! @4 SO: bulls and stags. $2 50®3 70.
' HOGS— Receipts, 6300. Market steady. Heavy
$3 73®3 85; mixed. S3 75@3 77%; bulk .f sales
S3 75@3 80. ■ ;. ; > - • '
SHEEP— Receipts, 6500. Market strong Fair
to choice natives, S3 80@4 60; fair to choice
■ Westerns, $3 60@4 40; lambs, $4 25@5 40.
DENVER.
DENVER. April 29- CATTLE — Receipts
1200. Market steady. Beef steers. $3 SO«4 40 '•
cows, $3(54; feeders, freight paid to river'
$4@4 40; stockers, $4@4 60; bulls and stags, $2®
$3 20.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market ouiet Light
packers, $8 70@3 80; mixed, $3 70@3 75- heavy
$3 65' ad 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 900. Market firm. Good
fat muttons, |3 25@4 50; lambs, $4 60® 7.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 29.— Consols, 111 B-l«; Silver,
26 5-16 d; French Rentes. 102f 624 c
LIVERPOOL,. April Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard . California Wheat, •■ 48s ,3d; cargoes
Walla Walla Wheat, 4Gs 9d; cargoes off coast,
sellers Indifferent operators, fidfirls higher; : car
goes on passage, sellers at >• advance, 6d@is
higher: English country markets, < strong-
French country markets," strong; Liverpool
Wheat, No. 1 California. 9s lld@10s; Wheat In
Paris, weak; Flour in Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 19-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot firm;' No. 1 . red northern
spring. 9? 7d. i .
CORN— Spot American mixed ■ new, quiet,'
4s 3^<i; May, quiet, 4s Id; July, quiet, 3s lid. •
, FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm. 12s 3d
HOPS— At London ' (Pacific Coast), dull
£2 10s@£4 10s. ,< ';
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., April ,29.— Most of the
Wheat ; buyers were out of the : market to-day,
and when forced to give In quotations would
not venture over 93c to 95c for • Walla Walla
and 98c to $1 for valley and blue stem. |
Cleared — British ship Mistley Hall, for
Queenstown. with 101,112 bushels of W heat;
British steamer Braemar, for the Orient, with
42,664 barrels of Flour. The Braemar's Is the
largest cargo of Flour ever Bent from a Pacific
Coast port for the Orient. : .
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April WHEAT— 1 club,
93c; No. 1 blue stem. $1.
.:-"-' PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
■ r '....■ ■:. ■_■■.— : • ' ' • >■ -
| PORTLAND, Or.; April 29.— Exchanges, *354 (
,622; balances, J75.533,
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, April 29. -COTTON— Easy;
middling, 5%c.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. April 29.— R. O. Dun A Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
Hostilities have not as yet changed last
week's conditions. There Is much postpone
ment of orders by men who do not know what
they are waiting for and much restriction of
loans by banks which are abundantly strong.
All this checks new business, and yet the vol
ume of transactions through clearing-houses
Is 8 per cent larger than the same week in
1892, with no foreign trouble. But this increase
would be much larger but for speculative stag
nation here. New York clearings being 2.1 per
cent smaller than In 1892. Railroads are doing
a great business, 5.7 per cent larger than in
ISS2 in April earnings thus far and 13.9 larger
than last year.
Many have been asserting about every day
for the past two weeks that the wheat specu
lation has culminated, but the price has in
that time advanced 214 c SUe within the past
week. Receipts of 2,746,790 bushels at the West
this week, against 1.562.835 a year ago, and
averaging 250,000 bushels per week for Janu
ary, February and March, show no exhaustion
of supplies, while exports amounting to 3,704,
675 bushels from Atlantic ports, against 043,148
last year, and 786,078 from Pacilic ports,
against 186,5)41 last year, flour included in ail
cases, makes exports for the four weeks 12,093,
768 from Atlantic and 2,880.020 from Pacific
ports, and for the crop year thus far 1&0.661.678
bushels, against 127.168.684 bushels during the
same months and weeks of last year.
Corn exports for the week were 3.773,280 bush
elß, against 3.029,0 ft last year, and for four
weeks have been 12.266.651 bushels, against 12.
260,207 bushels last year. This makes about
151,000,000 bushels for the crop year. No such
foreign demand for both grains has ever been
known, and it does not seem to be satisfied at
all as yet.
Confusing accounts about the great indus
tries cannot cause surprise. In view of the con
tradictory influence of monetary stringency,
curtailing many orders, heavy orders by the
Government in many branches and all-pervad
ing confidence that after temporary conditions
business Is to be better. The Government le
buying many uniforms and great quantities
of supplies, cloths, shoes, copper wire and iron
for vessels and armament, and the purchasing
of many ships compels building of other ves
sels.
Banking caution at the same time is stop
ping work in some Iron and woolen mills. Yet
confidence as to future business causes refusal
of very many contracts for long time, the
holding of wool above its current manufacture
value and a marked rise in hides.
The consumption of iron is still the greatest
ever known, though many structural and car
contracts have been deferred. The week has
witnessed Eastern inquiries for plate at Chi
cago and a general advance of $2 per ton, with
refusal of bids by implement makers at Chi
cago for bar iron, because higher prices in the
future are expected and Eastern buying of
bars from Chicago for car building, with a
shade lower prices at Pittsburg for Bessemer
pig, because the associated producers hold to
agreed prices, although middlemen are selling
at lower figures. In spite of any agreement
by foundrymen and forge producers the price
of gray forge at Pittsburg slightly declines.
Considerable orders for steel rails for export
have been received during the week. With but
two or three structural orders of consequence
the works are fully employed for months to
come.
Woolen manufactures are doing rather bet
ter, large Government orders helping. Sales
of wool are about a sixth of last year's for
April, half of those In 1896 and a third of
sales in 1892, though Eastern buyers are weak,
but country holders are sticking for higher
prices.
Failures for the week have been 262 in the
United States, against 237 last year, and 16
In Canada, against 40 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. April 29.— The following table,
compiled by Rradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at eitfhty-nlne cities for the week ended
April 2R, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Per Cent.
Inc. Dec.
New York $ 624.459.450 36.6
Boston 85,983,031 7.2
Chicago 101.512.655 27.3 ....
Philadelphia 59.319,186 13.9
St. Louis 25.475,663 9.8
Ptttsburg 2'i.a<7.474 56.4
Baltimore 16,998,804 32.2
San Francisco 16,267,404 15. 2 ....
Cincinnati 11.555.800 6.5
Kansas City 10.773.300 6.1 .... \
New Orleans 7.673,752 20.4 I
Minneapolis 9.7<>1,063 52.7 ....
Detroit 5.05M26 23.7
Cleveland 7.036.020 33.4
Louisville 5.735,203 6.2 .... !
Providence 4.024.50) .... 9.3 ,
Milwaukee 4.872.370 27.4
St. Paul 3.542.677 43.3
Buffalo 3.704,756 15.5
Omaha 4.502.999 14.0
Indianapolis 5,664,912 57.8
Columbus, 0 3.849.200 15.8
Savannah 1.713,300 4.6
Denver 2.439.570 4.3 ,
Hartford 2,121,41."> .... .... I
Richmond 2.049.346 .... 1.6
M»mphl» 1.535.071 1^.2
Washington 1.55 V. 24S 11.1
Peorla 1.695.42:! 46.4
Rochester 1,490.794 18.0
New Haven 1.355.11S 12.7
Worcester 1.473.11 s * ' 6.8
Atlanta 1.713.238 14.5
Salt Lake City 1.331.574 10.4
Springfield. Mass... 1.295.656 6.9
Fort Worth 1,752,263 41.5
Portland. Me 962.93R .... 19.4
Portland Or 2,136,164 IKS.6
St. Joseph 3,131.961 222.1
Los Angeles 1.295.39 ft 32.3
Norfolk 941,942 11.5
Syracuse 982,993 1.0
Dcs Molnes 1,719,463 78.1
Nashville 1.079.399 20.1
Wilmington. Del... 656.66<i .... LSI
Fall River 545.22S .... 27.9 i
Scranton 8P4.622 21.6 j
Grand Rapids 850,197 14.8 .... \
Augusta. Ga 748,906 3.6 I
Lowell 592,508 .... 17.0 i
Dayton, 0 693.229 37.5 .... |
Seattle 1.123.824 139.5
Tacoma 960.550 134.7
Spokane 1.092.326 92.1
Sioux City 713.!>46 28.4
New Bedford 434.!l r >4 3.5
Knoxville, Term.... 563.729 8.4
Topeka 520,879 37.1
Birmingham 458,348 19.6 ....
Wichita 441.416 .... 1.8
Blnghamton 330.100 10.7
Lincoln 355.193
Lexington. Ky 349,898 20.7
Jacksonville, Fla. .. 197.878 .... 8.4
Kalamazoo 311.300 17.3
Akron 200.W3 9.8
Bay City 280.072 9.7
Chattanooga 285.000 32.5
Rockford. 11l 252,153 38.5
Canton, 0 210.50H 32.0
Springfield. 0 146,442 U.O
Fargo. N. D 163,511 15. 9
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 97.431 59.0
Hastings, Neb 114.337 2S.'i
Fremont, Neb 104.967 «2.5
Davenport 479. 42S 17.9
Toledo 1,863.42.1 14.5
•Galveston 6.582.900 2«.5
•Houston 4,827.279 2.3
I Youngstown 27r>,. r .S2
! Maron 478,000
| Evansville 801,974
j Helena E38.091
Totals. United
Btatea $1,093,471,146 28.1
Totals outside
NVw York 469.011.666 15. 7
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ( 13.479.10S 26.8
Toronto 7.714.336 12.4
Winnipeg 1,313.180 54.4
Halifax 1,017.741 .... 6.0
Hamilton 6M.W27 .... 17.2
St. John, N. B 513.697 .... 20.9
Totals $ 24.675.459 18.6
• Not Included In totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK. April 25 .— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say: The lark of excitement, ner
vousness or Interruption, the ordinary or
derly conduct of public affaire and particularly
business operations with which this country
has passed from peace to war, seem likely
to become historical. When contrasted with
the records, where extant, of business move- j
ments at periods In the country's history, when ',
war was the tlnal result of strained relations,
the temper with which the country has recog
nized the outbreak of hostilities with a for
eign power Is not only proof that the dullness
and depression of the past six weeks have
largely discounted the effect usually witnessed,
but furnishes a valuable index to the general
point of view taken by the business commu
nity as to the outcome of the pending war.
Little or no eff<»ct upon general trade distri
bution* of an unfavorable character is per
ceptible in the reports of the past week.
Perhaps the most notable, because most uni
form feature, has been the unanimity with
which the quotations of leading staples have
been marked up. These advances, too. have
not been confined to food products, hut Include
many widely differing articles, alike of home
and foreign «ruwth. It Is true that the great
est animation has been displayed in those pro
ducts o' the United States and foreign coun
tries, the ocean transportation of which is. in
the minds of some people, likely to be int :r
fered with. Thus wheat, whose strong statis
tical position has hern frequently referred to.
has been again marked up, chiefly because if
the excited foreign demand which ha* developed
and of the heavy advances at consuming points i
abroad. Following the leading cereal in its j
upward movement, corn, oats and flour have I
likewise advanced, while In pork and other j
animal products, notably lard, baron and |
hams, quotations have also bean marked up.
The demand for steel plates for vessels to
replace those taken by the Hovornment is also
a feature of interest and the outlook is for
activity In the ship building industry for sonir
tlme to come.
A feature of importance is the immense de
mand and rather lnmd«qu&te supply of freight
room in vessels sailing from this country In
the near future. Rates have a^ain advanced
and shipments- from several ports ;iri reported
crippled, not only by the advanced quotations,
but by the absolute scarcity in some cases of
neutral bottoms to carry freight In. The crop
situation generally Is of a most gratifying
kind, but particularly so Is that of wheat and
other grains, with the sole exception, as to lo
cality, of California, which is buying wheat
in Oregon and Washington. Undoubtedly, the
favorable crop prospects have been a stimu
lating feature tl^oughout most sections of the
country, and taken in conjunction with the
advance in cereal products, have tended very
largely to offset any possible ill effects grow
ing out of the present situation.
Cereal exports, as already noted, show a con
siderable Increase this week, wheat shipment*
from this country and Canada aggregating 4,
160,998 bushels, against 3,232.000 bushels last
week. 1,155,000 bushels in the corresponding
week a year ago, 1,260,000 bushels in 1896 and 2.
565.000 bushels In 1895.
Business failures in the United States this
week number 245. a gain of 21 over last week'»
total and compared with 244 in the correspond
ing week of 1597, 254 in ISH6 and 206 in 1895.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, April 29.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say:
Speculative conditions this week have been
a disappointment, both to those who held that
war was likely to cause further serious de
pression In stock prices and those who look
for the immediate development of an active
and excited bullish market. As a matter of
fact Wall street has not seen such a dull,
tame and waiting market in a long time. The
public is out of it. either as investors or specu
lators, and the leading operators and manipu
lators up to the la.st two days' trading rested
on their oars. Transactions by the smaller
fry were consequently of a limited and re
stricted kind, while London sold slightly at
the beginning of the week and later on showed
a disposition to purchase, but In neither case
to an extent sufficient to affect the tone de
cisively. The market was simply heavy and
lower in the early part of the week and dull
but stronger in the succeeding portion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. ..
Sterling: Exchange, 5ight... ...'...... — $4 81
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 844
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight,.. — 15-,
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 174
Fine Silver, per ounce ;..• — 86 /4
Mexican Dollars .'.... — 46^4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The millers are still drawing heav
ily on the north for supplies, and It is report
ed that there are 250 cars already on the way
to Stockton alone, besides the sea shipments.
Prices were lower all around yesterday, the
decline on call being sharp.' Paris was higher,
but Liverpool and Chicago were lower.
Tidewater quotations are: Shipping, $1 80 for
No. 1 and $1 S2V4 for choice: milling, $1 85@1 90
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
1 Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — —
2000 ctln. $1 75; 22,000, }! 74Vir 10,000. $1 74; 10.- ;
000, $1 74%; 24,000. $1 74%; 38.000, $1 74%; 14.000,
$1 "414: 12.000, $1 74M»; 4000, $1 73%: 4000, $1 73%. i
Second session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 74%;
2000, $1 74; 8000, $1 7»'»; 46.000, $1 74^.
Regular morning session — December ctls,
$174%; 2000. $1 7SVi; 4000, $1 75%; 2000. $1 75%;
6000, $1 75>»; 44,000. $1 75. .
Afternoon session — December — 8000 - ctls,
$174%; 4000, $1744: 6000, $1 74V4; 4000, $1 74V*;
4000, $1 73%; 4000, $1 74: 38.000, $1 74%.
BARLEY— There was quite a decline In the
spot market, and futures were also lower.
Trade also showed a falling off. Feed, $1 32Vi
@1 35; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
Second — December— 2ooo ctls, $133;
6000. $1 33' 2 .
Regular morning session — December 8000 ctls,
$1 33%.
• Afternoon session — December — 10,000 ctls,
$1 33%.
Previous prices rule with a dull mar
ket, * although ther« are . some sales on local
consumptive account.
Fancy Feed. $1 42'/4®l 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 3V-,i<gl 42V4; common, $1 30@l 35; Sur
prise, $1 45@1 50; gray, $1 32V4@1 37V4; milling.
$1 3501 42Vi per ctl. ;
■ CORN— .The interior is taking a good deal
of .the .Eastern Corn now arriving, and the
market shows no decline.
Small round yellow, $125 per ctl; large yel
low, $1 10@l 15: white, U 15.
RYE— 37V»(j?i 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75^2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $5 75®5 85; Bakers 1
Extras. $5 50®5 60 per bbl.
MILLSTT'FFS -Prices in sacks are n.« fol
lows, usual dlscouot to the trade: Graham
Flour. *3 per 100 lbs : Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
Ripe Flour, $6; Cornmpal, $2 50; extra cream
Crnmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
1-ominy. $3 KOI 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25:
Cracked Wheat. J3 75: FariA, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
«8 20; in sacks, $5 60«6: Pearl Barle- $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25: Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The medium grades of Hay are firm and the
upper grades are easy, so matters are thus
equalized. There is no change In Feedstuffs.
BRAN— s2l<s?2l 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23 50@25 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barlpy.s2!><ff3O per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. SSW3i 50; jobbing.
{32ft 32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cottonseed
Meal. $25(530 per ton; Cornmeal. $24 50; Crack
ed Corn. $25.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $23<<J
26 50; Wheat and Oat. $21«25; Oat. $2n<&23; Bar
ley, none: compressed Wheat, $22(825; com
pressed Oat. $20@22; Alfalfa. $15@17; Clover,
nominal; Timothy, $15>g 17.
STRAW— SI per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are very firm at the advance, with a
good demand.
BEANS— Kayos $2 95ffJ3 05: Small Whites,
$1 Po^'J or.; Large Whites, $1 75^1 90; Pinks,
$2 f.hTiZ 75: Reds. $2 25'g-2 35: Blackeye. $3 KQ
1 50; Butters, $1 65® 1 75; Limas. $3<§3 25: Pea,
$1 7S©l DO; Red Kidneys, $2 5002 75 r p r ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 2n®3 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 15@3 25; Flax. $2 25: Canary
Seed, 2Vfj2>sic per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape, 2Vi@
2%c; Hemp, 2-%ft3c; Timothy, 5@5>40.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 76@2; Green. $1 90®
2 25 per ctl. _
POTATOES, ONIONS AJ*D VEGETABLES
Lob Angeles String Beans brought S'glOc per
Ib, Green Peppers, 20c and Tomatoes $1 50 per
box.
New Onions are on the market at $1 Bo@l 75
per ctl. Otherwise there is nothing new. It
Is feared that the Summer Vegetables will be
scarce in some districts, owing to the dry
season.
POTATOES— Rose, 40@60c; River Reds.
40<g50c; River Burbanks, 50® 60c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks. 50©85 c; Petaiuma Burhanks. 50
665 c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, $I@l 25 for
Merced; new Potatoes, » 4 <HlV*c per lb.
ONlONS— Choice $2 40^2 60. Gut Onions, $1
@1 25 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 896 boxes As
paragus, 264 boxes Rhubarb and 735 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2ff2 25 for extra large, $1 50@l 75
per box tor No. 1. "r.i-'Ti sl '-'.'• for small: Khu
barb. 25@50c per box for small to good and 60@ •
7.'.c for extra choice: Green Peas, 75c@$l 25 per ;
sack; Garden Peas. ZVi^Sc per lb; String Beans,
from Vacaville. 10c; Dried Peppers, 6@7c per
lb: Dried Okra. 12',i0; Cabbage. 65©75 c per ctl:
Carrots •iU'h Zf>r per sack: Cucumbers. 3Sc(F/$l ;
per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, $1 50<gl 75 per
box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced raw, 120 per lb in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@lSc: granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRT AND GAME.
Turkeys rule firm, being scarce. Good stock
is firm, but the market is glutted with Hens.
Old Roosters are weak and dull. Ducks and
Geese are lower.
POULTRY ye Turkeys. 11^120 for Gob
blers nnd Mfn2c for Hens; Oeese. per pair,
$I®l 25; Goslings. $1 75<92: Ducks, $2 50(53 50
for old and $4(?T5 50 for young; Hens. $3(34;
!',,■,<.!■■.■?,. \'i.i.n. $>7 •» S • i.mHlrii i
$3 50(g 4; Fryers, $5 50<g6 50; Broilers, $4 SOiga
lor large. J2'<i3 50 fur small; Pigeon*, $1 ~w^
1 75 per dozen for young and $1 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal;
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter continues very weak, and most deal
ers are shading to effect sales. Cheese Is also
showing weaker symptoms. There is no change
in Eggs.
Bl.i i'Bß—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 19c; seconds,
18c. . • » <i .■ .
. Dairy— Choice to fancy, . 17 l ,j@lSVic; common,
grades, 15@170 per lb.
Eastern Hutter — Imitation creamery, 16
016% c: ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub. to arrive. 18& C. - •
CHEESE— Choice mild new, Sg'SHc; common
to . good, 7%®BVic; Cream - Cheddar, 10(gllc;
Young America. 105? lie ;, Western, ll»iic;
Eastern. 12V4S'13^c per lh.
,EGGS— Ranr-h Vcsis. 12'v<fn3V.c r>er dozen;
store Eggs, 11%@12c; Duck Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries show a very wide range, according
to quality, color, size, etc. Strawberries are
selling fairly. Gooseberries drag.
Citrus fruits range about the same.
DKCIIX'OI'S FRUITS—
Receipts were 254 chests of Strawberries and
104 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries. $4(&6 per chest for large and
$6(ftS for small berries.
Small White Cherries. 2.'<fjsoc per box; red,
50cJj$1 50; black. $1 75@2 50.
Gooseberries, 50c per drawer.
Apples, 40m JCc per box for common, 75c(5?81
for htmxJ to choice ;ind $1 2.VSI 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50(52 75;
Seedlings, I'oc'aU 25; Lemons, o'icia*l for com
mon and $1 MM 25 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. J3 50.W4;; California Limes, in
small boxes, SQ&3Oc; Bananas, $l 25^2 per
bunches; Pineapples, $3<§4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
The demand for Prunes keeps up well, and it
is thought that outside of the Santa Clara Val
ley there are but few left In the State. The
other fruita show no change.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4^
©4Hc for 40-50' 3%@4c for 50-60' s; 3«4@3% for
60-70.. 2%@3c for 70-SO's; 2*©2Vic for 80-90' 1%
41,2 c for W-lOO's;- Peaches, 3<&6c; fancy, 5V»4*
6c- peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, 5@6%c for Roy
als and 7@Bc for good to fancy ■ Moorparks ;
Evaporated Apples. 6%@7c; sun-dried, 4@sc;
Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2Hc; Plums, ihi&i\a
for pitted and l@lV4c for unpitted; bleached
Plums. 6@sVic; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime
to fancy; Pears, 2Vi@4% for quarters and'3@
B^c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for ■ two-crown, 3c for
three-crown, 3^c for: four-crown, 4%c .. for
Seedless Sultanas 2%c for Seedlesss Muscatels
and $I@l 10 for London layers; dried Grapes,
NUTS — Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb;
Walnuts 3@4c for hardshell and 4<36c for soft
shell- Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell. 6@7c for
softshell. B%@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4<S>sUc for Eastern and 4Hc for California; Pe
can*' 6V>©Sc; Filberts. B>-j@loc: Brazil Nuts,
B(ff9c' per lb: Cocoanuts, $4 60@$5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5%@
6c- light amber, extracted. 4%<&5V4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb. ■v- . C
PROVISIONS.
There Is » fair outgo at unchanged prices.
CURED MEATS— 9c per lb for
heavy, 9%c. for light medium, 10% c for light.
I lie for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10>/s®llc; Califor
nia Hams, 9^@loc: Mesa Beef. $10 60 per bbl:
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
517(5M7 50; mess, $15: Smoked Beeef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5V»c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%c;
California tierces, 6c per It) for compound
and 6V>c for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-Ib tins,
7%c; 6-Ib tins, Be. .• ■,_„., ' -
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6%c: packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-tb pails, 60 in a case. B%c;
3-Ib pails 20 In a case, B%c: 6-rb pails, 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-Ib pails. 8 In a case, B^c; 50-Ib
tins 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
rbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, 7%0 per It).
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS. .
The war Is already producing an effect cm
Hides and Leather. Both are In improved de
mand and firmer, and there are good prospects
of an advance In the near . future. Wool and
Hops are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 8>4@90; light. B%c; Cow
hides, R%@9c; Stags, sc; salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
10c- dry' Hides, Is@lfic; culls and brands, 12@
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16@16%c; dry Calf,
lSaiSc; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins,. 3i^jj37^c each;
Kids, s@loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c
per lb; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, . 20@25c each; short wool. 40@60c
each; medium. 60@80c; long wool, 80c@$l 20
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3%c per lt>;
No. 2, 21?2Hc; refined, sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
12®13c : Northern, defective, 9@llc per lb.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, ■ l(Xg>l4c per lb.
■ BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The Hog market continues well supplied, par
ticularly with small Hogs, which are not
wanted.
Wholesale ; rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; second quality,
5%#6c; third quality. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. s@6c; small, fiVi^Tc per IT).
MUTTON— Wethers. B@9c: Ewes, 8c per !b.
LAMB— BV4@9c per. lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%c for large and 4c for
medium; stock Hogs, 2@2Vic; dressed Hogs,
BH@6V4c.
. GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin. $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $S; Coos Bay. $5 60; Wallsend. $7 60:
Scotch. $10; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and
$11 50 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14. Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley. $9: Coke, $12 per
ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
Quotations are still higher. Chinese
mixed $4 60<?4 65 per ctl: No. 1. $r><Ss 05; extra
No. 1, $5 20@5 60: Hawaiian. $6; Japan, $5 40®
t 60; Rangoon, $4 75; Louisiana, $s@«.
CORDAOIi-Is higher at B>4c for Manila and
7Hc for Sisal. \." ;
OlLS— Linseed is higher at 52c per gallon
for raw and 54c for boiled in barrels; cases, 5c
more. Lucol is higher at 44c per gallon for
raw and 46c for boiled In barrels. Cases, 5c
more. ! ■ "
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube • Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6^c; Dry.
Granulated, s vie; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, s<£c: Extra C. 5%c: Golden C, sVic:
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per
ib; half barrels >4c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. _ .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, April 29.
Flour, qr ska ... 26.960 Pelts, bdls 455
Barley, ctls ..... 3,100 Lumber, ft 10,000
Tallow, ctls 724 Quicksilver, flsk. 145
Butter, ctls 336 Wool, bales 311
Cheese, ctls 84 Wine, gals 46,500
B«ans, eks 600 Lime, bbls 162
Potatoes, sks ... 926 Hides, no ;.. 95
Onions, ska .:... 5 Leather, rolls ... 308
Bran, sks 150 Eggs, doz 17,320
Hay. tons 2«5
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls ....." 340|Oat», ctls 385
Barley, ctls 740 1
EASTERN.
Corn, sks 2.4001
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs are lower and the tendency in Butter
is toward lower prices.
Meats and Poultry show little change from
last week. -V ?:>, ;
The summer Vegetables are in good supply
at about ■ last week's prices. Small lots of
Cherries and Gooseberries are occasionally
seen now. Strawberries are steadily cheap
ening.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list: ''".-.■■'■
Coal, per ton —
Cannel i <j?l2 00] Castle Gate. ll 00@
Wellington . @10 001 Pleasant VI. II 00@
New Welling- I Southfleld
ton (flO 00: Wellington @9 50
Seattle 8 00@ ! Coos 8ay.... @ 7 50
Dairy , Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy per I Common Eggs..l2H®ls
square 40<!?>— | Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 35®37 doz 15@—
Do good ..:... 30@— Honey Comb, per .
Cheese, Cal 10@12 lb 12<j?15
Cheese, Eastern. .ls@2( Do, extracted... b@lo
Cheese, Swiss ....20@3i
Meats, per pound-
Bacon 12®17 Pork, fresh ......12015
Beef, choice 12@15 Pork, salt lQt&-12
Do. good .' SKIO Pork Chops 12@13
Corned Beef B©M Round Steak ....10<ff—
Ham. Cal 12^15 Sirloin Steak ..12^®—
Do, Eastern ....— Stlo Porterhouse, do .. 17020
Lard mm! Smoked Beef ....— @ls
Mutton 10'5'12IPork Sausages ..— &2O
Spring Lamb ....12@1J Veal .12@15
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each ... 50® 60 Turkeys, pr lb 17® 17
Young Roost- Ducks, each . 60® 75
its. each ... 65@ 85 Geese, each . .1 20<??2 00
Old Rooster*. Pigeons, pair. 25® 60
each 50® — Rabbits, pair- — 0 40
Fryers, each.. EM 60 Hare, each ... @ 20
Broilers, each. 40® 50
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds. lb .. 12<?15 Limes, doz .". . . . .10® 15
Apples, lb b<a S Oranges, doz 15540
Bananas, doz 15@2C Raisins, lb s@lo
Cherries, per 1b..10,«3"' Strawberries, pr
Gooseberries. 1b..10<512 basket 10@12
Lemons, doz .. 20<825 Walnuts, lb 15@—
Vegetables-
Asparagus, lb .... 4@ 8 Dried Okra, 1b....— ©20
Artichokes, .d0z...10(&25 Onions, lb 4@ 5
Beets, doz 12Q15 Peppers, dried ..10«S>12
Beans, white, lb.. 4'ir 5 Potatoes, lb 2® 3
Colored, lb W> C Do Sweet — <j| 3
Lima, lb oft? 6 Parsnips, doz ....15@20
Cabbage, each .. 5(glO Rhubarb, lb ...... MIS
Cauliflowers, each Big l lo Radishes, dz bchs.lo<?il2
Celery, bunch .... s<s— Sage, lb 25«j35
Cress, doz bchs . . 2* String Beans, 1b..15*T20
Cucumbers. dz.7sc@l 25 Thyme, lb 20®30
Green Peas, lb 33? 5 Turnips, doz 15©20
Lentils,' lb (iw) 8 Tomatoes, lb 10®15
Lettuce, doz ....15@20
Fish, per pound—
Barracuda ... — 10@— Shrimps 8010
Carp 5® S Shad 6® 8
Codfish B<RlO Sea Bass — @10
Flounders ........ 6® 8 Smelts MXSI2
Herring —'a— Soles — «10
Halibut ....... 12@— Skates, each .... 5810
Kingflsh ..— @lo Tomcod 106-
Mackerel —H— Clams, gal — ©50
Do. Horse....'..— Do, hardshell, 100.405T50
Perch ".......10®— Crabs, each 10*: l.">
Pompano ..1 Sftfo— Do softshell, dz..25«u3;.
Uockflsh 10#— Mussels, qt 10f; 12
Salmon, smoked. ,2<v?j— Oysters. Cal, 100..-iv«t—
Salmon, fresh .... SOU Do,' Eastern, d0z. 25@40
An electric doormat has been invented
which rings a bell as soon as any one
steps on it. thus making it safe to leave
the doors open.
Since the beginning of the nineteenth
century the number of English-speaking
people has grown from 25.000.000 to 125,
(00,000.
In India the native barber will shave
you when asleep, without waking you,
so light is his touch.
Kangaroos in captivity are said to suffer
from enormous corns. In wet weather
they develop symptoms of gout.
The most extensive cemetery in Europe
is that at Rome, in which over 6,000,000
human beings have been Interred.
The highest waterfall in the world is
Cholock Cascade, at Yosemite. Oal., which
is 2634 feet high, or just half a mile.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A brsnoh of the t'nlted States Hydropraphtc
Office, located the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of chart. »-..
ing directions of the world are k?" t *?* "•«
for comparison and reference and th ,nan<l, nan<l
information can always be obtained rl la J test
lights, dangers to navigation and an Kanllng
of interest to ocean commerce matters
The time ball on top of the building ».
graph Hill is hoisted about ten mimfte^w I'
noon. and is dropped at noon. 120 th m 01 "*
by telegraphic signal received each h dlan
the United States Naval Observatory »? »r° m
Island. Cal. ' at Mar«
A notice stating whether the tlm« h .,.
dropped on time or giving the error if wa "
published the tame day by the' a f, any> •■
papers and by the morning papers the fJ}°° a
day. J. T. McMIU A v
Assistant in ehajJ
THE CALL CALENDAR
Th. Fr.
1
~r r
"IT IT
31 IT
23 29
9a.
»
18
38
80
© ""nu Moon,
Apriua.
jSN Kew Moon,
AprUjo^
-m First Quarl«T
27
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Pnr»««
Times and Heights of High and <VL
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance t-> 'C *
Francisco Bay. Published by official ir
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The -lgh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) a)-.-mt
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort |
the height of tide Is the same at both placeti '
APBIL-1898.
Saturday, April 80.
Bnn rises .. u
Sun sets „ '"" 7,55
Moon Beta I.«V ™
T5E2|Fe«
L Wi
1.8
1.2
O.fl
-0.3
-O.«
6:19
7:86
8:87
i
lE~W|
!L W,
1 :
2:'
2
■:
4 I
Fact I*s?' uy*,
14 8:11 4)'
1.8 <:*' i\ .
2.0 «:« 6 4
2i 9:40 6 4
2.5 10:18 6)
2.8 10:58 «0
4.1
8:46
4:31
6:17
6:03
11:29
13:24
1:22
4.1
:.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the Udei
the early morning tides arc given In the l»'t
hand column and the successive tide* of tjia
day In the order of occurrences as to time. Th<»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column (rlvo? th«
last tide of the day, except when there are trnv
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h»^l/^
given are additions to the soundings nn f\WW
United States Coast Survey charts, exoept^
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtrarttve frnni
the depth given by the rhart*. The plane of
reference Is tfie mean of the lower low Trat»n«
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
«a«iic
Cleveland
Orizaba ...
AcaDuleo
Samoa
Norta Fort
Santa Rosa
State of Cai
Empire — _ —
Valenoia
Crescent City..
UmatDla
Mackinaw
Coos Bay
Tltanla
Oregon
Marlposa
Pomona
Arcata
Curacao
Coiumoia I
Homer I
China ana Japan.....™..
Seattle  ,
HumDoldt.
Panama ..— ._
Humboldt ;... ......
Humooiat
Ran Dleeo ...«.
P0rt1and........
Coos Bay.
' Alaska ...„.__..
I Crescent City
| Victoria & Purat 50d. ....
Tacoma .'.
Newport
Nanaimo
Portland
Sydney
San Diego
Coos Bay
Mexico
I Portland I
IHumboldt I
Apr
Apr
Apr
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
I
fATIOX
enaior....
oiumoia..
lty of Rio
.rcata
lomer
Falla WUa
rizaba.. ..
tite of Cal
Portland
Cnina* Japan
Coos Bay
Humboldt ...
Vie & Pjrt Snd
Humboldt....
Portland......
San Diego
Puget Sound .
Pug-et Sound-
Cmna &Japar>
Honolulu
Humboldt ...
Newport
Alaska
Portland
Vie & Pgt Sno.
San Die?o —
30. 10 am
30. Ipm
bO, 10 AM
' 1. »AM
■ 1. 1U AM
' 2. 10 AM
■ 8.10 AM
' 8. 11 AM
■ 3, 11 AH
' 3. 6PM
' 3, 1 PM
• 4, 2 PM
' 4. 9AM
' 6. 9AM
■ 6,12 II
' 6.10 AM
' 6,10 AM
• T. 11 Ail
PM S3
Pier U
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier S
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pier B
Pier 2
PM S3
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 5
leveland..
enua
Bar..
Ida...
Pier 12
Pier 9
Pier II
)n ....
11ia. . .
ma
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, April
29, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill wa# dropped
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of ti«
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. J. T. McMTLLAN.
Assistant in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
arrived.
Friday, April 2».
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, 70 houra from Port
Angeles.
Stmr Westport, Hansen. 74 hours from New
port.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, 40 hours from Coos Bay.
Ship Columbia, Nelson, 7 days from Tacoma.
Bktn Eureka, Paulsen. 7 days from Tacoma.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 8 days from South
Bend.
CLEARED.
Friday, April 29.
Stmr Columbia, Goodall, Astoria; O R & N
Co.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson. Seattle; E T Kruae.
SAILED.
Friday. April 2*.
Stmr Pomona, Debney. San Diego, etc.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura,
Stmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Chtlkat, Dunham, Eureka.
Ptmr Progreso, Gllboy, Seattle.
Ship Elwell, Ryder. Port Angeles.
Bark Alaska, Cogan, Kotzebu© Sound and
whaling.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyee.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Jensen, Fort Bragg.
Schr Helen N Kimball, Gutormsen, Gray*
Harbor.
Srhr Monterey. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Srhr Laura Pike, Johnson, Tillamook.
Rus schr Bojrh Fisher. Petropaulovski.
Schr Premier, Wagner, Bristol Bay.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 29—10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, NW- velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The W (i Irwin loads mdse for Honolulu.
The Glenard loads wheat at Portland for
Kurope, 36s 3d; Japan, lumber at Hastings'
Mills for Guayaquil.
The George Curtis and Luzon have arrived
at the Hawaiian Islands in ballast from Shang
hai, to load sugar for New York, the latter at
Kahulul.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The pilot boat America during the night of
the 28th inst. in a strong NW gale carried
away deck lashings and boat.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 29— Stmr City of
Columbia, from New York, via Valparaiso, and
not as reported before.
TATOOSH— Passed April 29— Stmr Mackinaw
from Tacoma, for San Francisc-o.
SKATTLE— Arrived April 29— bhip Yosemlte,
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 28— Stmr
City of Columbia, from New York, via Val-
April 29-Stmr Ctty of
Seattle, from New York, via \ alparaiso.
EVERETT— SaiUd April 29— fechr Marion, for
TATOOSH— Passed April 28 — Stmr City of
Puehla hence April 26, for Victoria.
NE\V WHATCOM-Sailed April 28-Bark
Permanla for San Francisco.
GR\YS HARBOR-Sailed April 29-Schr
Maria B Smith and Martha W Tuft for San
Francisco; schr Zampa, for Guaymas.
POINT REYES— Passed April 29— Ship Co-
Inmbia from Tacoma, for San Francisco.
Ki'RKKA-Sailed April 29— Stmr Orizaba, for
"NEWPORT— Arrived April 29— Schr Wm Ren
ton, from Seattle.
Sailed April 29— Stmr Laguna, for San Fran-
Ci ASTORIA-Sailed April 29— Stm State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; ship Semantha, for
Queenstown.
EASTERN PORTS.
REEDY ISLAND — Anchored April 28— Ship
rharlps E Moody, from Philadelphia, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
EAST I/sXDON— Arrived March 26— Ft bark
Reine Blanche, hence Jan 15.
DEAL— Passed April 27— Br ship Illawara, fm
London, for San Francisco.
HAVRE— Sailed April 27— "r bark Invergarry
for Cardiff.
HONGKONG— SaiIed April 27— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Vancouver.
I.AI'NCESTON— Arrived prior to April 28—
Schr J M 'Weatherwax. from Port Gamble.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 28— Bktn Quick
step, fr^m Formosa.
MANILA— Sailed April 28— Br ship Patriarch.
for Astoria.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NAPLES-Sailed April 29— Stmr Ems, for
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 29— Stmr Penin
sular, from Lisbon.
NAPLES— SaiIed April 28— Stmr Karamania.
for New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed April 29— Stmr Furnessia.
for New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived April 29-Stmr
Switzerland, from Antwerp; stmr Missouri,
from London.
SOT'THAMPTON-Arrived April 29-Stmr
Kensington, from New York.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed April 29-Stmr Rotte*^
dam. from New York. '
COPENHAGEN Arrived April 29 — Stmr
Nordland. from Baltimore.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
KNEW NOT OF
SPANISH WARS
A. Colony of the Crown
Cordially Welcomes
Americans.
News of Many Who Work for
the Good of South Sea
Natives.
wurious Experience While Trying to
Paint the Ship Morning
Star.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. April 29.
Arthur P. Alexander, who baa been
Eerding: special letters to The Call from
the South Sea Islands during the past
year? cruise of the Morning Star, has
returned home, leaving the. vessel at
Honolulu.
I the most pleasant incidents of
the trip was the visit of the yessel to
Ponape on the 2Gth of February.' This is
a little island which is under Spanish
control, and although the most bitter
feeling was at that time existing be
tween America and Spain the innocent
people of this Island, far removed from
bulletin boards, knew nothing whatever
of the trouble. They treated everybody
aboard the Morning Star in a very gen
erous manner, and showed every possi
ble kindness. This little island will prob
ably not know of the war until it is all
over. It is a singular fact that although
a large fortification on the island is oc
cupied by Spanish soldiers ihe Gov
ernment of Spain receives no income or
revenue from it, merely holding the isl
and for the glory there is in It.
The Morning Stur. which is supported
by the little contributions of tens of thou
sands of Congregatlonalist Sunday
school pupils all over the country, has
just completed a cruise of nine months
through the islands of Micronesia, dis
tributing provisions to the missionaries
at work among the natives. During the
whole time the vessel met witii no acci
dent except the loss of a boom.
The work in the South Seas is reported
as going along splendidly, and the more
the natives learn the more they are anx
ious to know.
Among the returned missionaries are
Rev. J. Mitchell, who will remain at Hon
olulu, and Messrs. Anderson and Scum
felt, who are from Rutaritari, in the Gil
bert Islands, whither they went two
years ago. Mr. Scumfelt went as a vol
unteer, and is now returning to his home
in Los Angeles. Miss Foss, a school
tf arhor from the island of Kuk. and Miss
Palmer of the Kusaie Girls' School, are
on th»ir wrav home; Miss Wilson of
Kusaie; Miss Price, who comes to this
try to be educated; John Higgins;
Rev. b. Kaaia, wife and daughter, .■. •:■;
Rev. Kapaaluhi. wife and. three children,
arc also returning. . ,
Mr. Kimm came from the Marshall Tsl
ands, whero he has charge of the business
■'f Mrs. Insalls, whose husband, now de
ceased, was at one time American Consul
imoa. He brings with him Christo
pher Inpalls to be educated here.
One of the most amusing experiences
of th voyage was the Impossibility of
painting the ship while at any of the isl
ands. The mate. Mr. Anderson, made a
dozen attempts at it. but the desire of
the natives for paint is so great that they
would rub it off the ship's sides on every
thing they couid find, thereby, in their
eyes, adding greatly to its value.
MARSH WILL GO
TO SAN QUENTIN
No New Trials for a Member
of the Sporting Life
Gang.
But for His Voluntary Delay Half
the Sentence Would Now
Ba Served.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 29.
William Marsh, one of the "Sporting
Life gang," tec-\s sorry to-day that he did
not take his sentence as soon as he was
many months ago, for it would
now be half over. Judge Ogxlen this
morning sentenced him to one year in
San Quentin, and all the «nonths passed
in Jail have been for naught.
A peculiarity of the case is that Marsh
is one of four hard characters arrested
at the same tiny and charged with the
smif crime, burglary and criminal as
sault. "Tho evidence in the cases tried
was the sain- in each instance, but Marsh
was the only one convict 'd. two of the
members escaped punishment because of
a misunderstanding between the Disjtrirt
Attorney's office and the police, and Marsh
has had his case continued several months
for sentence, while his attorneys intended
to argue, for a new trial.
Attorney Nusbaumer resumed his argu
ment this morning, and it was mainly
through his njeading that the sentence
whs so light. Judge Ogden denied the
motion for a new trial and said he could
see nothing that would induce him to Bet
aside the verdict, after which the court
Bald:
"I do not intend to visit upon this young
man an excessive punishment, but I feel
that he should suffer for trie base crime
that he haw cofcptnltted. 11 is the ordei <>r
this court that you shall be taken to San
Quentin and coniined therein for a period
of one year."
• ral of the "gang" were in court
when sentence was pronounced, and sur
prlse was general that in some manner a
loophole was not furnished whereby
could em
Pleasanton Trotting Events.
OAKLAND. April 29.— The interior of
the county is all astir to-night over the
races to-morrow at . Pleasanton. The
town is alive to-night with visitors and
all of the morning trains «.;-e expected to
bring their hundreds. Besides the trot
ting races there will be running, bicycling, j
baseball and dancing. Direction, Diablo
and Searchlight will make exhibition ,
heats.
Davidson Gets Eighteen Months.
OAKLAND, April 29.— John Davidson,
who pleaded guilty to a charge of forgery '
last Wednesday, was sentenced to eight
een months in San Quentin to-day. He
is an honorably discharged navy engin- :
eer about •)., years of age. He stated in
court that he had received word to go
east and resume his duties in the navy,
$?■*& the k o ?d??: don to ° rder % com:
Death of Miss Ramage.
OAKLAND, April 29. Miss Agnes Ram
e^V lau h i er of . Marshal Ramage of
£5? 8f died to-day after a short 111
ness, fahe was a very popuiar young la.lv.
*-n« n k J" rl a " d , lov^lo disposition. She
was a general favorite among a large
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND.* April 29.— A gang of four
tramps called at the residence of Mayor
Thomas twice last evening begging the '
second time he was at homo and de
tained them until the patrol wagon ar
rived. Two of them got twenty-five days
In the Police Court to-day. '
Manager Fleming of the Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph Company has added i
four more boys to his messenger depart
ment. They all appeared in -new navy I
blue uniforms with brass buttons and
gold stripes to-day.
"Women of the ReJ Cross and
What They are Doing in the War,"
in next Sunday's CalL
WILL TRY TO
BREAK RECORDS
Athletes at St. Mary's to
Hold Their Annual
Field Day.
Much Good Material Is Now
Found in the College
Association.
The Managers Are Confident That
New Notches Will B«
Reached.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 29.
The students of St. Mary's College have ]
been busily preparing for some time past
for their annual field day, which is to
take place May 12.
The athletes have turned out in large
numbers and are assiduously training
every day to win new laurels and break
records, and everything seems to give
promise that they will acquit themselves
admirably.
Several of the athletes who participated
in the events last year are training hard
to excel their previous records. Several
new men are also training and will make
an excellent showing. Welch, who ran
the 100-yard dash last year, will have a
good competitor in Meyers, who is quite
it Cast man and a good all-round athlete.
Huff and Ryan are good sprinters, and
will make the 100-yard championship a
very interesting event. Jessen and Por
ter art- very good men in the hammer
throw, and the shot-put will be hotly
contested by Brady, Jessen and McDon
ough.
The relay race between the collegiate
and commercial departments will un
doubtedly prove very Interesting as a
ki'i'ii but friendly rivalry exists between
th<se departments. The tug-of-war teams
will 1:. captained by F. M. Silva, who
coached his team to victory last field day.
and by A. P. Finan, and should be quite
interesting, as the teams are very evenly
matched.
The band has prepared several pieces,
and will furnish music on the campus field
day.
la all the field day will bo a grand
event, and gives promise of being one of
the best ever held at St. Mary's. Fol
lowing are the events:
100-yard dash (college championship)— Welsh,
Mayers. Ryan, Huff.
100-yard maiden race — Oray, Donovan, Mc-
Donough, Butler.
16-pound hammer throw (handicap)— Jessen,
Porter, Alulqueeney, Berber, Cray.
Tutting 16-pound shot (handicap)— Brady, Jes-
McDonough, Mul.jueeney, Berger, Murray
220-yard ih;uiJlcap)— Welsh, Meyers, Rvan,
Huff, llusclo.
440-yard ■ handicap)— Huff, Gray, Donovan,
Butler, Loncrgan.
120-yard hurale— Gray, Jessen, Arrillaga
Mile run ( handicap)— Pezzola, Gray, Chap
man, Quarrels.
Broad Jump (handicap)— D. Collins, P. Regan.
Meyers, Welsh.
High jump- Fitzgerald, McNaboe, Butler, T.
Collins, Jessen.
P vault (height)— Pezzola, Meyers, McXu
boe. Quarrels.
Pole vault (distance)— Fitzgerald, McNaboe
P. Ki'?an, Welsh.
75-yard (Junior)— Heldrlck. Kean.\ A.Jaras
Kane, Lonergan, Quarrels, An-Maga, Musclo,
Collins. '
Ball throw— Fitzgerald, Mayers, Bigley Ber
ger. Million, Young, Chapman.
Relay race— Between collegiate and commer
cial departments.
Tug of war-Welsh. Hutler. M<-r>onnu K h.
Markoy, Mulyueeney, T. Collins, I:
Gray Pexxola; Huff. Brady. Porter. Hoej
p»n. lorter. McCV.-thy, D. OolllnS, Mutra-
VOLUNTEERS ENROLLED.
Forty Members of Company Q Sign
the Roll and There Are More
to Follow.
ALAMEDA, April 89.— 1t was regular
drill night for Company Q last evening,
but before the hour sot for the com
mencement of duty Captain Simpson re
ceived orders from Adjutant-General Bar
rett to call on such of his men as de-
Blred to volunteer for service in the war
to sign the roll pledging themselves to do
so. In response forty of the young men
of the company put their names on the
list. These men are all from the original
membership of the company; which num
bered fifty-five, and they include all the
unmarried ones. During the day the sig
natures of a number of those who have
recently made application to Join were ob
tained, and it is expected that by to-night
all of these will have signed "the roll,
which will bring the total up to eighty.
Captain Simpson took his examination
to-day for the purpose of sending in his
application for retention of the command,
and the other officers will do likewise. It
is believed that enough additional men
can be obtained to fill the entire roll of
the company to its maximum strength.
A TROLLEY PARTY.
Novelty Which is Destined to Grow
in Popularity in This Section.
AXiAMSDA, April 29.— A novelty in this
part of the country, though not in the
Kast, has just been introduced here In the
shape of a "trolley party." The first one
ever held was given last evening and
turned out to be a very enjoyable affair.
The party was made up of Alameda
young people, and a special car prepared
for the occasion was chartered from the
Electric Railroad Company. Jt was pret
tily decorated and provided with music.
The party traversed the main streets of
Alameda, Oakland and Berkeley.
This is made possible by all the roads
under one management 'J'rius as
far down the bay an Haywards arc pos
sible, and on the warm moonlight night:;
of the coming summer it Is expected that
then- will be a great demand ror tlu- cars
which have been Jilted up for trimey
parties.
. The Christian Church.
AT.AMKOA. April 2!i.— That portion of
tn< Christian church which Is opposed to
Rev. J. a. Wlckham retaining th* oas
torate will worship in the usual pace on
Sunday, and the services will i,< i^m
ducted by Rev. \)r. Jefferson of the
Berkeley Hlble Seminary. The adherents
of Mr. "Wiekham will worship at Holtz's
Hall In West Alameda. where a special
"lily service" will be held in the even
ing.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, April 20.-R. B. Russell of
tins city Ig engag.* In building the Ktock
ton and Tuolumne County Railroad and
is very enthusiastic over the outlook for
that lino.
The wedding of Charles Lorlng and
Miss Jane Marshall of this city took plane
last evening at the bride's residence 431
Taylor avenue.
The Oakland Gas. Light and Heat Com
pany paid $225 license to-day, in accord
ance with the new ordinance Increasing
the amount charged gas companies.
Professor E. li. Wii^s ot Stanford
will occupy the pulpit of the Unitarian
church on Sunday next. His theme will
bo, "The Content of the Ideal Life "
The school children will have their an
nual May day picnic at Leona Heights
to-morrow.
Or.'- San Francisco liquor house is the
only one that has come forward and paid
the $100 license required from outside
houses desiring to deliver liquors and col
lect orders in this city.
The advisory committee of the Bi
metalllc Club will hold a meeting this
evening In the Randolph building.
One Year in San Quentin.
OAKLAND, April 29.— Judge Ogden de
nied William Marsh, a member of the
Sporting Life gang, a new trial this morn
ing, and sentenced him to one year in
S;hi Quentln. He was convicted Novem
ber 27, last year, and the cause was con
tinued week from week without apposi
tion until last Tuesday, when a plea fur
a new trial was argued. Three other
members of the gang have escaped pun
ishment and every effort was made to
fret Marsh off, but Judge Ogden decided
t Lest tv make an example of him.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898.
PEN MIGHTIER
THAN BULLETS
George Oakes Named by
the President for
Postmaster.
The Haywards Editor Receives
a Reward for Party
Service.
Failure of the Plan of Sending an
Illustration With a Pe
tition.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 29.
George A. Oakes of Haywards received
notification to-day that his appointment
as postmaster had been sent to the Sen
ate by President McKinley. There is no
doubt the Senate will confirm the nomina-
GEORGE A. OAKES, Haywards' New Postmaster
tion. This ends one of the hottest fights
made In Haywards for many yeara for po
litical preferment. A new feature was in
troduced into this light in this oontest
which may possibly become a precedent
when old soldiers, especially, are seeking
an office.
The keenest opponent Mr. Cakes had
was Alonzo Bradford, a veteran wh- I
a prominent ]>art in many battles of the
Civil War. As a memento of a brush
with the Confederates Mr. Bradford si ill
carries with him a bullet safely imbed. led
in his knee. When anxious to be post
master, Mr. Bradford, no doubt strength
ened in his idr-a by bearing so much ai">ut
the Boldler President, decided to send a
pictorial petition to Washington.
Hfe exposed bis knee to the X-ray and
the negative clearly showed the location
of the bullet. Some of George' B friends
hinted that the negative, in so far as the
bullet was concerned, had been "touched
up," but this was Btrenuoualy denied.
However, the petition and picture were
duly received and placed on tile, but tho
active work done by Mr. Oakes, who i»»
proprietor and editor of the Haywarda
Journal, during the last national cam
paign, carried the day.
Mr. Oakes has been a resident of Hay
wards all his life, and is a son of the
celebrated caterer, Tony, known t^ every
bun vlvant of the last generation in this
State. The new postmaster now declares
he will change tne motto of tin- Journal
to "The pen is mightier than the sword." >
BERKELEY'S NEW
ATHLETIC FIELD
Surveys for a Running Track,
Ball Fields and Tennis
Courts.
The Track to Have Three Laps With
a Two Hundred and Twenty
Yard Straightaway.
BERKELEY, April 20.— Surveys have
been made and it is understood that grading
will soon be commenced on a new athletic
li'-i<i, including a football gridiron, a base
l.ail diamond, tennis courts and a running
track, for the University of California
athletes. The new Held will be located
In the northwest corner of the college
grounds, where the orchard and wheat
field now are. ,
The track will have three laps to the
mile, and will have a 220-yard straight
away. Within the track will be the base
ball and football fields, and tennis court*.
A -rand Btand with a capacity of at least
25,000 will be built and a fcrove of euca
lyptus trees will be planted, in order to
break the wind. The track will probably
be raised, so as to be easily visible at
every part from the grand stand, and the
turns will be banked, so that bicycle races
can safely be ridden upon it. The foot
ball field will be underlaid with a stratum
of tanbark to make it springy.
Jt will probably be some time before the ;
new Held, which is to be a part of the
greater university plan, will be completed.
The grading alone will consume many
months, but it is stated that the money
for the purpose is ready and that work
will soon be commenced.
Death of Mrs. Blake.
OAKLAND, April 29.— Mrs. Frances M.
Blake, one of the leading philanthropic
ladles of this city for a quarter of a cen
tury, died this afternoon of pneumonia.
Mrs. Blake came to Oakland in L$S9 and
had been a widow several years. She
leaves two daughters, Alice S. Blake and
.Mis. Helen J. witcher, wife of ex-Presi
dent Witcher of the Merchants' Exchange
Mrs. Blake was horn in Cohasset, Mass'
on September 1, 1829.
Volunteered for War.
OAKLAND, April 20.— The emergency
roll of Company A, Fifth Infantry, was
opened to-day and the following volun
teered; C. J. Moltke, aged 31; C. Addlng
ton. 29; T. F. Murray, 37: W. L ; Long
fellow. 24; Alf Sherman. 20; U'»bert Bruce
2(i; Z. G. Wheeler, 84; Herbert Whlte
The fac-simile y^T //f* s?*** *» on every ■wrappe?
signature of i^ta/^fff^^^ of CASTOitU.
house, 21; Chester Smythe, 29; Harry
Meinecke. 37; Justin Gray, 37; Charles
Hassfe. 22; Herbert Melville, 19; Roy
Hawkins. 20; E. P. Minterne, 27; W. T.
Bryant. 2S; C. J. Stephens Jr., 23; S. A.
Willard, 25; George B. Kearn, 32; Charles
H. Sawyer, 32; Charles Farnam, 24; W.
11. Summers, 27.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 29.— The University
Library has roreived from Germany 150
literary, philological and scientific books.
Th.' last Issue for the term of the Occi
dent appeared to-day. Next term Stuart
G. Masters will succeed James Hopper
as *. litor of the college weekly
To-morrow the four Presbyterian Sun
day schools of Berkeley will picnic at
Bath Beach, West Berkeley.
The spring flower show of the Berkeley
Floral Society will close to-morrow. The
show is one of the best ever held in
Berkeley. Among the exhibits is a col
lection of 200 varieties of pelargoniums
A smooth swindler visited Mrs. SchuKz
of 2215 Ellsworth street yesterday to rent
a room. After selecting a room* he gave
her a note for $10, out of which she took
$3 as a deposit, giving him $7 in change.
Later she found that the note was forged
LAST OF THE SERIES.
Intercollegiate Baseball Champion
ship to Be Decided This
Afternoon.
BERKELEY. April 29.-The final game
of the intercollegiate baseball series will
be played to-morrow afternoon at Recrea
tion Park at 3 o'clock. Each university
has a victory to its credit, and since its
defeat two weeks ago at the hands of the
Stanford men the Berkeley players have
been devoting most of their time to prac
ticing batting, which was their weak
point. The stick work has improved
greatly, and several crack pitchers,
among them Moskiman of Oakland, have
been giving them practice.
The California team will be mad© up
! the same as in the previous games: j
■ Pitrhor, Kaarsburg; catcher, Mem; first j
base; i.ridt:; second base, McLaren; third
i .-. -■ . .Ball; BUbrtstop, McCabe; left field, i
Chesebrough; center tteld, Hoag (cap- !
taint; right field, Collins.
Herkeloy has won every intercollegiate j
contest this term from Stanford, and the
blue and gold yelling contingent will do
Its share to make to-morrow's game the
linal victory of the series.
Sued for Maintenance.
OAKLAND, April 2P.— Mrs. Lenora E.
Taylor, residing at 119 Oak street, has
commenced suit against her husband,
from whom she is separated, for 11200,
Which she claims is due her for main
tenance, according to the terms of the
separation. Mr. and Mrs. Taylor were
married in 18s2 and two children were
born to them. One a girl, the eldest, Is
14 years of age. Both the children are
in the care of the mother and since the
separation the father has contributed
hardly anything for their support. Rer
erence was made to the suit several days
;i(- r " and then the date of the marriage
was given as 1889.
Robbed a Jeweler's Store.
OAKLAND, April 29.— At 9:35 this even-
Ing, just as the broad gauge train reached"
i lie Bioadway station, the window of the
pawnshop conducted by E. M. Lipka, at
the corner of Seventh and Broadway, was
smashed by a thief, who grabbed two
tray? of watches and other jewelry and
ran off with them. The wife of the pro
pi ietor gave the alarm, but too late for
the policeman on that beat to get a
glimpse of the thief.
Tkomas Pleads Not Guilty.
OAKLAND, April 2?.— Harry Thomas
pleaded not guilty to a charge of subor
nation of perjury before Judge Ells
worth this morning. June 2 was set as
the date of the trial, with the under
standing that it must go to trial on that
date. The sixty-day limit was waived
by his attorneys at the suggestion of the
District Attorney and order of the court.
Indorse Pardee.
OAKLAND, April 29.— The Seventh
Ward Republican Club met to-night in
Judge Lawrence's courtroom and passed
a resolution indorsing George C. Pardee
\ for the nomination for Governor and
pledged htm its support.
Bead about Famous Bombardments
in next Sunday's Call.
AN AMAZONIAN MARCH.
Elaborate Preparations for t'ne Grand
Carnival To-Night.
The preparation for the carnival of the
Golden Gate Association, to be held in
Mechanics' Pavilion to-night are about
completed, although everything has not !
been decided upon as yet. For the past
few days scarce an hour has passed that I
the fertile brain of some committeeman j
has not evolved some pleasing novelty, i
something to interest, to amuse to at- |
tract, and the expense of bringing it out j
will not be a consideration, as f\rr* and !
foremost everything is to be first-class, j
and there is to be as much of everything ,
as can be given in one night without !
crowding.
Among other things there will he the ;
grand Amazonian march, which will be j
participated in by 150 of San Francisco's j
prettiest young ladies in appropriate cos
tume. When the march begins the lights i
will be lowered and beautiful effects will
be secured with th« calcium. Barnum'a
famous $10,000 drum major will lead the !
march and show what marvels of twirl
tag can be accomplished with the baton. !
Music will be furnished by Bennett's fam- !
ouj band. In the afternoon a short street I
parade will be given.
A Relic of Former Days.
A relic of former d;iys, tlio days of '48,
has recently been sent to the State Mining
BUread. It is an old-fashioned pick used
in the placer mine at Sutter's Mill. Work
men have been cleaning out the old tail
race below the sluices and found the pick
and shovel. The latter had heen so dis
integrated that it fell into pieces, but the
pick is well preserved. The peculiar fea
ture of the old implement is that the iron
oxide has made the gravel adhere to the
iron. The :>iok is on exhibition at the
Mining Bureau.
RAINEY'S MEN
NOW UNITED
Newly Elected Commit
teemen Perfect Perma
nent Organization.
Major P. J. Harney Unani
mously Chosen for
Chairman.
The Dispute in tho Thirty-Second
Assembly District Was Ami
cably Settled.
The new general committee of the
Rainey-Harney wing of the local Democ
racy met last night in Pioneer Hall and
effected permanent organization by the
election of officers.
The meeting was called to order by
Major P. J. Harney, who appointed a
committee to examine the credentials of
the members. The only dispute concern
ing the soating of the committee was in
the Thirty-second Assembly District,
where there was a question raised as to
the eligibility of four of the members re
ported elected by the district club. The
committee on credentials speedily dis
posed of the matter, after listening to the
contestants, by seating the members re
ported elected by the club.
The roll of the new general committee
was then called, and 383 out of the 450
members answered to their names.
J. A. Spinetti next arose, and in a brief
but eulogistic speech placed Major Har
noy in nomination for permanent chair-
man.
There was no opposition, and Harney
was elected by acclamation.
In aceptlng the office Harney said that
he would act for the best interests of the
Democratic party, and promised that in
his. rulings he would neither show fear
nor favoritism. -He then referred at con
siderable length to the disruption in the
ranks of the local Democracy, and said
that the committee over which he had
been. chosen to preside was in his opinion
the only representative Democratic or
ganization. "All that I ask," said he "is
that the organization be given a fair and
impartial hearing by the Stave Central
Committee when the question of the local
dispute is being considered. If that is
granted I am. and I know that you are
satisfied, to abide by the result. If there
is any question as to which of the local
organizations represents the Democracy,
let the State committee order an open pri
mary, and let the Democratic voters by
their ballots show who is entitled to rec
ognition."
William Asmussen, who ran for Treas
urer at the last general election, was then
elected vice-chairman by acclamation.
John F. McGowan, who was recording
secretary of the old committee, was re
elected in consideration of the valuable
services rendered by him to the party
during the last campaign.
■ J. C. Saulman was elected correspond
ing secretary and William B. Hines
treasurer.'
The committee then adjourned to the
call of the chairman after adopting the
following resolutions:
Resolved. By the representatives of the Dem
ocratic party of the City and County of San
Francisco, in council assembled:
That it is our earnest hope and prayer that
the state of war new existing between the
United States of America and the Kingdom of
Spain may be pursued with unrelenting vigor
and dispatch by those charged with its prose
cution, and that it may be brought to a speedy
and successful termination.
That the flag of Spain, which has been and
is still symbolic of murder, butchery, pillage
and of the basest treachery, ought to be driven
ignomlnlously from a continent dedicated to
freedom. i iis '•'■ ' '.'
That we cordially indorse the action of tha
representatives of the Democratic party In
Congress ■ assembled, aided by a few Independ
ent Republicans, to welcome the Republio of
Cuba among the sisterhood of nations as a
free and Independent state.
THEIR HANDS TIED.
No Money to Be Provided for Rela
tives of Officials Who Go to
War.
As the consolidation act limits the ex
penditure of public moneys and gives the
board no authority to expend moneys
raised for the support of the municipal
government for any other purpose, the
Finance Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday decided to report
against the adoption of the resolution
providing aid for the relatives of city
officials who resigned to give their serv
ices to the General Government In the
pending unpleasantness.
In the matter of the petition of the Pre
clta Valley Improvement Club for an ap
propriation in the next tax levy of $12,000
for the improvement of Bernal Park, it
was decided that proper provision would
be made for public square improvements
in the next tax levy.
Wadham Is Secretary.
The directors of the Eureka Society for
the Protection of Children have selected
a new secretary to look after the busi
ness. E. L. Wadham has taken the place
of Colonel Dimpfel. Although Mr. Wad
ham has not had much experience in this
line of business he is thoroughly familiar
with the city and people.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GO3NUINE HUNYADI WATER |
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
— — FOB
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS"
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Wattrs." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." UritishMedicaUourna,'.
CAUTION: . See trial the label bears the signa-
ture of the firm,
.' Andreas Saxlehner.
/^YDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Aagriffl <>-•"> X KAKN V ST. Established
jHT^f 1m i" 1 **54 for the treatment of Private
«B iriiSS Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
MMk .|i-.»'iis» vr:iri!iKon bmlyaixl mind and
yOytIHHSI Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
2^HBHffiKnoilifi-sfull. Try him. Charges low
iHOSumEBt <"Mre»B»iariinf Call or'.vrite.
Dr. J. r. <>(n.TON. Rex 1957, 5 an Fiar.clstio.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantic^.
French Line to Havre.
Company's ■ Pier • (new) '. ' 42 - North f -t^bm-
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers irffiH^
by this line ■ avoid both transit by~****
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a email boat. New York to(
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160:
second class, $116.
LA 80URG0GNE. ....... ...'.....May 7. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE... May 14, -10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE... ..May 21, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE. ............. .May 2S, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE :...:...:.... .June 4. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply -to- ■•■■*
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent,
• No.' 3 Bowling Green, »<>w York, i
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. '
FOR SAN JOSE, LOSGATOS and SANTA CRUZ
.Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviso dally (Saturdays
Mccepted) at 6 p. m. . Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco ' and : Alviso. - Me :
to San Jose, Tsr. Clay street. Pier 1. 11 North
« First street, San Jose. (
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT NEW FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (SATURDAY), at 11 a. m.,
314 OCTAVIA STREET, NEAR OAK.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market st.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I|s^ .™ SEATTLE
i|gy| AND TACOMA
DIRECT. .
The New, Elegant, Fast Steel Steamship
"SENATOR,"
' Carrying Freight and Passengers Will Leave
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, Tuesday,
May 3, 11 a. m. Ticket office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street.
GOODAtL. PERKINS & CO..
General Agents, 10. Market St.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
h fc| Steamers leave Broadway
T*«*"»^ wharf, San Francisco:
nßvffiHßfc. Vor Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
l§3*&*S!S&k April 1, 6, 11, 16 - 21 - 26, May 1.
Ml ■fcVJPi transfer at Seattle.
l^iS;^| For Alaskan ports (from
I DBkJ<>«Bj Folscm-street wharf), 10 a. m..
1 i^^^rafi April 27 May IS, June 5. 28,
July 17, transfer at Portland,
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
! send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
I New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. April 1. 6.
' 11, 16 21 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
i after,' connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska, and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
• For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
April 2, 8, 14, 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter. ■ _,
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. April 3. 7, 11, 15, 19, 23. 27,
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping- only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. April 1, 5, 9, 13, 17. 21, 25, 23, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazat!an. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., May 12.
and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of saillne. ■
TICKET OFFICE-* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
.PORTLAND
From Folsom-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CARE $ 12 First Class Including Berth
rHIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon April 18, 27
Columbia April 21, tO
State of California April 24. May 3
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. ,
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP. AND THE CON-
TINENT.
RED STAR LINE,
NEW YORK. PHILADELPHIA. SOUTH-
AMPTON, ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
(Philadelphia- Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA.- QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL, Under BELGIAN and BRITISH
FLAGS.
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio. Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana, 3400 tons, Conemaugh. 2100 tons (formerly
In the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line). ■ . . ■ ' ■ .•-•'-.; .-.,;• ,
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
8. S. Ohio, June 15. S. S. Indiana, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, June 29. for St. Michael,
connecting with company's flirt of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or. any of its Agencies.
fHBB2BBB9£I S - S - ZEALANDIA.
JP^^f3wflH!E for HONOLULU only,
; M -4-1H I.* "* Wednesday, May 4, 2
■ ""JSLWii s^~~?~^ ''■ m " Special party
G>±s — L* \ rates.
! m^»^tMnSil!D<-' Tne s - s - mariposa
Wffif lllJlll r / 1 * sails via Honolulu and
<•**■■* ' iCmWßliur* Auckland for Sydney
£Z> V^lllf^Jltq Wednesday, May IS, at
2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
\ 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck... April 28! A Victoria... ..June 16
A. Victoria.... May 19 F. Bismarck ..June 30
F Bismarck. ..June 21 F. Bismarck ..July 28
Ist Cabin $100 up. Id Cabin $45 up, Steerage $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW ! YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Phoenicia May 7 1 Pretoria May 28
Pennsylvania ..May 14 1 Patria June 4
Palatia .......;. May 21! Phoenicia June 11
Ist Cabin $75 up. 2d Cabin $40, Steerage $26.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello"
: Mnn.. Tues., ■ Wed., Thurs. and Sat
i 9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
i Fridays .1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ..: ..........10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier I.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
RAILROAI) TRAVEL.
11l ■■■■ ■!! CALIFORNIA
'• PJimffii SAN FRANCISCO
>■■■«■— ■■ ■ »!■■■■■ ■itJ Chicago.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at '4:3o p. m. .
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
' I Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.-, y
DINING CAR, ■■\:'tiK'.
| BUFFET SMOKING CAR. '
Pullman Palace. Drawing 1 Room; Sleepers, 3>£
days to Chicago, 4Ji days to New York.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520
Oakland office, 111S Broadway. Sacramento
office, 201 J. street. San Jose, 7 West Santa
Clara street. .-..'.. . : ;., . .
_
TOE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JDAQUIN
. VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1597. trains will run as
follows: . _.
.South-bound. .. j North-bound.
; Passen- • Mixed . 1 Mixed Passen-
■ ger Sunday Sta- Sunday - ger - '
i .Daily. Excep'd. - tions. , Excep'd. Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm C:4O pm
' 9:10 am 12..-.0 m Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 m
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:40 am 6:20 jim Ilanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm! Vlsalla ' 6:40 a m 12:40 p m
" Stopping at intermediate - points when re-
quired. ' '-' HBtlWM lum'j Ultjjflw^ HyHlMfljijtfiawr^lfl*
• Connections— : Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & 1.. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton : at ' 6 p. - m. ■ dally; at 'Merced . with
stages to and from Snellings, Coulterville. etc. :
i also with stage for Hornitos, '•- Marlposa. etc.;
i at Lankcrshlm with stage to and from Madera.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KNICKERBOCKER
|\ SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN— " ]
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
INe-w York,
Boston*
Montreal,
Buffalo,
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati,
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between
Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over
greatest system of transportation in the
world— the Vanderbilt Lines.
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls, Wash-
ington, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
This train allows half day's stop in St. Louis
and goes into the only depot in New York
City.
C. W. GREEN,
Traveling Pass'r Agent., Kansas City, Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAD.
Traveling Passenger Agent, Dallas. Tex.
WM; P. DEPPE.
Ass't Gen'l Passenger Agt., St. Louis, Mo.
f»Olllli:u\ FAcViHC COMPANY.
(pacific mm)
frnlms !«•»»«• mail me flu.- to urrlvo »»
MAN IKANriM «.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From April S3. 1898. — aebiv
•6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... »J»:4sa
T:OOa Benlcia, Button aud Sacramento.... 10:45 a
7:OOa Maryaville. Orovilleand Redding »i»
Woodland 5:-l3p
7iooa Vacaville and Rumsey 8:45p
7:80 a Martinez, San U&inon, Vallejo, Nap*.
CalistocaandSauta Rosa 6:15p
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpress, Ugilen and Kast.. 8:45p
»i»Oa Niles. San Jose. . .Stock ton, lone,
Sacramento, MarystV.lc, Chico, '
Tehama and Red Kliiff 4ilSp
•8:80 a Peters, Milton, Oakdale (Jamestown
for YoBeraite) "7ilsp
9i«M»a New Orleans I'Upresß. Merced. Fres-
no, liakerslield. Santa I'.aiWra.
I,os Ahkc'U'-h, DeiuiuK. £1 l'aso,
New Orleans and K.'vit 6i45p
10:00 a. Vallcjn, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
*l:OOp Sacramento HiTerStemiifrs. ........ "BiOOp
lxOOr Nile*. San Jose and Way Stations.. *9:45 a
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J'J:lsa
*:OOp Li»ermore, Mendota, llauford and
Visalia 4:15p
....... Lirermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations {10:1.1 a
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vullejo.. 12i15p
4:00r Martinez. Hmi Ramon, Vallejo
Nairn, Culistuga, \'A Verano aud
Santa Itosa 9.1 5 a
4ioop Benicia, Vaeaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysrille, Oro-
- villf and Sacramento 10:49 a
4iBop Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:l*t>
4:8 Op Stockton, Oakdale, Merced 12:15p
4 :30p Castle and Lodi 12: 1 3
4:30p Latbrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda
, , (Raymond for Yoseinlte), Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Harbara and I.os
-.... AligeU-n.... 7i43a
-4(ilop Santa Vo Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojave anil Kast 6:43 p
, 6:OOpKi\roi>eau Mall, Ogdeu and Kast.... 9:4»a
•0:OOp Vallejo 12.-15P
6:OOp Hnywardu, Nll.-B and Han J05e...... 7:43 a
{7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9:45p
8:00p Oregon JCx|>rau,Hacraineiito, Marys-
ylllo, Ile<ldlng, Portland, l'uget
t Hound and Kast SilSa.
SAN LKA.NUUO AMI lIAVWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 r 7«15a
S:OOa Melrone, Seminary Park, »»9:43a
iS.Oot Fltchburg, Elmhur«t, J^Ug*
>II:OOa San Leandro, South Sam 12:«5p
£'*£?" Leandro, E.tudillo, {l^l
i3:6b'p • Lorenzo, Cherry ■ 14i45p
4:00p . ' 15:45p
5:OOp " »■* «:15p
5:30p Hajvfards. It4Sv
7:<>op *:43p
S:O0p i Rung through to Nllei. , * ! *»' >
9:00p I From site lO:5Op
ttll«lspj r ° m I "' C - ltll2:00p
■ COAST DIVISION (.Narrow (.ause).
(Foot of Market Street.
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations J»i«sf
8:15 a Newark, Centerville,SanJose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations otsor
*2:13p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Houlder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal War
Stations M©:3Oa
4:15p San Jose, Glen wood & Way Station* 9:20 a
a4;l3p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz J'.»:2»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN mXCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:00 11:00*. M. J1:00 •2:00 t3:00
— •4:00 t3:00 ■ •6:ooi'.M.
rr«mOm»ND— Foal of Broadwtj.— '(l:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 • '1:00 12:00 •3:00 tl:00 *s:oof.ii.
' "^ COAST HI VISION (Rroad(iauge). ~
_■ (Third and Townsend Sts.)
•7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) li3op
!7:30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove acd
Principal Way Stations JB:3sp
9:00 a Man .l.we, Ties i'i'.ios. Santa Cruz,
Paoilic Ornve, i'aso Hobles, San
Luis oiiiitiui. Giiadalupe. Surf and
Principal Way Stations HhlOf
IO:4Oa Saii.JiiSL-iiud W.iy .SUtions »»:«Oa
Il<3Oa Sao J»se an.i Way Stations *S:33*
•2:45 San Mateo, Redwood. Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, .San Jose, Clilroy,
Hollistcr. .Santa Cruz, Salinas.
Monterey and l'aclllc (Jr0ve...... •10:85*
•Si3Op San Jose and Way Stations '0:00 a
■• 1 : 1 3 l- Sail Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
' «3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations C:33a
llttr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:30p
«::ioi- San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:43r San Jose and Way Stations... 7:30p
A for Morning. ■ 1* for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. J Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays only
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
! Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tibaroa Forry. Foot el Market St.
bA.\ FRANCIoCU TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:3^
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:41,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-^-Extra- trips at
1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10,
5:00, 6:25 r>- xn.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park-
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
April 23,
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I WreckW r eek
Days. ] _days._ Destination. days. | Days.
7:3" am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pmJ9:3O am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pmJ5:OO pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 «un Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. J 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland andl 110:25 am
3:30 pm|8:00 am| Ukiah. j 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6j22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm|6:oo pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am|S:oo am) Sebastopol. 110:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| I 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville. Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market Bt., Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER, R X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19. 1597.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *7:2s, •9:30.
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:45, '5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Ertra trips for San Rafae! on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. •10:00;
•11:30 a. m. ; "l:^ 3:00, "4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via. cjausalilo Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing May 1.
IS9S:
Week Days— 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— S:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. «21 Market
street, San Francisco*
1314
GRAND JURY
PROBES THE
DEPOT JOB
Four Witnesses Tes
tify Regarding the
Contracts.
Engineer Holmes Denies
All Knowledge of the
Financial End.
Admits That Many Changes
Were Made in the
Plans.
CONTRACTORS CALLED ON.
Three Men Who Wers Interested in
the Construction of the Building
Testify Briefly.
The ferry depot scandal was taken up
by the Grand Jury last night, and it will
be probed to its lowest depth, for the
members have accumulated a great quan
tity of evidence tending to throw light
on the unsavory mess, and are determined
to make those who have squandered the
people's money, if they have not actually
absorbed it illegally, suffer for their mis
deeds.
The session was short, only four wit
nesses being examined, and comparatively
little of importance was developed; but
next Thursday, when the matter will be
taken up again, some interesting develop
ments are expected. State Engineer
Howard C. Holmes and three of the con
tractors were examined last night, but,
naturally, they put on the best front pos
sible.
Engineer Holmes was examined at
length, being careful at all times not to
say anything that might reflect upon Ar
chitect Swain or the Harbor Commission
ers, who had charge of the construction
of the depot. Holmes admitted that there
had been many changes in the plans and
the materials, but set up in defense the
assertion that in every building the origi
nal plans are altered more or less.
Considerable stress was laid on the
point that the beauty of the interior had
been enhanci d by the alterations, but
when questioned closely regarding the
difference in the cost of those changes
Holmes said he knew absolutely nothing
about thHt. an he had nothing to do with
that part of the matter.
Fur instance, when asked if it was true
that Tennessee marble had been substi
tuted for white glazed bricks. Holmes
said it was. but headed off unpleasant
questions as regards the difference in
cost (the marble being much cheaper) by
asking the juryman if he would not pre
fer marble to brick, and then launched
into a tribute to the beauties of Tennessee
marble.
The subject of stone occupied consider
able time, and Holmes made it as easy
for Contractor McCarthy as possible. It
will be remembered that most of the bid
ders on thf stone work of the ferry depot
put in two bids, one on Oregon gray
and one on Colusa. the difference in the
price averaging about JfIOOO, the Colusa
stone being that much cheaper.
McCarthy bid on Oregon gray alone, his
bid being accepted. Afterward he was
allowed to change and substitute Colusa
stone at the pr:<-o be agreed to furnish
the other. Holmes said that at the time
the bids were opened the Colusa quarry
was not developed, and when his atten
tion was called to the fact that several
buildings in this city had already been
built of Colusa stone, he said the stone
used in those buildings was merely the
outcroppings.
The terra cotta, heating, plumbing and
iron contracts were all touched upon, and
Holmes told what h<' knew about them.
When he was finally excused. Captain
W. H. Taylor, of the Risdon Iron Works,
which had the iron contract, was sum
moned. He was briefly questioned about
the changes authorized in the iron and
work, and the comparative cost of
the original and the now plans.
P. y.rd. Bean, of the rirm of Gladding,
Mcßean & Co., next testified to the alter
ations in the terra cotta work, his ex
amination occupying scarcely five mm
Utes, and then Thomas Butler was called
to tell what he knew about the masonry
work on the building. The Grand Jury
found he could tell all he knew, or all he
wnnted them to know, in about two min
ut>s. so after asking two or three minor
questions, the Grand Jury continued its
Investigation until next week. It will
probably require several weeks to get to
the bottom of the affair.
Held for Robbery.
The preliminary examination of Joseph
Theron, alias Thorne, John Wlnrow and
George Barker, charged with assaulting
and robbing Edward Liehscher, a grocer
on Mason and Pacific streets, was con
cluded before Judge Low yesterday and
they were held to answer before tho Su
perior Court it SriOOO bonds each. A strong
case was madt out against them.
REMINDERS OF A GOLDEN AGE.
Workmen in the Old Stock Exchange Uncover Inter
esting Relics of the Past.
J-ike a whitened sepuloher, the walls of the old Stork Exchange, at 411*4
California street, have been hiding under their coating of plaster the skele
tons of a vanished past that has given to the future the most interesting and
exciting chapter in the history of our State.
Some I'.vv days ago the Fireman's Fund Insurance Company, which was
San Francisco's stock board during the merry Con-Virginia days, set a
force of plasterers to work getting the place cleaned up and fitted for oc
cupancy.
The first step was to scrape the plaster from the sides of the room where
it had stuck for years. The tools were put to work and. as the plaster
fell, piece by piece, to the floor, it gradually uncovered caricatures in
scriptions and quotations traced on the bare walls berteath by hands that
once signed cheeks for millions.
They were all there, those old-time mining princes, who sported with
fortunes and laughed at practical jokes, the points of> which, sometimes
pierced to the very center of the mercantile world and transfixed whole
communities in their passage.
In one place on the wall was the drawing of a man wearing a peculiar
stiff-brimmed braver hat, long-tailed coat and a pair of trousers which were
held In place by straps passing under a pair of highly varnished boots
looking in the direction of a young and lovely female in hoop skirts and
curls. Beneath the sketch was a notice informing the public that "Billy"
Ralston would give thirty shares of Sierra Nevada to be twenty years
younger.
Another inscription, dated May 3, 1576, said "market broke to-day " How
many hearts and fortunes broke, how many lives and ambitions were shat
tered at the same, time, no one can tell.
In another corner of the room is a picture of two prize-fighters and
over the head of one is the name of Tom Chandler, while over the other
is the name of old Barney Farley. This sketch is of the vintage of '77
Along the wall are quotations of all the different stocks In existence at
that day. Some of them are still alive, but the great majority have be
come only memories, and to hear of their glory one must frequent the al
leys and byways where the wrecks of better days congregate and tell of
the time they counted their possessions by the thousands.
Not the least interesting of these reminders of the past is a very legible
writing on the east wall of the room. It contains in brackets the following
names with the statement that on the 6th of April, '77, they were all out
of stocks: Sharon, Mackay. Livingston, Ralston, Jones, Strauss, Vallejo
Williams, Grayson and Bradley. If that statement was the truth in '77 the
gentlemen mentioned have managed to collect a few during the intervening
twenty years.
The plasterers at work are now on the celling, and it will probably be
several days before the inscriptions will be completely obliterated. In the
meantime it would well repay some of the old fellows who were alive and
participated In the stirring times, when millionaires were made paupers at
the ticking of a watch, to brush up their memories by visiting the place and
looking at the historical names that adorn the walls.
BLOOD FLOWED
IN QUANTITY
Surprises "Were Sprung at
the Excelsior Ath
letic Club.
Billy Otts Gained the Decision
Over Jack Granfield in
Eight Rounds.
At the Manhattan Club Green and
Ne«i Fought a Spirited Four-
Round Bout.
Songs, knockouts, noise and princi
pally blood cheered the hearts of the
members of the Excelsior Athletic Club
last evening. It was the monthly
exibition held In their hall at Eighth
and Folsom streets, and many a ten
dollar piece has been paid to see sport
far below that presented to the large
crowd which gathered there to see the
fun.
J. J. Hourigan, master of ceremonies,
carried out the programme with pre
cision and good judgment and the of
ficers who gathered at the ring side i
with Sergeant Brophy kept good order ;
while the excitement was at its height, j
Mr. Leary was selected as timekeeper |
for the club during the preliminaries,
which proved to be surprises. The
first go was said to be a friendly con- j
test limited to three rounds, between \
Tom Lynch and Charles Heusman.
Both men appeared as giants and it j
was not supposed anything but a few ;
passes from each would be brought :
forth, but the crowd was badly mis- |
taken. In the first round Heusman :
commenced to force matters, and now j
he Is sorry he spoke. Lynch took up
the way things were progressing and |
with a few punches had his opponent ■
"going." When they toed the scratch
In the next round Lynch caught Heus
man on the point of the chin and lifted
him ceilingward, and with a thud the ;
unconscious man lit on the canvas and
was helped to his corner. It is more
than probable that the two men will
fight for a purse in the near future.
Eddie Toy and Jim Dougherty then
exhibited considerable skill with th« ■.
gloves, and they were followed by j
George Savage and H. Wiley in a three- j
round friendly contest, which proved '
to be out of the line drawn by the first i
two aspirants for slogging honors. Pat
Lynch and Jimmy Lawlor also gave an !
exhibition of how friends can spar
without becoming excited and blood- ,
thirsty, and Haggerty of Sacramento j
had it out with George Hanley of San j
Francisco in three spirited rounds.
Then came the favorites, Kelly, Mar
lowe and Hansen, with some songs, and
the announcement was made that the j
event of the evening was now in or- ;
der. C. H. Long acted as timekeeper j
for the club, with McQuiney and J. !
O'Leary holding the watches for the !
fighters, Billy Otts of the Excelsior \
Club and Jack Granfield of the San
Francisco Athletic Club. Gus Herget j
was chosen to act as referee.
Both men appeared to be in good
condition and were evenly matched. |
From the first clang of the bell the men
fought with a determination to do or
die. and until the last round, which was ■
the eighth, it looked as if the referee j
would declare the bout a draw, but at ■
a critical moment Otts showed his su- !
periority as far as cleverness was con- j
cerned and got the decision. Blood
simply flowed during the fight, and the
eyes of each seemed to be covered with
mud. The bodies of the fighters were
red from dripping blood and hard :
punches, and the spectators went wild
when the blows came the thickest. !
Both pugilists showed themselves to be |
willing to go the pace, and it is ru- j
mored a return match will be made in
the near future. It was announcd that ;
the Western Addition Athletic Club j
will hold its first monthly meeting on
May 17.
Thrashed by His Neighbors.
James Johnson, who resides at Sunny- j
side, was taken to the Receiving Hns- i
pital yesterday morning by Policeman j
Brown to have a lacerated wound In his ;
cheek stitched and dressed. His face was
also badly bruised. He stated that whll*
driving near Ingleside Thursday night h« !
had been attacked by robbers and badlj
beaten. When taken to police headquar
ters he confessed that he had been beaten
by neighbors who had a grudge against
him. and that no attempt had been made
to rob him.
Woodmen of the World.
Western Addition Camp No. 306 of the
Woodmen of the World will give a grand
ball in the Social Hall of the Alcazar
this evening for the benefit of the emer
gency and relief fund. This will be the
first ball given by this camp.
Deacon Keppel Convicted.
The jury in the case of the United States
vs. Garret Keppel yesterday returned a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 189 S.
verdict of guilty of sending an obscene
pamphlet through the mails. He will be
sentenced by Judge de Haven on Mon
day.
Keppel fell In love with Mrs. W. S.
Little, a comely widow of West Biggs.
Butte County, and when the widow gave
him the cold shoulder "he published a
pamphlet interspersed with Scriptural
quotations and accusing her of having
yielded to his wiles.
EFFECT OF A JOKE.
Miss Mary Christmas Suffering From
Spinal Paralysis.
A cruel joke was perpetrated upon Miss
Mary Christmas, 9 Boston Place, Thurs
day night by National Guardsmen at the
armory on Ellis street, between Polx
street and Van Ness avenue.
She has two brothers who belong to tha
National Guard, and some one had told
her that they had been ordered to go to
the front at once. To satisfy herself she
went to the armory and asked some ot
the Guardsmen if it were true that her
brothers had been ordered to the front.
They solemnly assured her that such was
the case. Immediately she fell to the floor
in a fit and she appeared to be so bad
that the ambulance was summoned ami
she was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
An examination showed that she was
suffering from spinal paralysis, caused b>
the sudden shock, and the result might
be serious. She was sent to her horn«»
later.
Young Ladies Entertain.
The members of the Young Ladles'
Sodality of the Sacred Heart Parish gave
a social and dance last Wednesday even-
Ing in their hall on Fell and Fillmore
streets to over 100 specially invited guests.
It was one of the most successful and en
joyable entertainments of this character
ever given by the society. The Interior
of the hall was one blaze of light and
artistic decoration— flags and bunting
lined the walls on all sides, giving the ap
pearance of a fairy palace. Several toasts
were given, those responding being as
follows:
Rev. J. J. Cullen, Dr. Hugh Lagan,
Joseph McDonald, H. Dumont and D.
Sheer! n.
The following young ladies assisted in
entertaining the guests: Misses Edith
Halpln, Fanny Butler, Katherine McDer
mott. Annie Guerin, Kate Coppage, S.
Burke, Katherine Dalton, Gertrude Short
all. Margaret Murphy, Cecelia Flnnigan,
Katherine Hogan and Margaret Gal
lagher.
"How to Succeed ns a Journalist,"
by one of the greatest newspapermen
in the country; in next Sunday's
Call.
Left a Small Estate.
Mrs. Louisa Clifton has applied for let
ters of administration of a J2500 estate left
by her husband, Henry Clifton, who died
on the Bth ult.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Quotations for minlnjr stocks were not mater
' lally disturbed.
Local securities were also about the same,
] with the usual Rood record of sales.
The Oceanic Steamship Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 50c per Bnare May 2.
! The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay a monthly dividend of 50c per
! share May 2.
The usual quarterly dividend of 5c per share
by the Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
j will £c paid May 6.
The Pacific Lighting Company has declared a
monthly dividend of 40c per share, payable
May 6.
The delinquency In office of the Fox assess
j ment of 10 cents per sharp on Hale & Xoreroßs
: stock, has been further postponed to May 10.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle,
j for the week ending April 23, the usual pros
; pecting work was done In the Security. Moyle,
j Black, Main Standard and Fortuna ledges, on
the ISO, 265. 318, 380, 470 and SSO foot levels.
On the 318-foot I'-vel in No. 10 vein, two bodies
I of ore, one 24 Inches wide nn<l the other 20
Inches wide of fair to good quality are being
exploited. The usual quantity of fair to good
i ore was extracted during the week from the
j stopeß In the New, Security, Moyle, Bullion,
Black, No. 10 and Fortuna veins on the 150,
! 200, 265. 31R, 365, 3SO and 682 foot levels.
I There is little chance In the condition of the
■ stopes.
Standard mill statement — Ore crushed for
! the week. 279 tons: average assay vanner tail
: ings, t" IS; concentrates produced, 3 tons: as-
I say value, $6S S3; amalgam produced. 1003<4
j troy ounces; value per ounce, 2 46. At tail
ing!' plant No. 1. 360 tons tailings were treated
during the week. Plant No. 2 trentPd 179%
: tons. ~ The first vat at No. 2 was charged on
: April 20.
In an interview published by the Virginia
i Chronicle Patrick Keryln, superintendent of
i the Brunswick Kxploration Company, says that
If the proposed arrangements ran be made with
the Comstock Tunnel Company, the first move-
I ment when work is begun on the tunnel level
will be to reopen the north drift, driven two or
three hundred feet north of the tunnel line fol
1 lowing the lode, soon after the completion of
i the tunnel. Rome high assays were obtained
: at that time, and the lode at tliat depth shows
I a broad belt of mineralized quartz over two
! hundred feet in width. Work through the shafts
j on the Brunswick will be continued as usual
i while explorations are in progress on the tun
nel level, as the shafts will be needed as air
ways. When connection Is made with the
'. shafts on the tunnel level the operating ex
' penses of the company will be materially re
duced, as all waste and ore extracted in drift-
Ing and raising will be run out through the
tunnel, thus dispensing with the use o. -istly
; hoist plants.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. April 29—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Tj S Bonds— If E L. Co 12 13
4s quar coup. .107 VilOSVi <>aklnnd Gas.. 45<4 45%
4s quar reg. . .106%107 Pac <Jas Imp.. 82*4.83
4s quar new. ..119 119',; Pac L, Co 50 63
Cal-st Cab -ss. — 116 S F G & E.. S3 gSU
Cal-st Cab 55. 113 — Han Fran 3% 3V
Cal El 6s 125 — Stock Jas 12 —
C C Wat 55... — 103 m Insurance—
Dup-st er- c. — 98% Firem's Fund.lSs —
E L i P 65. .127% - | Bank Stocks—
F&Ch R • 6s. - 116%lAng1o-Cal — 62
Gear-8t R ss. 92% 99 Hank of Cai 236 240
H C & S 5%.. 100 105 Cal S D & T — 9fi
L. A LCo 6s. — 100 First >at ....195 —
Do gntd 65.. — ICO L, O n P & A.. .130 —
I Market-Ft 65..123%126 Mer Exchange 10 15
Do Ist M 55..112V 4 — N>v Nat 8...150 15714
Nat Yin Gs Ist — 97% Savings Banks—
NCNg Rv 78.102 • Ger S & L.. — 1650
N Ry Cal 65.. — 112 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55.. WViIOOVi Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R 65. 103 — S F Say U.. — 800
NPC Ry 55.. — 101 S& L 50.... — 100
N Cal 1y 55.. — — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 100 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2.1 Is 55.. — 109 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 63 — 124% California ....108 110
p & O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
P&Ch Rv 6s. 105 110 Market -st .... 50% 50>4
Powell-St 65. ..116 — Presidio 6% 9
I Reno WL&L..IOO — powder—
I SacElec T.y f)S.IO4UIOS~i California ....115 150
iSF &N P 55. 105% — E Dynamite... 85 —
BtarraßCal 6s. 102 105 Giant Con Co; 42V. 43%
SPof Ar 65.. 99% — Vlgorlt 3% Z%
S P Cal 65.. — 113 Miscellaneous—
BPC Is eg 55.. — 96H AI Pac Assn.. 92 95
I S P lir 6s 108 — Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat GK...115 116 Hana P C 0... — 15
S V Wat 45...100%103 BCAB Co.. 23% 23%
Stock Gas- 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 46% 46%
Wnter— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 48 — Nat Vln C 0... — 6".
Marln Co 50 — Oceanic S Co. 45 48%
Spring Valley. 98% 99 Pac A F L,.. 1% 2%
Gas & Klectric— Pac Bot C0...100%101
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint Co. 6% 10
Morning Session.
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 75
425 do do 23 62%
210 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 75
15 Giant Powder Con 4300
70 Market -street Railway 60 25
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 47 CO
15 do do 46 00
10 do do 46 50
10 Pacific Gas Imp 82 20
12:. X F Ghs & Electric Co 83 25
30 Spring Valley Water 99 00
10 do do 98 75
150 Vigorit Powder 3 87%
Afternoon Session.
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 62%
25 Market-street Railway 50 25
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 75
10 do do 46 50
25 Oakland Gas 45 50
140 Pacific Gas Imp 83 00
17 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 25
215 S F Gaslight 3 50
16000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 25
J3UOO do do 106 00
Street—
IS Hutchinson S P Co 46 75
J7OOO Mnrket-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 112 50
I L 0 Oceanic Steamship Co 46 50
10 B F Gas & Electric Co S3 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
$1000 Spring Valley Water 4s 10100
Street—
E0 Hawaiian C & 8 Co 23 75
50 do do 23 87%
100 do do 24 00
50 do do 24 12%
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 46 62%
40 do do 46 75
Mi Spring Valley Water 99 00
20 do do 99 12%
30 S F Gas & Electric S:i 2.1
35 Oceanic Steamship Co 46 75
20 do do 47 00
Afternoon Session.
50 Giant Powder 42 75
WHuichinson S P Co 46 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning- "Session.
100 Alpha 031150 22
l«0 Belcher 14 1 200 Justice 09
100 Bullion 07 300 Sierra Nevada.. 71
100 Con Cal & Va.. 60 400 Union Con 17
100 Gould & Curry.. 21 ]
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes OSIIOO Overman 02
100 Con Cal & Va.. 60 ! 250 Sierra Nevada.. 66
300 Exchequer 02 200 67
ioo Gould & Curry.. 201300 Union Con 17
700 Hale & Norcrs. 50 1
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morninp Session.
500 Alpha 031500 Gould tz Curry.. 21
2'«> Alta 901500 Justice 10
JH V'V 19 200 Ophir 39
300 Andes 09 1 200 Sierra Nevada.. 71
2<K> Chollar ]g fi r )0 70
•-'iNi Confidence 41 2CO Union Con 16
200 Crown Point ... n
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, April 29—4 p. m.
 . Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Julia 01 02
Alta 17 19 Justice 09 11
Andes OS 09 Kentuck 01 02
Brnton Con .. - X Lady Wash ... — 03
Rp|<-her 12 13 Mexican 10 12
Best & Belchr. 2S 29 Occidental 115 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 38 3!t
falPdonla 13 16 Overman 01 03
foliar _ 1S pp o tosi 23 24
Challenge Con. 13 14 Savage 13 14
Con Cal & Va. 59 60 Sep Belchor ..01 02
Confidence 40 45 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 66 li"
Crown Point ..09 11 Silver Hill — 01
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con .. — 20 Standard —160
Exchequer 01 02 Union Con .... 15 17
Gould & Curry. 20 21 Utah 06 07
Hale & Norcrs. — ro Yellow Jacket. 09 10
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William J., David C, Daniel V., John S.,
Thomas F. and Elizabeth B. Egan to Bridget
Egan, lot on N line of Page street, 192:6 W of
Cough. W 55 by N 120: also lot on SE line of
Tehama street. 187:6 NE of Fourth, NE 25 by
SE 80; also undivided quarter of lots 15 and
16, block 201, South San Francisco Homestead
and Railroad Association, described as N cor
ner of Eleventh avenue and C street, N 150 by
E 100: gift.
Bridget McCarthy to Charles A. Shurtleff,
lot on M line of California street, 82:6 W of
Devisadero, W 27:6 by N 53:1: $10.
James T. Henry to J. P. Martin, lot on N
line of Washington street, 70:10 E of Walnut,
E 33:4 by X 117:8%; $10.
Joseph F. Halloran to Adallne K. Halloran.
lot on E line of Ashbury street, 126:6 N of
Frederick, N 50 by E 106:3: gift.
Peter J. McGovern to Frank MeGovern. lot
on \V corner of Mission and Ninth streets,
SW 40 by N\V 95: $7600.
John S. and Sophia E. Morgan to J. S. Mor
gan & Sons (a corporation), lot on SW line of
Ninth street, 175 SE of Harrison, SE 37:6, SW
IBS, XW 37:8, NE 85, SE 0:2, NE 100; grant.
Minnie 1,. O'Connell to Lillie C. O'Connell.
lot on NE line of Hampton place, 152 SE of
Folsom street, also 220 NE of Third, BE 20:6
by NE 55; $10.
Alice E. Eastland to Larz A. Smith, lot
1097, gift map 3. quitclaim deed: $1.
William and Rachel McKay to William Cor
bin. X half of lot 4, block T. Railroad Home
stead Association; $400.
Mary McDonough to John MeDonough, lot
on N line of Eighteenth avenue, 50 E of S
street, E 50 by N 200, block 343, O"N. & H.
Tract; also lot on S corner of Tenerlffe (Fif
teenth) and Tomblgbee (Q) streets, SE 50 by
SW 92:6, block 305, same; $1.
Alameda County.
Paul Roussel to Josephine Roussel, lot on 8
line of Railroad avenue. 142:10 W of Willow
street. W K:O%, S 201:2U, E 30:8%. N lOOiT'-i.
W 6:8, N 160:75. to beginning, block 503. Oak
land; gilt.
Annie Levy to J. J. White, lot on W line of
Grove street. S4 S of Twenty-ninth. S 28 by
W 115, being lot 5. l.lwk D, Henry subdivision
Whltoher. Broekhurst and Roland Tracts, quit
claim deed. Oakland; $5.
J. J. and -Mary White to Hannah Greene
baum, same. Oakland: $5.
Benjamin Wright. Margaret Schutte and
Williani H. Knight (administrator estate of
Diederich Bchutte. hy commissioner) to Oak
land Hank of Savings, lot on X corner Fifth
avenue and X Tenth :;treet. XE 50 by SE 140,
block 21, Clinton. East Oakland; also lot on
X line of Telegraph avenue, as recognized in
1868, 50 feet 3 of Walnut street, S 100 by E
125, I.Hng lots 4 and 5, block D, Wllcox Place,
Oakland: (10,615.
John (*.. and Adolphine Zlllmer to Henry
Warnholz, lot on S line of Blake street, 175 E
of Fulton, E 50 by S 125. being lot 36, block
1454, Blake Tract. Map 2. subject to a mort
gage for $2300. Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. anil Sarah M. Jones to Gustave
Zeh. lot on NE line of Oalindo street. 125 RE
of Peralta avenue, SE 50 hy N'E 115, being por
tion Galindo Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Jacob and Llna Herman (by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to William Laun. lot on NW corner
of Walter avenue and Berlin street, N 50 by
W 12.1. being lots iiO and 51, Alvin Tract, Brook
lyn Township; Jin.
Charles Clausen to Henry Cowell. lot on S
line of Walter avenue, $5 E of Rerlln street.
E 34.77. S 1(V). W 37.57, N 100 to beginning, be
ing a portion of the same (quitclaim deed); $10.
Lewis K. and Minnie E. Campbell to Ala
meda Building and Loan Association, lot on N
line of Eagle avenue, 14S:0U> E of Park street,
N 150 by E 25, W half of lot 7, block F, Ala
meda Station Homestead Tract, Alameda; $100.
Jodocua Bchroder to Joseph Lessmann. lot on
SE corner Of Taylor and Wood streets, S 324
by E 100. block 69.".. Oakland: $10.
Anna M. Bradley (wife of W. C. Bradley),
Thomas Casey and Elizabeth Hlpglns (wife of
J. B. Higgtns> to John Simon, lot on SE corner
nf Seventh and Madison streets. E I' 1" iiy 5 M
being a portion of Mock 127, Oakland: $10.
J. L. and Mar>- C. Barker to Harry G. Oliver,
lot on N line of Dwight way, 1,10 W of Mllvia
street, W 50 by N 135, being lot 8, block 6 Bar
ker Tract Berkeley: $100.
D. M. Wilson to Emil Pfankuchen. lot on N
line of Nico] avenue. 100 W of Taylor street,
N 150. W 47.40. S 150.r.2. E 50 to heginnlng, l>e
ing lots 31 and 22. block G. corrected map of
N'lcol Tract. Brooklyn Township: $«0.
Kffle L. Kroll (wife of W. F. Kroll) to Isaac
Cohen, all interest In lots 1 to 9. 3.'. to 41 block
A, Everett Tract. Brooklyn Township: $5.
Baruch Goldberg to Leon B. Goldberc. lot
on E corner of Nineteenth avenue and East
Twenty-seventh street, SE 250 by NE 140 block
92, Northern Addition to Brooklyn, Brooklyn
Township (warranty deed); $10.
' BUILDERS 1 CONTRACTS.
Charles and Katie Fleischer (owners) with
Carl A. Holm (contractor), architect William
11. Wharff, all work except mantels, tiling,
water and pas services for a two story frame
building, four flats, on SE line of Bernlce
street. SO S\V of Twei.ih SW 40:9%. SE 75,
NE 39:5Vt. NW 75. M. B. 17: J3628.
The Homeopathic Sanitarium (owners) with
Z. O. Field (contractor), architects Havens &
Toepke, all work for alterations and additions
to some two and three story frame •buildings
known as 2110 Central avenue, converting the ;
same Into a sanitarium on E line of Central
avenue, 60 X of Clay street. E 100, N 30, E
50:11, N 10, E 50, N 27:8 l i, W 200:11, S 67:8% ;
$34*0. - ' .
Felix Marcuse (owner) wttTi Marcuse & Rem
mel (contractors and architects), all work for
three eight-room two-story and attic frame
dwellings, on W line of Sixth avenue. 133:8 N
of California street, N 75 by W 120; $9000.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
T Sallgnac, London O G Sage, Sacto
S Campanari. Venezla H G Bond, S Clara
Mmc Melba&m, Londn F Bruce, N V
Miss Bennett, London Miss Bruce. N T
C A Ellis. Boston Miss A Bruce, N V
A Graef & w. NY E F Claypool, Ind
W Jones, Riverside Mrs Claypool, Ind
H \V Adams. Sacto II Bl.uckstone Stanfd
G S Long, Texas R Jacobs, Portland
W R Rust. Tacoma Mrs Jacobs, Portland
B Mitchell & w. Cal Miss Jacobs. Portland
] > 1 Baker, Boston R L Lee. N V
0 Salisbury, Boston Mrs R ], Lee, N V
F Carmack, St Louisi F W Sisson. Arizona
C Ettinger & w, Chgo H J Liggitt, x V
J E Sasen. NY J B Quigjey, L Ang
GRAND HOTEL.
A W Slas & w, N V J B Scott, Salinas
J Condon. Nev. J Iverson, Salinas
Mrs Fisher, NY A G Stoll. Sacto
S Kitchner. Stockton D C Wright, Los Ang
X Fraser. Rio Vista YV Coffin, Whittler
J Mi-Gaughran, Cal C Reynolds, Pasadena
J Hebbron, Salinas W Thomas, Ukiah
E Fraser, Rio Vista A Ehle, Chicago
C Finkham, Chico R W Brown, Colfax
1 r.uir & w, Redding C Lindsay, S Cruz
F Ransom*. Cal IB w Allen. Washingtn
A Burkner & fm. Wis IJ Bradley, Merced
G Wilson, Edinburgh J C Hall. Redlands
R Clark. Carson J W Johneaon. Sacto
J Burke, Ukiah
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
M C Curran, Sacto J Williams, Tular*
A B Harney, Sacto Dr G W Wise, Stocktn
M 3 Kullivan. Vallejo F Stubbs & fm. LosAn
}• J Murtha, San RafliE J Lawrence & w, Cal
Wl' Ramsey. Fresno J S Lewis. Vacavllle
A Cohen. Sacto R Merritt. C?al
J Jacobs. <"al J Jameson. Reno
A E Hansen, Stockton R Curtis. Yuba City
M J Lyddey, Rio Vista G Keang. Kern
C L Brooks, Stockton |W A Owen, Arbuckle
J D Smart, Vlsalia
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W P Black. Ohio IE" Cladwell, Helena
R Benjamin, Vallejo |J Parry. Belvedere
W Longfelder, N V Mrs Parry, Belvedere
Mrs IyonßfHrlor. N V I W S Meyers, S Louis
C Hurlburt. Phlla I A B Meyers, Seattle
Mrs Hurlburt, Phlla
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night h> the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SB7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open v 'I 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Slxt.inth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission etreet; open until 9 o'clock.
1506 Polk street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
I ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. & A. •
M.— Officers and members are request- _#\_
ed to attend th<- funeral of JAMES E. TLj\
HOWLAND, late a member oL' Star'^T
in the East Lodge, Mass., from the Masonic
Temple. SUNDAY. May 1, at 1:30 p. m.
Master Masons, relatives and friends are cor-
j dially invited. A. S. HUBBARD, Sec.
! EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, P. and •
[ A. M.— Special meeting SUNDAY, May _^\_
1, at 9:45 o'clock a. m.. for the imr|i'*e tKjT
of conducting the funeral of our late'^r A
! brother, THOMAS JEFFREY MORAGHAN.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
ORDER Eastern Star— Members of \4
Golden c,a\<- Chapter No. 1 will nt- j/B^
tend the funeral of our late sister, w
CAROLINE A. HEUER. at Odd Fel- *
lows' Hall, Park St., corner Santa Clara.
Alameda, THIS DAY. at 10:30 o'clock a. m.
By order of the Worthy Matron.
COURT Occidental No. 6676, A. O. F.-**^*
Officers and members are notified to (*T
attend the funeral of our late brother. M'\
HENRY WISE GIRDLESTONE, on ft— >
SUNDAY, May 1, at 2 p. m., in Foresters'
plat. Mount Olivet Cemetery. By order of
the Chief Ranger. J. T. VINAL.
UNDER the auspices of the Knights of *
the Red Branch, the twenty-ninth an- iC+
mial picnic and n-unlon of the Irish \yP[A
Nationalists of California will be held ' wtr
at Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on next
Sunday, May 1. mr n this occasion the danc-
ing 1 and games will be much more attractive
than ever before. The be Jis and reel danc-
■ers on the coast will compete for valuable
prizes. THE COMMITTEE.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from George C. Rose,
in the Blue Rock mine at Georgia
Slide, El Dorado County, to deposit tail-
ings behind the dam of the Gold Bug
mine in Canyon Creek; from A. B. Dries-
bach and J. F. Dudley, In the Driesbach
& Dudley mine near North San Juan, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings in Shady-
Creek; from William E. Moore and John Is-
blster. In the Fair View mine at Sweetland,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings on a fiat
below the mine, and from David Cabona and
John Romano, In the Imperial mine near
Sierra City, Sierra County, to deposit tall-
ings In old pits below the mine, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on May 16,
IS9B, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TI'ESDAY, the 10th day of
May. 1898. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on FRIDAY, April 29, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MONTGOMERyTb?7, cor.^Clay— Open until 5:3»
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrlp-
tlona and want ads taken.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine
massage. S6s^i Market St., rooms 9 and 11.
MRS. LESSER and assistant: genuine vapor
baths and treatments. 124 Sixth St., room 2.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BATHS for the aged; thermal, electro-mag-
netic; invigorating; sure cure for all skin
diseases. 1035 Market; parlor 8.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1, 147 Powell st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery 6t., room 6; tel. 5580.
MISS R. DUVAL, Just from the East; expert
chiropodist and manicure. Rooms 2 and 3,
223 Post st.
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 1.>4 Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 A Gj-ant aye., room 17.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
tric vapor. 204 Sutter st.; 2d floor.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 5.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans:
baths and massage. 1118 Market st., rm. 8.
ROOM 3 papered from $2 50; whitened. $L 343
Third st. and 280S Twenty-fourth.
RAY FAIR, magnetic healer and card reader.
208 O'Farrell st., room 2.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths 120 Vi Geary st., room 11.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10. second floor front.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny St., room 2.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh St.—
Want adp and subscriptions taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend ~No.~BO (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 M.irket St., on and after Mon-
day, May 2. 1898. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, April 26, ISfIS, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary-
SITUATivKS WANTED— FEMALE.
DANISH girl, good cook and houspworker, two
ypars la*t plai'p; city or country. Apply at
the Swedish and German Employment Bureau.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st. ; tel. Green 721.
FIRST-CLASS cook wishes situation: hotel or
hoarding house. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS German second girl; city or
country; best references. MRS. NORTON,
323 Sutter St.
ENGLISH second girl, best of city reference,
desires a situation. J. P. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER for widower or bachelor by
capable widow without incumbrance; no ob-
jection to country. Address D.. box 7, Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wants engagements
in family by the day at once; rapid work;
perfect satisfaction. Address box 1548, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes to do general house-
work; good cook; not afraid of work; $10 per
month. Box 1549, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class cook in
hotel or boarding house, or will go out by the
day. Please call or address to 314 Sixth st.
TRAINED nurse would like an engagement;
$13 per week. Address box 1539. Call office.
POSITION as cashier or waitress wanted by
young lady. Address 746 Howard st:
YOUNG girl wishes position to do chamber-
work. 312 Minna St., near Fourth.
WANTED— Work by a pianist and pipe organ-
ist. Box 1577, Call office.
RESPECTARLE woman, good worker, wants
work of any kind by the day. Box 1568, Call.
WOMAN wishes to do housework; city or coun-
try. C. C, 737 Howard st., call for 2 <3ays.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker; has returned to the
city; perfect fit guaranteed; latest designs;
a la mode; $1 25 per day. 536 Valencia St.,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker desires
a few more engagements; $1 25 per day; city
or country. Address box 1749, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian girl wishes posi-
tion as chambermaid or housework; wages
$20 to $25. Address 656 Minna st.
EX I'KKIKM 'ED dressmaker, good fitter;
dresses made over; suits made 2 days. 36
Lexington aye., near Eighteenth.
Y.OUNG Viennese lady wishes position as
housekeeper or companion in family. Box
1545, Call office.
LADY of experience as housekeeper or as gov-
erness and care of young children; music;
city or country': references exchanged. E.
A., Box 1575, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires position in hotel,
restaurant or boarding house; wages' not less
than $8 a week; age 35. Address box 1539, Call.
AN experienced designer and dressmaker de-
sires dressmaking in families, $2 a day. Box
. 1576, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like position as seam-
j stress or to do second work, lfll Eddy st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help-
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
! CHINESE and Japanese employer t=nt office-
best help. 414 £ O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help: tel. Grant 5" Geo. AokJ. 30 Gear- st.
EASTERN couple, wife first-class cook and
housekoepr-r, man thorough horseman, good
milker, desire positions as coachman and
cook or take cure of residence during ab-
sence; Al Enstern reference. Address C B.
CHASE, 667 Minna st.
WANTED— Position as foreman machine shop-
railroad shop preferred; best of references
Box 154«. fall office.
ELDERLY man, once rich; poor through hon-
esty, _ wants trusted position: references and
bonds. Address box 1833, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an up to date chef
cook; city or country. Address J. C. FRANK-
ENBERG, 143 Third St.
MARRIED man of good address wants work
of any kind; good penman. BAILEY 27
Chattanooga st.
MIDDLE-AGED man (German and English)
wishes situation as a driver; responsible
party. Box 1552. Call office.
GOOD strong boy, capable and obliging, wants
work; references. HOWNEY, 27 Chattanooga.
SITUATIONS IV ANTED— Continued.
F\STERN^;ouple, wife first-class cook and
housekeeper; man thorough home man, good
milker, desires position as washman and
cook or take care of residence during ab-
sence; Al Eastern reference. C. B. E.
HOUSE, 1667 Minna St.
GERMAN generally useful, understands gar-
dening, take care of horses; can milk; ref-
erences; wages moderate. M. M., 6.4 six-
teenth st. East Oakland.
NO 1 accountant and collector desires position:
satisfactory services or no salary; very best
references. Address box 1619, Call office.
YOUNG man of 30, married, wishes situation:
wholesale or retail house; best references.
Arldrpss box 1636. Call office.
BLACKSMITH wants work In a wagon shop,
or as tool sharpener in a mine. Address
Blacksmith, 949 Howard st.
GARDENER, single man, wants situation;
first-class references. Box 1570. Call office.
WISHES position as special policeman or
watchman. Ijox 1569. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man, since many years con-
nected with the management of lodging-
houses and thoroughly trustworthy, wants
employment; references given. Address box
1574, Call.
POSITION wanted by first-class stenographer
and bookkeeper; good references; 2 years' ex-
perience. Box 1638, Call office.
MAN and wife (middle-aged) want positions on
a chicken ranch; good fruit-grower and wine-
maker; wife good cook, also first-class
needlewoman; good references. Box 1666,
Call Office.
COOK, good all around, first baker and pastry
cook, wants situation, city, country or steam-
Bhlp, by Ist of May. E., box 1675. Call.
SITUATION as Janitor by first-class painter
and paper-hanger; used to general jobbing
work. H. 8.. Frultvale P. O.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German; understands garden-
ing, care of horses, milk; long experience In
raising poultry; private place preferred: beat
references. Address C. S., 631 Sacramento st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 60 night: $1 5» to M
week; convenient c_d respectable; tre* Dus
and fcaggage to and from fer-y.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Ths Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WAXTED-FEMALE.
NURSE girl willing to assist with upstairs
work. $15, see lady at 10 o'clock. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st.
GERMAN refined nurse, 2 boys, country, $25.
MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell St. _
GERMAN second girl, Oakland, $20. MRS.
LAMBERT. 417 Powell St.
FOREWOMAN, eltv hotel laundry, who under-
stands marking, $35, room and board. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 in family. $16. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Putter st.
COOK, hotel, country, $30. MISS CULLEN.
325 Putter st.
NEAT girl, light housework, $10; sleep home.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN or Swedish housekeeper, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SEAMSTRESS, $2". MISS CULLEN, 32.", Sut-
ter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, 2 In family, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country. $25. see lady here.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
REFINED German nursery governess, city, $25;
3 second girls, $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GERMAN or French second girl and seam-
streps, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED German or French second girl, $20.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
CLEANING woman. Institution, $18; girl, wait
on door. $15; housework girl. Alameda, $25, 2
In family: 12 housework girls, city and coun-
try. $20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FOREWOMAN who understands marking for
city hotel laundry, $35 to $40: 2 waitresses,
country, $20: waitress, city, $20; restaurant
waitress. $6; 5 restaurant waitresses, $5;
young waitress, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter to assist
with office work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook. $25: German house girl, $25; 10
house girls for city places, $20 to $25; 20 house
Kirls for city. $15 to $20; second girl, Oakland,
$I>>; young girl, company for lady, $8, no office
fee. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR Country — Laundress and chambermaid,
private family, $2. r >, see lady here at 11 to-day;
second girl and seamstress, $25; waitress and
chambermaid, resort, $20: cook, small hotel.
$25; and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Setter et.
PROTESTANT girl for housework, 3 in family.
$25; 3 German. French and American second
girls and sewing, $20 and $25; 2 German
nurses, $20; 3 cooks. $25 and $30; 6 waitresses.
$20, $5 and $6 week: 2 restaurant cooks, $7
and $S week; and girls for housework: 15
young girls to assist. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for milk ranch, $12,
easy place; second girl, $20: German or
French second girl. $25, see party here; cook
and second girl. Mill Valley, $25 and $20,
and a number of house girls, city and coun-
try. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
NEAT woman for cocking and housework,
ranch. $20; young nursegirl, nice country
place. $10. see lady here. MURRAY &
READY, 634-68 C Clay St.
LADIES' Select Exchange, managed exclu-
sively by ladies: strictly confidential in Its
operations; situations secured for teachers,
governesses, companions, bookkeepers, clerks,
salesladies, copyists, trained nurses: member-
ships issued, including all commercial posi-
tions; investigate. 313 Bush st.
LADIES' Commercial Employment Exchange;
strictly first-class; 25 years' experience in
• the largest business centers; modern in all
departments. 313 Bush st.
GERMAN nurse and seamstress, $20; 3 second
girls, $20 and J2.V, 4 cooks, $28; restaurant
cooks; head chambermaid, $40; 6 waitresses;
girls for housework. 1023 Market St.
WANTED — 150 young ladies to take part in
a tableau at the Bal Masque to be given by
the Golden Gate Association at Mechanics'
Pavilion to-night; apply 10 and 12 m., GOLD-
STEIN & CO.. 733 Market st.
NEAT young girl (German preferred) for gen-
eral housework in a family of 3; will be
treated as one of the family; wa^es $10 or
$12. Address MRS. MURRAY, postofflce, Sta-
tion A.
COMPETENT girl, general housework; wages
$20, 3 In family; references required. Call at
2518 Union St., from 8 to 10 a. m.
GIRL to do light housework and help mind 2
children; sleep at home. Call after lpm
1899 Market st., corner Twelfth.
WANTED— Woman for light housework and
companion; fair pay and good home for right
party. Call after 12, 116 Tavlor st.
IRST-CLASS tailoress for ladies' fine work-
good wages. Emporium Dressmaking Dept. '
WAITRESS wanted. Model Restaurant, 753
Market St., be; 3d and 4th: call early.
: WANTED— Good laundress for Mondays; $1 a
day and carfare. Sfi? Capp st.
YOUNG girl to make herself useful;' wages
WANTED— GirI for rooking and general house-
work. Apply 2409 Washington st.
PRESSER and girl to sew by hand and ma-
chine; steady work. 473 Tehama st.
WAITRESS wanted at 23R Fourth street.
WANTED— GirI to do chamberwork. 308^ Sut-
WANTED- Girl for general housework. Call 11
Sixth st.
W . A - NT <H D T Young glrl for housework; wages
$la. STALLMAN, Caroline St., near Kings
aye., Alameda.
YOUNG German girl to assist in light house-
work. 3443 Sixteenth St., corner of Sanchez.
WANTED— Young lady cook, mining camp.
Address W. S., box 1656, Call office.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
_st.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial lree.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1020 Market
Bt. ; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; position!
free: patterns 2Ec. McDOWKIX'S. 103 Post.
HELP WASTED- MALI!. .
WANTED— Butter maker and milker for small
private dairy, $25: Scandinavian milker, good,
, steady place, $25: man to milk and do chores,
$20; man , Tor housework in private family.
" $10 per month and found; farmers; second
cook for bay steamer, $25 and room. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Butler. $35; -c second butler, $25;
coachman and gardener, $30; man to milk
cows, make butter and tend to chickens, $2j
to $30: waiter, $40; waiter. $35; German cook,
$60; assistant cook, $25, etc. ANDRE'S, 316
-Stockton st. ' . . ___
WANTED— B laborers. $1 75 day. board where
you please; milker, $25: 3 Germans for. nurs-
ery, $20; choreman and milker, $20; milker and
, : cook for 3 men, $30; -second cook. $6 week,
second cook for river steamer. $25;: restau-
rant cook.. $35; cook for Nevada, $40. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento St.
BOOKKEEPER, country hotel, $50. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 4ao Kearny bu <
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BAKER and pastry cook for a hotel SvTiT^i
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary "t
THREE cooks, $7 and $10 a week; cook co-in
try hotel. $35 and fare advanced; cook "boar!"
ing house, city, $35; ranch cook who ran
milk. $25; pantryman, $20. C. rt. HAN«i--3
& CO., 104 Geary St. Dan
TE.< shovelers for the coast railroad f ri .«
fare; we ship Sunday. C. R. HANSEN- _
CO., 104 Geary st. *
FIFTEEN railroad laborers, pick and shovsl
work, coast railroad, free fare; we ship Sun
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. JO4 Geary £
SIX men to dump dirt cars. $1 75 a day c v
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. **
TEN 2-horse teamsters, near city, $1 75- w «
ship to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO '
Geary st. " iJ *
WAITER for Nevada, $25 and fare advance?
German waiter, coffee house, $9 a week O
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '
HEAD waiter for a country hotel, $50. C H_
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St. "
GERMAN confectioner and pastry cook, coua.
try. $70 and found. C. R. HANSEN _ CO
104 Geary st.
COOK and wife, country hotel. $80 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TEN railroad laborers, free fare, new road
ship to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., IJ4
Geary st.
"FREE" "FARE"— "FREE
35 teamsters and laborers for a great rail-
road job. Call early, "free fare." MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BUTCHER for a ranch, $.15 and found. MUrI
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
FOR A GREAT CORPORATION
10 teamsters and 10 laborers, $1 75 a day; r,\\
early. MURRAY & READY, 634 and l_
Clay st.
FARMER and wife, Santa Cru_ CountyT~ll
farmhands, different places. MURRAT £
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
MAN and wife, man to learn blacksmlthlnrt
wife tn do housework; spp boss here. J4UK-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
60 RAILROAD laborers and teamsters, $28 ■
month and board. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
8 COOKS > waiter!
5 dishwashers 1 lronera
Bartender 2 pantrymen
3 choreboys 20 wood-choppera
10 coal miners 60 tie-maker*
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ENGINEER. $2 50 a day. MURRAY""*
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
REPORT— Registrations, male department.. 4lB
Registrations, female department, Mq
770 members; 1002 orders; 500 at work: 25
years established; has opened and operate!
125 offices; England, Canada and United
States. Clerks' Association, 313 Bush st.
185 MEMBERS give written indorsement to
Clerks' Exchange to-day. 31C Bush st.
HEADQUARTERS the only membership com-
mercial employment bureau on the Paclflo
Coast. 313 Bush st.
1385 IN 6 months: evidence of popularity, hon-
esty, system. The Clerks' Association, exclu-
sively commercial, 313 Bush st.
MEMBERSHIPS only; weekly benefits whea
out of work after 3 months; investigate.
Clerks' Association (Incorporated), 313 Bush.
OFFICE clerks, assistants, bookkeepers, tlm»*
keepers, hotel clerks, traveling salesmen,
drivers, porters, find paying, steady positions*
313 Bush st.
GERMAN man. vineyard, $15 and found, se*
_party here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BELL boy, $10 per month. MISS CULLEnT
325 Sutter St.
GERMAN man. vineyard. $15 and found. MISS
CULLEN. 32S Sutter St.
SALESMEN— SICO a month and expenses guar-
anteed selling to merchants and families our
machines for cooling refrigerators; guaran-
teed 75 per cent cheaper than ice. For full
particulars address ARCTIC REFRIGERAT-
ING CO., Cincinnati, O.
WANTED — Canvasser for cleaning and dye-
ing; reliable, sober and honest, and that
means strictly business; no other need apply;
percentage 25c to 30c. L. A. PATZER, 231
North El Dorado St., Stockton, Cal.
STEADY man, satisfied with $15 a wetk, to as-
?ist srenprally and keep plain accounts !n
light cash business; must have some cash.
917 Market st., room 2.
XOUNG man to sweep in lodging-hnuse; room,
board and laundry; no wages. Alpha House,
5 Market St.
GOOD barber for Saturday afternoon and Sun-
days. 623 Clay st.
WANTED — PtmnK boy with some experience In
bakery. 613 Post st.
EXPERIENi'KP dress and domestic salesmen.
Box 1550, Call office.
GOOD waiter wanted at 135 Fifth st. ; call
early.
WANTED— A strong boy to learn the baking
business; call after 9 a. m. 142 Eleventh st.
WANTED— A good cook; call early. 218 Powell.
4000 PAIR; another lot men's shoes; been,
slightly damaged; at less than one-fourth
their value; from 75c to ?2 r,O. 362 Mission.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling. S.'ic. 969 Howard st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages ot
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of eood character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
LADIES' shoes, soling, 35c; men's shoes, sol-
ing, 50c; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
WANTED— A good barber in a country town.
Apply S. GROSSMAN. 130 Ninth st.
METAL spinner wanted; also good tinsmith.
555 Mission St.
WANTED — Upright persons to travel; salary
$7SO and expenses; references; inclose self-ad-
dressed stamped envelope. THE DOMINION
COMPANY, Cllcago.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs. 2 baths. Central Cal-
ifornia, fn r sale, exchange: no Sunday work.
DEC XX I. MAX BROS.. 108 Ellis St.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, r.eno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
; ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 623.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass' n Free Employm't Office.- 3.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 3.
F. Barber College. 13S>, Eighth st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764'; Mission*
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis-Rooms 250 to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms. 10c and «c night; 75c and It
week. Lindeil Houg*.ja3rth_and_Ho»»"' «ts.
WANTED-To collect wages du % laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. IM Sutler.
■qjfrs^ n^^ n Ho hh w nn a d rd BSr8 Sr
■ AGENTS WANTED.
TrMrvTV "for' now and cloak cutting
AGENT* for " ne ro flt s: exclusive territory.
S?* St ii e n : Aeen^y Automatic Dress and Cloak
g^f^jgjgtersan Jose, Cal.
. PI ,m energetic men and women can secure
A rTmuVir-ative employment with a patriotio
P^prnal n=urance order now being intro-
fraternal insuran , sco and Northern Ca ,_
ffornla Can 2to 4 p. m. 435 California st.
B. F. FIELD- .
7Tnv~an<T gentleman to canvass for a society.
L l p^y at room 25, 21 Powell st., between t
Apply at room Z», -i ±oweu »i.. kibkl ■
and 4. [ ;; — __ -
TofvTS attention-The war is on and every-
one wants the History of Our Navy by
Tnhnß Spear; over 400 illustrations; sold on
& month v payments: including one year's
s£e subscription to Scrlbner's Magazine.
Call or write, Scribner's Magazine. 119-111
Phelan Bldg.. San Francisco. Cal.
rvpFRIENCED solicitor; staple article: can
Invert in business If desired. Box 1642, Call.
t ADIES and gents to canvas for "The Rent
Saver": salary. The Chicago Parlor Bed
Chair Co., 1463 Market st. - - ■• '
— Canvassers for coal oil. Apply V.
B. Joyce Oil Co.. Seventh and King sts.
no vnu want employment? Call or address
LEFFLKR. 323 O'Farrell St.. 7t09 a. m. -
ROOMS AM) BOARD \\A\TKI>. '
WANTED— In the vicinity of Eighth and How-
ard sts., a comfortable room, with or with-
out board, where there are no other roomers.
Box 1546. Call office. »
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— 2S young crows. T. M. FERGU-
SON. 719 Market st. ' - '
WANTED— Second-hand tank and windmill.
i Address box R., West Berkeley.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st. \; * •
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-eft
, .clothing bought. Add. COLEMAV- 4 Third.rm ixkss chances.
THE best located restaurant on Market St.,
doing a first-class paying business; other
business compels owner to sell; a rare
chance. WILKK, 783 Market st.
$1800— LOON only day business; choicest lo-
cation In this city; rent $40; daily receipts
$22; large (stock: fine fixtures: owner com-
pelled to leave the city at once. Particulars
WILKE, 753 Market st. -
$150— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; aver-
age receipts $S; nice living rooms; rent $15;
stand fullest Investigation; trial given; owner 1
f| leaving city. WILKE, "S3 Market st.
STABLE window shade holder— now
■ fully prepared to sell JState rights on the
ni'ist reasonable terms; this has no opposi-
tion; sells at sight: highly appreciated and
recommended by the leading people of the
United States and Canada; write at once
and get your choice of States. WILKE,' 753
Market st.
$6:.O— PARTNER wanted In old-established and
money-making saloon, few doors from Claus
Spreckels building: th( best offer for. the
right party: clear profit $150 per month guar-
anteed. See V\'ILKE, 753 Market st.
$500— FINE saloon, a few doors from Market
St., in the heart of the City; well established,
paying place. M. LESS, 765 Market 6t. .
$500 — PARTNER wanted in an Al saloon busi-
ness in the vicinity Of the Baldwin Hotel; ex-
cellent trade; money-making place. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
— — POULTRY, game, fruit and vegetable
store In finest market; north of Market St.;
clearing SlOO per month: trial. M. -LESS.
765 Market st.
$250— CORNER cigar store; neat place; excel-
lent location; receipts $300 to $350 per month;
I positive proof; death owner causes sacrifice.
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$75— SALOON; good location; south of Market;
4 living rooms; rent $10; must be sold at once;
owner going north; bargain. M. LESS, 765
Market st. .
$100— PAYING cigar store, stationery, notions;
\ 5 living rooms; rent $20; invoice value of
etock $135; Investigate; satisfy yourself. M,
i LESS, 705 Market at.
$350— BARBER shop; Western Addition; . 3
chairs; rent $30; business and stock would
Justify investment of $500; proof furnlshcl
through trial. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
$250— PAYING provision store; 3 furnished
rooms; line location; big outside route; norse
and wagon; genuine bargain. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
A— KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers. 22V4
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$3:"" — Grocery and bar: fine cor.; living rooms.
Home restaurant; finest; best paying.'
$325 — Combination, store; grocery; restaurant,
furnished flat.
~i Stationery, books. Call and laundry
Kf.fflce.
$2000— Florist and nursery; 2 acres under glass.
\ $2100= : -Bookb!ndery:best equipped on coast.
I $4" '"» -.Steam laundry: plant and buildings.
$700 — Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
$6000— MEDICAL Mfg Inc.;. 25.000 shares; par
value $1: large salary for right man; value
in stock. KREDO _ CO., Z2& Geary st. .
•BEST shooting gallery: cigar stand pays
pent; clears <;: ■ KREDO & C0.,.22fe Geary.
•Hotel; $10 rooms; dining-room and bar; 30
steady boarders. KREDO & CO., 2214 Geary.
Pork and delicacy; 3 living-rooms; cheap
rent; good business. KREDO & CO., 22%
iry st.
$10«0 CASH. $700 in business; will exchange for
ise ar.d lot; small street south of Market.
LAUGH LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
-COUNTRY store and blacksmith . shop,
complete, with acre of land; worth $2000. Mc-
LAUGH .IN & CO., 23 Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted In restaurant business;
LA 111 11 LIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
— GENERAL merchandise business In
iiury town SO miles from S. F. : stock will
Invoice amount asked; trade will average $35
per day; will sell half-Interest If 1 referred.
BURKE & CO., 917 Market st.
$10. $50, $100 CAN be Invested where It will
yield as large a profit as is consistent with
safety; send for our free booklet "How
Money Grows." lUGGS _ CO., Bourse,
Philadelphia, Pa.
A— -GOOD corner stand express business;
north of Market St.; 2 horses and wagon;
■worth double; great bargain.- M. LESS, 765
Market St., opp. Phelau building. ■ • •
DRESSMAKING parlor, cheap; nets $100 per
month; 210 customers; sickness cause of sell-
Ing. L. E. WHITE, 1065 Washington St.,
Oakland.
$200 — COR. saloon opp. factory; present owner
here 10 years; retiring from business; receipts
$12 a day; can be Increased. 1121 Harrison Bt,
RARE chance— Fine corner grocery (junction);
good stock; open for Investigation. Inquire
at SCULLY & BON'S. 420 Sacramento st.
GROCERY and bar; horse and wagon;
/ outside route; sales $18 per day; 4 living
V . rooms. Inquire at 323 Market st.
I RARE chance— Brewery near S. F. for sale or
to let cheap, with all brewing utensils. Ap-
ply at Call office.
PARTNER wanted In a restaurant; splendid
opportunity. Box 1538, Call office.
$150— STEADY man with email cinital; profit-
able investment In cash business; good se-
curity. Box 1573, Call.
A— s3oo; PARTNER wanted; $18 to $30 a week
each; no previous experience required. • 9
Geary St.. room 2.
FOR SALE— Restaurant on street car line; a
bargain. Inquire at 7.">3 Market St.. basement.
iTO LET— Restaurant or chophouse; partly
furnished; rent reasonable. Inquire 18 Ma-
STOCK and fixtures of a well-paying cigar-
store for sale.. Apply at 428 Montgomery st.
fttO— RESTAURANT; a sacrifice account of
sickness; receipts $30; Investigate. Call office.
GROCERY and bar. Filbert and Powell sts.,
for sale; bids received and opened Monday,
11 a. m. Invoice and particulars at room 614,
Claus Spreckels building.
1200— BARBER shop for sale, on account death.
at Mill Valley; thorough investigation. In-
quire of MRS. TIPPING.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose.
PARTNER wanted In dyeing i.nd cleaning
works; must be a dyer. 929 Folsom st.
ITO let— Completely furnished 10-room house,
beer garden and family resort. MRS. BOEK-
i ELM ANN, ' Lorln Station, Berkeley.
CORNER .grocery and bar. living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Fillmore st.
.1 IV -HOUSE sold to-day; sickness
cause. Inquire meat market, 576 Howard st.
PARTNER wanted for the mines. Apply 1119
Fell for all Information.
MEXICO. / ;
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.; large and small tracts. For further in-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co.. 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
CoL Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
A— SBOO— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
— Partner wanted; commission business
$300— Saloon; old-established; ' good corner '
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries ' and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO.. 777 Market.
FOR SALE— Bakery and confectionery; well
. established and paying business. Box 1636 '
Call office.
$55— LAUNDRY route, horse, wagon, etc. ; must
be sold. this week. Apply 2SS2 Sixteenth st.
FOR Tailor shop of the. late J. R. SUND-
BERG. 32H Geary St.. room 42. .
BARBER shop for sale; established 9 years.
Apply at 103 Eddy st.
CORNER saloon, ' good location, : on account
other business; reasonable. Albany Brewery.
PARTNER In a. good manufacturing' business;'
capital required, from $5000 to- $10,000,- full
amount to be invested In the business; every-
thing ready to operate; open to fullest inves-
tigation. Address Manufacturer, box 1719,
Call office. N ••;■
SUCCESSFUL and long-established plumbing
business offered for sale; rood opportunity
for ore or more parties; good reason for sell-
ing and trice ask, -1 is all in sight In up-to-
date can*' principals only need' apply. Box
PAYING grocery: fresh stock; fixtures, horse,
wagon; doing good cash business: satisfactory
reason* for selling; price $SO0; sell by inven-
Jv?" £?0?>? 0 ?> lnv r sll "ent. J. P. JOHNSTON. &
CO., 8.2 Broadway. Oakland. *:r
G ?£°. r f }''"*. KroC ? ry '■usiness; living rooms In
rear; bargain. Apply Call office. ..
TO LET-Old estabUshed corner . store, with '-.
Foleom st» r erocery and bar Twelfth and j
BUSINESS or partnership wanted where ser-'
vices and $50 will be useful. Box 1668, rail.
y [? E ., sa , loon ° n rront for woman or man.
Particulars National Brewery. , T\
3 VALUABLE mother lode mining claims for
sale or exchange. Suite 169. Grand Hotel.
Jl2OO-IMPROYI-.D placer and quartz mine-
quartz treated free; free water for placer :
s?m r«ii°!&E^ * for Benin «-- Address box j
TO let Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old- !
established; rent reasonable. 2622 Mission st. ■
BNTS SMITH _ OSBORnI Regist'd Pat
Agents: established is6l. 319 :PJry>_>:t.. city.
C^TFEE and tea routes supplied from GFO '
W.-CASWELL.& CO.-S. 415 Sacramento tv
CHEAPEST and best in A merlca— The~Weekl v
Call. Sent to any address .in the United
Btatea '-■ Canada one year for $1 do, postage j
: free. nt!3«ttHMBtBMM|BMMHatiIKiL'.
*2 i , ,
-i. PHYSICIANS. : '
DR. C. C. O" DO. NELL, ©Mice and residency
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty. ,
,< i■« I- ...'•'... .- . '•-■ -- . . •
LODGIfi v. HOUSES FOR - SALE. • ;
A— KREDO _ CO.. successful brokers. 22%
Geary Bt.":7ft . ■ . , •. . . . . - . . .
110 rooms-,; safe investment; clears $250. .54500
• 40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
16 rooms; Market; central; all full 700
1. 1 rooms; Ellis; new and g00d.......... 325
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent 200
'Hundreds of others at your own price.
14 Rooms on Eddy st.; new $250
28-room house; worth $1500; price 475
17-room house; in payments 
46 rooms; sunny corner , 1500
14 rooms; corner house; new and good 400
— H. c - DECKER & CO., 1020 Market st.
$300— LODGING-HOUSE; -20 rooms; half price.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO, 23 Kearny st.
LODGING-HOUSE for sale of 35 rooms, located
in vicinity of Baldwin Hotel; house full of
paying tenants; good reasons for selling. For
particulars address box 1551, Call office. .
ACCOUNT of sickness, will sacrifice 16-room
house: ail rooms rented. 136 Sixth St.
615 Lark in - Branch office of The Call; aub-
•cilptlons and want ads taken.
FURNITURE FOi.l SALE.
GOOD furniture of 6 rooms for sale at a bar-
gain. A-ddress box 1513, Call office.
FOR SALE— Brand new furniture; 5 rooms; ex-
cell°nt bargain. Call 2 to 5. 3103% Buchanan.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion st.: telephone Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.; highest prices paid. Tel ,)avls 71.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
PASSENGERS direct to Alaskan gold fields— A
mining company, owning their river steam-
boat and having chartered the schooner Dora
Bluhm. to sail from San Francisco May 5,
will take a few passengers direct to the Alas-
kan cold fields. For oil particulars call on
W. E. CLOW, Palace Hotel, between 1 and
:2,0r 7 and 9p. m, ' . _________
CARPENTERS, . blacksmiths, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150 of
their fair, via St. Michael: leave May 1. Ap-
ply The Gold Star Co., Mills building. S. F.
VERY cheap passage lor "man and wife to
Dawson City; some work. Box 1654, Call.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter St.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights uprn same easy
payments and some good planes for $3, $4 and
$;. 'per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sta., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest end lrrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO. D6O Hayes St.
AN up to date concert, day and night, all
week, at Twenty-fourth and Mission, East
Oakland. Lorin. and at Hockett Bros/ Co.,
"Crown" agents. 230 Post st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100: a dickering for
$90: examine list of bargains 'his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st. ■
SOKMER & CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Brlggl and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
A BTETNWAY, Decker, other pianos, cheap."
HORNUNG'S New Store, 216 McAllister st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; $2 and up per
month. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
A FINE Chase Bros, and a Stelnway cheap
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
Ft., flat No. 1. '
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
et., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
SPECIAL low prices on all pianos, until May 1.
Z. 'VMS MUSIC CO.. 7' o Market St.
AGENCY Hatnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale; Jew styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. » . ,
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old :.nd new. • H.
MULLER. -maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. ■ Sent to any address, In the United
•_"'■'• .':"." .;-;;• hTrses. ;•'-■
FOR good pasturage, near city apply at room
23. 132 Market Bt. .
FOR SALE— Horses; small pet mule, suitable
for children, only $10. 3263 Mission st.
CAMP wasons. buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses' must sell. Emporium sales
yards, 220 Valencia St.. T. P. NEVILE.
40 HOR£- 9 for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FRESH milch cows, driving horses & donkeys
for sale cheap. Horan's Yds., 10th & Bryant.
JUST arrived — horses, mules, burros. 721
; Howard st. : auction every Tuesday.
"WAGON'S- AND CARRIAGES.
2 FINE laundry wagons; cash or installments.
1634 Mission st.
SPECIAL sale "of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 2U Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: a!so 1 hack. .828 Harrison st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
NOTICE to .physicians— The office fixtures, In-
cluding library and surgical instruments, be-
longing to the estate of the late DR. ED-
WARD PARSON, and now contained in
'rooms 24 and' 26. > Phelan. building, are for
sale. Bids or offers for the same will be re-
' ceived up to May 2. IS9S. at the office of the
undersigned. A. C. FREESE, administrator
of the estate of EDWARD PARSON, de-
ceased, at room 35," Chronicle building, where
full Information in regard to the same can be
obtained. ■ A. C. F-..EESE. c neclal Adminis-
. trator of the estate of EDWARD PARSON,
deceased. <•.-.■
FOX TERRIER pups, St. Bernard dogs. St.
George Kennels, 120' Douglass St., between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth. ■ .
INCUBATOR; cheap; fine; 500-egg machine;
good as new; $25. 1308 Wood St., Oakland.
$65— UPRIGHT piano; good condition; $5 down,
$4 per month. 225 Sutter St. .
SMITH Premier typewriter; use for one month;
for- sale cheap. . 25518 Market st. • •
SINGER sewing machine, 7 drawers, oak fin-
ish, nearly new; cheap. 1915 Mission St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
, building material. 1124 Mission; Tel So. 787.
CHEAP— A Phoenix' bicycle In perfect order.
, Apply box I'm. Call office.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
. goods; new, id hand. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
■ /ters. linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
• ond-hand. J. . NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission Bt.. above Sixth.' .'
FOR Sale— ss up; good second-hand sewing
machines: bargains In new machines which
jmo^i3w tu^^t f0 ss r t. non - payment - A - C -
GAS fixtures^ very, low; large assortment: 1
ana 2- bowl barber washstands cheap HUP'
SCHMIDT. m Golden Gate aye V
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, b'lts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: ch«"»pe- than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc.. 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand- all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F\
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records. IS per'doz •
' Projectoscope, $100., Bacigalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.;
COFFEE mill., scale.' hand-truck, letter- press
desk: and safe cheap. 102 Clay st. ■ • '
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving etc
bought and gold. 01 1003 Mission, near Seventh". i
- CARPE- CLEANaNG.
CITY Steam Carpet eanlng WorkTTcleanT
moves,, lays carpet- C H.STEVENS Mgr
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. ' !
WHEN you. become disgusted ■ Ith poor work '
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
! :.tlng Works, ; 3s3-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, reno\ ited . like new • J~
McQUEEN. 453 -tevenson Bt, ; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet denning Co., 402 Slitter-
tel. Main 394.- GEO: WALCOM. Proprietor. ' •
J. WATTS. v reliable carpet-cleaning,', renovat- I
Ing, alteration- wks.-'413 McAllister; Jessie 321. i
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c~*
■:STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern i ; am % Carpet - : Pennine "
Works.. II Bth st. B. GRANT, lei. Jessie 201 i
J. 11.. MITCHELL C: net-Cleaning Co.. mil
'st.;. cleaning 3c; a yard: tel. .Mission 74. ,
CONKLIN'S ' Carpet-Beating Works, 33J Golden
Gate aye,; tel. 'Last 126. ■ ,
V •'• '.' ■-.•'.;.;■■'-: ":■•■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1898 C
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
CLAY, 142.1. between Leavenworth and Hyde-
Elegant 12- room house, French range, select
neighborhood; rent $40. Call from 10 to 4.
EDDY, 1641 t-atory house, C large rooms; laun-
dry; basement; large yard.
ELEGANT 8-room house*; Sixth aye., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE & REMMEL, 62S Market St.
ENJOY good health; like living in the coun-
try; house, good condition, $S. 1555 Kearny.
JONES, 1807, near Green— Modern 8-room house;
grand marine view: front and rear garden;
rent reasonable. EASTON & ELDRIDOE.
LAGUNA, 1715— House of 8 rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest Improvements; $30.
LINDEN aye. rooms and both. Call at
32S Fell st.
NATOMA, 252, near Fourth— 3 rooms, every
convenience; rent $7.
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry:
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st^
TO LET— $2O a month, new mor'om 9-room
home, outside plumbing. French range,
stable, great supply pure mountain spring
water piped all through house and grounds;
garden, soil: lot I;>»xll2:6. 39 Lee aye.. opp.
Coursing Park, 2 blocks up; take Misslon-st.
cars.
$15— TO LET; a 5-room house and good base-
ment at 10 Folsom aye., Folsom St., bet.
Seventh and Eighth
FI'RXISHED lIOISES TO LET.
AT Sutter, 717, near Taylor— Choice ; elegant;
sunny; appreciated if seen; please Investi-
gate: or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
MODERN 9-room flat, well furnished, every
room sunny, for 3 or 4 months; rent Includ-
ing telephone, ?fis per month. Apply on
premises. 036 Haight st., near Broderick, be-
tween the hours of 12 and 2 p. m.
$100—810 TAYLOR st.; completely furnished
sunny house, 10 rooms and bath. Call be-
tween 1 :30 and 4 p. m.
COTTAGES TO LET.
BAKER. 1310— Sunny cottage of 4 rooms; large
yard; stable; suitable for expressman.
COTTAGE, 6 rooms, bath; stationary bathtubs;
big cellar; yard. 525 Shotwell st.
SUNNY cottages of 4 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1876 15th St., near Dolores.
$14—5 ROOMS and bath; large yard. 917 Treat
aye., near Twenty-second st.
$11— BAY-WINDOW cottage; nearly new; 4
rooms; water free. 109 Collins, near Geary.
FL.-vTS TO LET.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13, $14, $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth St.
A RARELY beautiful flat: NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott: 6 big rooms: $25. Key 2300 Sutter St.
CHEAPEST flats In the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $1S and $20; Capp st., bet. 22d
and 23d. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FILLMORE, 921— New 7-room middle sunny
flat; choice; low rent.
HOWARD, 639— Nice sunny flat of S rooms;
rent reduced; $14.
JESSIE, 4J2Vs— Sunny side; bay-window, 6-
room flat; rent reduced.
MINT aye., 2<>- Sunny flat of 4 roms; very
convenient. Apply on premises.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large yard;
collar; sun all day; $10.
NEW flat, 4 large sunny rooms; yard, cellar.
3S Sharon, nr. 15th, bet. Sanchez and Church.
NICE flat of £ rooms and bath to let at 927
Post st. : rent $£fi.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st.
NINETEENTH. 3954. corner Noe— Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-room fiat; $14; water free.
PEARL. 27, off Market near Valencia— Upper
flat of 3 sunny rooms In rear; $8.
PINE, 1225, near Hyde— Sunny flat of 6 rooms
and bath: rent $18.
POND, 47, off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern sunny 5-room flat;
$15; water free.
SEE those b«"nut!ful flats In warm belt of Mis-
sion; newly tinted and painted throughout; 6
rooms, bath and latest Improvements: 1002
and 1004 Dolores st., corner Twenty-third;
rent cheapest In city; upper reduced from $25
to $20 and lower reduced from $22 50 to $18;
now open for inspection. Apply MADISON
& BURKE.
SW. corner Folsom and Thirteenth; 2 flats, S
rooms, bath; rent to suit times. Apply on
premises.
SULLIVAN, 221, near Stahyan— 6 rooms and
bath: water free: rent $14.
DPPER Rat, 6 rooms, In good order; 1259 Fol- ,
pom ft., near Ninth: also store and 3 rooms,
yard and cell.ir; rent $12; 1257 Folsom st.
$10, FLAT of 6 rooms, clean, large yard: $0.
cottage of 4 rooms and cellar. 417 Green st.
$»— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. 1025 Minna St., bet. 11th and 12th.
$12 — 4 sunny rooms; lower, $10. 131 Ivy aye.
$20 — 2 NEW. modern Bunny flats. 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde st.
FI'HMSHED FLATS.
818 GROVE, bet. Webster and Flllmore— Sunny
furnished Rat; fi rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable If defired; rent reasonable; references
given and required.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
CALIFORNIA. 712, near Powell— 2 sunny con-
necting front rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished.
CLAY, 2415, near Fillmore— 4 sunny rooms;
fine yard.
DIAMOND^ .'lf>, near Twenty-third— 3 large uiv
furnished rooms for housekeeping; sunny;
bath; Castro or Twenty-second st. cars; {X.
EDDY. Go 4 —2 or more large sunny bay-window
rooms, with kitchen; complete; also piano;
reasonable.
EDDY. 917— Very pleasant nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; gas range; private
family.
FAIR aye., 7, near Mission and Twenty-eighth
4 sunny rooms; $10 to $12.
FIFTH. 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; bath; stove, closet; priv.; $10.
FIFTH, (15— Furnished double parlors, kitchen,
$22; also 2 housekeeping, $I.'; single, $5 to $7.
FILLMORE. 2208H, near Clay-$9: sunny front
parlor and small room furnished.
FII.LMORE, 2214%— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; sunny.
FULTON, 41-^Comfortabiy furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
FIRST, 303, corner Folsom— Cheap, 5 rooms,
small, In excellent order; $8.
FOLSOM, 974— Sunny housekeeping room, com-
plete; rent reasonable; also single room.
FOLSOM. 1581, near Twelfth —2 furnlshed~house-
keeplng rooms in basement.
FOURTH, 225- Furnished rooms for lighthouse-
keeping; also single.
[}EARY, T.r.i, formerly r.l8 — Large sunny front
rooms; suites and single; also light housekpg.
GEARY, 1^12%— 3 comfortable furnished rooms
for housekeeping; modern; $15.
HAVES, 7.(5. nn t \ir Webster— Front suite and
connecting room; new modern flat; gas stove.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— Fine, large, sun-
ny rooms: also housekeeping; cheap.
HYI'H, 611- Large sunny front room, furnished;
running water; closet; private family.
HYDE, 1745— Housekeeping rooms; furnished
or unfurnished; cheap.
LARK IN 82S Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with ras stove; also singlu room.
UEAVENWORTH, r.l7 — 2 unfurnished rooms,
suitable for light housekeeping; nice location.
HEAVEN WORTH, 811, near Sutter— 4 furnished
housekeeping rooms, $16 a month; bath; yard.
MARKET, 1025— 3 rooms, furnished complete,
H E0 week; call mornings 9, evenings 6.
M 18ON, 1106—2 roomß suitable for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
MINNA, 2SI, corner Fourth— Front furnished
housekeeping, cheap: also double ami single.
MINNA. 4.'.4 2 furnished clean, sunny house-
keeping rooms; In rear.
MISSION, :»23V4— 1 or 2 completely furnished
sunny housekeeping suites; regular kitchen. '
UISSION, 10C3— Front suite for office, dress-
making or housekeeping; gas^
MISSION, 1053—2 or 3 nicely furnished sunny
rooms; use of piano If desired; cheap rent.
NINTH :l Sunny suite; rooms furnished:
light housekeeping; running water; cooking
stove.
\' «S, 151— Furnished, 2 bay-window rooms;
sunny: gas range, grate, bath; $14.
>'FARRELL, 923, near Van Ness— Nice fur-
nished basement; kitchen and sunny yard.
SEVENTH, 191 TWO iarge rooms, $12; other
rooms, $t; an.l $7; complete for housekeeping.
JTEVENBONI W^. c!T 7th, nr. Market— Sunny
front room; kit. lien, complete for houßekpg.
SOUTH PARK, IS4- 2 sunny front rooms; com-
pleta for housekeeping.
ri'.HAMA, 4GG, upstairs— 2 100 ms for light
housekeeping; rent $8 to $9 a month. ,
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued
TEHAMA. 478, near Sixth— s sunny furnished
housekeeping, with kitchen; complete; $18.
THIRD, SW— Fnrnlshed room, -complete for
housekeeping, $5; suites, $7 a month.
THIRD, 340—2 large sunny front rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; folding bed; $10.
THIRTEENTH, 179, near Howard— 4 unfur-
nißhed rooms; double parlors; rent $13.
VAN NESS aye.. 1021— Sunny front suite, 3
rooms and kitchen; gas range; piano.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton et. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hyde, 609; Sutter, 715-717-719— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
BUSH, 71S— A nice room, running water; bath,
etc.; gentlemen only; private family.
DELAWARE, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY, 113 — Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 60.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
60c to $1: week. $2 to $3; families.
El>!>Y, 327— A nice furnished alcove front room,
with 2 beds; price reasonable.
EDDY', 614— One lrage and, two small sunny
rooms, newly furnished; large closets, fold-
ing-bed, gas. bath; $6, $3 and S10; clean and
quiel^
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $1 50 to $3 week.
ELLIS, 432— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms; all
conveniences.
ELLIS, 639, cor. Larkin— Sunny front room,
mantel, folding bed; gents preferred.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FIFTEENTH, 1579, near Mission— Two furnished
front rooms; suitable for man and wife or
two men.
FOLSOM, 820— Nice clean sunny furnished
rooms, $1 per week and upward.
FRANKLIN, 201— Newly furnished sunny
front rooms; private, quiet family; bath; $8
month.
FULTON^ S. oprx CUy Hall— Nice sunny
rooms; $8 mo. up; bath and ras.
FULTON, 448— Nicely furnished room, bay win-
dow facing on Octavla st; reasonable.
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay- win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and gaa
GEARY, 675— Nicely furnished rooms; gas and
Lath; in private family.
GEARY, 733— Private; blight suite and 1 single
room; newly furnlrhed.
GEARY, S01 — Newly furnished bay window par-
lors; reasonable; new corner flat.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
Goi.l.KN DATE, 336 Sunny front rooms with
gas, $5 and $10; suitable for gentlemen.
(Joi.DEN GATE aye., 14 I Sunny bay-window
for 2, $10; front single, $5, and bath.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; Belect family
rooming house: $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
EulteE; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
KEARNY, 23— What fine rooms', cheap.
KEARNY. 104—3 unfurnished rooms and bath;
$15, references exchanged.
LEAVENWORTH, 109— Lareri) sunny double
room, suitable for 2; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 617—2 unfurnished rooms
! r light housekeeping.
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 EfJ to $3; suites.
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
McALLISTER, 611— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
MINNA, 433—7 rooms arid bath.
NATOMA, 462, near Sixth— Large corner front
room, nicely furnished, folding bed, $10.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room. $12; other rooms. $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, hand-
srjmely furnished, $10 month; alsoeingle room.
O'FARRELL, 702 — Two sunny front rooms,
newly furnished, modern improvements; rent
reasonable.
O'FARKELL. 770 — Handsome sunny suite of
parlor>; running water; grate; bath; gas;
private family.
O'FARRELL, 816 — Sunny front parlors suitable
for physician-; no other roomers.
O'FARRELL, 231— New management, new fur-
■ Jjlture; elegantly furnUhed sunny suite* and
Flngle rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
PINE. 16'SVs— Large or small sunny furnished
front room in family of 2; nice home for
jroong working girl: reasonable rent.
POLK, 607 — Front sunny furnished rooms;
large and small; housekeeping; $4 & upward.
POST, *->'• N-wly furnished large sunny .ront
and back rooms, $8 up; bath, gas; private
family.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; nrst-
class in every respect.
SACRAMENTO, 3327—2 furnished rooms, with
use of kitchen and dining-room.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER, 20— Three large rooms, $7; In rear.
STEVENSON. 253, between Third ftnd Fourth-
Large rooms, good light, suitable for tailors'
workshops.
STEVENS 'X, C2o— fheap sunny furnished front
rooms; single or double.
STOCKTON, 242, t»«ar Post— Sunny rooms;
pretty view; quiet house; baths; very rea-
sonable.
SITTER, 1111— Front suite, nicely furnished,
$12 month: houseeping suite, $12; single room,
$'i; all sunny.
TAYLOR, 10»— single rooms $1 and $1 50 week;
large sunny room $2 week.
TAVI.ok, I'll- Sn*te of sunny front rooms; also
other front rooms; cheap.
TAYLOR. 407— T0 let, two large, sunny front
rooms; furnished.
TT'RK. 12"— 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping rooms.
TURK, 539— Nicely furnished sunny room; also
nice housekeeping room; $6 per month up.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3755— A nice furnished front
room for la.lv: use of parlor, piano and kitch-
en: ver\ cheap.
!JO.\Hl>l\<; AMI HOOMS.
BUSH, 822— Front sunny alcove room; gas;
bath; running water; breakfast; piano; down
town.
ELEGANT sunny rooms: new house; new fur-
niture; also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Slrlus, 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS, 577 — Nicely furnished sunny front suite
with board for 2, 3 or 4; terms reasonable.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
FULTON. 833 (The Mizpah)— A qu»K family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
Euite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; nrst-
class board; Spanish; J36 a month up.
HYDE, 925— Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds; nela#t location. Mrs. Hrotherton.
HYDE, Uo> (The Victoria)— Elegant rooms;
good board: nice location: new management.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUNNY rooms, newly furnished, with boardT
summer rutes. Apply sos Van Ness aye.
SITTER. 112S— Sunny suite; single rooms: first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
TMK Longworth, R32 Geary— Remodeled; ele-
gantly furnished; good board; choice location.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 10R- -Branch office nt The Call.
Subscriptions nnd wnnt nds taken.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; near
school. Cl Clara st.
WANTED, by a German widow, a child to
board; healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box 1725, Call- Office.
AN elderly lady will tal;« Infants to board; a
mother's care: references. 234H Sixth st.
lost]
LOST— Fox-terrier pup, white brown face,
Hack tip on tail: answers name of Vie; collar
with brown ribbon, Friday evening. Liberal
reward; return to 901 Valencia st.
I. (IST— A Murk valise containing machinist
tools. Retora MAT JOHNSON, 959 Noe st.
LOST— April 26, a f'.reat Dane duz, new col-
lar; no license. Reward at H. AHLER'S, 101
Eighth et. . ...
LOST a parrot,, from 21914 Polk st. Return
and receive reward.
6 TICKETS for Sequoia Drill Corps excursion-
liberal reward. Return 240 Kearny Et.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of AGNHB HILLSON; No. 216,375, The
finder will please return to bank;. j
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
THE unprecedented success of my additional
balconies may force more improvements;
hairdrc-sslng. 25e; good switches, $1: best,
finest quality, |3 50; extra heavy, long, $5;
I open Sundays from 9to 12. G. LEDEREU,
111 Stockton st. _____
I ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Houre. 44 Third St., nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic possesses a marvelous
power; harmless. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
THE Indies' Barber-shop has removed from
3f>2 Third Bt to 310 Third.
; MRS. JOHNSON, "xperien^ed masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment ; office 10, lIS Grant ay.
! STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d st, Oakland, Cal.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
I SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, IJI7 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladled French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLAi.K. the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; wiille entranced she
will reveal every hidden m-stery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family ♦roubles, restore lost affec-
tion*; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried ""operty: locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m,; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Mar-et St., opposite Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, andclalrv. : sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON arrived; palmist; card-reader;
past, present and future; 2Ce. 148 Sixth St.,
room 10.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card-
reader: "5c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth St.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortunes told by planets:
predicted "74" overdue str. 23% Sixth, rm. 6.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c: G.. 50c: no sign. 8 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; bustnesj
advice; names given: 23c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never fails: advice: lelp. 929 Post.
SPIRITUALISM.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.; read-
Ings $1: clr. Tups., Frl., 2 p. m.: Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton st. : old No. 218.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123# Sixth St.. room 14. .
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing" me-
dium. 118 Kalght st.
IIYIWOTIS.H
j CAL. Institute, 402H Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases .and habits cured.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $.r>o;. r >0; low rates per week and month.
DANCING taught at pupils' homes by pro-
fessional; terms very reasonable. Address
Box 1663, Call Office.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circulr.
!!• '» >K KEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Markt-t st.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAII.LEN, 933 Market.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
MONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
Mi:i)K ai..
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc. : babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call >ir write: free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 59
McAllister St.; pills. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects' taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities .from whatever cause)
in a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; nr. instruments Used:
home in confinement: cure $5; pills $1; every
case guaranteed; consultation free and con-
fidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 20S Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a'hospltal: those sick nr dlscour-
nged call on the doctor and state tnelr casa;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 22C Turk st.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Bchenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: safe. sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities; any cause: rentores strength and
vigor of organs: unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice; home: best skill : low fees: pills. $2.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or I
Instruments: every woman her own physl- I
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day: never falls; consul ta-
tlon free; can be sent and used at home. Dli.
POPPER. 318 Kearny: orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5.
& 7 to 8. DR. and SIRS. KOHL. 1118 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.: send
Jc stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X et., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'B French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
' OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
irregularities; no medicine; no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4, 7-8. 2208V4 Mission st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 3S years' experience. 254 V* Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHEAPEST and best >n America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In th? Ur.lted
Ptatts or Cnnnda one year for *1 f.O. postage
DENTISTS^
A,' FULL set of teeth, ?5; Fee new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years; :
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work !
our specialty: tilllngs, !ioc; crowns, $3 50; all I
work painless and warranted. ' Chicago Den- |
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists — Painless extraction, 50c;
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up;
silver, 50c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1 ui>;
our crown and bridge work Is the best;
hours, 9 a. m. "to 9 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 1.
<4C9 Mission St., cor. Sixth; branch. 371 Hayes.
DrTIUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st, nr. 11th;
no chnrce for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per tet; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from C to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, }"' up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market, Academy of
Sciences bldg., sth floor; painless dentistry.
L. A. .TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
\V. KEY, 1320 Market st.
i SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
| YOUNG, 1S« Polk st. (
CITY RE -I* ESTATE.
14500. , REDUCED FROM $6000. ' -
• Two lots on south side of Sixteenth St., be-
tween Sanchez and Market; 50x103:6. • '
Must be sold at once by order of client, hav-
ing special reasons for 1 selling.
-: Apply, to A. RUEF, Attorney-at-Law,
402 Montgomery st. •
"~ '
$500 LOT for $100: need coin. Come and see
THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
j FREE— Our 60-page catalogue, with city map.
' : Apply A M SPECK ■ & CO., 602 . Market st.
FOR sale or exchange; valuable piece of im-
1 proved property of great prospective value;
trade for lots. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post.
$4300— RENTS $50 monthly; -store and • fiat;
Western Addition. Inquire Call Office.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:39
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE^
A— so-PAGE catalogue of city and country in-
: vestments free. SPECK '& CO., 602- Market.
SMALL California ffomes for sale by FRANK
M. MAX. Antioch. Contra Costa County.
TO Rent— Best sheep ranch in the State; plenty
feed; 1000 acres; on the coast; near railroad.
For particulars address JOHN BRANT, Sea
View, Sonoma County, Cal.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
615 LARKIN Branch office of The Call.
■ Subscriptions and want ads taken.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO ; LET.
HOUSES TO LET~IN oXkLANd]
Corner cottage, 5 rooms ;.......... ....|l7
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat, 6 rooms 14
. 2-story neat.6-room h0u5e......... ...18
Choice sunny 8-room house .................. 22
10-room residence, .fine............ 50
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DE WOLF. 1058 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS.**
FURNISHED room; reasonable; for gentle-
' man. : 805 Linden, near Seventh st. -
3 OR 4 ' elegantly furnished rooms for light
- housekeeping, I bath, : piano, horse and buggy,
for desirable couple with private lady; no
children. 657 Twenty-second st., Oakland.-
i OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms; excellent ; board; desirable
neighborhood; central; private. . 1427 Franklin.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, 662 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms.
, with board; private: large yard.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week
SCHELLHAAS' old store, 40S Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$750— 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
echoolhouse. • . -- -, ■
$3200— Sacrifice: corner lot 35x140; good house of
■ 6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2*550— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150: only
2 blocks from station and hign school.
$3750— house of 7 rooms and bath;, lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
HP. MORKAL ft CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FINE furnished house; 9 rooms: best location:
Grand st. C mo.. $GO. N. P. MOREAL & CO.,
1432 Park st., Alameda. ' • .'\--.
FOR RENT— Furnished or unfurnished; 1 or 2
years; new house: 7 large eunny rooms; all
latest improvements; large lawn; nice neigh-
borhood: near Enclnal station. ■ 137 * Weber st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW house of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner Folsom. .
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BE*A^mHjL~llO^i[E^jrirA^K^FrjK
Villa lots and acreage: easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st. •
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture' or pianos *In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
:, tel. South 14. ''••-.■ ■'•*■■ ' ■■'
.ANY amount nt GVi percent on real estate; 2d
and Til mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
. COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
$5 UP to any amount, on Indorsed . paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; • all business
strictly confidential; private offices. .M. E.
DOUGAN <£: CO., 230 Kearny st., upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry -at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates;- no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130. Powell st. »
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 32S Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
" commis.; low interest. ' Rm. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, . estates in pro-
bate.. etc. Room 7. . 60S California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;'
, any proposition. '» Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com. ;• private. 116 McAllister, st.
ELEVENTH. Branch office,, of The Call.
. Subscriptions and ads taken. '
FINANCIAL.. ,
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. : lowest
: rates. McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery «t.
PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow ■ from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st, bet. Market and Eddy.
•15 LARKlN— Branch orllce of the Call. Sub-
- •criptinnß and want ads taken.
STORAGE.
TRUNKS. 25c a mo.; other goods at low rates.
: Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances < made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1022
Mission St.. at ye Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rate; Household goods, pianos; ad-
. vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
' ZEHFUSS, 840 : Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth st., open evenings.
PROPOSALS.
SA?TfR ANCISCO, Cal?TXpriT 2, 1898.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
and 'at .office of Quartermaster until 11
| o'clock a. m., Monday. May ?.'IS9B, and then
opened, for furnishing, during, fiscal year
• commencing July 1, IMIS, " forage • and . straw
for San Diego Barracks, Cal.; also at same
; . time, at this office only, for forage and
straw for Aleatraz Island, Angel Island, Fort
\ Baker, Benlcla Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio
• Of San Francisco and San Francisco, Cal.
: Government reserves right to reject or accept
any or all bids, or any part thereof. Preference
given to articles .' of American production,
. conditions of price and quality- (lncluding, in
' the- price of foreign .productions the duty
' ■ thereon) being equal. : and such preference
I ■ given to articles of American production pro-
; : dined on the Pacific Coast, to extent of con-
i sumption required by the public service there.
. All Information ? furnished on application to
> quartermaster at San Diego Barracks, or to
. undersigned." , Envelopes) containing ' bids' to
be Indorsed . "Proposals . for \ Forage . and
Straw," addressed to said quartermaster,
or to JAMES M. MOORE. v Assistant Quarter- >
: master General, U. S. A., Chief Quarter-
; master. ' v . ; . . • .- . ■'.. . .- . - -
}..-_ '.; ~~ SEWING ;, MACHINES. ' J-
s2 MONTHLY— Rented,'- repaired, ; bought, sold
machine supplies; 145. Sixth st. phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds ; bought,' - sold, exchanged, rented;
- repairing; lowest rates. 203 Fourth st.
/ 1; TYPEWRITERS. ■
ALL typewriters sold and i anted: '.few : partly '
used for sale cheap :' r : Bend for - samples and
prices. .ALEXANDER &■. CO.. 110 Montgomery
STORES~TO LET. "~~" ~
CORNER store with 3 living-rooms and cellar,
.: rent, $20. .*. Cor. McAllister and: Broderlck sts.
\ . ATTORNEYS AT LAW. _
ADVICE free; no charge •" unless ' successful.
v W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. i
. PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR • exchange — Advertiser wishing ' to • remove
. to San = Francisco would exenange business
. premises in | Los . Angeles, cash | value * $30,000,
| for similar property or for hotel, doing fair
business.' ASHTON, 703 Upper Main St., Los
Angeles.- • •
SALT LAKE CITY property for San Francisco
or Oakland prpty. .WM.- BUCKLES, Vallejo.
TO exchange or for sale — 3 Oakland restaurants
and ranch at Walnut Creek; also city flats for
large piece of San Francisco property. Apply
111 Liberty st. ■
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
i Friday, April 29.
Stmr Lakme. . Anderson. Seattle.
Stmr Alice Blanchard, Warner. Yaquina Bay.
*. DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 29— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived April Stmr City of
Puebla, hence April 26; Br ship Manydown,
hence April 17. . -■
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses .yesterday: ■
Rasmus J. Orte and Augustlna' Garcia, 2S-23.
F. C. Mack and Elizabeth Allen, 34-21.
Z. Oaillard and Dora E. Rhoads, 28-20.
J. M. Macdermott and Laura M. Blake. 32-80.
S. Catyrias and Martha. E. Bascom. 39-41.
John T. Owens and Clara J. Green. 37-28.
E. M. Boukof sky and Christina Floyd, 29-23.
Ivan M. Svago and Beatrice Paggino, 29-18.
J. W. McCord and Idella L. Carpenter. 27-2 S.
John Gregorclc and Mary L. Conlin. 29-32.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
-.Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and bo indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. ' . , .
BORN.
BURRELL— In Su'.sun, Cal., April 24, 1898, to
the wife of Frank Burrell, a daughter.
LANDRESSE— In this city, April 28, IS9S,- to
the wife of Charles P. Landresse, a son.
PFITZER— Near Volta, April 21, 1898, to the
wife of Frank Pfitzer, a son..
MARRIED.
MENGEL— DU TOUR— In Oakland, April 20
.1898, by the Rev. Mr. Curry, Frederick Wil-
liam Mengel and Hazel Claudette dv Tour,
both of San Francisco.
O'CONNELL— FORD— Watsonville. April 25,
IS9B, by the Rev. M. Marron, Edward O'Con-
■ nell and Annie Ford. . ■ -^ ■
ULLOA— In this city, April 27. 1898. by
the Rev. Father Prendegast, Francisco Ulloa
of San Salvador, C. A., and Alice L. Main of
. San Francisco.
DIED. •>-
{ Holbrook, Emily W. Kelly, Daniel
Boyle, Hannah McGurren, Ellen M. ,
Burke, Rachel Moraghan, Thomas
Butler, Henry C. O'Connell, Thomas
Connolly, Peter Parker, George P.
Downing Sister Mary . Qulnlan, Daniel J.
Ferguson, Willie Spanhack, Katherine
Gerdts, Herman Thlrlwell. Peter L.
; Girdlestone, • Henry Turner, Charles B.
Heuer, Mrs. Caroline Warringholz, J. J. J. .
Howland, Captain J. Zeile, George D.
Kelleher, Rose
BOYLE— this city, April 25, 1898. Hannah
Boyle, beloved mother of Mary and Lucy
Boyle, and Mrs. Adam H. Murphy, a * na-
tive of England, aged 78 years, i^hlladew
phia papers please copy.) • . '
(CTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at
10:15 o clock, from her late . residence. 871
Capp street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
• tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets.
BURKE— In Vallejo, April 28. 1898, Rachel,
widow of the late Joseph Burke, a native of
Whltchaven, England, aged 63 years.
. (C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitei to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, .325 Haight street. Interment Lav-
: rel Hill Cemetery.
BUTLER— Santa Cruz, April 26, 1R!*?, in
powder mill explosion. Henry C, beloved
husband of Birdie L. Butler, and father of
• Emma, Russell and Ruth . Butler, aged 46
years.
CONNOLLY— In this city, Peter, beloved hus-
J band of the late Katie Connolly, and father
of Delia, William and Katie Connolly and
Mrs. Howard Martin Preece, a native of Gal-
way. Ireland, aged 49 years.
, C7"Funeral private.
DOWNING— In this city, April . 28. 1898, Sister
Mary Cecelia Downing,' Sister of Mercy, a na-
■ tive of Boston, Mass., aged 36 years.
■ in?" The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), from the chapel of St. Mary's
Hospital, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing nt 8:15 o'clock. Funeral immediately
after the moss.
FERGUSON— In this city, April. 2B, 1898, Willie,
infant son of "William and Mary i-erguson,
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 days.
GERDTS— In Robertsville, Cal., April 27, 1598.>
Herman Gerdts. a -native of Germany, aged
22 years 3 months and 1 day.
GIRDLESTONE— In Tacoma, October 25. ISOS,
Henry Wise Girdlestone of San Francisco, a
■native of England, aged 32 years.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery (For-
- esters' plat) to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock.
HEUER— In Alameda, April 28, 1898, Mrs. Caro-
line A., widow of the ; late Alexander Heuer,
• a native of California, aged 36 years 5 months
and 23 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock,' from I. O. O. F.
Hall, under the auspices of Fair Oaks Re-
. bekah Lodge No. 4.- Daughters of Rebekah.'
Interment Mount Eden.
HOLBROOK— In Arcata, April 25. 1898, Emily
■ W., beloved wife of Rev. A. Holbrook, .a na-
tive of- Marine City, Mich.
HOWLAND— In this city, April 29 1898. Cap-
tain James Edmund Howland, father of Mrs.
Alice Chipperfleld, a native of Maine, aged
63 years and 7 months.
'Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
•tend.the funeral services to-morrow (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock, at Masonic Temple, Montgomery
and Post streets, under the auspices of Ori-
ental Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M.
KELLEHER— In this city, April 28, 1898, Rose,
beloved wife of Timothy Kelleher, mother of
Thomas, Katie and Agnes ; Kellel.er. . Mrs.
E. Daunet and the late John and Jeremiah.
! Kelleher, and sister of Mrs. P. Walsh and M.
-' Smith, a native of County Ca van, Ireland, ■
aged' so years.; . . . , • .■. ■
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral . this , day
•(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, IS Sumner street, off Howard, between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. -Joseph's
.Church, where a requiem high mass will be
1 celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 10'
; o'clock. ■ Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KELLY— In San Jose, April 29, 1898, Daniel,
• beloved son of Dan and Ellen Kelly, . and
cousin of Mrs. J. G. Chase of San Francisco,
a native of New London, Conn., aged 31
years. • • : ■
McGURREN— In San Rafael, April 29, 1898,
Ellen M. McGurren, a native of County Ros-
common, Ireland.
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MORAGHAN— In San Mateo, April 29. IS9S,
Thomas Jefferson Moraghan, brother of th%
late M. B. Moraghan, aged 56 years. ■
• K^Friends and acquaintances are respect- "
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Excelsior
" Lodge No. lfi€. JF. and A. M. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
O'CONNELL— In this city, April 29, 1898, )
: Thomas Patrick, beloved son of John P. and
Mary O'Connell, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years 10 months and . 27 days.
PARKER— this city, April 28. 1898.' George
P., beloved husband of Mac Sellers Parker,
and youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Par-
ker, and brother of Joseph P. Parker, a na-
. tive of San Francisco, aged 31 years and 8
days. . . , . .
Friends are respectfully Invited -to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), \ at I
o'clock, from his late residence, 1627 Oak
.street. Interment private.
QUINLAN— In this city, April 28. IS9S. Daniel
J., son of Daniel 'P. and Mary Qulnlan, and
brother of Mary E. and: Josephine' Quinlan
and Mrs. J. O. Heisch. a native of California."
E7"The funeral will take . place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4*2 Eighth street, : thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where -a ; re-
quiem high .mass will be celebrated' for the
• repose- of his soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
'" Holy Cross Cemetery. •
SPANHACK— In Oakland. April 28, 1898. Kath-
erine Spanhack, beloved ■ mother of Mrs. H.
7. J. Plomteaux.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, ■ from her <■ late ' resi- .
dence, 1615 Twenty-third avenue, Oakland.
THIRLWELL— In this city, April 29, 1898,
Peter Leslie, beloved son of Robert and Mag-
; gie Thirlwell. a. native of California, aged 4
months and 13 days. , »
TURNER— In Banta Ana. Cal.. April 24. IS9B,
Charles B. Turner, a native of Santa Cruz,
aged 24 years.
WARRINGHOLZ— In this city, April 29, IS9S,
Johann Jakob Julius Warringholz, a native
:■ ' of. Nebraska, aged 12 years S months and 13 .
.' Mays? ■ *
ZEILE— In Weilderstartt, Kingdom Wurtem-
■ berg, April 28. 1898, George David , Zeile.
father of Carl D. Z"l!e, and brother of the ■
• late Dr, Frederic Zeile.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. I
FUNERAL DIBECTOBB £ EMBALIIER3 I
:40 FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln ScliajL 1
\ Telephone, South 80. , ; ' . I
jgain— — MMt«iiMiii«imi»M— b^m^
Estab. 185 S. !; JBl§§S Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COG H RAN CO.
' . Funeral Directors nnd I: mbalmers, .
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE. V
- Lady, assistants, ■ 1 Spacious chapel for the , us*
cf our, patrons. Rubber., tires on outran 1 *«>!»■»«•_ '
1516
SINISTER
SHADOW CAST
BY HIS CRIME
Widber's Defalcation Threatens to
?<iterfere With the Collection
of Personal Taxes.
Litigation Over the Payment of the $100,000
Bond Will Deprive the City of This
Money for Some Time.
All the evils that Wldber's defalcation
may breed are apparently far from hav
ing been developed. Each succeeding day
is likely to see some fresh tangle evolved
from it. Yesterday the sinister shadow
of the ex-Treasurer's crime fell on the
Assessor's office. Unless Widber' a short
age is speedily made Rood to the city it
!s likely to lea-d to serious inconvenience,
!f not loss, to the city in the matter of
personal taxes.
As the matter now stands the city is
face to face with a lawsuit over the re
covery of the $100,000 bond of Widber, and
the resulting litigation may be so drawn
out that the machinery of the municipal
government ■will be badly clogged by the
lack of the stolen money.
While the Fidelity and Deposit Company
of Maryland does not refuse to pay the
bond of SIOO.OOO, it mak. s conditions for its
payment that are not to the satisfaction
of the city authorities. The surety com
pany claims that it should first have the
right to realize upon the defaulting offi
cial's property, and then pay whatever
deficiency may remain, mi the part, of the
city It Is held that the surety company
should pay its bond, which was given by
them and accepted by the. city, without
other condition than that it should be
payable on the default of the Treasurer.
The matter of the course to be pursued
to collect the bond has been referred to
the City Attorney, and under the circum
stances it is the opinion of those versed
in legal lore that he will advise that Im
mediate suit be brought to recover from
th» surety company. His opinion will in
all probability be presented to the Super
visors on Monday.
Assessor Siebc folt the first pinch of the
city's present poverty yesterday. He sent
the following: communication to the Fl-.
nance Committee of the Supervisors:
To the honorable the Finance Committee of
the B^ard of Supervisors— Crentlemen: The un
dersigned herewith makes application for an ap-
BO for extra clerks for the
month of June. IS&S. The appropriation for
extra clerk? for the Assessor's office this year
irai SSOOO leas than last year, and as It will be
Impossible t" complete the work within the
\*-Aw*A appropriation, I hope you w... grant
The communication was ordered placed
on file, as until the moneys abstracted
from the treasury by Widher are recov
nr] paid to the Treasurer the board,
it w;,f claimed, cannot consider or author
izt- ;his expenditure.
The same committee determined to rec
(inimpnd Indefinite postponement in refer
ence r,< the resolution authorizing the ap
pointment <>l an expert at a salary of $175
;; month t.> collect and tabulate data rela-
HFm^nts. The reason assigned
for this unfavorable action is the condi
SENT TO PRISON
FOR THIRTY YEARS
Heavy But Warranted Sen
tence Passed on Charles
S. Dugan.
Th« Prisoner Still Claims Ho Is In
nocent and Will Appeal
ihe Case.
Charles Spurgeon Dugan. a religious
pretender belonging to "God's Regular
Army." who was convicted of having
cruelly ill-treated little Alice Loy, an S
year-old girl, who was placed in his
charge, received a heavy but warranted
sentence yesterday at the hands of Judge
Wallace.
When Dugan was called for sentence
his attorneys asked for a new trial on
the usual statutory grounds.
Judge -Wallace, in denying the motion,
said that the defendant had been granted
a fair trial, and that there was no reason
for setting aside the verdict of the jury.
He then directed Dugan to stand up, and
without any comment sentenced him to be
imprisoned for thirty years in the State
penitentiary at Folsom.
Dugan, who throughout the trial had
shown the utmost indifference, bowed his
head when he heard the court's decree.
He quickly recovered himself, however,
and those who thought that he was about
to faint, were astonished when he re
marked in loud tones that he was a
Christian and innocent of the crime of
which he was convicted,
His attorneys then asked for and were
■ranted a twenty day's stay of execution
In order to give them time to prepare a
bill of exceptions on appeal of the case
to the Supreme Court.
SANG NATIONAL RS.
Much Enthusiasm Manifested at the
Camera Club Entertainment.
There was a great deal of patriotic en
thusiasm manifested at the close of the
Illustrated lecture of the California Cam
era Club last night. The lecture was.
"Spain us It Is," by Neai Davis, and at its
conclusion an American flag was thrown
on the curtain, while the audience rose
en masse and sang "My Country, 'Tis of
Thee." The house was crowded, and
everybody fca ng with an ardor which
made the old walls ring and echo ara'n.
The lecture dealt principally with the
Spanish character, life in Madrid and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RED
Itching;, scaly, bleeding palm*, shapeless Balls,
nnd painful ringer end*, pimplef, blackheads,
oily, roothy akin, dry, thin, and falling hair, itch-
Ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm bath*
with CCTlccnu Soap, and gentle anointing*
with G'OTicmiA (ointment;, the great skin cure.
I« sold ihronihont th» world. Pottib Piteo *»» Chui.
Com-.. Sol» l'rop«., Botton.
C 7" " How to Produoe Soft, WMto Band*," free.
ITCHING HUMORS I TS3LSSi2 r
tlon of the funds In the treasury and the
recent defalcation of A. C. Widber.
This action, if approved by the board
on Monday, will Interfere with the col
lection of hundreds of thousands of dol
lars due as personal taxes which must be
collected by the Assessor. The t"t;il
amount of personal taxes to be collected
is Jfioo.ooo. of this amount only about
Jl.io.ooi i was collected during the month of
April. This leaves $470,n00 to be collected
(hiring May and June. With, the present
force at the disposal of the Assessor it
will be an impossibility to get all this
money in by the Ist of July, when all tne
personal property taxes unsecured by real
estate should be in the city treasury.
With the Jfoioo asked for by the Assessor
he would secure an additional force of
sixty men.
When the Af=sesso- - s attention was
called to the action of the Finance
Committee, he expressed himself as fol
lows:
"The Board of Supervisors appropriated
only $67,000 for extra clerks for the As
sessor this year. The appropriation here
tofore has always been 175,000. The work
of completing the assessment ruii and
collecting the taxes cannot be done with
the appropriation which the board has I
made, so we have to ask for an additional :
appropriation of $6000 to complete the as- ,
sessment In the time provided by the law. !
"There is yet time to make the appro- !
priation, as we are asking it for the
month of June. We have enough to carry
us along for May. We think that when
the matter comes »;r before the Finance j
Committee again v. • can explain the
matter to them and that they will give
us the extra appro priation. "It is cer
tainly to the advantage of the city to
have all the personal property taxes col- i
lected by us. because it is necessary for
the city to have this money. If we don't
get this appropriation we can't collect)
this money. We have $800,000 to collect
for these taxes. We started to collect on
April I, and have collected to date $13,000.
The great bulk of the amount will have
to be collected in May and June."
Although Wtdber's snfp in the Treas
urer's office was attached last week, no
attempt was made to ascertain its exact i
contents until yesterday. The work of
going over all the papers and books it
contained was performed in the presence
of Treasurer Reis. Chief Lees and repre
sentatives respectively of the Mayor and
th Sheriff. A block of Hale & Norcross
stock was found, also some papers be- -i
longing to the Treasurers office, docu- j
ments concerning Wldber's mining and
real estate properties and a number of
notes, presumably from persons to whom
Widber had made loans. Among the latter
was one for about $350 made by Eddie
Casey, a deputy in the County Clerks
office. All the private papers of Widher
have been placed in charge of the Sheriff,
who declines to divulge their nature, say
ing that the Chief of Police has given
these instructions, as some of the docu
ments may be needed as evidence against
Widber.
JAMES AND THOMAS O'CONNELL, Whose Sudden Death May Have
Been Due to Poison.
: Barcelona, the Spanish notables at home,
the royal navy, ancient Toledo, the Es
curial, Granada and the Alhambra, etc.
Mr. Davis has traveled extensively
through Spain, and is thoroughly ac
quainted with the people, their customs
and language, and this, combined with
'■ the superb collection of views and the
j great interest now being felt in Spain and
all things Spanish, tended to make the
evening's entertainment one of the most
interesting ever given by the club.
« m m
SUPERSTITION IN MEDICINE.
Dr. Henry Gibbons' Lecture Before
Cooper Medical College Last
Night.
"Superstition in Medicine" was the sub-
I ject of a lecture given by Dr. Henry Gib
' bons Jr. at Cooper Medical College last
■ night. In his introduction the lecturer
j quoted Mark Twain's aphorism, "Let me
make the superstition of the world and I
care not who makes the laws."
Superstition was defined as being exces
sive reverence for that which is unknown
or mysterious, and the speaker observed
that superstition has a close relationship
to religion, but is founded In ignorance
and credulity.
The Romans called those who escaped
from battle "Superstites," hence supersti
tion is that religion which remains when
the real religion is dead. From the crea
tion of man the mysterious, unseen and
| unexplained has governed him; in his
barbaric state he is a believer in sorcery.
Through 'succeeding centuries man finally
received some conception of an almighty
being who ruled the world according to
reason and law.
The lecture was interspersed with many
! humorous descriptions of attempted cures
] by superstitious practices among the ig
j norant in the early days.
CLEVER TRAINED ANIMALS.
Norris Brothers' Big Dog and Pony
Show Will Open Next week.
Norris lims,' flop and pony shows will
open an eleven days' engagement In Cen
tral Park on Monday next. The aggrega
tion comprises Shetland ponies, dogs,
goats and monkeys, wuich number over
100 and furnish onto rtainment of a very
unique anil interesting character.
The programme includes a military drill
by the ponies, bareback riding acts by
dogs, goats and monkeys, a very exciting
leaping contest by ten English grey
hounds, a minstrel first part, in which
thirty dogs take part, and an exciting fire
scene by a complete animal fire depart
ment with miniature apparatus. The
clowns and other comical characters will
afford much amusement. The entire com
pany will be seen on parade dally at 11
a. in.
The Iroquois Club.
The Iroquois Club met last nfght to
complete arrangements for a benefit to
be given at the Ttvotl Opera House on
May 16, when "Ship Ahoy 1 will be pre
sented.
A dispatch was read from Senator
Perkins formally announcing that the tntr
Fenriess, recently purchased by the Gov
ernment, will be named after the club
when it is turned over for war service
A committee was appointed to prepare
some token of the club's appreciation of
the honor conferred.
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY APRIL 30, 1898.
POISON MIGHT
BE THE CAUSE
Two Young Brothers Die
Under Mysterious
Circumstances.
But One Day Elapsing Between
Their Deaths Causes a
Suspicion.
The Doctors, Unable to Diagnose the
Case, Appeal to the
Coroner.
The death of the two young; sons of Mr.
and Mrs. J. P. O'Connell occurring within
two days under circumstances which point
strongly to poisoning is being investigat
ed by the Coroner, and there is consider
able mystery attached to the case. One
Of the boys died Thursday morning pre
sumably of cholera infantum, and while
the end came sooner than the doctor in
attendance expected, he thought nothing
wrong in the case, so signed the death
certificate and the child was buried. The
following day the second boy died with
symptoms similar to those observed In
his brother. As the physicians were not
entirely satisfied with the diagnosis of the
malady of the first patient the matter
was reported to the Board of Health, and
the body of the second child given into
the- care of the Coroner.
James Joseph O'Connell was 4 years
! old and a particularly healthy child.
, Wednesday morning he complained of
pains in his stomach and was seized with
vomiting. The mother thought there was
nothing serious in the illness and applied
home remedies until late in the evening,
when, as the boy grew worse, Or. Conran
,of 860 Mission street was called. He
! found the boy in convulsions, and after
1 investigating the case decided that cholera
infantum was the trouble. He relieved the
suffering as much as possible, and appre
! hended no fatal termination of the at
tack. Greatly to the doctor's surprise, the
child died at 2 o'clock Thursday morning.
The death certificate was signed and the
body buried in Holy Cross Cemetery yes
terday morning.
While the body was still in the house,
Thomas P. O'Connell. 3 years old, was
taken sick in the same way that his
brother had been, and Dr. Bell, the reg
ular family physician, was railed to at
tend him. This boy was resting easy
when the funeral was held yesterday,
but on the return of the mother from the
funeral he was found to be worse, and
died shortly after 1 o'clock. Dr. Bell was
puzzled by the case, and decided that it
was one worthy of an investigation.
The mother of the children lives at
153 San Carlos avenue, where- she conducts
a small grocery-store and bakery. The
father is a blacksmith by occupation, but
is at present among the gold-hunters ot
Alaska, where he has been since last
January. Mrs. O'Connell says she does
•. not know where the children could have
'■ got any poison, as none was kept about
the place. The family has eaten no canned
goods, and the children have been to no
place where any were given to them.
There are three little girls in the family,
and the mother said these had not been
sick, but this is contradicted by Dr. Bell,
who states that all three have been sick
and vomiting much in the same way the
tw.i boys did. and that he has been treat
ing them. He admits that the symptoms
■which both boys exhibited might be due to
cholera infantum, but says that the
deaths were too sudden to be the result
of that disease. It is his opinion that
i they have been eating something that
contained poison, and he believes It
might be arsenic.
Dr. Gallagher, the autopsy physician of
the Coroner's office, made an examination
of the body of the child who died yester
day. The stomach was entrusted to Dr.
('. L. Morgan, the Morgue chemist, who
will make a chemical examination to-day.
ENTERTAINING ELKS.
A Fine Programme Presented to a
Brilliant Audience on Ladies'
Night
Never did Elks 1 Hall. In the Center
j block, present a handsomer appearance
; than It did last night, dec-orated as It was
j with white, pink and purple, the Protec
tive Benevolent Order of Elks' colors and
j a profusion of flowers and living plants.
All this was on the occasion of the first
i ladies' night of San Francisco Lodge
i No. 3.
The audience, composed in the greater
: part of ladles, was one of the most bril
: liant that has assembled in any hall this
i season, and for the entertainment of
those who responded to the Invitations.
the committee consisting of Major H B
Hosmer. Lieutenant Colonel Joseph R
Howell. J. P. Dunn. H. S. Manning H
H. Sherwood and H. Kohn, presented a
very choice programme, and between
. numbers Exalted Ruler Manning Imposed
; a number of fines on members for various
! offenses. During the evening the exalted
; ruler was notified that the ,<lge had
i fined him $2 GO for not being at the nre
ceding meeting. He paid thr> fine but
revenged himself on the members by fin
; ing each 26 cents, and as there is no an
' peal in the matter of fines, quite a sum
I was placed in the charity box
The programme, after an overture by
the orchestra, included a vocal solo by
Tillle Momsey. "the daughter of the
Elka ; cello soln. Professor Weiss- red
Matlon. Miss Gallick; vocal solo",' Mrs
I'rl.-xt-tine; selections by the Knickerl
bocker Quartet: recitation, Miss E But
i ler, and contributions by Ferris 'Hart
man. Smith O'Brien of the Orpheum M«
: Foster of the Alcazar. L. R. S toe* wen
and many others from the local theaters
In the center of the hall was a 'large
; table, on the snow-white cloth of which
; were decorations of smilax and piles of
; cakes, coffee urns and loving cups From
this coffee and cakes were served to the
guests. These receptions will be repeated
periodically. «>•<•=«
» ♦ ■ _
Character Sketch No. 5
In to-day's News Letter represents one
of the best-known and wealthiest mining
1 men in the Strvto. The series o f prorni- !
neni men's pictures running through the •
j News Letter are attracting a great deal
■of attention. This number also contains
I vigorous editorials on Wtdber's defalca
| tion, grave considerations growing out of
! the war with Spain, a dozen sharp local ]
' hits In "Sparks." tart roasts of people
more or less known by the "Crier " New
i Tnrk gossip and stories on the Century
Club ladies. Consul George Hall U s ''
Grant, General Hammond and others'!
. and some lawyers are scalped. Harbor
Commissioners roasted. School Board'
skinned ami Pausalito's new ordinance '
| noted on the first page. Every page of i
the issue is bright, entertaining and in
structive. Ten cents, of all newsdealers.*
Try our $1 EyeglMse*. 710 Market & 11 Geary.
NO RIGHT
TO DEMAND
GAS DEPOSITS
The Corporation Loses in the Suit
Brought as a Test
Case.
Judge Barry Declares That the Money Is Not
a Voluntary Payment and Must
Be Returned— An Appeal.
The San Francisco Oas and Electric
| Light Company has lost in the case
; brought against it by Henry James.
; The court not only decreed that the
; company had no right to the $5 ex
tracted from James as a deposit, but
by the decision weakened the grasp of
the monopoly on many another deposit
similarly secured.
The matter was tried before Judge
Barry, who sought to ascertain the cir
cumstances in detail, even asking many
questions himself. He took the matter
under advisement, and yesterday ren
dered his decision. That this decision
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE JAMES E. BARRY.
Is not a surprise can be fairly stated.
So far as disinterested persons could
determine both the law and the facts
were or. the side of the plaintiff. The
company does not propose to give up
gracefully the plum to which it has
clung so tenaciously. Notice of appeal
was at once filed. The feature of the
trial apparently most embarrassing to
the defense was the repeated inquiry
from Ihe b^neh as to what had been the
consideration for the $5. There was no
THE ROD AND GUN
AFFORD GOOD SPORT
On Sunday the California Wins Club
will open fire at live birds at the Ingle
side shooting grounds. The Reliance
Club will meet at the Webster-street
grounds, the Golden Gate Gun Club at
Alameda Junction and the Empire at
Alameda Point.
Doubtless the largest gathering will
witness the Empire's handicap pool and
merchandise shoot, which will commence
at 10 o'clock. In the merchandise event
all ties will be shot off at ten birds.
Although the streams are exceedingly
low and clear and trout consequently
wary, some very nice creels of fish were
taken during the week from coast
streams. Fred Johnson and a friend se
cured a very nice basket <>t trout a few
days ago from San Gregorio Lagoon.
Johnson reports having seen several trout
of good size leaping in the deep water,
but they turned a cold eye to artificial
flies and other lures intended for their
capture.
W. Cooper was one of the fortunate
anglers who returned from Lagunitas
Creek last Sunday. The expert spoon
caster enticed three large trout to par
take of a little steel medicine. The big
fellows made a very nice appearance
among a few dozen seven and eight-inch
fish which lined the bottom of his basket.
Experts at fly casting have been catch
ing nice messes of trout in the tide waters
of Paper Mill Creek.
Striped bass are now being caught by !
anglers in the bay near Rodeo and Pinole j
Stations. I,ive shrimp is the most killing !
bait yet discovered.
John Butler, Frank Marcus and John i
Lemmer have had good success on Lake I
Lagunitas. The trout are in good condi
tion and will take a rty whenever the
water is ruffled by a breeze. Uait fishing
is not allowid.
It was reported yesterday from the I
headquarters of the Spring Valley Water i
Company that owing to the extreme low
water of Lakes San Andreas and Pilar
citas permits for aneling will not be
given this season.
NOT A RAILROAD JURY.
Verdict for 8500 in Favor of Mrs. !
Honorah Burns.
■ One of the new juries, free from the
railroad influence, rendered a verdict in
favor of Mrs. Honorah Burns for $500 last
evening, in her suit for /damages against i
the Geary Street Railway.
Mrs.. Burns was : injured in March, 1593,
by being thrown from one of the Geary
street cars on Point Lobos 1 avenue, "near
First £ avenue! She had boarded the car
whtn .it started suddenly, : and then '■ as
suddenly stopped; then it started forward
again : with -redoubled ■ speed, ■■< and- the !
woman, who was sitting on : the dummy, I
wa«; thrown violently to the • ground -. and j
knocked senseless. - . ■ - .
• Tne car. was nearly opposite the power- !
house "at. First • avenue, and the uncon
scious ; woman was : taken in , there and |
surrounded by employes of the road, who j
den:nnued her name ■ and address. When j
she came to she- was put on another car !
and 'Sent home.. ; ■ -■ ■
She brought suit, and last Tuesday it i
came up ■ for trial in "' JudgeDaingerfield's
court, i Reuben H. Lloyd. Peter F. Dunne I
ana -Alexander Heyneman were retained i
by .the ; company,; and Samuel M. Short
ridge. fought the case for the woman. The
delense was , that ■ Mrs. Burns t was under
tut Influence of liquor, and that she step
ped oft ( the car i herself; but • this " conten
evading the answer that the element of
consideration had been wholly absent.
The Judge rendered no written
opinion, but his statement was ample
and lucid. He said the only point he
had to consider was as to whether the
deposit had been made voluntarily. He
concluded that when a citizen applied
for a meter and was informed that he
cnuld secure one only by advancing a
certain sum that the payment was not
voluntary, but the result of coercion.
There was therefore nothing for him
to do but decide for the plaintiff.
This suit is of vastly more importance
than appears on its face. There are
thousands of people who are awaiting
the final outcome, and if the Superior
Court shall sustain Judge Barry there
will be such a run on the gas companies
that they will be forced out of the
banking business.
Meanwhile whoever has a deposit
with either concern can pet it back by
ordering out his meter, settling his ac
count, and then ordering the meter re
placed. The cashier of the Gas and
Electric Company was good enough to
give the public this tip while on the
stand.
tion was overthrown, and the verdict was
rendered in her favor, with costs, last
evening, after the jury had deliberated
Lr.t a short time.
A Valuable Specimen.
The State Mining Bureau is in receipt
| of a valuable specimen known as platt
i nerite, or dioxido of lead. In the com
; mercial world this mineral has but little
; value, but to the curiosity hunter its
; value is estimated at about $90 a pound.
This value is because of its being so
scarce. The specimen comes from the
mine of \V. J. Clark of Mullen, Idaho.
Mr. Clark has sei t a similar specimen to
the Smithsonian Institution, where it is
highly prized.
Says He Is All Right.
Mrs. Powers, the mother of Thomas
Powers, the man who was arrested last
Wednesday on a charge of burglary, says
the police are in error when they Pay
her son was ever arrested before. She
says he is not a burglar, nor has he ever
given the police any trouble. It was
reported by the police that Powers was a
sneak thief.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Was your |%
Doctor's bill /
Large enough ■
Why pay him more if it was? Why
take his prescription to a drugstore that
pays him half for the privilege of filling i
it and charge it to you?
What has he done to earn any com-
mission? You have to pay it. You
have already paid for the doctor's at-
tendance and the fee for the prescrip-
tion. Isn't that quite enough?
There is one safe way of avoiding
paying prescription commissions, and
only one. Go to a druggist that pays
no commission ; go to the
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO,,
949-951 MARKET STREET,
Between Fifth and Sixth.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
WeriesTorlentT
MOUNTAIN VIEW WINERY BUILDINGS
with Distilling Plant, Boiler, Engines, etc"
Mountain View is In the heart of Santa Clara
County's best VINEYARDS. The best dry
wine in the world is produced here. Will rent
cheap to responsible parties for a term of
years. H. K. ROGERS, 117 Lenzen avenue.
San Jose, Cal.
______ ADVERTISEMENTS:
THE BOSTON SeCOnd Weather Report:
uuill^ «^ -rf ■ , Cloudy and unsettled
orchestra, Orancl stE*** west "
LEOBRUCK __
Director. COHCert, We Close at 6.
uirector.
HALES
to-day^
2 to 5 F. T&.
1. March "For Love or War" Aronson
2. Overture "Light Cavallerie". ....... Suppe
3. Wa1tz. . :........ "Rendezvous" Waldteufel
'4. Danse characteristique "La Gazelle" .Bendix
5. Selection from "Amorita" '. . . . Czibulka
6. "Charge of the Hussars" Spindler
7. Wa1tz. . . . . . .'. . A .'. ."1mm0rta1". . ...../.. Gungl
(In memory of the Maine heroes.)
8. Medley "A Cluster of Peaches". ..; . Beyer
9. Selection "Faust" Gounod
10. Medley . ... "Luanda's Serenade". ...... Witmark
(An Ethiopian absurdity.)
11. Waltz from the opera "Serenade". Herbert
(By request.)
12. March "General Sickles" . . . . . . . Bial
• "The Star-Spangled Banner."
GOD BLESS OUR HEROES— shall be ~
no East, no West, no North, no South, but — One
country, one flag.
Hale's,
937=939=941=943=945=947
Market Street.
WAR EDITION!
THE STAR,
Edited by JAMES H. BARRY.
CONTAINING STRONG
EDITORIALS AND '
PITHY NEWS OF THE
WEEK.
THE STAR.
5 Cents a Copy.
Subscription $1.50 Per Year.
Office 429 Montgomery Street, S. F. ;
j KLONDIKE j
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply of |
V^<tg*gnßtn»tHggfe^3
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
. | CONDENSED MILK
, Highest reputation for keeping qual-
: ity ; hence, no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
ji>u...^— ■ - v ,■-.. -. .....4
L : AiJ"fJif!l t"" El ! iE ? -
\«s©Sj\ Used Everywhere.
g|||^ We Rent All Makes.
j^H||lVSend for Samples and
L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
110 Montgomery St., S. F. '
MADE ME A MAN
[ /^S^ AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
■ ft/ "1 -A £,£ nervous Diseases— Failing Mem-
.Bl SC 2 r7 »f? lpotl?nc y> sle «Pl eSBn CS8 l etc., cnaesd
§AJAX TABLETS FOFITIYELY CURE
w« .EX At rror»s JUsrasci— Failing Mom-
ory, Impotency. Rleqple-sne.-s.etc, caused
by Abuse or other Exaesses Rnd Indis-
/\ \J?S& cretions. • They quickly and surely
JL "V. restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
' «W»v"/^*fc. tit a man for study, busings or marriage.
*»faaa3C' Prevnnt Insanity and Consumption it
taken inuino. Their Bhow3 immedlaio iinpro7e-
inentand effects a CUB 2 where nil other fail In-
«st upon having the c<?nnino Ajnx Tablets. * They
navo cared thousands and will core yon. We civ* a pos-
itiva written guarantee to effect* euro Cf»f»f© in
each case or retuud ilio money. Trice « • Wiper
packuKe; or eiz j-kc<-s (fall treatment) for $2.60. By
moil, in piain wrapper, nprn receipt of price. Circular
/ reo - AAX iffF.*.* p.^Y- CO. , ;! :^.°"?'- :
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnltz & Co., \
Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 349 Mkt.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
HM Museum of Anafos^y
1 LS a The Largest of Its kind io tin World.
#^^\ DR. "JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1 11 7 of^ Marriage.
o- v " . " . -mailed met .
X 3
" V2S^33p MARKET ST. Sf.SSS^
POSITIVELY
XHE LAST DAY,
TO-DAY at 2 and 8 P. M.,
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH HI IP 0
PERSIAN nUll Bjl
B. H. PAUL'S entire stock, before his depart-
• • ure to Alaska, ' •
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
AUCTION
At 106-108 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug: will be sold out regardless of
cost, a lite-time chance to buy genuine goods
at your own prices. ; *
- . N. E. CLARK, Auctioneer.
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
In the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, De-
partment No. 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCK DUNN et als.. Defendants. Causa
No. 62.117.
Notice is hereby given that under and In pur-
suance of the interlocutory decree In partition
and order of sale heretofore duly made and
given in the above-entitled court and cause,
and thereafter, to-wit, on the 6th day of April,
1898, duly entered of record therein, by which
said Interlocutory decree of said court, the
undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was appointed by
consent in open court of all the parties to said
action, as sole referee for the purpose of mak-
ing sale of the real property hereinafter de-
scribed, and by which said decree it was
directed that said real property be sold at pub-
lice auction In the manner required by law,
the undersigned, as BUch referee, will, on Mon-
day, the 9th day of May, IS9B, at the hour of
twelve (12) o'clock m., at the real estate office
and salesrooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co., at No.
14 Montgomery street, in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, sell at
public auction in separate parcels to the high-
est bidder for cash in United States gold coin,
and subject to confirmation by said Superior
Court, those certain lots, pieces or parcels of
real property situate, lying and being in said
City and County of San Francisco. State of
California, and bounded and described as fol-
lows, to-wit:
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence "northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-five (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eight
feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (80) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred-Vara Sur-
vey as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred-vara lot.
Beoond— Commencing at a point formed oy
the intersection of the southerly line of Fago
street with the westerly line of Octavia street,
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
<V 7 tf-12) feet thence, at right anffles northerly
forty (40) feet thence at right tingles easterly
Ky-seveTand six-twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
R "r hi M-Commencing at a point on the north-
■o.pJterlv line of Minna street, distant thereon
Two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
Ti-ostorlv from the northwesterly corner of
Second an* Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right ancles with Minna
u.'.'t and alone the easterly line of New
m ery street eighty (V)) feet, thence
bt .ingles easterly and parallel with
Mi-ma street fifty-nine and six-twelfths (59 6-12)
feet thence at right angles southerly and
parallel with New Montgomery street eighty
'SO) f°et to the northwesterly line of Minna
■treel an.l thence at right angles westerly
nlorV the northwesterly line of Minna street
fifty-nine and six-twelfths (59 6-12) feet to the
noint of commencement, being a subdivision of
I hundred-vara lot number eight (S).
Fourth -Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Bandies and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly nlong the northerly line ■,(
Duncan street eighty (80 foot, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
drril nnil fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (80)
f,,,t to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and, fourteen (114) fret to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (If)) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance Of purchase prlre upon con-
firmation of sale and delivery of deed.
Dated this Tth day of April. I<;:'S
G. H. UMBPEN
Sole Referee Appointed hy Said Superior Court
DTNKFXSPBII, & CESFORD, -
Attorneys for PlalntlfT. No. 805 Claus Spreckels
Building, San Francisco.
DR.M9NDLIY.
,, r rHis;v£i.r,Kxow>: AND RKUABUE or.ti
, .t. •>l>et-luliKtCTm?»l'rlvate,Kervous,H!oodai l dSklu
Diseases of Me,, only. Manly Powerrestore.l. Over
My aim experience. Send for Book, Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoars, 9to 3
dally ; 6:.-» tnB.3ocV . •, Sundays 10 to 12. Cnsulta-
Uou free and sacredly confidential. Cull or address
.- - P. BOSCOE MeSriTT, M. I>.~ ' -
B<33a Kearay Street. S»a I'runcUctH CflUk