VOLTJMB LXXXIV.-KO. 137.
SCORES SENT
TO DEATH OFF
THE LIZARD
Steamer Mohegan Goes
Ashore Off the Coast
of England.
Only Thirty-One Saved Out of the
Two Hundred Souls Aboard
the 111-Fated Vessel.
LONDON, (Jet. 14. — The Atlantic Transport Company's
steamer Mohegan, formerly the Cleopatra, of the Wilson
& Ftimess-Leyland line, which left London for New York yes
terday with fifty passengers and a crew of 150, is ashore off The
Lizard, between the Manacles and the Lowlands.
A coastguard message reports that the passengers "are
drowning" like rats."'
Another account says: '"Bodies ure washing ashore, one
being that of a lady, lashed to a plank, with both legs severed."
Particulars of the disaster are difficult to obtain.
It appears that when the Mohegan struck a gale was blow
ing and the sea was running high.
Lifeboats put oil from the Lizard and from Falmouth, one
returning- filled with passengers. Several were drowned, how
ever, it is reported, on the passage of the lifeboat to shore.
Another lifeboat saved six persons.
The coast at this point is extremely dangerous, and has
been the scene of numerous wrecks. Some years ago there was
a movement on foot to get a lightship placed here, but it
failed.
A dispatch from Falmouth says the Mohegan was probably
blown ashore by the heavy east wind after her machinery was
disabled.
All the Falmouth tugs went out, but none was able to ap
proach the vessel.
A lifeboat has landed thirty of the Mohegan's passengers
and returned for more. One lady died after she was brought
ashore.
According to a dispatch received at 3 a. m. from Falmouth,
out of 200 persons constituting the passengers and crew of the
Mohegan, only thirty-one have been saved.
This intelligence was confirmed by a telephone message
from the coast guard to Falmouth.
The coast guards are watching for bodies and wreckage.
The lifeboats have gone into Port Houstock.
MADE THE MAIDEN
VOYAGE LAST AUGUST
LONDON, Oct. 14.— The steamer Mo
he?an (then the Cleopatra) arrived at
New York on August 12 last on h^r
maiden trip from London. She is a
single screw steel vessel of 4510 tons
register, 4^<~) feet Ion" by 52 feet beam
and about M feet in d.-pth of hold. She
had accommodations f->r 125 passengers
and a capacity for between 7000 and
8000 tons of freight and 700 cattle. Her
commander i.s Captain Griffiths, com
: re of the Atlantic transport fleet.
She is one of the five vessels recently
purchased from the Wilson and Fur
ness-Leyland line by the Atlantic
Transport Company to replace the
Mohawk. Mobile, Massachusetts, Mich
igan and Mississippi, which were sold
to the United States to be used as
transports.
INDIANS QUICKLY
REPAY TREACHERY
Drive From the Peace River District
Whites Who Stole Their Cached
Provisions.
VANCOUVER, H. C. Oct. 14.— J. H.
Hold of Chicago, who is just down from
Cassiar. says a gold strike has been made
Indlay River. Three men took out
$8S •■::<:h from a river bar in one week.
15. H. Sinclair of Los Angeles, Cal., who
has just arrived from Dawson City, says
■the future of Dawson City will depend
largely upon the opening out of quartz
mines. There have been upward of 400
quartz claims recorded at Dawson City.
and some claims in thf vicinity of the
city are attracting considerable attention
not on account of their high grade but of
the immense deposits of gold bearing ore.
C. C. Black, Just back from Peace
River, states that several prospectors up
thr-rc stole provisions cached by a tribe
of Indians which ha<3 always been friendly
to the whites. The red men were not
long in retaliating. They lired the grass
in the district for miles around. The re
pult was disastrous to the unscrupulous
white men. Their hor»es died of starva
tion, and. half starved themselves, they
fled from the country and returned to
Omineca. Had they not left the district
the Indian hostilities would have been
carried still further.
TELLS OF THE POOR
COMMISSARY SUPPLIES
Surgeon Seaman Testifies in Relation
•to Abuses Connected With the
l?orto Rican edition.
"SVASHI^GTON. Oct. 14.— Dr. Louis S.
Seaman was the principal witness before
the "War Investigation Commission to
day. He complained that the commis
sary' supplies furnished the troops in
. Porto liico -were unsuited to the demands
of a 'tropical climate, and that they were
especially unfit for hospital use. He said
be had been in charge of the 200 convales
cents brought north on the Obdam, and
had been unable to secure suitable sup
plies for them from the Government de
pots. He confessed, however, that he had
made no formal written requisition, but ,
had acted upon statements to him in
formally to the effect that no commuta
tion of rations would be allowed. He re
fused Us reply to some questions, declar
ing that he had been misrepresented by
the press and saying he would not re
flect upon his superior officers while he
wore the shoulder straps of a United
States officer.
VJijuteiiaiit Hill of the navy was also
a witness. Ho was in charge of the land
ing of the army at Santiago, and told the
story of that exploit. The commission
will devote to-morrow to preparation for
it? southern tour and will hold no ses
sion.
808 THOMPSON IS
GIVEN THE DECISION
Jimmy Lawler of San Francisco No
Match for the Colored
Fighter.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 14.— 80b Thomp
son (colored) of this city was given the
decision over Jimmy Lawler of San Fran
cisco in a fifteen round contest here to
night before the Los Angeles Athletic
Club. It was a hot fight from the start
to the finish. Both men were apparently
In the best of condition. John Brink was
chosen referee, after Lawler had objected
to Tom Dermody.
Both men were agresslve from the open
ing of the first round. Thompson was do
ing most of the leading In the early
stages of the fight, landing repeatedly
E. MALCOLM GANNETT.
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
PLOT TO ASSASSINATE
EMPEROR WILLIAM
WILLIAM II EMPEROR OF GERMAN*.
over Jim 's kidneys, and evidently
weakening aim by these tactics.
In the fifteenth round Thompson land
ed a left on the face. Lawler staggered
to the ropes. Thompson repeated the
blow and Lawler stayed down nine sec
onds, staggering to his feet and continued
fighting, but was only protecting him
self. The fight ended with Lawler almost
out.
REPORTED FIGHT OF
THE RIVAL REBELS
MANILA, Oct. 14. — A rumor here says
-that Macabulos, chief of the five north
ern provinces of the Philippine Islands,
has rebelled against Agulnaldo and that
hard fighting has taken place between
the opposing factions.
It is also reported here that General
Rios, the Spanish commander at Iloilo,
has sent emissaries from that place to
undermine Aguinaldo's influence and to
induce the natives to demand that
Spain retain the Philippines.
SENT LOVING
EPISTLES TO A
SOCIETY BELLE
E. Malcolm Garnett
Arrested.
PERSECUTED ETHEL RODGERS
SOUGHT THE HAND OF WALTER
HOBART'S COUSIN.
Challenged the Young Millionaire to
a Duel, and Now Must Stand
Examination as to
His Sanity.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 14.— A sensation
was sprung here to-day by two detec
tives of Harry Morse's detective
agency arresting E. Malcolm Garnett,
son of Louis A. Garnett, the well
known mining operator, on a charge of
disturbing the peace. The real cause
of the arrest is that Garnett for months
past has been greatly annoying Miss
Ethel Rodgers, a cousin of Walter S.
Hobart, by writing to her letters of an
exceedingly amorous nature and en
deavoring to Beck a personal meeting.
It is declared that the young man is
mentally unsound.
About three months ago Garnett .first
saw the beautiful Miss Rodgers at a
party given by prominent society peo
ple In San Francisco. He became at
once a sufferer from Cupid's pranks
and sent the young lady a letter attest
ing his undying admiration. No atten
tion was paid to this, and a few days
later another letter came, urging that
the lovesick swain be permitted to pre
sent himself and be introduced.
Later Garnett came to San Rafael and
sought admittance to Captain Wil
liams' house, on Sixth avenue and E
street, where Miss Rodgers has been
residing with Mrs. Lester, Mr. Hobart's
sister, and Miss Juliet Williams, a sis
ter-in-law. He was told nobody was at
home and went away.
Since that time the young lady has
received a!bout fifty letters and Gar
nett has called at the Williams house a
dozen times, only to be denied admit
tance on all occasions.
Finally Walter Hobart went to see the
\ father, Louis A. Garnett, who resides /
on the corner of Essex and Turk
streets, San Francisco, and informed
him of his son's peculiar actions. The
father pleaded earnestly with his boy
to abandon his reprehensible conduct,
but all to no purpose.
A few weeks ago Mr. Hobart re
ceived a letter from Garnett begging
for an introduction to his inamorata,
and proudly boasting of his own flaw
less character and the prominent posi
tion occupied in society by his rela
tives.
A caustic reply caused the desperate
swain to take another tack. He wrote
a letter challenging: Mr. Hobart to a
duel. On the front page of this epistle
was drawn a crude picture of an exe
cutioner in the act of beheading a man
with a broadax.
THE NEW GERMAN CHURCH IN JERUSALEM, WHICH EMPEROR
WILLIAM IS ON HIS WAY TO DEDICATE.
ARREST OF
NINE ITOLION
ANARCHISTS
rjad Planned to Slay Ger
many's fouler at
Cairo.
Conspirators Being Compelled to
Change the Scheme, Shipped
Deadly Bombs to Port Said.
Special Dispatch to The Call
A LEXANDRIA, Egypt, Oct. 14.— The Alexandria police
f-\ have arrested nine Italian anarchists since last night, and
have thereby frustrated a plot against Emperor William,
now on his way to the Holy Land to be present at the conse
cration of the Church of the Savior at Jerusalem.
The first to be arrested is a cafekeeper, a well-known an
archist, in whose house the police discovered two wire-bound
bombs of great strength, full of bullets.
This arrest was made in consequence of the notification
from the Italian Consul General at Cairo that two anarchists had
left Cairo for Port Said.
The police investigation showed that the arrested cafekeeper
had bribed the steward of a steamer sailing to-day from Alex
andria to Port Said and Syria to take on board a box of bombs.
Apparently the anarchists originally intended to use the bombs
at the Palais Abidin, at Cairo, while Emperor William and the
Khedive were there.
When the Kaiser decided not to visit Egypt, the anarchists
changed their plans and decided to attack him in Palestine.
The liveliest satisfaction is felt over the smart captures, and
the German consulate has expressed its warmest thanks. The
two Cairo anarchists who left for Port Said have not yet been
arrested.
This was enough for Mr. Hobart. He
consulted with Harry Morse and Detec
tive Cleary was detailed to keep a
watch on Garnett. To-day the latter
came to San Rafael and was walking
around the Williams grounds, after
having been denied admittance to the
house, when he was arrested by Cleary
and Constable Louis Hughes and
charged with disturbing the peace. He
was taken to the Courthouse, and, after
close questioning, placed in confine
ment.
Garnett seems to be unquestionably
Insane. He admitted having written
the letters to Miss Rodgers, Miss Wil
liams and Mrs. L<ester, asking for an
Introduction to the former young lady.
He said he would not have come to
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
San Rafael at all, but that Mrs. Lester
had telephoned to him to come. He was
granted permission to write a letter and
scribbled one to Miss Williams as fol
lows :
"My Dear Miss Williams: This con
finement is very disagreeable. If it is
desirable, I wish you would explain
matters, as it is all a joke."
The man claimed acquaintance with
nearly every celebrity Jn the country,
including the late Ward McAllister,
Ned Greenway and Charles Page, the
capitalist. He said the latter would
go his bail.
At 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon
Garnett will be examined by Drs.
Wickman and Jones, in the presence
of Superior Judge F. M. Angellotti, as
to his sanity. He dresses very neatly
and wears his mustache in a peculiar
fashion, with both tips waxed and
pointing straight forward from the
face.
Louis A. Garnett, the father, former
lyfwas in the mining business, and was
at one time a wealthy man. The fam
ily moves in the best circles of society
and the arrested son is a college grad
uate.
STATUS OF THE FIRST
NATIONAL BANK OF HAWAII
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— The organiz
ers of the First National Bank o£ Ha
waii, Honolulu, of which the Anglo-Cali
fornian Bank of San Francisco is a large
stockholder, have wired here to ascer
tain what further steps are necessary to
perfect the organization of the bank. The
inquiry is based on the supposition that
the terms of the annexation of the islands
having to await the action of Congress
the status of the Government in Hawaii
may be in doubt. The question has been,
mooted not through any fear as to an
ultimate favorable decision, but is rather
prompted by natural precautions taken
by men engaging in vast business enter
prises. In the absence of Attorney Gen
eral Griggs it will be Impossible to secure
a formal opinion until next week, when
he will return to Washington. However,
the Assistant Attorney General and th©
Solicitor for the Department of Justice
have both passed informally upon the
question of government now in force in
Hawaii. It Is held that territorial power*
Of the United States are not extended
over the islands, and that our Federal
laws are In full force and effect. The
Solicitor of the Department of Justice
further holds that native-born Hawaiian*
can be directors in the newly organized
bank.
MASSACRE_FEARED.
: Rumor at Peking That |
! Europeans Are In
Danger.
LONDON, Oct. 15.— The Pc- ■
king correspondent of the Daily •
Chronicle says: There is a ru- •
jnor In circulation that a plot la •
on foot for a massacre of Euro- ■
peans.2
LENZEN PUT
UP MAN Y JOBS
FOR FRIEND
Cheated Contractors
Out of Work.
STOOD IN WITH THE GANG
APPEARED AS A WITNESS FOB,
BOSS RE A.
Both Sides Close Their Case in the
$25,000 Slander Suit.
Argument to Begin
Tuesday.
PAX JOSE, Oct. 14.— Both sides in^Jie
Jannan-Rea (25,000 Blander Buit r<
this afternoon, arid argument before
the jury will co Tuesday
more . testimony
to-day was in behalf of Jarman.
Jacob Lenzen, an architect, was put
on the Btand this morning to rebut
the t of Jarman that the
tiff had received the painting of
the Rhinehart flats in competition and
not for his vote in the Council on the
the fire limits. Witness said
lie w ising architect of the
Rhini s. Mrs. de Wii and L. P.
Kraft, trustees of the Rhinehart es
tate, had spoken 10 him about the
painting of the buildings, and had toid
him that Jarman was tv be given the
painting, lit- said S. P. Hatcher, agent
of the property, had told him the same
thing. Owing to the terms of the will
of Mrs. Rhinehart creatin? the trust,
the work had to be don- ract,
and it was arranged thai in was
to have the work. Arraj tta had
been left to the witness aha Che work
■was given to Jarman. L. P. Craft, a
trustee, had also told him Jarman was
to have the work.
Under cross-examination Lenzen
told an entirely different story and
proved an excellent witness for Jar
man. He admitted that he had built
the City Hail, Agnews Asylum, Hall of
nd new High School, and had
had a hand in every big job given out
by the gang in the city and county for
the past fifteen years. Lenzen testi
fied he had frequently defrauded con
tractors who had figured on work he
was supervising by not giving it to
the lowest bidder. He had practiced
such favoritism many times.
Lenzen said bids were received for
paintiiiu the Rhiriehart flats from Car
rier, Baird and Jarman, and Jarman's
was the lowest. The plaintiff was to
have the work anyhow, but it was to
ar that he was the lowest bidder
and have his own price afterward.
Witness had arrang-d to do this. He
had before perpetrated the same kinu.
of a fraud upon contractors who fig
ured on work, and did not consider it
a fraud. He thought it perfectly legal.
Witness did not do this at all times,
but he liked to see his friends get the
work. He refused to tell how he'ma
'nipulated such things, but thought
Birch work perfectly honest tran
sactions. He finally admitted Jarman'?
bid for the work was the lowest and
plaintiff had performed the work ac
cording to specifications. Jarman had
done first-class work and had earned
every dollar he had received. Plain
tiff was entitled to the work, and even
with some extra work he had done his
bill was lower than that of the other
bidders. Jarman's work was satisfac
tory and honestly done. Lenzen said
he "had remodeled the Rea building a
few months ago and secured the work
at the instance of Boss Rea.
S. P. Hatcher, a real estate and in
surance agent, said he was the agent
of the Rhinehart property and had car
ri.-d the insurance on the buildings
burned. Some time after the fire Mrs.
Harper and Mrs. de Wit told witness
they had been before the ordinance
committee of the Council to get per
mission to rebuild the buildings of
wood. They had been unsuccessful and
i witness 4 o try and secure a modi
fication of the fire limits. He had seen
Boss Rea and asked him to use his in
fluence in the matter. L. P. Kraft,
another trustee of the estate, had also
asked witness to take an interest in the
matter. He said he had reported to
Kraft in the presence of Mrs. de Wit
or Mrs. Harper that Rea told him Jar
man would favor a change of the fire
limits and it would pass if Jarman was
given the painting without competition
of the buildings to be erected. He also
told Kraft what Rea had told him.
On cross-examination Hatcher said
the reason he ■went to Rea and asked
him to lend his aid and influence in
having ihe fire limits changed was be
cause Rea had "worked in politics" for
years. JHe knew Rea had good friends
in the Council and could interest th^m
In the matter. He did not think Rea's
proposition that Jarman be given the
painting was just exactly right. It was
not proper, but witness would not say
whether it was dishonest or not.
I:<J not consider it a bribe for
a Councilman's vote. The matter was
fail and honest as far as he was con
cerned, and he had only interested him
n the matter out of friendship for
the Rhinehart family.
Attorney Delmaa recalled Mrs. Harry
Harper to contradict the testimony of
Lenzen and Hatcher. Her testimony
was strong and convincing. Mrs. Har
per testified she was a trustee of the
Rhinehart estate. She had never spoken
to Hatcher about having the fire limits
changed so their flats could be rebuilt
of wood. He was not an agent for the
and was simply agent of
a company that carried the ' in
surance on the buildings. She
had been before a committee of
the Council and asked permission to
rebuild of wood, but this was denied
because a large proportion of the build
ings had been destroyed. Later the
Council changed the fire limits. The
trustees hai never asked Hatcher to
gee Rea about having the limits
changed, and she had never heard
Hatcher make such a statement to
Kraft. Never even knew Rea had been
considered. She was equally as posi
tive in her denial of orders having been
given to Lenzen to give Jarman the
painting. The painting had been let in
competition and Jarman was the lowest
bidder.
Mrs. He Wit. another trustee of the
Rhinehart estate, ga#ve similar testi
mony. She denied the statements made
by Hatcher and Lenzen that Jarman
was to be given the painting of the
building without competition for his
vote in the Council on the change of the
fire limits. Hatcher had no authority
to go to (lea for his influence with
Coun.^ilnu n and she had never heard
Hatcher tell Kraft he had fixed the
rna'.i.-r up.
Attorney Delmas then said that that
finished his case. The defense also
made the same announcement.
The attorneys were then Instructed to
prepare instructions to the Jury.
An adjournment was taken until
Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock, when
argument before the Juxy will com.
niepce.
CONSPIRACY TO
MURDER CHARGED
Warrants Out Against
Mine Managers.
TANNER RULES AT VIRDEN
ILLINOIS' GOVERNOR PREVENTS
FURTHER CONFLICT.
OfUcials of the Chicago and Alton
Road Enraged by the Refusal
to Permit Imported Ne
groes to Land.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vl.-tDEN, 111., Oct. 14.— A new quiver
:oitement awept over this town
hourly throughout the afternoon and
from 2 o'clock till nightfall rumor fol
lowed rumor, and, nut even the best md
d had any idea as to what would
develop during the night. Rumors that
another train load of negroes was on its
way here kept the excitement to a high
tension, but the militia is in complete
possession of the stockade and are
y guarding the railroad property.
The Coroner's jury heard a large
number of witnesses to-day, but did not
conclude its work.. The inquest will
last until Monday or Tuesday.
JVarrants were sworn out to-day be
fore the local magistrate by an offl
tlie Miners' Union, charging President
Loucks, Manager Lukehs and others
with "conspiracy to murder," but on
advice of the military officers in charge
here they were not served. This action,
however, caused Colonel Young to re
fuse to .alloW several guards who had
been employed by the coal company to
depart for their homes in Chicago, as
he thought they might be needed as
witnesses. Six guards from St. Louis,
who came upon the train carrying the
biacks Wednesday and who were more
or less seriously wounded were allowed
to leave .for home after a consultation,
participated in by Coionel Young, Man
ager Lukens, Coroner Hart, Poiice Mag
istrate Roberts and Attorney Patton.
Three of the men were so badly injured
that it was necessary to carry them to
the train.
Three hundred miners from Virden,
Carlinville, Nilwood and Green Ridge
attended the funeral of A. Breneman
at Girard to-day. There was no dis
order.
ALTON OFFICIALS
GREATLY ENRAGED
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— Complications
which threaten to assume greater pro
portions than the clash between Fed
eral and State authority during the
railway strike under Altgeld's admin
istration promise to grow out of Gov
ernor Tanner's seizure of the Alton
railroad at Virden. General Solicitor
Brown of the Chicago and Alton left for
Springfield to-day as the result of a
conference between the officials of the
road. Solicitor Brown will assume
charge of the situation at Virden so far
as the Alton is concerned. Steps will
be taken likewise by the Alton to secure
legal redress for Governor Tanner's ac
tion in refusing to allow the Alton road
to unload negro miners at Virden. The
officials of the Alton make no attempt
to conceal their anger and cast blame
upon the Governor for interfering with
a common carrier which has authority
to operate as such under State laws.
The officials of the Alton claim that
one of the most sacred prerogatives of
a common carrier was outraged, and
they express their determination to rind
out if the Governor of the State can
"exercise lawless force," as they term
it, without being called to account.
Vice President and General Manager
Chappell of the Alton road called the
general solicitor and other officers to
a conference to-day. The conference
lasted only a few minutes, and at its
conclusion Solicitor Bi-own cleared up
his correspondence and departed for
Springfield.
"Lawless force covers the entire sit
uation," said Mr. Brown. "The Gov
ernor has absolutely no right to pre
vent this road taking its passengers to
where -they are ticketed. It is an un
heard of thing, and nothing can be
found in the laws of tne State to jus
tify the conduct of the Governor. We
can take passengers, whether colored
jor white, from Alabama or from any
] other State and carry them to any dcs
! tination upon our line. It does not mat
j ter if they came under guard. We do
I not recognize the fuards as such, but
!as passengers. Even if they did carry
pun?, we have nothing to do but to take
| them to where they are destined so
■ long as they keep their guns out of
j sight. Our course in this matter is
! plain."
"Will the road institute legal pro
ceedings at once?"
"We will not take legal steps now,"
he answered. "I shall not talk for pub-
I llcation about my mission to Spring
! field. Next week there will be some
thing to tell. I cannot say any more
now."
IMPORTED NEGROES
SENT TO ST. LOUIS
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Oct. 14.— The
Imported negro miners in this city
were quietly escorted by Company F.
Sons of Veterans, of Macomb, and
Cavalry Troop B of Bloomington, to
Central Union station this afternoon
while the union miners were attending
the funeral of the men killed at Vir
den. The negroes were sent out on the
bluff line special to St. Luis.
AN ANT'S BITE CAUSES
INSANITY AND DEATH
Alma Singer, a Pretty School Teach
er, Perishes From Hydrophobia
After Being Nipped.
WICHITA, Kans., Oct. 14.— Alma Seger,
a pretty schoolteacher, was bitten by an
ant on the face to-day. She went Insane '
in -i few hours and died of hydrophobia.
M.JBS Seger whs attempting to open a win- :
j Jow, when the ant ran out of a hole and i
lit her. It wan of the tfig red species.
[ Physicians say the ant bite caused her to :
i go insane, and she died in spasms.
NEW FLAGSHIP FOB DEWEY
The Texas Being Prepared for a Trip
to the Philippines.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The list of the |
long-term men for the battle-ahip Texas |
i was completed to-day. The battleship will '
1 leave Tompkinsville -Saturday and nroceed
i to Philadelphia. She will, it is announced
1 later go to Manila and will be used aa
. the flagship for Admiral Dewey, me
'. Olympla being Bent to Hongkong for re- '■
i pairs.
To Cure a Coid in One Day
Take ■ Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All I
•Jrugjrißt* refund th« money If It fail* to cur© I
tic. , The sreuuin* has £.. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
ANDY W. FRANCISCO
DIES AT LOS ANGELES
t i
Passing of the Popular Port Collector of Cus
toms and Forn) er Daily Newspaper
Publisher.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 14. — Andy W. Francisco, who was appointed
Collector of Customs for this port about a year ago, died here to
day.
Mr. Francisco came to California from Cincinnati about ten years
ago. Whiie in Cincinnati he. with A. W. Starbuck, published the
Cincinnati Daily Times, then one of the most prominent papers in the
country. On his arrival in California he went into the real estate
and publishing business. While never very active in politics, he soon
became a general favorite, and was given one term in the Los An
geles City Council, after which he retired from active political life.
His appointment as Collector of Customs, through the friendship of
Senator Perkins, gave him the first office of the kind he ever held.
Mr. Francisco was about 74 years of age, and leaves a son, who is
Deputy Collector at San Pedro.
ST, LOUIS GREETS
THE PRESIDENT
Unstinted Welcome to
McKiniey.
BUT HE IS GROWING WEARY
CONTINUOUS OVATION AFROM
OMAHA TO THE MISSOURI.
Everywhere tne People Receive the
Chief Executive of the Nation
With Loving Demon
strations.
Special Dispatch to The CaH.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 14.— The Presidential
train came into St. Louis soon after 9
o'clock this morning. About an hour
before Just as the flyer was speeding
across the Missouri River, the President
breakfasted.
At Spanish Lake, about fifteen miles
from here, a reception committee of
thirty citizens of St. Louis boarded the
train to welcome the President. Among
them were Governor Stephens, ex-Gov
ernor Francis and Mayor Ziegenhelm.
Mr. McKinley walked through the car
where the members of the mmittee
were seated, and gave to each one a
warm personal greeting.
The President looks very tire after
the trying o: " :al of the last four days.
He said to General Shafter at Gales
burg, when the general inquired about
his health: "Well, general, I am wear
ing myself out. by this continued out
door speaking, but I am standing it
very well under the circumstances, 1
think."
At Union Station, when the Presiden
tial train backed in at 9:20 a. m., there
was a terrific jam, every bit of avail
able space in the immense midway be
ing filled with an enthusiastic crowd of
people anxious to see the chief execu
tive.
The members of the general recep
tion committee, who had preceded the
Presidential train on a Burlington spe-.
cial, lined up, and when President Mc-
Kinley stepped from his car he was
immediately escorted by them to the
Twentieth-street entrance of the Union
Depot and placed in a carriage. The
Twelfth United States Infantry was
drawn up on the north side of Market
street, facing the station and extending
along its enti; - length.
When the President's carriage
wheeled into Market street the veter
ans of Santiago presented arms and the
immense throng that lined both sides
of that thoroughfare broke into cheers.
Hats and handkerchiefs were waved,
and the President was kept busy re
sponding to the noisy welcome. Car
riages containing other members of the
Presidential party and the reception
committee fell in behind that of Mr.
McKinley. The parade then moved east
on Market street, passing east over
the principal streets of the city to the
Southern Hotal.
After the review the President met
the members of the various committees
in the hotel parlors. This over the
doors were thrown open and the gen
eral public was tiven an opportunity to
pass, before the chief executive.
At noon the President spoke to 15,000
people in the hall ' the Merchants'
Exchange, the room in which Samuel J.
Tilden was nominated for President in
1876.
Five full minutes of applause fol
lowed the President's address, mingled
with cries of "Hurrah for Mac," and
"Three cheera tor McKinley."
From the Merchants' Exchange the
President returned to the Southern Ho
tel, where he had luncheon. This after
noon the Presidential party took a drive
through the western section of the city.
The carriages were occupied as in the
morning parade, but they were only ac
companied by a squad of mounted po
lice. Several stops were made en route.
Among the places visited were the St.
Louis High School and Institute. To
night there was a general reception
at the Coliseum in the Exposition
building, where Mr. McKinley made an
address.
The largest crowd under cover that
the President has come in contact with
during his present trip gathered at the
Coliseum to-night to hear his address.
Probably twenty thousand people were
inside the building when the address
was delivered, and twice as many more
were unable to get anywhere within
the sound of his voice. The President
was escorted to the Coliseum by the
president and directors of the exposi
tion. Mr. McKinley walked to the big
stage in the center of the building
while the people filled the air with ter
rific applause and Sousa's bajid played
"Hail to the Chief."
After a short address of welcome by-
President Sampson President McKinley
was presented.
The address of the President was re
ceived by his 20,000 auditors with the
wildest cheers, and at its conclusion
the demonstration was simply inde
scribable. For a short time the Presi
dent then viewed the sights of the St.
Louis Exposition, after which he left
for the train. The departure from the
city was made at 11 o'clock over the
Vandalia road.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
Officers of the Supreme Council for
the Ensuing Two Years.
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 14.— A four days' ses
sion of the Second Supreme Council of
the Young Men's Institute close here yes
terday. Among; other business trans
acted' was the electio^ of the following
officers to serve for 'the ensuing two
years:
Supreme chaplain, Archbishop Ireland,
St. Paul; supreme president, P. J. Klerce,
San Francisco; supreme first vice presi
dent, F. E. Mackentepe, Cincinnati; su
preme second vice president, A. F. St.
Sure, Alameda. Cal. ; supreme secretary,
M. J. Conahan, Pittsburg; superior treas
urer, W. E. Kinney, Cincinnati. Board
of supreme directors— Hon. M. T. jCorco
ran, chairman. Cincinnati; W. J. Kelly
Jr., Pittsburg; John Lynch, Oakland,
Cal.; R. W. Gegg, Denver; Rev. W. B.
Ryan, Winchester, Ky. : M. H. McAniff,
Wilkesbarre, Pa.; Dr. T. H. Morris, San
Francisco; P. J. Bannon, Portland, Or.
BELICS OF SPANISH WABSHIPS.
PORT ANTONIO, Jamaica, Oct. 14.—
The Newark has left here for St. Thomas
to demand possession of the coal belong
ing to the United States.
The collier Leonldas, Commander Moore,
reached here this morning from Guan
tanamo. Commander Moore reports hav
ing on board some of the armament of
Spain's cruisers as relics for the Navy
Department. The » Leonldas will remain
here five days.
Duchess Has a Second Son.
LONDON, Oct. 16.— The Duchess of
Marlborough, formerly Mias Consuelo
Vanderbilt of New York City, gave birth
to a son yesterday. Mother and child
are doing well.
Treaty With Abyssinia.
ROME, Oct. 16.— The Italo says: France
has concluded a treaty with Abyssinia
against England in the Fashoda affair.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weak Stomach
Sensitive to every little indiscretion in
eating, even to exposure to draughts
and to overperspiration— this condition
is pleasantly, positively and perma-
nently overcome by the magic tonic
touch of Hood's Sarsaparilla, which
literally "makes weak stomachs
strong." It also creates an appetite —
makes you feel real hungry, and drives
away all symptoms of dyspepsia. Be
sure to get
Hood's Sarsaparilla
America's Greatest Medicine. All drusgistf .
Kood'c Pill* cure aJI Liver Ills. 25 cents.
SUICIDE WHO HAD
"NO KICK COMING"
Remarkable Letter Left
by Joseph Fleis.
THOUGHT HIMSELF "NO GOOD"
WANTED NO FUNERAL AND NO
GRAVESTONE.
Bequeathed What Little Money He
Had to a Santa Cruz Church
and His Effects to His
Landlord.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 14.— A remarka
ble letter is that left by Joseph Fleis, a
suicide -who was buried to-day from a
local undertaking establishment. Rev.
R. L. McHatton, pastor of the First
Christian Church, conducted the fu
neral services, and interment was made
at the Evergreen Cemetery. Fleis'
farewell letter, which was found in his
trunk, is as follows:
All to whom it may concern and I guess
it don't concern anybody: I don't suppose
. I am good to myself or anybody else, and
therefore might as well get oft the face
of the earth. Whether this is a cup of
bitter woe or not I guess 1 gm elected,
and off I go. I have no kllk coming
against the world, nor its wobbling sur
face, only perhaps, that the world is get
ting too small tor me; and do not suppose
I ever had any business on top of its sur
face on general principles.
I don't think I owe anybody any bills
or money, and if I did overlook anything
1 guess I have enough dough left to pay
for it; and If anybody owes me any
money this pays the bill. Well, I would
suppose it would pay the bill anyhow, for
1 would never get anything. What little
money I had here I sent away to the par
ty or parties whom I cared to have it,
with the exception of the few dollars in
the Bank of Santa Cruz, of which I here
by give and bequeath to the Fi-rst Chris
tian Church of Santa Cruz, as per check
enclosed, three hundred dollars, hereby
authorizing the pastor (I don't know what
his name is. It might be Beans, for that
comes nearest to being mine or anything
I know of now), or any one in authority of
the First Christian Church, to cash or
collect the same. .
If the First Christian Church refuses to
accept same, owi£r to my/ rash act, any
. other denomination may have same by
\| applying for it; and if no other denomin
ation, I guess some one will call for it.
I have no particular reason for giving
the same to the First Christian Church,
j only, perhaps, Che same is in construction
! and incomplete for lark of funds; and
, whether I go into a hole in the ground or
i any place else I rannnt take any of it
along anyway. I do not suppose I belong
to any denomination, and if I did claim
to I would bo no credit to any one any
way, for I don't think any one would care
to recognize me after this act.
However. I believe if one denomina
i tion is good they are all good, regard
| less of creed, providing tuey live up to
thf'r dictates, or. as the fellow says,
, "Practice what they preach," otherwise
;it is all hypocrisy. \P I will go anywhere
else, outside of a hole in the ground, I
trust I won't go any further unless for
the better. I suppose I will be trans
. ferred as assignee to the Missouri De
partment for drying awhile, because I
. am too - — green to burn.
You can bury me wherever you want,
but permit no one to remove me from
here, regardless of party, and I appeal to
tht' authorities for the same. If you
want to place me out in the Pacific
Ocean, where it is good and deep, but
nowhere else. Do not dissect me or per
form any incisions.
I suppose I can give you the Cornner'9
, inquest substantially right here and save
'you unnecessary deliberat.on: "The de
i ceased or fool came to his death
! by deliberately administering laudanum
i by his own hand."
The balance of the money I have left
in the bank here, as per check Inclosed.
I can be used in getting me off the face of
I the earth. I need not say funeral -ex
, penses. for T won't have any. and don't
', give a cent if I do or not. There is about
i $50 fnr a cask, coffin; or. T suppose, a flry
; goods-box will do. Five dollars for a hole
in the ground and $5 for a space on top.
Tne balancp can be used for incidental
expenses. If thero is any left you can
also apply the same to the Christian
i Church. You need not place a grave
i marker or anything else on my grave,
! but let the weeds prow good, and plenty
I of them, and then I know I will get what
i I call for. What T have said here I sent
away, and that settles the whole outfit
without causing any one unnecessary ex
pense of coming here. What few traps I
nave here at the house the house can
keep or take or burn, for all I care. Be
cause I did not blow In all my dough is
not my fault. I have tried to do so, and
still have it.
Well, old boy. T guess you have talked
too much already. You might as well
come to the front, pass in your checks
and close your lamps. Good-by to all.
F.
P. S.— Express my typewriter and watch
to P. A. Demartini. Fairbank. Ariz.
To Georpe Nicola the deceased left
the following letter:
"Friend George: What few things
you have put in your place you can
keep. Good-by. F."
-c maintenance of the Sultan's
harem costs Turkey about $15,000,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. Yes, 'tis needless to try to get at the bottom of the market on almost
anything unless you secure prices from a strictly cash store that covets
trade and tries to give its patrons the best bargains in the market. We
have several hundred thousand needles, direct import-, in, at less than
half the maker's cost. We shall offer these to the needle buyers at a
price that will cause them to say "Surely they are not good." We say try
them. On; cnt a paper, all sizes; to the retail or jobbing merchant in 1000
lots or over, 25 cents a thousand. Double your money and still be less than
the first cost elsewhere.
1-CENT BARGAINS. 25-CENT BARGAINS.
l^erp^efaV^s:::::::::::::::::::::| 10 00 Imported needles, 40 papers 25c
1 paper pins, regular sizes lc 10 i bs . unpltted plums, good ones 25c
1 paper 5c hairpins.... lc 1 large 8 c package Knorr's soup 25c
1 aluminum thimble .......lo 1 pair girls' rubbers, heels, 2',. 3, 3'i 25c
1 perforated motto to worK ..ic 5 hanks Saxony yarn, assorted B quality.. ..23c
,1 10c asbestos fire klndler lc 7 ] apg 4 . foW zephyr 6c kind... M .....25c
1 little Jlnko basket fancy work ....lc j palr men , s oopr pp b * y s' working gi™""::...**
1 fish line that boys like lc 6 wlsp brooms, good medium quality 25c
5/^CMT RfIDT./ilN^ I lbs; dry nectarines, closing 25c
-V-fclN I -Lj/Ar\VJ/\ll~^. S pairs ladies' every-day hose ....25c
1 covered slate and pencil 5c
1 box 25 moth balls, sure 5c (Ti Art DAnrAIWC
1 game to amuse children.. ...5c i^I.UU LJ/\ X VJr\l J
1 handsome child's picture book 6c ■ ,'
1 child's autograph album 5c » lbs. fine French prunes $1 00
1 pair gray stockings. 5, 5Vi. 6, chi1d'5.. .......6c 16H lbs. fine granulated sugar 1 00
1 lb army crackers 5c • ladies' or misses', trimmed hat 100
i lbs mariner's toast, extra ..5c 16 yards tennis flannel, light or dark 1 00 i
„.,_ __ _ _."_. "_ _ .-,-, - 25 yards dress calico, dark, medium 100 j
ir\ rCWI KARCiAINS 20 yards good unbleached family muslin.... 100 i
IU-ViCn I unrv\jnuu. ,20 yards bleached muslin, general use 100
6 spools cotton, black or white, B quality.. .loc , 20 yards unbleached Canton flannel 100
1 pair ladles' black taffeta gloves 10c , 1 ladies' cape, fur on collar 1 00
1 Jar Jam or Jelly.- home-made....... ..........10c j 25 handkerchiefs for everybody 1 00
1 fancy cup and saucer.. .•. l c 2 gold rings, choice of stock 100
1 ladies' hat. 3-bit kind..... 10c 1 pair ladies' fine kid gloves 100
6 cakes white toilet soap 10c; 4 pairs ladies 50c ribbed pants,' small 100
ALL DEPARTMENTS OPEN SATURDAY UNTIL 8 O'CLOCK.
SPECIAL JARGAIHS. £* MIMWMM§S
1 little alarm clock, $1 grade .*.s■ 65 B^M' « W >B-A
12 little "middy" suits. $3 kind, Bto 7 yrs.. 100 « I£hJ @*"E s U *^i« v»
Galvanized- washtubs, formerly $2 50, larg- _ \V^y M | M H "I ; "
$65 sewing machines, few left ".20 00 £jFV /m *P> Bcm < g-v ■■ Vet. r^. _•
$12 hatracks, tew to cl,« 700«. fM ftU P4! t£X * U C J ii ES \L
$3 50 croquet sets, season out, now. ;.;"! 50 • *V* ■ B %^ I W^L Um>
Baking powder, 1 lb.. high grade.. 0 QR.Q7 Mftpket ftt-- _* F
Men's sample hats, about TO left 60 QK.Q7 /Vl flpket 5>1"« i> F<
Ladies' $850 sweaters, overstocked......:... 200 ■;•***. "* * IVIUI HWlOltjO.r.
•' 1 iwii 1 1 11 niWißnitfiiwrniti'ilfcii Ar-wrm<i r«"n~-rTiiiTirtTri->nr"intir «"n~-rTiiiTirtTri->nr"inti 1 un'i r • ' ■ - .--■.■-■
STATIONS BUILT
ALONG THE YUKON
Winter Posts on the
Trail to Dawson.
SEMI-MONTHLY DOG TRAIN
MAIL AND EXPRESS TO BE CAR
RIED OVER THE ICE.
An Enormous Fortune Realized by
Men Who Drove Beef Cattle
Into the Klondike
Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 14.— The Arctic
Express Company has completed ar
rangements for maintaining a semi
monthly dog train mail and express
service to Dawson over the ice, com
mencing November 4. A few weeks ago
a large scow loaded with lumber and
eighteen carpenters started down the
Yukon. It has left a trail of substan
tial winter cabins behind it. Every fif
ty miles the scow would tie up to the
bank and in two days its carpenters
would construct a cabin 16x24 feet, even
to floor and chinking.
Following the carpenters' scow others
loaded with provisions were sent down.
Each cabin wae given a supply of food
of every kind. During the winter these
supplies will be sold to parties coining
out over the ice. The last scows took
the mployes. many of whom had their
wives with them. Several relays of dog
teams will be kept at each station.
The list of stations and the distance
between from Bennett to Dawson fol
lows: Tagish Post, 55 miles; White
Horse, -50 miles; foot Lake Lebarge, 58
miles; Big Salmon, 66 miles; Little Sal
mon, G6 miles; Five Finger, 60 miles;
Fort Selkirk, 60 miles; Stewart, 60
miles; Dawson, 60 miles.
President Rattenbury of the Arctic
Express Company made these details
public to-day.
Arthur Spiess has returned from
Dawson, where he went as manager of
Pat Galvin's cattle expedition, which
drove a thousand head of beef in over
the Dalton trail. They were driven
leisurely, with the result that the catiie
fattened during the trip. Only six died
before reaching Fort Selkirk, where the
herd was slaughtered and thence rafted
to Dawson. Four butcher shops were
opened there, beef selling at $1 25 per
pound retail and 55 cents wholesale,
netting a fortune for Galvin and Spiess.
Henry Blackwood of Oregon drove in
265 cattle over the Dalton trail and also
made a good stake. He says that the
net profits on the first fifteen butchered !
and retailed amounted to $8000.
Word came to-day that George Gais- |
ford of Dawson lost several hundred
hogs which he drove over White Pass :
and was taking down the Yukon. They
were loaded on scows which were be
ing towed by a small steamer. The
scows grounded on an invisible bar and
the entire lot of swine was lost over
board. _________^^__
CHURCH UNITY THE
AB3ORBING THEME
Deputies and Bishops of the Episco
palian Conference Discuss In
teresting Topics.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— Church unity
was again the absorbing topic before the
house of deputies of the Episcopalian
conference to-day, the discussion of yes
terday being continued on Rev. Dr.Hunt
ington's proposition to broaden the scope
of the church by permitting Bishops to
take under spiritual guidance outside
congregations not conforming strictly to
the Episcopal liturgy.
The final disposition of the question
went over until Monday.
The house of Bishops adopted a propo
sition extending the offenses for which
Bishops may be tried to include "conduct
unbecoming a Bishop." Another 'amend
ment adopted extends the provision
against alienating church property.
The Bishops discussed and passed arti
cles IV, VII and VIII of the amendments
to the constitution, already passed by
the house. Article VII covers the "pro
vincial system."
Nominations were made for the vacant
bishoprics in North Dakota, Sacramento
and Boise, but the names were withheld
until final action is taken.
At 2:30 both houses adjourned In order
to permit the Bishops and deputies, some
400 in number, to start on the pilgrimage
to Jamestown Island, near Richmond,
Va., where 300 years ago the church was
first established in America.
Calvin Fairbanks Dead.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Calvin Fair
banks, the abolitionist, is dead at his
home in Angelica, N. V., aged S2 years.
He was twice sentenced to prison in Ken
tucky for violation of the slave laws.
ADVERTISEMENTS* 1
OPENING
Of New Fall
and Winter
UNDERWEAR,
HOSIERY,
NECKWEAR,
SHIRTS, Etc.
RELIABLE GOODS.
POPULAR PRICES.
Eagieson & Co.
748 and 750 Market St.
242 Montgomery St.
Dissolution of Co Partnership Sale.
$125,000 Worth of Fine Shoes to Be Sold
at Less Than Manufacturer's Cost.
PL ■ $2.10
We are selling for the next 4 days only—
LADIES' FINE VICI KID LACE . •
SHOE. Goodyear welt soles, for
winter wear, new coin tee. falr.<j?O If\
stitched, reduced t0... <JJ^slVr
Sold elsewhere for 13 BO and ti.
LADIES' FINE DONGOLA BUT-
TON or LACE SHOES, new coin £1 irk
toe. all sizes, reduced to tJJl»tvr
SCHOOL COMME 'CES MONDAY— We
have placed on sale over IO,OUO pair of
Chi drill's School Sho-is at less than one-
hal? of or.«>i al cost
CHILDREN'S PEBBLE GOAT
SCHOOL SHOES, sizes SVi to 12, re ftff
duced to OOt
BOYS' VEAL CALF LACE SHOES, coin toe:
Sizes im to 2 ...Reduced to BSe
Sizes 2-2 to SJ-i5 J -i Reduced to 95u
CHILDREN'S ALASKA SEAL
LACE SHOES, sizes 8% to 11, re- <£ ] f\{\
duceci to tpi»v{Vf
INFANTS' PATENT LEATHEROC/>
SHOES, reduced to AUv
The above ar ■ but a few of the Big Bar-
gains now on sate in oil our departments. ..
Country orders solicited. . a
THE MONARCH SHOE CO i
1384 and 1390 Mark.-t Street. 1
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THE
ISSUES OF THE DAY AT
TEUTONIA HALL,
HOWARD STREET, NEAR TENTH,
THIS (SATURDAY EVENING, OCT. 15. 189J,
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee.
M. JASPER MCDONALD. Chairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH. Secretary.
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
ttEPURLICAN. NON-PARTISAN AKJ POP-
ULIST NOMINEE.
W COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL
FO/? CORONER
AND THE DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
wie bhl¥b¥di
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC. NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE.
DR. ED. E. HILL
Fop CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.
FOR AUDITOR. . .
JOHN H.GR/\DY
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.WHAT LAWS
NOW GOVERN
THE ISLANDS?
Mooted Questions as
to Hawaii.
AFTERMATH OF ANNEXATION
COMPLICATIONS MAY ARISE BE
FORE CONGRESS ACTS.
Acting Attorney General Boyd of the
Opinion That Regulations Appli
cable to All Territories
Will Hold Good.
..'.! Pi spat eh to The Tall.
Call < 'iTVe, Rlggs House,
Washington, Oct. 14.
What laws have general dominion
over Hawaii? Wore United States
statutes, which govern our Territories,
applied to the Sandwich Islands when
Congress rut i lied annexation? These
are questions which have occupied a
great deal of attention of judicial cir
cles in Washington the past week.
Under what laws would an offense
described by our Territorial Federal
laws be punished if committed at this
time in Plonolulu?
This and kindred questions were
brought to the attention of the Depart
ment of Justice early this week by the
Comptroller of Currency in com,
with the establishment of the First Xa- i
tionaj Bank of Hawaii, in which prom- !
inent San Franciscans are understood !
to be interested.
When an opinion was asked by the ,
Comptroller of Currency upon the part)
of the Department of Justice ques- ■
tions much deerer and more serious
than the establishment of a bank arose.
It is known that at this time customs
duties, internal revenue and postal re- !
ceipts are being husbanded by the na- j
tive authorities in Hawaii to be ac
counted for to the United States Gov
ernment ass - the bill which the;
Hawaiian will recommend I
has b< • . which will be in the j
earliest days in ; session of. Congress,
which conv< nes In December.
If a crime were to be committed in j
ection with the handling 1 of these
funds the question ariseß, How would
the offender be punished? If there ,
should be an infraction of international ;
it this juncture would the native
Hawaiian Government or the Govern
ment of the United States enter into
negotiations with the foreign powers I
Involved for adjudication? If treason
were to develop in the Hawaiian Isl- I
amis at this time would it be treason ;
against the United States or treason j
nst Hawaii? Unquestionably those
islands were annexed to the United
States by the act of July 7, after the
islands were turned over to the United
States Commission which was re- j
cently in Honolulu. If treason I
in Hawaii would be punished
as an offense against the United
States, then the question arises,
Were not all of the Federal statutes
that apply to ordinary territory of the
United States extended to Hawaii when
it was made possible to punish a man
for treason by act of annexation?
No formal opinion has yet been ren»
dered by the Attorney General, and in
view of the fact that Congress meets
on the sth of December, which is only
about six weeks hence, and Territorial
laws are to be immediately extended by
Congress over the Sandwich Islands, it
is believed that a formal decision by
the Department of Justice will not be
made. It is generally held at the De
partment of Justice that any crime |
committed under the circumstances In \
Hawaii described by our Federal
statutes would be punished thereunder
and our Territorial statutes made ap. I
plic-able to the situation.
So far as the establishment of a na- i
tional bank at this time in Hawaii is !
concerned, it is believed that the pro- I
jectors will not insist upon immediate !
action, as there will be legislation at j
the hands of Congress specifically au
thorizing the issuance of a charter for
a national bank by the time the bank
could possibly be established and bank i
notes printed for circulation.
Acting Attorney General Jamcp B.
Boyd, speaking to-day of the authority
of the Comptroller of Currency to issu^ i
at this time a charter for a national
bank in Hawaii, paid:
"What I have to say on this subject
is, under the circumstances, entirely j
unofficial and upon my personal r^spon- '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
—^^- Hi ii What a man
frtrTiTfSn^^ fnP ///attains to seems
/MKgJgL a little time
fnMWMi^T-^tJjJ to be the hi & h -
// %&&&£ **S*j£}CV ! nestn est rung in the
// I a|^^^i-^ ; ~lV I ladder, and dur
II ml' ——~S?4fT I ft?% that k" ef pe-
ll sr V>»?na — IJ=JJ " o<l be may be
Vi ■ / v \m /[) "jl content, but when
\*A JBSm /if hi be discovers that
\jc N JbS if /a ** er e a . c other
l*\jr^Jtl 1 / rungs, still higher
C iZt^lt**^/ up, ambition gives
WLji ▼T'P' T7 birth to discontent,
l&f \ W //and he berins once
ljj£?V \ jfy if more to climb. To
Ig§\ \fY \IJ climb is really man's
• P. fj=!^»/ chief end. It isn't in
I tVI/^yy attainment, but in
r f // wor^> that man finds his
\ 1 H real happiness, conse-
f}i/)±jl quently it is not strange
ZyljjW/'that we find men working
/ ifi un til they break down
"' when there is no real
necessity for it.
If men only knew it. they could work to
almost any extent on through middle life
end into old age, if they would only take a
little common sense care of their health.
Th*e trouble is that they do not take the lit-
tle stitches here and there that are neces-
sary to preserve health. They pay no at-
tention to the signs of on-coming ill-health.
A little biliousness, a little indigestion, a
little loss of sleep and appetite, a little
nervousness, a little headache, a little
shakiness in the morning, and a little dull-
ness all day, a little this and a little that-
all these little things they neglect. Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery makes I
the appetite keen, digestion and assimila- j
tion perfect, the Hver active, the blood pure !
and the nerves steady. It is the great j
blood-maker and flesh-builder. It is the
great liver invigorator and nerve tonic. It
fits a man to work and work and work.
Medicine dealers sell it and have nothing
else "just as good."
" I was a sufferer five or six year* from Indi-
featlon," writes B. F. Holmes, of Gaffney,
partanburg Co., S. C. " also from sore stomach
and constant headache. I then used Dr. Picrce's
Golden Medical Discovery and ' Pleasant Pel-
lets,' which in a few days gave me permanent
relief."
A man or woman who neglects constipa- j
tion suffers from slow poisoning. Doctor |
Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure constipa- i
tion. One little " Pellet "is a gentle laxa- '
tive, and two a mild cathartic. All medi-
cine dealers sell them.
sibility, and should be regarded as the
opinion of a lawyer, and not that ot
the acting Attorney General.
"The resolution of Congress- approved
on the 7th of July, IS9S, anneaed thb
Hawaiian Islands as a part of the ter
ritory of the United States, and mads
them subject to sovereign dominion
thereof. This constituted said islands,
as much a part of the territory of the
United States as any other of its Ter«
ritorial domain, and made it as much
a subject to the general powers and
authority of the Government of the
United States as any other of its terri
tory. It is true that the resolution
says that municipal legislation of the
Hawaiian Islands not inconsistent with
this joint resolution nor contrary to the
constitution of the United States, noi
any existing treaty of the United
States, shall remain in force until the
Congress of the United States shall
otherwise determine. Instead of quail-.
fying the general authority of the Gov
ernment* of the United States over the
islands, this provision expressly says
that municipal laws, in order to remain
in force, must not be inconsistent with
this resolution. Any one, therefore, of
the municipal laws which is contrary
to the general laws of the United
States would be inconsistent because
such municipal law would interfere
with the complete dominion of this
Government. It may be that the Ha
waiian Islands have local laws in re
gard to the establishment of banks and
other local institutions; but this does
not interfere with the right of the Gov
ernment to authorize the organization
of a national bank in this territory, be
cause national banking laws are gen
eral and vest authority In the Comp
troller of Currency to authorize the or
ganization of national banks in any
part of the territory of the United
States. There is scarcely a State in
the American Union that does not have
some local legislation authorizing the
establishment of local banks, or State
Institutions with banking powers; still
this does not interfere with the gen
eral power of the Government to au
thorize the organization of national
hanks in such States. Such condition
might exist in any Territory where
there is a Territorial Legislature. The
Legislature might authorize the estab
lishment of local banks, and yet au
thority to organize national banks
would still exist.
"After looking over this matter and
considering it and the wording of the
resolution, with the qualifications
above indicated, I am of the opinion
that the Comptroller of Currency is as
much authorized to charter a national
hank in the Territory of Hawaii as in
that of Oklahoma or Alaska, which lat
ter is undisputed."
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Adjutant General Barrett Presents
the State's War Claim Against
the Government.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 14.— General Bar
rett of California to-day presented the
claim of the State of California against
1 the Government for expenses incurred In
I fitting out the volunteers of California in
• the war against Spain to the Auditor of
1 the War Department. General Barrett
: will be given a hearing before the Audi
tor on Wednesday of next week, when it
I is supposed that the claim will be ac- j
cepted, as the chief clerk of the Auditor, I
j when handed the papers remarked:
| "Everything seems to have come up to
I the requirements of the Go /eminent, and
I am glad to say that California has
jirf-.^tnted her claim in first-class condi
tion and it will not take the department
i very long to settle it."
It was found that the Government is
not allowing claims for anything bought
or expenses incurred after June 8. This
was the day that the bill passed Cnn
i gress which provided for paying expenses
up to that day, and all expenses after
that date will need extra appropriation |
from Congress. As the amount d_ue Cal
ifornia for work after that day is very
small. General Barntt does not see why
California shoulcj complain.
The Secretary of the Interior has issued
an order patenting 160 acres of land in
the La Grande district of Oregon to the
Northern Pacific Railroad.
The Secretary of the Interior has re
versed the decision in the case of the-
Southern Pacific Railroad against Robert
H. Austin. The Southern Pacific Rail
road made an appeal from the depart
ment's decision of February 10, 1897, re
fusing to reinstate its indemnity selection
of lots in the Vlsalia distrct of Calfornia.
Robert H. Austin's homestead entry will '
be canceled and the selection made by thfe
company will be reinstated.
Postal receipts for San Francisco for
the month of September, IS9S, were $76,
985, while for the same month last year
they were $72,420. an increase of $4559, or
6.2 per cent. Those for Los Angeles In
the year IS9B were $15,984. and for 1897, $15.
318, an increase of $650, or 4.2 per cent.
Receipts from the postoffice at Portland
Or., were in IS9B. $16,110, while in the pre
ceding year and the .same month they
were only $12,900, an increase in the
amount of $210, or 15.8 per <•> nt.
Pensions have been granted as follows-
California— Original: Nathaniel B. Lu
cas, San Francisco, $8: Dennis Corcoran,
Los Angeles. $6; David C. Hay, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6; Owen Finn, San
Francisco, $6; John Gleeson, San Fran
cisco, $6. Increase— Moritz F. Thieme San
Diego, $S to $10; Charles Gardiner Rio
Vista, $6 to $10. Original widows— Minor
of Henry F. West, Loyalton, $10; Rebecca
QuHlin, Hanford. $S.
Washington— Original widows, etc.—Al
mira Hamilton, Seattle, $8.
A postoffice has been established at Es
calon. San Joaquin County, Cal., with Al
exander Lamasney as postmaster.
AN OVATION TO
SHAFTER AT OMAHA
OMAHA, Oct. 14.— Major General Wil
liam R. Shafter was accorded a most gen
i erous welcome by Omaha to-day. When
. his train arrived in the morning a large
I number of people had gathered at the
. station to greet the hero of Santiago.
I Later on, at the exposition grounds, the
i manifestations of love and respect -or tne
general were everywhere in evidence.
i The anticipated presence or. General
Shafter filled the auditorium with a
crowd that was as large and patriotic as
PnfwtaHV" gave General Miles such an
enthusiastic ovation the day before
Every -seat was filled, arfd hundreds of
people stood in the lobby and the vacant
portions of the gallery. General Shafter
and President Wattles headed the party
and as soon as the blue and gold of tne
general's uniform was perceived the audi
ence rose to its feet spontaneously and
| greeted him with an ovation of hand
clapping and cheers. The band played a
I patriotic melody while the somewhat
| numerous party was being seated
General Shafter was introduced as the
first speaker, and the crowd rose nr.J
cheered him again and again with a vigor
that fairly shook the bunting that hunir
lavishly from arch and pillar. Shatter's
address was a plain, matter of fact ois
j cusslon of the Cuban campaign and his
simple presentation of the main events of
the campaign was far more effective than
j the most exalted oratorical effort from
' one who had not participated in the struc-
I gle. One or two statements made by the
general are new. He said that with the
fall of El Caney the campaign was prac
tically over. It was simply necessary ho
said, to convince the Spanish commander
that his case was hopeless. He eventually
surrendered, and with our small army we
had captured 23.376 prisoners, 12,000 of
I whom were beyond our reach.
ALBRECHT SURPRISES ALL
BY PLEADING GUILTY
Bigamist Sentenced to Three Years'
Imprisonment and to Pay a
Thousand Dollars.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 14.— The case of
Charles Albrecht, iorger, perjurer and
supposed to be thrice married, took a
sudden turn to-day when it came uj> in
Department 2 of the Superior Court. All
through the case Albrecht has stoutly
maintain^ lie was not the man wanted,
and no amount of Influence could succeed
in shaking his testimony. When the case
was called this afternoon he pleaded
guilty to the charge of bigamy and was {
sentenced by Judge Burnett to three
in Folsom and to pay a fine of $1000. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
MILITARY MEN
IN CONSPIRACY
Plot to Overthrow the
French Government.
GENERALS ARE IMPLICATED
IT IS ALLEGED THAT PRINCE
LOUIS IS INVOLVED.
If Brisson's Cabinet Is Turned Out
Serious Complications With.
England Might
Follow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. 14.— 1t is announced here
this morning that a military plot
against the Government has been dis
covered. The Rappel, Aurore and Pe
tite Republique Francaise publish al
most identical stories on the subject.
It appears that the plot was discovered
by a general holding- an important po
sition. The plotters were to have taken
action on Saturday, during the ab
sence of the Minister of War, General
Chanoine. It further appears that
when the Government was warned of
the plot the Ministers were not sur
prised, having already obtained infor
mation regarding the conspiracy.
The Matin says the plot was not in
favor of one of the pretenders to the
throne of France, who has been talked
about for some time, but was only for
the purpose of changing certain offi
cials of the Government without touch
ing the President.
The Premier, M. Brisson was among
those who were not surprised when no
tified ofuhe plot. He promises to take
action in the matter.
The Government officials here refuse
to furnish any information regarding
the discovery of the plot, but It is ru
mored this afternoon that the conspi
racy involved Prince Louis Bonaparte,
a colonel of Russian Lancers, In whose
favor his elder brother, Prince Victor
Bonaparte, recently resigned the lead
ership of the Imperial party. It Is
added that certain political personages
handed the Premier Important docu
ments, including a cipher dispatch com
promising certain military men. The
Minister of War has recalled his an
nounced intention of leaving Paris.
The Liberte asserts that the military
men alleged to have been concerned In
the conspiracy are Generals Boisedef
fre and Pellieux. Attempts, it is added,
were also made to compromise General
Zurllnden, the military Governor of
Paris, who, for a short time, was Min
ister of War.
According to the Jour, the rumor of
the plan arose from a forged letter pur
porting to have been sent by General
Boisedeffre to General Zurlinden, con
taining the words: "Let us be ready
for Saturday."
The semi-official Temps this evening
minimizes the affair and says the offi
cials of the Ministry of War formally
deny that a plot existed. The Temps
suggests that misinterpretation was
placed on some of the numerous dis
patches now bein- exchanged between
the different garrisons in connection
with the present movements of troops,
which led to the strange reports of
plots.
SITUATION AT PARIS
REGARDED SERIOUS
LONDON, Oct. 14.— The situation in
Paris is regarded in well informed
quarters here as being more serious
than it has been at any time since the
commune.
The St. James Gazette this afternoon
says: A military .revolution, however
peaceful, which replaces the Brisson
Cabinet with the nominees of the gen
erals, would Imperil the relations be
tween England and France almost to
the breaking poin,t. The semi-official
and partly inspired Paris papers are
-still pretending that negotiations are
proceeding between the two Govern
ments, and France believes It, although
everybody In England knows the state
ment to be ridiculous. Even supposing
Major Marchand is unconditionally
withdrawn from Fashoda, the difficul
ties with France will in no way end.
Behind it lies the whole question of the
Bahr-el-Ghazel, the richest prize in
the Soudan.
The Paris correspondent of the Times
says: It is impossible to obtain clear
proofs of the existence of a plot, but
the idea of an act of force haunts cer
tain military minds. Maddened and
stung by violent criticisms of the army
arising out of the Dreyfus affair, they
are especially irritated at the attitude
of the civilians in claiming to interfere
In the detention of Colonel Picquart,
for which the entire military authority
Is responsible. Looking to the excited
state of the men's minds at the present
time and the conflict between the mili
tary and civil authorities, It Is only
surprising that such alarms are not
more frequent.
RAILROAD MEN
REFUSE TO STRIKE
PARIS, Oct. 14.— The Railroad "Work
ers' Union has posted placards ordering
a strike to-day, urging the strikers
to refrain from violence and Informing
the public that if danger threatens the
country the strikers will immediately
return to their posts. This strike in
cludes the Algerian provinces.
In spite of the placarding the threat
ened general strike did not take place.
The workmen stopped to read the pla
cards announcing the strike, but there
was no disorder. Nearly all the labor
ers are at work and the railroad service
is uninterrupted, the railroad men hav
ing apparently ignored the decision of
the committee representing them.
JOHN MILLER DIES
ON THE SCAFFOLD
Pays the Penalty at San Quentin for
the Murder of James W.
Childs.
RAN QUENTIN PRISON, Oct. 14.— An
uplifted hand as a sign to cut the rope, a
brief Jnterval of suspense, and the body
of Jotfn Miller, the crippled carpenter who
murdered James W. Childs, shot through
the trapdoor in expiation of his crime at
10:30 o'clock this morning, two years after
the commission of the deed. The execu
tion was attended by a horrible feature,
the head of the murderer being partly
several because of his great weight.
An hour and a half prior to his death
Miller's attitude toward religion changed,
and he was received into the Catholic
church by Rev. Father Lagan of San
Rafael. The sacrament and last rites of
the church were administered, and tjje
doomed man professed himself ready for
the end. Preceded by the priest, he
mounted the scaffold, closely supported
by two guards, and took his place on the
trap. His knees trembled, and be was
barely able to stand, while the fingers of
his hands twitched nervously. The noose
was adjusted, and Miller's lips moved in
mute response to a good-by from Father
Lagan. The black cap was drawn and
then came the end.
The crime for which Miller answered
with his life was the murder of James W.
Childs in San Francisco in November,
1896. He had been jilted by Mrs. Nellie
Ryan, and was pursuing her from the
house with a revolver, when Childs tried
to prevent a murder and was shot as he
grappled with the infuriated cripple. The
case has been fought in the courts on
various technicalities for nearly two
years. •
CONCLUSION OF KNIGHTS
TEMPLAR CONCLAVE
Newly Chosen Officers Installed and
Appointments Made by the
Grand Master.
PITTSBURG, Oct. 14.— Executive busi
ness occupied the fourth and closing day's
session of the Grand Encampment,
Knights Templar, at Carnegie Hall to
day. The special order of business was
the consideration of proposed revision of
the constitution. The most important
amendment proposed was the one to lo
cate the Grand Encampment headquar
ters in Washing-ton, thus providing for
the storage of all archives of the en
campment in that city.
This was voted down and a compromise
amendment adopted providing th.it in '.he
event of a city not desiring to entertain
the Grand Encampment on the occasion
of any future triennial conclave, the
Grand Encampment will meet in Wash
ington. The date of the meeting Is to be
decided by the four chief officers of the
Grand Encampment.
The new grand officers were then In
stalled with impressive ceremonies, after
which Grand Master Lloyd announced
the following appointments: Grand pre
late, J. W. Cox of Iowa; grand standard
bearer. Lee S. Smith of Pittsburg; grand
sword-bearer, Arthur McArthur of Troy,
N. V. : grand captain of the guard,
Charles <\ Vogt. Louisville; grand war
den. Harper M. Orahood of Denver; com
mittee on jurisprudence, James H. Hop
kins, Washington. D. C, Enoch T. Car
son, Ohio; Joseph W. Fellows, New
Hampshire; H. C. Witt, Kentucky; Nich
olas R. Ruckle. Indiana; committee on
foreign relations, Johnson Smith. Illinois;
R. E. Withers, Virginia; J. P. S. Gobin,
Pennsylvania: Hugh McCurdy, Michigan;
Warren Lame Thomas, Maryland; finance
committee, W, H. Sole, Massachusetts;
George W. Kendrick, Pennsylvania;
Julius L. Bevan, Georgia; J. A. Witherax,
Washington: A. H. Wagner, Wisconsin.
The conclave then adjourned sine die.
The first to come and the last to go is
what the Pittsburg newspapers will say
to-morrow of the California delegation to
the Knights Templar conclave. The head
quarters of California Commandery No.
1 In the Carnegie building were closed
this forenoon. Many of the decorations,
all the silverware and glass used and
some of the furniture was packed and
made ready for shipment home. The
party began to disintegrate to-day.
EXECUTION OF EX-CHIEF
OF POLICE G. H. JACKS
Claimed to Be Innocent and Refused
Religious Consolation Until He
Approached the Gallows.
CHICAGO Oct. 14.— George H. Jacks,
formerly Chief of Police at Muskegon,
Mich., and John Druggan, both convicted
murderers, were hanged on the same
scaffold In the County Jail this after
noon. Some time before the hanging
Jacks sent the following letter to the
jailer:
"Mr. Whitman— My Dear Sir: Please
do not let any of the clergy in to see me.
If I, an innocent man, be hanged to-day,
without the right to have the highest
court in the land pass upon my case,
which has been all prepared at great ex
pense to myself and labor to my friends;
if I am refused this right, which every
man is entitled to. there certainly can
be no God above us, and in that case
the clergy can do no good. So please do
not allow any to see me. Yours
"GEORGE H. JACKS."
This request was complied with. Jacks
prayed constantly while the noose and
shroud were being adjusted. Just before
going to the gallows Jacks, notwithstand
ing his remarkable letter, consented to
be accompanied by a priest. On the way
he repeated aloud after the priest the
prayers which the latter voiced. Jacks
was very much agitated. "Oh Lord, have
mercy on my soul," were the last words
of Jacks.
Jacks was convicted of the murder of
Andrew J. McGhee, an aged collector and
solicitor, whom Jacks, assisted by Wil
liam J. Willows, now serving fourteen
years for complicity in the crime, de
coyed into an apartment house on In
diana avenue for the purpose of robbery.
Jacks had a long criminal record. When
Chief of Police of the Michigan city he
also held the position of deputy United
States Marshal, and was a member of
the Fire Department. While holding these
official positions he committed a long
series or burglaries, for which he was
finally convicted and sentenced to the
Michigan penitentiary for four years.
Upon his release he came to Chicago and
returned to his old mode of living. Jacks
was out on bond for a burglary when he
was arrested on the charge of murder.
Druggan was convicted of the murder
of Robert Gudgeon, a saloon-keeper,
whom Druggan attempted to rob.
THIEVING TRAMP
MORTALLY WOUNDED
Shot by Officers While Trying to Es-
cape, He Dies While Being
Removed.
SAN BERNARDINO. Oct. 14.— A tramp
was kiyed at Highland this morning: by
Constable Pike's posse. He had been
hanging around the neighborhood several
days, begging, stealing and" annoying and
insulting women and girls. On Tuesday
night he was seen to enter a barn near
Patton Springs by Santa Fe Agent Sav
age to steal a harness. Constable Pike
ran him down Wednesday afternoon on
the edge of a section o? rough, bushy
country, but while dismounting to follow
him he escaped. This morning a posse
took the trail. When discovered he re
fused to surrender and tried to escape by
running. He was shot in the leg by Eu
gene Worley, one of the posse. A mes
senger was dispatched for a physician.
The wounded man was placed in a wagon
to be brought to this city. He died before
reaching Highland. He was the man who
had caused so much trouble by petty
thieving and frightening isolated families.
On being searched, $46 in money and two
gold watches were found, also papers
showing his name to be John Rosenberg
of Cutler, F4a. _ /
WHEELMAN STEVENS
LOWERS A RECORD
CAPE GIRARDTCAT T , Mo., Oct. 14.— A
world's record time in competition was
made to-day in the final of the one-third
mile Increased point championship, de
cided at the closing day's races of the
national circuit meet in this city, the
credit for the record going to Orlando
Stevens, winner of his first sixty-point
championship this season. The time was
40 seconds. Arthur Gardiner finished
within Inches of Stevens, and so close
that doubt was cast upon the decision of
the judges in awarding the i*ce to Ste
vens. At the close of the races to-night
the championship standing is:
Kimble 206, Bald 185, Taylor 183. Gardiner
' 148. Stevens 142, McFarland 138. Cooper 109,
Freeman 73, Fisher 35. The championship con
test finished to-night.
Third of a mile, national championship —
Stevens won, Gardiner second, Owen Kimble
third. Time, :40.
One mile handicap, profpHsional— James Bow
ler (75) won, W. E. Becker (70) second, Owen
Kimble (30) third. Time. 2:06.
Two-mile handicap, professional — Orlando
Stevens CSO) won, Floyd McFarland (25) second,
Dr. Brown (150) third. Time. 4:56.
:.,- •"— 7- -/
Stanford Beats Kansas Men.
STANFORD, Oct. 14.— The game this
afternoon between Stanford and the Kan
sas Volunteers was a game full of sensa
tional plays and errors. The score: Stan
ford 15, Kansas 11.
Wanted in Rocklin.
L,orenzo Puccinelli, wanted In Rocklin
for criminally assaulting a twelve-year
old girl, was arrested at Crystal Springß
yesterday by Detective Gelmann. He
was brought to this city last night and
locked up in the City Prison. Ho will
be taken to Bocklln to-day, j
SERIOUS BREACH
BETWEEN CUBANS
Masso Wants InsurgeQts to Dis
band, but Gomez Refuses
to Comply.
HAVANA, Oct. 14.— 1t is generally believed that a serious breach
has taken place between the executive department of the Cuban re
public and the leaders of the military forces.
Word was' received here to-day that General Wood at Santiago
had received through Colonel Ray a communication from President
Masso advising that nothing be done by the Americans that can in
any way be construed as recognizing the Cuban Government.
Masso has been joined by his colleagues In declaring the time
has arrived for disbanding the Cuban forces. He advises all soldiers to
return to their homes, there to resume their labors as before the in
surrection. He gives the assurance that in so doing they will serve
their own best interests and will be safe in the hands of the Ameri
cans.
This course will be vigorously qombated by General Gomez. Gen
eral Juan Ducasse, one of the closest advisers of General Gomez, ar
rived in Havana to-night to consult with the opponents of President
Masso and all those who favor the Cuban republic and oppose further
American intervention. General Ducasse declares that Gomez will
lead the insurgents back into the field before he will submit to dis
arming them while American and Spanish soldiers remain in Cuba,
PAINTINGS ADMIRED
BY THE MULTITUDE
WINTER, EXHIBITION OF THE
ART INSTITUTE A SUCCESS.
Local Artists Present the Work of
Months to an Admiring
Public.
A critical garnering of lovers of art
passed throujru the spacious rooms of the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art yesterday
and inspected the many hundred paint
ings exhibited by local artists. Through
out the day visitors with catalogues in
hand studied the creations with deep in
terest.
"The Camp by the Cross," the work of
Charles Rollo Peters, attracts marked at
tention. The picture brings back the days
when regiments were encamped on the
old Bay District track site, close to grim
Lone Mountain and its wooden cross. The
white tents are seen through the heavy
fog, and a sentinel stands with gu*h in
hand peering through the vapory mists
at the knoll of the burial place.
John W. Clawson, whose beautuul
pastel of Miss Mary Belle Gwinn received
favorable mention at the last exhibition,
has a number of excellent pictures exhib
ited. C. Chapel Judson has a splendid
collection of paintings on the wall, the
foremost of which- is the "Coming
Storm." Among the other contributors
are Miss Julia Heynemann, Joseph Green
baum, John A. Stanton, Miss Mary Cur
tis Richardson. William Keith* Yelland,
Cadenasso, Aaron, Altmann, Mrs.
Chittenden, Miss Blanche Letcher,
John M. Gamble, Miss Maren
Froellch. Miss Eleanor Warren, Harry
Fonda. Strong, Joseph Raphael, Charles
L. Turner, Bertha Stringer Lee, Oscar
Kunath, Sidney Yard, Robert Edgren, L.
Maynard Dixon and Robert L. Aitken.
The exhibition is said to surpass pre
vious displays of its kind, and its success
is assured. It will last five weeks, and
will be opened every day from 9 o'clock to
5 p. m. Many of the pictures are on sale,
and already a number have been dis
posed of.
On Thursday evening a grand vocal and
instrumental programme will be ren
dered under the leadership of Henry Hev
man. Marshall Giselman, a 15-year-old
boy, will render some difficult selections
on the grand organ which stands at the
head of the main stairway. The young
ster charmed those who attended the ex
hibition by his exquisite playing.
WITH THE GOLF
CLUB SWINGERS.
A golf league h&p been formed by the
Oakland, Burlingame, San Francisco nd
San Rafael clubs and a schedule is nov in
process of formation. A provisional
schedule has been prepared, but as there
are a number of conflicts in it. It will be
rearranged during the coming week. It
calls for match tournaments at the four
club links that will continue throughout
the year and the early part of spring.
The San Francisco links are being put
in shape rapidly and practice is resumed
among the members. A schedule of
tournaments has also been prepared by
this club and the first tournament will
be played under the schedule on Saturday
next. The plans for the new club house
on the Presidio links are prepared, but
several important changes will be made
before they are accepted.
At Oakland to-day the Burlingame Club
team will be entertained and an invitation
tournament played.
The San Rafael Club Is very gloomy at
the present time. Just when it was all
but settled to have a nine-link grounds
and everything in readiness to draw up a
contract with the lessors of the ground
the bottom dropped out of the scheme.
Now the San Rafael players will be
forced to do their playing on a five-link
field.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
The Vampire Association Football Club
will play a match this afternoon on the
Presidio grounds against the Presidio
team, -composed of Washington Volun
teers and troopers of the Fourth Cavalry.
The Vampire eleven is made up as fol
lows: Goalkeeper, J. M. Punnett; backs,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
I -[ FROM MAKER TO WEARER DIRECT. |
DON'T KICK
IF YOU GET LEFT.
We are not ; going to sell these celebrated all-wool Oregon City Cassimcre Suits
and Pants but a little while longer at these prices.
PANTS $3,00. SUITS $10.00.
Th'« label on ©very pair. , This label on every coat. >
M>¥ erMK^^fl'll^mTlf We sell clothing at all times at wholennle prices. These are less than wholesale
tS\fflgfi6toMJ|L^|sU|gyffly prices. Iff you know a good thing you will buy now. buy before Pants arc put back to
IBM yg&Ky jMrSnfwCMr regular price, 54. 50. n-d <Suitnslo.
W^S£'W&<2^§**SfJw F.ViIKYTHING IN CLOTHING FOR MAN, BOY OR CHILD.
W^W^KWyV^SS SB OPEN TO-NIGHT TILL 9:30.
B BROWN BROS. & CO.,
WBkffltiSiViaß £B Wholesale Clothing Manufacturers,
t8\%1&&%3S Proprietors Oregon City Woolen Mills,
fJUjf 121-123 Sansome Street,
WJBBw Between Bush and Pine.
V ; LOOK OUT FOR IMITATORS. LOOK FOR ALL BLUE SIGNS.
J: D. Robertson and J. McGaw; half
backs, J. J. R. Peel, G. I. Baugh and J.
Duggan; forwards. H. Punnett. L. J. C.
Anderson, G. T. S. White (captain), H.
W. Dye and C. P. Coles; reserves, F.
Sewell, Fry and H. W. Westerfeld.
With the Idea, doubtless, of inspiring
terror into the hearts of the Vampires, J.
C. Robertson, captain of the Presidio
Club, has sent in the following list of
players: Forwards, Dewey, Sampson,
Hobson. Roosevelt and Capron; half
backs, Wheeler. Schley and Lawton; full
backs, Miles and Graham; goalkeeper,
Shafter; reserves, J. D. Miley and Leon
ard Wood.
FOR TEN THOUSAND
DOLLARS DAMAGES
James Moore, a marine fireman, brought
suit In the United States District Court
yesterday against W. P. S. Porter, mas
ter, and Edwin L. Griffith and others,
owners of the whayng steamship ' Jessie
H. Freeman, to recover $10,000 damages
for breach of contract and his consequent
suffering. The complaint alleges that
on . December 6, 1893. Moore shipped as
fireman on the whaling steamship Na
varch for a three years' cruise in the
Arctic, the contract specifying that he
was to be returned to San Francisco at
the expense of his • employers on the ex
piration of his contract. Moore was sub
sequently, with his consent, transferred
to the Freeman, and at the end of the
three years' term for which he had
signed articles he requested Master Por
ter to release him and forward him to
San Francisco in compliance with the
provisions of the contract. Porter de
clined to do either and kept Moore prac
tically a prisoner on board the Freeman.
The ship was wrecked in the Arctic, and
Moore was rescued by the United States
revenue cutter Bear.
» ♦ »
A NOVEL LAWSUIT.
An important suit will be tried before
Judge Kerrigan next week Friday, in
volving an entire $300,000 issue of bonds |
by the California Electric Light Com- j
pany. The points In dispute are novel, |
and will probably be passed upon event- j
ually by the Supreme Court of the
State.
It appears that in 1888 the Electric
Light Company issued the bonds In ques- '
tion, giving each a face value of $1000 !
and stipulating in the contract that they j
were to be payable twenty-five years I
from date and to- bear Interest at the j
rate of 6 per cent per annum. A proviso I
was inserted that on July 3, 1898, and on I
the same day of every subsequent year, i
the company would be privileged to take j
up ten of the bonds each year, the ones i
to be thus taken up to be selected by
lots drawn from a wheel. The company,
however, prior to July 3, 1898. exchanged I
196 of the bonds for others of a different I
denomination. Hence when the first ;
drawing of 'ots fron: the wheel took place
on July 3 oniy 104 numbers, representing
the original bonds remaining, were used i
for the drawing. Two of the numbers |
drawn for payment represented the two !
bonds of Joseph Westall. He now con~ I
tends that none of the 104 remaining ;
bonds of the 1888 can be taken up. mas- :
much as the provisions of the bonds pro~ i
viding for a lottery of 300 numbers can- j
not be enforced, owing to the unauthor- (
ized taking up of 196 bonds prior to July ]
3, 1898. He refuses to surrender his hold
ings, and sues in Judge Kerrigan's court
for his interest.
It is understood that all of the other j
bondholders are behind Westall. and pro» |
pose to fight the Electric Light Com
pany's attempt to take up its bonds be- i
foi*e the same mature. In case the con
tention is successful the light company '
will lose about $12,000 in interest which i
will have to be paid to the bondholders. '
It Is said that there is no parallel to this i
case and therefore no precedents upon
which Judge Kerrigan can depend in
reaching a conclusion.
•. ♦ ■
Eminent Vocalists in Town.
Three eminent vocalists — Max Heinrich, !
barytone, Mrs. Heinrich, soprano, and
Miss Julia Heinrich, contralto — arrived
from New York last evening. They oc- ;
cupy a front rank among American "sing- j
ers of ballads and classical compositions j
and Mr. Heinrich, when last here at the '
great musical festival given by Theodore !
Thomas at the Mechanics' Pavilion in 1884, i
made a pronounced impression. They
will be heard in song recitals during their i
stay in the city. ,
LOSS OF MAINE
IS REMEMBERED
She May Be Scheduled
Against Spaniards.
STANDS OFF CUBAN DEBT
PEACE COMMISSIONERS DISCUSS
WAR EQUITIES.
Commander Bradford, U. S. N., Ex
amined Relative to Conditions
Prevailing in the
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. 14.— Commander Brad
ford, U. 8. N., who has arrived here
from Washington, was examined this
morning by the members of the United
States Peace Commission relative to
the conditions prevailing and the main
features of interest in the Philippine
Islands, with which the commander is
well acquainted.
The fifth joint session of the two
commissions was convened at 2 o'clock
to-day.
The American reply to the Spanish
presentation of Tuesday was submitted
and read. An oral discussion followed,
when the commissions adjourned until
Monday next. f
It is believed that the Spaniards sub
mitted as their construction of the
protocol that it was just to consider
Spain as having equities fairly dis
chargable by the American assump
tion of Cuban obligations. It is not un
likely that the Americans voiced the
conviction that fair equities to the
United States, in war expense, were In
curred by the United States, and pos
sibly, though not positively, the Amer
icans may schedule the value of the
battleship Maine among the expendi
tures possible of classification against
the so-called Cubsn debt.
However, it may be considered cer
tain that the commissions have arrived
at a point in the negotiations from
which henceforth the joint sessions
will be occupied by oral discussions as
well as by written presentations of
propositions. The work is now thor
oughly entered upon, though it is not
likely that any segment has been pol
ished and finished for a place In the
final treaty.
The Philippine question has not yet
been entered upon.
SAGASTA AND COLLEAGUES
ARE GREATLY CONCERNED
BAYONNE, France, Oct. 14.— Accord-
Ing to advices received from Madrid
a rigorous censorship has been revived
there since yesterday.
Senor Sagasta and his colleagues are
reported to be greatly concerned re
garding the demands of the United
States Government, which, they assert,
not only refuses to assume any of
Spain's colonial debts, but wants to
take the heavy artillery in Cuba and
the floating docks recently sent to Ha
vana.
The same advices say the Madrid
Imparcial announces that the Govern
ment has cabled General Blanco not to
turn over any further territory to the
Americans until the peace treaty has
been definitely signed.
GUN CLUB'S JINKS.
A Large Gathering of Sportsmen En
tertained by tiie Olympics.
In the height of the duck season, when
shooting is said to be above the average
and the ponds throughout the surrounding
j counties abound with dusks, the Olympic
i Gun Club held a dedication jinks, the suc
cess of which may have a tendency to
keep many sportsmen away from their
favorite pastime to-morrow. The, popular
organization, which has in its ranks the
best shots in the State, held its initial
entertainment last night for the purpose
of dedicating its new home on Kearny
and Morton streets.
Success crowned the efforts of the com
mittee having the affair in charge. Presi
dent H. H. White, assisted by Correspond
ing Secretary Merton Allen, Recording
Secretary Clarence Haight, Treasurer A.
A. Borlini and Directors C. W. Hibbard,
E. T. Allen, C. F. Grant and W. J. Gol
cher, received the visitors and made them
at home. The programme was started
early. Chairman Golcher of the jinks
committee introduced the following well
known entertainers, who were greatly ap
preciated: Frank Thompson, barytone
solo; Henry C. Larsen, violin solo; Jack
Cathcart, comic selections; Ben li. Tar
box, barytone solo; A. Hirsch, zither;
Marlow and Kelly, specialties; William
O'Brien, tenor solo; Billy Hynes, comic
selections; Mr. Carpenter, reading; Wil
liam Finnic, tenor solo; Bob Mitchell,
anecdotes and antidotes; and "Kid" Nel
son. The programme was not concluded
until an early hour, owing to the many
encores.
The Olympic Gun Club has 150 members,
and Is one of the leading-clubs of its kind
on the coast.
34
GAINING CONVERTS
TO REPUBLICANISM
MADERA VOTERS
SWING INTO LINE
"Hurrah for Gage" Their
Slogan.
ROUSING DAYLIGHT RALLY |
NEXT GOVERNOR'S ADDRESS
WINS FAVOR.
Crowds Applaud While Maguire and ,
His Fads and Fallacies Are
Portrayed in Forcible
Engnsh.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADERA, Oct. 14.— Henry T. Gage, !
E. F. Preston and Truman Reeves ar- j
rived here on the V 2:2?. train on their
nay from Fresno to Merced, where the
Republican candidate for Governor was ,
to have spoken to-night. A committee \
composed of W. C. Maze, Dr. E. H. j
Reid, J. F. Daulton, A. Jacobs, E. E.
Vincent. W. A. Hiller. A. White, G. G.
Parsons, J. G. Roberts and J. W. Has- |
viale went to Fresno and escorted the :
Republican leader to Madera, As the |
train pulled up at the station the Ma
3era brass band struck up an inspiring
air. an artillery salute was fired and i
the calliope strains poured from the
Whistle at the electric light power
house, while the whistle on the Sayre !
packing house kept up a continuous :
tooting and the large crowd that had \
assembled to welcome the next Go-v- j
ernor gave musing. cheers with hats in ;
air for the people's choice as he alighted :
from the train. Mr. Gage was kept j
busy shaking hands with those who
thronged around him.
After a selection by the band the au
dience at the hall w;is called to order
by E. E. Vincent, chairman of the Re- j
publican Central Committee, who in- |
croduced Mr. Gage as the first speaker, j
The applause was enthusiastic and
long continued as the standard bearer
made his first appearance before a Ma
dera audience.
Mr. Gage reviewed his early
history, leading up to his present
position The audience listened with
the deepest interest to the story of his
first political speech, which was \nade
more than twenty years ago in denun
ciation of the Southern Pacific com
pany entering into the politics of this
Etate. He said that many times he nad
been solicited by the railroad company
to represent it, but he had steadfastly
refused to act in its behalf und3r any
circumstances, and he had never taken
a do) ar from the corporation except
when he had made it disgorge thou
sands of dollars for having wronged or
killed his fellow men.
In speaking of the outlook for the Re
publican ticket Mr. Gage said that from
ration sained from extensive
travel and judging from the confusion
of the fusion forces, he was entirely
Justified in predicting the grandest Re
publican triumph on November 8 ever
recorded in this State. Said he:
"There are many reasons why we can
make this prediction with confidence
at this time. Firsi we must remember
that th" fusion party will not receive
the support of the old Jeffersonian
Democrats, who were guided by prin
ciple and who believed the doctrines
they advocated would accrue to the
benefit of the country and the glory
of the American Hag. Now they have
no party to go to except the Republican
party. Many of this noble class of men
hold in the highest regard the Republi
can party and President McKinley, who
granted military commissions ti> F:tz
hugh Lee and "Fighting Joe' YVh
thu.~ obliterating the distinction be
tween the North and the ri<>mh. Sec
tional feeling being a thing of the past,
the patriot i.- Democrat Is inclined to
assist the Republican in the present
election."
In closing. Mr. Gage said that if
elected Governor of this State he would
be dominated by no railroad company,
no corporation, no clique, no individual,
and that no man or child would come
•within his jurisdiction too poor to
receive justice. His administration
would be honest, pure and fearless.
Colonel E. F. Preston was then in
troduced and was received with a
burst of applause. He stated that
when at home he represented the Val
ley Railroad, bat that he was not here
as its attorney, for it was not in poli
tics in any way whatever. He said
that there was but one solution to ill
railroad question, and that was to lay
steel rails on a good, Bound roadbed
and equip th< m with first-class rolling
stock and have it managed by honest
business men.
He most emphatically denied the
rumor that the Valley road had been
sold to the Southern Pacific, branding
such as a miserable campaign lie. He
stated that the chief engineer of the
Valley road was to-day In the moun
tains for thr- purpose of extending the
road frum Bakersfield to connect with
the Santa Fe system, and that the peo
ple of this district soon would hear th»
Whistle at engines on a road extending
not only to the limit of this valley, but
across the American continent.
Truman Reeves, candidate on the
Republican ticket for State Treasurer,
•was introduced and made a brief
speech.
Engineer Electrocuted.
SEATTLE, Oct. 14.— Louis Kaysser, en
gineer for the Seattle steam laundry, was
electrocuted this morning. Kaysser was
changing a small globe from one socket
to another, and his hand came in contact
with the metalwork. Death resulted in a
few minutes.
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
Soap not only for toil-
et and bath but for
shaving.. Pears was
the inventor of shav-
ing stick soap. ;
4
GREAT THRONG IN
MERCED PAVILION
Hearty Is the Greeting
to Mr. Gage.
*
HE GAINS MANY SUPPORTERS
DELIVERS A LOGICAL AND CON
VINCING SPEECH.
Hon. E. F. Preston Nails the Cam
paign Calumny That Hunting
ton Is About to Acquire
the Valley Road.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MERCED, Oct. 14.— Henry T. Gage.
the Republican nominee for Governor,
accompanied by Colonel E. F. Preston,
journeyed from Fresno through Madera
and Merced counties to-day. At every
halt place they were greeted by en
thusiastic crowds. Messrs. Gage and
Preston did not arrive at Merced until
twilight. At the depot of the Valley
road they were met by a large throng of
men, women and children. When the
standard bearer alighted from the train
the people gave three cheers for the
next Governor of California. Artillery
salutes and music by the Fountain City
tsanci heralded the ♦arrival of the dis
tinguished campaigner. No time waa
lost in forming the procession to escort
him to El Capitan .Hotel. A delay in
the arrival or the (jage party con
strained the Merced committee to omit
from the programme the reception
which as to have taken place at the
hotel.
Before the hour appointed for the
meeting to open every seat in the Mer
ceU .Pavilion was occupied and all ihe
standing room was taiten. It was the
largest assemblage of the campaign in
Merced County, nenry T. Gage and E.
F. Preston were escorted to the pa,
vilion by a committee. The audience
cheered when Air. Gage was recognized
and the Merced Concert Band at the
same nine discoursea patriotic music.
The meeting was caueu to order by J.
W. ivnox, who announced J. H. bimon
son as cnairman, with vice chairmen as
follows: A. Bickford, E. C. Baker, M.
D. Atwater, G. W. Abbott, H. H. Cole
man, L.. V. Herrod, Henry G. Peck, H.
J. Ostrander, James Minturn, C. B.
Herren, N. S. Stockton, William Whea-
Lan, E. Grimes, Frank Heimer, George
Deane, H. W. Brouse and Joseph King.
In some respects the meeting present
ed new and interesting features. A reg
uiar pro ramme of exercises offered an
opportunity for the display of Merced
musical talent. The ulee Club, com
posed of ladies and gentlemen, made a
great hit in the 'singing of popular
songs paraphrased for the campaign. A
song, "Our Candidate for Governor,"
by Miss Jolly, delighted the large au
dience. ,■-..;
'Ihe introduction of Henry T. Gage
was the signal for general applause,
and the auuience manifested its pleas
ure with the clapping of hands. The
standard-bearer spoke for over an
hour. He warmed up to his work as
the argument advanced, and soon gain
ed the favor of his hearers by his sin
cere and manly wa ■ of stating the
propositions of the campaign. He ad
hered to the line of discourse in the
Fresno speech last night, and soon
elicited responsive cheering. In resent
ing Maguire's assaults upon the integ
rity of the Republican State Conven
tion and regarding Maguire's humbug
gery in the settlement of the railroad
fuding measure, Mr. Gage used plain
language.
The ventilation of the single-tax
scheme commanded the profound at
tention of the people of Merced. WoVds
were not minced in condemnation of
the scheme to place the entire burden
of maintaining the government on the
owners of land.
Mr. Gage received round after round
of applause when he demonstrated to
the audience that during the entire ser- j
vice of Maguire in the .Legislature and
in Congress the "Little Giant" had
done nothing for the people.
After Mr. Gage's speech Mr. Abell
sang a campaign song. Hon. E. F.
Preston was the next speaker intro
duced. He spoke with his usual elo
quence and force, using language so
clear and pointed that his meaning
could not be misunderstood. He nailed
the campaign calumny that the Val
ley road was in danger of passing to the
control of the Southern Pacific and
evoked cheering commendation by his
demonstration of the fact that anti
monopoly jawbone never had done any
thing to better the condition of the peo
ple of San Joaquin Valley and never
would assist in the settlement of the
industrial problem of the day. The
fallacies of the Maguire single tax
dogma were exposed in a manner which
convinced the audience that Mr. Pres
ton had studied the question and was
capable of meeting and overthrowing
the arguments of the socialists. The
eulogy of President McKinley's remark
able administration called out cheering
applause.
The enthusiasm increased as the
speaking progressed and the audience,
which at first seemed a trifle undemon
strative, responded with great enthusi
asm to the patriotic sentiments ex
pressed by the logical and eloquent ex
ponents of Republican principles. The
great mass meeting, the largest held
during this campaign in Merced Coun
ty, dissolved with three rousing cheers
for Gage and Neff.
In Merced, as in other places in the
1 San Joaquin Valley, the Republicans
j are alert and confident. They are sure
I that the fusion majority for Bryan will
be greatly reduced and all doubt of the
triumph of the Republican cause has
vanished.
A. Li. Levlnsky addressed the audi
ence after the conclusion of Mr. Pres
ton's address.
Gage and Preston will journey on to
Stockton via Modesto and Oakdale.
Every hour of the tour increases con
fidence in the triumph of the cause
which they represent.
Metcalf Speaks at Suisun.
SUISUN, Oct. 14.— The Republican
campaign opened here to-night and the
proceeding's were enthusiastic. Bonfires
crackled, the Suisun band played and the
town was 'crowded. This demonstration
was In honor of Victor H. Metcalf, the
Republican nominee for Congress in the
Third District. In the evening he ad
dressed a large audience In Native Sons'
Hall. His remarks were delivered in a
manner that carried conviction, and he
was loudly applauded. Hon. Alden An-,
derson, nominee for Assemblyman in the
Nineteenth District, aleo delivered a
sp«6dh that was well received.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15. 189b.
MAGUIRE SPEAKS
TO JACKSONIANS
Democratic Rally in the
Mountain Town.
ATTACK ON HIS OPPONENTS
GAGE, BARNES AND OTHERS
ASSAILED.
Single-Taxer Reiterates His Monot
onous Charges Concerning the
Railroad and the Repub
lican Ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSON, Oct. 14.— A large Demo
cratic meeting was held here to-night.
Webb Hali, seating over 600, was
crowded to its utmost capacity and an
equally large gathering assembled in
the street and was addressed by dis
tinguished speakers, .besides Judge Ma-,
quire there were present Congressman
de Vries, H. M. Larue. Thomas Scott,
E. L>. Hutchison, Robert Ferral and S.
K. Burkham of Mono, candidate for
State Senator.
Ex-Congressman A. Caminetti. the
chairman, made a lengthy speech,
praising the Democratic State ticket
and contending that the nominees were
free from railroad influence and wore
opposed by the Southern Pacific, while
the railroad company was doing its ut
most to elect the Republican ticket.
He introduced Maguire as a former
farmer, pointing to a plow placed on
the stage, as a former blacksmith,
whose emblem, an anvil, also was on
the stage, and lastly, as the next Gov
ernor of California.
Maguire was received with rousing
cheers. He said he was unable to ad
dress the meeting at length, as his
voice was hoarse because of much talk
ing, and he had to address also the
overflow meeting outside. He said the
reason why hi.s voice had suffered per
haps more than that of his opponent
was that he did a good deal of his own
talking, while the Republican candi
date for Governor was wearing out the
throats of railroad attorneys who were
talking for him.
He said the issue in California was
the one handed down from the days of
Jefferson — "equal rights for all. special
privileges for none." The Democratic
party was on the side of popular
rights. The Republican party was in
favor of the allied monopolies. What
ever Gage might be individually as re
gards th£ railroad company, it was a
notable fact that he was traveling in
company with well known attorneys of
the Southern Pacific. In the south he
was accompanied by Barnes, a leading
attorney of the company; in other parts I
of the State by Judge Carpenter, a po
litical manager for the railroad, and in
the mountains by J. C. Campbell, an
other well known lawyer of the corpor
ation. ______________
M'CONNELL AND NEIL
MAY BE MATCHED
INDUCEMENTS OFFERED THEM
BY THE NATIONAL CLUB.
Some Interesting Amateur Boxing
Bouts Scheduled for Next Week.
News of the Fighters.
Manager Groom of the National Ath
letic Club waits with longing oyes for the
coming of "Kid" Lavigne, who is matched
to fight Tommy Tracey, the hard-hitting
and shifty product of Australia. The
"Kid" has sent telegrams now and then
informing the expectant fight promoter
that he is coming, but as yet he has not
materialized. When asked yesterday as
to the latest news from Lavigne Manager
Groom said he would be here next week.
There is no doubt that he will reach
this city shortb' so Groom is not worry
ing, but as he has a permit to hold a
glove contest this month he is looking
for material. He thinks favorably of
pulling off a go between Frank McCon
nell, the local welter-weight who made
such a fine showing against such vet
erans as Tracey and Green, and Al Neil,
the young amateur who haa been win
ning small purses and glory by knock
ing out aspiring youngsters in this city.
Neil is strong and willing, and hopes to
i. i' h the too some day. McConnell has
been retarded in his efforts to gain cham
uiuusxup iiunOi'3 oy two defeats at the
hands of Green and 'iracey. McConnell
knows now that he needs experience and
intends to go slow in future. He is will-
Ing to meet Neil and if matched will
train diligently, as he knows the latter
Is hard game. It is understood that both
men will be matched within a few days
to fight this month.
"Spider" Kelly, who is to fight Fred
Muller, the boxing instructor of the Man
hattan Athletic Club, next month, visited
the Ocean Beach with Tim McGrath yes
terday In search of training quarters.
The Seal Rock House, his old stamping
ground, was selected, and he will shortly
begin work.' McGrath will train him and
Frank McConnell will be his sparring
partner.
George Gates of the Recreation Athletic
Club and Jack Dennis of the Olympic
Club will fight at 130 pounds before the
Reliance Athletic Club in Oakland next
Tuesday night. Phil Green, the soldier
boy, will meet "Bud" Parker of New Or
leans In an eight-round go the same even
ing. The last pair will weigh In at 150
! pounds.
The California Athletic and Swimming
Club has arranged three hot goes for its
fifth exhibition, which is to be held on
I Tuesday evening next. The event of the
evening will be an eight-round go be
tween Charley Rochette and "Kid"
O'Brien. Mike Mollice and M. Meyer will
furnish entertainment for four rounds,
and Frank McGinnis and Emil Dahl will
j he pitted against each other for six
I rounds.
On Wednesday evening next the San
I Francisco Athletic Club will hold its
I monthly exhibition. Three, bouts have
been arranged, which will undoubtedly
prove Interesting. William Dierks will
spar William Perry eight rounds for a
valuable medal and John Dean will box
Joseph Hlggins.eix rounds for a medal.
Frank Schuler, the clever lightweight of
the club, will meet Frank Ely, the neavy
hitting representative of the Portland
Athletic Club, in a six-round go for a
I trophy.
GAMES ON NATIONAL
LEAGUE DIAMONDS
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Oct. 14.— The /Colonels
had a walkover in the first game, pounding
Powell all ovtr the lot. Frazer, 1 the ex-Colonel,
pitched good ball for the Wanderers in the
second game. Attendance, 2000. Score first
game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville M 21 , 1
Cleveland ...:.:....... 2 7 1
Batteries — Cunningham and Powers; Powell
and Crlger. Umpires— Emalie and Warner. :
• Score "second game:
Clubs— - ;'■ R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 11 4
Louisville .......;............... 4 7 2
* Batteries— Frazer and - Scheck; > Altrock and
Powers. — Warner and Emslie.
. PITTSBURG, Oct. 14.— The two ball games
between Chicago and Plttsburg scheduled • for
this afternoon were • called on account :of - the
weather. To-morrow the season will be closed
with a double-header with Chicago. -"."."'
; BALTIMORE, Oct. 14.— The Baltimore-Bos
ton same was postponed on account of rain.
MR. LOUD EXPOSES
MAGUIRE'S RECORD
ON FUNDING BILL
Congressn)ao Shows h\ovJ His
Colleague Is SailiQg Under
False Colors.
Inside History of House Proceedings Giver) at
the Great Republicao Raily at
Redwood City.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 14.— Eugene j
F. Loud, Republican nominee for Con- \
gress in the Fifth Congressional Dis- j
trict, addressed a large and enthusias- [
tic audience to-night in the Alhambra
Theater. He showed in a masterly
way that James G. Maguire, the stand
ard bearer of the Populist, Democratic
and Silver Republican parties, has been |
posing In a false light on the funding
bill question and other measures <-;f
local and national interest. .
The meeting was called to order by
B. F. Cooper, who in a brief address
introduced Congressman Loud. The ap
pearance of Congressman Loud was the
signal for an outburst of applause and
frequently during his speech he was
interrupted by cheers and hand clap
ping. In referring to the appropriation
for Redwood Creek Mr. Loud said:
Whether Mr. Craig be elected or
myself, in the regular order o£ proced
ure, next winter, before Mr. Craig, even
if elected, could take his scat, this creek
will be provided for. It would have been
provided for this year were it not for the
fact that, after consultation between the
leaders of the Republican party, when we
came together a year ago, it was conclud
ed to be best to go a little slow in the use
of public money, for the reason that the
Democratic party had been in power so
long and had so depleted the public treas
ury that the income was only about suf
ficient to meet the ordinary expenses of
the Government.
1 believe you know that I seldom dis
cuss publicly questions in which 1 have
a personal interest, but certain things
have been said which force me to make
some statements in defense of myself, and
I shall not discuss men as individuals, and
I shall be as careful as it is possible for
me to be to discuss the candidates tor
public office simply in respect to their
public capacity and as leaders of the
party or combination of parties which op
pose us. -,
Prom that standpoint I shall discuss Mr.
Maguire, the nominee of this combination
for Governor of the State of California. I
will not call him the nominee of the Dem
ocratic party, because the Democratic
party is existent no more. The principles
enunciated by that party since its very
Inception have been cast to the four winds
of heaven, forcing the men who have en
deavored to be true to Democratic prin
ciples to leave that party and join the
Republican, in order that they might pro
tect and better conserve the interests ol
our people. , . 
If the principles proclaimed by Mr.
Maguire are for the best interests of our
State and our country, then he shoiuu
be elected. There are two points that
must be considered by citizens when they
vote for any man: First, is the man fit
ted for the office to which he aspires?
and second, are the principles enunclat
! Ed by the party to which he belongs the
i best to be adopted?
On his return to California Mr. Maguire
'■ Immediately took the offensive, condemn
ing every man in the Republican party
who had anything to do with its conven
tion at Sacramento— condemning, I say.
every candidate upon its ticket. Now, 1
j wish to say by way of parenthesis and
| also justice that Mr. Maguire and I have
been personal friends for many years,
and I have had much admiration for him.
But 1 do not believe at all in his political
principles nor in his political acts. On
Mr Maguire's return from Washington,
referring to Mr. Barham. a colleague of
mine and the representative from the
First District of California, he said he
had been a traitor and untrue to the
trust reposed in him. Referring to me he
said: "While Mr. Barham voted for this
funding amendment"— as he calls it— Air.
Loud did not vote at all."
Possibly some time Mr. Maguire may
see fit to explain this utterance, because
it is *'n injustice to me. I have never
seen the time when I could not afford to
be honest to the people whom I repre
sent, and should that time ever come I
hope I shall be retired. .
Mr Maguire well knew why I did not
vote He well knew that I was paired
with a man who was chairman of the
Democratic convention at Chicago, Mr.
Richardson of Tennessee, and he weh
knew how he would have voted, ana ne
well knew how I would have voted.
would have voted for the amendment to
the deficiency bill which Mr. Maguire so
strenuously opposed, because I believed it
was right, and I am prepared to defend it
Mr Maguire has, probably, had as
much free advertising in this State as any
man who ever went to the House x>l Rep
i resentatives. You have seen in the pub-
I lie press time and again that he has de-
! feated funding bills— and there have bet-n
I two or three before Congress. Lot ua
see— and I propose to deal strictly with
the record, not trusting to my memory in
the least.
The first funding bill presented was in
the Fifty-third Congress, of which Mr.
Maguire was a member. That bill was>
debated in the House for some days. We
have In the House of Representatives a
custom, when any great question is up
for debate, that the chairman of the com
mittee having the measure in charge is
permitted to control the allotment of time
on his side of the question, and some one
representing the other side is designated
by unanimous consent of the body to con
trol the time on that side of the ques
tion. In the Fifty-third Congress, when
the time was yielded up on this bill, Mr.
Maguire was given five minutes on a de
bate occupying several days, and it was
heralded through every newspaper In the
State of California that James G. Ma
guire, the "Little Giant of "the Pacifi«
I Coast," had defeated the funding bill. The
! same thing was repeated in the Fifty
fourth Congress, Mr. Maguire being ylcjd
ed again five minutes, that being consid
ered all the time he was worth upon a
great question of national importance. In
that time he defeated the funding bill
again. What great power, force and elo-
I quence a man must possess to accomplish
in five minutes a result which all the rest
iof Congress must deliberate upon for
days!
In the session of Congress just closed an
amendment was proposed in the Senate to
the general deficiency bill carrying this
year some $220,000,000. This amendment
; was new legislation, and could only be put
, | upon the deficiency bill or any appropria
; i tlon bill in the Senate by unanimous con-
I sent. I will explain that no general legis
lation can be placed upon an appropria
1 tion in either House of Congress if the
point of order is raised against it. Some
time prior to the adoption of the amend- ,
ment in the Senate Senator Morgan, to
whom probably more is due for the defeat
of funding bills in Congress than any
other man, together with Senator White,
whom no man can deny is head and
shoulders above Mr. Maguire — yes, head }
' and shoulders above many Senators whom ,
: we have had from the State of California j
| — got together and reasoned In this v.#y:
, We are in the midst of a great war. This I
is no time to foreclose this debt on the |
' Central and Western Pacific railroads. !
Money is not seeking investment, and a I
little more time should be given In order I
1 that we rray look around and be sure of \
■ our position. Conference after conference :
1 took place, and the ultimate result was
the adoption of the amendment as in
troduced in the Senate.
While It is not history, yet I do not be
; | lieve that Mr. Maguire will deny that he
' | was a party to these conferences day ■
; after day until the final amendment
reached the shape in which it was offered. ■
I charge that he was a party to the act !
; of putting this amendment upon the de
. ficiency bill in the Senate in order tnat
j the amendment might then be presented :
to the House of Representatives for his
agitation and discussion.
Now let us see how the amendment !
was placed on the deficiency bill. Sena- |
tor Gear of lowa, chairman of the Com
mittee on Pacific Railroads in the Sen
ate, offered this amendment, framed upon
an understanding between men in that
body irrespective of party. As soon as
it was offered Senator Hale, in charge of
the bill, arose in his place and raised the
point of order upon it for the reason
which I have previously stated. Senator
White then got up and said:
"Mr. President, I hope the Senator will
withdraw the point of order, for I can
assure him that there will be no objec
tion made to it and that there will be
no debate upon it."
Senator Hale replied that "if the Sena
tor from California who has in days gone
by opposed measures similar in charac
ter to the amendment will assure me that
there will be no objection and no debate
then I will withdraw the point of order."
The point of order was .withdrawn and \
not a single negative vote was cast
against the amendment as offered. I
I ask in all candor whether it is rea
sonable to assume that there is more
honesty, more wisdom and more acumen
in Mr. Maguire than in the ninety Sena
tors representing the different States
throughout our country?
I call attention to the revenue cutter
now lying in San Francisco harbor, which
was bunt under authority of an act in
troduced and passed by me within three
months after I first took my seat in Con
gress.
Now what were the facts about that
case? On October 23, 1893, about three
months after Mr. Maguire took his seat,
this revenue cutter measure came up in
this way: Mr. Maguire had introduced a
bill providing for a revenue cutter for
San Francisco harbor and an appropria
tion of 550.000 to build it. This bill went
to the committee on interstate and for
eign commerce and one day, Mr. Mallory
of Florida called up a bill reported by
that committee to provide revenue cutters
for the Great Lakes. Immediately I rose
in my place and offered as a substitute to
that bill, the bill introduced by Mr. Ma
guire providing for a cutter in our har
bor. While the fight, which was bound to
be successful, was in progress Mr. Ma
guire came in, and coming up to me, said:
"As this is my bill, and this is a Demo
cratic Congress, I ask you to withdraw
the substitute and let the bill providing a
cutter for the Great Lakes pass."
I had been in Congress longer than he
and I begged him to seize. this opportunity
to secure the cutter. He was insistent and
I was forced, as the record plainly shows,
to withdraw the substitute. This bill subse
quently passed Congress and became a
law, but the record shows that Mr. Ma
guire was not present when it did pass.
Mr. Maguire has referred to the meas
ures providing for the preliminary sur
veys in connection with the obstructions
in the harbor of San Francisco. While I
am willing' to admit that Mr. ! Maguire
may have brought this matter before the
river and harbor committee, yet I know
that when the order of survey was made
in the Senate the language of it .very
much resembled a measure Introduced by
another party. •-•.'-: .;-■■■•■■
He refers also to the resurvey of the
harbor, but the record conclusively proves
that that was commenced In 1892— the win
ter of IS92— before Mr. Maguire went to
Congress.
Then he refers to the postofflce appro
priation and the revision for the re-ex
amination of the Postoffice site. In rela
tion to that I will say that the Postofflce
appropriation for San Francisco was
made in 1886, before either he or I went
to Congress.
I would like to ask the people of Cali
fornia if there are not some questions
which to them are more important than
even the survey of San Francisco har
bor or the passage of any bill of a local
character. I would like to ask where the
party or parties which he represents
stand upon other questions at issue to
day. Are they trying to fool the people of
the State of California, or do they Intend
to carry out their promises when elected
to office? "
The old Democratic party has stood for
sound money and sound finance from its
inception. Another party has been
formed whose fundamental principles are
the grinding out of money from the
treasury irrespective «of amount and Ir
redeemable in character. Another party
calling itself the Free Silver Republican
party believes that every ill that flesh is
heir to can be healed by issuing 16 to 1
dollars. But I believe that this combina
tion of parties is for public plunder and
not for public principle.
Mr. Loud then referred to President
McKinl»?y as follows:
McKinley is a Republican in full ac
cord with the Republican party recom
mending to Congress the legislation
which that body had enacted. The oppo
sition condemns the party, but applauds
its leader, commending him who Is almost
the party itself. The Democratic party
approves the acts of our President, but
attempts to strike from his reach the
very means by which these acts are per
formed, to remove from him the means
tbrouffh which the great work before this
nation to-day must be acomplished.
"Consistency, thou art a jewel!"
D. E. McKlnlay followed in a brief
address, In which he discussed the Is
sues of the campaign and predicted a
grand victory for the entire Republican
ticket on November 8.
NEEDHAM AND KYLE
CHEERED AT TULARE
Large Gathering Addressed by the
Apostles of Republicanism and
Prosperity.
TULARE, Oct. 14.— Hon. J. C. Needham,
Republican candidate for Congress in the
Seventh District, and^ Major C. W. Kyle
addressed a large and very enthusiastic
audience at Library Hall to-night. This
wuMhe first appearance here of the candi
date for Congress, and a most favorable
impression he made. He discussed fairly
and freely the questions at issue in this
campaign, and uttered no word of abuse
of his opponent.
"If elected to represent the Seventh Dis
trict," said he, "I will favor the fore
closure of the railroad debts if the road
does not make good its compact."
He defined clearly his position on the
tariff and money questions, and advocated
the immediate construction of the Nica
ragua canal. His mention of President
McKinley brought forth tumultuous ap
plause.
Major C. W. Kyle's speech was warmly
received and loudly applauded. Major
Kyie kept the large audience In good
k humor during the entire evening.
This was one of the most successful
meetings of the campaign. The Tulare
silver band entertained the crowd with
patriotic and stirring music. W. P. Rat
liff called the meeting to order and Judge
J. W. Davis of Tulare was chairman of
the evening. Judge Davis presented E. O.
Larkins of Visalia. who made a short ad
dress. Mr. Larkins was a delegate |o ...ie
convention which nominated Mr. weed
ham for Congress, and he assured the
nominee that though he favored the nomi
nation of A. J. Pilisbury, yet he, with all
Tulare Republicans, was heartily support
ing J. C. Needham for Congress, une
meeting closed with three cheers for
Needham.
To Prevent Use of Franchise.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 14.— The People of
California, by W. F. Fitzgerald, Attorney
General, have institxited a suit for an In
junction in the Superior Court against the
Los Angeles Terminal Railway Company
to prevent the defendant using a fran
chise granted by the Trustees of Pasa
dena City for the use of a street in that
city for an electric railroad. The com
plainants contend that the Trustees have
granted a valuable privilege without suit
able compensation.
Or INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any »f the Following Firms Pleas* Mention "Ths Ca'.L"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flitlstlc furniture and firt Ware Importers.
117 PUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock If II 110 *• Cfi »M. ntenmery St.
Auctioneers MLLll tt vll- Pan Francisco
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
■am CrUIWXWti ShiPPlne trade nupptled
WS! SCnUtnlMU^ 63? Broadway street
~ BELTINO
Ln nFfiPW Manufacturer of Beltln<rntid
. P. IJtutN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
~~ BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to R«piirs an! Ship Wort.
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BPOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.
342 to 350 Geary Street. At>ove Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationary.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'DDIEKI Jt CAVC— and Dealers in
DRIbN a 3U>JLandauß. Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
st.. San Francisco. ' ;
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
l v l d an a t rr S TOn s?klk O r C PHA^MA a :
CEUTICAL CO.. 1517 Market Bt.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
000 BATTERY STREET.
T>ifr.n"n» Main "">«
COPPERSMITH.
. .W»n* v*x. Fur>t. M rilyrh. Mr
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 13
Washingtan St. Telephone. Main 5041.
.- '- -.■• ' ' ' DENTIST.
DR. C W RICHARDS, iV Pot^. Bt T:.m T
' DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON&CO. s S o c n C ° S n t S da Te , S Ma?n i
~~~ r: - FIRE INSURANCE. ~
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
411-418 California street. r-*r. m
Capital Represented.... over 514.000.000
~~ . • . • ; flour. ~~™
UiTiAVAT Flour Mills. J. Martenst. .ri & Co.
nAUUrIAL BW. cor. Battery end 1 aclflc ats
: . FRESH AND SALT MEATS. ,
1 1 C PAVEC • & co,. 6blpplnj Butcher*. «M
JAS- BOlpJ.tt VU.. Clay. Tel. Main 11*4
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co..lmporters« Dealers
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
AT HIS TOUCH
BOCKS YIELDED
UP THEIR GOLD
A Klondike Nabob
Comes to This City.
WILLIAM LIGGETT'S LUCK
THREE TIMES HE STRTJCK GOLD
ON THE YUKON.
The Last Strike Netted Him Hun
dreds of Thousands in Nuggets
and Dust — His Ad
ventures.
On the train from Portland there will
arrive this morning in San Francisco one
of the most noted celebrities of the
Klondike. The man in question is VV il
11am Liggett, formerly the Partner of
Swiftwater Bill, but now an independent
ly wealthy El Dorado king, with hun
dreds of thousands of yellow money at his
command. He is a Quiet, unassuming
Croesus, with none of me swagger of
Swiftwater Bill in his composition and a
deep-seated aversion to notoriety.
Liggett is just out from Dawson, hav
ing reached Seattle four days ago. He
has had an adventurous nine years' ca
reer In Central Alaska and the British
Northwest Territory, which reads very
much like a romance. The facts as given
are gleaned from one of Liggett s com
rades in Alaska.
In the spring of 1889 Liggett entered the
Yukon Valley for the first time, packing
his supplies on his own back over the
Chilkoot Pass. He was a farmer's son,
from Buchanan, West Virginia, but it did
not take him long to secure a profitable
placer claim on Forty Mile Creek, where
Kold-digging had just commenced. Later
he made an adventurous trip with the
Frank Leslie Exploring Expedition across
the heart of unknown Alaska to the
Tanana River. The next year he located
a claim on Birch Creek and cleaned up
$7000 at the end of the first season. Tak
ing this money with him, he went back
to Buchanan, West Virginia, and salted
It down in real estate. Then he went
back to the Yukon for more, and trying
Miller Creek this time secured another
JtiOOO. Out he came with this gold, again
salting his profits down in West Virginia
and for a third time returned to the
Yukon. "You see. I knew a good thing
when I saw it," remarked Liggett one
day, "and I thought that where national
banks were lying around loose, was a
suitable place to be. I intended to stay
by Alaska until I had secured a fortune
if it took twenty years."
When the Klondike gold was dicovered
Liggett was back on his Miller Creek
claim. Hearing of the discovery after a
lapse of several weeks, he abandoned hia
claim and about $1200 worth of tools and
provisions and on thirty minutes notice
started down the Yukon for Dawson.
When he arrived there all of the good
claims were staked. Liggett was not to
be left in the cold, however. He sped
up Bonanza and finally El Dorado creeks,
inspecting the various shafts. Reaching
No. 13. El Dorado, he jumped down the
shaft, hastily glanced at the pay-streak,
which had just been uncovered, and then
turning to the owner of the claim offered
him $40,000 for it. No such price had been
named up to that time for the choicest
land on the gulch and it was instantly ac
cepted. Liggett was given an hour in
which to make his offer eood. He had
but $48 in his pocket, but he was a "rus
tler," and quickly found a friend to whom
he made successful application for a $5000
loan. Skipping back to the claim he
handed the $5000 in dust to the owner and
then made a bargain that the remaining
$35,000 should be paid within thirty days,
and in default the $6000 was to be forfeited
and the claim surrendered. Two hours
later Liggett had secured Swiftwater Bill
and two other partners to assist him
in mining on the claim. The four of them
worked night and day. in shifts of two
and two, never stopping until twenty
seven days had elapsed, when they had
the remaining $35,000 in hand and paid it
to their creditor. Liggett had reserved
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEI BOLD HAKNESi. CO.. 211 LarKln St.. S. 1 .
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers in Bua;ri»«.
Carts, etc. If you wan: b.inraln>i call ;r writ*
HUNTERS" EQUIPMENTS.
fill! IMA Hunters' Equipments. Flsh!n»
l«jl8lU\ Tackle. Athletic Goods, etc. »n I
J|«BJ tor catalogue. GEO. W. BHRKVBJ.
w w " v 739 Market street. '
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton S Hedlev. Prop*..
234 Fremont St. Castines of Every '"'3-
scription)Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VAINDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 138 Sutter rt..
San Francisco. Telephone Mr In 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
rrovnEN GATE wool MFG. Co.
Manufacture blankets. CasFlm»res, Tweeds and
Flannels. 535 Market St.. San Francisco. CaL
Goods tor »ale at all leading dry goods store*.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
.- '.•/ :,:■■ Combined Capital. t4.00A.000.
BTZ A CO.. A<r.nt«.
' . . »01 California «t.
MATTRFSSES AND IRON BEDS.
THP RFD\'H*Pn Mattress Co.. 642 Minion
inn Dr.Hi>nAKU n Telenhnn* Main ICTI.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMETTE PULP AND PAPER CO..
YVILLAIVIII IE 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
T>>» 1"1 ir •nil 1 n 1 1,- o«~-»
I=»I/*rVJO and MUSIC STORE, 1
KOHLER & CHASE,
a and 30 O'Farrcn St.
A *y»rri« of •■m»r > tiin»r« and rpn«lr*r«.
: ■
PRINTING.
El- C- nUGnEStSII Sansome <tr**t
SOAP.
GD LULY X- m 123 California «treet.
. X, LliWI (A WU,, ro/»n 87. Tel Main l«n.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te^r c PARTRIDGE %«£%
THE HICKS- JUDD CO- :ffiSSlVg& n
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public WatKhart,
General Storage. Free and Grain WarehouaMk
General office. SO California St. T«i. Main ISI4.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLF' \LK & retail: send for samples, »tat-
ing cuallty & color. DUFFY CO.. 9?* Howard.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI ITVnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry ana
• LDnlfli lull »-k. Wrjdlnr Rings. 4 Id st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
j C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
! tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
a controlling interest in the property and
continued to work it. It soon developed
that No. 13 was good for $2500 to the
linear foot of the pay-streak and as the
streak was just 500 feet In length, there
was a cool million and a quarter in sight.
Recently Liggett sold his undeveloped
part of the claim for a handsome figure
and taking the money which he had al
ready dug out, started for the States to
enjoy his fortune. He figures upon being
a banker.
STATE FAIR A SUCCESS.
The Agricultural Society Clears Six
Thousand on the Enterprise.
A statement has been made showing
that the State Agricultural Society has
reduced its indebtedness by about $7000.
This lessening of the society's liabilities
Is due to the skillful management of
those who arranged in detail the State
Fair recently held at Sacramento, and is
highly gratifying to those concerned.
Secretary Edwin F. Smith of the asso
ciation is among those who are jubilant
over the fact that the last racing meet
was crowned with success instead of fail
ure. He said:
"It was a matter of surprise to us all
when we found that instead of increasing:
our debt we had lessened It by the fair.
From $28,000 we have dropped the debt to
about $21,000. that is, in round numbers.
In consideration of the hard times we
proposed the curtai..ng of all expenses,
and to the economical expenditure of
money we attribute our profits. The re
duction In expenses amounted to $2500, and
we fell short about an equal amount on
our gate receipts. Our privileges yield
ed us $4000 or $5000 clear coin, and the re
duction of entry lists saved us some
thing more."
Mr. Smith was elected presiding judge
at Ingleside for the coming season by
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club yesterday.
Robbed a Sailor.
Mamie Clark was arrested yesterday on
the complaint of Peter Brandt. Jsecond
mate of the schooner Edward Park, and
booked at the City Prison on a charge of
grand larceny. She is accused of steal
ing $60 and a revolver from Brandt in
the Oakland House, Third and Howard
streets, early yesterday morning. The
revolver was found in a saloon where she
had left It
Very few children hav> as much
strength of mind as they have of don't
mind. *
wm did it
Yes, HUDYAN is the true nerve-builder.
Many men and women are ready to testify
to that. HUDYAN did it. HUDYAN does
do. HUDYAN cures. Just as certain as
you are a foot high, so certain will HUDYAN
cure you.
HUDYAN cures Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Hysteria, Numbness, Tremb-
ling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in th«
Shoulder, Pains Up and Down the Backbone.
1 HUDYAN cure 3 Nervousness, Melancholia,
Nervous Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality.
HUDYAN cures Sleeplessness, Palpitation of
the Heart, Sick Headache, Indigestion, Loss
of Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call or
write for free circulars.
budson medicaT institute,
Ellis, Stockton and Markot Sta*.
BAN FRANCISCO, CAUNEW RICHMOND
IN TIE FIELD
FOR MAYOR
Anti-Dictator Demo
cratic Party.
FRANK SCHILLING, NOMINEE
PRINCIPLES OF THE PARTY ARE
INTERESTING.
Among Theni Are Disapproval of the
Method of "Hefting" Money
and Opposition to
Fakers.
A new political party has snrung Into
existence, but itf= only obj set is to se
ct;!.-, the oluce of Mayor for
: ar.k Schilling, the attor
ney who, at the election two years ago,
tfice of Justice of the
Peace.
A petition Is being circulated among!
th electors addressed to Registrar!
Biggy and the Board of Election Com- |
ners, by certain electors repre- j
Renting the ■'Anti-Dictator Democratic
}>;u-ty." in the interest of Schilling for
May.ir, and requesting that the d
nation, "Anti- Dictator Democrat," be |
I on the official ballots .
Schilling's l.ame.
The signers of the petition de
that they represent the following prin
which, to pay the least, are
nd may possibly prove Inter-
Boss Phelan and his aggre
h - rs:
1. Government by the people, of the
; for the people, as war:
bj the organic law and the statutes ot
State.
antagonism to would-be dicta
fill all pul
with i"T?uiis of their own nd se
lon.
stance to small men sail
nto public office on the wave of re
iry un
, der the purity i when stat
. the affidavit i be filed
■ said lav. ; paid
than l" per cent of the first year's
tlon < xp<
erson, club, society or associa
: said
In re
mana^ement of
: is well known thai
■ ■ was spent for their
of law.
sition to fakers
lemnation of fak<- at
llures to correct or dlscip
: ■ ants.
■ r public officials falling
: full duty.
. of the method of "heft
m i■ y. where the law requires
ing, In public service; economy In
s thereof.
7. Belief that the past record of a per
the only cru< Ible applied
md rapacity for public nf
ind that newspapers should nut be
permli ay to make or patch up a
i :ion.
Mittf-^iTien named in the peti
k after the interests of the
■ cc of the "Anti-Dictator Denw
party" are William J-l. Lutz, 2025
Ppier, 1513 Oolden Gate
:., "14 Jones street;
1.. Mi Turk street, and E. R.
1 rate avenue.
has already received a
I t signatures and every
n ade to obtain the re
in time for presentation
to th( Board.
DEMOCRATS AT SILK'S HAXL.
The Job Chasers Hunting Votes in
the Thirty-Fifth District.
Ther--> was a meeting of the clans at
Filk's Hall at Precita avenue and Mission
street last night, at which the rank and
file of the Democracy of the Thirty-fifth
Assembly District attended. In addition
to the. regular army from the base of
IV-rnal Heights the Democratic nominees
from all parts of the city put in their ap
pearance dressed in their finest, with pol
ished shirt fronts, which distinguished the
lib chasers from the honest and hard
■working men who came to hear them,
liut who will not vote the ticket.
Jefferson B. Martinet presided, and in
his first essay made the unpardonable
blunder of introducing John Patrick Dunn
as th.c nominee for State Controller. Mr.
Dunn, however, set the young president
right by informing the audience that he
■was a candidate for member of the
Hoard of Equalization. This much neces
sary information having been imparted
):h proceeded to praise the great old party
for its past good acts.
Dr. Clinton followed with a long eulogy
en the party and its nominees. He cited
the many virtues of Single Tax Jimmy
(Maguire), Hefting Jimmy (Phelan), Cen
tipede. Jimmy Barry), and did not stop
mull he had gone over the entire list of
nominees, all of whom are saints.
In comparing the qualifications of Dr.
jM'dg-e for the office of Assessor as against
I John D. Siobe, he said that Slebe was af-
Jlicted with a most dangerous malady—
that of optical delusion, which at certain
periods blurred his eyesight and at others
made him see the smallest objects. The
periods at which these afflictions beset
liim was about the springtime, or in the
early part of the month of March. Then
lie could not see a corporation building
or a moving railroad train, but when his
bight became restored he could observe
the smallest sized sewing machine in a
poor man's '■ m. As a physician he
would prescribe for Mr. Siebe'a ailment
sndwoula not charge him one cent for
the same. It was rest— perpetual rest—
from office duties, and as a friend he
asked the co-operation of ail those pres
ent to_ assist- In giving Slebe that needed
rest after the Bth of next month
. Those of the job chas-rs who addressed
the meeting were; t. F. Bonnet. John H.
Brown, Dr. Leland, Stephen M. Byrnes.
Robert Ferraf Harclav ..,.;,..- Franklin
K. Lane. E. K. Fitzgerald, Bert Schles-
Inger M. Greenblatt. Frank Murasky.
John 11. Grady, William G. Burke arid
others.
Branch Republican Club.
A branch Repu Forty
fifth Assembly District was organized on
Thursday evening ;■. trfft.
The following list <•: ,|, lly
■ ''■ Lewis; ltr.-u
William <'iark- second
president, William McPhersoi
. John HiHard; financial secretary
Julius Lewis; treasurer, X. Kelson; ex
'■ committee. Captain John Cane, J
vi k. William G. Barlow. William
Ahlstrand, V. Bardellini, J. Danby <;
o, William Spienke, Charles Mur
•■•• Kelly, K. T. Shannon Mich-
Carroll. The regular Repu
te and municipal, was in
■l enthuslasti<
t.::'}c in the Interests of the ■
Ling adjourned subject t
tall of the chair.
Ninety-Eight Republican Club.
Owinp to the enormous aiw-nrtanco at
a meeting held by the "9S" Republican
Club last evening it was found necessary
to occupy both halls in the Cadet build
ing. 835 McAllister street. George D
O'Neil presided. On motion of Hf-nrv F
M< yer Davis Louderbaok was heartily
Indorsed by the club fur Superior Judce
Also on motion of F. J. Kelly E. L Head
\v;ts Indorsed for School Director The
following- candidates and gentlemen ad
dressed the meeting: Davis Louderbaek
nominee for Superior Judge; Julius Kahn'
nominee for Congress; I. j. Truman'
nominee for Treasurer: also D. J Sulli
van. J. Donahue, chairman of the
Twenty-eighth District Club; H F
Meyer, G. Mooney and A/ }\~. McPher
6OA.
DEMOCRATIC
CANDIDATES
ON REVIEW
First of the Series of
District Meetings.
IN THE OLD TWENTY-EIGHTH
MUNICIPAL NOMINEES 'SPEAK
AT HARMONY HALL.
Mayor Phelan Also Addresses a Meet
ing of Voters at Silk's Hall
in the Thirty-Fifth
District.
The Democrats inaugurated their dis
trict meetings In the Interest of the mu
nicipal ticket v.-ith a gathering at Sec
ond and Folsoni streets last night that
comprised several hundred voters of the
■ Twenty-eighth I '[strict. A brass band
; and a bonfire brought out the small boys,
i who seemed t# find '»" re pleasure and
! profit in exercising their vocal chords
than did their elders.
J. D. Maxwell, member of^ the cam
paign committee from that dis'triot. called
the meeting to order and presented J. J.
chairman. Mr. Greeley had
some In finding enough lauda
tory words to introduce the speakers to
HENRY S. MARTIN, Republican Nominee for Sheriff.
Of the many candidates who will seek the suffrages of the peo
ple at the coming election none are better known or more popular
than Henry S. Martin, nominee for Sheriff on the Republican ticket.
He has for more than a decade been grand treasurer of the Native
Sons of the Golden West, and as such has endeared himself to the
heart of every member of that great organization. His popularity
is equally as great outside the order, and it is confidently asserted
that his majority on election day will be sufficiently large to leave
no doubt as to the quality of the esteem in which he is held by the
whole people.
his own satisfaction, but he got through
with the job after a fashion and the of
fice chasers made their bows.
First on the list was Mayor Phelan.
•who told a story in which he described
Judge Mogan as having been on the po
lice bench a. great many years, and then
helped himself to some of the glory that
has been showered upon Maguire by
claiming to have assisted him In draft
ing the Australian ballot law. However,
the crowd was good-natured and gave
the Mayor a nice reception.
It E. E. Hill promised, if elected Cor
oner to treat his hearers as tenderly, if
they got into the Morgue, as he has when
ever they have been taken to the Harbor
Drf Washington Dodge spoke at consid
erable length, the substance of his re
marks being the failure to properly tax
the corporations in the past, and P rom "
ising to cinch them to the limit if he is
el< cted Assessor. .
Hull McOlaughry told all about how he
would dispense justice if elected Justice
of the Peace, and gave way to Bernard
Blenneki, who wants to be City and
County Surveyor, and frankly told his
John* Brown promised the audience to
run the County Clerk's ofhee for JGOOO a
month if they would elect him to that
position, after which L. J. Hoey candi
date for the Assembly from the Iwenty
eiphth District, recounted all the good
deeds he would like to perform In Sacra-
James Denman spoke of his work In
behalf of the public schools in the past,
beginning with the time when he taught
in Happy Valley, back in '52. Then he
reviewed the provisions of the new char
ter In reference to the School Depart
ment, explained the part he took in the
preparation of them, and closed by say
ing he was anxious to undertake tne task
of carrying out the proposed Innovations.
TF Bonnet was given the heartiest re
ception of any candidate of the evening.
Everybody called him "Jack," and the
band Played "He's a Jolly Good Fellow"
when he concluded his brief address
Judge Conlan followed, and told a
Story about Michael Joseph Conboy. who
was on duty at the City Hall, which
brought a hearty laugh from the audl
en ,f™, netting late and the crowd began
lobmkupso the other candidates did
little more than pass in review. Among
thlm were L D. F. Bartlett, Supervisor
frVfm the Third Ward; W. M. Cannon,
«£h£nl Director- L. P. Bytngrton, Super
visorSeventi Ward; William M. Ilinton.
Railroad Commissioner; John P. Dunn
Board of Equalization; L. Stone and
George Cabannis, Justices of the Peace;
Flnlav Cook Police Judge; R. P. Doo
an Superintendent of Streets; Franklin
X Lane City and County Attorney, and
Police Judge Mogan.
TO INJURE A CANDIDATE.
Graham Discovers Cards Not Bearing
the Union Label.
Thomas P. Graham, the Republican
candidate for Police Judge, says he has
been placed in a false position before the
public by some one to him unknown. In
the party platform is a clause by which
all of its candidates promise to have their
campaign printing done by a union print
ing office, the evidence of their keeping
their promise being that their cards, etc*
shall bear the union label.
"I found a lot of cards bearing my name
as a candidate," said Graham yesterday,
"from which the union label had been
omitted. All of the cards that I have had
printed have come out of union shops and
bear the label of the union. The cards
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
of which I speak were not ordered by me
nor was any one authorized to have them
printed. I would hate to think that any
of my political opponents would stoop to
euch a trick as to have printed and dis
tributed cards bearing my name but not
the union label, but, nevertheless. It does
look as though some one was taking this
method of fdvlng me a rap and injuring
my cause with the labor union people. I
am In full sympathy with the cause of
union labor. In fact I am a member of
a labor union to-day. For ten years I
worked in the Pacific Rolling Mills, and
am still a member of the Amalgamated
Iron Workers' Union."
DEMOCRATS TO TALK.
Campaign Committee Completed the j
Month's Schedule Yesterday.
The Democratic municipal campaign
committee yesterday completed its sched
ule of meetings to take place during the
present month. To he added to the list
that was published in The Call of yes
terday morning are the following:
October 24— Thirtieth District, at Sixth
and Folsom streets; Forty-second Dis
trict, at Turn Verein Hall, O'Farrell
street, near Mason.
October 25— Forty-fourth District, Ber
saglleri Hall, Stockton and Union streets;
Twenty-eighth District. Armory Hall,
Second and Folsom streets.
October 20— Twenty-sixth District, Pow
ers' Hall. Pierce street, near Turk- Thir
ty-first District, Teutonia Hall, Howard
street, near Tenth.
October 27— Thirty-fifth District Stan
ford Hall, Valencia street, near Twenty
eighth; Forty-third District, Union Square
Hall. ■ I
October 28— Forty-fifth District, Gari
baldi Hall, Broadway, between Montgom
ery and Kearny; Fortieth District, Golden
Gate Hall, corner of Masonic and Point
Lobos avenues.
Merchants' Reform Club.
The regular monthly meeting of the
Merchants' Political North End Reform
Club was held at Irwin Hall, 410 Kearny
street, last evening.
President J. H. Irwin, who is a large
property owner on Kearny street north
of Pine, reported that he had done all in
his power with the Board of Supervisors
to induce them to hasten the completion
of th? Hall of Justice. The intercession
of himself and his co-workers had not
met with success, as the present condition
of the structure showed.
John T. Kidd, the well-known architect,
showed clearly that the work had been
delayed without any probable cause. Sev
eral speakers followed in the same strain.
The consensus of opinion among the Dem
ocratic members of the club is that they
will not vote for any self-nominated can
didate on the local Democratic ticket.
Officers were elected for the ensuing
year as follows: J. H. Irwin, president
(re-elected); M. J. Hart, vice-president;
M. F. Donleavy, recording secretary (re
el, •ctedj; John T. Kidd, financial secre
tary; J. Catania, treasurer; Wellington
Sullivan, sentinel.
Independent Municipal Club.
The Independent Municipal Club held
a large and enthusiastic meeting in Judge
Mogan's courtroom last evening. The
principal business was the reception of a
report from the committee appointed at
a previous meeting to arrange for a series
of open meetings to be hejd by the club
at which the different candidates would
appear and address the club on the issues
of the day. The committee reported that
all arrangements had been perfected for
the first meeting of the series, to be held
at Odd Fellows' Hall on Monday evening,
October 17. Charles S. Patton, Mayor
Phelan, Julius Kahn and James H. Barry
have accepted invitations to be present
and make thirty-minute addresses on na
tional, State and municipal topics. This
Is the first and perhaps the only time that
rival candidates will appear on the same
platform.
German-American Republicans.
The executive committee of the German
American Republican Club, the member
ship of which has increased to about
1000, held a meeting on Thursday evening
at the Golden West Hotel for the pur
pose of calling a general meeting for this
Saturday evenirfg at Norman's Hall, 413
Bush street. The meeting was only in
tended for the election of -officers and a
reunion of the members, and there were
no invitations to any of the candidates
for this meeting issued. The club will
call a mass-meeting later on when all
the local candidates will be invited to
attend. The following members of the
executive committee were present: Rob
ert Wienecke, Dr. F. P. Muff p. Dr. Brune,
F M Freund, Oscar Tolle, Charles Sam
uels, R. Munk, A. Bauer, G. A. Rutz, M.
Kohlman, Josef Schierer and Charles
Droescher.
United Labor Ticket.
The investigating committee of the
United Labor party met yesterday after
noon for the purpose of making further
nominations on Its municipal ticket. P.
H. Norton of the committee acted as
chairman and F. A. Seaman as secre
tary. The following nominations were
made: Assessor. John D. Siebe; Super
intendent of Streets, Richard P. Doolan;
Treasurer, I. J. Truman; Police Judges,
E. P. Mopan and A. B. Tread well; Su
perior Judges, Davis Louderback, John
Carson, Frank Murasky and H. M. Clem
ent. The committee will complete its
labors to-morrow.
Austrian-Slav Republicans.
The regular meeting" of the Auptrian-
Slav Republican Club executive commit
tee was held at Apollo Hall, Sl2 Pacific
strft-t, P. Milloplav presiding. The report
<^ t>ic- committee In regard to the holding
el *?".c ratification meeting of the State
ticket was decided, and the meeting will
be held next Thursday evening.
The fac-simile y^ 7 v/frTT^T^ to on every wrapper
signature of C^^V^^k .of CASTOEIA.
REPUBLICANS
TO LISTEN TO
GEN, BARNES
Oakland Will Have a
Parade To-Night.
UNION LEAGUE AS GUESTS
CHANGES IN THE SALARIES OF
COUNTY OFFICERS.
Next Year the Big Reductions Made
by the New County Government
Act to Go Into
Effect.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 14.
To-morrow evening General W. H. L.
Barnes will deliver one of his orations in
the Tabernacle. The Union League Club
of San Francisco, with seventy-five mem
bers in line under Captain Thornton, will
cross the bay with their band, and will
be met at the narrow-gauge depot by the
Republican Alliance of Oakland, with its
band. General Barnes will arrive a little
earlier, and will be tendered a reception
at the Athenian Club. v
The parade, consisting of ail the Re
publican organizations of the city, will
march through the principal streets and
will be reviewed by General Barnes in
front of the Athenian Club, whence all
will march to the Tabernacle.
On January 1 Alameda County will come
within the Jurisdiction of the new county
government act, which cuts largely the
salaries hitherto enjoyed by county of
ficials. Following stipulated salaries will
be paid the new officials:
County Clerk— Salary. $4000; chief deputy,
$1600 four courtroom deputies, $1500 each one
deputy $1000: two deputies, $1200; one diputy.
$900- one copyist, $600. Total, $15,800 per annum.
Sheriff— Salary. $4000; 1 under sheriff, $2400;
chief Jailer. $1500; assistant jailer. $1200; five
deputies $1200 each. Total, $15,100 per annum.
Recorder — Salary, $4000; chief deputy, $15iW;
two deputies. $1200 each; one mortgage deputy,
$1200- copyists, 64 cents per folio of 100 words
Total, $SIOO In addition to cost of copying.
Auditor— Salary. $3000; one deputy, $1500; one
clerk Jr)00•J r )00 • additional assistants not to exceed
$500 in cost. Total, $5900 per annum.
Treasurer— Salary, $3000;. one deputy, $1200.
Total, $4200 per annum.
Tax Collector-Salary. $3000; one deputy. $1500;
one deputy, $1200; one extra deputy for month
of April, $100; 3 extra deputies for July, $100
each- 5 extra deputies for month of August,
$100 each: six for September. $100 each; seven
for October, $100 each, and nine for November.
$100 each. Total. JSfcOO per annum
License Collector— per cent of all licenses
collected by him. L...-
Assessor— Salary*, $4000: chief deputy. $l«00;
one deputy, $1200; 2 polltax deputies. 4 months,
$100 euch; five deputies. 4 months. $100 each;
four copyist!". 4 months. $100 each: eight outside
field deputies for 4 months, $125 per month
each: one cashier, 6 months, $100 per month;
one personal property collector, 4 months. $100
per month; eight extra deputies, 4 months,
$100 each per month. Total. *la.ooo per annum.
District Attorney— Salary. $4000; chief dep
uty $2000; one assistant. $1500; one deputy,
$1200; one clerk. $600. Total. $11,300.
Coroner is paid fees.
Public Administrator Is paid fees.
Superintendent of Schools— Salary. $3000; one
deputy. $900. Total. $3300.
Surveyor— per day for all work performed
In addition to all necessary expenses and trans,
portatlon; actual coat of tracing*, maps, block
books, etc., for use of city or county.
Justice of the Peace— leea.
Constable— Paid fees.
Supervisor— sl2s per month and mileage at 10
cents per mile, not to exceed $100 per month.
Total, $2700 per annum.
The Blade, of which Stewart McMullin
is the proprietor, resumed publication to
day. It is devoted to the interests of vie
Independent party and it declares that on
account of the number of railroad bosses
seeking to control the Republican party
of this county it became necessary that
the new movement be undertaken.
GAGE AND PARTY ARE
NEAR THE FOOTHILLS
THEIR TOUR WILL BE CROWNED
WITH SUCCESS.
Charles L. Pattern, D. L. McKinlay
and Others Booked for Rousing
Meetings Here Next Week.
Henry T. Gage and party are working
their way toward the Sierra foothills, and
most of their engagements for next week
lie within the fruit-land section. At every
point thus far visited by the candidates
th<; utmost enthusiasm has prevailed, and
the halls in which the addresses were de
livered were black with eager listeners.
The party will leave Stockton on Sun
day night for Angels Camp, and, re
maining at the latter place over night,
will proceed to Jackson to fill a date on j
Monday evening. At Intermediate places
brief, warm receptions will be given the
popular candidate.
Sacramento is billed for Tuesday night,
Auburn for Wednesday night, Grass Val
ley for Thursday night, Woodland for
Friday and Redding for Saturday.
General Barnes will remain with the
party at all places except Woodland,
where an arrangement has been made by
which Senator Perkins will make the sec
ond address.
.throughout the State the various Re
publican orators are still moving. Each
predict a wholesale victory for the party,
and say that few counties will give
Maguire more than the shadow of a ma
jority. Senator Perkins will be in Stock
ton to-night, Judson Brusie and Frank
Ryan in Forest Hill, Victor H. Metcaif,
T. V. Eddy and Frank P. Kelly at Rio
Vista, J. C. Needham ajid C. W. Kyle at
Visalia, General W. H. L. Barnes at Oak
land, D. A. McKinlay and A. P. Van Du
zer at San Rafael, Judge R. B. Carpenter
at Santa Barbara, F. H. Short at Otay, !
John T. Dare and James Oliver at Green
wood, T. G. Phclps at Paso Robles, Gen
eral A. L. Hart and T. B. Hutchison at
Ukiah and A. J. Monroe at Shasta.
Oliver Webster Davis. Assistant Secre- j
tary of the Interior, will arrive in the.'
State Saturday, October 22. He Is ono of
the most brilliant of Kastern orators, and i
will mako his first address In Sacramento ;
shortly after his arrival. He is expected
In this city about October 31.
Charles L. Patton will address the peo
ple of this city at three rousing meetings
to be held In the fore part of next week.
At the first, held Monday evening in
Drew's Hall, 121 Montgomery street, D. :
A. McKinlay and Julius Kahn are among ]
the speakers. The second will he held at
Cyclery Hall, Halght and Stanyan streets, '
oil Tuesday evening, under the auspices
of the Julius Kahn Club, and the third
Is booked for Metropolitan Temple on |
Wednesday night. At the last, which will
be a general maps-meeting, D. A. Me- j
Klnlay will discuss. In particular, the
subjects of protection and single tax.
WANTS TO SEE GAGE ELECTED.
Master Harold Maguire Is Opposed
to His Father m Politics.
Out In the Humboldt Primary School
the boys have organized a Gage Republi
can Club, and Harold Maguire, son of
James G. Maguire, the Democratic nomi
nee for Governor, is its president.
One of the brightest boys in the school
Is Master Harold. He is first in his class,
the leader in sports, and molds the poli
tics of his fallow-pupils. The boy comes
honestly by his love for a good, woll-con
tested campaign, as his father has been
in politics for nearly a generation.
There is a split in the Maguire camp,
however. The father, as before stated, is
an ardent Democrat, for the time being,
■while the son is an avowed Republican
and a stanch supporter of Henry T. Gage.
Harold is a Gage man, or, more correctly
speaking, a Gace boy, first, last, and all
the time, and candidly admits that he
would like to see his father beaten In the
gubernatorial race.
Before vacation Harold went to school
daily with two Gage buttons In the lapels
of his coat, and now says he will con
tinue wearing them until his candidate
has been chosen Governor of the State.
Harold loves his father dearly, but i I
opposed to him In politics and expects to
see him defeated when the votes are
counted in November.
MUNICIPAL REFORM LEAGUE.
Hearty Indorsement Given the Can
didacy of Many Republican
Nominees.
The Municipal Reform League held a
meeting at 632 Market street yesterday
afternoon. H. R. Fee, vice president of
the league, occupied the chair.
The league indorsed the candidacy of
Julius Kahn for Congress In the Fourth
District.
Charles S. Tilton, the Republican nom
inee for City and County Surveyor, was
declared the nominee of the league.
G. W. F. Cook was nominated for the
office of Justice of the Peace. Frank H.
Kerrigan was also indorsed for the office
of Justice of the Peace.
The following resolution was introduced
by P. B. Nagle Jr. and was unanimously
adopted by the league:
Whereas, It is the desire of all citizens of
San Francisco that good and proficient offi
cials be selected to fill the various municipal
offices at the coming election; and whereas,
A. C. Berthier. the regular Republican nom
inee for the office of County Recorder Is a gen
tleman raised in this State and well known to
the people as an upright and honorable busi
ness man. having been for many years In the
real estate business In our city and is a prop
erty-owner and taxpayer; and whereas, Mr.
Berthier was educated in the public schools
of our city and la a graduate of Santa Clara
College, and in all respects would make a
efficient official, therefore be it
Resolved, That we. the Municipal Reform
League, do hereby endorse the said A. C. Ber
thier for County Recorder of San Francisco.
Many kind words were spoken in favor
of Judge Troutt and the members will
make an individual effort to secure his
re-election, it being claimed that honest
and capable Judges should be on the
bench, especially in the Probate Depart
ment of the Superior Court.
The meeting then adjourned until Sat
urday.
The Martin Fragley Club.
The Martin Fragley Club of the Thirty
second Assembly District was organized
last evening at 759 Brannan street. The
folowing named officers were elected:
President, Fred Kamlade Jr.; vice presi
dent, James Bradley; secretary. Jnmes
Dunphy; recording secretary, Charley
Barberi; treasurer, John Hanlon; ser
geant at arms. Tim Conlln. The follow
ing named candidates were indorsed:
John H. Hoey for Senator from the Eigh
teenth District; Martin Fragley for Su
perintendent of Streets; John D. Siebe
for Assessor; Edward I. Sheehan for Tax
Collector; John B. Carson for Superior
Judge; Thomas Graham for Police Judge
and Dr. J. Hawkins for Coroner.
Maguire League Club.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Forty-third District Maguire Club was
held last evening at California Hall. The
following named gentlemen delivered
speeches on the issues of the campaign:
R. Porter Ashe, James P. Booth. A. A.
Cavagnaro, Louis de F. Bartlett, Charles
Olldf-a, S. L. Waller, R. L. Mann, Hull
McClaughry and James Bowlan. The
club will meet on Tuesday evening for the
purpose of escorting the speakers to Met
ropolitan Hall.
Loyal to Henry T. Gage.
The Thirty-fourth Assembly District
Henry T. Gage Club will meet every
evening at 132 Eleventh street. Candi
dates will address the club. A mass
meeting will be held some evening next
week. One hundred and seventy mem
bers signed the roll Thursday night, and
the following named officers were elected:
President, J. B. Desmond; vice-president,
Lou Meyer- secretary, Henry Frank;
treasurer, P. J. Stoltz.
The Labor Council.
The session of the San Francisco Labor
Council last night was one of the short
est in its history. President Robbins and
Vice-President Davis were both absent
and J. K. Phillips was placed in the chair.
The delegate from the Sailors' Union re
ported that the last transports which
sailed and which are now back in port
had crews composed almost wholly of
green hands, but no action was taken on
the matter. There was Fome discussion
over the distribution of the funds accru
ing from the Labor Day celebration and
the unions will be requested to let the
money remain in the hands of the council
as it is short of funds. M. C. Dunn was
elected to fill a vacancy existing in the
executive committee. Philip Davis was
chosen to fill a vacancy In the law and
legislative committee. The Brewery
■Workmen's Union reported trade good
and that the union intends giving a ball
in Turn Verein Hall on Saturday even-
Ing, November 5.
Scientists Arrive.
Professors W. J. McGee and W. H.
Holmes of the Smithsonian Institution are
guests at the Palace. They represent
two Governmental departments of the
Institution— Professor McGee the Bureau
of American Ethnology and Professor
Holmes the National Museum.
"We are out here," said Professor Mc-
Gee last~evening, "to examine into the
condition of the Pacific Coast Indian
tribes and look up Indian antiquities, and
shall leave here to-morrow for James
town, Sonora and the Surrounding coun
try. Then we go to Los Angeles, where
we separate. Professor McGee to visit
the Pueblo Indians of Arizona and New
Mexico and I to go southward and take
a long horseback trip through South
western Arizona and Sonora, Mexico. We
shall probably return home together in
about two months."
The Cost of Freeing Cuba.
The United States are. certainly entitled to
retain possession of the Philippine Islands If
the peace commissioners so decide, for the cost
of the war runs far into the millions, and the
end Is not yet. The money paid out reaches an
astonishing total. To free the stomach, liver,
bowels and blood of disease, however. Is not an
expensive undertaking. A few dollars Invested
in Hostetter's Stomach Bitters -will accomplish
the task easily. The poor as well as the rich
can afford It,
SCHOENFELD'S
SHIRT DEPOT.
Men's & Boys 1 Clothing
MARKET ST., OPP. SEVENTH.
OUR BIG STORE OVERCROWDED WITH BARGAINS.
Choicest lines. Fins pare wool MEN'S UNDER.
WEAK at 75c each, worth twioe that.
Men's celebrated HTOKIA WOOL UNDERWEAR,
Shirts (doable front and back). Drawers (double
seated) at $1.00 each ; health preservers.
IN OUR CLOTHING DEPARTMENT WE
OFFER WORLD BEATERS.
JUST BEE oar $5.05 MEN'S SUITS and $5.50
KEN'S OVERCOATS, now on display in oar show
windows. .:-H":
MO'tHE&o, ooms to as for your BOTS' CLOTHINQ
it nuasy saving is an objeot to you.
SPECIAL— Fine lines of VESTEE SUITS at $1 35
and $1.85 per salt.
Tor your BIG BOTS, age 13-19, we hare elegant
fluits v low as $3.95 per suit.
j _.
Use f* c *s& and
Facial Soap 2^/ Facial Cream.
If you have a Hump Nose. Roman. Flat. fag.
Red or Broken Nose, or any mark or blemish
on in or under your skin, call on or write
JOHN H. , WOODBt'RY. 127 West 42d St.. N.
T., 163 State St., Chicago.
WBBHy Ca11,51.50 Der Year
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
I Suits and Overcoats. 1
I We are laying much stress these days on I
I an unusually fine line of men's handsome |
I Dress Suits that a lucky chance enables %
% us to offer for the modest (Tl7 fiR I
| sum of 3>IjL.\J»J I
I So much style and such an amount of |
| good, intelligent labor was never before f
% put into a suit sold for so little. About |
| one-third more is the usual price for I
i these suits. A complete line in Cassi- |
i meres, Cheviots and Worsteds in many I
I swell new patterns of solid colors and %
I fancy checks and plaids. I
<>
I Our overcoat offerings include only I
I those of distinctive style — such as can |
I be made only by the best tailors. i
I "Dressiness" is written all over them. I
I They're cut to hang with that particular I
I style demanded by the really swell |
I overcoats made for this season. Just |
I the right length and with every care in f
I . the finishing. Beautifully lined also. In |
I latest shades of Covert Cloth, Kersey |
I and Cassimere. |
| $8.00 TO $25.00 I
I MACKINTOSHES $3.00 AND UP; UMBRELLAS 50 cts AND UP. |
IS N WOOD &CO !
I 718 Market Street, S. F. !
/">fl»w L A D I E Sdo you KNOW £9 Chlchester>. English Diamond BraaA. i
¥%& DR.FELIXLEBRUN'S Pennyroyal PILLS
VJ'-'rt^ **\ Cfoni 5 s DoTlTlTrpntT'll TuoafmOTlf V J~GT?±. Orlclnnl «nd Only Genuine. A
\vir -^ steel | Pennyroyal Treatment vv^vSv rt> . " w ""»"•• " oi " •*
\sfy\* X V> * * „„„„„ Fiji V^afii Drn « in for Ca<cA«t«r« SnalUlk /Wa-jfirVik
1 Jis the original and only FRENCH. •f** 9^S*^ or " i Brand in Red and Gold m*u:iicV*Jß?
j C caf e and reliable care on the mar- Igk £|Ki^w£.to.SS5 ii B J± V
y Srket. Price. $1.00; sent by mail. 1/ «S» flf tiom and imitation: JUDruggim.orienaie,
W \ Genuine Bold only by I W Jg In stamps for particulars teitlmonUli and
GEO. DAHLBEXDER & CO.. Sole Agents. J** &** belief or Ijadle*.** in letUr, br r^tnra
214 Keamy st.. San Francisco. bole Agents. J. MbIL i» 0 00 TMtlmonl.l.. jt^frSpir.
!14 Kearny St., San Francisco. vv — -rChi< > »>e»t«TChenilcolCi».,Mndt«o < i 8< I mwe,
c : r— ttld by all Local Dru«*if ts. y PHIL A. •>£.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, ~~^
|/EAKNY and WASHINGTON SiTS.— RE- XTf r\cklr TVTrkM on/1 \Unrv\r\r\
S modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD & W IYiGII and women
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 50 day.
$5 to $S week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot CHOI'LU USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
and cold water every room; tire grates Id every *-* great Mexican remedy; gives health and,
room; elevator runs all night. strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
"I have used Ripans Tabules and they have done me lots of
good, at least my wife says they have." asserts William Donaldson,
a blacksmith. "After a hard day's work I would eat too much, I
guess," continued he, " and suffer like everything. : My wife's brother
-told. me that Ripans Tabules had helped him and he thought they ■
would help me. I believe they have cured me, but I still take them
tegular, for I would not have them pains again for anything. My
partner said, after I was so much better, that I was ready to get well .
anyhow, and that I would have got well without them. I believe
there are lots of people that are ready to get well just like I was.
They will get well when they take the same medicine I did, and not
before. I have worked hard all my life, first on a farm and then in a
blacksmith shop, and have been troubled with dyspepsia ever since I
was 18 years old. Now I feel like I was sweet sixteen. I think
fcipans Tabules are a. great jaedicin^ - ; ■ v
56
_j t —
"SATURDAY.; OCTOBER 15, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Commu^catiojisJ^V^jS^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL. One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
Washington (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££« Hour*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- j
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market 1
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
Street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMEWTi
Baldwin— "The Dancing Girl."
Columbia- "Elizabeth, Queen of England."
Alcaxar-".Tho Wife "
tfcroECo's- 'The Lights o London"
Xlvoll—" Circus Queen."
Orrheum — Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater—" The Signal of Liberty."
Aihambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
She Chutes— Pletro Marino, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Central Park— Circus.
*.ii..- Inplcslce Coursing Park. 351
Glen Park -The Mission Zoo. Opening Sunday. October IS.
Rosexuhal — Coming in February.
AUCTION. SALES.
By G. H. Ombsen A- Co— Monday. October IT, Real Estate
at 14 Montgomery street, at 12 clock.
TALKING TOO MUCH-
rOR talking too much the parrot was denuded
of its feathers, a San Francisco Chinese was
shot by a tired auditor, and now Chaplain Mc-
Intyre of the Oreyon has been sentenced to loss of
his position. Ultimately the human mind may begin
to grasp the value of silence, for surely the human
mind is acute as that^of a parrot, and the bird caught
on quickly enough.
The sentence passed upon the chaplain will be re
:d by the public as severe. It is not plain why he
should have been singled out for condign rebuke
when so many others have kept their jaws on double
time ever since the opening shot at Santiago. The
Rev. Mr. Mclntyre's mistake was not in telling an
untruth, but in telling the truth, and expressing it in
- of frankness not calculated to soothe the savage
breast of glory-hungry warriors of the sea.
had been on board the Oregon during
the battleship's wonderful journey and while its guns
were thundering at the Spanish fleet. Chaplain Mc-
Intyre naturally thought the Oregon was doing it all.
Thinking so did no harm. The expression of opinion
wrought only sentimental damage. Every citizen has
a clear right to consider his own wife the best in the
1. and it would be a queer sort of a neighbor who
: bis opinion as in any degree a reflec
■ the wife of any other man.
Commanders who do not dodge when ten-inch
shells are sailing carelessly in their direction ought
to be able to stand against a scattering fire of ver-
There is a supposition that this country is pos
the precious boon of freedom of speech.
Mr. Mclntyre will be excused if he is inclined to
doubt it.
c BETTER FERRY SERVICE.
A QUICKER, mure frequent and more com
us ferry service between this city and
Oakland has long been desired, and seems at
last about to be realized. Flans proposed by the
Realty Company of Oakland, recently published by
The Call, give promise of a competitive ferry system
which will not only be in itself an improvement on
the existing line, but will force the present monopoly
to make improvements also.
It is clear that until competition is established the
Southern Pacific Company will do nothing to make
their firry service adequate to the requirements of
the two cities. It is equally certain that when com
petition is assured the demands of the people will re
ceive attention at once. These facts have been demon
strated by what has occurred in the San Joaquin Val
ley since the construction of a competing road there.
A competing ferry line will, therefore, work a double
good for the people <>:i both sides of the bay. inas
much as it will not only furnish a new service, but
compel the improvement of the old one.
Several projects for ferry competition have been
put forward of recent years, Inn have failed for lack
of capital sufficient to fight the aggressive opposi
tion of the Southern Pacific. This time there seems
to be abundant capital back of the enterprise to make
it successful. The company has been doing business
in ( hikland for six years and has acquired large prop
erties there. It owns seven of the street railways,
some 4000 acres of land adjoining the city, and has at
Emeryville, where the terminus of the proposed ferry
line will be. upward of 200 acres of land, including an
ample water front for all purposes.
With this property in hand it will be seen the new
company will be in a position to make its ferry ser
vice convenient to all parts of Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley. At the Emeryville terminus connections
will be made with the various railway lines, so that
passengers can be distributed swiftly to any part of
the city or its suburbs, and the time required for the
trip to and from San Francisco will be largely re
duced.
It goes without saying the new company will be
fought by the Southern Pacific as all others have
been fought It will, therefore, depend upon the at
titude taken by the people and the authorities of Oak
land whether the project will be hastened to a prompt
completion or delayed for years.
Owing to the shoal waters on the other side of the
bay a ferry service is not to be easily obtained. A
long mole will have to be constructed and consider
able capital invested before any returns can be ex
pected. That a profitable return will be gained in the
end can hardly be doubted. San Francisco and Oak
land have already reached proportions that justify
the maintenance of two ferry lines, each superior to
the one now operating. If fair play is given the
projectors of the enterprise now under way, the
benefits will be great, and it is to be hoped Oakland
will not permit the Southern Pacific or its agents to
prevent a consummation so much to be desired.
All that Aguinaldo needs in order to hang himself
b a supply of rope, and Manila is a good place for
rope.
(\ SOCIAL TRAGEDY AVERTED.
THE incident has passed as a news feature, but
is subject to comment in its relation to the
function of journalism. The Call was for a brief
space the recipient of unfriendly criticism, which was
probably the source of profit to the evening papers
which printed it, because it made timely exposure of
the machinations of an adventurer who had pushed
his shape and veneering of manners to the verge of a
matrimonial union, which would have been advanta
geous to him, but infinitely distressing to its beautiful
and wealthy victim and humiliating to her family and
friends.
We were careful to avoid that sensational treatment
of the matter to which its dramatic and revolting fea
tures were a temptation that sensational journalism
would not have resisted, as we preferred to apply to it
the severely judicial manner in which The Call treats
all things of human interest.
Our object was not only to prevent a grievous
social tragedy and the sad wreck of a personality en
dowed with every endearing quality that shines as a
refined example, but to make San Fra.:cisco an un
profitable field for the operation of other adven
turers who may find it convenient to ply their arts
under the mask of an assumed name, used to cover a
life led in defiance of morality and honor.
Women are peculiarly susceptible to abuse through
their affections, and all good men, in memory of their
mothers, owe to the world a duty in the exposure
and the punishment it brings of men who adopt this
abuse as at trade profitable to themselves and destruc
tive to their victims.
The Call is glad to have been the means of that
moral sanitation which has made all homes within its
influence safer from a risk that is more appalling than
a physical pestilence. Ills of the flesh may be treated
and cured, and physical health, and life's enjoyment
that goes with it, may be restored and the havoc of
disease so repaired that it leaves no trace and is for
gotten. Not so with those wounds of the spirit,
those set sorrows which are inflicted by the sinister
adventurer who has counterfeited with a cold heart
the sincerities of affection, which have but one pure
fountain, and that in the upright character and honor
as stainless as a star.
The case which we have treated from a desire to
protect the innocent and guard the community from
sinister invasions in the future is not so singular as
to warrant any other feeling on the part of those who
have been rescued from impending ruin than grati
tude for their escape. Their position is no way dif
ferent from what it would be had any other form of
peril and disaster been avoided by timely warning
and friendly caution.
What passing humiliation may have come is not re
membered by others, who, looking into the peace and
happiness that brighten their own homes, feel more
sure that t+iese are to continue unbroken by the in
vasion of the plotting schemer.
Life has sorrows and separations, cares and bur
dens enough in the natural order without the intro
duction of these tragedies which blight and tarnish
all within their influence. •
The purpose of The Call is accomplished, and
hereafter in all homes the danger signal we set flying
wili be remembered, and momentous issues of life,
which must always be, will have in their decision that
proper caution and sleepless vigilance upon which
future happiness and contentment must depend.
From all sides have come commendations;
fathers and mothers have expressed their gratitude,
and young women whose graces and gifts might mark
them as tbe spoil of the adventurer have not repressed
their expressions of approval. In some of its aspects
the duty we have discharged was not pleasant; in
others it had certain elements of risk and danger.
Rut none of these deterred us in its timely discharge
and we are content with the result.
c DESERVED RENOMINOTION.
DR. W. J. HAWKINS has well merited from the
Republican party the compliment of a re
nomination for the office of Coroner, and ha?
an equal claim upon the county at large for the
honor of a re-election. His administration of the office
has been not only faithful and honest, but thoroughly
efficient, and it would be an act of political folly for
the voters to reject a man of approved worth when
an opportunity is afforded of continuing him in the
public service.
The record of Dr. Hawkins' management of the
Coroner's office is made the brighter by contrast with
that of the management in times past. Under his
administration there have been no scandals either di-
rectly or indirectly associated with the office in any
branch of its work. Every duty imposed upon him
has been fulfilled with an unsullied integrity and con
spicuous success. He has been called upon to deal
with upward of seventy-five cases a month, and
among those which came before him during his pres
ent term were several of extraordinary nature, such
as those of the Durrant murders, and yet in no single
instance has he failed in any particular to accomplish
all that the law and the public welfare required of his
office.
A success so complete in itself and so notable by
contrast with the inefficiency or worse of former
Coroners is a clear evidence that Dr. Hawkins has
not only an honest fidelity in his work, but a special
aptitude for its duties. This aptitude has been in
cieased by the studies and the experience of his pro
fession. A graduate of the medical department of the
University of California, his learning and his skill
as a physician have been of great service in the
Coroner's office, and have enabled him to satisfac
torily solve many problems that would have been
hopelessly bungled by a less competent man.
Dr. Hawkins is one of those Native Sons who have
taken a keen and public spirited interest in civic af
fairs. He has not neglected the general good in his
devotion to his private fortunes. His rank in his pro
fession is attested by the fact that although still a
young man he has been chosen to fill the important
position of lecturir on physiology in the medical de
partment of the university. He is, therefore, one of
those men whom independent citizens desirous of
capable administration in all branches of our local
government should take delight in supporting. His
past four years of office have proven his worth, and
his re-election should be made by a majority so large
p.s to show that the people of San Francisco appre
ciate the services of men who, like him, have honesty,
brains, energy and civic patriotism.
There seems to be a determination that when Gen T
erals Ezeta and Letona meet they shall have a fight
to the death. The fact that neither gentleman has the
slightest idea of resorting to violence has been given,
but no trifling circumstance like this is permitted to
interfere. Several reporters have determined the
encounter shall take place. Either their reputation for
veracity must suffer, or there must be a scrap. The
sojourners from Salvador, ever ready to oblige, must
be in a quandary.
Yellow journalism's war against Shafter has reached
the stage of idiocy. It never had far to go in order
to reach that stage.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
/CONSTITUTIONAL amendment No. 2 (known
I to the statutes as Senate amendment No. 10),
which proposes to authorize the people of
counties in this State, through Boards of Freehold
ers, to frame (jharters for their own government, is
objectionable on other grounds than that it provides
an entering wedge for Maguire's single tax. The
amendment is based upon the "home rule" prin
ciple — which if not carried too far is a good thing —
but besides throwing the farmers of the interior into
the hands of owners of personal property who might
desire at some future day to deprive them of their
lands, it opens the door to a system of laws which
would if enacted prove ridiculous.
In short, the amendment gives the counties more
home rule than they can reasonably ask, and cer
tainly more than on principle they should possess.
For instance, it is proposed to confer upon Boards of
Freeholders which may be chosen to frame county
government charters the right "to prescribe the man
ner and method by which all elections by the people
shall be conducted, and may, in addition, determine
the tests and conditions upon which electors, po
litical parties and organizations may participate in
any primary election."
Since the amendment provides that the charters so
framed shall not be subject to general laws upon the
same subjects, the clause quoted would authorize the
County Boards of Freeholders, as to their particular
counties to repeal the Australian ballot law or any
general primary act which might be passed by the
Legislature. The people of the State cannot sanc
tion any such grant of power as this with safety.
Ballot laws and primary laws ought to be general.
It would be absurd to have fifty-seven different ballot
and primary systems in California, yet Senate
amendment No. io throws the door open to such a
condition. If a particular Courthouse ring of a par
ticular county should desire to return to the straight
ticket system, all it would need to do would be to
capture a County Board of Freeholders and get the
matter before the people. The latter might not be
persuaded to adopt the change, but amid a multi
plicity of issues there is always danger of losing sight
of important ones, and the grant of power might lead
in many cases to turning back the hands of progress.
The Australian ballot system is now well rooted,
and it should be permitted to bear its full fruit.
Whatever good there is in it can only be got out of it
by enforcing and developing the system which it has
established.
Home rule for the counties is an excellent thing,
but in our judgment the framers of Senate amend
ment No. io have given them too much of it. The
counties do not for their own good government re
quire authority to control the manner of voting
within their limits at general and primary elections.
Neither will it subserve their interests to be allowed
*o adopt taxation systems. Legislation on both these
subjects may safely be left to the State, which in pass
ing general and uniform laws may best maintain the
interests of all classes. Amendment No. 2 (Senate
No. io) should be buried out of sight along with Ma
guire.
(\ SUGGESTION FOR PHELfIN.
WE hesitate to say anything concerning the
campaign of Mayor Phelan which will cause
our motives to be questioned, being desirous
of making only a dignified and conservative opposi
tion to his Honor's attempt to become boss of San
Francisco; but there is one suggestion which seems
so apt and appropriate that in the interest of good
government and the public amusement we are im
pelled to submit it for consideration.
Mayor Phelan, in our judgment, could help along
his vaulting ambition by giving an exhibition of his
"hefting" abilities at Metropolitan Hall. As a hefter
he is said to be the champion of the coast. True, he
failed to correctly heft the translated money bags of
ex-Treasurer Widber, but that single failure need
not destroy his reputation.
As boss of San Francisco Mr. Phelan will have to
do a great deal of "hefting," and it is entirely proper
that he should, before entering upon the discharge of
his duties in January next, demonstrate his abilities
before an audience.
This could be done at Metropolitan Hall, or if that
place is too small at the Mechanics' Pavilion. An
interesting feature of the exhibition would be the
hefting of the sack with which the Evening Bulletin
has been fixed. Of course this sack is not large.
Tli£ sheet is notoriously cheap and greedy, but the
introduction of the identical sack and a public exhi
bition of the Mayor's ability to tell by hefting how
much there is in it after Old Man Crothers had
counted it would constitute a pleasing and enter
taining spectacle.
TAKING AN ARTISTIC TUMBLE
IT is not easy to understand why an actress should
be required to tumble downstairs. She is human,
and therefore subject to bruises. She has bones
liable to breakage, and she has flesh over the bones,
else would she not be in the business of bumping
adown a rickety set of stage stairs.
Perhaps there is some value in knowing how to
fall, if fall one must, and to alight on the spots least
susceptible to discoloration aivi jar might be reck
oned a fine art. However, the man who would let go
all holds and yield himself to the law of gravitation
just to show how unscathed he could escape would be
considered foolish. It is well to know an antidote
for poison, but not to swallow the poison so as to
demonstrate the efficacy of the antidote.
Comparatively few people fall downstairs. There
is a decided preference for getting down some other
way. The landing is more satisfactory if not too pre
cipitate. Provided one is thoughtful enough to keep
sober and to avoid being kicked at the top of the
flight, there is little danger, and small need of prac
tice. However, there are suggestions brought up by
consideration of the matter. Let a scene be intro
duced showing a graceful and safe method of leaving
a car and touching the street ear first. Let the pub
lic have an object lesson in the glide resultant from
stepping upon a banana peel, the essential gyrations
following collision with the deadly wheelbarrow, the
proper angle to assume after having been met by a
bicycle. All these things would be picturesque, prac
tical and instructive. Nobody wants to know how to
tumble downstairs, but rather how to avoid doing so.
But the other experiences mentioned are parts of life
as we have to live it.
Soldiers who have enlisted and have been kept on j
duty near home may find comfort in the thought that
had they gone to Manila some would never have
come back. And even the glory won over there
does not seem to have been distributed in a satisfac
tory manner.
Howard Gould happens to be in a condition to
forfeit $5,000,000 if necessary for the privilege of ac
quiring a wife, and still have enough left to keep the
wolf from not merely the door, but to chase the ani
t mal off the premises.
TOO MUCH HOME RULE.
THE SUNDAY CALL
OCTOBER 16, 1898.
( Writes on
A TT TT 1 f "*^ TT^\ TT V If Tf TT jl *^ /T^ TT TT /^^vTT YTT 1^?
ALICE RIX • THE GHOULS
Of Fashion.
SENATORS ALLISON AND LODGE
ON THE GREAT QUESTIONS OE THE WAR.
Marriage and Divorce as Regarded
By the Different Sects.
■ . . il )i y \\, 11 11 IL>' 11 il 11 11 il 11 it 4a^ «/ *^ lv£2) 9
<J><s><j><S><S><^<S><^<B><^^><J><S>^>-s><s><3><s><s> <S><s><2><?> <J»<s><S> <^<J>^>^><S > <^<$> < S><s><S><^<J><s'<S>^<s><^<S><S > <$><S><^<J><$'<S>^<$><^<S><S > <$ > <J > <S>'$ >< S > <? >^ >< $ >< S><^
: WONDERFUL POSSIBILITIES OF OZONE. I
♦ ♦
THE GREAT TOLSTOI SEMI- m PERILS OF. ALASKA GOLD-
CENTENNIAL. T HUNTERS. '
PAGES OF OTHER SPECIAL FEATURES.
THE SINGLE TAX
AND LABOR
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 13, 1898.
To the Editor of The Call: I have
read Mr. Pon y's statement of the
good things that will happen to the
people when they adopt the single tax
with considerable interest. As to the
first proposition, that it will cheapen
land, I think no one will try to combat
that statement, as land is always
cheaper where the tax rate is too high.
I think it would probably discourage
speculation so far as farmers are con
i n, ■■>!. It takes cash to speculate or
gamble, whichever term you prefer,
and if the farmers had to pay all taxes
for State, county and school purposes
I rather think their available cash
would hardly be sufficient to speculate
with to any great extent. As to rais
ing the wages of labor I, as a working
man, am of the opinion that it will
raise the wages of labor provided it
will change the nature of the bosses
and make them want to give all the
profits of their business to their em
ployes. Otherwise they will continue to
want the biggest day's work for the
least money possible. It would probably
increase the net earnings of capital in
1 in certain lines by relieving the
same of its just portion of taxes. But
why single taxers or any one else ex
cept said capitalist should want to do
this I am at a losa to know. How it
would reduce farmers' taxes by making
them pay all the taxes is a conclusion
that only a aingle-taxer cou:d possibly
arrive at. In other words they propose
in diminish a quantity by increasing it.
Mr. Single Tax had better go back to
his arithmetic.
If it will make men live up to the
golden rule it will probably prevent
one man from living off the labor of
another, but this is not done to as great
an extent as some agitators presume.
As for collecting the single tax I hardly
see how they would do it, for they could
not sell the land for the taxes as cer
tainly no one would want to invest in
land just for the fun of getting taxed.
C. C. PEASE.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
V. "W. Gaskill, a Jackson mine owner,
Is a guest at the Grand.
. J. M. Glass, Chief of Police of Los An
geles, is at the Baldwin.
Hon. R. and Mrs. Boyle of Mountain
View are at the Occidental.
L. M. Price, a prominent Philadelphia
merchant, is at the Baldwin.
Captain Charles A. Adams and wife of
Mare Island are at the Occidental.
A. C. Bilicke, proprietor of the Hollen
beck, Los Angeles, is at the Baldwin.
C. M. Hartley, one of Vacaville's largest
fruit growers, is a guest at the Grand.
F. H. Buhne, Supervisor and hardware
merchant, of Eureka, is at the Grand,
F. S. McCormlck, Sacramento agent of
the Union Pacific, is in the city for a few
days.
John Bruner, the large furniture man
ufacturer and dealer, of Sacramento, is at
the Grand.
L. W. Fulkerth, the well known attor
ney, of Modesto, is at the Grand, accom
panied by his wife.
A. G. Campbell, the well-known mining
man of Fortuna, accompanied by his
wife. Is at the" Grand.
J. S. Runnells, chief counsel of the
Pullman Palace Car Company, has, for
some days past, been a guest at the Pal
ace.
J. E. Polngdestre, a prominent mining
man of Nevada City and a large stock
holder in the electric company of that
town, is at the Grand.
S. Hideshima, one of a party of Jap
anese officials to inspect the new Japanese
man-of-war Chitose, has arrived from
Seattle, and Is at the Occidental.
J. McMurtrle, a railroad contractor of
Denver, now engaged on the Southern
Pacific line between Santa Margarita and
San Luis Obispo, is at the Palace.
J. S. Fee, a well-known Government
surveyor, who has just returned from a
year's work in Alaska and the Arctic
regions, is stopping at the Baldwin.
■ m .
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— James R. Tucker
of San Francisco and F. W. Thompson
and wife of Lob Angeles are at the Hoff
man. Mrs. S. Sussman and Miss Suss
man of San Francisco are at the Nether
lands. Roy Leventrltt and E. Glover and
wife of San Francisco have "one to Paris.
♦ . —
"What weapon did Samson use in slay-
Ing the Philistines?" asked the Sunday
school superintendent during the general
exercises.
"He — he didn't use none," sputtered a
little red-headed urchin on the back row
of seats. "He didn't git Inter de scrap
till dey was all sunk."— Petrolt Free
Press.
RED CROSS MEMBERS TO
MEET IN CONVENTION
DELEGATES FROM ALL OVER
THE STATE TO ATTEND.
New Officers to Be Elected and Im
portant Business Transacted.
Lunches for Outgoing
Troops Wanted.
Members of the State Red Cross So
ciety are looking forward with deep in
terest to the annual meeting, which is to
be held in the parlors of the First Pres
byterian Church on Tuesday and \Wdnes
day morning next. Over fifty auxiliaries
have been invited to send delegates, and
in every instance they have accepted the
invitation. The work of the organization
during the past five months will be out
lined in reports, and matters of import
ance to the society will be considered.
The delegates will elect their officers and
executive board for the coming year.
Friends and those interested in the work
of the society are invited to attend the
convention, which promises to be inter
esting.
The local society appointed as its ad
visory board the following well-known
workers: Colonel Parnell, Miss Stlnapn,
Mrs, Paulson, Mrs. Morgan and Mrs. Mo-
Kenzie.
The hospitality committee once again
appeals to generous and patriotic people
to aid them In furnishing the troops
that are shortly to leave on the outgoing
transports with lunches. Donations of
fruit, lemons and limes are asked for. as
la also bread and butter. Up to the pres
ent time 72,tW2 men have been entertained
by the committee.
That the boys who have already voy
aged to southern waters were pleased
with the food and dainties furnished by
the people of this State through the me
dium of the Red Cross Society is shown
by the many letters received by resi
denta of this city, in which soldiers state
that had not they recei ed such supplies
they would have suffered greatly, as most ]
of the food could not be eaten and was
thrown overboard.
Donations were received at 16 Post street
from Berkeley, Nevada City, Monterey
and Pacific Grove, Valley Springs, Val
lejo, Poeatello, Idaho, St. Helena, Oak
land, Los Angeles, Seattle. Martinez.
Mendocino: thirteen boxes of dried fruit
from Portland; F. A. Folger & Go., largo
donation coffee; American District Tele
graph, twenty-five bottles of liquid food.
Donations were received at the Ferry
hospitality rooms from Mrs. Wakefleld
Baker. Mrs. Owenberg, Mrs. Sperry, Mrs.
Tru'sdcll. Miss Meyer, Woman's Ex
change, Mrs. James Cunningham. Miss j
Belle Armer. Miss Morton, Mrs. William :
Hass and Miss Hastings.
At the executive session of the San !
Francisco Red Cross Thursday the resig
nation of treasurer (Miss Brynes) waa
accepted, and the assistant treasurer
(William B. Harrington) was elected to i
fill the vacancy.
OPENED TO A LARGE CROWD.
Holy Cross Fair Attracted Many Vis
itors to Native Sons' Hail
Last Night.
Native Sons' Hall bore a handsome ap
pearance last night, the occasion being
the opening of the Hn]y Cross fair. The
large hall was beautifully decorated, and
the booths and their pretty dwellers,
dressed as they were in white and colored
silks, made the interior take on a gala
appearance. The large gathering that
assembled was entertained by sweet mu
sic and by the amateur spielers who
stood outside the various booths appeal
ing for recognition. Pretty girls moved
through the throng gelling tickets for
raffles, each advertising her own as tho
only booth worth visiting. As there were
many booths In the hall and as they were
constantly crowded it was apparent that
their appeals were effective.
Before the close of the evening a large
number c* sales were recorded, and.
judging by the large number who gener
ously distributed money last night, tbe
charitable affair should be a success.
Mayor Phelan opened the fair with ap
propriate remarks, and during the even
ing an excellent orchestra furnished mu
sic.
Among those who figure in the booths
are:
Holy Cross Church booth— Mrs. John Spottls
wood, Mrs. M. Holmes, Mrs. Kearney, Mrs. O.
Pohlman. Mre. Gallagher, Mrs. C. C, Mohun, !
Mrs. O'Brien. Mrs. Lyons, Mrs. Thompson,
Mrs. Deitels, Mrs. Cochrane. Mrs. Green, Mies i
Rose Grant. Miss M. Grant. Miss H. Orote the I
MiB3P6 Mci'lofikey, the Misses Rutledge, Miss
F. Mnhun, Miss Cr.dy, the Misses Olsen, Miss
T... Pahlman, Miss M. Gallagher, Mlfb N. Grl
lnßher. th<> MlMCfl McGinn. Miss B. Smith
Miss K. Kelly, Miss M. Stone, the Misses Scott
Miss Marie Wilson, Miss N. Dugenals. Miss T
Barron, Mlsa S. Dlxon. Miss ('. Murray, Miss;
A. McArdle, Miss M. Spottlswood.
Pinr.eer booth— Mrs. James Regun, Mrs. W.
P. Dougherty, Mm. Frank Buckley, Mrs
James Dougherty. Mrs. Peter Connelly Mrs
G. H. O'Brien, Mrs. E. Hnrtrtck, Mrs J \y
MeDonaM, Mrs. William O'Toole, Mrs. Ber
nard Dougherty. Mrs. J. T. Harry, Mrs. Ven
neman, Mrs. ( '. P. Raborg, Mrs. B. A. Penton
Mrs. Richard Brown, Mrs.^ Peter McCarthy'
Mrs. Daniel O'Connor. Mra. H. Gallagher Miss
Annie Keefe. Mi*s Reisecra Durney. Miss Mnml c
Doupherty, Miss Sunah McGory, Mils J. Dullea
Miss Mary McKinley. Miss A. Connelly. Mlns
J. MUrphy. Mlf=3 C. P. ReKan. Mies 15. Behm
Miss A. O. Kepan, Miss N. Barrett, Miss l'
Reican. Miss M. L. Barry.
New Holy Cross Church booth— Mrs. William
Hannlican, Mrs. J. McOlnty. Mrs. j Koeks
Mrs. E. Mendell. Mrs. M. Mohrdick. Mrs h'
Davy. Miss Mary English. Miss Mary nishop'
Miss Genevleve Geary, Miss Mary Geary, Miss '
The fac-simile />$ y/fi . <,r~ is on every wrapper
signature of l*a//]£7etfcZte of CASTOEIA.
Katherlne Murphy. Miss Clare Hampton,
Misses Belle and Sadie Richmond. Miss Lena
Runge, Miss Henrietta Parke. Miss Margaret
Byrne. Miss Lucille O'Connell. -
Sacred Heart booth — Mrs. Charles Casassa,
Mrs. M. J. Kelly, the Misses Ford. Mrs. M. .1.
Gately, Mrs. D. Powers, Miss M. Ostrander,'
the Misses Casassa.
Dewey booth— Kittle Nolan, Mrs. P. F.
Nolan, Mrs. J. F. Nolan. Miss G. Nolan, Miss
L. Nolan, Miss K. Arnold.
Native Sons' and Daughters' booth — Mrs. C.
F. Knapp. Mrs. Frank Dunne, Mrs. D. Bradley,
Mrs. W. T. Allen, Mrs. "W. Swift, Mrs. Kemp
Van Ec, Mrs. Perrazo. Miss L. Savary, Miss
S. Sullivan, Miss M. McCarthy. Miss 11. Buck
ley, Miss a. Sherry, Miss A. MischTer. Mrs. B.
Byrne, Miss N. Mulcay, Miss M. Andrews,
Miss L. Cary, Miss M. Ryan, Miss L. Lean
ord. Miss Adelaide McColgan, Miss Blanche
Nordman, Mrs. Jessie Levy, Daniel Ryan.
Frank Smith, Gus Hyman, Louis Sehord, Paul
McDonald, James O'Gara, Albert Bollnt. John,
Bookman, Willie O'Neill, Thomas O'Neill, Gu«
sie Fleishner, Dr. Murrey, Dr. Cooney, Wil
liam Enright.
St. Anthony's booth— Miss Katherlne McFad
den, Mrs. W. Kennedy, Mrs. J. O'Keefe. Miss
M. O'Keefe, Miss G. Frost. Miss M. Carrol!,
Miss M. Van Pelt, Miss M. Boyce. Miss A.
Powers, Miss M. Manning, Miss M. Lugagn,
Miss C. Hussey.
Richmond District booth— Mrs. K. Kelly,
Mrs. Egan. Mrs. P. Reilly, Mrs. M. J. Kelly,
Mrs. McGrath. Mrs. Dlckeon, Mrs. Watson,
Mrs. Glynn, Mrs. Harrison, Mrs. McGovern,
Mrs. Wynne, Mrs. Herrie, Miss L. Keefe. Miss
H. Bradley, Miss A. Kelly, Miss May Nolan.
California booth— Mrs. J. J. Dunn, Mrs. J.
Fltzhenry. Mrs. M. Ahem, Mrs. W. Boyle,
Mrs. P. Golden, Mrs. J. Kane, Mrs. Barrett,
Mrs. Carroll.
St. Francis Xavler's booth— Mrs. M. Chand
ler. Mrs. Dunn, Mrs. Egan, Miss E. Keliey,
Miss R. Chandler. Miss D. Fara.
Floral booth— Mrs. John Pettee.
"Holy Cross Fair News"— John O'Toolp,
editor In chief, assisted by Miss Emily Hart
rick, Miss Agnes Regan, Miss May O'Toole
Thomas O'Neill.
Shooting Gallery— Walter McDonald.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TRANSPORTATION— A. O. S., City.
The Government allows a soldier if mus
tered out at a point distant from the place
of enlistment the amount of transporta
tion from that point to the place whero
he enlisted. The rate is determined by
the cost of transportation at the time of
mustering out.
RING. THIMBLE AND SIXPENCE—
J., Monterey, Cal. When a ring, a thim
ble and a sixpence are placed in a cake
they mean wedding, industry and wealth
That is if after the cake is cut an un
married person receives a piece with tho
ring in it it means that that party will
be the first of the company assembled to
be married, the one drawing the thimble
will always be industrious and the ova
drawing the piece with the sixpence in
it will be wealthy.
GENERAL— The Ramona, City. George
Washington was not the only genera! of
the army of the United States. The of
fice was abolished in 1802 and was revived
in 1566 for General Grant. He was followed
in that office by Sherman, and the office
became extinct in the retirement of Sher
man, November 1, 1888. It was once more
revived for General Sheridan, who held
it rrom June to August. 1888, having been
promoted from lieutenant general. Since
his death the office of lieutenant general
and general have ceased to exist.
DISABILTTY-G. E. H.. City. In the
United States the disability of an alien is
that he is deprived of the right of
suffrage, except in some States, where,
after a certain period of residence, vary
ing from six months to two years, and a
declaration of intention to become a citi
zen, he may exorcise the privilege of suf
frage. He is also deprived of the right of
holding office, while in some States there
is disability as to the holding of property
and inheritance. A naturalized citizen's
disability is that he cannot hold the offlco
of President of the United States nor that
of Vice President, as he might be called
upon to till the nfPce of President as in
case of the death of the President' or of
his impeachment.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business housr -. and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
We have the newest and best line of
trunks and valises in the city. We stamp
your name in gold letters, free of charge,
on all ladies' pocket-books, billhooks, card
cases and other fine leather goods bought
in this department. All tie new things
for fall trade now op exhibition and sale.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
. » . —
"I see that Barnes Tormer's new farce
comedy is said to have much more liter
ary merit than the general run."
"So I hear. I'm really sorry, too. I
hoped poor old Barnsey had struck some
thing that would Indianapolis
Journal.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car is nicely upholstered In leather,
■ayes every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Tick
ets on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates
T. K. Stateler, general agent, 63S Market st.i
San Fronci.-
If your stomach is deranged try the genuine
Imported Dr. Piegerfs Angostura Bitters In
wine or whisky before meals.
"That fortune-teller said If I paid her $5
she would reveal to me why I don't set
rich."
"Did you give it to her?"
"Yen, and she told me I had a great
weakness for fooling away money."—Chi
cago Record.WIND JAMMERS
IS COLLISION
ON THE BAY
A Ship and Brig Bump
Together.
NOT MUCH DAMAGE DONE
RIVAL FERRY STEAMER CREWS
ARE AT OUTS.
The Spring Valley Water Company-
Brought Up With a Round
Turn by the Harbor Com
missioners,
The British ship Star of Russia and the
re 1:1 collision off Black
• : moon. Luckily both
-:.t damage, and
without any trouble.
sia arrived from Antwerp
on tli> she got in dur
e night she wus anchored off Black
i t.> await the ljuaramine Officer.
g no dock room available she
.it her anchorage. The Lur
irrived from Kahului yesterday
morning with a very light cargo, and
hor near the Russia to
await Instructions. When the tide began
to fl( ;:i with It, but
the briK t affected.
The wind, how< . charge of the
Lurlir.e and swu it. In a moment
the vessels were in collision.
The news was quickly sent to the Mer
chants' Exchange; ■<! in a few minutes
the tugs Reliance and Aiert were on their
way to the scene. When they got to
Meiggs wharf the two vessels were lying
side by side as though nothing had hap
pened. The captains of both were ashore
and the mates would not accept the as-
Eistance of the tugs. Later, however, the
Lurline was towed to another anchorage.
The ship lost considerable paint; and me
Lurline was badly chafed, but apart from
that neither vessel suffered.
The triangular light for the Alviso-San
Jose freight and passenger business has
reached the acute stage. The steamer
trail Jose has been frozen out, and now
the F. M. Smith and Alvlso are rate-cut
ting in all direction The owners of
both vessels are in the fight to stay, and
"liorax" Smith says he will spend his
last cent before the F. M. Smith is taken
off the run. To show that he is in earnest
he yesterday completed a contract for a
year's supply of coal for his vessel.
The rival steamers and their passen
gers have lots of fun in the Alviso
slough. There is not enough room for
them to pass each other, and when one
secures all the passengers and freight
the other gets away first and generally
succeeds in sticking in the mud and
blocking the way. Then the rival comes
along and in order to reach San Fran
cisco has to pull the disabled boat off the
mud. This happens once or twice a week,
and on each occasion the compliments
fly between the two crews. Things are
now about even up between the rival
steamers. The Alviso carries nearly all
the freight and the Smith nearly all the
passengers. In the meantime the South
ern Pucilic says nothing but saws wood.
The tug Rt-fimond met with an accident
in Oakland Cre<=>k the other day. While
going after a vessel that was in the mud
flats her propeller struck a sunken pon
toon and every blade of it was snapped
oft. .Another tug had to be sent to tow
her back to San Francisco, and she is
now on the California drydoek for re
pairs.
I'at McAvoy, employed at the Angel
Is. and quarry, had a narrow escape yes
terday. He was employed as a brakefnan
on the gravity team, and was taking a
load of ruck to the landing. He put his
brakes on, but the man in the rear did
not, so the cars jumped the track and one
of the eels went over McAvoy - foot
as he lay on the ground. A big 250-pound
bowlder struck him a glancing blow on
the chest, but luckily only bruised him.
McAvoy was taken across the island to
the Government wharf and was sent 10
Sun Francisco on the steamer McDow
ell. Dr. Fitzgibbon attended to his in
juries at the Harbor i [ospftal.
The transport Indiana came off Hunt
ers Point drydock yesterday, and the
Ohio took her place. The Newport la
being overhauled at the Mail dock, the
Valencia at Howard 3 and the Senator at
Broadway. All live vessels will be ready
to sail next week.
There was a lively little election row
on the water front yesterday. J. Keene,
a. ship-repairer; broke his walking-stick
over the hoad of P. Sweeney, a solicitor
for McPherson and Rucker. Sweeney's
hat was ruined, but Keene's age saved
him from a thumping-. The latter is long
past the three score and ten mark but
is hale and hearty, while Sweeney Is mid
dle-aged. They met near Isom-street
wharf yesterday morning and began dis
cussing the various candidates for office!
■•Stewart Menzies will never win." said
the old man. "You are one of his flun
kies, but all you can do for him .won't
make him win." The lie was passed; and
then Keene ought his stick down on
Sweeney's head. Several of the bystand
ers then rushed in and separated the
couple.
The whaling bark Wanderer arrived
from the Arctic yesterday. She was one
of the vessels that were frozen in last
winter, and as soon as the ice opened up
Captain Buckley headed for San Fran
cisco. She brings down 13,000 pounds of
whalebone, and the captain reports that
the other vessels of the fleet are doing
well.
The Harbor Commissioners and the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
00000000000000000 0000000000000000000
° °
I BRAIN, BRAWN and VITALITY 5
g These Are the Elements Given to Weak Men by That Won- o
o derful Nerve Builder, Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. o
° t-^™ < a nn thin» so strengthening, nothing so Invigorating, nothing o
O MaSetl-m th<f hea'tnfSl eesenc* ofvltality that m^sjnen strong O
2 DR. A. X. SANDEN, * nT m nßilc STdRFS T 2
° 701 Market Street. Corner lUaroy. Ban rr*noli»». NU lIN UttUb dlUnCd. O
** Office hour», .8 a. m. to Bp. m.; Pundayi. M D Banden'» Electric Belt. ~!
O to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal.. 232 Went !■ never sold In drug store* O
ft Second street; Portland. Or., 25S WaahJn»ton ? or by trav*lln* a«ent*s only ft
O street; Denver. Colo., 981 Sixteenth street; ? our ofSe °
O Dallas Tex.. 285 Main street; Butt*, Kont.. at our otao: I q
o 110 North Main street. • *— — 7~ "~ mJT
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
WIND AND TIDE MAKE TROUBLE.
THE tide took control of the Star of Russia and carried her stern Inshore, while the brig <
Lurline being light, was not affected by the tide, but was by the wind. The latter, <
being off shore, carried her stern out, the result being that the vessels collided. The brig (
was considerably chafed and the ship lost some paint. A tug separated them. J
Serins Valley Water Company have
, horns over the water Bupply. The
[atter has 125 hydrants on the Btate
property and runs its mams under tne
State's wharves and not pay a cent
for the privilege, and yet it charges full
;,!,.* for the water supplied. The telephone
company was In the same box, and it was
I f 0 give the commission i»iw
reduction or remove its poles from
■ iter fn.nt. Spring \ alley will have
duce its water bills or remove us
mains and hydrants from the front.
AN EXCURSION
AND A CARNIVAL
Lake Bohemia to Be the Theater of
Unusual Festivities.
Where the Russian KiVer below
Guernewood Park sweeps along toward
Bohemian Grove, a long stretch of pla
cid water above the dam constitutes
Lake Bohemia. It is an ideal place
for racing, as the water is perfectly
calm, protected from winds by high
banks covered with trees, and entirely
This is Lake Bohemia, and to-morrow
(Sunday) there is to be a grand water
carnival, during which there will be
shell, skiff, barge, tub and canoe races
and a game of water polo.
The California North western Railway
Company will run a Bpecial train, tak
ing passengers directly to the lake, for
Jl for the round trip from San Fran
cisco, leaving via Tiburon ferry at 8
a m. Aside from the delight of the
carnival, in which all the rowing clubs
will participate, there is the B]
charm of the trip along the Gueroe
branch of this line of railway,
which is unexcelled in the State.
\long the entire route the traveler is
treated to glimpses of the river, the
tree-clad hills and long vistas of or
chard and vine. Guerneville has long
been ooted as one of the most delight
ful towns of the coast in its hearty en
tertainment of visitors, and for this oc
n the residents have eclipsed all
former efforts in this direction. All are
assured a good time.
The superior train service and fast
' time scheduled for the trip will relieve
the outing of all features of discomfort
and wear!'
Will Be Deported.
United States Commissioner Heacock
yesterday decided to report in favor of
the deportation of Wong Fun Lin, alias
Chum Ah Mun. the alleged widow of an
alleged merchant in Stockton. She tes
that after her husband died she fol
lowed the occupation of a seamstress for
wages— ln fact, was a laborer— and that
although she made her living by manual
labor she neglected to get registered un
der the Geary act, having had ample op
portunity of doing so. The court records
show that she was admitted to this coun
try as a merchant, but Commissioner
Heacock held that when she became a
aborer she lost her legal standing as a
nl find that the < intention of her
v. "one-! a laborer, always a la
" did not apply to her case.
testified during the examination
. ■. native of San Francisco,
but she failed to prove tier claim.
If the lead in your pencil is poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
Imported Sheepskins Dutiable.
Customs Collector Jackson was ad
yesterday by the Treasury Depart
ment that fcheepskins taken from Ameri
can sheep slaughtered in foreign coun
tries are not entitled to free entry, the
value of the skins being improved.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
SUSPECTED OF
ROBBING THE
DEAD WOMAN
Mrs. Barry's Friend
Can't Be Found.
PAWNED HER DIAMOND RING
HEB HUSBAND WILL BEACH
THE CITY THIS MOBNING.
t
The Police and Coroner Believe That
the Woman Drank Herself
Into an Untimely
Grave.
The police are uslnp every effort to
find the young man who lived with Mrs.
K. Barry at S Anthony street, but so far
without success. A description of him has
been sent broadcast and his arrest ia
only a question of time. He is described
as about 5 feet 5 inches tall, thick set,
with stubby hair on his upper lip, of me
dium complexion, dark eyes, s;illow, and
looks like an opium Bend.
Yesterday morning Pawnbroker Frank
lin, on Dupont Btreet, near Suiter, vis
ited Captain Bohen and informed him
that a young man answering the descrip
tion Of Mrs. Harry's friend, called at his
store Thursday night and pawned a dia
mond ring for $15. He gave his address
as 8 Anthony street, and signed th« name
Of Mrs. Barry on the book. Franklin re
quested him to sign his own name also
and be wrote "John Lambert."
It is supposed that when the young
man returned to the house late Wednes
day night he found that the body bad not
yet been discovered, so he took the dia
mond ring and other jewelry and what
money she had left, as her purse was
found empty on the bed.
The police believe that the young man
\h Alexander Donovan of Sacramento,
and are working on that theory. It is
n that he left Sacramento with her
for this city.
Captain Kohen thinks that the woman
drank herself to death. She was suf
fering from consumption, and Dr. (Jal
lagher, the autopsy physician, is satisfied
that death was due to natural causes,
but the contents of the stomach will be
analyzed to satisfy the police.
"The woman was an opium fiend," said
Captain Bohen yesterday. "We have that
from Winnemucca, Nevada, where she
and her husband are well known. She
drank heavily, there Is no doubt of that.
I don't know who the young man is,
whether Alexander Donovan or not, but
from his description i should say that he,
too, was an opium fiend. It is probable
thai the two went on a debauch together,
us no one seems to have seen them from
the time they went to the house till the
woman died. Then when he found she
was dead the temptation came to him
to rob her."
Captain Bohen received a dispatch yes
terday from the dead woman's husband
st:iting that he would reach the city to
day, and would like to take the body
back with him to Paradise Valley to be
burled there.
CAME FROM SACRAMENTO.
Mrs. Barry Said to Have Been Very
Fond of Young Donovan.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 14.— Mrs. Alexan
der Donovan, whose husband is a chirop
odist here, says she became acquainted
with Mrs. Barry shortly before her mar
riage in Reno, and that ever since Mrs.
Barry had visited her every year. She
said Mrs. Barry arrived here on Septem
ber 11 last and stopped with her until a
week ago yesterday, when she left for
San Francisco with Alexander Donovan,
nephew of Mrs. Donovan's husband. Said
Mrs. Donovan:
"She had been sick all summer with a
severe cold, and when I saw her last she
was not feeling well. It was at her re
quest that young 1 Donovan accompanied
her to Sun Francisco. A few days pre
vious to their leaving, he remarked that
he was going to San Francisco to look
for employment, and Mrs. Barry, in my
hearing, asked him to wait for a few
days and go with her, as he could save
her a great deal of walking by assiHt
ing her to get a room and looking after
her luggage. He said he would assist
her, and that is how he came to go away
with MrH. Barry.
Mrs. Donovan said Alexander was very
fond of Mrs. Barry. During the summer
he worked for her husband in Paradise
Valley, Nev. His parents are dead, and
he was his own boss.
Mrs. Donovun exhibited a letter from
Mrs. Barry, wherein she told how sick
she was. adding an inquiry as to Alexan
der's n-turn. sending her regards to him
and hoping that he would be feeling good
when she visited them, so they could have
some fun.
Mrs. Donovan disclaims all knowledge
of young Donovan's whereabouts, and
aays Mrs. Barry was in no way related
to any of them except as a friend.
Water carnival at Lake Bohemia, Sun
day October 16. Round trip, Jl. Leave
Tiburon ferry 8 a. m. ♦
To Prevent Frauds.
Registrar Blggy has determined upon
an important change in the method of
counting the votes in the next election.
Numbers will not be used on the tally
sheets. Instead, the inspector will call
out the names of candidates voted for,
as they appear upon the ballots. The old
time custom was for the inspector to call
out the numbers of the successful can
didates. This left an opening- for fraud,
as few of the persons In the voting
booths could tell from the numbers
whether candidates were credited prop
erly by the inspector.
■ ♦ •
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure gruarant'd. Dr.
Gordtn, Sanitarium, 014 Pine, nr. Kearny. S.F. Cal.
. ♦ . .
GOOD TEMPLARS.
The Grand Lodge Brings Its Session
to a Close — Installation of
Officers.
At the session of the Independent Order
of Good Templars yesterday there was a
good contribution of cash to the mission
fund and to the home at Vallejo.
There was arranged an excursion to the
Orphans' Home at Vallejo to-day, after
which the old board of directors was re
elected to serve for the current term.
Mrs. E. M. North of San Francisco and
T. D. Kanouse of Los Angeles were
elected as supreme representatives to the
international convention to be held in
Toronto In June, IM)9. Mrs. E. J. Cham
berlain of Eureka and J.. W. Webb •of
Fresno were elected alternates. The rep
resentatives were instructed to secure the
next supreme session for San Francisco.
J. W. webb was .lected a delegate to the
Anti-Saloon League, which is to meet
next month in Cleveland, Ohio.
Frai.k E. C culler of Fresno was recom
mended for grand lecturer.
After addresses by W. O. Clark and
Professor Allen of the university exten
sion, l'a.^t Grand Chief Templar Walling
installed the grand officers. The appoint
ed officers are: C. S. Eby, grand chap
lain; George Metcalf, grand marshal;
Bert Belding, assistant grand secretary;
M. .J. Burns, grand sentinel; J. W. Trox
all. grand messenger.
The grand chief Templar delivered an
address, and a clock was presented to W.
P. Netherton of Santa Cruz, the retiring
secretary. Then the Grand Lodge ad
journed.
FRIENDLY HAND FOR HAWAII.
The Islands Invited to Join the State
Board of Trade.
J. A. Filcher, 4 manager of the Califor
nia State Board of Trade, has written a
long letter to the editor of one of the
papers in Honolulu asking him to use
his influence in promoting the project of
making an exhibit of the manufactured
and natural products of the islands with
the California exhibit in this city. Mr.
Filcher sets forth that the objects of the
board are for the purpose of promoting
the Interests o£ this State and inducing
immigration of the better class of citi
zens of the East. Much good has been
accomplished and much more good is sure
to result from the efforts of the body.
Mr. Ftlcher states that since the an*
nexation many inquiries have been made
by people in the East looking to the 'isl
ands for an opportunity to make invest
ments or establish homes. The board has
not been able to furnish all the data
asked for.
The invitation is extended to the islands
to become members of the board, the
offer being to admit the new Territory on
the same terms and conditions as though
it was one of the counties of this State.
It was suggested that this could be ef
fected by interesting the Hawaiian Bu
reau of Agriculture In the subject. In
conclusion the writer says:
It is possible that this board may send a
representative to the Islands some time this
winter for the purpose of acquiring some of
the information and data of which we stand in
need, and Incidentally arranging to cement
more closely the good fellowship of your people
and those of the Pacific Coast. Should affilia
tion with our State Hoard of Trade not be con
summated In the meantime on the lines as here
*UKK<'sted, It would be the duty of the board's
j representative als6 to try and bring this about.
MATRIMONIAL AGENCY DUPE.
Mis. Grace Allison Wanted on the
Charge of Felony Embezzle
ment.
Another victim of Mrs. Grace Allison,
the "rich widow" of Bain's matrimonial
agency, swore to a complaint In Judge
Mogan's court yesterday for her arreat
on the charge of felony embezzlement. He
is Frederick Slick, an old man, employed
at the Union Iron Works.
Shek became a member 01 the agency
in August last and was introduced to Mrs.
Allison. After a few interviews he pro
posed marriage and was accepted, giving
her a diamond engagement ring, for
which lie paid $175. When the time for
the marriage came round Mrs. Allison
made the excuse that she had to go E;ust
to attend to very Important business, but
on ber return she would make him happy,
lie waited and then called upon her
again. This time the excuse was that
her physician was attending to her eyes,
and he would have to wait for a while
longer. Finally he became convinced that
he was being made a fool of and de
manded the return of the engagement
ring, which Rhe refused. Now he wants
her arrested for felony embezzlement.
Liquor Copyright Suits.
The United States of America brought
suit yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court against M. Cronan and George
Wisseman of Sacramento for $500 damages
for infringement of copyright on the la
bels of a certain brand of Angostura bit
ters and Holland gin.
In the United States Circuit Court
Boord & Son brought suit against John
Sroufe and Charles J. Crowell to perpetu
ally enjoin them from Infringing on the
copyrignt of a liquor label or from using
the device of a cat standing on a barrel.
In the same court Jacques R. M. Hen
nessy and others filed an action against
Sruufo and Crowell for infringing a
brandy label bearing the word Hennessy
and a device representing a mailed arm
and a battle-ax.
Hanged Himself.
The dead body of an unknown man was
found hanging to a tree in the Butro
woods near Lake Honda yesterday after
noon by Victor Sartorl, the cook at the
Almnhouse. The deceased was dressed as
a laborer, wearing a worn brown coat
and vest and a cheaj? pair of striped
trousers. From the appearance of the
body he had been dead four or five
months. A silver watch, a pair of spec
tacles and a knife were the only articles
found in his possession-
SENATOR AND
VALENCIA TO
SAIL TOGETHER
Both Vessels Should
Leave Tuesday.
WEEDING OUT THE UNFITTED
KANSAS CAPTAINS COULD NOT
MAINTAIN DISCIPLINE.
Presidio Finally Selected by Colonel
Middleton as the Site for
the General Military
Hospital.
The order assigning troops to the trans
port Valencia was issued from depart
ment headquarters yesterday. As pre
dicted in The Call earlier in the week, the
troops assigned are a battalion of the
First Washington and a portion of Bat
teries A ai.i L> of the California Heavy
Artillery. The Third Battalion of the
Washington Regiment, which has been
stationed at Angel Island, has been the
one selected to go on the Valencia. It is
composed of Companies F, G, 1 and L>,
under the command of Lieutenant Col
onel Fife. From the two batteries there
are 100 men and two officers to go.
Including the assistant surgeons and the
members of the Hospital Corps the Va
lencia will carry altogether 509 men, sol
diers and officers. No notification \va*«
sent the troups yesterday to go aboard,
but it is expected to-day. The troops will
in all probability go on the transports on
Monday, and the Senator and the Va
lencia, will sail together. The Ohio and
Indiana will be ready the last of next
Week, and the Newport by the last of the
month. It Is generally conceded that
General Miller und his headquarters,
with a battalion, possibly from the Ten
nessee Keglment, wil sail on the .New
port.
The Pennsylvania and the Kio Janeiro
are expected to arrive any day. The lat
ter has a number of sick, soldiers aboard,
who are to be cared for at the Division
Hospital. Major Matthews stated yes
terday that he was prepared to take care
of tho men just as soon as they should
arrive. With these two transports in it
will hardly require over four more to re
move all of the troops that have been or
dered to the Philippines.
Major Field, Second Artillery, acting
inspector general, began the work yester
day of weeding out the undesirable men
from the Tennessee Regiment. When the
Tennessee Regiment was mustered in it
was already recruited up to the SI maxi
mum, and when the order came to recruit
up to 106 the regiment was about to start
for San Francisco, and under the circum
stances several hundred men were rapid
ly recruited without very close attention
being paid as to their desirability or iit
ness for soldiers. It is these men who
have been largely responsible for the
regiment's bud name, and it is the same
men that aro to be dismissed from the
service.
The board of officers apppointed to pass
upon the efficiency of Captains Towers
and Watson of the Kansas Regiment did
not meet yesterday. Colonel Funston
said yesterday regarding the fact of tho
two officers having been ordered before
the board, that there were no specific
charges against either of the captains,
but that they did not possess pufticieiit
ability to command companies and pre
serve discipline. Personally, the colonel
stated that he thought highly of both
officers, but that as he was responsible
for the discipline of the regiment it was
necessary to have men who could control
the men under them.
L.pon the application of Colonel Long
the following board of survey was ap
pointed yesterday for the purpose of as
sessing the damage to the transports that
are to be turned over to their owners by
the Government: Major S. F. Thorn,
First Lieutenant J. A. Lockwood, Fourth
Cavalry: and Second Lieutenant F. S.
Munn, Eighth California.
At last a site has been selected for the
general military hospital. Colonel Mid
dleton has finally decided upon the Pre
sidio as the best suited location, and
General Merriam has approved his selec
tion. The hospital is to be built upon
the present camp of the ThiTd Battalion
of the Twenty-third Infantry, which is in
close proximity to the Post Hospital.
In the Divorce Courts.
William Meakln has been granted a di
vorce from Louisa Meakin on the ground
of intemperance. Rose H. Vidaver has
been granted her application for a divorce
from Nixon J. Vidaver on the ground of
willful neglect. Mrs. B. Fromberg ob
tained an order yesterday compelling D.
Fromberg to pay her alimony in the sum
of $20 a month. Frederick T. Bond was
ordered to pay Annie A. Bond $2;> a
month alimony. Suits for divorce have
been filed by Ella del Monte against Tony
del Monte for desertion, Edward Kaut
mann against Frederika Kaufmann for
desertion, Millie F. Trimble against
Claude F. Trimble for desertion, George
W. Held against Mary Ann Reid for de
sertion Edward Milton Elkers against
Lillian Elkers for Intemperance and John
Fauser against Kate Fauser for cruelty.
The marriage of Malsum Nordstrum to
Annie Nordstrum has been annulled on
statutory grounds. Etta L Cabot has
been granted a divorce from John W. Ca
bot on the ground of willful desertion.
A School Girl's Battle.
From The Mall, Milford, Ind.
Miss Emma Bybolt, a prepossessing
school girl of Milford, Ind., is of more
than usual intelligence, and is ambitious
to rise in the literary world.
"In the fall of 1890," said Mrs. Rybolt,
"Emma was taken ill. She was a close
student and her work began to tell on her.
She grew weak, pale and nervous, and
complained of pains in her back, chest
and limbs. A few weeks passed and she
grow worse. The doctor said she was a
victim of nervous prostration, and should
have been taken from school weeks ear-
lier She gradually grew worse, her
nerves were so tense that the least noise
irritated her and she had a fever and a
continual twitching in her muscles. The
symptoms were much like St. Vltus'
dance. »
"A year
passed, and
under a
change o t
p h ysicians,
Emma be-
came some-
what better
but soon was
as bud as
ever. One
day I read of
a case simi-
lar to hers
which was
cured by Dr.
Will lams'
Pink Pills
\^ !S^ :
Her Battle,
for Pale People and I decided to try them.
"Emma had no faith in proprietary
medicines but tried the pills and after
taking a dnzon doses, she began to im-
prove. It was about the first of April
when she began and by the middle of
May, ifter taking about eight boxes, sho
was entirely curfd.
"While ill sho lost twenty-eight pounds,
but now weighs more than ever before.
Her nerves are strong and she is in per-
fect health. We are all confident that Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People
cured her. and I cheerfully recommend
them in all similar cases.
"MRS. E. A. RYBOLT."
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
third day of September, 1897.
CALEB BAKER, Notary Public.
Dr Williams 1 Pink Pills for Pale People
will cure all diseases arising from a poor
and watery condition of the blood, will
build up a run down system and are a
specific for paralysis, locomotor ataxla
and other diseases long regarded as in-
curable, t
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MRS. KHAM ? S ADVICE.
What Mrs. Nell Hurst has to Say
About It.
Deab Mrs. Pixkham: — When I wrote
to you I had not been well for five years;
had doctored all the time but got no
better. 1 had womb trouble very bad.
My womb pressed backward, causing
piles. I was in such misery I could
scarcely walk across the floor. Men-
struation was irregular and too pro-
yf^rsv fuse, was also
/^^^^^^^\ troubled with
Mif i^>j>^-». DM hopes of getting
HtH ■%*"£ "** ("F^lr well 5 everybody
ygfflffljf' -IB thou I had
lraHl *^JhH' consumption.
After taking-
r^[hk^^fj ft! / * five bottles of
) \\™/f I L diaE - pink
i VU\I I il/j'f " ham's Vegeta-
n»'r# ble Compound,
I felt very much better
and was able to do nearly all my own
work. I continued the use of your medi-
cine, and feel that I owe my recovery to
you. I cannot thank you enough for your
advice and your wonderful medicine.
Any one doubting my statement may
write to me and I will gladly answer
all inquiries. — Nell Hubst, Deep-
water, Mo.
Letters like the foregoing, con-
stantly being received, contribute not
a little to the satisfaction felt by Mrs.
Pinkham that her medicine and counsel
are assisting women to bear their heavy
burdens.
Mrs. address is Lynn, Mass.
All suffering women are invited to
write to her for advice, which will be
given without charge. It is an ex-
perienced woman's advice to women.
Set of 6 25c. fiHHi n
7-inch handsomely decorated Cake I j
; Plates ~..10c I
j WILL & FINCK CO., j
\ 818-820 Market St., S. F. jf
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
jM < a^*jij^yQ^*. and diseases of Men,
Debility, Contagious
£*sif|j Blood Poison and
Eagjftf]? wSy contracted ailments,
jtjglj** *l' quickly and pernuui-
iSLS&Jl _j<ilWrt*nf*!r} ently. Largest prac-
/S**? * c^**s'f•ihVr*^ tic « and bt;st equip-
IfiKgr *%&2*)/i} ■S^a>* P ed medical lnstltu-
W»1»" \^~zS?' t o n on c Paclflo
fMSW& .fe^p^eEstablishei 17 Year b
p r vBt^ book and
\ss*y > *^%>s^fcs£4si' office or by mall. All
W'**s V l\x^^^S^k^ letters sacredly con-
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St.. 6. F.
: a !
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
ISC TP~ Full Set of Teeth
NtvJSW" l«^,. extracting freessootrp
*y^Srr&i£*P'* Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up |
3r .s&3f~i* Fillings - - - 25 cts. up |
Q Open Evening? & Sunday*
B^F/W^VS VAN VROOM
Electro Dental Parlors
'*JM IPX 'Sixth and Market
™ Dr. Q W. Klelser, Prop.
AMUSEMENTS.
COMEDY JTHEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-
MORROW (Sunday) at 2 P. M.
SOUVENIR PRESENTS FOR LADIES AND
CHILDREN.
25 cents to All Parts. Gallery, 15 cents.
All Reserved Without Extra Charge.
TO-NIGHT
AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT,
LAST PERFORMANCES,
THE
SIGNAL "IiBERTY!
Secure Seats Now While You Can.
15c, 25c, 35c and ."oc.
Seats— Comedy Theater and 710 Market street.
MONDAY NIGHT,
Clever CLARA THROPP.
AT rA7AD BEATS BT PHONE
ALCAZAR Main 254.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
MATINEE TO-DAY!
First Time at Our Prices,
15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Belasco and De Mllle's Fascinating Play In
Four Acts,
THE— -
WIFE!-=
MOROStSO'S BRANDS
V alter Mokosco, Bole Lessee and Manager.
Third Successful Week of the Popular Actor.
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Magnificent Production of the Great English
Melodrama.
"THE LIGHTS 0 ! LONDON!"
Strong and Exciting Plot.
Augmented Cast and New Faces.
Great London Bridge Scene.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and sOc.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 10c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreilns, Proprietor and Manager.
THE HIT.
TWO BIG SHOWS TO-DAY.
GRAND MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON AT
IP. M.
THIS EVENING AT 8 P. M.
The Merry Operatic Fantasia,
"THE
CIRCUS QUEEN!"
FUN— Fast and Furious. -
MUSlC— Melodious and Catchy.
DANCES — Graceful and Novel.
Popular Price* ........25c and 50c
N. B.— Reserved seats for the Matinee, 25c.
. Our Telephone, Bush 9.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE
GREAT
WALLACE
CIRCUS!
Museum, Menagerie and
Royal Roman Hippodrome.
First Performance Saturday Eyening,
October 15, at Central Park.
TWO PERFORMANCES DAILY THERE-
AFTER FOR ONE WEEK.
THE MIGHTIEST AND MOST MAGNIFI-
CENT AMUSEMENT INSTITUTION
OF THIS CENTURY.
Three Rings; Half-mile Racetrack; 1000 Fea-
tures; 100 Phenomenal Acts; 25 Clowns; 20 Hur-
ricane Races; 4 Trains; 1500 Employes; 6 Band*;
50 Cages; a Drove of Camels; 15 Open Dene; &
Herd of Elephants.
$4000 DAILY EXPENSES.
THE GREATEST PERFORMERS IN THB
KNOWN WORLD are with the Great
Wallace Shows this season, including
THE 9 NELSONS, $10. Challenge Act: THE
ANGELOS,«Aeriallsts; THE 7 STIRKS, Bi-
cycle and Skating Experts; THE 10 DEL-
i LA MEADS, Statuary Artists; MLLE.
NORDA FRENCH. Mysterious Globe; 10
Principal Male and Female Equestrians;
THE 3 PETIT?. Aerial Bar Extraordinary;
LEON AND SINGING MULE, "Trilby'";
THE SISTERS VORTEX, Triple Revolving
eZ |pFCTACULAR BALLET. 19 Cory-
phees, led by Premier Danseuee«.
THE STREET PARADE
The Finest Ever Put on Any Streets, Will Be
Ma
SATURDAY. OCTOBER IS
ADMISSION, 50c. CHILDREN. 25c.
Performances begin at 2 p. m. and 8 p. m.
Doors open one hour earlier.
BALDWIN_THEATER.
ATI NEE TO-DAY, 25c, 50c, 75c.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY.
Production of Excellence by the
FRAWLEY CO.
And BLANCHE BATES.
Henry Arthur Jones' Great Drama,
"THE
DANCING
GIRL."
Frawley Prices— 2sc, 50c, 7Dc and $1.
NEXT WEEK— Auguetin Daly's Comedy, '
"LOVE IN HARNESS."
| COLUMBIA THEATER.
SATURDAY MATINEE. TO-NIGHT AND
SUNDAY. LAST PERFORMANCES.
NANCE O'NEIL
And the McKEE RANKIN CO.
Presenting the Romantic Historical ' Drama,
"ELIZABETH,
QUEEN OF ENGLAND."
NEXT MONDAY, the Real Funny Boy«,
MATHEWS AND BULGER,
In the Rag Time Opera,
"BY THE SAD SEA WAVES.**
MATINEE !o*DAY7latarday, Oct. 15.
j Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
MISS MARY NORMAN. Society Caricaturist.
HOWARD'S COMEDY PONIES. Funniest
! Equine Act in the World.
' JOHNSON AND DEANE, King and Queen at
Colored Aristocracy.
MR. AND MRS. R. J. DUSTAN AND COM-
PANY in Great New Hit "Bella's Baby."
CAWTHORNE ANT) FORRESTER, Bl«
! Laughing Hit. "A Damage Suit."
' LEW HAWKINS, MULVEY AND INMAN.
i THE BIOGRAPH. CARPOS BROTHERS.
NEXT WEEK — EDWIN MILTON ROYLB,
; SELINA FETTKR and FOUR GREAT
NEW ACTS. ■
THE ALHAMBRA.
Corner Eddy and Jones sts.
Harry Jackson Sole Manager
Telephone South 435.
THE ARTISTS: THE PRICES:
Robert Downing. . n^vy+n
Miss Daisy Hamlin. 1U Ijclltb.
Geo. C. Bonifaoa and
Nonna Ferner. ' a £ p firi o
The Queen of Light. XO VJCIIIO*
I "Will S. Rising & 00.
| Moreland, Thompson QfT Panto
and Roberts. &O Jjeillb.
< Miss Lillian Smith.
!Th3 01ifans. KO flpritc
j Ford and Lewis. DXJ Blilb '
! THE SENSATION THE CENTURY!
GLEN PARK— The Mission Zoo.
GRAND OPENING SUNDAY, OCT. 18.
CAN HE DO IT?
PROFESSOR J. WILLIAMS, the World-Ra-
nowned High Wire Athlete,
Will attempt the hazardous and unprecedented
feat of walking a wire cable 1000 feet in length
across Glen Park Canyon 300 feet above th«
ground for a wager of |SW.
GRAND BALLOON ASCENSION AND PARA-
CHUTE DESCE../.
Concert commencing at 12 o'clock by th»
Fourth Cavalry Band, '2o pieces, mounted.
MORRO CASTLE, Full of Interesting Animals.
Children's Playground, Free to All.
Plenty of Swings and Seesaws and other at-
tractions. Take Mission or Valencia st. cars
and transfer at Fourteenth to San Mateo line,
or take Sutter-st. cars and transfer at Harrl-
i son st.
1 Admission, 10c: no further charge.- Soldiers la
uniform admitted free.
CONCERTS AND RESOBTS.
I SHERMAN, CLAY 5 CO.'S HALL
THE HEINRICH RECITALS t
I TUESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENINGS,
OCT. 18 and 20, and SATURDAY AFTER-
NOON, OCT. 21.
MR. AND MRS. MAX HEINRICH AND
MISS JULIA HEINRICH.
Interpreters of the Classics in Song!
PRICES. Toe AND $1 00.
SEATS NOW ON SALE at Sherman, Clay
3: Co. Music House.
SUTROJBATHS.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 16, AT 2:30 P. M. ;
SWIMMING RACES
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES
And Music by the GAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN, sc.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. to 6 p. m.
DR.MOTJLTY.
rj^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
■L Special istcure* Private. Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 2Oy'rs' experience.
' Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hour»9
to3daily;6:3OtoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
taUon free and sacredly confidential. Ca!l,oraddres»
I>r. P. ROSCOE McSCLTY,
gg& Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
.-^•jK- i FT "lj " Is % non-poisoßotai
*^^NB^^ m^^3 remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
4&Bmin i to 6 d»y»-\il Whites, unnatural c!ls-
/aSSf' Ge»r»ntMd i| charges, or any lnflamma-
KW not to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
§:*"— Prsveats contagion. tlon of mil com Diem-
fcrSlmEvANSCHEHinnno. bran «- 3 - Non-astringent.
VbAoincinnati.o BWI Sold by »•»»«*
XBilsV it b a TtSßt or sent in plain wrapper,
3dSffi\«: B '''^ by cj press, prepaid, tot
iJttmHtftl^JlyiPltt f - 00 . or 3 bottles. $3.73.
V^aiaa^ Bt Circular eras on r»4UW&
78
REPORTS FROM
THE
FOOTBALL FIELDS
Th© second game between the Olympics
end the University of California eleven
will be played to-day at the Recreation
Grounds. The season is in full blast,
and the air is permeated with football
talk — so much so that at the two colleges
there is but one subject worthy of con
sideration and that is the gridiron sport.
The public has now a chance to see
both the university teams in action and
to form comparative judgements. The
Olympics, the one team which has played
the California and Stanford elevens and
Buffered defeat at the hands of both, is
the minor premise from which the com
parative judgment is formed. Every
where is heard the question which is the
Stronger team, Stanford or California?
The answer to that is difficult. Neither
team is in a state of even approximate
perfection. Stanford has boon in train
ing but a. few weeks, and California not
much longer. The Olympics have not I
been in actual training ai all, that is as j
far as the playing of daily practice games j
1b concerned. When the University of
California eleven defeated the c}ub men
IT to 0 the enthusiasts raised their hands
and shouted that is the team. But the
following week Stanford defeated the
Olympics 23 to 0, and the shouters
changed sides. The Olympic Club's
strength is not a positive Quantity, and it
wil vary until the men have some other
team to plas against, so it cannot be a ,
true basis of judgment.
Stanford's team of last Saturday showed
Borne strong and some weak spots. The
backs are as yet unsteady, due no doubt
to the little practice they have had.
Fisher, Dole, Burmeister and Murphy
should develop Into a strong and effective
Quartet Murphy Is the sunn- fast run
ner, and he is difficult to equal on a
clear field. However, he seems to make
a clear Qeld every time he starts out,
and then the runner who can overtake
him must indeed be fleet of foot. Mur
phy's kicking is also very tine, and his !
general play Is full of the dash and spirit
that won him hi.-; place at quarter. Stun- |
ford has ends in Parker and Smith who !
are not only str"nK but who display a
knowledge of the frame which is the re- j
suit of experience. Both these men are
developing very Quickly, and before the I
end of the season they will, if they pro- j
grese at their present ratio, be towers
on the extremities of the line. Here !
Stanford's strength stops. At the pres- I
ent time there is a weakness in Stan- j
ford's line that will undoubtedly be dis- j
sipated as the season advances. The cen
ter, guards and tackles are compara
tively Inexperienced and will have to be ]
trained to their positions, but in this !
Stanford does not suffer to any greater j
extent than California; and It is this I
which gives California a favorable chance j
in the big game of the year.
California is not the team it has been
In former years. To discover this one i
needs only to see a single practice game j
on the campus. Where laxity, indiffer- !
enee and carelessness reigned before
there is now close interest, even enthu- (
slasm, among the players. The practice ;
games are full of ginger and earnest
work. Just as much pleasure may be de- !
rived from watching a game on the j
Berkeley campus as in seeing a match •
contest. This is no new thing at Palo :
AHo, but it is at Berkeley. Never before \
did a Becond eleven wearing- the blue !
and gold colors wurk as this one does. !
For the first time in the history of the
college there is really a spirit of com- '
petition among the candidates for the po
positions on the 'varsity, which are open I
to all with the exception of a very few
fixtures.
Cochran is putting his men through
all sorts of evolutions, some new and
come of the regulation order. It is very
likely that they will be used to-day
against the Olympics, and some surprises
■will be In store for the spectators. The I
team has been lining up with Klerfoot i
as quarter to replace Hopper, who is now
on the shelf with a lame knee. Hopper's
injury while not of a serious nature, will !
prevent his playing for some time. He I
■was fast developing into an exceedingly
good quarter, and played very well with
the other backs. It Is to be hoped that
he will soon be upon the field. Another
man who was laid off on account of an
Injury is GreJsberg, who Is not yet in
good shape. He strained a tendon and
the result was an absence from practice
lor about a week. He is scheduled to
play in to-day's game, however. Outside
of these two men the condition of the
men has been excellent. California has
engaged Al Lean, the well-known pro
fessional trainer, permanently. lie re
ceives a yearly salary, and will give all
of his time to the athletes of the uni
versity.
Coach Cross expressed himself as being
eatisfled with his men after the game
■which brought another cardinal victory
to Stanford. This week the work has im
proved at Palo Alto. There is not so
much of that carelessness that was noted
before Cross arrived. It is work and hard
•work on the football field there and the
men are gradually reaching the point
■where there will be grilling practice every
day. About the end of the coming week
the regulation full time play will begin
and from that time on to the end of the
season there will be nothing- but the hard
est kind of work.
The Olympics will be strengthened this
afternoon as far as individual playing is
concerned. Back of the line will be seen
once again the redoubtable Percy Morse,
perhaps the best back who has never had
a collegiate football training. He kept
away as long as possible, but when he
caw that the club team needed some
bolstering up and that things were going
to pieces he relented and is now one or
the Olympic team. Back of the line in
to-day's game there will be for the Olym
pic's: Code, quarter; Morse, right half;
Wilson, left half and Weldon, full back.
This quartet is the strongest the athletic
club has put In the field this year_ The
line has met with many changes and will
not be fortified to any great extent.
Bandy will still play center. The guards
•will be changed and herein lies the weak
spot of the Olympic line. It was the In
tention last night of the captain of the
clubmen to put Sexton at left guard and
Parker, a big 200-pound Hawaiian, as
right guard. Sexton is not In the best
of condition and Is a little weak for guard
■while the Hawaiian is an untried man'
Erskine will play left tackle and Sheehy
right tackle unless a subsequent change is
determined. The ends will be McLaln*
and McNutt. The weakness of the latter
In the game last Saturday was mountain
ous. All the long runs were made around
his end.
The freshmen teams are playing for
all there is in the game. There is every
Indication that the game this year be"
tween the freshman classes of both uni
yersities will be as pretty a contest as
the big game. Last Tuesday the fresh
men of the University of California de
feated the lightweight team of the Olym
pics on J he college cam . the same team
that defeated the Stanford freshmen two
weeks ago. There does not seem to be
much difference in the strength of the
two teams at this day. Both are playing
g-ood ball and the result should be a close
game when they meet two weeks from to-
The Academic League has organized
and prepared a football schedule. To-day
the following games will be played: Oak
land High vs. San Jose High at Oakland-
Berkeley High vs. Stockton»Hl|h at Stock
ton; Polytechnic High vs. State Normal
at San Jose; California School of Me
chanical Arts vs. Lowell High it San
Francisco; Bopne's Academy bit -as
Hall at Berkeley. The game In this riv
W}» b? between the two*hUrti schools and
Should be a hotly fought battle
The various companies of the League of
the Cross are organizing teams Com
pany M and Company H are now in the
field and others will soon follow • me
The lineup to-day will be. as follows;
Olympics. Position. California..
McLalne Left right end.... «- raie
Engine Left tackle .Cornish
Se«on -Left guard right.... Hopper
Bandy Center Gre| b<>re-
Parker .Right guard left Barnes
6heehy Right tackle left....Prin<Mr
MeNutt Right end left Woomble
Code Quarter Klerfoot
Wilson Left half right Thane
Morse Right half left Hall
Weldon Full Kaarsber*
Manuel Again in Trouble.
Rupert Manuel, lately arrested and
charged with having forged his wife's
will, is In trouble for the second time. On
this occasion Manuel is accused of having
misappropriated sums of money belong
ing to Mrs. Emilie Ahlborn and Mrs.
Mary Sanderson, legatees under the will
of Julia S. Kinsman, deceased. Manuel
■was in court and presented receipts, on
their face showing that he had paid the
moneys he is alleged to have misappro
priated, but on being closely questioned
he admitted that he had not paid over
the moneys. The case will again come
un next Monday, and in the meantime
Manuel will remain in jail on a bench
warrant unless he is able to produce
bonds in the sum of 15000.
The Field of Sport
HOW TO CATCH
THE
STRIPED BASS.
Anglers of this city who religiously
read The. Call for information concerning
a'pastime which affords enjoyment to
several members of the so-called gentle
! art fraternity were agreeably surprised
I on scanning over last week's s orting de
! partment to learn thnt tho near future
sport of the angler would be the hooking,
playing and the landing of the game
striped bass.
To the credit of the Deputy Fish Com
missioners, Messrs. Wilson and Cross, be
it said that through their untiring ef
forts the manner of capture of the bass
i lias been discovered in this bay. Wilson,
! with whom every angler of any note is
acquainted, has, for the past two years,
devoted much of his valuable time in re
search, lie has prospected for striped
bass in San Pablo Bay and in many of the
lagoons and estuaries indigenous to the
bay, but without any degree of success
until recently, when furtune finally
crowned his perae%-eranee and efforts.
In the last month Wilson has success
fully hooked and landed several large
i bass by means of trolling with a Wilson
spoon and still fishing. The latter method
I he, however, has proved to be the most
i successful. In a chat with the expert on
i bass n-shlng recently Mr. Wilson said:
"These striped bass are darned cunning
fellows, and unless you are well up in the
; game of hit and stick you will lose more
!ish than anglers generally care to part
: with. I've tried every known device for
1 their capture, and until within the last
' f^w weeks I have been literally off the
j track.
"1 had an idea that the striped bass
! and the black bass had similar ways of
i feeding, but those ideas have very ma
i terially changed -within the past few
! weeks. Experience, of course, teaches,
and through experience I have discovered
that the striped bass is at least 100 per
' cent a more artful cuss than his fresh
1 water brother, commonly known as the
black bass. Why, the striped bass will
dodge away from the shadow of a sea
; gull wing. The sound of an oar or the
I shadow of a boat will scare the striped
I crab and clam eater half out of its wits.
You can say without the least fear of
! contradiction that to be a successful fish
erman for anadromous bass you must
1 have great patience and use rirst class
', judgment in the selection of tackle and
also in the knowledge (which can only be
i gained by experience) of how to present
i your charm to his royal bass-ship.
"The striped bass will not acknowledge
i by touch any old thing. I have tried, all
manner of lures, but until of very recent
date 1 failed to hit upon tne morsel Mr.
Bass fancies most. A few weeks ago I
'■. learned that striped bass were being
i caught in the Oakland estuary by anglers
i who trolled with a spoon by the light of
, the moon. The fish taken, I afterward
ascertained, were of small size, yet oc
i casionally a big foljpw would book on
and as a rule clean out the midnight fish
erman completely of fishing gear.
"As I care little for moonlight fishing
! I will not dwell much on that subject, but
i from what little success I have had with
: the striped bass I will endeavor to give
: you an idea of what I consider the most
I successful contrivance for their capture.
In the tirst place I consider the ordinary
i stiff rod used for steelhead fishing good
I enough for Mr. Bass. A good reel which
i will contain 100 yards of strong line is in
dispensable. The hook, a No. 6, should
be of the very best material. I use a box
] swivel attached about twenty inches from
: the hook to the line and above the swivel
:Is my egg-shaped lead with a hole
i through its center, so that the line can
, run freely through it when the bass
• strikes the bait and makes his first run.
The moment the fish starts on a run you
i must strike quick and hard, otherwise
i Mr. Bass will drop the bait the instant he
THE STRIPED BASS
(Labrax Linneatus.)
AND RIG FOR ITS CAPTURE.
feels the hook, and your prospective sport
is over. I have found that clams are the
best lures for the capture of the striped
bass, but doubtless there are other tempt
ing morsels which they fancy and which
we anglers have not as- yet discovered.
"Henry Skinner, the well known fly
caster, has rigged up quite a number of
hooks and tackle, which anglers desirous
of bass fishing can see by paying him a
visit. Striped bass fishing on this coast
is yet in Its infancy, but in a year hence
I expect to see it the leading sport with
those who fancy angling in preference to
other pastimes/
Drunkenness Saved Him.
The case of the United States against
Joseph Donohue, charged with having
passed a bad half dollar, was dismissed
In the United States District Court yes
terday on motion of the United States At
torney. It was ascertained that Donohue
was drunk when he passed the money,
and that he was not a "shover of the
queer."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
YACHTSMEN ARE
ENDING
THE SEASON
The directors of the San Francisco
Yacht Club at a meeting held last Mon
day decided to hold a minstrel entertain
ment in the clubhouse at Sausalito on
the evening of Saturday, October 29. A
committee of five was appointed to secure
performers and make the necessary ar
rangements. October 22 had been set as
the closing night, but, as the Corinthians
have their jinks on that date, it was
thought best to select a later day. The
entertainment will be for the benefit of
the club, which will provide transporta
tion back to San Francisco for those
who wish to return.
Vice Commodore O. T. S. W hite will
sail to El Campo to-morrow to witness
the Corinthian baseball game.
La«t Sunday several of the Corinthian
yachts went for an outside cruise, among
them being the sloops Clara, Speedwell
Pride Queen, Freda, Truant, Rover and
AQUATIC SPORT NEAR GUERNEVILLE.
O QARSMEN representing all of the rowing clubs on this bay will assist in making the water carnival
© on Russian River a grand success. The regatta will be opened to-day with barge and shell races.
Hobron's new sloop Gladys. The Call
fornian sloop Surprise also cruised out
side the heads. There was a long rolling i
swell and a very light wind. Hobron
leaves San Francisco on October 22,. and
is making arrangements to convey the
Gladys to Honolulu on a sailing vessel.
The American Yacht Club has been re
organized, and there will be a trial of
speed between the sloop Gladys and a
cutter designed by Fife and owned by I
President Dole.
The work on the new boathouse at
Tiburon is progressing. The- rocks have
been blasted at the point, the piers are
being put in, and the lumber is already
OI To-night the Corinthians cruise to El ;
Campo, and to-morrow there will be a ;
baseball game, picnic and small-yacht re- j
gatta. Port Captain J. H. Keefe will ur
n the baseball game and superintend !
the refreshments. One of the nines will
be captained by Frank Thornton and the
other by F. O. Schober. Aeolus, Pride,
Truant, Rover, Clara. Freda and Thetis
Will sail up to El Campo to-night. If the
breeze should fail to-morrow a launch
will tow yachts up from the Cove, start-
Ing soon after the arrival of the 9:30 boat
from the city. regatta to be held to-
The small-yacht regatta to bo held to
morrow off El Campo will probably be
entered by A. Page's sloop Doris, the En
clnal sloops Idler and Petrel and O.
Eastwood's yawl Kittiwake. Other pos
sible ontries are Dulce. Wee Wun and
Preparations are being made for the
Corinthian closing day, October 22. The
jinks will consist of choruses, and songs
by F. Thompson, Ben Tarbpx Oscar
Franks, W. O'Brien, R. Mitchell J. Cath
cart. C. Lelghton, B. Finnic and D . Fin
nle The Nounan brothers will play the
guitar, and D. Mclaughlin will be on
hand, if he has returned to the city by
that day. The drawbridge will be opened
to admit boats to the lagoon on October
30, when the tide serves well.
The proposed race between the 25-foot
ers will probably be called off. J. E.
Auzerais thinks It too late In the season
to bring the Papoose up from Alviso, and
R R rHommedieu does not care to enter
Phoenicia unless the South Bay yacht is
entered. This leaves only Cupid and
M The South Bay Yacht Club held the
best cruise of the season on Sunday, Oc
tober 9. The following boats took part:
Commodore J. O. MeWs sloop Wan
derer A. E. Moody mate; J. E. Auzerais
and E. Smith's sloop Papoose, Vice
Commodore Dr. HA. Spencer's sloop
Rana- A Meads' sloop Zephyr; Louis
Sonniksen's sloop Fen Follet; Frank
Davis' launch Frank D; and Coykendall
& Sons' launch A & C. ■'■
A fair breeze carried the yachts down
to beacon 13, but from that point up to
the drawbridge the wind was very light
and the tide pretty . strong. About fifty
yachtsmen reached the headquarters of
the Garden City Gun Club near the draw
bridge and found an abundant meal
ready' prepared under the supervision of
Charles A. Barker— clam juice, stewed
and baked clams and beef- and mutton
baked in an earth oven. Among those
present, in addition to those already
mentioned, were B. D. Merchant D J.
Greene, Martin Doerr, J. W. McCauley,
Homer Hale, John E. Alexander, E. Del
amater, Oliver Ortley, Curtis Barker,
Henry Lion and A. Rucker. There was a
good breeze for the return trip.
After landing his guests at Alviso Com
modore J. O. McKee, accompanied by A.
E Moody, R. Moody and T. Burnight,
sailed down the channel for a week's
cruise around the bay. The closing day
of the South Bays is Sunday, October 23.
TOUR OF PLACER
COUNTY CRICKETERS.
The third banks and insurance versus
all comers match, which was to have
been played last Sunday at the Webster
street ground, Alameda, was called off
on account of the sickness of R. B.
Hogue, captain of the all comers' team.
There is not now much likelihood of the
game being played.
The Placer County Citrus Colony team
starts on tour on October 17, and plays
against Burns Valley on October 18,
against Lakeport Cricket Club on Octo
ber 19, and against Lake County on Octo
ber 20. Arriving In San Francisco October
21, the Placer County men play against
the Alameda eleven on October 22, and
against the Pacific eleven on October 23.
For October 24 and 25 efforts are being
made to arrange a match against San
Jose.
"SMOKER" O F THE
BAY CITY
CLUB TO-NIGHT
The Bay City Wheelmen will entertain
their friends on an elaborate scale at the
club house, 441 Golden Gate avenue, this
evening. There will be a members' meet
ing early, from 8:15 to 8:45, for the pur
pose of enabling the directors to outline
to the members the policy of the club
for the ensuing year. This over with,
the festivities will begin, and the enter
tainment committee promises that hereaf
ter the members will date everything of
importance in the club from the time of
the big "smoker" on October 15, 1895. The
programme will represent all sorts of jol
lity, and during its rendition the house
committee will dispense various soothing
leverages. The affair is being looked
to with much eagerness by the rank and
file in cycledom.
William Mackie, secretary of the Olym
pic Wheelmen, was married at San Jose
Wednesday, the 12th, to Miss Louise
Elise "Waters, and has been kept busy
ever since accepting: the congratulations
of his many frlendw here.
The Keno "Wheelmen now enjoy a mem
bership of 225. At the semi-annual elec
tion held recently the following officers
were selected: \Y. W. Webster, presi
dent- W 11. Mtlnnis. vice-president; J.
M Cray secretary: W. T. Perkins, treas
urer; trustees, Rev. F. V. Jones. Gus
Koppe, S. P. Reaves, F. M. Schaedler.
John Shaver: racing board, Sam Mozingo,
Charles Becker. Dr. C. A. Coffin.
Tli" Cycle Cluba' Baseball League has
been organized for ls;>s-W. with the fol
lowing clubs: Bay City Wheelmen, Cal -
f..r,ila Cycling Club, Olympic Club Wheel
men and San Francisco Road Club. Many
of the good players on the Olympic Cy
ders' team, the champions of last year s
tournament, will be on the Olympic
Wheelmen's team this year. The CaJiror
nias will miss their crack catcher,
Cunha, who is attending college, and the
Hay <"itya will be minus one of their
pltohers, MeGillvray, who is raining in
MexifO. Otherwise the teams will bo
about the same as last year.
President Adams has appointed a com
mittee of four, Stanley G. Seovern. A. P.
Swain, Mr. Gaeller and J. F. Hancock,
to arrange for the annual theater party
of the Associated Cycling Clubs at the
Tivoll Wednesday evening, November 2.
The San Francisco Road Club members
■will have a yacht ride to-morrow on the
Volunteer. There will be a five-mile road
race the first Sunday In November.
R. C. Lennle and E. Ross Lozler have
returned from a business trip through
Southern California. Joseph A. Osten
dorf Is expected back from the East
about November 1 with a full line of
1599 Cleveland samples. H. A. Goddard
will probably return from Australia on
the Marlposa next Wednesday.
P. H. Bernays of the Columbia house
and S. G. Chapman, representing Steams,
have gone East to talk over '99 business.
Mr. Bernays thinks there will be some
radical changes in appearance and de
tail of the next year's machines.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a
five-mile handicap road race early in
November. ,
Ivan Treadwell contemplates an attack
on all short distance coast records from
a quarter up to two miles, on the Sim
Jose track in about three weeks, and is
now rapidly conditioning himself. He will
have plenty of pacing, and his admirers
think he can do the trick.
The Eagle Cycling Club of Napa re
cently elected the following officers: A.
McCualg, president; W. Kelg, vice-presi
i dent; F. Wilson, financial secretary; \ V .
Wilson, recording secretnry; E. "Amstutz,
treasurer; C. Blaken, captain.
The Olympic Wheelmen will hold a rac
ing matinee at the Elmhuret track in a.
week or so, when George Fuller and other
cracks will be sent for paced records.
H. W. SPALDING.
LADIES PLY THE
TENNIS RACKET.
At the California Tennis Club this
morning Miss Hoffman and Miss Mason
will cross rackets for the first place In
the first clasa of the ladies' tournament
which is now in progress. On Thursday
afternoon the second and thtrd classes
played out their matches. The tourna
ment will be concluded Tuesday after
noon. In the third class Miss Foster and
Miss Eckart were the only entries and
they settled matters between themselves.
Miss Foster surprised her friends as well
as her opponent, winning out In two
straight sets, 6-4, 6-4. Miss Clark met Miss
Curry in the opening match of the second
class, the former winning two out of
three sets, 3-6, 6-3, 6-4. Then Miss Eisen
met Miss Bowman and was promptly de
feated, 6-3, 6-0. In the next match Miss
Bowman met Miss Hunter, but this time
she succumbed, 6-2, 6-4. The finals of the
second class were played between Miss
Hunter and Miss Clark. It took thr<*i»
sets to decide and Miss Hunter carried off
the honors after losing the first set. The
score was 3-6, 6-3, 6-3.
There has been a surprising attendance
at the courts during the last week, partic
ularly on the part of the young Indy
members. Tournaments of every descrip
tion have been arranged by the young
ladies for the near future. The football
games on Saturday afternoons havo
broken in on the gentlemen's tourna
ments. Some matches are under consid
eration for Saturday mornings, however.
Lurlinc Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkfn eta. Swimmlnir. Russian, hot
and cold tub batbs. 6»lt water direct tram oecu.
BASEBALL HINES
WILL NOW
DO BETTER.
There has been much speculation re
garding Mr. Mines, who some time ago
made his first appearance with the Ath
letics.
As every one knows, his initial attempt
on this coast was a most dismal failure,
yet every one does not seem to know that
Mr. Hines, up to the moment he entered
the box in that memorable slugging
match, had not touched a ball in over six
weeks, and was, therefore, necessarily in
capacitated from such really hard labor.
Those who have never played ball ex
tensively cannot conceive how -difficult it
Is for a player, especially a pitcher, to
throw a ball at all after remaining out of
the game any length of time. Just see
what pitchers have to do in the National
League preparatory to entering the league
race. Why, it takes some of them until
the middle of the season to be able to
pitch effectively. The New York team,
were it not for the fact that Rusie and
Meekin, their "star twirlers," and, I dare
say, two of the best in the league, take
from two to three months to put their
arms in proper shape, would, in my opin
ion, come very near winning the pennant
And the New York club fs not tne only
club handicapped in this manner. Every
club In the league has its troubles in this
respect, and, in view of this fact, fans
Bhould be considerate wlrti a pitcher like
Mr. Hlnes, who, as I said before, at
i tempted to work without conditioning his
i right bower.
All pitchers seem to be alike when it
comes to a proposition of this kind. I can
sympathize with Mr. Hint's sincerely, for
i" experienced a like drubbing not many
weeks ago in the town of Redding, but
was more fortunate than he, as my co
horts batted out a victory.
At the request of some friends, I at
tempted to pitch a game against the Red
ding team, and was. of course, out of con
dition, a* I had not touched a ball in
months. Those country b*ys took advan
tage of this fact, and just hammered my
I shoots in every direction. It was useless
for me to continue, as I had no speed or
control and would have been compelled
to retire had not my side by a batting
rally made enough runs to win tne
game, the score at the finish being 18 to
12 in my favor.
Now it was very foolish of me to have
ever tried to pitch a game with my arm
ptiff and sore from lack of work, and so it
was with Mr. Hincs. It was plain to see
that he worked poorly and was sadly out
of condition, and I would suggest that the
management of the Athletics crive n.m
another chance after he has practiced up
a bit, and I would wager, wore I sure he
took advantage of the time allowed him
to practice, that his record in the later at
tempt would be a glorious one.
It is unjust to criticize a pitcher like Mr.
Hines too severely. He was not given a
fair trial, and people should realize after
being informed, that it was impossible for
a man to pitch out of condition and that
Mr Hines took unto hlmseif a most diffi
cult task. He will surely do better on h.s
next venture. re 3t3 t assured CORBBTT ,
HOW TO DISCOVER A
CHAMPION MARKSMAN.
"Within the next few days It is likely
that a rifle match somewhat novel will
be arranged for the marksmen of this lo
cality. It Is what Is known as an indi
vidual championship match. In the East
such contests have proved to be very
popular, and every year sees such an
event In each of the big centers, such
as Cincinnati, Milwaukee and New York.
In these placea the proprietor of one
of the several ranges offers some kind
of a trophy f'>r the marksmen to shoot
for usually 100 shots, single entry. The
match Is held on the range of the one
niHkinir the best offer, the donor of the
prize being reimbursed for his outlay by
the business done at the refreshment
stand on the grounds.
When T>. W. McLaughlin was in the
East !)<• observed the benefits of these
contests, and It Is he who suggested that
something of the kind be given here.
His suggestion was well received, and in
the course of a few days a number
of riflemen will hold a meeting to ar
range for one here. MeLaughlin is of the
opinion that Thanksgiving day would be
appropriate.
The benefits can be readily understood
by those familiar with the rifle history
of this State. The country is alive with
so-called champions of rifle shooting. In
every shooting organization two or more
have the good success of defeating the
other members of the club and win med
als on which the word "champion" is
inscribed. Ninety-nine out of a hundred
are not entitled to the title. The so-called
champions of some of the clubs are only
first-class men in other clubs. The good
to be derived from such a match as con
templated is that 100 shots would deter
mine who is "the" champion, and if many
who are now wearing champion medals
decline to enter Into such a competition
then they will be obliged to narrow their
claims down to being only high men in
their respective organizations. Another
benefit would be that it would bring to
gether in a match men who do not often
compete with each other under test con
ditions.
SENATORS ALLISON AND LODGE
Discuss
GREAT QUESTIONS OF THE WAR
In Next Sunday's Call.
GALA DAY FOR
OARSMEN
AT GUERNEVILLE
Probably never before in California has
a rowing regatta been held amid natural
surroundings so picturesque as the two
days' water carnival which begins to
day at Guerneville. The Russian River,
which runs between high banks through
magnificent forests of redwood, has been
dammed so as to create a lake about one
and a half miles long, and broad enough
to permit three boats to be rowed abreast.
While the surface is calm and unruffled,
the water still has enough current to give
it life. Lake Bohemia is overlooked by
banks which slope down to the water's
edge and command a clear view of the
whole course. Its smooth waters are
most favorable to shell rowing, which is
almost impracticable in the rough waters
of San Francisco Bay, and is at all times
rendered difficult by strong tides.
The Uuerneville Improvement Company ;
has taken great pains for the comfort of
visitors. A grand stand, capable of seat- j
ing from ftOt) to ltxX) persons, has been I
erected nearly opposite the finishing line, I
and in front of the grand stand, where
the lake is widest, the water polo and
other aquatic contests will take place.
The railroad track is about 100 yards in
the rear of the course. Shady spots to
the south of the grand stand have been
selected for the refreshment booths, at
which Sonoma County Hour, fruit, wine,
meat, vegetables and tobacco will be
served. To-day is Sonoma County day,
and many visitors are expected from
Santa Rosa, Petaluma. Healdsburg, Clo
verdale and other towns. The proceedings
will be enlivened by a brass band, and
to-night a grand ball will be given, to
which all the visitors from the city will
be welcomed.
The barges, skiffs and canoes to be used I
at the regatta left the city on Thursday
morning m charge of K. Shea of the Pio
neers and At well Webb of the Alameda
senior barge crew. Some of the officials
and contestants went to Guerneville by
last night's train. Others left this nurn
ing, but the gr>»tit majority will travel by
the special train which connects with to
night's 6:30 boat.
From the Aiamedas will go the members
of the senior barge crew, Seen tary \v. .'j. j
Hinchman, P. S. ('one, George Miller, V. i
Elsfeldt, C. I". s..ii, c. Edwards, H. K.
White, Edward Thorr.lng and Harry Nel
son, the last four being water polo play- |
era. On fcinday morning* a train several
of the married club memsi i\s and their :
wiv< a will trav< 1.
Tho following Olympic men will take
to-night's special train: A. W. Taylor, .
W. S. Taylor, A. M. Stone. C. T. Kreling,
L. Hammersmith, E. M. Connelly, 11. M.
Collins, F. C. <;rim, Paul~Sturdlvant, J.
E. Cosgrove and ,J. w. Morton. The Olym- !
pic barge crew will be made up of Collins, j
Sturdivant. Grim and Morton.
The South End men went up by this i
morning's train. Tin -ir barge crew will |
consist of William Barry, T. I. Fltzpat
rick, James Pallas and E. Shortall, all of
whom row well and will make a good con
test. M. Breen will row in the skiff race,
and James Pallas also if he can borrow ;
a boat.
The senior and junior South End barge
crews are practicing regularly for the ■
championship races. The annual club en- j
tertainment will take place at Union
square Hall on September J. The pro
ceeds will be devoted to the completion of
the handball court.
The Pioneer barge crew, consisting of
H Wilder (bow), George L,aw.=on (No. 2),
F O'Neill (No. 3) and W. Lawson
(stroke), have been training regularly, and
will make a hard strugle for victory at
Guerneville. They will wear pink sleeve
h ss shirts and magenta fillets, new for
the occasion, and they are out to win. H.
"Wilber will enter the junior skiff race, C.
Ochs the senior skiff event and George
Callopy will display the skill he has ac
quired" in the frozen north in the man- |
ag-ement of a kayak. The barge crew left
the city last night and Ochs this morning. ;
Of the Dolphins, A. W. Pape and P.
Schwartlng went up this morning to take
part in the water polo. Victor Caglieri,
W. O. Patch and J. S. Earls go up to
night The barge crew were out for prac
tice on Monday night and on Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday mornings. They
are in good condition and mean to win.
The ""following junior championship
barge crew was out last Sunday, with S.
Pike Bell, an old college oar, as coach.
Lithco Duncan, J. S. Earles, P. Woerner
and C. Roach, the last named being cap-
On ladies' day, to be held at th>3 Dol
phin clubhouse on Sunday, October 30,
there will be a race between the "Irish^
and "German" barge crews. The "German
four are; J. Laib (bowi. F. Schwarting
(No. 2), F. Woerner (No. 3) and A. \\ .
Pane (stroke) C. M. Farr-11 (bow),
George Baker (No. 2). jt. O. Patch (No.
3) T J Kennedy (stroke) and J. L.. i.arls
(cockswain) are the "Irish" crew.
The Dolphins will give their annual en
tertainment and ball on November 2 at
NlhN Ih ScMmpf and A. F. Schuppert of
the' Tritons will be at the regatta, the
latter being entered in the junior skiff
race Possibly W. E. Hess may also go.
To-day's programme at Guerneville con
tains seven events, as follows:
1. Senior skiff race. Entries-Dr. C C.
Dennis of the South Ends C. Ochs of the
Pioneers and F. Wilson of the Ariels.
2 Single sculling race, in shells. En
trles-G W. Phelan of the Ariels and T.
R Keenan of the Dolphins.
3 Canoe race. Entries— C. Ochs of the
Pioneers and Victor Caglieri of f the Dol-
P 4 ln Four-oared barge rare. Entries—Pio
neers. Ariels and South Ends.
5 Water polo. Dolphins vs. Aiamedas.
6 Junior skiff race. Entries— James Mc-
Kenna of the Ariels. Atwell Webb of the
Aiamedas and H. Wilber of the Pioneer?.
7 Tug-of-war in boats. South Ends and
Ariels vs. Pioneers and Aiamedas.
AMERICAN KENNEL CLUB
AFTER THE LOCAL FANCY.
It is already quite evident that the
American Ker.noi Club intends to deal
drastically with the secoding clubs of the
coast. The secretaiy of the late con
vention, at which the Pacific Kennel
League was organized, has received from
Mr. Vredenburgh. the American Kennel
Club secretary, a telegram requesting a
list of the clubs voting for and against
secession. This information was promptly
wired by Mr. Norman, and further de
velopments are expected.
C. R. Harker, the secretary-treasurer
of the new league, will shortly issue the
printed constitution and rules. The Facl
iic Kennel League intends to notify all
dog owners and exhibitors on the coast
that they and their dogs will be disquali
fied if they show the latter at any shows
held under American Kennel Club rules
west of 110 degrees longitude west. This
will sharply define the situation, and will
probably result in the ultimate disrup
tion of the league, as dog fanciers will
undoubtedly give the preference to such
shows as offer money prizes and gen
eral recognition of wins over the entire
county. This desideratum is to be at
tained only at the San Francisco, and,
in a lesser degree, at the Oakland shows.
The Ps'cifk Mastiff Club holds n.s
monthly meeting to-night, when, owing
to the absence of the president. Dr. F. \\ .
d'Evelyn, the vice-presKient. C . A.
Spreckels. will preside. Dr. d Evelyn is
a', present in Boston, and is negotiating
there for a brindled mastiff dog by Black
I eter. It is understood fhat the negotia
tions are on behalf of an enthusiastic
local fancier, whose kennels hav<i been
recently depleted by the d :ath of his own
insist 1 ffs. . , .... .
Emmet Sullivan's fox terrier bitch.
Mcnlo Delight, is expected to whelp toon
to Dr. d'Evelyn's Defender
Mr Sumner of Los Angeles has lost his
famous fox terrier dog, Champion Ras-
Der It is believed that the animal was
stolen Mr. Sumner offers a considerable
reward for Its recovery, and entertains
sanguine hopes of the latter happy con
summation. . . •
\\ . H. Bryan, the celebrated duck shot
of Suisun, has purchased from Mr. Wil
liams the Irish water spaniel. Rosie
O'Grady.
FINE GAME BIRDS
UNFIT
FOR TABLE USE
The warm weather of the past week
has prevent ed many sportsmen from en
joying the pleasures of the chase.
According to the local game-dealers
large quantities of wild duck and quail
which were shipped to the markets since
the commencement of the warm snap had
to be cast aside as untit for table use.
Quail are very scarce this year, and
command the high price of $3 per dozen
in the markets. Canvasback duck are $9
per dozen, and the little English snipa
command $3 50 per dozen.
Market hunters report that the north
ern birds are arriving in goodly num
bers, and. with the adv< nt of the next
storm, duck-shooting should be at its
best.
Among several letters which have been
received during the week from local
hunters, one communication says that
during the opening days of the shooting
season birds were verj scarce on the So
noma marshes, and particularly in the
vicinity of Tubbs Island, which is a
favorite feeding ground of canvasbacK.
The writer terminates his letter by stat
ing that owing to the continuous report
of shotguns In the vicinity of the Ala
meda Club preserve during the light of
the moon on the night prior to the open
ing day the ducks received such a scare
that they gave the marshes a wide berth
on Saturday and Sir.' tober 1 and L.
.Members of the Black Jack <lun Club
who shot on Sherman Island last Sunday
returned with forty-five birds, which in
cluded black jacks, canvasbacks, sprig,
widgeon and teal.
A few good bags of birds were made by
the sportsmen of the Ibis Gun Club last
Sunday, but as a rule the sport was fur
below the average. Shooting on the Sui
sun preserves should be very good from
now until the heavy rains will water the
dry and panned ponds south of Merced.
The attention of the Supervisors of
Alarm da County will be called to the fact
that the rail, once so plentiful in the
marshes on the east side of the bay, are
fast becoming extinct, and unless an or
dinance preventing their slaughter is
passed in the near future the rail will, be
a bird of the past, to be remembered
only by those who assisted in their ex
tinction. The following loiter on the sub
ject from a local sportsman is self-ex
planatory:
SAX FRANCISCO, October 12. ISPB.
Editor erf The Call— Dear Sir: I desire to
brlriK before the sportsmen who frequent tha
marsh as well as the tieM the fact that rail,
■wiu.-h were once found In abundance on tne
Alameila and Marin County marshes*, are now
fast )•■ I would suggest that
in the near future a law should be made pro
• . ■ years, anti
also that during the shooting season no blrda
phall be kill."! when a hieh tide prevails.
Such a law every true sportsman should stand
by. W. S. T.
The division superintendent of the nar
row gauge railroad running to San Jose
stated !ast Friday to a Call representa
tive that the lirst hunters' train of the
season would positively leave the pier on
the east side of the bay on last Saturday
night at the usual hour To connect with
the 11:45 p. m. boat from Tin- Market
streel Cerry. It appears, however, that
the new schedule did not go into effect
until sixteen minutes subsequent to the
time mentioned for the departure of the
■s" train, ;;nd as a result many
sportsmen on finding that a train convey
ing sportsmen to the Alviso and Alva
rado marshes would not leave, owing to a
delay in the making up of the schedule,
until this evening. The bo.it connecting
with the hunters' train will therefore
leave foot of Market street to-night at
11:45 o'clock. The railroad managers did
not intend to put on a hunters' train un
til next month, but at the suggestion of
The Call they decided to pive th- ?or»rts
men who are compelled to work late %
chance to enjoy an early morning snoot
from favorite sloughs and blinds.
A Monterey sportsman writes the sport
ing editor that the Supervisors or his
county, some of whom are devotees of
quail shooting, did not hesitate to use
their best efforts for the protection of
the quail, and as a result only four days
of an open season, which commenced on
October 1 and endpd on October .". were
allowed for hunters to enjoy a favorite
pastime.
Unless the Supervisors of Marin Coun
ty ordain that the quail shootiner si
will end this year after the sportsmen
Will have a few months of shooting tho
prospects for future sport will certainly
be very slim, as the birds did not pair
this spring, owing to tho extremely dry
summer, and as a consequence very few
young- birds are now found among the
flocks. It would be to the interest of the
sportsman that the season for shooting
would be limited to a few months.
John Cardoza Bankrupt.
John Cardoza of San Francisco filed
yesterday in the United States District
Court a petition to be declared a bank
rupt. His debts are $5402 25 and his assets
S33f>o worth of real estate, most of it
country land.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
RUPTURE cured by his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARICOCELE.hydro-
cele, swelling and tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success.
Cont»s;ion<i blood poison in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. I..a«lles will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health." free of charge. Address
F. 'L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market
street, San Francisco, . Cal. _„.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
NEXT SATURDa7~AND SUNDAY.
A CHEAT EVENTI
NON-WINNERS'
STAKE! 'i
October 22 and 23— An Open Stake.
October 29 and 30— Sapling and an Open
Stake. •
Entrance fee to each stake will be $2 50. •
To reach the Ingleside Coursing Park take a
MlEsion-atreet car and it will land you at th«
ADMISSION, 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
m^^U WHEN YOU
i^^w :^^i Require an ELEC-
fe^n^pTßiC BELT get "Dr.
Pierce's 1 ! and you will
v not be disappointed.-
■v^T" Call or address PIERCE
ELECTRIC CO., 620
Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. F.
q visit OR. JORDAN'S owat
£@|n Museum of Anatomy
ljp|R§^ 1C« BASSET ST.tet eth ft 7th, 8. r.C»I.
■ A t ty\ w The Largistof itskindln World. .
itPoilV 0R - JORDAN— Private Diseases.
WPmI «. ' Consultation tn: *Tit« for Book ,s ;
vl 1 1^ Philosophy of " Marriage.GRAND LODGE
GAVE FREELY
TO THE HOME
Further Contribution
of $27,000.
FUND FOR MAINTENANCE
ELECTION OF GRAND OFFICERS.
ADVANCEMENTS.
Annual Meeting of the Masonic Vet
erans' Association — Election
of Officers for the Ma
sonic Year.
i Lodjfe of Frop and Accepted
ted that
behalf of
not go unnoticed In the
rnity. A 1 the previous session of
the Gi theri was an appeal for
funds with whl ntinue the con
of the Wid ws 1 and Orphans'
Home, Just dedicated at Decoto. That
body donated J2
yesterdi . 11 was announced in the
Grand Lodg< that it wa:- the Intenti
put the hoi ration on the first of
next January, that there was
required money with which to furnish
nstttution and monej with which to
g expenses. ' '
■nous vote.
• ■ running cx
i then add toward the
taken up in t):>
n v :j:l'i-r ; . [n
was the annual < !■ c
wing r-r-':!:.
ter. J . F. M. A;.. . San
grand master, Charl
: '■
Ange
ir grand warden, William S( well
■ Ed
■
grajid seer« tary
• r the
r it is
xalted position
of pr ts were
taken I I
To-day th t will name
POSTUM CEREAL.
MUST GO ABROAD
To Learn About Your Home.
"A short time ago I w^s visiting in
New York State, Massachusetts and
Connecticut, and I was particularly im-
ed witn the number of times I
isked what I knew about Postum
■ . made at Battle
■ k.
"I per.eraliy replied that I had never
Postum, but knew of a
. . ! knew that it was
jvho devoted th<-ir time
< C food and ■■
MRS. R. E. MONAGHAN,
745 N. Waterloo Aye.,
Jackson, Mich.
• "f my former classmates, .Mrs.
E. Kinsley of "mcd
pr^atly F.urprised that Ih"3 never used
im. The family were very enthu-
siastic over its m them. Bald
without it.
The j total
abstinence from coffee, as she had in-
jured her digestive organs by usins it,
and was c< - confirm* 1 and in-
curabie dyspeptic, but when put upon
Fostum Cereal Food Coffee, she im-
mediately began to get well, and left
off the drugs and the coffee. Now she j
is abli ■ ■ anything she likes with- j
out the least symptom of disease. Her
ffore had been one or suffering,
and it is .joyment. She
said it would be impossible to speak too
highly In ;
"When 1 waa in Westfleld eight years
ago I visited Mr. Albert Atkins, who
was then a very great sufferer. Both
he and his friends did not think it
possible for him to live mo. than a
Bhort time. I found him so well on
this visit that I Insisted upon knowing
what made the change. He said he
had visited every point of the compass,
and tried almost everything ho had
ever heard recommended, but all of no
avail, until he was led by the Postum
Cereal articles to suspect that the lit-
ffee he drank was really poison-
ing him day by day, and from the
v-ry time that he quit coffee entirely
and began to use Postum he began to
K'-i better. Ho is a very wealthy man
and travels a great deal, but says he
never leaves horn- for one night with-
out his outfit of Postum.
While at Jamaica Plains, Mass., I
visited a retired sea captain's home.
II- said in all his experience, far and
near, on land or water, he had nevur
found any beverage that would com-
pare with Postum Cereal Food Coffee.
he used to drink coffee he j
suffered with headaches, drowsiness j
and an unnatural thickening of the i
blood, but since quitting the common
and using Postum he was free ,
from all his ailments. I drank my i
first cup of Postum with him, and to I
my surprise found it a very delicious, '
palatable drink, which I have since j
used with favorable results. I cannot | j
tell half of what I heard in praise of (
Postum during my visit in the East, i
It is sufficient to say that Postum has '
a very firm foothold with my Eastern J
friends.
"I wish to add that on one or two oc- (
caalons I have had Postum served to i
me rather flat, but always know in 5
such cases that it is simply because it '
haa not been allowed to boil long f
enough to bring out the delicate and <
well-known flavor." i
the appointed officers and In the after
noon they will bo installed.
MASONIC VETERANS.
The Officers Who Are to Serve for the
Current Year.
The Masonic Veterans Convention at its
twentieth annual meeting last Thursday
night elected the following as officers
] for the current Masonic year:
W. William 8. Phelps, P. M., of San Fran
cisco, C.J^, must venerable grand president;
W. Henry F. Williams, P. M., of San Fran-
Clsco, rlgrht venerable deputy gran.l president;
: \\ . William Alex January of San Jose, first
j right venerable grand vice president; W. Wll
i Ham B. Lowden of Weaverville, Cal., second
right venerable errand vice president; M. W.
Mayer, right venerable grand vice presi
dent f.>r Oregon; Elmer I). Olmstet, for waih
ir,Kt"n; Albert I-a< k ■•>-, fur Nevada; Benjamin
Xltus, for Arizona; Jonas W. Brown, for Idaho;
up Hedges, for Montana; Frank M.
for Wyoming; Samuel Paul for Utah;
Lawrence N. Greenleaf. for Colorado; Charles
Downier, for X-\v Mexico; James L. Cogswell.
[ r Alaska; William Fes*t>iulen Allen, for the
Hawaiian Islands; Porlirio Diaz, thirty-third
■'.egree. President of Mexico, for Central Amer
loa; Edwin A. Sherman, thirty-third degree,
right venerable grand secretary ; James L.
Cogswell, right venerable grand treasurer: Jo-
H. Wythe., ripht venerable grand chap
, lain; Hiram N Rucker, ri^-ht venerable grand
orator; Lewis Amiss Spitzer, ri 'ht venerable
i grand marshal; John T. Apperson ol Oregon,
right venerable urand standard bearer; Henry
;S. Lubbnck, Becond gruni stan !.i"'l bearer;
'Samuel W. Levy, third grand standard bearer;
! William Sutton, first gran. l steward; George
: E. Kennedy, second grand steward; Charles
! E. Mitchell, grand pursuivant: T. P. Clark,
grand tyler.
Among other business was thf adoption
of a resolution expressive of the services
rendered by St< sjk.w. por
trait painter to the craft, a IMoneer
:; of 1849, wh ise pi rtraita of all the
grand masters, grand hij fi priests, gxand
commanders and the most distinguished
Judge F. M. Angelloti Elected Grand Master.
Masons of California for the past fifty
years adorn the pantheon of the Masonic
Temple.
The committee on the celebration of the
Golden Jubilee of the Grand Lodge of
California, to be held on .April 19, 1900, re
ported progress and the arrangements
were that every lodge in the State of Cali
fornia is to celebrate the fiftieth anniver
sary of the organization of the Grand
Lodge of California, either singly or col
lectively, and any balls and parties
which may be given shall be for
the benefit of the Masonic Widows' and
Orphans' Home at Decoto.
ENLIGHTENING CANDIDATES.
Information Given on Serious Mat
ters Coming Before the Leg
islature.
From now until after the election the
: Industries has a big
task upon its hands, thai of enlightening
the Assembly and Senatorial candidates
of all parties on a number of the most
important budj< cts which the council is
interested in. One is the pure foods ques
tion. Much valuable data hap been gath
ered, and the matter will be presented
to the next Legislature, with the view of
having thi- laws mail<- rnon- stringent
against the making or selling of impure
ttr,'] adulterated foods.
Another matter will be the considera
tion of appropriating money for sending
an exhibit of California products to the
world's exposition to be held In Paris.
The exhibits of Western products at Chi-
I eago, Atlanta and Hamburg. Germany, |
have brought more trade to the State i
| than the general public appreciate. It is j
believed that a fine display at Paris will j
be the means of turning thousands of
! dollars to the producers of this State.
Special laws against forest arson and
for the protection of the timber lands of
the State will also be seriously consid
ered with a view of preventing the re
currence of the disastrous fires of the
past summer and fall. Another subject
will be the protection of home Industries
and a consideration of the convict labor
question and the protection of free white
labor from competition with felons. Still
another move is the establishment of a
State quarantine against diseased cattle.
Within the lust few days Secretary Lewis
of the association has sent to the County
Clerks of every county in the State let
ters requesting him to send the name of
all of the legislative candidates to the
president, J. A. Filehcr. So far the de- |
sired lists from twenty-live counties have |
been sent in. Mr. Filcher will at once
acquaint all of the candidates with the i
subjects that will come before ih^m for j
consideration in their capacities |is law !
makers. !
THE SA& FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAT, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
A WILLING
PARTNER TO
HIS SHAME
Trend of the Evidence
in the Nead Case.
RETRIAL OF NETTIE NEAD
THE WIFE A FEATURE OF THE
HUSBAND'S CASE.
Testimony Going to Show How He
Was Cognizant of the Life
That She Wai
Leading.
The salacious details of the trial for
vaprancy of John M. Nead before Jurtpe
Conlan yesterday were sufficient to draw
a courtroom full of people to stand and
gape and laugh whenever the testimony
gave the slightest reason for it. They
filled all the aisle-? and sat two deop In
the seats, and not one had business
enough to attend to to call him away be
fore court adjourned at 5 o'clock,
The defendant was the object of most
sustained Interest. How a man, once a
minister, can sit quietly and hear the name
of the woman he calls his wife so "be
fouled and made a laughing stock and a
ifome of the Prominent Figures in the Nead Case.
Jest of such a crowd as haunts the police
courts is a mystery even to the crowd
that stands and listens. Tf he be inno
cent Nead is surely finding all his pun
ishment In this world; if he be guilty ho
probably does not care.
The filling: of the jury box took but a
few minutes, and then Policeman Joy, the
complaining witness, was called to the
stand. The first question brought out
objections, and these served to show
' which way the trial was to be directed.
Nead, charged with vagrancy, must be
shown to be a disreputable character
himself and to have been habitually con
sorting with disreputable characters— and
the prosecution proceeded to demon
| strate that the first and worst of tftese
I was Nettie Nead, his wife. It was prac
tically a retrial of the woman.
The court ruled that the prosecution
could show the character of the asso
ciates of the defendant regardless of who
they were, and the witness was allowed
to proceed. The woman herself was not
in court. Mr. Gallagher, counsel for the
j defense, by objecting to officers saying
she was the one they saw walking the
streets, nearly had her ordered to ap
pear and be identified, but the court did
not want to subject her to the gaze of
the courtroom crowd, and said so, and
Mr. Gallagher ceased his objections.
Joy's testimony was the same as given
; in the trial of the woman — how she spoke
; to him on the street and invited him
home; how he knew her because he had
; seen her a few nights before in the
Thalia, an underground resort on Turk
i street, where she was seated at a table
talking to her husband and two other
I wonr-n. in whose footsteps she was fast
following. He said Need stood on the
corner and watched while the woman
plied her trade.
Policeman Sylvester, whose beat Is on
: O'Farrell street, told how he had watched
: the woman and had seen her speaking to
men on the street while the defendant
hovered near, but on the other sidewalk,
and whistled whenever he saw the officer
approaching. To him she was "the woman
In black." He had had his attention
called to her by a business man, and his
idea was to watch her until ..e could es
tablish a case of vagrancy against her.
For five nights he saw the woman and
! the man and then she disappeared from
his beat. He had kept a record of her
comings and goings on a little card, but
when she ceased to roam the streets of
his beat he tore the record to pieces and
thought tin more of her until he saw her
under arrest. Policeman uillen testified
to seeing her aimlessly wandering around
McAllister. Jones and Leavenworth
streets and Golden Gate avenue, the de
fendant still keeping his distance on the
other side of the street, but never far
away.
Phillip J. ITaskins then came to tell
how in Police Court 4. of Wiileh he Is the
clerk. Mrs. Nettle Neau had been con
victed of vagrancy, and also of plying the
trade Of a fallen woman.
After him came Mrs. Augusta Frost,
who keeps a lodging house on O'Farrell
street. It was to her that Mrs. Nead had
come to rent a room, saying it was for
herself and her husband, but It was not
the husband, she said, who was the most
frequent visitor there. She spoke to the
woman and asked if her husband knew
what she was doing, and in spite of Gal
lagher's objections the witness told how
Mrs. Nead had declared that her husband
knew the whole truth. From Mrs. Frost's
house Mrs. Nead went to a house kept
by a Mrs. Etta Ralph, and there she met
Tessie Smith and Hattle Roberts, with
whom she and her husband were talking
when first they were seen by Policeman
Joy in the Thalia. Mrs. Ralph was called
to tell how she introduced Mrs. Nead to
Tessie Smith and of the manner of life
led by the two women while they lived
under her roof.
A. Davis, a Jeweler, then took the stand
to tell of an encounter he had had with :
Mrs. Nead on Market street. He said she '
asked him to go home with her, and when
he asked her where she lived she pointed
out a Hgar-store across the street where
the der<T.<lant used to do business. He
nsked who was the man who stayed in the
cigar-store, and she told him It was her
husband; but he need not mind, her hus
band would not interfere with them.
Davis said, too, that one evening sue |
came into his store to buy a locket and
chain, and that when It came to the pa"
me-nt for the Jewelry she showed herself
to be a woman without shame or virtue.
And then the crowd in the courtroom guf
fawed and the loungers nudged each other
and winked at the defendant, who sat In '
his chair and said nothing, while the bail
iff had to hammer on the desk before the '
case could proceed again.
The story was too good to keep, Davis
paid, and ho had told it to a few friends,
and again the bailiff had to hammer on |
the dt sk to keep in check the humorous .
disposition of the crowd.
Tessle Smith was the last witness of the
afternoon. She had an interesting story
to tell of how Nead had come to her in
the Thalia and had be^n introduced to her i
by his wife. She said he wanted her to
tell him how his wife could escape the
vigilance of the police and what was the
best way In which she could make money
at the Thalia. She gave what advice her
. \; . rience had shown her was good. And
then she was turned over to Mr. Gal
lagher for cross-examination. She had to
tell of the life she was leading, and her
efforts to shield herself brougot new
amusement for the loungers, who laughed
and joked even after the adjournment and
while they trooped out of the courtroom
and out Into the corridor.
The case will go on again Monday.
GOOD BOADS PARADE.
Dray 111611 ' 8 and Teamsters' ' Union
Will Introduce an Innovation
in the Procession.
A rrippting of the Good Roads parade
commit toe was held last evening with
representatives of the various cycling or
ganizations, the improvement clubs and
the Draymen's and Teamsters' Union. D.
L. Farnaworth, speaking for the latter
organization, said his committee would
support the parade In as extensive a
manner as the committee suggested, but
he advised that the number or teams and
drays be limited and that the drivers be
permitted to ride their horses without
the wagons. This will' be an innovation
; in outdoor demonstrations.
The following letter was received from
James M. Hamilton, secretary of the San
Francisco Cycle Board of Trade:
To the Secretary of the Good Roads Parade:
Dear Sir: Since April, 1896. our motto Uas
been "Repave Market Street," and now that
we are realizing- that our time and work has
brought forth good fruit, we are more than
pleased to aid and assist the good roads pa
rade. ■ I Inclose you an order ior a set or A
No. 1 carvers in a silk-lined box, on Baker &
Hamilton.
President Adams added W. H. Wheeler,
Ernest L. Heuter, Frank Vail, Frank
Burke, Thomas H. Williams, Henry J.
Crocker, W. H. Bunker, Harry Gray and
C. B. Stone to the finance committee.
The press committee will also be in
creased so as to take in all the near-by
towns.
■ ♦ »
Only $1 for the round trip to Lake Bo
hemia. Sunday, October 16. Leave Tlb
uron ferry 8 a. m. •
MISS MAY HOFFMAN
AS A TRAINED NURSE
THE YOUNG SOCIETY LADY SUR
PRISES HER FRIENDS.
Left Wednesday Evening to Take a
Three Years' Course in Bellevue
Hospital, New York.
To many of Miss May Hoffman's
friends it will be a surprise to learn that
she has gone to New York to enter the
Bellevue Hospital, where she will take a
u.ree years' course with a view of be
coming a trained nurse. This young lady
Is the talented daughter of Southard
Hoffman, the clerk of the United States
Circuit Court. She started alone last
Wednesday evening for the East. Miss
Hoffman's decision was not according
to the wishes of her family, as she had a
brilliant future before her in other walks
of life. For si»me time past she has been
one of the leading lights in San Fran
cisco's social circles, in which sphere she
filled a very important place, as have all
of her relatives, who have and do now oc
cupy prominent positions in Federal
offices.
In her social position Miss Hoffman
became interested In works of charity,
and this led her to become interested in
the management of the Children's Home.
With the greatest of interest she watched
the nurses who cared for the little ones,
and she often expressed the desire to take
upon herself a life of charitable useful
ness. Society's calls did not appeal to
her so loudly as the cries of the little
suuerers, and her relatives believed that
if she ever broke from the former and
applied herself to caring for the latter It
would be in the Children's Hospital, in
which she had taken so great an interest.
However, recently the young lady decid
ed that the field here was not large
enough, and she announced her Intention
of going to the New York institution and
there pass through the entire course
necessary In order to become a trained
nurse.
To the protests of her family she
turned a deaf ear, and so earnest was
she that at last all objections were with
drawn, and she departed with the best
wishes of all who had been Informed.
Miss Hoffman's intimate friends con
sider it strange that one reared as she
has been should give up a life of luxury
to minister to the sufferings of humanity.
Phil Garlic,
Town Talk's editorial paragrapher, has steeped
his pen in liquid brightness this week and
gives h!s views upon passing events In a man
ner wholly Interesting. "Our Opinion" on
literary, political and other matters Is read
able. The Saunterer talks about the week's
social sensations and gives the latest news In
pilltlcH, the social swim and other worlds.
The Tlvoll's new opera comlque, the first Hey
tnan recital and the Hopkins' opening are re
viewed, the Graphologist delineates characters
through handwriting, and there are storiettes
from real life. Portraits of the Helnrichs
family appear on the title page.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
A PROPOSAL
To take their linen to any other laun-
dry in San Francisco would not be tol-
erated for a moment by our patrons,
who have been taught to know fine
laundry work when they see it, by the i
exquisite work that we execute every
week on their shirts, collars or cuffs.
Our laundry work is above competition.
One trial will convince you.
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street Telephone
South 420.
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
p WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Othe'
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEKM
All Wool Suits to<£JQ .. $Qf
Order from $\l l 0 4>Ji
Pants from . . • $4 to $I (
201 and 203 Montgomery St.
844 and 846 Market St..
ADMINISTRATOR'S AUCTION
Monday, October 17, 1898
At 12 o'clock Noon
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery Street.
JOSEPH P. HALE ESTATE.
Numbers 31 1, 316. 315, 330. 322 ami 321 Oak street, 8 two-
story and basement bouses of 8 rooms, lath, bay win-
dows, brick foundation, stone walks, etc, each; rents
$30 MOb ; bcth streets accepted ; in 3 equal subdirieions
of 45:10-12x120 feet each, double front ige.
TRUSTEES SALE.
8 E corner of Jackson and Cherry streets, choice
Presidio Heights residence lot ; 32:2V,x117:9 feet ; comm-
ands grand panoramic marine, Presidio and city
views.
KJ-TATK OF MARIAN VAN NESS.
No. 1137 Florida street, east line, between 23d
and 24th streets; 2-story house and lot 26x100
SnA.VAHAN ESTATE.
Nog. 1410-10S Harrison street, between 10th and 11th
streets, two flats of 6 and 5 rooms ami basement ; rent*
|2i; lot 25i7j feet.
THESE PROPERTIES MUST BE SOLD.
Terms and further particulars at our office.
O. H. UMKSKN & CO.,
14 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
WWWVA'" V*JL'>AA/Vir.-
I A PERMANENT CURE I
I A PERMANENT CURE f
! i of the most obstinate caseo of Gonorrhoea i '
i J • and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 8 C
! ( ! days ;no other trwitment required, 5
i C Sold by nil druggists. -- 5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature ot Brent Good,
* PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF Ia a n-rmV>I FOR HEADACHE. SEE
blt CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. OEC
rrviTiMr Kittle for BILIOUSNESS. r TTI vr C
GENUINE fIVFR for torpid liver. GENUINE
IPI LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR JLljil FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
WKAiTM ! rjj^l for THE COMPLEXION KArrLK
- . i C£NTl?lli MU&THAVtUCNATURC.
25 Cents I Purely VefretaDle./^^^*ss^«^
Hyil >> J^tf lfl 4sSSl ii lllfiirfil n Tffll jtf^^VDEW^. STRONG &Co.^ffV
liKlliufflu' lil«! $ j)
8 "hoiK.aiir^iJUyiM^J NS^33U MARKET ST. S.F. *S^T
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898. '
WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
1 ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1597,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses; of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
i scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
I State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
' (Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
' A resolution to propose to the people of the
; State of California an amendment to section
! eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
i tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
| which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section IS. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall In-
! cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
i ncr or for any purpose exceeding in any year
| the income and revenue provided for it for
I such year, without the assent of two-thirds
i of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
i election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
i less before, or at the time of Incurring such
' Indebtedness; provision shall be made for the
j collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
I the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City ana
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years: pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con- |
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city j
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section: and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Snlano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction |
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the i
electors thereof voting at an election held for ;
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
i ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
•hall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
1 State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7%. The inhabitants of any county
way frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, ana if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county-, govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
nubllcation of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the Qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
nroved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
Presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot It el shall be competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner, in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
he elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion' for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation ' payable to each of
such deputies, for tie manner In which the
times in which, an<f tile terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
Sected or appointed and for the constitution,
regulation, ■ compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate' in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid, the direction of section? four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the "tate and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers and the regu-
at"on of their compensation, shall not apply
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
fhe matters hereinabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
.übiect to any law or amendment enacted by
;k« T pelalature except by amendment first
subm^d to the electors and ratified in the
manner hereinabnve set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment. No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
«mte of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section.
Jn he known and designated as section five and
one half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 6%. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March;
sln the City ; and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second . Monday in July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, commencing cm I
The ■&« M i? n M? y of November of each year.
receive no* h ? Idln « BUch term of court shall
«h=n ? extra compensation therefor, but
on? of elVe thelr actual expenses, to be paid
The /in * enera L fund of the State treasury,
tn „£ *'- slature sna " enact all laws necessary
cpdSr? th Ze ,, UU ° h court, to provide the pro-
o? this section. and *° Carry ° Ut th " P rovisl on «
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
«3tarp re «? I ii tl i < !? to . P r °P° se to the people of th.9
atiJiiMn '£° rr L fa an amendment to the Con-
f,j V?P of the State - amending article eleven,
i «* a<l ? ne a new section thereto, to be known
! !vn« uP 1 " unrlDer flve and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th
said proposed new section to read as follows:
■ if* «on i % ; The Provisions of sections four
fill ,\°, of thlß article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
I nave become, or shall become, organized under
' 11** fVi.* n ' or secur e a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
< c. ♦ res st'on5 ton to propose to the people of th«
btate of California an amendment of section
• fifteen and section sixteen of article five of th»
i Cc l tltutlon of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall ba
I elected at the same time and place and In th«
I same manner as the Governor, and his term of
I flee . and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
 Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the (jiovernor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
| his office, resignation or absence from th»
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th»
| residue of the term, or until the disability shail
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be>
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office.
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
j be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in th»
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall bs
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER BIX.
(Being; Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the)
State of California an amendment to section
six. article nine of the Constitution of the Stata
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The nubile school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal school*
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which*
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty,
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agre*
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation. •"
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be>
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five •J*y», Mt<t
no bill shall be introduced la fitter noiirf* ex-
cept at the first twenty -tlr* days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of th«
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions, of the Constitution, and an act of tha ;
Legislature of the State of California, entitle*
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of tha
State of California, to the qualified electors fop
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. ISB3,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be, voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of tha
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D. IS9S. .
The said proposed amendments are to be sep*
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express hi* .
choice as provided by law: '
Amendment Number One. being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. :41
(exempting certain claims against. the
City and County of San Francisco, and •■
the existing Indebtedness of the City Teal
of Vallejo for the construction of its .
water works from the . provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from. the income and reve- .
nues of the year In which they were  .-
incurred).
For the Amendment? i- 1
Amendment Number Two. being Senat=
Constitutional Amendment No. J£i Tea
(providing for framing local county { —.
government acts by inhabitants of 1 !Na
counties for their government). ~ I
For the Amendment? £ ;
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a ; .-".-•-"
Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of ■ .
three Superior Judges designated by Na
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? \<
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. .37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or-- ■
ganlzed, or holding a charter un- N«,
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As- '
: sernbly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession thereto in .
certain cases and removing disability No,
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during tefm). .
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- '
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Tea
(relating to and denning Grammar- ■
Schools). 'SjafagftjS No
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing. for adjournment of Yes
Legislature for not less than thirty- — — '—
nor more than sixty days during each No
session).-
For the Amendment? .. .
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of tha
.State of California, the day and year herein
first above written. - •
JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
AttMt: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of Slat*.
• [SEAL.!
' ■ ■ ■- -
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley futures -dvanced.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet.
Alfalfa Hay weak and plentiful.
Bean? and Seeds unchanged.
Rice firm.
Potatoes and Onions the same.
Butter weak. Eggs quiet.
Poultry steady.
Game still in bad condition.
Fresh Fruit unchanged.
Dried Fruit neglected.
Provisions dull.
Hides weak, Hops firm and Wool dead.
Hogs rule .firm.
Coal steady. .
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 14, 5 p. m.
The following maximum ' temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
. Eureka, 60; Fresno, 88; Los Angeles. 78; Red
Bluff. 82; San Luis' Oblspo, 90; San Dle«?o, 66;
Sacramento, 82; Independence, S2; Yuma, 96.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 52; mean. SS.
WEATHEIV CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather is cloudy over the plateau and
Rocky Mountain regions and In Central Cali
fornia. It Is partly cloudy in Oregon and
Washington.
The pressure has risen over Oregon ana
.Washington and fallen over California and the
plateau region.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Washington and Oregon and remained station
ary in other sections.
Conditions are becoming unsettled in Cali
fornia and scattered light showers are prob
able in Central California Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 15, IS9S:
Northern California— Cloudy and threatening,
with scattered light showers. Saturday; fresh,
variable wind: cooler.
Southern- California— Partly cloudy, somewhat
threatening In north portion Saturday; fresh
■west wind; cooler. .
Nevada— Cloudy and probably. showers in tne
mountains Saturday: cooler. M^ lrNr .
Utah— Cloudy, with showers in north portion
Saturday: cooler.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and prob
ably light showers Saturday; fresh west wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpais— Cloudy; wind
west. 35 miles; temperature, 62; maximum, 68.
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
FASTERN MARKETS.
" NEW Y^RK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The local stock mar
ket overcame successively the opening depres
sion reflected from the earlier transactions on
foreign exchanges and the unsettling effect of
early weakness !n seme of the industrials. A
relapse later in the day in a rather extended
list of specialties put a stop to the upward
movement of the market and brought trading
In the general i:st almost to a standstill. The
list of smoks traded In was largely curtailed
and activity much diminished even in the
stocks which led the. decline. The relapse car
ried prices for the most part a fraction below
last nights close and the reaction from the
hijhe^t reached a point in some railroad
Pucar, Tobacco, Manhattan, Brooklyn
Transit. Metronolltan and Northern Pacific,
the latter the only active railroad stock, were
all active centers of weakness. Some of the
m and Southwestern railways were con
isly firm, the belatlng movement of cot
ton serving to imrrove their earnings. None
cf the large speculative interests which took
the lead in yesterday's market were at all
prominent to-day. There was a disposition to
take rather m r >re account of the depressed con
dition of foreign markets, with a growth of a
conviction that the money situation in Berlin
and the resultant effect on other financial cen
ters is more responsible for the depression than
political questions. The prob'sm of the inter
national exchanges seems to nave devolved It
self into a question of how to shift the" pres
sure of credit balances In favor of the United
£;;it. s. To-day's additional small engagement
of sold for Import is significant, in view of the
high money rates prevailing in Europe. It is
a fact that money is cheaper in New York than
In any other great financial center, excepting
possibly Paris. Yet the heavy demand for ex
port of our wheat and coarse grains continued
to-day. Rates for ocean freights are strong,
not only for present but for future shipments,
and the large offerings of exchange in the mar
kets for future delivery are said to be against
grain engagements for November and December
and even into January. There is no room for
surprise in view of the preliminary statement
of the foreign trade for September given out
to-day at Washington, showing an excess of
merchandise exports over imports of over $42,
account of the Hank of Eng
land In advancing the minimum discount rate
to 4 per cent and in borrowing from the market
in onier to make that rate effective and in so
doing secure control of international exchange
with a view of protecting specie reserve. It Is
evident that the pressure of this country's
credit upon the old world's money markets is
destined tr> increase in the near future.
There were continued evidence of investment
demand for high grade bonds as well as stocks.
Total sales. $2,200,000.
United States old fours registered, the new
fours and the fives were N higher and the old
four coupon higher In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 291,100
shares. Including: Atchison preferred 4952,
Burlington ',174. L. & N. 3.^2. Manhattan 5590,
Northern Pacific 29.920, Union Pacific 5220, do
preferred 413\. Pt. Paul 12.771. Southern Rail
way r.r»f<=rrei 3032, Tobacco 38,495, Sugar 100,
690, Chicago G. W. 5535.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison- 12%|St P M & M 172
Do prefd 334 1 So Pacific 23
B & O. all a-M pd. 4. r . So Railway 8%
Canada Pacific ..S3 Do prefd 33H
Canada Southern. 62% Texas & Pacific. 13 I.*1 .*
Central Pacific .. 25 Union Pacific 32% i
Ches & Ohio 21V« Do prefd 65ft
Chi & Alton 152 UPD & Q 1%
Chi H & Q 114% Wabash 7
Chi & E 111 53% Do prefd 20>4
Do prefd K>s Wheel & L E.... 3%
CCC &Pt L.... 39% Do prefd 10%
Do prefd 85 Express Companies —
Del & Hudson... 104 Adams Ex 1(18
Del L & W 146% American Ex .... 128
Den & R 0 13 United States 40
Do prefd 53% Wells Fargo 120
Erie (new) 13 I Miscellaneous —
Do Ist prefd.... 33% i A Cot Oil 36Vi
Fort Wayne 170 Do prefd $5%
Gt Nor prefd 139 Amu Spirits ..... 11%
Hocking Valley... 4% Do prefd 34%
Illinois Central .. 108% jAm Tobacco 118
Lake Erie & \Y . . 13%, Do nrefd 118
Do prefd 61% People's Gas 103%
Lake Shore 192' 2 i Cons Gas ITO
Louts & Xoi=h 54% Com Cable Co 179
Manhattan L .... 94% I Col F & Iron 20%
Met St Ity 162% Do nrefd 80
Mich Central 106 Gen Elec new,... 78%
Minn &St L 26 Illinois Steel 90%
Do Ist prefd.... 88 I Laclede Gas 47
Mo PacrSc 32% ! Lead 32%
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Do prefd 108%
Mo X & T 101,4 Nat Lin Oil 2%
Do prefd SO Haw Com Co 38
Chi Ind & L 7% Pacific Mail 32%
Do prefd 27% Pullman Palace... 195
N J Central 87 Silver Certificates 69%
NY Central 115% Stand R& T 6
N T Chi & St L. 11% Sugar 110%
Do Ist prefd.... 60 Do prefd 106%
Do 2d prefd.... 31 TC & Iron 26%
Nor West 13 US Leather 6
No Amer Co 6 Do prefd 64
No Pacific 40% U S Rubber 38%
Do prefd 75% Do prefd 100%
Ontario & W 15 "Went Union 91%
Or R & Nay E2 C & N W 130%
Or Short Line 26 Do nreid llfi
Plttshurg 169 St Lft S W 4%
Reading 17 Do prefd 11%
Do lot prefd.... 40% R G W 27
Rock Island 101% Do prefd 65
6t Louis & S F.. "hi. Intl Paper Co M
Do let r>ref<l.... 63% Do prefd 86%
Do 2d prefd.... 29% Pac C Ist prefd... 81
Bt Paul 107% Do 2d nrefd.... 61
Do prefd 160 Chicago G W 14%
St P & Om 78% Minn Iron 123
Do prefd 157 Brooklyn R T 64%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 105% N J C 5s 113%
V S new 4s reg....127% N Carolina 6s 122
Do coup 127% Do 4s 104
VS 4b 11l No Pac lsts 116%
Do coup 112% Do 3s 66%
Do 2nds 99 Do 4s 100%
V S 5s reg 113% N V C & St L 45. .104%
Do 5s coup 113% Nor & W 6s 123
District 3 65s 117% Northwestern Con. 142%
Ala class A 108 Do deb 5s 120%
-Do B 108 O Nay lsts.... 113
Do C 105 O Nay 4s 99%
Do Currency ....105 O S Line 6s t r....127%
Atchlson 4s' 93% O S Line 5s t r....106%
Do adj 4s 71% Pacific 6s of ...102%
Can So 2ds 108% Reading 4s 81%
Chgo Term 1 89% R G W lsts 87%
C & Ohio us 116% S L & Ir M Con 5s 97
C H & D 4%s 104% S L & S F.Gen 65119
D & R G lsts 110% St P Con 159%
D & R G 45.-. 97% St P C & P 15t5.. .120
East Term 15t5. ...105% Do 5s 117«
Erie Gen 4s 71 So RY 5s 97%
F W & D lsts t «-.. 74% S Rope & T Co 65.. 77
Gen Elec 5s :...!... Term new set 35.. 93%
GH& S A .....104 Tex PL O lsts... 107
Po 2ds 105 Do rg 2d 44%
H&T Cs* 11l Union Pac 4s 99%
Do Con os. 109 IT PD & G lsts... 77
lowa C lit* ....'...105% Wab Ist 5s 113%
La new con 45. -.103 Do 2ds ...: 88
L & N mi 48 SO% W Shore 4s 109%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Ceneuries....:.. 78%
mkTt24« «Vt Do deferred 7«4
M Do4f ...... ....... B**l Wis C isu 59%
'n V Cen lsts. 117% i
MINING STOCKS,
rhollar •••■ 8 Ontario 360 j
IraT&S
iiliiiS
Rtx™ Nevada 73
MnmeVtake 49 00 Ftandard S 50
{ron Silver.. Yellow jw'tet....:. M
tSSaSr^»V::..« IS iVellow Jacket 1« i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 67V4
Call loans 2 <53V4 Ed Elec Tel 196
Time loans 3 <fri Gen Elec prefd 166
Stocks— Atchison prefd 32%
AT & S F...1 12% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 110% Atchlson 4s 93%
Do prefd 106% Mining Shares—
Bay State Gas 1% Allouez Mln C 0.... 3%
Bell Tel : 275 Atlantic 26i4
Boston & Albany. .2.-.0 Boston & Mont 236
Boston & Maine. ..l 63 |Butte & 805t0n....
Boston & L .. 69% Calumet & Hecla..s<;>
Chi Bur & Q 114% Centennial .....19%
Gen Elec new 79% Franklin 13%
Mexican Cen 4!i|Old Dominion 29
Old Colony 192 Osceola 63v4
Rubber 38 iQutrrcy 119
Union Pacific 32% Tamarack 179
West End 85% Wolverine 2.Vi
Do prefd 107 Parrott 23
Westlnghse Elec... 32 jHumboldt 5%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— Evening Poste
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here opened steady , to-day,, but gave
way later on the reported military conspiracy
In France. They rallied on reassuring tele
grams from Paris, but finally closed flat on
pessimistic telephone messages from the French
capital, which were of a character to confirm
the earlier reports. Americans shaped their
own course consistently. They were good all
day, although the support was almost entirely
from New York. Norfolk and Western pre
ferred was especially good. Prices closed at
about the best.
Spanish 4's and all the French specialties
were fiat. '
A feature to-day was the sharp drop In bar
gold to 77b lOd. The buying for New York has |
ceased but Berlin has commenced purchasing j
and the price closed at about 77a 10% d. -
The London discount market is still unsettled,
but with a firm tendency, the Bank of Eng
land making further efforts to control the mar
ket at 3'i per cent.
The Germans are liquidating investment
stocks and mines, but are retaining Americans
fairly well.
Lazard Freres announce that they will import
$500,000 more gold. '•>■'-' '
LONDON, Oct. 14.— The amount of bullion
withdrawn from the Bank of England in bal
ance to-day was £140,000.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 86; Grand Trunk, 7%: bar
silver steady. 27 11-16 d; money, 2%@3 per cent.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— Bradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Speculation
in the early part of the week was dull and the
market heavy. Later it assumed more activity,
displaying a tendency to rally from the recent
depression. Professional trading and manipu
lation supplied, however, the bulk of the
transactions throughout, and the public has
been conspicuously Indifferent. It would seem
that the decline in the Industrials, the alleged
unfavorable Influence of election uncertainties
and the unsettled political outlook in Europe
have combined to reduce the outside Interest
to very small dimensions. Bearlshness on the
part of traders, resulted, however, in the
creation of a fair short interest, and while the
large financial interests show very evident
signs of disposition to wait until after the
election, certain powerful interests in the street
seem to have taken advantage of the situation
to create a rally in shorts. This was facilitated
by a change of sentiment due to the rise in
grain prices and the heavy foreign purchases
of American breadstuffs. Railroad earning
also continue to make remarkably favorable
exhibitions, even in comparison with the large
revenues of a war ago. The continued and
apparently increasing ease of money is another
sustaining factor, and is partly responsible
for the absence of any decided liquidation of
speculative holdings in the stock market. No
effect was produced by the advance of the Bank
of England rate and the rise of discount rates
in London to 3% per cent, and It is noted that
the large supplies of money and easy, rates here
encourage investments In foreign exchange, a
class of transactions which was sufficiently
familiar a year ago. The bond market Is dull,
with prices well sustained in the railroad de
partment. Government* are strong and the
demand for the new 3 per cents from banks
has this week carried their price up to 105%.
Industrial stocks have again been the prin
cipal objects of attention.
Sugar continued its irregular decline, falling
to 105%, but has had frequent rallies on the
short interest. On Friday, however, it broke
on alleged new cuts. Tobacco, though lesß ac
tive, has been Irregular. The announcement
that the control of the Drummons factors at
St Louis has been secured was accompanied by
reports of the Issue of considerable stock to
pay for it and of a renewal of the plug to
bacco war. Of this the price of the stock sold
down from 127% to 116, but support was ex
tended to it and the *tock Issue denied, where
upon it rallied to 120%.
People's Gas and Brooklyn Rapid Transit
were leaders In the recovery of the general
market and some attention is given to the new
Federal Steel stocks which are dealt in in the
outside market, a brilliant future being pre
dicted for the securities.
While a better fueling has been apparent
about railroad stocks, that part of the list has
been as a whole dull and neglected. Prices i
sagged wearily until Wednesday, and then re- j
covered early. An Incident was the advance
of Great Northern to 140%. the highest price
ever recorded for it. The very favorable week
ly earnings of the St. Paul road make a good
Impression, but fall to create any decided
movement in the stock. Nor have the yellow
fever reports from the South encouraged the
bears to attack the securities of railroads in
that section. The principal feature of the
railroad list was the movement of Northern
Pacific. Under selling induced by stories of an
Internal disagreement in the management the
price of the preferred was put down from 75%
to 74% and that of the common from 42% to
38%. Later they were rallied to 76 and 41% re
spectively on short coverings and fresh buying,
due to reports that the dissensions had been
settled and that a dividend on the 'common
was in prospect.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— The following table
compiled by Bradstreet shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ending
October 13. with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the ■ corresponding
week last year.
i . Per Cent.
Inc. Dec.
New York $833,128,187 6.8
Boston 100.903.067 5.4
Chicago 112.350.144 11.3 ....
Philadelphia 68,557.434 ....
St. Louis 34.027.990 3.4
Pittsburg 19.116,137 18.7
Baltimore 20.291.082 25.8
San Francisco 17,239.798 .... 6.8
Cincinnati 13,976,800 10.0
Kansas City 15.910.498 19.8
New Orleans 7,172.418 5.7
Minneapolis \ 11.917.448 5.9
Detroit 6.772.193 6.1
Cleveland 7.962.25S 23.1
Louisville 7.350.298 14.8
Providence 6.506.900
Milwaukee 6.462,409 9.9
St. Paul 6,026,459 ....
Buffalo 4.774.328 1.1 ....
Omaha 7.823,459 25.*
Indianapolis 5.354.258 3.5 ....
Columbus, 0 4,060.600 .7.9 ....
Savannah 3.948.915 .... 3.3
Denver 3.551.323 30.3 ....
•Hartford 2.805,111
Richmond 2.587,110 14.6
Memphis 2.214.381 .... 6.7
Washington 2,409,856 16.4
Peorla 1,843,160 .... 3.1
Rochester 1.981.46S 22.6
New Haven 1.690,876 1.0 ....
Worcester 1,619,779 .... ....
Atlanta 1,758,543 .... 2.8
Salt Lake City .... 1.951.043 .... 1.1
Springfield. Mass .. 1.769.683 29.6
Fort Worth 1,573.369 .... 1.4
Portland. Me 1.590.818 — ....
Portland. Or 2.273.327 11.4
St. Joseph 2,655,474 70.8
Los Angeles 1.616.371 10.8 ....
Norfolk '.595.956 3.1
Syracuse 1,127.573 13.3
Dee Molnes 1,143,098 5.9
Nashville 1,186.893 .... 1.8
Wilmington. Del ... .726.583 4.0
Fall River *53.083 .... 18.1
Scranton 825.060
Grand Rapids 917.633 ; 6.8
Augusta, Ga .:::::::: 1.152.993 .... . 6.7
Lowell 782.707 9.6
Dayton, Ohio .::::::: 818.084 18.4 ::::
Seattle 1,360,353 74.2
Tacoma 957,011 32.1
Spokane 1.168.406 60.3
Sioux City 1.0.-.6.056 15.7
New Bedford 678.808 7.7
Knoxvllle. Term ... 580.607 43.2
Topeka 500.325 22.8
Binghamton 353.000 ,
Wichita 352.U8 .... 3.9
lßnghampton ' ?^'2?2 •'«"« ""'
Lincoln 508.772 2.9 ....
Lexington. Ky 427.146 22.4 , ....
Jacksonville, Fla .. 247.363 30.7
Kalamazoo 260.373 .... 4.7
Akron . 385.900 41.0
Bay City 208.242 3.4
Chattanooga 389.488 61.0
Rockford. 11l 238.983 6.2
Canton. Ohio 226.400 15.8 ....
Springfield. Ohio ... 227.867 26.8
Fargo N Dak 108.741 37.1
Hastings. Neb 136.432 15.2 , ....
Fremont Neb 118.723 20.4
Davenport 828.212 26.6
Toledo 1.611.279 .... 6.0
♦•Galveston 5.420,600 32.0
•♦Houston ....- 10,219.151 41.2 .....
••Youngstown 279. 8.5
••Macon 619.000 .... ....
••Evannvllle 797,696 ....
"Helena 798.029 .... ....
••Little Rock 300,213 ....
Totals, D 8..... .41,359,261.652 6.1
Totals outside
New York 556.133.465 6.8
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $14,830,652 4.0 ....
Toronto 9.028.587 1.5
Winnipeg 1.987,014
Halifax 1,280.332 .... , 1.6
Hamilton 687.631 .... 3.5
j St. John. N. B 608,294 .... 1.2
" Totals $28,380,510 7777 1.2
•Not included ' In totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
••Not Included In totals because of no com
parison for last year. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, IS9B.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
With actual payments through clearing-houses
Vt per cent larger than in the same week of
1592 It cannot be said that business is in any
sense falling off, and yet many are complain
ing because the amount realized as profit Is
smaller than was formerly realized in good
times. In almost every branch of business
trade Is now transacted on a narrower margin
of profit than In any other time of fair pros
perity. There is a great change, and perhaps
a permanent one. in the percentage of profit*
derivable from the trade and manufacture as
well as in the profits obtainable by transport
ers. Progressive civilization calls for a lower
range of profits and of prices as the volume
of business transacted increases In order to
make possible improvement In the condition of
the working millions.
Wheat business is more active, with prices
about 2c higher for spot and nearly 3c for De
cember options. Very heavy purchases have
been- made within the past few days, not as
yet reflected In the official record of shipments,
but the exports from both coasts, flour in
cluded, have been 4,101.770 bushels, against
4.556.015 for the same week last year. It Is es
pecially Interesting that in spite of the general
disposition of farmers to hold back their wheat
the Western receipts have been for the weefc
much larger than last year and for two weeks
20.790.455 bushels, against 16,685.554 last year.
While attention is now paid to the official re
ports they seem to foreshadow a larger return
for the crop than has been made in any pre
vious year. The price of corn has advanced
about 2c, though the receipts are just now
larger than a year ago. The. price of spot
cotton 1b a sixteenth luwer than a week ago
and the\January option has also lost a rew
points, while there is a weaker market lor
goods. This is partly due to the official ad
mission that the prices of print cloths, now a
sixteenth below 2c, cannot be sustained wltn "
out a selling agency, which Is now proposed
Although the production at Fall Klver is in
excess of demand the difficulty in prices is
probably largely due to the belief that a oig
yield of cotton must reduce the price or tne
material. While come woolen mills nave
started operations during the week quite aa
many have stopped. Although wool is about
10 per cent lower than it was February l tne
manufacturers are not buying and the marKet
Is remarkably dull, with sales during the past
two weeks of only S, 178,700 pounds at the tniee
chief markets, against 24,331,600 last year and
14.53G.3U0 in 1596 and 13.703.500 in 18*2. The gen
eral feeling is that the price of the material
must decline before the manufacture can much
increase its sales. Orders for^goods have been
a little better and a few mills have resumed
operations, but there Is as yet no such demand
as is necessary to sustain current prices or
The Iron manufacture again reports a small
increase in the weekly output, 21u,630 tons,
against 213.043 a month ago. and with the de
crease in quantity of unsold stocks on hand
outside the great steel companies the apparent
consumption for the month of September was
983,804 tons, against 980.503 In August There
are quite heavy Eastern orders for f'j" n^>
iron, fully supporting prices, and at t -hioago
prices of local iron are strong, with less alspo-
J-itlon to sell Southern pig at reduced quota
tions. The orders for finished products include
a very heavy demand for plates. fsP^ll}. |>£
shipyards, several of considerable ™£nltude
for structural works covering about 15 000 tons
and an unusually heavy demand for bars. In
pipes Pittsburg has been able to place orders
for thirty miles of ten-Inch pipe and other or
ders for'lOO miles are practically clo ?f d -
Fal lures for the week were 2fe m the United
States, against 223 last year, and 2o in Canada,
against 36 last year.
BRADSTREET' R REVIEW.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: While the advent of cooler
weather in most sections of the country has
undoubtedly been Instrumental In causing
Improvement In the tone of the distributive
trade, perceptible at most markets this week,
beneficial effect upon general business and par
ticularly upon agricultural products, the report
of improved demand abroad for our staple
.ereals should not be lost sight of. At most
Western centers an improvement In the re
tail and jobbing trade in seasonable dry good*,
clothlnr and shoes is reported, and more
seasonable weather at the South is responsible
for some relaxation of the absurd quarantines
which have done so much to cripple trade in
that section. Particularly prominent in this
connection Is the loosening of the quarantines
in the lower Mississippi Valley, where it be
gins at last apparently to be appreciated that
the quarantines are worse than the disease they
aim to fight. Good export demand in general
European account, smaller shipments from
Russian nnd Danublan ports, less favorable
reports regarding Russian and Australian crops
and an undoubtedly active home demand for
wheat for milling, superinduced by the active
foreign call for flour,' have all worked to
strengthen the price of wheat this week, and
sympathetic reflection is found in the Improved
call for other cereals at slightly better prices.
Another favorable feature In the foreign trade
situation, too. has been the apparently satis
factory progress makine in developing the
trade with our new possessions in the Atlantic
and Pacific. Large orders on Cuban account
are said to have been placed recently in New-
York, and heavy phipments to Manila and
other' Pacific Ocean points, with the reported
starting of new lines of steamships to Hono
lulu and Australia, all bear testimony to the
energetic efforts of American business men to
build up our trade abroad. Railroad earnings
and bank clearings continue to furnish favor
able measures of current business. The leather
situation has attracted more attention this
week because of the reported intention to shut
down a large number of tanneries In an effort
to affect the prices which are now said to be
relatively higher than the finished production.
Iron trade reports are a repetition of recent
weeks, new business being of moderate pro
portions, but mills and foundries are kept
busily employed on early orders.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4.729,935 bushels, against 5,397,
224 bushels last week. 5.939.720 bushels In this
week a year ago, 4,516,817 bushels In 1536. 2,409,
446 bushelß in 1895 and 3.192.09S bushels In 1894.
Since July 1 this year the exports of wheat
aggregate 56.625.116 bushels, against 66,920,132
bushels during the same period a year ago.
Business failures for the week number 233,
against 163 last week, 196 in this week a year
ago, 279 in 1596. 2R9 in 1595 and 253 in 1894.
Business failures In the Dominion of Canada
number this week 22, against 23 last week,
which are only half of what they were one
year ago, and compare with 30 in 1896, 37 In
1895 and 39 in 1894.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. FLOUR— Receipts. 23,
774 barrels; exports, 17,052 barrels. More active
and firmer.
WHEAT— Receipts. 296.000 bushels; exports.
115, bushels. Spot easy; No. 2 red, 74% cf.
o. b. afloat. Options were weak and lower
early under disappointing cables and short
selling. With a later development of heavy ex
port-business, however, shorts stampeded and
a violent recovery took place, ' leaving final
prices %<??% c net higher. No. 2 red May,
69 13-16@70%c, closed 70% c. .
WOOL— '■''■ *'■ -
METALS— was something of a bull
move In the Metal market to-day, all the de
partments exhibiting a marked change for the
better In general temper, with prices in some
Instances a shade higher. The chief feature
was an advance In the price of Lake Copper,
which for weeks has been Inactive and nom
inally unchanged. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants steady, with $7 00 bid
and $7 20 asked.
TlN— Firmer, but not active, with $17 05 bid
and $17 15 asked.
LEAD— Quiet, with $3 S7'i bid and $3 90
asked. The firm naming the settling price for
leading Western miners and smelters quotes
Lead at $3 75.
SPELTER— with $4 90 bid and $5
asked.
COPPER— brokers', $12; exchange,
$12 87H^12 50.
COFFEE — Options closed with prices un
changed to 5 points lover. Sales, 5000 bags, In
cluding • October, $5 30; November, $5 35; Sep
tember, $6 05. Spot Quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3 11-16®
3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-32@4%c; molasses.
3 7-16@3%c. Refined— Steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2725 packages. Market
firm. Western creamery, 15(g;22c; Elglns, 22c;
factory, 11%@14%c.
Receipts, 3935 packages. Firm; West
ern, 18% c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Bc;
prime wire tray. B%c; choice, 9c; fancy. 9%c.
PRUNES— 4<gS»c as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@13c ; Moorpark. 12@16c.
• PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7@9c; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. Much to the surprise of
the leading portion 'of the grain trade, the
Liverpool market opened at a decline over
night of %d and closed at a loss of 1%@1%d.
The result was a decidedly weak opening here.
December started with plenty of sellers at 64%
@64% c, compared . with yesterday's closing
price of 64% c. This was practically a "put"
price, and a good deal of buying was done by
holders of these privileges.
Outside of the demand from this source, how
ever, there was little support given the market
and a still further decline occurred. December
finally getting down. to 64c. In the afternoon
the market became quite active and strong.
Reports from the seaboard showed very heavy
export engagements, the figures' ranging all
the way from 70 to 150 boatloads. This indica
tion that the foreigners were taking advantage
of the decline to satisfy their wants started
shorts on the run, December going up to 65®
65fte at the close, a gain of %c for the day.
There was a fairly active trade in corn. The
market was weak in sympathy with wheat, and
a decline in cables. When wheat turned strong
corn responded. The close is • / -@ 3 / s c higher for,
December. , . >
Oats were quiet all day. The opening was
weak and prices- ruled lower until late in the
day, when they rallied with wheat and corn,
closing unchanged from yesterday.
A good business was done In provisions. The
market started easy with grain. ; There was a
little too : free selling > during the - early weak
ness and when the. rally In grain came the
demand from shorts was so heavy that prices
advanced very rapidly. The close Is 7%@12%c
higher than yesterday. ■
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— „ Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. — •"
October ..-•• *£>)*■
December 64% 65% 64 65V&
May 65% 66% 65% 661.4
Corn, No. 2— ' * . ,
October 30 30% 29 7 i 30%
December 30% 31 '» M% 31
May 32% 33% 32% 33%
Oats. No. 2—
December 22's 22% 22i* 22%
May 23Vs 23% 23 - 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— „ ,
December 7 82% 7 37% 7 82% 7 97%
January 9 00 9 22' 2 9 00 9 22%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 4 52% 4 92% 4 52% 4 92%
January 490 5 02% 490 5 02%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 5 32% 5 37% 5 22% 330
January 4 67% 4SO 465 4 1"Y X
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
strong, millers asking 10@15c advance; Nc 3
spring wheat. G3'S64%c; No. 2 red, 66@67c; No.
2 corn. 30%®30%c; No. 2 oats, f. o. b.. 22%@
23'ic; No. 2 white, f. o. b., 25% c: No. 3 white,
f. o. b., 24%@25 l />c; No. 2 rye. 43% c; No. 2 bar
ley, f. o. b.. 31@4Sc; No. 1 fiaxseed. 90% c; prime
timothy seed. $2 20@2 25; mess pork, per barrel,
$7 90(§7 95; lard, per 100 pounds. $4 95@4 97%;
short ribs sides (loose), $5 15<{55 40; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 4%@4%c; short clear sides
(bcxed), $5 30<S5 40: whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 25; sugars, cut loaf, $5 77;
granulated, $5 14.
Articles— Receipts. Shipment?.
Flour, barrels 12.000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 169,000 145,1 10
Corn, bushels 4C5.000 478,000
Oats, bushels 355.000 515,000
Rye. bushels 25,000 27,000
Barley, bushels 131.000 41,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; Creameries, 13Q20c: Dairies,
12@17c. Cheese, steady, S^O'/ic Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14% c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts, Shipments,
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 3^1,640 68,640
Dululh 631,357 370,510
Milwaukee 75.650 3,900
Chicago 160.316 ' 145.947
Toledo 42.203 2.050
St. Louis 137.000 104,000
Detroit 17,110 6,794
Kansas City 122,000 113,500
Totals 1,469.276 815,341
Tidewater —
Boston 37,095 7,159
New York llii.SlO 296,000
Philadelphia 44.198 3,836
Baltimore 45.946 124.000
New Orleans 32.200
Galveston 25,984 294.410
Totals 272,033 757,605
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Oct. Dec. Mar.
Opening- 5 10^g 5 8%
Closing 5 9ft 5 754
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. -Apr.
Opening 47 55 46 40
Closing 47 65 46 70
Wheat —
Opening 21 86 21 80
Closing 2190 21 So
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct CATTLE— beef
steers, $1 SG@E 80 for common grades to extras,
the greater part fetching $5 25@5 60, and com
mon fed Texans and fed Westerns, $4@4 30;
stockers and feeders. ?3@4 80; butchers and
canners sold at better prices and a few fancy
veal calves brought $7 20@7 40; stock calves,
$4 50<f6.
HOGS— Prices ruled steady and unchanged
at $3 35@3 92% for common to fancy, the greater
part changing hands at $3 65<§3 SO. Very few
pigs went below $3 and sales were largely at
$3 30® 3 50.
SHEEP— Offerings of sheep and lambs were
well taken at $3fS4 60 for inferior to choice
sheep, choice to fancy yearlings bringing $4 50
04 75: Western range sheep. $3 6094 60; feed
ers, $4@4 20; lambs sold briskly at $4 25@4 50
for common, up to $«'(?' i 25 for choice to- prime
j flocks, choice range lambs selling around $5 60;
: feeding lambs were In active demand at $4 So@
5 15.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, 27,000; sheep,
7000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts.
16.000. Market steady to strong. Native steers,
$4 15©6 40; cows and heifers, $l(f'4 25; stockers
and feeders, $3® 3 90; bulls, $2 50«» 25.
HOGS— Receipts, 9000. Market steady to
strong; bulk of sales. $3 55@3 65; heavies, $3 55
©3 75; packers and mixed, $3 50<g3 65; lights,
$3 40«3 62%; pigs, $3 2.V83 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 10@5 50; muttons, $3@4 50.
DENVER.
DENVER. Oct. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts. SOO.
Market firm; feeder demand good. Beef steers,
$3 75@4 25; cows, $2 60@3 50; feeders, freight
paid to river, $3 75@4 25; stockers do, $3 50®
4 20; bulls, stags, etc., $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market 5c higher. Light
packers. $3 60&3 70; mixed, $3 55@3 65; heavy,
$3 .^"..-3 55. _
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Market firm. Good
fat muttons, $3@4 25: lambs, $3 90@5 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Oct. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts. 3000;
shipments, 400. Strong to higher. Beeves. $3 60
@5 20; cows and heifers, $203 50; stockers and
feeders. $3'aM 20: Westerns $2 5004 20.
HOGS— Receipts, 4500. Market 2%@dc higher,
active; range, $3 60@3 70; bulk of sales, $3 62%@
3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6200. Active and stronger.
Western. $3 90@4 25; yearlings. $4 20<gl 35;
lambs. $4 90@5; feeders, $3 8594 85.
NEW YORK DRIED FRUIT MARKET.
The New Yoik Commercial under date of
October 8 says:
"Cooler and more seasonable weather Is
having its effect and there is more demand
for dried fruits. Inquiry Is also Increasing
somewhat showing that the distributing trade
is thinking about the winter supplies.
"There is little change noticeable In prunes.
Trade Is slack because of small offerings.
Holders of large sizes on the coast are keep
them tc work out their less desirable fruit.
Small sizes are muc • in evidence in offerings,
and there isn't much question that small sizes
will be accepted eventually. The suggested
possibility of a French combination to cap
ture the prune market o f the Eas* hasn't ma
terialized yet. and the efforts will hardly bf;
made this year. The French crop lacks large
sizes and that Is what the Eastern trade wants
this year. , _
"The raisin situation is unchanged. First
arrivals of the new crop are reported satlsfac
"Prices are held firm, pending the probable
change October 15. Until then there will be
little business done, though inquiry is brisk
and demand will be likely to Increase.
"Figa are firm under reports of short crops.
I,ater reports cut the yield down to perhaps
11 f'oo camel loads. Fane- ->re selling at lVn^r
arid pulled at 16'ft24c. California fancy layers
sell at lO'-'&^c, and bags 5%@6c. Pome effort
Is being made to force the sale of California
fruit and if the keeping quality was as fav
orable as the packing there would be no diffi
culty In disposing of any quantity in this mar
ket
"Dates are held steady, but spot prices an;
email and trade restricted in consequence.
"Apricots are firm, with export demand in
creasing. Local trade Is somewhat restricted,
but prospects of higher prices are encouraging
to holders.
"Peaches show no change from last reports.
There are no stocks in first hands, and all in
second and third hands are held stiff, with
upward tendency.*'
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day with
the following results: Grapes— Tokays, 90c<§>
$1 40, average $1 28; double crates, $2 75@3 20.
average $2 9S; Muscat, $1 SO; Comlchon, $1 10.
Peaches— Salway, $1 35;- • October Late, $133.
Pears— Kleffer, $1 80(g2 10, average $1 82.
Prunes— ltalian, $137; Silver, $140. Weather
favorable. Seven cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 14.— Grapes— Tokay.
SI 15(gl SO, average $1 34; double crates, $2 40®
3 30. average $2 91; Cornlchons, $1 60; double
crates. $3 16; Malagas, $1 69; assorted, $1 26.
Peaches— Sal ways. 65c@$l 20, average $1 03;
George's Late, 50<g85c, average 62c; Lemon
Clings, 65c; Heath, 65c. Three cars sold.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— Grapes— Tokay. &oc(?i<sl 75,
average $1 37; one lot averaged 81c; double
crates, $2 72; Malagas, $1 30@l 50; Cornichons,
$1 52; dout.'e crates, $3; assorted, $1 30. Weather
favorable. Eight cars sold.
BOSTON, Oct. 14.— Grapes— Tokays. 65cig;$l 30,
average $1; Ccrnlchons, SOcifiJl 70, average 96c.
Peaches— October Late, S'Jc. Weather cloudy.
Three cars sold.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows: — Pears-
. Bartletts, $2 7003 40 box; B. d'Anjou, $2 65;
Qlout Morceau, $2 65; Lawrence, $2 25;
Duchesse. $2 05; Winter Nellis, $2; Easter
Beaurres, $1 75. Grapes — Cornichons, $3 25 dou
ble crate and $1 40^1 60 single crate; Tokays,
$2 50Q3 75 double crate and $1 05©l 70 single
crate; Black Morocco, $1 20. Peaches— Salways,
56cfi$1 15 box; George's Late, ;"s(?iS."jc.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— Pear* Bartletts, $2 95
@4 box; Beaurre Clairgeaus, $2 35; Winter Nel
lis, $1 90. Grapes— Muscats, $1 20@l 80 single
crate; Black Morocco, $1 75; Tokays. Soc<3Sl 60;
Malagas, $1 40; assorted, Soc@?! 35. Peaches —
Salways, $1 25@1 65 box: October Lates, $1 Ui.
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN THE EAST.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— The Journal of Com
merce says: As an advance In the price of
California raisins, to take effect at midnight
of the lGth lnst., has been expected. It has
been without material effect upon the Eastern
trade. The demand has not been stimulated to
any extent of late by the prospect of higher
prices and there has been no great effort to
sell goods. In fact Eastern commission mer
chants as a rule do not seem to like the meth
ods followed by the association, claiming that
they restrict business by causing an uncertain
feeling. They will sell goods under associa
tion terms because they cannot do otherwise.
they say, but they are not In sympathy with
the plans of those who regulate the associa
tion's operations. An evidence of this Is found
In flagrant violations of the association's rules
by some or the large handlers of raisins in
Eastern consuming markets. There is a good |
deal of dissatisfaction expressed .by Eastern
sellers in regard to the methods followed by
the syndicate and some of the handlers of Cali
fornia raisins here do not hesitate to express
the opinion that the organization has made it- i
self so unpopular that next season It will cease .
to control the market, while some assert that ;
It will be only a matter of a few weeks when ,
its authority will end. On the other nana
there are a number of people who contend that
the association by Its action in securing con
trol of the crop and regulating prices has been
a benefactor not only to growers and packers,
but to distributors, by putting an end to in
discriminate consignments which in past years
have kept the market in a demoralized con
dition.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 14.— There was less
firmness in the Liverpool market to-day, but
Portland exporters hung on to the old figures
and paid 60c and over for Walla Walla, some
speculative buying being reported as high as
61/&62 C. Valley and blue stem, 62@63c.
* Foreign whi-at shipments from this port for
the week ending to-day amounted to 400,680
bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Oct. 14.— Wheat— Club, 60^c; blue
stem, 63V2C.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. 14.— Consols, 109 5-16; silver,
27 11-16 d; French rentes, lOlf 92>4c; wheat car
goes oft coast, nothing doing: cargoes on
passage, nominal, unchanged; Walla Walla,
2Ss 6d; English country markets, firm.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 14.— WHEAT— Steady; No.
1 standard California, 6s 7d@ss Sd; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet and steady; weather In
England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 3-32 d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
stocks exhausted; No. 1 red Northern spring
steady, 6s l%d. Futures closed quiet; Decem
ber, 6a 9%d; March, 5s 7%d.
CORN — Spot American mixed new quiet. 3s
6%d; October steady, 3s 6%d; November steady.
3s 6V»d; December steady, 3s 6}; d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 14.— COTTON— Dull; mid
dling, 5%c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. 14.— Exchanges, $306,
190; balances, $70,035.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — *4 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 85V4
New York Exchange, sight — 17Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars 47% 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures continue to advance, but
the spot market, albeit firm, Is slower to re
spond to the improved conditions East and
abroad. The demand, however, is improving,
and the situation is better all around. .
Spot Wheat— Shipping, %1 IS%@l 20; milling,
$1 22H01 25.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December —
16.000 ct 1 $1 20%; 12.000, $1 ZIJ^: 38,000, $1 20>£.
May— 4lloo ctls, $1 22%: 4000, $1 22%.
Second session— December— lo,ooo ctls, $1 21;
600 ft. $1 21%.
Regular morning session — December — 2000 ctls,
Jl 21 r 'j; 10,000, $1 21 1*:1 *: 4000, $1 22; 40,000, $1 21V
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo ctls, $122 Vi;
SOOO, n 22%. 4000, $1 224,; 2000. $1 22.
HA RLE Y— The market is in about the same
situation as wheat. Futures are rising, but
spot prices remain stationary. The demand Is
* Feed, $1 17'^ijrl 20; Brewing, $1 25 for No. 2.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— 4ooo ctls. $1 22%.
Regular morning session — December— 2000 ctls,
i $1 23Vs.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— The demand continues Rlack, though
there are some jobbing sales all the time which
keep the market from stagnation.
Fancy Feed, $1 25SJ1 TMk P e r ctl; good to
choice, $1 20{;l 22-; common, t'. 1501 17%; Sur
prise. $1 30S1 35: Gray, $1 ISG 1 20; milling.
$1 2001 25 per ctl; Red. $1 4CK&I 47^; Black,
*$1 60<S 1 70.
CORN— Prices remain unchanged.
Str.all round yellow. $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $1 Of.fjl OTH; white, $110; mixed, $I@l 05
per ctl; California White. $1 12V 2 tf?l 15.
RYE— sl 17V"1 —'. Per Btt. The crop this
year is light, which renders possible the pres
ent imports from the East.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern is quoted at fl 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 1554 25; bakers'
extra? $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, J3 25tj3 su; Buckwheat
Flour, $4Q4 2i; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 55&6 25; in sacks, $5 65^6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FSEDSTUFFS.
Alfalfa Hay continues to arrive liberally and
Is weak in consequence. Grain Hay Is steady,
though the market continues quiet.
Feedstufts range the same.
BRAN— fU 50915 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18(ii20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mil!. J3lrt?3l 50; Jobbing.
$32'§32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $2Siff3o per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50@24 60;
Cracked Corn. $24^25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Wheat, $17@19 for
good to choice and $15'ffil6 for lower grades; no
fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat. $15ftlR: Oat,
114916; Island Barley, $12 s<V*?l4; Alfalfa, $U
©11 80; Stock. $llfil2 .'.O; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Alfalfa, $10(f(in fSO per ton.
STRAW— 4O&7OC per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market Is dull and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 Ss@l 95: Small Whites, $2@
2 15; Large Whites, $1 50@l 70; Pinks, $2 35®
2 40; Reds, $3; Blackeye. $3 2503 30; Butters,
nominal; Llmas, $3 25<§3 35; Pea, $1 Si(tf2; Red
Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brawn Mustard, $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, S4~gi 25: Flax, none here: Ca
nary Peed. 2'- 4 (fT2%c per rb; Alfalfa, 6i&6\ic;
Rape. 2Vi«i3^ic; Hemp, 2};!7?3c; Timothy, o@si>ic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 35@1 50; Green, $1 50
©1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market Is- dull and well supplied all
around, but prices show little variation.
POTATOES— 4O(S 60c for Early Rose and 40@
,50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. 85c
01 10; Oregon, 75c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, 75c@$l
for nearby and $1 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— 3S<gSOc per cU for yellow; Pickle
Onions, 50<gS5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Mushrooms, 10ig25c per tb;
Green Peas. 3c; String Beans, IV32V3C; Lima
Beans, 50® 75c per sack; Bay Squash, 35@50c:
Green Peppers, 50fJ?60c for Chili and 50@80c for
Bell; Cabbage, 50c; Carrots. 35(ffr.0c per sack;
Bay Cutfumbers, 60@7F.c; Tomatoes, 40@6fc;
Garlic, 3c per Tb; Green Okra, 50<S65c; Dried
Okra, 10c per tb: Egg Plant, 35(g60c per box;
Marrowfat S uash, $SCol2 per ton.
EVAPORA TBD VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16(&18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c: new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at $6 for Hens. $6@7
for young Roosters, $5 for old do, $4 50@5 for
Fryers and $4 for Broilers. Local stock was
not materially changed.
The greater part of the game came in
spoiled again and the quotations below repre
sent good stock only.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@16c for Gob
blers and lofilGc for Hens: Geese per pair,
$1 25@>1 50: Goslings. $1 23@1 50: Ducks, $4@5 for
old and $4'g6 tor young; Hens, $4@5; Roos
ters young. $5@6: Roosters, old. J4 25(34 50:
Fryers, $4@4 50; Broilers. $3 50@4 for large; $3@
3 50 for vnall; Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for
old and A 75<S"-2 for squabs.
OAME-
Uuail. $2<g2 75: Mallard. $507j Canvasback.
$7 50; Sprig. »2 ;,off4: Teal, $2 ffii@-3 50; Widgeon,
$1 So@3 50; Small Duck. $1 25(a2; English Snipe.
$2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 25: Gray Geese, $2i&2 50;
Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails
aiid $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The Butter market continues very soft and
dull and close buyers get concessions from the
quotations.
There is nothing new in Eggs.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 27V«@29c; sec
onds, 25(f'-*>c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 24@26c; common
grades, 22<&23c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin. IS"32Ce; pickled roll,
19(&21c; creamery tub, 21®22VsC.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16@16&c per
lb; Elgin. 22<822'^c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10@llc; old, BH@
9Hc: Cream Cheddar, lOigllc; Young America,
10M.@llV.c; Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 30#35c per dozen; store
Eggs. 18fi25c; Eastern, 15(glSc for ordinary and
22@i23c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS, FRUITS.
There is nothing new whatever. The market
is amply supplied with all seasonable kinds and
prices vary very little from day to day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 75@4 per chest for large and
$7<®9 for small.
Figs, 40i&/75e per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes, 25<@40c per crate; Nutmegs, 15(9
30c per box; Watermelons, $15@17 per hundred
for large and $B@l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries. 6@7c per lt>.
Quinces, SCoToc per box.
Pomegranates, s'"<r"se per small box.
Cranberries, $8 per barrel for Eastern and
$2 50@2 75 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 25@50c per box; crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Isabellas, G0075c
per crate; Wine Grapes, $14@17 per ton for Zin
fandel and $12<gi4 for common kinds.
Blackberries. $4 per chest.
Plums. 35075 c per crate and box.
Peaches. 40@75c per box.
Raspberries, $5!§6 per chest.
Apples. 3n@6oc for common, 75@S5c per box
for No. 1 and P)eigsl for choice.
Winter Pears. 3;'><a7sc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 50@2 50 for
Valencia^, $1 2o ( 'al 50 for Mediterranean Sweets
and $1(31 25 for Seedlings; Lemons, $1 50<gi2 50
for common and ?3®5 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes 16; California Limes, ; Ba
nanas, }1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
The conditions of the New York market will
be found In the first column. The local market
continues very dull.
DRIED FRUIT-Prunes. 6H<S7c for 40-50' s.
s<gsWc for 50-60' s. 4@4V 4 c for 60-70' s, 3Vi'B;3V4c for
70-80's, 2%@3c for 80-90's. 2>4(iT2U;C for 90-100s
and l%@2c for 100-110' s; Silver Prunes, s@7c;
Peaches, 6@7e for good to choice, 7^s(g:S l 4c for
fancy and 10@12Hc for peeled; Apricots, 10(g)
12c for Royals and 12ffl2'ic for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples. 7%07%c; sun dried, ■I®
44c; Black Figs, sacks. 2<g2V4c: Plums, 4 1 ,i'gi
6c for pitted and l'tjlViC for unpitted; Nec
tarines. 6@7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
for quarters and B(g9c for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, 4c for three
crown, 4%e for four-crown, 4' / i@6o for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V4c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; dried Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 6c for hardshell, 7c for soft
shell; Almonds, S^c for hardshell. 13c for
softshell. 13^14c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 4@
6%c for Eastern and 4Vic for California: Pe
cans, 6%<gSc; Filberts, 9Vj«loc; Brazil Nuts.
8(6 9c per Ib; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb, lOftillc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6M>@
7e;. light amber extracted. 6c; dark. S@SV2C
per Tb.
BEESWAX— 24@2fic per tb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7>^c »er Tb for
heavy, Sc fcr light medium. 10c for light, lOVic
for extra light and 12(gl2iic for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams, 9<g9',?c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess beef, SlKgll 50; Family Beef, $12-®
12 DO 4 extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18@
18 o0; mess, $15 50® 16; Smoked Beef, 11®12c
per tb.
LARD — Eastern, tierces, quoted at 5%e per tb
for compound and 6%«7c for pure; palls, 7Hc-
California tierces, 4%@5c per Ib lor compound
and 6c for pure; half barrels. 6V4c; 10-tt> tins,
7',ic; 5-rb tins, 7Vic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 574<?i6%c;5 7 4<?i6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-rb palls. 60 in a case, 9>£c;
3-tb pails, 20 In a case, SHe; 6-fb palls. 12 in a
case B%c; 10-Ib palls. 6 in a case. B%c; 50-tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7^c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SHe; fancy tubs, 80 tbs net, l%c; half
barrels, about 110 tbs, 7%c per lt>.
HIDES, TALI^OW. WOOL. AND HOPS.
The talk of closing down the tanneries in the
East by the leather trust on account of the
low price of Leather has a depressing effect on
the Hide market, which is weak and dull.
Hops are firm at full quotations. Wool con
tinues neglected.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, BVic; Cow
hides, SVztiiiVsc; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
'jc; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands.
12<i<13c; dry Kip and Veal, loc; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15^250 each; shirt wool, |
30!ji40c each; medium, 60<&S0c; long wool, 90c@
$1 10 each; Horsehides, salt, $2 for large and
$1«1 50 for small; Colts. 50c; Horsehides, dry,
$1 "50 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3V«!§3Vic per rb;
No. 2, 2%@8%c; refined. 4Vi<@4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— IS 97 clip, Southern Mountain, 7<gloc;
free Northern, 9'frl2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9(s lie; San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months'. SWlOc; Foothiil and
Northern, free. 12'oHc: Fnothill and Northern,
defective. 10<ljl2c; Middle County, 13fr516c; Ilura
boldt and Mendocino, ll(Sl6c; Nevada, 10'514c;
Eastern Oregon, UK<il2c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB9S crop, ll'fi.'Hc per Kb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4T4«5c; Wool Bags, 26#2Sc: San
Quentin Bags, $4 So; Fruit Bags, sc, oVic and
B\c for the three grades of white and 7@Bc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New We'lir.c
ton, $S: Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5: Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $10 in bulk and $11 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week j
there have been three arrivals of coal from
Washington with 10,300 tons, two from Austra
lia, 4054 tons: one from British Columbia, 4218
tons; one from Oregon. 400 tons: total. lv-'T- j
tons. Everything in the fuel line is moving I
along smoothly; no changes to note of any mo
ment; stocks on hand are ample to fill all re
quirements, and prices remain the same. The
outgoing transports take barely sufficient fuel
to reach Honolulu, where they coal up for the
remainder of the voyage to Manila: the Gov
ernment supply is very large at Honolulu, as
the purchases made by the Navy Department
for that section were on the basis of a possi
ble continuation of the war for fully twelve
months, hence they are overstocked there. The
Australian list is gradually diminishing, which
Is evidence of a scarcity of coal carriers in
colonial waters, in fact, all the transporta
tion from that section is being done by our
coast owned vessels seeking to come home. All
the foreign vessels there have been diverted to
the grain carrying trade to Europe, as the com
incr harvest there indicates a surplus for ship
ment of over lOO.f'OO tons. It is early to predict
what our rainfall may prove to be this coming
season; the showers we have had to date have j
fallen most propitiously. Retailers have been
already benefited by the late storms, as their
sales have been materially increased."
RlCE— Storms in the South and the yellow
fever quarantine render the market very firm.
China mixed, $4 15^4 20; China No. 1, $4 75f
5 20; extra do, $~, 30Q6 60- Hawaiian, $5 25<&)
5 37' 2 ; Japan. $; 80@6 40; Louisiana, $5 50@6 50.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7Vic; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6V»c; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A. 6c; California A, s»ic; Magnolia A,
S«ftc: Extra C, 5Hc: Golden C. 5%c; half-barrels,
VtC more than barrels, and boxes V£c more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are quoted firm and in moderate re
ceipt. The other descriptions under this head,
are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, ege^c; second quality,
5%c; third quality. 4©3 c.
VE ALr— Large. j(<|6c: small, 6Vi(ffSc per Tb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6>@7c; Ewes, 6@6*4c
per tb.
LAMB— Spring Umb. 7 1 ;S'Sc per !t>.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3\^ifi2^c for large, 4a4*4c
for medium and H4O3HC for small; stock Hogs
2@3c; dressed Hogs, sU@fi%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, October 14.
Flour, qr sks ... 850 Sugar, sks 4.501
Wheat, ctls 40: Quicksilver, flsk. 100
Barley, ctls 760 1 Lumber, ft 45,000
Oats, ctls 420 Leather, rolls ... 90
Butter, ctls 90 Straw, tons 15
Cheese, ctls 80 \ Hay, tons 424
Beans, sks 2,061 Hops, bales 171
Onions, sks 215 1 Wool, bales 496
Potatoes, sks ... 1,345, Pelts, bdls 110
Bran, sks 1.6401 Wine, gals 67,800
Lime, bbls SI Hides, no 297
Raisins, bis 1.200 Eggs, doz 7,350
OREGON.
Hay, tons 10 1
Nevada.
Barley, ctls 450 j Hay, tons 10
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 8001 Rye, ctls 630
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs are selling at last
week's prices.
The Poultry market is well supplied and
prices show no particular change. Game has
been In bad condition of late, owing to the
recent warm and moist weather.
Fruits and Vegetables are about the same as
usual,, though some of the summer kind are
growing dearer, as the season is drawing to a
close.
Following is The Call's regular weekly
price list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ @12 OOiCastle Gate.. s9 60@
Wellington . @10 OOlSouthfield
New Welling- I Wellington @9 50
ton <?n0 00, Coos 8ay.... - — & 7 00
Seattle 8 00@ 1
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy per |Cheese, Swiss 20^25
square — ®60i Common Eggs 2Se3Q
Do per roll — 085 Ranch Eggs, per
Do, good 45@50 dozen 35<g40
Pickled ..." — ©45 Honey Comb, per •
Firkin, per 1b...— lb .....12@15
Cheese, Cal — «ffl2 Do. extracted.. .-(» 10
Cheese, Eastern... 15@— I
Baco a n tSI .. PC . r .! b ".U'¥l7 Pork, fresh -@12
Beef choice. — 012 Pork, salt War:
Do, good BOM Pork, chops — @!2
Corned Beef -«l Round Stake 1O«*—
Ham Cal 12V4®15 Sirloin Stake.... l 2 —
Do Eastern . ..— @ls Porterhouse. d0...17@20
La l ' 12'fil5ISmoked 8eef......12@15
Mutton '. —010 ; Pork Sausages. . . .—©2o
Spring Lamb 12@— iVeal ...10@15
Poultry and Game— _ '
Hens, each.... 60® 65 Hare, each....— 20
Young Roost- Quail, per doz.3 00@3 »0
era each . 60® 75 Mallard, uair.l 00®1 25
Old ' Roosters, Sprig, pr pair. 75@1 00
eacn 40® 50 1 Teal, pr pair.. ® 75
Fryers each.. SMT 60 1 Widgeon, pair. 60# 75
Broilers each. 30# 40 Small duck.... 60@ 60
Turkeys pr lb 201? 23 Wild Geese, pr
Ducks each... 50@ 75 pair ......... @ 60
Geese, each... OOifl 25 English Snipe,
Pigeons pair.. 25# 5") per d0z.. ....3 50®—-
Rabbits, pair.—© 40 Jack Snipe.... 2 00@- —
■ Fruits and Nuts—  , ■ emm
Almonds, lb 10(812! Nutmeg Melons...
Apples, lb 4® 6 Oranges, d0z......20J*>
Blackberries, per j Pears, per lb . ... 4® «
drawer 253? 40 1 Peaches per 1b... 4@ «
Bananas, doz 15@20 Plums, lb 4@ 0
Cantaloupes, eachlO@ls Quinces, per 1b... s<B> «
Cranberries. per Raspberries. . J.". m3 O
F?gs?peVfb.::::: . 1214 ? drawer 1b.:.. s@lo
Figs, per lb s (f? 8| Raisins, 1b........ o@lo
Grapes, per 1b.... 40 S Strawberries, Pc
Huckleberries, per drawer ...... ......we 00
lb B@lo Walnuts, lb 1-@ls
Lemons, doz 25@— j Watermelons,
Limes, doz 10@15l each 15@30
Vegetables — .  C/W a
Artichokes, doz... Green Okra, !*>••••?■"*
Beets doz 12-515 .Mushrooms, 1b....1a®35
Beans, white, lb.. 40 5 Onions, ib f»
Colored, lb 4<?f s'Peppers, green.... 4<| 8
Lima, lb 5# 6 Potatoes, lb jg 3
Cabbage, each 5© 10 Do, Sweet ■*<&*
Cauliflowers, each s<ffilO i Parsnips, doz . . . -15©2W
Celery, bunch.... 5@- Radishes, dz bchslO^lJ
Cress, doz bnchs. . 2of 2s.! Sage, doz bnchs..2.r<i3o
Cucumbers, doz... 15'<720 , String Beans, lb.. ¥$ 6
Egg Plant, per lb 4© 6 Summer Squash.
Green Corn. d<M..l2§3o| per 1b... 4<z 5
Green Peas, 1b....-@ 5 Thyme, lb. 20&-30
Lentils, ib 6@ Turnips, doz l»@2O
Lettuce, doz 15@25 1 Tomatoes, lb 3<g< 4
Fish, per lb.— B@lolShrimp 3 J@W
Barracuda SSlO! Shrimps 8^1«
Carp 6 Shad HE*
Codfish S@lo|Sea. Bass -©»
Flounders 5@ 6 Smelts 10&«
Herring -©-.Soles ■••"„••• B^}'
Halibut «(& 10 Skates, each..."... o^glO
Kingflsh S«W,Tomcod — «£•">
Mackerel -<fi— Clams, gal... ■■■■■■-$. ™
Do. Horse. BO— Do. hardshell. MO.4OgM
Perch mlO Crabs. each.......J0®15
Pompano 50@7j!do. softshell.. d0z.20^30
Rockflsh -#10 Mussels, qt. ...... .10«J 12
Salmon, smoked.. 2"'a— Oysters, Cal. 100.. ,400—
Salmon, fresh 15©— iDo, Eastern, doz.2D@4o
Sturgeon ..lO@l2| "
THE STOCK MARKET
Local securities were in average demand at
about the usual prices, except Hawaiian Com
mercial which advanced to $39, $30 50. and
Hutchinson. which rose to $60.
Mining stocks were dull &n<3 featureless.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Company will
pay a regular quarterly dividend of $3 per
share next week. _ %
The California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company will pay a regular quarterly divi
dend of $1 50 per share to-day. TT .
The Bullion-Beck Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 10 cents per share
amounting to $10,000, payable October 10. This
will make a total of $2,535,000 in dividends
since the organization, of which $70,000 has
been declared this year.
The Anaconda Copper Mining: Company of
Montana has declared a dividend of $1 25 per
share, payable November 1. The total amount
of the dividend is $1,600,000 on 1.200,000 shares
of capital stock. The last previous dividend
was paid in May and was of the same amount.
The total of $1,500,000 is the largest dividend
now being paid by any mining company In the
United States. The total dividends paid by tn*
Anaconda to date amount to $5, 250.000.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Oct. 14— P. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld A ,fjE;
U S Bonds— S F G & E.... 86% 86*
4s quar coup...UUill2^i San Fran 3 3^
4s quar reg ll»Vslll Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new...127%127% Insurance —
3s new 105 105% Firem's Fund. 2oß —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab .mum Contra Costa.. 64 >» —
Cal El 6s I£s — Marin Co & J—
C C Wat ss. .100% — Spring Valley.loß%lol
Dup-et ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
EL & P 65... 131% — Anglo-Cal .... 63 —
F&CI Ry 6s. 114% — Bank of Ca1... 249 251
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T... 98 99%
H C & S 4%5.103% — First Nat 207% —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & L...129 —
Do gntd 65.. 99 100", i Mer Exchange — 18
Market-st 65...125U — Nev Nat 8....161 —
Do Ist M ss. .114 114*4 Savings 3ar..is—
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L..1600 16J0
N C . City 7s 104U — I Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 6s. .113 "113% Mutual Say. 35 45
NRy Cal 55...103%104% S F Say U.. 495 500
NPC R R 63.103 106 S& L 50.... — 98
NPC R R 55.100%101 Security S B 200 —
I N Cal R R ss. — — Union T C 0.1025. 1025 -
[ Oak Gas 55....108%109% Street railroads—
jOm Ry 6s 126 127 California ....108%109i4
P&CI Ry 63.106% — Geary 45 —
P & O 63.. 112 — Market-st 53% 54*4
Powell-st 65... — 123 Presidio 8% —
Reno W L&L.100 — Powder-
I Sac El Rv Ss.lOO — California ....125 145
SF& N P 55.109%110 E Dynamite... 85 95
I SierraßCal 6s. — — Giant Con Co. 4SH 49
S P of Ar 65..107%105»,i Vigorit 2& 2%
S P Cal 6s 110Villl% Miscellaneous—
BPC Is eg 55... — 103 Al Pac Assn.. 101% —
S P Br 6s 113% — Ger L<l Wks..l6f' —
S V Water 65.117^11S Hana P C 0.... 17^. 1"%
S V Water 45.103%103y; H C & S Co.. 40 40&
Stockton Ga5.. 101% — Hutch S P Co. 60 —
Gas & Electr*o— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent Gaslight. los — Nat V!n C 0... — •'
! Cent L & P... 8 — Oceanic S Co. 56% 57
I Mutual El Co. 9% 10% Pacific A F A 1% 2!4
Oakland Gas... 53% 54»4 Pac C Bor Co. 93% —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 88 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L Co 47 4SVi
Morning Session.
65 Giant Powder Con 48 75
10 do do 48 50
40 do do , ; 48 87%
65 do do 49 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
120 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 38 25
100 do do 39 50
1:. Hutchinson S P Co 59 50
5 Spring Valley Water 100 50
$1000 U S 3s Bonds (coupon) 105 12%.
Street—
110 Alaska Packers' Association 102 00
$2000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 115 50
Afternoon Session.
40 Alaska Packers' Association 102 00
25 Hana Plantation Co. b 5 17 50
565 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 40 00
80 do do 40 12%
370 do do 40 25
100 do do 40 50
320 Hutchinson B P Co 60 00
50 Market-street Railway 54 00
$1000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds... 103 50
$1000 do do 103 37%
210 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 75
$3000 S P of A 80nd5......... 108 00
Street— "V.V.V
1 Fireman's Fund 208 00
100 Oceanic Steamship Co — 66 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 3S 50
35 do do 38 37%
$4000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 50
40 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
Afternoon Session.
75 Giant Powder Con 49 00
40 Oakland Gas. Light & Heat Co 54 00
3", Market-street Railway Co-. 54 00
35 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 39 62%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
150 Best & Belcher. 17 j 200 Mexican 16
500 18 500 Ophir 51
100 Challenge 14 200 52
450 Con Cal & Va... 70 500 Savage 07
150 69 500 Union Con 21
50 Crown Point ... 10 50 ••-••-.. . 20
500 Gould & Curry-- 1' 100 Utah 0*
200 Justice ° 515 1
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. IS 300 Overman 03
500 Caledonia 20 200 Potosl 13
200 Challenge 13 600 Savage 05
500 Con t'al & Va... 65 200 Sierra Nevada... 78
400 Crown Point ... 10 350 '. 77
200 Exchequer 01 ;2;,0 ...... 73
300 Mexican 141600 I> tan ..-. 08
400 Ophir 48 1 100 Yellow Jacket. IS
Following were the sales in Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 09.200 Hale & N/orcross 98
200 Belcher 08 1 500 Mexican 15
300 Best & Belcher.. 18,350 Ophir 50
250 Con Cal & Va... 72 1 500 Overman 02
300 71 300 Potosl 12
200 70 i 300 Sierra Nevada... 76
700 69 ; 300 Union Con 21
900 •• 68 300: 20
200 Gould & Curry.. 17
Afternoon Session.
1500 Andes 08 200 Ophir 50
300 Belcher 08 600 49
500 Bullion 03 300 43
300 Caledonia " 20 , 500 Overman 03
100 Con Cal & Va... 68 ; 2000 Savage OS
500 Justice 05 300 Sierra Nevada... 77 '
500 Mexican .... 14 1 400 Union Con 20
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Oct. 14—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Julia — 02
Alta 04 05 Justice 05 08
Andes 08 09 Kentuck 02 03
Belcher 07 09 Lady Wasn ... — 03
Benton Con ... — 07 Mexican 13 14
Best & Belcher 17 IS Occidental? — 75
Bullion 01 02 Ophir 47 43
Caledonia ...... 20 21 Overman 02 03
Chollar 10 11 Potosi 12 13 ,
Challenge Con. 12 14 Savage 08 07
Confidence — 45 Scorpion 03 05
Con Cal & Va.. 67 6SjSeg Belcher ... 01 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 75 76
Crown Point ... 10 111 Silver .Hlir.... — 10
Con New York. — 01 ' Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 — Standard 1701 75
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 19 Jo
Gould & Curry. 15 IS Utah 05 07
Hale & Norcrs. 9S 1 00 i Yellow Jacket. *15 If
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
October, IS9B.
T
Th.
Fr. j
U
21
Sa.
1
s
15
»
/•3-Lant Quarter,
'tt- October T. .
x^v New Moon.
W October 15.
Moo .1 it Phases.
16
It
13
3U
2T
W October 39.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograohio
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, tomaintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality, and
Ire* of expense. '■">".-*. ■s^".'.
■Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
n'rice. where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
1. r comparison ami reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
o! Interest to occ^in commerce.
The time hall on the tower of^the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each dxy from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WKI..-H.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N\. in charge.
TIME BALL.
rographlc Office, U. S. N . Mer-
San Francisco, Cal.. Oc
' '■ i wrer of the netv Ferry
: I ed nt exactly noon to-day—
meridian, or at S
k ; m. ';i can time.
■ - ;■ WELCH,
3 s\, ;r. charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Frnnr-ixco Pay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 15.
Sun rices 6:19
Hun seta ' 5:32
Moon sets 0:00 p. m.
CTimel ITlme! iTirr.el Tlmej
* '.Feet., 'Feet.: Feet. Feet.
»|L %V] JH \V L\V H W
15| 4:25! 2.0] 10:34 5.41 5:12 0.3 I
n -.v i. w 'h W i- w
lf| C:00! 4.4| 6:01 1.31 11:08 8.6 5:5S —0 2
17i 0:54) 4.S 5:41 2.7 11:43 i 5.S 645 —0
is 1:54 4.2; fi:24! 2.S 12:2 T. B.fl 7:3S| —0.6
19' 2:59 4.2 7:15! 3.1 1:111 5 8 S:36| —0.8
21 4:CS 4.2 8:19; 2.2 2:68 t> 51 9:38" -0 4
21! 5:15| 4.4] 9:38 8.2 3:2-) 6-2| 10:41 —0.8
"i
NOTE?— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
h.ind column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. th» third time column the third tide
and the lart or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when .a minus sign — precedes the height.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is th» mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
, _ I
Aztec 'China and Japan (Oct. 15
P!»;nal lAstoria Oct. 15 ,
Czarina Tacoma Oct. 15
Jean!- [Puget Sound jOet. 15
Santa Kosa |Sun Diego Oct. 16 I
I.fpianaw {Seattle Oct. 16 |
Mlneola jTacoma Oct. 16 I
Grace Dollar " , iu1na nay Oct. 16
Bristol Departure Bay Oct. 16 ;
Cleveland St Michael Oct. 16 I
Alliance lOrefron Ports Oct. 18 I
Empire [Coos Bay Oct. 16
Tliania Nanalmo Oct. 16
Columbia (Portland IOct. 17
UVlllntrton IDeparture Bay IOct. 17
Charles Nelson. I Pug-et Sound 'Oct. 17
Chllkat Humboldt Oct. 17
Pamoa | Humboldt ; Oct. 17
Doric. .1: .......[China and Japan Oct. IS
Coos Bay Newport Oct. 18
Pan Juan Panama Oct. 13
Mariposa Sydney Oct. 19
Queen! .'... Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 19
I\ mrna Humboldt [Oct. 19
Wastuenaw jTaeoma Oct. 19
Ptate California' Portland Oct. 20
Arrata ICoos Bay Oct. 20
fVrnna ... [Pan Diego Oct. 20
Pruth Portland. uorna Oct. 20
N'.-rth Fork..... Humboldt Oct. 21
Homer Newport ; Oct. 22
ivi Norte [Crescent City Oct. 22 ]
City of Rio Manila !Oct. 22 ■
cji-o TV. Elder.. Portland (Oct. 23 '
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
:
0 W. Eider'P. rtland Oct. 36. 10 amjPier 24
i Humboldt :o,-t. 16, ! pm'Phr 9
New] t. 15, 9 ampler 11
U am, Pier II
.a ../Vic £• J'let Sd. Oct. K 10 nrr. Pier a
Grays Harbor Oct. 18, (inn
Mexico Oct. 18. 10 am'!"!- i u
•'iia Oct. 1<. 12 m PM3S
Humboldt — pet. is. 2 pm Pier 13
» — -_ Ir=ir. : IS, 10 am Pier 'JO
i Portland Oct. 1!-, 10 am Pier 24
Honolulu Oct. in, 2 pm'pier 7
fhina& Japan Oct. 20, 1 pm PMS8
Oct. 20. 9 am:Pi<T 11
C i Baj Oct. 21, 10 am Pier 13
• :■:::. Alaska [Oct. 21
I aJ P itiand 'Oct. 22. 10 am Pier 24
Sun Dfego Oct. 22. 11 am Pier 11
SHIPmGjyTELLIGESCE.
ARRIVED.
y Friday. October 14.
Ptmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 44 hours from Port
L'is Angeles.
tftmr Umatilla, Cousins, 62 hours from Vic
toria and pet Sound.
stmr Scotia, Thompson, 17 hours from Rock-
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, 17 hours from Eu-
Stmr Cleone Miller, 14 hours from Albion.
Strr.r Homer, Jessen, 75 hours from >.ew
port. . ... .:
Whal bark Wanderer, Buckley, 28 days from
Herald Shoal, via Fox Island 16 days.
Stmr George W Elder, 68 hours from Port-
Jlnnd. la Astoria 54 - 2 hours.
Stmr Albion, Daniels, 6V4 days from Beat
tle. -
fiehr Emma Utter, Allen, 12 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Gem, Nelson, 8 days from Coos Bay.
P.rig Lurllne, McLecd, 15 days from Ka'hu-
Schr Lottie Carson, Anderson- 50 hours from
Kureka.
Schr ■".tie Low, Low, 5 hours from Point
I
CLEARED.
Friday, October 14.
Ptmr Corona, Debney. San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
SAILED
Friday. October 14.
Ptmr Arcata, Reed, Coos Bay.
Btmr Coqulile River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Ptmr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
Stmr Gipsy, land, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Aloha, J> rgenson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr -South Cast. Zaddart, Eureka.
Ptmr Mackinaw. '.:T-Jen.-: \. Tacoma.
Br ship Clan Graham, Frlsby. Liverpool.
Ship Lucile, Anderson, Seattle.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jannson, Stewarts
Point.
S. hr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Tacoma.
Echr Monterey, Beck, Bowens Landing.
TELEOF \PHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 14—10 p. Weather,
hazy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Australian and Glfford load wheat at
Tacoma for Europe, the latter at 32s 6d.
The Crown of Scotland loads wheat on the
Columbia River for Europe, 83s 9d.
The Robert Searlcs loads lumber at Che
znainus for Shanghai, 52« 6d.
MISCELLANEOUS..
Catch of whalers up to September 7 off Point
Barrow — Grampus 36, Mary D Hume 10, Nar
whal 22, Fearless none, Beluga 31, Balena 20.
Thrasher none.
The Br ship Star of Russia and brine Lur
line both anchored < ft Black Point, drifted afoul
of each other Friday afternoon. Tugs % went to
their assistance. Both vessels were chafed.
SPOKEN
Oct 7— Lat SO N, lons 18 W. Br ship Cedar
bank, from Tyne, for San Francisco.
Bept 25— Lat 37 N, long 1" W— Br ship Poltal
loch, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Oct 14— Bktn Quick
step, hence Oct 12 in tow of tug Rescue.
Sailed Oct 14— Tug Rescue, for San Francisco.
FORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct Schr Joseph
Rufs. for San Francisco.
HANDON— Arrived Oct 14— Bchr Barbara
Hernster, hence Oct 9.
COOS Arrived Oct Schr Ivy, hence
Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Empire, for San Fran-
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 14—Nlc brk
wrestler/from Honolulu. /
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Westport,
from .
TACOMA-Anived Oct 1J— Ship Eclipse, hno
ETIiRKA-Arrlved Oct 14— Schr Allen A, hno
Oct 6; wctir nio Rey, hence Oct 6.
Sftl'' Oct ■ !tmr Pasadena, for San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 14— Stmr Signal, for
— —'• f trn / Al'lance. for San Francisco.
Arrived «*',* 14 - ''!>'- Guide, hence Oct 4.
CLALLAM ray— in port Oct 14— Bark Top
ilr?2T. Tv -W " Bl akeley. for San Francisco.
G ra D n rfr^ G^^- ArrlVed ° Ct 14 " U S Btmr
land^hencl^^io!^ ° Ct - Btmr South Port
Fr^c^orU^!^ r oP TT a nn r p ';ka N 7or oDVe'a0 DVe'a° r San
FOREIGN FORTS
, *?SF%35£?" °* "-*•»' San Juan.
Kfa^S-C^Su^ 101 - tO Oct I+ - Bark Mc -
MELBOURNE-Arrlvefl prior to Oet 14— CHI
ehlp Star of Bengal, from Port Blakelev^
Ad^ A °- s^& i
bKSP^'^cSS. 13 ~ Br Bhlp BId '' ton
*&™l f XI7 aaa « Oct * 11 - Br bark Lord
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
AN UNKNOWN
WHO IS LIKE
MANY MEN
Several Pec p a Sure
of His Identity.
HE WILL NOT STAY DEAD
THREE TIMES RECOGNIZED, EUT
STILL A MYSTERY.
The Heavily Built Man Found in the
Bay Was Killed by Shoot
ing and Not by
Drowning.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
id way, Oct. 14.
The unknown man at the morgue must
be a very ordinary individual. He has
been "positively identified" three time.-,
and In each instance the man whom he
is not has appeared and denied very posi
tivelj ad. The first person to
identify him was a woman, who informed
the Dei roner that she knew the
corpse weli. She was an elderly lady and
when asked by what means she identified
him, she replied: "Oh, I know him well.
lie is a little heavier, but that was done
by the water." On being; asked for a
graph she produced one and an hour
later it was discovered that the photo
graph was that of a proprietor of a big
store on Washington street, who Is very
much alive.
The next identification was when the j
dead man was declared to be Oscar P. j
g, who worked for N. P. Reuss a I
igo. After "identifying" the man
Keuss went to Krieg's house and found j
him enjoying life with his family.
Jake feperb called at the morg-ue yes- j
terday and "identified" the man positive- j
ly as a drummer for the coffee flrm of |
Hills Bros, of San Francisco. Tins drum
mer denies being dead and is now attend
ing to business.
Two ladies called at the morgue, one of ,
whom was positive she knew the man as !
a friend of the other lady, but when the
other lady saw the heavy corpse with a I
bullet wound through its head she indig
nantly declared that the dead man was
never her friend. Then came Louis
Mauter, who was positive that the re
mains are those of his son-in-law Phillip ;
Deller. This "identification" held good
till this afternoon, when Deller sent a
dispatch from Bakersneld that he is alive '
and well.
The Coroner is satisfied that the deceas
ed did not die from drowning, aa there
18 no water in the lungs. The shot in
the head must have produced death in
stantly or when the body fell into the '
water the lungs would have absorbed the ;
fluid. The remains have been photo
graphed and all other identification must
be made from the deceased's picture.
Ask for Marsh's Pardon.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— A petition is be
ing circulated to secure the pardon of
William Marsh, who over a year ago, in
i company with three members of the
1 Sporting Life gang, broke in a house and
j assaulted Mrs. Lizzie James. Marsh was
merely an accomplice in the deed, but
his trial coming tirst he was convicted,
I the others escaping. He was sentenced
i to one year imprisonment, and his time
■ will expire In February. The petition has
\ been signed by Mayor Thomas, Chief of
Police Fletcher, the twelve jurors who
convicted him and the complaining wit
i ness.
She Waited Patiently.
•OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— Just one year to
ri;* v Mrs. Emma L. Harris was granted a
decree of divorce from Sampson Harris
on the ground of desertion, and since then
the law has stood as an insurmountable
barrier to her remarrying. The statu
tory limit expired to-day and the event
was celebrated by the fair divorcee by
wedding Frederick Brandt.
Constable yon Kapff Released.
OAKLAND. Oct. 14.— Constable H. TV.
yon KaptT of Alameda, who was arrested
last Tuesday on five indictments for per
jury, was released to-night, having se
cured the necessary bonds in the sum of
$15 000. the bondsmen having duly quali
fied before Superior Judge Ellsworth.
SHOULD SEND
THE SWEEPINGS
TO THE PARK
The Board Can Eas
ily Have It Done.
WOULD RECLAIM THE WASTES
A PLAN TO HAVE THE STUFF
CREMATED.
Why the Park Commissioners Have
Not Been Able to Secure the
Refuse From the Streets
in the Past.
Give the street sweepings to Golden Gate
Park! The refuse from the streets that
coots the city $11,500 a month to gather up
and cart away would, If put to proper
use, convert every barren Band waste
within the limits of that magnificent re-
Bort Into a luxuriant grass plat or a beau
tifully wooded knoll In r\n incredibly
short space, for once those sand dunes
are covered with nourishing soil vegeta
tion grows like magic.
The Supervisors two years ago In
serted a clause in the street sweeping con
tract providing that the Sweepings should
be delivered to the park at the request
of the Commissioners, upon their agree
ing to pay the extra cost of transporta
tion. Superintendent McLaren had an
interview with the contractor, who told
him it would cost 50 cents a yard extra
to deliver the sweepings in the park. Of
course the terms were not accepted for
the simple reason that the Commissioners
can buy loam, thoroughly decomposed
and ready for spreading, for 75 cents a
yard. And this loam is nauled a distance
of over five miles. The contractor was
simply looking for a handsome profit for
disposing of the refuse he had already
been well paid by the city to take care
of.
The present contract for sweeping the
streets will expire December 1, and in let
ting the new contract the Supervisors
should give due consideratton to the wel
fare of the park. Moreover, a new feat
ure has arisen which demands attention.
The garbage ordinance which the Super
visors now have under consideration pro
vides that the street sweepings shall be
THE SAN FRANCISCO - CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
MAYOR VETOES
THE TAX LEVY
ORDINANCE
Would CrippletheCity
Government.
LAKE DREDGING DISCUSSED
SCHEME TO LICENSE EVERY
MERCHANT.
Said to Be the Means by Which the
Large Deficit Is Co Be
Raised by the
Council.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 16.
Mayor Thomas has riled his veto of the
tax levy ordinance passed by the Council
a week ago. He shows plainly that there
will be a deficiency of $61,Sjuo, and that thj
most important branches of the city gov
ernment will be stultified and the city a
progress retarded.
After going into detail condemning the
apportionment of the money raised by
the ordinance, the Mayor shows that by
a readjustment a levy of $1 2U can be
made satisfactory. His language in this
connection is as follows:
I feel assured that such a readjustment of the
levy in the several department funds can and
should be maue by your honorable body that
no department in the city government should
suffer, more especially the High School, Free
Library and Street and Fire departments.
he taxpayers in the annexed district are
demanding, and they have a right to demand,
and should have granted to them a reasonable
amount of fire and police protection and such
other betterments as it may be possible lo give
them. ;^
The improvement of Lake Merritt should be
prosecutid as Car us practicable during the
flscal year. The general LmpreMlon la that not
more than one-half of the appropriation made
for that purpose can be earned prior to June
Su, Ib9i», the clo6i: of the fiscal year. Should
that be true it would be unwise to tie up the
other half in the park and boulevard fund, from
which it could not be transferred to aid in pay
ment of any claims against the city accrued
against any other fund.
I firmly believe that the sewer fund can get
along with less than one-half of the amount
appropriated by the ordinance. 1 ditslike very
much to veto an ordinance. This is my ninth
veto out of one hundred and forty-nine ordi
nances paaaed by this Council. My vetoes have
been sustained with one exception.
The tax levy ordinance is perhaps the most
important one upon which we are compelled to
act and it is my belief that with a lf\> f
$1 liv an departments of the city, if economically
conducted, can be carried on without deficit,
and the improvement of Lake Merritt, the city's
water park, cuji be carried on as far as it la
possible to do so this fiscal year.
We must bear in mind that thf fourth month
of our fiscal year 16 now passing, and that all
the shortages mentioned will have to be made
up during the remaining eight month?. For
the reasons above given I feel compelled to
veto this ordinance.
The merchants are somewhat disturbed
by a report that a majority of the City
Council intends to stick to its intention
of building lakeside sewers and dredging
the whole of the lake in one year, ft is
rumored that the same Councilman who
have combined to put through this levy
have also agreed to put through a license
ordinance which will make up the deficit
by requiring every merchant and profes
sional man in this city to take out a li
cense. This ordinance is already before
the Council, and has been brought up on
several occasions. It is somewhat in con
flict with another ordinance which pro
vides for the cutting in halves of the
license fee now required of saloon
keepers.
DBILL FOR A TROPHY.
Boys' Brigade Companies to Compete
for a Cup.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— 0n the evening of
October 22, in the First Presbyterian
Church in Alameda, Company A (signal
corps), under command of Captain W. B.
Barber; Company D, under command of
Captain L. N. Cobbledick, and Company
E, under command of Captain Q. Tellar,
all of the boys' brigade, will compete by
companies for a large silver cup. The
company making the highest number of
points will be awarded the cup. Efficiency
Incinerated In the garbage crematory, for
which the city is to be taxed 20 cents a
yard in addition to the regular price for
sweeping the streets. That 20 cents extra
would pay the street sweeping contractor
handsomely for carting the refuse from
even the most remote down-town district
to the park.
The street sweepings that are now going
to waste, and which the Supervisors pro
pose to pay 20 cents a yard to have
cremated, If delivered to the Park Com
missioners would enable them to devote
$25,000 a year on an average, that they
now pay for the purchase of loam, to
other needed improvements. Moreover, It
would enable them to reclaim every por
tion of the park, where at present they
are enabled to use only a email portion
of the loam purchased in extending the
cultivated area.
It may surprise some people to learn
that it requires so much loam to replen
ish that portion of the park already un
der •cultivation, but it should not when
It is considered that the soil covering the
original sandhills is on an average not
more than two feet deep. The nourish
ment Is soon exhausted, and It is neces
sary to keep it constantly renewed to
prevent the plants and trees from dying.
How many visitors to the city's famous
resort are aware that in the nursery over
near the water works is one of the finest
and most complete collections of conl
ferae to be seen anywhere In the world?
But such is the case* Members of the
cone-bearing species have been collected
from every corner of the globe, and there
they grow and thrive and are being
transplanted to other sections of the park
as rapidly as they can be cared for.
Handsome specimens of the famed
Italian stone pine flourish alongside our
i own stately redwoods, while among the
, dozens of varieties are firs from the Him
alayas, spruce from the Pyrenees, Aus
trian pine, European silver flr, Eastern
white spruce, Indian cedar, pines from
Chile, Mexican spruces, Japanese red
woods, Alaska cedar. Eastern red flr,
Canadian balsam flr, Norway spruce,
Crimean spruce, Mount Etna cedar,
spruce from the Santa Lucia Mountains
in San Luis Obißpo County— a very rare
specimen, there being only one small
cluster of trees of which there is any
knowledge; kauri pine from Australia, an
other very rare species, besides many
other varieties.
Theee trees cannot be set out hap
hazard on the bleak hills. First, there
has to be shelter provided in the shape of
hardier specimens of the family, and be
sides plenty of good rich soil for them to
grow in. It is a singular fact that a ma
jority of the species of coniferae could
not exist if exposed to the full force of
our summer winds; but set in among the
hardier firs and pines they will grow to
stately proportions if properly nurtured.
But it requires large quantities of manure
and loam for this purpose, and that is
one of the many reasons the Park Com
missioners are so anxious to secure the
street sweepings.
Let them have them and improve
every portion of the park.
Infant Illegally Detained.
Mrs. Kate Kelly was granted her appli
cation for a writ of habeas corpus yester
day on behalf of Mary Frances Cleveland
Kelly, an Infant, who, It is alleged, lias
been illegally held in the City and County
Hospital. Nellie T. Kelly,* the mother of
the detained infant, died in the hospital
a short time ago. and Mrs. Kate Kelly,
mother of the deceased, was denied the
custody of the infant. Habeas corpus
proceedings were instituted and the
prayer of the petitioner was granted.
In military tactics and appearance will be
important factors in deciding the drill.
Following this drill, a detail from each
company will drill for the regimental gold
medal which is now held by Sergeant
Stowe of Company D.
The medal wll be drilled for by each
detail falling in as one squad and
'•dressed" accordingly; then as an actual
mistake Is made the unfortunate "falls
out," and so o,n until there Is only the
winner left on the floor.
The affair will be free to all, ami a gen
eral invitation is extended to the public.
The board of officers of the Second
California Regiment, U. B. 8.. held a
meeting Saturday evening, October 1, at
the Eighth Avenue M. E. Church, to con
sider and discuss the affairs of the regi
ment. Colonel William M. de Wolf was
in the cflair, and was pleased at the good
reports of the officers and committees.
The regiment is in good condition, and
several new companies are reported to be
forming.
The hospital corps in Christ Church.
Alameda. has taken up the work again
and reports progress. Captain Victors.
a medical student, has consented to in
struct The corps.
Company E in the same fhurch has
about sixty members and they can boast
of much knowledge in military drill.
The Bible classes of the companies are
reported to be doing even better than the
drill. In Company A more men attend the
claps than the rtrill. which is a rare oc
currence in any company.
HE HEARD MEADORS
ADMIT HIS GUILT
CAPTAIN BARNES TESTIFIES AS
TO PRIVATE URYS MURDER.
Attorney Deuprey Expects to Show
the Slain Was Intoxicated at
the Time of the Affray.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 14.
Captain William S. Barnes was called as
a witness In James Meador's murder trial
to-day. He recited the conftsslon and
statement of defendant immediately afxcr
the killing. The defendant had at the
time of stabbing Jonas L'ry declared that
he acted in self-defense. He said Ury
had threatened him with a rifle and he
had cut him with a knife because he
feared fur his life.
Private J. M. Scott, the next witness,
testified that he had seen Ury holding- his
gun with the butt toward Meadprs, as if
to strike him.
Thomas N. Jarvis, another member of
Company C, proved to be the most im
portant "witness of the day. He was an
occupant of tent 13 at Camp Barrett and
witnessed the entire quarrel. He sui<i
that Meadors, on the morning of August
16. came to the tent with his knife un
clasped and that thereupon Ury grabbed
his gun; that when Ury had threatened
to report Meadors the latter followed him
toward headquarters; that when Ury
turned about saying, "Go away, 1 don't
want anything to do with you," he at the
same time made a pass at M^adors, when
the latter plunged the knife into his neck.
On cross-examination Attorney Deuprey
wished to bring out the general reputa
tion of the murdered man, asking as to
his drinking habits and his repute as a
boxer and pugilist. To these questions
Deputy District Melvin objected, but Judge
Ellsworth overruled them for the most
part. Then it developed that witness had
brought a bottle of liquor to the tent on
the night previous to the stabbing and he,
Ury and Barnett had drunk liberally.
Witness also testified that Ury had fought
an eight-round contest at San Leandro
for a purse of $25. Deuprey wished to
prove that Ury was ptill under the in
fluence of liquor on the next morning, but
here court adjourned and the trial will
be resumed next Tuesday morning.
Big Power House to Be Built.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— 1t was stated to
day by Superintendent Bishop of the Oak
land Transit Company that one of the
great improvements contemplated by the
company is the erection of an immense
power house for the vast system of street
railways now under its control, to be lo
cated on the water front. He says that
it will be built on a scale never before
attempted by any of the individual local
companies. It will, moreover, be so de
signed as to admit of any subsequent en
largements.
A Mysterious Burglary.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— Some time during
last night a thief forced a glass show
case in front of a bazaar on Washington
street, near the City Hall, and secured a
large number of small pieces of jewelry,
valued altogether about $30. The mysteri
ous part of the burglary is that a police
officer passes the point in question every
few minutes, while it must have taken
the thief quite a while to get access to
the case, as the lock sho"ws.
Officers Elected.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 14.— The Board of
Foremen and Engineers of the Fire De
partment met last evening and elected
the following officers: President, F. K.
Krauth Jr.; engineer First District, F. K.
Millington; engineer Second District, F.
H. Huckett; secretary, W. H. McKeau;
treasurer, B. E. Combs.
SPARKS FLEW
FROM CAPTAIN
DELANY'S EYES
Denounced Rottanzi
in Hot Terms.
THE EFFORT OF HIS LIFE
SPEECH BEFORE COMMITTEE OF
SUPERVISORS.
Now Will Rottanzi Be Good or Will
He Challenge Captain De
lany to Mortal Com
bat P
Supervisor Delany appeared at the city
buildings yesterday morning in an angry
frame of mind. He was apparently even
more disturbed than when Supervisor
Devany and School Director Ragan flim
flammed him with that Stanyan street
lease. His countenance wore a heightened
color like unto that produced by the
bruising together of scarlet geraniums
and the rays of the setting sun. Both
prongs of his large black mustache stood
rigidly erect, and whole showers of don't
touch-me sparks flew from his orbs of ob
servation.
In his right hand the Supervisor flour
ished a large pac.-et of bills as he strode
before his confreres of the Health and
Police Committee in the Supervisors'
committee room.
"I would just like to get my hands on
that chap Rottanzl!" exclaimed Delany.
"What I would do to him would be a
plenty! Just look at these unpaid bills!
The city owes money to its clamoring
creditors, and who is to blame? Rottan
zi! He won't come to a committee meet
ing and sign bills so that they can be
paid. We chase him up and down the
streets of the city and then can't get his
signature. The merchants are disgusted
and threaten to boycott us! They say
that they won't sell goods to a deadbeat
corporation that holds up their claims for
a year! I tell you, gentlemen. I had to
blush for very shame the other day when
one leading merchant of this city said to
me: 'Captain. I don't mind dealing with
Chinese and Filipinos, but I do intend to
draw the line herea.ter on San Francisco
Supervisors. They never pay their hon
est debts when they can help it.'
"I told him it wasn't right to class us
ALL NATIONS
TO HONOR THE
EXPOSITION
"American Day" Said
Ito Be a Mystery.
SPACE REPORTED SHORT
APPLICATIONS TO EXHIBIT ARE
VERY NUMEROUS.
Women, Fraternal Societies and Chil
dren Will Present Special Fea
tures on Their Respec
tive Days.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9-JS Broadway, Oct. 14.
The director? of the Oakland Exposi
tion have undertaken to introduce many
features into the show, which will open
November 12, which arc entirely new, and
which will undoubtedly add to its pop
ularity. There are days set apart for.
nearly all nationalities, and, to the gen
eral surprise of the public, November 1*
has been named "American day." Much
inquiry has been made regarding the
special features of an American day baaed
presumably on the presumption that every
day at an industrial exposition should bo
pre-eminently American and secondarily
anything else.
Director Theo. Gier said this afternoon
that it was a question he could not an
■swer. "1 don't understand it," he said,
"except that it Is possibly the day on
which everybody can celebrate that has
been admitted to American citizenship by
naturalization. They ought ail to be
American days, and our manager can
probably enlighten us as to his idea fur
this distinction."
Secretary Charles Roeth te also amused
at the "American day." The opening day
will be devoted to preliminary exercises.
Woman suffragists are to share a «ay
with the French, and California, the pro
ducers and the militia will also celebrate
: the day. Red Cross societies and the
! Scotch will have another day. Hospitals
and the Irish have been accorded Novem
ber 17. Cyclists, flower lovers and Ameri
cans will enjoy November 18, and the fol
lowing day will be given over to children
of the public schools and commercial
travelers. The Germans have the sole
right of way on November 21, but the
following day will be divided between the
Italians, historians, pioneers and women.
Ait and the Grand Army of the Republic
will celebrate together, while a carnival,
nurses and native sons and daughters will
be the guests November 24. England and
the Foresters will share the honors at
night, and on the 2Uth weddings will be
celebrated in connection with private
school children and the Humane Society.
Merchants, suburbanites and firemen will
club together, as will also the manufac
turers, Oakland and the Elks. The Swedes
i and Knights and Ladies of the Maccabees
' will have the last day of November, and
' Labor day in connection with Mexicans,
: Cubans and the police force will own the
1 show December 1. Fraternal societies will
! make a showing the following day, and
j on December 3 there will be a grand fare
: well.
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 14.— Judge Hall to-day
granted the trustees of the Methodist Episcopal
Chun-h Extension Society of Oakland permis
sion to borrow $2500 for building purposes.
Herman Schoenl'eklt, arrested a few days ago
for selling liquor without a license, forfeited
his bail of $30 in the Police Court to-day.
A petition has been filed for the distribution
i of the $4007 11 estate of. the late Elizabeth D.
; Waterman.
i The appointment of James E. Clark as a dep
; uty sheriff has bef-n revoked.
Word was received to-day of the death of
I Supervisor D. F. Majors of Contra Costa Coun
! ty, which occurred while he was on a visit to
his old home In the East. Deceased was aged
60 years and leaves a widow and one son at
Martinez.
Little Harry Lynch, a 7-year-old lad, of 1622
j Bay street, Alameda, was treated for an ugly
scalp wound at the Receiving Hospital this
afternoon, the result of a kick from a vicious
I horse. The wound required ten stitches and
the patient showed remarkable nerve.
Jlapgie E. Price to-day applied for an order
compelling her husband to pay her $100 attor
ney fees, $25 costs and $40 monthly alimony,
pending the prosecution of the divorce suit
all as Mongolian flim-flammers, and that
he should talk to Rottanzi. He is the
one who gets us Into trouble with the un
paid bills. You know, I hear he is a re
former? That's a funny thing. Rottanzi
and Hefter Jimmy Phelan ought to go
into partnership. Phelan hefts the city's
gold bags and says they're all right. Rot
tanzi doesn't often take the trouble to
investigate city supply bills. About once
a yoar he hefts 'em and then throws the
bunch under the table, or at the clerk, as
; the humor seizes him."
All of this oration was not lost on the
committee, which proceeded to investi
gate the handful of bills which the cap
tain held and found most of them long
past due. Rottanzi not being present, the
bunch was laid away for future action.
The Merchants' Association was repre
sented by a committee, which petitioned
for a postponement of action on the pro
posed garbage contract for thirty days,
so as to give further time for the collec
tion of data from other cities. Captarn
Delany was opposed to granting the time,
stating that there had been enough de
lays already. Devany and Haskins. who
were the only other members present of
the Committee on Health and Police, sided
against the captain, and it was finally de
cided to let the matter of a garbage* con
tract go over until November 20.
The Bohemian Athletic Club was grant
ed a permit to hold an athletic exhibition
In October, the boxers' to be Charles
Johnson and E. Mulligan, John McMahon
and William Otts.
The Excelsior Club withdrew its peti
tion for a boxing contest on November 4.
It is understood that the club could not
get the boxing talent which it had ex
pected to secure.
HE THREW THE CLUB.
The Preliminary Examination of
Policeman Frank L. Kenville
Commenced.
The preliminary examination of Police
man Frank L. Kenville on the charge of
assault to murder was commenced before
Judge Mogan yesterday. Prosecuting At
torney Spinetti was assisted by ex-Judge
Cooney, and Senator McOowan repre
sented the defendant.
Kenville is accused of throwing his club
at Willie Lynch in front of Woodward's
Pavilion on the night of September 23.
The boy was hit on the back of the head,
and for some time it was feared that he
would die.
After Corporal Russell had exhibited
and explained a diagram of the scene,
made by him, John J. Sparrow testified to
seeing Kenville throw the club which hit
the boy. He saw the boy drop and Ken
ville stoop down and pick up the ciub.
Sparrow's full statement has already
been published. He was corroborated by
John F. Gallagher, stenographer, who
was with him :it the time. D. T. Taylor,
a steamfitter, also testified, but his evi
dence was unimportant.
The further hearing was by consent
continued till Mondnv afternoon.
Were Partial to Gum.
Detectives Ryan and ODea last night
arrested Louis Foley of 163 Tehama street
and James Connolly of 137^ Perry street
and charged them with obtaining goods
by false pretenses. They are accused of
obtaining a case of chewing gum from
the Johnson-Locke Company on a bogus
order purporting to have been signed by
Adolph Hromada, candy manufacturer
at 22z Battery street. When arrested Fo
ley had twelve boxes of the gum In hi»
possession.
brought against her by her husband, William
Price.
i ■ m ■
A Dangerous Bridge.
ALAMEDA. Oct. Captain Nell An
; derson of San Jose avenue and Post
street is laid, up with injuries received by
toeing thrown from a horse while crossing
a bride on Peach street, which is in a
dangerous condition: His horse stepped
on a broken plank and fell, throwing- An
derson over his head. -- He struck- the
bridge rail on his face and received two;
, black eyes, a strained wrist an>~. various,
contusions df the. body.. Fortunately no
bones were broken. He claims that the
structure has been in a dangerous condi
, tion for a long time. " ' " ■
Republican Committee Meeting.
ALAMEDA, Oct.- 'M.— < The Republican
Executive Committee held a meeting. last,
evening, and, among other things, select
ed the names of the officers of election
who are to be appointed by the Supervis
ors. Some difficulty was met in doing this
i owing to the new requirements that such
I officers must be on the assessment roll.
■ A number of the best.. clerks are. not on
the roll, and accordingly new men had
to be selected. _ The committee also dis
j cussed arrangements for "the Republican
. ; mass-meeting to be held on Saturday
! evening of next week, and it was decide.]
i to' leave nothing undone to make the af-
I fair a success. ; ' :? ■
Freshmen Hold Their Glee.
! BERKELEY, Oct. 14.-The freshman :
I class of the University of California held
I their annual dance in the Harmon gym-
I nasium to-night. The bulldiht? was dec
! orated with fiags and the class colors.'
! Those on the committee for- receiving
| were: Mips Powell, Mips A. E. Wensel
berger. Miss E. M. Hudflart. Carl Crystal/
I, A. Wamble, F. E. Cal dwell and J. H.
White. . . .. . ■.
■X k Berkeley News Notes. - . •
BERKELEY, Oct. 14.— Dr. John Fryer,' pro
fessor of Oriental languages' and literature' ln
the University of California. • will deliver the
I second In his course of university extension
| lectures to-morrow morning at 10:30 o'clock In.
i the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art", San Fran-'
■ Cisco. The address will be : upon . "Chinese
I Methods of Education." \. . . .' . .
Joe Lavlgne and James O'Brien will fight
! with each other to-morrow' night at the Bea
con Athletic Club. West Berkeley. The con
test is to begin fit S o'clock.
The Graduate Club of the University of Cali
fronia has elected officers for the coming year
'as follows: President, R. W. Husband; vice
president. Miss Raymond:. secretary. Miss Mar-
I tin. treasurer, J. P. Bissell; executive commit
! tee. Miss Henry; chairman. Silas Woolsey,
. Miss Ruth Rising and S. P. Jones.
MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE
As Viewed by Different Sects
In Next Sunday's Call.
•**^v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, ]
M*s*3*Jm 025 KEARNT HT. Established -
fe(ii*«-3l irl • * 4 * {oT tne treatment of Private
iS-i-*V^^ Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or '
tUfe^Jv? "i'Jr disease wearing on body and mind and
*'%v5-^*siV"'l Skin Diseases. rbedociorcureßwiu'ii
2^"Si.ssua '>llieisfall Try him. ■ Charges low
" -S^'iif.-fi ( in t'icuaran(r<'<l. Callorwrita
Dr. J. _'"■ ulßltOtl. Box lU37.San Francisca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,'
h».' Steamers leave Broadway
Ilsfe^fc^ ■ wharf, San Francisco:
1 KS^S(k For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m..
l»H.»^«k Oct. 3, 8. 13, 18. 23. 28. Nov. I.
' ISLra3\2sl tranter at Seattle.
i| fSeSsS TM For Victoria. Vancouver fB.
IBS^CSa^isl C) Port Townsend. Seattle.,
ir^sß^K*\ Tacoma. Everett, Anacortea
and New Whatcom fWafh.). 10
•'• • a m Oct. 3. 13. IS. 23, 28. Nov.
■> p nil «err fifth day thereafter, transfer at ,
* a /j h %TntTcruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
'^ei^S&SnS^^ "a.
, fiß.n luHOW'P") Panta Barbara, Port
m For h further Information obtain folder.'
The company reserve* the right to chang-
wlThout .P^lou^notlce steamers, sailing dates
a fiOKKT OFFICE .— i .New Montgomery
: THE 0. Ft. &N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
" From Spear-street, Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
rAIIL $8 Second Clam • Mid Meals,
Geo W. Elder sails Oct. .7, 16. • 25, Nov. •1 .
Columbia sails Oct. 10, 19. 28. Nov. 6 •
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. 31. Nov. 9.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets !to all points East. .
" * E. c. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street. :
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generale Transatlantique,
- r ° 'French Ll-e)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS
(FRANCE)."" Sailing every Saturday <3/T*
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North f»-s£* i **3>
River, foot of Morton street. Oct. 22
LA NAVARRE Oct. 22
LA NORMANDIE..... Oct. 29
LA TOIJRAINE ..;..... Nov. o ;
LA GAPCOGXE Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE... ....i Nov. 19 j
First class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per 1 j
rent reduction on round trip. Second class to j
Havre $45: 10 per cent reduction round trip. •
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES;
AND CANADA. 3 Bowline; Green. New York.'
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery avenue! San Francisco.- ■
f« agin KM -US S. S. AUSTRALIA.
587Q82ir sails for Honolulu only
• £*»»■■%■ Wednesday. October 19. !
Sj /T : >\ at 2p. m. MARIPOSA
f>^y^[J\ The S. S. MARIPOSA
>sjtfibfTlQh!n J Balls via Honolulu and ;
G)lUlllDlliV 1 - Auckland for Sydney,
/nlHFWnil- Wednesday. November
\UII!R.KHi.w .2 , at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
! TOWN South Africa. - ' ..
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Asents,
• . .. 114 Montgomery, st. --
Freight office— Market St.. San Francisco.
,_♦ r ;
THE HOLY LAND
EGYPT (THE NILE) and, all places jof in-
terest in the Mediterranean are Included in
COOK'S .WINTER TOURS.: \' ;-;;-v
Programmes free..' .: . ; ... • ..
THOMAS COOK & SON,
621 Market street. San Francisco. •
BAY Ax*D RIVER STEAMERS.
and vallejo.
Steamer "Monticeilo." (
lion. Tues.. Wed.. Thure. and 5at.......*....
45 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Than.l
Friday* ;....l p. m. and 8:30 p. in.
Sundays .' 10:30 a. m. and s p. m.
Landing an<| nfflces^Mlßulon Dock. Pier I. ■*
T>l«phon» Red 1341. >.. g -.>.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO. Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
Fan Jose, 50c: round trip. 75c. Delightful Ray
! Excursions. Alvlso and return, 75c. Telephone
Main 1350. . ■ ■ , ■ ■ ,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• Via Sausalito Ferry. 5
FROM SAN FKAiNL.it.CO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. : . ■ .
WEEK DAYS— •»:30, 11:00 a. m. ; »1:46.
3:45, 6:15. »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. >.
SUNDAYS— •S:OO.*IO:OO. '11:30 a. m. ■•1:15.
3:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m. -•.,•
Trains marked • run to San Quentin
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, *6:35, 7:45, *9:30 a. m. ;
♦12:20, 2:20, '3:45, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. .-.
SUNDAYS— G:2O. •8:00. *10:00. Ml: 58 a. m. ;
•1:15 ■■•3:10, 4:40, *6:20 p. m. - • ■
Trains marked.* start from San Quentin. ....
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.;
12:35. 2:45, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS :on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00. p. m. •&SM)b«*aiirmi>*a* g
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. : 12:05, 1:20. 3:20,
6:00, 6:20 p ' m. .
..- THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a.' m.week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills .. and way
stations. -.■-• '..:■ -.'.'•■^^
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mllia and way sta's.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. l\,/_
lOITIIKKN IMC tOMI'AJir,
(PAPIVIC «rnTKM.)
?rwlu« l«-ni «■ mnl nrr >!■•*< >«• uiTltn ni
MAM niAMl'iM'w.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) .. : .
leave — Faoii Oct. 9, 1833. — ariiiTll
•G:«Oa Niies, Sao Jose and Way Stations... •»:-*3 a
- 7:00.\ BeuiCia, Huisun «nd Sacraajento . . . 10:43 a'
7:«Oa Murjsville, OroTiUaand Kedding via
Woodland : 0:43p
7:0Oa Elmira. VawTille and Rurasey S:4Op
7:UUa Martinez. San It unon. Vullejo. Xapo,
• .i.-- iraandSahQi Rosa.. '.. Bil3p_
S:«Oa Atlantic Express, Og.leii and Kh.-*».. Bi43p
i»::»«a Sin .lose, .Stockton, Valley Sprliij,
lone, Sacra:ueiito, Maryaville,
Chlco, IVh-ini a and Up.l Ulutr. ... 4«iai'
i*::t»\ Stickton, Oakdalt aud JamesCoirn.. 7il3p
*f»3OA Uiltna ... .:.... # 7jl5P
O:Uua Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Merced
EdFresno 12:15p
»:««a Fresno, Hakenfoiil. Santa I! iil.ira. , r X
Los Angeles. D»mii c. El Paso,
NewOrlr,iisand X.at «»45p
Fresno, Meouota, Tracy and Mar-
tinez ••'. "....' 6:43r
IO:00 A Vallfjo. Martinez and Way Stations ' 7:lsi'
•!:«>•(. S»cramfuto Kirer Steumrs. :.....:. •»:«»»■
l:O«p Mies, .Sail Jaw and Way Station* ... 1 1 :43a
...Han Jose, Nilt-saud Way Stations:.. ' JVj l 3a.
*:OOp Tracy, M«i:dot*. Hanford and >. . ~
VUalla .. 4:15p
....... Llvcrmore, &uu Jcae, Nile* and Way
Stations to: * 3 *
4:ii()r Martini:?., Han Uninou, Va!lejn, -
Napa, <;a!i«toga, I.l WrHiiu and . ■
Siintn Kocih '.".'. D:l3a
4:OOr Beuicia, VacaTllle Woo. 11 and,
Knights I .muling. MarysTille, Oro-
villa HUdHaciHiiiento.,... lO:t3A
4:3<»p Hnyvrards, Niles and San Jose 7:l.>a
l>:OOr Mar Ti*cy, Moudota. Kremio,
M .v.-. Santa liarbara and t.us
Aii|i«<lfS , »'»»*
SiOopNaiita IV ltoute. Atlautfo'Kx'vrew "
• for MoJjito and "Kmsl..' .' »«43p
5:301- Bau Jose, Tracy, l.atl-.r.
Mircod aim Fresuo ...» ..'...-...
3::j»»i- Stockton . . : :."....• . .". ... I»:13P
OiO«r Kiirt)i.eau Mail, Ogdeu and Kan*.... 1 W:43*-
»«!«»<H- Vail. i, i -'...:...... ia:l»p
J7:oop Vi!U%, Port Costa and WaySta-
Hon.- .;......:..:. ...- :»:45p
BtvOr On-KOii I':*iirwi.i,Hacrauiento, Marys- ■
viiif lt.-.1.!ii.«. I'oitlHiKl. l'ugtit
" So. mil ami Knot .W-.IOa
' .SA.N I.KA.MfKU AM» IHVWAKDS |.O«AI..
■ ; ' .'n . (Foot of Market Street.) .. ..
"1 i (inc. iiimi my I'ark. ( • _■
«oOa Fitrl.lMiric. Klml.iirNf, «|l2.
j».OOA San Lean. lt... Soul !i Sab JSIisJ
lU.DUa I.piui.lio. KstmiillO, i2-l!i*
i'l:«0\ • Lorenzo. Cherry •< ' n'.j.-v,.
♦I2:oo>i a,,,) J2:J"ic
s:U"''5 :U "'' . . llH)iT.inl*. (3: tip
#:IM>i ' » jßuub tlin,u l. t .. Niles. 7:43p
)-t 1— Niles : I ■ . '
H»A>T I»l VISION (Narrow (inuire). *~
(Foot of ifkel Street.) ; -.■■
8: 13a Newark, UeotervlUe. San Jose, Felton,
BoulderOcek,BantaOruzand Way
Htations 5:30P
•8:1 5p Newark, Cerjt«r*llle, San Jose, New .
I Almadpn,' Felton, Hnulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l*rincipal Way
Btatiuim •IO:5I»\
4:1.1p Newark. San .Toge and Los Oatba... . U:^Ua
tll:-t3>.' lln- t-.-s' Excursion. San Jose »nd '
Way gtiitions... «7:2<)p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSiN FRASeiSCJ— Foot or kUrkit Street (Slip 8)—
•7:l* 9:00 I1:00a.M. 11:02 '2:33 13:03
•1:00 t5:00 • *6:00!-. M.
from 6UUND— Foot of Bro«dw»y.—*6:OO 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 *1:00 t2:03 *3:00 }t:C3 < 5:03i-.n.
tOASI IMVISION (I5ro»il (JHtige).
(Third and Townacnd Stj.) '
7:OOa Han ,lo«e him! Way Statiniis (New
' Aliimden Wednesdays 0n1y) ....... l:3Op
S.OOa Han .toso, Tn-n I'innx, SiinCa Cm)!,
rm'iiio <!ii>v«\ Past) ltubles. Sail
- l^. Luis OliisiM). Guadalupe, Surf aiul
Principal Way Stations 4:lOf
Iliillli Srtii.liH^ and Way Stations ">»:<h»a
I1:«0a San Jose and Way Stations 8:33*
■•rOßrSan Mat*©, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .lone,
Gilroy, Hollister, Santa- Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and FaclUo*
Gr0ve...;....; *IO:30*
•X:3Op San .4 use and Way Stations »0»oo»
«l:l!ir San Jose and Principal Way Stations - 9:45 a
•si«llp San Jose and Principal Way Stations o::is*
3:30p San Job* and Principal Way .Stations S::top
«::t(»i- San Job: ami Way Stations.."..-.:... ~.:i»?
fllr4si' Han .losb and Way Statimis. 7;ao?
A for Morning. ■ : ? P for Afternoon. •
• Sundays exce|>teil. { Sundays 0n1y., . ♦ .S»tin-.iiiy» only
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UN FRAKCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Xlbaxon Ferry. Foot of Market Si.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. , 12:35,
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30, 2:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. -■ :'-■
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO. .
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:«,
8:40. ■ 5:10 p. ■m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35. p. m. . '
SUNDAYS— B:IO, .9:40. 11:10 a., m.: 1:40, 3:«.
5:00, 6:25 p. m. , , . . ,
Between San . Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule a3 above. - , - . - .-_
Leave ~~ r ~~' ~~ Arrive
San Francisco. ' In Effect San Francisco.
■— is ■ "June 29, ; -;.'•,'-.
Week I Sun- ■ 1838. Sun- Week :
Days. J days. Destination.. days._ Days.
• 7:3oam 8:00 am - Npvato 10:40 am -B:4oam
3 -30pm s:3o am Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
• Fulton. • , '„'
7 -80 am ■-'■'- Windsor. 10:25 am
' "■"" Healdsburg-.
~ ' ' Lytton.
.' Geyservltle, ■ '
1 :30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7-30 am • I Hopland and 10:25 am
S:3opm 8:00 am) - Ukiah. - 7:35pm 6:22pm
7:30 am " ■ • _ .10:25 am
S:ooam Guerneville. 7:35 pm . : .,
3:30 pm B.:22p_m
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma .;, 10:40 am B:4oam "
and -, . '" ".'".' ■- ' , ".
6:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm _______
7:30 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 amjlO:2S am
3:3opm 5:09 pm ... --.-. • 7:3spm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs ;- at Gey-
serville for SkagßS Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Hlchland Springs, • Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay.- Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at fkiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake. Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side Llerley's, BuckneU't>, Sanheurin Heights.
Huliville. Boonevllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
.)~p<no City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Battii<l*.y to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rh.tea 
On Sundays round trip {icVfts to all point*
beyond San Rafael ,at half rait*
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., CT.fon(ti« - fcidg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,.
General Manager. • Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY ,
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
i Every Day PulJman Palace Sfeeplnft Car»
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cap»
Run on the Following Time: :
Leave Ban Francisco. s:oo p..m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.S. .
Arrive Denver. 6:00 p.' m.. W.T.F.B.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m.. T.F S.B.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Loui» 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arriv. Chicago... 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rate*.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLR
IS You Travel on the Santa Pa.
SAI FRAHCISCO TICKET OFFICE — MARKET SI
TELEPHONE MAIN l£2o. y . . "
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 "West. Santa Clara St
■ ■-■■■■- ■ » ' .... i ■— ■■■
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10, IBas, irama will run as lollow*:
South-bound. • '-\ '■ • North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen- .
ger. Sunday - Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc"ptd Stations., Excptd Daily.
9:2oam 9:25 am Stockton 3:45 pm 7:00 pm ■
ll:10ami!?:50pm Merced 12:50pmi s:l3pm
12:4upm 4:1". pm ■ Fresno 9:3oam 3:45 pm
l:3Spm 6:4.1pm Hanford 7:45 am 2:4opm
4:25 11:59 pm Bakersfleld 2:3oam;l2:lopm
l:sSpm 7:50 pm Visalla 6:40 ami 2:20 pin
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections — Stockton wltn steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, ' leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. in.
daily. '
For stage connections see official time tabl» .
or Inquire at Traffic Manager s Office. 321 Mar-
ket street. . . ■ . *'
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via. s>a.usalito 'Kerry. > .'■■'
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1S98: " '■ . '. .". ■; . .. ,-.
Week — 9:30 a..m,, 1:45 p. m. ■ . " *
Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:16 p. m. ,
Round trip from Mill Valley, I. •■■■..
THOS. COOK St. . SON. ' Agents, 621 Market -j
street, San Francisco. 2&&g8&^&&
■i■.■ii ■ ■ m rkim ■■ -- **"Trri ■ariti¥M--JCBWffl»lWHnWHflnrßrff T^^rriTiLli'Wiin'TrflTn
1 112
BUNCH IS FINED
BY THE JUDGES
Disgraceful Driving at
Los Angeles.
APPARENT STEAL PREVENTED
FIRST DASH IN THE TROT DE
CLARED NO HEAT.
The Lynch Confederacy Attempts
Another Coup, but Fails Because
the Jockeys Ara
Changed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 14.— The grand
Btand was gayly decorated with the na
tional colors, the red, white and blue was
everywhere conspicuous anu a large crowd
a:-s. mbled at the park to-day to welcome
home the returning- Seventh Regiment,
which wai 1 to march to the
track and perform some military evolu
tions. Hut the gathering wits disappoint
ed. Colonel Berry marched his troops
from the depot to their armory, and there
they broke rai;k.<. Without them, tho
afternoon dragged wearily on, and tho
sport evoked but little enthusiasm.
Thompson captured the special trot and
the black colt Direct Heir enjoyed a walk
over for the Semitropio staJte. In the
running events, Miss Daly and Masoero
were the only winning favorites.
In the opening heat of the trot, Thomp
son looked like a legitimate favorite, and
he opened as such In the ring. The edu
iulml harness-horse set, the rawest set of
mechanics the turf ever saw, Bent their
coin in on Our Jack, cutting his price
fr'Pin 8 to 1 duwn to even money. In a
finish that would cause a blind man to
regain his sight. Bunch, behind Thomp-
Bon, all wed Sullivan, holding the ribbons
over Jack, to beat him a nead. It was a
coarse piece <>: grafting, ana the judges
promptly decided it no neat, and Driver
iJuncn was lined JiliK*. Thompson was then
tent out, ai\d wen in straight heats.
Jockey LtTw might ride a barrel tiown
some hillside, but he should confine his
future operations to the middle-man act
for some undertaker in the betting ring
and keep away from the saddle. He rode
his filly, lnola, a 2 to 5 favorite, in the
llrst running dash, and made a bad botch
vt it. Peter Webber, an 8 to 1 shot, had
him beaten long t-efore the wire was
readied, but swerved the last fifty yards.
Lew worked the old-fashioned i .uu
of pulling up, and in doing so was led out
for th i Ellen Wood. The judges
then disqualified Peter Webber, giving the
Ulen Wood. It was a most un
1-for decision.
One of the worst bunches of crabs ever
gathered together lined up in the live and
a half furlong scramble following. Miss
Daisy, ridden by Mike Hennessy, backed
from 6 to ii to *. to 5, won through superior
riding in a hard drive from Whistle Bird,
the second choice.
The downfall of Rubicon in the five-fur
long spin was the hardest blow of all.
The chestnut horse had a big following
that bucked him at short odds. Caldwell's
work with the gate, which all along has
been ragged, was in this instance bad.
Amasa. a 5 to 1 chance, slid away in tne
lead, and at the wire won almost easily
from the odds-on choice. Morinca, 100
second choice, was almost left standing
Ivy Powell, a young man with a belated
idea slumbering In his brain that he Is a
rider, will find out ere long that he has
been relating strange tales to himself. Ho
had the mount on Masuero in the hnal
run a Fix and a half furlong affair, and
the price against the hurso strolled back
from 3 to o to 2^ to 1. The judges men
replaced Powell with Piggott, and Maso
ero won easily from Pat Murphy. i ; ,e
latter was at one time "dead, but awak
ened when the shift came. Denny Lynch
and the smart set had their checks down
on Kal=or Ludwip. forcing his odds from
2 to 1 down to 7 to 1". but, like many of
the other choice cinches framed up by tnis
clique it fell through. Wh.n Piggott re
placed Powell on the back of Kaiser Lud
wlg his odds receded to 9 to 5. Summary:
Trotting, special for named horses, heats,
thrpf in five ours? $500:
Th.tmpson, oh h. by Boodle < Bunch).. « 2 1 1 1
Oslto br h by McKlnney <Sanford).. 4 2 2*
Silver Kinc, b. m. by Silver Bow
(Williams) •• 3 3 4 2
Mamie Biley, br. m. by McKlnney
f Jonathan) AW . B ° 3
Our Jark, b. r by Steinway (Sulll
van* ■
•First declared "no heat." tDlstanced.
Time, 2:18, 2:14%, 2:16%. 2:16%.
The following are the entries for to
morrow:
Flr?t rac. special pace — Riverside, Wood,
Sam H. Lady Margaret, George R.
Second race, mixed, free-for-all— Monterey,
Joe Wheeler, Little Thome, Rex Alto, Much
Betrer.
Third race, the Junior handicap, five and a
'half furlongs:
(lH)Headwater 115) 122 Ocorona 107
in IK 122 Correct 105
(llO)Mldlove 1151 117 Carmanita 105
122 Sun AUKUStlne..m 114 Relna de Cuba.. loo
138 Oja) 10S 132 Sir Urlan 100
Fourth race. Main Street and Agricultural
Fark Railroad stake, one mile:
ISO Grady 1171 130 San "Wnado I'M
VS Kubic-.n Ill] 125 Marplot 107
130 La Goleta llli 116 Shasta Water. ..loo
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling:
127 Relna Los A,105| 129 Losette 105
136 Lady Ashley 105 1 IX.-, Petrarch 113
13? Kaiser L.udWig..lO7; 139 Masoero 104
ir>4 Prompto 1031 134 Fie Leaf 199
(128) Elsie Smith !o.t| 125 Trnn Smith 109
Powder for Manila.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 14.— T0-dav five
carloads of brown powlrr for Manila
•were shipped from the powder works.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
LOS ANGELES, Friday, Oct. 14, 1898.— Tenth day of the Sixth Agri
cultural Society meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
"T W. BROOKS, Presiding Judge. T~F. CAL.DWELL. Starter.
1O42 FIRST RACE— Four and a half furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; purse, $175.
loo.
Index. Horee.
Weight.
«m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
131 Ellfn Wood 105 2
r.i Inola 105 1
131 Miss Mattle 100 4
... Peter Webber 103 j 3
2 Vt
1 1
4 -
3 3
3 3
1 1
4
2 1
3 !
2 2
4
In
2 h
3 8
4
11!
\_tuuerrez ....
Lew
Cameron
Devln
3-2
1-2
10
8
3
2-5
30
8
■Disqualified for a f —.«-.. . .. ._ ,_
Time, :LZ\. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner, Ed Ryan's b. c. by imp. Con-
rith-Lillie Dale.
|O>-r SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $125.
Index. Horse. Age. "Weight.
St.
Vim.
Hm.
*im.
Str.
Jockeys.
121 Jliss Daly. 4 109 2
128 Whistle Bird, 4 112 1
133 Palomares, a I ■ 4
128 too. 3 107 3
. . . Carllst. a 109, 5
1 1
2 1
3 M
4 3
-■ B
1 1
3 6
2 H
4 2
6
1 1
3 4
2 h
4 (
_J
1 1 IHennessy
2 h Shields
3 8 I Powell
4 10 IKaneley
5 'Cameron
6-5
2
8
8
3
3-5
7-2
6
10
12
Time, 1:10^- Fair start.
Daly.
Won first three driving.
Winner, J. Stub's b. m. by George
|OO THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-old« and upward; purse, $22"..
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
5 /4m.
Hni.
%m.
Str.
119 Ainnr-a. 3 M 1
119 Rubicon, a 114' 3
(123) . adwarmer, 4 104 2
(156) M'Tlnsa, 3 106 5
(132) OJal. 2 81 4
110 Ainar-a. 3 99 1 ... 1 J
113 Rubicon, a 114 3 ... 3 5
(123) Roadwarnaer, 4 104 2 ... 2-1
ringa, 3 1061 5 ... 5
d, •_■ . . 81| 4 4J
• 1:01. Bad start. Won handily.
Owens' b. g. by Copal-Lady Instructor.
1 3
3 2
2 4
5
4 1
1 14 11 111' (Well I 3 I
2 3 3 3 4 2 h 'Plgfrott 7-10 7-10
4 2 2 2 H 3 20 iButler 12 2i>
4-1 4 1 4 10 Devln 3-2 9-5
1 S 6 5__ Mills ■ 12 50
Second and third driving. Winner, Crane &
1 4
3 3
2 2
4-1
1 1
3 4
2 V4
4 1
5
1 1
2 h
3 20
4 10
| OQ FOURTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; all ages; purse, $200.
Index. Horse. Art. "Weight.
Mm.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
]S4 Masoero. - r ) 100
335 Tat Murphy, E 104
124 Artei«ia. 3 110
126 Kaiser Lu<lw!g, 4...J12
120 Viking, 4 104|
5
4
3
I *
3 4
1 1
4
2 h
3 6
1 2
4
2 fc
... \
3 4
1 2
4
2 h
1 h
2 2
4
3 1
1 Mi
2 2
3 1
4
trott
.wley
neron
4-5
6
S
2
20
1
2
20
9-5
40
elds
las
No time taken. Poor »tart. Won first three driving. Winner, Hastings & Co.'i b. g.
by Peel-t T raula.
SCOTCH PLAID
OF CALIFORNIA
Wins a Good Mile Race
at Morris Park.
DEAD HEAT IN THE FIRST
TRAVERSES, BREAKS A BLOOD
VESSEL AND IS SHOT.
Amber Glints, Red Pirate, Fireside,
Joe Shelby, Florissant f.nd San
gamon Lay Up Coin for
Latonia Owners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Oct. 14.— The principal
sensation of the afternoon at Morris Park
was the dead heat finish between Kin
nikinnic and Swiftmas in the first race.
Counting Swiftmas as a winner, four
horses whose names began with "S" were
successful, the others being Strangest,
Sailor King and Scotch Plaid. The latter
is a California bred filly, by imp. Midlo
thian. Spencer of California and Maher
each rode three winners. Turner one.
Sailor King's victory was a grand one, he
running a mile and a furlong in l:s3\fc.
The track was not at Its fastest by con
siderable, either.
First race, handicap, six and a h^lf furlong*.
Name aad Weight. Jockeys.! to- %. Str. Fin.
•Kinnlkinnlc. 125 Spencer) 3 2 2 tl
Swlftmas, 129 Mahen 0 0 3 tl
Mazarine 105 Jones 10 13
Marlto i»0 Corbley 2 10 0
Royal Stag. 124 Taral 0 » 0 0
tDead heat. Turse divided.
Time, 1:22 V Dead heaters driving.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2. 2 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 5, » to 3 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur-
longs.
"Name and Weight. Jockeys.] *4. %. Str. Fin.
Stranpest. 102 Turner 0 0 0 1
Deceptive, 101 o'Leary 1112
Tophet 101 Burns! 3 3 3 3
Favoniua, 107 Littlefleldj 2 2 2 0
Time, 1:00. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
♦Imitation 10.', Animus 109, Big Indian 103,
Neuberger 110 and Pol 110 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to l, 4 to 1 and 10 to 1.
Track odds— lo to 1, 4to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, handicap, mile and a furlong.
•Sailor King. 105 (Maher) 1
Banaßtar, 112 (Clawson) 2
Algol, V- (Burns) 3 j
Time, l
Charina 90 and Warrenton 112 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1, 3 to 1 and 2»s to 1.
Track odds— s to 2, 3 to 1 and 13 to 5.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, maiden two-year-olds, five fur
longs.
Name and WplkM. Jockeys, ft. %. Str. Fin.
•(icihlpn Days, 103 Sp?ncerj 1 11111
Chivalrous, $9 McCuej 3 3 2 2
Rose o' Lee. 95 Clawsoni 2 2 3 3
Time, 1:00. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Miss Order 86. Village Pride 109, Mercla 105.
Tartar 97. St. Sophia '.'l, Coquena S9, Exit 97,
Leila Smith Mi, Incandescent S3, Avoca 53, Tray
i , Loiter SS and Haio 89 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 3 to 2, 30 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— C to 5, 60 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, Withers mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | %. H- %• Str. Fin.
•Scotch Plaid, 102..Maherj 0 0 0 0 1
Banquo 11, 104. . E. Jones 1 0 0 0 0 2
Itf-pilllKht 11, 107.. Turner! 0 0 0 0 3
Field Lark, 99 Burns 1 IV4 IV4 1 1 0
Uncle Louis, 91.. ..Weiss 0 2 2 2 0
Continental, 104..Clawson 2 3 3 3 0
fer. 101 Kitley] 3 0 0 0 0
Time. l:42i«i. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Long Acre 94, Myth 104, Atlantus 101 and
Hanlon 101 also ran.
Saus-alito odds— 2 to 1, 12 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track r.ddK— ll to 5. 15 to 1 and 4to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, two-year-olds, six furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.! ?». Str. Fin.
I,ady Un.lsey. 105 Spencer| 0 111 In
•Black Venue. 115 Turnpr 3 2 2 28
Effervescent. 106 Burns| 2 0 S I
Hlfih Deßree. 11& Maherj 13 0 0
]T<\"tidlKitatrice. 10">.I^ittlefl'd| 0 0 0 0
Time 1:16H- Won driving-. Second and third
driving.
SauFallto oddr — 2 to 1, 8 to 5 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 9 to 5, 2 to 1 and S to 1.
•Favorite.
WINDERS AT CHICAGO.
Molo, at Odds of 20 to 1, Takes a
Selling Event.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14. — Rio Chlco of Cali
fornia won the first race for Willie Sink,
Molo took the second at long odds. The
Chlco of California won the first race for Willie
Sink. Molo took the second at long odds. The
Devil won the third by a. head. Bishop Reed
(by the California horse. Bishop) captured the
fourth. Espionage the fifth (from a (treat field)
and Judge Steadman the last. In that race
the Californlan, Czarowitz. was played for a.
••killing."
First race, purse, two-year-olds, five furlong*.
~~Name and Weight. Jockeys. I Vfc. %. Str. Fin.
Rio Chico, 116 C. Sloan, 12 12 1 11
Facade. 115 Rutterl 0 0 0 2 h
•Capsicum, 118 Lynch| 0 8 2 3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATTHRDAY, OCTOBER 15, 189 S.
TRAVERSER'S LAST
RACE HAS BEEN RUN
The Ten Thousaod Dollar Colt
Breaks a Blood Vessel and
Dies oq the Track.
CHICAGO, Oct. 14.— Traverser, the much-abused son of Rossington-
Betsy Broeck, who won the last California Derby, is dead. He burst
a Blood vessel shortly after the start In the six-furlong race at Haw
thorne to-day, but gamely continued until, choking with his own
blood, he fell to his knees a sixteenth from the wire. Regaining his
feet he reared up, fell on his side and with a convulsive shudder died.
The carcass of this 510,000 colt was a few moments later dragged from
the track with as little ceremony as if he had been one of the lowly ani
mals whose avocation Is to haul th.c harrow over the race course. The
boy who rode him in the race was a colored jockey named Goodwin, who
has seldom been trusted with mounts on the cheapest selling platers in
this vicinity, and in the opinion of- many horsemen he is in a measure
responsible for the colt's death.
The race was fifth on the card, and Traverser was pitted against the
best sprinters of all ages in the West, including Espionage, Frank Bell,
Abuse and Mary Black. After going nearly a quarter well up with the
leaders, Traverser was seen to suddenly drop out of it. It is probable
that he was then bleeding internally, but' the jockey began to spur him
and he gamely did his best. He had been passed by all the horses except
St. Simonlan, ridden by H. Martin, who was off behind and outrun. When
Martin passed Goodwin at the eighth pole he told him that Traverser was
bleeding. The colored boy then began to pull up.
It is claimed that an intelligent rider would have known there was
something serious the matter with the colt when he began to drop out of
the race on the backstretch and would have pulled him up then. Had this
been done Traverser might still be alive.
"Virginia" Bradley was part owner, manager and trainer of Traverser.
Many racing men accustomed to handling horses of high class coveted the
splendid racing machine. Offers of $5000 and $6000 were refused by Bradley.
Two weeks ago W. Duke offered $7000 for him. This, like the previous
offer, was rejected. Xo one believed Traverser was worth any such sum
in the hands of Bradley, but it was the consensus of opinion that in com
petent hands he was easily a $7000 horse.
Etta P, 108 Goodwinl 2 2 3 0
Sldtllla. 108 Hothersail! 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:07. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Stella 108, Master Buck 10$, Rose Beau 108.
Ramlet 108, The I'ride 108, Our Clara 108, Me
rops 101, Forensic 101, Teutons 101, Cora Havill
II 101 and Doremus IIS also ran.
Sausalito odds— s to 1, 8 to 1 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— 6 to 1, 50 to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite. .
Semnd race, selling, seven furlongs.
Moln, 108 (Wilson) 1
Prince Blazes, 109 (C. Sloan) 1
Grcz'.ella, 100 (Hothersall) 3
Time. 1:33
Empress Josephine 100. Daisy F 100, Hampden
105 Free Lady 100, Heigh Ho 100, Hardly 100,
•King Bermuda 105, Elidad 103 and Hlndoonet
lu3 also ran.
Sausallto odds— B to 1, 6 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 2o to 1, 10 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, purse, mile and an eighth.
~Name and Wt. Jockeys.) hi. 4. *i- Str. Fin.
•The Devil, 103..rjeauoh'p 3 3 212 1 h
Imp. Mistral 11, 112S!oan 0 0 0 0 2ns
Plantain, 100 Seaton 11 11 12 lh 3
Al Fresco, 103 Ellis 2 2 3 3 0
Burlesque, 112 Dupee 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 2:O3Vs- Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Kausallto odds— 3 to 5, 4 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 5, 6 to 1 and 12 to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. H- %• Str. Fin.
Bishop Reed. 110.. Lynch X 2 1 2 3 111
Vice Regal. 109. .Beauch'p 3 3 12 3 2
D Dummy, WT.Hothersall 0 0 0 2H 3
•Glenmoyne, 109 ....Bloss 2 2 2 0 0
Time, 1:50. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Tranby 111, Pitiall 107, Idle Hour 113 and
Moncrelth 110 also ran.
Sausalito fidrls— B to 1, 8 to 1 and 8 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 1, 10 to 1 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, all ages, six furionge.
•Espionage, 91 Dupee 0 0. 0 13
•AbUM, 122 Bloss lli 2 2 2!4
•Frank Bell. 97 Holden 2 2 11 11 Z
Mary Black, 114 L. Retffi 3 3 f 3 0
Time, l:18Vi. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
St. Slmonian 117 and Traverser 117 also ran.
Latter broke a blood vessel In the homestretch
and was shot dead.
Kausallto odds— 2 to 1, 2 to 1 and 2 to 1.
Track odds— B to 5, 6 to 2 and 2 to 1.
•Favorites.
Sixth race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys, j %. %. %■ Str. FTn.
J Steadman, 107.C. Sloan 0 0 0 2 11
•Czarowltz, 112 Lynch 2 3 S 1 2
Bro Fred, 107. .Beauch'p lhlhlhO 3
Treeby, 107 ....Hothersall 2 2 2 3 0
Time, 1:52. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Queen Safle 107 also ran. Bridgeton 107 and
Jack of Hearts 110 left at the post.
Sausallto odds— 4 to 1. 8 to 5 and 4 to I.
Track odds— 4 to 1, 2 to 1 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
JOE SHELBY AND FIRESIDE.
Surprise a Majority of the Bettors at
Latonia.
CINCINNATI. Oct. 14.— Red Pirate was the
only winning favorite over the Latonia track
to-day. Amber Glints was at 5 to 1, Joe Shel
by and Fireside 6 to 1, Florissant 6 to 1 and
San&amon 3 .to 1. Frost rode Fireside and
Florissant to victory. Ramiro 11. again a hot
favorite, had to be content with third place
in the third event, won by Joe Shelby. The
track got good before the day was out. Stanel.
a 30 to 1 shot, finished third to Florissant and
Miss Josephine In the fifth event.
First race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jock«ys.l Vi. Vi- %• Str. Fin.
A. Cllnts, 102..Oulterrez 0 0 0 0 11
?JaKRiP B, ?o Frost lhlhll 1H 23
G. Ripple, 102... Southard 3 2 2 2 1 3
H. Floyd. 99... Cr0w-hurst 2 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:42%. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Fresco IC7, Duncan Bell 95, Mitt Boykin 95.
Pop Dixon 98, Rockwood 99, »Tonto 102 and
Savarln 102 also ran.
Saunallto odds— 6 to 1, 8 to 1 and 15 to 1.
Track odds— s to 1, 8 to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, two-year-olds, five fur
lonjrs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. [ >fc. %. Str. Fin.
•Red I'irate. 110 Thompson! 3 3 2 1
ErneKple, 110 Hrittonj 2 1 h l>-i 2
Defiance, 103 T. Powers! 10 3 3
Semicolon, 107 Southard 1 , 0 2 0 0
Time, 1:04. Won handily. Second and third
"Bob Salter 103. Shinfane 103, Mack Brie 104
and Fatherland 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds — 6 to 5, 8 to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— Even, 6 to 1 and 13 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, mile and a sixteenth.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! M. %. %. Str. Fin.
Joe Shelby, 105..M. Dunnl 3 3 12 1
Rifle, 110 Morrison 1 0 0 0 0 2
•Ramiro 11, 100.. Southard 112 3 3
K. Longfellow, 102.. Hart 2 2 3 10
Time, 1:50^. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Gornez 100 and Friar John 106 also ran.
Sausalito oiids— 6 to 1, 8 to 1 and even.
Track odds— 6 to 1, 7 to 1 and 9 to 10.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, owners' handicap, one mile.
Name and WjL Jockeys. %• V 4. %■ Str. Fin.
Fireside, 92 Frost 2 2 111
•What Next, S&..T. Green 3 3 3 3 2
•Dave S, 92 Southard 112 2 3
}';i<-. maker, 95 Wilson 4 4 4 4 4
Time, 1:41%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. ,
Sausalito odds — 6 to 1, 6 to 5 and 6 to 5.
Track odds— € to 1, 6 to 5 and even.
•Favorites.
Fifth race, purse, five furlongs.
Nnme and Weight. Jockeys.l %. %. Str. Fin.
Florissant 105 Frost! 0 0 0 12
•Miss Josephine, 111. .Mathews| 0 0 0 2
Stanel, 103 Thompson 3 3 3 3ns
Protect, 110 Hinkey 1110
Madge B, 106 T. Hill 2 2 8 0
Time, I:O4Vi. Won easily. S.econd and third
driving.
Juneatta 105, Belle of Dublin 105, Eustanee
105, Frances Reed 105, Paysenta 105 and Ma
laise 110 also ran.
SausalitO odds— 4 to 1, 2 J ,j to 1 and 30 to L
Track o.ids— 6 to 1, 5 to 2 and 20 to 1.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. 1 , %. V - %. Str. Fin.
Sangamnn, 105 ....J. HIIII 3 3 2 0 13
Calus. 107 Crowhurst 0 0 0 0 2
•Efcbart, 110 ....Mathews 111 1 113
Donation, 107 ..Thompson 2 2 0 0 0
Viscount, 102 Aker 0 0 3 2 0
Ray H, 102 G. Taylor 0 0 0 3 0
Tlm<\ 1:42%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Kathie May 102, Can I Set 'Em 102 and Bar
ton I<>s also ran.
Sausalito odds — 3 to 1, 8 to 1 and 2V6 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 1, 6 to 1 and 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
Winners at Lexington.
LEXINGTON, Ky. Oct. 13.— Results:
2:20 class, pacing, purse $1000 (three heats
paced yesterday), Lilly of the Valley won
first, fourth and fifth heats. Best time,
2:141:2. Grace Tipton won second heat.
Waggo distanced In fifth heat, won third
heat. Alpha W., Santata and Laundry
Boy also started.
2:08 class, pacing, purse $1500— Lady of
the Manor won second, fourth and fifth
heats. Time. 2:o9Vfe. 2:10%, 2:O9Vi. Directly
won first and third heats. Time, 2:05%,
2:08%. Indiana. Giles Noyes, Arlington,
Nicol 8.. Woodland Boy, William Mace,
Ace. Coastman and Exploit also started.
2:19 class, trotting, purse $1000— Miss Sid
ney won in straight heats. Best time,
2:14^. Onward Jr., Rubber, Fanny Brown.
Esparta Rex, Limerick, Dr. French, Susie
Howe, Spinalong and Harry also started.
2:23 class, trotting, purse $1000— Magrgrle
Lass won in straight heats. Best time,
2:14 H. Snowdrift, Lillian. Bessie Owens,
Barren Wood, Grey Baron, Louise W. and
Ambroise also started.
SLOAN RIDES THREE
NEWMARKET WINNERS
LONDON, Oct. 14.— At Newmarket to
day the Southfleld plate for 3-year-olds
and upward was won by the Lorillard-
Beresford stable's chestnut colt Grodno,
ridden by Tod Sloan. The betting was 4
to 1' against Grodno.
The Middlepark plate, of 500 sovereigns,
was won by Caiman, the property of tho
Lorillard-Beresford stables, with Tod
Sloan up. The betting was 7 to 4 against
Caiman.
Tovaros, the property of Mr. Rivers,
arid ridden by Sloan, won an all-aged
selling plate. The betting was 7 to 2
against Tovaros.
SLAUGHTER OF QUAIL.
Marin County Sportsmen Are Up in
Arms Against It.
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. 14.— 50 flagrantly
has the law making it a misdemeanor to
kill quail out of season been violated In
Marin County for the last three years,
and especially prior to the open season
this year, the true sportsmen are heard
in protest on every side. Realizing that
nothing can be done toward stopping the
illegal practice without united action, it
is probable that in the near future dele
gates from clubs controlling the vast
shooting preserves of the county win
come together to discuss the method of
procedure.
This indignant outcry over the wanton
slaughter of birds comes not only from
members of such organizations as the
Country Club and the San Rafael and
Tamalpais Gun Clubs, but from sportsmen
of every description who have the best
interest of the county at heart and wish
to see the law enforced. The commonly
expressed opinion is that the evil can be
remedied in only one way— by having a
game warden and an efficient corps of
deputies, who will not only be on the
lookoat for violations of the law, but will
punish the malefactors, rich and poor
alike. A suggestion has also been made
that the open season should be reduced
to two months.
"My idea of the matter." asserted Ar
mand de Courtieux Jr. to-day, "is that
above all a game warden should be ap
pointed for the protection oi sportsmen
in and out of Marin County. In common
with nearly everybody else, I know that
quail, as well as other game, are being
shot out of season. For the benefit of
sportsmen the season should also be
shortened in order to give the game more
time to propagate. Ido not care to name
any period for the simple reason that I
do not wish to appear before the public
in a dogmatic light."
D. Halrfleld is. if anything, more em
phatic in his statements than De Cour
tieux. He has personal knowledge of trie
violation of the law.
"To my personal knowledge," he said,
"people have shot quail for three years
past before the season began. I have
seen them go by with bags loaded with
the birds. I spoke to Achille Roos. of
Roos Bros., three years ago about the
matter, and he advised that something
should be done at that time. It is very
wrong that persons should be permitted
thus to violate the law, and a game
warden will furnish the only way of stop
ping- the illegal practice. It would be a
good thing to reduce the open season to
two months. The Board of Supervisors
has the power to help us a good deal
and should take an interest in the mat-
ter."
Ex-Mayor E. "W. McCarthy warmly
favors the appointment of a game war
den, with a suitable corps of assistants.
He believes that the Board of Super
visors of Marln County would gTeatly
popularize its Incumbency, especially with
sporting men, by reducing the open sea
son.
Birds are very scarce this year on ac
count of their wanton destruction out of
season and for other reasons of a local na
ture. Now that the reform movement
has beeun it is believed there will be
no "let up" until present conditions are
chang-ed for the better.
■ » ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary Drlscoll to John A. and Rosa Daniell.
lot on E line of Scott street, 49 S of O'Farrell.
E 114. S 29:6. \V 62, SW 62, N 30:4; also all in
terest In Western Addition block 430; $10.
Western Loan Association to Mary H. and
George W. McKean, lot on E line of Laurel
street, 102:S^i S of Clay. S 25 by E 107:6; $5300.
George W. McKean to Mary H. MeKean
(wife), same; gift. •
George W. and Annie M. Hlnkel to Catherine
A. Sheehan, lot on P\V corner of Shrader and
Beulah streets, S 25 by W SI :3; $10.
Frank J. and Mlnole Locan to Francis A.
Losh, lot on SE line of Howard street. 112:6
SW of Hawthorne, SW 45 by SE SO; $1083.
Frank G. and Gertrude Locan to same, same;
$412.
A. and Alice B. Pawson (Bonner) to same,
same; $4322.
Jacob Saunders to Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Company, lot on XE line of Seventh street.
193:0 SE of Howard, SE 56:3, NW 66:3. SW
80; $10.
Catherine Erzgraber to J. Frank Ball, lot on
E line of Fourth avenue, 2JO S of California
street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Julius S. ami Belle Morris to Margaret G.
Barrett, lot on E line of Second avenue. 125 8
of California street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Charles H. and Frances A. Reynolds to Jo
seph A. Ponohoe. lot on SW corner of Forty
second avenue and B street, W 240 by S 225;
$10.
Same to sarre. lot on NW corner of C street
and Forty-second avenue. N 225 by W 240: $10.
I. and Nora Lindeman to John WenFtrom. lot
on N corner of R street, 52:6 E of Twentieth
avenue. E 25 by S 10C; $10.
Christian Svane to Mary C. Boes (wife of
Erick), lots 371 and 372, Gift Map 3; $10.
Frederick Bushhorn to Charles and Minna
Vlelbaum, lot 13. block 43, Sunnyside; $10.
Sarah M. and Marion Thrasher to William
and Caroline Cavanaugh, lot on S line of
Grove (or Thirtieth) street, 125 W of Warren,
W 25 by S 125. block 25. Fairmount; $10.
Jolip A. Wright to Frank K. Llppltt. undl
rlded three-quarters of lot 13, block 191; also
lot 12, block 284; also lots 3 and 14. block 203;
$10.
Mary A. and John Mugge to Ann Towns
(widow), lot on W line of Mission street, 114
NE of Tingley, SW 114. NW 66, NE 59:6, E
101-S. lot 154. Academy Tract: also lot on E line
of Mission street (as -widened), 275 S of China,
B 25 by,E 83:6, lot 2, block 2, Excelsior Home
stead; also lot on S line of lands of San Fran-
Cisoo and San Jose Railroad Company. 91 links
S of 40. E from SE corner of land of F. C. M.
Dv Brutz. S 40, E 31 chs.. S 44' 2 ileg., W 8 chs.,
S 54 deg., W 1.27 chs., S *9 degf., W 1.50 chs..
N 40 deg. 10 mln., W 2.03 clip.. N 62 ieg. 30
mln E 1.01 chs.. N 22>i (leg., E 13 chs., N
X' 4 Atg., E 34 chs.. N 50% deg., E 4.15 chs.,
N "T 1 * <U>g.. E 1.01 chs., containing 1.722 acres,
excepting lots 2, 7 nnd 9 and lots 31 and 32.
Isla'.s & Salinas Tract; $10.
Alameda County.
Fred L. Button to Jennie E. Jewell, lot on
NAY line of Eighth avenue, 50 SW of East
Nineteenth street. SW 50, NW ISO, NE 100, SE
30 SW 50. SE 120 to beginning, block 106, Clin
ton, East Oakland; $3318.
A. L. and Julia F. Whitney et al. (by com
missioner) to Oakland Building and Loan Asso
ciation, lot on S line of East Twenty-third
street. 327:6 W of Twenty-first avenue, W 50
by S 110, being lots 19 and 20. block 73. North
ern Addition to Brooklyn. East Oakland: $377.
Miller & Lux (a corporation) to Domenico
Muzlo, lot 9 on map of subdivision of lot 8,
block F, Vernon Park. Oakland Annex; $250.
Mary E. Holton to George J. Harley, lot on
N line of Central avenue. 132:74 E of Everett
street, E So:4^. N 202:9. W 80. S 210:5 to begin
ning being lots IS and 17, block 1 of Chlpman
blocks. Alameda: $10.
George J. Harley to Lizzie T. Harley, same,
Alnmrda: gift.
John Yule (and as trastte for Kate Partridge
and Sarah B. Yule) to Kate J. Partridge, lot
on E corner of East Sixteenth street and
Eighth avenue. SE 100 by NE 115, block 85,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10
Builders' Contracts.
Judson Manufacturing Company (owners)
with Milior & Beck (contractors), architects,
Percy & Hamilton. Ail work for a 3-story brick
building on SE line of Howard street, 80 SW of
First, SW 50 by SE 165; $3315.
Ed Rolkin (owner) with Ickelhelmer Bros,
(contractors), architects. Percy & Hamilton.
Plumbing work In Winchester House, 4-story
brick building on W line of Third street, near
Market; $1405.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
•
GRAND HOTEL.
C H Gilman. Palo Alto A S Henry, Sacto
C Siebrand&w, Vallejo E N Tenbrook. Sacto
F Lamb. Sutter County C S Brajcg, Sacto
M A Morse, Saeto J F Moore, Cal
S Montgomery, Woodld C Erlckson&w, Martina
Mrs Worthing, Stocktn F Gornez, Portland
F A Griaea, Palo Alto T Gomez, Portland
F L Faust. N Orleans W B Kernan. Portland
C J Preston. NY T J Cochran, L Ang
C Rlley & w, St Lake J Polngdester, S Jose
A McArthur, Winnipeg Miss C Camp, S Jose
A Renlson, Auburn C S Conger. Chicago
N C Clarke. Tuba Mrs fclodapp, Martinez
A L Henry, Sacto Q W Hall, Pa
H H Buhme, Eureka D B Bork. Yolo
A Campbell & w, Cal H Begble, Cal
J Meseroll. Stockton T M Boardman. Sacto
H J Brown. Eau ClalriC Hartley, Vacaville
T R Blaok. Amherst j F M Slocrle. lowa
G B Smith. Amherst |J G Berryhlll, lowa
R W Trolles&w. Cal E A Nicolaus, Sacto
C W Porter. Sacto |R W Brown. Colfax
T Gomez & w, Portld'J Bruner, Sacto
T F Park, Delano L Fulkerth & w, Cal
F J Flint, Sacto [Mlsa Brown, Stanford
G D Easton, L Ang |W H Nichols, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
O M Thumber & w. 111 Mrs J Kerfoot, Cal
C D Taylor. Guaym&s Mrs A Rodgers, Cal
F W Johns. Ft Point G F Rodgers. Salem
A Frlant, S Jose W Schumacher & w
S N Clugston, Chicago Walla Walla
H Florshelm, Chicago Mrs M Schumacher
J M Mackie. Edinburg Walla Walla
M C Gustin, Angel Isl E D Marshall, Pa
X T Miller. Oakland A C Blllcke L Ang
W E Hullonp. Presido J M Glftss. L Ang
W L Luhn, Pregldio Mrs S W Devor», Minn.
W H Wlnburn, PresidojMrs M T Jones, Reno
Capt Bennett, Presidio j A Jones, Reno
F S Wood. Presidio F J Young, Reno
Mrs J F Hanley. Cal B W Rice, Seattle
Mrs G A Kellog. Cal P W Devore, Minn
Mrs T- D Felt, Eureka R L Ritchie, Golconda
PALACE H<">TEL.
J E Keller, Cal C Trenholm, Montreal
G Ka«tor, N V C Mclntyre, Montreal
H P Nowell, NY G M Gougard. Denver
Mrs Dunphy, Milbrae ; J Finnell. Tehama
Master Dunphy. MllbrMrs A Butler, Fresno
R Anderson & w, Mcx ! E Knight, L Ang
Miss Mansfield, Mexico A Mordeca, Stanford
H Dlttman, Mexico L Swinehart Goshen
W J McGee, Wash F Hawks, Goshen
P M Sharpies & w. PajMrs Williams, S Jose
E F Wilbur, Denver G B Brown. London
W C Peyton, S Cruz W Watt, Oakland
H Ocborne, L Ang C C Cassldy N V
J G Hoefllch, Clnn C C McLean', Phlla
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Gran lev* w. Chicago I R Caughell, Victoria
J Chlorlnl, Sacto J Morton, Sulsun
W G Sener & w. Phlla F R Black, L Ang
T Hansen, Madera A McArthur Tacoma
H E Day. Madera C Swain. S Cruz
G H Barlow, Fresno D F Ross, Vlsalia
J B Ropers. Ky J Barker, Stockton
C Watson, -« Jose :F T Samuels, Modesto
J B Palmer, 8 Jose R Hogan, Modesto
F Bradley, XT g White & w, Seattle
H T Mason. Oakdale
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct 14— Stmr
Friesland, from New York.
NAPLES—SaiIed Oct 14—Stmr Ems, for New
QUEENSTOWN—Arrived Oct 14—Stmr Italia.
for Philadelphia.
MOVILLE—SaiIed Oct 14— Stmr Furn»sla, tor
New York. — ,,
BALTIMORE—Arrived Oct 14—Stmr TV ille
had. from Bremenhaven.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 14— Stmr Karls
ruhe, from Bremen; stmr Fuerst Bismarck,
from Hamburg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Oct 14—Stmr Green
wood, hence Oct 13. Sailed Oct 14—Stmr
Whitesboro. for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY—Arrived Oct 14—Schr
Charles E. Falk, from Honolulu.
ARRIVED.
Friday, October 14.
Schr Jennie Thelln, Hansen, 11 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Lizzie Prlen, Hanson, 10 days from Co
qullle River.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES—SI*7 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister'street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
{526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second an-" Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _#_.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- >T_r
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. 'V >
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO, F. and m
A M —Called meeting THIS (SAT- A
URDAY) EVENING, October 15, at _£
7:30 o'clock. Degree 3. / > <_» r >
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
MEMBERS of Franco-American y:J_lu_':
Lodpe No. 270, 1 O. O. F., -are =sg_SHs{_=
requested to attend the funeral
of ALOIS HIGEL, SUNDAY, at /«"|W
1:30 p. m., from I. O. O. F. building, corner
Seventh and Market sts. By order of
P. CARNES, N. G.
A. GOUSTIAUX. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WANTED^ Every body to see THE GREAT
RACE FOR SHERIFF, the candidates on
WATER BICYCLES. The race will take
place on Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock at the
terminus of I'owell-Bt. cable cars. Bay and
Taylor sts.. North Beach.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake 6t., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to October 1, 1898:
Margaret Edwards. 1 year 10 months; Grace
Jarrett, 4 years; Esther Jarrett. 2 years; Rosa-
lind Chrlstensen, 11 years; Hazel Wood, 5
years 2 months; Lillian Crummey, 1 year 5
months; Dora au Buchon. 7 years 9 months:
Ruth au Buchon, 3 years 1 month; Margaret
Anderson, 4 years; Esther Petersen, 6 years;
Albertine Petersen, 4 years; Ruth Vanier, 9
years: Ada Vanier, 1 year 7 months; Eva
Rhoade, 7 years 9 months: Jennie Scott, 7
' years 5 months; Mary Scott, 5 years S months:
Amelia Scott, 4 years 1 month: Venus Maur-
mon, 11 years; Katie Klrkham. 13 years 5
months; Georgie Kirkham, 11 years; Jennie
Klrkham. 10 years. ■
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel, 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 Sd St.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Haight at.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
■aid.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 60 (60c per
share) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION CO. will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st., on and after
• THURSDAY, October 20, 1898. Transfer books
will close on Friday. October 14. IS9S, at '3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—FEMALE.
GERMAN second girl with 2 years' references
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
WANTED—By a young lady having experience
and speaking both English and Spanish, a.
situation in a candy store. Address X., 403
Jones $t.
COMPETENT young English woman wants
work by the day, $1 and car fare; references.
Box 577. Call office.
WANTED—A situation by an experienced cook;
city or country. Address 349^ Minna st. r. 1.
WOMAN wishes position to do light housework.
Address 37 Ivy aye.
WANTED—A place by a respectable girl to
take care of a child. 6 Brady st.
WOMAN wants work by day, laundress and
housecleaning. Call 43 Willow aye., cor. Polk.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wants situation
in a hotel. 921 Shotwell st.
FIRST-CLASS lady barber would like position;
wages. Address box 786, Call office.
COMPETENT woman wishes work in hotel or
boarding house to do chamberwork or laun-
dress; good references. 2759 Mission St.
BY a lady of ability, a position as housekeeper
in family; no objection to children. Address
box 673. Call office.
BY refined, respectable woman with little girl S
years old, position as working housekeeper.
Will call If desired, or apply at 22 Lily aye.,
between Gough and Franklin sts.
ENGLISH widow wishes to clean and repair
men's clothes; small charges; best references.
Address Q. C, 1226 Stockton st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED—MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 68.
CHINESE and Japanese (eatab. 20 years) help;
tel Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
AN industrious, reliable young German wants
work as gardener and general work about
private place; Is very handy and willing to
make himself useful; can give references.
Box 571, Call office. •:•»■
COACHMAN or general man wants place;
understands the proper care of fine horses,
carriages, etc.: good gardener: single: good
worker; best references. Address Coachman,
stable. 1217 California st.
WANTED — Situation as creamery man; handy
with engine and separator. Inquire of E.
CRANDELL, California Creamery, California
Market. '
ENGINEER, youne German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assist-
ant, or In boiler room. Engineer. 22 Sacra-
mento St.
YOUNG man. Just graudated from High School
and business college, will work for low wages.
Address 592 Fourteenth St.
JAPANESE, good waiter, wants situation at
hotel or boarding house and restaurant; city
or country. I. X., 1329 Pine st.
I CAN set type; can also run a country news-
paper; I want a Job. Who has one for me?
Box 792, Call office.
BAKERS, masters; wanted by respectable man
situation as good second single or take entire
management: good all round workman; dis-
engaged. Address JEROME. 748 Folaom St.
YOUNG couple wish positions in city or coun-
try; man able to do all kinds of farm work,
milk cows, etc.: wife able to do housework.
Address JOSEPH, 012 Foisom st.
AMERICAN married man. no children, Intel-
ligent and capable, wishes situation as fore-
man on hay, grain or stock ranch, or will
take charge of country residence. Address
box 785. Call. ,
LITTLE boy wants a good home and school-
ing In the country with a family without chil-
dren. Apply 30 Mint aye.
ENGINEER and machinist, young man, very
handy, will do repairing and putting up of
any kind of machinery: city or country, ref-
erences. Box 1465, Call Office.
CHINESE first-class cook, who will do wash-
ing, wishes a place: city or country; good
references. Address 703 Dupont St. Telephone
Main 17SS.
STEADY young man wants good home in re-
spectable place; 'an Francisco or Oakland.
understands care of horses and garden; wages
no object. Box 773. Call.
A GOOD boy of 15. well brought up. who has
good mechanical and drawing talents wishes
a situation; obliging and willing.44 Diamond.
WANTED By young man direct from Canada,
\ position as telegraph operator or salesman;
best of references. Address box 7io. Call.
BAKER, foreman, wants position: is a good
stock yeast maker: cit~ or country. Ad-
dress 4678 Minna st.. upstairs. .:;■■■-"":
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes situation of
trust to attend office a few hours a day for
pastime; small wages; best references. Box
1434. Call office. '
POSITION as bartender; experience. Box 1430,
Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
jgg_g__^Tr£ißre. "
it* INEER-Young German, competent and
■ Call office. ,
,nd baggace»to and from ferry. T
HELP WANTED— FKMAXE.
GIRL housework, sleep home, $1- Miss <_u_-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPANION to one lady: $10 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 flatter st.
NURSE, sleep home; $12. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st. . . .
REFINED nurse, one child. 3 years old; $12.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Slitter St.
CHAMBERMAID and seamstress. $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. .
°_?__~i" _» &*•*&&&&*■
325 Sutter st^ .
RANCH cook. $25. MISS .TLLEN. 325 gut-
Sutter st. —
3 SECOND girls. $20 each; cook. $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. _
bERMAN housekee^eT. $20. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. .
WAITRESS, small hotel, country, $15- MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman with ont s^»£ as house-
keeper, $15; country. MISS CU_.l_J_is. »*»
Sutter st. •
NURSERY governess. English branches Ger-
man and music, to travel to Europe
back, see lady here 11:30 a. m. C. K. v*->
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. "-C3k
S WAITRESSES, city and country. $20; cham-
bermaid to wait. $18. see lady here ? a. "•_
waitress, small boarding-house. $15, 2 res-
taurant waitresses, $4 and $5 •••••.•',••••"";;
Cook. 2 in family. $30; houseg lrl. mn all
American family. $25: house girl, t In familj.
$20: ranch cook. $20. fare paid; Swedls *V b °H.?*
girl for Berkeley. $25. and many young girls
for city and country. C. R. HANSEN & tu.,
104 Geary st. _^
PROTESTANT cook, American family of I.
$25; Scandinavian or German second gin.
$25. see lady here at 11 to-day; 5 cooks, Ger-
man families. $25 and $30; restaurant cook.
$25; cook, delicacy store, $2 a ; restaurant
waitress, $25; chambermaid and waitress ?zo.
and 20 young girls for housework, $15 and $20.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework: reference*:
call after 9 a. m. 2826 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt bands. 6 Eddy
st., rooms 96 and 97. -
WANTED— Capable girl for housekork. 710
Hyde st. '
WANTED-Rellable girl to care for baby and
assist In light housework. Apply at ISO 7 Scott.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser. Apply 1520 Polk
street. ____________
COMPETENT stenographer and typewriter liv-
ing in San Francisco; one who is quick ana
reliable at figures; salary moderate; apply in
own handwriting; stats wages required. Box
882, Call office.
YOUNG German girl for cooking and house-
work with good references; wages $20. Apply
at 2007 Devlsadero St.. bet. 10 and 12 o clock.
WANTED— German girl general housework and ■
cooking: good wages. 933 _____»_____ - ~J
PRESSER wanted on ladles' cloaks. Apply to
L. HOROWITZ, 751 Market St.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework, »
in family. 716 Franklin st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshirts;-
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36^ Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; Position*
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S: good positions;
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister St.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
BARLEY harvest field » be , an "
Strawbuck. $1 50 day and found; 2 hoe-
downs. $1 25 and found: 10 pitchers .common
laborers will do, $26 and found. MURRAY
& READY. 66* and 636 Clay st.
HARNESSMAKER. near city, 10c fare, $40 and
found, for camp; blacksmith helper, »2o and
found, for a ranch. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
ANYBODY can dig potatoes,
pull beans, etc.; we want 12 men. MURRAY
& READY 634 and 636 Clay St.
GROOM and coachman; -city references and
experience: $25 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. _j
PORTER, country hotel.. porter. lodging house,
city 2 bed makers, city. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
2 CHOREBOYS for ranches, $6 and $10 and
found: old man to do chores, ranch. A la-
meda Co.; 2 boys to learn trades, city. MLR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
2 PRUNERS for a large orchard, fare $1; 25
farm, orchard and vineyard hands. I* 6 . $&>
and $20 and found. MURRAY & RE ADI.
634 and 636 Clay st. - '
6 COMMON laborers: no experience required ;_.
$26 and found: for a large ranch: remember,^,
no teaming. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 7
C 36 Clay st. ;
ITALIANS Italians Italians
12 men as laborers to shovel; steady, good
job: $26 and found: near city. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED
2 men and wives for vineyard and farm .
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH helper for a ranch. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
RAILROAD work railroad work
f.5 2-horse teamsters, fare paid. $1 75 to $1 60
day; 25 4-horse teamsters, fare paid, $1 75 to
$185 day; 56 laborers, shovelers, fare' paid
$1 75 day. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 639
Clay st. ,
TO ARIZONA
"365 men wanted. MURRAY & READY
IN SAN FRANCISCO
X 2-horse teamsters ««r_^i"_i _? _£
•>« laborers $1 ' 5 an< * $160 day
MURRAY^' READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
W _£?^SKS foV-diff-erenV-pl^r?^ .
and $1 cord: 136 tie-makers for different
Places.. Sc to 12c each: u6 post-makers for dif-
ferent place- $1 50 and $1 25 cord: 26 wood-
chopped fare $1 25. $125 day. MURRAY _,
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TVTO THE HEART OF GOLD MINES....
"25 laborers, we pass you free, wages $1 75 day I
i« teinWers. we pass you free, $1 75 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
miTPHPRS butchers butcher*
Restaurant butcher, city $40 and found
Pnrk packer for a ranch $35 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
pn(-,cp n( -, c ... waiters dishwashers
2 hotel' cook" $35 and $30 and found
3 restaurant cooks $50 and $35 and found
2 second cooks $6 and $8 week
4 waiters hotels $30 and $25 and found.
- 3 restaurant waiters.. sS week and $30 and fnd.
•> boys to learn waiting.. slo and $15 and found
' 6 dishwashers $25, $20 and $15 and found *
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay et. A
TEAMSTERS, coast road.... Free far-
Laborers, mountain road ship to-night
10 4-horse teamsters new work;
Quarrymen, steady Job $2 a day
5 tunnelmen , $2 50 a day
3 coal miners, flat vein, boss here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 MILKERS, same dairy, $25; milker, $25. see
boss here; 2 ranch teamsters, "26 and board:
4 farmers, $20: 5 men to gru' land, $25 an .
acre; 3 teamsters, city, $1 and bmrd; 2 labor-
ers, $1 and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. -
IRON worker; boy to learn trade. $3 to $4 a
week; 2 boys, $3 60 a week. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
SALOON cook. $40; second cook. $45: cook, $7
a week: butcher, $40: dishwasher, hotel, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 101 Geary st. .^\ v
WAITER. Nevada, $30:. waiter, country hotel, *
, $30; 2 waiters, same country hotel, $25. C. R.
• HAN SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st-.
BAKER and pastry cook. $70. C. I_. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. ■■ . -
WANTED — 4 men to clear land. $25 acre; 1
stablemen, $30 and found; laborers for mill
yard $1 60 day; woodsmen, $1 50 day and
board: mill men. going wages; 4 fruit picker*.
$1 25 day: blacksmith, $2 day; German win*
cellar man, $8 week; laborers for a mine,
$1 75 and $2 day; choremen and boys; farmers
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & C 0. ,,
62S Sacramento st. -
WANTED— Night cook for country; 3 hotel
waiters, $25; restaurant butcher, $J0; restaur-
ant cooks; elevator boy; porters; kitchen
men and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young man as porter, saloon, coun-
try, .$2O and found: see rarty here 8 a. m. ;
boy for Indoor work, $20; stableman, $33;
second cook, short orders. $35; assistant
butcher, $25; cook, $60; waiter, hotel, $25;
waiter, plain restaurant, - $25; dishwasher,
$25; and others. ANDRE'S,' 316 Stockton st.
2. AX men. $30: 10 men ' for roads, mills andtyfe
woods, $26: laborers and teamsters, city, $1 75 " f
a day; 6 farmers,- $20: cook, country hotel,
$35. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— must have ' best of ! refer-
ences. Apply 327 Market St., Spreckels, Mon-
day, between 10 and 12.*
WANTED— Solicitor :to sell teas, coffees and
crockery; salary and commission. Box 601.
Call of flea. r. - ....HELP ".'ANTED— Continued.
WANTED— For a good paying business, a good
solicitor; none others need apply. Call 320
Van Ness aye. ;
BARBER, S years' experience, single, sober and
steady, desires steady position In country
town, California, Nevada or Arizona- state
wages. Box 7W>, Call offlce.
GOOD barber wanted. 791 Mission f=t.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 173S Market
st., opposite Eleventh.
BARBER wanted; steady. 105 Fourth st.
BARKER, Saturday and Sunday. 715% Davis
street.
MAN for wine and liquor store in Alameda.
POSTKL BROS.. 1331 Park :t.
WAITER wanted. 10S Seventh st.
WAXTED— First-class woodcarver. FINK _
SCHINDLER, 130 a Market St.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 328
Hush St., office No. 4. third floor.
YOUNG German butcher. lIS Seventh st.
WANTED -Quick paperhanger with tools. Call
early at 411 Fourth St.; store.
PRESSE H wanted. EMPORIUM RENOVA-
TOR Y. 103 Eddy st.
"WAXTKI.v— a bushelman at PAUSON & CO.'S,
■ Suiter ami Kearny sts.
BOY to drive wagon and assist in grocery
store; references. 234 Van Ncsa aye.
.V.*ANTEl>— Lunch waiter. 12 Washington
street.
BOY wanted in bakery, 142 Second St.; boy
with experience preferred. -
"WANTED— Young man, painter, stage worker.
Call in the morning. 1707 Howard st.
BARBERS— $M> buys a 2-chalr shop and cigar
stand; rent io month; plenty work for 1 man.
531 Pir.e St.
SHOEMAKER and repairer; come early; bring
tools. 2140 Filimore _t.
FIRST-CI-ASS hairdresser. Apply 1520 Polk
street. {
WANTED— Man experienced In making dies for
folding boxes. Apply 620 Market st.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed $10. 1542 Market st.
RKCRUITS wanted for the United Slates ma-
rine corps, United States navy: able-bodied. ;
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and •
30 years, who are citizens of the United ;
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of |
good character and habits and able to speak, i
read and write English, and be between Z j
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further i
information apply at the recruiting office. 20 !
Ellis St., San Francisco, Chl. j
WORKIXGMEN wanted to see our assortment |
of second-hand shoes, some nearly new. from j
25c to $! ; 250 pairs to pick from; call early, j
F62 Mission St., between First and Second sts. :
.■SALESMEN— Mining. telephone and other j
stocks: winning- plan; millions in it. Address .
G. 1. lowa City lowa.
WANTED — 3 men to solicit on something new. :
Call at ence, 156 Fifth st. !
BARBERS' Progressive 'Union; free employ- I
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164. j
HALF-TONE photo engraver for a desirable >
situation. Proprietor. 1304 Franklin, Oakland. I
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know !
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large I
rooms; lie per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Ass*i Free Employment. Offlce. S. ;
FI'CHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136. ;
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Uarber College. 13SVs Eighth st.
WANTED — To collect ■ wages due laborers and '
clerke. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Putter st.
• ]
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LAN] 604 Davis St.. near Jackson.
EINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
rccm. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
THY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 2_c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
_IXGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1 i
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts. j
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st . n*ar
Market: MO rooms, 25c night: reading-room; ]
free 'bus end baggage In and from the ferry. '
AGENTS WANTED.
XIVE. en<?rKftic a^fnta to handle a. good spe-
cialty: .just in. Greater West Advertising & I
Vovelty Company, 1105H Washington st.. Oak- j
!an<l. j
FI'RXITVRIs WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer- ■
chandise: sold on commission: reasonable. B. !
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
HOUSES WANTED.
TRUSTWORTHY lady, best references, will
take rharge Pan Francisco residence during
absence of owners. . tress M. G., Glenwood,
'■'■ - !
BOOMS WANTED.
ELDERLY widow desires 2 unfurnished rooms
suitable for housekeeping. Box 770. Call.
PROPERTY WANTED.
tVANTED— To lease email farm ' 1." or~3o
acres near San Francisco, with house, stable,
water, etc.; near creek prfcffcrrc-d: state price
and location. C. E. PIODA; 842 Powell St.,
corner Clay. San Francisco.
WANTED— MISCELLAXEOL'S.
WANTED— To adopt a young female Infant;
good home. Apply at once at 534 Mission st.
ROLL second-hand velvet e_rrj<?t. 4S yards
square. 9 Powell St., room IS: muat be ch^ap.
WANTED — Top buggy; must be In pood repair
and cheap. Corner Twenty-fourth ana Church
sts.. at grocery.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
bought; Send for KLEIN. If? Sixth st.
(GRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand. 103 Montgomery st.
KDItATIOXAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post ft.— Book-
keepin)?, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
«-!»-rtrk_l, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business Colloge. 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book- |
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
brnnches, etc.; life sc_ larship, $50; low rates )
per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. Fel-
low In Mathematics, V. C, 7407 S. Athertnn,
nr. Charming way.Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School 'vH, electrical, mln-
Ir.e, roech. survey, assay, 1 .hit. : day & eve.;
ie-tq 1864.1 VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MME. ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
Instructions; correct. natural method. 93o Bush.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 vrs experlen^ Presa Club bldg-., 123 Ellis.
INSTRUCT] -'-no, comet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, mi 24th st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Ta.rr. 072 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes: prl. tuition Mr*. Khrn-if.r:. 12?,4 Bash.
LOST.
BTRATED or stolen September 30 from vloln-
ity of City 'Hall, brown horse; bald face;
white feet: hitched to side spring bugcy'
painted black. Return to SULLIVAN &
DOYLE, 327 Sixth st.
LOST— October 11, a sable boa, on Sacramento
st. cars going toward ferry. Return to M\i>-
[BON & BURKE, C 26 Market st., and receive
$10 reward.
LOPT— A red opal FC-.irfpln with small d a-
monds. Finder will be suits rewarded by
returning to A. G. PLATT, 307 California st.
L< iHT—gkye terrier pup; wore brass collar; last
■"•en on Ear.come at, Return to 318 Clay st. •
reward.
LOPT- Old r ed Irish jitter doe. Return to
_ ' 425 Puinor «t., near Ellis: liberal reward.
LOST— In Fan Francisco October 11. black
cocker bitch; Oakland t_c numbered 515. Re-
turn to HUGH ALDRICH 906 Broadway, !
Oakland.
CERTIPICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Franrinr-o i»nd lan .Inaquln Valley Railroad.
Issued to A. G. RtTSB. has been lost and a i
reward of jk, iH hereby offered for delivering !
'he ■ ■:-. ■-■ ■- ,y r; r;-s- 201 Montgomery at. '
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. J. B.
KVANB. 14 McAllister st.
CITY Law and Collection '•Ire; advice free.
777 Market St., room 7.
c E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-law.
40 Montgomery B t., room 16.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful W
W. DAVIDSON, f-27 Market ft. ucceßarul - w -
STORAGE.
FIERCE-RUDOLPH Stoi_ge~ana Moving elf
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
1.. SlM**. CHANCES.
A— LIST your ire, property or business place
' with WILKE & UNFUO, 906 Market Rt.. the
Old established and reliable Business Agents.
We haw a large list of buyers who would like
to buy in country towns.
$225 IF sold at once: saloon close to Market st.,
near Baldwin Hotel: fixtures up-to-date; a
first-class place; owner compelled to sell; this
place has a splendid future; call early.
WILKE & UNFUG. tOt Market st.
A— s3oo; corner grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
of Market St.; living rooms; rent $25; a snap.
WILKE <& UNFUG, 908 Market St.
A— slloo saloon; rent $-0; established for years
and doing a business clearing $125 per
month; located near Palace hotel; elegant
fixtures; disagreement of partners causes a i
bargain. WILKK & Ml Q, 906 Market st. j
A— S7OO— CORNER grocery and bar; 4 living j
rooms; rent $27 50; one block south of Market;
average daily receipts $16: 2 barrels whisky In
Htock. Particulars, WILKE & UNKUG, '.'O6
Market st.
A— S4I 'O— CORNER saloon with club room; rent
$30- best location; surrounded by planing
mills and factories: a splendid offer. 1 a *"-
ticulars, SVII KE & UNFUG, 9U6 Market st.
KOO-^BUTCHER shop, old established: fine
i>:ace for packing house; fine team; cash reg-
ister; just the way it stands; One °P c .!J ln *:
party has other business: make oiler. * v lijivii.
& UNFUQ. J
$110— BRANCH bakery and variety store; ,|
rooms; cheap rent; pays well; must be sola
to-day on account vi unexpected departure,
offer wanted. National Agency, t Orant aye -
V_W*NTED, to buy one-half interest in mfg.
business. National' Business Agency. 7 Grant.
A— PAYING delicacy store; 3 Ing rooms:
cheap rent; well fitted up: selling account
sickness. National Business Ex.. ■ Grant ay.
$200— PARTNER wanted; light genteel cash
business; last 16 years cleared $7i a month to
each: big chance to increase: must have help.
National Bu-iness Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$350— FINE comer saloon, with clubroom; fine
fixtures; surrounded by factories; great bar-
gain on account of sickness; this week only.
National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$125— CIGARS and notion; 3 rooms; cheap rent;
can be largely increased: old-established;
party cannot attend it. LESS & CO., 765 Mkt.
J275— A partner, lady or gentleman, in old-
established restaurant; meals _>c and up;
clears $75 mo. each: full investigation courted
and allowed. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$273 — CORNER grocery and bar. with living-
r<x.-me; cstablisher years; owner called East:
will sacrifice. M. LESS, 765 Market st
$225— DOWN-TOWN saloon; easily worth $1000;
$10 daily. KREDO & CO.. 2_M; Geary st.
A— ssoo; corner cigar stand; fine location; value
in stock; SIS daily. KREDO & CO.. -'!'•■_ Geary.
A— s7oo; partner; milk route and boarding stable; i
2w steady customers; clears $250. Kredo & Co. 1
A— s3i'O; branch bakery, delicacy and laundry !
office; best in Mission; $16 daily; sold on ac- |
count of sickness. KREDO & CO.. 22V. Geary. :
jj.iXi — SALOON v.ith club rooms: first-class fix-
tures. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market St.
JSOO—FLORIPT: good store and outside trade. ;
, Mclaughlin & co., 777 Market st.
$175— GROCERY and bar; good location; living
rooms; rent $10. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
Market st.
$150 — CIGAR stand; worth more money. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market St.
$150— CIGAR stand: half block north of Market
et. ; good location: cheap rent: stock for
value. JONES & SEARLL, 565 Market st.
$250 — PAINT and paper banger shop; Western
Addition: horse and wagon; complete outfit;
5 rooms furnished. JONES & SEARLL. &65
Market st. i
WAXTED— A loan of $10,000, U. S. gold coin or i
currency, for a term of years; any prominent !
Christian business man or woman who may j
wish to invest any. such amount in a legiti- ,
mat and profitable manufacturing enterprise
should address A. BERGMAN, 737 Mission st. ;
AT A SACRIFICE— One of the best located res-
taurants in Oakland: has been run by the
present owners for nine years: clears 5250 per
month: first-class trade; owners retiring on
account of nther business in S. F. For par- I
ticulars address J. X., box &, Call, Oakland, j
A PAPER route to buy or lease. Address with
particulars and price, C. J. W., 210S Taylor.
FRUITVALE chicken ranch, 20 acres, will
.-•■:; whole or any part of stock or Improve-
ments 8 tons of hay, cow, wagons, incuba-
tors; must be sold in 3 days. Short's Bakery., !
upper Frultvale. j
$275— BARGAIN; grocery and bar; neatly fitted j
and stocked; living- rooms: good corner.
WICHMAN & CO., 320 Clay s^
$2£?0 — GOOD paying saloon; fine location.. Ap-
ply P. D, CULVER, room 23, Birth floor. Mills ;
building. i
DRUG store. $S.io; principal street: city: reason !
for selling: trial given. Box 771. Call office, j
GOOD paying country restaurant for sale. Ap- 1
ply Call office. j
COAL yard; splendid location. Address box 777.
Call bifiee.
PARTNER wanted; restaurant cook preferred.
Box 781, Call office^
PARTNER wanted who understands cooking,
in oyster and delicacy parlor; week's trial ,
given: good prospects. Apply Call office.
PAINTING, whitening and paperhanglng busi-
ness in center of city; stock, tools, etc. Ap-
ply to C. J. BARROW, 1217 Market st.
FOR SALE First-class saloon one block from
Baldwin Hotel. Apply NW. corner of Powell \
and O"Farrell st.
SALOON: whole* or half-interest: city front:
opposite ferries. 23 East st.. near Clay.
O'FARRELL. 719— Store, suitable butcher shop: 1
good location; alter to suit tenant; rent cheap.
BARBER shop running 2 chairs, clearing $20
a week, with 3 room?, furniture; will give
trial. Box 758. Call office.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jof«. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea,
spices, etc.: supplied a* wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-109 Beale st.
LOIJ_IA _ llO__i_S FOX &A.LU.
18^ROOM~CORNER
BAY WINDOW
OWNER SICK
. . MUST SELL. OFFER WANTED I
. . .NORTH OF MARKET ST
$600; clears $150 3* rooms
$4. ,0; worth $1000; a snap 14 rooms
$300 house S. 10 rooms
13500; corner house; clears $300 32 rooms
$375; sunny corner; new S rooms
On Market St.; clears $300 32 rooms
$700; central; fine yard 14 rooms
• Ife-room house on Sixth st $008 1
25 rooms: sunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears' sloo 606
21-room house; central; clears $150 500
32-room house; lest In city 1009
12-room house: worth $800 300
IS-room house: on Sutter st 450
24-room house; clears $150 1400
20-room house; worth $1000 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms,
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— ll ROOMS on O'Farrell St.; clears $75
month all new furniture: snap $ 800
4S rooms; north of Market St.; fine $1200
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 3500
IS rooms; rent $30 .* 400
22 rooms; north of Market; clears $125 1150 i
IS rooms; al! new furniture 600 |
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US i"l
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F C. HYDE &. CO., 1206 Market st.
KREDO & CO 22U, Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
7 rooms; Turk st. ; all rented $275
11 rooms: new and elegant: O'Farrell St.. 500
12 rooms; Ellis ft.; clears $10 500
15 rooms: Third st. : rent only $30 !75
22 rooms: dining-room: corner 1700
A— s6oo: 23 rooms; monthly receipts $115: rent
$45; good furniture. KREDO A CO., 22% Geary.
A— s6oo; 37 rooms; centrally located; clears $130
month; snap. KREDO & CO., 22 _ Geary st.
NEW HOUSE — ~ '.
20 ROOMS — 20 ROOMS
_ - — OFFER WANTED —
47 ROOMS 47 ROOMS
RENT $75.
PRICE $1700 — PRICE $1700.
WINSTON & CO., 646 Market st.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS—
10 rooms 1178 IS rooms: fine $550
16 room? 230|20 rooms; snap... 600
37 rooms 700,50 rooms 1250
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
LODGING house to let, on a main street, with
28 rooms and bath: with stationary wash- !
stands in every room: rent only $B0: furniture '
for ale If desired at $400. Apply to C. S.
CAPP & CO., Real Estate Agents, 630 Market.
$226—16 FURNISHED rooms; 1 block from Mar-
ket st.; rooms all rented: good location
JONES & SEARLL, 865 Market st.
LOX>GING house; bargain for cash. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$630— 34-ROOM house- all rented; best location
city; rent $50 month. BASILE. 873V4 Market.
LARGE hr.tel, furniture and lot, muet be sold;
only $1400. Call 256 Third st. .
FOR SALE— Lodging house on Second st. 30
rooms, all sunny; cheap rent. Apply at 124
Second at.
LODGING house 14 rooms: oil full; rent $20. 116
Leldesdorf st; call 733 Folsom. .
WANTED— Good rooming house; central loca-
tion; cheap for cash: no agents. Box ~tB. Call.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Bubpcrlptlons and ads taken.
~ PHYSICIANS. - .^./ ~
DR. C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
■ ■ . ■■ . ■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
VICTOR st., off Bryant, bet. Seventh and
Eighth— Cheapest tenements in the city; good
location; sunny rooms; rent reasonable. Key
at grocery, cor. Bryant and Victor sts., or
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
PRESIDIO Heights— Modern house, containing
11 rooms- and bath; rent very cheap; 3415 Jack-
son st. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
POST, House containing 36 rooms, 2 baths;
suitable for lodging or boarding house: prem-
ises will be put In condition to suit tenant;
rent reasonable; fine location. Apply to
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
HOUSE of 13 rooms and bath in good order;
sunny side. 252 O'Farrell st. " ■■-.
HOUSE, 3 rooms; large yard and stable. 2
Hayward St., off Harrison, near Eighth.
BRODERICK, 1515, near Sutter — sunny rooms;
bath; basement; laundry: yard: water.
3 LODGE rooms furnished, 527 Mission; 10-
ronm house, 2417 Sutter: ."-mom cottage, 2405
Pinter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL, 320 Clay st.
WE >an rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
p.-imTy st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE sunny cottage. 447 Fifth St.; 4 good
rooms: large yard; $13.
SUNNY cottage, 7 rooms and bath. 4437 Twen-
tieth St.; rent cheap.
$11 50— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, cellar, yard. 468
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.'
4-ROOM cottage, bath, basement; rent $14. 522
Shot-well St., bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth.
FURNISHED FLATS.
$400— LOWER flat: 7 rooms: well furnished; $1«
a month; centrally located near Market. Box
760. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
CLAY. 1417A^-One of the most beautiful flats
in town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable. ■: - ..
CLAYTON, 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
FLAT of C rooms; Inclosed porch; bath; laun-
dry; large separate yard. 1838 Union st.
GEARY, Flat, 5 sunny rooms; water free;
rent $14.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1158, near Webster—
tunny upper flat.*. 6 and 7 rooms.
HYDE. 1720— $1S; 5 choice sunny rooms; all
modern Improvements.
IVY aye.. 62. near Mechanics' Pavilion— Fine
sunny flat 4 rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat. 5 rooms;
modern improvements: rent $16.
LOWER Hat of 5 rooms. 447 Jessie st., between
Fifth and Sixth.
LYON, 017, near McAllister— sunny flat
6 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
MODERN sunny flat, 10 rooms; would 6Uit
physician. 626 Golden Gate aye.
NEW upper flat of 7 rooms; bath; laundry; in- !
closed porch; sun all day. Northwest corner
cf Green and Leaven worth Ms.
NICE upper flat, 3 large rooms. 16 Landers St.,
bet. 14th and 15th, above Dolores; $10.
NICE sunny flat. 637 Minna St.. between j
Seventh and Eighth; $10. '
SCOTT. 820, near McAllister— Modern flat of 6
rooms and bath; sunny; newly decorated;
rent $2.">. '__ j
STEVENSON. 413, near Fifth— Lower flat, 4 ;
rooms; water free. ' j
i SUNNY upper flat. 7 rooms: newly papered and j
j painted. 1150 Mission st.; $15. |
! UPPER flat: 313Z Twenty-second St.; 5 rooms
; and bath; $13; on car line. j
WE can rent you a fiat with or without »
flagpole. BALDWIN _: HOWELL, 10 Moat-
gi 11 cry ft. j
SUNNY lower flat, 5 rooms and bath. 440 i
Fourteenth Bt., near Valencia.
jl4_l^ lower flat; 5 rooms; bath; yard, j
257 Clementina st. j
$22 CLAY. 1243— Flat of 7 sunny rooms .
and hath; tine view. i
3 NEW sunny modern flats, 925 Golden Gate
aye., 615H Grove st, and 1421 Hayes st.
ROOMS FOR UO_SKK_C_:_*lX_i.
AT Polk. Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekpg; neat, clean, quiet house.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-windows
with kitchen; all sunny; $12 to $14 per suite.
BUENA VISTA aye.'. 449, Ashbury Heights—
6 furnished rooms for housekeeping^
CASTRO, 406, rear— nice sunny unfurnished
housekeeping roomst large yard, stable; cheap.
EDDY, 915 — Furnished or unfurnished connect- j
ing sunny rooms; garden; fine location; pri- 1
vate residence.
_ ■» !
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front bedroom and 1
kitchen; sink, water, bath; private; $11.
FOLSOM, 704— Nice clean single, double and |
housekeeping rooms, $1 week and up.
FULTON, 235, near Van Ness— 2 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms: private family.
GOUGH, 530—1 front and rear parlor; 1 house-
keeping room; bath, hot and cold water.
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— furnished
rooms; also housekeeping; transient.
HOWARD, 1755 A— nicely furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
IN Oakland: housekeeping room reasonable, or
give services few hours daily in return for
rent. Address box 570, Call offlce.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished sunny
large front housekeeping room; $S to $9.
JESSIE, Large sunny room; running
water; suitable for two; private; $8.
JONES, 2056—2 sunny unfurnished front rooms;
bath; tubs; cheap.
LEAVENWORTH, Sll, near Sutter— 3 sunny
rooms; housekeeping; references; $9 50.
MCALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room with
kitchen; gas and bath.
MINNA, 725. bet. Bth and 9th. first floor— nice
unfurnished rooms; big yard; rent only $8.
MISSION, 1129 — Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; other rooms; reas-nable.
MISSION, 1151 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
NOE, 151—2 or 3 rooms furnished or unfur-
nished; modern flat; $10 to $14. 
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary— sunny
room and kitchen with stove; $12.
O'FARRELL, 431—2 or 3 rooms furnished for
housekeeping.
PROSPECT place, 123, Stockton, Powell, near
California— House of 4 rooms; cellar; com-
plete; $5 to $15; private; German family.
SEVENTH, Ground floor 3 rooms; also 3
upper rooms; furnished; no children; rent
. cheap.
SIXTH, — Sunny front room for light
housekpg; other sunny rooms: cheap; quiet.
TAYLOR, 240 — 2 or more sunny furnished house-
. keeping rooms; bath.
TAYLOR, 703, above Sutter— Parlor suite, S or
2 rooms, complete for light housekeeping or
doctor; also other rooms, single or en suite.
THE Piedmont. 118 A Sixth st.-I or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
TURK. 20— Nicely furnished rooms; also 2 com-
plete for housekeeping.
VAN NE?S, 321—2 large rooms and kitchen:
complete for hkpg.; gas; range; sun all day.
VAN NESS, 400— Unfurnished sunny parlor
floor. 4 rooms; newly papered; modern.
ROOMS TO LET. *
AT 223 MASON— Nicely furnished light rooms,
$1 50 per week. up; day. 50c to $1; quiet house.
AT 52 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms: wk. $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The. 1409 A Market— hands;
renovated; rooms 50c. suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post et.. 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis. or. Mason— Sunny
suites and single rooms: prices reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8. «10 mo.
EDDY 3 corner Powell— furnished front
room' on Market St.. $2 50 J L. week.
EDDY, 318— Newly furnished sunny suite and
Single rooms; private family; baths. . ___^
ELLIS 516— Nicely furnished sunny front al-
cove;' also large pleasant double room, $12.
ELLIS, 534— Large sunny front room, $12; also
a single room for gent, : $6.
ELLIS. 540. cor. Hyde— nicely furnished
corner room: sun all day; gas, bath, grate.
ELLIS, 611— Newly furnished front alcove
room; also gunny double rm. ; gas, bath; reas.
ELLIS, 708— Finely furnished parlor floor; 3
rms. for bouBekpg..'or 2 or 3 gents; ref.
ELLIS Hout-e. 1007V4 Market— This house has
changed hands; thoroughly renovated; term-
reasonable; country trade solicited. MRS.
KITTY DOWNING. Proprietor. A
FIFTH, 108, near — Sunny room for Kent;
: : also suite for doctor; quiet house. .• ,
FIFTH, 221—2 housekeeping rooms, 92 50; others
from $1 up; all sunny.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. .
GEARY, 402 — Just opened; carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny, front, furnished and un-
furnished rooms; reasonable; offices; Ist floor.
GEARY. 108 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms: suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY. 622 and — Newly furnished sunny
bay-window rooms; also other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 5C5— 2 large nicely fur-
nished parlors; suitable for 3 or 4 gents.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Finely furnished
front room; private family; reasonable.
GEARY, 792 — Large sunny front room for gen-
tleman. ' . ■-? "-,'<
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4: reading room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, 140*— Sunny front room; run-
ning water; $10; bath.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; tl 50 to J6 per week.
HASKSLL. The 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms: transients: gents preferd.
HOWARD. 1129, bet. Seventh and Eighth— Sun-
ny front rooms; from $4 month up.
HYDE, SIS, near Bush— Elegant rooms in fine
order: new carpets: in private house; will
be let unfurnished; references.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day. week or month.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient: rent cheap.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms: reasonable.
POWELL, 617— Elegantly furnished suite: sun
all day; bath: gas; telephone; 2 or 3 gents.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms: reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHEBMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SUTTER, 1111— Nicely furnished rooms; single
cr en suite: very reasonable; also housekpg!
TAYLOR', 610 Alcove sunny suite, newly fur-
nished; aiso parlor bedroom; very desirable.
TAYLOR, SO4, opp. Belle Vista— Nicely fur-
nished sunny suite of rooms, gas, bath, grate,
$17; also single room. $8; private house. ' ;
TO let — Part of a house; sunny corner: 3 and
S rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 542 Halght.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp. Gough—
House newly furnished: single rooms or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS aye.. 320 — Nice sunny front parlor;
suitable for 2 gents or couple; other rooms.
VAN NESS aye.. 813— Ladies preferred; pri-
vate: with physician's family.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly i
Call. Sent to any address In the United
FtatPs. postpaid, for 81 SO a year.
ROOMS AM) ilt)A-(l) •
ABBOTSPORD, The—
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike; terms |
moderate; board optional; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House. 319-321-323 Grant aye.—
Rooms 50c up: board and room. $1 p;r day and |
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY, 626 (Irvlngdale)— front bay-win- |
dow suites, best board, $40 up: single, $20 up.
HYDE, Sunny rooms, with or without |
board; Spanish family; American cooking; ref.
MISSION. 846— Nicely furnished suites, and
single rooms: with board. '
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant room for gentle-
man; parlor; piano; home cooking: $20 up.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2. $40 per
nth; single rooms accordlr~ly.
■VAN NESS aye., 619— Sunny 'urnlshed suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
VAN NESS. 100?— Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED— to board; no questions asked.
9 Mason st.
WANTED— A little boy, not under 5; good
home; splendid care; also under the Influence
of a refined and accomplished young la.ly.
Address box 778, Call office.
CHILD to board; pay not bo much an object as
company. 1540 Central aye.
b ORES TO LET.
NICE sunny stores, with living rooms, at 339
Noe st.
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts — j
Handsome corner store. $30 per month.
THIRD, 417—2 living rooms: basement: bay-
•vvlndow: good location: low rent.
OFFICES TO L^T.
I~"TMA~SPRECKELS building, 927 Market st-;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 2iO.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay: home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention: all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIE3. 1228 Market
Et. ; pills. $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before- pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pITIs and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used, guaranteed
cure at office. $5: travelers helped Instantly:
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st. ;
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with j
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50; j
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home in confinement. 156 Second st.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light It floats.' Full set of teeth, $5; crowns.
|3 50 up; gold' fillings, $1 up, silver. 50c up:
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered: examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS. 8 Ma-
son et., corner Market: phone South 7SI.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years,
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie USI
SET of teeth. $5; fillings, gold $1 up: silver 25c
up; bridges: plates repaired: all work pain-
less and. warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist.
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farreil st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
: of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
897 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
DENTIST with some ready cash wishes to lo-
cate in a very lively place. Address box 783,
Call office. ■■
SET of teeth without . a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and . warranted. DR.' J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St. ...■-.■
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works —
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 256.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S -, Pioneer Carpet-
beating orks, 353-57 lehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard ; laid at la
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944,
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating ™" rks. 333 Golden
Gate ' are. ; .tel: East 126. '
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
: M. Main 384. . GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor. ; ,
• PERSONALS. .
INFORMATION wanted~of EVELYN^ AUSTIN
or 12LLIE EVENSON. C. D. FOLGER. 539
California st.
GUITAR and piano players to Join mandolin
club. PROFESSOR MERKI, lOCS Mission st.
MAGNETISM is the life of the physical; It
cures sleeplessness, melancholia or any dis-
ease that is curable; Instructions given con-
cerning the causation of malformation, birth-
marks and their prevention; the power of
thought and its effects: philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine, no batteries used,
no rubbing: can heal from a distance. J. W.
BROWN, magnetic healer, 1362 Grove St.,
Oakland. _____
MANUFACTURER'S stock, 830 beautiful col-
ored pictures, 10x14 Inches, mounted on glass
with brass chain around for hanging; 89 sub-
jects for 15c each; gold everywhere for 35c.
JONES. 547 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d.
LEDERER'S Quinonia, an extract of quinine,
is a perfect hair tonic; 35c a bottle; try it. G.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
LEDSRER is the up-to-date hairdresser; 25c;
hair restored to its natural color, $1 50 up;
good switches. $1; finest, $3 50: .extra, $5: open
Sunday 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
SEND 10c (currency) for 3 months' trial sub-
scription to Men and Matters. New Orleans,
La.; regular price, $1 per year. _^
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms,
2:c to $1 50 per nieht; $! 50 to 56 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
FRANCISCO Ladies' French "altering
College, 216 Market: men and women teachers.'
MMF. GO iSTEIN— El ant stylish dresses. *5
up: drpsfs mail" -ver. ! '"Mri*- at . rm 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property: locates treasures,
minerals : tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market St.. opp-. Sixth.
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their
future consult her immediately; poor people
half fee; by mall, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post st.
I MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. 'LENEMAR, fortunes by planets: pre-
dicted overdue steamer in 1874. 23M. Sixth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. EXODIUS, clairvoyant. 138 Sixth St.,
room 4; fee 50c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
MRS B. MANN, the well-known fortune
i teller, has opened nn of floe at 315 O'Farrell st.
~~ ~ SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance teat medium,
life reader.medical clairvoyant. diseases cured
with revealed remedies: cancer cured without
pain; Flttinsr? $1: diagnosis free. 232 Stockton
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologlst; cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. : has
removed from 34 Sixth St., to 28 Sixth st.,
rooms 2 and 3.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., S. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
i M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing mo-
ijiiim. no Ha'ght st.
• i — ' — — — "^^^— — —
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
i AS we are selling good upright piano* for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
: gate and approve this method; prices are the
came as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in gocd second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
|5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
; ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
?6 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all ether musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th«
customer. "
' AN elegant Knabe piano; slightly used; cab-
i met grand: mahogany case; 3 pedals: a bar-
gain; also 1 Vose & Sons, 1 Sterling, 1 Steck
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chickering agents.
16 to 20 O'Farrell st.
DECKER A SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best in quality, tone and .finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
A LARGE shipment of the finest pianos that
ever came to this coast Just arrived: call and
see. GARDNER & GLASSELL, 216 Post St.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Brlggs an. other pianos; see our rent plan;
n > interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
FOR sale— Reasonable, small upright piano;
rosewood case: good condition; French make.
Box 883. Call office. ■
$60— UPRIGHT piano; good tune; for sale on
$5 installments. 1115 Post st.
! $&© — Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmitz,
16 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
', AN elegant Stelnway, upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1021 "an Ness aye.
! NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
! SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st. .
i "AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights. $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
i KNABE pianos; new scale; new : yles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrel' st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MKLLTTR. maktr. repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
1 60 HORSES of every crlption at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth: also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
! day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
i JUST arrived— carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses.. Occidental Saleyards.72l Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
1-MAN rubber-tire road buggy, bike sulky and
village cart. 500 Golden Gate aye.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hail.
~~ FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
NEW and second-hand 2 and 5 stamp mills,
boilers and englnee. irrigating and draining,
dredging and mining pumps. KROGH MAN-
UFACTURING CO.. 11 Stevenson st.
GREAT Dane pups; good pedigree: sire. Blln-
I ker Murphy; dam, Queen R: prize winners
1 1298, Cigar store, 329 Montgomery st.
ESTABLISHED physician's practice near San
Francisco; reasonable; good location. Inquire
NAGLE. .632 Market st. - •
FOR sale— Large baker's portable oven, new
furnace and flue; cheap. Call at 570 Harrison.
VERY elegant circular cape; latest model from
Europe; fawn cloth, lined rich silk; never
worn; a bargain; $50; worth double. Room
11, Delaware House, 1421 Market St.. 2 to 5.
FOR SALE— Fresh family cow. Call 23S Dun-
. can st. '
BOILERS engine?, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
ONE letter press, 1 map (Guatemala). 1 small
desk, office wire railing. 811 Leavenworth st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St., above
Sixth.
FOR SALE— No. 8 Eureka ranch stove. 119
Tenth st.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl. 938-952 Market.
J It POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand: all
Fines: half original cost. 109-111 ■ Market, S. F.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch -office of The Call;
Subscriptions and ads taken.
~ SEWING MACHINES"
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
r.het*p: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission it.
$■> MONTHLY, rented; repaired; bought, sold;
a machine supplies. 145 Sl-tth ; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. '
BICYCLES^ ■ ■
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9 up; new
•IS 17 high grade $100 bicycles for $29; new
tires, $i; new pedals, $1 25 a pair; repairing.
JOSEPH HOLLE, goto and Folsom sts.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Lot 25x70; cottage 5 rooms; all
modern; beautifully furnished; $1500; part
cash. 1709 Market st.
LOTS at Golden Gate, near new ferry: $20
cash, balance S5 per month. THE McCAR-
THY CO.. 646 Market St., Sl.S 1 . F.
ALAMEOA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
LIKE rent: to order, 3 modern 5-room cottages;
lots 33x1,0- $1500; $200 cash and $20 per month.
J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park it.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, Installment home
builders. 1500 Park St.. Alameda._Cal.
IMMEDIATE sale: cheap: lot 35x115- house 5
rooms; bath. 1825 Pacific aye.; 2 blocks of
Grand station.
NEW modern 8-room house .on easy terms:
must be sold. Box 1455. Call office.
BK. KKLKI H_AL TATK. .
BIG bargain; large sunny corner lot; best
street: street work done; half cash: balance
realty or installments. F. B. E.. Oakland.
A HOME IN BERKELEY. .
WHY pay rent all your life and never own
your borne? Why not pay a little more than
rent and become your own landlord?
For particulars inquire of O. G. MAY &
CO.. 2123 Center St., Berkeley. /
ALTA PUNTA Tract again on the market: 1
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 3 miles j
north of Berkeley: lots and by acreage: look |
at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIGHT, ;
220 Sansome St.. S. F. ; j
J3SPO— NEW house of 7 rooms and bath: all i
modern Improvements: large lot: street work j
all done and near th? nniverdty. JOS. J. I
I I , 1
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room fiats from $1! to $17: no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath: water and
ash man free; Adeline station, Oakland: key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL. 1006
Broadway. . . -
OAkLA.>U HoisuH.fc:fc:n.tu KOUHS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: reasonable '22 1 Broadway.
HOiF>. TO KENT UNFCRXIrsIIED.
NEAR City Hal! on prominent corner, hotel of !
58 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters, i
churches, etc. ; rent reasonable to responsible j
party. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FIKMTIKU KOK S\LK.
FURNITURE— Good «nd cheap. H. 8< HELL-
HAAS' rid ttor*. 40* El»v»nr* «t "*» hi-
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. do not '•
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
' friendship; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
tern Loan Co.. rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without j
removal; no commission; no delays. J. .
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above I
Sixth; telephone South 14. , !
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- i
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 943 Market st. telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re- j
moval; money quick; confidential: no commis- 1
sion: lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6»4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3. j
BORROW mon?y at cut rates on diamonds and j
Jewelry. L. H. SCHARER. 22 Mason st.
ON furniture, pianos, w. or* "moval; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In !
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st. j
$50 TO $r.0,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st. .
FINANCIAL.
FORF.IGN and home capital to Invest. SYt-
VAIN SALOMON. brok»r SIS Monte -m»rv st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS Invited— proposals will be !
received for channel corrections on the San !
Joaquln River and Stockton Channel, San I
Joaquln County. California. The San Joaquin |
River work embraces channel corrections at |
proposed cut-offs Nos. 3 and 4. as shown 1 on,
sheet 3 of surveys on file in this office,
and to be made In accordance with plans and
specifications now on file In this office.
Bids will be received at the office until 1
o'clock p. m.. WEDNESDAY. November 2. ;
IS9S. at which time they will be publicly |
opened. bid must be accompanied by a certified
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check on some bank of good standing, payable
to the order of H. J. Corcoran, chairman of
the Auditing Board to the Commissioner of
Public Works of California. In the gum of '
two thousand ($2000) dollars, which check i
shall be forfeited to the State If the bid which |
such check accompanies is accepted and the
party making the bid shall refuse to enter i
Into a contract and execute a satisfactory
bond for the faithful performance of the con- !
tract awarded him. The right to reject any '
and all bids is reserved.
All bids must be directed to "Auditing j
Board, room No. 61, Capitol building, Sacra- |
mento, California." Indorsed "Proposals for
Channel Corrections San Joaquln River and
■Stockton Channel."
By order of the Auditing Board.
JOHN MARKLEY. Secretary.
Sacramento. October 5. IS9S.
PROPOSALS for Fresh Beef and Mutton-
Office Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
Oct. 11. IS9S. Sealed proposals for furnishing j
and delivering Fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at offices of Commissaries
at Alcatraz Island. Angel Island. Benicia
Barracks, Fort Mason. Presidio of San Fran-
cisco and San Diego Barracks, CaL, until 11
o'clock a. m., November 11, 1898, and then
opened. Information furnished -on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for Fresh Beef and
Mutton." and be addressed to undersigned or
to Commissary at pest to be supplied. S. F.
THORN. Major, Chief Commissary.
SEALED tenders will be received at the office
of the Minister Of the Interior to 12 o'clock
noon of Friday, November 25, 1898, for cast-
iron pipe and connections, to be delivered in
Honolulu for the Hawaiian Government.
Specifications at the Hawaiian Consulate, San
Francisco. The Minister does not bind him-
self to accept the lowest or any bid.
.lAS. A. KING. Minister of the Interior.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, Depart-
ment No. 7. ALBERT JAMES RICE,
plaintiff, vs. LUELLA MATILDA RICE, de-
fendant. No. 65.584. Action brought In the
Superior Court. City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, and the complaint
filed in said City and County of San Fran-
cisco In the office of the Clerk of said Super-
ior Court.' The people of the State of Cali- 1
fornia send greeting to LUELLA MATILDA
RICE, defendant. You are hereby required
to appear In an action brought against you by
trie above named plaintiff in the Superior
Court, City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, and to answer the com-
plaint filed therein within ten days (ex-
clusive of the day of service) after the service
on you of this summons, If served within this
county; or, if served elsewhere, within thirty
days. The said action is brought to obtain
a Judgment and decree of this court dissolv-
ing the bonds of matrimony now existing be-
tween plaintiff and defendant, upon the
ground of defendant's willful desertion, also
for general relief, as will more fully appear
In the complaint on file, to which special
reference Is hereby made. All of which will
more fully appear in the complaint on .file j
herein to which you are hereby referred. And :
you are hereby notified that if you fail to j
appear and answer the said complaint, as
above required, the said plaintiff will apply j
to the court for the relief therein demanded.
Given under my hand and seal of said Su- '
perior Court at the City and County of San j
Francisco, State of California, this 13th day 1
of October, in the year of our Lord, one i
thousand eight hundred and ninety-eight.
[Seal 1 C. F. CURRY. Clerk.
By N. E. MAISON, Deputy Clerk.
GEORGE WILLIAM HOLMES, Deceased— Pur- \
suant to the statute 22 and 23. Vie. cap. 35, j
notice Is hereby given that all creditors, next 1
of kin and other persons having any claims j
or demands against the estate of George Wil-
liam Holmes, late of 536 Third street. San *
Francisco, Cal. (who died on December 17. !
1897, Intestate, and letters of administration |
of whose estate were granted by the Principal j
Registry of the High Court of Justice in Eng- j
land to me on April 29, 1898). are hereby re- :
quired to send particulars thereof in writing
to Messrs. Cormac & Donohue & Baum of ,
119 Bush street. San Francisco. Cal.. on or I
before the 31st day of October. IS:iS, after .
which date I shall proceed to distribute the I
assets of the said ..deceased, having regard i
only to the claims of which I shall then have '
bad notice, and I will not be liable for the i
assets, or any part thereof, so distributed to !
any person of whose claim I shall not then
have had notice.
SYDNEY H. PEDDAR, Administrator.
. Palmerston buildings. Old Broad street, Lon- !
don. England. ; •
Dated this 2Sth day of September, 1898.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco. September
30. 1898. Notice— Certain goods remaining one
year in bonded warehouse will be sold at pub-
lic auction at the United States Appraiser's i
store on the 24th of October. 1898, at 11 o'clock
a. m. Descriptive catalogues can be had at
the Custom-house on October 17, or at time
and place of sale.
JOHN P. JACKSON. Collector.
TYPEWKITERS. .
ALL^G-pew^riters sold and rented: few partly
used for sale cheap; send tor samples: and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25; Caligraph, $15; Yost, $23;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery st. ,
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlons and want ads taken. .
\ UAKItIAUU laCKOlfltlfiS.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows!
Edwin P. Marks and Annie J. v Dermoty... 23-17
Michael Weimar and Mary Miller 32-22
Nels O. Ofelth and Carolina U. Segelstrom.34-2S
James G. Buddy and Anna M. Wall 26-21
Carl Easier and Artele Spaenlln 37-32
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH j.
Birth, marriage an death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication orfices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
HORN.
McSHANE— In Los Angeles. October 5. IS9B, to
the wife of T. C. McShane, a son.
MORRIS— In this city, October M. 189*. to the
wife of Max Morris, a daushter.
SMrTH— In this city, October 8, 1898, to the
wif? of S. Smith, a daughter.
WEULE— In this city, October 10, IS9S. to the
wife of Ernest L. Weule. a son.
MARRIED.
O'BRIEN— RILEY— In this city, October 12,
1898, by the Rev. Father Gleasnn of Ct. Rose's
Church. Chris J. O'Brien and Nellie V. Riley,
both of San franc . r-7-t>'<*
DIED.
Barrett, James Lanpe, Marie
Callanan. Edward J. McDonnell. Edward
Care, Susan Maier, Katharina
Deely, John Milne, John
Eckart. P. Anton Ostrowski. Frederick
Gainor, Thomas Russi, Frank
Gorman, Charles L. , Seiiz, John
Higel. Alois Smith. Edna J.
Jorgenson. Magnus Spencer. Anne
Juud. Lizzie G. Welch, Ellen - .
Kennedy, Annie White, Ma/fcthew
BARRETT— In the City and County Hospital,
October 13, 1898, James Barrett, a native of
Ireland, aged 58 years.
CALLANAN— In this city. October 14. 1898,
Edward Joseph, dearly beloved son of Rich-
ard and Catherine Callanan, a native of San .
Francisco, aged 4 years.
CARE— Oakland, October 13, I 8, Susan,
wife of Thomas Care, and mother of Min-
nie, Lena, Bessie and Richard Care, a native
of England, aged 41 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at I o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 820 Ninth street. Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
DEELY— In this city, October 13. lS r 'S. John
Joseph, dearly beloved son of John and Mar-
garet Deely. brother of Mary. Annie. Agnes,
Thomas. Francis, Margaret and the late Law-
rence Deely. and nephew of Thomas and
Lawrence Deely. a native of Boston. Mass.,
aged 15 years 4 months and 6 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 264 Parker avenue, off Point -
Lobos. thence to Holy Cross Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ECKART— In this city. October 13. IS9S. P. An-
ton, dearly beloved husband of Err ma Eck-
art. father of Willie A. F:ckart. son of John
and Elizabeth Eckart. and brother of Mrs.
J. McDonald and Emma and John Eckart of
Volcano, Amador County, and son-in-law of
John C. an Therese Lutz. a native of Vir-
ginia City, aged 35 years and 6 months. A
member of Farnsworth Lodge -<o. 95. I. O.
O. P.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 731 McAllister street, between Gough
and Octavia. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
GAINOR— In this city. October 13. 1888. Thomas
Gainer, a veteran of the Civil War, a native
of Ireland, aged 62 years.
< lE?'Frien(Ts and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'cl ck. from th? funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy Street In-
terment National Cemetery.
GORMAN— In this city. October 14, 1838, Charles
L beloved son of Michael and the late Mar-
garet Gorman, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 11 months and 8 days.
E^Fnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral |o-morrow
'< (Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2314^ Larkin street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
: HIGEL— In this city, October 14, 1898, Alois
Higel, beloved father of Mrs. Catharine
Howatt, a native of France aged 76 . years
and 10 months.
C_?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitfd to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from J. S. Godeau's
undertaking parlors, 305 Montgomery street,
thence to Odd Fellows' Hall.
JORGENSON— In this city, October 13, IS9S.
Magnus Jorgenson, a native of Denmark,
aged 45 years.
(CTRemains at the parlors of the Golden
Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mission
street, near Twenty;- '• s>
JUDD— In San Diego, October 8. IS9B. Lizzie
G beloved wife of Norris A. Judd. and
mother of W. P. Richmond, a native of Paw-
■ tucket, R. I.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from '.he First
Unitarian Church, Fourteenth and Castro
streets. Oakland, Cal. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery-
KENNEDY— In this city, October 14, IS9S. at
her residence, 2350 San Bruno road, Annie.
dearly beloved wife of the late Patrick H.
Kennedy, and mother of Mrs. P. J. McKenna
and Bessie. Anita and Violet Kennedy, a na-
tive of Dublin, Ireland, aged 43 years and 0
months. -": .'. :
Notice of funeral hereafter. . .
LANGE— In Germany, September 19, 1898,
Marie, beloved sister of the late P. N. Lange.
and sister-in-law of Mr?. Theresa Lange, a
native of Flensburg. Germany, aged 77 years.
MCDONNELL— In the City and County Hospi-
tal October 14. IS&S, Edward McDonnell, a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
MAIER— In this city, October 13. 1898. Kath-
arina Mater (nee Kruse). beloved sister of
Mrs. George Schultz and Maria Kruse. a na-
tive of Bremervorde. Hanover. Germany, aged
irirThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. George Schultz, 2430 Pine
street. Interment private.
MILNE— the City and County Hospital, Oc-
tober 14, IS9S. John Milne a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 4S years.
OSTROWSKI— In Napa, October 12. IS9S. Fred-
erick William Ostrowski, beloved brother of
Charles Ostrows'fi. a native of Germany,
aged 37 years 7 months and 26 days.
•iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square, thence to St. Boni-
face's Church, Golden Gate avenue, ' near
Jones street, for services, commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUSSI— At his residence. 20 Scott avenue, near
Silver avenue, San Bruno road. October 14.
lS^ Frank dearly beloved husband of Jose-
phine Russi. beloved father of Frank Jr. and
Joseph Russi, and brother of Felix Russi,
Mrs. John RegU. Agatha Russi, Mrs. Jacob
Hauler and George Russi. a native of An-
dermatt, Canton Uri, Switzerland, aged 47
years 11 months and 4 days, 't -f:. ! -
|r3"Notice of funeral hereafter.
SEITZ-In this city. October 13, 18DS. John
=!eltz beloved brother of the late Charles
Seitz^ and uncle of Fred Kuhn a native of
Baden, German- aged 60 years 3 months and
22 ilavs.
" C ■"'' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(<sundav) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
' H V Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
KlVnth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
<?MITH— In this city, October 14, 1895. Edna
*" Jessie eldest and beloved daughter of Jess©
M and Lizzie Smith, and sister of Walter
W Nellie F. and Jesse M, Smith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 6 years 3 months and
9 days. .
SPENCER— In this city. October 13, 1898, Anne,
widow of the late John Derby Spencer, a na-
tive of England, aged 91 years 2 months and
8 days. One of the first members of th»
Mariners' Church.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral services
this day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at the
Mariners' Church. Sacramento and Drumra
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WELCH— In this city. October 13, 1898, Ellen <
Welch dearly beloved mother of Mrs. L.
Albin and Mrs. P. Lynch, and grandmother
of Margaret. Kitty. Annie. Jerald and May
Lynch, a native of County Waterford, Ire-
land, aged 78 years. .v ';•;-."
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 >p' clock, from the resi-
d ence of her daughter, Mrs. L. Albin,
Twenty-second and Potrero avenues, thence
to St Peter's Church. Twenty-fourth and -
Alabama streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. .In-
' terment Holy Cross Cemetery-
WHITE— In this city, October 14. 1898 Mat-
thew husband of the late Ellen White, and
beloved father of Mrs. V. Kimball. Mrs H.
Moyce: Mrs W. Sabiira and Maggie and Mat-
thew White, and brother of Mrs. J. Golden
and Mrs. J. Mullaney, a native of Ireland,
aged 71 years.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 334 Union street. Interment Mount -'
; , Calvary Cemetery. /.' ~*yfi y
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. 3
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMUAX___B_J
110 FIFTH ST., op;. Lincoln Beao>l. v §
_ --<;"• Telephpn__j3_quth_jO 2 ________._
I 1 '
' . . '■•■■ >•: : - ■ " :■:■* v.'.'-r
1314
STOCKHOLDERS
INDORSE THE
MANAGEMENT
Valley Road Trustees Pass a Resolution of
Confidence in the Handling of the
Santa Fe Combination.
A Meeting to Consider the Letter of Mr. Doyle, Which
the Bulletin and Mr. Phelan Took as a Charge
of Betrayal— Phelan's Change of Heart.
That the action of the directors in the matter
under consideration meets the approval of the
trustees, as it is clearly in the interest of the stock
holders of the road and the people of California.
It Is a little over a week since the
Bulletin, with flaring headlines and
display type, printed as a charge of
betrayal a letter sent by John T. Doyle
to the directors of the Valley Road. Mr.
Doyle had been an ardent supporter
and stockholder of the road, and when
the proposition to form a combination
to complete transcontinental connec
tions was broached he embodied his
Ideas of the dangers to be avoided in
such a course In the letter the Bulletin
took such pleasure in distorting.
It was made to appear that Doyle
feared a betrayal of the stockholders.
a charge none hastened to deny more
than he, and that the idea was to turn j
the stock of the Valley Road over to ]
the Santa Fe without any guarantee j
that It would continue to be used in j
the cause which called the road Into ex- j
istence — an eternal war against exces- {
slve rates of transportation.
It was the natural course of the Bul
letin to heap vilification and abuse
upon the road, but it was somewhat |
unexpected when Mayor Phelan took I
up the bludgeon the Bulletin had re- i
gretfully laid down and proceeded to I
apply it to the people's road and its '
managers with all the vigor and much
of the venom of his conscienceless
predecessor.
To argrue with the Bulletin were use
less, and the directors knew It, but j
with Mr. Phelan a plain statement of !
the case might do some good if he could
only be persuaded to heft it, so a meet-
Ing of the trustees of the stockholders
was called yesterday to consider the
matter, and Mr. Phelan was present.
The whole plan was then discussed.
As soon as cars started over J.he Val
ley Road rates began to go down and
CHIEF LEES WAS NOT
M'VEY'S BACKER
HE WILL NOT STAND FOR HOS-
MER'S FAILURE.
The Chief's Advice Was -Against the
Delaware Man's Petition for a
Writ of Habeas Corpus.
Chief of Police Lees denied yesterday
that he was in any wise connected- with
the abortive attempt of Detective Mo-
Vey and Attorney John Hosmer, formerly
of this city, latterly of Delaware, to get
custody of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin through
a writ of habeas corpus from the Su
preme Court. In fact the Chief states
that when Hosmer approached him with
the scheme he advised against it, and
told Hosmer that while the present peti
tion of the defense was pending the Su
preme Court could n-ot legally consider
another.
"I don't know whether McVey got Hos
mer to go down there or not," said the
Chief yesterday, "but it is my Impres
sion that Hosmer made the application
on his own hook. He might have been
following- the suggestion that Governor
Build, made when he granted us that war
rant. Budd said that he would issue his
Warrant, but he wanted the Supreme
Court to pass upon the case before ft was
Used, and we agreed to get the court's
opinion if it could be done. George
Knight, however, did not stick to his
ment and take it to the Supreme
('•lurt, because be found out that we
would both have the right of appeal
from that tribunal. He threw it into
the Superior Court instead, and I
Suppose that it was for this reason
th;it Hosmer tried to get It before the
Supreme Court in Los Angeles. But it
didn't go, and I told him it wouldn't."
George Knight of the defense is of the
opinion that the prosecution has made
Its greatest mistake in allowing McVey
to make his application. "They found
put that the Supreme Court will not have
&nything to do with them." said Knight
k-esterday. "and thpy ought to have
known th.it before they paid Hosmer' 8
rar fare to Los Angeles. With our writ
pending here the court could not even
recognize them, and it did not. If the
trip did not do them any other good It
CRUSHED UNDER WHEELS.
Eddie Collins, a Bright Boy, Run Over and
Killed by a Sand Wagon While Piay
ing on the Street. His Father
Is With the Third Ar
tillery, Manila.
Eddie Collins, a bright boy four and a half years of age, was run over
and killed yesterday afternoon by a sand wagon driven by one of Warren
& Malley's teamsters. The boy lived at 1005 Francisco street, and was
playing on Leavenworth street, between Bay and Francisco, when the
wagon came along, knocking him down, the wheels passing over him.
The teamster drove on and left tho mangled body of the boy on the street!
An undertaker happened to be driving past at the time and he picked
up the boy and drove as fast aa he could to the Receiving Hospital. His
leg was fearfully crushed, and Drs. Thompson and Morrison performed
the operation of resection of the hip joint. The boy died a few minutes
after the operation. It was found that the wheels had also passed over
and crushed the abdomen. Before the body was sent to the Morgue the
boy'B mother, with a baby in her arms, called at the hospital, and her
grief was pitifv.l when she was informed that her boy was dead. She In
sisted upon seeing his body, and her cries were heartrending. What adds
to the sadness of the poor mother Is the fact that her husband is in Ma
nil i with the Third Artillery.
John Curry, who had charge of the team, was arrested last night and
charged with manslaughter. According to the statement he made to the
police he did not see the boy. He knew nothing 1 of the accident until some
time afterward, when he returned to the scene and was informed of what
had happened.
, they kept falling: as the rails reached
down the valley and until Bakersfleld,
the present terminus, was reached. It
has been of incalculable benefit to the
section It serves, but It can go no
further until Its field has been widened.
To do this it was decided to reach down
to Los Angeles and there connect with
the Santa Fe. a line with transconti
nental connections. This would make
the little road started as a protest
against Injustice and greed a power
from the East to San Francisco Bay.
The stockholders were asked to turn
their stock over to the trustees, accept
j ing in return a guarantee that within
three months if the combination had
! proved successful the shares they
turned In at $40 should be paid for at
| $100. All or nearly all complied with
I this preliminary step at once. In the
j meanwhile capitalists had taken hold of
the matter and surveyors were already
in the field laying out the extension on
i to Los Angeles.
It was a big undertaking: and an lm
[ portant one, and for that reason Mr.
i Doyle addressed the directors offering
■ such advice as he thought the occasion
demanded.
When the meeting was called to order
yesterday Mr. Phelan submitted a num
ber of questions which he had carefully
prepared, dealing with every phase of
the transfer, and these were taken up
and discussed and answered to the sat
isfaction of all, including Mr. Phelan
himself. The result of the session was
the submission of a resolution of confi
dence in the directors and indorsing the
plan which they are so ably carrying
out. This resolution was seconded by
Mr. Phelan. It is quoted above.
will show them just how their case
stands in the courts of this State. Lees
has not got a leg left to stand on un
less our petition for habeas corpus is de
nied, and he will not have a very «trone
one then." *
This Week's Wasp.
The current number of the Wasp Is fully up
to the high standard set by that enterprising
weekly. The comic Illustrations are bright, the
half-tones artistic and the cartoons each equal
to many columns of comment In throwing light
upon the political situation. There will be no
joy for either Ma^uire or Phelan in contempla
tion of them. The Wasp has secured the
services of John D. Lyman. a keen writer and
newspaper man of experience. The effect of
the work of Mr. Lyman can easily be dis
cerned and its presence adds much to the Wa«p
Mr. Lyman has more than a local reputation
and the character of his writing entitles him
to recognition.
Death of a Pioneer.
Israel Luce, a pioneer of Sacramento
died very suddenly in the latter city yes
terday morning. He was a brother-in
law of J. C. Stubbs, third vice president
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, and has two sons in the employ of
the same company— G. W. Luce, assist
ant general freight and passenger agent
at Los Angeles, and Charles S. Luce in
the freight department of this city. Both
of his sons leave for Sacramento" to-day
to attend the funeral.— *
A Depot for Dewey.
There was a meeting of the directors
of the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway Company yesterday. In
addition to the regular routine business
a contract was let for the construction
of a combined freight and passenger
depot at Dewey. The line from Visa Ha
was connected yesterday with the Han
ford line at Cochrane Junction.
All families order Mohns & Kaltenbach's
Mild Grape Wines and Atlas Bourbon. Lovely
5c wineß draw daily enormous crowds. 29 Mkt.
To Foreclose Water Bonds.
The Holland Trust Company of New
York entered suit yesterday in the Unit
ed States Circuit Court against tho City
Water Company of Santa Cruz and the
city of Santa Cruz to foreclose a mort
gage on water bonds of the value of $103 -
OuO, with interest amounting to $30,900.
THE SA]ST FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1898.
TALKED OF MILK AND BUTTER.
The California Dairymen's Convention Considers Questions of Great
Interest to Their Business — After the Trade
of the Orient.
THE annual convention of the Cali
fornia Dairy Association opened at
the Chamber of Commerce yester
day afternoon with each of forty
of the cow-grazing counties of the
State represented by Its best-informed
dairymen. First Vice President A. P.
Martin of Petaluma presided. He was
assisted by Second Vice President d<s
Long, Secretary S. E. Watson and
Treasurer W. H. Roussell, and, thanks
to their skillful management, the af
ternoon's work was accomplished with
out hitch or hindrance.
The afternoon programme was as
Interesting to the man who does not
understand the science of silos or bal
anced rations or the runnfng of a sep
arator as to the man who does. It
consisted solely of, the reading of a
number of interesting papers prepared
by men of the highest attainments in
the art of dairying, and based upon the
practical and costly experience of years
in the business.
One of the first and most note
worthy papers read during yesterday's
session was that of L. Y. Chlashi, a
dairyman of Tokio, Japan, and a
graduate of the dairy' school of Wis
consin University. In his paper Mr.
Chlashi emphasized the Importance of
adhering closely to the declared ob
ject of the Dairy Association— the per
fecting of the facilities for the making
of dairy products in California and the
fostering of an export trade.
In this connection he said:*
A growing demand for dairy products.
PERSECUTION
ALLEGED BY
MRS, SUTRO
Reason for the Filing
of a Suit.
HER HUSBAND'S CRUEL ACT
BEAT HER AND NOW WOULD
LEAVE HER PENNILESS.
His Action to Compel the Foreclosure
of a Mortgage the Culmination
of Much Unwarranted
Abuse.
If the allegations of Mrs. Henrietta L.
B. Sutro are true the action on the part
of her husband, Edgar E. Sutro, who
lately filed suit to compel the foreclosure
of a mortgage on property held in trust,
of which his wife is the beneficiary,. Is
without precedent in the legal annals
of this city, as it shows a husband en
deavoring to deprive his wife of means
of livelihood. Mrs. Sutro contends that
the suit, tiled by her husband. In which
she is joined as defendant with William
Crane Spencer, is simply the culmination
of abuse and persecution she has been
forced to endure for a number of years.
The case was partly heard before Judge
Hebbard yesterday, and at the present
stage of the proceedings Mrs. Sutro has
carried her points. As before stated Su
tro peeks to cftmpel the enforcement of
a mortgage for $8571 80, which, it is al
leged, he executed to Defenuant Spencer
on June 3, 1896. The plaintiff states that
his father, Adolph Sutro, deeded aome
valuable property to trustees for the
benefit of his wife and children. Edgar
Sutro, as one of the beneficiaries, mort
gaged his share of the property, held in
trust, to Spencer. Subsequently the
plaintiff deeded his reversionary rights
In the trust property to his wife for her
benefit and their minor son, A. G. Sutro.
Mrs. Sutro now refuses to recognize the
validity of the mortgage, and Spencer
declines to press his claim for payment.
Sutro prays the court to declare the
mortgage valid and to compel his wife to
recognize it. He avers that the interest
is accumulating at the rate of 8 per cent
per year, compounded monthly, and that
In the event the debt 1b not liquidated it
will soon consume the entire property.
In conclusion he asks that a receiver be
appointed to care for the property dur
ing the litigation and for a decree de
claring the mortgage valid and provid
ing for its foreclosure.
Subsequent to the filing of the suit an
order to show cause why a receiver
should not be appointed was served upon
the defendants. Yesterday proceedings
In court were inaugurated. A brie/ hear
ing resulted hi the court dissolving the
motion to show cause and denied the mo
tion to appoint a receiver. A demurrer
to the complaint was then filed by Mrs.
Sutro's attorney, and later a petition for
alimony was presented. The application
for alimony, which Is also Included In
such as butter, cheese and condensed milk,
in Japan, China. HawaM and other Orien
tal countries, makes dairying in California
one of the most Important of Its rural in
dustries, which fact should induce a very
careful attention by the people and Legis
lature of the State.
San Francisco is and will ever be the most
important point for the Oriental commerce,
especially so with dairy products, because
these products require quick transportation
and San Francisco has the best facilities
for this trade.
Treasurer W. H. Roussell read for
C. H. Sessions of Los Angeles a well
written paper on "Alfalfa as a Dairy-
Crop," In which. In reference to the
advisability of foods balanced with
the object of getting- the largest
amount of protein at the minimum of
expense, Mr. Sessions said:
A very good combination can be made by
feeding- alfalfa with the grain hays, green
or dry corn fodder, corn ensilage, beets and
pumpkins, and without buying grain.
At present we are feeding 20 pounds al
falfa hay, 4 pounds oat hay and 30 pounds
green corn fodder with good results. Thin
makes a ratio of 1:4.6. This gives us an
excess of protein, but as it is produced with
cheap feede it may be cheaper than to try
to balance it with more concentrated food,
such as cornmeal or barley.
Milk produced by alfalfa hay is of the
best quality, being well up in solids and
butter fats. Green alfalfa, either pastured
or fed in an uncured state, while making a
good milk, gives it an objectionable flavor
which most people dUUke.
AVhile agreeing with Mr. Sessions
that green alfalfa hay Imparted an
undesirable taste and odor to milk,
R. G. Sneath of the Consumers' Ice
and Jersey Farm Dairy said he had
found it possible to eradicate this
drawback by a simple system of
aeration.
the answer, resulted in a continuance of
the case, as Judge Hebbard wished to
look into the law bearing upon the point
raised in the application.
Mrs. Sutro, in her answer, states that
her husband is a young man of good
physique and physically Bound and able
to earn a good living by his labor, but
that he does not choose to labor and sup
port her. On March 1, 1596, young Sutro,
it is alleged, willfully and without cause
abandoned and deserted his wife and
child and has since lived apart from
them. By preference, avers Mrs. Sutro,
her husband has "habitually spent his
time and money in the company and bo
ciety of lewd and dissolute persons, both
male and female." To further show the
incentive which prompted Sutro to file
the suit to take the property from her
hands Mrs. Sutro alleges that on May 11
her husband brutally assaulted her. He
struck and abused her and left the marks
of his fists upon her body. Many times
prior to the date mentioned Mrs. Sutro
says her husband assaulted her in a cruel
and brutal manner. Not content with
this abuse he now seeks to deprive her of
her sole means of support. . Mrs. Sutro
further states that she has always con
ducted herself with kindness toward her
husband and always had and still enjoys
the confidence and respect of her hus
band's family and of his father and
mother during their lifetime.
In conclusion Mrs. Sutro asks that the
court make an order compelling her hus
' band to pay into her hands sufficient
funds to enable her to defend the action
filed against her. She states in her de
murrer that her husband has no legal |
right to attempt to deprive her of her
sole means of support. If he has she asks
that he be made to bear the expense of
the trial. She contends that he has not,
however, and asks that the mortgage
be declared invalid and no lien upon the
trust estate in her hands.
' ■ » .
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY t»
recommended by physicians "for .family, and
medicinal use because It Is pure. .
RECOGNIZED HIS CLOTHES.
A Bold Thief 'Arrested Through - the
■■''.I '■■.'. Man He Robbed.
George Galvin, a young man who Is
well known to the police, was arrested
last night and charged with burglary.
About a week ago Galvin entered a ; room
In a private lodging house at 425 O'Far
rell street and stole a suit of clothes, a
rifle and a pair of shoes belonging to J.
Shank. He took off his old shoes and re
placed them with the ones he found in
the room, j Last evening Shank saw Gal
vin walking along Market street, and rec- i
ognizing the suit he wore as tl)e one that
had been stolen from him, he summoned
Sergeant Gorman, who placed the suspect
under arrest. At the City Prison he .was
positively identified by two women who
met him as he was leaving the* house, af
ter having- robbed Shank's room.
Detectives Gibson and Egan are well ac
quainted with the prisoner. About a month
ago they arrested "him and another man
named Haney for burglary committed in
Oakland. Haney was neld to answer for
the crime, but Galvin succeeded in having
the charge against him dismissed.
—m■ m «
The champion oarsmen of .; all the bay
clubs will be at Lake Bohemia Sunday,
October 16. Round trip, $1. Leave Tib
uron ferry 8 a. m. A •
The Circus Is in Town.
Now is the chance for the youngsters.
Wallace's great circus is in the city, and
to-night at Central Park the opening
performance will be given. This after
noon a glittering pageant will pass
through the main streets of the city. The
parade will leave Central Park about 2
p. m. and pass down Market street to
California: thence to Montgomery street
to Montgomery avenue, to Kearny, to
Post street, to Powell, to Ellis. -to Tay
lor, to Turk, to Jones, to Golden Gate
avenue, to Van Ness avenue; thence to
Market street, back to Central Park. The
doora open at 7 o'clock, and a symphony
concert will be given preceding the enter
tainment.
The fac-simile ST? ff**, <*** to on ""I *»ppe*
signature of Z&La&jff&Z&44& of GASTO&IA.
Mr. Sneath also read an interesting
paper on "Refrigeration," in which
he gave to his hearers much practi
cal advice upon his subject, upon
which he is an expert.
Among the other papers read was
one on the "Question of Creamery
Wages." by Jules Jorgens. W. H.
Roussell dealt entertainingly with
"Dairying in California From "a Birds
eye View," and Professor E. J. Wick
son of the University of California
dealt with "Our Opportunity for Dairji
Exports."
A letter from Secretary of Agricul
ture Wilson was read, asking Secre
tary Sam Watson to ascertain for the
department what refrigerator facili
ties were available on this coast and
on trans-Pacific boats. Henry E. Al
vord, chief of the dairy division, alsc
communicated with Mr. Watson, say
ing that the department wished to ex
tend to the Pacific Coast the experi
ments that it is making with export
shipments of dairy products, and ask
ing that a report of facilities be ren
dered.
To-day at 10 o'clcok the executive
business of the convention will be be
gun, and in the afternoon reports of
the different committees will be con
sidered.
An additional lot of delegates ar
rived last evening, and to-day's meet-
Ing, it Is expected, will be a lively one.
NORSES UP IN
ARMS AGAINST
JUDGE TROUTT
"Cessie" Kelly Taken
From Them.
HER GRANDMOTHER WINS
AWARDED THE CUSTODY OF THE
PRETTY CHILD.
With Tearful Faces They Listen to
the Verdict of the Court De
priving Them of Their
Pet.
The nurses of the City and County Hos
pital are up In arms against Judge
Troutt. They consider that he did wrong
In awarding Mary Francis Cleveland
Kelly, the "sunshine of the hospital." as
the nurses affectionately refer to her, to
Mrs. Kelly, her grandmother. The mother
of the child is a cripple. On account of
her physical deformity the doctors at the
hospital had to resort to the Caesarian
operation in order to remove the child.
This was about a year ago. The nurses
became greatly attached to the baby, and
concluded to adopt it. .
To their surprise yesterday they were
served with a notice to produce the in
fant in Judge Troutt's court, as Mrs.
Kelly, the grandmother, had sued out a
writ for the purpose of getting possession
of her daughter's offspring. In obedience
to the writ Miss Kane, acting head nurse
at the hospital, appeared in court with
the child in her arms.
After listening to the statement of Mrs.
Kelly Judge Troutt ordered the child
given to her grandmother. With much re
luctance Miss Kane handed the baby to
Mrs. Kelly, who at once left the court
room.
"I think it is a shame," remarked one
of the nurses last night, "that Judge
Troutt should see fit to deprive us of the
little treasure. We were all greatly at
tached to the baby, and intended to rear
it as if it were one of our own. Only re
cently we had an offer from a wealthy
man of Carson City to adopt the child.
We could not part with it, and so de
clined to accept his offer. After all our
trouble this woman appears on the scene
and succeeds in getting possession of our
little darling.
"If we had known that Mrs. Kellv was
after the baby we would have made a
bitter fight to retain possession of it As
it was Miss Kane went into court not
knowing that little 'Cessie,' as we' call
her, was to be taken away from us
Judge Troutt merely heard Mrs. Kelly's
story and then awarded her the custody
of the child."
On learning that "Cessie" had been
taken away from them many of the
nurses shed tears, so attached were they
to the child.
:^ ADVERTISEMENTS. %
"the store mother likes." Bruck's Boston orchestra to-day.
grand afternoon -concert 2 to s— come, listen, look around;
use the par/or, use nurse for baby; take a promenade; we
want you to have a better opinion of Hole's than ever! Get
the little finishing touches you want for Sunday. Remember,
we close at 6 o'clock Saturdays.
ribbon sale to-day
4000 yards of our best quality all pure silk Moire and plain taf-
feta ribbons, 35 rich shades, all full widths.
We mean just what we say— the best ribbon we have in the store,
buy as much as you wish as long as it lasts. This is the price :
N0.22 2M i h " 15c yd. N0.40 3 *i hes 16 23c2 3 c yd.
1 A' • if"s>fc la /Hoc*
/tgf^ ladies' jTV ladies'
/^f^ jackets: /f^9 , neckwear:
A^^f in tan whipcord k|* *~P the new Hussar
Rb ■HL^ 4 " button • box ilkld? revere and stock,
, (J^Sl^-v?"^ front, satin lined, -r^&i^fSS* of Japanese silk,
•w! / tailor finished J&&^s3i^!b ed ed with IK-
4^^gf throughout, V^ ))| I ' ncn rows of '
*^^^s\^~) sleeves, with IBlkv y^iIBL pleating in same
l''^^^^""^*^ darts, fitting per- W&^MvE^Ji material, trimmed
I \V^ 3 fectly, sizes 32 to Wfi with No. 1 black
I /£?L t 40 $13.50 velvet ribbon,
\ / \k ■ <i| ladies' queen iflH^nafjW comes in black,
V K. ,^ i 1 jackets, of kersey, Jjffw&l*, ~y navy, red and
\ VSk ■ \ I box front, lined ''0/.!M^^m\ pink, also canary
" 1 I with silk serge, >r " and white
C CD I *3i handsomely $2.25 each
<T^f-? braided with silk ladies' hosiery:
'I ** "T soutache braid, A^Uieb flOSiery.
inlaid velvet collar, silk lined through- of fine maco cotton Hermsdorf dye,
cut sizes 34 to 38 (see illustra- high spliced heels, double soles and
tion) $16.75 toes • P air 16^e
also of black fine maco cotton,
DlillinePV* Richelieu and Rembrandt ribbed,
•*:* . Hermsdorf dye, spliced heels and
:we show to-day an elegant hne of toes pair 25c
trimmed hats for children....sl.so black is!e hose> fine qua | high
..' for ladies' trimmed felt turbans, in spliced heels, double soles and
black and colors. $4.50 toes pair 250
short backed fur felt sailors, clef f a "cy lisle hose, fine quality, Riche-
gantly trimmed in velvet, ribbon ribbed, Hermsdorf dye, black
ponpons and ornaments $4.75 £ 00 s - stn P ed to P s '. s P^ ed
r r » heels and toes pair 33^aC
fine velvet turbans, trimmed in fancy f ancy cot ton hose, dark ground in
ponpons, ornaments and ribbons... f ancy stripes and checks, high
♦ ~..W.... $5.00 spliced heels.doubie toes..pair SS^e
Our millinery salon makes an ex- trloV6S *
hibit of hats-from Paris and New 6 •
York, others made here-the pr.ce shou|d n| the J J°*
rom $5 to whatever figure your * *
fancy may lead you^ We shall be good P expansion across the kn J k^
admire for you to mspect and piits it P We pay attention. to such
points as these, and believe that in
CPJlcnTlJlhlp cillrc • our $*■ S love ar id ihthe Hte. Jouvin
seasonaoie SIIKS . French glove, at $1.50, we have
fancy silks, 19 inches wide, combi- the two best gloves possible for
nations of cerise, browns, cardinals, the money.
emeralds, tans, blues, garnets with r?nrr'©ctir>e •
black stripes, regularly retails at 75c i *«""e&LU,& .
per yard, a heavy purchase enables 10 ° dozen damask napkins, X size,
us to offer these at... 59e ail .linen, woven selvage, per
rich new taffetas, colored, either in " ■" $1.26
plain or changeable, 19 and 20 40 dozen damask towels, size 22x42
- inches wide, well worthy prompt inch es. knotted fringe, colored bor-
inspection .'. yard 70c ders ' absolutely worth 25c each.. 19e
6 cases comforters, in figured silko-
yj^ VeilillfifS I line ' covered / wool knotted, figured
/SSUwh o • -r b °tn sides, large and fluffy^..sl. fin
J g^^L Russian net, Tux- . _ s .•- J-t °"
:''-': ''-'. :^% edo and fishnet veiling's :
§ -plain and chenille line ' coverecl^ wo °' knotted, figured
. ° both sides, large and fluffy....sl fin
Russian net, Tux- . j—-«pi.ou
edo and fishnet &$, Veiling's :
'* meshes, both in TVjKjßi'^Lglt the latest Eastern
-plain and chenille <mMN&&&fflBk fads — is made of
Y '<*vi^^P^r ar 6 extremely some embroid-
OjgjJiJ we off|r the latest black, navy, tan,
at 50c, 65e and . »^!^ i^'^^^ brown and gray
75eyard. /sr^^nMilHlii ' -35e yard
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St.
Fine
Half Tones
of
Stanford
- and
Olympic
Football
Teams
in To=day's
News Letter.
I GOOD COOKS 1
I HAVE USED I* I
j EORSQ YEARS |
B AND J*-*J
K.PERFECTLYPURE^p I
, ONCE TRIED !
j^_AUOWSUSEDj
Chauche & Bon's Sau-
terne served with full
course French Dinner to-
morrow. $i.
Spreckels Rotlsserle. 15th Floor. Call building.
.\ ' ; : i ■ ~ "377^-
OOOOOOOO9OOOOOOOOQ
t rJ!f PALACE wj
%GRAND»mMkM%
o BAM FRANCIBCO. T
i? ■ Connected by a covered passageway. "
° 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. «
O All Under One Management. O
O NOT* THE PHI0E8: A
m. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward X
V American P1an. 93.00 per day and upward 01 1
0 Correspondence Solicited. ' ' n
q JOHN 0. KIBKFATKICI, Mtntgar. >
Q.QOOQ O Q Q OOfILQ
NOTICE!
Taxes Bne Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. STATE OF
California. Sacramento, October 12, 18SS.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
366S of the Political Code, notice is hereby
given -"that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Du-
plicate Record of Apportionment of Railway
Assessments," containing the assessments
upon the property of each of the following-
named associations or corporations as fixed
by the said State Board of Equalisation for
the year 1593. to wit:"
California Pacific Railroad Company, Central
Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Califor-
nia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company
'San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Ra-iroad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco, and San Joaquin Valley Railway,
Company, , Nevada County Narrow Gauge
Railroad Company, Carson and Colorado
• Railroad Company, Nevada-Callfornla-Oregon
Railway Company, Pajaro Valley Consoli-
dated Railroad Company, Pacific Coast Rail-
way ComDany. Alameda and San Joaquin
Railroad Company, Gualala River Railroad
Company, California and Nevada Railroad
Company. Sierra Railway Company of Call- '
fornia, Sierra Valleys Railway Com, any, San
•Francisco and " San Mateo Electric Railway
Company , and Pullman's Palace Car Com-
pany.
The State and County taxes on all personal
property, and one-half of the State and-
county taxes on all real property, are now
due and payable and will be delinquent on
the last Monday in November next at six
o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the State
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, five
per cent will be added to amount thereof
and unless so paid on or before the last Mon-
day in April next, at six o c»ock p. m., an
additional five per cent will be added to the
amount thereof.
The. remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and
payable after the first Monday in Janu-
ary next, and will be delinquent on the
last Monday in April next at six o'clock
p. m.. and unless paid to v the State
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, five
per cent will be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLOAN. State Controller.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. A. MCDONALD,
813 FOLSOM STUEET,
Telephone South 24. - 1
Dealer and Importer of all brands o? COKE
Yards at HOWARD AND BEALE STS.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
§mP^^egk '"• can be restored to you. The very
af?.°l 3> n° T , JD T 1 l S^ AIR !Do "otSuf-
r r Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
Th-T^'t'T" of X «" o «« Beblllty ate
A~ i *^7; S i Te prompt relief to in-
somnia, tailing memory and thewasite
#T r&riiaS £,h.. V? r v ' tal Powers, incurred by
' L/^gfepSr indiscretions or excesses of early years.
♦!„„ b*..~~ impart Tig or and potency to every func-
t L n V. Bra S < ? nptho "'' stom - OiT » >«£s^ bloom to the
cheeta and lustre to the eyed of /^SyounsorokL
One Me box renew, vital energy. fOl IJe boxes at
•H»*c°mpleteinarant* P deureW^or "'
funded. Can be carried in vest A *«* iy pocke" "old
Srt^v'TVpPn',^ 11 ,? 1 * 111 "rapper 5n receipt oC
price by THE FEKFECTO a)., Caxtea Bldf., Oiltuffo, 111.
Sold by Owl Drue Co., Ban Fran, aod OakUa*.