The San Francisco Call
VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 53.
REPORTED ATTACK ON SPANIARDS
GOING IN TO SURRENDER
TREACHERY
CHARGED TO
GEN. GARCIA
■ . . . - ..-
His Army Said to Have
Ambushed Prisoners
of War.
Though TaK^O ky Surprise, the
Spanish F orce Succeeds in In
flicting h^vy Loss.
Special Cable to The Call and the »tt Yorlt Herald. Copyrighted, 180S,
bj- James Gordon Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 21, by the Call-
Herald dispatch boat to Port Antonio, Jamaica,
July 22.— Great excitement was caused in San
tiago to-day by a story brought in by Cubans to
the effect that 4000 Cuban insurgents,
comprising General Garcia's army of the east
ern department of Cuba, have been routed in a
fierce engagement with a detachment of Spanish
ops bound for Santiago to surrender. In this
battle, which is reported to have taken place at
a point several miles to the north of this city,
forty-one Cubans were killed and many more
w^ere wounded. The Spanish loss, I am in
formed, was much smaller. I was unable to
verify the story and give it as the army here
heard it.
Nothing happening in this vicinity recently has taken the
American "officers and troops so completely by surprise as this
reported battle between Cubans and Spaniards. Our troops had
come to look upon the insurgents as eaters rather than as fight
ers, and they scarcely believed that Garcia's men had laid an
ush and had opened the fight by attacking the Spanish
troops.
I have been unable to learn as yet whether General Garcia
was aware of the number of the enemy he was attacking. If he
rht he had encountered a small force of Spaniards t and
overpower them easily it was a grave mistake. There
: at least 5000 Spaniards in the body, according to the ac
•unt. and they drove Garcia's men into full retreat a few hours
after the battle began.
This defeat of the insurgents, if the report is true, is the first
il Garcia's petulant disagreement with General
h after and of his decision to no longer co-operate with the
American forces. When the Cuban general withdrew his troops
to the mountains, as already has been told in these dispatches,
he resolved to move on to Holguin, about sixty miles to the
northwest of this city. If the Americans would not allow them
to wreak vengeance on the Spaniards in Santiago, the Cubans
proposed to storm some other important place and take posses
sion of it on their own account.
It was with this object in view that General Garcia withdrew
his troops from the American lines and refused longer to act as
an ally of General Shafter. He decided to capture Holguin, if
possible, and to there set up an insurgent government, making
that place Cuban headquarters for the eastern department.
It is not related how far to the northwest of Santiago
General Garcia's army had proceeded upon this mission when
the Spanish troops were encountered. They had been march
ing for many hours, however, and must have been well started
on their journey.
I am told it is a question as to which were the most sur
prised, the Cubans or the Spaniards, when the two bodies of
troops met on the road between Santiago and Holguin.
The Spaniards had been gathered from fortified towns in
the vicinity and were proceeding to Santiago under the terms of
surrender agreed upon by General Toral. They were seeking
to carry out in good faith the agreement made with General
Shafter. They were not looking for a fight and were caught off
their guard.
General Garcia ordered his men to form so they would be
concealed in the chaparral, hoping to annihilate the first sections
of the Spanish troops. His plans were promptly put into execu
tion, but the Spaniards, quickly recovering from the demoraliza
tion caused by the opening shots, fought fiercely, and General
Garcia's ambuscade was a failure.
Although unsuccessful in his plan to entrap the Spanish,
General Garcia sent word to them demanding that they surren
der forthwith. To this demand the Spanish commander re
turned an emphatic refusal.
"General Toral," he notified General Garcia, "has surren
dered to the American army, not to Cubans."
Despite the information that these Spanish troops were part
of those included in General Toral's surrender, General Garcia
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
THE OMERICON ARMY MOVING ON MANILA.
Birdseye View of tbe Vicinity of Manila and Cavite Showing trje Landing of the American Troops Above and Below the
City, With; tbe First California Regin>ei>t in tbe Advance, and the Positions of Admiral Dewey's Squadron, tbe
Foreign War Vessels, Merchantmen, etc.
SECOND EXPEDITION LANDS
TWO MILES FROM MANILA
thereupon ordered his troops to prepare to fight. The Cubans
quickly took the positions to which they had been assigned, and
the order to fire was passed along the line.
General Garcia had decided to attempt to carry the Spanish
position by assault, and his troops pressed forward when the
word was given. Their progress was firmly resisted at every
point by the Spaniards, who, after several hours' fighting, put
the Cubans to rout with the loss of forty-one killed and many
wounded. The Spanish suffered smaller loss.
This battle, with its disastrous results, has greatly excited
the Cubans. They are demanding vengeance and cannot, under
stand why the Americans do not annihilate their Spanish pris
oners of war.
General Garcia, prior to this reported exploit, had been caus
ing great trouble for General Shafter, the American commander
having been met at every point by the Cubans with claims for
precedence. All the Cubans violently opposed the terms upon
which General Toral surrendered to General Shafter. These
terms were dictated by General Shafter,. but the Cubans ever
since the city formally surrendered last Sunday have done
everything in their power to render the carrying out of the
terms difficult or impossible.
This reported exploit of Garcia in attacking a detachment of
American prisoners of war is regarded here as characteristic. It
is in line with the course he has pursued ever since he discov
ered that he was powerless to interfere with General Shafter's
plans about the Government of Santiago and the treatment of
the Spanish troops who had surrendered.
NO CONFIRMATION
AT WASHINGTON
NEW YORK, July 22.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs
the following: No official confirmation
has been received here of the report
that General Garcia attacked a body
of Spanish troops on their way to sur
render to General Shafter under the
terms of capitulation agreed upon with
General Toral.
Such action on the part of the Cuban
commander would be so totally foreign
to all usages of civilized warfare that
the authorities here are reluctant to
believe the report, and should it be con
firmed it would bring about a total
change in the relations between the
American forces and General Garcia, if
not between them and all the Cuban
insurgents on the island.
Even though General Garcia's course
should be disavowed by General Gomez
and other Cuban leaders, the American
commanders would not be able to re
pose confidence in them aga£.
If Generar Garcia has taken any such
action he has greatly damaged his
cause and that of all Cubans in the
eyes of the administration and has
Justified General Shafter in neglecting
to consult him as to the surrender of
Hantton-O.
COLONEL WOOD NOW
MILITARY GOVERNOR
Succeeds General McKibbin as Chief
in Authority in Captured
Santiago.
PLATA DEL ESTE, Cuba, July 22.—
General Wood of the Rough Riders was
appointed Military Governor of Santiago
de Cuba yesterday, succeeding General
McKibbin. who returns to his old duty,
and who Is on the sick list. Squads of
natives were sent to-day to clean the
streets and bury the dogs and horses
whose remains have been lying about for
days and weeks. Other steps to improve
the sanitary condition of the city are
being taken.
NEW CABINET FORMED
IN PORTO RICO
MADRID, July 22.— A dispatch from San
Juan de Porto Rico says a new Insular
Cabinet has been formed under the pres
idency of Senor Nunez Riviera.
FAILED TO ""MUSTEK IN.
Siz Californians Get Cold Feet and
Skip From Carson.
CARSON, July 22.— Six members of
Company A failed to muster In to-day,
having skipped out. All of them came
from California originally.
FIRST CALIFORNIA TROOPS
ENCAMPED AT PARONOQUE
Surgeoos Called Upon to Care for Wouoded Insur
geQts, Many of Aguintaldo's Men palling in
fJttacKs oo tbe Outposts.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808, by Jamei Gordon Bennett.
MANILA BAY, July 19, via Hongkong, July 22. — The disembarkation of the second
expedition of American troops from the transports is fairly under way to-day. ' The troops are
being landed at Paranaque, two miles south of Manila. The Boston and Callao have moved
across the bay to a point as close to the shore as they can go, and are covering the landing of
the troops with their guns.
It is strongly suspected the presence of the warships is intended to influence the rebels
more than the Spaniards, as there have been serious disagreements between General Anderson
and Aguinaldo. Although the rebels still are nominally friendly toward the American troops, I
have seen enough of their spirit to make me doubtful of their attitude toward us. in the near fu
ture.
The voyage of the second ex
pedition of American troops was
without any incident of impor
tance after leaving Honolulu, ex
cept the stop at Wake Island, on
July 4, to hoist the American
flag.
General Anderson and General
Greene early this morning went
to Paranaque in a launch from
the- Olympia. They examined
sites for the First California Reg
iment. After selecting a spot for
the camp and when the troops
were arriving the generals recon
noitered along the Spanish lines
at Malate, where a hot fight was
in progress.
The rebels evidently were los
ing more men than usual, for the
wounded have begun to pour
into our lines for treatment. Our
surgeons have established a tem
porary hospital under a large
mango tree, where several seri
ous operations have been per
formed.
The wounds of the rebels were
made by Mauser rifle bullets and
are very clean and merciful. Out
of a dozen severely wounded men
who were brought in while I was
there none had bones badly shat
tered. One captain was shot in
the left side just above the hip,
but he probably will recover. A
very young man was struck on
the left cheek and the bullet
lodged in his head. He also
probably will recover, though he
walked a half mile in the burning
sun to camp.
Arm and body wounds gener
ally do not prevent the victims
from walking to the hospitals. In
very serious cases the wounded
are carried in canvas hammocks
attached to a bamboo pole which
is borne by two men.
After leaving camp the launch
passed along the water front,
passing so close to the Spanish
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
docks that the soldiers could eas
ily have killed all of us with one
volley. Lieutenant Calkins, who
was in charge of the boat, headed
up the beach, expecting the gen
erals would tell him when they
had seen enough. But the army
officers were evidently unwilling
to change the boat's course as
long as the naval officer se
lected it.
The Spaniards watched us cur
iously. Twice squads of solcUers
came from behind the sancroag
works into full view, as if to fire,
but finally we passed close under
their guns without drawing a sin
gle shot. As we approached the
famous Lunetta batter)-, where
the Krupp guns are mounted,
General Anderson said that a half
mile out was close enough to it.
This battery was examined
through glasses, and then the
launch returned to Cavite.
The fighting around Manila2
has been more serious during the
last three days than at any time
heretofore. The Spaniards have
a strong outpost at Santa Ana,
cast of the city, which is now al
most cut off from the main lines.
If the rebels can carry this post
i hey will have the whole city in
vested. The fighting there is
likely to continue several days
longer. There was a continuous
fusillade all around Manila on
Saturday and Sunday morning,
but the Spanish and rebels
hugged their trenches and little
damage was done.
The Spanish loss at Santa Ana
was between twenty and thirty:
at Malate, five, and at Baliebalic,
eight to ten. The rebel loss prob
ably was heavier, as the Span
iards, when they retired from Ba
liebalic on the north side of the
city, found the bodies of twenty
rebels close up to the Spanish
trenches.
The Spaniards still maintain
their outposts at Malate, Singa
lon, Santa Ana, Santa Mesa. Ba
liebalic and Gagalanguin. Sev
eral citizens were killed and
wounded at Malate by the rebel
artillery. One projectile struck
the cable company's house; an
other just missed the English
clubhouse. The rebels have ta
ken the blockhouse at Morypago
at the north end of the town,
greatly weakening the Spanish
position.
The Spaniards are throwing' up
earthworks into which to retire.
Their troops do twenty-four
hours' trench duty. Within three
week? it will all be over.
Five hundred men have gone
into the hospital with fever. The
hospitals are overcrowded, but
they are clean and well arranged
and amply supplied with sur
geons. Skilled English naval
doctors, who were invited to wit
ness some of the difficult surgi
cal operations, have reported fa
vorably on the work they wit
nessed.
The health of the naval crews
is excellent.
The Japanese cruiser Manila
has just arrived, bringing news of
Admiral Sampson's great victory.
As the signal went up on the flag
ship the seamen on all the vessels
in the harbor gave rousing
cheers. Their ardor was tem
pered only by the news that Ad
miral Camara was not coming to
Manila.
A curious accident is reported
from one of the outposts. An ar
tilleryman was loading a field
piece with a 4-inch shell when a
rebel bullet struck the shell, ig
niting the fuse. The shell ex
ploded and the gunner's head,
arms and face were shattered and
his legs terribly injured. He is
still alive, and the English sur
geon says he may survive.
The insurgents under General
Xoral have turned the left flank
of the Spanish defenses at Malate
and they now say they have a
firm grip on that place. The
Spanish still hold Malate arsenal,
which Xoral threatens with two
13-inch smooth bores. The
rebels are also strongly en
trenched at Santa Ana. The
Spanish have burned off the
brush and native huts, and any
advance into Malate must be
made under a heavy fire. When
I was on the beach within a mile
of Manila on Thursday, b.etween
the lines, I could see the positions
of both forces. Heavy firing has
taken place every day since, and
on Thursday it was particularly
heavy.
The insurgents to-day evident
ly are trying to drive the Spanish
from Malate and execute a final
flank movement on the farther
side of the city, but the Filliponos
will hardly be able to drive the
Spanish from their trenches.
The stories told by Spanish
prisoners make it evident that
little resistance will be made to
the Americans.
Three insurgent barges, on
ivhich were mounted four smooth
bores and one Armstrong gun,
were towed close to the shore in
front of Manila, and the rebels be
gan a heavy fire, the Spanish re
plying from the shore batteries.
Aguinaldo is permanently es
tablished at Bacor. one battalion
of American troops thus being
placed between him and Manila.
It is probable that the land at
tack upon Manila will be made
from Malibon, that side of the
NEGOTIATIONS
FOR PEACE
IN PROGRESS
Premier Sagasta the Authority
for the Important State
ment.
Minister of Public Instruction Gamazo Makes a
Most Significant Utterance on the
Subject.
LONDON, July 22.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Mail says:
Penur Sagasta told a representative of
El Imparclal to-day (Friday) that the
Government had already entered upon
the preliminary stage of peace negotia
tions. General Polavieja has arrived
and will have an audience with the
Queen Regent to-morrow.
MADRID, July 22, S a. m.— The Min
ister of Public Instruction, Senor Ga
mazo, is authority for the state
ment that peace, honorable to the
Spanish army, will shortly be con
cluded.
In an interview in the Correspon
dencia Militar, the organ of the army,
Senor Gamazo is quoted as saying:
"The suspension of constitutional lib
erty cannot be agreeable to the press,
because It abrogates freedom and pre
vents the publication of news which
costs much. But at this moment what
can the Government do but check the
hostile campaign waged against it? I
was the first to beg the Cabinet to
treat the question as urgent, and I do
not regret my action. I will say from
my seat in Parliament that I am con
vinced that I did a service to my
country.
"At the same time I can give you
news which will please the press. The
suspension of the constitution will not
last long, for several reasons. One of
them is the calmness displayed by the
people and the army. It is not for me
to conceal the intentions of the Govern
ment, which are to conclude an honor
able peace, which will, in the first
place, satisfy the aspirations of the
army. After then, if Senor Sagasta
should think fit. he will ask the Queen
Regent if she still has confidence in her
present advisers."
LONDON, July 22.— The statement
made by Senor Gamazo, the Spanish
Minister of Public Instruction, to the
effect that peace, honorable to the Span
ish army, will shortly be concluded,
Is regarded in I^ondon more as an indi
cation of personal opinion or hope than
as reflecting any general decision of
the Cabinet. Nothing showing any
move in the direction of peace has been
received here from any quarter likely
country in front of Malate being
little adapted to the movement of
troops. One thousand insurgents
left here yesterday. It was re
ported they would go to Cama
rinos Island and capture a Span
ish force there.
Three Spanish prisoners cap
tured at Guam have offered to en
list in the American artillery.
CABINET DISCUSSES
MANILA SITUATION
WASHINGTON, July 22.— There were
several events of interest, if not of im
portance, at the War and Navy de
partments to-day.
General Anderson at Cavite sent a
message saying that Aguinaldo had de
clared a dictatorship and martial law
over the Philippines, something that
gave the Cabinet food for consideration
at its regular meeting to-day. There
was no disposition to force any issue
with the insurgent chief at this time,
but it is pretty well understood that
he will not be allowed to commit the
United States Government in the fu
ture treatment of the Philippines ques
tion.
The visit of the German Embassador
to the President and the Secretary of
State was a basis for the belief that he
had called to make some representation
on the subject, and perhaps as well on
the question of peace as aftected by
the programme laid down by Watson's
projected voyage to European waters.
If so no official confirmation was ob
tainable, and "a friendly visit" was
the only explanation offered by Secre
tary Day for the appearance of the
German Embassador in the dogdays in
Washington. The embassy people were
no more communicative, so if anything
of importance passed during the meet
ing between the President and Dr. Yon
Holleben it probably will be revealed
only in the shape of action later on.
AGUINALDO CERTAIN
TO CAUSE TROUBLE
WASHINGTON, July 22.— The fol
lowing cablegram has just been re
ceived at the War Department:
."Hongkong. July 22.— Secretary of
the Navy: Aguinaldo declares dicta
torship and martial law over all the isl
ands. The people expect independence.
I recommend China ponies.
"ANDERSON."
Colonel Anderson was the senior
army officer at the Philippines when
the dispatch was sent, probably several
days before its Hongkong date. The
reference to China ponies means that
Colonel Anderson desires that kind of
cavalry animals.
HONGKONG, July 22.— Letters re
ceived here from Cavite, dated July 19,
say Aguinaldo refuses to be subordin
ate to the United States. He does not
seem to realize his position, as is evi
denced by his appointment of a cab
inet, his declaration of independence
and the formal hoisting of the insurg
ent flag. _
ABSURD PROCLAMATION
ISSUED BY AGUINALOO
LONDON, July 23.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
"The latest mail from Manila reports
that the rebels have lately suffered
several reverses and have lost territory
south of Malate. General Aguinaluc
has issued an absurd proclamation,
dealing chiefly with official insignia.
He, as president of the Philippine Min
istry, is to wear a gold collar, a gold
triangular pendant, engraved with the
sun and three stars, and to carry a gold
whistle, as well as a stick with a geld
handle and a tassel of gold. The badges
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
to be well informed on the subject.
The Spanish Ambassador, Count Ras
con, who was questioned on the sub
ject, said:
"We have no news from Madrid, and
we have no reason to believe any such
decided step has been taken as Senor
Gamazo's statement would indicate."
At 1 o'clock this afternoon a promi
nent official of the British Foreign Of
fice said lo a representatice rf the As
sociated I'ress:
"We have nothing confirmatory of
Senor Gamazo's alleged statement. We
wish we had, and we hope it is true;
but so far as we are advised the signs
do not seem propitious for early
peace."
MADRID, July 22.— 1n talking over
the situation of the Queen a Spaniard
who knows a good deal about the pri
vate life of the court said:
'"To-day and ever since the war be
gan the great preoccupation of the
Queen has been to find the quickest
way to its termination. At many of the
Cabinet councils of late the Queen has
wept, begging and urgin.e her Ministers
to find some solution for terms of
peace. Little by little the Queen has
finally managed to bring the Cabinet
round to her view and thoughts of
peace.
"Since the commencement of the war
palace life has altered considerably,
and still more so since the illness of
the little King. Now her Majesty re
ceives as little as possible. Everything
the King eats is given him by his
mother, who previously tastes it,
imagining that the illness of the King
is owing to poison."
LONDON, July 23.— A special dis
patch from Madrid says: The arrival
of General Polavieja has increased the
persistent talk of a Cabinet crisis. The
Queen Regent is credited with exclaim
ing "Thank God!" when she knew he
was coming.
Opinions differ as to whether a semi
military Cabinet would be for peaca
of for a continuance of the war, but all
are agreed that it would at any rate
put an end to the present invertebrate
policy.
The belief is current in Madrid that
the delay in Commodore Watson's
starting is due to a desire to give
General Polavieja time to form a Cabi
net and to sue for peace.
of innumerable other officers are mi
nutely dealt with in the proclamation."
RUMORED AGREEMENT
REACHED BY THE POWERS
LONDON, July 23.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Daily News says:
"The powers, with the exception of
Great Britain, have agreed not to al
low American annexation of the Philip
pines or an Anglo-American protector
ate over the islands."
Coal for Dewey's Fleet.
MANILA, July 18, via Hongkong,
July 22. — The British steamers Cyrus
and Nianza have arrived here with coal
for the American fleet.
WONDERS ACCOMPLISHED
WITHIN NINETY DAYS
Nearly Three Hundred Thousand
Men Recruited, Mustered and
Equipped.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— A consoli
dated statement prepared by Major
John A. Johnston, Assistant Adjutant
General, shows that of the 277,500 men
authorized by Congress to be enlisted
in the regular and volunteer armies,
254,479 up to this time have been mus
tered into the service. Of the 23,031
yet required to complete the authorized
quota 13.30S are regulars, 8000 are vol
unteers under the second call, 862 are
immunes and 851 are engineers.
The recruiting, mustering, equipping
and placing in the field of the present
great army of nearly 300,000 in less
than ninety days, nearly every man
having to undergo a strict examina
tion, is regarded by army experts as a
wonderful achievement. Officers re
presenting the great armies of Euro
pean nations have been amazed at the
work accomplished and admit frankly
that Europe contains little such fight
ing material as is to be found in
abundance in the United States.
FOOD DISTRIBUTE*!
BY THE RED CROSS
Supplies Brought on the State of
Texas Exhausted Within
Three Days.
Special cable to The Coll and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 21 (by The
Call-Herald dispatch boat to Port Anto
nio, July 22).— The Red Cross steamer
State of Texas has sailed for New York.
The only passengers on board are Mrs.
Porter, wife of President McKinley's pri
vate secretary, and her sister, Blanche,
who is recovering from a mild attack of
fever.
The State of Texas has been stripped
of her cargo of food, which was shipped
from New York, and of valuable medical
supplies brought out by the Red Cross
nurses. The army, being without proper
medicines for treatment since the wound
ed were brought In, the pressure on the
Red Cross has been very great. The food
served by the army, also, is unfit for
fever patients, consisting solely of hard
tack and bacon. Hundreds of tons of
nutritious food were distributed by the
Red Cross last Monday. Within three
days the entire cargo had been dis
posed of.
The State of Texas goes north to re
plenish her stores. She may go to Porto
Rico.
On the Tennis Courts.
CHICAGO, July 22.— 0n1y twp matches
were played to-day in the Western cham
pionship tennis tournament besides the
consolation matches. W. S. Bond retired
Forbes, the crack Easterner, from the
singles, and Bond and Collins took a
three-set match from Fischer and Forbes
In the doubles. Summaries:
Singles, semi-finals— W. S. Bond de
feated J. W. Forbes. 7—5, 6—l.
Doubles, semi-finals— Bond and Collins
defeated Forbes and Fischer, 6—2, 6—46 — 4
6-4.
Dr. Shrady, president Red Cross
Society, writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, in next Sunday's
Call.
VICE-PRESIDENT CAPOTE
REPUDIATES GARCIA'S COURSE
Will Go to Cuba and Endeavor to Undo the Mischief
Wrought to Freedom's Cause bu the Insur
gent Leader,
NEW YORK. July 22.— Senor Domingo Mendez Capote, Vice I
President of the Cuban republic, will leave New York within a day or i
two, bound for Cuba, where he will strive to undo the mischief done by <
General Calixto Garcia since the fall of Santiago. (■
Senor Capote to-day conferred with T. Estrada Palma, Benjamin *
J. Guerra and Horatio S. Rubens, at the headquarters of the Cuban Junta. *
It was decided at this conference to take immediate steps to re-estab- *
lish friendly relations between the American and Cuban forces, so *
abruptly terminated by General Garcia. *
Vice President Capote, who has been in this city for several weeks, *
was requested to take the matter in hand. After the meeting Senor
Capote made public a statement in which he practically repudiated Gar- t
cia's course and renewed the pledge of the Junta that the Cubans would j
co-operate with the Americans at all times. The Vice President said )
in part:
"We will certainly fulfill the pledges we made as to complete co- (
operation, and will do all in our power to expel the common enemy as /
quickly as possible, following such plans as may be suggested by the (
American commanders, and in every way assuming our part of the con- <
flict. I shall return to Cuba as soon as possible and there on the i
ground will fully investigate and report as to the existing differences, i
if any.
"President McKinley has been very careful to state that the native <
constabulary and judges shall continue exercising their functions, but <
it is only natural to suppose when the Military Governor finds these <
to have been implanted by the Spanish crown and not by the munici- (
pality, that he will proceed to substitute others in their stead. <
"According to the spirit pervading the President's proclamation the (
only authorities will be a Military* Governor and his aides and the mv- (
nicipal authorities of the locality — that is to say, 'acquentamiento.' r
"We ourselves recognize the necessity of continuing ad interim in ,
operation all the laws other than political, for I have myself, with other
lawyers, been engaged in formulating these laws, with certain changes ,
necessary to the new regime." *
CREDIT DUE
THE OREGON
Fought Spain's Entire
Fleet Alone.
LETTER FROM A MARINE
DESCRIBES THE BATTLE OFF
SANTIAGO.
Balance of the American Ships Un
able to Keep Up With the Naval
Bulldog From the Pacific
Coast.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
ON BOARD U. S. S. OREGON, off
Santiago de Cuba, July 6, 1893.— Owing
to a grave mistake that has been made
in regard to that naval battle that was
fought and won by the American navy,
and in which the battleship Oregon took
such an active part, I am writing this
letter in behalf of the crew of the
above-named battleship, and to give
the American people a true account
in as few words as possible, of this
great naval victory, and red letter day
in the history of America,
To commence with, about twenty
nine minutes after nine on the morn
ing of July 3, 1898, I was standing on
the bridge of the Oregon, when the
signal quartermaster sung out that the
Spanish fleet was coming out of the
harbor. All of the crew and officers
were in their best uniforms waiting for
quarters, as it was Sunday morning
and it was to be general muster. The
first one to catch the wo'-d was Cap
tain Clark, and he did not lose any
time in getting upon the bridge. I took
my station at .ne slx-pounder gun No.
17 forward on the starboard side of the
bridge. Captain Clark told me to go
ahead and fire the gun so as to get
the first shot in on them, and to have
it the chall nge shot. I loaded up and
fired just as the bow of the first cruis
er 'had cleared the corner of Morro
Castle. The shot went clean across
her and dropped in the channel so the
remainder of the cruisers would know
that we Were there and ready to give
them battle. After this first shot, the
battle was on, for the minute this
cruiser had got clear of every hing she
fired her whole broadside at us, but
thanks to God and our gallant captain,
the shell all went over us without do
ing any damage.
At this time there were none of the
other ships of tlie American fleet closer
than four miles, so the Oregon had to
give battle to four of Spain's .rst-class
cruisers and two torpedo boats all
alone, and until the Texas and Brook
lyn came up. From the time the Ore
gon started until she sunk the last ship
she fought the battle all the way
through. Our secondary battery put
the two torpedo boats out 01. commis
sion in about twenty minutes. The
fact is ...e Orsgon had all of these
cruisers completely disabled when the
lowa, New Indiana and Vixen
came up to assist us; they were up on
the beach and could not move, they
were so badly damaged. "We kept on
going, so as to head off the Cristobal
Colon, as she was going right ahead
and steaming about seventeen knots,
but the Oregon soon fixed her with her
eight and thirteen inch shells. We
fetched her to a dead stop and made
her surrender.
Now the lowa, New York and Indi
ana want to claim the honor of sink
ing the Vizcaya and Infanta Maria
Teresa, also the Almirante Oquendo,
but I can take an oath, so can every
one of our crew and officers, that the
lowa, Texas, New York and Vixen
were ten miles behind when the bat
tle-ship Oregon ran the Vizcaya and
Cristobal Colon on the beach. Com
modore Schley had declared the Viz
caya and Cristobal Colon surrendered
to the Oregon. I was an eye witness
to the whole battle, because I was
standing on the forward part of the
bridge, firing my 6-pounders. This
statement can be corroborated by every
officer and man on board the ship, and
I don't think it is fair for Captain
Evans to make such a statement, when
he knows the Oregon did the fighting.
The Oregon fought from beginning to
end, and- Captain Clark deserves pro
motion for his clever and skillful ma
neuvering of the ship, and only for
the speed of the Oregon the Cristobal
Colon would have got away. Ours is a
fighting ship, and all the other captains
know it, and are jealous of us, and
another thing, the captain of the Cris
tobal Colon said that only for the Ore
gon she would have given battle to the
Texas and Brooklyn.
The Oregon fired about three thou
sand shots, and every one was effec
tive. The decks of the Vizcaya were
completely torn out from the firing of
our secondary battery. That is all
I have to say in behalf of the crew,
but I hope you will remember us and
give the Oregon what she deserves and
what she has earned.
The writer of this fired the first shot
in that gr^at battle. If you will please
publish this statement you will do a
great favor for the crew of the Oregon
and right a great wrong.
JOSEPH F. O'SHEA,
Private U. S. I. C.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tired people
Say They Find Strengrth and Vigor
in Hood's Sarsaparilla.
This is because Hood's Sarsaparilla
makes their blood rich and pure and
gives It power to nourish and strength-
en the system. Hood's Sarsaparilla
creates an appetite, gives refreshing
sleep and Invigorates every organ,
nerve and tissue of the body up to the
plane of perfect health.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Ib America's Greatest Medicine. 81; six for $5.
HOOD'S PILLS cure sick headache! 25 cts.
EXAMINER-JOURNAL
HIRELINGS DRIVEN
FROM SANTIAGO
General Sfjafter Decides to Put an
End to the Mischief Created
by Yellow Journalists.
Special Cable to The Call and tbe New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
by Janien Gordon Bennett.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, July 21, by the Call-Herald
dispatch-boat to Port Antonio, Jamaica, July 22.
After he found himself free from the annoying and
unreasonable Cubans through Garcia's withdrawal,
General Shafter set about to rid himself of the only
other disturbing element in Santiago— yellow journal
ists. FoS lowing the arrest and deportation of Syl
vester Scovel, General Shafter has banished from
this part of Cuba all correspondents and artists of
the New York Journal and San Francisco Examiner.
General Shafter resolved to put an end to the mis
chief these yellow journalists were doing, and hun
dreds of yellow posters bearing the legend, "Re
member the Maine," which were placed about the
city to incite attacks on surrendered paniards, have
been torn down.
GARCIA SURELY
IN THE WRONG
His Letter Discussed at
Washington.
IT WAS BASED UPON ERRORS
AMERICAN MOTIVES WHOLLY
MISCONSTRUED.
This Government Has No Intention
of Turning Cuba Over to Any
Particular Class or
Faction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. July 22.— The letter
written by General Garcia to General
Shafter was read ' and discussed at
some length at the Cabinet meeting to
day, and the opinion was exnressed
that it evidently was based upon a
wrong conception of the purposes and
motives of our people. These, it was
said, should long ago have been fully
explained to him and to all of the Cu
ban leaders.
It it was true, as had been reported.
a mcml of the Cabinet said, that
Garcia was not invited to participate in
i the ceremonies attending the raisinsr of
| the American flag over Santiago it was
a mistake. Everthlng reasonable, he
1 said, sh uld be done to win and keep
 , ADVERTISEMENTS.
REMEMBER THE NAME
And the number near the new ferry building, on Market sti "': All car
lines go directly, with single fare — goods are delivered without cost prompt-
ly to all parts of the city and to Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley, Fruitvale. The
wonderful prices arid high grade in quality of the goods we sell att.act buy-
ers all over the city, and from all parts of the State and beyond. We mean
cash buyers; we cannot hope to secure the patronage of credit buyers. Our
prices are too low to keep accounts or sell even on short time. Do not ask
credit. Successful buyers and sellers are all on a cash basis nowadays. Read
these prices and compare them with credit prices.
ONE-CENT BARGAINS.
One Asbestos Fire Kindler, 10c article lc
One Flatiron or Coffee Pot. stand metal lc
One Paper Adamantine Pins lc
One Jlnko Basket for fancy work lc
One paper Blood's Needlee, flne lc
One spool Machine Cotton. 60 to 100 lc
One ball Red Marking Cotton lc
One ball Ecru Crochet Cotton lc
One package of Hair Pins lc
5 CENTS.
1 pound Pumpernickel, 10c article 5c
1 can Dessert Peaches, sliced Be
1 Metal Tray, 10c article 5c
1 Infant's Vest to IVi years 5c
1 pr. Gray Stockings, 5 to 7 6c
1 dor. Large Coat Buttons 5c
1 doz. Shoestrings, girls 6c
6 Buttonhooks, assorted 5C5 C
1 Harmonica, a good one ...5c
1 Purse, for boy or girl 5C5 C
A doz. Lead Pencils, good 5c
l Autograph Album 5C5 C
1 Handsome Picture Book 5c
10 CENTS.
1 bottle flne Imported Pickles 10c
1 bottle high grade Shaker Corn 10c
5 doz. of good Wood Clothespins 10c
1 pair Sewing Sclssorß. good 10c
1 ladies' T'ntrlmmed Hat 10c
1 set Child's Dishes, tin 10c
1 35-cent Clothes Brush 10c
1 15-cent Mantel Ornament 10c
12-bit Hair Brush 10c
1 .lar flne Jam or Jelly 10c
1 fancy Cup and Saucer 10c
OUR REMNANT SALE OF YESTERDAY IS CONTINUED AGAIN TO-DAY
j Taste the fine macaroni and cheese at the demonstration counter* all
■ free. . . ' '\ ■':*>:."-:. - '.■
Try our fine fruit and berry pies: home made; 10 cents; first floor.
. White Swan Flour, fully warranted, in any quantity this week 95c. $
Coffee reductions continue v air this week. Save while you can. JJS
. Our one-cent. articles surprise everybody who looks at them. 333
Wire screening, green, this week at half price — 1 cent square foot. ''■ T *t^
Jelly glasses with tin cover, less than barrel lots, 2 cents each. "I.i^
Sample Shoes.. 9
Boya' heavy Jl 25 shoe, 11 to 13 75c '^JV H V fcjj t^ Olk
OirlH 1 $1 50 Bchool button. 13, 134 "c "^**^ ™ HWM fl flj 9
Girls' or ladies' cloth and kid. 2Vj, 3 at....30c 4T* /fiL O■ ■ £V|a#\nk«»,
Ladies' $100. nice kid samples, sire 8..: 75c. Sfc^ /lc) H T" Ml IJ XT
Men's low shoes. out of style. 5, 7 ....60c •, m ■ ■ -^^ ■> ■»*
M<n ' 8 $3 50 button shoe,. sto i0......:.;...ii 25 25-27 Market St., ■S, F.
tho friendship of the insurgent Cu
bans, and they should be made to know
that the only purpose of the United
States in waging a war agal-ist Spain
was to secure for the people of Cuba
relief from the oppression of Spanish
rule and a stable and satisfactory srov
ernment established by the people
themselves.
Of course, it was added. It was not
the intention of this Government to
drive the Spaniards out and then form
ally turn th.> island over to the insur
gents or to any other particular class
or faction. This Government had never
such a purpose; but, on the contrary,
it was well understood that a stable
government for and by all the people
of Cuba was the only purpose and end
sought to be attained.
The details incident to the estab
lishment of such a government it was
said, had never been discussed by the
Cabinet at any great length, but there
could be no difference of opinion as to
the general plan. All of the people of
the island, it was declared, must be
given an opportunity to express their
views as to the character of the con
stitution under which they were to
live and also as to the men who should
make and execute the laws.
The insurgent Cubans certainly could
not consistently ask for more than
this.
CRUISERS IN WAIT
FOR TWO COLLIERS
British and Norwegian Steamships
With Coal for the Spaniards in
Cuba.
POIXTE A PITRE, Guadaloupe, July
11 (Call-Herald Special Correspondence).—
Two steamship, the Norwegian Frithjtof
Nansen and British Barton, each carrying
coal for Spaniards, have been lying In this
port for the last twelve days. When these
| vessels entered port it was announced
they would stop here for repairs. The an
j nouncement was coincidental with the ap
pearance of their captains at the Spanish
I consulate. Searchlights can be seen
every night outside the harbor, and
' American vessels are believed to be waat-
I ing outside to seize these two colliers if
i they should attempt to leave port.
25 CENTS.
1 pair Infants' Fancy Shoes. 1 to 4 SH
1 Child's Parasol, light colors 25c
1 Fancy Embroidered Stand Cover Be
1 Large Yeliow Bowl, 14 inches across Be
1 Ladies' Undervest. gray or ecru Be
1 pair Summer Pants, light waist, 30, 31 25c
1 Child's Sunbonnet. in colors So
1 pair Light Buck Gloves, 74. 8, 8H 25c
1 Cap, for boy, girl or man 25c
1 Wool Sacque. Infants, pretty 25c
1 pair Silk Bootees, |l value 25c
FOR $1.00.
25 yards Calico, dress styles $i oo
25 yards Calico, shirting styles i oo
16 pair Children's Stockings. 2 to 10 years.. 1 00
25 Harmonica? to sell at 15 cents j oo
1 Ladlee' or Misses' Trimmed Hat l 00
1 pair Big Boys' Sunday Shoes, button.... 1 00
1 Clock, SO hours, pond timekeeper 1 00
4 pair Ladles' Jl Buck Gloves, garden 1 00
4 pair Gents' Leather Working Gloves 1 00
1 pair Gents' Button Shres, 5 to 74 i 00
12 Brushes, assorted, value $2. for i 00
25 Handkerchiefs, assorted kinds i oo
TiO doz. Button*, for family use j oo
25 Papers Needles, best makes j 00
40 Spools Sewing Cotton, high grade 1 oo
1 pr. Ladies' J2 Kid Shoes, except 5, 5%, 6. 1 00
1 Handsome Hat. gents' wear j oo
1 suit Men's Flannel Underclothes, to 38 100
Wall Paper for room 9x12. complete..!! 100
1 good Hammock, from closing lot 1 00
40 cakes Toilet Soap, assorted ..** i m
12 pair Ladles' Hose, assorted, gray, black
brown \ MPROGRESS OF THE
EXPEDITION UNDER
GENERAL MILES
CommaQder in Ctytef of the Army
Ser)ds a Cable From Mole
St. Nicholas
Ships Bearing the Invading Army Are Well
on TY)e\r Way Toward tt)e Porto Rican
Coast.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— The TVar
Department to-day received a telegram
from General Miles, a* follows:
"PLAYA DEL ESTE. 7 p. m.— Secre
tary of War: The following troops are
with me aboard transports in Guanta
namo harbor, enroute to Porto Rico:
Four light batteries of the Third and
Fourth Artillery. Lonic's Battery B
(artillery), the Illinois, the Sixth
Massachusetts, 225 recruits for the
Sixth Corps, t-ixty men of the Signal
Corps and seventy of the Hospital
Corps— 3l4s men all told. MILES."
Later came the following:
"MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, Hayti—Sec
retary of War. Washington: Am dis
a}T"inted in non-arrival of Colonel
Becker with Construction <v>rps.
: .^1 Black arrived without snag
l its or lighters. Please send at ieaM
four strong sea-going liuht-rs and
tugs; also General Stone's boat at
Jacksonville, if not already sent, as
soon as possible. Moving along well.
•MILES."
It was calculated that General Miles'
military expedition against Porto Rico
was this morning somewhere off the
northern coast of Hayti. Secretary
Long says, according to his advices,
the fleet of transports, with the naval
gruardships, got away from Siboney at
half-past 3 yesterday afternoon, and it
is believed spent the night traveling at
about the usual naval cruising speed in
(Irons of ten knots an hour. The
question of guardships settled Itself
with the departure of the expedition,
but the naval officials are still of the
opinion that the warships sent are en
tirely disproportionate in strength to
the needs of the case, and the demands
laid upon the North Atlantic fleet to
supply them have interfered consider
ably, "it is stated at the department,
with the plans of the Naval War
Board. This is supposed to relate to
the departure of Watson's expedition,
but on that point the naval authorities
decline to say anything further, simply
pointing to the statement given out last
night by Secretary Long as expressive
of their views.
Although General Miles reported by
cable to-day from Mole St. Nicholas,
Hayti, that "he was moving along
•well" with the first detachment of the
military expedition against Porto
Rico, the body of the dispatch pre
ceding this, statement gave rise at first
to the apprehension that, like General
Bhafter at Santiago, General Miles was
threatened with a costly delay in land
ing his expedition on Porto Rican soil
:>\ving to the absence of lighters and
:ugs. Ii *.vns said at the War Depart
ment later on that some of the lighters
were already on their way from New
Orleans and New York, and that no de
lay would arise on that score.
ANNEXATION DESIRED
BY THE PORTO RICANS
NEW YORK. July 22.— The Herald
has Becured the following expression of
opinion by Dr. Julio J. lienna of this
city, who has bf-en named president of
the Tort.. Rican republic since the jun
ta was organized in 1595:
"I have always been personally an
annexationist, and although I am the j
president "f the Revolutionary Junta j
I should be pleased to Bee my country !
Joined io the United States. All I have j
ever asked the "Washinjrton authorities
is to take me to the island that I may >
Ifpu'- a manifesto informing the Porto j
Kicans that the United States is not i
going There on a war of conquest, but j
to free them from the Spanish yoke. :
giving them as much liberty as they
desire under the Stars and Stripes. In
this way I think a great deal of blood
shed oould be avoided."
Senor P. D» Castro, one of the promi
nent members of the Porto Rican Jun
ta of this city, when asked as to the
attitude of the Junta, said:
"When that Junta was organized we
were pledged t>> secure the independ
ence of the island. That was more than
two years ago. Such a thing as annexa
tion was not discussed, because Spain
was not at war with America. Since
this war, however, all our people are
with America. At a meeting on July
12 we decided to assist the United
States unconditionally. The majority
of us are in favor of annexation. Any
talk of the revolutionary party of Porto
Rico resisting the invasion of the
Americans is nonsense. I was at the
meeting'Wid on July 12 in this city and
never heard such a threat. '
"I have grave doubts of our ability to
make a republic of Porto Rico, fearing
the effort would mean Internal strife,
but annexation would be successful.
The majority of Porto Ri^ans in this
country are heartily in favor of it.
There are some few against annexa
tion, but none who would counsel re
sistance to it by force of arms."
FLIGHT FROM PORTO
RICO HAS BEGUN
Call-Herald Special Correspondence.
ST. THOMAS. July 16.— Italian
steamer Sudama arrived here from
Ponce yesterday. Among her passen
gers . for Europe were the wife and
family of the Captain General of Porto
Rico and several Spanish officials.
Many residents of Porto Rico are com
ing here.
THREE REGIMENTS START
FROM CHICKAMAUGA
CHICKAMAUOA NATIONAL MILJ
TART PARK, Ga., July 22.— Three reg- !
lmen's, the Fourth Ohio, the Third Il
linois and the Fourth Pennsylvania,
composing the Second Brigade, First
Division. First Corps, commanded by I
Brigadier General Haines, left Camp
Thomas this morning for Newport
News, where transports are expected
to be in waiting, and it is probable that •
the command will get into Porto Rice |
In a very short time. Both officers and j
men are rejoicing over the prospect of i
active service. The next command -to
leave will be four light batteries of ar
tillery, A of Illinois. B of Pennsylvania,
A of Missouri and the Twenty-seventh
Indiana. It is probable that they will
leave either to-morrow or Sunday. Ac
companying them, or following In short
1 order, will be the Signal Corps and the
Reserve, Hospital and Ambulance
Corps. It is now generally believed
here that General Brooke will succeed
In taking the whole of the First Corps
with him to Porto Rico. The corps
numbers about 35,000.
CHARLESTON, July 22.— Transport
No. 21, with the Sixteenth Pennsyl
vania and two companies of the Sixth
; Illinois and 800 mules, wagons and
; stores, put to sea to-day.
COLUMBIA ARRIVES AT
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, Hayti, July
22.— The Columbia came in here at 11
o'clock this morning from Jamaica.
She is bound for Porto Rico.
TWO VESSELS BROUGHT
IN AS PRIZES OF WAR
French Steamship Olinde Rodriguez
and Spanish Sloop Domingo
Aurelio Taken.
CHARLESTON, S. C. July 22.— The
French steamer Olinde Rodriguez was
brought into this port this morning in
| charge of a prize crew from the cruiser
New Orleans. The steamer was captured
■ off San Juan de Porto Rico. She was
warned July 5 by the cruiser not to enter
the port, but on July 17 apprarad igain,
making for the harbor. The New Or
leans sent two shots across her bow and
brought her to. She had twenty-three
cabin and fourteen steerage passengers
and a cargo of coffee and tobacco.
KEY WEST, July 22.— The Spanish
sloop Domingo Aurelio. of about twenty
tons, was raptured by the United State 3
auxiliary gunboat MaDle last Sunday and
brought in here to-day. When taken the
sloop was leaving Sagua de Tanamo,
Province of Santiago de Cuba, bound, ac
cording to her papers, for Gibora with a
cargo of tobacco, a case of cloth and
some provisions. She had a crew of
j three men on board.
SECOND ENGINEERS
GO TO HONOLULU
Battalion Ordered to Accompany the
First New York Volunteers for
Garrison Duty.
WASHINGTON, July 22. — Arrange
ments are being' perfected at the War
Department for the establishment of the
; military garrison at Honolulu. Orders
: were issued to-day for a battalion of the
; Second Regiment of Volunteer Engineers
' to proceed to Honolulu in company with
, the First Regiment New York Volunteer
I Infantry. Colonel Barber commanding,
! which is to constitute the first garrison
| of the United States troops stationed on
this newly annexed territory of the
< United States.
The Second Regiment of Volunteer En
; gineers was largely recruited on the Pa
: clfic, and la now quartered at San Fran
: cisco. It is in command of Colonel Wil
lard Young, upon whom will devolve the
selection of the battalion to be trans
ferred to Honolulu. It is expected that
the troops will sail for that port in a few
; days.
HAD NOT HEARD OF
TORAL'S SURRENDER
After Satisfying Themselves of San
tiago s Fall San Luis Troops
Capitulate.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— The War
Department has posted the following:
SANTIAGO, July 22.-Adjutant General
Corbin, Washington: Sent two troops of
cavalry with Spanish officers and Lieu
tenant Miley to receive the surrender of
the Spanish troops at San Luis and Pal
mas. They had not heard of the loss of
Orvera's fleet or of Toral's Surrender.
They declined to surrender unless they
coulu come in and see for themselves. A
detachment of officers and men came In
last night and returned this morning, ap
parently satisfied. SHAFTER
GALA DAY AT ATLANTA.
City Elaborately Decorated for the
Confederate Parade.
ATLANTA, July 22.— The city was dec
orated with endless miles of bunting for
the Confederate parade at 5 p. m. Mrs.
Stonewall Jackson, Miss Winnie Davis,
Mrs John B. Gordon and Mrs. Cabelle
< urrle president of the Daughters of the
< on federal y, occupied carriages, as did
also General and Mrs. Longstreet, Gen
eral and Mrs. Hooker and General Wade
Hampton.
General Gordon, at the Auditorium
meeting, introduced Miss Winnie Davis,
the veterans giving her a great ovation.
A resolution was passed to substitute
for the War of the Rebellion" the ex
pression, "the Civil War between the
States.
Charleston, s. C, was selected as the
place for the encampment next July.
FROM CAMP WHITELY.
Central California Veterans Hold
ing Biysy Sessions.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, July 22.-The ses
sions of the Central California Veterans'
Association are being largely attended
at Sycamore Springs. Commander T. W.
Lincoln of Santa Maria delivered the
opening address, the address of welcome
being made by Warren M. John of San
Luis Obispo.
The encampment has been named Camp
M'hlteley. in honor of Thomas Whiteley
Sr., a prominent member of the associa
tion, who died during the past year
This afternoon Rev. Mr. Jackson, a col
ored minister of Paso Robles, addressed
the veterans on the question of slavery
To-night Department Commander Solo
mon Cahen.G. A. R., Adjutant General
T. C. Mastellar, G. A. R., and Major J.
H. Simpson arrived from San Francisco
and will address the encampment to
morrow.
GROSVENOR'S TRIP TO EUROPE.
Said to Be in Connection With an
Anglo- American Alliance.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 22.—Congress
man Charles H. Grosvenor and his
daughter, Grace, will sail from New York
next Tuesday on the North German Lloyd
steamer Trave. Mr. Grosvenor will spend
one week in London, returning homo Au
gust 20. On account of his relations with
President McKinley it has been freely
said his visit was in connection with ah
Anglo-American alliance, but he claims
the trip is only for rest and recreation.
Stand up and be counted 1b what the
Star asks to-day. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
CHART OF THE ATLANTIC COAST AND WEST INDIES, SHOWING THE
MOVEMENTS OF THE SEVERAL DIVISIONS OF THE ARMY OF
INVASION TOWARD PORTO RICO.
WATSON'S MISSION
IS TO LOOK AFTER
CAMARA'S FLEET
Our Government Has No Intention
of Bombarding Spain's Coast
Cities*
Momentous Questions Confronting the Nation
With Regard to Conquered Terri
tory.
WASHINGTON. July 22.— A signifi
cant statement was made to the Asso
ciated Press to-day by a gentleman in
a position to speak with knowledge
and authority as to the plans of the
Administration with reference to fu
ture Avar operations. In substance the
statement was as follows:
"Commodore Watson, In proceeding
to the Spanish peninsula as soon as the
Porto Rican expedition is gotten under
way, is not to bombard the cities on
the Spanish coast. No such idea of
bombardment of the coast is enter
tained. While there may be other in
cidental purposes, the main mission of
Watson is take care of Camara's fleet.
The movement of this fleet and the
fears and apprehensions caused by re
ports concerning it are to be stopped
for all time. The ships under Camara
will be located by Watson, finally met
and engaged. The talk occasionally
indulged in as to the Canary Islands is
utterly without foundation. This Gov
ernment has no plan to take the isl
ands and does not want them.
"Despite popular expectatJon that
Porto Rico operations will be followed
immediately by action against Hav
ana, it can be said that Havana will
not be attacked while yellow fever
conditions exist. This is certain. It
would be the height of national folly
to engage our troops in and about the
fever pesthole. Consequently, it wfll
be left until the climate lends its aid in
the autumn. Shatter will hold his own
in the eastern strip now surrendered
and may gradulally push his way over
some other districts, and if there
should be any particular need of im
mediate aggressive action at any point
he will move against it, but Havana
will be left until yellow fever dangers
are past.
'"Meantime, in the next two months
there will be enough to keep this Gov
ernment busy. We will have to cope
with the most serious problem yet
that of providing for the government
and the future of the lands Involved in
this war. The hauling down of the
Spanish flag and the hoisting of that
of the United States means more than
on its face it Indicates to the popular
mind. No more important matter is
to engage the attention of the Govern
ment than the details to be arranged
for the disposition, control or tempo
rary possession, pending final transfer
of possession of these additions to our
domain.
"There are questions of the most in
tricate and far-reaching character to
be decided. Porto Rico, whose fall is
likely to be recorded within a week or
ten days, will have to have a military
Governor. Porto Rico, of course, is to
be kept permanently by this Govern
ment, but this must be a military gov
ernment first, and many preliminary
details will have to be worked out.
There must be a rehabilitation of ex
isting systems of government where we
have carried our arms, and, while local
schemes and conditions will form the
basis of the general system for the con
trol of the land, there must be numer
ous changes, abolishing such laws as
may be oppressive. Laws will have to
be very thoroughly gone over and the
tariff system revised in some way, but
in general and as far as possible the
system of government which now ex
ists Is to be followed.
"All this means work of the most se
rious character, and in the absence of
existing laws to govern such matters
the President has to go ahead on his
own responsibility. Next winter, how
ever, when Congress convenes, the ne
cessity for laws covering such matters
will be recognised by recommendations
to Congress to that end, to be sub
mitted by the President, and it is very
probable the shaping of the destinies of
Porto Rico and similarly circumstanced
accessions will be left to a commission
or commissions to be appointed to
draft the laws for adoption by Con
grress. The Government is likely to be
busy from now on considering all
these matters of governmental detail.
"It is a certainty, as far as now can
be foreseen, that Guam, the island In
the Ladrone group that was captured
by this Government, will be perman
ently retained as a coaling and supply
station. For these purposes It Is valu
' able from Its location between Hawaii
and the Philippine Islands, but on the
point whether the rest of them will be
kept, lam not sure. They may be and
they may not be. The disposition of
the Philippines Is unsettled and de
pends upon circumstances.
"As to the attitude of Garcia and the
insurgents in Cuba, there is no change
in our intention. This Government has
not been misled in its estimate of the
Cuban forces. With the oppressive
hand Spain has put on them so long
contending against the conditions im
posed by Injustice and oppression, there
would have been little expectation of
greater abilities than are now shown
This government will have to treat
| them kindly but firmly. It has made a
pledge to establish a firm and stable
government and that must be carried
out. It. therefore, may be, In the light
of present circumstances and condi
tions, many years before affairs there
have so shaped themselves as to en
trust the Island to the Cubans and we
I finally yield our possession of them
i The transition must be gradual step
! by step, and the final general change of
; control effected only after a thorough
training with the trial of the leaders in
at first minor capacities. This Is what
is to be looked for and the gradual
transition will consume a length of
time considerably at variance with
what the people now expect."
FEAR A SEVERANCE OF
RELATIONS MUST COME
Disaffection Among Garcia's. Men
Becoming More Pronounced
Every Day.
- WASHINGTON. July 22. -The War
Department has not yet been informed
that General Shafter's Cuban allies have
quit the American lines fc. the reasons
sent out in the printed letter by Gen
eral Garcia, but it is scarcely doubted
that such is the case, for the friction
has been growing more pronounced
every day since the fall of Santiago,
and it is feared that a severance of re
lations cannot be longer avoided. That
the Cuban Junta is still hopeful of
avoiding such a measure is evidenced
by the confidence shown by Senor
Quesada, one of the Cuban Legation
here, in an amicable settlement
Eddie Santry Defeated.
NEW YORK, July 22.-Joe Bernstein of
New York gained the decision over Eddie
Santry of Chicago in a 20-round mill at
the Lenox Athletic Club to-night. At the
close of the fighting the Chicago man's
face was badly marked and his body and
ribs were very red. while Bernstein did
not show a mark. Tom Sharkey, Tim Mc-
Grath and Spider Kelly were Santry's
seconds.
Johnson OutpeGals Eaton.
BALTIMORE, July 22.— John S. Johnson,
won the ten-mile paced bicycle race at
the Coliseum to-night from Jay Eaton.
Johnson led all the way and was 400 yards
ahead at the finish. Time. 19:45 3-5. Fred
Sims went an exhibition mile, paced by
triplet?, in 1:52.
/
CZARINA TABOOS
THE CIGARETTE
LONDON, July 22.— The Daily
Telegraph to-day publishes a
dispatch from St. Petersburg
which says the ladies of the Rus
sian court are greatly upset at
the fact that the Czarina has
forbidden cigarette smoking in
her presence. The dispatch adds
that the ladies have petitioned
her Majesty to withdraw the
prohibitory ukase, pointing out
that ladies smoke cigarettes at
all the courts of Europe and that
there are smokers among the
crowned heads and the prin
cesses of blood royal, including
the Dowager Czarina, the Em
press of Austria, the Queen of
Roumania, the Queen Regent of
Spain and the Queen of Portu
gal, while, they allege, the great
est devotee of all is Princess
Henry of Prussia, the sister of
the Czarina.
HOBSON VISITS
THE CAPITOL
Merrimac Hero Given
an Ovation.
BESIEGED BY BIG CROWDS
ACCORDED A RECEPTION TRULY
DEMOCRATIC.
The Young Officer the Bearer of Dis
patches Regarding the Raising
of Cervera's Sunken
Ships.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 22.— The most
agreeable event of the day was the
arrival at the Navy Department of
Lieutenant Hobson, the hero of the
Merrimac. The officials were not in
formed of his approaching visit except
through the newspapers. Consequent
ly, when he reached the railway sta
tion here, at 2:38 o'clock this afternoon,
there was no official there to meet him
and his reception was truly democra
tic. He succeeded in escaping 1 observa
tion as he passed through the train
shed, coat and umbrella in hand, and
followed by a porter proudly carrying
his baggage, but before he emerged
from the station, some one spied him
and in a moment the station resounded
with vociferous shouting. The cry of
"Hobson! Hobson!" rang out, and the
crowd closed in about him, shaking his
hand and pushing him about until he
was rescued by the police and escorted
to his carriage. He stopped long
enough to announce that all of the
men who formed the crew of the Mer
rimac were safe and in the best of
health and that after he had made his
report to the Navy Department he ex
pected to return immediately to New
York.
The officer was driven at once to the
Army and Navy Club and after brush
ing himself up. he drove over to the
Navy Department. This time he car
ried with him under his arm a large
official envelope, which bore in the cor
ner the inscription, "North Atlantic
squadron."
As he approached the office of the
Secretary of the Navy there ensued
another demonstration. A large crowd
had gathered abeut the doorway and
the hearty welcome it gave the young
officer brought blushes to his cheeks.
Secretary *-.ong came out of his private
office and, grasping Hobson with both
hands, said with sincerity:
"Lieutenant, I am glad, very glad,
to see you."
Then he drew him Into his office,
where the lieutenant was introduced to
Assistant Secretary Allen and was
greeted by Captain Crowninshield,
Captain Bradford and Pension Com
missioner Evans, who happened to
drop in. He spent a half hour in con
ference with the Secretary and then
returned to the club for rest. Secre
tary Long stated that Hobson did not
bring the long-expected report from
Admiral Sampson and his brother offi
cers on the destruction of the Cervera
fleet. The exact purpose of his visit
was explained by the following order,
under which Lieutenant Hobson had
come to the United States:
United States Flagship New York.
First Rate, off Santiago de Cuba, July
17, 1898.— Sir: You will proceed north on
the St. Paul to#New York, thence you
will proceed to Washington and report
to the Secretary of the Navy and ac
quaint him with the object of your visit,
as set forth in my letter to him of this
date, regarding the work upon the Cris
tobal Colon. Explain to him fully the
position and condition of that ship and
receive his Instruction regarding it.
2. Be as expeditious as possible in
bringing the matter to a termination in
order that, if it Is practicable to do so,
this fine ship may be saved to the United
States navy.
3. When this dutyJs completed you will
ask for orders from the Secretary of the
Navy. Otherwise you will return to duty
on board this ship. Very respectfully,
W. T. SAMPSON.
Rear Admiral U. S. N.. Commander in
Chief, U. S. Naval Force, North Atlan
tic Squadron.
Naval Constructor R. P. Hobson, U. S.
Navy, U. S. S. New York.
About 5:30 o'clock Lieutenant Hobson
went to the White House to pay his re
srects to the President. Secretary Long
accompanied him. The President ve
ceived them in the Cabinet room. He
gave Lieutenant Hobson a most cor
dial greeting and paid him a high trib
ute for what he regarded as one of the
most conspicuous acts of gallantry in
the history of naval warfare.
After remaining with the President
for half an hour the Secretary and
Lieutenant Hobson left the White
House, the former going to his home
and the latter to the Army and Navy
Club. While at the White House Hob
son gave his autograph to a half dozen
or more solicitors, although, he re
marked, he could not imagine why they
desired it.
He is enthusiastic in his efforts to
save the ships and, declining to remain
in Washington for over a day, to-night
hurried back to New York to take up
the subject of his mission with the
wrecking company.
NEW YORK. July 22.— Lieutenant
Hobson, who took the Merrimac into
the channel at Santiago" arrived here
to-day on the St. Paul, and proceeded
at once to Washington. Lieutenant
Hobson said that he had inspected the
wrecked Spanish warships and he is
certain that, if prompt action is taken,
two of them, the Cristobal Colon and
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding "~ith Any of the Foll-^-lnß Firms Please Mention "The CalL"
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bendinj and Cuttlne
Wqrks, 103-105 Mission St.. cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining, Beveling. Wm. ■
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers,
117 GUTTER STREET. j
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MEN7A CUDIVTi Proprietor. Send for meas- |
JTILrILU JlKlnu U re blanks. U. S. Commls-
elon, 9 Geary St.. S. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
CIWIT £CmiVliT ED Bank, Office and Saloon
TIN hft iCnIIMILCK, Fittings. 1309 Market
st Telephone South 267.
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock Til I ID Cf A « Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. MLLII 8L vw- San Francisco.
AURAPHONE.
nrirnirOO^ 1 AURAPKQRE, lei Intention.
Ilk ft !■ |\J am \\ will restore hearing of
Ik It k |\li* V\. will restore hearing of \
ULHI LOO anyone not BOM deal
Invisible in the ear. Send for pamphlet. pilDCn
F.F.FINLAY. 913 Post San Francisco. WJntU
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM CfHAEVINn Shipping trade supplied.
nlll- JVllUcnlnU} 639 Broadway street.
BELTING.
LP MFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. UkUCil, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $60, $65 and $75. Crescents, In Men's
and Ladles" $35. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkln street.
BOILER MAKERS.
UW. J. Brady's Patent
DETACHABLE
MUD DRUM
for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045. ■
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAB FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
JD 1/rnTUTVDr Bookbinder and Printer,
, Di lllUlrlilriJi. 422 Commercial street.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Eupt. H. Blyth, Mfrr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat j
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mrs.M.H.OBER & CO. equipoise waists.
mrS.M.II.UOCK ft tU. 34 Geary »t.,Tel. Red 1401
DENTIST.
UK- C- W- RICHARDS; SE. corner lifearny.
DRAY AGE.
McNAB & SMITH.
Draymen. Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and^Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
BEDINGTON&CO. aafrggJßfifr
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearr.y street.
Maria Teresa, may be saved. The
Oquendo is a total wreck. The Vizcaya
is not quite as bad as the Oquendo and
some of her guns may be secured.
"Should a gale spring up," added
Lieutenant Hobson, "all the work of the
wreckers would go for naught and the
Colon and the Teresa would be lost to
us. That is why I am hurrying to
Washington to explaiji to the officials
there the necessity of making contracts
at once for the raising of the warships.
They doubtless will do so when they
understand the situation as I can ex
plain it."
Spokane vs. Seattle.
SPOKANE, Wash.. July 22.— Score-
Clubs— . •-. R. 11. E.
Spokane 9 10 10
Seattle 17 19 5
■ » ■ .
"The New America — Army and
Navy," by Henry Norman, special
commissioner of the London Chron
icle, in next Sunday's Call. — .
■ ♦ ■
ROYAL ARCANUM.
Argonaut Council at its last held meet
ing elected one candidate and received
two applications. Golden West Counril,
which is running a race with Argonaut,
at its last held meeting received three
applications.
At the next meeting of each of these
councils there will be work in the ini
tiatory degree, and at Argonaut's meet
ing the matter of the new law in regard
to the widows' and orphans' fund will be
brought up.
THE JUNIORS.
The National Council at its recent ses
sion fixed the per capita tax at 10 cents
for the home and 15 cents for general
purposes. The next council will meet in
Indianapolis. An effort will be made to
have the convention in California in 1900.
It was decided that whichever of the two |
Giants are those who are full of power. Power is another nama
for manliness. All men are given power when they are born. But many
men abuse nature's grandest and most valuable gifts. Have you been
guilty? If you have "Hudyan" will make up for your folly. "Hudyan"
restores to men who have been gluttonous a new digestion. To men
who have been wasting away it brings fresh vitality. To men who ara
weak it brings grand manly strength. It has done that, and never failed
to do it with an array of 21,000 patients. Circulars and testimonials
about it are sent to all who will ask for ihem. Medical advice on all
subjects is sent free. Will you have it? Why should you not be a phys.
ical giant, even if you are not one in stature? You can be, if you will
but try. Ask about "Hudyan." No cost to you.
OUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sis^ San Fraidscq
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
„  , 407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Repreeented over $14. 000. 00*
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES &CO Shipping Butcher.. 10§
*t\J- umu a y,u,, Clay. Tel. Mam mc
FLOUR. "^TT
NATIONAL «J« J w r MUIs « J - Martensteln A Col
______ s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific »ta,
HARDWARE.
DALACF Hardware C 0. , 1m porters Dealers
A in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LETBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln St., S. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you -want bargains call or writs
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hediey. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castincrs of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 13« Sutter St.
San Francisco. Telephone Main til.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
m Combined Capital. 14.000,000.
SYZ & CO.. Agenta,
801 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRNHAPn Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
IIIC DLlinilAtllf st. Telephone Main IH4.
OPTICAL GOODS.
TI TIVIIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LimiJl, full is-k. Woddlng Rings, 4 3d St.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
ITILLMITILI IE 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest s*lrm and Laurent Stock.
F»I/\NO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
V fin llf Agency. Reloading, developing, print-
IVUllAAing. T. P. Andrews. 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
T.EAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegrapnlcrj A D T'P IFir*! 3 306 CaU
Codes. r /\iv 1 KlLUjCfornlaSt.
SEWING MACHINES.
"finMCCTIP" Pre-eminently the machine for
UUmLOIIU ftmily use. 1021 Market «tre«t
near Sixth,
___ __ SOAP.
Gn F ITfV X- r(i 123 California street.
. 11, Ltd S \,-J,, room 87. Tel. Main IMI.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, S5S.y-» B s&^
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms fHAS rUI^S Claus Spreckels
407. 408. 409, 410 VliA DLIJJ-Bldg.. 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
CALIFORNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR. Manager.
Office SIS Front Street. San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS. ,
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
to Hawks & Shattuck. Th» Uoine ladaitrr
House, 608 Clay st. - '
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRT B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer . .of
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done In
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
128 Spear St.: tel. Main 295. .
~~~~~~ WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and. Grain Warehouses.
General of/ice, 210 California st. Tel. Mala 1»1«.
WALLPAPER.
"WALLPAPER— WhoIesaIe And retail: send for
samples, stating about reality and color, to
JAS DUFFY CO., S2S-930 , Howard St., S. F.
organizations, the Daughters of Liberty
or the Daughters of Amjerica, shall adopt
the ritual prepared by the National Coun
cil shall be recognized ate the auxiliary of
j the order. *
At a public installation of Hamilton
I Council last week the following officers
! were inducted into office: ,F. B. Veasy,
C • E. H. Taylor, V. C; F. ' A. Miller, R.
S.; C. W. Hendrich. F. S. .• W. Warn
hulz, conductor; A. Meyer, W.;'.J. C. Fish,
I. S. ; W. J. Tucker, O. S.
THE DRUIDS.
Frank Lewis, Noble Grand X*-ch,
and J. M. Graves, G. S.. visited Verdi'
Giuseppi Grove and witnessed the degTee
work performed in a very satisfactory
manner by the officers, who work in the
Italian language. "While in the place
named the grand officers instituted a
grove to work in the English Language.
The noble grand arch has been busy
I during the pant week preparing his com
| mittees and arranging a list of visitations.
Thi' grand secretary is arranging the
proceedings of the grand grove for the
printer.
The next grand grove session will be
held in riarervillo. El Dorado County,
where the first K-ove of the order in this
State was established.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
Following chiefs of Pocahontas Coun
cil were raised up recently by District
Deputy Mrs. Jennie "Weisel, assisted by a
corps of great chiefs: Mrs. Kate Scary,
P. ; ..Miss Agnes M'eMahon. Pocahontas;
Cora Van Nostrand, W. ; Thomas Scary,
Powhattan; Joate Walworth, C. of R*. ;
Mrs. R. Walworth, K. of W. ;
Mrs-. Jennie Weisel, C. of W. After the
very interesting ceremony Mrs. Kate
Scary. who became the prophetess of the
council, was, on behalf of the council,
presented a beautiful emblematic pin in
recognition of the many 'services the re
cipient rendered the council and order
during her term. There was a fitting re
sponse and a promise to still further help
the good work in which the council is en
i gaged.
34
BOSS REA AND
DICTATOR GOULD
ARE EXERCISED
Fear n Thorough Inquiry Into
Corruption Employed by the
(ianii ni Ai>nc\vs.
tlo>v Positions Have liccn Parceled Out at
t lie Insane Asylum Among I lie
Faithful.
NAN JV>WC .'■■.'* Ss.~The Idea Of *
'■' .-nth Investigation of Agnexvii In
*auo ,\n\hnn corruption i* not tatted
t»j- |tos» \lc<\ and M* follower*, for
that Institution »* one of their Msvjis
hi>M» )n Santa t'Ura i\nmtj\ Ivor
*lnce tho H*i;lUttl wail bttlH l><*-* has
been faithfully rrp»r»«r wed in the
Board or Trustee*, and it has
made appointment* «» h« dictated.
The l\ee nien hay« hung ©a with &nrct
tenacity, until iv« th<? s«"K' hlft* forty*
nine of the l<.>& employe-. In the AR»
nev>- etectt&t prcctaci there arx* but
UN «Y>ftlJ | t<'!VAt v.'fFis, «.nd it (j» thus
*afe to wy that with th<> vote* from
she asylum the gang t'.sj* the iMvotnot
* %>% > a lAvgT' r-'sajorlty.
it-. th<« J«»0 «Vs>oH thrrv* \vr>TV but
1» aw A\c<.fi&v .\( S»TB to Wich rtKi^nr,
TtUVk» Who AiY> «O\JU:^»v;<h\ \\iU\ ?\JCi\
tnsttiutlont ss*y t*^ jv?v<*ntAji\> v>f «•"
tpv.»'.s>r.s» t«> U tth.ttVUAlly J.-»vs^
WhOe \\<a. M'\\ Q<Hitd; «*>%>vA^ns' to
<!•,<•!-*« Ist r.o-^ouht that if G&Uld t» fv\r»
t\; \',aXe ®tf!Wgtii to !^.-x % ,w j*« c',eNMlv«» of*
Bee C\<> vott^ of Ajrnev* ■
tv- .«r-s,'\^;^t to htaV
■
■
. J
■
'■
t
. -
■
•V. S-. V.-Jft'v.MfSWi-V «-.-^;*T> iv.*f.! *»*!(>***?» K*J# v,^v^vw^»v 1 ,Nv« W vs 11 ,%>,i,,, > «,J W W>
■
v. ■ .«.*•«
Nfv tv\ \Vvwimk. «*?** .vnsn*-.-.n^.v. ■vj.-'.v-.wi.i.? <c ,v
. ■
■^V R><*A AT******'. .-.-.. . .A..S.V...«,M,>.«™WW.L« S-.->VN^-.^%W.V^%»^^^KSS%»VS^SH,S % S i>»| ** '«!
*»V. < V . %Vr»«% <*.rr--T.?«t .■...". .■.•.^-.^■>V->.V^S%%V-.S. M.^X'*aU .^^V%*>SV<.,%^S^SSV^V^,^SXS»HJ AM
tV". |A. ■ t l , *«.^»'i*?3 .^■V.V..-..-.-.ws^.>%^.,-.^^.i.-.-.v £>W
•* »3).. V. 'TV*-** ?'»-h>.'.s«v^%-.-.iv>^.vs«>. ;15»^ «»>»s>»«»» > »,Ms»»»%«.s».,>»»< Jtf' W
•CV "i, ¥& ;-r?,'<* Tit, >*lt-? .^,>::-,-.^::*::>.. ■...-.: <.\*V r >£ suv.^^^^^o^^^u,^,,,,,^,*,,,! <*W
•P. »WMtfS r»l*^ ,^.... ....... s.,.,v., ,.>,s«««,«s>v.« 1 >»»% NS^,s,-.«,»«ss^-.ii *?' W
*. ft. V>-*^ if.-AT.Xrr ■ 1 .«s^V.^,..^ >s%N% « svsssv%s% «,«^« 1W — ,„„,! its »
C*Tt^ WSSBWN*! ■■.■.•.V.-.^SSSSS-.-.-.N%»\H-.-.%V.5.. % ,^ % »vs>*VSSV>S»V>^» S»SS%-»-.%S*-.» VS^SN^H,.^^)! ».• M
"C. !fc W*>.MV *U W4»r.t^^^^-.-.S»%^SVSVS^SSVsL v „, »iU«U%»V, M«^SM f »t ?*
>
r US*"***. A!t**4»^S« v.-.,-.s,sv.»«««»^«« 1 «vs W v««v>««v»v,V «>«>vs>«««,,«»J «£<M
■
•-
V . •
t: v
*/&.* V.->»«1. »«»,t;M**i *;^W^.'(*r.t.■.^>•.•.•^■.^s^■.^',,..........v■.■.^^v^s^«^s^s^N^. «««,^««>«vi 4t «i
•\\ W »>«»**• ttMSIIlAlfttv ..•..•.^N%SS>-.-..S*.-«>;?*ft1«» >SS^^V^SN^S».^S^vx^SS,>^«^J *J, «'
x. ; x>-fftM*Nx-i!; i;* *«*.*•* *i t; «...,v.^.-.w,n.:.., ......... v .,^ ,«s,«vs^>«ss, w ,. v ,j stja,
*S. VH V**T.-.'ft $t»».T*;*7S trt-t'f.'ip'T.X . .....-.-.•.■... . v .vr»->-."«.-«* %«,««»■.»%«««»»««„«,«»„! 4* /C-
T, «> »^:>«^, fcj^i.1***-*!* *if«-T4* ?.«,., -.s% ■.■.•...■.-.. .««•„-:*■», m ,,««,«,«>«>«' #A. W
K. ft s>.*. T c. rk^ma?- *.»«•.".'<*!«, ?**?•» a...-.:,...., s^..s>««««%«w«s««»,««,s«v,«,4 W 1 *'
T>.-.W.*> iVl-l. *«^-.»:*'R5 *rt*-T?-n*r!« .•.•.^v^-s-..-.s-.-. S»,t««r 5jl-»^«H-.-.vs%vv^>^.vN^^N»,«s^ss*^.il *t- N.
V.. X^ t^r^vaf. »,«y.;»«-* r- i «T*»i»«..w«^SN W v,i v ,.... v . Vrt «, v ,, sw ii w^ M *>^-.*>s»,^n»s^,>^ 48 JU!'
:V.-*,Y-f.r.-. . M a= l *.i*r.'i rtidf.'IdT.t .^wmtw^wtL^UwUm^AVMmM «,s^U^.«^w%^J W«»
• \fe MWHKMM *'.tt>n>;)k3itv..vssN>vs>sss-.1,.....^^.... s^^.. %^ sv^ <>NSHHVS%s v.««>v.s W ,s^S 4t W
■A. '?■. ,"■•-<>>■?»«.•*, fcWi))**.tr'J 4S.?tX-S$.yA.:: . .s-s-.-. .^■. . : . . ...... ,,«s««%s»»«w»v, SS^>%%^^s^>s^»^il M i/l
*, i. R/wwo^R. **»S«rtft,rA *.5-»r.'!«i.rA-...ss»'.<.-.^'.% .......^^■.^■.•.^•.■.•.i.sv^s-.iv^.,>..v>h%vn-.s -.>-.%ns^s,.s1 &■ M-
*A XK S» ir£fli*h. *«rt*S*7!? *5r«.-.1».T.?..-.^s%s-.-.-.>-.\"'i»~f.».«- «ss«s\»ss«s«v^>««^,«v S>1 .,vi Jff W)
5fi. p.. x^^.y VrtR. «n»:«*T^ *U«.r..'ji.j;'5 ..-.■. ■-.•^•.•. '............ w w« wlsv>v ,««,, w « w v»U»U<%J JtJ, Wi
•St.. i-V«fc.?.^-,. «iw:M . *.X*#*tit-r\. \\ •"V* * t r. 7*. w^ww^whww^Uw^J W «5
•*.. J. t?-« i^?,fc. ».*«3»^ MMriSMMi 3' 4*S« *t « W i,. ...... ..^ %N% ,s* ws^s>.-,«««. «>.s«^,,«, —I n i5
♦¥•-. ¥-.> kVx*^«tv ?*»f«..sv,..v.v.v...^w.,,,.v. '^.te 1 ).* ......,s.....^....v.s,^ ...^v~.,,«. J « 7l^
A-. Xir**»». SOfciTSS-... .-.■.■. ■.■.■.•.■.«SV«.«««^ ..... >/J.^V.Tf>i*3A H-.^NS^..,NS^*N»%v%VSN^>S»V%^S«^i Xt, M
?5; V^»»->»»^t TV«r»*#- .........s-.-. ■.•.-. .■.......•.•. .•.-,.■.■.•.-.•.•. iXH >,£{•*. v .....vss,«N»«W«s«ss»^»> 4 s«,.W»,J if (W
■Wf. . n. tev*!-^ fW. fc » ».ij">3 *-»f-->>.Tf.fc* .. ........ :V.-.rf>!.-«.TO Ks W w-.v«v«WNS W s«w«swJ 41 N
■ft r. J»K-W,, .-tr:i^.^ r,if-ri*'«.->.... ..,..,,,-.,,■.,..: ......:.., ........ .... s^ if, W,
**.i. WflwWWBk, rft«-'-';t t;cM»-<,?*.sw.v.%-.,..:Kn'!(i ..■..■.,...,....^,«v.™«««w>s-«^«v,svJ 4/ ;,;
V!., ft. 5\W.i *•*••« '.-ff-rnvf.. ......... •.■......v..... . ■ r»>.':t't tiWrtj^fcOS«.ii »»«;w»«Uw^ SI (V
t. >f.>,T<»i.^., •«*;--.■«>«•* ... .....,...,...'............. w . .......... w -^U»<^*UwU*%»w>fc*U»U*%| W /.
*r^ W*. K^Mk, tWMt(MWt>( l-n-.Vr..-^..... ....... .. o«m<*-W- ,^«« w .«««««vsv.,>« w «,sv! ..; nr
•W". r. eftSWrtWk. fc«-:r-M.ri .;«.^-^--*.,-« ■ **S%V»«r- i \-.4 irr ,- m - ,., ..,,«,s, W s«sH^^«sv«! 4'W
1 ft. WflWH »-ftf<v«.>'.^ l^r.Si'RW- . ...•.-•.... ........ -Ami'Mi 4S ,w.«w WW sw»s»«wv«mvi.'J ift «•
Vr/,>.^ ipJIr**. »>«a-^-«-ri x'«*-»-t*>.;* *-fc,-- 1 >^«.- . ..><,..• f..i^!«i Ctjr«r.-* WW « WSSN « ,J }U. flf,
•A p, O». '.■:»•«. \ t vr-r.-it ■«•.,•.>^..... ,..-.■......... OtRWAr *wwwww>i>v,w^sv.^s> W vJ » W>
A. 5^. »'5« h ;:.t*f, j ."V-Tf, >|l,Pf, . ...........-.■.-..-.....•.•..-... ....,.,.,.....,„„,«„„, VtVL^^Wl.T.Wii-L'T.I.'wi.VLVI.vJ W'Mi
£. x'l \--^X. ?^ < m Ti«.n^.- ..•..-.-.■.■.•■-••■-■.■.••—.—.•;.,;...,, .....^ ss%^ v .. w> . ms^^wU -s-C!; Si fU
Jfe Kffjil-.^,. ,-»:•*. t,*t!fi .. i . .-...,,-.,,,,.,,■. ...,,., -.,;tt>dt». v^U^^Us^ . s^££] *!■■ -I*.
■• • " » i"
Xt Swt-TnK, V/rr. Kr/.... ..■..-.-.■. ■..-.■.•.,.■...•.■.•..•.. s. .................... vs V .-., W s W .«ss,v.,v.«v,,.,.w Sf./ifi
•.«.. "R.. > n.';f'""' - .'>.-v.'i >*.<«'fn*'7r? tn«* ......%^.. ...•.■.%•. :>Cflr»>>i."Uit» >,s%v.« v ,stov.w^^«va«v» w .s! aji-W
Vf*T--.n. >^W-.v. -..-,•. ■.•.-.-.■.,..,-...v...v.....-.-,. ....... ......... .......... . wwws « V^VMSVWS^^J SS. N)
■ • e*r «/ N
>i;.^l/>r,«,. 'Jt'tftarrj- >?*>>.•.■.•.-.. -•..-.,•.•..■.,,■.: ...... ........... , T. V vtvi.vuu<iCxin.vLV.-. --ZZCZ ' » .'i
1
- ' ' "' • -.i m
T Kft'r*; «,K>:i«f«ri i*i.r./:-v>».-<, K9 /IA.1-* ».! fc ... ... ■ «..ww • ; ! f* t\fi
| gj
T.. '.'V.rr.r. ..-..-.-.,. t ; tttgft rfl •., ...,,-..•... .,..-,■...,,,, " . ...................,. v % W^*i«»wM»v« l *JZ^J *l> III
' V . WWil-kf, M , ■.-•".■)«. rt ..... ...._..., .................... ..^., ......... .- 4 ,fl t^. ty^if%.Ti..-.........s....v-.w. w^>..^...^^Nvs W J d -ill
T5- v 4t*JW». «..T.-^..«.t,, .......................... w.-.s-.^-.......,>^ v -,,7, fi41M , ..............w.v^,..^,.^..^^^..^...,....!) af. W:
-I III
' . "'
;■ B
» n/
it m
nrrr.v.-.iuij. » 11
jgt^S^siasi^ --n^^r;:;^:;^::^ 1^^ ™~ — v -~^ ±1 SS
. ■ i, . > o, ni
• »\. ■-.,.. . L ■ •** '**
•4., S MXV^Vtm.. vwtrttrC: •.■.-M.^lWr*,,,, „,,.,.,, ■'^^,* -•-••'--••••—•-'•-•-•■•——•-■ —--; f> W
» i&Bfr*, MQllRftttUt fcrr..,,»!i,r : j., .,,................,,-....'! •.■.■.•.•.-.w.w.w.s-^-. w .-.v,~v w^ w .v,; 8.. Wi
-"». A, *T*r>'M t.w,»ufcf; «-;-^ni)t.W,...,.,,, w ..-,i. nWA v.,v,.,v,,™v.v.^ », <in
Vj... ». »-.. <:rr,f'».,-.'.r., fcwisuffcf.j t,;i:Hf!>t« l .m.,,...,...>.T ,V,;,^.: ■•■"'■"••■• •^•■•■•■■-■••••— -■•■•••■--•---■■-j g»
»M .aW<«\<?). t/rr.f.ilt-T.i. ., .. T '"" r^ .-.•.■.....v..-.w.-,.-...^ w ....^.. w .^..,.t .»,nfi
i«;h* . .,.- , »«:.(;iti i..-r».n;i..rvi ;;.;.;...;.. ..;.;.;.;.' i [?r r ';'";?""'*^**"' w-> i*"******"^ s^
: ' ■ '
ki *»o--.f^!/., t .-.-.-.,■.'!«. „; tr..': *•«, Trr-m*. 'r ' -•■•■••■••■•■•-•-—- w-. •.w.v..^.w... w ....^., m m
Er<?W*W**fh Wrft* * r.-.-.n/IC»,-i. J ilv."* ■*> ft T" ■•-■■•••-'■■"•^-^-■•^ vsv.w^.*vww-, «T.'W
* ni
mw ASMWh, >/.if«j.m».[/l .•.■..•...•^...•...■.•.....................ll... '•" sw --^"- •—• ■'.v^...-^ v .s^^.,..,^,..,..... t ?Mif;
5, oiwo, lh««»«n*rt ....•..,■...•.■..■.•,...,....,..,......... .....,, -.-.•^.v.-. w . v^. v.-,.-^^..,^.^^..^.^..^] :>i no
wwwwtti^**, -hncKnmft:)* ........................ .i.y.;,'.;;\'"""""''" w " •^••••■'••'••'••^•"""•■'••••••-■-«-: «■•'«
«,. ¥cj'»rh, ww. fi-rrfnJn, * ■"WKfr-wwi, 5 fl«c< •</iri;.V.",'.V/.2T" v *'' w * v — '"•■■»"'**-'« r | .» «,
„ ...Jr.j.TT'*' ' . -• 8 r J
"v.-i. i.
-/..-*
&
i ■ ,ii ._> -=«=«_ = _-^_________-___L____ %*n*4 .-.^«.^.^.-.-....... v . v .................... .^^.......SLVOl t&
SHiSte»>3^ " f5> ' * *•* " IHivwt '«b~«Mtt «* «* **««* ta- '»*•
■
■
I ■
Pears'
,\r.\r.;-. : .;'.:\-c .-.:*./. ;\v.::-
©nay m siuving-.. A
baki fer the skin.*
it wai to Increase ht* patronage that
Qould took the responsibility upon him
self to expend over $2vX) of the State
j money by placing a detective In lh«
[building to gather evidence for the dis
missal of employes appointed by his
..;;<■.;-:.■•. By this means he strength*
) <-i-r,; the twjitim politically for himself.
I nnd If he COtnes up for otttoe. he and
< Kt-i* win be able to make a saitsfao
j tiM'y .. al for the county. His Hawk
i ■ ha.* was a failure a»d failed to M
j CUM any damaging evidence. Instead
the TourtUlott and Madlgaa episode
! has COtt\e to lljiht .-.•.•..'. caused an erup-
I t<.>v,. The Investigation about to be
| hold la m undesirable to Gould, the
i wou!d-tv> leader of the State Democ
] racy, -•■ It 5s distasteful to the Rea
j gang, who have dominated the county
i politically for many years. There Is,
I however, a possibility that It may
| smash the Infamous combination be
i t vvre!) the Democratic, State boss and
■ the ruler of th« corrupt Republican
• county machtne.
PREPARING TO* TAKE UP
THE AGN^WS SCANDAL
Employes of the Asylum Being M*.r
sV.:-,'..-.:. in the Itif Ttij of Dr.
Sponoglai
San JOSK, Joly SJ»r-Jx»'Bt When tfc*
• L?osurd *>f Ttumcos ©f Airnctcs A».yhnu
,'wUl ta*-<> up . ••:- Investigation of
I »*>,AriW!« »>f tr.nwraJ conduct Against T\
T, Tourttttett *Jvi Mr*. K. Mi I |M ij**
\ {vfettita <»nUrx»ly v;jsin th<» c tnehntoa of
I the l\vrk«r win ea&& Ntchc&ia •■; . N> .
Utaflu *ttAr»<>y t:\ th* <Na*«\ has tx'on <>n
' ga^d by t>r> SpSwajg)« to lobJc :.-...- hi»
j Interest*, a;'.v\ US S.'.V «* IN I* at Üb*
i NVvt ThvsrsdAy h*» iv«r. wi<>tttU-vn<s\ A*
i th« «(sv\ bui $i '.* hardly .■--:-.■:; trUl
\bi>. (akw yip th^tt, Th? f<j«Knvlnjr Men
; dtsiy st^-tv.s a more Wwiy *!«?*.
Ch»tr«%n Curnow will tfe-«bnrbTr
I have ?.VTYtary Mo*t4KHSs«ry rwUfy
' "'t? I *^** "SVXtltzn*. "ptm&Stiftt Mlt 1 •
• '■••' * -i ■' ■'■■ >•* ■•■ r :hi ••>, .-■■.« .-, ,v f
- ; ■
■■•■■' •■- "*•• '•■••■* • ■-"■ ■;-<■'.<. .i-s i:..-.7 ■*-.;
' ' ' • "'THff»
• ' .■ -i. . ,
■ ■ ■ -
::£**^** **ttift wrjfcttw xiiai msK-CTd- (&imra
'..Tmti**.-. Tfcn ttSsft
||2f»*»fe 1h«- lit'Viiiimi -v.im *tt Dfft «© Ttv/6
-•t> - ; '
lj!w;EKi«a«O;i«ii «nd '^riu^lnf: the tf»H«frn* |
| Ct ;»? «J«> «ijfi the ■ <?« «cra«»cj= •w^n s
■■ ■ '
■■■'■■■■■■* ■■ .Ml •,■•«■!,:.;-./ -.-.•,•.; ,
ij^-KWK)^- tto^JJCj- «* it* -vihtitJwjr itt 'W/uiia
j > *'«* i 1i 1 ■■■'■■ :i - ■ ■■■ ■ t«> .■■.- m
• r< -**» »•: '. ■; :; .-i.-.-i,
• '' ' • • ■•••••;
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
Bated OB '• "trrot. nrni destroyed thorn.
tin well .-in the i>iiiitinK otiW-o of th.- 1.0
tniHiio l,i:uior: :>ls>> n sti>r<> Imillillmk nml
binrki>mlth - shop owned by a. Moonoy.
The itor« whii occupied by B, Preeea >■»
n wilt. huiiiUor'M whop. l*rnctlcnlly noih-
Im- \\:i.-i t>HV«d, M t!io <'!'<■ bUniM vory
rapidly. Th« log ll <-<um:it<-.i nt J2si\»;
Insurance only $400.
BLANCO MAKES LIGHT
OF SANTIAGO'S FALL
Issues n Proclamation Predicting
Disaster lor Americans if They
Attack Havana.
HAVANA. July 22.— Captain General
Dlanbo hM Issued the following proclu
mntlon, announcing the capitulation of
Santiago. It Is dated Havana. July
17:
"After three months' heroic defense
nnd many bloody combats, owing to i
si-.-uvlty of ammunition and victuals,
the |%ITtSOII of Santiago do Cuba has
boen forced to cnpltulate under houor
nble conditions and with the honors Of
war. This occurred on the 11th day Of
July% when it was jvcojsrnlsod by the
brsive Spanish froneral of the vllvlslon
Who whs acting commander Of the
I place that resistance, \\:\s useless and
that he could no longer hold the place.
Notwithstanding that reinforcements
had been possible, and though he
should receive such from Mansanlllo
and should still suffer further losses
and bloody combats; and might put the
city In a better condition of defense,
he was still face to face frith the tact
that reinforcements would only make
I further Inroads upon the already great*
iy consumed nnd nearly exhausted
{ston» of provisions of tha Spanish jar
rtson. The city was thus placed In ■
| very lamentable condition. The situ
ation was anticipated, and caused creat
[depression to the Spanish tore i
I "The occupation of the elf of Santl*
jajro by the military forces of the A "'.i ■:•
i leans is lacking in strategic importance
owini to the fact : that the city had
i previously been blockaded for a long
I time by th« American ships, and will
I have little or no effect on the develop
ment of the Spanish campaign which
Ms to decide Spain's fate. The Spanish
j army is Intact and tacer for glory. It
;It willing to measure arms with the
(Americans, and on this army the King
lof Spain, the Spanish Government and
i the hole country i lac i the trust of
.defense at any cost of the integrity of
) Spanish territory and the honor of
I Spain's Immaculate flag.
'This army Is sun to be triumphant
jan I victorious. At the last, In spite
of so man] dangers and Impedimenta,
I that it will show puce more the Indom*
I Itable spirit and vreU-knovrn military
talents .-'. our people is the hope and
I expectation of your general-lr.-chlef.
NATIONAL REGATTA
OF AMATEUR OARSMEN
rHILA.DEJLTHIA, Jhsly ;; Rm t««
i xy^xxh aa&w] wjrxttA of lh« NA:Jc\na.l
| AMoelMtoa ■' Amaiteiar o&rsa«n pWMd
I fc*r« to^Say, Or* cbaiapliMishlp pria*
I fPWkt t» Twra»t<s, Mother to Worcesbw^
; ar.xl th« othsr :w ■ u> rhUa«!«ii\hSA .-vvw*.
• Tt» gttrpxiM vt lh« i?Ay ... th* d«t«*t
!of WltEnt A -. : TtMap«&a, th<» Arjrotnayt
I etauapton jNAir-c-sr^t *Js<>il er»w of
[ TV-j\,iat« hv K\Ser *r.vs Soott of t&e r«sa
• -
| Joy fAT.*,«. *r.»i Ws c2ubKiat#, IrfTrt*, ww. ,
: lh« stAtar «svVuVii« scuiJ* ia fi^« styJ*. i
tnt«m^St»t« st^f*# seu^J*, firs: fceat,
: >■• '■ . |
' : l*a> R C, N#tc York, second; Tsr.v#, *;Ji.
: tnlercav&At* Jir.jrt* s*u;js, **^'.5.5 r.«*t.
'. n.• • . .. x >.
: Mass. . wv«; is £, \V«-#;, iliil SireA^s 15,
—
&«ntwr <Sca>vs* seolhi, ht-»t — S. EL i
- . . : ; L '•'■■ . "
■ ■
■
i $*■,■»«, Jv.w, *»J »T, CV Jl-vUyv ,*:TvvJf*, IN«a
'■ *x3vAata iv. Ci r^S3*«t*ir^.iA, first: K. SX
s ■-.■<..■"■ : ■..-■.• ." .
i S*r>Jksr {'.■>siT-ftAWv's si*JQs, £r-*s— sKT¥*<-jsxiat
i '.■ C, 7V*wat*v w««a; And R. C, s>ak.i?J-
I m.'**; etoetaAz \V**t-«ra K~ C, $i, !*«£«,
■
■ .
•: ' N ••■ft t V - -
»■» ■ '■■■ —
rn-X-EP thi vrsoxc* eulxs
M.*:*if c.i t. C.fr* t.: W;..c..ur:.-r.
: ; ?■■•-'■< ; ■ < >.i ■
j S\.'.V.r: A. Frif<srt*si* «if CS«2it«raS» va> |
■ ■
.--■ • . ■ -
■ ■ - ■
tWfca *•** 8«fl : JCi scr-Ti»o«st Set ssai^
■
; i S£J B<«»#?i of S-wit'd* a* Bftstrteft Aiwrc
-
i - jk. csfeiaJfc* Basw fcsy * ««« £s t 5«
--■•■ -
< .
i ft*T=r» f,lkvs .->-•; nir« "».T.vasr i-Aia^.. Frt<>4~
; c&t&a teas a.-.n^piS «tf lire Brtiftaftw *ai
, c*><i«Kis* i *vs fti vfttsm fir* ggaawSwJtewi jtfdi '■
;■•: <.:.<. :.:■:•■ '.: < >.<*:-::■■ itt-Tt :*;:
i VnaxttAi'* '$&■*&s*& ?«ra;.T-ja Is js swaS* et
- ■ . ■ :■: . . '- . . <
x •-. • sV*.
*— — —
::iTNv:::Ti ha::.
,; TxrftstT^TSr* 1 :.:::&.- i A:r?s ;f I
C *.>;>.■ ■ n n . ; . r.: •. : . .
I i -f, f, ■; < ■.< - , ■
";. .; < . ;<■;■ ■{. ■ :■}>.> " . • :.f
|j *3r«wi w<e»S <cv«r I>^*« fcßwwstb^a 5a AN |
' /!~«fcl 3r.*-*fc* cftT*-": ©. ZDtJtT^TriT.lft. i!4ll{i acres:; '■
'■ TRsvS&t Ew*i sa/ifi warns; !'. Jt. : •■:■■ .- am
| aforesK; J, in. , $3tib wjn^ fe j. r
j Laaegw,, law aisNac in. JL Jxtzzatc^ rmc !
13-fi«t1 3-fi«t » Jvrt i.ifr., %»d wifcxj- "JmiU ftitfUrm* tit j
! w.fes-f>£ €b*a iff) ji«- ■■wa;s. <Bt s^t Snawmr* iicft |
; lCr«icre&. S.-c»fc ff*aw«c* asaj- Di-i** siMte j
>
&&£« S^r* -SitfrtAissi. i
T-XUIJ3EBTCX. Jhils- -22.— ; Twa '^rc»7ii^of «t
S n i :•. ■ ■
■■ ' ■ - -
■ l» - ■ s : | ' s
i ttiwiir OtMita *."iih .-fc'ifiMw* ..). -;...■ :. 'ITtl«^y
... ! ~
.. - ■■
- - :
TLOPr. >«? <&t*d]«*-i .:>< 'Sifaiatsay <Bsq
7>r«j»:iß.c iin fuvsoc .^fcr£jtf£to&, mt^lt ttt
!
. ;s . ■ •> :.. ■■;■> : •
:.-i .- . !!*.•*/ ffc»a a^naitKg- fine <Otta^\
&:-&H<,. Mb <& t£htm?. ■-; : ..>,.:■< is&umi tta j
; v 21 v.. - : . ■■ ■•
■• -■■ Bta ■ ■■ ■: ' :•■"- - .
I : • r H2I ■ ■ • •■:
■ : v ..-, : . ?■:• ' :•*„; I
v .;. ■
Jlfl» ■ ; ■ - , " . i ; ..>
■ ■
'• ■ ■ -
p ■ fit*«r ant
*<ci<Scra, 3sas ithnre li£ '/ffilj- <«ne isrcijJt tO)&
«ufr snajadtnaj itti ttSit •"wihdle .III!.
it, * f.-r*iiui.3:iTjjc ni&m,. us- %-err
'- ■ - I
rmmtt 'ctoili jfciaiil She <n«n2R;sfms .->? &
if/fflfljre «fct*trps&. I^ttt "wijjtit i ■ ift U*=
tw> 'km«v ffhti <OTJt3* tYcye rout •/ .mi B'itr
naamfi Us*
•wnanMi- 1 ' tafl . ■■tfaiii.
*:-... r-i.- ■-...■•I -.;,.;■.- v.) «CI! ■-,• >;.
-ISJioiinrit; -ptut?*iiiii*«a ctunmwKtniw ffnr
JRfvar iiwlM»«; ittw JMlaw. iTurticUUirt « ai«j*m
n.. n- m ittdlß «L, WJOOI V • ij
DARK PLOT OF
THE REA GANG
School Superintendent
Their Victim.
TRY TO RUIN HIS CHARACTER
THE CUNNING TRICK PROVES A
BOOMERANG.
Sau Jose Citizens of All Parties Unite
in Condemning This Latest
Rascality of tho
Biitfttan.
SAX JOSE. July 81.— The attempt of
BOM Reii to besmirch the character of
County Superintendent of Schools L. T.
; Chi] man by Insinuations of dishonesty
, li proving i boomerang; and the best
olttsens of the city and county are con
demning this last move of the boss.
For twenty years Chipman has been
Superintendent of Schools, and In all
: that time not one breath of dishonesty
has been uttered against him. The
proceedings at Tuesday's meeting of
the Board of Supervisors was ■ revela
tion to the good people of the city, for
In the transaction they say that the
gang that rules our schools will stop
at nothing to carry their purpose.
The bill of $"4 TO for expense ac
count, presented by Chipman, is just
and correct, and he can present the
bills of those with whom the expense
was Incurred to support It- There is
some doubt now as to whether Chip
ma» is not entitled to bis salary as sec
retary of the Board of Education every
time th« board meets whether he is
present or not, as he has to perform
certain duties after each meeting. it
wks on his bill for $120 for services as
secretary that Boas Ken, with the .v.d
of Supervisors a..<: Stern, ayes and
Rea, tried to show that there was dis
honest Intent on Chtpman*s part to
draw money from the co-juty for work
not performed. Chipmaa had made a
mistake In copying his bill, .--■. ; . had
charged traveling expenses for visiting
county schools on the same days that
he had charged for his services is sec
retary of the Board of Education.
The attempted expose was prear
ranged and was the culmination of one
v' the most cunning pieces of political
work ever done in the city. The Su
pervisors did Rea's bidding, and SO did
H. M. Bland. EJmer Brownell and Miss
F&tt*y, members of the County Board
of Education. The gang had been
Wailing for an opportunity to "roll 1 "
Chtpman. because in »1! his years In
ofik-e he has held aloof from them and
has not taken orders, Mis* Farley and
BrovrseH .... similar charges in
their tails, ... they were allowed to
correct them. Not so -with Chipman.
When he examined the law and found
there was some dwabt as to being en
titled to seven days' — MS — he want
ed to reel -". by deducting this
smount from the $1W charges! Instead
the members \ce.re cste-d to appear and
testimony was taken .-.?'. whether
C&ipsvfea "era* *:•-..:; .1 to the "■ -->
This was 6©Wy for the purpose cf ln-»
Jurinsr hint poJitfcaJly.
Re» has premised the cS« c* Coca- i
ty S^ir^sintoidest of S*2«>ols ;o either
i Bratra«U or Bia»3 — both • ■;:•.:■•:■ 6$
| the Visard ctf Edocattottrauad this sc-
I coasts for these abets" arJm-s r*v
xrard Caipsaaa, The members of the
BNtrd ©f y .....:.: . -.-. *^*rrdne the ; ..-
Ij&s* exasa .... ■ papers at their
j fedaae&i sisal It was lor tibsrsea s»*s*
C» this w«rsc that it was attenuated to
I prare test ■-..■ overcharg-fri
i the wssty. Darius all <:-:.< Chip-
I r-Aa was praeat at his «23ee at wreck
I <&n board xain\::-> and It ssrt» as
.- ..i- if any fine ■■■ era ?v:.:>. : . to hi*
pay, h* was. Miss Parfey and Brow
sb&l were both txouehißS sch-ooa as-d con
! j*<afcaT2y essM 'dewte bat a few- Jyoar*
**eh day to the trsark, yet they ehArp*- 3
she twaSity $3> p«r day.
la sp«<aiirg ©I th* - t. '.: t : ?;»-^ar
Oeasty SssjwtateateHi Chircaan s.*si;
Th* vito3« barfs*fcss is ■:, *-l'd rc^ts-^AI
<■■•::■■• (v.i-;-f-;: by '■'- ■■** Rea -■■ '•"■?
p«?r>i»* «S Ss^aitnir »c p?uStscaily, I
Ihave r<-Ja**d ta wsrajftp; ?i«t <ie
sia»is .••: Am tieaa la tin« as»«a«S3Hß*»t
©t trastffts. 'is?i to «stteer itvs. *j&3 a*
carrf>d hi* dispifAS-ir*, >,ai th#* .if <«■
ttata Bawa**Ki «4 *£* GafseaXS of
ii .Si-aeatitaa, to :•: ..*3BS sv> w» wSta siie
ioaaJsstSSy 5= ixt&zf; swsajr SzsxsSz
! jrailrr ot 'Bffipr«r«ssaaci3 ©ccs-Swca. a:
; -si/c ttxwe =ay WHI tas^sated (ta i2se.
| 1 was- -csder Cbe bapsnessSaaß tJbaft
li I "«■*.* *at2ilos t® -sy sa2iry 'as «*cre
i T.SJY yxi.'i*€i-:vr sii* V>ari wis In Carcaati
. ■ - ' - >■ s> .■ .-.
T?.-* «sastte3as lift Uv I fiyaai
j there «sa i. *6mM aa -i^gMTdtft say fc«^
| lag *a-JMf»i to ♦•ht tftw «««-a±a iiT^
I *»<5 ■west- to Uie r^iscat Bt lire .Isoird
ii «S < ->■:-."■"■■- <el
; tJEiTsriT^Sr.r iU ■ira'htfal '&fey* £rrca ts«
j! wai, :.::..:.. !■ ;-::.- : ': aa^ beaa
1} vmcptfs&s taJko. ir«xs Cba £3s* toot Tc-e-
S.Twa «Sa jjos^ftsatr <ot *» fifing
I (eawa^si. It -as nir* «rasn-a=i «d! Cte
■ bsaona ta atSlow <carr*csScsss ts ra sais
I 6a >i2ll« fcaStero £wJ »al<Oot Ss ttfcsa -spas
f ....-.."■-■■• S?scr.erci*<ors Stenn
i I.'-: ".: -.>;.: I . ; - .'. •:■•: '- >' *-" ■ *- •' ;
! 5fl«B tcfckxa «s«sn wcr *£a, wSsfcei
'*« sa'r* «m Ar . ■ <*.-•».•■
j U2se tbSSJ -fc* 3 <*Si ar>t .was-t, -nriStsr -axt
1 tf£rc!C=2s.?ASM)si, to '£r&"«- =3aa«r tta -wia^
I 'w-s.f wca 3«^aS3y--«£tsyf"£.
*"3S* 3ri!if3*fcßs tei til* '■&*&«* vA Vim:
trtcvtiEzzs *x?*tSiS*£ TesJa3t«?fi teasa as
.... ita ««r(yiSsp lirfi^'Hni, tan teJT ttij*
S (£ts:e* -fSTtm TCfa-e ipsrt *"<'* *a *5
i x-astcti <&* Hii* tifcae -. Ibfe riisits ■*>«:•?• naxaft.
■ .
■ ibS'f; Sis wait 'c-OTrcf3»JoiS«»£« to^e .at*
; tfci2#«3 to tta :■ ■::■■ "■ ■' ■■■'
! 53i35-<srft, iaia (fitcfia^ «iie ;• . "ft .^ '■"
year 3 isit 2a sunrs fen
Twvc-'k iQjfia £m* -*sy ! ?Wi«r sassaaaar s*
*£be
"TTt sa* ■Jieoa i&£ *Ai? <Bf 'tw^cy srs&a
iSt in t^Jjo isas s*?s*<?£ to <riO3y
-■. ■ - ;
ifii'S Jj»i 2jrransf2 4a -error satxzier -p&~
I iiftfle, -4»£ .1 cica wctt -sniasTp-aiug 3ie
..:-.-.■■-- i,"n?>lie2 sc-3S*bss 3iea. to
-.-••) I.: satin <wEoe fto 2^*? t/csas."*
'31h* BntC'S ( ftf Stojffln^aiw 2iS* ;„?
- •' ■ ■ '
j toot < c!h!t7Bnii3J > 'i ; >«jfß». H2Jls aaty
i ri'it.i to niT3i}£n»si^Kt s'f^C'eltaSons- ?Kr ttiie
KKcafcisr* «ff t£h* rbnara. <On -^xme HD
! Swim t&c ••■.:.' m fcMfl ?ca£ <oa *.
I Bi2Etfr< ■rih.fensnt?'*. <rois& <efil, *w«C>, *©g.. 3j«us
> ■ > ■ Bflu its B •■.:■!» a
Hlhicnnas* - ' *ftrnnj?t 'i3rt« otitr <«7i7in«ae
'©ptr«tefc T3T-«rKrftt f * £-,-'-' sad jfn«t
Wdtay h*> TtftinoTifl ?anirt«fc to «dbodls yiKh
. •■• • i ONHJHQP Stan M I
wmKudrom. THbf < ' • v*-i
JJltp 'Rnsa^fi off 'at
•v ••■.- r.-'f-Tifitaafoi *iff TRmrtsiW! 'isiauh*aE
ncoH.-TStoKt.iim. -THns tdJaaiacf acre ttjtmt
iStum • ■vim ' 1|« «aaSft«a tEJwni ffnr im irs
'^KßiJcian. SI «he feBOD^ w«re ffaiTriljaipa
&©•■««. soh.itil ttrsjJtti I *. 3* Ift 3s £hW3£±ta
tfhej- .'Winro^ *3i5 tttae t»ni an«3e <Etlt itn tfihs
wtTJie «ff-SSt«rn. a"hsn sr>f<fSi ifhe Supar
xite»r «a»fi *h* (traffcpfe «2*. .fttiiSaUfitß.-a.
<Sri2aa ffcrr ltirw»«:tS3!aJitß». ; T-hfc «dhortflr
■ i
|| intrcilies iff 4iag- UitnS "to t£lu; 'xißy.
EXTENSION OF
THE BLOCKADE
Now in Effect as far East
as Nipe
NORTHERN COAST GUARDED
COALING STATION SOON WILL
BE ESTABLISHED.
Flagship San Francisco Reports the
Need of Light-Draught Boats
to Cruise in Among the
Cuban Keys.
Special Dijpntch to The Call.
KEY WEST, July 22.— The San Fran
cisco arrived at Key West at I o'clock
this morning She will coal and return
to her blockading duties. The flagshfp
came directly from Nipe, the blockade
having been extended along the north
ern coast of Cuba to that point- This
has been done in accordance with or
ders received on July 11. On that day
the flagship, together with the Prairie,
Badger, Topeka and Maple, started
from Off Havana in order to extend the
blockade. It was a foregone conclu
sion at the time that Santiago would
"capitulate shortly. It was thought
Pan would probably tall back to Hol
e.::" and make bis way from there to
Nipe or Nuevitas and thence go by
boats along the keys that stretch
along the northern coast to Sagrua la
Grande or Cardenas and then by rail to
Havana, la order to prevent supplies
reaching Pando and to cut off his re
treat the extension of the blockade was
determined upon.
It Is the intention to establish a coal
ing station somewhere: along the east
ern • art of the northern coast and a
point near Klpe probably will be se
lected. There is urgent need of some
light river boats which could be sent
Into the keys between Xuevitas and
Cardenas in order to destroy commerce
that is carried on under their protec
tion. It Is supposed Pando has left a
number of shallow water boats within
these keys— the boats which he used as
transports In going- to Santiaco and
which he will us again should he at
tempt to retreat to Havana.
EXPEDITION TO NIPE
ENTIRELY SUCCESSFUL
Admiral Sampson Reports the D*
struction of the Spanish Cruiser
Jorc« Joan.
WASHINGTON, J-cJy 2*.— Ta* foDovins
n;£s*s.pe has be*a received ai the N.vv.
■■
"PLATA. Jc!r ~— Th* 6xr*-*lt!ea tojj
X!p»e fc&s be#.n <:;iir*jy successful, al- 9
ihO'JLjrh the rUses had sot beea reraoveds
for w cf tin*. Tie Spa^s-b crsalser I!
Jars* J«aa, deSeadlzic the place, -vr&s de- 8
siroy-e»3 vitbout toss oa oar pan. Tbe jj
Asasapalis asJ Wa?p afterarari ;it>oc«»2- I
fed Cross Mr? to> assist la Qtm ls.=ila^ of?
the QMaxaaadlßS jrer.#nLi of tie srssy ©a
hJ$ srlval at Per:© Kic-i.
"SAMPSON"."
XTASHIXGTCCC' M[ tL— The brief r*=
r*rt fr.-.rr. Aisslnul Sub&sob. <iedaria.c 5
ii# stkv<*^ ©f iif expa&tsaa io Xj?*, is :
reAiJy «•©;« in:rc.rt*^t tissa *^-«ars cja j
the - ..rftur*. Tfc* t-*y of 2C3p* Us* on Us* I
ECrtSi eciast •-. Cs%e, ~ xtmrm <±lrrcHr
Msrtoa tii# IslaaS :- ■-.• SaotSa^o. It as j
ysre>jw>s*3 ta estalsJSsh s. tsase Ihere^ Trhsc&
■wiU say* « MS) tiro »£ay^ ti=:e la p»i- i
t!z.|r ?\.v ■> Sbib ... : . .— .■.-•v...r:-.\ with ■
Uat Saatlajro roast*: It w23 &s*=s fecra *
pKtd ikAdl Of C'Tnjraiii'.ris ajras7i?t HoSg^liu,
Mft fir dSfTJtrt, *=i Jf it *.iff>-iM tfevea-oa I
exforfasi:*-.^ tS&as * r**traiaia ii&ac |!
xv*. se ■:■:-. •--.;- Saitfacß, irzs-sli h
b* -&n e£T«tsve ra-fuazis cf i&Qtos tiiii.
COifP.OaON* OF ihb v ttESi
La*-. ■*&£ S-y- S^VriJff Cacapaa- 1
lea Mrs* YtesScS* OerntSS Knd ctfber s :■:■,:: r. |
;■£. :-i-n -<*~:- a rirft to O*3das3 *2>a is- !
* :t r> :*: * H :
SiSpwase '- .- - CM** OessTatiiSca Mrs*. ■
B*T*r?>i?.3 xsd Becpresae Graz>£ Sticrefcuy :
SstwiUJ* CSLrdl*, lie KjanHUnuay betxc a peS£ !
lie -cdft. Tii* ssjrte ©25«3-s irruSloi sis ■
©Seers ©I Cs3MtaroSi CSrdie sad liras.* ©I
Svaaiff* CSrriifc.
Tib* lylllfiim ft T~'t :'. Hn T^awst C£2>- :
1-". ■:■:?.« anAjSs**i . Jfc» Asii. ■...;; :
*«t Use siL=af -i-erins izt&taHf*& Unas* va. >
'•:.-■:■-. Ctotfle s.~ :. :.: :7: 7 ? dteae ■■? :r?
o«r«&. - ay Siia R SbwU rise re-ilrir-r «i3«J j
©iosjaiSLfiCi, "wiii pnsseßadxd * vtry •-;.-■ !
7 - .■* ■-5 ■'. ".—<.:-. ."■—•: ■" ■• -« ~
a . ." - •. -£ Twits FViiJc*
- • - . ■ : f
P> «, C C
Tezr&TT $&r%. M'MTffiv tessasSJi'a tit* (nSrxo l
.. r: ':. '. .' - ' : J. : ?■ -
i£ca>LsS., «f§tT>*ts<«td -ja SteastiJtlraa tin -.— -
! **•»"? icwl; in* ibea tk* --;;--■
jis Jißs^arc.
S^pTfsra*- SsiN-riSrf 0.-cKrucdi-o itr?;. Oet
c ■* r-f-r* •:?■« ■■■ ' t
■ jiScwf '£»* OJifSty "CSrdJf.. uaS &£ tiw- 'dJ.*>j<? j
I <Kf 15»e 'rwwsaasy MSs^ Rn'S* Sisnsz, ii» i '
-•■ :~ : £ T--.5: : ' •' : « >•> :"• r .-■ : ?. ':«
'.S^rt- ?dOrfljrtrjr - •-■ -« eft 3tefQSee C2rri!»i
tk«sw tnsttaltoa *it- X, KaJtoHnw, v G. C t\, i
*^»fl Jttr*.. Rj v Mrcry.-tr.. ?>. £. s Mrs. F. i
IL. T^a^-JOnSw.. C. C~ If M Cera "v" v t-fnaca, 'I
j - - - . ; - ;.  : .. - • .. ■
WiStft, T.. &.Z v. s« ". .. -■•.■.«. 25.. Sj Mrs.
> -- ■ '- - '■'. ' ' - • ; ■ ■ . . B
MUK9JUBUI '".~r ; ". WT' ~TSrrKRa. t
TTiit ©Sobts ®S Owatt TJ>vds PwJtf ttctc '
• ■ ■
to ttiie ....... ■&* t Ilarrs ......
■Nt pan ; ' " -v---' r -■■•-■•■ ti 4sf 3a3T3- i
-• ■ - ■ ■•?-;.; ', 7'- " :
'" • - ■ ■
7.--.C-J r:r: • off -sanr ia2 ns^xitic T\.~ r.c
I man •-*.?. : "wart ■ ■■■'<■■: :■■■.
li&*Z "W'ffS: - ; - "■' ■•' m.;.p
,.. | -
s%nr <at <Ciiaia*orxSii. :*;! "Siilftirn. AJftjcr ffiSjeii
i'timr: ■ ilje Tiiiltar* wane astmfltnwfi all
v ■■■ i ■ ■ ■ .- -
3>«3IX£.T«JKt. SpCTOtIUT JTIJiCJOfiT !ta«t£."3fl£ ;
. ■
<Docrt -■ - , , 3ifc£ iJ>p gMtomtee «— !
itntttii3^£ *3* I T| <ir e sts' Wrairr ©<uiTflr,, «a»- !
..-:'-••>■ ; ■ ' T-TlifiX:
rW. C Klftwrt»,lJß. <C. R <iS. S. ■TTUccn*-;
: <Sfm, C St.: JL A I&atMft. B <C;; <S. IT. TOD-
IliUTt*.1 liUTt*. S. "W..'4 " ; "T.. Omwfir, -E. W..r. 371.3 71 . i
-,,_.,.. ; v -.. t -..,-- ; —
■■■■■-? -E- X 1X 1 32C21, R ,S.;; j
"' i-t - ;
■; : v . •■
(Mirerßms* VI! '■ ''I' ■■ '-hy at. Jnnrifccr.naiS;'
■ ■
»■♦ »
t£hn3: '«II3" .... Ih«it"X3* - ••■-.■■
ttbtS" JnuiQe ttite flisrs «ixre, rioifi «nmflttnis*
tsare ttijp l)f»>ns. TTJiurs -wurt «Giic&arF v bm
ttn^tosra vi.f (uhiittCy tt» bust lain- ttru* Slu- '
i)nrca. , ' ' '
■■: -i ■: . '- --a- :•■" I-:.
.. - . !
CASTOR I A
LIST OF LOST
IS SHELLING
Effect of That Storm on
Fraser River.
WORSE THAN WAS EXPECTED
TWENTY-FIVE FISHERMEN ARE
MISSING.
Fully Three Thousand Boats Caught
in the Gale of a Few Days Ago.
Great Destruction of
Property.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. July 22.— The
disaster which overtook the salmon
fishers near the mouth of Fraser River
has turned out to be even worse than
first expected. A reporter to-day visited
the scene and learned that fully 3,000
boats were caught in the gale of t^ree
days ago. The whole Fraser River
rteet was out at the time and it appears
■: that the storm came up without a mo
ment's warning. Many of the boats
were strung together and when i the
! storm cloud burst over them they, were
dashed against each other with such
force as to either demolish them out
right or render them useless.
In the scene of excitement which fol
lowed five men were seen to sink out of
' sight. It was at first thoucht this was
the fall extent of the fatality, but when
the men reported last night twenty-five
were found to be missing. These in
clude Japanese. Chinese, Indians and
white people. It Is possible that they
may turn up later, but the fact that
they are supposed to report every
twenty-four hours and have failed to
do so. convinces their friends that they
are lost.
The storm caused, it is said. J10.030
;■ •■ -.-.>:- to fishing property. Nets were
torn away, boats ruir.ed "and disabled
and the day's catch lost. Stories of the
dis-aster are gradually coining to hand.
Two men drifted ashore on their up
turned boat alter beJns buffeted for
hours by the waves. The Indian fishers
have quit work and devoted to-day to
mourning for their supposed lost, As
many of the Indians and Chinese were
only known by numbers the full extent
of the fatality and names of the vic
tims will not be known for some d»vs.
The affair has cast a doom oveiifce
whole flsaing community of the prov
ince-
LOSESS OF GOVXR^EKT BOXDa •
The losers of Government bonds are
! pecnuany =:uch in evidence at rr^^ent.
) The P^st toW en M ; =<lay mboa: a feovtra
j m«nt r«s=i that -sras STraiic-srCT: cp ta the
:j ?T«va^ ■dejure at Jchn?t.o«n, Pa., for -which
I the c-ars of ti?e fo.rrser oitn*r are « :^- j: kir.?
a dspijc&te. TSj*.t b«zd tte£ ie? siroT b->
• there is another Pennsxlvaniia who Is
S f 5ki r ? £ c: ~p** --- " Je £*= a dsplicase
k bos>d. i-- ?. L£n&on, "a substantial and
ij S«adinr -■---.- st TtSßestA, Pa., cf
I oadOGbtod v«raaty aad iznxgrixr;" ac
; . ri.r : .- the --. ■ — of >.-----:---. -
I To*t ot the Hotase, csed ta ... bond
? S:m,f44 in a safe, but in I«SJ sr=:e o=e in
ij t^3o^s- bocl:s frcra the safe «**■■— :< to fcacra
» a-«lden»2ly pallsd ©v: -with the Jso&t? &zi
s enTeJc-pe contsiniEsr tb* bc-si It -wis
| drppr«£si iato th« Tir.f ba< ■ sni biwd
• with the OQBdteDta of she fcatsk*t- It !se«
!fc*«i re«oorßmead<d that the Hosss ta
:-. ri - Use siring- of i r. .:.-.; r >■ ; ■- i : : lie
L ■■ l l ■
■la tbe s*=:# gttnracaaa It .-_ -. sssd
that Seaattr P'sr: hi^s prc-poF*d 'en
I .-.— •■■■- '—--.: ■- the ??-••,-,; r 'r- --;y ■- ■;
I to aSc-w the p&Tz=*nt to J. and TT. Se^r
: bib & Co. of SUM 58 hi fan far CRrtaia
i described -:.:?.:-■> ir—.r^-f-i 1- - ""- ;-.-"
! Stite^ i»c=wis. th* eovipcaa baTiß*r b«en
' sCSt — the ~'_-.<.-- s:^i—;: - '--; -
■ ? --s i.: m Hnci r. it, , ast— WaafeSactoa
ADVX3 a
• • f ? -• f f J f ? f • • • • J J • • • ; • • • • ;••!•••!•••
1 Doctor No More. !
I Hiere ire S&me Disea^ TOcli Esdidie Will Set Cire. S
5 For Tksse Dr. Saiga's Elsctri; Bill Is the |
II Oily Safe R^;:y. |
® *^rtj2ff»»»: --^\*i * ,7 t_? - ?.yi*. ©
B ' ' ' ' ' % ' : ■§
I HKliiskT Rets ht* ;@> TV c«r?aK Ca fe s
■® lams from Iris L".> fT^^G iteareS I* tie Sjgife 2
a' . a
® * Varicocele. 1
® 'Slh«± BaaraSHte 'Sastps snjis siis TrttaSJcr irscs sma Sa Ttrcra &
" v '" : ■ ■ - ■ - - Vat 5
® *° : ' ' ' - •■ '•' • ' ' A- ansrans- <*
i| __ Weak: Kidneys. §
S" -r r.ii. .-■; :.«■. 1...T Mr ?..:---:.t:.j : .*-;. f. > i. - ; .. 
:--:■-•- r.Tt:ii. ?..<::■;" 7- .: --. : :.. '■ -■ i :u •: L.' -. : :r.: f ■ j -'■' ' V >.*" 5
| Weakness of Mea. 1
■pjaStaaws fff T-ln.i -,- rf t- ,r ■ uarr:,as ir«ai.ii- -
gg. Hub <stf zmaianiy,, jtrsniarcre <4en«y.. -w-iiKCiiiE; «rff mssii uaia <«£fasr ijtr^^S^
; \im :: ma bubps} tarn ■>•■■.■: fe? rt SUaiQia s r: - .-: 7-.: '
I Valuable Book Free. 1
8 &<a»fi 32»r. asai&n; r "ISbh !Am • .■- ■ ■ .«. --—». »
® ' ■"■" ■•■: 303- «Wtt naon US D«iH (tS :».• »!::« 1.:.; -narTitf^^-^S Q
j,natt,ndtftntrv-'< <i«r 7- Siaiami^ 3Ha-J3£ric SUiix. Ct2l uar ■cS'^ss^- *
I DiL A. T. SANDER. l~i^^~^t S
-tr^l* '^*' ?A- *■«»*». X. Sum**.?*, -Tfe. SunftnK* 22Hw~to -,„, ?
B i' v-_ ii~L.K-.axm v ...>, (awte v. aMM «♦ ■"■  «
wwnamrtwy,; sr^nttmfi. Dr.. a» 7'uuiin*- »"i" »;• --i •■i.:a 1 ' 1^..,., -. 7T
xm ic-«.. : gat fiaaa«m=t «r-n«; = *
~ Xfeltaft "!!**.. IE •m^>t «rr«c. »-
FEAR A VISIT
FROM WATSON
Spain Guards Against a
Night Attack.
ALL HARBOR LIGHTS PUT OUT
CAMAEA'S FLEET IS EXPECTED
AT CEUTA.
Compania Trans - Atlantica Dis
charges Its 2000 Workmen,
Causing Great Distress
and Discontent.
Sr«c!al Dispatch to The Ca!L
WASHINGTON, July 22.— 1t would
not be surprising if it should develop
that strong European influences »*•
being: brought to bear to dissuade the
Kavy Department from dispatching
Watson's fleet to Europe, but so far
they appear to have been ineffectual,
for it Is stated that the departure of
the squadron is only del-yed, hot
abandoned.
GIBRALTAR. July 22— It is reported
here that Admiral Camara's squadron
of fpanish warships, which passed
through the Sties canal and then
turned back and started homeward,
the admiral giving a pledre that his
ships were bound for Spain, is expect
ed at the Spanish penal settlement of
Ceuta, opposite Gibraltar, shortly,
where the vessels will await events.
The maritime authorities of the
province of Asturias have ordered au
the guiding and harbor lights to be
discontinued, and the whole coast,
therefore, will be dark at night until
further orders. ' c .
MADRID, July 22.— A1l the lights at
or near St. Sebastian, which is a forti-
Hed city situated on a ■nail peninsula
in the Bay of Biscay, have been ex
tinguished in view of the possibility of
in American attack.
CADIZ. July 22.— The Compania
Trans-Atlantica has discharged all Its
workmen, numbering some 9XN). This
measure is causing: considerable dis
tress and great discontent.
PtTH FOR TEE AKISTOCBACY.
Kings and Queens. Dukes and
Princes sometimes enjoy themselves
much In the srne -way as -... merry
populace does in the Park on Sunday.
Here is a little account from an Eng
lish paper of the movements of a dis
tinguished parry one afternoon recent
ly:" "The Princess of Wales, who waa
accompanied by the Du&e and Duch
ess of York and the Duke and XJucisss
of Fife, visited the International Uni
versal Exhibition at Earl's Court, yes
terday, and quite by chance the. same
afternoon ■was r. •-:. for the '.-'.'.
of the troupe of Hungarian Minstrels,
who, under the baton of L&Jo-s Seriy.
have j-jst arrived from Sudapesi-
Their Rc-yaJ Highnesses, -who itene re
ceived by Mr. Imre Sfralfy and ether
oSeials. spent the whole afternoon in
tie buij£jins? *'A ztn^^sln^ from th& rcval
box the wrmderfnlly realistic naval
baitJ-e in the -water arena, and after
ward ir .r.r the r .-: of —.--?-. cf the
"side sh-otrs," :-::--: r.r ths :.:_;r..i
entertainment of Mrs- Toaa Thcmb.
the Javanese :r..::r the Electric
Tr.ri:-: i.- i . the H_"r;.: .-. - ?.. i -The
half-past -4 o"c2x»cjfc wm » c ■ t ten^eater- 1
to ki ttoeaser.**
Jn« -.r - -: . •"vmetMT' low KxralQr
r. r--"r": .-- — -r. -y^:- '.--: :"^l:
deliriiXf'nS!"' P-cor Bclossr- He tc-^s soc
there to see &21 that. — Keir T:rk
T-n>&s. *SODTH DAKOTA SOLDIERS AND
GENERAL H. G. OTIS SAIL TO-DAY
BRIGADIER GKNERAT, HARRI
SON GRAY OTIS, accompanied
by his superb staff of young and
capable officers, went aboard the
steamship Rio Janeiro yesterday, but
will return to dry land early this morn
ing to hold a conference with Major
General Merriam. commanding the De
partment of California. The Depart
ment commander will Impart to Gen
eral Otis the customary instructions
and suggestions and then express the
wish thut th»> Brigadier and his men
may have a delightful voyage to the
Philippines.
At the conclusion of the interview
General Otis will return to the ship.
According to orders the sailing hour is
P (.■.Mock this morning, but little over
sights h^r<> and thore may prevent the
Rio fr.mi sailing promptly at that hour.
Two battalions of the South Dakota
reg'mont of volunteers sail on the Rio
under the immediate command of Col
onel Frost. The Third Battalion will
sail on the St. Paul next week.
SOUTH DAKOTA MEN.
Two Battalions March From
Camp Merr.tt and Embark
on the Rio Janeiro.
Colonel Frost, with the Second and
Third Battalions of the First South Da
kota Regiment, marched forth from Camp
Merrltt at 8 o'clock yesterday morning,
and by noon had his men carefully stowed
away aboard the Rio Janeiro, lying at the
Pacific Mall dock. The march to tho
dock was devoid of incident, excepting
that the same enthusiastic cheers and
farewells greeted the boys as they
marched along the line. To this day
no finer or better disciplined regiment of
men has marched out of camp.
A detachment of fifty-three men from
th<- signal corps followed Colonel Frost
and his command along the line of march.
The route taken waa as announced in The
Call of yesti rday; along California to Cen
tral avenue, down Post street "v Market
and out Second street to the Mall dock.
Lieutenant CiJonel Stover is now In
< immand of i*h"e First Battalion of the
■ Dakotas. He will sail with his
command on the St. Paul on the 28th
Before the Rio dropped out into the
i there was a little clash between
• i! Otis and Colonel Frost
th Dakota rcglmont. It seems
that Genera] < 'tis knocked out the par
■ ■ ree staterooms to secure
for himself on the voyage, and this
f rnewhat contracted the accommodations
•'1 to other officers. Colonel Frost
g been a.«signed to certain state
: onw by order of Major General Mer
r: in:, found that a second lieutenant had
tnpted his quarters by direction of
"'."neral Otis. Colonel Frost Insisted on
•:hts under the original order issued
by Major General Merriam. and after a
short parley carried his point and sus
tained th*' dignity of his rank.
It was explained to Colonel Frost that
tho order reassigning the quarters was
Issued by Adjutant Edward Murphy with-
OUt the knowledge of General Otis, but
this was denied and the statement made
that General Otis dictated the order. The
Incident did not provoke any bad feel
ing.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Nine Hundred Springfield Rifles
Received by the Regiment.
Target Practice Ordered.
CAMP BARRETT, Sather Station, July
22.— The preliminary steps are being taken
toward getting the regiment out on tar
get practice. Some of the best rifle shots
Of the State are members of the regiment
and the officers want to get all of the
men familiar with their guns before they
have to use them In battle. Something
like 900 new Springfield rifles wee re
ceived to-day by Quartermaster Lieuten
ant Heller, and they will be issued to the
men at once. The captains have been or
dered to pick out all of their good shots
and report them to regimental headquar
ters, while the untried are to be taken
out for target practice.
The various companies of the regiment
have an average of about IT>OO rounds of
fixed ammunition which is available for
target work. The Alameda range near
Bay Farm Island has been secured and in
a short time a company will use it each
day. Recruits will tire at 100 and 200 yards
until they get the necessary practice to
pull the trigger without moving the gun,
after which they will be instructed in
long distance firing at the target. Only
about twenty out of each 100 have rifle
records in the companies, all the others
L«Mng unknown quantities.
The officers of the regiment have been
AMERICANIZING
SPANISH LANDS
Anglo-Saxon Blood Is
Wanted.
WORK OF THE CUBAN LEAGUE
YANKEE FAMILIES MUST POPU
LATE ISLES OF THE SEAS,
Modern Civilization to Supersede
the Ignorance and Misrule
of Spain's Bad Ad
ministration.
Prank B. Mascherinl, president of the
local Cuban-American League, has re
ceived several letters from New York
headquarters which show that the Junta
haa taken a broad view of the situation,
and foresees, as the. result of the present
■ between Spain and the I'nited
the inevitable Americanizing of
the captured colonial possessions of Spain.
The first letter is from Henry Baldwin,
custodial-, of American history in the Li
brary Americana, 28U Crown street. New
Haven, Conn, ti breathes of loyalty, and
outlinr-s the future of the new America.
The following are Interesting extracts:
When the United Slates entered Into the
present war with Spain the American people
»aw and the American Congress declared that
Its aim anil purpose were solely to Rive free
dom and Independence to Cuba, but almost the
llrst event of the conflict was the naval battle
at Manila on the other side of the world, and
the placing under the care of the American na
tion 10,000.000 of people In 2000 islands of the
F<*a. Our , little plan of humanity was un
doubtedly Rood, but God Almighty* plan o(
liberty and human freedom Is undoubtedly
much , better. It Is his hand that has done
.this thing, and It remains for us to accept the
responsibility, to show our appreciation of his
great kindness to us and to be ready and will
ing to go forth, as It la our duty, to aid our
new* wards by the comfort and civilization, the
education and the liberty we ourselves possess.
I believe It becomes the duty of the Amerl
cHn people to overrun all these Islands, and by
so doing make them American. • • • '•
Cuba with its ran*e of hills running through
the whale length from east to west ought to
be one of the healthiest places In the whole
TROOPS LEAVING FOR MANILA,
FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA VOLUNTEERS, COLONEL FROST, ON POST STREET, CROSSING STOCKTON, El
Route From Camo Merritt to the Mail Dock to Embark on the SteamshiD Rio Janeiro,
Photo by Hudson.
looking over their men with the view of
forming glee clubs. There are some very
fine musicians in the various companies,
and it is believed several good glees can
be formed. These will be set again.st
each other and a friendly spirit of rivalry
started between them. Company H now
has a tine quartet, Company H a glee and
also a string instrument club. 'With all
the talent available it is expected that
many enjoyable evenings will be had
during the time the regiment is together,
whether here or in far-away climes.
The miserably poor telephone Bervlce ac
corded at the camp has given rise to. the
discussion of the advisability of getting a
telegraphic wire put in foV regimental
service.
The guard detail to-night consisted of:
Captain H. Ford, Company X, Colusa,
officer of the day; lieutenant W. E.
Smith. Company L, Marysville, officer of
the guard, and Lieutenant J. O. Estep,
Company H, Redding, super-officer of the
guard.
"William S. Green, ex-Surveyor General
and formerly editor of the Colusa Sun,
was among the visitors at camp during
the day.
Judge Gellick. a prominent attorney of
Btskiyou, who has two sons In Company
H of Redding, visited them to-day.
I'nited States District Attorney Henry
S. Foote. was the guest of his son. Lieu
tenant Tandell Foote, Company D. San
Rafael.
HE IS NEEDED HERE.
Major Ruhlen Will Not Sail on
the City of Rio Janeiro
This Morning.
Major Ruhlen, quartermaster of the ex
peditionary forces, will not sail fur th<-
Philippines this morning on the City of
Rio Janeiro, as General Merrlam has de
cided that his services are at present
more needed hf>re than at Manila. Major
Ruhlen has proved himself a Very en< r
getic and efficient master of transporta
tion, and in thf handling and equipping
of the fleets that have left this city he
has done an immense amount of work.
He may be able, however, to close up
matters sufficiently to allow him to sail
on the St. Paul before the end of next
week.
The troops that were designated to sail
world under a modern system of sanitation.
The same might be said of the Philippines.
With disease eradicated, with sanitary meas
ures all over the new land, these spots would
be the most lovely places for homes, for re
creation and as points of resort. • • •
As certain that England has become rich
from India, so it is as certain that America
and Americans are to prosper from theirposses
■ion of these foreign lands. .That Is not all.
It is designed to make the whole world bet
ter, and God has chosen the American people
to do It.
Accompanying the letter to Mr. Masche
rinl is a circular by the national organiz
ing committee of the Cuban-American
League. New York City. The following
are extracts:
All our members affree that, whether we de
sire It or not, the responsibility for the fu'iire
of all the different lands that have come and
are coming under our national control ha !■• en
and Is beinK placed by a hlßher power Upon a
people whose fundamental cornerstone is (i.c
declaration of Independence. Thr.-e -viil N
no more emigration from Spain to any of th'-s
countries. The men, the capital for th< •=.- fie
velcpmenta, the responsibility 'or tholr .•b.iriK
«M civilization is upon the American of to-day.
To the most of us the Philippines. Cuba. Porto
Kico. the Ladronea, "•anilines and the Canary
Inlands are an almi.Kt unknown country. Kven
the Cubans nnr] Porto Rlcans that have been
driven by Spanish misrule from la'-w islands
and are living among us are almost straturrra
to us.
Out of this comes the suggestion of the to
day s work for the Cuban Ameri.-an League.
It le to organize at the earliest pcmib'e ,no
ment »n emigration of Americans nnd under
American auspices to Cuba, Porto Rico, I'hil-
Ipplne and other islands. Including the Ha
watians.
That the league shall gather ;it ti head
auarters all the available information as to
these tn us new and strange countries; also
the facts as to the opportunities for capital ti
invest «nd for individuals to work out a suc
cessful career
NEW TIMBER LANDS.
The President Has Enlarged the
Southern Forest Reservation.
President McKlnley has evidently marl*
a careful study of the subject of forestry
on the Pacific Coast and concluded that
In the preservation of timber lies the
future of the West. Several times since
he has been at the head of national :if
fairs he has taken out of the public do
main large tracts of land, which he has
added to the forest reservations. In dis
cussing this matter with several of the
representatives of this State, the Presi
dent has said that he knows that once
the lands of the State are stripped of their
timber the Western slope will be as bar
ren as that of Peru and the. South Ameri
can countries. It Is well known that
wherever the forests are thickest the
rains fall most freely and the adjacent
country is sure of an abundance of water
for crops. He proposes to do all in his
power to preserve the timber of the We.st.
In keeping with this policy, he has set
aside a number of new tracts recently for
forest purposes. The latest enlarges the
Pine Mountain and Zaca Lake forest res
ervation in the southern part of the State.
The President's proclamation has just
been received by Surveyor General
Cleaves in this city. The reservation be
fore being 1 enlarged comprised 1,159/(00
acres, and the addition increases it by
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
on the St. Paul are the Third Battalion
of the First South Dakota, recruits for
the First Colorado and the Thirteenth
Minnesota, and a detachment of the
Signal Corps, but It having been found
that this assignment is somewhat too
large for the vessel a rearrangement is
being made.
The troops that are to go on the
Arizona ;u:d the Scandia have not yet
been named, but the matter is under con
sideration. Both the Seventh California
and the Fift-y-first lowa hope to be as
signed to these vessels. The Arizona will
be docked to-day.
The Centennial, which has been twice
rejected, has again been offered as a
transport, and has again been examined.
The report of tho examining board has
I'cen forwarded to "Washington by Major
Long, the depot quartermaster, who is
not at liberty to state tho conclusions ar
rived at by the board.
The City of Peking was chartered for
seventy days, with the understanding
that if she was not returned to her
regular run at the expiration of that
pi rlod she was to be employed by the
' ". • rnment for another seventy days.
In case she does not return here in time
to resume regular service she will there
fore very likely make another trip as a
transport to Manila.
TROOPS AT THE PRESIDIO
Brigadier General M. P. Miller
Takes Command of the
Post.
Lieutenant Colonel Louis T. Morris
formally resigned from the service of the
army at 11 o'clock yesterday morning,
when he turned over the Presidio to
Brigadier General Marcus P. Miller, who
will havo temporary command. There
was no formality or ceremony attendant
upon the transfer of the post. General
Millar and Colonel Morris met in the
office of the latter, and the necessary
papers were signed by the former officer
receipting for all the Government prop
erty of the post. In less than twenty
minutes the transfer had been made, and
Colonel Morris' responsibility as an offi
cer was at an end and General Miller
had assumed command. He will make no
507,000 acres. The bulk of the addition is
on the eastern end of the original, and it
now forms the connecting link with the
San Gabriel forest reservation. This
makes ;t complete chain of reservations,
extending along the Coast Range Moun
tains from the southern part of San Luis
Obiapo County to the middle of San Diego
County. These reservations, in their or
der, arp; I'ine Mountain and Zaca Lake,
San Gabriel, San Bernardino and San
Jacinto.
It is learned that in the very near future
the President will set aside several more
timber tracts in the eastern and north
eastern parts of the State, but the exact
locations are not now known. This taking
from the public domain of so much land
is likely to bring the lieu-land settlers to
the front. There were quite a number of
settlers on the Government lands recently
Withdrawn for forest reservations, and, of
course, these will be looking all over the
State for desirable places on which to
locate again.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE WINS.
Judge Seawcll Declares It a Legally
Incorporated Organization.
Golden Gate I,odge No. 6 of the Benev
olent Protective Order of Elks secured a
victory In Judge Sea well' a court yester
day. A decision was handed In the fruit of
tli<' people in the relation of Lewis C.
Weathefly against the lodge, which was
brought some time ago to terminate the
existence of the corporate powers of the
organization on the contention that it
was never legally incorporated. Judge
Beawell held, boweyer, that the lodge was
legally incorporated under section 594 of
the Code, which is specially applicable
to nil fraternal organizations.
Tho suit was the culmination of a con
tention which occurred several years ago
and resulted in the lodge being expelled
from the National Order of Elks. The
charter of Golden Gate Lodge was trans
ferred by the officials of the. national or
d«-r to Ran Francisco Lodge. "Golden Gate
Lodge was not to be outdone, however,
and in order to give it legal existence ar
ticles of incorporation were filed. Judge
Seawell has determined that, notwith
standing the fact that the national order
does not recognise 'iolden Gate Lodge, it
is a legally incorporated body and enti
tled to all the benefits thereof.
Estates in Probate.
Margaret T. Lord has petitioned for
letters of administration on the estate of
John Tobin, who died in this city on the
13tn inst.. leaving an estate valued at
about $2000. KlnoraJ. Jackman applied
yesterday for letters of administration
upon the estate of her brother. Charles
H. Robinson, who died at Honolulu a
short time ago, leaving property valued
at $550.
Dr. Shrady, president Red Cross
Society, writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, in next Sunday's
Call.
changes In the military government of the
Presidio. Colonel Morris does not as yet
know where he will reside. He may move
to Washington, D. C, or he may make
his home in one of the towns along the
coast.
Colonel Barher of the First New York
was able to he out yesterday. He visited
camp tor a short while, and expressed
himself as perfectly satisfied with the
way that everything was running. Colonel
Barber could not say just when his regi
ment would leave for Honolulu, but the
probable date of its departure will be the
last of this month or the first of next.
It is now settled that the New York boys
will do garrison duty at Honolulu. Cap
tain Charles Hitchcock. Company H, is
confined in the post hospital with a bad
case of pleurisy. The general health of
the regiment is excellent, with the ex
ception of a number of bad colds.
The recruits of the Utah Light Battery
broke camp at the Presidio yesterday
morning at 8 o'clock, and were marched
to the Rio Janeiro by Lieutenant L. *.
Foster of the South Dakota Volunteers.
Twenty-two new cases were brought
into the'division hospital yesterday. They
were mostly measles and mumps. These
cases, with those already in the hospital,
make a total of 202 cases that have been
or are at present being treated by Major
Private Lewis, Sixth California Regi
ment, who is in the post hospital with
pneumonia, is not expected to recover
His condition is such that his death
seems only the matter of a few hours.
Mrs H. A. Clarke, the wife of Lieuten
ant Clarke, Wyoming (Alg.-r) Light Bat
tery arrived in the city yesterday morn
ing for a brief visit to her husband.
The concert by the Fourth United
States Cavalry band, which is the band
of the Presidio post, drew an exceedingly
large crowd yesterday afternoon. The
concert was at 3 o'clock, under the di
rection of Chief Musician "\\ llnam S. Lit
tleton Fourth Cavalry. Six numbers
were rendered by the band in a highly
artistic manner. Guard mount, which is
held at the post every morning at 10:30
o'clock, is proving a ceremony of great
interest to the citizens of San Francisco,
large numbers of whom go out every
morning to witness it.
Harbor Mines May Remain.
No action has yet been taken by Major
NEW CYCLING WONDER,
CHAMPION FRANK GIBSON PECK-
BY his performances at Sacramento
on July 4, Frank Gibson Peck
stamped himself as the most prom
ising amateur cyclist on the coast.
Without any of the care that a crack
racing man should have had he met and
defeated John E. Wir.g, the champion of
the coast, and others. There seemed no
limit to his speed, as he sailed away from
his opponents without apparent effort.
The new cycling wonder was born in
Yuba City, and is not yet 18 years of age.
He grauated with honors from the
Marysville High School last month. He
took to cycling three years since and
proved a natural rider, soon showing that
he was possessed of a remarkable turn
of speed. It was not long until his fame
had spread beyond his own district. The
prominent clubs of this city, eager to
strengthen their racing teams, soon made
overtures to him.
He cast his fortunes with the Bay City
Wheelmen and has ever since sported the
Maltese cross of that organization. He
has raced with varying success, but par
ticularly distinguished himself In the an
Heuer, of the engineer corps. In charge of
the San Francisco harbor mines, in re
gard to removing the explosives that have
been placed In the, bay under his super
vision. "I have received no Instructions
In regard to removal of the mines," said
Major Heuer yesterday, "and, therefore,
shall proceed to finish the work which I
was ordered to do. The war is not yet
ended."
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Efforts to Collect Alimony From
a California Recruit— Brigade
Court Martial Ordered.
Since the 20th of the month searching
inquiries have been made at Camp Merritt
for Private George Aubertin, a recruit of
the First California Volunteers. The In
quiries were instigated by the divorced
wife of Aubertin, who is shy two months'
alimony.
Mrs. Aubertin, who '.3 in destltute~cYr"
cumstances, brought"her troubles before
the Humane Society. The society re
ported the matter to General Merrlam
who sent down, through General Miller
to Brigadier General King instructions to
search Aubertin out.
th V ? St A er { iay , Ge y. neral Klng "Ported back
that Aubertin had sailed on the Pennsyl-
Mai!na and WaS nn ° W WCII ° n hls Wtty t0
An effort was made to put a garnish
ment on the pay of the recalcitrant Au
bertin, but it was found that such meas
code W(?re lmposslble under the military
Haversacks and canteens were issued
recruits^' t0 the Nebraska a » d Colorado
The remaining battalion of South Da
■i* Volunteers does not propose to
sail to Manila without a band. The boys
purchased an outfit of guitars and man
dolins, and if their initial performance
goes for anything they lost nothing when
the regimental band left
Lieutenant Colonel Barnett of the Penn
sylvania recruits. Captain Perry and
Lieutenant Mileham have been detailed
a £ a w b ?, ard of su rvey to straighten out
the badly tangled accounts of Quarter
master Lieutenant L. C. Smith, Twen
tieth Kansas, resigned. The retiring
nual 100-mile relay race. He rode the
fastest ten miles in the race. His most
notable performance was the reduction
of the half-mile coast record on May 30.
The trial was made on the Marysville
track, which was far from being fast.
He covered the distance in 57 seconds, a
clever performance. With ordinary op
portunities for competition it Is thought
that Feck would rank with the great
riders, both amateur and professional,
who have made names for themselves on
the race path in this State.
POLHEMUS CASE
IS ADJUDICATED
JUDGE SEAWELL DECIDES IN
DEFENDANT'S FAVOR.
The Claim Lacked Merit and the
Statute of Limitations Had Run
Against the Plaintiff.
A decision In the case of Charles R. j
Polhemus against Antonio Borel, executor
of the estate of Charles Moyne, was
handed down by Judge Seawell yester
day. The suit was brought for an ac
counting of the transfer by Polhemus
to Moyne in June, 1869. of 4365 shares of
the stock of the San Francisco and San
Jose Railroad Company, standing in the
names of Donohue, Newhall & Polhemus.
At a subsequent date another transfer of
fiOO shares of stock was made, for which
Moyne advanced Polhemus $20,000.
Many years later, when Moyne was still
alive, however, Polhemus brought suit
and alleged that a satisfactory settlement
had never been effected, and that the
transfer of the stock was brought about
by fraud and misrepresentation. Since !
that time the case has been constantly !
before the courts, and was finally sub
mitted about five months ago. Many of
San Francisco's most brilliant attorneys
appeared in the action, which involved
several hundred thousand dollars. Dur
ing the long trial the books and docu
ments of Donohue. Newhall & Polhemus
and those of the San Francisco and San
Jose Railroad Company were produced
In court, and many days were occupied
in their examination. From the facts
gathered by the musty volumes the court
found Its decision.
It was held that the argument of plain
| tiff's counsel to the effect that the trans
fer had been made to facilitate business
was inconsistent with the allegation that
it had been obtained by fraud. The evi
dence in the case also pointed to the fact
that a complete settlement had been
reached by the parties as far back as
1867; that Moyne held certain notes signed
by Polhemus, and that on receipt of the
shares of stock at the time of the trans
fer he gave them up. Afterward, in order
that further litigation might be avoided,
THE HONOLULU GARRISON.
Colonel Barber, Who Is to Be the Commandant,
Will Probably Be Made a Brigadier
General.
It Is very likely that Colonel Barber, of the First New York Regiment
of Volunteers, who is to be commandant of the new military post at Hono
lulu, will soon be made a brigadier general, probably before his departure
for the Hawaiian Islands. In addition to his own regiment, he will have
under his command the Hawaiin troops, numbering over 500 men,
and the Third Battalion of the Second Regiment of United States Volun
teer Engineers. This battalion of engineers numbers about 400 men, and
Has been stationed for some weeks at the Presidio. It is in command of
Major Langfitt.
The order assigning the battalion to duty at Honolulu came from the
War Department yesterday, and was made upon the recommendation of
General Merriam. It will sail with the first detachment of the New York
regiment and will at once be put at work upon arrival in preparing the
new post. The command is composed of Company I of Denver. Company X of
Salt Lake, Company Li of San Francisco and Company M of Portland, Or.
The colonel of the regiment, Willard Young, is in Chicago, where the regi
mental headquarters and the First and Second battalions are located.
General Merriam has ordered the purchase and shipment of lumber
necessary for the Honolulu post. Among the New Yorkers are several
architects, civil engineers, carpenters, painters and mechanics of all kinds,
■whose services will, no doubt, be called into requisition in erecting the
buildings and doing other work incidental to the establishment of the
post.
Captain Philip Lydlg of New York, who was recently appointed chief
purchasing agent at Honolulu, arrived in the city yesterday morning and
reported for duty to General Merriam. He has been in the volunteer ser
vice two months, and was transferred from Chiekamauga. At Honolulu
he will tind plenty to do for a few months, as a great many purchases
are to be made for the military post that is to be established there. Cap
tain Lydig is a well-known New York society man, and had the honor of
performing the duty of groomsman at Clarence Mackay's wedding.
quartermaster has State and Federal
property badly mixed.
Provost Sergeant Devine has been de
tached from that office and Sergeant
John McEwen of the First Tennessee has
been detailed In his place.
John Albert, a chief musician of the
First Tennessee, has applied for a dis
charge on rather unusual grounds. He
confesses that he is incompetent to till
his position and desires his release for
A general court-martial has been or
dered for the second brigade, and Colonel
William C. Smith of the First Tennessee
has been named as president.
Military Orders.
Captain Fred L. Martin, of the volun
teer signal corps, is assigned as assistant
to the chief signal officer of the Depart
ment of California, with station In San
Francisco.
Acting Assistant Surgeon M. M. TN alker
will report to Captain Isaac P. Ware, as
sistant surgeon, as assistant in examin
ln Captain Charles B. Staats, of the First
New York Volunteers, has been detailed
as recruiting officer for his regiment in
this city. , ...
Instruction in signaling at posts in this
harbor will be under the supervision of the
signal officer of the Department of Cali
fornia. Signal classes will be formed at
each post. The commanding officer of
each post will detail one officer and at
least four enlisted men from each volun
teeer company or battery, who will re
ceive instruction under the supervision
of the signal officer, at such hours as may
be designated by the commanding offi
cer of each post. One thoroughly instruct
ed man will be detailed daily from each
regular organization at each post where
such organizations are serving, to act as
assistant instructors.
The following named enlisted men of the
volunteer signal corps will report as in
dicated opposite their respective names:
Sergeant S. L. Burgin, to military head
quarters, upon his discharge from the
French Hospital.
Corporal J. W. Billings, to the com
manding officer, detachment of recruits,
Twenty-third Infantry, at Camp Merritt.
First-class Private J. T. Ahem, to the
commanding officer, Fort Baker, for duty
at that station.
First-class Private William L,. Carlton,
to the commanding officer, Presidio, for
such duty as he may be able to perform,
pending action on certificate of disability
submitted in his case.
Christian Commission.
The evangelistic meetings conducted by
Evangelist Crittenton at Camp Barrett.
Oakland, have been eminently successful;
the tent crowded every night, and much
interest manifested. Mr. Crittenton will
be at Camp Merritt next week for four
or five days, and will probably speak at
the Mothers' Club headquarters Tuesday
and Wednesday nights, anri in the mam
moth Commission tent which it is ex
pected will be erected so as to take in the
Fifty-first lowa Regiment. Seventh Cali
fornia and the remaining battalions of the
he paid Polhemus $20,000 and closed the
account. The decision concluded with the
statement that even in event there wus
merit in the complaint the case was
barred by the statutes of limitation, and
a dismissal of the action was ordered en
tered.
FORESTERS' RELIEF.
A Permanent Organization Effected.
Contributions Are Coming In.
The relief association of the Foresters
of America and the Companions of the
Forest of America, organized to iud
Forester soldiers and dependents of such,
has elected the following permanent of
ficers: Mrs. A. B. McLouth, president;
Mrs E. A. Corah and Mrs. L. Atwood,
vice-presidents; E. P. Figel, treasurer;
Mrs. E. W. Haughy, secretary; Julius I*.
Wildey, assistant secretary.
At the meeting last night a set of laws
were adopted and a distinctive button for
the use of members. A booth will be
erected at the Presidio camp for the
benefit of the soldiers, and as soon as it
can be ascertained what Is needed for the
soldiers It will be furnished. The manage
ment of the Baldwin Hotel has furnished
the executive committee a room in the
hotel free of charge and the Foresters'
Hall Association has also furnished a
hall free for the general meetings.
The courts and orders of the order
have contributed to the general funds
quite freely and contributions are still
coming in.
In the Divorce Courts.
Mary E. Ruhllng was granted a divorce
from Frederick W. E. Ruhllng yesterday
by Judge Hebbard on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. The action for divorce in
stituted by Mrs. Ruhling some time ago
was heard by Judge Belcher on the 16th
inst., but a divorce was denied the liti
gants. The order made by Judge Belcher
was subsequently set aside and the case
was again heard yesterday. New evi
dence was admitted and a stipulation was
tiled by the unhappy couple, with the re
sult that a decree was granted.
Latterma Berrella was granted a di
vorce from Pietro Berrella on the ground
of cruelty.
Emily Popper has filed suit for a di
vorce.from A. H. Popper. As a cause of
action the plaintiff alleges failure to pro
vide.
Louisa Sablicich asks for a divorce from
Achilles Sablicich on the ground of
cruelty.
Sanford H. Andrew has applied for a
divorce from his wife. Kate Andrew. The
plaintiff alleges desertion as a cause of
complaint.
Another Youthful Soldier.
Waldo Wakeman Emerson wanted to be
a soldier, and accordingly enlisted in
Company F, Seventh California Volun
teers, under command of Captain Rey
nolds. His maternal grandmother, Mrs.
M. L. Wakeman, looked at the matter in
South Dakotas. The tent for the New
York Regiment was erected yesterday
and will bo occupied to-day. Further do
nations received to date are: Morris
Wonk. Stockton. $1: First Presbyterian
Church, Santa Barbara. $20 60; Central
Presbyterian Church. Salinas City, $1 50;
further returns from Tennessee Regiment
drill, $32.
For the Red Cross.
The Sons and Daught':\s of St. George
have secured I'nion Square Hall for the
evening of the 3d of August, on which oc
casion there will be a grand literary en
tertainment and ball, given by the mem
bers of these organizations, for the bene
fit of the Red Cross Society, music will
be furnished by the band of the First
Regiment of Tennessee Volunteers. The
affair will be presented under the direc
tion of the following named Daughters of
St. George, who constitute the committee
of arrangements: Mrs. E. Witts, Mrs.
Eliza J. Williams. Mrs. A. Brlerly, Mrs.
G. Muhlner and Mrs. Clack.
Catholic Truth Society.
There will be a grand musical and lit
erary entertainment given to aid the
Catholic Truth Society in carrying on Its
good work among the boys in blue, at
Turn Verein Hall. Eighteenth street,
above Valencia, on Friday evening, July
29. The young managers, the Misses Ella
and Eva MeCloskey, are workinir very
hard to make this a success, and no effort
is being omitted on their part. They are
getting up a very select programme,
which will be followed by dancing. Tick
ets 23 cents; children under 12 years 10
cents.
Off to Honolulu Next Week.
Admiral Miller, who was to have start
ed for Honolulu on Wednesday, will not
be able to sail until next week owing to
delay in getting the cruiser Philadelphia
ready for the trip. The Philadelphia will
be ready Monday, and will then come
down from Mare Island and anchor in
the stream to await the orders of Ad
miral Miller.
War Incidents.
The Native Daughters' Red Cross Aid
wish to thank the many friends of the
Seventh California Volunteers for their
very generous donation, on Thursday,
July 21, at Mechanics' Pavilion, and to
make special mention of the kindness of
the following friends: San Bruno Dairy,
Baden Farm, H. Cole, H. Burheinie,
Ninth-street Creamery, Hancock Bros.,
Francis, Valentine & Co., Schmidt Label
and Lithographing Company, Julius Ga
briel, Mrs. W. S. Leake, McVicker &
Broderick, Wilferts' Green Valley Dairy,
Mrs. Roos, Mrs. Dunshee, Mrs. Butt, Mrs.
H. S. Boyd. George W. Farhner, Mrs
Goldman, William Cluff & Co., Haas
Bros., A. Schilling & Co., S. H. Taylor,
Hoger Bros., Swain Bros., Wetmore Bros.,
Heineiche Bros., Mau, Sadler & Co
Charles Thiefbach &. Co., Mrs. Thode,'
Mrs. Dodge. Mrs. Storror, Mr. Pratt!
O'Connor Bros., Mrs. Bee, and all the
Native Sons and Native Daughters.
a different light, and has sworn out a writ
of habeas corpus to have the boy brought
into rourt, alleging that he is under age
and. as his parents are now in Yokohama
she is his legal guardian. The case will be
heard in the United States District Court
by Judge Beatty on Monday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TUMOR EXPELLED.
Unqualified Success of Lydia EL
* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Mrs. Elizabeth Wheelock, Magno-
lia, lowa, in the following letter de-
scribes her recovery from a very criti*
cal condition:
" Dear Mrs. Ptntcham: have been
taking your Vegetable Compound, and
|9iKjHH>^BBB am now ready to sound
Wj) V \) *^^ \ of a tumor. .
Jllglllgj^pVN^^ for three years.
f\ Change of life
"" "jSifeiw iuVjfc^ was
' * . and was a bur-
den to myself. Was troubled with
smothering spells, also palpitation ot
the heart and that bearing-down feel-
ing, and could not be on my feet much.
"I was growing worse all the time,
until I took your medicine.
"After taking three boxes of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
Lozenges, the tumor passed from me.
"My health has been better ever
since, can now walk quite a distance
and am troubled no more with palpita-
tion of the heart or bloating. I rec-
ommend your medicine to all »afferers
from female troubles."
It is hardly reasonable to suppose
that any one can doubt the efficiency
of Mrs. Pinkham's methods and medi-
cine in the face of the tcomendou* T©l-
ame of testimoay*
56
SATURDAY * JULY 23, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, _ Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
tDITORIAL ROOMS ...SI? to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; Mr montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50 j
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
HEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlfcte tlonm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNEBB, Advertising Representative
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery a tre«t. corner Clay.
open until 930 o'clock- 587 Hayes street, open until j
9:30 o'clooK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 ;
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. !
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market !
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2519
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- >505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second mnm
k>ntucky street*, open until 9 o'clock^.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Liberty Hall "
Alcazar— "Faust
Morosco's— -Captain Impudence "
Tlvoll— "The Bells of CorneviU©. "
Orpheum - Vaudeville.
: The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 818-pound Man.
ulympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, dancing.boatlnr, flshln*, every Sunday.
Kecreutlon Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
: Coursing — lngleslde Coursing Park.
AUCTION S A I-ES.
By frank W. Butterfield-Thls day, July 23, Library, at corner
Market and Seventh streets, at 6 o clock p. m.
By Sullivan A Doyle— This day, July 23, Horses, cto^ at 810
Golden Gate avenue, at 11 o'clock.
c "MEfISLEY" MISTAKE.
BY one of the curious errors which sometimes
excite grief in a newspaper office, the types got
mixed in the making up of yesterday morning's
paper. A part of an article about the local military
camp and the sickness among the soldiers got an
nexed to an account of the jolly time the League of
the Cross Cadets are having at Camp Montgomery at
Santa Rosa. The consequence was the statement that
there were eighty cases of measles among the boys,
whereas there are no measles, have not been, nor any
sickness of any kind, and the boys arc enjoying the
lest of health.
Similar instances of confusion will occur in every
printing establishment, and the rarity of them, consid
ering the haste with which work must be done, is a
marvel.
YELLOW JOURNALISTS EXILED.
YELLOW journalists have, by order of General
Shafter. been expelled from Cuba. The com
mander of the American forces there could not
have taken a single step which would have been more
to his credit. Into exile and disgrace must go every
representative of the New York Journal and the San
Francisco Examiner. Their presence at the seat of
war had been borne with wonderful patience. Their
malign falsehoods, their impertinent meddling, their
spread of misleading information, designed to be
wilder the army as well as the public, had become
an intolerable nuisance. They have richly earned
the humiliation. Liars, michief makers, a reproach
to civilization, a blemish upon the profession they
pretend to follow, it is well that they should have
received a lesson.
Xo excoriation reached them. They were appar
ead to all sense of shame, but to be pronounced
unfit to associate with soldiers and gentlemen, to be
ordered away like unclean hangers-on of the camp,
is an experience so degrading that it must touch
even them. Traitors to their country, seeking fur
ther to embroil it, to stir strife to new bitterness, to
insult officers and the dignity of Government,
they have been stripped of their power for ill. If
they have latent within them some lingering instinct
of decency they must feel as did Dreyfus when, be
fore the assembled troops; he was shorn of his weap
ons. We congratulate Hearst that he had enrolled
himself among the precious band. We commiserate
the people of the United States that the exiles must
come back to these shores. However, they will
no more be able to annoy the public and harass the
army.
Now let a fresh wreath of laurel be placed above
the picture of General Shafter over the door of the
Examiner; yes. make it two wreaths. A great moral
victory has been achieved.
According to General Garcia the report that Gen
eral Shafter refused to permit Cubans to enter Santi
ago for fear there would be massacre and looting is
too ridiculous for belief. According to an unbiased
view from a distance there is nothing ridiculous about
it, and it has every aspect of solemn truth.
An evening paper makes known the important fact
that the indigent dead are to escape the war tax.
Possibly the dead not indigent will regard this as
special legislation, but no protest has yet been heard
from them.
Blanco claims that he did not consent to the sur
render of Santiago. A little later, however, he will
consent to the surrender of Havana, and there will
be no opportunity for squirming out of it.
Up to the time of going to press the latest infor
mation from Wells-Fargo was that the company ex
pected the public to continue paying the corpora
tion's war tax.
A Spanish cruiser "on a secret mission" is reported.
No secret about it. The only possible mission of a
Spanish cruiser is to keep out of the way of an Amer
ican cruiser.
"A London dispatch to the New York Journal
says," etc. But what possible difference what a dis
patch to that sheet from London or anywhere else
may say?
If Spain divide the remnant of her navy as she now
insanely threatens, the American battle-ships will at
tend to continuing the division to the fragmentary
stage.
It is to- be hoped that the report that Spain intends
to add to her shame by court-martialing Toral is un
true. The general is not to blame for not being a fool.
Another man has jokingly pointed a pistol at his
own breant and died with every evidence of the most
absolute earnestness
THE PINTO COMMITTEE.
WHEN the Inopportune State Committee
adopted the advice of the Examiner that the
Democracy of San Francisco could not be
trusted to hold an open primary, it was evident that
authority was to be usurped to carry out v Pinto
programme for the production of a piebald ticket.
There followed the arbitrary appointment of the
committee of one hundred and its usurpation of all
party authority in this city, with power to appoint
delegates and nominate tickets. There was in ex
istence a regular party committee, with title derived
from the people, but this was set aside. Among the
solemn oaths of the one hundred was an engagement
to not instruct for any candidates, nor advance any
personal fortunes.
There was opposition among Populists and Demo
crats to fusion. A Populist convention, representing
one-half the counties of the State, met, divided
nearly evenly and split into two parties. One nomi
nated Maguire for Governor on a Populist platform.
The other nominated Shanahan on the same platform.
In the coming Democratic convention San Francisco
will hold the control. The vote of her delegation
will nominate candidates and install programmes.
That delegation will be appointed by the committee
of one hundred. That committee was not "in
structed" for Maguire. It has merely "indorsed"
him. It will appoint a solid Maguire delegation, of
course. So the Pinto programme is pushed. The
party is to take its candidate from the Populists. He
is to be chosen without primary reference to the peo
ple who are expected to elect him.
It would be difficult to invent a series of intrigues
and incidents more at variance with popular govern
ment, more at war with every consideration of party
honor. It is a brazen advertisement that a party
which is not fit to be trusted within reach of a pri
mary ballot-box, and is condemned by its leaders,
is fit to control a State and local administration of
public affairs 1
The Call does not think that meanly of the Democ
racy of this State, for the party has not yet indorsed
its leaders' verdict of dishonesty and unfitness. If a
ticket so nominated is supported heartily by the
party, that verdict of guilty will be self-indorsed and
the people will be warned against an organization
which confesses its unfitness to govern itself and at
the same time affirms its fitness to govern the State.
It remains to be seen what the old liners will do.
When Dr. Glenn was the candidate of such a Pinto
combination General Jo Hamilton was requested to
stump the State for the ticket, and he replied, "I
have stumped the State many times Tor a Democrat,
but never for a half-breed." The men who were
Democrats from principle may feel a good deal like
the old war-horse of Placer.
DISCONTENTED CUBANS.
GARCIA'S letter to General Shafter announcing
that he had tendered his resignation as com
mander of the Cuban army at Santiago, and
that pending the action ot the Cuban Government
upon it he would withdraw his troops to the interior,
was the first important step on the part of the Cubans
in a course destined to bring them into conflict with
the United States. A more decisive step was taken
latter, when an attack was made upon a detachment
oi Spanish troops marching to Santiago to sur
render.
Garcia stated his reasons for resigning with clear
ness and considerable force. He was appointed to the
command of the Cuban army of the east, as he says,
with instructions from what he calls "the Government
of the Republic," to co-operate with the American
army. That duty he claims to have fulfilled as best
he could, but he complains that he was not consulted
by General Shafter with regard cither to the sur-
render of Santiago or its administration since. He
protests against leaving the city under the civil con
trol of the former authorities appointed by the Span
ish Government, and asserts that since it is impossible
for him to co-operate with the United States army
under such conditions, his resignation becomes im
perative.
The letter and the protest would have been more
effective if Garcia or his Cubans had ever genuinely
co-operated with our army before the capture of
Santiago. It is a matter of common fame that they
were expected to do so, but completely failed to ful
fill the expectation. They took no part in the fight
ing of the skirmish line as it cleared the way for the
main body of our troops. Neither did they join in
the direct attack upon the Spanish entrenchments
when the battle began in earnest. Nor would they
aid in the toilsome work of constructing roads for
the passage of the artillery from the coast to positions
on the hills from which they could command the
lines of the enemy.
These offenses of omission, however, are as noth
ing to the crime committed in the attack upon prison
eis of war. It is now difficult to see how Garcia can
be treated as other than an outlaw. The United
States cannot tolerate attacks upon prisoners who
had surrendered to its arms. Garcia has violated the
law of nations and of civilization and must pay the
penalty.
It is the fault of the Cubans themselves, therefore,
that they have lost the right to co-operate with our
army. Neither the people nor the troops of the
United States were prejudiced against them. On the
contrary, all the preconceived ideas of our people
were in their favor. Congress, in fact, came very
near recognizing their independent nationality and
sending an army there to uphold it. Had Garcia and
his followers shown any merit whatever this country
would have been only too glad to recognize it. Their
own acts have been the causes that have made co
operation impossible.
It must be borne in mind, moreover, that citizens
of the United States have great property interests in
the province of Santiago, and it is the duty of our
officers to provide a safe government for their pro
tection. As has been pointed out, our army landed
at a dock built by an American mining company; the
Bethlehem Iron Works own the railway from San
tiago to the manganese mines at San Luis; the
Juragua Mining Company is a Carnegie enterprise;
the Sigua Iron Company is American, and so on
through a long list, including railways and sugar
plantations and other properties. Mr. Rubens, the
Junta lawyer, estimates the American interests in the
surrendered territory at over $30,000,000.
This is more property than the Cubans own in that
province, and it is too valuable to be exposed to the
danger of civil disturbance. If the Cubans desire recog
nilior from our Government the way for them to ob
tain it is to march against Havana, and by action
in open and honorable war show that their troops are
capable of constructing military roads, fighting
battles, maintaining discipline, and performing other
deeds that are required of the armies of civilized na
tions.
The fact is worthy of note that several prominent
Republicans have not announced themselves as can
didates for the governorship. With nothing but
Magnire in the way, the prospect is tempting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
BUILDING AND LOON ASSOCIATION
COMMISSIONERS.
THE California State League of Mutual Build
ing and Loan Associations should lose no time
in taking energetic steps toward reforming or
abolishing the present worthless and expensive State
Board of Building and Loan Commissioners. The
league should be prepared when the Legislature as
sembles, next January, to have a Dili introduced
which will amend or repeal the present law, under
which a building and loan association secretary, like
Alsip of Sacramento, can rob shareholders without
danger of detection or exposure from the salaried
State officials, under whose supervision these associ
ations are placed.
At the second annual convention of the State
League of Mutual Building and Loan Associations
one of the delegates predicted that the position of
Commissioner would be sought for and filled by poli
ticians utterly incompetent to make an expert exam
ination of the books and affairs of a building and
loan association. The bill prepared by Mr. A. Sbar
boro of this city, and adopted by the convention in
October, 1802, provided for the appointment by the
Governor of only otu Commissioner, who should be
thoroughly competent to discharge all the duties of
the office.
Several delegates in the convention commented
upon the difficulty the Governor would experience
in discovering a man properly equipped by ex
perience and talent to fill the role of Commissioner.
Governor Markham, instead of being appalled by
the difficulty of finding on* expert in the business,
suggested that the bill should be so amended as to
make it two Commissioners, and also a secretary,
which was accordingly done, and he thus found snug
berths for three of his political friends, whose ca
pacity and fitness for the office time alone would de
velop. Politicians' ways of solving problems are not
likely to improve (as officers and stockholders of
building and loan associations have, no doubt, by
this time discovered), and so it will continue that
twa#Commissioners who know little or nothing of
the business will draw comfortable salaries for per
mitting their secretary, an expert with half a Com
missioner's salary, to do nearly all the work of the
office. No wonder then that the secretary is tempted,
when in the discharge of official duties, to add to his
salary by accepting remuneration as a non-official ac
countant from the party whose interest it is to ob
tain a favorable or whitewashing report. The law
should be amended so that no one could be ap
pointed Commissioner unless competent to expert
books and accounts of building and loan associations.
One Commissioner is enough to do the work, be
cause experience has shown that the secretary is prac
tically the commission. He should be compelled to
give his undivided attention to the duties of his
office, and not be permitted to engage in any other
business during his term.
These amendments are right in line with the ideas
of the men who drafted the original bill, which self
seeking politicians subsequently altered to suit their
purposes.
The expenses of this commission are saddled on
the building and loan associations of the State, and
stockholders are chafing under the burthen. They
feel it the more when they realize that their money
does not bring them the protection or results ex
pected.
The stockholders of the building and loan associa
tions of California can count upon the earnest co
operation of The Call in their efforts to remedy ex
isting abuses.
THE OGNEWS SCANDAL.
OUR efforts to let the light in upon the scan
dalous management of the Asylum for the In
sane at Agnews has, as usual, brought the
$30,000 railroad contract organ to the front as a de
fender of corruption. This is not at all surprising,
since that boodling sheet would be out of its element
without some unsavory job of throwing dust in the
eyes of the public on hand. The fact that the con
tract organ is now belittling the charges against Dr.
Sponogle and his subordinates, and charging their
accusers with corruption, is only an additional evi
dence that its genius for chicanery in compelling it
to engage in every dirty mess on the wrong side is
overpowering.
To those who have perused The Call's exposures
of the Agnews Asylum rottenness we need say noth
ing. Extreme care has been taken in preparing the
articles to publish only verified facts, attested by com
petent witnesses. Nothing resembling prejudice or
interest has dictated the course we have pursued.
Our purpose, as the work itself shows, has been to
illuminate a regrettable scandal, which has long
been public property, for the purpose of bringing
about a reformation. The statement of the organ that
somebody's interest has effected the exposure is
characteristic of a sheet which blackmails railroad
corporations, and, after receiving $22,000 for twenty
two months' silence, sells out to some other party and
repudiates its contract. A boodler who will not stay
bought is capable of any infamy.
It is not necessary to comment extensively upon
the treatment accorded to the Agnews scandal by the
contract organ. The degraded position it assumes
could only be the result of a corrupt motive, and there
is reason to believe that it has been sold out again.
The organ stamps the scandal as the result of a "po
litical quarrel" between two Democrats, and inti
mates that one of the Democrats has a little the bet
ter of it because he has been able to call a few Re
publicans to his assistance. Its attempt to create the
impression that Boss Rea of San Jose is taking sides
with The Call in this matter is dictated by the same
spirit. The sheet desires to belittle the charges as
as preliminary to a whitewashing investigation, the
foundation of which it is laying in its usual
boodlesque style.
The charges published by The Call, however, can
not be brushed aside in this way. They disclose
scandalous management at Agnews, and somebody
will have to give them attention or other reputations
than that of Dr. Sponogle and the contract organ
will suffer. If they are left for the next Legislature
to investigate a great deal of embarrassment may be
experienced in keeping politics out of the asylum. In
our opinion the Governor and State Lunacy Com
mission should give the Agnews institution a fair
and honest overhauling, notwithstanding the cold
water that will from now on be thrown upon the
affair by the railroad contract sheet. A thorough
cleaning out will be best for the people and all par
ties concerned.
Oakland survivors of the recent explosion object
to the rebuilding of a death factory In their midst,
and perhaps with some show of reason. Everybody
recognize* that bodily dissolution . is inevitable, but
the prejudice against being dissolved all over the
country is universal.
If Americans fail to remember the Maine now they
will be obliged to put in some time wondering what
we are fighting for in Cuba.
THE POLICE TORTURE CHAMBER.
T OCHNER was under a flre of
I cross-examination all day yes-
I terday, but he stuck to his orig-
I 4 Inal story of the tragedy. Last
night he was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, and given a
narcotic to settle his nerves."
This is not a passage from one t)f
Gaborleau's famous detective novels,
nor is It even a quotation from one of
Zola's eloquent denunciations of
French judicial methods. It Is simply
a piece of plain, every-day journalese,
taken from the columns of The Call.
Similar statements have appeared In
other newspapers in this city. For sev
eral days this Informal and Illegal ex
amination has been "going on, and even
the police themselves can hardly deny
the fact.
Let me state at the outset that I
have nothing whatever to do with the
guilt or innocence of Lochner. "Wheth
er he did or did not strangle Mrs. Car
penter, whether his character be clean
or unclean, is not the question to be
considered here. In the light of true
justice, every man is innocent until
he is lawfully found guilty.
What I want to know is — Who ap
pointed of Police Lees a Judge
destruction? It Is significant that
there is no English word to express the
office, the institution being peculiarly
French. By what right, moral or con
stitutional, does a mere Captain of
Police assume the authority to Intro
duce, into this free land, one of the
most pernicious of the many bad feat
ures which so markedly distinguish
the Latin from the Anglo-Saxon sys
tem of judicial administration?
More than seven centuries ago the
barons of England met at Runnymede
and wrested from an ignore and un
willing King, the Magna Charta, which
through all these centuries has been
the mainstay of Anglo-Saxon liberty.
True, it was but a victory of the nobles
over the Monarch, the great mass of
the people still remained in the same
wretched and enserfed condition. But
the lesson was not lost upon the na
tion, and from that day forward every
modification of the unwritten English
constitution meant the imposition of
further limitations upon the kingly
power. And so, three hundred years
ago, the great habeas corpus principle,
which was but rudely outlined In the
Magna Charta, was crystallized into an
Act of Parliament, to which the faith
ful Commons, using their power over
the royal purse as a lever, wrung the
reluctant consent of the weak Charles
11.
Thus, through the ages, our Anglo-
Saxon race has ever been in the fore
front of freedom, has ever been first,
and often alone, in the task of ennob
ling and raising the enslaved of the
world to a sense of their o».n manhood.
To-day Europe notes with astonish
ment, not unmlngled with awe, the
fact that this rreat nation has entered
actively upon the same noble crusade.
We are risking the lives of our noblest
and best, we are pouring forth our
treasure like water, in a cause which
seems to the Latin races Quixotic, be
cause, forsooth, they have never learnt
the true mear ig of the word liberty.
These nations, crushed under their
weight of military despotism, look on
in sullen protest, yet none dare inter
fere, for they know that it is not only
the United States which they will have
to fight when the cause of humanity is
at stake.
By the side of the great struggle
which is now going on, the case of a
miserable wretch like Lochner may
seem about as important as a worm on
j Mount Shasta. Yet his treatment by
I the police, and the treatment of many
others like him, indicates a growing
danger which the people of the United
States cannot afford to neglect. Hav
ing never known the burdens of tyr
| army, having never been oppressed by
I cruel and unscrupulous despots, the cit
! izens of the Union are apt to be lax
jin the watchfulness wnich alone can
i purchase true freedom. When the thir
teen States of the new world wrested
their independence from England, it
was with the view of increasing rather
than restricting the liberty of their
citizens. All the best features of the
English constitution, and among them
the great habeas corpus principle, were
embodied in the American law, there
to remain for all time, as a significant
tribute to the nation from which we
inherit our laws and our language. And
i 6ince the creation of the American con
stitution nearly all its best features
have become part of the law of
j land, so that to-day there is practically
no distinction between the freedom
which each State grants its citizens.
The difference is one in name only.
How is it, then, that the people of
this State sit quietly quiescent, while
j an irresponsible police official violates
at his own sweet will the first princi
; pie upon which the individual freedom .
|of each citizen is based? It is not the
! first time that Chief Lees has done it.
We read of the same thing whenever
the Police Department, in its bungling
way, is striving vainly to unravel some '
great criminal mystery. We hear of
this method, which is commonly known
as the "sweating process" being tried
every time a miserable being, who may
or may not have had anything to do
! with the case, is unlucky enough to fall
into the hands of the police. If the
President himself were to openly vio-
I late the constitution in such a flagrant
j way the whole nation would rise in re- j
i volt, and, therefore, I can hardly see i
i why the license should be allowed to a
petty police captain.
Apparently, Chief Lees' one idea of
detecting crime is to select some lndl
| vidual whom he vaguely thinks might
; have had something to do with the
; case. He openly defies the law by
j keeping the man under arrest without i
I bringing any formal charge against ;
' him, and then, from sheer inability to I
conceive any better detective plan, re- j
sorts to the sweating process. Day j
after day the suspected individual is j
brought from his cheerless cell to the i
captain's cozy office. There he is bul- j
lied and brow beaten, cross examined
in every possible way, in the hope that •
he may at last be induced to drop some
phrase which may be twisted into a
confession; or to give some hint which I
may furnish the detectives— groping ;
blindly in their inability to do their
own work for themselves — with a clew '
\ to the real identity of the murderer, i
For the suspected man is rarely the j
i real offender, and the police, in most
! instances, know it.
Except for the fact that Chief Lees '
does not use the thumbscrew and the i
rack, the red hot pinchers and the boil-
Ing oil, the plan Is really a revival of
the barbarous "Question under Tor
ture." It was the duty of the tor- j
mentor, by the employment of every j
cruelty which diabolical ingenuity
could devise, to wring some sort of
confession from his victim. Chief
Lees, t employing the more humane
modern methods, does much the same
thing, and worries his victim with
questions, cows him with threats, until,
as in Lochner's case, the man's mind is
wrecked, and he is reduced to a condi
tion verging on insanity. The only
difference is that the tormentor of the
medieval dungeons was a properly ap
pointed official, holding his office in a
perfectly constitutional way. What he
did was wrong, horribly wrong, from
our point of view; but still, judged by
the standard of his times, it was leg
ally right. Chief Lees, on the other
hand, is adopting medieval methods
without a shadow of justification, his
torture chamber is more alien to the
spirit of the nineteenth century than
the dungeons of the Bastile were to
that of the sixteenth.
If we are really going to adopt this
French system of secretly examining
prisoners and suspects before a Judge
d'lnstruction, let us do it legally and
with all proper checks against abuse.
Let us appoint able, upright men to
conduct the examinations, and let us
above all, repeal the portions of our
law which provide that every man ar
rested has a right to be tried in open
court at the earliest possible moment
after his arrest. Let us give Chief
Lees, by a formal statute, the auto
cratic power he now illegally assumes.
Let us give him the right to arrest any
man he chooses, and to keep him in
the tanks as long as he likes. Let us
do all these things openly, so that all
the people may know what is going
on, and may realize the despotic power
which they have unheedingly allowed
the Chief of the Police to assume.
J. F. ROSE-SOLET.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
O. Hilton of Dawson is at the Occi
dental.
Judge Ed C. Hlnkson of Sacramento Is
stopping at the Grand.
Senator E. C. Voorhies of Sutter Creek
is staying at the Palace.
Marion de "Vries, the Representative to
Congress, Is at the Occidental.
Robert Barton, proprietor of the Fresno
Opera House, is at the California.
C. Jesse Titus, proprietor of the Golden
Eagle Hotel, is stopping at the Palace.
J. C. Needham. the well-known poli
tician, of Modesto, is stopping at the
Grand. . . . %
Dr. F. K. Ainsworth of Los Angeles ar
rived yesterday and is stopping at the
Grand.
G. Myers, the well-known mining man
of Fort Jones, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Bayliss and daugh
ter of England are staying at the Occi
dental.
E. Jacobs, a prominent business man
and banker of Vlsalla, is registered at the
Occidental.
O«BaO®S®«S Colonel F. S.
I Chadbou m c is
, now a strong be
; liever in the effi
; cacy of regimen
. tals. A few
d;ivs aero he don-
THE EFFICACY
OF SHOULDER
STRAPS.
C(C(QCt.Q«QC**«*w ned his complete
uniform, and resplendent .in . braid and
tinsel promenaded about the Palace Hotel
court to the admiration of men, women
and hotel clerks who form a class of their
own. The colonel was dressed for the
flag raising at Camp Barrett. It has been
some time since the colonel regaled him
self in all his military finery, and he felt
uncomfortable. He himself confessed to
a mal d'aise feeling which, hoover, did
not last long. At first "Chad" hid behind
the massive wooden pillars that decorate
the west end of the court. He soon dis
covered that he only invited notice by
trying to avoid it, so he came out in the
open and braved the raillery of his
friends. In the midst of a personal and
silent narration to himself of great and
heroic deeds performed on the battlefield,
the colonel was interrupted by a stranger,
who, spying the insignia on his shoulder
straps, addressed him in an apologetic
manner and inquired about the army and
when the colonel expected to get away to
Manila. The colonel did not have time
to disillusionize the stranger, who was
flattered by the pliant affability of the
distinguished officer. The military man
was invited to drink. He replied that he
seldom drank, and then only on occa
sions. The stranger begged that this be
one of the occasions, and the colonel re
lented. "■ ,
Then followed an invitation to lunch.
No, the colonel rarely lunched except on
occasions. This proved to be one of the
occasions. The stranger knew of a" par
ticular vintage that he was positive would
please the refined taste of such a con
noisseur as the colonel must be. A goodly
quantity of objections were in order from
the military chair, but they were swept
nside by the other. Lunch finished the
two started to walk down the "line"—
the colonel happy with all things and con
scious of the fine figure he exposed to all
the Market-street world, the stranger
elated and overjoyed that he could be
seen arm in arm with such a distinguished
looking man, and a colonel at that. Mr.
Chadbourne had a very pleasant after
noon. He was not allowed to separate
himself from a shekel. He will wear those
glittering spangles soon again.
Nathaniel Greene and Thomas G.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A pure
Powder
Makes Wholesome, Delicious Food.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
Walker, of Watsonville, are registered at
the Grand.
David F. Walker, a well-known capital
ist of Salt Lake City, is visiting this city,
accompanied by his wife and family.
Judge Charles C. Jones and William
Beckman. ex-Railroad Commissioner, of
Sacramento, are stopping at the Grand.
J. R. Hebbron. formerly a member of
the State Bo"ard of Equalization and a
prominent cattle man of Salinas, is at
the Grand.
Philip M. Lydig of New York arrived In
this city last night. He has recently re
ceived the commission of captain and
will be assigned to duty at once.
Captain H. C. Osborn, a well-known
politician of Los Angeles and a recent
appointee to the Marshalship of South
ern California, is a guest at the Palace.
William Bodie, representing a big how
establishment of Saaz, Bohemia, is in
this city on a tour of inspection for the
firm which he represents. He is commis
sioned to both buy and sell hopa in larga
quantities.
A VETERAN'S LAMENT.
O, for the boys of the old brigade,
Who fought in the ranks of Lee!
Who charged the columns when Sherman made
With his lesions for the sea!
But the grasses of forest and field and glad*
Wave over the boys of the old brigade!
O, for the boys of the old brigade.
Who fought by my side that day
When we battled for victory blade to blade.
And the ranks at our rush gave wayj
But lone in the silence and shadow they re laid.
And the grasses wave green o'er the old
brigade.
O, for the boys of the old brigade!
And the legions seem to come
From a thousand graves, like breaetworkß
made.
And march to the rolling drum!
Like the shadows they march, and like ehadowß
they fade —
The ghosts of the boys of the old brigade t
And God rest the boys of the old brigade.
And hallow the turf that lies
Flowering over each crimsoned blade,
And over their dreaming eyes.
And the stars of God on the heights arrayed
Be sentinels over the old brigade!
—Frank L. Stanton in Atlanta Constitution.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS,
TWO WRECKS— W. J. X., City. The
steamer Ancon was wrecked at Neah
Bay, Alaska. August 28. 1889. The Idaho
was wrecked at Vancouver. November 29,
18S9.
TO BATAVIA— A- S., City. By the
usual mail routes which aggregate 16.050
miles from San Francisco to Batavla,
Java, a letter is about forty-six days in,
transit. _____
ADVERTISEMENT— A. S.. City. Ta
place an advertisement In a paper pub
lished in Java call on one of the news
papers agencies, the address of which can
be found in the classified part of the city
directory.
TO. ENLIST— P. D., City. If you desire
to enlist in the regular service of the
United States army, make your applica
tion at the recruiting office at the Pre
sidio; if you desire to enlist in the volun
teer service, you will have to apply to
officers of any of the regiments located
here. If it is your desire to enter the hos
pital corps of the volunteers, you will
nave to apply at the tent of the surgeon
of any of the regiments. This depart
ment cannot inform you if there is a
vacancy in the volunteer hosjtftal corp3
in this city at this time.
LETTERS FOR SOLDIERS AND SAIL
ORS—W. D. S., Boise City, and several
others. Letters intended for soldiers or
sailors should be addressed to name, com
pany, letter of the same, regiment, State
from which it came and last known place
where located, if a soldier; name, rank,
ship and fleet, also last known station, if
addressed to a sailor. The postage is do
mestic postage. The Postofflce Depart
ment will forward by the most direct
route. For a soldier, if a private, the su
perscription should be; "John Jones,
Company A, Twenty-third Idaho Volun
teers. Manila. Philippine Islands." If to
a commissioned or non-commissioned of
ficer, the rank should precede the name,
as "Colonel Smith," "Corporal James
Wilson," etc. The same rule applies to
the navy, for instance: "Sam Bowline,
United States Steamer Texas, Rear Ad
miral Sampson's Fleet, Santiago de Cuba,
Cuba,"
Cal. tflace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Desirable Wedding Presents.
Onyx Tables, Banquet Lamps, Parlor
Pictures, Ladies' Purses, Traveling Sets.
Wave Crest Ware. etc. Beautiful goods
and moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
At a Macedonian wedding it is custom
ary for the bridegroom to lead home the
bride by a halter. As she enters the
house he knocks her head against the
wall as a sign to her that she must be
have herself properly or It will be the
worse for her.
Rates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at - new ticket offlc«
of tho Santa Fe route at 628 Market St. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. ' . will pay
you to investigate.
TO PORTLAND, OREGON, 48 hour*. First
cabin. $12; second-class, $8, including meals
and berths. Steamship Columbia, 2000 tons,
July 10, 18, 26, August 3. Steamship State of
California, 1500 tons, July 14, 22, 30, August 7.
Sail from Folsom-street pier No. IJ, 10 a. m.
No better or more modern steamships on Pa
cific ccast. A cool and delightful summer
vrip: exhilarating sea air. The public Is wel
come and invited to visit these ships whilo in
port. Office 630 Market street.
Many ladles »re martyrs to suffering. Thalr
Best help is Parker's Ginger Toxic.
I'abkke's Hair Balsam Is life to the h»lr.
Dr. Stegert's Angostura Bitters is a sure cur»
of diarrhea, dysentery, ill effects of hard
water, fevers, etc.
Baluchistan, viewed as a whole, is de
scribed by a recent traveler as on© of
the most sterile countries imaginable,
the greater part of it covered with
stones and boulders, the debris from the
countless ranges of hills which cut up
the land. In fact, it is an uninhabited
desert, except where the traveler comes
upon the oases of date palms.sold/Ms ~^r% .IW/:t>i- Ji/hA™* S^nd
c^/vc^-s PORTO niacK
m/ #^» -^?^*^ [^^^^
Bf D*.teo.r.sHA,Rcrf, - — 1 n I H I H S'^> ■tSjS^'K."^ '-
PR€S.Fi£D CROSS SOC/ETV [ r I '1 11 ,1 1 lo ; : y>:;-^;-;--''
ViA^ y ' ' I %°@ I
>*^^ <*^ * a: — ■ '-og^^H^^^ /ffl^r>\ iy ii i)
\»*S.oj* -,-tUgE — "r" rr ****^
=" W^s>^^ ,j , , . I
LOCHNER IS
NOW LYING
Carpenter Suspect De
nies Statements.
SADIE WAS SMOTHERED
PRISONER GOES TO PIECES WHEN
PUT ON THE RACK.
The Rag Was Tied Around Her
Throat After Death— New
Developments.
Chief I.cc? and Captain Seymour no
lnnpfr hesitate to express their belief that
Joseph Lochner is the murderer of Sadie
Carpenter. Each day's developments
ppom to demonstrate beyond a doubt
that he is the guilty man.
The Chief said last night: "This is a
most mysterious case, but we are grad
ually getting some light on it. It looks
to m» that Lochner is guilty, but I cannot
tell at this time whether we will be able
to get a strong enough case against him
to secure a conviction. Everything we
have gathered -will be submitted at the
Coroner's inquest Monday."
It is now positively known that Mrs.
Carpenter was not strangled with the rag
found knotted about her neck. It was
tiod on in Buch a manner that no force
could have been applied, or it would have
torn in two. Recent developments indi
cate that she was smothered either with
a pillow or the bed clothing, and the rag
j«larfd on her throat by the murderer to
indicate suicide. Lochner is not bearing
up well, and his memory is failing him.
Uf> now contradicts statements he made
earlifr in the week, and then seeks to
In. All these things count against
him. Witnesses who have previously
made statements are returning to the po
ll' o headquarters and voluntarily giving
additional information which further
blackens the character of the suspect.
No formal charge has yet been made
against Lochner.
The whereabouts of Carpenter, the
missing husband, is still unknown, and
the police are unable to get any trace of
him. The letter from Los Gatos. alleged
to have been written by him and pub
lished In a morning paper, was a hoax.
Captain Seymour put Lochner on the
rack again last night, and during the or
deal the suspect became greatly confused
ana made many contradictions to his own
statements in former interviews which
•were taken in shorthand.
l nder cross-examination by Captain
Seymour Lochner said that when he went
Into Mrs. Carpenter's room he saw her
race and the outline? of i»er form on the
bed by the reflection from the street
lights" He went to the bedside immedi
ately and shook the woman by her shoul
der She showed no signs of lite, anu he
then s-.w a dark streak around her neck
and placed hU hand there and felt a rag
tied in a hard knot, "which he Immediately
untied and let the ends drop down on the
bed. In hia former statements Lochner
Mul hia first movement was to place his
hand on her face and then on her neck,
he discovered the persence of the
Now he- says he was mistaken in his
" r n'e n ;ilpo a contradicts himself as to the
not Mrs. Carpenter's hand? when
be went to the bedside. First ,ie declared
her h.-.i da were on the outside of the bea
covering and that he saw them by the re
i light from across the street. LASt
night he declared positively that her
hands were under the clothes, and that
lx> removed the covering. Heretofore he
h.-.!> emphatically asserted he did not d.s
turb the bod clothes either before or after
he Ascertained the woman was dead.
; ier now declares he saw
iht cl ! the dead woman s neck
undid thp knot. In previous
iratlons he has maintained that he
cc Hie cloth until Night Clerk
Prleur had llghtr-d the gas. but that he
felt it in the dark. During his last Inter
view with the oaptaln Lochner told, for
the first time, thru a portion of Mrs. <~"ar
penter'a hair was between the cloth and
her throat, and that the knot was tied
over the hair. Captain Seymour asked
him sharply why he had not mentioned
this dftail before. Lochner stuttered,
hesitated, and then muttered, "I did not
think It was nerppsary."
The captain then asked him, "Why did
you go so fiuiekly to the bed when Prieur
opened tho door, and before he struck a
match to light the pas?"
His reply in a hurried manner was,
"Well, you see, she was a particular
friend of mine."
"But in view of Lizzie Riley's remark
that 'there was trouble in room 10* would
It not have been natural for a man to
hesitate a little?" said the captain.
Well, I suppose so, may bo," answered
Lochner.
The rag found around Sadie's neck was
then handed to Lochner. and he was
asked to tell how it was tied around the
murdered woman's neck.
He seemed to lose his self-control for
a moment and nervously fumbled the
rag. After turning It in an undecided
manner for a moment or two he attempt-
Ed to explain how it was fastened, but
seemed unable to do so. Captain Seymour
took the cloth from Lochner's trembling
hands and placed around his neck. He
seemed quite starteld and drew back.
Recovering himself with a visible effort
he took hold of the ends of the rag and
illustrated the knot as he found it. •
In this incident the suspected murderer
again contradicted his original story and
gave the poUce another point, which will
le used against him. Until last night
he has said the rag was twisted compact
ly and then knotted, when as a matter
of fact it is only long enough to encircle
a man's wrist when tied in the manner
he described. Seeing his mistake Loch
ner then took the cloth, which is almost
square, with a tear half through the mid
dle of it. and said the two ends were tied
around Sadie's throat, leaving a large
flap under her shoulders.
Lochner's demonstration clearly estab
lished the theory of the police, referred
to above, that Sadie Carpenter was not
strangled, but that she was smothered.
In whatever manner she came to her
death the rag found around her throat
had nothing to do with the cause there
of, and was used by the murderer as a
blind. Lochner's knowledge of all these
details, which are "pweated" out of him
by degrees, has forced the police to the
opinion that he is a murderer.
After the interview with Lochner Chief
Lees, Captain Soymour and the newspaper
men working: on the case went to the
Hubbard House to test the truth of his
rnents that he saw Sadie's face and
the rag on her neck before the gas was
lighted.
All the investigators were satisfied that
he had lied. It was an impossibility for
him to have seen anything when he went
into the room under the conditions he
himself describes. He said all the blinds
were closed except the upper half of the
middle window, and that the light fn>m
a saloon across the street penetrated the
room, giving sufficient light for him to
discern the rag.
Two electric lights, which are extin
guished at midnight every night, were
burning brightly when the Investigation
was made last night. (These lights were
out when Lochner and Prlcur went into
the room Sunday morning about 1:30.)
The blinds were closed and the hall door
opened, as he described, and there was
not enough light in the room to distin
guish anything in the corner in which the
bed stood. That was another link in the
chain now being forged against Lochner.
From the Hubbard House. Chief Lees
and Captain Seymour went to the Belle
vue saloon, and searched in all the crev
ices and corners of the back rooms. They
were looking for the dead woman's miss
ing watch. Nothing was found which be
longed to the woman. The saloon will be
thoroughly searched to-day.
Darby Glynn, who was in the saloon
Sunday morning when Lorhner came in
there and announced that Sadie had been
murdered, was questioned as to Joe's ac
tions. He said he was standing at the
end of the bar, nearest the Fourth-street
door, when Lochner came in. Joe told
him of the murder, and Glynn replied,
"That's too bad, Joe; you will be ar
rested for it." Glynn says he was only
joshing. The bartender and Glynn con
tradict Lorhner as to the length of his
Ptay in the saloon. Joe says he went in
and told the news to the bartender, and
wont right out and returned to the Hub
l;ard House. Glynn says he remained ton
mlnutee, and the bartender says he re
mained about five. While he was in tho
saloon Joe talked with several men who
wore there. Another new point against
him. Chief Lees has not received the offi
cial report of the autopsy surgeon, and
Is not. therefore, wholly familiar with the
condition of the body when taken to the
Morgue.
The following witnesses have been sub
penaed to nppear at the Coroner's Inquest
Monday morning and give their testi
mony:
Joseph Lochner. Fred Carstens. Adolph
Prieur, Mrs. Anderson, George Weisger
ber, O, Fred Kamp, H. Ringsholtz. Liz
zie Riley, Mrs. Annie Halsey. Sergeant
Donovan, Officers Conlan, Tuits, O'Keefe,
McOrayn, ODea, Dillon, Thomas Me-
Donpugh. McGreevey, Charles Miller
(Hubbard House), Mr. Raulet (proprietor
Hubbard House), Special Gilroy and sev
eral others, whose names are withheld
because of the, character of the evidence
they will give.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and I,arkln stc. ; swimming:, Rusplan, hot
and cold tub baths; salt water direct from
ocean.
RODE AN OLD PLUG.
Mounted Policeman Kennedy Injured
by His Horse Falling on Top
of Him.
Mounted Policeman T. H. Kennedy,
who Is attached to the Mlsson district,
was riding along Brannan street yester
day morning and at Second street his
horse's feet went from under it and it
fell on top of him.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal, where it was found that a vessel in
his left leg was ruptured, his left wrist
was sprained and his left elbow was con
tused and abralsed. It will lie some time
before he is fit for duty again.
Corporal Shanahan. who is in charge of
the mounted men, says that each time
they go out they take their lives In their
own hands, as the animals they use are
nothing but "old plugs" and totally unfit
for police duty.
The Bed Cross
Is shown on Town Talk's title page to
day, as a frame for Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin's features, and the number itself is
given up to the Red Cross workers and
their portraits. Mrs. Merrill, Mrs. Har
rington Mrs. Redding, Mrs. Powers and
others are shown, and the issue is a very
valuable one in Red Cross literature.
There is a Btoriette with a Red Cross
heroine The various departments of ed
itorial Saunterer, society, musical, dra
matic ' graphology and aftermath are
readable above the average. • |
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
AUXILIARIES ARE
CALLED UPON FOR AID
FUNDS NEEDED TO CARRY ON
THE FIELD HOSPITAL.
Departing Soldiers Feasted by the
Hospitality Committee — Other
Notes of Interest.
Auxiliaries to the Red Cross Society
throughout California are being impressed
with the importance of the field hospi
tal, which will be established in Manila,
and their assistance is earnestly asked
by the State Society, as the expense of
carrying on such a large venture will be
great.
In a letter sent to these branches yes
terday its members are informed that
hospital tents, a thorough equipment and
supplies sufficient for five or six months'
use have been loaded on the transports,
and that six nurses will represent the
organization in the fever-infested coun
try. Attention Is strongly called to the
needs of tho boys in blue in
that dangerous country, where the
climate and the people are their
foes, with a view to gaining their
co-operation. "According to the spirit ot
the Red Cross," it says, "no demand Is
made for aid, but the matter is presented
to your auxiliary for its serious consid
eration, in the hope that you will aid us
to the extent of your ability."
It may be important for members to
know that the Ked Cross Society of this
State is recognized as an auxiliary to the
American National Red Cross. Judge
Sheldon, who is its legal representative,
informed a correspondent that such was
the case.
Subscriptions were received by the State So
ciety from the following auxiliaries: Vaca
ville, $30; Ventura, $25; han Diego, $100; Calia
t'<£;,i, (SO; Whitlock mine, Mariposa County,
$20 75; Gait, $5; Marysvtlle, $12 50; Magalia.
Uutte County, $22 16; Oruvllle, $5; Tracy, El
i'e.«cadero I'arlor, N. S. G. \V\, $18 30; Downle
ville, i2O; Little Shasta Congregational Sunday
Bchool, $15; Weaverville, $10; Corvallia, Or..
$26; Pleasant, J2; Lompoc, $100; Fort Bidwell
Red Cross Sunday School, $17 35.
The following communication is self-explan
atory:
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SOUTH DAKOTA
INFANTRY, U. 8. V., CAMP MICKRITT.
SAX FRANCISCO, Col., July 22, IS9B.
My Dear Mrs. Harrington— l wish to express
to you and through you to the ladies of the
Red Cross Society our appreciation of the
many kindnesses your noble organization has
Bhowered upon us. We ara especially grateful
fur your help In the care of our sl<-k. Yours
sincerely, a. B, FROST,
Colonel First South Dakota Infantry, U. S. V.
The hospitality committee was busy early
yesterday morning. It furnished 1260 lunches
to the boys on board the transports. Through
the kindness and good management of Colonel
Frost the ladies were enabled to give lunch to
each man without any difficulty. They have
also prepared lunches for the 300 Washington
men, who are expected in to-day. The ladles
who distributed the lunches to-day were the
Missos I'HUnghaat, Mesdames Lowenberg,
Buckingham, Hetuh, Rourne, Slack, MacKen
zie and Mr. ami Miss Loring.
Lunches were received at the ferry from
J.lrs. Charles Stone, Mrs. Church, San Frnn-
CISCO Sawdust Association, Miss Franklin. Lau
rel Hall Club, oSO; Century Club, 500; Sorosis
500; Philomath, 1000.
Donations were received at the State rooms
from Pleasanton, Los Angeles, Palo Alto
Dougherty, Trinity Church Guild, Menlo Park,
Woodland, San Jose, Belmont, Santa Barbara
Oakland, Pa*O Rubles, Ventura, Willow Glen,
Mendocino, Stockton, Santa Cruz, Calintopa,
Tulare, San Rafael, San Jose, Los Angeles,
San Anselmo, Felton.
Th>> Grand Lodge of Masons has opened a
reading and writing tent at C'nmp Merritt. Mr.
Efotton la in charse and writing material and
stamps are furnished to the soldiers. Mrs.
Wlllats. assisted by the ladies of the Eastern
Star, through the kindness of friends and the
R"d Cros* Sook-ty, have distributed chest pro
tectors, caps and broth. The lowa men have
received marked attention.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst gave $300 to the South
Dakota Regiment. One hundred vat expended
here and two hundred given to the 'chaplain
for comforts for the mfn.
;ii- Beatnctrecsea at 16 Post street have Just
finished a larpf quantity of chest protectors,
blue OB one side and gray on the other, for
the Tennessee by».b <y».
Mrs. A. H. Boomer has received many letters
of appreciation from towns and cities In Idaho
and WaafainstOtl asking her to express their
heartfelt thanks to the public in enabling the
Red CroM to show so much kindness and een
en>Mty to their boys.
Subscriptions were received by the local so-
Ciety from the following: Miss 6. Stanford
|10; collected by Red Cross boxes by Mrs
Loosley, $6 63; Larkin-street Dog Show Com
pany, $7 30; phonograph benefit (M. Kollman
5»8 Market street), IT 60; memberships, J9- W
F. Wilson. $25: gueptf at McKlnney's, per Mrs'
<J. W. Fletcher, $8 30; friend, sc; Lleutmant
Button. Engineer Corps, |S; memberships, J5
leaving on hand, net balance, $29,575 04.
Donations were received at 16 Posk street
from < hnrles M. Pium & Co.. Grade Evans
Mrc. U Sloss. Mrs. Weber, Millbrae Dairy'
Uelmont School, W. P. A. Brewer. Mrs G M
Hubbard, friends. Mrs. C. T. Phillips, Fo'runi
<"lub. Mrs. Townsend, Vienna R;ikery, Quiros
Soda Company and Mrs. C. T. Mills.
Read the Exciting travels of two
French adventurers who were five
years making their way from San
Diego to Paris, in next Sunday's Call.
Declined to Prosecute.
When Private John Lynch, Company A,
Thirteenth Minnesota, who ran amuck on
Market street opposite the Baldwin Ho
tel Thursday night, appeared before
Judge liogan yesterday morning to an
swer a charge of assault the complain
ing witness, E. D. Eaton, refused to pros
ecute him, saying ue had no feeling in the
matter. Lynch apologized in open court
to Eaton and the Judge dishmissed the
case.
Condensed war news of the week. Keep
posted by reading the Star. Subscription
$1 50 per year, 5 cents a copy. •
MIRACULOUSLY ESCAPED DEATH.
F, Winters Jumps From a
Window to a Roof Be
low and Lies There for
Four Hours,
WHILE In a state of delirium
brought on by an overindulgence
in liquid refreshment, F. Winters
of 2542 Mission street, an actor by
profession, jumped from a window in the
Grand Southern Hotel on Seventh and
Mission streets on Thursday night. to the
roof of an adjoining house, a distance of
twenty feet, and fractured his left leg In
two places.
WORMY FRUIT
CONFISCATED
Thirty-Five Boxes Cast
Into the Bay.
SHIPPERS WERE WARNED
ACTION OF HORTICULTURAL
QUARANTINE OFFICER.
Damaging Work of the Codlin Moth
and the Way It Affects Ship
pers and Commission
Men.
Quarantine Officer Alexander Craw of
the State Board of Horticulture is keep
ing a sharp lookout and condemning all
infested or wormy fruits received in ship
ment for the local market. Yesterday he
and his assistant, Mr. Isaacs, chopped up
fifteen boxes of Bartlett pears and
dumped them into the bay. The day pre
vious a seizure of twenty-five boxes was
made, and out of this lot all but five
boxes were subjected to similar treat
ment. These shipments were from up the
Sacramento River.
The quarantine and confiscation work is
being done under rule VI of the State
horticultural regulations, which prohibits
the offering for sale, gift or distribution,
within the State, of any fruits found in
fested with any insect, or with any fungi,
blight or other diseases injurious to fruit
or trees or plants.
At the Fruit-growers' convention, as
sembled at Riverside, April 15 last, a reso
lution was adopted, the preamble of
Which pointed out the shipment of wormy
fruits to this and other cities as being
detrimental to the interests of growers;
as lowering the price of good fruit and
disseminating the codlln moth afresh all
over the State. It was recommended that
the State Uoaxd of Horticulture take such
steps as shall stop the transportation and
exposure for sale of such infested fruit.
The regulations, although being strictly
inforced, are not being closely complied
wnn.
All the transportation companies and
commission houses have been notified to
warn their shippers that any infested
fruit will be seized and quarantined, but
it appears that such notification has been
ignored in most instances, with the above
result, and just now fruit is coming in
abundantly.
As a consequence of the Quarantine Of
ficer's execution of the law there is liable
to be a damage suit brought by L. Sca
tena & Co., wliose fifteen boxes of pears
were dumped into the bay. Scatena
claims that the officers had no right to
confiscate his personal property. The
matter has been called to the attention
of Attorney General Fitzgerald, and will
be thoroughly investigated.
Generally speaking, fruit is in better
condition this season than for several
years past. A few years ago fruit was
very scaly, but where orchardlsts disin
fected their trees sinre there has been
but about 2 per cent bad. where formerly
the percentage stood at 32.
Commenting on the two seizures, Quar
antine Officer Craw said: "We do not
expect much trouble, for as soon as the
shippers learn that infested or wormy
fruit will surely be confiscated or con
demned they will cease shipping fruit
that ought to be fed to the hogs or manu
factured into vinegar. They can get no
price for wormy fruit. Moreover, it af
fect's the price of good, sound fruit, and
outsiders lose confidence in the local mar
ket Such fruit cannot be shipped to Ore
gon and Washington, for the commission
men there will not have it at any price,
and shipment after shipment has been
returned in the past. These same ship
pers send their best fruits to the East.
Orchardists could prevent all this wormy
fruit by caring properly for their trees."
The codlin moth, which has caused all
the trouble, was introduced in this State
from the East in 1573, by a grower. The
fruit infested was exhibited at a State
fair, at a time when no one had a right
to interfere. The very next year the fruit
in that section was infested, and this
state of affairs reached Los Angeles trees
three years later, through fruit sent there
from up the Sacramento River. The cod
lin moth deposits one egg on an apple or
pear, as the case may be; the egg hatches
For four hours the Injured Thespian lay j
on the roof without any clothing but his
pajamas, pierced by the cold winds and j
suffering excruciating pain from the j
broken limb. Unable to move and too
weak to call assistance, he remained
there, cursing and muttering until mid
night, when, through good fortune, Mies
Hettie Cornelius, his friend, discovered
his predicament and called assistance.
The Receiving Hospital ambulance was
sent for, and for an hour or more the
stewards worked hard to bring him to the
sidewalk. In their efforts to get him down
they were compelled to pass him through
a skylight, over obstructions, through
passageways and down numerous flights
of stairs, during all of which the groans
and cries of the unfortunate man were
heard.
Luckily for him, he was Inebriated, and
his senses were partially dulled to pain.
The proverbial good fortune of the in
toxicated man was exemplified again.
Had he, instead of walking down two
passageways, jumped from the window in
the hallway leading direct from Miss Cor
nelius' room, he would have struck the
ground five stories below and been in
stantly killed.
The young lady above alluded to Is the
daughter of Mrs. Cornelius, a spiritualist
at 1033 Mission street. She visited the
police station earlier In the evening, wildly
excited, and breathlessly inquired of those
In charge whether they had found a man
wandering around minus his clothes and
shoes. She was assured that no such per
son had been found, and she returned to
her hotel and renewed her search for the
missing man. Fortunately for Winters,
she looked out of the window, or he would
not have been found until the next day.
Accompanied by a youth named Jannette,
she followed her friend to the hospital,
carding his habiliments on her arm. She
was solicitous about Winters' welfare, but
was not allowed to comfort him while his
injury was being attended to, owing to tne,
childish remarks of her escort. Both
were compelled to wait in another room
while Dr. Bunnell repaired the broken leg.
Besides a fracture, Winters will have
numerous bumps and bruises to remind
him of his jump Into space.
out a worm, which eata the seeds, and,
cutting a tunnel through the core, works
Its way out and hides as a chrysalis.
"Israel's Tithe to America," in
next Sunday's Call.
Railroad Facilities Wanted.
The residents on Ashbury Heights, as
also those of the southeast section of the
Mission, embracing Potrero and Bryant
avenues and the San Bruno road, com
plain of the unjust discrimination made
by the Market-street Railway Company
against the people traveling in these di
rections.
To reach the park from tha City and
County Hospital or any of the streets on
the southeast side of the Mission requires
two fares, as there are no transfers given
or taken from the Sixteenth-street cars
to any of the cars running southeast of
Folsom street. A transfer to and from the
Howard-street line would be hailed with
much delight by all who travel in either
direction. This will be made more apapr
ent as soon as the Affiliated Colleges get
under way with the work designated for
that branch of the State University.
From this place students and physicians
will visit the hospital in the interests of
the public and that of their profession
and they will, under the present system
be compelled to pay two fares.
Another cause of complaint comes from
the traveling public on the line of Leav
enworth street and streets adjacent there
to. In this case no transfers are given to
the Ellis and Fourth street cars, which
go direct to the San Jose depot. A chronic
complaint is on record in the manager's
office from the traveling public on the
Geary-street line because the railroad
company refuses to give transfers at
Kearny and Third streets, which would
enable people going to the depot at Third
and Townsend streets to get there for one
fare.
At the Height
Of the season and the crowds still wonder
how it is that there never seems to be
a crowd when once Inside the grounds at
El Campo. The place is so vast and so
beautiful and there are bo many cool re
treats that there is no probability of dis
comfort.
It's one thing to go anywhere on an or
dinary boat and miite another to go on
the big steamer Ukiah. It's like floating
around in a big hotel— plenty of room.
She makes four round trips every Bun
day. ♦
Bead the Exciting travels of two
French adventurers who were five
years making their way from San
Diego to Paris, in next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Up
to
date-
to-day's
News Letter.
Take
it
home.
NEW WEBTERN HOTEL,
KEAKNY. AND WASHINGTON bXtt.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KING, WAAP k
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to $1 60 day,
fS to 'itt week. |8 to $30 month. Free t-ths; hot
and cold water every room; fire grates In every
room; elevator runt all night.
; ADVERTISEMENTS. '
3+O+o-*o*o + o*o + O + 0-*o+o*o*o+o+-o*-o*-0-»-0-«-O+-0-*-O-*-04-O-»-0-*-
'; 2 to S to-day.
fourteenth afternoon concert toy Bruck's orchestra
(Sohmer Grand Piano Used.)
program t
PART I. PART ll.— (Continued.)
1. March, /'ln Command" Michaelts 8. Waltz. "Stories From the Vienna
2. Waltz, "La Berceuse" Waldteufel WnnrW ct~r...
3. Overture, "Romantic" ..Keler Bela _ ooaa Strauss
4. Selection, "Bells of Cornevllle" (Descriptive waltz written by the famous
. . •••• •• •.:„•,:••« •■;• Planquette waltz king.)
6. Medley overture, "The Burlesquers." a Medlpv .< T tn ■!-»„♦«.•> »„„
or Rentz-Santley Recker * Jueaiey, op Thf Czar'nf'Vh; Beyer
« Tw ( o In po°pu^ n fon P^ Ular mel ° Ma^vey der^'&^enSon" &r^Nam^
(a) P "The Son*r That Maeele S oney ' Is Yer Owlne to Throw Me
%in*l" g mlVpv Down?-The Warmest Baby in the
fbi "rs-ihpiin" "- Rrftton Bunch-On the Banks of the Wabash—
(D) Isabella Bratton Rehearsal for the Coons' Cake Walk.
PART 11. 10. Gavotte. "The Harpist" ...Komzak
7. Serenade, for flute and horn Tlttl 11. Mazurka, "Teasing Strauss
Messrs. Bridges and Keller. _ 12. March, "Sampson" Alauers
"THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER."
mothers' and children's day I
children's |aw ■ |w » lf\r *.
hose Ie/C Pa-" vclls lOC each
I1U »V, "-^f w 250 cream wash veils, a full yard
In tan and brown cotton, fine long, worth 25c. put in for econom-
• Maco yarn, ' high snliced heels, leal mothers to-day at 16c. (better
double knee and toes, sizes 6to 9; . veiling 25c up to $1 yard),
regular 25c, and worth it. kid /t>« 'f\f\
new of* 61ovcs JbLOO
.- « *)Kr The celebrated "H. B." 2-clasp
flHlffc A-* %£ over-seamed kid glove, latest cm-
"** lVl ° ; broidery in tan, mode, brown, red.
Just in— doz. ladies' scalloped blue, green, slate, silver gray,
Swiss embroidered hdks— de- white, pearl and black.
dreams for little money. (We're enlarging our millinery
work-rooms.)
children's ChQ/^ SJS*.- 98c
reeters %skj**\ For chndreni }n m i xed check goods
In navy and red, cap sleeves, 6 gilt made for good hard wear, but not
buttons, sizes 6 to 12 years, only a made to sell at this price— a
few, cut from $1 50 to 98c. few left.
(We've a parlor for mothers.) (Cool and comfortable shopping
here.) i*
blouse <2>l erA laundl . O^r>
jUWKCId . w w a carload just in— 24,000 cakes—
Navy and red (a few reefers too), Cudahy's ' Diamond C, a cake
trimmed with braid, sizes 4 to 12 weighs 9 ounces and lasts through
years, reduced from $2 50 to $150 to a day's washing,
close out. | . (See our big bazaar, and it's grow-
(We've chairs for the baby.) ing.)
children's ftg^b^es $5*50
t^e£ef»«S vJ£Pw Our leader, reed body and hood,
ltgivu ' w ! shellac finished, upholstered in fan-
11 of them, top collar, In tan only, 6 cy cretonne, steeel wheels with pat-
gilt buttons, sizes in 6 to 12 years, ent brake and four C springs. It's
cut from $1 25 to 65c. good— must be more than usually so
(Private fitting rooms for corsets.) when we make a leader of It.
(Read our ad In Sunday's papers.)
937°939-94 943 51 945 =: 947 Market Street.
(Frisco's busiest store.)
If anything alls your Skin, Scalp, Complexion
or Hair call on or write Dermatologist JOHN
H. WOODBURY, 127 West Forty-second St.,
New York. Consultation free; charges moder-
ate. Use Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial
Cream, Facial Powder and Dental Cream; sold
everywhere, 25c each.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Cured!
76-page book sent free. S. R. Chamlet. M. p.
17 THIRD ST.. Near Market St.
SCIVDTO SOMEONE WITH CAWCER
MADE ME A MAN
S&s* AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
&F *\ A.UL Nervous J>l*easea— Failing Mem-,
■Si «» jfl ory, Impotenoy, Sleeplessness, etc.. caused
V Jll by Abase or other Excesses and Indls-
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
ALZXervous I>isease»— Failing Mem-
ory, Impotence. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
by Abase or other Excesses and Indis-
cretions. They quickly and surely
i r_ restore Lost Vitality in older young, and
> Vyss' l fit a man for study, business or marriage,
'TsW"*«B3fc Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in is. Their nso shows immediate improve-
ment and effoots a CUBE where all other fail In-
tUt upon h»»ing the gemtine Ajnx Tablets. They
hare eared thousands and wil 1 cure yon. We (five a pos-
itire written cnnranUse toofioct a cure CA f*TO in
each caf.o or refund the m6hey. Price UU Ul«i per
paekace; or six pkses (fall treatment.) for $2.50. By
I mail, In plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
*-• AJAX REMEDY CO.,
For Ml* In San Francisco by Lelpnits * Co*,
ttt SatUr. No-PercenU*e Pharmacy, Ml HkX.
Q Tim DR. JORDAN'S °r.«t
ififfgn Museum of Anatomy
Jg|pi§\ 1051 UASZXT ST. bet. 6th* 7th f S.T. CaL
D 318 "■ The Largest cfH» kind in th«Werld-
lsiil?\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
lfiwln Bk Comulutlon free. TTriu for Bm*
W| of Marriage.
B U i HAILED FREC.
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aohes. Old Soros, Ulcers ■
In Mouth, Hair-Falling? Write COOK BEM-i
i EDYCO., aia MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 9
' v CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital ■
j E 1600.000. Worst cases cured In li> to 36 days. ■
i 100-page bo ok free. |
DR.MCNULTY.
I^HIS WELL-KNOWIT AND RELIABLE OMJ
X Specialist cure* Prlrate.Nervous.Ulood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. -Manly Power restored. Over
.20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
dally toS.SOev'irs. Sundays. 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential Call or address
1». ROKCOE McKULTT. M. !»..
26^ KEARWY STREET. BAN FRANCISCO. CAL
£r& Chlohester's Encllth Diamond Brand. ""-
POhlchMter's Eacllth Diamond
ENNYROYAL PILLS
Bf _^g*-v Original and Only Gennine. A.
. ./Ty-tT\ B*rc. tlw*7i able, udicsul /TV
f"A\ V&SiMi I'rnsgiil for CMchttter t Riiglith r>in-JSf\^
|Ty>TOffiii niiif ffrriTi if in Bed and Gold metallic VWSr
lealed with bias ribbon. Take \!y
■fH JS^*Wno other. Refute dangenw* rubr titu- V
\'/~ fa 'ion* and imitation: At Drngi;iita, oreeo«4a
I W JJf In ftampt for partlonlan, testimonials and
I fS* B •' Relief fbr Ladle*" in letUr. by re tarn
aJk IT Mall. 10.000 T-«tiTinni»!i. Umar Paper. ■
v—*-/'ol<l'->ir«H'T<'heni!pnlCo..Mflrt|«onv —*-/'01<l'->ir«H'T<'heni!pnlCo..Mflrt|«on Pqaare.
•lid by all Loraluraiaciita. , M:U- >.35A.. FA
_ — _—
I lO^""" INJECTION.
i| A PERMANENT CURE if
] i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ■ [
i ' • and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 c
i [ days ; no other treatment required. i
I i / Sold by all druggists. 5
«4jggoS&s^*/J £&8 "foV^r.VTh'SS!
OK EtrSfga Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
Hgy in Ito 5 days. Whites, unnatural dis-
JB7 Ou»r»n«<!d M charges, or any Inflamma-
■•l MI "> '« or <>. tion, irritation or ulcera-
■••PraTenU ceat»gion. tion of muc o v g mem-
wJvITHEEvANaCHEMmHna branes. Kon-agtringent. I
.E^??! Sold by »rng-;tista.
>H^ft^ V. S. a. -jUSeS ?r? r lent in plain wrapper,
-^^gi PT exprew, prepaid, for
•V^^^SrJ?\s°lS SKO5 K00 ' or 3 bottles, *2.75.
■■ Circular »^Dt ou request.
• AMUSiiaiENTS.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE WONDERFUL \
JAPANESE ACROBATS!
The Balancing Marvels of the Age.
AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Great Vaudeville Bill in the Free Theater.
CANNON, the BIG GUN, STILL BOOMS!
Bee the SHETLAND PONY and TINY COLT!
10c, including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
AMUSEMENTS.
MflbnOPfl'O opera
munUobUo bKANU house
Walter Morosco. Sols Lessee and Manager.
Telephone, Main 532. . 'I;-.
MONDAY, JULY 18, THIRD WEEK OF i
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
In Edwin Milton Royle's Patriotic Drama,
"CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
Exciting Battle Scenes. Tropical Scenery.
Old Glory and Our Soldier Boys In
Mexico.
Evening Prices 25c and Ma
Family Circle and Gallery 100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). July 22.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; balcony, 10c; children'
10c, any part. '
' VALMORE, the "Instrumental Man"-
JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR lii
"The Quiet Mr. Gay"; GILBERT & GOLDIE
Native Comedians; LORENZ & ALLEN Ec-
centric Dancers; BERT COOT AND JULIH
KINGSLEY, in "Supper for Two"; FLEUR-
ETTE, Terpsichorean Man-el; MRS. ALICE J
SHAW AND DAUGHTERS; FALKE & SE-
MON, Comedians.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestlna Kiellngr. Proprietor and M*am««r.
LAST NIGHTS.
Planquette's Charming: Opera
'THE
BELLS OF GORNEVILLE"
GREAT CAST!
NEW SCENERY! . CORRECT COSTUMES!
NEXT WEEK,
"THE BEGGAR STUDENT."
Milloecker's melodious work.
Popular prices 25 and SO cent*.
NO telephone.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE TO-DAT.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Presenting the great Empire Theater success
"LIBERTY HALL."
A modern comedy by R. C. Carton.
Next Monday— The New War Drama.
"A GALLANT SURRENDER."
A Big Production— Eighty on the Stag*.
/\ T fIA7An BEATB BY PHONE
ALrLAZ^AK. Main 254.
.- MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
TO-NIGHT AND TO-MORROW, SUNDAY
LEWIS MORRISON
"FAUST!"
MONDAY NIGHT ■ - ' .
LEWIS MORRISON, Elaborate Presentation
"EAST LYNNE." *
Prices 15c, 25c. 85c, We.
UNION COURSING PARK.
1 SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, JULY »3— 24.
FORTY-DOG PUPPY STAKE AND FORTY-
EIGHT DOG ALL-AGED STAKE.
1862 50— Grand Total Prizes— sB62 51
'. ; . TRAIN SERVICE.
Leave Third and Townsend streets Saturday,
1 p. m.; Sunday. 11 a. m., 12 m., 1 and 2 p. m. •
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets, five minutes
later. Returning leave Park Immediately after
last course. Extra train from Park Sunday,
•4:45 p. m. San Mateo Electric cars every ten
minutes.
.ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
SUTRO_BATHS.
SUNDAY. JULY 24, AT 2:30 P. M., '
SECOND CHAMPIONSHIP
LONG-DIVING CONTEST
Between PROF. FRED MeDERMID and »
• ' ' B. RAYMOUS.
SWIMMING RACES.
50 yards. 75 yards, 100 yards and 120 yards
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION. 10c. . ; ! CHILDREN, 60.
—^— . — -
OPENING RALLY
THIS, SATURDAY, EVENING, at 8 o'clock,
at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE, under the
auspices of the CENTRAL REPUBLICAN
LEAGUE of San Francisco. Hon. I J. TRU-
MAN will preside. Hon. George C. Perkin*
M. M. Estee, W. H. L. Barnes, George A.
Knight,- Samuel M. Shortridge, M. J. Wald-
helmer, A. L. Hart. M. C. Allen, Charles J.
King, Henry C. Dibble, T. L. Ford J. C
Campbell. ".- R. B. Carpenter, Julius Kahn and
E. I. Wolfe have been invited to speak. First-
class music. Ushers will be in attendance. All
are invited. BY ORDER OF LEAGUE.
HI VMPT4 Corner Of Mason and Eddy Street*.
ULIIUf 1 A Great New Bill of Stars. Gibson &
Allen. Comedians: Flossie Nash, Soubrette;
Ordway & Rand, Thrilling Bicyclists; Quazina,
Itoyce Sisters," Rockwell and Others. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday. •:'•: ';■;""'
RECREATION PARK, ,
•• Eighth- and Harrison • Streets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE
'-' CHAMPIONSHIP PACIFIC COAST. .
TO-DAY AT 3 P. ; M.,
' ATHLETICS VS. SAN JOSH.
ADMISSION, 23c. LADIES FREB.
78
THE ATHLETICS
PLAYING
GREAT BALL.
BY JOE CORBETT.
With another good pitcher to assist
Fltxpatrlck the Athletics will be nigh an
Invincible team.
Such ball us they have been playing !
of late bids fair to eclipse even that of
the famous OUt Edges, and that they will j
cut <iuit*» a figure in the pennant race is
a fact that 1 am afraid will not bear j
dispute. The form which this club dis
played on Saturday last reflects great
credit on Its numbers as well as Its man- .
agers.
Their Improvement hns been really phe
nomenal, when one considers that but a
short time ago they, like most of the
other teams, were putting up at times
rather ragged ball.
Tin- first question that presents itself
In connection with this club is, Are they
capable of keeping up the pace? Timo
alone, of course, will tell, but if the
methods employed to bring them into
their present form be adhered to it is al
ni"st a certainty that the teams ahead of
them will have to hustle.
They put up on lasi Saturday the fast
est and most perfect game of ball seen
here this Beason.
To defeat the Gilt Edges something of
this sort had to occur, but the simple
tin t of th.-ir winning from this great
team does not alone give them their pres
ent high standing among the baseball
public.
The Stocktons, a collection I dare say
Inferior even to the Friscos, defeated the
Gilt Edges, which only goes to demon
strate ti--i.it at times the best teams must
imb to the luck of Its Inferiors. It
was not, as i mentioned previously, the
fact that the Athletics defeated the Gilt
Edges which prompted me to comment
on their great work. It was the manner
lr. which each player acquitted himself
from the catcher dear out to the rield
ers.
They evinced a spirit which bespoke
alacrity and demonstration, went about
their work in a truly baseball manner.
■ i at all times every point of the
game, at bat, and in the field, save in
i>ne instance, and, in a word, displayed
all the characteristics of a complete, up
to date ball team, which is bound to
be successful.
So perfect was their work that I find
it impossible tv entertain the idea that
it was lurk, pure and simple. Some peo
re Inclined to conjecture in such a
manner, but their work was too steady
and even all through tha contest to leave
a doubt as to its genuineness in my mind.
In only one instance did they fail, and
as this same mistake is visible during all
the games I shall take advantage of this
opportunity and touch on it.
The offender was Mr. Hilderbrandt, a
good player and earnest worker, yet this
fact lives aot exempt him from criticism.
The exact inning in which the mistake
•red I have forgotten, but it makes
but little difference. Hilderbraiuit was on
second base and the batter singled to cen
ter field. Instead of dashing immediately
for third and thence to the plate he kept
watching the ball until he had passed
third. It w;is thrown to the plate and
Catcher Stanley actually had it in his
hands, when Hilderbrandt was at least
feet fn m the plate. By a clever
Bllde, intermingled with a painful gush
of stupidity on the part of Mr. Stanley,
he was. enabled to umke the plate in
safety.
I!.- should have be^n put out easily, but
the fates were smiling propitiously, and
in consequence a miserable play was per
mitted to pass unnoticed.
Now. when a bater hits a ball he should
nev.-r for an Instant look to -see where
it is going. The moment it leaves the
bat he should think only of getting to
nrst base, and a.s quickly as possible.
Wh^n a player Is on the bases and it
is obvious to him that a batted ball is
• Bafe, or has gone safe, as was the
rape with HUderbrandt. he should think
only of moving around those bases at a
breakneck speed. To hesitate means very
that you are lost, and to deliber
ately watch a ball after it has passed
safely Into the outfield— well, such a mis
take is really terrible. There was no rea
son In the world why HUderbrandt should
■;,• to watch that ball after it had
passed through the Infield. If it had been
a By things would be different, or if he
thought some one of the Infielders would
Intercept it, his actions would have been
proper.
But in his case there was no chance to
conjecture. The ball was hit very sharp
and passed directly over second base.
When he saw this much he saw all that
was necessary, and should have made
for the plate Just as fast as his legs
rould carry him. Had he done this the
Elate would have been passed before the
all had reached its destination, and all
chances of a close play dissipated. By
his watching the ball, however, he easily
lost twenty feet, and wrnld have been
put out had not Providence been ex
tremely kind.
Such are the disadvantages which en-
Bue when the simplest rules of the game
ar-' disregarded, and it very often hap
pens that a game is lost by players being
bo negligent.
When you hit a ball never mind looking
to see whero it has gone, but get down
that first base line. If it be a long, safe
hit the eoacher will send you on and on,
passing first to second. It 1h then time
to locate the ball and figure whether or
not you can make the base and take in
another. If you are on the bases and a
Vail is hit. one glance Is sufficient to en
lighten you as to whether it Is going safe
or not. The moment your mind is made
up act instantly. If you think the hit is
going safe lose no time in securing the
next cushion, and watch the eoacher, as
he is there to tell you what to do next.
Entirely too much valuable time is wast
ed by players in this manner, and as It
is a case of stupidity rather than mis
judgment there Is hardly any excuse.
This mistake, as I said before, was the
only one visible In that game, and even
•with thi? fault the Athletics played
wonderfully. They must, however, con
tinue to practice. If they neglect to do
bo It will show in their play, but it Ik
hardly possible that they would so far
forget themselves. At present many of
thr- fans place them on an equality with
the Gilt Edges, and it really looks as
though that team, which has had full
eway for so long a time, is going to ex
perience great difficulty in winning that
championship. At the present rate warm
games will be in order, and whether the
leaders are headed or not the fight for
th<» pennant promises to be an excellent
on*\
The game to-day the managers say will
b<"- B good one, and a large crowd will no
doubt attend. The line-up is as follows:
Athletics.- Position.' San Jose.
Eager (her Kent
Fit trick I'ltrher Donlen
Pyne First baso Hanlon
Rfllly Second base Ej?an
Johnson Third base McCarthy
Stultz Shortstop BrockhoH
>lrlyaughlln Left field Hanley
Fheehah Center field McGucken
ll,' !■ -bran-it Right fl"ld Foley
DESULTORY WORK ON
THE TENNIS COURTS
This is thp dull season for tennis. Rob- ]
crt N. Whitney and George Whitney, ex- \
champion of the coast, met in a match |
contest on Thursday. The wager was j
a dinner for themselves and two friends, !
but owing to darkness the match was not
Completed. George Whitney won the first
Bet after the hardest kind of tennis. The •
(fames were all deuce, and the set was
10— S. The second set was won by Rob- !
crt N. Whitncv. This set was not of
the timber of the first. Robert N. Whlt
ney started out like a demon and won |
the first two games. Then George got !
a game, and Robert N. took the next
two. A burst of speed by the under i
man resulted In a score of four all. Then '
Robert N. took the next two games, and \
•with them th<- set. This match will be
finished In th<; near future.
To Foreclose a Mortgage.
Suit was filed yesterday by the Hibernla
Savings and Loan Society against John
L.. Boone. Joseph Nash and R. L. Mat
tingly to foreclose a mortgage of $5000
on property composing a portion of Mis
sion block No. 66.
"Impunity for Murder." Read what
Editor Barry has to say In to-day's Star.
Aek your newsboy for it •
SPEEDY BARGES
WILL RACE
AT EL CAMPO.
The number of entries for the barge
races at El Campo to-morrow is disap
pointingly small. The Ariels and Dol- j
phins have no senior crews entered and
; the Alamedas. Dolphins and Pioneers
! have no Junior crews. None of the clubs
I has entered an intermedia te crow. The
| Pioneer intermediate crew, having no
' competitor in the intermediate class, has
(entered in the senior class with G. Lar
sen as afterwalst instead of Conrad Ochs.
, The Dolphin intermediate crew, consist- i
'ing of A. W. Pape, \V. O. Patch. F. j
Schwartlng and Victor Caglieri, Is brok
i en up, Patch wanting rest. Pape being
I out of condition and Schwarting absent '
,on a vacation. The Dolphin junior crew,
made up of C. M. Farrell, bow; F. Woer
ner. forwardwaist; T. J. Hopkins, after-,
waist, and E. Bart man, stroke, is strong,
but has not had much practice. F. Woer
. ner is a new man, but is very willing.
Last Sunday the Ariel captain tried out
two of the lunior crews, the Turners and
the Lynches. The latter crew beat the
former decidedly. On Thursday evening
the Lynch crew rowed against the Wil
son crew, the latter winning. The Wilson ,
i crew will carry the Ariel colors in the
Junior barge nice to-morrow, and should
win without much difficulty. The Wilson
crew was originally mm.li- u[> thus: 11.
Wilson, bow; J. O'Connell. forward waist;
B. Mckenna. afterwaist; J. Wilson,
stroke- but J. O'Connell being absent
from the city his place will be taken by
George Bteffern.
On Sunday. July SI, the Dolphin club
will hold a "ladies' day at its quarters at
the foot of Van Ness avenue. There will
be rowing and sculling races, swimming
and boxing contests, music and dancing.
The Irish and German barge crews will
row from the clubhouse round Alcatraz
and back. The German crew is made up
thus: J. E. Rartman. bow: F. "Woerner.
forwardwalst; P. Schwarting. afterwaißt;
A W Pape, Btroke; A. Bchuppert, cock
swain The Irish crew is made up as fol
lows: W. O. Patch, bow; C. M. Farrell.
forwardwalst; T. J. Hopkins, afterwaist;
T J. Kennedy, stroke; J. S. Earls, cock
swain. The cockswains have Invited both
crews to a French dinner. It is not un
likely that W. O. Patch will row against
A w Pape in Bklffs, and the deferred
race for the A. B. Treadwell medal for
Junior skiffmen will take place during the
daw The entries for the medal are \ ic
tor Caglieri, T. K. Keenan, T. .1. Hopkins.
(' M. Farrell ami E. J. liartman. Prob
ably one of these entries will be scratched
and the race will be rowed in two pre
liminary heats ami a final.
The South End Rowing Club intended to
enter a senior and a junior crew for the
barge races to-morrow, but the junior
crew has been • withdrawn owing to the
lack of condition of Paul Sturdevant, the
Olympic man, who occupied the after
waist seat. In the senior crew George
Kates is afterwaist in the place of R. Mc-
Arthur. who was protested against by
th<- Pioneers on the ground of profes
slonailsm. Dan Dougherty, the old pro
fessional who coached the * Midget
barge crew, has been coaching the senior
crew for the past two weeks. There was
a large crowd of members at the South
End boathouse last Sunday; every boat
was kept in constant use all day. Dr. C.
C Dennis was out sculling. He will row
against A. W. Pape when the new skiff
to be built by Al Rodgers is ready.
The Alameda senior crew has been do-
Ing good work lately and has consider
ably improved under coaching. It should
give a good account of itself to-morrow.
Three members of the Alameda Boat
riul) D Greenleaf. G. A. Rosenberg and
Qeorge H. Millar, have bought a launch
which has a towing propeller. This will
be taken out, a new one put in and tne
launch put in thorough order. At the last
meeting of the club Harry Nelson and
Charles E Pesoli were elected members.
Some members of the regatta com
mittee arc determined to bring the Pape-
McCaUsland fiasco before the Pacific Ath
letic Association and have an investiga
tion made. The result will probably be
the suspension of MeCausland for several
months. At present some blame se«ms to
rest on everybody connected with the
event; McCausland should have come
fully prepared with everything needful
for a race. Pape should have refused to
pull in a match in which he had no com
petitor, and the regatta committee, know
ing that the public wished to see a race
between Pape and McCausland, should
have used every effort to bring them to
gether. Excluding the shell race, which,
in the absence of the Stockton man, was
a row-over, there were only three events
on the programme, and the order in
which these events were pulled off was
immaterial to the spectators. By defer
ring the special match till after the senior
skiff race, McCnusland could have had
Patch's sculls, and would hnve been left
absolutely without excuse; he must have
either pulled or definitely refused to pull
against Pape. Determination in carrying
out a programme is an excellent thin?,
but In this instance It deprived the
spectators of the event they came to see.
Bead the Exciting travels of two
French adventurers who were five
years making their way from San [
Diego to Paris, in next Sunday's Call.
The estimated cost of American wars is
as follows: Revolutionary war 177T>-S2
$135,193,000; war with Great Britain. 1812
15, $107,159,000; Mexican war. IR4C.-8 $66 000
000; civil war, 1861-. r >. $3,025,000,000.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Cryßtal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
THE SAX FBAJSTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
THE FIELD OF SPORT
DEER HUNTERS
RETURN
WITH BIG GAME.
Trap shooting is about ended for this
Beason. With the exception of a few ex
ceedingly enthusiastic members of the
Olympic Gun Club, who delight in
pulverizing Inanimate birds at all sea
sons of the year, presumably for the
pleasure of seeing mud feathers flying,
the great majority of sportsmen forsake
the traps when the season for deer and
dove shooting arrives, and journey to the
haunts <'f wild game.
At present there are large numbers of
hunters camped in the valleys and can
yons under the shade of the old oaks and
reriv ood,s.
Ig aqjo Martinettl bagged a spike buck
last Monday near the Bohemian Club
grouifds, on the banks of Russian River,
which dressed ninety pounds.
Frank Marcus shot at what he thought
■ was a black bear, and was horrlfie<l
when he discovered that instead of a
bruin he had killed a fatted hog, the
property of a farmer who resides near
Russian River station. Marcus is now
living on pork and black bass.
Charley Dietz ( Hill Nye), Frank Hoff
ltng and Lloyd Eaton (alias the Indian)
are camped in Round Valley, but latest
DEER SHOOTING ON THE COAST RANGES.
reports from the tent state the deer slay
ers have not yet recovered from an at
tack of what is called "Gallagher's nip,"
but that they expect to be up and doing
on Saturday. Venison stakes are expect
ed on Monday next at the Sutter-street
headquarters.
Lou Carrigan and party had a most
successful deer shoot in the hills nortb
east of Point Reyes last Sunday. Suffi
cient to say that their friends enjoyed
juicy steaks during the week.
Sportsmen of the Tamalpais Club are
endeavoring to figure out the number of
prongs which Billy Brown secured from
the heads of three deer which he recently
grassed on preserve territory. Frank La
Coste Is authority for the statement that
Brown shot bo accurately and with such
rapidity that two of the deer were minus
horns when the hunter reached hits game,
but that's only one of the yarns spun by
a jealous rival on Billy B.
John Berges has received from Paris
a beautiful pair of ileld glasses, which will
aid him to distinguish at long range the
difference between a forked norn and a
spotted fawn.
Frank Vernon bagged a seventy-flv«
pound buck in the Point Reyes hlns la*»t
Sunday when dove-shooting. The deer
broke cover on the approach of the hunter
and was bowled over with a charge of
buckshot.
Van Sickle and Billy Kittle are credited
with having killed eight deer in the Coun
try Club since the season opened.
J Maxwell and a friend, residents of
Oakland, returned last Monday with three
fat bucks which they killed near Mount
Diablo.
Messrs Tlalght. Maynard and Avers re
turned from Hanford last week with an
immense bag of doves which they bagged
near that place. They were cooked a la
Dave Thorn, and tickled the palates of
several sportsmen who were Invited to the
feast at a downtown restaurant. Ayern,
alia- "the Doc," is said to have ground
sluiced thirty-five birds at one sitting
with his Antioch canvas-back annihil-
H Golcher and J. Greene had a very
successful dove shoot recently near
Pleasanton.
Dave Thorri is taking very little interest
in dove-shooting. He says that the sport.
so called, is only child's play when com
pared with snipe-shooting.
E Bosqul and R. Bolton had a very
pleasant dove-shoot recently in Monterey
( j UI1 r' ! " N>nlr>n killed two fine deer last
week on Ryan's ranch, near Novato.
The Board of Supervisors of Monterey
has ordained that owing to the dry sea
son and scarcity of young birds quail-
Bhooting in that district will be limited to
five days this year, commencing October 1
and ending October 5. Supervisors of other
counties where birds are scarce should
emulate the example set by the good
fathers of Monterey County.
Th<- sportsmen In and about Sacramento
are enjoying excellent sport with the
doves T'hi; shooting is chiefly to the
hud in the foothills, in which direction
the birds have gone in search of water.
\t the present time the birds are not
large. Last Sunday L. S. 1 pson and a
companion bagged ninety-four between
them without difficulty A party headed
by Vincent A. Dodd and James Little will
start this morning on a two days shoot.
HONOLULU BATSMEN
WANT TO VISIT US
All lovprs of cricket on this coast will
hear with regret of the death of A. E.
Coates, whlrh took place a few days ago
at Ix>« Angeles from hoart disease. As
Captain of the Placer County eleven and
for several years one of the vice-presi
dents of the California Cricket Associa
tion A. E. Coates was one of the most
ardent supporters of the game in this
State. When teams from San Francisco
visited Penryn and partook of the gener
ous hospitality of the citrus colony club
A. E. Coates was untiring In his efforts
to make the outing agreeable.
At a meeting of the California Cricket
Association held July 19 at the office of the
secretary, 50S Montgomery street, it was
decided to carry out the match set for
to-morrow at Golden Gate — Banks and
Insurance vs. All-Comers. R. B. Hogue,
captain of the Alameda team, undertook
to get together the All-Comera and
George Theobald of the Pacifies took
charge of the Bank and Insurance men.
Owing to the absence of several cricketers
on their summer vacations, it has not
been easy to make up the elevens, but the
All-Comers team will be chosen from the
following: R. B. Hogrue. J. H. Saunders,
F. V. Croll, J. J. R. Peel, V. Seebeck, I.
11. Splro, 11. Bird, B. Bird, C. Banner, J.
H. Harbour, G. J. Baugh, F. Stahl and
T. W. G. Wallace. The Banks and In
surance representatives will be chosen
from the folowing: J. J. Moriarity, J.
Myers, F. C. Driffleld, C. I. Coles. E. F.
Musson, Fane Sewell, Charles B. Hill,
George Theobald, J. McGaw, R. H. Dela
field, H. P. Gordon and Henry Ward.
Mr. Christian, who lately visited this
city from Honolulu, informed several cric
keters whom he met that the lovers of the
game in Honolulu were desirous to send
a team to play against the clubs of Cali
fornia. The secretary of the California
Cricket Association has written to Hono
lulu offering to arrnnge several matches
for the Hawaiian visitors and to do all in
his power to render their visit pleasant.
AMERICAN KENNEL CLUB
AND COAST FANCIERS
The monthly meeting of the Pacific
Mastiff Club was held on Thursday
evening last. The action of the presi
dent In appointing J. I. Norman to be
the delegate of the club at the forthcom
ing convention of kennel clubs to be held
on the 27th inst. was confirmed. The in
structions to the delegate were that he
should vote in favor of the proposed new
rules with certain modifications.
The members of the Pacific advisory
board have received notice that at the
meeting of the executive committee of
the American Kennel Club, held on the
14th inst.. a decision was reached that
certain members were removed from of
fice for cause and the vice-president of
the A. K. C. was requested to appoint
a special committee to act as a board un
til the election of a new board is held in
compliance with article XXII, section 4,
of the constitution.
Another official communication from
the secretary of the A. K. C. states that
at the same meeting of the executive
board the complaint of the San Francis
co Kennel Club against J. B. Martin for
conduct prejudicial to dogs and dog
shows wan thrown out of court for want
of evidence.
An unofficial letter was received from
tha same source Intimating that the new
rules propusi-d by the San Francisco Ken
nel Club, even if adopted and recom
mended by the convention, would receive
no consideration from the A. K. C.
It has been decided by the new rules
committee of that body that no further
modification of the classification will be
permitted, with the exception that cer
tain large shows will be designated as
the only once at which championship
honors will be conferred. On the Pacific
Coast San Francisco will be the only one
entitled to this honor. I
Of course, this means a declaration of
open war on the coast and will be so
accepted. The convention of konnel clubs ;
will meet, adopt the rules as now for
mulated or amended, and send them to
the A. K. C. thus indorsed. If, an fore
shadowed, the proposed rules are reject
ed it Is more than probable that th<
c.lubn of the coast will execute the oft
threatened Becession and form a local
kennel league. There can be no doubt
that the league will be a strong one and
will be on a firm basis.
Osmond Van Every of Oakland has sold
his well-known Great Dane, Don Caesar,
by Kix'H Prince, out of Princess Dagrnar.
to George L. Bralnard of Berkeley. This
young oog promises to be a high flier,
having the grandest body of any pane
on the coast. He will enter the circuit
in September and will prove a hard nut
for the old stagers to crack.
GOSSIP CONCERNING
THE FAST TROTTERS
Dlrectum Kelly, the winner of the rich
Merchant Manufacturers 1 stake at De
troit, Is still another to the credit of Cali
fornia, being a product of the now de- I
funet Pleasanton Stock Farm and bred j
by that astute horseman, Monroe Sails- j
bury.
Once before it fell to a California trot- |
ter when the late John Goldsmith landed j
it with Siva in IS!>5, but Directum Kelly |
is but a 4-year-old, and yet has trotted
the fastest heat in this stake's history—!
3:ll\i, the third heat. He came right ]
back the fourth in 2:13V4i and had them
all trotted to a standstill.
The "much touted"' Percy, as he has
been railed, won . a neat victory at De
troit, and, too, stepped a heat in 2:13.
Ed Geers" ankle is mending rapidly, and
he will soon take up the lines behind
Village Farm's trotters and pacers. •
"Nick" Hublnger paid $4000 for John
Nolan, by Prodigal, 2:16, and he won
him out the first race after he purchased
him.
Joe Patchen will do exhibition sketches
over in New England this season, and
forsake the grand circuit tracks.
Dione. 2:11%; Searchlight, 2:05%; Klata
wah. 2:06^4; Stamboulette, 2:12%, and Miss
Logan, 2:10Vl, all reflect credit on the Cali
fornia trainers now campaigning in the
Bast,
Horsemen should try to render the pro
posed breeders* meeting at Santa Rosa a
banner meeetlng. .
Marcus Daly owns Ponce de Leon; sire
of Percy, 2:13, and Prodigal, sire of John
Nolan, 2:14, two recent winners at De
troit.
Flying Jib, 2:04, Is stepping quarters to
a heavily freighted wagon at Cleveland
regularly In 30 and 31 seconds.
Andy McDowell now has Nettle Jeffer
son, 2:10%,, in his string, > and will race
her along the line of the grand circuit.
HOUNDS OF NOTE
OUT FOR
GAME AND COIN.
Distinguished dogs and dogs that have
yet to earn distinction will course at the
! two parks to-day and to-morrow. East
| crn dogs, coast dogs, local dogs— all will
I be represented.
At Union Park two stakes will be run
off— an open contest including forty-eight
candidates and a puppy feature. From
the make-up the sport at both parks will
be unusually warm. The running begins
at the usual hour and continues through
to-morrow.
A glance over Gladiator's record shows
him to be something of a breadwinner.
Since January 1 he has run fourteen
times, winning three stakes, dividing the
stake once, winning third once and fall
ing to annex some of the money only
twice. His total stake winnings during
the period named aggregate $610.
The puppy stake at L'nionPark this week
embraces the largest entry of youngsters
ever made in any similar event on the
coast.
E. V. Sullivan has an even ten candi
dates at Union Park to-day. Curtis &
Son and the Pasha kennels are close up,
J. Tiernan has a new puppy at Tnlon
Park to-day that is said to have shown
phenomenal work In nrlvate. It is
known as Yost-mite, and in appearance
looks to be a clinker.
Santa Clara County Is particularly well
represented at I'nion Park to-day— Curtla
& Son with six, Jim Monkhouse with two.
Portal with three, and Charlie Wlllett
and Henry Spring, each with one.
The broken leg suffered by J. Byrne's
Semlnole has knitted and seems as strong
as of yore. Jim, however, fears to give
it undue strain as yet, and will probably
breed Seminole before running him again.
After next week the Interstate Club
will hold Its drawings for Ingleside on
Thursday evenings, as In the past.
Lowe & Thompson expect a new dog
out from England early in August,
y.nckstitch, the dog lately brought out
by them from the Kust, will hardly be In
shape to run for several weeks. Patria
and High Horn Lady are also enjoying
temporary retirement.
Lynch <!fc Biaher received an addition to
their kennels a few days ago. In the
shape of a new one from the East. He
will be tried out next Monday, and If
the showing made is favorable will at
once be placed in training.
Considering the enormous entry of
young dogs for the meeting at Union
Park to-day. It is somewhat hazardous
to make a selection of the probable win
ners, but judging from breeding qualities
and private hints the pups that should
give good accounts of themselves are:
Maid of Erin, Belle of Seville, Golden
Kussett. Sheridan, Needham, Walt a Lit
tle. Master Mat, Washington, St. Ger
trude, Minerva, Liberty Bell. Jersey
L..v Fly Away, Miss Skyrockets, Lalla
Rookh. Miss Skyball. Riot Act, Beauty
Spot, Sunburst and Morning Glory.
All-age stake, the most probable win
ners: Hadiwlst. Flying Buck, Millers
Maid, Commodore. Minneapolis, Laurel
wood. Theron, Sweet Music. Magnet, The
Gossoon, Lady Blanche, Bendlgo. Pre
tender, Maud S, Vanity Fair, Mountain
Beauty, Douglass, Lord Byron, Ix>rd
Lonsdale, Obadlah. Jester, Chartist, Jesse
More. Green Valley Maid.
Vida Shaw whelped seven youngsters on
Tuesday last. They are by the great
bread-winner Emm Pasha, and, of course,
have a promising future.
Joy Bells also increased the stock of
"fliers" by seven a few days ago, among
which are four dogs. Emm Pasha is also
the papa of this litter.
It is said that the fast Eastern bitch
Winning Style, Donald MacCrory-Princess
of < 'range, property of Bartel & Barrow of
Cripple Creek, will soon journey in the
direction of the setting sun. So much has
been said and written of thi3 grand repre
sentative of the fleet-footed family that
much curiosity has been aroused among
the leashmen of this State as to her future
on this coast. However, she may be soon
afforded an opportunity of measuring
strides with some of the local bread-win
ners at Union Coursing Park.
I-ieashmen should not forget that entries
for the great Produce stake which will be
run on September 0 will positively close on
next Monday evening with Secretary
Scott. Already letters have been received
from Illinois, Colorado and North Dakota,
with inclosed entries for this meeting,
which promises to be the event of the year
in local coursing history.
IRISH HANDBALL
IS WELL PLAYED
The following games of handball will
be played to-morrow In Phil Ryan's court:
J. Hogan and J. Klrby vs. T. Foley and M.
Klrby.
W. Hassell and B. Clements vs. T. Clements
and A. Antron.
P. Hutchlnson and J. I^eonard vs. J. Law
less and P. Ryan.
P. Curry and J. Mi ran vs. P. Foley and P.
Herrln.
R. Murphy and J. Collins v«. J. White and E
Curley.
J. Rlordon and E. Maloney vs. 11. J. Ktl
gallon and G. Hutehin9on.
J. <\ Nealon and A. Hampton vs. T. V.
Bonnet and R. Llnehan.
Mining Company Incorporates.
Articles of incorporation of the Thorpe
Gold Mining Syndicate were filed yes
terday. The capital stock of the corpora
tion is $80,000. of which $28,000 has been
subscribed. The directors are: A. Ponla
towskl. T. S. Bullock. Hall McAllister
William Angus and Wellington Gregg.
DOINGS OF THE
CYCLERS
NEAR AND AFAR.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a run
to San Mateo Beach to-morrow under
Captain Harry Larkin, leaving the club
house at 9 a. m. Lunch will be had at
Ban Mateo. On Sunday. August 7, the
club will have its annual yacht ride
around the bay. Accommodations are
limited to fifty, so members are requested
to notify the captain yes or no at once,
and place their names on the list at the
club if they are going. On this occasion
members will be permitted to invite their
friends.
Captain Goetz, of the Ariel Road Club,
has called a run for to-morrow to Peta
luma. Members will meet at the Tiburon
ferry In time for the 8 o'clock boat.
The California Cycling Club has issued
invitations through President F. A. Bush
and Secretary William H. Reid for an
entertainment to be given at the club
rooms, Twenty-second and Folsom streets,
next Monday evening, July 25. There will
be dancing and a varied musical enter
tainment.
Hardy Downing, Frank J. Cotter and
George Sharrlck, three professionals well
known here, have been competing in- the
races in Washington and British Colum-
bla, sweeping everything before them.
The local wheelmen are anxiously await
ing advices from San Jose as to whether
or not the Garden City Wheelmen will
conduct a race meet there on September
!>, Admission Day. The 9th comes on a
Friday, and many will be able to avail
themselves of a three-days' holiday and
take a short tour some place, If the races
are not held. The Garden City Wheel
men should take the matter up and con
clude definitely whether this meet will be
held, as otherwise many of the best rac
ing men may be away.
The road racing officials of the Califor
nia Associated Cycling Clubs expect large
entry lists for the annual twenty-mile
event on September 18, and the annual
ten-mile handicap on October 9. this year,
as there ha* bren little track racing and
many of the men are feeling the need
of a good, stiff road ride.
The beautiful cup presented to the Cali
fornia Associated Cycung Clubs by its
official organ, the Cycling West of Den
ver, has been received and Is on exhibi
tion in a Kearny-street window. At the
next meeting of the board of governors
of the association, to be held August 6,
at the Reliance Club, Oakland, rules are
to be formulated under which this trophy
will be contested.
A. P. Swain, ex-president of the Asso
ciated Clubs, Is away on a three weeks'
vacation trip through Santa Clara and
Santa Cruz counties.
Hubert Rees of the recruiting commit
tee of the C. A. C. C, expects to leave
for Manila shortly as secretary to one of
the quartermasters.
President Adams has appointed Charles
Hope local consul for the association at
Truckee, vice W. H. Thomas, who has
gone to the Klondike.
Herman Hadenfeldt, Bert Edwards and
Harry Cosgrlff, of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen, huve returned from a wheel-
Ing trip through Lake County.
President Frank H. Kerrigan and Hon.
Frank H. Dunne of the Bay City Wheel
men, and William Henshaw Stlnson have
been spending their holidays In Lake
County.
Arthur H. Terrlll Is back from Highland
Springs.
The amateur ranks have lost a good
man In C. D. Gooch Jr., who left on the
Indiana for Manila as a member of the
engineering corps. Goooh was one of the
Reliance Club's foremost riders.
Another Reliance man will probably be
missed from the tracks hereafter. He Is
Bert Elford, who surprised his friends
recently by announcing his marriage to
a certain fair lady of Oakland.
Frank G. Peck of Yuba City, the cham
pion rider of the Pacific Coast, is in the
city, the guest of the Bay City Wheel
men.
R. C. J,ennio, Joseph A. Ostendorf. C. M.
Crlssensen and Joseph Hollo, represent
ing the "Never Sweats," made the annual
-■'Timape of this well-known club
through Lake County recently. They pro
nounce It one of the pleasantest jaunts
they have ever taken.
Land Along Owens Lake.
The Supreme Court has reversed the
decision of the Superior Court of Inyo
County In the case of Mrs. Flora M.
Sherman against L. F. J. Winkle, who
lays claim to a large piece of land upon
the shores of Owens Lake. An old act
permitted a citiaen to file upon land
formed by receding waters, but only C4O
acres can be thus secured. One survey
showed that Wrinkle's piece was less than
this amount, but a second survey showed
that there were 642 acres. Mrs. "Sherman
made application to purchase the land
and the point in her complaint to get
Wrinkle off the land was that he held
more than allowed by law and should be
dispossessed of The whole. She was suc
cessful In the lower court, but the Su
preme Court took the position that Wrin
kle could not have known the exact
amount, and that He could not be accused
of filing on more than the law permits.
A Philippine Heroine.
One of the Philippine insurgent leaders is a
beautiful woman whose life seems to be
charmed. She has often rushed bravely Into
the very teeth of death from guns and cannon,
but has never been wounded. Frequently we
see people in this country who live so long that
their liven seem charmed also, but the only
charm about it Is that they keep up their
strength and vitalize their blood with that cele
brated remedy, Hoatetter's Stomach Bitters.
YACHTSMEN WILL
CELEBRATE
EDNA'S VICTORY.
The dance given by the San Franciscos
last Saturday at their clubhouse at Sau
sallto was well attended and very suc
cessful.
Mr. Edgell, n recently elected member
of the San Francisco Yacht Club, has
purchased the 20-foot yawl Dulce, for
merly of the Encinal fleet. Last Monday
he and Lang, the boatkeeper of the San
Franciscos, sailed her over from Alameda
to Sausalito. Louis Sullivan, owner
of the sloop Catherine, is now in a visit
to this city from Portland, Or. He re
turned yesterday from a cruise t"> Napa
City in the Catherine. Ex-Commodore I.
Gutte's schooner Chispa, which has been
cruising in the upper bay for some time,
returned to her moorings last Monday.
Last Sunday the following Corinthian
yachts joined the cruise to Marin Islands:
Commodore Carl Westerfeld's sloop
Aeolus, ex-Commodore J. W. Pew's sloop
Truant, F. F. Ames' sloop Ella, J. M. Pat
rick's sloop Thetis, A. L Lyons' sloop
Freda. T. F. Tracy's sloop Secret, Sec
retary E. B. Lathrop's sloop Pride, the
sloops Mignon and Halcyon ana the yawl
Spray. The sloop Clara, with Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Hopps, Miss Frauenholtz, T.
W. Ransom and Guy Ransome, returned
fmm an up-river trip on Sunday.
The Encinals and Californlas have on
their programmes for to-morrow a cruise
to Point Pinole and a clambake there, but
the latter will drop this event on account
of the death of George C. Woodsum, one
of the deputy sheriffs killed in the recent
powder explosion. The secretary has is
sued the following bulletin to the mem
bers of the California Yacht Club:
The scheduled cruise and clambake to Point
Pinolt for next Sunday, July 24, 1898, Is here
by canceled in respect to the memory or out
late shipmate and fellow-yachtsman. Captain
Georxe C. Woodpum of the yacht v erona,
whose untimely death Is greatly mourned by
the members and officers of this club. Tn«
flags of the fleet and clubhouse will be flown
at half-maM until further orders. By oraei
of the board of directors.
C. J. LANCASTER. Commodore.
GEORGE GAITHER, Secretary.
The following resolutions have been
passed with reference to the death ol
George C. Woodsum:
Whereas. The California Yacht Club hay
ing learned with deep regret of the untimely
death of Captain George C. Woodsum of the
yacht Verona on the 19th day of July, 1898, ao
honored member of this club; be it
Resolved, That we feel in common with all
of hlB many friends and with the yachtsmer
of San Francisco Bay in particular the loss of
a friend and shipmate whose sterling qualttlet
endeared him to all with whom his lot wal
Resolved, That now, his long voyage ended
and his anchor cast in the quiet hayen of
eternity, the memory of his faithful life will
long remain to cheer and encourage those who
enjoyed his friendship for so many years.
Further resolved. That these resolutions r*
entered upon the minutes of the club and that
a copy be forwarded to the bereaved family ol
our absent shipmate. C. J. LANCASTER.
Commodore of the California lacht Club.
Allen M. Clay of the Californias ia
cruising in his yacht Sea Fox, and Treas
urer E. N. Walter is seeking health in
the mountains. F. Delaney and H. Lally
will start on Monday for a two weeks
cruise up the river in the sloop Hazel,
formerly of the Corinthians.
Next Thursday, July 28, that capacious
bowl, the Wallace trophy, which was won
last Sunday by E. F. Sager's Edna, will
be filled with fire-water at the California
Club house. Yachtsmen are cordially in
vited.
Last Sunday G. F. Gaither and his crew
went up to Vallejo to bring the sloop U
and I down.
A FOOTBALL TEAM
FOR THE OLYMPICS
The outlook for the football season a
few weeks back was very discouraging.
It then seemed as if there would be but
two first-class elevens in the field, those
wearing the blue and gold of the Univer
sity of California and the cardinal of
Stanford. But now comes the intimation
of the Olympic Club to form a team.
Without one of the athletic clubs repre
sented on the gridiron there would be but
one football game of any consequence,
the intercollegiate match on Thanksgiv-
ing day.
Two years ago when the Olympic Club
withdrew from the Pacific Athletic As
sociation of the Amateur Athletic Union
it divorced itself from all possible com
petition with the big universities on ac
count of stringent prohibitions issued by
that body against all competition with
clubs or organizations outside the pale of
their jurisdiction. The Olympic Club has
now seen the errors of its ways and will
make an attempt to re-enter the Pacific
Athletic Association.
Pete Smith, the great organizer of ath
letic elevens, is back from Anaconda, and
it is very likely that the task of formation
will again fall to him. Smith has just re
turned from Montana, where he put in
a season of play and work. The Reliance
Club will not put a team in the field If
the Olympic does— that is the agreement
that has been reached between them.
This is due to the paucity of football
material in and about this city. Butte
and Anaconda have depleted the local
ranks to such an extent that the search
for sufficient material to fill out a sin
gle strong eleven will be fraught with
labor. The last graduating classes of
the universities will furnish a few play
ers and there are still some of the old
men left.
Anaconda has taken six of our best local
football talent. McHugh, Arlett, Oliver,
Thlerkauf, Wilbur and Edmondson are
playing under Anaconda's banners. Butte
has Benson and Mahoney, one of Reli
ance's players.
The University of California -will begin
its fall semester in two weeks, and the
preparatory work of the season will be
gin at once. Cochran will be there to
coach the blue and gold men. Stanford's
season will begin at least weeks later.
Cross will be their instructor.
Dr. Shrady, president Bed Cross
Society, writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, in next Sunday's
Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jfl* 9FA "-O o
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
! through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
KlJl»'l'i;itE cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. TARl<;O<:i:li:, hydrocele.
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated witli unfailing success. Conta.
piou<t Wood poiwoit in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
I system. . 1*« die* will receive special
attention for -.'I their many ailments
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
j for advice by mail. He will also send
I you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
j free of. charge. Address F. L.
SWEANY. M. D., 737 Market street. San
Francisco, Cal.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
GRAND OPEN STAKE!
THE CRACKS OF THE COAST.
THE CLINKERS OF THE EAST.
STRONG HARES. MUNIFICENT PRIZES.
SATURDAY 1 P. M. SUNDAY 11 A. X-CAMPAIGN
OPENED BY
REPUBLICANS
Primary Elections to
Be Called.
CONVENTION DATE PROPOSED
STATE CENTRAL COMMITTEE
WILL MEET TO-DAY.
The Projected Apportionment Calls
for Seven Hundred and Fifty-
One Delegates Based on
Number of Votes.
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee met at the
Palace Hotel last night to outline a call for
the next State convention. Over three
hours were spent In the discussion of
party affairs, an<i after all those present
heir views a sub-commit
!••■ was appointed to prepare the call and
present it for indorsement this afternoon
at a meeting of the State Central Com
rnltee.
The meeting was called to order by Ma-
jor Frank McLaughlin of Oroville, and a
rail of the roll Bhowed that the following
members were pit Bent: F. P. Flint, Los
Angeles; W. F. George. Sacramento- Al
len B. Lommon. Santa Rosa; F. A. Miller,
KiA-side: 11. Z. Osborne. I-os Anp-1.-s;
\V.T\ Parker, Los Angeles; James W.
ftoa, San Jose; E. K. Taylor, Alameda,
and John D. Spreclcels, it. N. '"ray. M. R.
Higgins, Paris Kilburn Charles \V. Main-
J\irii>K, A. Ruef and \V. \Y. Shannon of
■iin Francisco.
The first busings taken up for con
sideration waa the manner of selecting
or electing the delegates to the State con
vention.
Some of the oommitteemen favored the
appointment of delegates by the several
county committees, while others -were
strongly opposed to such a course.
It was argued on the one side that
primary elections should be held to allow
the voters an opportunity of expressing
their choice of representatives. Against
the primary plan was urged the fact that
in some of the counties of the State it
would be impossible to hold primaries, as
the voters were so located that a central
election place could not be selected.
After a lengthy debate it was decided
to recommend that primaries be held in
all counties embracing three or more As
sembly districts. This moans that
primaries will be held in San Francisco,
Los Angeles, Santa Clara, Sacramento
and Alameda counties. In the other
counties the manner of selecting the dele
gates will be left to the discretion of the
county central committees, but none of
the delegates are to be appointed.
The apportionment of delegates to each
county was next .taken up. and it was
decided to recommend that the apportion
ment be made on the basis of one delegate
for each 200 votes cast for D." H. McKin
ley, who headed the list of Presidential
Electors in the last Presidential cam
paign, and one delegate for every fraction
of 100 votes and over. , Counties having
less than 100 votes will be allowed one
delegate. Alpine County will come under
this provision.
The committee decided to recommend
that the State convention meet at 1 p. m.
on August 23. The place of holding the
convention will be left to the State Com
mittee.
The delegates to the State convention
will. In addition to nominating thp regular
State tirket, also nominate Railroad Com
missioners and members of the Hoard of
Equalization. If the recommendations of
the executive committee are accepted.
there will be a separate pet of delegates
elected to nominate Congressmen.
A. B. Lcmmnn of Santa Rosa, H. Z.
Osborne of L<OB Angeles. A. Ruef of San
Francisco and M. R. Higginfl of San Fran- !
Cisco were appointed a subcommittee to !
draft a call, containing the recommenda-* '
tions of the i-ommittee, and present it to |
the executive committee at a meeting to ,
be held at 11 o'clock to-day.
After the Republican committee had ad
journed a member of the State Demo- ;
cratic Committee said that the conven
tion of his party would be held either
on the 2d or 9th of Augast.
He tafd he knew this was the pro- ;
gramme of his party. It would be fol- |
lowed out, and tho Democrats would have j
the advantage of placing their platform
and candidates first in the field.
James H. Barry, the editor of the Star,
has announced himself as a candidate for !
Congress on the Populist-Democratic
ticket in the Fourth District, to succeed
Magulre.
REPUBLICANS WILL
OPEN THE CAMPAIGN
A Mass-Meeting to Be Held in Met
ropolitan Temple This Evening.
Prominent Speakers to
Attend.
The opening of the forthcoming cam
paign will be signalized to-night by tho
Republicans at Metropolitan Temple. The
meeting will be under the direction of
the Central Republican League. There
will be the usual addresses on the ques
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
tjons of the hour, with music between
times.
The array of speakers is a formidable
one. Among those who have been in
vited to speak are: Senator Perkins, M.
M. Estee, George A. Knight, Samuel
Shortridge, Charles J. King, R. B. Car
penter, Tirey L. Ford, A. L. Hart. M.
J. Waldheimer, Merton C. Allen, Julius
Kahn, J. C. Campbell, H. C. Dibble and
E. I. Wolf.
I. J. Truman will preside over the meet
ing, which is expected to prove an inter
esting one.
TOOK BOUGH ON RATS.
E. J. Nelson Ends His Life With No
Apparent Cause for the Act.
E. J. Nelson, a peddler of laundry sup
plies, committed suicide yesterday even
ing by taking a dose of rough on rats at
his home. 847 Florida street. His wife
says that the relations between herself
and husband were amicable and that she
can think of no reason for his act.
Nelson was out in a buggy with his
7-year-old son all afternoon and the two
made a number of purchases. Nelson
went into a drugstore and on his return
to the buggy the boy asked him what
he bought. Nelson replied that he had
purchased some poison. The boy thought
nothing of this until on their return home
his father called him into a room and
told him he had taken the poison.
The little fellow ran to his grandmother,
Mrs. Dingle, who lives next door to the
Nelsons, and informed her of his father's
action. Dr. Lagan was summoned, but
the man died before he could do any
thing for him. At the request of the
widow Deputy Coroner Tyrell did not
take the body to the Morgue, but turned
it over to the undertakers.
The deceased was 40 years old, a mem
ber of Mission Parlor of the Native Sons
of the Golden West, and leaves a widow
and three children.
This Week's Wasp.
The crack New York Regiment of Volunteers
Is the special illustrated feature of the Wasp
this week. Colonel Barber. Lieutenant Colonel
Stacpole, the field offlrers and a number of the
members of that regiment were photographed
especially for the Wasp. A flashlight picture
of the scene in the Pavilion on the morning of
the New Yorkers' reception there was also
taken by the Wasp's enterprising photographer.
The fourth Philippine expedition and the trans
port Pennsylvania are other interesting sub
jects of illustration. The harrowing scenes of
the damage done by the explosion at the pow
der works in Melrose, Alameda County, are
fully shown, the engravings being from actual
photographs. There are besides views of the
arrival of transports at Honolulu and some
pictures tak(»n in Cuba. The cartoon features
represent Admiral Dewey calling down the
Germans and the Philippines; Uncle Sam re
proaching the shirking Cuban patriot and the
Populist turning the table on the Democratic
political direction. The literary features are
varied and Interesting and up to the Wasp's
usual high standard.
MAIDENS FIGHT OVER
A YOUNG MAN'S HAND
LAUNDRY GIRLS WHO WERE
JEALOUS OF EACH OTHER.
One Is Lacerated With a Hatpin and
the Other Severely Cut About
the Face With a Knife.
May Murphy, who resides at 370 Eighth
street, and who earns a livelihood as an
employe In the Empire Laundry, is in
dignant and a4so .severely cut. Both In
juries were the result of a disagreement
with a lady friend over the hand of a
blushing youth who works in the same
establishment. Like the fickle lovor that
he is he estranged two fast friends by
bestowing his affections on both, much to
their dissatisfaction. This state of things
continued for a time, and while both la
dies were presumably friends yet they
were jealous of each other. The youth
unaware of the trouble that was brew-
Ing, continued his- uneven course until
the sparks of jealousy In the one time
friends burst into flames.
Some few nights ago. while Miss Mur
phy was leaving the laundry, she waa
brought to task by her rival and a
"scrap" ensued. Both girls forgot the
rules usually governing such contests
and used everything within reach. In
protecting herself from injury Miss Mur
phy pulled her hatpin out and allowed her
locks to fall around her. She then made
a vicious stab at her foe and suc?»eded
In inflicting a laceration of the eye.
Friends parted the combatants and hos
tilities ceased for the time being. They
met again lust night and in th.^ fight that
followed Miss Murphy sustained a deep
gash across the chin and a cut beneath
the right eye.
Accompanied by the cause of all tho
trouble she visited the Receiving Hospi
tal, where Dr. F. Timothy Fitzgibbon p.nl
lantly repaired the damage, winning the
everlasting gratitude of the wounded
n-aiden.
What the outcome of the trouble wi!! b»
is hard to say, as Miss Murphy, by her
pitiful condition, has pained a strong
hold on the youth's affections.
She refuses to give the name of her as
sailant.
"Well Done! Do It Again" Is the title
of Editor James H. Barry's leading edi
torial in to-day's Star. Read It. ♦
ENGLISH DEATH DUES.
The fatness of the English national j
purse is largely owing to the increase
of the death duties, which has exceeded
all expectation. The part of the act re
lating to the death duties came into op
eration on the expiration of the Ist day of
August, 1894, in the middle of a financial
year, and the experience of the second
half of the year 1894-95 was insufficient to
give any clear Indication of the financial
effects of the' changes which it intro
duced. The increased revenue from all
the death duties during that period was
£1,138.000, and it is estimated that £960,
000 of that sum was attributable to the
new act.
The financial year 1895-96 was the first
complete year during which the statute
was In force; the net gain to the ex
chequer was £2,885.000, as compared with
1894-95, and £4,023,000 as compared with
1893-94, the last year before the passing of
the act. Thus, In eighteen months, in
stead of in several years, there were real
ized the anticipations of Sir William Har
court that the ultimate net gain to the
revenue from the provisions of the act !
would be about £4.000.000. In July, 1896,
the finance act of 1890 came into opera
tion. ,It contained certain clauses relat
ing to the death duties, the objects of
which were not to depart from the prin
ciples of the act of 1594, but to remove
some cases of hardship which had be
come manifest in the working of the
original act. '.. *>-
Owing to the alleviations introduced by
those clauses the death duties fell slight
ly for the year IS9G-97, yielding £13,963,000,
as compared with £14,058,605 In the pre
vious year; they, nevertheless, exceeded
the Chancellor of the Exchequer's esti
mate for the year. In 1897-98 the yield has
been £15.328.000. an increase of £1,3*55,000,
and £1,400,000 above the estimate.—
bers' Journal.
THE REVOLUTIONARY FURY.
Theroigne de Merleourt, dressed in a
riding habit of the color of blood, a
sword by her side and two pistols in her
belt, was the first who broke open the
gates of the Invalides. She was one of the
firsi to attack the Bastile, and as a re
ward a saber d'homme was voted her on
the breacb by the victors. She, on horse
back, led the women of Paris to Ver
sailles. She brought back the King to
Paris. In proportion as the Revolution
tx came more bloody, she plunged deeper
and deeper into it. But the end of the
beautiful creature was awful in the ex
treme. When she sought to stay the
progress of the Revolution, the women
called the "Furies of the Guillotine" re
sented her oonduct, stripped her of her
attire and publicly flogged her on the ter
race of the Tulleries on May 31. 1793. This
punishment, more terrible than death,
turned her brain, and she was placed in
a madhouse, where she lived twenty
years. Alphonse de Lamartine, in his
"History of the Girondists." says:
"Shameless and bloodthirsty in her de
lirium, she refused to wear any garments,
as a souvenir of the outrage she had un
dergone. She dragged herself, only cov
ered by her long, white hair, along the
flags of her cell, or clung with her wasted
hands to the bars of the window, whence
she addressed an imaginary people, and
demanded the blood of Suleau."— Notes
and Queries.
PREFERRED
DEATH TO
DISGRACE
Dramatic End of Fred
Adams.
ACCUSED OF A GRAVE CRIME
TBAGIC SCENE IN A THIRD
STREET BARBER-SHOP.
Stepped to a Closet to Get His Coat
and Before He Could Be Pre
vented Sent a Bullet Into
His Brain.
A tragic scene occurred in a barber
shop at 260 Third street, near Folsom,
yesterday afternoon, Fred Adams, the
proprietor, preferring death to the dis
grace of being arrested on a serious
charge.
Several men and boys were mixed up
In a scandal in connection with five
young girls, whose ages ranged from 12
to 15 years. The case was intrusted to
Officer McMurray of the Society for the
TRAGEDY IN A BARBER SHOP.
FRED ADAMS, Proprietor of a Third-Street Shaving
Parlor, Shot Himselt When an Officer Came
to Arrest Him.
Suppression of "Vice, and he made sev
eral arrests. He learned about two weeks
ago that an old man who was a barber
was concerned in the scandal, and on
July 8 Katie Tracey, one of the girls,
swore to a warrant for his arrest on the
charge of criminal assault.
The girls did not know Adams' address,
but yesterday Officer McMurray was in
formed by Tessie Bartelson that he had
a barber shop at 260 Third street. About
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon McMurray
accompanied by Tessie went to Adams 1
shop. They passed the door and the lit
tle girl pointed to Adams, who was seat
ed in a chair in the shop.
McMurray met Policeman Chase and
asked him to go with him while he served
the warrant. They went inside and Mc-
Murray, approaching Adams, said: "I
have a warrant for your arrest." and he
pulled the warrant out of his pocket
"What am I charged with?" asked
Adams, and McMurray told him.
"That's ridiculous," coolly replied
"'That, may be," said McMurray, "but
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___
aThelpingltland"
TO WEAK MEN
Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous French Prepara-
tion of "Calthos"
This announcement brings a message of good news to
«J^jsj3Bk men who are suffering from Abuses, Weakness, Ynri-
ojy&g#§g&B^ cooeles, Unnatural Drains, Nervous Complications, Kid-
!—^v r "'V Troubles, Lost Manhood, Small Parts, etc., caused by
yyj!%£&^ ::^~^ m the excesses of Youth or Middle Age, Overwork or by
Jo&3^^\_ 101 0e l & l Business Cares.
iffl^^^**^ Nt We want to make a plain, simple statement in as clear
■C^ \jf{/6' an(^ nonost a way as possible. We mean just what we say
" t and we will do exactly what we agree. It will
•^^A^ \ ' not cost you one single cent to test our promises.
K. • V_ \ Prof. Laborde, the great French Chemist and
ivS. .V"i \ Physician, disco% the remarkable remedy
KVv V' \ called "CALTHOS" which will be an easy and
VJxNk *\ quick cure for your, troubles' and diseases. We
YNy I \ \. have such absolute faith in this medicine that
Y§%, - V^^W^^^S we will give, you a five-day trial treatment ab-
V^jivs M \^^* I^'^ solutely free, by sealed mail. This is no C. O. D.
V®WV \ Vf^ or De P° sit Scheme, but an absolutely FREE
Y*s?\ \^^ Write to us and we will send you in a plain
V V^\i.;J>ig» .A wrapper a free trial treatment. No one can tell
from the wrapper what the package contains.
Accompanying the five-day free treatment is a f\\\\ { f
pamphlet which gives full directions" easy to 'j\ >\\\ X* I
understood which will enable you to treat yourstl fVv^tiP"V l^>k
in private at home. This costs you nothing what- 11 \i *^%," f^* 4 -*^- >T ■ A
You wonder how we can afford to send you a \^^^^J^/f/ '\
trial treatment free? We do It to introduce our V^. "*/^C£\ v m
remedies in every locality. If we can cure a few - -■•NO'f, # . ""*^k •J/jj
men in every city or county, and make them our >iL  oK s/Jb.
friends, they will privately recommend us to hundreds of J^^
their acquaintances, who will be glad to use our remedies. -^^Uvi!//./^ ■ i
There is no publicity, about it, we never ask our cus- '
tomers for testimonials and would not publish them even jf • I
if our friends wanted us to do so. It costs you nothing if / /
1 you write now. Why not be cured? : Address
THE YON MOHL CO., 396 B. Cincinnati, Ohio.
• Bole American Agents . and Importers of Standard Preparations.
you had better put on your hat and coat
and come along with me."
"All right," said Adams, as he rose
from the chair, and pulling off his linen
jacket went to a closet as If to get his
coat and hat. He was standing with his
left hand toward the officers, and in an
instant they were startled by the report
of a shot, followed by the collapse of
Adams on the floor. He had a revolver
clutched in his right hand and blood was
pouring from a gaping wound in his right
temple.
McMurray rang for the ambulance and
Adams was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital, where Drs. Bunnell and Maher
found that the bullet had penetrated the
brain and death was only a question of
minutes. He died shortly before 6 o'clock
and his body was removed to the Morgue.
The coolness with which Adams delib
erated before sending a bullet through
his brain was marvelous, and is best told
by Z. Lewton, who has been h.s helper
for the past three years. Lewton was
seated in one corner of the shop honing a
razor, when the officers walked into the
place.
"Adams was seated in one of the barber
chairs," said Lewton. "when Officer Mc-
Murray asked him his name. He told
him frankly, and when imormed of the
charge he said there must be some mis
take. He did not seem moved. He asked
what the bail was. and when told ?zOOO
expressed no surprise.
"The officer then told him to put on his
hat and coat. Adams unconcernedly
walked to a clothes closet at the rear of
the room and after disappearing from
view we heard a sharp report of a pistol.
When we reached him he was leaning
against the wall and bloo^. was flowing
porfusely from a wound near the right
temple. 'We laid him on the floor and he
was afterward removed to the Receiving
Hospital. The shooting occurred at about
Adams was a married man, about 62
years of age. His wife is an invalid, and
they resided at 21 Ritch street. Ho came
from the East many years ago, and
claimed to be a down East Yankee. He
was a drinking man, and so far as known
never accumulated any property or
wealth. Those who are best acquainted
with him express surprise at his being
charged with a heinous crime. He was
always neatly attired, and is spoken of
as of a kindly and generous disposition
in general.
He was never known to be arrested be-
fore, and it is intimated that he had but
lately provided himself with the 32-caliber
revolver, which he concealed in an over
coat at the shop.
The Tyrone's Picnic.
The Tyrone, Fermanagh and Donegal
Benevolent Society will hold its eighth
annual picnic at Shell Mound Park Sun
day, August 28. The committee of ar
rangements held a large meeting at B'nai
B'rith Hall last evening, B. Gorman in
the chair and P. J. Tinney acting as
secretary. The committee on music, P.
J. Healey chairman, reported that it had
secured Tim McCarty, the celebrated
Irish piper, and Professor McMahon. the
fiddler, also the Hibernian band, for the
event. D. G. Lewis of the committee on
prizes said he had collected $113 cash,
also several valuable prizes. The commit
tee decided to give horseraces and bicycle
races. John Curry said $150 had been
given by the society, also a $100 bicycle
and a $33 gojd wntch had been purchased
and would be given away among the gate
prizes. It was also decided to purchase
stock in the new Irish Hall for the pro
ceeds received on that event.
POLICEMAN
HOSTETTER
IN TROUBLE
Accused of Insulting
a Woman.
HE ASKED HER TO MEET HIM
FORMAL CHARGES TO BE PRE
FERRED TO-DAY.
Lena Peterson, a Servant, Has a
Thrilling Experience With the
Offending Patrolman.
' Serious charges are to be preferred
against Policeman Hostetter of the O'Far
rell street station to-day. He is accused
of insulting Lena Peterson, a servant in
the employment of Howard Vernon, the
well-known court reporter, who lives on
Hayes street, near Devisadero.
According to her story, which was told
to Chief Lees last night, Hostetter ac
costed her as she was getting off a Hayes
street car, and asked her where she was
going.
She replied that she was on her way
home, whereupon, it is claimed, the offi
cious policeman caught her by the arm
and started to drag her along the street.
Hostetter, it is alleged, after releasing
her arm, attempted to make a "date"
with her. Miss Peterson claims that fear
ing violence at his hands, she consented
to meet him at some future date. Evi
dently thinking she would keep her word
Hostetter allowed her to go. Miss Peter
son lost no time in reaching the home
of her employer to whom she told the
story of the encounter with the police
man.
After satisfying himself that her story
was true. Vernon started Out to find Hos
tetter, intending to ask him for an ex
planation.
After a diligent search he failed to lo
cate him, but meeting Sergeant Duke, he
apprised him of what • had happened.
Duke, it is claimed, was anxious to im
mediately bring charges against Hostet
ter before the Police Commissioners, but
as the woman hesitated, he decided \ to
make an investigation.
Meeting . Hostetter several hours later
' . ADVERTISEMENTS.
ATIQATITTI7 SECURiTYT
■ jrllJiOUij U IJu DJuU UHi 11.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good.
PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF ! A rvrrriV* IFOPI F0P - headache. SFF
Mli CARTERS FOR dizziness. *"
fiFMHIMP ©STYLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. fl c Nl TiiTp
GENUINE Wb\#P;D FOR torpid liver. GENUINE
I ©ILLS FOR COHSTIPATIOFf.
WRAPPFB JiL-Ji " FOR sallow SKf«. WRAPPF!?
NKAtTM j^ksl Iforthecomplexioh * HAr^ K
; 25 Cents I Pnrely "T'egetal>le v '^a»*??^W£.
©o^ooooooooooooooo
|w PALACE «-"§!
%GRAND HOTELa %
jl BAH FHAHCiaCO. 1
" Connected by a covered passageway. T?
© 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
© NOT!! THE PKICSS: O i
-. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward rt
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward >* ■
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q I
q JOEN 0. KIRKPATRICK, Mantgtr. o !
000000000000000 OO Q
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
Ac rut- Full Set of Teeth
Ik / z/hc extracting free $5 00 up
C^^^mJ*^* Go\& Crowns 22k f ;, 50 up i
jy %Ss£Z V Fillings --- 25 up
'*^T*- G Open Evenings &Suudav9
•T^J^iK^Cs VAN vroom
-•^TK/MJaV^w Electro Dental Parlors
<I© irV Sixth and Market
" Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop.
/^NSMLJ?i? l ?M.£fii?'i^ ! iSi
E ?gATENTsf i)
, %i^33o MARKET ST. S.?.**s£r
A young gentleman, whose character is above reproach, promf-
aent in the religious circles of a Pennsylvania village, an exhorter of
the M. E. Society there, Secretary of the Quarterly Conference, and
at one time President of the Christian Endeavor Society, has long
been a user of Ripans Tabules, and says of them : " They keep nay
bowels open, they do not gripe, they do not purge, and I do not have
bad pains in my stomach any more, which I had, with dyspepsia and
constipation, for years^ — in fact, up to about three days after I began
taking the Tabules. There used to be some kinds of food my stomach
! would sicken on — pork, for instance. I could not eat it without having
a distressed feeling. Now everything goes down, pork and greasy
food, that used to make me sick to think of. I always have a few of
the Tabules in my pocket for use if occasion arises."
he asked him what he meant by insult
ing Miss Peterson. In explanation of his
conduct he said that the woman was in
the habit of getting drunk, and that fre
quently she returned to the home of her
employer In an intoxicated condition. A3
Miss Peterson is religiously abstemious
she is indignant over the accusation made
by Hostetter. Her employer keenly feels
the insults heaped upon Miss Peterson, and
to-day he will filed charges against the
officious patrolman.
The woman, in her statement to the
police officials, says that she promised to
meet Hostetter after he had grabbed her
by the arm because she feared that he
would injure her.
WHAT SPAIN'S MISRULE MEANS
Official data which have lately come to
hand serve to throw increased light upon
the subject of Spain's oppressive misrule
in Cuba.
Prior to the last revolutionary outbreak
the amount of yearly tribute which Cuba
was forced to pay into the treasury of
Spain fell little short of the average sum
of $25,000,000. In view of the comparative
ly small number of people living in Cuba
the enormous burden entailed upon them
by this exaction becomes at once ap
parent. In ISB4 Spain extorted from Cuba
in the way of revenues the outrageous
sum of $34,269,410. She applied 512.574.455
of the money thus collected to the pay
ment of old military debts incurred <n
subduing popular outbreaks in Cuba;
$5,904,084 to the use of the war department
in carrying out needed improvements, and
$14,595,096 to the payment of salaries,
pensions, etc., to Spanish officers and
clergymen. Out of the immense revenue
collected from Cuba in ISS4 only $1,193,745
returned to Cuba in the way of benefits.
This fact in itself, without the prolonged
effusion of Mood which drenched Cuba's
soil in consequence of her efforts to free
herself, more than vindicates the right
eousness of that cause which the United
States has assumed in undertaking to
expel Spain from the western hemisphere.
Such is the vast material wealth which
belongs to Cuba that she is destined
within the next few years, under the be
nign influence of free institutions, to be
come one of the richest and most pro
gressive centers of the globe. In reward
for what she has suffered, Cuba will soon
find herself in the fullest enjoyment of
freedom's recompense.— Atlanta Constitu
tion.
SPECIES OF BACTERIA.
The bacteria known now number 560
species, according to a London Institu
tion lecture by Professor N. B. Bot
tcrmley, and practically our entire
knowledge of these has been worked
out since 1830 through the influence of
Pastour. Of the harmful species there
are only about forty. Bacteria are
found everywhere in the air and in our
homes, they are so minute that 250,000.
000 could be accommodated on a penny
postage stamp and they multiply with
incredible rapidity. It is estimated that
a human being takes in by respiration
30,000 germs each day. or 100,000,000 a
year. Not only are most of them harm-
] < as, but they give flavor to butter,
cheese, game, etc., and they are the
scavengers of nature. They are abso
lutely necessary for the "round of life."
AXE PERFECT MEN
SDO SOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambition* of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of »rvou» I)i-:>llllv aro
absolutely cured by PJOKFKCTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, tailing' memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor ami potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the »ystem. Give y^J3v bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of A^Y|\younirorold.
( ir,e&oc box renews vital energy. yy A. boxes at
*2.&Oacomp!etefctuaranteedcure'<j3ThWor money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
lrice by THE rKKFKCTO CO., Caxton Uldg., Chlcaga, 111.
Sold In San Francisco by the Owl Drug Co.
\A/. X. HESS, I
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bidgr.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 521 California St., below Powell,
San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THH
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
rtren^tb to the sexual organ**
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver advanced.
Wheat futures weaker. Barley lower.
Corn firm. Rye and Oats quiet.
Hay getting settled. Bran firmer.
White Beans continue firm and active.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Vegetables fairly steady.
Butter weak. Cheese and Eggs firm.
Young Poultry cheap and dull.
Fresh Fruit sells well.
I Tied Fruit shows some change.
No change In Provisions.
Hides weak.
Hogs lower again.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian-Pacific TlT^.e.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 22, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka. 60: Fresno, 92: Los Angeles, W: Red
Bluff, 98; Independence, 88; San Diego, 70: Sac
rament... 84; Pan Lull Obisp . M: Yuma. 104.
San Francisco temperature— Maximum, 60;
minimum, ;.;.'; mean. 56,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
V RECASTS.
An area of high pressure Is central -near the
nioutli of the Columbia River. The pressure
has Increased over Oregon over three-tenths
of an Inch in the past twenty-four hours. The
lowest pressure fa reported from I'taji and
Arizona The conditions are such as will cause 1
a moderate narther In Northern California .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 23.
Northern California— Fair: warmer Saturday;
brisk north wind, a moderate norther.
Southern California- Fair Saturday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy, with scattered showers to
night or early Saturday morning; Saturday
partly cloudy.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Saturday.
San Francisco ami vicinity— Fair Saturday;
brisk west to light north wind.
lal report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m.— Clrnr wind west, 18 miles per hour;
temperature, 67; maximum, 70.
W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official. '
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 22.— stock market
continued in the hands of the small room
trader? -!.-■>. who dealt mostly In Industrial
specialties. They advanced the prices of these ;
early and this held up the standard railroad |
Btocks. Realizing in the specialties later in the
day caused a sympathetic decline- in the rail
roads, carrying prices in many cases slightly
below yesterday's close. Except where stocks
were influenced by individual ca^es. the total
change in prices was narrow and without sig- I
nlflcance. The" dullness may be quite equally |
Interpreted as indicating a disinclination to
buy at the present level or as an unwilling
ness to sell. The future of the international
trade situation is still so obscure that specu
lators are not ready to commit themselves..
Very little light was thrown on the probabili
ties by the day's grain markets, which were
not very active and were hesitating in tone.
There was a weakness in the Continental
grain market and there was selling for for
eign account, indicating the opinion that for
eign crops as well as our own are likely to
yield largely. There were evidences of a pres
sure of funds seeking investment, but they
manifested themselves in bonds rather than in
stocks. The large demand for the new Gov
ernment bonds which were traded in on the
Stock Exchange "when issued" had a favor- !
able sympathetic effect all through the market.
This bond sold to 104%. the last sale being at
that figure. Bids were for small as well as
for full-share lots of $1000. The advance in
other Government bonds was called sympa
thetic. The advantages of the new issue for !
purposes of circulation make a keen demand |
for them from the banks, though the present |
prospective cheapness of money tended to di
minish their value for this purpose. Railroad I
mortgages were absorbed on a large scale to- j
day. The well-secured bonds of reorganized !
ronds whose value under reorganization has !
been clearly fixed were the favorites. There I
was also more demand for the more specula- !
tive Issues of the roads still to be reorganized j
or whose payments of interest are contingent
on earnings. The plenlitude of money also
found reflection in Wall street In talk of syn- !
dicates preparing for financial ventures In
Eastern Cuba. Time loans were made for six I
months at the rate of 3 per cent and sterling i
exchange continued heavy under offering of '
grain bills. London also bought stocks here in !
eplte of a stiffening of the London discount !
rate in sympathy with the fall of London ex- i
change here. Total sales railroad bonds par
value. $4,645,000.
United States seconds advanced 1. the new
registered *4; the old fours registered and the
new fours coupon* % and the lives coupon V In
the bid price. .
Total sales of stock to-day were 134,700
shares, including: 4417 Atchison preferred.
1423 Baltimore and Ohio, 4060 Burlington, 7265
Metropolitan, 7240 St. Paul. 7465 U. P. and D
G.. 3270 W. and L. E.. 1850 Cotton Oil. 5610
Lead, 9481 Sugar, 11,841 Leather preferred, 9270
Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% St P & Om 82
Do r-efd H% Do prefd 150
Baltimore & Ohio 32% St PM & M... 154 V.
Canada Pacific .. ,-v... So Pacific 20 "
Canada Southern. 52** So Railway ... . 8%
Central Pacific .. l"~« Do prefd 30 7 4
Ches & Ohio 22U Texas & Pacific.. 12%
Chi & Alton 180 Union Pac prefd. 6" 1 -.
Chi B & Q 106% U P D & G 5% ,
Chi & E 111 53' 4 Wabash 7 !
CCC & St L.... 41' i Do prefd 18%
Do prefd 86 Wheel &L E %
Del & Hudson... 105 Do prefd 8
Del L & W 150 Express Companies—
Den &R G 12 Adams Ex 101
Do prefd 43*4 American Ex 135
Erie (new) 12"-; United States .... 40
Erie Ist prefd.... 34% Wells Fargo 120
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
Gt NOT prefd 126% A Cot Oil 24
Hocking Valley... :, l Do prefd 77%
Illinois Central .. 107% Ann Spirits 11%
Lake Erie & W.. 13% Do prefd 32%
Do rrefd 71 Am Tobacco 11^4
iHke Shore ISS Do prefd 122
Lould & Nash oL'% People's Gas 98%
Manhattan L 104 % Cons Gas 195
Met St Ry 150% Com Cable C 0.... 170
Mich Central .... 106 Col F & 1r0n.... ->0
Minn & st L 28 Do prefd . 90
Do Ist prefd.... &8 Gen Electric ..'.'.'. 39
Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel 56
Mobile & 0hi0.... 25% Laclede Gas . 50«
Mo X & T 10% Lead ....! 3514
Do prefd 33*« Do prefd ' I--,
Chi Ind & L.... 9% Nat Lin Oil 13-1
Do prefd 29% Pacific Mall ... 2S<4
N J Central 88 Pullman Palace... 208%
N V Central 117*4 Silver Certificates 59%
X V Chi St L... 13 Stand R & T.. ".
Do Ist prefd.... S3 Sugar 13»
Do 2d orefd.... 30 Do prefd 11314
Nor. West 14 TC & Iron .'.'.'..'. 24%
No Amer Co 6 ! U S Leather 7%
No Pacific 29V; Do ■ refd 6S?
Do prefd 63% V S Rubber 31*;
Ontario A- W 14% Do prefd 90%
Or R & Nay 4S West Union 92^
Or Short Line.... 2S Chi & N W 125%
Pituburg 170 j do prefd .... 172%
Reading i«stLftßc:::::T
Do Ist rrefd.... 3 1 * Do prefd .... 10%
Rock Island 95% R G W \ 26%
St Louis & 8 F... 7% Do prefd 65
Do Ist prefd.... 61 Chi <; W 1414
Do 2d nrefd.... 28 Haw Com Co 22%
St Paul 98% Brooklyn R T.'.'.'.'. 54%
Do prefd 15] Union Pacific .. 24
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 125% x .1 C 55.. 1Q
Do coup 126% N Carolina 'to.'.'.'.'. 125
0 »4s 110% Do 4s ; 102
Do coup 11l No Pac lsts " 112%
. I>o Us 97 Do 3s (,3\
V Sss reg 112% Do 4p ... 952
Do 5s coup 113% x V C & St L, 4s. 105»i
District 3.65s 116 Nor & W f,g «'
Ala class A 10S Northwstrn cons. 142
Do » 105 Do den 5s 117%
Do C 95 O Nay lsts ny
Do Currency ... 95 O Nay 4s .... %
Atchison 4s 9!> OS Line 6s tr'"" 127%
Do adi 4s 70% O S Line 5s tr " 103%
CanSo2ds . ... 1094 Pacific 6s of 95" 99
Chi Terminal 45.. 86% Reading 4s ....... 102
C & Ohio ;,s 114', RG W lst<i O" 89%
CH& D 4 V 104% St L&IMCsi: S3*
D & R G lsts 109% St L & S.F G 6s. 117%
D&R G4s 93 Ct P Con 145
East Term lsts... 105* iSt P C & P lats.. 118%
Erie Gen 4s 73% Do. ss 11511
F W & D lsts tr. 11% So Railway 94
Gen Electric 55... 105 Stand R& T 65.. 70
GII&S A6s 104 Term new set 3s 91>£
Do 2ds 105 T Pac L G lstß 106
H&T C 5» 110% Do Rg 2ds. :] . ?2? 2
Do con fa 112 OPD & G l.ts.. 72%
lowa C lsts 102 Wall Ist 5s . mix
La new cons 45.. 103 Do 2ds " rs
L & N Unl 45.... 88 Iw Shore i 5.... 108U
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries .'.'.'. UK.
MX & T Ids O% Do deferred "" 5
Do 4s 89% Union Pacific .... <»7tz
N V Central lsts. UST4 "" ' :
MINING STOCKS. •
Chollar 10 Ontario 2 BO
Crown Point 03 Ophlr . , 10
Con Cal & Va — . 30 Plymouth .'. '■ 12
Dead wood 30, Quicksilver ... " i 50
Gould & Curry... 04 1 Do prefd ... "' 475
Hale & Norcross.. 40 Sierra Nevada ' 40
Homestake 46 00 Standard " 140
Iron Silver 71 Union Con " 12
Mexican C 5 Yellow Jacket ... 08
BOSTON* STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money—. • Atchison prefd... 34«
Call loans 2<rf3 Boston L :.. 66
Time loans 3<§.4 E E 111 175
Stocks — ' • Gen Elec orefd... 93
A T & S F 134 Bonds—
Amer Sugar 132H Atchison 2ds 20
Do prefd 113% Do 4s 83%
Bay State Gas...l 7-16 New Eengland 6s. 11%
Bell Telephone .. 273 Wis Cent lsts.... 48%
Boston & Albany. 225- Do Gs ..' ..... 125%
Boston & Maine. 161% Mining Shares—
Chi B& Q 105% Allouez Mln Co.. 3%
Fltchburg MOV; Atlantic 26
Gen Electric 38 Boston & Hont.. 204*4
Illinois Steel 66 Butte & Boston.. 23%
Mexican Central.. 4*4 Calumet & Hecla. s"o' ■
NY & N Eng 94 Centennial 14
Old Colony 193 Franklin 12Vi
Rubber 3% Osceola 46%
Union Pacific ... 23% yuliicy 110%
W. End 85 Tamarack 153
Westlnghouse El. 24% Wolverine ........ 23
Do prefd 54% I'arrott 23*4
Wls Central 2 'Old Dominion ... 22%
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Money on call steady,
l%«?l?i per cent; last loan. 1% per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 3%@4 per. cent; sterling, ex
change easy, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 86140*1 85% for demand and Si M.i
4 M' 4 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 854i4 86'; i;
commercial bills, $4 88%; silver certificates.
59% c; bar silver. 59& c: Mexican dollars, 46c;
Government bonds, strong; State bonds, dull;
railroad bonds, strong. :
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The State
ment by the Spanish Minister of Public Works
upon peace prospects, together with good rail
way dividend announcement!!, favorably af
fected all the stock markets to-day. A sharp
rise in Spanish 4's on the Spanish Ministers
statement also brought on buyers of Americans.
The market closed under the best, however.
A large amount of Americans bills was or- ]
fere.l here to-day to leave New York to-mor- |
row. New York is asking lor quotations on i
I American bills as far forward as October.
: Gold was in strong demand for the continent .
, and full-weighted .sovereigns were bought to- j
1 day for shipment to Russia. It is believed
that money rates have touched bottom. It Is ,
rumoEpd that the Transvaal Government has
! obtained a loan of £6.000.000 at Berlin.
CLOSING.
• Canadian Pacific. 87%. Bar Silver, steady,
27*t)d. Money, :,«i: ,«i per cent. •
FINANCIAL REVIEW. ,
! NEW YORK, July Bradstreefs Finan- |
cial Review to-morrow will say: This has been I
■ speculatively, an extremely dull week. The
market for several days has been reduced to .
' dimensions of less than 150.000 shares a day. j
i Commission business has been at a standstill |
; and the operations of the professional element, |
i large and small, have been on a restricted I
i scale. It has been, In short, a case of mid
summer dullness of the most pronounced kind.
The war news has been less effective than ever,
so far as the spirit of speculation is concerned,
though at the beginning of the week there was
some accession of bearishness on the reports ;
concerning yellow fever among the troops in
Florida and Cuba, while the idea that Spain
would sue for peace, and the allegation that
Germany had assumed a satisfactory attitude ,
in regard to our operations in the Philippines ;
had a share in creating the stronger undertone,
i which finally asserted itself. The market was
: dull and heavy in the early part of the week i
' but on Wednesday it became more firm in
! tone, with slight advances in the general list
and some more marked appreciation in some
of the industrials. This was in a measure
founded on the drift of the war developments,
I but it would have seemed to have grown out ,
! of the favorable impression by the reports of
I the crops and the harvest; by the reported
success of the efforts to restore and maintain
railroad rates, in view of the large tonnage in |
sight for the autumn months, and by the j
weakening of foreign exchange rates, mainly
or. prospective large foreign purchases of our
! products. These as well as the indications of i
1 active autumnal trade and the abundance of '
! capital in the country, have apparently pro- :
duced a more confident temper among large j
financial interests, though the absence of any
public speculative participation is a bar to pro
gress in the direction of manipulation for higher j
prices. Current earnings have also made fa
vorable comparisons with the results of last
year, which tends to check active speculation
in railroad properties, though it is understood
that preparations are being made for active
traffic on a large scale as soon as the present
crops begin to move. While the feeling of the
professional element, which at present monop- ;
oiizes the market, is bearish for the moment,
there is an underlying sentiment to the ef- j
feet that prices are likely to Improve In the ■
future.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. July 22.— FLOUR— Receipts,
2541 barrels; exports, 14,492 barrels; quiet but
fairly steady. (
WHEAT— Receipts, 69,375; exports, H.B3S;
spot, steady; No. 2, steady; No. 2 red. S4?ic,
f. o. h. afloat, export grades to arrive. Options
opened steady, and after some advance de
clined under realizing and closed easy at H@%c
net loss. Cables were disappointing; receipts j
and bulge in corn were the bull features to- i
day, while speculative apathy and fine spring
wheat news induced selling. No. 2 red July, ,
82*J4@83c, closed S2*ic; September, 92 9-163&3% c, j
closed 92% c.
HOPS— Steady.
METALS— lnterest In metals still lags to an
unwarranted degree, with the market desti
tute of feature worthy of mention. Operations
in prices lack particular significance. At the
close to-day the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— unchanged, with $6 70
bid and $8 BO asked. \
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, at $1150.
TIN-Quiet, at 115 6061$ 65.
LEAD— Quiet, at $3 sr.fi 3 97%. The local firm j
naming the settling price for lead for West- '
crn miners and smelters quotes lead {3 80.
SPELTER— Unchanged, at $4 40®4 50.
i COFFEE— unchanged to 5 points j
higher. Sales, 13,750 bags, including: . July, i
$.". 35; August. $5 45. Spot Rio dull. No. 7 in
voice, fie: No. 7 Jobbing, B%c. Mild quiet. Cor
dova, B>>4@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 3%c; cen- j
trifugal. 96 test, 4%c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4557 packages; steady, i
Western creamery. 14-5 17'*c; El gins, 17c; fac
tory. 11-5130: imitation do, 12«14%c.
EGGS — Receipts, 5143 packages; steady.
Western, 13%<g14c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, July 22. — California dried
fruits quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6@Bc; j
prime wire tray. B%gS*ic; choice, f^'g^c; fancy,
9%c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 8%@10c; . Moorpark, 10@ j
12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Sc; peeled. 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July Wheat started a trifle '
'' higher and light on Argentine shipments and
the slow movement of the new crop. The Liv- !
erpool market showed little change, which, j
considering the weakness here yesterday, was ;
deemed encouraging. Strength in corn and j
firmness of spot wheat sustained the specu- (
lative wheat futures for a while. Later, how- I
ever, the general weakness abroad and the |
near approach of new wheat deliveries In Eu
rope started some selling here. This resulted
in a steady decline until the early advance was
, more than lost. Receipts at Chicago were |
sixty cars. The total of the primary Western i
i receipts was 7000 bushels. Exports from the ;
; Atlantic ports were equal In wheat and flour 1
to 151,000 bushels. Minneapolis and Duluth .
j stocks of wheat were estimated to show a de- ;
crease for the week of 1.400,000 bushels and the
visible increased • 708.000 bushels. September
opened He higher at 67"i(365c. rose to 6SUc, i
' then reacted to 67% c at the close. December
started i,(6 v ,c up at 67% ( 5-67-'i t c. advanced to
, 67% c. fell off to 67140, then rallied to 67% c
asked, the closing price. •
The non-appearance of the rains that w<ye
: predicted, together with a clear weather fore- ,
cast for the next thlrty-slx hours, strengthen- |
ed com.
Oats were strong on good buying by promi
nent shorts and the strength In corn.
Provisions firmed up early on large reported
cash sales. Prices declined later on commis
sion house selling of lard and ribs.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July :.... 76% 78 : 76% 77 '.
September 68 6814 67*£ 67%
December 67% 67% 67% 67*4
Corn No. 2—
July 33 33% 33 33%
September 33% 33% 33 33%
December 33% 34 33% 33
May 35% 36% 35% 36
Oats No. 2—
July 23% 23% 23' i 23%
September • 19% 20<; 19% 20V4
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 70
September 9 82%. 995 9 82% 985
Lard, per 100 n>s —
September 560 665 6 65 555
October 5 65 5 70 5 60 5 60
Short Ribs, per 100 rbs —
September 565 6 67% 560 560
October ....5 67% -5 70 5 62% 665
Cash quotations were as • follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 75c; No. 3 spring
wheat, 7S@B2c; No. 2 red, 78% c; No. 2 corn, 33%
©33%: No. 2 oats. 24c: No. 2 white. 28c; No. 3
white. 25%@27c; No. 2 rye, 47c;. No. 2 barley,
32035 c; No. 1 flax seed, $1; prime timothy seed,
$2 55; mess pork, per barrel. $9 75@9 80; . lard,
per 100 pounds, $3 47%@5 62%; short ribs sides
(loose), $5 45@5 75; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
4%4<Stsc: short- clear sides (boxed), . $5-95@6 10.
Articles— ■ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7,400 3,700
Wheat. ■ bushels 32,700 15.900
Corn, bushels 284,200 182.100
Oats, bushels 181,100 228.800
Rye, - bushels 6,400
Barley, bushels' 4.500
. On the Produce Exchange to-day the But
ter market was firm: Creameries. 13%@16%c;
Dairies. ll@l4c. Eggs, steady; fresh, lie.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
« <■ Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 32,400 H '30
Duluth 8.966 21,473
Milwaukee -2,850 ' 2150
Chicago, 32,767 972
Toledo 158,334 206.500
St. Louis 67.000 19.000
Detroit ... 20,651 6,000
Kansas City 88,500 44,000
Totals 401,428 343,325
Tidewater — .. ■ i •
Boston 4,000
New York 69,375 .82.835
Philadelphia 2,982 -4,558
Baltimore 6.83S
New Orleans : .......
Galvestcn .....23,100 . '..;..■..'
totals 105,295 87,333
PARIS FUTURES. '
Wheat— ;•/;• July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening .....5115 44 00
Closing .................6170 44 35
Flour —
Opening : .....2195 -20 15
Clcsln* .■......;.:............... ....22 15 " 20 40
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, jtTLY 23, 1898.
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
July. Sept. Dec.
Ooenln* 6 su i 5 Wk'. 6 7V4
Closing ;.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'■'.'■■•■<> S% 5 v*&u *& C 7%
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, July 22.— following, table,
complied by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ing at eighty-nine cities for the week ended
July 21. with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as . compared with i the corresponding
week last year:
Inc. Dec.
New ' York $ 676.555.123 4 8 V
no et o n ' 95,406.745 9.7
ChTcJUrO '::::::::.: ... 95.563. 22. ....
Philadelphia 65.505.734 A '
St Louis 26,622,703 6.1
Pittsburgh • 15.752.339 ..... 20.4
Baltimore 17.322.061 5.1 ....
San Francisco 13,351,766 3.2
Cincinnati 12,733,550 5.8
Kansas City 9.499,872 18.1
New Orleans 5,953,314 • 1.7
Minneapolis '. 5.571,059 15.1
Detroit . 6,221,794 7.3 ....
Cleveland 7,840,055. 27.8
Louisville 6,865.578 12.0
Providence 5.476.200
Milwaukee 4.688,305 11.9
St Paul 3,545,400 3.0
Buffalo 3.829.633 2.2
Omaha 6,686,750 22.4
Indianapolis 5.816,717 22.9
Columbus, 0 3,566.900 12.2
Savannah 1,654,774 12.0
Denver 2.445.49S 17.1
Hartford 2.931.646 21.6
Richmond 2,781,627 28.6
Memphis 1.890.042 ■ 52.4
Washington".'.'.'.'.'.'"!! 2,202.755 14.4 ....
Peoria 1,215,120 10.4
Rochester 1,607,313 10.1
New Haven 1,620.177 3.1
Worcester 1,507,810 3.3
Atlanta '. 1,127,421 1.3
Salt Lake City 1.354.521 ' 15.6
Springfield. Mass 1.435.541 12.8
Fort Worth..... 1,240,997 20.8 ....
Portland, Me 1.597,872 6.6
Portland. Or 1.319,639 30.9 ....
St. Joseph ...!..!!!!!!! 2.615.512 3.3 ..';.'
Lake" City.!!!!!.! i!354.52l 15.6
igfleld. Mass 1.435.541 12.8
Worth 1.240.W97 20.8 ....
and, Me 1,597.872 6.6
and. Or 1.319,639 30.9
los-eph 2.615.512 150.5 ....
Los Angeles 1.422.604 10.6
Norfolk 873,149 2.9 ....
Syracuse 1,239,665 21.7
Dcs Molnes 990,106 25.0
Nashville 1.961,135 7.4
Wilmington, Del 695,156 2.5
Fall River 652.232 f 11.2
Scranton 850,896
Grand Rapids 873.530 22.7 ....
Augusta, Ga 576.953 14.0 ....
Lowell 802.142 3.3
Dayton, 0 723,722 16.4
Seattle 1.102.53 C 113.9
Tacoma 597,944 32.3
Spokane 0 900.272 16.4 ....
>ma '5''7!944 32.3
Sioux City 742,666 2.3
New Bedford 55,366
Knoxville. Term 351,184
Topeka 645.153 37.6
Birmingham 329.254 7.S
Wichita 427.364 14.4
Blnghampton 320,900 3.5 ....
Lincoln 3."6.324 15.5
Lexington. Ky 354.973 20.8
Jacksonville, Fla 217.604 33.9
Kalamazoo 152.080 2.0
Akron .....' 330.300 21.6
Bay City 150.522 3.2
Chattanooga 310,262 25.2 ....
Rockford. 11l 199.200 3.1
Canton. O  216.700 1.3
Springfield, 6. .'.'!.' ..!"! • 188,212 .31.4
Fargo, N. D 163.931 . 171.6
Sioux Falls. S. D 96,249 71.4
Hastings, Neb 59.523 25.1
Fremont, Neb '. 76,455 7.8
Davenport 613.363 7.6
Toledo 1.991.306 36.6
•Galveston 3.756.500 17.7
•Houston 4,163.639 13.9 ....
Youngstown 337,599 24.3 ....
••Ma. -on 331.000
••Evansville 746.060
••Helena 503,119
Totals. United
States $1,152,889,653 6.0
Totals outside New
York ..'. 476,031,530 5.S
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 18,018.89! 7.6
Toronto 7,480,500 ..... ....
Winnipeg ............. 1.475.942 10.1
Halifax 1,255,010 2.5 ....
Hamilton .414 26.1
St. John. N. B 616.165 11.1
Totals $ 24,551,923 5.0
• Not included In totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
•• Not Included In totals because of no com
parison for last year.
BRADSTREET*S%IEVIEW.
NEW YORK. July 22.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Midsummer conditions still gov
ern most lines of trade and manufacture, but
the volume of business as Indicated by bank
clearings shows little decrease and is evidently
considerably in advance of previous years at
this time. A feature of the trade this week
is the better demand reported for wool East
and West, largely confined, It Is true, to a few
grades of wool. This appearance of activity
has given a decidedly more hopeful tone to
I this business, which, however, is not heard
from In the manufacturing branch.
Eastern wool markets are relatively the low
! est in the world, and stocks now held, it Is
I claimed, cannot be replaced at lower prices
I here or abroad. Indications that important de
velopments may shortly be witnessed in the
iron trade accumulate. This is partly the re
sult of expected good orders from railroads for
rails, of a larger export business and of a
good volume of small orders for various
classes of steel. The statistical position of
rip iron has been strengthened by the curtail
ment of production and the reduction of stocks,
f.l!. wing a production of an average of nearly
'« tons a month since January 1, but
i some shading, especially of Southern iron
! prices, imparts an air of Irregularity to the
: trade. Effects of the reported advance In
I prices by the Bessemer Iron combination have
not been measured, and the result of this an
nouncement Is awaited with interest. Dull
ness has been a feature of the cereal markets.
Old wheat supplies are rapidly decreasing.
I while the new crop movement, although in
excess of last year, does not reach the propor
tions expected. The shipping of Texas wheat
: to California Is one effect of the shortage of
supplies reported. Another feature of the
\ business situation is the active preparation
i making in the coast shipping trade for the
j large business with West Indian points, which
i.= expected to develop as a result of military
j and naval operations. The renewal of sailings
' by coastwise vessels and the practical disap
pearance of war risks are accompanying
j features.
: Rather more attention is given the Klondike
as a result of reported heavy arrivals of gold
at the coast points, and estimates of a sea
sons' output valued at $20,CK>0,000 are current.
! Rather more animation is looked for In the
j outfitting trade as a result thereof, but ad
1 vices from Alaska are not wholly favorable.
I as la proved by reports that large numbers of
: unsuccessful prospectors are anxious to get out
■ of the country.
Following the usual semi-annual crop of
small business embarrassments failures have
again dropped to normal summer proportions.
. the total number for the week just closed be
| ing 188, 50 fewer than last week. »» fewer than
1 in this week a year ago. 92 less than in this
week of 1898, 51 less than in 1595 and 49 less
j than In 1894.
I Cereal exports continue to "be of a satlsfac-
I tory volume. Wheat shipments for the week
j (flour Included as wheat) aggregate 2,303.469
bushels, as against 2.910.527 bushels last week
; and compared with 1.97K.R28 bushels In the cor
responding week of 1K97. 3.007.050 bushels in
1896, 1,265,096 In 1895 and 3,388.000 In 1894.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. July 22— R. G. Dun & Co.. In
their Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will
say: A state of war does not disturb business.
But reaction after a phenomenal movement of
grain causes relative loss, which many mis
take for decrease In the volume of trade. So
much grain has been required and shipped dur
ing the past twelve months that a decrease
was Inevitable and the granger and Pacific
railroads show a loss In earnings, even com
pared with 1892, though not much yet, com
pared with last year.
After the surrender at Santiago, barely a
week of rest has preceded the sailing of the
Porto Rican forces, but meanwhile the procla
mation opening Santiago to trade on terms sin
gularly favorable to the Inhabitants there and
.the effortß to build up business In Eastern
Cuba, are occupying the thoughts of many en
terprising firms. Reduction of one-half In the
tax heretofore paid, with honest instead of
Spanish administration, brings home to Cubai.
residents the meaning of the change and they
also learn the use of money, of which a paper
dollar is as good aa gold, which for them Is a
long step forward.
In the stagnant midsummer season, with
business larger than ever before, the great
manufacturers nearly all share the gain. Once
before, in 1*95, with an extraordinarily small
movement prior to July, the shipments of boots
and shoes were larger than this year, but in
no other year have shipments in three weeks
of July been as large. Only 5,253.200 pounds of
wool was sold last week, and In three weeks
only 12,879,900 pounds at the three chief mar
kets, of which 8,720,700 pounds was domestic,
against 34,124.700 pounds last year, and 23,347,
650 pounds in the same week of 1892, 18.509,000
pounds being domestic.
The iron manufacture seems to be at the
verge of another revolution, since Bessemer pig
is held by curtailment of production on the
Shenandoah and Mahonlng valleys at $10 25
at Plttsburg, and yet some steel works have
made enormous sales of billets, 100,009 tons
to the great wire association at prices un
known; 20,0*0 tons to parties at Chicago at
$15 75. and 20,000 tons at Plttsburg at $14 75.
The demand for structural forms keeps all the
works busy and includes for the week 3500
tons at Chicago in the contracts and 7800 at
Plttsburg in four others, while the plate mills
are everywhere crowded, sheets and bars ore
both In better demand than heretofore, and the
prolonged weakness in cast iron pipe, which
usually requires nearly 700.000 totis of piglron
In a year, may presently be cured..
Heavy sales of lake copper have fixed the
price at lHic and the .output of the last half
year has been 120,447' tons American, against
4840 tons foreign, although three years ago the
foreign output considerably exceeded the Amer
ican. Tin at $lf. 55 and lead at $3 92*^ are
both a shade weaker.
With abatement of foreign needs and pros
pects of excellent crops in many foreign coun
tries, wheat has declined during the week 3c
In price, notwithstanding exports from At
lantic ports amounting to 1,397,020 bushels,
against 1.516,937 bushels last year and from Pa
cific ports 67,755 bushels, against 8H.923 bush
els last year. Total exports for three weeks
have . been 7,399,259 bushels, flour included,
against 5,194.488 bushels laa,t year.
Failures for : the week huve . been 207 In the
United States, against 227 last year, and 17 In
Canada, against 2S last year.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES. ';.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California
Fruit at auction, realizing the following prices:
CHICAGO, July 22.— Plums— Diamond, $1 40;
Kelsey Japan, $1; Purple Duane. 91c. Pears—
Bartlett, $1 35©1 60. Fontainbleau, Sse.
@$1 20, average $1 09. Weather warm. Nino
cars sold.
BOSTON. July 22.— Pears— Bartlett. $1 75@2,
average $1 90. Weather dry. Six cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA. July 22.— Bartlett,
$1 50@l S3, average $158. Weather hot. One
car sold. ■ . . . - ■
NEW YORK. July Pears— Bartlett. $1 65
'52 05, average $1 77. Plums — Purple Duane, 9oc
@$1 15, average $1 07; Sateuma, 90c@$l 05. aver
age $1 01; Washington, 70c@$l 10, average 93c.
Prunes— Tragedy. 75c@$l 20, average 81c. Peaches
— Early Crawford," 6O@Soc," average 60c. Grapes
— Fontainbloau. $1 01. Sixteen cars sold.
MONTREAL, July 22.— Pears— Bartlett. half
boxes, $1 10; boxes "$2 08. Peaches— Early Craw
ford, $1-19; St. John, $1 21; Strawberry, $1 25;
Imperial, $1 08. Walling. $1 75; Brad
shaw, $195; Ogon. $1 65; Burbank. $1 70; Sat
suma. $161; Kelsey Japan, $150; boxes, $127.
Prunes— Tragedy, single ( . crates, $1 75.
, EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
•CHICAGO, July 22.— CATTLE — Choice
steers, $5 25(ii5 50; medium, $4 So(if4 95; beef
; steers. . $4 30$ 1 75;, Mockers and feeders, $3 25
©4 75; bulls. $2 75@4 25; cows and heifers, $3 10
©4; canners, $2 IBM 95; calves, $3@7; Western
steers. $4 25@5 30: Texans. $2 80<7i 5.
HOGS— Fair to choice, $3 92Vi«?4 07%; pack
ers, $3 70@3 90; butchers', $3 75@3 97%; mixed,
$3 70@3 90; light, $3 65@3 92' 2 ; pigs, $2 75<S'3 80.
SHEEP— Poor to choice, $2 50@5 Western
rangers $404 50: Texans, $3 50®4; common to
choice lambs. $3 50(??6 40.
Receipts— 3000; ' Hogs. 34,000; Sheep,
8000. • ■ ■ .- • V
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. July 22.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4000; market steady ■to strong. Native steers,
$3 40@5 25; Texas steers. $3 25@4 70; Texas
cows, $2 95<§'3 75; native cows and heifers. $1 60
@4 85; stockers and feeders, : $3@4 60; bulls, $2 73
©4 50. . ,
HOGS— Receipts, 14,000; market weak to 5c
lower; bulk of sales. $3 65@3 85; heavies. $3 70
@3 90; packers. $3 60@3 75; mixed, $3 60®3 80;
lights. $3 55@3 70.
SHEEP— 1000. Market, firm; lambs,
$2 65@6; muttons, $2 50@4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, July 22.— Receipts, 1700;
market, stronger. Native - beef steers, $4 40
@5 25; Western steers, $3 90@4 50; Texas steers.
$3 50@4 30; cows and heifers, $3 40@4 30; stock
ers and feeders, $3 7CXS4 70; calves, $3 50@5 50;
bulls, stags, etc., $2 So(g4 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 8000. Market, strong. Heavy,
$3 77%@3 85; mixed, $3 75<§3 77%; bulk of sales,
$3 77 ..13 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1200. Market, Blow. Fair
to choice natives, $3 80@-i 50; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 40; common, $3 25@4 20;
lambs, $4@6.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July 22.— Consols, 111 7-16; silver.
27% d; French rentes, . 103f 15c; wheat cargoes
off coast, ~ less active; cargoes on passage,
quieter.
LIVERPOOL, July 22.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
standard .California, 6s lldf:6s ll%d; wheat in
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, weak; weather in England, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 13-32 d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, July 22.— Exchanges, - $185,475;
balances, $25,068.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, July WHEAT— Nominal;
Walla. Walla, 60<@62c; valley and bluestem, 63®
64c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, July -WHEAT— Good crop re
ports from the growing districts conspire to
keep prices low; club, 60c; bluestem. 63c.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, July COTTON— Steady;
quotations revised; •middling, 6%c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE . AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, Bight .. $4 87
Sterling Exchange. 60 days 4 85V4
Sterling Cables 4 68
New York Exchange, telegraphic. .. 17<4
New York Exchange, sight.... ;. ; 15
Fine Silver, per ounce 59%
Mexican Dollars 46 46^j
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— market continues soft as far
as futures are concerned, but there is no change
whatever In spot quotations. Business is flat.
Spot Shipping, $1 25@1 27V4; milling,
$1 35@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:ls 'o'clock — December — 2000
ctls. $1 26 7 tf,.
Second Session — December — 2COO ctls. $1 27.
Regular Morning December— 4ooo ctls,
$120%; 4000. $1 26%; 2000. $126%; 4000, $126%;
2000. $1 "St. . > ..• . •
Afternoon Session — December — 12,000 ctls,
$1 27U; 12.000, $1 27Mi. ' ■
BARLEY— market continues very slow
and prices are again off slightly.
Feed, $1 17@1 20; Brewing. $1 30@l 35.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— No sales.
' Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 IS%; 2000, $1 19; 2000, $1 10%; 4000, $1 194.
Afternoon Session — December — sales.,- !: ;
OATS— Steady and unchanged, with not much
trade. Fancy Feort. $1 32'ffl 35 per ctl; good to
choice, $125G132&: common, $1 17%(fl 22',j:
Surprise. -$1 32' 5 35; gray, $1 22>ygl 25; mill
ing, $1 30®l 35 per ctl.
CORN— Is firm at the advance, with light
stocks. Small round yellow, . $1 30(81 35; East
ern large yellow, sacked, $115; white, $117®
1 20: mixed. $1 10 per ctl. ■ . /~r-
RYE— sl 20®l 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75<gl 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 65@4 75; bakers'
extras, $4 40^4 50 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in . sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, ft
(§4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 76; Farina. $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
ley), $5 85(f;ii 25; in sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas. $4 25; Green Pea», $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market seems to be getting estab
lished. The heavy consumers, who have been
holding off so long waiting for a break, have
apparently become tired and have started in
to lay in their stocks. The first large buyer
opened the ball on Thursday and the others
will probably fall in. as the heavy receipts of
the past two or three days have not depressed
values, though the .feeling is naturally easy.
Prices for all kinds are now well defined, ex
cept for fine wheat, and nobody seems to know
exactly what that is worth, as there is little or
none coming in. It will probably be very scarce
this year, as the district that produces it has
a very short crop. Dealers quote it all the way
from $1S(S;19 50, but our quotations probably rep
resent a" fair medium between the extremes.
It is the general opinion that prices will stay
about where they are, with occasional fluctua
tions, for some little time. ;
Bran is firm at a slight advance. Rolled Bar
ley is ■ rather weaker. - > '
BRAN— slfi<3l6 50 per ton.
. MIDDLINGS-$20@22 per ton.
f FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 per ton.
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31C?31 50; Jobbing
$32(^32 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25: Cottonseed
Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
Cracked Corn, $24(7?24 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat, $18® 18 50 for choice and
$16 50@17 50 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat.
$16®18 50; Oat, $15 50@17 50;- Wild Oat. $14 50®
16 50; Barley, $155116; Island Barley, $13@14 60;
Alfalfa, $11 50<irl3; Clover, nominal— none here.
STRAW— 85c per. bale. \-■
BEANS AND SEEDS. .'
White Beans are. firm and active, with sales
at the. to? quotation. . The : other kinds '. are
steady and unchanged.
BEANS— $2 75@2 90; Small Whites.
$1 so<?i2; Large Whites, $175@187H; Pinks, $2 50
@2 60; Reds/ $2 60®2 75; Blackeye, $3 15@3 25;
Butters, nominal; Limas, $2- 75 & 2 85; Pea, $180
@1 90; Red Kidneys. $2 50<§2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50®5 per ctl :
Yellow Mustard, $4 25; Flax, $2© 2 05; Canary
Seed 2*4@2%c per lb; Alfalfa,' nominal; Rape,
2V»<6' l 2 : Vic; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; . Green. $2®
">. 10 per ctl. • -■ - ' . «
POTATOES, ONIONS .AND VEGETABLES.
' Potatoes , and Onions : are . doing better. To
matoes are • firm, but Squash and Cucumbers
are weak and In good supply. The other Vege
tables are unchanged. ' ■ ■'•;.'
POTATOES— 6O@6Oc in sacks and 50@80c 'In
boxes for Early Rose and 55@65c in sacks and
60c(g$l in - boxes for Burbanks; Salinas: Bur
banks, 65@S5c.' ' ■ i ■ .■ ;■ V - ' ..T
ONIONS— 60c per ctl for red and 70@80c
per ctl for yellow. ■"'.;■'.
VEGETABLES— . Peas. 2%c: String
Beans, 2%#4c per 1b; Lima Beans. 4@sc; Bay
Squash, 35@50c; Green Peppers, 50@75c for Chile
and $1 25@1 50 for ; Bell -■ Dried Peppers, s@6c;
Cabbage, 50c per ctl; Carrots, 30@50c per sack;
Bay Cucumbers, 40@60c; Vacaville Tomatoes, 40
@85c;:Los Angeles, 75c@$l per box: River To
matoes, $1 5017 2 25; Green " Corn, .-. 75c@$l i per
sack for Vacaville; $I@l 50 per crate for.Ala
meda and 75*5 55 c for Berkeley; ' Garlic, 2@3d per
lb; Green Okra, 50(J75c; Egg ; Plant, 75c(g$l 25
per box. - . ; • *.—t • .•
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated, , 16@18c; • granulated, . . raw, ■ 13c;
Onion*.' 60c;- Carrots, old, V 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; .Turnip*, ,25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes. We. " •
POULTRY AND GAME.
The only change is a decline In young stock,
■which is in too heavy supply. j
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@15c for • Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: young Turkeys.
ISo: Geese, per r>air, 75e<3)$l: Goslings. $1®
1 25; Ducks, $3@3 25 for old and $3@4 for young;
Hens, $4@5 50; Roosters, young, $5@5 50; Roos
ters, old, $4@4 50; • Fryers, $3@4; Broilers,
$2 50if?3 50 for large; $2i»2 50 for small; Pigeons,
$I@l 25 per dozen for young and old.
GAME— Nominal. ' •
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no further change in Butter. ' Eggs
rule firm at the advance. Cheese is tending
upward under reduced stocks.
BUTTER— ; . ;" , -
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 20c; seconds,
lS<!fl!»c. r\ ..-...-
Dairy— to fancy, 17®18c: common
grades, 15<S16c. .
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 14@15c per lb:
Elein, nominal.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, S@9c; old. 7@
7%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
S>-«*9i£c; Eastern. 12@13c. ■
EOGS— Ranch Eeks. 17@20c per dozen; store
Eggs. 13@15c; Eastern, 13@16c; Duck Eggs,
16<@17c. ......
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apricots are very firm at the prices, and the
season will soon be over.; Peaches on canning
account are -steady at the quotations below.
The same may be said of Pears. Melons are
still in light supply and high. Figs are very
scarce and the quotations are nominal. .Berries
are about the same. ...
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— '
Strawberries, $3@4 per chest for large
and $7 lor small. -.• > . -.>,-,
. Royal Anne Cherries, 50@60e per box.
Figs, per box for single and for
double layers.
Cantaloupes, $3@5 per crate and $1 25@1 50
per box; Nutmegs, $1 25@1 75 per box; Water
melons, $10@25 per hundred.
Huckleberries, 9@loc per lb.
Red Nectarines, $l@l 25; White Nectarines,
60@75c per box. . , ..
Fontainebleau Grapes from Vacaville. Ss@7sc
per crate. :
Blackberries. $3^4 50 per chest.
Currants. $2@3 50 per chest. ■ •
Plums, 40@75c per crate and 25@«0c per box.
Anricots, 40@'75c per box and $4"365 per ton
in bulk.
Peaches, 25(fj85c per box: 60@75c per basket; In
bulk, to canners, $25(g'40 for Freestones and $60
©75 for Clings. 1
Crabapples. 35@S0c per box.
Raspberries. $3 50g"6 per chest. ',
Apples, 35@60c for common, and 75c@$l 25 per
box for No. 1. . ' • .
Crabapples, 35(S'40c per box.
Bartlett Pears. \\®\ 25 per box and $25@30
per ton for No. 1. and 50@75c.per box for No. 2.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $1 25@1 60 for St.
Michaels, $I@l 25 for Mediterranean Sweets,
and 50et?$l 25 for Seedlings; ■ Lemons, $1 25@2
for common and $2 50i?J3 for. good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6: Bananas. $125@2. per
bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen:
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC. .
A few changes in old fruit will be seen.
The market continues quiet, though new Apri
cots are in quick demand at full figures.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lota, 4H
(Sac for 40-50' s. 4V i 'fi4 l for 50-60' s,3?it 4c for
60-70' s. 3V4@3Vjc for 70-80's; 2%@3cfor SO-90's; 2
(rj24c for 90-100' Peaches, 4®s>4c; peeled, 10®
12 ! ic; new Apricots, SHff9»4c for Royals; old
Apricots. s(^7c for Royals and B<gloc for good
to fancy Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 6%@
~c: sun dried, S'S4c; Black Figs, yin sacks, 2@
2Vic; Plums, 4ff4M.c for pitted and l@l%c for
unpitted; bleached Plums, Be; Nectarines, 311
4Vic for prime to fancy: Pears, 2 1 4<ff4V4c for
quarters and 3<sJsVsc for halves, according to
color, etc. ,■■■■'
RAISINS— 2©2Hc for two-crown, . 2',iW2»ic for
three-crown; 3(G3^c for four-crown, 3@4c for
Seedless Sultanas. 2li<J?3e2 l i<J?3e for Seedless Mus
catels and $l<g'l 15 for London layers; dried
Grapes. 2c. '
' Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell, 4@6c for
softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell; BUff?.-9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
5Uc for Eastern and 4^c for California: Pe
cans, SUiS'Se; Filberts. 9'4ff?loc; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per lb: Cocoaruts. $4 50<i?5 per 100.
- HONEY— Comb. 9filoc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 5%@
6c: lleht amber extracted, 4%@sVic per lb. ■
BEESWAX— 24ig26c per, lb. '
PROVISIONS.*
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 9»4c for light medium,'' 10c ' for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12y4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10%@llc; Cali
fornia Hams, 9H<gloc; Mess Beef. $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 DO; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12Vsc
per lb. ;' ■ "'• ?
Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per IT)
for compound and 8c for pure; palls, B%c;
California tierces, o^c per lb for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7>4c; 10-lb tins,
8c; 5-lb tins. SVic.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6*,@6%c; packages
less than 300 — 1-It> palls, 60 In a case, 9V4c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case, iß%c; 10-rb palls, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-lt)
tins, 1 or 2' In a case. ~%c; wooden buckets. 20
Its net, 8»/4c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, ~%c; half
barrels, about 110 rbs, ~\c per lb. . . . : 
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are weak and dealers say that If it
were not for the strong competition existing
among the local dealers values would decline
still further. .
The Eastern market is weak. The Shoe and
Leather Review, Chicago, of "July' 16, says:
"Conditions are all in the buyer's favor and
there is for the moment but one way to dis
cover the lowest price. That way is to make an
offer."
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10% c; medium. 9>4c; : light, 9c; Cow
hides. 9@9^c: Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
12c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, lSc;
Goatskins, 27^@30c; medium. 30c: winter, 10c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15ija'25c each: short wool.
30@40c each; medium, 60iS&0c; long wool, 90c@
$1 10 each: ■ Horsehides. salt, .$2 25 • for • larg«,
and $I@l 75 for small: Colts, 50c; Horsehides,
dry, $1 75 for large and , 75c@$l 25 for small;
Colts. 50c. . .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 7 3Vic per lb; No. 2,
2%c; retlned. 4%@4»ic; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips, Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free Northern, ■ 12c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months', 9@llc: San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months', 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12014 c; do, defective, 10@12c;
Middle county. 13$lGc; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15@17c; Nevada, 10<S14c; Eastern Oregon,
10<8'12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9^l2Hc per lb. .
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
■ BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 4%@4%c; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin. $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New ' Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos ■ Bay, • $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 In
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in
sacks.
RlCE— China mixed, $4 35©4 40; China No. 1,
$4 90«55 20; extra do, $5 30@5 60; Hawaiian, $6;
Japan. $5 SOifj-6 40; Louisiana, $5 60@6 50.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and, Fine Crushed,. 7c; Powdered, €He; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated. E%c; Confec
tioners' A. 6%c; Magnolia A, 6%c; Extra C,
6%c; Golden C, 5%c: California A. 5%c per lb;
half barrels, %c more than barrels, and boxes
%c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue. to decline : receipts being too
liberal. The other descriptions . are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for v dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First ' quality, 6Hc; second quality,
6V4@6c; third quality, 4V4@5V4c.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@7c per lb.
, MUTTON— Wethers, 7&@Sc; Ewes, 7@7%0
per lb. «;?»'■ y'"' ;: . •
LAMB— B@B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hors, 4Vjc for large, 4%c fot
medium and 4%@4%c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3V4c; dressed Hogs, 6@7&c. -
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, July 22.
Flour, qr ska ... 16,864 Hops, bales ...... IB
Barley, ctls 435 Wool, bales 199
Cheese, ctls ..... IS Pelts, bdls .; 240
Butter, ctls ..... 441 Hides, no 706
Potatoes, sks ... 4.190 Shorts,' sks ..... :23
Onions, sks ..... 617 Eggs, doz ....... 16,080
Middlings, sks .. 600 Quicksilver, risk. 120
Bran, sks 30 Leather, rolls ... - 75
Hay, tons 793 Lumber, ft ■• 10.000
Straw, tons .. 13 Wine, gals ..... 40,200
:.: ' ■ ♦ ■ ■ '••-;•■;.- .
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Eggs and Cheese are dearer. Butter Is un
changed.
Poultry Is rather cheaper, especially young
fowl. Meats are as last week. There- Is no
change In Fish.
Fruits and Vegetables show the usual weekly
fluctuations.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel J <f 12 00 |Castle Gate. s9 60®
Wellington . ®10 06 Southfield
Mew Welling- I Wellington ® 9 50
ton <s>lo 00 ICoos Bay © 7 oo
Seattle : 00@ 1 w W
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per Common Eggs.. — ®is
square 40<g>45 Ranch Eggs per
Do, per roll 35if— I doz 20®35
Do, good 3<Mf— ! Honey Comb Der
Cheese. Cal 10@12 lb UGblh
Cheese, Eastern.. 15@— Do, extracted ' S& 10
Cheese, Swiss 20@20
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12if17 I Pork, fresh 12015
Beef, choice 12(315 |Pork, salt VtSfU
Do, good 8«?10 Pork, chops 12515
Corned Beef Stiin |Round Steak 10@—
Ham, Cal 12>±'3\j Sirloin Steak 12^®—
Do. Eastern — BIS Porterhouse, do.. .17(^20
Lard 12@15 ?moked Beef — <gijs
Mutton — @10 Pork Sausages — ®20
Spring Lamb 12@— iV r eal 12@13
Poultrj' and Game —
Hens, each 50® 65|Turkeys, pr lb 18® 20
Toung Roost- Ducks, each... 40® 60
ers, each 60® 75 1 Geese, each... 73 @1 00
Old Roosters, '.Pigeons, jalr.. 25® 50
each 40@ 50 Rabbits, pair.. @ 40
Fryers, each.. 50© — Hare, each @ -<>
Broilers, each. 35# 40 1
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots, per 1b... 5@ 6 Limes, doz 12@15
Almonds, Ib .12<515 Vectarines, pr lb. B@lo
Apples, lb 4@ 6 Granges, doz U036
Blackberries, per Peaches, per 1b... 5@ S
drawer 30(535 Plums, lb *<S> 6
Bananas, doz 15A20 Raspberries, per
Currants, per bax.30040 drawer 35@40
Cantaloupes, eachls<ff2s Raisins, lb s<a>lo
Cherries, per 1b... 6® 8 strawberries, per
Figs, per lb 15(3 — ! drawer 25@50
Grapes, per 1b.... 5@ 8 Walnuts, lb 15ffi —
Uemons. doz 20@30i Watermelons, ech2o@3."
Vegetables —
Asparagus, lb 6@lo Lettuce, doz 15(ff2.>
Artichokes, doz. . .2m: m Green Okra, 1b. ...WaV2
Beets, doz 12015 Onions, lb Va ■">
Beans, white, lb.. 4(S> 5 Peppers, green 6<glO
Colored, lb 4@ 5 Potatoes, lb 2<S 3
Lima, lb 5« 6 Parsnips, doz 160*0
Tabbage, each s(ftld Radishes, dz bchs.lo6l2
raullflowere. each 5(510 Sage, doz bch5...25@35
>lery. bunch s<S— String Beans, lb.. 4<g> 8
>ess, doz bnchs..2o(S2.=; Summer Squash,
Cucumbers, doz. . . lOift ls f per lb 4<g> 5
Egg Plant, per lb Bft 10 1 rhyme, lb 20<f30
3reen Corn, doz... 15(530 ITurnips, doz 15520
Ureen Peas, 1b.... 3(ft ojromatoes, lb 6@ 8
Lentils, lb 6@ 81
Fish, per lb—
Barracuda B@loil!hrimps B@lo
"arp BfiM -had B<§lo
Codfish giffiO Sea Bass — @10
Flounders 6@ 8 Smelts 10(ffl2
Herring — <S— Soles B<g,lo
Halibut 10<Jfl2 Skates, each s<fflO
Kingfish — @10 rnmcod Wa —
Mackerel 12f§— :iams, gal — @50
Do, horse — <g>— Do. hardshell, 100.40@50
Perch 10@— ?rabs, each 10«15
Pompano 50<875 Do softshell. d0z.25(ff35
Rockflsh 12(315 Mussels, qt 10@12
Salmon, smoked.. 2o®— Shysters. Cal, 100.. 40@—
Salmon, fresh 15@20 Do, Eastern, d0z..25@40
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Btocks still drag along at the low
prices. Standard has declared a dividend of
10c, payable August 18. *
In local securities the sugar stocks were
several fractions firmer and Oceanic Steamship
was higher at $57 50.
The German Trust Company's semi-annual
dividend of $3 per share, at the rate of 6
per cent per annum, will be payable August 1.
The Savage Mining Company has re-elected
the old officers and directors, with George R.
Wells as president.
The stockholders of the Consolidated New
York Mining Company will hold a special
meeting on September 27, to vote upon a pro
position to diminish the capital stock from
$5,000,000. divided into 100,000 shares of the par
value of $100 each, to $100,000. divided into
100,000 shares of the par value of $1 each.
The Alaska-Treadwell Gold Mining Com
pany's statement for June shows that 22.76S
tons of ore were worked, the total product
being $64,455 in gold, an average of $2 83
a ton. Of the bullion obtained, $21,955 came
from the chlorination of 412 tons of concen
trates (sulphurets) saved in the mill.
A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Crown Point Mining Company has been called
for September 26, for the purpose of voting on
a proposition to diminish the capital stock from
$10,000,000, divided into 100,000 shares of $100
each, to $300,000, divided into 100,000 shares of
the par value of $3 each.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. July 22—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. olVt 53
4s quar coup. .llo 111 Pac Gas Imp.. 85% 86%
4s quar reg...Ho Ho\ Pac L Co 49 —
4s quar new. . .125y 4 126% S F G & E... 86% 86ft
Miscellaneous — San Fran 3% 3^4
Cal-st Cab ss. 112 «- Stock Gas 13 —
Cal El «s 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 05... — 100 Flrem's Fund. 2oo —
Pup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 128 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F& Cl Ry 65. 114 — Bank of Ca1..242%247%
Geary-st R os. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 96 97
II C& S 5%5..100 105 First Nat 200 —
L A L Co 6s. — 100 U>n P & A.... 127% —
Do gntd 6y.. 98 101 Mer Exchenge 10 15
Market-st 65.. 124 — Nev Nat B 156 162* i
Do Ist M 55.. 114% — Savings Banks—
Kat Vlu 6s lsts — 97% Ger S L L.. — 1600
NCNG Ry 7s. 104 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65..10S — | Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55.. 102 102% S F Say U.. 480 —
NPC R R 55. 100 102% £& L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 100 — iSecurity SB. 250 —
Do 2d is 55.. — 109%lUnlon T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6s 126 — I Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 107 — iCallfornla .... — 107
P&CI Ry 65. 103 — Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65... 119 — Market-st 53 53%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio — 8%
Bac Elecßyss.loO — Powder—
SFft N P 55. 106% — California ....145 160
BierraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 —
SPof Ar 65.. 104 — Giant Con Co. 48 48%
S P Cal 6s — 113 Vlgorit — 3>4
PPC la eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
S PUr 6s 114 114% Al Pac Assn.. 94 95
S V Wat 65... 117% — Hana P C 0.... 15% 15%
S V Wat 45... 102%— Ger Ld Wks..llo —
Stock Gas 65.. 100 — H C & S Co.. 23S 24
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 60V* 50»s
Contra Costa.. — 55 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marln Co SO — Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 98% 98% Oceanic S Co. 57% h~\
Gas & Klectrlc— Pac A F L.... 1% 2Y*
Ont Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0.. ..100 104
Mutual El Co. — 11 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning: Session.
20 Fireman's Fund Insurance 200 75
15 Hana Plantation Co 15 62%
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 51
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 25
5S F Gas & Electric Co 86 75
60 Spring Valley Water 98 00
16000 ! 8 F&X PRy Bnnds 106 75
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 114 25
Afternoon. Session
145 Giant Powder Con 47 50
250 do do 48 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 15 62%
275 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 7i
6 Hutchlnson S P C 0..... 50 37%
45 do do s 3 50 2-">
120 do do 50 25
265 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
SO Market-street Railway 63 25
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 19|200Ophlr 16
100 Mexican 11l
Afternoon Session
ICO Union Con 18 i 100 Mexican 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, July 22—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 03 Justice 04 05
Alta 08 09 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 03 05 Lady Wash ... — 02
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 11 13
Best & Belcher 18 20 Occidental TO 55
Bullion — 05 Ophtr 17 19
Caledonia. — 20 Overman a>> 06
Chollar 16 17 Potosi lfi n
Challenge Con. 11 14 Savage 12 14
Confidence — 36 Seg Belcher ... — 05
Con Cal & Va. 35 36 Scorpion 01 —
Con Imperial .. — 0? Sierra Nevada. 46 4S
Crown Point ..04 05 Silver Hill .... 03 05
Con New York. — 03 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 140 —
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 18 19
Gould & Curry- 05 06 Utah 02 04
Hale & Norcrs. 45 50 Yellow Jacket. 13 14
Julia — 02
■ m ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William F. J. and Babette Lageman to Ber
nard Mehl, lot on NE corner of Fillmore and
Hermann streets, N 24 by E 81:3; $10.
Philip O'Donnell to Mary O'Donnell, lot on
W line of Folsom street. 22:3% N of Twenty
third, N 20 by W 80; gift.
Frank H. and Sarah E. Loftis to John R.
Altken, lot on SE line of Bryant street. 412:6
SW of Seventh, SW 56:3 by SE 275; $20,000.
Charles Rlckoff to Lucy Rickoff, lot nn E line
of Stanyan street, 75 S of Alma avenue, S 25
by E 100, Clarendon Heights; $10.
Sol, Dora, Bernhard and Rose Getz to Au
gusta E. G. Nellson, lot on E corner of Vienna
and Persia streets, NE 25 by SE 100, block 64,
Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Thomas Clark to John W. Welch, lot 41,
block V, Park Lane Tract No. 2; $10.
Patrick and Sarah Hallinan to Henry and
Ellen Nonnenmann. lot on SE corner of Sixth
avenue and L street. E 50 by S 100, block 121,
Central Park Homestead: $1000.
Alameda County.
Action No. 14.754, Caroline Madsen vs. Ole
Marisen (by F. C. Jordan, County Clerk) to
Caroline Madsen (wife of Ole Madsen). all in
terest in lot on N line of Eighteenth street, 50
E of Market, E 60, N 50, W to a point 48 E
from E line of Market, thence S 14:6, E 2, S 36
to beginning, Oakland; grant.
John Q .and Howard W. Adams to Charles
S. Neal, lot on SE corner of East Fourteenth
street and Seventeenth avenue, SE 150 by S\V
140 East Oakland; also lot on NE corner of
Seventeenth avenue and East Twelfth street.
SE 150 by NE 140, block 12. East Oakland (deed
and assignment, being air interest as heirs at
law of Nellie A. Adams, deceased, as to above);
$2000.
James J. and Kate Carroll to Pacific Coast
Loan Association, lot on NW corner of Shasta
and Grove streets, W 120 by N 135, being a por
tion of block T, Alpine Tract, Oakland annex;
$1300.
Sarah A. McKee to Charles H. Kruger. lot on
N line of Stanley street, 234.91 E of Grove, N
129.50, E 108.14, S. 131.84, W 108.14 to- beginning,
being lots 9. 10 and the E 8.06 feet of lot 8,
block H, McKee Tract. Oakland annex; JSSO.
George Chalmers to Mary S. Chalmers, lot on
S line of Durant avenue, 100 W of Audubon
street, AY 50 by S 130, block 9. property of .Col
lege Homestead Association. Berkeley; gift.
Phi Delta Theta of Berkeley (a corporation)
to Frank S. Oliver, lot on SE corner of Durant
avenue and Choate street, E 110 by 8 90, block
10, College Homestead, Berkeley (quit-claim
deed): J2700.
Stephen G. Nye (executor of estate of Stephen
L. Peasley) to Emily A. V. Brownell. lot on W
line of Spaulding avenue, 505.2 S of Addlson
street, N ll'.. W 129.25. S 145. X 129.25 to be
ginning, being a portion of block 2, Spaulding
Tract. Berkeley; J790.
Christine Spreckels (trustee of Diedrich, Anna
J.. Louis, Agnes, F. A. and Henry P. Spreck
els) to Kate Lewis (wife of Joseph Lewis), 4.97
acres, being lot 6. O'Rourke Tract, Brooklyn
Township (quit-claim deed); $5.
Henry P. Spreckels to same, same; $5.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
Charles N. Wood, lot on N line of Simpson
avenue, 150 W of Telegraph avenue, W 50, X
111.97. E 5, S 111.92. to beginning, lot 38, Simp
son Tract, Oakland: $3771.
Kenneth and Marion L. Mackenzie to W. F.
Rudolph, lot on W line of San Pablo avenue,
200 N of Curve street. N 25. W 90.75. W 51.33.
S 25. E 60.58, E mo. to beginning, lot 5, block
A, Grove Tract, Oakland; $10.
William F. and Nevada L. Rudolph to Mar
ion L. Mackenzie (wife of X.), lot on W line
of Market street. 276 N of Twenty-second, N
28 by W 125, block 636, Oakland; $10.
F. J. and Dell C. Woodward, S. C. and H. J.
Martin and others (by commissioner) to Mary
K. Cummins, lot on SW line of East Seven
teenth street, 200 SE of Thirteenth avenue, SE
71.5, SW 100, Nff 71.5, NE 100, to beginning,
block — . Clinton, East Oakland; $345.
John P. Beckett to Melville Auerbach, lot o»
X line of Thlrtv-seventh street, 375 E of Mar
ket, E 37.50 by N 148. portion of lots 4 and 5,
Beckett's Second Addition to Oakland, Oakland
Annex: $465.
Same to Hiram M. Fetterhoff. lot on E line
of Thirty-seventh street, 450 E of Market, W
37.50, N 148, E 37.50, S 148, to beginning, being
the E 37.50 feet of lot 5 of Beckett's Second Ad
dition to Oakland, Oakland Annex: $465.
Builder's Contract.
P. Barman with William Helbing (contractor
and architect), all work for a two-story frame
building (two flats) on SE corner of Twenty
first and Chattanooga streets, 25xJ04; $3500.
John Shirley (owner) with Charles Dunlop
(contractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer,
lathing and plastering, etc., for a three-story
and basement frame building (eight flats) n
NW corner of Jackson and Jones, W 87:10 by
; ,->2:6; $S7Q.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. JULY 23.
Sun rises 6:06
Sun sets 7:27
Moon sets 9:36 p. m.
1:44
• 2:38
3*3S
5:05
6:50
L. W
1:05
2:07
7:56
8:35
9:16
10:01
10:59
H W
8:28
9:38
0
1J
2 :■
I:
3:.
4:
6.'
6.:
5.:
6.
t\~ —
o.:
— 0.:
18;|
1:
8.
3.
I:
7:
6 5.7
0 5.9
NOTE In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tl<J»
and the last or right .iand column gives th«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low watera.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hyflragraphic Office, TT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, July
22 1898.
The time ball was not dropped July 22 on
account of machinery being out of order.
CHARLES P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N.. In charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions 01" the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot o Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Eneign fretiredV U. S. N\. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Orizaba (Humboldt iJuly 23
"Wellington 'Departure Bay IJuly 23
Columbia [Portland July 24
Pomona i.>an Diego July 24
F»lton (Portland July 24
Titania N'anaimo Julj- 24
Lfelanaw ISt. Michael July ?5
THlamook [St. Michael July 25 .
Humboldt St. Michael July »
■Walla Walla... i Victoria & Puget Sound; July 26
Homer... INewport IJuly 28
Aztec IChlna and Japan i.Tuly 2«
Chllkat 'Kumboldt IJulv 26
■Willamette Seattle Tuly 2«
Maripnsa ISydney iJuly 27
State Californlal Portland IJuly 2S
Santa Rosa ISan Dleg-o IJuly 28
Crescent rity.. . irrescent City IJuly 23
Mackinaw iTacoma July 2S
Arcata iCoos Bay July 2S
San Bias (Panama !July 29
Coos Bay (Newport IJuly 30
North Fork 'Humboldt ! Aug. 1
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. I Pier.
.rcata Coos Bay July 24. 10 amlPler 13
'oos Bay...', Newport July 24, 9 am;Pler 11
fueen Vie & Pgt Sd. July 25. lOam'Plfr 9
irizaba iHumboldt July 25. 10 amPier 9
'ultnn !Ore*nn Ports.l July 26, Sam Pier 20
Jorth ForkiHumboldt JJuly 26. 9 amjPler ]
olumbla ..;Portland IJuly 26, 10 amPier 12
omona 'San Plepo [July 26, 11 am Pier 11
(aellc :Chlna& Japan July 26, 1 pm'PMSS
tarhuck ..'Panama July 2S, 12 miPMSS
[omer INewport I.Tuly 2S. 9 ami Pier 11
hilkat ... 'HumhoMt .... July 28, 9amiPlerl3
anta Rosa' Pan IMeRo 'July 30, 11 amjPier 11
tate of Cal|Portlan<i iJuly 30. 10 am Pier 12
t'alla W....|Vlc & Pgrt Srt.Muly 30. WamPier 9
Steamer.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
. - .■:.. Friday. July 22.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, 82 hours from Newport:,
and way ports.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 25 hour-- from Eu
reka. '
Stmr Arcata, Reed, 48 hours from Coos Bay,
via Port Orford »' hours.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 14 hours from
Greenwood. " . •' ';■
Schr Joseph and Henry, Arff, 50 hours from
Cnquille River
Schr • Mary C, ■ Campbell, 6 hours from - Bo- ;
Unas.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 16 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday, July 21.
■Br Rtmr : Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmulr's Sons Co.
SAILED. A
Friday, July*Js.
' Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, .' Horla.
Stmr Chilkat. Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwl"™. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Czarina. Seaman.
. Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Ship J B Brown, Marden, Port Angeles.
Schr Nettle Sundborp Johnson.
Schr Albion, Goodman.
Schr Laura Madsen. Rasmussen, Port Town««
end. 1
Schr Annie M Campbell, Fridberg, Port
Townsend.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— 22. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind W; velocity 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Consuelo loads mdse for Mahukona. '
The Bertha loads lumber on the Sound lor
.Valparaiso, 43s 9d; Northwest, lumber at Che
mainus for Santa Rosalia.
SPOKEN.
Per Haw ship John Ena at Port Blakeley—
July 11— 41' 24 N 140 08 W. bktn Ruth, hence
July 1 for St Michael.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
A— Arrived July 22— Stmr .Newburg,
"neWPORT— Arrived July 22— Stmr Westport,
from Bear Harbor.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived July 22— Stmr Co
quille River, hence July 21.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived July .2— Schr
I Monterey, hence 'ily 20.
REDONDO— SaiIed July Schr Sadie," for
I Umpqua. : ■ ' .■> *»k» k
POINT REYES— Passed July Stmr News
boy from V sal for San Francisco. " •
• PORT. LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 22— '
Alcatraz. from Westport. : ....
. EUREKA— SaiIed . July Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco. •
Arrived? July 22— Schr Serena Thayer, from
San Pedro. ■ ■■■-.■ . -. \ x
VENTURA— Arrived July 22— Stmr G Loomis
hence July 21, and sailed for San Francisco '
ASTORIA— SaiIed July Stmrs Fulton and
Columbia for San Francisco; stmr Elsmore
. PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived July Bktn
Eureka; from Honolulu. ■ ..-*■ < ,
i. EVERETT— SaiIed July 22— Schr Alcalde, for
San- Francisco. . .
POINT ARENA— Arrived July 22— Green
wood, from Port -Los Angeles. ' -
FORT BRAGG— July 22— Schr Ida
Schnauer. . for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived July 22— Schr Bertha Dol
beer, from Newport.
. ' ' ' EASTERN PORTS. h\t - :': '
. BALTIMORE— CIeared July 21— Ship . Shenan
doah, i for San Francisco.
' .. FOREIGN. PORTS.
SWANSEA— Arrived July. 21— Br" ship Glen
lui, from Antwerp. - < " - " --
■ ".~~Z33d£S ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
fro L n l^e R w P^°orl<- ArrlVed JU ' y 22 " Stmr BWIC r ,
! 'r a pNr»A i 22— Stmr Nomadic, for New York .
he^^^fTo^^w^rk"- 811111 - ™*° r f*
pa Q nVa^fr; S m T^-Y A o r^ Ve(J juiy 22 - stmr Cam-: \
hS^^S&IL" I**1 ** July "*■ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FUNERAL OF
THE VICTIMS
All the County Honored
the Brave Deputies.
EULOGY BY DR. CHAPMAN
CHILDREN'S SOBS BREAK JHE
SILENCE IN THE CHURCH.
Largest Attended and Most Impos
ing Cortege Ever Seen in
the County of
Alameda.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 22.
All business was suspended this after
noon during the time occupied by the fu
neral services over the five deputies who
lost the-tr lives in Monday's catastrophe.
Not since the birth of the city forty-six
years ago has there been such a general
demonstration of respect as was shown to
the remains of the brave fellows who died
doing their duty. To the solemn music of
the bells In the flrehouse tower and
through tho streets, on either side of
which were displayed many drooping flags
at half-mast, the cortege proceeded from
the courthouse to the church. Thousands
of people lined the sidewalks, and had the
First Congregational Church been many
times Its size It could not have held all
■who wished to be present at the final
ceremonies. ' V ' '
No procession in this county ever. more
truly represented the various elements of
Its official and social life. It was the most
positive evidence of the respect in which
the deceased were hold that could possibly
be put forward. The cortege was headed
by a line of police officers, in command of
Chief Fletcher and Captains Wilson and
Carson, in full but draped uniform. Fol
lowing them were three Superior Judges
who are at present on duty, Judge Oeuen
being away on a vacation. This is the
first time that the bench of Alameda
County has ever marched on foot at any
public funeral.
After the bench came the Supervisors,
■with the exception of Mr. Roeth. Then In
separate lines marched the. heads of the
different departments of the county gov
ernment and their deputies. After the
officials marched a body of Oakland
most prominent citizens, numbering sev
eral hundred, and then came the three
hearses, abreast, with the remains of
Charles White in the middle, J. J. Lerrl
to the left and George C. Woodsumon me
right. Large delegations of Order of Na
tional Union, Knights of Pythias, Odd
Fellows and Woodmen of the World were
also in line, all with draped flags and in
signia The procession ended with a vast
string of vehicles reaching several blocks,
in which were people from all parts of the
county. _j_ • '■ '•»";
The First Congregational Church was
filled before the procession arrived. The
organ loft and the choir were one mass
of floral offerings, the most prominent
being a piece pent by the county officials,
which stood nine feet high and consisted
of a floral board on a floral easel. On a
white background was woven in purple
immortelles the following inscription:
"Brave and true, C. M. White, George
C Woodsum, D. C. Cameron, J. J. Lerri.
Gus Koch." J-arge floral pieces of beau
tiful design were also sent by the different j
lodges with which the deceased were con
nected and by friends of citizens from
all parts of the county. ...-;
When the services opened every aisle
and every corner was Jammed with peo
ple, while thousands were forced to re
main outside. The three caskets were
placed in front of the choir and were cov
ered with flowers before the ceremony
commenced. The relatives of the deceased
v. • re present and nothing broke the pain
ful stillness except the mournful tolling
of the bell and the occasional sobs from
the younger children of the late Deputy
Sheriff Lerri. ,- ■
The church choir sang Lead, Kindly
Light." In such tender tones that at its
close hundreds of handkerchiefs were be
ing pressed to sorrowful eyes. Rev. C. R.
Brown invoked a blessing on those who
were left behind, and Rev. C. 11. Hill
prayed in the same spirit. The Masonic
quartet, composed of friends of the de
ceased, sang Beyond the smiling and the
weeping." after which Rev. Dr. Pierce of
BerKeley made a short address as the
representative from the late George
Woodsum's lodge. He referred briefly to
the Incident which had caused the de
ceased to lay down their lives at the call
of duty, stating that they had done it
that the safety of others might be pre
served.
Rev. Dr. Dille spoke a few words on the
great lesson taught by death In this in
stance, saying: "It has wiped away all
differences of sect, of opinions and of
caste. These noble fellows gave all they
had to give, and surely God will ac-
__ s _
REALTY MEN
ARE HOPEFUL
Building Operations on
the Increase.
A BRIGHTER ERA PREDICTED.
OF THE GENERAL
REAL ESTATE MARKET.
Review of the Records, New Build
ing Contracts, Recent Sales
and Other Note* of
Interest.
The sole business of the real estate
market at present seems to be absorbed
In a Roneral effort of brokers in fathom
ing the present stagnation and deducting
and advancing some encourageing and
satisfactory conclusion as a sort of pro
phecy for Rood times in store for the Im
mediate future. Some advanced the the
ory that the Hawaiian annexation treaty
is one of the coming and destined sources
of salvation, others to still other sources
of like nature; but before any beneficial
effects can -be had In this or other direc
tions the market shall, in all probability,
have worked Its own destination to suc
cess.
The opening of the new ferry depot,
however, will have an immediate and
salutary effect In improving the valua
tion of property around and in the imme
diate vicinity of the water front. Exten
sive building improvements have already
been planned by property-owners and will
be In keeping with the general surround
ings. After the old buildings now in
front of the new depot are demolished the
aspect of the general water front will
hftre assumed an entirely different ap
ijfarance.
Building operations are still steadily
increasing throughout the city generally
and reality brokers predict an era of
prosperity in this department of their
business. Hayes Valley and vicinity
knowledge our obligations to them. These
men belong not to their immediate fam
ilies alone, they belong to us and to the
world. It is such men as these who leave
a legacy more precious than gold. They
have done their duty and have died for
It, and no man can do more." ;"Cr ■
In conclusion Dr. Dille drew a compari
son between the dead officers and the
heroes that have been brought into promi
nence by the incidents of the present
war. • . •:■ .
Dr. E. S. Chapman, who was, chosen to
deliver the eulogy, was the next speaker.
He said:
In all the history of our city such a seen©
as this was never before witnessed. No
funeral train so vast, bo thoroughly
representative of all classes of society and
so truly and deeply sympathetic, ever be
fore blocked our streets and taxed to its
utmost our largest auditorium. A church
altar so crowded with somber caskets all
enwreathed and bedecked by floral tributes
of love and esteem has been heretofore un
known.
There ie a- deep significance in all this
solemn and impressive pageantry. It means
more than an ordinary tribute of regard for
the recently departed. It is not the court
we pay to what is known as worldly great
ness. We have not met to Bound the praises
of those who have attained great eminence
in fields of learning or of statecraft or on
the field of battle, or of those who have
been favored with large natural endow
ments. Our fallen brother* were plain,
common men like ourselves. And yet we
bow In reverence In the presence of their
silent remains to-day, and honor them with
our tributes of appreciation and esteem.
It ie our tribute of regard for true, manly
courage.
". Our fallen brothers were each an em
bodiment of such manly courage. They
knew and appreciated the danger which
confronted them. They were not unmindful
of It; they were not Indifferent to It. They
• realized it in all its unwelcome aspects, and
yet they faced the peril with nerves of steel
and hearts that would not shrink. But that
courage shines with a brighter glow when
we remember that it was exercised In un
faltering fidelity to a sacred public trust.
Into the hands of these men we commit
ted the Interests of human society. It wa»
theirs, at every sacrifice and in the face
of every danger, to ferret out and bring to
just and righteous ; Judgment all whose
character and deeds endangered the peace
and security of the community. They rec
ognized the sacredness of that trust, and
at the peril and even the sacrifice of their
lives they were unfalteringly faithful. "A
public office is a public trust" are the great
words of a great American statesman. It
seems so easy for many in these days to
forget this truth, and when exalted to high
stations and made the custodians of great
public interests to consult their own selfish
ends at the sacrifice of public trust. A
true and faithful public official is entitled
to the profound admiration and esteem and
confidence of all his fellow men. Nowhere
does manhood shine with a brighter luster
than In the faithful public official. God
give us men, men whom the lust of office
will not kill; men whom the spoils of office
cannot buy; men who possess opinions and
a will; men of honor; men who will not He.
We pay our tribute •of regard to the
courageous, manly fidelity of our fallen
brothers, and commend their heroic example
to all who may come after them. What a
lesson do we here learn respecting the ter
rible price at which our peace and security
are purchased. In the mad act of this Mon
golian maniac we see an illustration of the
perils with which the Interests of human
society are constantly assailed, and in the
red glare of this early morning explosion we
read the etory of the perpetual peril which
besets the guardians of our security and
peace. ' We are too wont to overlook or for
get these things. We sleep securely on the
ocean steamer, unmindful of the man on
guard whose constant vigil secures us from
the perils that environ our way as we pass
on securely over rugged- rocks where, lean
and gaunt, death leers beneath the glassy
sea. We ride securely on the flying train,
rocked to sweet . repose by Its rapid move
ments, forgetful of the man whose eye
constantly rests on the shiny track
through all the weary watches of . the
night. We rest securely in our homes and
rejoice In the value of our possessions, too
often Indifferent to the dangers which con
front the men whom we have placed on
guard and by whose unfaltering . fidelity In
the midst of every peril our interests are
kept in security. •. ■ .
BERKELEY, July Berkeley was in
mournine to-day over the death of
George Woodsum. All public offices and
business houses were closed at noon as
a mark of public esteem. The funeral
procession, which carried the remains to
Oakland, formed a little before 12 o'clock
in front of Odd Fellows' Hall. There had
assembled the fraternal orders and fire
men, together with friends and relatives.
Just as the clock. struck noon., the .bells
on th« fir* companies' buildings to ■
toll and the solemn procession marched'
in state to join the larger one which
formed in Oakland. •■•■_■'
—♦ • ■
RESPECTED BY ALL.
County Officials Express Their
Regard for the Dead
Deputies.
The committee appointed by the county
officials to draft suitable resolutions to be
sent to the families of the deceased, pre
sented the following to the officials this
morning, and their report was unanimous
ly adopted:
Whereas, Through a most intimate acquaint
ance with the deceased, we had come to ad
mire them, not only fur their manly courage
and fearless and faithful discharge of their
official duties, hut also for their kindly, cour
teous and gentlemanly conduct in their MClal
and business .relations with all who had occa
sion to meet them; therefore, be it
Resolved, P.y up, the county officers of the
County of Alameda. now assembled In respect
and honor to the memory of the deceased, that
we hereby extend to the families of each of
the deceased, and especially to Sheriff ('ilvin
B. White, our sincere and heartfelt sympathy
for them In this occasion of grief and afflic
tion, and that we do now take this occasion to
bear evidence how much we. each and all of us,
mourn the untimely and heartrending end of
men who were held in the highest regard and
esteem, both as officers and gentlemen, by all
who knew them; be it further
Resolved. That we do attend in a body the
services to be held this day over the remains
seems to be the section affected, as over
forty houses and other buildings are
either In process of construction or un
dergoing remodeling.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were fifty-nine mort
gages and trust deeds recorded, amounting to
1206,690. For the same period forty-seven re
leases and reconveyances passed to record, in
the total sum of $276,224.
The principal morteages and trust deeds are
as follows: By the Hlbernla Savings and Loan
Society to Davis Brothers, $9f1.000 for 1 year at
61-!!6 1 -!! per cent on property in the 50 vara block
97. situated on the northeasterly corner of
Grant avenue and Geary street, east 40:7, north
60, east l!<:r>. north 60:6. west 60 and south
122:6; by the Hlbernla Savings and Loan So
ciety to game. $30,000 for 1 year at 6>£ per cent
on property as mentioned above; by the Ger
man Savings and Loan Society to John and
Julia Doelger. $4.'M for 1 year at 7 per cent on
property In the 50 vnra block IS6. situated on
th» southwest corner of Pacific and Mason
streets, west 6S by south 22: by George L.
Payne to William J. Ktlllp. JiO.nnn nn propert>
In M vara block 251, O. L. Mo k 3«9, Western Ad
dition block 441 and the One Hundred block
359, situated respectively on the northerly line
of Pout, 137:6 feet wrst of Jones, east 22:11 by
north (■>«:?; on the northeast corner of D street
and Tenth avenue, north 600 hy east 120; on
the southwest corner of Waller and S'-ott, south
32:6 by west 116:3 and the northwesterly line of
Hrannan. 2.".1 fer-t southwest of Second, south
west 46 by northwest i:i7:fi: hy Frank E. Pea
body to Peter W. and Dorothea Watson, $3000
for 6 years and 6 1 -. per cent on property In
the One Hundred block 3:i!'. situated on the
corner of Brannan and Gilbert, northeast SO
by southeast 75; by O. H. «r<?enwa!d to John
L. and Pauline Bowen. $2600 for 2 years at S
per cent on property situated on the northerly
line of Twenty-sixth, 100 feet east of Castro,
east 25 by north 114: by the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society to Thomas E. Flynn, $400<i for
1 year at fiVi per "cent on property In Mission
block 26, situated on the westerly line of Va
lencia street. ::<"• feet BOUth of Thirteenth,
pouth 2",:6 by west 80; by the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society to Jessie F. Dletsch, $4000
for 1 year at 6'^ per cent on property in Mis-
Fion block 199, situated on the southerly line of
Twenty-sixth. 142:6 feet, south 120.
Tho principal releases and mortgages record
ed during the week are as follows: From the
Hibernla Bank to Emlle V. and Helen Ixinlgo,
$6500 on property InMhe Western Addition block
S3O. situated on the southeast corner of Spruce
and Washington, east 137:6 by south 127.8^4; by
the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
William M. Meeks, JIK.r-on n property in the
M vara block 144, situated on the southerly
line of O'Farrell. 137:0 feet west of Stockton.
west 137:6 by south 137:6; from the Hibernia
Savinss and Loan Society to Daviß Bros., $IRT,.
fion on property situated on the northeast corner
of Geary street and Grant avenue, east 40:7.
north 60. east 13:.".. north 62:6. west R0 and
south 122:6: from the Rociete Franoaise to John
Wright. $SMO on property in the Western Ad
dition block 53, situated on the northwest cor
ner of Sacramento and Polk streets, west 53 3
by north 67:4'^: from the Security Savings
Bank to Henry Gibbons Jr., $4000 on property
In Western Addition block 12, situated on the
northerly line of Post, 137:6 feet east of Polk,
east 48:9 by north 120; from the Hibernia Sav
ings nnd Loan Society to Emlle Bauer, $7500
on property In the Western Addition block 3.".8.
situated on the northerly line of Geary. 94:6
feet east of Stelner, east 94:6 by north 150.
RECENT SALES.
The only sale of any importance negotiated
during the past week was that made by the
firm of Shalnwald & Buckbee of the outside
land property of the Sutro estate, located
south of the Park. The sale was made by the
firm yesterday afternoon and involves a total
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
of the deceased at the First Congregational
Church of Oakland.
CARLTON W. GREENB,
O. M. SANFORD,
J. J. HANIFIN' JR..
Committee on Resolutions.
HERMIT DIES
IN HIS HIT
Orrin Dunham Had Been
Dead Many Days.
LIVED FOR NINETY YEARS
A CHARACTEB IN OAKLAND
FOR HALF A CENTURY.
Made Himself Very Conspicuous by
Wearing a Cloak Fastened
With a Chain and
Padlock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, July 22.
Orrin 8. Dunham, the aged hermit of
Franklin street, was found dead in his
hovel this afternoon. There Is no doubt
that he died several days ago, although
he was not missed till to-day.
For probably half a century Dunham
had been a well known character In this
city. He is supposed to have been about
90 years of age, and was known to every
body. For many years he resided in a lit
tle hut on Franklin street, near the water
front. »He lived all alone and showed
much eccentricity in the collection of lit
tle curiosities. His shanty is a veritable
museum, though it is difficult to imagine
what interest any one could take in
three-quarters of the stuff he col
lected. Probably eacn one of the rusty
pieces of iron work, crockery, wooden or
naments and a thousand other things are
Invested with an interesting little history,
but all such knowledge has died with the
old man, and the labors of many years
now represent nothing more valuable than
a cartload of old junk.
Last Saturday night some residents on
the water front saw Orrin Dunham, and
since then he had not been on the street
nor in any of his old haunts. To-day the
suspicions of some of his neighbors were
aroused and they forced an opening and
discovered the eorpo» of the o»a man l"ing
on the bed. The condition of the body
caused the Coroner to believe that Dun
ham had died shortly after being last
seen on the street.
The deceased is supposed to have been
born when this century was but a few
years old. One of his daughters was the
wife of Ned Thayer, and it is believed he
had other relatives in this State. The
body was taken to the morgue, where an
inquest will be held.
Dunham had lived In the same house
for forty years. One of his peculiarities
was In his manner of dress. He fre
quently wore a lady's cloak fastened at
the throat with a padlock and chain.
COUNTY CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
Populists to Meet Thursday Next for
Organization — One Vacancy to
Fill.
OAKLAND. July 22.— The death of Dep
! uty Sheriff Charles White leaves a va
> cancy in the Populist County Central
• Committee from the Forty-eighth As
sembly District. . The new committee
which will handle the State campaign in
this county, with this exception, is as
j follows:
Forty-sixth— G. Toyne, O. W. Kraft, N. P.
Nelson. M. R. Lyle and W. R. Downing 1 .
Forty-seventh — G. R. Read, N. J. Manson,
J. Aubrey Jones, J. E. Taylor and R. B.
! Forty- eighth— A. M. Stoddard, P. B. Preble,
F. J. Gregory ami I. D. Shepherd.
Forty-ninth— Robert Stuart, J. Gelder. W. R,
Batten, Fred T. Hale and J. U. Oberir.
Fiftieth— Dr. R. Hesse, A. HoenUch, B. C.
Allyn, J. Grlmmins and S. R. Nichols.
Fifty-first— J. C. Estey, J. L.. Pallnhaum. A.
C. C. Krufgfr, 3. M. Doyle and M. 1... Gray.
A meeting will be held next Thursday
evening for organization. A 11%-ely time
is anticipated over the selection of a
I chairman between the fusionists and the
; middle-of-the-roadsters. F. J. Gregory of
the former is claiming to be in the lead.
Change of Postmasters.
OAKLAND. July 22.— Postmaster J. J.
i White will transfer all Government prop
, erty to W. H. Friend on Sunday next.
, Government Inspector Munro will invoice
the stock on hand, and Mr. Friend will be
i required to receipt for that amount.
Charles O. Alexander will be the as
i sistant postmaster, but Mr. Martin, the
j Incumbent, will be retained for a month at
! least.
Public Schools to Open.
( OAKLAND. July 22.— The public schools
i. will open on Monday. The new district
j system will be inaugurated at that time.
This allows parents to choose the schoool
value of $54.2. r >n. The property sold comprises
nine full hlor-ks and a fractional block front
ing nn the H street electric railroad, between
Thirty-fourth avenue and the ocean. The
blocks form a part of the general estate of
Adolph Sutro and their sale yesterday re
ceived the approbation and confirmation of the
Probate Court. The buyers and the prices ob
tained for the property are recorded as follows:
Names— Blocks. Price.
A. F. Morrison and C. E. Green.. 63S $S,VH)
.T E. Green 637 5.500
Henry Esberg 626 and 627 11,250
Henry St. Goar and Edward Pol
lltz 639 6,500
R. B. Mitchell and T. G. Crothers..62B 6.500
P. C. Buckbee 629 6.500
G. W. Kline 635 and 636 11.000
Daniel Roth portion 633 4.500
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Corner of Mission and Beventh streets —
Structural and iron work for the new Post
office building; owner. I'nited States Govern
ment; contractor, Marshall & Co.; cost. J1M. 715.
Northwest corner of Sickels avenue and Sears
street, northwest 65 by northeast 105 — All work
for a 1-Btory frame cottage; owner, James J.
Casserly; architect, plans by contractor; con
tractor, Douglass & Co. ; cost, $1,245.
Lexington avenue, between Nineteenth and
Twentieth— All work for alterations and addi
tions to a 1-story frame building; owner, J.
Kchmit; architect. C. A. Meussdorffer; con
tractors, Wheeler & Kennedy; cost. $960.
Southwest corner of Rush nnd Natoma streets
—All work excepting plumbing, gasflttlng,
painting, plastering, brick work and grading
for additions to a frame building; owner, The
resa Murphy; architect, M. .7. Welsh; con
tractor. A. McDonald: cost, $1-100.
Southerly line of Crescent avenue. 60 feet
west of Roscoe, west 53:10>4 by south 84 de
grees 48 minutes "5:5, by east 47:1, by north
7f, — All work for a 6-room frame cottage;
owner. Fred C. Douglass; contractor, Erick
Boes: onst. $1370.
Westerly line or Main, near Harrison. 4Sx
137:6— Labor required to demolish and cart to
new location the present Postofflce building at
foot of Market street and for building a tool
houfe out of old material, with all carpentry,
brick work, plumbing, etc.; owner, J. MeMul
len; architect. J. W. Rowell: contractors,
Moore & Cameron: cost, $1250.
RANDOM NOTES.
In the ninth annual report of the Bay City
Building and Loan Association, recently for
warder, places the assets of the year at $96.-
B ■ M, the mortgages at $79,200 and the real
estate at $10,172 84.
Homestead declarations were filed during tbe
week as follows: By Hugh W. Burke, $2000,
on property situated on the »mithprlv line of
HIM street. ITS:" feet westerly from Church: by
Elizabeth Smith. J2SOO, on property situated
on the westerly line of Diamond street. 59 feet
nouth of Essex: by Frank Rrowell. $2500, on
property situated on the southerly line of Lom
bard street. 137:6 west of Kearny: by Mrs. Es
telle E. Reid. $2000. on property situated on
the westerly line of Fifth avenue, 200 feet north
of Clement street.
Bids for the erection of new additions to the
laboratory at the State University at Berkeley
have closed and the contract awarded to C.
and W. Williams for $10,845.
Mrs. Stanford Intends erecting a library and
grand assembly bonding at the University.
Georpf- Robins has leased the premises at
f>2) Market street for six years to Auoiph Ot
tutfter at G2G a month.
John Johnson has abandoned his nemestead
on the northwest corner of lot 42, Mock 6. of
the Flint tract, and Frederick W. E. and Mary
E. Ruhllng their homestead on the north lin*
of Haipht street, 125 feet west of Webster.
A number of the public schools are undergo
ing repairs during the vacation. At the W!n
fleld Scott, on Lombard street, new plumbing
to which their children may be sent
within the various districts. If one
school has too many the City Superin
tendent transfers some of them. If the
parents are not satisfied they may make
a second choice within their district.
East Oakland constitutes one district, all
south of Seventh street a second one and
the balance of the cRy a third.
SCHAEFER A FREE MAN.
A Peculiar Telegram Causes Him to
Hunt Up His Children and Wife.
OAKLAND. July 22.— Owing to the death
of Deputy Sheriff White, the only eye
witness to the assault by Alfonso Shaefer
to murder J. J. Hurt, the Wyoming cat
tleman, in the Superior Court room, the
charge against Shaefer was dismissed in
the Police Court this morning.
It was during the sensational trial when
Hurt was trying to secure the control of
his minor children that Schaefer drew a
revolver. Deputy Sheriff White unex
pectedly opened the door behind him, and
seeing what was about to happen, threw
his arms around the man, drawing the
gun to his side, with the remark:
"None of that in here."
White almost threw the man out of the
door and took him to Jail. Hurt was
not aware of his danger until told of
it afterward. Without the testimony of
Mr. White there was nothing to con
vict Schaefer.
Just before his discharge Schaefer re
ceived a telegram signed "J. J. Hurt,
train 3." It was dated at Omaha this
morning, and was addressed: "Alfonso
Schaefer, City Hall, Oakland." It read:
"If they turn you loose, go and live with
your wife, and if they arrest you, sue
them for $50,000."
Schaefer claims to be at a loss to know
what it means. He feared that Hurt had
taken the children and Mrs. Schaefer
back East with him, but a telephone mes
sage to Mills College brought a reply that
the children were still there. He then
started for San Leandro to ascertain if
his wife was at home.
Mrs. Schaefer was at home, and now
the two are wondering what was the
meaning of such a message.
J. F. Evans Withholds Papers.
OAKLAND, July 22.— Joseph F. Evans,
an attorney living at 1668 Webster street,
formerly a representative of Mrs. Jane
K. Sather, was to-day sued by that lady
for the recovery of 110 documents which
she alleges that he withholds from her.
They are statements of her standing with
W. J. Dingee. and are valued at $25,000.
Mrs. Sather gave the papers to Mr.
Evans on Sepetember 21, 1?97, and yes
terday she demanded them, but failed to
get them. Mr. Evans has recently been
appointed Collector of Customs for Ma
nila.
A "Noon Best" for Women.
OAKLAND. July 22.— The Women's
Christian Temperance T'nion, which is a
non-sectarian organization, co-operating
with the churches to suppress intemper
ance by educational and evangelical
methods, invited all women who are en
gaged uptown during the day to make use
of their "noon rest" rooms in the Playter
block. They have fitted up rooms 64 and
65 on the second floor for headquarters,
and will keep It open daily. It is supplied
with reading matter, such as books, news
papers and magazines, and ladies carrying
lunches will be welcomed. It is situated
at the intersection of Broadway, San
Pablo avenue and Fourteenth street.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, July 22.— The balance of the
wooden blocks were laid on East Twelfth
street this afternoon. Some repairing is
necessary between Tenth and Eleventh
avenues, when the street will be com
pleted, except between the street car
tracks.
Mrs. C. V. Harney of 1507 Twenty-seo
ond avenue was badly burned about the
face and hands this morning by the ex
plosion of a gasoline stove she was using.
The department extinguished the fire with
a loss of about $150.
Carpenters have been at work on the
Melrose School house, and it will be
ready for the opening of school next Mon
day. One room will not be needed, as
the pupils now attend the new Dewey
School in the Bray district.
Deputy County Clerk F. R. Danforth of
San Francisco inquired by mall to-day
of County Clerk Jordan If Howard R.
Jackson of San Francisco had secured a
marriage license during the month of
June, and the name of the lady. On the
22d of June he secured the document to
wed Miss Sophia Faber of San Francisco,
and gave the age of both aa 24.
» » ■
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July 22.— William Larry of
West Berkeley was arrested to-day by
Officer Rawson and taken to the County
Jail upon four charges of petty larceny
appropriating wooden sidewalks for fuel.
One of the first experiments made by
the town to increase its water supply has
resulted very favorably. The well sunk
■on San Pablo avenue, near Hopkins
street, is now being used, an engine hav
ing been erected capable of pumping 4000
gallons an hour. The water from this
source will be taken for sprinkling San
Pablo and University avenues, the Super
intendent of Streets estimating that it
will save the town at least $20 per day.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, July 22.— The Board of
City Trustees will meet In special session
this evening to discuss the Alice-street
bridge matter and the applications for a
reduction of the liquor license.
Mrs. Ada Bowen Paxson. widow of the
late Charles H. Paxson, died this morn
ing at her home, corner of San Jose
avenue and Regent street.
Is being placed, yard planking Is being laid,
sheds are being built and the building Is being
painted. The Irving Primary, on Broadway,
between Montgomery and Sansome streetß, is i
being put in good sanitary condition. At the ;
Washington Grammar, on the corner of Wa-><h- j
lngton and Mason streetß, new vaults are being
placed and general repairs are being made. ]
The Lincoln school building, on Fifth street,
la also to be put In sanitary condition and the :
walls are to be calcimlned. The work la in
charge of J. T. Welsh, the architect.
LILLIAN BLAIR SHEDS
SOME REAL TEARS
OBLIGED TO BID A HIGH PRICE
FOB, HER PRESENTS.
Goods Sent Her by General Barillos
Auctioned Off to Pay Custom
Duties and Storage.
The regular auction sale of unclaimed
goods held In the custody of the United
States for over one year took place at the
Appraiser's building yesterday morning,
and among them was one lot, the sale of
which created a great deal of comment.
It was listed in the catalogue as lot 17,
consisting of 2 lady's silk suits, 3 lady's
wool suits, 3 lady's silk hats, 1 straw hat
and 1 bonnet. The goods were purchased
In Paris and shipped in bond by General
Barillos of Guatemala to Lillian Blair at
San Francisco. They were appraised at
$404 3fi and home value $650 86, leaving a
duty of $14fi 50. This, with the transporta
tion, storage and incidental charges,
would bring the amount to be paid before
delivery close to the $300 marlfi
Lillian evidently did not care to pay
such a price for her presents, and accord
ingly let them lie in the storehouse until
they would be put up at auction, when
she might take her chances of getting
them for a song.
When lot 17 was put up she was on the
ground, accompanied by Ford Thomas, a
prominent broker. She at once bid $10 on
the lot, which was raised to $23 in small
bids. When her opponent found he was
bidding against a lady he quit, but the
bidding was kept up by other parties from
time to time until it reached $100. when all
dropped off with the exception of James
Feore, who kept things going at a lively
pace until the price was up to $200. when
he dropped out and Lillian got her silks
for $202.
The bidding interested everybody in the
crowd, as with each bid the lady became
more excited, often making blunders and
lowering the price instead of raising it,
and several times her lips quivered and
tears would force themselves into her
eyes as she saw the handsome presents
of the man from Guatemala slipping
away. Between whiles she expressed
opinions regarding the gallantry of her
opponent which would do anything but
flatter that gentleman.
After the sale Mr. Thomas denounced
Feore for bidding against a lady, and said
W. H. FRIEND
WILL RESIGN
Must Not Do Politics in
a Federal Office.
IS CONGRESSIONAL CHAIRMAN
TO LEAVE THE COMMITTEE
NEXT WEEK.
Now Manager for Mr. Hilborn and
Will Succeed J. J. White as
Postmaster of Oakland
Next Sunday.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 22.
William H. Friend decided this even-
Ing that he will resign from the Third
District Congressional Committee at the
meeting next Wednesday.
On Sunday next Mr. Friend will formal
ly take charge of the Oakland Postofnce,
succeeding the Democratic incumbent, J.
J. White, whose term of office expires this
week. Mr. Friend has been chairman of
the Congressional committee for the past
two years and it is possible he may re
sign before next Wednesday if any of
those interested in the contest between
Congressman Hilborn and Victor H. Met
calf should decide that after entering
upon his Federal duties Mr. Friend ia
debarred from taking an active part in
politics.
There is on the part of both candidates
however, a decided inclination to take
no notice of the matter, as it is not gen
erally considered to be opposed to the
spirit of the statute. The law provides
that no person holding a Federal office
shall take any active part for or against
any individual or party In the political
campaign. Mr. Friend has called a meet
ing of his committee in Attorney Ed
gar's office for next Wednesday .and as the
proceedings are In no way partisan, but
purely perfunctory, it is not believed
any objection can be raised to his action.
He is the acknowledged leader of Mr.
Hilborn's political interests in the Third,
District, but it Is said there will be no
politics at next Wednesday's meeting, but
merely some formalities to be attended
to in connection with settling the date,
time and place of the Congressional con
vention. At that meeting Mr. Friend has
decided to resign, and as there will be no
more business for the committee his suc
cessor may not be named, as a new Con
gressional committee will be named by
the convention.
Efforts are already being made to se
cure the Congressional convention for
Oakland. Vallejo and Martinez, and as
there will be about 120 delegates, many
of them from the interior portion of the
district, it is probable that the convention
may go to Vallejo. it being the most cen
tral locality in the district.
Next Thursday the Alameda County
Central Committee will meet to carry out
whatever instructions may be issued by
the Republican State Committee, which
meets in San Francisco to-morrow.
AID FOR MELROSE SUFFERERS.
Alameda Ladies Hard at Work.
Proposition to Call a Mass-
Meeting.
ALAMEDA, July 22.— A committee of
Red Cross ladies, though not acting
under the immediate auspices of that or
ganization, is hard at work relieving the
pressing necessities of the sufferers by
the explosion at Melrose. Already they
have made considerable collections of fur
niture, bedding and food, and have given
it to the worst sufferers. But a great deal
remains to be accomplished. All those
who lost by the catastrophe are poor,
and some of them have lost homes and
furniture and have no means to replace
either. It is pro Dosed to call a mass
meeting and see if enough cannot be
raised from charitably disposed people to
repair the wrecked houses and replace
the furniture which has been destroyed.
The committee which is at work con
sists of Mrs. O'Neill (chairman), Mes
dames Colburn. O'Kell, McGurn, Otis,
Clay, Hickox. White, McLaughltn, Fox
and Miss Kennett. An urgent appeal ia
made to all who have housekeeping arti
cles to spare to communicate with these
ladles, who will see that they are given
to the sufferers.
Cannot Put Out Fire.
BERKELEY. July 22.— The residents of
Lorin are much alarmed over the fact
that they have virtually no protection
from fire. The old truck, once used by
the volunteer firemen, proves to have out
lived its days of usefulness and unless
some action Is taken by the Board of
Trustees to have It repaired the fire com
pany declares that it will disband.
moreover that he had no business to bid.
as he holds the position of janitor in the
building where the goods were stored and
knew their value. Mr. Feore explains his
position by stoutly denying- that- he knew
he was bidding against a lady, and also
says that he has no access to the room
where the goods were stored, and his
knowledge of the contents of lot 17 was
confined wholly to the description of the
goods given In the catalogue, which is
public property. The price paid for the
goods will not cover the duties, cost of
sale, storage and importation.
In spite of Mr. Feore's denial as to his
knowledge of the present value and con
dition of the goods, it is believed that he
knew, all about them, otherwise he would
not have bid $200 on articles that might
have been spoiled by a year's storage. It
is understoood that his action will be in
vestigated. '
■» ■ •
ASSESSMENT IS ILLEGAL.
Injunction on the Hale & Norcross
Mining Company Still in Force.
A decision was rendered yesterday by
Judge I^unt In which the court refused
to dissolve the injunction prohibiting N.
W. Fox and other directors of the Hale &
Norcross Mining Company from col
lecting a third assessment on the shares
of the- corporation. It was held that the
assessment was illegal, as the second as
sessment levied by the corporation had
not been completely collected at the time
the third one was called for.
Dr. Shrady, president Red Cross
Society, writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, in next Sunday's
Call.
Lawyer Sues Lawyer.
Thomas B. Bishop filed suit yesterday
against E. F. Preston to restrain the de
fendant from removing any of the fix
tures located upon the Laguna Rancho,
Sfinta Barbara County. Mr. Bishop al
leges that he let and devised the property
to Mr. Preston, upon which were located
a dwelling house, barns, a machine shed,
blacksmith shop and other fixtures, and
that the defendant has removed a por
tion of the fixtures and that unless re
strained will continue the work of demoli
tion.
"The New America — Army and
Navy," by Henry Norman, special
commissioner of the London Chron
icle, in next Sunday's Call.
Suit for Infringement.
Charles R. Merriam has brought suit
for $5000 and filed a petition for a restrain
ing order against the Pacific Sheet Metal
Company for infringement of a patent.
For the people, not the spoils. Read to
day's Star. •
It seems that the Board of Trustees
have their own opinion in the matter,
and they say that the truck is not worth
repairing. As no assurance has yet been
given that a new one will be bought
Lorin residents consider that their fire
problem may prove a serious one.
Grocery Store Robbed.
ALAMEDA, July 22.— The grocery store
of H. Hauch on Park street was entered
and robbed three separate times during
June. About $70 in coin was stolen, with
a silver watch, a box of cigars and other
goods. The burglars gained entrance by
prying a board off the back of the store
and then replacing it for future use. No
clew has been obtained to the thief,
though it appears to have been some one
familiar with the premises.
"Israel's Tithe to America," in
next Sunday's Call.
y*"""Tk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mmtrtlfih 625 KEABNT ST. Established
«^Filr»a ln 1854 for the treatment of Private
SI iX -^©f Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
B?Sff**c!&V<a disease wearing on bodyand mind and
<SSnßßs&<&9 Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
Z\Muß>Jls&a others fall. Try him. Charges low.
ya^acSfeA^ <'iire»eraaranl«T«l. Call orwritp.
Dr. J. I'- iiIBBOX, Box 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
hj^ Steamers leave Broadway
g%»^_ wharf. San Francisco:
, IW*^EH^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
BJMfSjgf^ July 25. 30, August 4, 9, 14, A,
IlifiKrad 24, transfer at Seattle.
M^sB|^i For Alaskan ports (from Fol-
Db^^^kKl som-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r^^E^Sfl August 8, 23, transfer at Port-
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C). Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett.
Anacort^i and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m.; July 25, 80. August 4. and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this
company's steamers for Alaska, and O. N. Ry..
at Tacoma with N. P. By., at Vancouver with
C P Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a, m., July
For Eureka (Humboldt BayV 10 a. . m.. July
25, 31. August 6, and every sixth day thereafter.
For Santa CruE, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gavlota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. July 24. 28. August 1, and
every fourth day thereafter. * • _
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Lob Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. July 22, 26, 30, August 3, and every fourth
day thereafter. ••'-". • _ •■
For Ensenada, Ma«dalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymae (Mex.), 10 a. m., 18th of
each month. . A
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
""TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). * •.,-. --■
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Arts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
MBPATCH FAST BTKAMERB TO
PORTLAND
Prom Folsom-Btreet Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Cla««' Including Bertß
lAtiC £8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia July 2, 10, 18. 21
State of California July 6, 14. 22. 30
St. Paul 118 00 1 St. Louis »32 04
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago it St
Omaha 28 00 ! New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent, .
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
Superintendents.
Compaple Generate Transatlantic
Frenc'l Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North • _^*«ft§.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers
by this line avoid both transit by< a * B * a *
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second cites, $116.
LA GASCOGNE July 80, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE Augr. 6, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE Aug. 13, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ..Aug. 20, 10 a. m.
LA GAPCOGNE Aug. 27, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATIiAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents,. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
PMtPSIBIBA The 8. S. MARIPOSA
iSKUNlC^alls v a Honolulu and
If pnaMW Auckland for Sydney
O ~>^— 7>. Wednesday, August 10,
§W3nrcfllD<^ at 2 p. m. COOLGAR-
)stp2mSniD<^ Line to COOLGAR-
Cyltamjlliy DIE. Australia, and
uSmB3IZihCAPE TOWN. South
Vi'ii[ywivs| Africa.
J. D. 6PRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
' 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— B27 Market St., San Francisco.
FOR D. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montleello." \
Mon., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ". 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Dock. Pier 8.
- Telephone Red 2241.
RAILROAD TBAVZL. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1898, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. j North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed, j Passen-
ger, Sunday- Sta- Sunday ! ger.
Daily. Exc'pted tlons. Exc'ptedl Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 a m Stockton i 3:45 pm| 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pml 3:23 p m
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno i 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford | 7:45 am 125 pm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld I 2:30 a m 10:15 a m i
12:05 m 7:50 p m Vlsalia | 6:40 a m 12:55 pm \
Stopping at intermediate points as required. |
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco; at Merced with stages to and from
Snellings, CoulterviUe, Yosemlte, etc. : also
with stage from Hornltos, Marlposa, etc. at
Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
Santa Fe Route
THE BE3T RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Timei
Leave San Francisco. 4: 3o p. m., 8.M.T.W.T.F.8.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Snnta Fe.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— 62! MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1631.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office- 231 J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 "West Santa Clara St.
W^NICKERBOCKER
|\ SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN—
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
ISe-w York,
Boston,
/Wont reali
Buffalo,
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati,
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between
Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over
greatest system of transportation in tha
world— the Vanderbllt Lines.
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls. Wash-
ington, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Spring*.
This train allows half day's *top In St. Louia
and goes into the only depot In New York
City.
C. W. GREEN.
Traveling Paaa'r Agent.. Kansas City. Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAD.
Traveling Passenirpr Ar<»nt. Dallas Tex.
WM. P. DEPPB,
Aas't Gen'l Passenger Agt., St. Louis, Mo.
AUCTION ' SALES.
WITHOUT_RESERVE.
BOOKS! BOOKS! BOOKS!
*> -' THIS EVENING. AT 8 O'CLOCK. .
CONTINUATION OF CLO3ING-ODT SALE OF
I. 0. 0. T. LIBRARY
Consisting of 10,000 Volumes Standard
Literature.
Also Fittings, Furniture and Miscellaneous
Effects. •
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer.
On view after 9 o'clock a. m.
FURNITURE OF FIVE ROOMS.
THIS DAT (SATURDAY), AT 11 A. M., c
1715 EDDY ST., NEAR STEINER.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
FORCED SALE
£a> — AT —
310 GOLDEN GATE AYE.
THIS DAY. . ..
SATURDAY JULY 23, at 11 O'Cloc*
AT AUCTION!
We will sell contents of the Avenue Stable, ■
consisting of 20 head of Horses. Buggies, Car-
riages, Rocka way's, Single and Double Har-
ness, Saddles, etc., being everything used ln a
first-class livery stable.
No reserve or limit.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Office 327 Sixth st.l Live Stock Auctioneers.
~ BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
l'lll.KN I-ACII'IC COMPANY.
' ... (PACIFIC BYSTIM.)
Train* lonvo nihl ar« Hue to «irl»e at
MAN I'IUMINCO. '
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) |
C.BAVB — FnOSC July 10, 1898. — akbivb
"*0:OOa Nlles, Sao Jose and Way Stations... •8:45*
7:OO\ Felicia, Suiinn »nd Sacramento 10:45 a
7:OOa. MarjsTille, Ororllle and Redding via
Woodland 8i4.1p
?:OO a Elmira. Yacarille »nd Rumsey Bi43p
7iH«a Martinez. San Ramon. Vallejo, Napa,
C»li»tog.\ and Santa Rosa o>l3p
SiOOa A Man Express, Og.lru and Kant.. B<l3p
»i:t«A Sau .lust-, Stockton, Valley Rpring, ,
'..: • . lone, Sacramento, Maryiiville,
Chico, Tehama and Red 1t1u1T.... 4tl»p
- HiIIOa Peters, Oak dale »nd Jamestown.... 7:13p
•«:80a Milton "7113P
■ »:«<»a New Orleans Kxpress, Merced, Fres- ■ . Vw
no, liakersdold, '..Santa lUrbara,
Jos. Angel™, Doming, El l'a.io.
New Orleans and East 6i4Sr
lOiOOa Vsllcjn, Martinez and Way Stations ?:4.1p
•i:OOp Sacramento ltUer Steamers «Bi»«p
- San Jom, Nil en and Way Stations. . . <}V:l3a
2:00p LtTeriuoie, Mendota, lianford and .
• . . Vlsalia • 4:15»
....... Litermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations..-,...... 110:13 a,
4:0 Op Martinez, Ran lUmon, Vallejo, •'.-,-■
. . - Napa, Calistuga, 101 Verano and
Sautn Uob» 9il3a •
4ioor Benida, VacavUle, Woodland,
Kniehts Landing, MarjSTllle, Orb- •
Title and .Sacramento... 10:43 a
4:30p Niles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7: I 3 p
4:8«p Stockton andLodi I*:l3*
- <:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
. Mojave, Santa ISarbara and l.os
Angeles 7i43a
■ 4jBop Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Yoiemlt") and Fresno l«:15p
4iilor Santa I'd Route, Atlantic Kxpress
for MojttVc and Kast..... 6:43 p
OiOWr Knropeau Mail, Ogdeii and Kast.... 9:4»a
••:OOr Vallejo 1«i1.5p
AiOOr Haywarilß, Nile* and Han .lose 7:45*.
J7:oop VaUejo, Port , Costa and Way Sta-
tions iO»4sp
StOOp Oregon Hacrainentn, Marys-
vllle. U.-it.liiiif, l'ortlanil, I'ugvt
Hound ami Kurt A 8:IB\
SAN LKANIIUO AM) HAVWAKUS LOCAL.
- ■ - (Foot of Market Street.)
"1 llelrose. Seminary Park, ( 7:15 a
«:OOa I'ltchbnrir, KlmhurHt, < ! 9: ii? A
iS ! 2Sa S » n I*" A«, South Ski- \ o .\\**
it USa Leamlro, KHtadillo, Ji;!?, p
tlsi:OOH ' Lorenxo, Cherry ■ m:4»p
i»:OOp : Hliil J2:45p
3:00p lUyn«rd«. (3:ISp
' 7hi Op < Runs through to Nile*. 7:43 p
J t From Niles. 1.
COAST IH VISION (Narrow ««uge).
(Foot of Market Street.) "
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JS:O5p
8:13 a Newark, Cen terTille, San Jose, Felton,
- ■ j. Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Station! SiOOp
•8:I3p Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New .
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way ' ■*-■••-
Stations MO:«Oa
4:13p San Jose, Glon wood A Way Stations «:20\
q4:lsp Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz j'J:BOa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIS FRIKOISCO— Foot or Htrktt Street (SI:? 8)— ■ '
•7:16- • 9:00 11:00*. M. {1:00 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 • tB:Ofl •6:00 p.m. ■„
FrsmfU'UHD— Foot of Broad way.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
112:00 *1:00 12:00 *3:00 11:00 *8:00f.m.
COAST VISION' (Broad Oauge).
(Third and Townnaiid 8t».) ■
•7:«0a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) liSOv
t7iSOA Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Buttons J»:B3 e
9:00 a Han Jose, Tr«s I'inos, Santa Cruz,
Pacllic (srn»e, Paso Rubles, Han
' Luis Oliispo, Giiadaliipe, Surf and , . .
* . Prlncljial Way .Stations 4«10e
Ioi4Oa San Jose anil Way Stations "«:<io.v
H:SOa Ban Jose and Way Stations *Bi33a
■ m »x4Sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
: ;',. Gilroy. Hollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacific
Grote , "1 0:30 A
•3t3«p San Jose and Way Slot .inns *0:«Oa.
• l:l.1r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9: 15\
•5:« Op San Jose and I'rincipal Way Stations 8:3.1
»:»«!• San Jose ami Principal Way Statious S:»«p
«::i«l- San Jose and Way Stations 7:»Op
Mlt4»P San Josaaml Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P f or Afternoon.
• Sundays exeeptml. t Sundays only. » Satunlnys only
/ Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND* NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUwto Perry. Feet mt Morkat 84
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 8:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday a— Extra trip* at l:al
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, *:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, tM,
6:00. 6:20 p. m. ,
SAN itAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 13:43,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:IO. 8:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 1:40.
fi:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Pax*
same schedule as above. • .";■':
Leave . Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. -
■■ 1 V June 29, ' '
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- Wee*
Days. 1 days. | Destination.! daye. ■ f Days.
7:30 ami 3:00 am Novatoi 10:40 am 8:40 arm
3:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 0:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pro. 5:00 pm] Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
■. """Pulton, • . i
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburf, i - ,-■
Lytton,
GeyservlHe,
8:80 pm| 8:00 am( Cloverdale. ) 7:35 pm| V.tl pta
i i:anami . ' Holland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm 8:00 am ■ Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:20 am J 10:26 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm - , I ' 6:23 pm
7:30 am S:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B :4u am
and • . - •
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:W pm 6:22 pea
T:B6'arnf 8:00 ami Sevastopol. 110:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm| ) 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skasgs Springs; at CloverdaJe fo»
the Geysers; at Hoplind for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Scda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Sprlnss; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullvllle, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal. •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bide.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST railroad,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 1535.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. »8:00.
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; «1:45, 3:20. 4:00. 6:15, »«:00|,
'30 p. in. ,-»'"- -1-'
■ Extra trips for ■■ San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at U.i*
P " m " , SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo, *9:0»,
•10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. «1:45. «2:30. M:0O,
• :30, 6:43 p. m. _
11:00 a. m. does not ran to San Rafael.
S:80 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. :,-,.;.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'os.
t:2O p. m. — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:15 p. m. week days (Sat. Tomales and
-. . way stations. ... . •
1:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via,' Sausalltv Ferry
Leave San Francisco, . commencing May L
1898: .. v- ,-i- ■-, ■■< .-. .;. ,* **
Week Days — a. m., 1:45 and 6:16 p. m.
' Sundays— t:V>, 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:46 and
1:80 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
•■ THOS. COOK A SON. Agents, 6*l Mark*!
street. San Francisco.
1112
HORSES FIRST
TO THE WIRE
Results of Races at the
East.
FOUR WINNERS FOR MAHER
CANACE SECOND TO BATTEN AT
WASHINGTON PAMK.
Midlan, Oandleblack, Mort« Fonse
and Traverser Take Purses — Bad
Weather Mars the Game
at Butte.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 22.— Brighton Beach
summaries:
First race, mile, selling.
Continental. 116 (Maher), 9 to 20 1
Songster. 90 U->upee>, 7 to 2 and 7 to 10 2
Endeavor, 106 (E. Jones), 20 to 1 3
Time, 1:41.
long Acre also ran.
6econd race, five furlongs, selling.
Country Dance. S9 (Maher). 9 to 5 1
Water Girl. 9» (Ponger), 8 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Anltra. SS (Salmers), 15 to 1 3
Time. l:o2>i.
Loiter and Coqulma also ran.
Third race, five furlongs. Felling.
Morning, 91' iMaher), 3 to 5 1
Qadfly 9? (Bonser), 6 to 1 and 1 to 2 2
Skyscraper, 114 <li. Jones) 3
Time. 1:02.
Fourth race, six furlongs.
Cloophus, 134 (Taral). 6 to 5 1
Liennep, 121 iJnmfi. S to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Trolley. 125 (lAiKifetw. 2 to 1 3
Tim.'. 1:14 V
Field Lark, Premier and Lady Marian also
ran.
Fifth race, plx furlongp. yelling.
Easter Card. 110 (Maher), 1 to 3 1
13on Viking. 110 iJanifM. 6 to 1 and 6 to 5 2
Hurricane. 110 (E. Jones). 10 to 1 3
Time. 1:15.
Diminutive, Al Heeves and Wine Press also
ran.
Sixth race. mile, selling.
Decanter, M 4 (OL#ary), 2 to 5 1
Debride, lU3 iMahrr). 7 to 2 and 3 to 6 2
Charentus. 103 (Songer). fi to 1 3
Time. 1:42%.
General Maceo and Fttzgibbons also ran.
ST. LOUIS, July 22.— Weather pleasant;
track fast.
First race, one and an eighth miles, selling.
King Klkwood. 116 (M. Dunn), 5 to 2 1
Practitioner. 114 (C. Combs). S to 2 and 3 to 2. 2
Jack of Heart?, 117 iGllmore). 5 to 2 3
Time, 1:SOV
Jack Bradley. The Parrot. Mounted. Faslg,
i I ' nuirrlll, fCoflClO and Schedule also ran.
Pecond race, six furlongs, selling:.
Flora '"'.. 107 <J. McDonald), is to 5 1
Myrtle. 107 (Gllmore), 8 to 1 and 3 to 1 2
Lucky Star 11. 107 (Stevens), barred 3
Solution, 107 'H. Smith), 10 to l 4
Time. 1:16.
Attainment. Chiffon, Sister Josephine. White
lyoaf. AlM** B. Bertha I'tiger, Gracla, Qolvlve,
Lady Chance and Princess Beatrice also ran.
Third race, six rind a half furlongs, selling.
Hairy Floyd. 101 ( Hothersall). 7 to 1 1
Rebel Jack. :<7 i Lines), 16 to 5 and even 2
na, I" 1 - (GUmore). 12 to 1 3
Time, 1:28%.
Prompt", Ray B. Jolly Son, Swifty, Clara i
Bauer, Albert '". Reefer, Alamanta, Briarwood,
Scott Newman and Hazel Harlan also ran.
Fourth race, one mile, selling.
Lady of the West. 105 (J. McDonald). 4 to 1.. 1
King Oscar, 103 (Lines), 8 to l and 5 to 2 2
Mystery. 112 (Rutter). 7 to 2 3|
Time. 1:43 V
Miss Lizzie, Empress Josephine, Requenth, |
Pkir.k. Laverna, Ups and Downs and Glenower \
also ran.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling.
Verify. 98 (Lines). 4 to 5 1
Count Fonso. 103 (J. McDonald). 3 to 1 and
7 to E I
Imp Kins Gold, 108 (Snell). 7 to 1 3
Time. 1:22.
Frank Wagner, Can Galop. Fourth Ward,
Lady Callahan and Hiph Test also ran.
Sixth race, five and B half furlongs, selling.
Our Nellie, I<H (Snell), 2 to 1 1
Kugrnle S 99 (Southard). 20 to 1 and 7 to 1.. 2
l"lm. 102 (Rutter). 7 to 5 3
Time. 1:1 ft
1" ur Leaf C, Red Pirate, Henry Wolfe, W.
C. I>allv. Sam Lazarus, Uodnev Fox. Bert :
Davis, My Last Hope and Maud Meade aiso
i an.
"HICAGO. July 22.-Washington Park
track fast.
First race, six furlongs— Mldlan (5 to 2) won.
King Bermuda (3 to 5) second, Osmon third.
Time. VMM.
Second race, mile — Candleblack (3 to 5) w^n. I
George Kratz (1 to '!) second. Found third. I
Tim". 1:40%;
Third race, Fix and a quarter furlongs— Bat- I
ten (5 to 2) won. Canace i* to 5) second, Cam
brian third. Time, 1:17%.
Fourth race, mile and seventy yards —
tonia (3 to 1) won. Imp. Eddie Burke rout) sec
ond. Eddie Jones third. Time, I: l4'-4.
Fifth race, one and one-eighth miles— Morte
Fonse (7 to '.) won. Forte (out) second. Nece
<lah third. Time. 1:,->4V Tinkler finished sec- j
ond, but was disqualified.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Traverser (7 to 2) |
won. Eugenia Wlckes (4 to 5) eecond. Abuse I
third. Time, 1:13 .
BUTTE. Mont.. July 22.-Weather
stormy; track slow.
first race, half a mile— l Don't Know won.
Rill Howard second, Dutch third. Time, :47\.
Second rac», five furlongs — Tempean won.
San Augustine second. Distance third. Time,
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Sallle
Goodwin won. Distinction second, March third.
Time. 1 NL
Fourth rare, seven furlongs— Byron McClel
land won. Imp. Black Cap second. Rubicon
third. Time, 1:28H-
Fifth race, mile -Highland Ball won, Char
lotte M second. Twinkle Twink third. Time,
1:43.
Sixth race, six furlongs— rarnens won, Trap
pean second, Loch Ness third. Time, 1:16.
FAST MILE PACED
BY STAR POINTER
DETROIT. Mich., July 22.-The feature
of the day's racing at Grosse Polnte
track to-day was Star Pointer's attempt I
to lower the world's record of 1:59%, made !
by himself. Although the big horse failed
to accomplish this, his time of 2:01^ is
considered remarkably good for this early i
in the season. The track was in prime I
condition for speeding, but the weather
rather cool for fast going. Pointer's time
by quartet's was :3u^, 1:01%, 1:32, 2:01%.
Summaries:
2:10 din, trotting, purse $2000— The Abbott
won In straight heats. Time. 2:12»i, 2:12, 2:0&%.
Dan Cupid was second. Pilot Boy third. No
others.
Merchants' and Manufacturers' consolation
stake, 2:24 class, trotting, stake $2000— Mike
won first, third and sixth heats. Time, 2:1.".
2:ls'i. 2 :lf.V 4 . QuarterstafT won fourth and fifth
heats. Time. 2:l9>i. 2:16%. Professor Wells
was third. Nancy King. Ember Day and Gov
ernor Holt also started.
2:12 class, pacing, purse I2ooO— Midi won first
third and fourth heats. Time, 2:13, 2:11, 2:12.
Pinewood won second heat In 2:11. Winfleld
was third. Indiana also started.
All Amateurs Eligible.
BALTIMORE. July 22.— The following
bulletin has been Issued by Chairman Al
bert Mott of the League of American
Wheelmen racing board:
Correspondence nhowlnr th»r<» is a ml«under-
Ft:in'!lns "s to the national amateur champion
ship, all amateurs «re notified that they are
ellKihle for the races at the national meet at
Indianapolis and do not require traveling: per
mit*.
American Horses in Front.
LONDON. July 22.— Al the first day's
racing of the Royal Windsor July meet-
Ing to-day tho LorlllWnl-Beresforrl sta
ble'e three-year-old bay filly Jiffy II won
the Eton handicap of 300 sovereigns. The
Rothschilds plate of 10] sovereigns was
won by the Lorillard-Berosfor<i stable's
three-year-old chestnut colt Doric 11.
The Chess Tournament.
VIENNA, July 22.— After one day of
rest, the thirty-sixth round of the Inter
national Chess Masters' tournament was
begun here to-day. When the first tour
nament was made the Schlffers-Alapln
and Tschlgorln-Tarraseh games were In
an even position. Janowskl had defeated
Walbrodt, Pfllsbury had a losing position
against Burn; Blackburne beat Treneh
ard, Balrd went down before Showalter,
Schleciiter beat Caro, Marco succumbed
to Lipke and Maroezy had vanquished
Halprln. The remaining three games re
sulted as follows: Schlffers and Alapln
again adjourned their game In an even
position; Plllsbury and Burn also had to
adjourn their game, much In favor,
though, of Burn, and Tschlgorln and Tar
rasch drew.
WINNING RUN SCORED
IN THE THIRTEENTH
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Hubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pot.
Cincinnati ..55 2S .6G3 Pittßburg ...43 3S .531
Boston 52 29 .642 Philadelphia 36 41 .465
Cleveland ...4ft 31 .615 Brooklyn ....32 46 .410
[Baltimore ...47 31 .603 Washington 30 50 .375
Chicago 46 38 .548 Louisville ...28 f>s .332
New York ..42 37 .632 St. Louis ....24 61 .282
BALTIMORE, July 22.— Baltimore and
Cleveland played an even fielding and
batting game to-day, but the former was
more fortunate in getting long ones when
the bases were occupied. McGann. sent
three runs across the rubber and
two for himself with his two three-bag
gers. Attendance 950. Score:
ci Üb<!—U b<!— n. H. E.
Baltimore 7 10 1
Cleveland 5 12 1
notaries— Hughes and Robinson; Wilson and
Crlirer. Umpires— O" Day and McDonald.
NEW YORK, July 22.— 1n a pitchers'
battle, lasting thirteen innings, New York
won out and took sixth place from the Pi
rates. Rusle. while hit harder than Kil
len, was cool and collected throughout
and with men on bases he was Invincible.
In the thirteenth Davis singled to left
field, stole second and third and came
home on Doyle's hit, which fell just be
yond the. reach of Klllen. Attendance
300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 16 1
Plttsburg 0 8 0
Hatterles— Rui>!e and Warner; Klllen and
Schrlver. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
PHILADELPHIA. July 22.— Almost per
fect fielding and a continuous perform
ance in hitting enabled the Phillies to
take a double-header from Chicago to
day. Attendance 5800. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 12 16 0
Chicago 3 12 3
natterlea— Orth and McFarland; Thornton
and Woods and Donohue and Chance. Um
pires—Gaffney and Brown.
Score, second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 7 13 1
Chicago 1 5 5
Hatterlea— Donohue and Murphy ; Kllroy,
Donnhue and Chance. Umpires— Gaffney and
Brown.
WASHINGTON. July 22.— The Senators
did not hit Dwyer, while the Reds found
Weyhing freely in the ninth. Attendance
S00. " Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Washington 1 < J
Cincinnati 5 11 2
Batteries— Weyhlng and McGulre; Dwyer and
Peltz. Umpires— Emslie and Hunt.
NEW YORK. July 22.— The Brooklyn?
lost their fourth straight frame to Louis
ville to-day. Attendance 200. Score:
Clubs— R H. P..
Brooklyn 3 8 2
Louisville 7 14 0
Batteries— Yeager and Grim; Cunningham
and Klttridge. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
BOSTON. July 22.— The St. Louis team
tried Gilpatrick to-day, but he was so
wild that the home team had no dlfflcul- j
ty in winning. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E. !
Boston -8 R 1
Bt Louis 2 7 4;
Batteries— Lewis and Bergen: Gilpatrick and
Clements. Umpires— -Snyder and Connolly.
THREE CRICKET TEAMS
TIED FOR FIRST PLACE
OMAHA, July 22.— Omaha. Chicago and
Winnipeg have played out their schedule
in the Northwestern Cricket Association
tournament, and jire tio<l for the cham
pionship, with three victories and one
defeat each. Minnesota has one victory
and three defeats, and Denver has four
defeats. Omaha defeated Chicago, Chi
cago defeat"d Manitoba, and Manitoba
defeated Omaha. The association has not
yet decided what to do with the tie.
In the Omaha-Denver game to-day the
superior bowling, batting and fielding of
the home team told. Only one inning was
tried for. and the score was: Omaha 96,
Denver 75.
Minnesota was easy for Manitoba. The
losers started off well and hit for 74 for
six wickets. Manitoba took the rest for
one run. Soulez played an excellent bat
for 1!4. but he hart no support. Manitoba
was all out for 112. the final score being:
Minnesota 75, Manitoba 112.
To-morrow the international match will
be played.
HAVOC OF A TORNADO.
Many Persons Injured in a North
Dakota District.
MINNEAPOLIS. .Tully 22.— A special to
the Journal from Mlnot, N. D.. says that a
tornado struck that town last night, de
molished seventeen buildings and Injured
a number of people. No one was killed.
The County Hospital was destroyed and
several of the inmates badly hurt. Six
loaded box cars on the Soo tracks were
blown 100 feet from the rails and de
molished. A heavy hall storm following
seriously damaged crops.
A Casselton. N. D. . special to the Jour
nal says the same storm destroyed 20,000
acres of wheat.
Pensions and Postoffices.
WASHINGTON. July 22.— Pensions for;
California: Original— Jose Maria Domln
guez, Los Angeles, $6; Eli Bridgewater,
San Luis Obispo, $6. Increase— Joseph F. j
O. Randall, Veterans' Home, Napa, $6 to [
$S: Richard Castello, Soldiers' Home, Los |
Angeles, $8 to $10. Original widow, etc.— j
Abhie A. Home, Sacramento. $S; minor
of John F. Davis. Campbell, $10.
Oregon: Original— Francis A. Clow. Cot
tage Grove. $6; Mitchell Pelkey. Mollalla,
$6. Original widow, etc., reissue — Rebec
ca Ann Martin, mother, Dayton, $12.
Mexican War survivor, increase— Robert
C. Martin, Brownsville, $S to $12.
Washington: Original— James B. Swett,
Ellensburg, $8. Mexican War survivor,
increase— uavld H. Shaw, Colfax, $8 to i
$12.
Fourth-class Postmasters, California—
Orinda. Contra Costa County, Nellie B.
Hoyt, appointee, W. B. Atterbury Jr..
resigned.
Presidential Appointments.
WASHINGTON. July 22.— The President
to-day made the following appointments:
Max J. Baker of Nebraska to be Con
sul at Kiel, Germany.
Milton C, Elster. United States Attor
ney for the Western District of Lousl
ana.
Matthews Jyle, Surveyor General of
Nevada.
Confesses the Grain Robberies.
MARYSVILLE. July 22.-WlUiam S.
Hicks, arrested yesterday by Sheriff
Donahue on suspicion of robbing farmers'
grain piles, confessed to-day when the
oftVers discovered seventy sacks of wheat
and thirty-five sacks of barley in the
cellar of his home. He has given a list
of all he robbed, nt no place did he take
$50 worth, su the gravest r-harge that can
be made against him will be petty lar
ceny. He has a wife and two sons.
"The New America — Army and
Navy," by Henry Norman, special
commissioner of the London Chron
icle, in next Sunday's Call.
Accidentally Kills Himself.
MARYSYILLH. July 22.— While remov
ing rust from the barrel of a revolver
with a grindstone in the basement of his
parents' home at Yuba City to-day, Sam
uel Parker, aged 34. at home for a vaca
tion from the Portland Law College,
wh»-re he expected to graduate soon, acci
dentally shot himself In the region of the
heart, dying almost Instantly.
Chicago Man Honored.
WASHINGTON, July 22— The President
has appointed Ferdinand W. Peck of
Chicago Commissioner General of the
Paris Exposition.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 22.— H. R. Earle
of San Franrlsco and A. J. Butler of Oak
land are at the St. James.
From now until after election the Star
will be sent for 50 cents. Office 429 Mont
gomery etrcet, San Francisco. •
THE SAN" FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
RECEIVED WITH
MARTIAL MUSIC
Archbishop Riordan at
Camp Montgomery.
HIS GRACE HIGHLY PLEASED
HOLDS A RECEPTION TO THE
01FICERS.
Cadets Give an Entertainment for the
Benefit of a Church Fund.
No Measles in the
Camp.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAMP MONTGOMERY,
Santa Rosa, July 22,
With the League of the Cross Cadets'
hand playing, "Hall to the Chief," and
the entire regiment drawn up in a
long, straight line, with sabers at "pre
sent," the reception of His Grace,
Archbishop Riordan, was a most im
pressive sight at the railroad depot
this morninr. The Archbishop takes a
deep interest in the welfare of the regi
ment and telegraphed early in the
week to Colonel Sullivan, Informing
him of his contemplated visit to the
camp. President Foster of the San
j. rancisco and North Pacific Railroad
had kindly tendered Life Grace the use
of his private car "Donahue," for the
occasion.
The Rev. Father O'Ryan, regimental
chaplin of the cadets, and the Rev.
Father Grant, accor-panied his Grace
on his short visit.
Immediately upon Archbishop Rior
dan alighting from the train, he was
received by Colonel W. P. Sullivan Jr.
and his staff, and escorted to a hand
some conveyance drawn by a fine team
of horses, which had been specially en
gaged for the use of the honored guest.
The command, "Forward, —arch!"
was then given and lo the inspiring
music of the band the regiment com
menced its march to camp. The Arch
bishop rode in the center of the regi
ment, directly behind the regimental
colors.
On the arrival in Camp Montgomery,
the archbishop was driven through
the entrance, while the guard turned
out and saluted him as he passed. The
regiment was then dismissed and
Archbishop Riordan held an Im
promptu reception to the officers in
Colonel Sullivan's headquarters tent.
After spending a few hours in camp
his Grace was driven to the residence
of the Rev. Father Cassin, -.here he
was entertained at luncheon.
Later in the day his Grace drove over
to Freestone where he was the guest
of F. S. Wesinger.
Soon after dr ss parade this evening
Colonel Sullivan, accompanied by his
field and staff officers, the band and
thirty vocalists, left for Sebastopol to
help in an entertainment that was giv
en at Janson's Hall in aid of the new
church that will shortly be constructed
there, through the energetic pf. jrts of
the Rev. Father Rogers. Several of
the cadets rendered banjo solos, and
the Glee Club made a big hit in their
vocallstic efforts.
To-morrow will be "Field Day."
There are over fifteen events to be
competed for, and the company pain
ing the most points will presented
with a handsome trophy, donated by
Mayor James D. Phelan. The games
will take place at the Recreation
grounds, commencing at 2 p. m.
promptly.
Mrs. P. Leddy entertained the field
and staff officers at luncheon at her
residence to-day.
Colonel Sullivan received yesterday
the following complimentary letter
from H. Russell, formerly Brigadier
General, Boys' i^ngade.
LOS ANGELKS, July IS. IS<W.
Colonel William P. Sullivan Jr., Com
manding First Regiment, 1,. C. C, Camp
Montgomery— Sir: I note with much in
terest the working of Camp Montgomery
and assure you that it is pleasing to see
the progress of your command.
I fully realize the amount of hard la
bor it requires, as well as knowledge, to
place an organization on as firm a foun
dation as you have the First Regiment,
L. C. C.
One of the most Important things in
connection with an organization such ns
you are in command of is perfect har
mony and co-operation of both men and
officers, and I trust this will always be
so In the L. C. C.
In congratulating you and your com
mand I wish to say that you all have my
most earnest wishes for the future suc
cess of the organization and hope you
will continue in the good work. Respect
fully yours. J . HARRY RUSSELL.
Formerly Brigadier General, Boys" Bri
gade.
The regiment will break camp on
Sunday about 3:30 p. m., taking a spec
ial train for San Francisco leaving
Santa Rosa about 4:15 p. m., arriving
in San Francisco about 6:30 p. m.
By an error The Call was made to
say yesterday that Captain Monahan
and eighty of the cadets at Camp
Montgomery were down with measles.
There is not a single case in camp, nor
has there been any.
MISFORTUNES OF AN
AGED SALINAS COUPLE
Robbed of Their Savings by a
Stranger, They Are Found in
Filth and Poverty.
SALINAS, July 22.— A sad easeV>f desti
tution was brought to light this after
noon. In an old house constructed of
lumber nnd burlaps were, found an old
man named Jacob Prohasta, aped 70, and
an old woman named Charlotte Kaska,
aged 68. In an Interview the woman said
that several years ago her husband died,
leaving some little property, real estate
and money. Jacob worked for her hus
band before his death and afterward re
mained with her. This was at Berkeley.
A short time after Kaska's death a
stranger visited her and, she says, pre
sented a paper which he claimed was a
legal document in connection with her
husband's death, and asked her to sign
it. She could not read and, believing the
man, she signed, only to find out a few
weeks later that It was an order on the
bank for all her money, nearly $2000. For
tunately, she held a note for $400, which
she had loaned to a friend, but this will
not be due for a long time, and she may
never get it.
Sick and disheartened she drove to Ne
vada City and Grass Valley in an old
spring cart with Jacob, only to be ad
vised to come here by the doctors. She
was six weeks on the road in the cart,
which was drawn by an old white horse.
The interior of the hut revealed a state
of lllth that beggars description. Dirty
unwashed dishes were scattered around,
the ground Is littered with dirty clothes,
dishrags, remnants of victuals and ashes.
Two beds, unmade, were covered with
filth, and the whole scene would put to
shame the foulest pigsty. The pair will
be sent to the County Hospital.
Dr. Shrady, president Red Cross
Society, writes about the chances of
our soldiers in war, in next Sunday's
Call.
COMES AFTER
MACHINERY
San Franciscan Tells of
New Diggings.
FINDS AROUND COOKS INLET
MANY CALIFORNIANS IN THE
DISTRICT.
Preparations for Establishing Huge
Hydraulic Plants and Build
ing Wagon Roads on a
Large Scale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., July 22.— W. G.
Whorf, who went to Cooks Inlet from
San Francisco three years ago, is here
purchasing hydraulic mining machin
ery with which to work claims owned
by himself. William Lenox and Wil
liam Hunter in the new Kenai dis
trict, sixty miles south of the Cooks
Inlet district. This district is being
opened up this year by hundreds of
miners, mostly Californians.
Claims on Copper Creek are being de
veloped by thirty Santa Cruz and San
Jose men, who are spending $10,000 in
putting in two hydraulic giant plants
and a mile ot numlng. This syndicate
is headed by the Towle brothers of San
Jose.
The Sheokleford syndicate of Los
Angeles is spending $20,000 putting in
three giant plants on Juneau creek and
building a thirty-mile wagon road
from Resurrection Bay to Skeloelak.
The same company is taking in teams
to haul ninety tons of machinery and
supplies over this route.
Another San Jose party, consisting
of thirty-one men who went north last
March In the schooner Bowhead from
San Francisco, has secured good
ground on Copper Creek. They are de
veloping It this year and will be sluic
ing next season.
Whorf says Cooks Inlet will produce
$500,000 this season, most of It coming
out in October. The Polly Mining
Company, in which Amador, Cal., men
are largely interested, will take $125,
000 of this out of one claim. Whorf de
clares that miners not afraid to work
can make money in the Cooks Inlet
country, which will eventually produce
millions annually. Its systematic pros
pecting has not yet commenced.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST
ROAD HAS A HEARING
Reduced Assessment Asked on the
Ground of Falling Off of
Business.
SACRAMENTO, July 22.— J. B. Stetson,
president, and W. F. Russell, a director
of the North Pacific Coast Railroad, opor
ated in Marin and Sonoma counties, rep
resented that road to-day before the
State Board of Equalization. The road's
trackage In Marin County Is 63.75 miles
and in Sonoma County thirty-six miles.
For the year ending December 31 last, the
earnings", of the road were $356,993 60, and
expenses $245.8*5 73. The Interest payment
amounted to J80.724 80.
The road last year was assessed by the
State Board at $R50,000. Stetson and Rus
sell contended that the assessment this
year should be reduced. They said that
the business which prompted the con
struction of the road has been about ex
hausted. The timber along the line of
the road had all been taken off, until
there is really no traffic to draw from.
The upper end of the road has no re
sources whatever, and has about outlived
its usefulness.
TWO STEAMERS ARRIVE
FROM THE LYNN CANAL
Reach Seattle With Fifteen Klon-
dikers, Who Bring Gold Dust
Valued at $100,000.
SEATTLE. July 22.— The steamers Uto
pia and Farallon arrived in port this
morninp from Lynn Canal. They had on
board fifteen Klondikers. possessed of
gold dust that aggregated in value nearly
$100,000. These men had made the trip
up the river and over the trails to Dyea,
several coming via the Dalton trail. They
all had gold, varying in sums from $3000
up. The largest amount was held by J.
P.. Prior of Chicago, who is reputed by
the captain of the Utopia to have brought
down over $2u.000.
Chautauqua Assembly Officers.
PACIFIC GROVE, July 22.— The offi
cers of the Pacific Coast Chautauqua As
wxnbly fleeted for the ensuing year, are:
President. Ell McCllsh, D.D., San Jose;
vice presidents— Robert Bentley. D.D.; J.
H. Wythe, M.D.: C. L. Anderson, D.D. ;
Mrs. M. H. Field. Secretary and treas
urer, Mrs. E. J. Dawson. San Jose; su
perintendent of instruction, Thomas Fll
hen, D.D., Santa Cruz; executive commit
tee (class of 190D— H. N. Revier. Dr. J.
W. Dinsmore, Dr. F. F. Jewell, Professor
C. E. Cox.
Pioneer Dies at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA. July 22.— This afternoon
Stephen J. Clark, a well-known Califor
nia pioneer, died at Santa Rosa, He was
a native of New York. He came to this
State in 1549 and settled in Phimas Coun
ty. He was a former Sheriff and Coun
ty Treasurer of that county. He lived
in Oakland for :i number of years.
MORE AID FOR SOLDIERS.
Customs Inspectors Contribute a
Hundred a Month Toward Help
ing the Boys in Blue.
One hundred men employed in the Sur
veyor of Customs department have or
ganized themselves into a Red Cross So
ciety of their own for the purpose of aid
ing the boys In blue encamped in this
city. Each member of the latest branch
of the humane organization contributes
a dollar each month, which is turned over
to Mrs. J. S. Spear, the wife of the Sur
veyor, who alleviates the wants of the
soldiers.
Among the many kindly deeds done by
the representative of the young society
was tho employment of tailors who made
alterations in the Kansas uniforms,
which were turned out by Chinese labor;
the sending of beef tea by the gallon to
tho boys and many other splendid things.
The society has been only lately organ
ized, but from present indications it will
do an infinite lot of good for the up
holders of the flag.
Mrs. Alvord Improving.
Mrs. William Alvord, wife of Police
Commissioner Alvord o-f 254R Jackson
street, who has been seriously ill at Del
Monte the past few weeks, suffering from
general debility, was reported somewhat
improved last night, to the gratification
of her many friends. Dr. J. W. Keeney,
her son. has been in constant attendance
on his mother.
"Israel's Tithe to America," in
next Sunday's Call.
Thrown Out of a Cart.
Charles Griffith, a coachman in the em
ploy of William H. Lemman. was thrown
out of a cart at the crossing of Golden
Gate avenue and Larkin street yesterday
afternoon and his left shoulder was dis
located. He was taken to the City and
County Hospital, where Dr. Tillman at
tended to his injuries.
CATASTROPHE
ON THE RAIL
Boiler of a Locomotive
Explodes.
THREE MEN BLOWN TO ATOMS
FOUB OTHERS ARE PAINFULLY
INJURED.
Disaster Occurs on the Central
Pacific, Opposite Towles
Station, in Placer
County.
SACRAMENTO, July 22.— At 4:30 this
morning a terrible accident took place on
the Central Pacific Railroad opposite
Towles Station, in Placer County. Three
persons were killed and four others pain
fully injured.
At 10 o'clock last night a fruit train
bound for the East pulled out of the
Sacramento station with Thomas Kelly
as the engineer and A. L. Perry as the
fireman on board locomotive No. 1993.
As the train was toiling up the steep
grade past the station of Dutch Flat the
boiler of the engine exploded. The roar
was terrific, shaking the surrounding hills
and the buildings of the town. The loco
motive was completely wrecked.
Engineer Kelly. Fireman Perry and a
coalpasser, supposed to be a tramp work
ing his way over the mountains, and
whose name is unknown, were instantly
killed. Their bodies were hurled a long
distance from the engine and were fright
fully mangled. Coroner Mitchell of Placer
County took charge of the remains.
The explosion occurred just opposite the
boarding house of J. R. Faller, a frame
building, injuring four persons therein.
Fragments of iron How in even,- direction
from the wrecked locomotive and (lid con
siderable damage to the Faller building.
Mrs. J. R. Faller was painfully cut
about the head and hands. Raymond
P\aller, aged 10. was severely cut and
bruised. Lawrence Faller, aged 6, had
his head badly cut. Henry Disque of
Colfax was hurt in the back, and it is
believed that several of his ribs were
broken. One car was thrown from the
track but was not damaged.
Engineer Kelly has been in thp service
of the railroad company for a long time,
but has been an enginerr only for about
a year. He served for several years as
a fireman. He was considered one of the
most promising engineers in the service
of the company. He was a native of
lowa, aged 32 years. His home was in
this city, where he leaves a wife.
Fireman L. A. Perry, who also lost his
life by the explosion, was hut 24 years of
age. His parent's live at Oleta. Amador
County. He has been in the employ of
the company about two years. Last night
he took the place of Fireman Leitch, who
started to his place in the cab, but be
came ill bof^re reaching the roundhouse
and returned to his homo.
The cause of the explosion is, of course,
unknown and never will be known. Lo
cal railroad officials say the boilers of
the locomotive were thoroughly tested a
short time ago and reported to be in first
class condition.
As soon as news of the wreck was re
ceived hero a special trnin started for
the scene bearing T. R. Jones, assistant
division superintendent: Master Mechanic
Heintzleman and Dr. T. W. Hunting
ton, superintendent of the Railroad Hos
pital in this city. Physicians were also
dispatched to the scene of the accident
from Colfax.
Power for Santa Cruz Powder Works.
SANTA CRt'Z, July 22.— A contract was
signed to-day for the furnishing of 150
horse power by the Big Creek Company
for the operation of the machinery at the
powder works. It is expected soon to be
increased to 460-horse power.
Bead the Exciting travels of two
French adventurers who were five
years making their way from San
I Diego to Paris, in next Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs W P Green Colusa J Suther. Pan Jose
W F George, Sacto D Puther. San Jose
M J Wripht. Racto J G Black. Saeto
H M Ivelong, BactO B F Heker & w, Napa
T R Hennessy & w, Mrs F Johnson, S Jose
Chicago J R Helbron. Salinas
A I' Price. X V C Kcknian, Salinas
Miss J L Dresser, Napa F Small wood, Stikton
J W Jenkins, ValleyFd R H Gilhprt. Rostnn
J C Needham. Mo*sto R Rrooks & w. SanLO
M M Odell. Bakersfid A Foster & w.Hartfrd
C T Elliott, Salinas J J Campbell, Gait
T Holmes, Los Gatos Dr N Green. Watsonvl
Mrs S Goodman. Tex T G Wnlker, Watsonv
H Dlbbler. S Monica Jll McEwen, Watsnvl
\V E Cumraings & w, R Keating, w & c.l' Alt
Los Angeles J G May, Hoston
F X Ainsworth, L Ang J H Hatcher, Sacto
L \V Harris. London C H Blemer, Sacto
J M Price, London F I. Coombs, Napa
Luella Gould. Napa IP Benjamin, Stockton
J W Pofrue, Visalia 111 Towers &w, College
E R Smith. L Ang ! City
C E Dryden, L Ang |O Wade. St Helena
A. '". HinKßOn, Sacto |T Cairns, Belfast
C T Jones. Sacto C Lipjnan & w, Sacto
J M Sively, Sacto 'H Lorentxen, Stockton
W Hatchelor, Grass V Bette Wiley, Los Ang
W liivkmiin. Sacto Mrs Wiley, Los Ang
R T Starr. N V May Wiley, Los Ang
C H Holmes. Sacto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J S Ptratton, Salt Lake 3 H Droste, St Ix>uia
R R Knos Denver J X Salsbury, Napa
t* N Davis, Denvci G W Jenks, Detroit
Mrs M Avidson, Idaho S H Hazard, Oregon
C C Douglass, 'Sonora X M Hills & fm. Oal
B Blum, I'ekinß ' Atohlnson. Reading
W H Windom & w. II! I H Sarsfleld. OrovllU
H Macarte & 3 d. X \ H D I'arker, Redding
X M Shafer. Africa C Kleinham, Cal
J !> Purnell, Africa R E Glazer, Ohio
M V. Harris, Oakland |R Q Burrows. London
G B Tamping, £W lit N D Armstrcmg. Kng
Q Wilson, Sa:i Johc W N Tevls. I>mdon
J H Smith, Chl B I> Angel. I,os Ang
J n Moss & w. La R O WorthlnKton. Va
Miss R Moss, La J D Ostrom, Richmond
W A Rogers, KlondlkeJ V YardW-y, IJoston
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Sanely, Ind J W Ellsworth, Cal
J W Wllllartl. Pa E Dellamarla. Fresno
AY O Dover, Ariz Mrs Lampman, Prtln
Q Hevan & w.Portlnd E L Titus. Pt Arena
M Allison, Ind W Harwlck, Modesto
C H Wolff, Ft Grant W Rutherford. Mont
J J Sharp. Frt Grant I B Jenkins. Chinook
M Mahoney, Ft Grnt M Knapp, Chinook
P Sweeney. Cal A Mitchell, Winters
W J Conlon, Cal C SnOdgraiM, Winters
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Friday, July 22.
Br stmr Rrlstol, Mclntyre, Nanalmo.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived .Inly 22 — Stmr
Kensington, New York for Antwerp.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUPINKP3 OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market •>--' Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock eve--v nljjht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£21 McAllister street; open until 3:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; -• -i until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
ICC Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission «treet: open until 9 o'clock.
,NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
meets :. open until oVlork. ■ -'''■■- ?~y
CHURCH . NOTICES.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church (corner Hayes and Ruchannn sts).
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, residence 3(W
Halßht St. — ) "reaching at 11 a. m. and 7:4.")
p. m. The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices. Topic at 11 a. m., "The Salt of the
Earth," and at 7:43 p. m.. "The Uncondi-
tional Surrender." Sunday-school at 12:30 p.
m., C. B. Perkins superintendent; Epworth
League meeting at 8:46 p. m. ; prayer meeting.
Wednesday evening at 7:46 p. m. The public
cordially Invited to all the services of this
church. Seats free. Ushers In attendance.
DIVIDEND NOTIC-S.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 83 (fifty cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany will be payable at the office at the com-
pany, 327 Market St., on and after August 1,
1898. Transfer hooks will close on Tuesday,
July 26, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES. |
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.- *
Officers and ■ members are hereby notl- «#%»
fled to attend the funeral of our de- J&JK
.ceased brother, HORACE H. MAR- '
TIN, from the hall .of this lodge TO-MOR-
ROW (Sunday), at 1:30 p. m. By order of
the W. M C. D. BUNKER, Sec.
THE officers and members of South Sat _»
Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and A. M.. __f\_
are hereby notified to attend the fvj- TK_JT
neral of our late brother, ADOLPH /V '
MUNDT, on SUNDAY, July 24, at 1 o'clock
p. m., from Masonic building, Fourteenth
and Railroad ayes.. South San Francisco.
By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2, ,v_a_i_x,
THIS EVENING. First degree __3__K__-
will be conferred -i*H*fc3sr
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M. -W^
COURT Occidental No. 6676, A. O. F.-^___*» >
Officers and members are notified to enf
attend the funeral ot our late brother, _l'l
WASHINGTON CRILLEI, at Forest- __>
ers' plat, Mount Olivet Cemetery, on SUN-
DAY. July 24. A special car will leave
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 1:30 p. m.
for exclusive use of members and friends. By
order
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief Ranger.
ST. PATRICK'S Alliance of America— T7i\~
Joint reunion and picnic will take r-y**N->
place at Shell Mound Park. Berkeley. )£tfcj6
SUNDAY. July 24. Members and '£5&--3
friends are requested to attend 7
Music, dancing and games; $150 cash gate
prizes. JOHN B. COSGRAVE, Chairman.
THE regular annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast Dredging and Reclamation Company
will be > 0d at the office of the company 36
Steuart street, San Francisco, California, en
TUESDAY, the 2nd of August, IS9S, at 3
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Trustees to serve during the en-
suing year and the. transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting
M. J. MADISON, Secretary. I
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meeting
of stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal.,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 1898, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday,
July 29, IS9B, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society's twelfth an-
nual excursion and picnic will take place at
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, SUNDAY, Au-
gust 7, If 98. • Adults' tickets 50c, children un-
der 12 years free. Boats leave every half
hour for park. Music by a first-class band.
ANNUAL meeting of the Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works — The I annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Risdon Iron and
Locomotive Works, for the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Beale and Howard streets, San Francisco,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August. 189S,
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
JESSIE RAYDEUR. alcohol baths and mas-
sage. 101 Eddy st., rooms 12 and 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room C; tel. r 6580.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15^ Turk and 1118 Market, run, 15-16.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment — Flrst-claas se-
lect help. 535 Market St.: phone Clay ISO.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework, $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A NO.l second girl, 2V4 years' city references,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter fit.
EXPERIENCED family servant, with refer-
ences from best city families, an excellent
cook, desires situation to cook and do light
housework; wages $25 per month. Box 109,
Call office. __^
YOUNG girl wishes situation for general
housework; city or short distance in country;
wages $15 or $18; see girl at office. 872 Broad-
way, Oakland. ,■"*-'- -:'■'■ J
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes a po-
sition to do general housework; good cook;
wages no object. Address box 273. Call office.
GERMAN girl wants position for general house-
work and cooking. Apply New Golden Gate
Hotel from 12 to 3 p. m.
SITUATION wanted by a woman with boy 7
years old to do housekeeping in city or coun-
try: good references. Box 117, Call office.
POSITION to keep books or assist; good
i mathematician. Call or address 1346 Market
St., room 23; references. .---..■ ■•. • ■■
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; good cook and laundress;
references; city or country. 2759 Mission s*..
EXPERIENCED German girl wants general
housework in a small family; city or coun-
try. Address L. M.. box 430, Call office.
COMPETENT girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; ref. Call 1205 Laguna st. j
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation: Is a
gdod cook: will do light housework; city or
a short distance in the country: will work
for moderate wages. Apply 10 Stockton |
place, off Stockton St., bet. Post and Sutter;
no postals. '
YOUNG German woman with a child would
like a situation for housekeeping or general
housework; country preferred. Call 210 East
St., between Howard and Folsom.
COMPETENT young lady, strong and willing,
desires a situation to assist at housework;
wages $12. Call at 819 Diamond st. i
GOOD cook wishes general housework. No. 2
Vernon place, between Harrison and Folsom. j
COLORED woman wishes position to do gen-
eral housework. 144 Fifth st.
YOUNG girl for general housework, plain cook-
ing; wages $15. Call at 710 Folsom St.: no
.postals answered.
STRONG Swedish girl wishes work by the day;
plain washing or any kind of work. • 1331
Fulton st. J^. H_
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation In a
respectable house; • general housework. Ad-
dress 32 Fourth st.
AMERICAN woman desires position to cook
for men; in answer state wages and num-
ber. Address box 194. Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office:
best help. 414 1 * O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese restab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
STRONG, active man wants position as sales-
man, watchman, porter, advertiser, butler,
nurse or man about place; city or country; |
. can furnish references. Box 317, Call office. |
YOUNG married coachman and gardener j
■ vishes situation in country: wife first-class ;
cook, 3 years in last place; first-class refer- j
ences. Box 283. Call office.
STEADY man wishes position as driver; drlva
a delivery wagon or milk wagon; drove milk j
wagon before: good references. Address B. i
WATER, Denver House. 217 Third st.
MAN about place; understands care of garden;
can milk and take care of horses; has good |
habits. Box 320, Call office.
STEADY reliable man wants situation; any
kind of work. Address New Golden Gate Ho-
tel, between 12 and 3 p. m.
JAPANESE desires place In dental parlor
where he can learn dentistry; wages no ob-
ject. K. SETU. box 232. Call office.
A BOY of IS would like a position In an office
or store. Box 153, Call office.
YOUNG man speaking English, French. Ger-
man and Malay with five years office ex-
perience: traveled In China, Japan and In-
dia; desires situation. Box 184, Call office.
SINGLE man, understanding the care of horses ]
and also gardener work and is handy with j
tools, desires position of any kind. Address
box 2SS, Call office.
EASTERN poultry man, having 15 years' ex-
perience with Incubator and raising poultry
extensively, wishes situation; capable of fit-
ting up poultry plant. P., room 75, New
Western Hotel.
STEADY, sober young man wishes situation as
gardener or coachman; handy with tools;
good references. Address W., box 7, Call
office. Oakland.
• YOUNG man, 20 years of age, wishes situation
In wholesale hardware or ship chandlery busi-
ness; strictly temperate. Box 159, Call office.
YOUNG married man wishes a situation to
take care of horses and work In a garden.
Box 26?. Call, office.
OPTICIAN; thoroughly competent; good diplo-
ma: will take position anywhere; store or
travel: have excellent and complete outfit.
OPTICIAN. 103 Grove St.
WANTED— By carpenter, a situation in city or
country; experienced In all Its branches: best
of references given. Address J. M., box 105
Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 60 to
$6 week: convenient and respectable; .free
'bus wnd baggage to and from ferry.
:_._'; HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
3 GERMAN and French second girls, $20; 2
ironers in laundry. $30 and $10 a week; 2 Ger-
man nurses. $15; German cook. 2 In family,
$20; 7 waitresses and chambermaids, $20,
$22 50; and girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
PRIVATE secretary to-day: highest referencs
required. 31.5 Bush St.; call early.
HELP WANTED- Contlnned.
A FRENCH second girl: a nurse. $30; 12 houae*^
work girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6
young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS CUL- '
LEN. 325 Sutter st. _______
A COOK and laundress, $25^ MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
A COOK, $30. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter it.
2 GERMAN second girls, $20 each. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
A REFINED German nurse girl, child 8 yean
old, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A WAITRESS and chamber maid, $20; 3
waitresses. $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
A. GERMAN nursery governess, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FRENCH nursery governeS3, $30. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl, housework, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A HOUSEWORK girl. Petaluma, $20; Oakland,
$20: San Mateo. $25; and other towns. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A SCANDINAVIAN or German cook, mining
camp, good wages. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
cTr. HANSEN ~& CO.. 104 Geary st, want to-
day: Head waitress, near city, $25. see party
here 10 a. m. ; head waitress, country, $2»; 3
waitresses, Santa Cruz, $20: waitress, resort
near city $20; 5 waitresses, different country
hotels. $20: waitress, South, $20; 2 fancy iron-
ers, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1M
Geary st.
C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st, want to-
day: Nurse fflrl and seamstress, country, sea
ladY here, $20. free fare: colored second girl
who understands care of children, $20, coun-
try; Jewish family cook, $25; E houseglrls
city, $20, and young girls to assist, $10 and
$12. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WAITRESS for Nevada, fare paid. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
> WAITRESSES for Santa Cnie. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.. want to-
day, waitress for Winnemucca, Nev., $25 ana
fare palcL
WANTED— Two French girls for second work
and sewing, $20; French girl for housework.
$20; nice young girl for housework and cook-
ing, small family. $25; young girl to assist.
$15 and $10- repasseus par laundree. $30.
LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton^s^
1 WAITRESSES $20 and found; 5 girls ai
cooks on ranches. MURRAX & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
OFFICE assistant who Is a good talker, must
write a good hand and use typewriter, for a
business office; wages $20 and increase. Ap-
ply box 302, Call office.
VVANTED^A bright, Intelligent working house-
keeper who can attend to the ordering. Ad-
dress, stating particulars, box 167, Call office.
FRENCH glrPfor second work; must know
how to sew. Apply 1348 Geary St., Monday,
between 9 and Q.
WANTED— Young lady assistant In manlcur*
parlors. Address boxJ79. Call office.
glrl about 13 to mind baby; good home; $5:
easy place. 1111 Howard st.
YOUNG girl to help a few hours each day,
housework. $5. 623 Turk st.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for ladles' tailor;
references: state salary. Box 191, Call.
LEARN dressmaking & millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell s. 108 Post.
LEA RN~~_ew7ngT aTlceisler Ladles' Tallori ng
College, US McAllister St.; patterns to order.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.: perfect fit; no trying on; trial tree.
HELP W ANTED— MALE.
BAKER, restaurant, $10 a week and found; na
Sunday work. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 >
Geary st.
cTr. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st, want to-
day 150 laborers. 100 rockmen at $3 a day fo«
the Skaguay railroad: special reduced fares
through us; write or call for particulars.
15 Italian laborers for British Columbia;
fare advanced.
100 teamsters and laborers for the Valley
Rood & Vlsalia extension.
Regular wages Free fare
10 laborers lor a large mining company,
wages from $1 60 to $2 50 a day, steady work,
reduced fare.
15 quarrymen for a rock quarry, $1 75 a day,
free fare.
5 men to bark logs, $35 and board, work all
year: head logger, $60; spool tender, $35;
pond man, $30.
2 Germans to work on a bean ranch, $20 and
board; 7 farmers, $20 and board; 5 choremen,
$10 to $12. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
TRUNKMAKER. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104
Geary st.
SHINGLE packer. $2 a llayl C. R. HANSEN"
& CO., 104 Geary st.
COLORED porter, hotel; see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT gardener and florist to take
charge of green houses, $60; see party here.
C. H. HANSEN & CO.. 10* Geary st.
COOK, small country hotel. $40; cook, hotel
near city, $40; cook for a club house, $35; 3d
cook, country, $35; second cook, hotel. $35;
porter who can wait table, restaurant, $25. C.
R. HANBEN & CO., HM Geary st.
SALOON cook, $60. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
BAKER, city. $10 a week. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
! KITCHEN hands for a springs hotel; steady
the year round: $25 and $20 and fare paid'
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
THIRD cook, $40. C. R. HANSEIN & CO.. i
104 Geary st. '
TEN WAITERS $25 and $20 and found
9 cooks $55. $45, $30 and $2r>
r> dishwashers $25, $20 and $15 and found
Young German to tend bar, etc.. s2o and found
P.akers helper $20 and found
2 blacksmiths and horseshoers and one
helper; gang edgerman $40 and found
Typewriter, stenographer, etc
5 lumber pilers $26 and found
Logway man, sawmill company $i 75 day
man to sort and grade lumber $l 75 day
Wheelwright, country $2 50 day
10 men to cut brush, clear land, etc., $30 and
found
2 choreboys $15 and $12 and found
85 woodchoppers $150 and $1 cord
96 tlemakers 8c to lie each
To the Great Mines
53 men to work as common laborers, no ex-
perience required, wages from $2 50 day; 125
railroad laborers and teamsters, free fare; 10
laborers for a gravel mine. $1 75 day
Also several hundred other places at
MURRAY & READY'S, Leading Employ-
ment and Labor Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
MARRIED
Farmer and wife, see boss here. MURRAY &.
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— American milker, $30; 20 laborers.
$1 75 to $2 day: 2 slack work coopers, $30 and
board; 3 carpenters for mine. $2 day and $40
and board: woodchoppers, $1 50 cord; washer,
country laundry, $30 and board; laundryman.
$30 and board: stableman, $50; cooks, waiters,
porter for country, and others. Appl" to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young man for undertaker parlors:
must have some experience in making coffins
and be willing to assist in eeneral work of
undertaking; salary $60 to $75. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Extra driver for milk route, city
experience and references required. good,
steady place at $3") per month and found:
porter for lodging house, $30; young German
to work about saloon short distance in coun-
try. $20 ami found: man tn pee! tanbark and
work in the woods, $30 and board, long jobj,^
good strong boy for ranch, near city, first-^
class place. $15 and found: cooks, waiters,
dishwashers, farmers, milkers and others.
w. i>. ewer _ CO., K4 Clay st.
WANTED— WaIter who can write bill of fare,
$35; waiter, short order house, J35: waiter for
hotel. $2f>; waiter as partner in restaurant;
extra waiter: nursery gardener. $25; butler.
$35, etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton St.
STOWAGES; young baker wanted to work on
bread. 714 Vnlencla st., between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth.
BARBER wanted. 58 Steuart street.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission «t.
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 1211 Market
St.. near Eighth.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 131 Third st.
WANTED— Good Kirber for Saturday and Sun-
day. 36 Second st.
WANTED— A bootblack. 12 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Boy to drive butcher wagon. 12«
WANTED— A waiter for restaurant and a dlsh-
washer at 108 Seventh st.
B< >V wanted to learn the saddlery and hamess-
_maklng business. 1297 Folsom St.
2 CHINESE cooks for a country hotel: $80 for
the two; must bake. Apply to box 152. Call.
WAITER wanted at German Hotel, Howard
»t.. bet. First and Second.
BARBER shop for sale: netting $80 per month:
\\ estern Addition; cheap. Box 294, Call.
W _V__i_ jD ~ Ratable persons In every section to
distribute circulars, samples and tack signs;
no canvassing; cash paid. WILL A. MOLTON
CO.. Cleveland. Ohio.
B 4^ n - H ? wanted for Saturday and Sunday. .
S»4 Valencia st. >
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenter*, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WANTED— Young man to learn the liquor
business. Brownstone Wine Co.. 3SI EIU» it.* HELP WANTED— Continued.
P~OBER man. understands mixing ■ drinks. In
wine h ius«; also act as indoor saleman; mar-
ried, speaking German, preferred. Box 255,
Call Off! ■ - - '.■ ■ - •
WANTED— A • Montana House, 764^ Mission,
men to take rooiv.s; !■■ . 15c and 25c per
night; 600, We and $1 per week. • t>
$50 A MONTH: young man with $150 wanted
as partner in genteel cash business in San
Rafael: bargain. Address Business, box 403.
San Rafael.
WANTED Registered druggist: recent gradu-
ate preferred; Ingle or married; living rooms.
1204 Market St. ...
TWO barbers for suburban town; steady posi-
tion. Apply S7l Market St., opposite Powell.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
iJKNT to take orders for printing. Apply P.
BOULIN. 519 Filbert Bt. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Exl Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, -17 Third St.; 150 large
rooms ; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn, barber trade In S weeks. .San
Francisco Bnrber College. ISB\4 Eighth st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employ m't Office. S.
FI.'CHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
MEN'S fine calf shoos to order, $2 50; men's
soling, .3oc: only, one price. !>59 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished, line, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c' night. Roaedale House. 321 Ellis st.
rRY Aim^" House, S.-7 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 2nc a night: $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms., 100 and 15c n:pht; 75c and $1
wi <'k. I.Uidel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WAN'TED-rTo collect -wages due laborers and
rlfrks. Ivnox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 TWrd st.. near
Market: '!'*■ rooms. 23e a nipht: reading room;
free 'Imp anil baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED— Specialty salesman for a partly
introduced and advertised article in whole-
sale grocery line; must have established trade
in Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley. - Ad-
dress box 203, Call office.'
WANTED— Agents to take territory for the
sale of Home Comfort Washing Machines;
patent No. 5W.023 granted Otto Spellmeyer.
St. Loii'.s, Mo.: quick selling article; liberal
commissions. F. OHF.RMILLER. State
Acent. Present address, 212» Charming Way,
a Berkeley. Cal. .
■WANTED— Solicitors for advertising purposes:
a rare opportunity for the right parties. Call
•tOSVi Mis="i-:i st.. near Fifth.
AGENTS, both sexes; quick seller; large com-
mission. AJ.lre>s LEFFLER & RUSSELL,
r? Jessie St.. S. F.
II KM 11 RE ■;. WASTED;
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Markft St.! tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BY gentleman, room and board with private
family, not to exceed $1< per nth, between
Market. Satter. and Larkln sts.. Box 269, Call.
'" WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— SmaII variety store or branch
r.akery: must be cheap. Box -. ■ «'all Office.
WANTED — Up to date novelties for country
towns 'California^ Box 134. Call office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— lOS- ROOMS; near Baldwin .7!7T56250
15 rooms; new and good.. 650
32 rooms: sunny corner; running water., 1609
14 rooms; transient 450
21 r.*'ins; ■elect; transient corner lfiiK)
"2 rooms-; fine sunny corner 140$
SI rW'ms;. fine for transients; part cash... .1050
66 rooms;! transient; byst d city; cheap.
12 rooms: rent $S0; come quick 1500
14 rooms: °-oo<l transient house: O'Farrell 1200
4fi rooms; Market st. : clears $2f>o; cheap.. IWO
ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market St. (L. W.
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C. Depker.)
KREDO &CO '.....:...... 22H~Geary St.
Money to loan at low rates..
).' rooms; clears $3'XK) yearly $5500
V rooms; Market st. ; exchange for realty 3500
>1 rooms; Sixth St.; exchange for realty. 25r0
IS rooms 1 ; family house: Geary et. 2000
12 rooms; apartment house 2800
13 rooms: clears $50; central Sf.o
0 rooms-; Eddy st. : rent $40 750
■• rooms; O'Farrell St.; give-away 225
ther good bargains. KREDO & CO.
PRICE $1000: 22 rooms; cheap rer.t; oak and
niaple wool furniture: jrnoJ carpets; 2 en-
tT»nof»,- 13 -«m<l IS^j . iron -i : %ooA in.luoe-
ments to rleht parties. "Apply to GREEN
PROS., en premises.
[.'"'PGrNG hous»: f.'"i4 Howard St.: 22 rooms;
r-nt cheap. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
'it FURNISHED roomi", corner house; trade for
'.•-•p.. 1352- Market St.. room *. -.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works — Cleans,
mores, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr.,
2> ar..l 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
U'HKN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Hcaf ing. Work?. 353-57 Tehama st. ; •■ 1. S. 40.
J.< McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 453
Ptcver.s^n St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
U-VANOE Carret-Cleanlng Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
t*l. Main 334: GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
rAßl'irrs cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
iTk. MITCHELL' Carpet-Cleanine Co.; 240 14th
.■ : rleanfn< 'a yard: tel. Mission 74.
:ONKLIN'S Carpet-T^atlng Works, Golden
Hate ave-.: tel. East 126.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plate's: light nd thin: warranted ten years;
tpeth} without plates, crown and briilce work
fur specialty; fillings. 5<V: crowns. $3 50; all
work painless an<l warranted. Chicago Den-
.tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
'no' charge for "^-farting when plates are
made; old 'plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per pet; extracting, Me: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
iv\t»ntee of Improved brliige work or t»eth
without "Plato. removed from 6 to 20 O'Farreil.
VAN VPOOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
■of teeth, $5 up: fillings. 28c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. S'?7 Market St., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK' methods at New York prices by
. New York dentists. M 3 Mission, cor. Sixth.
?ET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
..yOUyG, IS4I-Polk st. . . ■ -
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law. 880 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless - successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
U,L private law cages, Insolvency, collections,
, free advice; open cv. AttyMcCabe. 103 Larkln.
L. B. i-I..\RK-"Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ker; consultation free: no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. -14 McAllister ft , room 64.
.SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; airing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
t2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
1.1. kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repa-'.rln? at lowest rates. 205 Fourth ft.
STORAGE.
PIKRCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth, and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks." etc. Golrfen West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission st:: tel. Mint '1321.
» MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
TYPEWRITERS. . •
ST.W Hammond. $35; Calljrraph. $15; y ., . $25;
pet sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
ALL 'typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgomery.
LEGAL NOTICES.
(N the Court of Common Pleas No. 1 for the
County of Philadelphia and Commonwealth
or Pennsylvania. December term, 1597. No.
2SV4- In- divorce— EDWARD A. THKLLER
ye. VAf'.V K. THELLER
To MARY K. THELLER Madam: This is
(to notify you that your husband, EDWARD
A THKLLEK, has made application in the
wbove case for a divorce a., v. m. on the
Kit,und of adultery and willful and malicious
desertion. The undersigned has been . ap-
painted Master by the above Court and will
hold a meeting at his offices, Noa. -I'l and 525
Stephen Oirard Building. Twelfth street,
above chestnut street, Philadelphia. Peon-
■j.ylvr"K.- on' Thursday, August 4th,- a. D.
IS9S, at 1C o'clock a. m., at which time and
place you may appear In person or by coun-
sel to show cause, if any you have, why such
-a divorce' should not. be- granted against you.
FREDERICK A. SOBERNHEIMER.
Master.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s6ooo; bakery: one of the oldest and best-
known bakeries of this city, doing a large, i
first-class paying business; 6 horses, 3 wag-
ons; using daily 12 barrels of flour; sickness
of owner compels sale. Particulars WILKE
545 Market St. . .
$600— PARTNER wanted in a saloon and lodg-
ing-house; located on water front; doing a
paying business all the time and a rushing
trade with navigators; too much business for
one man; Investigate at once; a fine business
' opening. WILKE & CO., 845 Market at.
$500— GERMAN boarding-house, with saloon; 9
furnished rooms; rent $20;- surrounded by iron
foundries: a first-class opening and rare
chance. A\ ILKE, Hi Market st.
$500— RESTAURANT and chophou*Te; doing a
first-class paying business; close to Market
and 2d sts.: low rent; Investigate; owner 1
must leave at once and no reasonable offer
refused. Call on H. G. WILKE. 845 Market.
A.-$ 400; PARTNER In first-class paying busl-
ness on Kearny st., near Market, clearing
easily $2jo per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars, WILKE. 845 Market.
A— BARGAIN unsurpassed and unequaled;
groceries, candies, branch bakery, notions,
stationery, etc. store, with 4 living rooms, on
principal street, offered for sale at posi-
tively less than invoice value of stock: own-
er there 6 years and must sell at once on
account of departure for East; business
speaks , or itself; rent only $15. M. LESS,
■ P.i Market Bt.
SALOON 'near largest public building of
City, Where thousands transact business dally;
neat, attractive place, getting large share of
patronage. LESS, 765 Market st.
$2800— CORNER saloon; down town; on Market
Ft.; no competition; doing excellent business;
room for large increase; could be enlarged
into wholesale and retail liquor concern; no
better location in town for such purpose;
sickness cause sale. LESS, 765 Market st.
$300— CORNER saloon with 3 living rooms, in-
cluding furniture; good location principal
street; handsome place; neat and inviting:
large stock; daily receipts IS; rare offer; gen-
' vine bargain; hard to duplicate it. Apply
M. LESS, 765 Market St.. opp. Phelan bldg.
HIGHEST cash prices paid for restaurants,
saloons, fixtures, grocery stocks. STENBERG
&■ CO.. 2S^ Kearny st. ■
A-STENBERG & CO " —
'_ , 20' 2 Kearny St., near Market.
Fine liquor store $1,200
Restaurant, near carhouse 300
Corner grocery and bar: bargain 400
Old-established carpet beating works.... 1,200
Saloon, opposite the ferry 200
Candy factory and Ice cream parlor 600
Branch bakery; must be sold 200
$450— CORNER grocery and bar; big paying;
living- rooms; sacrifice account of death in
family. STENBERG & CO.. 26*4 Kearny.
$600— Grocery and bar; principal street; full
value in stock: 2 blocks of City Hall: a bar-
galn. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
Saloon and wine house; paying business.
Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$200-SALOON: half price this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$400— PARTNER wanted In- the manufacturing
of staple goods; steady man required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & C 0... -3 Kearny st.
$3000— BAZAAR, plumbing and tinware busi-
ness;, stock worth price: selling on account
of departure. MCLAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny st.
$1000— CANDY manufactory and ice cream par-
lor; elegant soda fountain; near theaters.
KREDO & CO. •
CANDY and Ice cream parlor: elegant fix-
tures; good business; make offer. KREDO
,v CO.
A— MEAT market; $2000 monthly; nothing bet-
< ter for practical butcher; make offer. KRE-
DO & CO.
WILL secure partnership in business in
live town near city doing $650 monthly: no
opposition; must be man of strict integrity
and a baker; given and required: fullest
Investigation courted. City Agency, »50 Mkt.
FRUIT and vegetable stand; Western Ad-
dition; $12 day guaranteed; trial given; a bar-
gain. City Agency, Ssu Market St.
$150— SALOON— furnished rooms, billiards,
dining room.- kitchen, rent $15 a month. BA-
' SILE. S73V-I Market st.
GREAT sacrifice; fish market: fine busi-
ness: 3 living rooms; low rent. BASILE, ST3V4
Market st.
A— FIRST-CLASS restaurant on Market: $250;
' $150 cash. ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT and building: long lease.
•ROGERS & HYDE. 1206 Market st.
.FOR SALE— flourishing, successful, up *to
date clothing business in Salinas; the most
■ promising town in California; owner has
' other business calling him East; no agents.
Address P. O. box 135. Salinas, Cal.
A— sl7s CASH will buy one of the nicest little
restaurants in San Francisco; positively given
away; see it; a snap for some live man and
wife: owner not understanding the business
cause of- selling. 310 Third St.; no agents.
BARKER shop, l chair: also building 12x16. I
$13o: great bargain: good business; at Shasta '
tarings. Address H. B. BASHAM, Duasmuir. I
Cal. - . - j
$3^O— PARTNER wanted; light business; indoor
work: no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. 9 Geary St., room 2.
FOR sale — On account of departure, small laun-
dry; -the best thing for married couple; cheap
rent. Inquire at 236 Ellis st.
BAKERY doing paying business; first-class
wagon route; within 50 miles of San Fran- '
' Cisco. Address J. S.. box 11. Call, Oakland. !
$10 RENT; saloon with fixtures, near Pacific
Mail dock; cheap rent. Apply 312 Sacra-
mento st.
GOOD agency cheap; party, going. East. Ap- j
ply E. H. KAEPPEL. 405 Turk st.
2000 ACRES. of coal- land- In one body on Coos '
Bay, Oregon, lying south of and Joining the
Newport Tract, the .best known and most
successfully worked vein In Southern Oregon. |
It lies 3 ! -2 miles from deep water at the en-
trance of Coos Bay proper, with a depth. of !
25 feet of water, with good anchorage and
the best natural advantages for a coaling
station on the Pacific Coast. This tract con-
tains two veins, the upper at an average
depth of 150 feet. 4 feet in thickness; the sec-
ond vein, 150 feet lower, averaging 6 feet, and
known as the Newport vein. Notwithstanding
-.the depth of these veins there is free drain-
age to three-fourths of the field. There is also
timber enough on the tract for all mining
purposes. For further particulars apply to
NEIL MUNRO, box 16. Marshfield, Or.
BEST-PAYING restaurant in Oakland; promi-
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
for $650; reason for selling, owner compelled
to go to Europe: trial given before buying.
Address Owner, Call office, Oakland. ;
BUSINESS man of some means wishes to In-
vest in some established business where ser-
• vices are an object: city or country; no
agents. Address box 332. Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; one of the best loca-
tions in the city; south of Market 6t. ; on ac-
count of sickness. Inquire at 258 Minna st.
$150— BRANCH : bakery, candy, notions and
hardware; nice trade: rare chance and cheap.
4301 Eighteenth St., near Castro.
FOR SALE— A fine restaurant In good location
; and doing a good business. Inquire at 216
E. Main St.. Stockton.
BAKERY; fine counter trade; best location in
Western Addition; sacrifice. 3025 Sacramento.
CORNER grocery and saloon for sale.
Box 431. Call office.
FOR SALE— a fruit store. 267 Third.
FOR — Cigar store. Corner Sixteenth and
Mission sts.
FOR sale— saloon; cheap. 422 Kearny st.
CANDY and cigar store; 3 living room*;
furniture; cheap rent: sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. £.28
Third Bt. '
BAKERY and candy store; No. 1 location; cash
trade; also spring wagon, cabinet-maker's
"bench and foot-power circular saw. 1601
■ Brush st., Oakland. -
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
German preferred: rent $10 month. . Address
ROSSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena.
FOR sale— Restaurant; best location: paying :
cash trade; owner has other business to at- :
tend to. J., box 5, Call office, Oakland.
CORNER grocery, saloon and furniture; no
opposition; fine location; apply by letter.
G. C. box 59, Call Office.
FOR SALE— grocery and bar: cheap. In-
quire Call Office. - •
A— slso— Restaurant ; 511 Castro; a bargain;
must sell. Apply ■•?: Mission st. ■
FOR SALE— HaIf interest 3-chair barber shop;
cheap. 19 Mason st. - t
ACROSS bay laundry; horse, wagon and Im-
plements; cheap; must be sold on account of
departure- Address box 303, Berkeley.
BRANCH bakery, notion and candy store; 2
living rooms; $150. 805% Filbert st. ; . j
£800— ROAD house and merchandise store on
main road near mines; worth double: party
having two places. Inquire 1633 Sutter st.
FOR" SALE— Stationery. Cigars and News
Agency; a bargain; cheap rent. • Address F.,
Box 180, Call.
GOOD grocery and saloon In Hayes Valley for
sale. Apply Call office.
HALF or whole interest in good paying butcher ;
shop- cash business; elegant fixtures; central
location. D., box 3. Call office. Oakland.
FOR sale— route at San Jose. For par- j
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
. W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in ' the United
States or Canada on« year for $1 50, postage .
free. .' -. I
THE SAN FK AS CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— BEAUTIFUL, sunny; 10 rooms and bath;
Golden Gatr aye. ; $30 to first-class tenant.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.
BAY-WINDOW house. 4 rooms and baeement;
210=4 Perry St.; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. L'MBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery St.
BUSH, 2132— House of 11 sunny rooms; rent $35;
all modern improvements.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
ELLIS, 1472. near Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye., nr. Webster— lo r. and
b. ; modern improvements; $50.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eastlake residence, S rooms
and bath; latest improvements; $35.
SKYKN and 8-room houses with bath; also sta-
ble; Eureka St., between Twentieth and }
Twenty-first; rent $15 and $16. BALDWIN !
& HOWELL, 10 Montgomery JJt^ I
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery Rt.
$60— ELEGANT corner house; 10 rooms, bath
and basement; hot-air heaters throughout.
425 Baker st., cor. Grove; call bet. 10 and 4.
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER. 36 Glen
Paric aye., off Twelfth st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, 3624— Sunny cottage," 6 rooms; base-
ment; bath; yard.
NEWLY renovated cottages. 6 rooms, bath;
basement; yard; cheap. iS76 15th, nr. Dolores.
FURNISHED COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished cottage fpreferred) or
house with yard, in quiet and otherwise de-
sirable locality, within the following limits:
Buchanan, Vallejo, Post, Mason;
2 or 3 bedrooms;
Will pay $30 to $60 for right kind of house.
Occupy August Ist to 10th; references.
Address box IS9, Call offiVe.
FLATS TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW flat, 3 rooms and~bat£ 1016
Mason st.
BEAUTIFUL flat, 8 rooms, bath; every conve-
nience; $30. 1505 Geary Bt.
CENTRAL aye., 910, near Golden Gate aye.—
Sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent $20.
EDDY, 607 — Unfurnished bay-window alcove; i
light housekeeping permitted; modern im-
; roveniems.
ELEGANT flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $35. 625
I'ost st.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms; also cottage, 4 rooms.
Second et. and Rincon aye.
FuLSi'M. :•■ ■ ■ md 6th— s r. and b. ; $14. !
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St. j
FRANKLIN, MS, cor. Fell— 2 sunny furnished j
rooms; bath, kitchen.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle flat, 7 rooms
ami bath; near City Hall; $28.
FII.LM' '!LE, 10C»4— Furnished 6 rooms, sale
cheap, and to let ; no agents.
GEARY. 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished: hall; gas; $18; water free,
HAVES. 889 Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath; re-
duced to $17.
HOWARD, 852— Brick bldg; 5 r. and b. ; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery Bt.
LANGTON, 37— 515; sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath.
1164 Perry st. : $1": flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market.
LBAVENWORTH, 1607 -Upper flat, 6 rooms
and bath: newly papered and painted; $14.
UcALLISTER, !'l r ..\. near Buchanan— Sunny
flat. 7 rooms and bath; cheaji
MCALLISTER, 12T,— Nice, clean, convenient
upper flat. 7 rooms, bath; appreciated if seen.
MCALLISTER. 1723, nr. Broderick— i r. and b.;
rent $25. ASHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery' st. |
MINNA. 546— T0 let; furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
MISSION. 562 — 3 large sunny rooms; complete
f >. r housekeeping; furniture all new; $2 week, j
NEW sunny flats. 6 and 7 rooms; latest lm- |
provetnents. 1144 Golden Gate aye., near
Webster st. |
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Bay window and '
kitchen; gas stove; bath; $14.
SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Flats, 6 rooms and
Lath; $U 50.
SUNNY corner flat of 5 rooms and bath; rent
reduced to $17 50. 45S Haight. cor. FHlmore.
BUTTER. 16138, nr. Octavia— 7 r. and b. ; $30. I
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
VALENCIA. 469. nr. 16th— 6 r. and b. ; rent $16.
ASHTQN & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag-
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen f
Park aye., $13. $14. $15. $13 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye.. off Twelfth st.
NEW upper modern sunny flats, 5 rooms
and bath. 2668 Twenty-second St.. nr. Bryant.
r.4 " rooms. 724 Harrison st., between Third
and Fourth.
$20— NEW choice sunny flat; all latest Improve-
ments. 17W Tlyrle st.. near Broadway.
43 FURNISHED houses and flats, from 3 to 30
rooms. In all parts of the city. A. M. SPECK
& CO.
ROOMS FOR HOCSKK.EKPING.
ALASKA PLACE, 5. off Mason, below Bay St.
— 1 or 2 furn. rooms; housekeeping; $4 each.
AT 62 Second— Nice single, double and light
boOsekPg rms; week. $1 to $2 50; day. 25 to 6'Jc.
BUCHANAN, 602. corner Fell— Sunny bay-win-
dows and kitchens, other rooms; 56 to $9.
FILLMORE. 1219— Furnished housekeeping and
single rooms to let.
GEART, S56 — Elegant sunny parlors; piano;
other suites, double and single; light house-
keeping.
HARRIETT, 3, off Howard— 2 sunny furnish-
ed housekeeping rooms; also single bedroom:
cheap.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnish-
ed rooms, first floor; also housekeeping rms.
HOWARD, 1113V4— Furnished and unfurnished
rooms, $1 up.
JEF-lE. 355—1 or 2 front rooms complete for 1
housekeeping; separate entrance; no children, j
LAFAYETTE. 31. bet. Eleventh and Twelfth i
stF. — 4 eunny rooms; rent $12.
LARKIN. 327, cor. Golden Gate — Nice sunny
room, $7; also housekeeping suite: gas stove.
MINNA. 2S-Furnlshed housekeeping rooms;
piano free.
MINNA. 349^i— Large front sunny double room;
also housekeeping room for rent; $6 and $5 per
month.
MISSION. 561, near Second— Large front room
and kitchen furnished for housekeeping.
MISSION, 945 — 2 large sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 1129— Newly furnished light house- j
keeping and others.
NINTH, 20— Front bay window suite; gas, run-
ning water, oil or gas stove; $15.
NINTH, 135—4 or 5 nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; all sunny and front-
ing on street; rent reasonable to family of
adults^
POLK. 605 — Large sunny neat alcove room and
kitchen; large closets at back; $18.
SECOND. 615— A sunny furnished floor, 3 rooms
an dbath; rent $14.
BHIPLEY, 261— Four rooms; $6. Apply premises
or 115-1 Guerrero: no children; no animals.
SIXTH. 314 — Front baywindow suite with
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; $13.
THIRD. 309 — Large furnished room for house-
keeping. $6 to $7; single front room, $5 to $6. I
■ ' '_■ i
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
rTAV^RriToorTT^lean sunny rooms; separate
entrance: nice grounds; central. 615 15th st.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 147 Powell, 201 O'Farrell— Rooms by the
day. W'-ek or the month; reasonable.
A— SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell: elevator; baths: best attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 4».
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class :
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Nice sunny rooms, single
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms: pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonaole.
BOHEMIA. 23y Post— Two blocks from princi-
pal hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences. ;
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished tingle and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY, 31S— Sunny suite and single rooms;
newly furnished.
ELLIS. 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny j
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $8 week, j
FOLSOM, P2O, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms. ; also housekpng. ; very reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
.single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
GRANT, 309— Furnished sunny front bay win-
dow rooms; double -and single; $2 50 per
week up.
GOLDEN GATE aye.; 618— Sunny parlor and
piano, with board for 2, $45.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished sunny front room; running water; pri-
vate family; reasonable. ■•■...
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— family
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 524— A nice alcove sunny room, suit-
able for two gentlemen ' or for light house-
keeping for man and wife: also a pleasant,
large room for two gentlemen or light house-
keeping for man and wife. -
HYDE. 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites; running water, bath and
gas; "first-class every respect: terms reasnble.
JONES. Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
MCALLISTER. Nicely furnished single
and double rms.; reasonable; opp. City Hall.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Sunny room; running
water; gas; $6.
OAK, 119— Small furnished front room suitable
for one or two; $5.
O'FARRELL. Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day. week or month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 706— A small sunny room for gentle-
man. ,
TURK. Large front sunny room for an
office; also housekeeping. ' !
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, Elegantly furnished front sunny
bay-window room; first-class board; home
cooking; gas; bath; running water; piano; use
of private team; telephone; summer rates.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private bearding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HYDE, 1105(Hotel Victoria)— sunny rooms;
bath, gas, telephone; with breakfast, $10 mo.
LOVELY sunny rooms 'for 2 or 3; board; "pri-
vate. 3002 California st.
BUTTER, Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE ORIEL — New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
THE HEATH. 312 Eddy— family board-
Ing house: first-class all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE Blnpham, SO7 California— Sunny rooms.
with good board; reasonable; home cooking.
CHILDREN BOARDED. .
FRENCH lady boards children or Infant;
mother's care; nice home. 1107 Clay st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. .
STORES TO LET.
CITY Hall square, 17— Large light store; $50.
| ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st. '
TURK, 422. near Larkin— Store; $16. ASHTON
( & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery St.
CORNER store on Geary st., near Taylor; rent
reduced. Apply 544 Geary st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., Store; 4 rooms;
suitable for a barber shop.
LARKIN, Large light store; rent $25.
MARKET. 1704— Part of . hair-dressing store;
reasonable; opposite Tenth st.
SMALL .country store to rent; cheap. Apply
to FEDERSPIEL, 636 Market St.
STORE, fixtures, showcase; suitable for candy
and bakery: 4 living rooms In rear; rent rea-
sonable. 2S4S Folsom st. ; '
T OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA BPR Eck"ELs"buiidhTgrV2T jJarkeVst!^
Light cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building—
Elegant offices for rent.
— —^— — — — — ■ — ■— — —^—
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1893; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
i latest war recitations for parlor, platform or
stage use. taught by Mrs. Klncaid.-at her
School of locution and Expression. Alcazar
building, 120 O' Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, • telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON'S Academy. 1247
Franklin sf.: co-educational boarding and day
school; complete English, French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30. . .
UNIVERSITY coast— Newell Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Charming way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 672 Parrott bldg.
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary st.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $<
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
•is , San Francisco, and Thirteenth and ,
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices; terms easy; prices low-
est; everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL $350 piano, walnut case, finest
condition, $185 cash: party must sell. BENJ.
CURTAZ & SON, 16-18-20 O'Farrell St., Chick-
ering agents.
LADY who has gone East left fine upright
piano for sale; best offer takes it. J. DEW-
ING CO., second floor, flood building.
WE invite critical examination: new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO., 41 Geary .at.,' I
corner Grant aye., Conover agents.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310 312 Post st.
FINE upright for $150; come early if you want
to secure a bargain. THE'ZENO MAUVAIS
■ MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
ELEGANT new pianos for rent, $2 50 month.
SCOTT CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion: must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. XV. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis at.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Htbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell at.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
FOR sale— Handsome standard bred bay mare,
j black points; 16 hands 1 Inch high; age 5
years; weight 1000 lbs; sound and gentle;
sired by Election, by Electioneer, dam by
Wormwood, by Nutwood, 600, grand dam ■by
Jno. Nelson; well broken; trial given. Inquire
347 Fremont st, in rear.
FOR sale — Good blooded horse, cheap; 6 years:
unbroken. MRS. LANKENAU, corner
Thirty-fifth aye and L st, South.
40 HORSES for sale r also wagons, buggies,
carts,- harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR SALE— 2O head horses: must be sold. Ap-
ply Tomklnson's Livery Stable, 57-61 Minna
St., between First and Second.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
. kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. ■
HORSES and wagon for. camping for sale
.cheap. Apply 712 Polk Ft. • -■'■.-■ '
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR aale— Horse and wagon In good shape;
suitable for peddling. 446 Sixth st.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
. for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale ; of . harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness, Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall,
■ ' -; : ■" BICYCLES. V-i-V
'BICYCLE; gent' a:. highest. possible grade man-
' ufactured: '98 model: nearly new;' cost ,$75;
price $25 cash. Box 240, ' Call office. ■
PERSONALS.
GENTLEMAN wishes to meet honorable young
lady; pretty, refined, well educated: object
t matrimony; means not necessary. Box 309,
Call office.
I MY wife, CATARINA MORTE. having left
my bed and board, I will not be responsible
for any debts contracted by her. WILLIAM
DELLA MORTE. 723 Greenest.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
■t., is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several of his pupils will sing leading parts;
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay Jl monthly in advance.
! =========!=================
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
! PROFESSOiT^Nd"mR^T~FOSTER wish their
friends and pupils to know they are still con-
ducting their dancing school at Mozart Hall.
1358 Market st; dancing classes every Tuesday
and Thursday; social dances every Wednesday
and Saturday; the waltz and reverse posi-
tively guaranteed.
j THE best hair dressing for the least money of
! any place in the city, 25c only; hair restored
! to its natural color for $1 50 up; good
switches, $1; finest, $3 50: extra, $5. Open
Sunday, 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ. 552 Castro st., Oak-
land; treatment, $2 50; reliable practitioner.
USE Qulnonia and have a fine head of hair. G.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton et.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 inches.
10c; SxlO and 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17. 25c: ICx2O, 30c: 18x22, 3r,c; 20x24. 45c; 22x
iS. 60c; curtain poles complete. 15c; rm. mold-
lng-.all colors.lc ft;open eve.Jones.s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Thlrc! st.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per nlrht- *1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggape to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; hairdresslng, popular prices.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth st., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Instalments. L.
T MOS, 1117 Mar!-et St.. bet 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dreses, *5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy st., rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. M. OMAR,
THE OCCULT WONDER,
Can tell your mother's maiden name: name
of your sweetheart or husband: full name of
every caller. Invaluable advice on all affairs
of life, law, business, love, marriage, di-
vorce, etc. Unites the separated, causes
speedy marriage. Satisfaction guaranteed or
no fee accepted. 325 Eddy St.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated: changes luck: locates burled
treasures; letters answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight: diagnose disease, full life reading: la.
60c, gents $1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
WILL be absent from city for short time;
watch for announcement of my return. MRS.
DR. F. CLARK. 1206 Market st.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 2Sc up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
j MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. •
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
I present and future: 25e. 148 Sixth et., room 10.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession; never falls: advice: help. ">29 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRP. ELLIsT medlumT 233 Valencla~strTrea^
ings, $1; clr. Tues., Frl., 2 p. m.; Sat. S: 25c.
M FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. US Halght ft.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton =t.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Lecture Sunday eve. 305
Larkin: readlnc? daily at r<>« . nf>3 Oeary st.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies— C onlr iJr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
Ui years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any diseases or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy. privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated: no
delay: self-cure sent; call or write: free: con-
fidential. MRP M. DAVIES, 122S Market
St.: pills. Jl: very strong, ?2; cure, $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all rases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment: every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential: pelf cure, $5; pills, $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jone3.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble: no matter
from what cause; no medi<ine or instru-
ments used: restores in one dny without fail;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free: can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1; cure $5: by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $5: travelers helped Instantly:
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$1 50: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Pegun Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Col.
DR. and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.. private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. <">. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
LADIES wishing secrecy during confinement
can find good home & treatment by Mrs. Karr.
2514 Fulton St.; McAllister car passes house.
DR. HALL, 122S Market st., diseases of women
and children.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment. $2 50. 852 Castro st., Oakland.
MRP. ARCHBARD. midwife; home in confine-
ment: confinement alone. -$5. 156 Second St.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. |
SECOND-HAND pipe, 3, 4 and 6 inches, for
water, gae or oil. W. F. THOMPSON, 40
Main st.
A FINE thing for a present; full line of
graphophones. $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
i TWO fresh milch cows for sale. 217 Hearst
aye.. Sunny Side.
THOROUGHBRED Japanese pug; also a pup
S weeks old; cheap. 6598 Second st.
SECOND-HAND lumber: 2xlo, 2xS, 2x0., 2xl.
Buchanan st., near Jackson.
GOOD horse and buggy and harness for sale
cheap. Apply 645 McAllister st.
SALE or exchange fur steam plant; lumber or j
spring wagons, I>urkv or harness. 209 Dorland. j
l'HiiNin»UAr:is. <:■ ; nnmis, *:• per dozen!
j projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 938-946 Market.
i FOR sale— Small Otto gas engine. Apply ea^
loon, 1802 Seventh St., Oakland.
I FIRST-CLASS windmill, 2 large tanks, brass
i pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
> BOILER. 42x14, with steam drum, complete
will test to 175 pounds. WHITE, 516 Mission.'
$137 50--FISHEK upright piano; good condition;
$10 down anil $5 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery', engines, dynamos, electl
i goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
! SCALE, safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press"
; cheap, at 621 Mission st. '
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery M<>
INTOSH A WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES, new and second hand, cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
i SAFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all
1 sizes* half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission st.. nr. Seventh.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
I FOR SALE— Trip to Dawson City and a year's
I provisions. Apply at ISOI Market st.
CITY REAL ESTATE. •
$650 WILL build 4-room bay-window cottage
' complete; will ; call. SALSBURY, " Builder,
• 521 X st, Sunset District. ' ?. ; ;• >
FOR sale— Twenty-first st., near Bryant; 7-
room cottage: open to-da;' from 1 to 4 p. in.
: J. FLAHERTY, builder, 1207 Market nr. Bth.
TWO flats for sale on 2936 California St., near
Baker. Inquire at 308 Pacific St., cheap.
PLANS, specifications-, etc., Submitted ' for any
kind of building. W. W. KIiDNALL. builder.
, 1326 Hayes. • ■ -. .-. ■
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Nice little home of 2 acres, all in
. choice fruit; good house of 6 rooms, with
. bath: part of furniture; barn, chicken nouses, i
: windmill and tank; excellent water piped all j
: over the place: horse, wagon, 1 cow. new top '
; buggy, 300 chickens; 2 Incubators and brood-
| ers; tools, etc.; 1 mile Petaluma P. O. ; price
; $3000; no agents. ; Inquire Eintracht Saloon,
; Petaluma. • •
FOR RENT, Millwood. Mill Valley, near sta-
tion; 4 rooms and bath; fully furnished cot- .
tage, from August 1. or will exchange for
■ winter for furnished flat in city. Address M.
, 8., box 323, Call office. j
$8 50 PER acre— Fine " grain ranch, 680 acres; j
! all level and half Is rich bottom land; some i
■ large oak trees; house of 7 rooms; large
barns; this Is one of the best bargains of-
fered. GAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny st. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J. CALLAGHAN. real estate dealer, notary
- public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; largo lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral; 639 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner. R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1822 OroT«.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms with board; quiet neighborhood;
near local trains. 1020 Adeline St., Oakland.
ALL conveniences; new furniture; housekeeping
or single; board optional; $3 month up., 679
Broadway. ■ . ' -.-
OAKLAND ROOMS. ".
NEWLY furnished sunny bay-window rooms
and offices. 476 13th St.. corner Washington.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL^
HAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh Bt. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA BARGAINS.
— Lot 33:4x100; neat house; 4 rooms and
bath; any terms.
1 1500— Lot 25x130; nice house; 5 rooms and
bath: any terms. * ■
$2200 — Lot 25x147; nice new shingled 2-Bt«ry
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$1500 — Lot 40x100; 2-story; 7 rooms; worth
$2500.
$2SO0 — Lot 42x150: elegant new modern cottage;
7 rooms and bath; up-to-date.
$3000 — Lot 42x150; line NW. corner; 7 rooms
and bath; new and modern.
. Lot 100x145: elegant corner lot, with 9 rooms
and bath, stable, fruit trees, etc.
All well located; near, school and station;
street work done. Apply at once to
H. P. MOREAL & CO.,
Houses to let. 1432 Park St.. Alameda.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chaptn st.
FOR sale immediately, cheap, house and lot.
35x115; 5 room* and bath; all' new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from Grand-st. Station; 1525
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alfttneda.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED modern house, 7 rooms and re- |
ception hall: right party cheap; owner going;
East. 1378 Weber St., Alameda. . |
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, 8-room house, lot 60x ;
1*7:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station; also :
B-room cottage, $1350. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2119 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A FINE house and lot in Oakland (clear) for
San Francisco ' property; will assume" mort-
gage. ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
A — WILL sell or trade for a lodging house, a
new and second-hand store; central. ROGERS
& HYDE. I*o6 Market st. ■ . ■ ■ ■
PROPERTY WANTED.
LOT wanted suitable for coal yard, about 40
feet front: south of Market, east of Main St.;
owner to make improvements; long lease will
be taken. Address, stating terms, box 295,
Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
Is rd or Alameda, at lowest ratis. without j
removal; no commissions; no delays. J. 1
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. übove
; Sixth: telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed payti,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all businiss I
stiictly confidential; private offices. M. E. I
DCUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny st., up*tairr.
HIGHLY respectable ' and pr 'te place to ob- '
tain liberal advances on d. .ionds and Jew- !
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private part-. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at B'i per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro- !
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery rm. 3. i
$1000. $25^0, $3500, 8 per cent, on city .real es-
tate. Box 321, Call. . ,
SECOND mortgages & undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest rates;.
, . no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$,V> TO $50,000: lowest rates;- Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
$1000 AT 18 per cent, repayable $100 per month.
', Box 289, Call. . . ■
PHYSICIANS. ~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence, •
1206 Market; diseases of women " a specialty.
~ PROPOSALS. — ™
PROPOSALS— the leasing for five years of
two blocks of land, known, as "Market
Places," bounded by Channel, Irwin, Hud- !
son and Fifth streets. Office of the Clerk of ;
the Board of Supervisors of the City and j
County. of San Francisco, July 19, 1898:
In accordance with -Resolution No. 892 '
(Fourth Series), of the Board of Supervisors
■ sealed proposals will be received in open ses-
• sion of the Board of Supervisors on Monday
afternoon, July 25, 1898, from 2:30 .to 3 o'clock
for the leasing, for a term of five (5) years
the two blocks of city property situated on '
the south side of Channel street, and known
as "Market Places," bounded by Channel :
Irwin, Hudson and -Fifth streets, under the
following conditions, to wit:
CONDITIONS— The lessee shall, where '
necessary, fill in. the said blocks, and the
• said blocks must be to • the official grade at {
the expiration of the lease.
That In no event will the city and county j
! agree to give an entrance or approach by i
land to the said property, as the lessee will j
' be required to procure, a right-of-way by [
land, if desired or required, at his own cost
and charge. '
The lessee will be required to give a bond
in the sum of five thousand ($5,000 00) dollars
with two good and sufficient sureties thereon
! that the conditions herein required : will be
strictly complied with, and on railing to com-
ply with any of the said conditions, then the
said lease shall thereupon terminate and be
of no force or effect, and the amount of said
bond shall be forfeited, and shall be paid or •
collected by suit for the city and county' as
' liquidated damages for such failure and neg- ■
lect. I
All Improvements made by the lessee ■on i
said blocks shell at the expiration of. the
lease revert to the city and county.
Bidders will estimate and state the amount
they. will pay monthly as rental for the two
, blocks Jointly, with the distinct understand-
ing that the lease will be made to the highest
bidder therefor, and that the payments on I
said lease shall be - made monthly to the !
Mayor of this city and county. , i
!- -The party to whom s the lease may be I
, ; granted will be required, prior to or at the I
time of the execution of the lease to pay
. the cost of advertising this notice in three
; daily newspapers. • '..•.. •
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil- '
itate the granting of the lease, the Board has :
resolved to receive no bids unless made upon '
blank forms prepared by the committee, and '■
a certified check for the sum of one thousand
■ ($1,000) dollars deposited by the bidder with '
and made payable to the Clerk of , the Board '
of Supervisors, conditioned if the proposal
be accepted and the lease granted; and if the
bidder, shall fall or neglect to pay the print-
- . ing charges and sign the agreement, and give
the required bond within six days after the
said .lease •is granted, then and in that cast
' the said sum shall be paid Into the City and
« County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such . failure and neglect. •/••>(■ ■>■
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
. The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if th» public good so require. ■ „
. . JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
■ ■ ■ .. LOST. - - -. .— .-■ •
LOST — Friday morning, cocker spaniel; black,
white mark on throat; silver-plated collar;
companion of invalid; liberal reward. Return
to 1309 Larkin st. •; - -■ . ■ ■ ■
Half -grown fox terrier puppy, male,
white with brown patches. Return to 2534
Mission st, and receive reward.
PLAN of house signed "Ph. Schwerdt, Archi-
tect. 622 Larkin; suitable reward.
LOST— cape, yellow silk lining; re-
ward. 3937 Eighteenth st.
LOST — Monogram bracelet, Tlvoll Cafe,
Wednesday; liberal reward. Return to W. 8.
- TABER, SlO Market st.
LOST— Saturday night, July 16, fox terrier;
answers to the name of Klondyke; had license
No. 1974. Return to 521 Sansome. St. and re-
ceive reward. ■ ?
- -MARRIAGE . LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Henry Frosch and Ida Peterson 32-32
Frank Strubel and Mary L. McKenna 28-23
A. L. Cothran'and Mabel G. Harding 33-21
Gottlieb Jaeggi and Marie Peutz... 26-32
Silas H. Cochran and Fannie G. Rlden 31-26
George H. Patch and Hertha E. Weu1e.... 25-20
Antone Scaflno and Giuseppa Manescacca.. 2s-18
• BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— ■
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
banded in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BITTEL— this city, to the wife of Joseph
Bittel, a daughter.
DAVIS— this city, July 21. 1838, to the wife
of W. F. Davis, a daughter. ' . __^^
MARRIED.
BORGFELDT— In this city, July
21, IS?S, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Christoph
Borgfeldt and Anna C. Schaffer.
CAMERON— HALL— 13. 1898. by the Rev.
S. S. Cryor, D.D., Howard Cameron and
Lillian Hall.
MURRAY— HANSEN— In this city. July 21.
1898, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke, Howard
C. Murray of San Francisco and Elise C.
Hansen of Belmont, San Mateo County.
STEINHAGEN —In this city,
July 20, 1898, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler.
Julius H. Spreckels and Auguste Stelnhagen.
DIED.
Adams, J. F. ' Murphy, James
Brittain, May -. Murphy, John.
Brown. "VMiam Neumann, Minna
Burrill, John W. . Niel, Eveline
Campbell. Joseph O'Day, Dennis J,".,.'
Gustafson, Hedvig F. Paxton, Ada V.
Hallanan. John Ruegg, Anna .
La Faille. Samuel J. Rupiirsk], August
Martin, Horace H. - Tozer, Rosa H.
Mundt, Adolph , . Trautner,. Louisa
ADAMS— In this city, J. F., dearly beloved
husband of. Mrs. Adams, a native of New
Hampshire, aged 62 years and 2 months.
BRITTAIN— In this city, July 20, IS3S, May.
dearly beloved wife of William Brittaln.
mother of Alvina Brittaln, daughter of Julia
and the late John F. Mead, and sister of Mrs.
J. W. Hennessy and. Leslie. Katie, Michael,
John, Willie and Winnie Mead, and' niece
of Mrs. M. Brennan and the late Michael
Mead, a native of South English, lowa, aged
21 years 8 months and 20 days.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
, dence of her mother. 3247 Mission streeet,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her boul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •
BROWN— the City and County Hospital,
July 22, 1898, William Brown, a native of
Scotland, aged 44 years.
BURRILL— In this city, ' July 22. IS9S, John
W., beloved husband of Sybil Burrill. and
father of Wesley Burrill, a native of lowa,
aged 41 years.
CAMPBELL— In Petaluma, July 21. 1898,' Jo-
seph, beloved husband of Lucy Campbell, and
•father, of Harold, R. .Campbell, a native of
Scotland, aged 67 years. " ■ n
Funeral at Petaluma to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 1 o'clock. . . .
GUSTAFSON— In this city, July 22, 1893, Hed-
vig F., beloved wife of August ■ Gustafson.
and mother of Hildur and Albert Gustafson.
a native of Sweden, aged 30 years 4 months
and 20 days. "• -^;>-
HALLANAN— In this city, July 21, IS9S, John
Hallanan, a native of Gal way, Ireland, aged
69 years.
C?* Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor, & Co., 767 Mission street.
LA FAILLE— this city. July 22. 1898, Samuel
J., beloved husband of the late Julia La
Faille, and father of. Mrs. A. Comte Jr. and
■ Marie E.. Frank H.,. Henry. A. and Samuel
La Faille Jr.. a native of Saint Jean, prov-
ince of Quebec, aged 6S : ears 4 months and
3 .6 days. i ■ •
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
July 25. ISPS, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3320 Twenty-second street, near Va-
lencia, thence to St. Paul's Church, corner
' of Twenty-ninth and Church Streets. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city, July 21. IS9S, Horace
H. Martin, beloved brother of Russell R. and
Lucien L. Martin, a native of San Francisco,
aged 28 years and 24 days. A member of
Stanford Parlor No. 76, N. S. G. W.
[CTFnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, under the auspices of
Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.. from
the Mission Masonic Temple, 2668 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. Interment- Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of H. C.
•Bunker. & Co., Mission Masonic Temple. • .
MUNDT— In this city, July 22, 1898, Adolph
Mundt, a native of Germany, aged 65 years.
> Friends and acquaintances are respect-
-invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
"(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Hall, South San Francisco, under the aus-
pices of South San Francisco Lodge No. 212,
■ F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MURPHY— In Port Costa, July 21. 1898, James
Murphy, beloved brother of Dennis Murphy
of San Francisco. Daniel and John Murphy
of Montana. Michael Murphy and Mrs. J.
' Crowley of Port Costa, and nephew of Dennis
and Patrick Murphy arid the late Mrs. Kear-
ney, a native of the parish of Caheraga,
' County Cork;' Iceland, aged 24 years. :
inJ"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 7:45 o'clock train from Port
Costa, arriving at Market-street ferry, San
Francisco,- at 9:15 o'clock. Interment Holy
' Cross • Cemetery- -
MURPHY— In the City and County ■ Hospital,
July 22, 1898, John Murphy.
NEUMANN— In this city, July 22. 1898, Minna,
beloved wife Of Joseph' Neumann, mother of
Gustave, Solomon, Louis and Abraham Neu-
mann, and sister of Mrs. I. Neumann, a na-
tive of Germany, aged .72 years and 14 .days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atttend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10:15 o'clock, at the
' residence of her son, 1416 Vallejo street, be-
tween Polk and Larkin. Interment Hills of
Eternity - Cemetery, ..by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. ■
NIEL— In this city. July 22. IS9B, Eveline Niel.
stepdaughter of F. N. Dunn, arid .niece, of
Mr. and Mrs. G. Smith, a native of Lower
Lake, Cal., aged 14 years.
O'DAY— this city. July 22, 1898, Dennis J..
beloved husband of the late Jane O'Day, and
father of John F.. Edward T., James H.,
Robert E. and Teresh O'Day and Mrs. -Mich-
ael McNeil, a native of Ireland, aged 66
(CT Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of McAvoy & . Gallagher, 20
Fifth street. ' ...
PAXTON— Passed ■on to the Higher Life, in
Alameda, July 22, 1898, Ada Bowen Paxton,
wife of the late Charles H. Paxton. mother
of William Laurence Paxton. and sister of
Mrs. Alfred Todhunter and Miss Clara
Bowen.
RUEGG — In thjs city, at the residence of , her
parents. 184 Pre'clta' avenue, Anna, dearly be-
loved daughter of Frank and Maria Ruegg.
'•• and dearly beloved sister of Maria, Louisa,
' ' Anton, Joseph, . Frank. Leo • and . Charles
Ruegg. a native of San Francisco, aged .23
years 3 months and 2 days. A member of
the ■ Third • Order of St. Francis and Yuung
Ladles' Sodality of St. Anthony's' parish. '
CTFrlen']* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral '-this day
• (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of "her parents, IS4 Preelta avenue, be-
tween Mission and' Howard' streets, thence
"to St. Anthony's Church, Army street, • near
•- Folsom. where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for ■ the repose of • her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RUPINSKJ-rln Fairfax, July 20, !S9S. August,
dearly beloved son of Adele and the. late
August RuplnskJ. a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years 4 months and 20 days.
• •• ' (CXFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), fit 2 o'clock, from, the residence
of his mother, 1301'Larkln ptreet, near Pine.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ■/
TOZER— In" this cfty. July 22. 1898; Rosa. H..
• beloved wife of Henry C. Tozer, and mother
of Amy. Bessie and Frank Tozer. a ' native
of Sacramento, a l.. aged 32 years.
TRAUTNER— In this city. July 22, 1898, Louisa,
beloved wife of Charles Trautner. and mother
of Gustave A.. Theodore, Rudolph. Louisa
and-Adellna Trautner, a native of Germany,
aged 60 years. ■ ■aiaP? ' : ' ■
trTFrtenils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
. (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late' resi-
dence, "516 Stockton street, between Bush and
Pine. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. B
TUNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMED I
. . Ml iIfTH ST., Opp. Linsola ijaaJ.. / - jT
Telephone, South 30. 1
— »^— — r**- t **-■• ■-■---■--*-— ■•■*-—-»— -~~- —
..Estab. IKS. : Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors nnd'Embalmers, .'
22, 24 AND 26 AUNT AVENUE. .
Lady assistants. (Spacious chape, for the urn
et our patrons. Rubber Urea on our ara&ulanctb
1314
CHINESE FROM
HAWAII WILL
BE EXCLUDED
Assistant Secretary Howell Over
rules Collector Jackson's
Opinion.
A Prominent Lawyer Says There Is No
Warrant in Law for Admitting
the Mongols.
Call Office, Biggs House,
Washington, July 22.
Assistant Secretary How
ell was asked by The Call
correspondent what action
would be taken by the
Treasury Department if Chi
nese arrived in San Francisco
from Hawaii after the Amer
ican flag had been raised
over the islands.
"The Chinese exclusion
act now in operation will be
strictly enforced by this de
partment," said Howell,
"until Congress meets next
December, when this depart
ment will ask for legislation
on this subject. No Chinese
without a certificate issued
in the United States will be
allowed to land. They will
be sent back to Hawaii until
Congress by law decides
what shall be their status
under the annexation of the
islands."
"That settles the whole matter," said
Collector J. P. Jackson yesterday when
shown the above dispatch from Wash
ington. "If Assistant Secretary Howell
issues instructions to me in accord
ance with the foregoing there is noth
ing left for me to do but to follow
them out to the letter. No, I shall
not make a test case by permitting
one Chinaman from Hawaii to land and
having the matter carried Into the
courts. The Assistant Secretary says
they cannot land, and that is all there
is to It. Not one Chinaman from the
islands can enter this port, and if any
attempt it they will be sent back."
This statement by Collector Jackson
is directly opposite to that made by
him the day before and published in
The Call yesterday. Then he was of
the opinion that Hawaii, being a part
of the United States, Chinese residents
of those islands had a perfect right to
pass from one portion of the United
States to another without hindrance.
He thought that if any Chinese should
HE SHIES HIS CASTOR.
L. B. ELLERT, Who Has Declared Himself EepuWican Canfli
ilate for Governor.
There la a new Richmond In the field to do battle for the honor of
bearing the standard of the Republican party In the coming campaign in
this State. He is none other than L. R. Ellert, twice Supervisor and later
Mayor of San Francisco. It is due to the friends of Mr. Ellert that he
has been brought forward as a candidate. Their declared reason for
bringing him to the fore is first, his record 86 an officeholder, and sec
ond, the fact that they believe it necessary for the success of the Re
pubiican party that the candidate should come frrm this city and not only
be strong in the metropolis but in the interior. They declare that the man
who heads the ticket should be able to successfully meet the Populist-
Democratic nominee in his stronghold, which they assort is San Fran
cisco. Another theory the advocates of Mr. Ellert have, is that unlike
Maguire. he has no official misdeeds to explain to his constituents, and
that for this reason and many others he would lead any Populist-Demo
cratic nominee a merry race in the agricultural districts and finally launch
him upon that river the source of which is political eclipse. As a
clincher they aver that Ellert would poll more Democratic votes than
Maguire would take from the Republican ranks, and that he is equally
strong in the Populist districts.
Mr. Ellert was quite reticent when questioned as to his alleged can
didacy for the high offlce of Governor of the State of California. He
did not deny that, he had such aspirations, but stated that they would
bo governed by conditions that might develop in the future. If when the
grand battle was lined up it appeared that it was a free fight for all,
he would be found in the contest and would take his chances with others
who desired the same honors.
"Now that the subject of my candidacy is a matter of public discus
sion," said Mr. Ellert, "I desire to place myself properly before the peo
ple. It is true that I am a candidate, under certain conditions. For
some time past I have been asked by my friends to enter the lists in the
tournament for the offlce in question. My answer to them has invariably
been what I will say to you, namely: that if the primaries are open and
the delegates from San Francisco go to the convention unpledged, I shall
certainly be a candidate. Whether or not it will be decided that a San
Francisco nominee will be required to meet the conditions that now exist,
I do not know. That is a question for the convention to determine. I have
heard that it has been stated en several occasions that I am in the hands
of my friends. In this connection I wish to say that while I most thor
oughly appreciate their earnest interest in me and am fully grateful
therefor. I shall feel it my duty to wait until the political conditions
are such as I have mentioned. Whether or not that time will come re
mains to be seen. In conclusion I have only to say that my official record
as Supervisor and Mayor Is recent history, and I hope the people are famil
iar with It."
apply for admission here he would be
in duty bound to allow them to land.
Assistant Secretary Howell's position
is indorsed by a leading attorney of
this city who has devoted his atten
tion for years to handling: Chinese
cases, and is thoroughly familiar with
every phase of the exclusion laws.
Speaking of Collector Jackson's opin
ion, as given in yesterday's Call, this
attorney said:
"In the first place, it has been con
ceded from time immemorial almost
that every sovereign power has the
right to regulate foreign immigration
"as it sees fit. It can say who shall
and who shall not come into its terri
tory, and can even go so far as to ex
clude such aliens as it chooses after
they have entered its borders. With
this principle fully recognized by every
civilized nation it only remains for the
legislative power of a country to adopt
such restriction measures as it may
deem necessary.
"In the case of the Chinese in Ha
waii, they are subject to direct control
by the National Congress, for like the
other Territories, the islands are gov
erned directly by Congress.
"The Chinese there are all under con
tract and every contract contains a
clause that they shall be returned io
China at the expiration of a stated
period. They are not residents of the
Hawaiian Islands; they have no domi
cile there in the strict meaning of the
term; nor do they expect to remain
there permanently. Having entered
those islands on such terms prior to
their becoming United States territory
the Chinese cannot claim the right to
enter any other portion of the United
States in violation of the existing ex
clusion laws passed by Congress and
ratified by treaty with China.
"One thing is certain; Congress has
full power to pass any law regarding
them it may think proper, even to ban
ishing them from the islands, and I
have no doubt that legislation will 'je
enacted bearing on the Chinese in Ha
waii soon after Congress convenes. In
the meantime, I know of nothing in the
present laws that would give Collector
Jackson authority to admit them to
this port. If he thinks they are en
titled to land let him make a test case.
It is an easy matter to bring up one
chinaman from the islands and the
Collector can order his landing. The
Chinaman could be arrested and
the case taken into court. lam will
ing to stake my reputation as a prophet
that the court would deport the China
man in short order, for the law is ex
plicit that all Chinese must be provid
ed with certificates of registration to
entitle them to land."
THE SA:N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 23, 1898.
KNOCKOUT
DROPS IN
HIS POCKETS
Arrest of a Suspected
Robber.
DARING ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE
FRED CLAYTON, ALLEGED POI
SONER, LOCKED UP.
The Police Think He Is One of the
Men Who Have Been "Doping"
Gullible Strangers. ,
A well-dressed young man, giving his
name as Fred Clayton, was arrested yes
terday afternoon by Detective Wren and
locked up in the tanks of the City Prison.
Clayton is strongly suspected of being one
of the men who have been administering
"knock-out" drops to gullible strangers.
Shortly after 5 o'clock last evening
Wren, who was on the lookout for Clay
ton, saw him on Kearny street, noar
Washington. He was accompanied by an
other man, who is supposed to be his
partner in crime.
Catching a glimpse of the detective the
two men darted into a saloon, Clayton
taking refuge in a rear room. Wren fol
lowed them and placed Clayton under arm
rest. His accomplice escaped, presuma
bly through the connivance of the bar
tender. The detective took his prisoner
to the California-street station, where hia
name was entered on the detinue book.
Subsequently he was transferred to the
City Prison.
An examination of his clothing revealed
two phials — one large and the other small
—containing the deadly knock-out drops.
When confronted with the evidence of his
guilt Clayton, who is unknown to the
police, smiled, but persistently refused
to tell where he got the stuff.
During the past seven weeks a number
of strangers have been "doped" by knock
out drops, which were dropped in their
liquor while drinking with strangers, and
their money taken from them. Clayton, it
Is claimed, has been hanging around an
auction house on Kearny street, passing
as one of the proprietors. Several days
ago a stranger, whose name the -ollce re
fuse to divulge, went to the auction house
?,nd was met by Clayton and his pal. They
nvited him to have a drink, and after
partaking of it he fell asleep. When he
awoke he found that his purse, contain
ing a small sum of money, was gone, as
well as a silver watch, which he carried
in his pants pocket.
The police are morally certain that
Ciayton is one of the mon who adminis
tered the knock-out drops. He will no held
until his accomplice is arrested, when for
mal charges will be made against them.
ENTERTAIN SOLDIERS
FROM TENNESSEE
MIZPAH CHARITY CLUB PLAYS
THE PART OF HOST.
A Delightful Evening Spent by the
Boys in Blue From the South.
Music and Refreshments.
The members of Company H, Tennessee
Regiment, were the guests last night of
the Mizpah Charity Club in the assembly
hall of the club, O'Farrell street, near
Webster. The members of the organi
zation, under whose auspices the enter
tainment was held, are all prominently
identified with the Red Cross Society
work.
This was their first essay Into the en
tertainment of a large body of men, and
the selection of Company H was brought
about through the heroic conduct of some
of its men. A group of ladies from the
club was witnessing the men drill in
Golden Gate Park, when a runaway horse
dashed into view. Two ladies were In the
buggy, and their position was a perilous
one.
Sergeant Stacker took in the situation
at a glance, and at great risk stopped the
runaway. When the discussion as to
what men should be invited was in prog
ress the recital of the part they played
In this instance readily carried the day in
their favor.
The full company was present last night
under command of Captain Gaston
O'Rrien. The remaining officers of the
company are: First Lieutenant Johnson,
Second Lieutenant Stacker: sergeants-
Stacker, Rolls, Kaufman, Ewing and
Dream; corporals— Hagy, Rowell, Wil
liamson. Tate, Smith, Mofield, Maybury
and Akers.
There was nothing formal about the af
fair. As Captain O'Brien said in a little
grateful speech of thanks: "Your kind
ness makes us feel more like home folks
to-night than at any time since we left
our homes in Tennessee."
Miss Violet Rulofson was the first con
tributor to the programme of the evening.
She sang several sonps and was encored
many times. A quartet of Tennessee boys
—Sergeant Jackson. John Jnckson. Ser
geant Coulter and Buck Forbes— proved
themselves possessed of well trained
voices. The Jackson brothers followed
with a duet.
Miss Salda Dealey made the hit of the
evening by reciting Robert Ferral's poem,
written upon the arrival of the Tennes
seeans in this city. She was recalled sev
eral times during the course of the even
"a. trio of ladies, composed of Miss Clara
Rulofson, Miss Louise Howland and Miss
Juliet King of Honolulu, sang Hawaiian
national songs to the accompaniment of
native instruments!.
An elaborate supper was then served
the soldiers by the ladies of the society.
The evening was brought to a close with
the singing of the national anthem.
The officers of Mizpah Charity Club are:
Mrs A C Rulofson, president; Mrs. H.
Newell." vice president: Mrs. G. gtraut,
recording secretary; Miss M. L. kUiott.
corresponding secretary, and Mrs E. C.
Auld treasurer. The committee in
charge of last night's entertainment were:
Mrs A C Rulofson. Mrs. C. Mason
Ktnne Mrs. Jacob Burts and Miss Elliott.
OUTRIVALS THE KLONDIKE.
A Discovery That Beats the Alaskan
Gold Fields.
Many of the gold seekers who have
returned from the Klondike are now
here enjoying the fruits of their labors,
but they all state that owing to the hard
ships, inseparable from the rough life
they have led, they are not In a condi
tion to present the appearance due to
their wealth. Others of the Klondikers
have returned without fortunes, and in
tend engaging in mercantile pursuits.
Numbers of the wealthy men have
sought the aid of Charles Lyons, the cel
ebrated London Tailor, who has made
them fine clothing befitting their circum
stances. To those whose means are not
so large, Lyons recommends them to or
der one of his suits at $17 50; he has an
immense line of fine English cloths at
that price, and he has just received from
England an elegant assortment of fine
English trouserings at $5 per pair, to or
der Lyons' main store and wholesale
warehouse is at 721 Market street, in the
Bancroft Building, and he has another
store at 302Kearny street, corner of Bush.*
The famous old Jess? Moore Whisky is rec
ommcniH by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
Ancient Oi'der Hibernians.
The following named have been elect
ed officers of the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians, Board of Erin, for the ensuing
year: J. J. Keating, county delegate;
John H. Gilroore. county secretary;
James McCurry, county treasurer; M. Mc-
Gibney, county sergeant at arms. M.
G. Sears, the State delegate, presented a
number of important letters, received
from the Board of Erin.
WELLS-FARGO
MUST PAY
THE WAR TAX
Suit to Be Commenced in the
United States District Court
on Tuesday.
Indignant Merchants Will Compel the Com
pany to Bear Its Allotted Share of
of the War's Burdens.
The stand taken by Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s Express Company, in an endeavor
to shirk the payment of their portion
of the war tax, will be tested at once
in the United States District Court. The
position of the company has been
brought to the attention of United
States Attorney H. S. Foote by the of
ficers of the Merchants' Association.
The complaint filed by them some days
since elicited the following response
yesterday:
Merchants' Association, Mills Build
ing, San Francisco, Cal.— Gentlemen:
I am in receipt of your communication
of date the 120 th inst., calling my at
tention to alleged violations of sche
dule A, stamp taxes, subdivision ex
press and freight under the war rev
enue law of 18U8, by certain express and
transfer companies doing business in
this city.
You further request me to institute
such prompt proceedings against said
companies for the failure to comply
with the war revenue law as will
bring this matter to a speedy deter
mination. You also say to me, "Please
consider the officers of this association
at your service."
In reply I have to say that It will
give me pleasure to receive from the
officers of your association, or any of
them, at my office in this city, 61 Ap
praisers' building, any facts or evi
dence which may go to show any. vio
lation of that law, as also the names
of the persons or corporations who are
engaged in such violations of law.
If 1 should not happen to be in my
office on the occasion of your coming
to see nic, my assistant, Mr. Schlesin
ger, who is familiar with the law, will
be at your service.
Hoping to receive a visit from some
of the officers of your association on
this subject, I am yours most respect
fully, H. S. FOOTE,
United States Attorney.
Complaints had been made as to the
passive attitude of the United States
Attorney in this matter of such vital
importance to the business men of
San Francisco: "We have not been
able to proceed in this matter, as no
complaint has been filed with us," said
United States Attorney Foote yester-
day. "Having: no information on which
to base a suit we were powerless. Of
ficers of the Merchants' Association
called on me to-day and have agreed
to supply the necessary evidence upon
which suits can be brought against
Wells, Fargo & Co.
"We will take the shortest way to
attain the desired relief for shippers.
Under the tax act the company is lia
ble for a fine of $50 for each shipment
they refuse to accept until the stamps
have been affixed by the consignors.
We will probably institute five suits on
this ground."
The officials of the company recog
nize the awkward position in which
they have been placed. For forty years
they have enjoyed the confidence of the
business community and now see their
prestige in danger of being swept
away. Merchants are incensed at the
petty stand taken by the rich corpora
tion, in trying to evade payment of
their share of the tax upon the people,
made necessary by the war with Spain.
President J. J. Valentine appreciates
the situation keenly.
Hardly had the conference between
United States Attorney Foote and of
ficials of the Merchants' Association
ended than Mr. Valentine sought an
audience with the latter. He asked
that action in the matter be deferred
on the ground that the company offi
cials were preparing a large communi
cation, setting forth their stand in the
premises. He urged that the question
was now being tested In the courts of
the East, and it would not expedite
matters to commence addtional suits
here.
Thp Information required by United
States Attorney Foote in the bringing
of the suits will be supplied him on
Monday.
"The attitude of the Southern Pa
cific Company in the matter of the
payment of war taxes has been mis
represented," said General Manager
Kruttschnitt, yesterday. "When the
tax was levied the officers of the com
pany conferred with our legal repre
sentatives and our position in the mat
ter was outlined. We at once decided
upon a liberal policy, placing the wid
est possible construction on the work
ings of the new law, notwithstanding
the expense. We have never found it
necessary to even estimate the num
ber of bills of lading we issue. I am
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Seventy-Two Dogs Will Be Handled
by Slipper Grace This Afternoon.
The coursing stake to be run at Ingle
slde to-day and to-morrow was drawn at
Pythian Castle last evening. Seventy-two
candidates were entered. The total purse
is $780, divided as follows: $120, $80. $00.
$35 each to the next two, $25 each to the
next four, $20 each to the next nine and
$10 each to the next eighteen. The draw
ing resulted:
v Brown's Rosalie vs. .T Byrne Clipper:
nvivnn^s Tom Bell vs. Lahnsen & Duncan's
S V^# ln p^fer^n?n>nr "n^-
IH Hs^aTe J(ecM h^- t^SZi
rrn«^trh- J FarlVy's Tullemore vs. Dillon &
Rpin^Gr'amle" Dillon &. Rellly's Queen B
vßem^v B em^R G ush-s Van^Needa: Penelope kenners
8 Gp e v?l
P^mhroke kennel's Wlldflower: D. Hooper's
BenlalonK vs J Hooney-s Lassie Hayes: Kay
% Trent's Sylvia vs. D. Shannon's Swtnnerton;
D Hirer's LS. Conley vs. Napoleon ken
nels F&ebaH; J. O'Brien's Statesman v* J.
S Uly:
Rahlr'^Beli of Moscow vs. Pembroke kennel's
The Turk J. Quarts Thad Stevens vs. New
man & Ram.dMi-5 Red Cloud ?»«*«*»:
nc r« Decorator vs. I^arkey & Rock h M>i tie.
i ■ Mnrnhv-i Dfmnwv kennel's Paciflc Queen
IvMemaVVc;* Na^oieon kennel's Pacific Queen
vs. P. Brophy's Benicla Boy: J. O Dowd s Clif
tnn !».. vs H Springs Mr.ster Jack. J.
Byrn& "Vohawk vs F* Black's Occidental;
J.McCormlck's Rapid vs. H. .AVebers Mon
tana: Lahnsen & Duncan's Miss .Lois vs Gib
son . & Moore's Monitor;; Lowe & Thompson s
Victor v* Pembroke kennel s < Terrona ,- .1.
Dean's o'kdUttor vs. Kay -Arrant. Trilby;
D. Hooper' Koolawn vs. H. McNeil s Sports
man: ft Cooney-s. Mystic., vs.. Deckelman.&
Panario's Glen Chine; T. A. Gaffney s Sir John
Arnott vs. J. Dean's Mlalmo: J. Murnane s
Flashlight vs. Lowe & Thompson s Prince
Hal; F. Pwyers Schley vs. Kay - & Trant a
Chit Chat- F O. Fentiman s • Whitehall vs.
Lowe & Thompson's 81r Willful: G. Snort's
Sllkwood vs. W. Sullivan's Trink.
The running to-day will begin ,at 1
o'clock, and on Sunday, at 10:30, instead of
the usual nour of 11. ;^ ;":::;
The War Tax.
Collector Lynch has issued the following
notice to all who ere required^to take
positive that in this city alone the
number will run into tne millions.
This takes no account of those issued
at all our stations throughout the
country.
"This is not our only contribution to
the war tax. We pay on the thousands
of telegrams that we send out during
the day and also on the great number
of checks we issue.
'"We believe our position is similar
to that of any merchant. We sell
transportation. A bill of lading is a
receipt for goods that we agree to car
ry from one point to another. We have j
at no time endeavored to shirk the
payment of the tax imposed upon that
original bill. If a customer asks for
additional copies of a receipted bill for
his own convenience, however it Is but
reasonable that he be asked to pay
for that convenience. The law does
not exact it from us. The clause in
the law covering our company follows:
Express and freight— lt shall be the
duty of every railroad or steamboat com
pany, carrier, express company or cor
poration or person whose occupation is to
act as such, to Issue to the shipper or
consignor, or his agent, or person from i
whom any goods are accepted for trans- I
portation, a bill of lading, manifest or
other evidence of receipt and forwarding
for each shipment received for carriage
and transportation, whether in bulk or
in boxes, bales, packages, bundles, or not
so inclosed or included; and there shall be
duly attached and canceled, as is in this
act provided, to each of said bills of lad
ing, manifests, or other memorandum,
and to each duplicate thereof, a stamp of
the value of 1 cent; provided, that but
one bill of lading shall be required on
bundles or packages of newspapers when I
inclosed in one general bundle at the i
time of shipmenft. Any failure to issue i
such bill of lading, manifest, or other
memorandum, as herein provided, shall
subject such railroad or steamboat com
pany, carrier, express company, or cor
poration or person to a penalty of $50 for
each offense, and no such bill of lading,
manifest or other memorandum shall be
used in evidence unless it shall be duly |
stamped as aforesaid.
It will be noted first that the law
makes it obligatory upon the part of tbe
carrier to issue, upon d^nand of the
Fhipper. at least one copy of a bill of lad
ing, manifest or other evidence of receipt [
and forwarding. It does not require the ,
carrier to issue more than one copy of
such evidence of receipt for transporta
tion. It provides in the second place that
for each copy issued, whether one or
more, for the same shipment, but one
stamp shall be affixed. This requirement
is attached to the issuance of ordinary
shipping receipts, as well as bills of lad
ing. When a temporary shipping receipt
is issued, to be by its terms exchanged I
for a bill of lading, the latter is the In
strument required by the act to be taxed.
In such cases no stamp need be affixed
to the shipping receipt, but each shipping
receipt so Issued shall provide In plain
terms upon its face that it is issued for
the purpose of being exchanged for a bill
of lading of regular form, to which the
stamp required by law will be affixed.
SUED IN LOS ANGELES.
Leading Commercial Bodies
Attack Wells- Fargo Com
pany's Stand.
LOS ANGELES. July 22.— The unnatrf
otic attitude of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s ex
press in refusing to attach one-cent rev
enue stamps to consignments offered It
will be taken up in united action by the
Board of Trade and Chamber of Com
merce, backed by the Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association, which has
already begun suit against the corpora
tion. The plea of the corporation for not
affixing stamps is that it has joined a
compact with other express companies,
and that it has no power to act inde
pendently.
Frank P. Flint. United States Attorney,
who brought the recent suit against the
company at the request of the Merchants'
and Manufacturers Association, is quoted
as saying:
"Since the law went into effect the
members of the Merchants' and Manufac
turers' Association have offered Wells,
Fargo & Co. 200 packages, of which they
have kept a record. In each case the
company has refused to attach the stamp
to the regular receipt. I have filed suit
against the officers of the company for
$50 penalty for each infraction of law,
and will at the same time prosecute them
criminally, the penalty for the latter be
ing a fine of $500 to $1000. imprisonment for
six months, or both, in the discretion of
the court.
"I consider the position of Wells, Fargo
& Co. as being utterly indefensible. There
is no right or reason in it. There will
doubtless be a large number of suits
brought against the company, and it will
not only be put to great expense, but will
make itself unpopular throughout the
country, losing a large amount of busi
ness thereby."
out a special license under the war rev
enue bill:
I desire to call the special attention of all
taxpayers who are required under the internal
revenue law to take out special tax stamps (li
cense) for carrying on business under the old
as well as the new war revenue bill that they
must make application for their license dur
ing the month of July, IS9B. A failure to do so
will Incur a penalty of 50 per cent additional,
which accrues on the first day of August, IS9R.
The office of the Collector of Internal Reve
nue is open from 9 a. m. to 3 p. m. every day
for receiving applications for licenses and pay
ment for the same.
"Israel's Tithe to America/ in
next Sunday's Call.
VALL.EY ROAD CONTRACTS.
Track Laying and Grading Work
That Will Be Begun.
The Valley road has let contracts to
Frank S. Boggs for grading two miles of
road on the extension west of Stockton,
between Stockton and the San Joaquin
Rflver. About 175,000 cubic feet of earth
will be removed along the line, which
work it is expected will continue for the
next six months. Contracts for grading
several additional miles will be let in a
few days.
The laying of tracks from Visalia to
Corcoran Junction will be commenced in
a few days. The track-laying force has
been moved back from Bakersfield to
Visalia. When Visa'la and Corcoran
Junction are connected by a line of tracks
the work in the San Joaquin Valley will
be completed. The distance between thes*
two places is twenty-four miles, and it
will take six weeks to two months to lay
the tracks.
War situations discussed in a strong
editorial. Read to-day's Star. •
Unlicensed Guides.
License Collector Bonnet secured an
other conviction in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday against a man posing as a
Chinatown guide without a license. The
defendant is G. W. Theobald, and he will
be sentenced to-day. The cases against
Hugo Huebner and Thomas Langan were
continued till Monday.
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
, :• . ADVEBTISEMENTS. ■__._[.
f H+B+B+D+E+Q+B+H+a+Ea+ ■+a+B+Q+Q+H+n+H+Q+n+B+B
DOUBLED ATTRACTIONS!
. . . FOR ... i
Saturday's Trade I ]
Economical buyers are presented a DOUBLE ARRAY OF 5
ATTRACTIONS to-day, for our great Fire Sale of the SIMINOFF ■
Cloak Factory Stock offers some of the BIGGEST VALUES YET ■
SHOWN, and we also select the following and a variety of ■
other seasonable lines and place them ON SPECIAL SALE THIS i
MORNING i
At Tempting Cuts in Prices! jj
CARRIAGE PARASOLS. |
:—: — - V- ■ B
OO BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS in ruffled and lace 4
vPI*U\S trimmed; value $175; will be offered at $1. ■; ; ..i. ■
<lil sft BLACK CARRIAGE PARASOLS, lace trimmed; value ■
vPI«vJV $2 50; will be offered at $1 50. • • • 4,:
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS. {
Kf|r 140 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS; regular price 75c; will be 4
v-*v*'v -* v *' sold at 50c each. -. .:^ * " " . . 1 1
.-■ , ;;.' - ' . ■■■■I 1 - . '" " JL
7K r 140 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS; regular price '$125; will be ||
■ sold at 75c each. 4
$1 ft ft 130 dozen LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS; regular price $1 50; 4
* IIVU will be sold at $1 each. ■
JACKETS AND CAPES. |
tfiK flfl 150 LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS In black and ■
vJJsJ«V/\J navy, fly fronts, faced with cloth; worth $10; sale price $5 4
each. H
€A CA 185 LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, crepon effects in M
* Uli;v navy blue only, fly fronts, faced with cloth; worth $12 50; 4
- sale price $6,50 each. .: % ;-' g
Cli OO 85 LADIES' BLACK ASTRAKHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined ■
\p\f»\svr w i tn satin, storm collars, length 19 inches; worth $10; sale ■}.
price $6 , each. g
LADIES' SILK DRESS SKIRTS. |'
C"3 7^ LADIES' BLACK MOIRE SILK DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere ■
r^"'' stripes, double lined and bound with velvet; worth $6 50- 2
sale price $3 75 each. . ■ 2
-;.■.■'■■-.-- .'.;;'■ <;.~;'- . U
$fi OO LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS . SKIRTS, m
•p\r,\jvr silk lined and bound with velvet; worth $10; sale price $6 5
each. ■ . .1
G& STORE OPEN UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK SATURDAY EVENING. ■
,\ i .- .—.. — . . ■ _ . 4
{/[/ Murphy Building, J j [/[/ Murphy Building-, .J «
Market anil Jones Streets. Mariet and Jones Streets. *
RISKED LIFE
TO SAVE HIM
E. Alexander Gallantly
Rescues W. Williams.
OLD FERRY SHACKS VANISH
NEW DEPOT TO APPEAR IN ALL
ITS GLORY TO-MORROW.
Sudden Death of Chief Officer Milne
o£ the British Steamer Ning
chow From Heart
Disease.
There was a narrow escape from drown
ing and a gallant rescue at Sausalito last
Thursday evening.
When the heat and burden of the day
were over, E. Alexander, manager of
Parrott & Co.. and W. Williams, note
teller of the Hibemia Bank, determined
to have a swim. They Fought a secluded
spot In Rlchardsons Bay and then pre
pared to enjoy themselves. Alexander
was the first to cry "Enough!" and was
partly dressed before Williams showed
any signs of coming out of the water.
Just as he turned shoreward he was
seized with cramps, and had barely time
to yell before he sank. Without a mo
ment's hesitation Alexander plunged into
the water, half-dressed as he was, and
swam out to where his friend had goi^e
down. Williams showed no signs of com
ing up again, so Alexander dived and,
after a great deal of trouble, got him
ashore. Some smart rubbing and a quan
tity of stimulants brought the half
drowned man around, and yesterday he
was able to be at his post as usual, a
little bit shaky, but still in the ring. A
handsome medal is to be presented to
Mr. Alexander in recognition of his heroic
act, and Frank Cummings and others are
now taking up subscriptions with that end
in view.
The wooden shanties that have hidden
the view of the new ferry depot are dis
appearing as if by magic. To-night will
probably see the last traces of them re
moved, and by to-morrow all who visit the
water front will be able to enjoy a free
and uninterrupted view of the magnifi
cent-looking building. Visitors to the
water front should visit the grand nave
in the new depot. There is nothing finer
in any ferry building in the world, and it
is sure to impress people who come to San
Francisco for the first time.
The contractors had marly a week in
which to remove the disfiguring old build
ings, but they put an extra force of men
at work, with the result that last night
the structures were leveled with the
ground, and by to-night all the debris will
be removed.
The bell in the new depot is a failure,
as it cannot be heard outside the building.
It rings five minutes before the departure
and again as each steamer is leaving the
slip. This is to notify the passengers that
there is still another five minutes, while
the other teils them that if they are still
on the crossing they are too late, and also
tells the crew of the steamer that all is
clear. From where the bell is now no one
except those In the waiting-rooms and
those on the feiry-boats can hear it, and
It therefore fails in its mission. If a bell
is necessary it should be in the tower,
away above the clock, and then every
body could hear it.
The British steamer Ningchow had her
flag at half-mast yesterday out of re
spect to the memory of Mate Milne, who
dropped dead Thursday night. Mr. Milne
had served a long time on the Ningchow,
and was well liked by all on board. When
the vessel docked under the Spear street
bunkers he complained of being ill but
no one thought it was serious. He was
?3"l he i,? te * in .? r all of Thursday at
tending to his duties, and in the evening
went uptown for a stroll. In the morning
he was v* de ad -.,. Ningchow went over to
Oakland to discharge the remainder ol
her cargo yesterday -afternoon. '
.TlL^orwegianisteamerUra. that came
in from Japan a few days ago, has gone
on Hunters Point drydock for an over
hauling, r She is under charter to load
lumber at Puget Sound for Delagoa Bay
and is to be cleaned up before making 'a
start. It was at first thought that she
was being docked prior to being exam
ined for a transport, but Uncle Sam does
not want her. as he has now all the trans
ports he requires.
Henry Suss had his right leg fractured
by a Third, street electric car yesterday.
He was crossing Third, between Market
and Mission, and the car was on top of
him before he saw it. He was removed
to the Harbor Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Zabala set the limb. He was then
taken to the French Hospital.
A bevy of Red Cross ladles was in at
tendance at the Harbor Receiving Hospi
tal yesterday afternoon to receive in
structions in the handling of emergency
cases from Dr. Stafford. From 1 to 3
p. m. they thronged the hospital and
were allowed to view the treatment of
whatever cases were brought in:
Chief Wharfinger Root is having con
siderable trouble in providing a suitable
berth for the big steamer Arizona. She
draws 28 feet loaded, and it is not every
wharf on the front that has a sufficient
depth of water to accommodate her. The
chances are that she will dock at Fol
som street wharf. The Arizona has. a
Chinese crew, but as she is now a Gov
ernment vessel these will have to go and
white men will take their places. In the
case of the Mail Company's steamers the
owners controlled the Chinese, so the
Mongolians s went out on the transports.
"The New America — Army and
Navy," by Henry Norman, special
commissioner of the London Chron
icle, in next Sunday's Call.
Examining Public Survey»-
Surveyor General Gleaves started last
! evening on a tour of inspection of sur
veys in the vicinity of L*ke Tahoe. The
j particular tract is located in township 12
| N.. range IT E.. M. D. M. As it is fertile
I settlers have already begun to look in that
! direction for homes, and the correctness
of the survey should be determined as
soon as possible. Under the United States
Revised Statutes the Surveyor General
must make a personal examination of all
surveys made by his deputies.
Another Till Robber Arrested.
Captain of Police Gillin of the Seven
teenth street station is well pleased with
the work of Detectives Fitzgerald and
Graham in arresting Edward Burns, an
ex-convict, for his participation in tlll
robbing in the Mission with Arthur Math
ews. Burns, when found in his room at
Sixth and Bryant streets at 1 o"clock yes
terday morning, showed fight to the offi
cers, but was finally cluDbed into submis
sion and lodged in the Seventeenth street
station.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOR—
CONSTIPATION,
dyspepsia.
lWer complaints
• •-;. v & hemorrhoids,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters/ Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." JiTitUhMedieaUournal
CAUTION: See ' Mat the label bean thengna-
cure of the firm. '
Andreas Baxlehn«r.
. ■"..-* - "... ■ ■ .•■■'-.- .