VOLUME LXXXHL-KO. 51.
WHY HUNTINGTON FAVORS ANNEXATION.
He Wants Cheap Coolie Labor and American Registry for His Foreign-Built Vessels.
SENATOR MORGAN
TALKS AND TALKS
FOR ANNEXATION
While Opponents of the Treaty
Are Hard at Work and Have
Already Secured the De
feat of the Scheme.
WASHINGTON. Ja~>. 19.— In
the face of the administration
claims of accessions to the Ha
waiian annexation policy, the
anti-annexationists Insist they
have the treaty beaten, and that
they have thirty-six votes
against it, instead of thirty
three, as they have heretofore
announced. They say also that
one other Senator is in doubt
and inclined their way. Senator
Thurston. Republican of Ne
braska, who is supposed to have
switched back to the affirmative
side of the question, they say
will finally vote against the
proposition.
The coming of President Dole
excites varied emotions in Wash
ington. President McKinley and
the leaders of the annexation
movement think his presence
here would be a decided help,
and holding that opinion, they
are going to make his stay as im
portant an event as possible. On
the other hand, the anti-annexa
tionlsts contend that he will turn
sentiment against the treaty.
They say he will be looked upon
as a lobbyist, and that his assist
ance will be regarded as officious
Intermeddling, and In that sense
an impediment to the treaty.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 19.
Senator Morgan of Alabama con
tinued his monologue on Hawaiian an
nexation to-day. Very few of his col
leagues listened to him, and the pro
ceedings were utterly devoid of inter
est. Even Senator Davis, the chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Re
lations, who has charge of the treaty,
spent most of his time in thfc cloak
room, emerging now and then for
courtesy sake.
There is no longer any doubt in the
minds of Senators familiar with the
situation that the treaty is doomed to
defeat, and this is why its friends are
now pushing the appropriation bills.
They hope to gain a little time.
Meanwhile the Washington Star is |
making bitter attacks on all of those ;
who are opposed to annexation. This I
paper is striving to make it appear i
that the sugar trust is at work here to j
oppose the treaty. But the Star's in
fluence counts 'fbr little.
Washington people know that it has
a selfish interest at stake. It is known
as the "trolley organ" because its pro
prietors are interested in the street car
lines in this city, and tne Washington
people are well aware that when the
Star is rampant in opposition to or in
advocacy of any bill pending before
Congress it has some selfish reason
for it. But the reason for the Star's
advocacy of the annexation treaty is
better understood among certain peo
ple in Honolulu than elsewhere.
MORGAN OF ALABAMA
SAYS MR. CLEVELAND
FAVORED ANNEXATION.
Insists He /s Right Despite the Fact That
the Record Does Not Sustain His
Position.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19. - Senator
Morgan continued his spepoh in advo
cacy of the ratification of the Hawaiian
annexation treaty in the executive ses
sion of the Senate to-day. He an
nounced at the conclusion of to-day's
The San Francisco Call
session that he probably would require j
one more day in which to complete his |
presentation of the subject.
Senator Morgan dealt to-day with the i
question of the agricultural and com
mercial possibilities on the islands,
with the character of the present gov
ernment and with the position of the !
residents of the islands on the subject
of annexation. He repeated his asser
tion that President Cleveland was fa
, vorable to the acquisition of the Isl
ands and expressed the opinion that
it was his intention to have restored j
Queen Liliuokalani and to have nego- j
tiated with her a treaty of annexation.
He elaborated his views on this subject
!at considerable length, saying that
while he believed it was Mr. Cleve
land's intention to annex the islands,
he naturally changed his intention to
do this through the restoration of the
Queen when she made known her
. bloodthirsty disposition toward these
i who had dethroned her. He expressed
the opinion that Mr. Cleveland would
j never have taken such a positive po
| sition as he did take against the Dole
, Government and in opposition to an
nexation but for the antagonistic and
■ misleading report of Commissioner
I Blount.
The Senator was Interrupted at this
point by two or three Senators, who
were opposed to- the treaty, who wanted
to know if it were not true that Cleve
land had withdrawn the treaty for an
nexation made by the Harrison ad
; ministration. He admitted this was the
case, saying it was a matter of record,
but he still contended that under cir
cumstances entirely to his liking Mr.
Cleveland would have supported an
nexation.
Mr. Morgan had been convinced from
private interviews with the ex-Presi
; dent that he not only believed in the
wisdom of the annexation of Hawaii,
but that he would also have recom
mended the annexation of Cuba under
proper conditions.
Mr. Morgan took up the criticisms
i of the Government of Hawaii, defend
ing it In strong terms and eulogizing
Mr. Dole as one of the most competent
rulers of the time. He reviewed Mr.
Dole's history and said that gentle
man's record showed that he would be
a creditable head of any nation. He
i controverted the idea that the present
Government was, as had been charged,
a missionary Government, claiming
that It was in every way stanch and
enterprising and abreast of the times.
He concluded that the resources of
the country were such.' as to insure a
very prosperous future, and predicted
that Honolulu would at some time in
the not distant future attain to great
commercial importance, equal In all
probability to that of Hongkong or
other cities of like magnitude.
P RESIDENT DOLE'S
MISSION REGARDED
WITH DISFAVOR.
His Trip to This Country Causes Dissatisfac-
tion Among the Rank and File of the
Annexationists at Home.
HONOLULU, Jan. 12.— The main
topic of conversation everywhere Is the
departure of President Dole, and the
more the investigation is pursued the
more clearly is it learned that it is most
unpopular with th» majority of the
rank and fik of the annexationists and
opposed by many of the leaders who
have borne the burden and expense of
the conflict.
It must be remembered that our
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1898.
Government was never constituted to
last longer than a few months, and yet
it has continued In power, principally
by the force of arms and contrary to
the will of the majority of the people,
for more than four years — an almost
extraordinary length of time for any
political party, and especially for a
Cabinet, to exist in Hawaii. Tropi
cal countries delight In change and
novelty, especially among their rul
ers.
For an aristocratic oligarchy it has
done well for our interior development
even if it has, by force of Its test oath,
decreased the franchise from 14,000 to
2657 to represent the interests of a pop
ulation of nearly 120,000 people.
Even to its followers, the 'admission
that in four years the Dole Govern
ment has proved the fact that Hawaii
can govern herself very respectably,
even under a revolutionary form of j
government, in face of a politically an- ;
tagonistic majority, and has entitled
that Government to the commendation j
of its foreign friends as the "best Gov
ernment Hawaii ever had." is thought
to be a very weak-kneed argument In ;
favor of annexation and the destruc
tion of this immaculate Government to
give place to a form of government
which at present is purely speculative,
and probably not yet schemed out in
the brain of any mortal man; but then
our pious friends tell us that "the gods
see everywhere," so that it may already
be arranged.
The Japanese Minister is awaiting
further dispatches from his home Gov
ernment before communicating with
the Hawaiian Government. He thinks
it may be several days before he will
be able to accord any information, as
he la not yet advised of his Govern
ment's wishes. The dispatches antici- '
Dated failed to arrive on the Peru. It
may be said, however, that the rela
tions between the two Governments are
very cordial and not at all strained, as
some dispatches are inclined to sug
gest.
It is sad to have to announce the
death last evening from heart disease
of Charles H. Eldridge. an associte of
the firm of William G. Irwin & Co.,
(limited) for the past eighteen years.
Mr. Eldridge was horn In Charlestown,
Mass., in 1842. He ser.ved with dis
tinction through the Civil War and
was wounded several times. He was
a member of the G. A. R.. of the Amer
ican Legion of Honor, of the Masonic
fraternity and of the Pacific Club.
A deputy marshal and a special of
ficer were sent to the leper settlement
at Molokal last evening, where dis
turbances are feared. The Govern
ment, yielding to the solicitations of
A. P. A. influence, so it is said, has re
moved the leading Roman Catholic em
ployes and replaced them with unde
sirable Protestants, in spite of the facts
of the devotion of the Catholic sisters
and fathers at the settlement for many
years: that four-fifths of the lepers
are Catholics and nearly 60 per cent of
our whole population are members of
that creed. The outcome is watched
with grave interest.
RHODE ISLAND SENTIMENT
SQUARELY OPPOSED TO
HAWAIIAN ANNEXATION
Even the Annexation of Texas Was Opposed
by the General Assembly of •
. , the State.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— T. L,. Cole
of this city, a dealer in old books, re
cently found a series of resolutions
passed by the General Assembly of the
State of Rhode Island In 1837, which
he thinks contain some sentiments ap
propriate to the present Hawaiian an
nexation discussion. In any event,
these resolutions Indicate the tradi
tional sentiment of New England upon
the subject of territorial expansion. It
is obvious that, aside from the enlarge
ment of State territory, Texas, being
contiguous to our own territory, fur
nished fewer objections than the Ha
waiian Islands do. It might be well
for Senators Aldrich and Wetmore to
look at these musty records, and see
where they possess pertinency to
the present discussion. They are as
follows:
Whereas, compact of union between
these States was entered into by the
people thereof in their respective States
in order to form that perfect union es
tablish justice, insure domestic tranquil
lity, provide for the common defense, pro
mote the general welfare and secure the
blessings of liberty to .themselves and
their posterity.
And therefore a republican government
| was instituted" by them, with certain
limited powers, clearly, specified and de
fined in a constitution, all other powers
not herein expressly relinquished beinjj
"reserved to States respectively or to
people."- . . •
And whereas, this limited government
possesses no power to extend its juris
diction over any foreign nation and no
foreign nation, country or people can be
admitted into this union but by sovereign
Continued . on Second Pace.
DISASTROUS
FIRE VISITS
RANDSBURG
Thirty Buildings in Its
Path Are Con
sumed.
Loss Fully $50,000, and
Not a Dollar of In
surance.
Absence of Wind Prevents the
Total Destruction of
the Camp.
NO WATER IS AVAILABLE.
Many Heroio Acts — Only One Man
Injured— List of the Prin
cipal Losers.
Special Dl»rat-h to The Call.
RANDSBt'RG, Cal.. Jan. 19— A fire
which started at 12:30 cr'clock this
morning in the rear of the Mojave Sa
loon on Rand street destroyed thirty
buildings and caused a loss of fully
$50,000. So far as learned thore was not
a dollar's insurance on any of the prop
erty destroyed. The fire consumed
everything on both Fides of Rand street
from Staley avenue to the Elite Thea
ter, and several buildings on Broad
way. This includes the postoffice and
some of the largest stores in the camp.
The cause of the fire is at present un
known.
The camp was Hltd from total de
struction by the absence of wind, hard
ly a breath of air stirring last night.
The homeless are all housed In tem
porary shelters, every barn in the
camp being utilized f<>r that purpose.
Mnny acts of real h> rolsm developed
last night. When hope seemed gone,
as the flames threatened the Broadway
Hotel, men faltered for a moment and
then climbed upon the burning build
ings and by main strength tore the
flaming boards loost* and hurled them
far away, to be scattered and extin
guished beneath the feet of other work
er«\
Had thf fire crowed the street and
attacked the Broadway Hotel, the en
tire camp would have been burned,
and so all worked with the energy of
despair. But one accident worthy of
note occurred, and that was the case
of a man named Eness. who broke
through the roof of a burning build
ing and was quite badly burned on the
leg before he could get out.
The heaviest losers were the W. C
Wilson Company, about $20,000; Ham
mond & Co\, $3."00; T'nderhlll & Fores,
$4000; J. M. Crawford. $2000; S. J.
Montgomery. $1500; D. J. McCormack.
$1000; St. Elmo Hotel, about $5000;
George Toedt, $600; Austin Toung,
Postmaster. $400; Otto Dlesler. $1200;
Ed James, $300; "Price & Hopper, $2500;
< Irani central Hotel. $20«0: E. A.
Ormsby. $900; Leon Cerf Company, $450.
Some of the l<*ers are already pre
paring to rebuild, while others would
do so if funds were available.
MR. GLADSTONE
IN MUCH PAIN
Suffers From Neuralgia, but
His Strength Has Not
Departed.
Official Statement DeelaresThatThere
Is No Cause Tor Present
Alarm.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LONDON. Jan. 19.— An official state
ment Issued to-night asserts that there
is no cause for alarm as to Mr. Glad
stone's health, but that it has not been
benefited as much as hoped for at
Cannes. The facial neuralgic pains per
sist with daily fluctuations, owing to the
cold winds and wet weather, but the
complaint is quite local. His physical
powers have not suffered: his strength
is good: his appetite excellent. He Joins
his family at meals and takes regular
drives, weather permitting. It is not
true that the family had been summoned.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Gladstone will go
to Cannes Immediately in accordance
with an arrangement made weeks ago.
Lord Stuart Rennel, with whom Mr.
Gladstone is visiting, telegraphed to
night at 8:40 that Mr. Gladstone's health
was good.
The Westminister Gazette, although
minimizing the alarming reports con
cerning the health of Mr. Gladstone, is
"constrained to admit the fact that Mr.
Gladstone has suffered great pain most
of the time he has been at Cannes, being
unable to leave his sofa."
Continuing, the Westminster Gazette
remarks: "So far as the vital organs
are concerned, however, he is no worse.
On the other hand, continuous pain in
a man of Mr. Gladstone's age is undoubt
edly a symptom to cause anxiety."
ENGINEERS ACCOMPANY
THE CANAL COMMISSION.
Party of Chicagoans in Nicaragua Will Par-
tic/pate in the Descent of San
Juan Hirer.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19 —A Pan-American
cable to the Herald says: The Herald's
correspondent with the Nicaraguan
C.inal Commission sends these advices
from Managua, under date of January 10:
The United States Commission and party
of Chicago engineers and surveyors are
Just leaving for Rivae by way of Lake
Nicaragua. The two parties will go down
San Juan River together.
THE COUNCIL
WOULD ENSLAVE
LOS ANGELES
LABOR APPROVES THE CALL'S ACTION.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 19.— Five thousand workingmen of L#os An
geles city and county, through their central organization, by a unani
mous vote to-night passed resolutions Indorsing the position the San
Francisco Call has taken with regard to the Los Angeles city water
fight and in behalf of the toilers, and thanking the proprietor of the
paper for the effort the paper is making to save the people and taxpay
ers either $2,000,000 or an extension of the lease whereby the rate pay
ers will for half a century longer be placed under the Iron heel of the
monopoly.
At its meeting to-night, all the affiliated unions being represented,
the Los Angeles Council of Labor, without a dissenting vote, adopted the
following resolutions:
"Whereas, The Los Angeles Council of Labor Is on record as favor
1 Ing municipal ownership, control and operation of a water distributing
< plant: and
• "Whereas, All the officials of the city now In office were elected on
• a platform pledging them to give their every effort and honest en
i deavor to bring about that end; and,
I "Whereas, Over a year has now gone by and municipal operation and
t control of a water plant has not been advanced one step, through the
t failure of those who should be the guardians of the people's rights and
l interests to take the necessary action; therefore be It
• "Resolved, By the Los Angeles Council of Labor, that we, as citizens
• and taxpayers, demand that the Common Council of the city of Los An
) geles cease a policy of delay in this all Important matter, and that it
I proceed to accomplish that which each and every member of that body
I stands pledged to effect; and
) "Resolved, That the thanks of the people of Los Angeles city are
) due to the San Francisco Call and the Los Angeles Record for the as
• sistnnce they are giving the taxpayers and rate payers of this city In
) this all important battle between the monopoly and the municipality."
> Other organizations of all kinds will take similar action at the first
I opportunity.
WIDESPREAD RUIN
CAUSED BY SHOCKS
OF AN EARTHQUAKE
An Eye-Witness Pictures the De
struction in San Domingo
and the Terror of
the People,
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— A special cor
respondent of the Herald writing from
Puerto Plata under date of January
10, says: To-day Santo Domingo is
lamenting the loss by an earthquake
which occurred on the morning: of De
cember 29 at a quarter to 7 o'clock. A
loud roaring noise was heard above the
sounds of wind and rain; then came a
violent shock of earthquake, continu
ing for about twenty seconds.
The shock caused a panic. Scores of
persons ran out of their dwellings In
their night clothing, and In a few min
utes shrieks and groans and shouts
were heard all over the city. While
the excitement still ran high at 1:30
o'clock In the afternoon of the same
day there was another shock and the
earth trembled at intervals until the
last severe shock, which was at 10:30
o'clock on the morning of January 2.
Since then up to last night we have
had several light shocks. The lower
NEWS OF THE DAT.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Thursday, with con
tinued cold weather: northwesterly
wind. . .'.:£v>; ;
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco M degree*
Portland ". 46 degrees
Los Angeles 62 degrees
San Diego 58 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Annexation Doomed to Defeat.
Disastrous Fire at Randsburg.
Council Would Enslave Los Angeles.
Great Temblor in San Domingo.
SECOND PAGE.
Los Angeles School Scandal.
Raymond to Hang:.
Brooklyn Navy Yard Scandal.
THIRD PAGE.
Quiet Reigns at Havana.
How Dreyfus "Was Undone.
Almost Frozen to Death.
Honor Thrust on Senator White.
A Quarrel Over News Service.
The Ohio Bribery Charges. ■* "« : .
No Senator Elected From Maryland.
FOURTH PAGE.
Cuba's Cause In Congress.
A New Telegraphic System.
Dogs at Premium In Fresno, ':[. ■
FIFTH PAGE.
Every One Talks of Klondlkt ; V ; : U/ ;
Drowning of a Fisherman.
Sacramento Bench Show.
A Clever Forger Captured.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Morgan Again.
San Francisco to the Front.
The Jute Bag Exposure.
Is There Another Contract?
Los Angeles Water Fight.
SEVENTH PAGE.
President Dole Honored.
Bulletin Men Under Arrest.
A Flutter Among Democrats.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Progress of the Jubilee. ;
Commercial Travelers' Row.
Bold Crime of ■ Burglars. ' t '
Wells Resigns From the Force.
NINTH PAGE.
Penalty of Being a Scientist.
That Basement Ordinance.
Army. Honors to Be Allotted.
Mission Monkey Ranch Project.
. TENTH PAGE.
Commercial.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
TWELFTH PAGE. .
Racing In Oakland.
Supervisors to Be Increased. '
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births. Marriages and Death*
FOURTEENTH - PAGE.
Fell Seventy Feet to Death.
.Teachers After Broderlek. .
The Coal Famine Is On./
Samuels Gone From His Bride.,
Sergeant Wollwebbers Retirement.
classes have been greatly frightened
by the shocks and religious feeling runs
high. The priest of the parish. Dr. Ruiz,
was obliged to stop processions and
prayers and marching through the
streets at late hours of the right. All
Is now quiet, however.
A part of the village of Altamlre, fif
teen miles from here, disappeared dur
ing the earthquake. There was no
loss of life, but the cemetery has sunk.
It seems as if nature had dropped an
enormous pile-driver on this spot. The
tombs are destroyed and all in ruins.
In the hamlet of Guanabana. as a
woman walked out of her rancho. the
earth opened and she was swallowed up
to her armpits. With picks and crow- ;
bars she was saved from death, but !
is now a raving maniac.
The City of Santiago, of about 12,000
inhabitants, suffered greatly. Public
buildings and all of the business sec
tion were greatly damaged. A fine
and imposing building, costing thou
sands of dollars and completed after
thirty years' work, was so damaged
that it is doubtful if it can be repaired.
Many persons abandoned their homes
and as yet have not returned, fearing
further shocks. For three days all
business places were closed, the inhabi
tants giving themselves up to confess
ing their Pins, doing penance and pray
ing. The streets were crowded night
and day with processions, praying and
singing. Suffering is great, as there
has been no work for days, and the
poor, dependent on their daily labor,
are hungry. Ninety-two houses were
damaged.
In Jaibon and Esperanza th» earth \
opened and .floods of water issued from j
the crevices, driving people from their '
homes, flooding estates and causing
great damage. It Is Impossible to
travel on the highways in this section
without encountering serious gaps in I
the roads. This section of country !
produces the best tobacco, and it is j
feared the crop may be lost. In Va- ;
varrette there are large cracks in the
earth, from which jets of water are !
are flowing. In Tamborlt and Jacagua '
springs of water appeared, but finally
subsided. It is said mountain* have
caved in and it is further represented I
that near there a volcano has ap- |
peared. This Information is con- !
firmed.
The damage done in the Province of
Cibao is hard to estimate, but it must
be fully $1,000,000. Since the earth
quake of 1842, which destroyed part of
this town and wrecked completely most
of the other towns and cities of this
Island, nothing approaching this has
been experienced.
MERRY AND SMITH MAY
LEARN THEIR FATE TO-DAY.
CHICAGO, Jan. 19— The case of Chris
j Merry and James Smith will go to the
! jury to-morrow. Merry expects no
mercy; Smith does.
"The jury will hang me," Merry re
peated many times to-day.
He made practically no defense. Merry
was deaf to all the arguments of his at
torneys. He feared the cross-examina
tion. He said repeatedly:
•'I don't know who killed Polly I did
not see her, have never seen her since
between 4 and 5 o'clock on Friday after
noon, November 19."
"Why not go on the stand and t%ll your
story to the jury?" urged Colonel David
son, his counsel. "You cannot hurt your
self, and you may benefit yourself."
Merry shook his head and declared it
I was useless for him to say a word. The
I arguments will be finished by noon to-
I morrow, and the case will go to the Jury
by a p. m.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DELITER THE
CITY TO HER
OPPRESSORS
A Scheme to Renew
the Water Com
pany's Lease.
Exposed by The Call in
the Interest of the
Poor.
Labor Unions of the South In
dorse the Action of This
Paper.
GRATEFUL FOR A CHANCE.
Local Newspaper Ring, Owned by
the Corporation, Has Sought to
Silence Hostile Criticism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 19.— The peo-
pie of IjOS Angelea
have never before
been as thorougb.
ly aroused upon
any public matter
as they are now
upon the attitude
of seven of the
nine members of
the City Council
and the syndicated
local press with
regard to the ac
quirement by the
municipality of its
water plant nmv
held under lease
by the corpora
tion. Not until The
Call sounded the
note of alarm did
the people realize
that their rights
were being trifled
with and that a
well defined plan
was being gradu
ally carried to a
successful termin
a t i o n whereby
they were either to
have a burden of
almost two mil-
LOS ANGELES, 4
■ Jan. 13.— Stephen A
H. Mott, secre- -4
• tary of the Los -4
Angeles City 4
Water Company, -i
■ was requested by -^
• a Call representa- -i
■ tlve to give to -i
■ the paper a state- 4
• ment in detail of 4
■ the company's -i
- side of the water A
• controversy. 1
- Mr. Mott sub- 4
- rotttr-d the mat- 4
► ter to the Board *
►■ of Directors of -<
► the corporation. -<
► They decided to -.
► make no state- *
► ment. The prof- -.
► fer was made to -
■■them in jrnnd -
► faith in order •<
► that any state- -
<■ ment the com- «
>- pany desired to -
► maka could be -
► presented to the -
► people through -
► The Call, as well <
►■ as the people's -
►- side of the con- -
htroversy. A -
>■ charge of unfair -
y treatment cannot -
► now he made.
lion dollars saddled upon them, for
which they would receive no value, or
the franchise and lease of the present
company was to be extended for a pe
riod of fifty years.
The reason the people have not been
awakened to the situation lies in the
fact that the three local dailies — the
Times, Herald and Express — were ab
solutely controlled by the water com
pany.
All avenues by which the people
could be reached were cut off until
The Call took up their fight and gave
the first complete and authentic state
ment of the exact situation that had
been published.
The result has been that for two days
the details given have furnished the
sole topic of discussion and now for
the first time is given the most start
ling intelligence that has yet been un
folded in this connection.
It has never been definitely under
stood just why the water company was
so desirous of delaying any and all
action that in any way tended to affect
municipal control and operation of the
distributing system. This has always
been the policy of the corporation and
of its three daily organs. Through
seven members of the City Council the
water company has been successful in
so blocking the progress of what, under
the contract, is a simple business plan,
that not one essential step to that end
has yet been taken.
The object of the delay Is to carry
out a scheme by which this generation
and the next one to come will be held
in the tentacles of the corporation.
"When the water company is forced to
do so it will give to the Council a figure
for which it will sell its plant. That
figure will be between $2,500,000 and
$3,000,000.
The idea is then to have its hench
men in the Council call a bond election
to vote the required amount of bonds
topurchase at the exorbitant figure. If
by any chance the bc-nds should carry,
the company would then be receiving
over a million and a half above what
the plant is worth. But it is well known
that any bond proposition giving the
water company more than a fair value
for its plant would be defeated. This
iis what the corporation desires. It
j would herald abroad the announcement
that the voters of the city of Los An
geles had declined to vote bonds to
! purchase a municipal water plant, and
: would say the result of the election
! clearly demonstrated that the people
did not want municipal ownership.
Then would come the deliberate be
trayal of a pubilc trust. The scheme
is to have the present City Council give
to the corporation a new lease and
franchise to cover a period of fifty
years, for which the company will give
to the city $1,000,000 in cash. Up to the
present time the water company has
seven votes in the Council. These mem
bers have always voted, as the corpo*2
ration wished. These seven votes
could legally vote the franchise
to the company and th« Mayor would
be powerless to prevent it.
- The present net income of the City
Company is anywhere from $400,000 to
$500,000 per annum. It in yearly in
creasing. The net Income -for fifty
years would be, at a moderate calcu
lation. $20,000,000. The $1,000,000 bonus
for such a franchise is nothing. ~
The water company's organs will
deny that any siuh scheme as this Is
contemplated or thought of. Never
theless, the plan has been so far ar
ranared that a syndicate has been form
ed to take the |lant after the fifty year
franchise has been secured and to give
$4,000,000 for It. Options have been se
cured on water company's stock with
this idea in view, and if the deal were
ever put through the parties who per
fected It would net one million dollars.
Now that the people are to be thor
oughly posted on every move and de
tail of this ficrht through The Call, the
consummation of this fdsantic fraud
upon the people can never be carried
out. The people are already aroused,
but with the news <>f this proposition
to deliver them over to the water com
pany for fifty years to come before
them they will never for a moment re
lax their vitrilanee until the water
negotiations are completed.
There are fifty-three stockholders of
the LOS Ar.gvles City Water Company
and there are 110,000 people in Los An
geles. The syndicated press — the
Times. Herald and Express — devoted
columns to weak and puerile explana
tions as to why they have pone over
to the protection of the interests of
those fifty-two stockholders to the ex
tent of robbing 110,060 citizens of mil
lions. Neither of these papers has the
audacity to controvert the facts set
out in The Call. They all declare for
municipal ownership now. but still
call for delay, delay, delay, as they
have for a year past. They also de
fend the Coundlmen who have voted
with the water company.
Out of their own mouths are these
thrt-'' papers convicted. The Herald
once was owned and controlled by par
ties other Than those who have it now
and it was not then a water company
organ. On January 11 of last year the
City Council, by a vote of 5 to 4. Her
man Silver casting the deciding vote,
refused to direct the City Engineer to
furnish an estimate "f the cost of an
entirely new water plant. This was the
tirst vote taken in the present Council
■which indicated that the water com-
pany had it.
The result of that vote aroused the
people and on January 12, 1597. the
Herald, commenting on it editorially,
said:
The basest feature of the human heart
is rev saled and cornea Into play as the
dominating factor when one betrays the
confidence "f his friend and neighbor
and delivers him over Into the hands of
a sworn enemy. Los Ar.geles nor any
other city « ■•. r experienced such a bold
exhibition of perfidy, hypocrisy and
falsehood as was seen In the City Coun- i
cil yesterday, when five of the nine mem
bers with relish foreswore themselves
and tried to deliver Los Angeles over to j
the water company to be squeezed, taxed
and swindled to the utmost of the com
pany's desire.
Later, under extreme pressure, the
Council did just exactly what was
asked of it on January 11, but the
Herald had changed hands, passed un
der the domination of the water com
pany. It then entered on a policy of
condemning every step suggested
which tended to clear the way for the
city to acquire the water plant, and
its policy of delay was inaugurated
and has ever since been consistently
kept up. As illustrative of this fact
the Herald editorially says:
A report gained currency yesterday
that the City Council is to make arbitra
tion an immediate issue in the contro
versy with the water company. It
might be supposed that the Council had
made a sufficiently silly exhibition of its
prematureness when it insisted upon
making public the opinion of the City
Attorney ar.d his associate counsel as to
the validity of the contract with the
water company.
The Herald was utterly opposed
then, and is now, to the people know-
Ing anything about the status of their
case. The people well know that the
water company was posted as to the
validity of the contract, hut the Herald
was unwilling the people should know
how its legal advisors regarded the
matter. This outlined its policy in
keeping the facts away from the peo
ple. The Evening Express, on the
same lines, editorially said on Septem
ber 21:
The calm, long-range judgment of the
majority of the people of this city will
be that a mistake was undoubtedly made
In making public the opinion of the City
Attorney and consulting- counsel as to the
validity ot the city's contract with the
Los Angeles Water Company.
Then the Herald became alarmed, on
the 25th of November, lest something
should be done whereby municipal
ownership would be furthered, so it
printed a labored editorial defending
the policy of the seven subservient
Councilmen, in which it said:
It is to be regretted that there is an
apparent disposition in some quarters to
bring the water question to an acute
crisis.
It then goes on and endeavors to
Fhow why it should not be done. The
Express has lined up with the Herald
and the Times bag, since !ast July,
led the van in making the water com
pany's fight.
In an editorial printed to-day, the
Times says 1t has always claimed that
municipal ownership was certain to be
brought about. But on the 28th day
of last November it did not think so.
for it editorially said then: "Municipal
ownership of the water supply system
Is a possibility of the future," and then.
In a column of space, gave its reasons
for indovsing the policy of delay, and
argued that not until after July 20. 1898,
could anything be done.
The exposures made by The Call have
forced the syndicated dailies to defend
.themselves, and in a labored way they
attempt to do so. But the people know
where they stand, where they have
stood in the past, and where they have
got to stand in the future — on the side
of the water company.
CAPTURED AFTER A LONG CHASE.
Leader of a Notorious Band of Cattle
Thieves Caught at Mendota.
FRESNO, Jan. 19.— Joaquln Avila, a
Mexican for whom the Marlposa officers
had been searching for the last eighteen
months, was arrested at Mendota the
other day by an officer, who notified
Sheriff Pronty of Mariposa of the fuct.
The Sheriff, accompanied by Deputy
Ollie Fiske, arrived here this morning
and went to Mendota, where they took
charge of the man for whom they Inul
been looking for a yc-ar and a half! The
prisoner was the head of a band of no
torious cattle-thieves who had been
» operating around Coulterville, and few
herds escaped them before the officers
succeeded in rounding them up and land
ing one of the gang in San Quentln.
RATCLIFFE RELEASED AND
AT ONCE REARRESTED.
The Actor Admitted to Bail and Then Jailed
Once More on a Charge of
Perjury.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— Justice Dickey,
In the Supreme Court, Brooklyn, to-uay
signed the papers admitting Edward J.
Satellite, the actor, to bail in J2sOf\ Rat
cliftf whs released from the Tombß later
in the day, but waa at once rearrested
on a warrant charging him with perjury.
Be was locked up uaul to-morrow.
BRALY'S CASE
FOR EXAMPLE
Dubious Methods of Los
Angeles Political
Purifiers.
How Lewis Thorne Was Knifed
in the Interest of the War
rant-Shaver.
Jugglery of the League for Better City
Government in Selecting a
School Director.
Bpeelnl Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 19.— How the
League for Better City Government
does "pure" politics is beautifully ex
emplified in the case of School Director
J. H. Braly. According to the state
ment of a former member of the
league, Mr. Braly's nomination us
school director in the Fifth Ward was
conceived, executed and consummated
in fraud by certain members of the
board of directors. The documentary
evidence to prove this lies in the re
cords of the league, but access to them
has been absolutely refused, not only
to The Call's correspondent, but to
members of the league in good stand
ing. C. S. Walton, the secretary, in re
fusing access to the records, is evident
ly simply obeying instructions of the
board of directors.
Judging from the circumstances con
nected with the nomination of Braly,
never was a candidate more anxious
than he to secure a nomination and
election. This anxiety has caused the
more comment as the office of school
director is without emoluments, and
Mr. Braly himself has said that the
"shaving" of teacher*- warrants was
not engaged in by his bank as a mat
ter of business, but simply as an ac
commodation to the teachers.
At the last city election the League
for Better City Government had an en-
tire municipal ticket in the field, with
the exception of a candidate for Mayor.
Some of these candidates had the nom
ination of the league alone, while oth
ers on the ticket were the nominees of
either the Republican or Democratic '
party and were only indorsed by the j
league. But all nominees and indorses
had to be balloted for by the league
members, or had to be formally nor- j
mated or indorsed in itie league con- ;
vention. In case any candidate failed |
to receive a majority df the ballots, the j
selection of the candidate was thrown
into the convention.
According to the bulletin issued by
the league on October 7, 1896, nomina- !
tions had to be filed between 9 a. m. ;
on October 7, and 5 p. m. on October 14. j
This bulletin further stated that each
nomination for a city office had to be
accompanied by a document signed by
twenty members of the league, or of i
the ward clubs allied with the league,
such document being virtually a peti
tion asking the candidate to stand for
the nomination.
Up to 5 p. m. of October 14 only one
nomination had been filed with the
league for School Director in the Fifth
Ward. This was in favor of Lewis
Thorne. Thorne is the secretary of the
Republican County Committee, presi
dent of the Young Men's Republican
League and secretary of the Sixth Dis
trict Agricultural Association. Every
name on Thome's petition was that of
a resident of the Fifth Ward. Accord
ing to the plan adopted by the league
this insured the indorsement of Thorne
by the league.
Thorne was too good a Republican,
however, to suit the directors who con
trolled the league. He had already re
ceived the nomination of the Republi
; can party, and his indorsement by the
■ league would have insured his elec
; tion. Under these circumstances, trifles
: like violations of the regulations
adopted by the league, the signing of
; other people's names without their
knowledge and treachery to a fellow
; member were not allowed to stand in
the way.
There was a meeting of the beard of
directors of the league on the night of
; October 14, which lasted until a late
| hour. After some of the members left
for home a plan was conceived and car
ried out by those who remained to get
up a petition among themselves nomi
nating certain persons for School Dl
' rector for the Fifth "Ward. One peti
tion was drawn up on which the names
of four candidates were placed. This
action was taken about 11 o'clock at
night, or six hours after the time fixed
by the league for the closing of nomi
nations. The four persons named as
candidates were J. H. Braly, B. R.
Baumgardt, J. P. A. Petsch and Fred
Walton.
The balloting for nominees was done
by mall, each member being sent a
: ticket which contained the names of
all the candidates for each office. After
marking his ballot the voter remailed
it to the league and it was opened and
counted by the central committee of
the league. The candidate who re
ceived a majority of all the votes cast
for any particular office was at once
declared the nominee of the league for
that office. If no one candidate re
ceived a majority his selection was
thrown into the convention which met
later.
It is charged that the idea of the di
rectors in fixing up a petition with four
names on It as nominees for School Di
i rector in the Fifth Ward was to pre
i vent a choice by ballot and thus trans
! fer to the convention, which the execu
! tive committee expected to control and
1 which it did control, the selection of
i the candidate.
What added to the iniquity of the ac
tion taken by the members of the board
of directors on this occasion was that
there were only sixteen of them pres
ent. As already stated it required
twenty names to be attached to a pe
tition to make it valid. In this emer
gency it is charged that H. W. O'Mel
veny, who was a member of the exe
cutive committee, signed the following
; names of four members who were not
present: Frank A. Gibson, J. R. New
berry, Charles Forman and John F.
Francis.
As was anticipated, no one of the
! five candidates got a majority, and the
! convention subsequently nominated J.
| H, Braly. To further show that this ae
j tion of the directors was not taken
i with an honest purpose In view, bur
simply to defeat Thome, the fact la
cited that the names of four candi
dates were put on the one petition and
that only three of the twenty names
attached to the petition were names of
members who lived in the Fifth Ward.
There was an understanding in the
league that each ward should nomi
nate its own Councilman and member
j of the Board of Education.
Another interesting phase of Braly>
candidacy for School Director was the
persistency and boldness with whir-h
he pursued the office, hunting it first
in the camp of the Republicans, then in
the Democratic convention, and finally
in the convention of the league. Hip
first effort was to secure the nomination
i from the Republican party. He attend
| ed a caucus, and his presence there
j caused the chairman of the meeting to
THE SAX FItAXCISCO CALL, TIIUESDAT, JAXUAEY 20, 1898.
seek him out to say to him that hia at
tendance whs an unexpected pleasure.
Braly wag asked if he had not made a
mistake, as he had always been known
as a stanch Democrat. Braly an
swered that he had left the Democratic
party and was then a Republican. Bra
ly was named by the caucus as a nomi
nee to attend the Republican city con
vention, but when the ballot was taken
he only had four votes to his credit, so
he neither attended the Republican
convention nor received the nomination
for School Director. He was afterward
nominated by the Democratic city con
vention, at his own request, and. as
already stated, received the indorse
ment of the league.
This is the member of the School
Board trho is held up as a model by
the syndicated press of Los Angeles,
and who is defended by these same pa
pers—the Times, the Herald and the
Express — after he has been shown to be
guilty of a felonious act while serving
as a School Director. This is the man
who F. K. Rule, the president of the
League for Better City Government,
says has committed no violation <<t the
law in "shaving" teachers' warrants at
his bank.
When H. W. O'Molv.ny was asked to
day If he had attached the names of
Messrs. Gibson, NVwhnrry, Forman
and Francis to the petition previously
mentioned he replied that h>* had no
recollection of having done so. He de
clared that all the names attach* 1 to
the petition were the names of those
present at the time the petition was
siened, and that if the gentlemen did
not sign their names thems.-lv.s the
names were attached by thHr author
ity. When a?rain asked the question
he repeated that he had no recollection
of having signed any other person's
name, and added, "but I would not
say positively." .
Frank A. Gibson, whose name is
said to have been attached to th>- pe
tition by Mr. O'Melveny, said that he
had heard of his name beinpr \. need
thereon, that he did not see the p< ti
tlon and therefore had no direct
knowledge on the matter, and that if
his name was placed thereon by Mr.
O'Melveny it had been placed there in
g-ood faith.
TO RULE THE
BENCH SHOW
San Francisco Kennel Club
Elects Officers for
the Year.
The Dogs Will Hnve Their Special
Days From May
18 to St.
The San Francisco Kennel Club held
a very enthusiastic meeting last evening
in the parlor of the OcddentsJ Hotel.
The first business transacted was an
election of officers as follows: A. 1..
Spreekels, president: J. E. de Ruyter,
first vice-president; 11. J. Crocker, sec
ond vice-president; H. H. Carlton, sec
retary; F. W. Tallant. treasurt-r.
Board of directors— A. B. Spreckels, H.
J. Crocker, J. EL i\* Ruyter, F. W. Tal
lant. Dr. F. W. d Kv.-lyn, J. G. Barker
and E. V. Sullivan.
Several members who were present
spoke very highly of the last bench
, show held in this city, the large num
i ber of splendid dogs that were benched
; and the very excellent arrangements
that were provided for the comfort of
; the dogs and the people who at;
I the show.
It was voted that instead of a bench
show committee of six. as formerly se
lected, a committee of five members
would accomplish Just ns good results.
Th>» elecetion resulted in the following
gentlemen beintf selected: H. J. Crocker,
W. C. Brown. I >r. d'Kvclyn. B. V. Sulli
van and H. H. Carlton. •
The committee on judges appointed
ht. V. G. Bark, r, W. J. Stewart. H. 11.
Carlton, J. Bergerf and Dr. d' Evelyn.
Committee on special prizes— H. J.
Crocker, J. B. At Ruyter, w. S. Kittle, R.
J. Oxnard arid Norman J. Stewart.
Committee OS premium list and cata
! >gues— J. G. Barker, J. E. de Ruyter and
W. <\ Brown.
Committee on advertising— J. O. Bar
ker. H J. «'r..ck. r. \V <\ Brown, B. N.
Sullivan and W. S. Kittle.
The club will hold its next show at Me
chanics' Pavilion on the isth. 19th. Btn
and 21st of May next, provided that the
American Kennel Club, which is the par
ent body, will urant thiisn dates.
At last year's show th>> <-ntrios» num
bered 650 dogs, which included all breeds,
and it is confidently expected that at
the next show th<- l'"»i mark will be
reached. The San Francisco Kennel Club
is not far behind some of the most pre
tentious kennel clubs of the lanre East
ern cities, and according to the rapid
progress it has been making in the im
portation and breeding of blooded stock
this city will in the near future command
the respect of the sportsmen and the
breeders of high class dogs throughout
the American continent.
Robert N. Oxnard. president of the
Country Club; Emmett V. Sullivan. No»
man J. Stewart and W. 11. McKlttrick,
the president of tlio Colllo Club nt Bak
ersfield, were elected t<) membership.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Protest Against Withrow's Appointment as
Santa Clara's Postmaster Reaches
Washington.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— Senator Per
kins is making earnest efforts in behalf
of the three subordinates of the Internal
Revenue Office at San Francisco who
were suspended. One of them is a sister
ln-law of Attorney McXab. The Treasury
Department will decide the matter in a
day or two.
■ Senator Perkins escorted Dr. McLean
of Los Angeles to the White House to
day and presented him to the President,
who extended to him a cordial invitation
to the White House reception to-night.
The doctor accepted.
The protest against the confirmation of
the nomination of A. A. Withrow as
postmaster at Santa Clara was received
by Senator Perkins to-day and filed with
the Postoffice Committee of the Senate.
Among the signatures is that of the State
Senator from that district and the editor
of the Santa -Clara News. The petition
ers allege that Withrow is a non-resi
dent of the city of Santa Clara. Con
gressman Loud, upon whose recommen
dation Mr. Withrow was appointed, ap
peared before the committee to-day and
made an argument advocating his con
firmation. There is hardly a doubt that
Withrow will be confirmed,- for Senator
Perkins will not offer any strenuous.op
position, contenting himself with the
riling of the petition.
The following pensions have been
granted:
California— William Baker, Ven
tura. $*<: John Heardon, Veterans' Home
Nai'ia, $6: John M. Slekels. ■ Soldiers' Home'
1. I Anireles. J10: Gustavo TTlrlch, San Fran
cisco.' $10: Levi P. Crawford. Pasadena, Si!
Reissue — Voris Stevlson, Soldiers* Home, Los
Angeles, $8. Increase — Nathaniel B. Brown
San Francisco, IS to $17. Mexican wnr nirvl
vors, increase— Juan Martinez, Monterey $8 to
18.
♦-Oregon— Original— "William 11. \\>st, Clifford
$s: Joslsih B. Arnott. Marshfield. $6.
Washington— Original— Mason. Port An
geles, . $C; William W. . Stewart, Spokane, %&.
AN UNKNOWN MAN FOUND
MURDERED AT FIREBAUGH.
FRESNO, Jan. 19.— This afternoon
Coroner Long received a •telegram from
Firebaugh, about thirty miles from hen,
stating: that a man had been found dead
under circumstances pointing to murder.
The Coroner, accompanied by assistnnt
Prosecuting Attorney A. E. "Williams
left for Firebaugh on a freipht train
No further facts were learned. Later,
however, a report reached this city that
the man had been murdered and that the
officers were in pursuit of a Jong-haired
negro who is the murderer. The names
of none at the parties could be learned.
BROOKLYN NAVY
YARD SCANDAL
More Trouble in Store for
the Officers of the
Station.
Accused of Fraud in the Pur
chasing of Marine
Supplies.
Contracts Let at Exorbitant Prices to
Merchants Who Returned a
RaUe-Off.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: An in
vestigation of another scandal in the
Brooklyn Navy Yard will commence
to-morrow. Under orders issued by
Secretary Long a court of inquiry will
convene to determine upon whom
rests the responsibility for alleged
questionable practices which have pre
vail, -d for several years in the marine
barracks. The court will be composed
of Captain Merrill Miller as president
and member and Lieutenant Com
mander J. D. J. Kelley as recorder.
The matter was first brought to the
attention of the department by a
Brooklyn merchant named Wallace,
who charged that the officers were
guilty of fraudulent practices in en
tering into contracts for supplies. The
department directed an investigation
by an officer in whom it had confidence
and it is understood that in his report
be substantiates the merchant's
» h;irsrt-s. From what can be learned
the charges are of such a grave char
acter that there is a possibility of
court -nmrt ials for both officers and en
listed men, resulting from the inves
tigation.
It appears that the charges center
around the methods pursued by the
marine barracks in making contracts
for supplies. For instance, if a lawn
mower were in the account, Mr. Wal
lace charged that an enlisted man. act
ing as clerk, would go to a favored
merchant and inform him that ar
rangements would be made whereby
he could get the contract provided he
would engage to give in return 10 per
cent of the contract price. The clerk
would then invite the merchant to bid
"n the lawn mower and would send
similar invitations to two of his em
ployes. The merchant would bid an
excessive price on the lawn mower,
but the clerks would bid higher, and
he, being the lowest bidder, would
consequently be awarded the con
tracts.
Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Higbee is
the commandant of the barracks. It
is alleged that the practices extend
ovor several years, and that many en
listed men concerned have been dis
charged. Another matter brought to
the attention of the department was
that of an officer in the barracks, who,
it is alleged, contracted for three stoves
for the barracks, but instead of being
supplied with stoves the barracks were
furnished with grates. All papers in
the matter have been referred to Cap
tain Miller and Lieutenant Commander
Kelly.
GOVERNMENT ECONOMY
WHICH DID NOT PAY.
Brooklyn Nary- Yard Dry dock A/most Use-
less Because Constructed
of Wood.
NEW YORK, Jan. I?.— A dispatch from
Washington to the effect that Represen
tative HlH.orn of the House Naval Com
mittee w.iuld introduce a resolution call
ing for Congressional investigation of al
leged defective construction of the Brook
lyn navy-yard drydock created something
of a stir among the officers at the yard
to-day.
One of the officers said- that sue. a com
mittee as Representative Hilborn would
have appointed could do no more than
numerous engineers connected with the i
Bureau of Yards and Docks, who haa ex- j
amined the dock when completed, and |
they all agreed that the dock was faulty
in construction. ■ They had long ago de
cided that If the dock was to be saved
it could only be done by converting it
into a composite dock by concreting. It
had long ago been agreed by engineers
who had examined the dock that the real
secret of faulty construction lay in the
fact that the Government had attempted
to practice false economy when it ordered
a wooden drydock Instead of one of stone.
The reason assigned at the time the plans
for the big dock were adopted for build
ing it of wood instead of stone was that
the cost of a wooden dock would be less
than half that of a stone dock. The fal
lacy of the argument now was apparent,
and that was about all that any Congres
sional committee could get out of an in
vest iEatiun.^^^^^^^^^^^^
DOCTORS DIFFER AS TO
MRS. CREEDE'S SANITY.
Experts for the Defense Take Issue With
the Physicians Who Testified for
the Contestants.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 19.— 1n the Creede
will case to-day the defense began with a
line of expert medical testimony to
prove the opposite to what physicians
who had testified for the contestants had
stated.
Dr. Kurtz stated that he would not
conclude under the conditions given that
Mrs. Creedo was of unsound mind at the
time that she signed the contract. On the
contrary, he said, her morals might be
depraved by her long-continued use of
morphine and her intellect still remain
unclouded. Her mind, he said, would not
be affected by the use of the drug until
after physical decay.
1 ft. Hughes was examined along the
same lines as Dr. Kurtz. He stated that
after hearing Mrs. Creede testify upon
the witness-stand since the trial began
he believed that she was a person of per
fectly sound mind.
RESTORES TO PUBLIC ENTRY
LANDS NOW IN DISPUTE.
The Southern Pacific Denied Possession of
Tracts in the At/antic and
Pacific Grant.
WASHINGTON, Jan. Secretary*
Bliss has denied the petition of the South
ern Pacific Railroad for a suspension of
that portion of the department's decision
in the case of the Union Oil Company,
wherein it was held under «i recent deci
sion of the Supreme Court that the rail
road company could not make Indemnity
selection of lands within the fortified
limits of the grant to the Atlantic and
Pacific Company. In effect, the action of
the Secretary : directs the restoration to
public entry of the lands in the conflict
ing limits "to the grants to the two rail
road companies.
:• . — ■ •
STORMY STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
Badly Muddled Affairs of a Building and
Loan Association.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.— There was a
stormy meeting to-night of the stock
holders of the Union Building and Loan
Association of this city, the oldest con
cern of the kind on the coast. For some
time past there have been load oozn
; plaints heard from stockholders regard-
I ing the management of the association's
j affairs, and matters were even more
I complicated recently by the failure of E.
K. Alsip, the secretary and one of the
leading managers for many years.
At to-night's meeting the committee
appointed recently to investigate its af
i fairs reported that there had been negli
gence and mismanagement. Grove L.
Johnson attacked the board of director*.
, whom he wanted ousted from office and
; prosecuted. He also demanded thai sev
eral of the stock series be repudiated,
also the overdraft of $100,000 at one of the
nanks. Xo action was taken on these
matters, but a committee was appointed
to confer with San Francisco parties who
offered to take hold o f the association's
affairs and lift the concern out of the
mire.
JUDGE E. B. HALL PASSES
AWAY AT SANTA BARBARA.
Suddenly Succumbs to Kidney Trouble— Was
a Leading Member of the Bar of
the County.
SANTA BARBARA, Jan. 19.— Judge E.
B. Hall, one of the mo« prominent resi
dents of this county and a leading mem
ber of the bar, died suddenly this morn
ing from kidney trouble. He was a na
tive of Virginia and in the 76th year of
his age. I
In the early seventies Judge Hall came
to this city and began the practice of
law. Before coming here he had been
prominent during the war in the State
of Virginia and was a member of the
convention that framed the constitution
for the State of West Virginia, being one
of those to take the constitution to the
United States Congress for ratification,
tor this act a price was- put on his head
r>y the Confederate authorities. Judge
Hall was the first Attorney-General of
the State of West Virginia. At the con
clusion of his term of office he became
Circuit Judge.
The fla^s of the city are at half-mast
in h^nor of deceased.
FULL PLANS FOR
AN ARMOR PLANT
Secretary Long Estimates the
Cost at About Four Mil
lion Dollars.
Bids for Its Construction to Be Opened
on the Twenty-ninth of
This Month.
Spocial Dispatch to The Tall.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 19.
Secretary Long, accompanied by Chief
Constructor Hichborn. Chief O'Neill of
the Bureau of Ordnance and Judge Ad
vocate Lemley, appeared before the Sen
ate Committee on Naval Affairs to-day.
The Secretary said in response to ques
tions that the Navy Department had pre
pared full plans and specifications calling
for an armor plant under the last naval
appropriation bill, and that estimates on
the cost of land, tools end machinery
necessary to equip the plant had been
adopted. The bids were to be opened on
the 29th lnst., and he thought several
bids would be made.
Secretary Long said also that in view
of the report of the committee which he
had appointed to consider the question
of a Government armor plant and its re-?
port upon the great cost and delay it
would tarblVft, he had entered into fur
ther negotiations with private an.*»>r
plants now furnishing armor for other
ships, and he believed that he could make
a contract for the supply of armor plate
for the Illinois, Alabama and Wisconsin,
now under course of construction, which
would be ready whenever the ships were
ready to receive it. at the rate of $400 a
ton. The Secretary recommended, in
view of the circumstances, that an ar
rangement to this effect should be
adopted.-
From the Secretary's statement, cor
roborated by statements from Commo
dore Hichborn and Captain O'Neill, it ap
pears that the cost of a Government
plant properly equipped would be from
t3.500.fxw to 14300,008. He said that this in
cluded machinery for making armor
plate, guns and projectiles.
DEMAND FOR DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— The Journal of
Commerce will say to-morrow:
There continues a brisk consuming demand
for California dried fruits, and the tendency of
the market Is upward. The chief Interest at
present centers In prunes, supplies of desirable
sizes of which are reported to be small.
Ordinarily at this time of the year the con
suming demand la light, and under pressure
to dispose of surplus stocks prices have gen
erally a downward tendency. This year it
would appear that surplus stocks have been
disposed of through the demands of foreign
trade, and at the present time offerings of
nearly all kinds, either on spot or for ship
ment from the Coast, are said to be small. A
large part of the export business in prunes.
It Is stated, has been dr»ne directly from the
Coast this season, owing to the favorable rates
made by the transportation companies.
Next to prunes, peaches seem to be the most
attractive article on the list of California dried
fruits, cheap stockp have been closely ab
sorbed. It Is reported, and the views of the
holders of what remains are very firm and the
tendency of prices Is upward.
About the only article in the line of Cali
fornia dried fruits which shows any lack of
Interest at the present time Is raisins, but
these latter are held firmly, as stock of good
quality in all positions is reported to be light.
New Orleans Winners.
NEW ORLEANS. Jan. 19.— Six and a
half furlongs, Glenmoyne won, Lexington
Pirate second. W C T third. Time, 1:29.
Three furlongs. Tyrba won. Fort Henry
second. Top Roller third. Time, -A2\.
Gentilly handicap, one mile. Willson
won. Tole Simmons second. Surmount
third. Time, 1:53.
One and a half miles, selling, Nannie
L's Sister won, Ransom second, Wells
street third. Time, 1:65.
Seven and a half furlongs, selling. Ama
teur won, Gypceiver second. Aunt Maggie
third. Time. 1:45.
Six furlongs, selling, Eton Jacket won,
Mitt Roykin second, Rhett Goode third.
Time. 1:22.
NEW TO-DAY.
WASTE NOT^WANT NOT.
He Who in Youth Outrages the
Laws of Nature Must Repay.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL, CONSULT
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Established 15 Years
AT
737 MARKET STREET
He reßtores lost vigor and vitality to
weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are
restored to perfect health and strength
through his new and original system of
treatment. RUPTURE cured by his new
method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the gland 9
treated with unfailing success. Contaftl-
' our blood poison in any of its stages
; thoroughly eradicated from the system.
LadieK will receive special attention for
: all their many ailments. WRITE if you
! cannot call. No charge for advice by
; mail. He will also send you a valuable
; book, "Guide to Health," free of charee.
i Address F. L. SWEANY. M. D., 737 Mar-
1 ket street, San Francisco, CaL
C. H. RAYMOND
IS CONVICTED
The Redwood City Jury
Speedily Reaches a
Verdict
Murder in the First Degree and
No Recommendation for
Mercy. .
Must Haiiy With Winters, His Accom
plice, for the Andrews Murder
at Baden.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 19.— 1t
took the Jury just one hour this after
noon to find C. H. Raymond guilty of
murder in the first degree. In this
case, as in that of Harry Winters, the
jury failed to recommend the defendant
to the mercy of the court. Both parties
are therefore doomed to suffer the
death penalty for the murder of C. A.
Andrews, who was shot at the Grand
Hotel in Baden on the 17th of Novem
ber last.
Raymond took the verdict in a very
different manner from Winters. The
latter lost all control of himself and
denounced the witnesses who appeared
against him as perjurers, liars and
murderers, while Raymond appeared
wholly indifferent when the jury an
nounced its verdict.
Raymond, alias Moore, is an old ex
convict, having served a long term in
the California State prison and also
two terms in the State Prison in Ore
gon. Winters is also an ex-convict.
The two were well acquainted with
each other and the general feeling in
this neighborhood is that both have
met with their just deserts.
Winters will appear to-morrow morn-
Ing before Judge Buck to be sentenced
and Raymond will undergo the same
ordeal on Monday next.
Winters took the stand in his own
behalf and attempted to prove an alibi.
Raymond had no such defense, as he
was caught about three hours after the
shooting- within six or seven miles
from the scene of action. The latter
Introduced no evidence in support of
any defense, but relied wholly upon the
fact that the identification was incom
plete. The jury though was evidently
satisfied as to his guilt, as shown by
the prompt verdict rendered. They de
liberated a little longer in the latter case
than in the former, it taking them
but five minutes to convict Winters.
In the main the evidence in the case
of Raymond was but a repetition of
that given in the Winters case.
John Ferriter and Richard Connelly
NEW TO-DAY.
I Durrant's Last
| Amusement
; This is the famous puzzle
; which occupied so much of
i Durrant's time during his last
! hours on earth. Presented
! to him by Attorney Deuprey.
I $100 in CASH TO BE GIVEN away.
| To the boy or girl who sells the largest number of these famous puzzles before July
, Ist, 1898, $50 ; to the second most successful, $30 ; and to the third, $20. To all who
I sell over five puzzles ten per cent discount will be given — also in cash. Easiest way 'in
1 the world for young folks to make money ;, ten cents starts you' in business. Write
[ for particulars.
I This is the most interesting and intricate puzzle yet invented. When completed
I the pieces form a perfect checker board. Will amuse young and old for hours. Price
[ 10 cents, postpaid ; send stamps or cash. Address Checker Board Puzzle Co., P.O.
( Box 352, Sacramento, Cal. Reference California State Bank, Sacramento.
■ . ; — iaj^-v^^,'
/R'j^ ts"i!S^ 1 , ILIUM mil'
Any curable disorder is a needless burden. All disorders arising from
indigestion are curable because the cause can be cured to a certainty. *
are not a " guess-work " remedy. They give quick relief. The proof of
' this claim may be found in a single tabule. A sense of relief will be felt
in ' the stomach :as soon as the tabule begins to dissolve. Every
employed indoors should carry a few in his vest pocket. Every woman
should keep them in the house. They are composed of the very mcdi- -
cines your physician would prescribe were he called on ;to treat you ? for
dyspepsia or any manner of stomach, liver or intestinal troubles. '
to-day gave a very vivid description
of the encounter with the robber in
the hallway of the hotel in the early
morning: of November 17. They iden
tified Winters, the robber, beyond ques
tion.
Patrick Ferriter, for the second time
in court, swore that he recognized Ray
mond on the stairs immediately pre
ceding the shooting.
Constable Fred Desirelli testified to
having seen the two men. Winters and
Raymond, late on the evening of the
16th in Baden.
Lieutenant Burke testified to state
ments made by Raymond to him when
arrested on the 17th of November.
Raymond, he said, told him he had
been in San Jose for the past two
months immediately prior to the fatal
occurrence in the Grand Hotel, and
yet it was proved that he was in Baden
a week previous thereto.
The result of the two trials has
given general satisfaction here, and it
is thought that the examples made of
these two men will greatly discourage
these hard characters from frequenting
San Mateo County.
SENATOR MORGAN
TALKS AND TALKS
•FOR ANNEXATION
Continued from First Page.
will and act of the free people of all an<l
each of these United States, nor without
the formation of a r.<w compact of the
union and another frame of government
radically different in objects, principles
and powers from that which was framed
for our own self-puveinment and deemed
to be adequate to all exigencies of our
own free republic. Therefore,
Resolved. That we have witnessed with
deep concern indications of a disposition
to bring into this union as a constituent
member thereof the foreign province or
territory of Texas.
The resolutions further recite that
should one foreign State of country be
introduced, another and another may
be without end, whether situated in
South American, in the West India Isl
ands or in any other part of the world;
and that a single foreign State thus
admitted might have it in its power,
by holding the balance between con
tending parties, to wrest their own
Government from the hands and con
trol of people, by whom it was estab
lished, for their own benefit and self
government. Continuing, it says:
"We arp firmly convinced that the free
people of these States will look upon any
attempt to introduce the foreign terri
tory of Texas, or any other foreign ter
ritory or nation, into this union as a con
stituent member or members thereof, aa
manifesting a willingness to prostrate
the constitution and dissolve the union.
Resolved. That his excellency, the Gov
ernor, be requested to forward a copy of
i the foregoing resolutions to each of our
! Senators and Representatives in Con
] gress, and to each of the Executives of
the several States, with the request that
the same may be laid before the respect
ive legislatures of said States.
Pioneer Woman Dies at Napa.
NAPA, Jan. 19.— Mrs. Enger Gudmund
sen, a native of Norway, nearly 90 years
of age, died in this city this morning.
Deceased was one of the pioneer women
of the State and leaves a (laughter. Mrs.
Lena Jensen, living in 9an Francisco, be
sides nine grandihi'.dren.QUIET IS
RESTORED
AT HAVANA
May Be but the Calm
That Precedes
the Storm.
Soldiers Declare Openly
That Blanco Must Give
Up His Post.
They Would Not Fire Upon
Rioters if He Ordered
Them to Do So.
PLAINTS OF AMERICANS.
Even Consul-General Lee's Mail Is
Held Up by Agents of the
Spanish Government.
Copyright. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Jan. 19.— Aboslute calm
now reigns In Havana, and it is diffi
cult to realize that a few days ago the
city was apparently on the verge of
revolution. Although the rioting was
practically over on Friday night,
troops continued to be poured into the
city up to Sunday. General Bernet
arrived from Pinar del Rio on that
morning with a force estimated at 2000
men and bivoucked in the railroad
yards in Prado, where most of his
s remain. At about the same
time a column of 1000 cavalry rode in
and found quarters in Curtel de le Fu
erza. In Cuba street, on artillery
wharf, batteries of field artillery were
planted in position to rake Cuba and
Chacon streets.
All public buildings along the harbor
front, from Plaza de Annas to Punta,
were crammed with troops and large bod
i> p of cavalry and infantry were held in
reserve in streets adjacent to Central
Park. It is estimated that fully 12,000
3 were in the city in addition to
the regular garrison.
There was much speculation as to the
cause of such extraordinary precau
tions in view of the fact that, the city
was apparently tranquil. An expla
nation offered for the concentration of
troops far in excess of the apparent
gravity of the situation is that General
o has determined to mobilize one
quarter of the volunteer force and put
lr Into the field in active service. If
he ever had such an idea, he has ap
parently abandoned it. A much more
probable solution is offered in the New
York Herald's Madrid telegram in the
papers received here this morning, stat
ing that the riots were the result of a
Conservative plot in Spain to over
throw the ministry ard General Blanco
and enforce the return of General
W.-yler.
There is no question that the bitter
est feeling against < ".r-r.eral v Blanco and
autonomy is entertained in Conserva
tive circles and among .volunteers and
In the army. Volunteer officers are
open in expressions of hostility and
regulars are no less hostile, but are
generally more guarded in their utter
ances.
A regular officer said yesterday that
G> nf-ral P>lanco would have to go, and
if the regulars were ordered to fire on
thn volunteers or the people, he be
lieved they would refuse to obey.
I learn that General Blanco has been
distinctly notified that the army will
not permit the Government to extend
air] to reeonoentrados while loyal sol
diers are suffering from want of sup
plies. Circulars are daily distributed
in the streets and cafes calling volun
teers v arms to avenge insults put on
loyal Spaniards by the new regime. A
bomb was exploded on Monday night
fit Infanta and Monte streets, but no
damage was done.
All American papers were again held
in th? postoffice to-day. Many citizens
complain that thefr letters have been
1 as well as delayed. In the last
mail Consul-General Lee's papers, ad
dressed to the consulate, were held up
and General Lee sent a strong personal
remonstrance to General Blanco and
later got his papers. To-day his papers
were acrain stopped.
The Herald's correspondent in Sagua
la Grande writes that mail for
United States citizens there is being
tampered with, including mail for the
consulate.
HOLDING WARSHIPS IN
READINESS FOR SERVICE.
Commanders of Several Vessels Given
Orders Bringing Them Nearer
to Cuba.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent telegraphs:
In anticipation of an emergency Sec
retary Long 1 has taken measures to
support any stand the Chief Magis
trate may take. Orders to the gun
boat Nashville, assigning her to duty
on the European station, were to-day
revoked; the gunboat Helena, which
left New York some weeks ago for the
Asiatic station via the Mediterranean
and Suez ''anal, has br-en caught by
cable at Funehal and directed to at
tach herself to the European squad
ron; the cruiser Cincinnati, now at
Buenos Ayres, and the gunboat Cas
tine at Montevideo, have been Instruct
ed to proceed to the northern part of
Brazil.
Furthermore, I understand that Com
modore George Dewey, commanding
the Asiatic squadron, h.is been com
municated with, and has been inform
ed that it may be necessary for his
ships to return to the United States,
and that if they c-ome tlicy will be re
quired to come to the Atlantic by the
quickest rout,-, and to have his vw-
Bcla in readiness to receive any orders
the department may sond
Rear Admiral Miller, who commands
the Pacific station, and who is now at
H-.noiulu. has been advised of the sit
uation. The- battleship Maine was in
structed to-day to join the fleet and
proceed with it to Tortugaa The De
troit or Montgomery will be retained at
Key West on the filibustering patrol,
and it is understood torpedo boats will
also remain there. While it cannot
be positively stated, there is reason to
believe that the object In keeping tor
pedo boats at Key West is to have
prompt forwarding to Rear Admiral
Blcard at Tortupui of all dispatches
sent by Consul General Lee.
Mercantile Library.
The annual meeting of the Mercantile
Library Association will be held this
evening at the library for the purpose
of installing officers for the present year.
WITNESSES
REFUSE TO
TESTIFY
Bribery Investigation
at Ohio's Capital
Blocked.
Questions Asked in Vain
of Men Who Were
Subpenaed.
Committee Decides to Report
Back to the Senate for
Instructions.
CAN MAKE NO HEADWAY.
Falls to Onther Evidence as to the
Alleged Purchasing of Vote*
for Senator.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS, Jan. 19.— The Investi
gation Into the charges of bribery In
connection with the recent Senatorial
election reached a crisis to-night. No
matter what may be the final result of
the investigation, there will likely be
several witnesses arrested for con
tempt. They had seven witnesses sub
penaed for to-night, but they were not
all examined because none of them
would testify.
The Senate Committee last night ex
amined Samuel Pentland. proprietor of
the Neil House; Frank P. Ross, man
ager of the telephone company; W. F.
Truesdale, manager of the Postal Tele
graph Company, and Shepherd M.
Dunlap, manager of the Western
Union Telegraph Company, who then
asked to confer with their attorneys
and were excused until to-night for
that purpose. When they appeared
to-night they said their attorneys held
that the Senate had no Jurisdiction in
the investigation of the bribery of a
member of the House and had advised
them not to answer any further ques
tions before the committee. They all
followed the advice of their attorneys,
as did Mr. Hollenbeck, who was not on
the stand last night.
When the committee found that the
advice of the attorneys was being fol
lowed uniformly by all witnesses called
the open session was closed and the
committee went into executive session
to make plans for further procedure.
The Senate chamber was crowded
while the committee in open session
attempted to examine witnesses, and
the action of the witnesses caused de
monstrations of derision. The wit
nesses did not decline to tell the name
of their counsel, and their replies
showed that most eminent lawyers had
been engaged in the case.
The members of the House investiga
tion committee were present by invita
tion and they were requested to ask
questions, but none of them took any
part. Judge Robertson, who has
served with distinction on the beach at
Cincinnati, Is a member of the Senate
; committee, and is prosecutor. He wore
■ himself out asking questions and get
i ting the monotonous reply:
"On the advice of counsel, I decline
to answer."
Chairman Burke and Senators Lang
and Fink did their best to draw out the
witnesses, but to no avail. After the
four others took their turns Senator
j Garfield would close each examination
by askirrg:
"Do you decline to answer questions
because your attorneys say this com
mittee has no jurisdiction in this case
and have so advised you?"
The reply was in the affirmative and
the witnesses were excused. Each wit
ness was told that he was held under
service l>y the committee and should
report to-morrow night at 7:30, or
sooner if called for. As the commit
tee will make a partial report to the
Senate to-morrow a lively time is ex
pected. The committee will ask the
i Senate to punish the witnesses for COB
; tempt and to give the investigators
I full authority.
A. D. Hollenben of Chardon, Audiror
of Geauga County and member of the
Republican State Executive Commit
tee, was among the witnesses called.
Hollenben was asked repeatedly if his
son was not in the employ of Senator
Hanna, and if his son did not carry
funds from Columbus to Cincinnati.
Representative Otis resides in Cincin
nati and made the charges under
which the investigation was instituted.
He invariably refused to answer these
questions, doing so, he said, upon the
advice of his attorneys.
Shepherd A. Dunlap, manager of the
Western Union Telegraph Company,
was asked specifically for messages
signed "H. D." Mr. Dunlap, too, de
clined to make reply.
Frank P. Ross, manager of the tele
phone company, was asked about H.
H. Boyce. S. D. Hollenbeek and others
being called up at Cincinnati, but he
declined to- answer.
In response to subpenas Justin Wight
and Harry Ellinsworth, telegraph op
erators, who worked the wire at Sena-
\ tor Hanna's headquarters in the Neil
House, were present to testify, but the
i committee decided at 9 p. m. not to pro
i ce^d with any more witnesses who were
; under instructions of attorneys.
The committee then went into exec-
utive session to consider th<» extent of
its Jurisdiction in the investigation and
especially in the matter of punishing
for contempt. The committee was in
executive session from 9 to 11 o'clock
aid adopted, by a vote of 4 to 1, Gar
field voting in the negative, a resolu
tion to refer the whole matter back to
the Senate and adjourned for further
instructions and power.
IVES MAKES A BRILLIANT SPURT.
The Young Napoleon Defeats George Sutton
by a Score of 400 to 160.
CHICAGO. Jan. 19.— After one of the
finest displays of scientific billiards ever
shown In Chicago Frank Ives to-night
defeated George Sutton by a score of 400
to 160. Ives won the bank, but missed
the play-off shot. Sutton made 10, and
the young Napoleon proceeded to show
the possibilities of the game. Draws,
masses, spreads and bank shots alter
nated with skillful nursing until 123 was
reached. Then Frank fell down on a
draw shot. Sutton piled up M in his third
inning. 19 in the fourth and 36 in the fifth
Ives put up 45 in his fourth ami in the
sixth gathered 83— but four short of the
handicap. At the end of the- eleventh
inning the score «tood: Ives, 295; Sutton,
156.
Then Ives took a new lease of life and
with runs of 29. 49 and 27 filled his score
leaving Sutton with but 160 to his credit
The score: Ives, 400; average, 28 4-7. Sut
ton, 160; average, 12 4-13.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1898.
PARTIALLY FROZEN
IN A CREEK BED
Fate of a Frenchman Who Had
Imbibed Too Freely and
Lost His Way.
SALINAS, Jan. 19.— A man found with the flesh frozen on him is a
remarkable circumstance for this locality in California. Word has been
received by telephone from San Ardo, a small town about twenty miles
from this city, that late yesterday the body of a Frenchman, Louis de
Leau, was found in the Poncho Rico Creek, paralyzed on one side and
the flesh on the back and hips frozen. Leau had been missing since Sun
day, and it was only by chance that he was found yesterday. Sunday
the man went to San Ardo, and while there Imbibed too freely. "When he
started for home a friend accompanied him for some distance. A trestle
had to be crossed, and his friend knew that Leau could not cross this
without assistance. He left him, however, after seeing him safely over
the trestle. This was the last seen of the Frenchman until he was
found yesterday afternoon. It is supposed that after losing his friend
the Frenchman was going along the creek bank and lost his balance
and fell in the creek bed. The man remained in this place, screened
from view by a Jetty. Here he passed two of the coldest nights of this
winter. Where his body came in contact with the gTound the flesh was
frozen. The man when found was alive, but could not speak.
HONOR THRUST
UPON WHITE
The Senator Popular With
His Party "Members
at Washington.
Offered the Chairmanship of the
Democratic Congressional
Committee.
Undecided as to Whether He Will
Accept and Strive to Be Re
turned to Congress.
6p«cl&l Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 19.
Honors come to Senator White of
California without his bidding. He was
chosen chairman of the National Dem
ocratic Convention at Chicago without
any effort on his part or on the part
of his friends. The majority of the
Democratic Congressional Committee
now favors him for chairman of that
committee, and has asked him to ac
cept. It is understood that the Sena
tor has the offer under consideration.
He would be glad to accept this hon
orable position but for the fact that he
is as yet undecided as to whether he
would be a candidate for re-election to
the Senate. He was Jn some doubt
about his acceptance to-night, but will
make known his decision to-morrow.
George P. Keenan, alleged to be a
Californian, and who has been acting
as organizer or "hustler" for the
League of Silver Clubs, and who is
also secretary of the National Commit
tee of the so-called "Silver party," has
evidently been disappointed in his am
bition to become secretary of the Con
gressional Committee, f<>r when he as
certained to-night that White was like
ly to be selected chairman of the com
mittee, he circulated around the hotel
lobbies trying to injure the Senator by
declaring that he was not a "good
Democrat." He repeated the lies of the
San Francisco Bulletin to the effect
that White. was supported by The '';:11
for re-election to the Senate, and
sought to discredit hts Democracy.
But Keenan is an insignificant figure
in Washington, tor it is well under
stood here that he is a political
"faker," whose expenses are bornp by
Mr. Lan*» of California, the wealthy
miner and silver advocate. Keenan is
the person who was roasted the other
day in the Washington papers by Law
rence Gardner and Senator Faulkner.
HICKS -BEACH
WARNS CANADA
Says the Dominion Should Con
tribute to Britain's Naval
Defense.
Adds That the Day May Come When
Canada Will Have a "Rudo
Awakening."
Special Dispatch to The rail.
LONDON, Jan. 19.— Sir Michael Hi^ks-
Hia<h, Chancellor of the Exchequer,
speaking at Bristol to-day, ridiculed the
notion of providing granarlf-s, as had
been suggested In some quartern. H« said
he was convinced the British navy was
strong enough to hold its own. and that
in any war England would have ii.any
friends to supply corn.
Referring to the coming budget esti
mates, ho said those would show that the
Government was fully alive to keeping
up the standard of the army and navy
although he declared it was nut creditable
to Canada nor fair to English taxpayer*
that such a colony should contribute
practically nothing to the naval d.fense
of the empire. He hnji.d Canada would
Boon turn her attention to this matter,
ridding that if she did not the day would
come when she would have a "rude
awakening', which would be entirely her
own fault."
In concluding his speech, the Chancellor
of the Exchequer announced that China
had approached England for assistance
to pay the Japanese indemnity, and that
the negotiations were still pending. The
newspaper statements on the subject he
characterized as inaccurate and inrom
plete. The Government was not ashamed
of these negotiations, and believed the
country would approve them. He could
see no reason why foreign powers should
object, but if the negotiations failed
Great Britain would take her stanu on ex
isting treaty rights.
BRIGHT METEOR IN DAYLIGHT.
Very Unusual Phenomenon Noticed at the
Lick Observatory.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 19.— The following
telephone message was received to-night
from Director Schaeherle of Lick Ob
servatory:
The very unusual phenomenon of a
bright meteor in broad daylight was ob
served her to-day by K. F. (V.ddington
fellow in astronomy at the observatory.
It was seen in the west shortly after 1
o'clock this afternoon at an elevation of
about eight degrees above the horizon
moving very rapidly toward the north In
a path slightly inclined toward the earth
It Increased in brightness along lta
course and disappeared suddenly in a
clear sky without any explosion beln«
heard.
QUARREL OVER
NEWS SERVICE
Chicago Inter Ocean and
Associated Press
at Outs.
Injunction Suit to Prevent a
Disciplining of the
Newspaper.
In Disfavor Beoausa It Purchased
Dispatches From an Out
side Agency.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Jan. 19.— The Chicago
Inter Ocean, an Associated Press news
paper, recently brought suit for an In
junction restraining the Press Associ
ation from discontinuing its news
service, as it had threatened to do. be
cause the Inter Ocean had been buy
ing news from the New York Sun. a
rival newsgath»>rer. The Associated
Press management claimed that the
Inter Ocean, by this action, had vio
lated the terms of Its franchise in the
Press Association.
When the petition for an Injunction
restraining the Associated Press from
discontinuing its news service came up
in Judge Dunne's court this morning
counsel for deffendant asked for a post
ponement on the ground that it had
not had time to prepare its defense. To
this the attorneys for the Inter Ocean
assented, provided it was agreed on the
part of the Associated Press that no
action would be taken in the matter of
depriving the paper of news pending
the hearing of the petition, and the
motion for continuance was allowed.
A meeting of the directors of the As
sociated Press, at which it Is proposed
to discipline the Inter Ocean for pur
chasing and printing news dispatches
from the New York Sun has also been
postponed to a date to be announced
hereafter.
Manager M. E. Stone of the news
association denies that he has given up
the fight, and from another source It is
learned that the prosecution will be
continued with vigor. The position of
the Inter Ocean is that the provision
of the Associated Press that Its mem
bers must not buy news of the Sun Is
In restraint of trade and a violation of
the anti-trust law, and It bases Its
hope! "f success on its ability to con
vince the courts that it !s right.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.—Represen
tative James Hamilton Lewis of Wash
ington State will Introduce (by re
quest) a bill against the Associated
]'i-ss monopoly which is designed to
prevent this association from monop
olizing the news franchises. The bill
is said to be In the Interest of a rival
news association which Is about to en
ter the field;
ROUNDING UP THE
UBER LYNCHERS
Nearly All the Testimony Is
Laid Before the Douglas
Grand Jury.
Lively Scene in the Jury-Room and
Nearly a Fight Between Two
Disputing Witnesses.
Special TMspateh to The Call.
CARSON, Jan. 19.— Chris Dangberg was
summoned by the Douglas Grand Jury
to-day and asked to explain, why he had.
In the presence of three witnesses, in a
I saloon in Giirdnervllle, stated that he
i was one of the mob and knew the rest.
! He denied it, and said that when drunk
! he might have indorsed the lynchers. bat
was not onr of them, fie denied threat
ening Judge Mack and the Governor.
Dick RolxTtt- i f * 'arson testified that a
Dane named Glock, from Gardnerville,
had admitted being one uf the mob and
had kicked I'ber as he was being
dragged. The two men were brought
face to face. Glock denied having adtnlt-
I ted anything, but said that Roberts had
tr!e<i to get a statement out of him and
1 admitted he was then- himself.
Roberts admitted having said this to
' get the other to talk, and he did so and
■tated that he had kicked Über, while
I Pete Anderson ha<i struck him with the
butt end of his Run.
There was a lively scene and nearly a
fight between the two in the Grand Jury
room.
Two witnesses in Carson — George Jer
sen and Rill Mark— were summoned to
day. Foreman Cook announces that all
the testimony will be in to-morrow, after
which the Jury will go to work on its re
port.
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE
IS RAPIDLY SINKING.
Midnight Message From Gilroy Hot Springs
Says His Death May Occur at
Any Moment
SAN JOSE, Jan. 2n.— A message received
from Gilroy Hot Spring's shortly after
midnight states that Charles M. Short
ridge is sinking: rapidly and death may
occur at any moment. The attending
physician baa no hope of another rally.
RESIDENCE
OF ZOLA
GUARDED
Paris Police Present
to Protect the
Novelist.
One Small Mob Supplies
the Only Excitement
of the Day.
Renewed Demonstrations at
Marseilles and Other
Provincial Towns.
ECHO OF DREYFUS' CASE.
His Arrest and Conviction Is Said
to Have Been Caused by «
Woman.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Jan. 19. — As a precaution to
prevent disturbances, the bridges from
the Latin quarter were to-day guarded
by police and the residences of Matieu
Dreyfus and Emil Zola were guarded.
A small mob of students assembled out
side the Law School with the usual
cries, but the police prevented a serious
demonstration.
There have been renewed demonstra
tions at Marseilles and other provincial
towns.
An anti-Jewish manifestation took
place at Nantes and Rouen, where
there were several arrests. It is said
that the student associations and com
mittees have resolved to abstain from
further demonstrations, pending the
trial of M. Zola.
LONDON, Jan. 10.— With every show
of authority the Pall Mall Gazette this
afternoon prints prominently an article
purporting to give the inwardness of
the Dreyfus case, and explains that the
document on which the Government
found the prisoner guilty was obtained
in the following manner from the Ger
man military attache. Yon Funckt:
"Nine or ten months before the arrest
of Dreyfus, Yon Funcke was suddenly
removed from his post. The explana
tion of his removal throws a curious
light on the Dreyfus case, and explains
In some measure the attitude of the
Government. When his predecessor.
Baron yon Huene, left Paris, he hand
ed Yon Funcke a list of persons in
France who were in relation with the
German intelligence department, en
joining him never to let it out of his
hand. Yon Funcke carried the docu
ment in a leather bag around his neck.
"Shortly after his entering upon his
duties a woman obtained the document
and took it to the Foreign Office, where
it was hastily photographed and re
turned to her, she returning it to Yon
Funcke. He had. in the meanwhile,
discovered his loss, and, like an honest
soldier and attache, he hastened to in
form the German Government of his
mishap, hence his recall.
"Curiously enough, the woman re
fused compensation, though a large
sum was offered her.
"With the photograph of the docu
ment the French Government went de
liberately to work, and I am assured
on authority that leaves no room for
doubt that the name of Dreyfus ap
peared on It, but it being a common
name in both Germany and France,
suspicion did not immediately fall on
the officer subsequently condemned.
Later it served as confirmatory evi
dence."
STRIKE RICH ORE
IN WATTS VALLEY
Fresno Citizens File Locations
on Two Adjacent Gold
Mining Claims.
From* Assays of Quartz Taken Out It
Is Believed a Bonnnza Has
Been Struck.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Jan. 19.— Dr. S. L. Chapman.
ML W. Parker and A. M. Highrabedlan
filed locations on two gold mining claims
ytstt-rday. One claim is known as the
Flock and the other the 98. The claims
are adjacent and located in the Watts
Valley neighborhood in this county. The
parties are all residents of Fresno, and
they believe that they have made a rich
strike.
••We believe." said Dr. Chapman,
"from assays of quartz taken from the
ledge last week that a bonanza has been
struck right here in Fresno County. I
took in two partners in order to develop
the mine, and will immediately com
mence the work of tunneling Into the
ledge."
The quartz exhibited by Dr. Chapman
was reddish, and sparks of very fine gold
could he seen in it by looking through a
magnifying glass. A careful assay will
be made of the quartz to-day, as the re
cent assay was not made with the best
appliances.
NEW WAGE LIST FOR THE
SAN FRANCISCO MINT.
Superintendent Leach Succeeds in Obtaining
an Alteration of the Proposed
Reductions.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 19. — Frank A.
Leach, Superintendent of the Mint at
San Francisco, left for Philadelphia to
day. He will return to Washington be
fore leaving for San Francisco. Although
Leach has not been entirely successful
before the Treasury Department, he is
fairly well satisfied with the result of
his mission to Washington, and says that
although there may be some reductions
in salaries and wages at the San Fran
cisco Mint, the reductions will not apply
to all those who were at first Included.
In a day or two he will know definitely
Just what the salary and wage list will
be.
Excitement Over a Mineral Discovery.
ST. HELENA, Cal., Jan. 19.— Great ex
citement has been caused in the upper
Napa and Lake counties by the discovery
of mineral that assays $5672 in gold and
$90 in silver to the ton. The discovery
was made by Martin Steams, and the
vt-in extends for several miles, being
near the surface. An attempt will be
made to interest capitalists to develop
the property and put In a stamp mill.
The facsimile ytf srir* . "*?** is Ott every wrapper
signature of y , X^x^zf^^^ of CASTOKU.
NEW TO-DAY.
11 ■■ ■■—Mini i" ' MMBiiitiiinjHitiiiiiUuwiiMaii^f^
]y[AIL STOKE OPEN EVEIVmCS.
ORDERS T HE I>AI HWIN
Will receive our ! | ~ *— iJm^™™!™™
prompt attention and '■■ ■^■■i jl-^ MMMwwirai'iMyimiiw^fflag aa&«gH
be filled as fast as - mu irrnrv
received and in (TLOTHIERS
order, great care mipiiiimiiii yiiiiiiwiiiiiii mmi ii
being used in giving HATTERS, FURNISHERS, \
our customers the HATTERS, FURNISHERS,
"— '** | 924-930 Market St., San Francisco,
We are apt to become enthusiastic when speaking of oar great
Creditors' Consolidation Clash, that has elicited the admiration of
thousands of pleased purchasers the past week or so.
Nothing like it ever seen in all "Frisco."
Encouraged by our great success, we mean tomorrow's sale to
be a memorable one. We quote our prices for reliable merchandise
only. Here are the six trade=bringers for Thursday and Friday only.
-- a a, Just think of selling: stylish
I\J\ z2kf^ 7£> well-made perfect fitting
iTICII x~3 suits for men, sizes 34 to M AH"
.: * 44, in neat effects, tweeds, V J C
• A ■ cheviots and cassimeres, ■».■ -i.l
at only iiiubuu
>OULIL''O« THURSDAY AND FRIDAY.
850 pairs Men's and Young
llil r-v »-», 7 --v Men's Trousers, not one
Iw| H| . *^ pair worth less than $5 00
XT -"-^* m- - and over, including hair
——— line worsteds, choice cne- ; -.';
Trousers, viots and strictly all-wool faf% is
I I (llirlCl cassimeres. . V f iS%
* * VWv'Vi V^» | THURSDAY AND FRI- A/ IT
! DAY ONLY WLil\J
We've added all that is
•■-lk a ' good to all that Is stylish 9
KAVC 7 and beautiful In this - -.- . *
JBUP \JP y v 5 choice lot of Boys' Suits
%/ at this sale price and now
/">■ , .• A _, is a chance for mothers A i Abb
I Q to clothe the boy cheap. VI 11%
OUllO* Thursday and Friday .\| /Hi
only; worth $3 50 W » oi* \3
Purchase from the big- mill
lil^^f^ sale of mo pairs Men's
/VIC ' I 5^ Maco yarn half hose,
■* " *^*« ■ x-*.x -*. black and brown, all sizes - ■■
w — -*rt w V a nd positively worth 25c a X A
Half Hose* p th URSD ayaxdfri- ■ ju
***-*** IIVFXJVO DAY ONL y • Pair
-, - - About 500 altogether Men's
|l/| Atl'O Tennis Flannel Shirts in
iT.lvll 'O choice effects, all sizes
neck bands and indeed |■■
s-^, a • a ; good bargain at r.oc, but Ih\ f%
THURSDAY AND FRI- 1.11-
\31111 lO» DAY ONLY IWU
71 It rk«-*9rv "We've assorted about 25'
/VlCrl S splendid shapes of Men's.
■*"*^* Ba Young Men's and Ladies'
_ _ FEDORA WALKING f\wm
I-3^»4-x-^ HATS, worth $2 00, $2 50. V $± ft
• ilnlSi THURSDAY AND FRI- Ililli
»*V**' Xl # DAY ONLY VVU
BRING THIS PRICE-LIST WITH YOU— COMPARE FIGURES.
The B ALDWIN
SEE THE "■ CLOTHIERS MAIL ORDERS
WONDERFUL „ BBEsms^aHa PROMPTLY
Hatters and Furnishers, j
BARGAINS. 924 to 930 MARKET ST. FILLED -
Largest Outfitters on the Pacific Coast.
NO SENATOR
IN MARYLAND
Judge McComas Makes
a Slight Gain Over
Tuesday's Vote.
Not So Many as Had Been
Hoped by His Fol
lowing.
It Is Now Believed That Some Man
From Baltimore Will Be
Chosen.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANNAPOLIS. Md.. Jan. 19.— The
Senate and House met In joint session
to-day, and after casting one ballot for
United States Senator to succeed Ar
thur P. Gorman, adjourned until to
morrow. The ballot resulted as fol
lows: McComas 36, Shaw 11, Shryock
2, Milllken 2, Barber 6, Fourner 1. Gor
man 4, Findlay 2, Parran 6. Lowndes 1.
Total, 113; necessary to a choice 57;
absent 4.
The vote cast for Judge McComas
shows an increase over that received
by him yesterday. The outcome of the
day's balloting was a distinct disap
pointment to the followers of Judge
McComas, they having confidently ex
pected a gain of at least eight more
votes than they got. Their failure is
now thought to indicate the possible
reappearance of Postmaster-General
Gary as a candidate, as these votes are
looked upon as his whenever he wants
them.
A caucus of the Republican majority
will almost certainly be held to-mor
row night and an attempt will be made
to force the recalcitrants into line.
Thirty-one signatures have been ap
pended to the call, and it is asserted
that six more will be added before
midnight. Thirty-four are necessary
to secure a majority of the Republi
can members and Senators of the Gen
eral Assembly.
It is said Postmaster-General Gary
has requested his six supporters who
have voted for Thomas Parran to go
into caucus and abide by the decision
of that body. It is claimed that a ma
jority of the six have signified their
willingness to do so. To-night's devel
opments indicate that to-morrow's bal
lot will be a repetition of to-day's, and
indications of an attempt at coalition
between the "faithful eleven" and the
Democratic members for the purpose
of selecting a Baltimore city man are
growing stronger »very hour. Such a
combination would probably mean
Shaw or Malster.
HALF-STAR r£O PEOPLE
SACK A GRAIN WAREHOUSE.
Bread Riots Renewed in a //umber of
the Smalier Towns of
Italy.
ROME, Jan. 19— There were renewed
disorders to-day in the poor quarter of
Ancona. which is inhabited by anarch
ists and socialists. A number of men and
women attempted to barricade the
streets, but the police cleared the thor
oughfares and arrested several.
Troops are searching the country, ar
resting suspicious bands of tramps. The
agitation against the price, of bread is
spreading to other towns. A crowd as
sembled in front of the Town Hall at
Sinegala and demanded relief. The
Mayor gave a conciliatory reply, but the
mob, which consisted chiefly of women,
invaded the railway station and the
warehouses of Prince Ruspoli, where
they seized a quantity of grain. The
troops finally restored order.
There has been another slight disturb
ance at Maseota, about twenty miles
south of Ancona.
FIRST OFFICIAL RECEPTION
OF THIS ADMINISTRATION.
New Method of Distributing the Invitations
Proves a Most Satisfactory
Success.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.— The first of
ficial reception of the present administra
tion was given at the White House this
evening. Aside from the fact that it was
the first, interest in the event centered in
the new method of distributing the invi
tations, so that only a certain proportion
of those entitled to the hospitality of the
executive mansion would be entertained
in a single evening. The plan, so far as
could be judged from appearances, was
an entire success. While 2000 invitations
had been distributed, and in spite of a
very rainy evening, every one who was
invited appeared, there was no crush in
any part of the house during the evening
and the whole affair was commented on
as one of the most pleasant and least
laborious of the Oig gatherings that have
occurred in the mansion.
The receiving party consisted of the
President and Mrs. McKlnley. the Vice-
President and IVirs. i.obart and the mem
bers and ladies of the Cabinet. All of
these were present except Secretary Al
ger, who was still too ill to venture out,
and Mrs. Bliss and Mrs. Long, each of
whom was represented by a daughter.
NEW TO-DAY.
Perfect \
g Infant Food\
Gail Borden
Condensed Milk
Sk. A Perfect Substitute For V
Mothers Milk. For 4c Q
SYfeARS the Leading BRAND. $
- ;; .." ■■-'."
"INFANT HEALTH^ FREE. V
' . ', Jj ** @NDeNseoMiu((p. new york.
tgm&^g* RUPTURE L s r? 1^
fa£*CT\ 1 J s '^'•E. Hoops or Steel Springs
*Yi%££&*i(-r -Jr- Ku Pt-Ure rptained with
rir**^S£ilstr ;s r<! lii* ' tase and comfort, and
|f--^^^2\>'<r^-' thousands radically Cured
1 1 —^>ffi\> >' Dr. Pierce 1 s Celebrated
la ' /Dr ">, Magnetic Elastic Truss. ETCail
B //v\ tlt ofiice or write for New
%k J£/ \ Pamphlet No. 1. Address MAQ-
'- NETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
DR. PIERCE & SON. 704 Sacramento St. (cor!
Kearny), SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.
gyVVuea writing please mention The Call. *
-*--■■ - . ." ' -->:_-■; ■ ■. . .
34
LIVELY DEBATES IN
HOUSE AND SENATE
CHAMPIONS
OF CUBA TO
THE FORE
Lively Debate in the
Lower House of
Congress.
Brucker Begins the Fight
With a Belligerency
Resolution.
Friends of the Insurgents Lack
ing in Numbers on a
Test Vote.
POSITION OF McKINLEY.
Desires to Give the Autonomy Plan
on the Island a Fair
Trl:.l.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 19.
All day long the question of granting
belligerent rights to the Cuban insurg
ents was argued in the House, but, as
on yesterday, the minority hurled itself
against a stone wall.
On the only vote taken to-day, a mo
tion designed to overrule the decision
of the Speaker and direct the Commit
tee on Foreign Affairs to report with
out further delay the Cuban resolu
tion passed by the Senate at the last
session, the Republicans stood solidly
and voted to sustain the chair.
The galleries, as on yesterday, were
banked to the doors, and there was
considerable excitement throughout the
early part of the session, when the
members of the minority were success
ively pressing their views bearing upon
the Cuban question for the purpose of
embarrassing the majority.
Brucker (D.) of Michigan asked for
•unanimous consent for the consideration
of a resolution which he sent to the
clerk's desk. The Speaker took >>. ca-
Bion to examine the resolution, and while
doing so Mr. Bailey, the leader of the mi
nority, loudly demanded that the resolu
tion be reported. The Speaker thereupon
directed the clerk to read the resolution,
which proved to be one instructing the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report
•without further delay the Senate Cuban
belligerency resolution.
Like a flash Hitt, chairman of the For
eign Affairs Committee, was on his feet
with a point of order, which the Speaker
promptly sustained. The chair was then
about to recognize Hitt to call up the
diplomatic consular and appropriation
bill when Bailey demanded recognition.
"One moment, please," he called; "let
us first dispose of this question of or
der."
"The Chair sustained the point of or
der retorted the Speaker, testily.
"Then appeal," called Bailey across
the hall to Brucker, and the Michlgander
entered an apptal from the decision of
the Chair.
All was Instantly excitement and con
fusion. A dozen members were on their
feet demanding recognition to debate the
appeal, but the Speaker recognized I'al
zell. ■who miivni to Lay it on the table.
This cut off debate, and tne Speaker put
the question. On a rising vote the Re
publicans stood firm and voted by 107 to
94 to lay the appeal on the table. The
ayes and noes were then demanded and
obtained by Bailey, and the roll-call was
■watched with interest to ascertain
■whether all the Republicans were willing
to go on record as they had voted yes
terday in committee of the whole, when
no record of the voto was made. The
Democrats, who expected to see the Re
publican line broken, were disappointed.
The majority presented an unbroken
front. A\ hitf of North Carolina, the soli
tary colored member of the House, when
his name was called, declined to vote at
all, answering "present," but at the con
clusion of the roll-call he thought better
of his resolution and voted "aye." The
motion to lay the appeal on the table
was carried by 10* to 120. There was no
manifestation of approval oil the an
nouncement of th» vote.
The House, on Hltt's motion, went Into
committee of the whole and resumed
consideration of the diplomatic and con
sular appropriation bill. As soon as the
first paragraph was read the struggle
was resumed. "Williams (D.) of Mas
sachusetts offered an amendment to di
rect the President to appoint three com
missioners to proceed to Cuba and if pos
sible to negotiate a treaty of peace, amity
and commerce with the republic of Cuba,
and appropriating J13.000 for the ex
penses of the commissioners. It was
ruled out of order.
Immediately after T,ewis CO.) of Wash
ington offered another amendment pro
viding that to emphasize the fact that a
state of war existed in Cuba, the Consul-
General at Havana be withdrawn and the
Government of Spain be notified of a
suspension of diplomatic relations at that
point. Hitt quickly raised a point of
NEW TO-DAY.
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
order, which Hepburn, in the chair, sus
tained.
"I appeal from the decision of the
chair," paid Lewlß.
"And I make the point that the appeal
Is dilatory,' exclaimed Dalzell (R.) of
Pennsylvania.
"The chair sustains the point," ex
claimed Hepburn, who directed the clerk
to proceed with the reading.
Excitement was now at boiling point,
and Terry (.D.) of Arkansas shouted his
protest.
"Can it be possible that we have reached
the point where this side of the House
cannot appeal from the decision of the
chair?" he called.
Hepburn directed Terry to take his seat,
and the clerk droned on with the reading.
Lewis found a parliamentary way of dis
cussing the amendment, however, by
by moving a pro forma amendment to
strike out the last word.
Chairman Hitt of the Committee on
Foreign Relations made an extended
statement on the Cuban question when
the general debate on the diplomatic bill
opened. He reviewed the course of the
administration, the successful demands
for the release of American citizens, the
protest against the inhuman war methods
of Weyler and the effect of the concentra
tion of Cubans in towns. This showed
what spirit animated the President and
what might be expected of him. Hitt also
spoke of the autonomy plan and the dis
position of the executive to give It a fair
trial, notwithstanding the many doubts
heard throughout the country against the
sincerity of the Spanish Government.
A declaration of belligerency, he ex
plained, would allow Spain's warships to
hunt our vessels on the high seas. In the
existing situation, good men sympathis
ing with Cuba's cause were constantly
malring their way to the islands. Supplies.
guns and ammunition were going from
the United States. It was said that every
pouml of powder fired for the cause of
Cuba's freedom had come from this coun
try. Members, he said, might ask why,
with all these disadvantages in store tor
them, the agents of the Cuban republic
in this city desired belligerent right*.
"I could explain it." 6aid Hitt. "but I
prefer to do so in th*> words of one of
those agents to me. 'We know,' said this
gentleman, "that we have much to lose in
the matter of supplies, but we also know
that if Spanteh cruisers began to stop
American steamers it would not be long
before a hasty shot is fired. With that
shot public opinion In Spain and the
United States will plunge these countries
Into war. Then our battle will be over.'
"That, perhaps, is a very just argument
for the Cuban." continued Hitt, "but not
for an American. If we are to have war
l<-t us seek it directly, not be forced into
it by chance."
Hitt spoke of the Spanish authority in
Havana as tottering between armed
forces without and tumultuous riot with
in, but with impressive worts warned the
members that the vast responsibility of
action, with the momentous consequences
that might ensue, rested upon the shoul
ders <>f the executive, not on members of
Congress, who might be making speeches
f. >r public approval.
"Let us remember," said he, "that we
have a faithful pilot at the helm, and if
the ship of state is near the rapids we
should be patient and ready to support
him if he takes the step which the honor
and the interests of our country may de
mand."
Dinsmore of Arkansas, a Democratic
member of the Foreign Affairs Commit
tee, declared that the time had come for
giving the Cubans the recognition they
had so long sought. He arraigned Hitt
and the Republican side for all alleged in
consistencies in regard to their speeches
under the Cleveland administration, and
then branched off to the tariff. < ivll s>-r
vice, bimetallism and various other topics.
Returning to Cuba, he declared that no
act of this Government could bring war
with Spain, for a bankrupt monarchy.
which could not put down 55.000 r
Cuban soldiers, would not eater upon a
contest with the I'nited States.
Adams (R.) of Pennsylvania. ■ m< mber
of the Foreign Affairs Committee and
chairman of the Bub-comm!?te<
followed Mr. Dinsmore an«J conti
the inaction and apathy of tn»- last ad
ministration toward Cuba
achievements of this, dwelling particu
larly upon the release of all Ar
prisoners In Cuba, the change in the
Spanish war methods and the abandon
ment of the policy of concentration. He
maintained that the recognition of bel
ligerency was purely an executive func
tion.
"Did you not vote for belligerency In
the last Congress?" asked Sulser.
"I did," replied Adams, "bin then we
were seeking to protect American prop
erty; that property ta now destroyed. We
were seeking to free American prisoners;
they are now all free. This whole ques
tion is nearing a solution of its own
weight. Spain Is bankrupt. She cannot
send another man to Cuba. There are
riots In Havana. The handwriting has
aptM ared on the wall."
Berry (D.) of Kentucky eloquently
pleaded Cuba's cause. After 300,000
Cubans had gone down to their death
during the last four years, he said, it was
absurd for members to stand on the floor
of the House and deny that a btute of
war existed on the island.
"I don't fear war," said Berry. "I
think a little blood running wouid be
good for us. I,et Spain fire on the
American flag iust ono<> and the flame
will l>e kindled that will free Cuba."
"But what will happen to us?" asked
Mahany.
"Oh, we can take care of ourselves,"
replied Berry.
After some further remarks by Whe^er
CI».» of Alabama, in favor of granting
belligerent rights to the Insurgents, the
committee rose and at 5 o'clock the
House adjourned.
GREY WANTED BY
MARIN'S SHERIFF
The San Francisco Prisoner an
Escape From San Rafael's
Jail.
Sheriff Harrison Will Demand Pos
session of Sheriff Whelan'a
Guest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 19.— There Is a Jail
cell in Marln County yawning for Bert C.
Grey, the young man who was yesterday
acquitted by a jury in San Francisco of
having taken part In the murderous as
sault upon Isidore Goulet, the merchant
who was almost beaten to death by thugs
on the steps of his house last September.
Sheriff Harrison will go to the city t'>
morrow to make a formal demand for the
prisoner, who was remanded by Judge
Wallace back to the safe-keeping of Sher
iff Whelan.
Young Grey is wanted by the Marin
County authorities. Grey first came into
prominence by stealing a bicycle In San
Rafael. T'pon the stolen wheel he at
tempted to escape, but Constable William
Trainor followed him to Cloverdale and
placed him under arrest. Grey was
brought to San Rafael, tried and sen
tenced to six months in the County Jail.
He had spent a few weeks of his term
when one night he ecaped from the jail.
He had sawed two iron liars off, and with
the use of a stout stick had bent them
sideways, making an opening sufficiently
large for him to crawl through. He was
next heard of in Santa Rosa, where a
policeman captured him, but Grey broke
away and disappeared, only to be again
heard of in connection with the Goulet
assault.
Major George Tuttle Dies at Santa Rosa.
SANTA ROSA, Jan. 10.— Major George
C. Tuttle, one of the best-known men in
Northern California, died here to-day.
For many y^»rs Major Tuttle was clerk
of the OccidentaJ Hotel here and for
some time its proprietor. He was prom
inent in Odd Fellow ranks and at one
time was captain of the Santa Rosa
Canton. He was associated in business
with the late T. J. Ludwig, the builder,
for many years. Major Tuttle was 52
years of age and a native of South Caro
lina. He leaves one daughter and two
sons.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1898.
HOAR TALKS
FOR LETTER
CARRIERS
Opposes a Reduction
of Forces in Cer
tain Cities.
Introduces a Resolution
Providing for an
Investigation.
Says $130,000 Would Prevent
Consternation to These
Employes.
SILVER FIGHT BREWING.
Vest to Cnll Up Teller's Resolution
for the Payment of Bonds in
Silver.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, D. C, Jan. 19.
A spirited debate was precipitated in
the Senate to-day by the introduction
of a resolution by Hoar of Massachu
setts providing for an inquiry by the
Committee on Postoffice and Post
Roads concerning the recent order of
the Postmaster-General reducing the
forces of letter carriers in several cities
of the country. Hoar declared that
the order had had the effect of a dyna
mite bomb in creating consternation
among these men throughout the coun
try, while apparently all that was need
ed by the Postofflce Department was
an appropriation of $150,000 to maintain
the efficiency of the carrier service.
The debate took a wide range, Wol
cott, chairman of the Committee on
Postoffices and Post Roads, insisting
that many New England people, rep
resented by the Senator from Massa
chusetts, were responsible for the de
ficiency in the funds of the Post* nice
Department because they insisted that
the Government should carry second
class mail at enormous loss; and Allen
of Nebraska charging that tty Gov
ernment was annually defrauded out
of millions of dollars through the un
derweighlng of mail matter. The reso
lution, in a modified form, is still pend
ing.
Vest gave notice that he would move
to-morrow to take up for consideration
the Teller resolution, reported by the
Finance Committee, providing that
bonds of the United States may be
paid in standard silver dollars. Vest's
notice seems to indicate an intention
on the part of some of the Senators to
displace temporarily the Hawaiian an
nexation treaty, as it is evident, as
White of California said, that the con
sideration of the resolution would "re
cipitate some slight discussion."
Hansbrough called up a bill which
had been sent to the Senate by the
House, providing that receivers of pub
lic moneys should be responsible under
their bonds for all money received by
them from the sale of Indian lands.
The bill passed the Senate on Monday,
but Hansbrough's desire was that the
bill should be enacted into a law by
the passage of the House bill. The bill
was passed.
Tlllman presented a resolution, fur
which he asked immediate considera
tion, extending the authority of the In
terstate Commerce Commission s"o that
It might inquire to what extent railroad
companies Issued passes, whether the
railroads gave transportation for any
other consideration than cash, and
what arrangements they had with
newspapers regarding transportation.
Cullom, chairman of the committee,
objected to the consideration of the res
olution, as it would involve a long and
tedious investigation by the committee,
which was anxious to get some bills
before Congress during the present ses
sion. He said that he had no desire to
evade the truth in any part of the In
vestigation, but he was satisfied that
the committee now had sufficient testi
mony before it to indicate the need of
stringent legislation. It had been
shown, he said, that in the scalping
business not only outsiders but the
agents of some railroads were engaged.
"I do not want to Investigate
throughout the year," c said, "but de
sire to prepare some bill which will
cure the evils we have found."
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 19.-The Senate
confirmed these nominations: Charles
Pago Bryan, to be Minister to Brazil;
E. H. Conger of lowa, to he Minister to
China. To be Consuls— G. C. Eweber. at
Nurcmburg, Bavaria: J. C. Ruffln of
Tennessee, at Asuncion, Paraguay; W.
W. Touvelle of Ohio, at Belfast. Ire
land; S. M. Taylor of Ohio, at Giosgow
B F. Stone of Ohio, at Huddersfleld,
England: Rufus Fleming of Ohio, at
Edinburgh, Scotland.
SAYS MURDERER HOLMES
/S AMONG THE LIVING.
Weird Yarn Told by a Man Who Claims Phila-
delphia Prison Officers Juggled
With Justice.
CHICAGO, Jan. 20.— 1n an interview in
the Inter Ocean this morning, Robert
Lattimer. a well-known citizen of Engle
wobd, says:
"Holmes, the arch murderer of the nine
teenth century, who is popularly sup
posed to have been hanged at Philadel
phia en May 7, 189G, for the murder of
Benjamin P. Pltzel, is alive and well, and
engaged in growing coffee near San Para
maribo, in Paraguay, South America."
Lattimer asserts that letters have been
received from Holmes within the last few
weeks by a man with whom Holmes had
intimate business relations during his
residence in the famous or infamous
'•Holmes Castle." Lattlmer's description
of the means by which the Philadelphia
authorities juggled with iustice in aiding
in Holmes' escape reads like a chapter
from a wild romance but he tells his story
with such an air of verisimilitude that
he has succeeded in interesting many
Chicagoans, including the police, and says
an investigation will be set on foot.
EATS SIXTY-TWO EGGS.
Han ford Has a Man Whose Appetite Is
"Some Pumpkins."
HANFORD. Jan. IS.-Hanlord has a
man with the dilating powers of an ana
conda. He is Charles Kdwin Miller, and
to-night he demonstrated his gastronoml
cal ability by devourln five doien eggs,
to settle a wager. While Miller was eat
ing his supper In a chophouse here he
made a boast that he would like to have
three dozen eggs to satisfy his appetite.
A friend of his made an offer to pay for
the eggs, and Miller agreed. The e^gs
were soft boiled, and when the human
anaconda had made away with the three
dozen he laughed, and ordered more. Be
fore he finished he ate sixty-two eegs— all
the restaurant had on hand. He then
finished his meal by eating a big steak.
ENGLAND HAS WARSHIPS
AT KIAOCHAU HARBOR.
Two First-Cfass Twin-Screw Cruisers in
the Bay Wrested From China
by the Germans.
LONDON. Jan. 19.— The British Ad
miralty has Issued a statement of the
whereabouts of the warships of Great
Britain in the Far East. It shows that
the first-class twin-screw armored
cruiser Undaunted and the twin-screw
■loop Algerine are at Kiaochau Bay.
YOKOHAMA, Jan. 19.— The British
battle-ship Centurion, the flagship of the
British squadron in Chinese waters, has
arrived at Nagasaki. The organ of the
Government reproaches Russia, Ger
many and France with following a
seltish policy in the Far East, and adds:
"Japan will avoid alliances, but she is
prepared to act vigorously, if necessary,
for the maintenance of peace."
STRIKE SITUATION IN NEW
ENGLAND IS QUIET.
It Is Expected That There Will Be No Par-
titular Change Within the Next
Two Weeks.
POSTON. Jan. 19.— The news from the
New Knpland cotton manufacturing cen
ters—New Bedford. Biddeford and Lewis
ton—ln which strikes are in progress, is
to" the effect that everything is quiet.
Secretary .Hart of the New Bedford
T'niun says he looks for no particular
change for at least two weeks, and it is
thought unlikely that the situation in the
smaller places will be altered until action
Is taken in New Bedford.
At New Bedford to-day a crowd of
operatives ami sympathizers gathered in
tho vicinity of the mills at the hour the
machinery was usually started, but none
of the gatos were opened and there was
no sign of a demonstration.
LIBELED WITH
A SWINE'S EAR
How Farmer Ellis Resented
an Insinuation That He
Stole Hogs.
Hoisted a Portion of a Porker Beside
a Road With a Notice to His
Accusers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 19.— Alfred P.
Ellis, an old resident of Linns Valley,
high In the mountains of the north
eastern portion of Kern, was brought
to town Monday in custody of an of
ficer on a libel ehartre sworn to by Su
pervtsor Henry Bohma. a resident of
the same community. Linns Valley is
a preat hog raising country. Super
visors Bohma and T. E. Wilkes each
have large herds, nn<l Mr. Ellis has
some porkers. It has been an open se
cret for many years that the rich little
valley and its most coveted foothills
abound with hot; thieves that are hard
to catch. In consequence of this there
is a division almost bordering upon a
feud in the community. Bohma and
Wilkes are th*> friends of one side and
Ellis is not the enemy of the other.
Bohma and Wilkes are on the gui
vive, as is the MM with many other
neighbors, fur any movement in the
pork business.
Ellis has mining Interests. The other
day he killed several porkers and start
ed for the mines with their carcasses,
intending to use some for himself and
sell the remainder to miners. Bohma
and Wilkes learned of this, and, it ap
pears, concluded that something was
wrong. They followed the wagon in
charge of Ellis" boy: they passed it and
repassed it. each time taking a side
squint at the ears of the dead hogs on
the wagon. Finally they hurried away
and got an officer with a search war
rant and came back and gave the
swines' ears a legal examination. It
turned out that the ears bore the Ellis
mark. Then wagon and its contents
were permitted to move on.
Shortly afterward the elder Ellis
heard of what had happened. It made
the grizzly old mountaineer angry, and
in his desire to vent his wrath he pro
cured a shingle and another hog's ear
and upr.n the shingle inscribed:
'"T<> Henry I'.ohma and Tom Wilkes.
the Linns Valley detectives: Here
are some ears you did not find; you
had better come and examine them."
He tarked it along with ears upon a
tree beside the public highway. Bohma
passed that way and saw it. Bohma
swore to a complaint charging Ellis
with criminal libel. Kills was arrested
and brought here and placed under
$500 ball.
All the persons are considered good
citizens. Bohma represents the Third
District of this county on the Board of
Supervisors.
Relief for Daw son City.
PORTLAND, Jan. 19.— The Govern
ment Alaska relief expedition, under
the immediate charge of General Mer
riam, commander of the Department
of Columbia, is fully equipped to leave
here February 1 by the steamer George
W. Elder. The personnel of the expe
dition consists of a total of eighty
seven officers and men, as follows:
Captain George Ruhlen, in charge of
transportation and quartermaster of
the expedition; Captain D. L. Krain
ard, commisslary of subsistence. In
charge of distribution of supplies; Cap
tain B. Eldridge, Fourteenth Infantry,
in charge of escort, with Lieutenant
K. W, Clark, Fourteenth Infantry, his
(subordinate; First Lieutenant Guy H.
Preston, Ninth Cavalry, in charge of
the pack team, with First Lieutenant
J. A. Ryan, Ninth Cavalry, his assist
ant, and Lieutenant F. M. Kemp as
sistant surgeon.
There are 101 mules and nine horses
In the pack train.
Chosen Candidates for Freeholders.
SANTA ROSA. Jan. 19.— The following
named gentlemen have been chosen as
candidates for freeholders to draw up a
new charter for this city, to be voted
upon at the coming city election: A. B.
Ware, J. P. Overton. W. D. Reynolds, J.
T. Campbell, Robert Ross. J. F. Kins
low, P. Towey, M. S. Davis. C. H.
Thompson, E. c. Morrow, J. C. Mailer,
C. \V. Savage, A. C. McMeans, D. R.
Gale and S. F. Coulter.
Waot the Tailors to fifflllate.
E. S. Chrlstophersen, the . general or
ganizer of the Journeymen Tailors of
America, arrived In the city on Monday
night from Bloomlngton, 111., and he will
endeavor to induce the local order of
Journeymen tailors to become affiliated
with the national order. A meeting has
been called by the local order for this
evening at the Labor Union Hall, - 11&9
Mission street, to consider the matter.
Mr. Christophersen says that if the local
tailors do not affiliate with the national
union he will endeavor to organize a
bran* of his order in this elt£- . .
NEW WESTERN
UNION LINES
Important Extensions on
the North Pacific
Coast.
Communication With Port An
geles Will Shortly Be
Established.
Many Points Not Reached by the
Puget Sound Company Will
Soon Be Tapped.
Special Diipatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Jan. 19.— Work was com
menced to-day on an important exten
sion of the lines of the Western Union
Telegraph Company, and as a result
by April 15 the town of Port Angeles,
on the Straits of Juan de Fuca, will
be connected by another telegraphic
system with the rest of the world. On
Saturday last the contract for pole
construction was let in San Francisco
to F. H. Folsom of this city, and ac
cording to its terms his part of the
work will be completed as far as Port
Townsend in forty-five days.
The route is along country roads
principally, and when such is the case
the contract requires that Mr. Folsom
shall clear the right of way.
Of this sort of construction there is
a distance of about twenty miles.
There are to be six submarine cables
used in the completion of the line,
which is expected to be in operation
not later than May 1.
The land construction started to-day
at the elevator in West Seattle and will
continue to Alki Point, where the com
pany takes up the work of laying the
cable. The cable reaches to Reserva
tion Point, below Port Blakeley, to
which point the land line is carried.
Port Madison is the next move from
Blakeley, and another cable will be re
quired to cross Port Madison Bay. The
shore line will be continued to AKat-;
Pass and then another cable will be
laid across to Port Madison Reserva
tion. Then the line will be continued
to Port Gamble and Salisbury Point,
where another cable is to cross Hood
Canal.
Port Ludlow is the next stop of the
land line, and the fifth cable is over
Ludlow Ray, where the line continues
to Pert Townsend. When the metrop
olis of Lower Peninsula is reached the
Western Union line will turn and go
to Discovery Hay, where the last cable
of the line crosses. From Discovery
Bay to Port Angeles the route is over
land.
.Mr. Folaom'fl contract requires 3400
posts, running thirty-five to the mile,
and varying in height from 25 to 40
Teet, the average being about 35 feet.
Mr. Folsom returned from San Fran
cisco Monday night. While in that
city he endeavored to charter some
vessels to carry telegraph poles and
lumber from Puget St)und to Oakland,
but was unable to do so. The delivery
was also intended for the Western
Union Company and consisted of 4000
f>et. Mr. Folsom offered (4 50 per
thousand capacity, but Jo was de
manded, which he refused to pay.
Th^ Western Union has also other
connections In contemplation which
Superintendent Jnynes talked of when
he was here recently. It is a part of
the plan to extend the line from Seat
tle so as to enter Victoria and Van
couver. The experiment of laying a
cable from Port Angeles to Victoria is
deemed impracticable, owing to the
tremendous strain that would be ex
erted on the line by the heavy tides
and extremely rough water. The con
sequent determination is to reach Vic
toria in a roundabout way via Van
couver. At one time the lines now In
British Columbia were owned by the
Western Union, which had constructed
and operated them as far as the head
of navigation on the Fraser River.
These lines were turned over to the
Government at Ottawa and eventually
became part of the system controlled
by the Canadian Pacific.
The new line will more than double
the capacity of the present system up
and down the Sound and straits. Many
important places not reached by the
Pueret Sound Company that connects
with the postal service in this city will
be tapped, and where the single wire
is now so subject to being blown down
by high winds, cutting off important
communication and not always to be
depended upon, the additional service
of the Western Union will go a long
way toward removing the difficulty.
RICHARD GRAY'S LAST WILL.
An Estate Valued at $35,000 Be-
queathed to the Widow of
the Testator.
The last will of Richard Gray, an of
ficial of the Southern Pacific Company,
who died on the Bth inst.. was filed for
probate yesterday. At the time of his
death Gray was possessed of an estate
valued at Jtfo.OOO, which is summarized as
follows: Realty In San Francisco, $lfi,(M);
realty in Lake County, $7000; stock of the
Clear Lake Land ami Manhattan Lighter
age companies, $10,000; insurance policy
issued by the Connec -ticut Mutual Life
Insurance Company. $20i>0.
The will bears date of July 4, ISS3, and
by its terms the entire estate is be
queathed to the widow of the deceased.
Lucretia Minerva Gray. The sole legatee
is also named as executrix without bonds.
The fact that the children of the testator
were not named ks legatees under the
will is. explained by the last clause.
Which rfini as follows: "In thus be
queathing all my estate to my wife, to
the exclusion of my children. I am moved
by no want of paternal affection for
them, but by the belief that their own
interests will be better served thereby."
DR. HERBERT CAUGHT.
He Will Die on the Scaffold if Con-
victed of the Crime Charged.
Dr. Herbert Orpen. familiarly known as
Dr. Arthur Herbert, was arrested by
Deputy United States Marshal Gallagher
on board the steamship Australia on her
arrival yesterday.
Orpen is wanted by the authorities of
Auckland, New Zealand, on a charge of
murder for having caused the death of
Susan Harriet Campbell McCullom at
that place by means of a criminal opera
tion. The woman died on Christmas day
and on the same night the doctor left
Auckland in the steerage of the Alameda.
A message was sent around the world by
wire and cable to apprehend the doctor
for murder, and when the Alameda ar
rived a few daya ago the Marshal board
ed her, but found that Orpen had left the
vessel at Honolulu.
The prisoner is 55 years old, and d*.
clined to make any statement to the re
porters. He will be held here until the
necessary papers shall have arrived from
New Zealand. The punishment lor this
offense is death by hanging.
The Cuban Scare.
Although the diplomatic entanglement with
Spain over Cuba Is to some extent Influencing
the stock market. Wall street expects no
serious complications. Nevertheless serious
complication with other maladies may be, ex
fiected to follow an attack of biliousness which
s not checked at the outset. The most ef
fectual means m this end Is Hostetter's
Stomach Bittern, nn 'Imlrable remedy, more
over, for dyspepsia, malaria., kidney trouble,
constipation &nd nervousness.
DOGS IN FRESNO
AT A PREMIUM
Every Suitable Canine in
Demand for Klondike
Service.
Those of a Strong and Hardy
Breed Bring From $1O to
$3O Each.
Clarence J. Berry Preparing to Lead a
Big Expedition From Selma to
the Gold Fields.
Special Dispatch to The Ca'.l.
FRESNO, Jan. 19.— Clarence J. Berry
cf the town of Selma, who returned
from the Klondike with his wife last
July, is preparing to lead a large ex
pedition into that country next month.
He and members of his prospective
party are now actively engaged in col
lecting suitable dogs to haul the pro
vision sleighs on the frozen trails, and
other parties who are also preparing
to go to the rich country are alsa buy
ing, borrowing and begging dogs all
over town. There is at present a dearth
Of canines in Fresno and round about.
Berry's party will be composed of
men from Selma, which is his home but
Hi Rapelje of this city will also be a
member of the Berry party, as well as
his son and Mr. Berry's brother-in-law.
All have been out collecting suitable
dogs, and they have about 200 caninos
which are being broken to harness and
trained to draw sleighs. Those who are
engaged in training the animals say it
is not an easy matter to get them prop
erly broken.
The 200 dogs which have been collect
ed in this vicinity are all stout and
hairy animals. Some of them were
purchased at as high a price as $50,
they being household pets, but the own
ers were induced to part with them for
hard cash in round sums. Several of
the dogs brought as high as $30 and
$40, but the average price paid for suit
able Klondike canines was between $10
and $20.
The supply of dogs having good warm
coats has been about exhausted in
Fuesno, and the prospective Klondik
ers are looking elsewhere for animals
for the frozen north. Hi Rapelje's son,
of the Berry party, is now in the high
Sierras gathering dogs there, as, owing
to the colder climate there, nature pro
vides the animals with warmer coats.
Besides the Berry party, there are
several other expeditions from this
county going to the Klondike, and they
are also engaged in collecting dogs. A
large party under the leadership of O.
P. Garrison, a well known farmer, will
start on the first proximo. The party
includes Frank Neate, night clerk at
the Grand Central, and Al Wolcott,
Deputy County Clerk. They have thir
ty iL>gs now being trained, some of
which were obtained in Sao Francisco
and others in Tulare.
A. V. Warnekros and wife are also
preparing to start for Alaska to pros
pect for gold, and have secured an out
fit from the East, comprising a patent
life-saving boat. They, too, are buying
up dogs at good prices.
OLONG THE WATER FRONT.
The Crew of the Sh)ip W. f. Bab-
cock. 111 Treated by the
Mate.
Another American ship captain is in
trouble. The W. F. Babcock has ar
rived at Honolulu from New York, and
every one of the sailors had some kind
of a tale of woe to tell United States
Consul General Haywood. It appears
that First Officer Lund beat and
abused the men during the entire voy
age, and nearly all the A. B.s bore
some mark of his handiwork. After a
thorough examination the Consul found
that there was not enough evidence to
warrant an arrest, but he informed
Captain Graham that any of the men
who so desired must be paid off. Nearly
all the sailors left the ship, and a new
CHAMPAGNE FL^VORf |»N» N \
GHAWAQNE FLAVOR |»- S '
The new 5-cent piece of Piper v%?>V^ #
Heidsieck — nearly half as large again ■ \
as the old — the deserved reputa-V^^^ ji
tion of being the best tobacco as to nHk^ '
quality and flavor ever offered at any 'mg ra
price, and the largest ph^ of choice §j& jar
tobacco ever offered for 5 cents. Ask SBS?
your dealer for one of the new -MB/
5-cent pieces. j0lm!l I
crew will have to be shipped at Hono
lulu before the vessel can get away
with her cargo of sugar.
One of a drove of pigs got away
when opposite the Mail dock yesterday
and gave the Custom House officers
and Mail Company's employes a merry
chase. It dodged all kinds of missiles
for nearly half an hour, and then
chose death rather than capture. One
inspector had it by the tall and an
other by the leg, but piggy, with a des
perate effort, freed himself and delib
erately jumped overboard.
The tug Millie lost her propeller in
Oakland Creek yesterday and had to
be towed to this side by the Annie.
They w^ere grappling for the propeller
yesterday afternoon, but the chances
are that it is lost in the mud.
Captain Beniche, late mate of the
four masted schooner Alice Cooke, has
been appointed master of the schooner
W. H. Talb"t. vice Captain Bluhm, re-
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Australia arrived from Honolulu yes
terday, a few hours ahead of time.
Unlike the Alameda and Peru, she had
fair weather throughout the run. The
following cabin passengers came up on
her: S. Clementson and wife: Rev. J.
M. Lydgate and wife; Mrs. 1... E. Wnl*
tler-'Mrs. C. Bennett; Mrs. W. A.
Akers; Miss A. Stanley; M. Howard;
Miss H. S. Billings; Mme. de Gaste and
child; F. B. Smith, wife and child;
John H. Wilson; W. B. Dean; A. H.
Bachelder; H. C. Bush; D. W. Lewis;
Miss L. Royston and maid.
J. W. Warburton, English Consul
General at this port, has been granted
a six months' leave of absence, and
"Wellesley Moore will serve in his place,
while Montagu Hankin will act as Vice
Constd.
THESE NERVES THAT YOU SEE
marked on the drawing are sympathetic
nerves. They originate In the brain and the
spinal cord. These are their centers. They are
distributed to the stomach, they are distributed
to the heart, they are distributed to the lungs,
they are distributed to the liver, they are dis
tributed to the bowels, to the kidneys, etc.
When these nerves are harassed, when they
are misused, when they are abused, nervous
twitchings in different parts of the body fol
low. Indeed nervous twitchings are to be ex
pected. Abuse any of nature's children and
you pay the penalty. 'Tis the abuse that kills.
If you overload the stomach, overtax the brain,
or over-harass any of the organs of the body
you must expect weakness to ensue. Now It
Is a fact that the great remedio-treatment
"Hudyan" reaches these nerves, and puts them
in good order. "Hudyan" cures the disorders
and disabilities of men. It Is a remedlo
treatment - for - men. It . cures Sperma
torrhoea, drains, pimples and prematurity.
"Hudyan" cures morbid fancies, etc. If you
are suffering, why -don't you use the right
effort to be cured? "Why don't you use the
great 10-treatment "Hudyan"? Hun
dreds and hundreds and hundreds of men have
used the "Hudyan" -treatment, ■ and
they have been cured. You, too, can be cured.
If you can. call to the greatest medical insti
tution in the West— Hudson Medical Institute
— the doctors will advise you at no cost to
yourself. If you cannot call, write for "Hud
yan" circulars and testimonials. No one else
T^T^ro^ii CI " CULA AND
BLOOD POISON. You have lumps
about the body. You
BLOOD POISON. have glandular lumps.
You have spots on the
BLOOD POISON. body — copper-colored
spots. It may be In
RLOOn POISON the first, secondary or
BLOOD POISON. tertiary state. The best
„, nnkr . nmcsMu cure for tn ' s ls the
BLOOD POISON. thirty-day cure. Con
. suit the Hudson doc-
BLOOD POISON. tors about the thirty
day cure or write for
BLOOD POISON. thirty-day cure circu
lars, free. HUDSON
BLOOD POISON MEDICAL INSTI
DLUUU **UI*»OIN. TUTE. Stockton, Mar
ket and Ellis streets.BIRDS AND DOGS
UP FOR PRIZES
Close of Entries for the
Great Exhibition at
Sacramento.
Homing-Pigeon Contest to In
augurate the Big Show
on Monday.
Message to Be Carried From Governor
Budd to the Managers of the
Jubilee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 19.— Entries to
the Bench Show of the fifth annual ex
hibition of poultry and dogs of the Cal
ifornia State Poultry and Kennel Club
closed to-night and are as follows, to
g-ether with names of owners:
Mastiff— A. P. Beheld, Sacramento,
Duke.
Great Danes— Captain Charles G. Saxe,
Ran Francisco, Defender; J. Harmson,
Sacramento, Marco. x
St. Bernards- Miss Marguerite Well,
Sacramento. Prince Albert; Mrs. C. G.
Faxo. San Francisco, King Menelek; A.
E. Muenter, Lathrop, Queen of the San
Joaquin; C. A. Smart, Oakland, Princess
Sheherazade; Orangedale St. Bernard
Kennels. I,os Angeles. Lady Bute H. : J.
M. I' iwderly, Sacramento. Grand Duke;
Dr. W. R. Cluness Jr., San Francisco,
Reglov Jr.; H. A. Wegener. San Fran
cisco, Ramona W.; Mrs. B. F. Beck, San
Francisco, Montana Queen; Hubert
"White, Oakland. Roxle Savage Taylor;
L. J. Romer, Florin. Duke of Klondike;
G. B. Borchers, Kaslo, British Columbia.
Smudge; Mazzlni Bros., Sacramento,
Pluto; Mazzini Brothers, Sacramento,
Vienna. ' ; ".
Greyhounds— Fred Kauffmann. Sacra
mento, Tea Rose; O'Connell & Flaherty,
Sacramento, W. J. Bryan; P. W. Shee
han & Sons. Sacramento. Eva S.
Pointers— H. A. Wegener, San Fran
cisco, Bummer "W. ; D. H. Cox, Sacra
mento, The Kid; J. J. Markov, Sacra
mento, Bessie M. ; George Neale, Sacra
mento, Pattle N. : F. B. Adams. Sacra
mento, Doctor; Fred C. Yoerk. Sacra
mento. Joe Freckles; Kimball & Upson,
Sacramento, Jack; "Walter E. Miller,
Placervil'.e, Lady Olenbeicrh; George
Keale. Sacramento. Queen N. *
English setters— F. G. Parker, Sacra
mento. Joe; W. Wood. Sacramento,
Prince: W. L. "Willis, Sacramento, Snow;
Phil Wand, San Francisco. Flora W.
Gordon setter— Ehret, Sacramento,
Prince.
Irish setters— C. L. Ecklon, Folsom,
one entry; Mrs. August Haynke, Sacra
mento. Ralph; Schlff. Pierce & Limplnsel,
Placerville, Swift; August Haynke, Sacra
mento. Gypsy Girl; Miss Ethel C. Creagh,
San Francisco, Queen of Kildare.
Collies— O. J. Albee, Lawrence, Goldfine;
O.- J. Albee. Lawrence, Cliftons Bonnie;
Stewart & Son. Aromas. Daouil Dhu.
Paoui! Roy. Chummle, Solghter, Schmoral
and Iris; James W. Minturn, Minturn,
Rob Roy. Beach Hill Kennels. San Jose,
Miss Delia. Beach, owner. Loufra, Spar
tan. Pensarn, Ora and Gold Dust I.; O. J.
Albee. Lawrence, Alto Clifton and Major
Wei ton.
Bull terrier— J. H. Samml. San Fran
cisco. Scaldy Mike; E. M. Simpson, Sac
ramento, Royal Flush.
Cocker spaniels— C. Plume, San Fran
cisco. Portia Pastime: F. B. Adams. Sac
ramento, Hi; H. A. Wegener. San Fran
cisco. Dufferin Pastime; C. Leonard,
Stockton. Buzz Silk; H. A. Wegener. San
Francisco. Polly Pastime and Peg Wof
fington: George E. Gibson, Sacramento.
Ben Harrison; H. A. Weaver, Oak Park,
Dot i: : Mrs. J. H. Sameni, San Fran
cisco. Major MoKlnley: H. A. Wegener,
San Francisco. Tootsy W. ; Miss Ethel G.
Creagh. San Francisco, Rall>-tte.
Fox terriers— Royal Kennels, Stockton,
Golden Chimes; L. B. Nichols. Sacra
mento, Demon; O. A. Bauer, Broderick,
* Daisy Belle; Thomas J. 'iownsend. Sac
t ramento. Daisy: William B. Godfrey. San
' Francisco, Golden Dirk; Royal Kennels,
Stockton, Warren Crack; William Halley,
Sacramento. Our Joe: J. B. Martin. San
Francisco. Golden Flash II.; Mrs. E. M.
Simpson, Sacramento, Golden Restless.
Japanese spaniel— H. A. Wegener, San
Francisco,- Yum Yum.
English whippet— Mrs. J. F. Atkln. Ala
. rn^a. Fox.
Wire-haired fox terrier— J. F. Atkln.
San Francisco. Riley Grannan.
Field spaniel— F. C. Glfford, Stockton,
Rex Gifford.
The poultry exhibitors are as fol
lows:
Jamos English, St. Helena; T. J. Almy.
Rait Lake City, Utah; E. J. Boden. Sac
ramento; H. Anderson. Suis\in; Osgood &
Bon, Oakland; J. M. Wakefield. Lockford;
J. 1.. Harlan. Winters: K. A. Noyea, West
Butte; Ben M. Woodhull, Stockton; C V.*.
o, San Mateo; James Mitchell. St.
Helena: Mrs. P. H. Snow. San Jose; E.
Hoerler. San Jr^se; Hw-keli & Iforaehead.
Ran Jose; Sam M. Cray & Son, Oakland;
Louis W^'.'iv'n. Sacramento; E. J. Romer,
ward TM<-hards. Stockton; C. H.
Robbins. Stockton; W. E. I,add, Stock
ton; S. F. Lindgren & Son 3, Klngsburg;
William Thomas, Lockford; Mrs. George
A. Btone, Santa Rosa; Mrs. E. Kellog-g,
Bacramento; L. Faun>, Sacramento; L.
W. MatthJas. Sacramento: J. R. Catlett.
Pleasant Grove; Coffey Brothers. Sacra
mento; C. J. Cox, Delano; Miss F.Forbes.
Napa.
■on exhibitors— M. Matthias, Ala-
Gr«orge Xuborger. San Francisco;
J. J. Tr.nipklr.son, Alam^rta: J. J. Vic
tory, Oakland: T. K. Quayle, Oakland;
H. F. V.'hltman. Alamcda: J. Schenk,
Pacramonto; G. T. Marsh, San Francisco;
A. N. Bailey. Oakland.
The exhibition -will be Inaugurated
Monday. January 24. by a homing-pig
eon contest between Sacramento and
Ban Francisco, when a message from
Governor Budfl will be carried tcr the
managers of the Mining Jubilee.
C. D. Nairn of Baliston, Or., judge of
all classes in the Bench Show, will ar
jive to-raorrow. F. W. Hitchcock of
Colo., and W. W. Browning of
Ogden, TJtah, Judges of poultry', will be
cm hand Monday. The meeting prom
ises to be the most successful one ever
held in California.
CATTON DEFEATS SPINKS.
By a Narrow Margin the Rock Island Boy
Wins in Thirty-Eight Innings.
rHICAGO. Jan. 19.— Cetton defeated
Spinks to-day in the third game of the
18-inch bp-lk line tournament by a score
of 260 to 249. This leaves the question as
regards the player who Is to be left out
tfae money still undecided. Had
Slinks won this afternoon he would have
been sure of fourth money, with a fair
chance /or third. His victory last night
over Schaefer gave him confidence, but
• b, after getting warmed up, began
piling up the caroms in a most disheart
ening way and in the eighteenth Inning
took the lead with a clever run of 30.
Bpii ks came back with a pretty cluster
of 44. but the Rook Island boy was not
to he denied, and returned the compli
ment with a run of 34. to which he
added 56 in the twenty-first inning, prac
tically < llm'hing the game
Spinks made three double-figure runs
in the next ten innings, but offset them
with three singles and four goose eggs.
Then Catton in turn lost his grip, allow
ing Spinks to creep up on him. He, how
over managed to stay long enough to
run the game out in the thirty-eighth in
ning. The score:
Catton— lo, 0. 0, 3, 0. I, 7, 0, 0, I, 0, 8. 2. 4,
IS, U ». 0. SO. M, 1. f>6, 6. 1, 7. 18, 6. 9, 0, 4.
3, 0, 0, 3, 6, 1, 2, i— 2CO. Average 6 :-19; hi K h
est run. E6.
Spinks-8. 0, 1, 27. 6. 2. 0. 1. 12, 3. 8, 6. 4.
0, 0, 2, 2, 19. 44, 8. 3, 1, It, 1, 1, 1, 15, 19, 0, 0,
19. 0, 10, 10, 3. 17, 0. o— 24'j. Average, 6 21-38;
highest run, 44.
■* Woman Attempts Suicide.
* Dolly Walker, a middle-aged woman,
•while despondent last night, swallowed a
doee of laudanum at her room at 24 Turk
street. She was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and will recover. The woman
had been drinking heavily and, becom
ing despondent, took the poison.
SHE IS AMERICAN THROUGHOUT
Fron) Stem to Stern, From Keelson to TrucK, Everyttyng Was Made in
tbe United States by American Workmen.
THE CRUISER CHITOSE REfIDY TO LAUNChJ.
There will be launched from the Union Iron Works shipbuilding yards, for the Japanese Government, next Saturday
at 1025 a. m., one of the handsomest crutsera that has left the stocks in many a day. Her keel was laid on May 3,
1897 and on June 26 of the same year the first rivet was driven. The work of construction, under the supervision of
two' officers detailed by the Japanese Government, has proceeded rapidly, until now the vend is ready for launching. She
is 402 feet two inches over all. and her displacement is 4760 tons on a normal draft of seventeen feet seven and a half
inches. Her indicated horsepower is 15.500 and her speed will be twenty-two and a half knots. Her armament will be most
effective and the new cruiser will prove to be a most valuable addition to the Japanese navy.
MANY CALLED,
FEW CHOSEN
A Vast Host Preparing
to Seek. Riches on the
Klondike.
Only a Select Few, However,
Will Have Their Dreams
Fulfilled.
To the Great Majority Will Coma tho
Bitterness of Blighted
Hopes.
The Klondike craze Is growing with
leaps and bounds. Old hulks that at
i other times men could not be pprsuad
| ed to go to sea In are being pulled out
I of their retirement and put Into com
mission. Steam schooners and col
liers are being turned Into passenger
i vessels and even an old bark that for
merly carried crude petroleum from
Ventura to San Francisco is being
fitted out to carry miners from Seattle
:to Dyea. River steamers for the Yu
< kon, there will be In plenty, but It Is
very doubtful whether all the people
j who have made up their minds to
■ reach the gold fields by that route will
1 ever reach St. Michael. At the present
time there is not half enough vessels
to carry all who want to go from San
Francisco and the Sound to Dawson
City via the river route.
Dawson City, however, Is not the
only Eldorado In view. At least one j
party will start the latter part of j
April for Kotzobue Sound and other ex
peditions to the same field are In the
course of formation. Captain B. Co- j
gan is at the head of the party that
will leave here on April 25. They have
bought the whaling bark Alaska, and
after receiving a thorough overhauling
on the dry dock she Is now having ac- ;
commodatlon for 110 passengers put In. j
Of this number of berths nearly all j
have been taken and the chances are j
another vessel will have to be put on
the route. Among thope going on the
Alaska are W. Alston Hayne Jr. and
a party of nine from Santa Barbara.
Mr. Hayne Is the County Supervisor
from that part of the country and is
Antonio Lauteri Carried Down by the Sinking of His Fishing Launch.
After a desperate struggle with the
waves and tide for almost an hour
Gaetan Lanteri, an Italian fisherman,
staggered into the life saving station
south of the Cliff House yesterday aft
ernoon and announced the capsizing of
his fishing launch, the Two Sisters,
and the drowning of his brother, An
tonio Lanteri.
While fishing for crabs off the coast
a heavy swell struck the frail craft
full broadside and turned it bottom
up, throwing both men into the water.
The hf avy machinery of the vessel car
ried the launch to the bottom and with
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1898.
well known In Southern California. Col
onel Stuart Wright of Fresno will for
sake his duties as a national guards
mdn and will also seek his fortune on
Kotzebue Sound. E. J. Pringle and
W. H. Chickering, sons of the San
Francisco attorneys, will also be pas
sengers by the Alaska.
Others who will pass the Yukon by
in the race for gold are U. S. Champion.
John Sherriett, E. O. Bates. J. E.
1 Tucker, E. J. Davis, F. W. Dicke. C. A.
Haehl, C. W. Stalvu. W. A. Nourse,
Frank Brazil, J. E. Rhodes,. Thomas
! Fennell, Stewart McClure and two
others, F. Bray, R. G. Kenzie, R.
A. Barclay and A. A. Eubanks.
Each of the passengers by the Alas
ka will take 3000 pounds of stores with
him. Besides that the vessel will carry
E^o^h o f t ne passengers by th<* Alas
ill take 3000 pounds of stores with
Besides that the vessel will carry
the machinery and lumber for a stern
wheel steamer, which will be called the
John Riley, and also the material for
a large frame building, which is to be
erected cm the Kowak River as a store
house. The agreement with the pas
sengers is that before starting In pros
pecting they shall assist in putting to
gether the steamer and In building the
storehouse.
The first stopping-place will be at
Cape Blossom. There the bark will be
left in charge of keepers and the John
Riley will be put together. All the
stores and the lumber for the house
will be loaded on her and then the
entire party will go- 200 miles up the
Kowak River. When the house is
erected all the provisions and stores
will be placed in it and the miners will
have then two or three months in
which they can do their prospecting.
The chances are that considerable gold
will be found, as it was always in the
summer months that the Indians made
their finds and afterward returned with
the nuggets to Point Hope to buy stuff
: from the whalers.
From Cape Blossom the Alaska will
i be sailed to Point Hope, which is only
135 miles distant, and from there will
, bring back to the Kowak River a sup
ply of coal for the river steamer. There
is a coal mine at Point Hope and Cap-
I tain Cogan says that it is a very supe
; rior article. Indians and dogs are there
i In plenty, so in that respect and also
! in regard to fuel the men on this expe-
I dition will be more fortunate than
those in Dawson City. The chances are
that all the sailors engaged to man the
"Alaska will desert in order to search
for gold and in that event Captain Co
can will bring the vessel back to San
Francisco with an Indian crew. When
north on whaling expeditions Captain
Cogan has often employed the Indians,
and he says they make first-rate sail
ors. On his way down he will stop at
St. Michael to bring back a party of
returning Klondikers.
The steam schooner National City is
to be transferred into- a first-class pas
senger steamer, and on February 7 will
make her first trip to Dyea under the
flag of the Yukon Transportation Com
pany. She is a sister ship to the Excel
sior and last season made some of the
quickest trips between San Francisco
and St. Michael. The lumber to be used
DEATH BENEATH THE WAVES.
it the body of the unfortunate fisher
man, who became entangled in the
rigging.
Gaetan managed to extricate himself
from the boat and swam toward the
shore, but as he was heavily encum
bered he made little headway until he
freed himself from his rubber cloth
ing. After a swim of more than a
mile he finally reached the beach,
where he lay exhausted for some time
before he could make his way to the
life saving station.
Captain Varney immediately ordered
out the boat, but the waves were pa
In her transformation is now being got
and ;i double force of men will be
put to work on her on the 31st inst.,
when she la turned over to her charter-/
crs. The work of putting: up accommo-
datior.s for 180 passengers is not ex
pected to occupy more than six days,
and on February 7 she will be on her
way to I 'yea with a full passenger list,
as a hundred berths have already been
engaged.
The same company will dispatch to
St. Michael on May 1 the bark Rufus
E. "Wood. On May 15 the ship Eclipse
and May 25 the National City will take
up the running. Both the sailing ves
sels will carry coal in their lower holds
for the use of the company's Yukon
River steamers. The ship Eclipse will
not come back from St. Michael, but
will be anchored there and turned into
a hotel. Ail the passengers from the
company's steamers will be landed on
her and transferred to the river steam
ers on the arrival of the latter from
Dawson City. Also if the steamer from
San Francisco has not arrived when
the river steamers get to St. Michael,
the returning miners will be put aboard
the Eclipse to await the coming of the
San Francisco boat. Tiie launch Het
tie 8., now on the Yukon, will be used
as a tender between the ship and the
shore, so that the guests of the floating
hotel can come and go as they will. By
using the ship as a hotel passengers
will be saved the heavy charges In
curred in transferring their baggage
from the steamer to the shore at St. Mi
chael.
: tie is purchasing all the old de
r-r»-;.!t re ■■ell on the toast that nobody
\,is any use for. Some of the craft
that will be put into commission on the
Sound have been ready for the bone
yard for years, and not a captain in
San Francisco could be hired to take
them to sea. Some o? them are fairly
good; others again are regular death
traps, and yet these boats are to be put
in commission to carry miners from Se
attle to Dyea. Several boats have been
■old within this last few days, among:
them being the old Louis Walsh, Enoch
Talbot and now the old Theobald. The
\V,;lsh has lons ago outlived her use
fulness, the Talbot when she could be
used for nothing else was turned into
■i tank boat, and even at that she was
a failure, while the Theobald changed
hands many months ago. and was re
cently sold again for $1400. At that
time her new owners did not know
whether to break her up or turn her
into a coal hulk. It was found that she
was not good enough for the latter pur
; . and orders were given to disman
tle her, but before anything was done
Si ittle people came along, and, it is
said, paid $5500 for the old-timer.
The bark Edward May, now on her
way here from the East, via Honolulu,
has been sold to Alexander & Baldwin
of this city. The purchase price is said
t.i )<>■ $19,006, and the vessel will prob
ably be put in the Klondike trade when
sh.> roaches this port. Negotiations are
dow pending for the purchase of the
ship Yosemite for the same trade, and
Captain Fullerton, who has been mas
ter of her for eleven years, has been
transferred to the bark Harry Morse.
A new master will command the Yo
semite when she goes into the Klondike
trade.
Hawaii is also to send her quota of
miners to the Klondike. A corporation
calling Itaelf the Kohala Klondike
Company has been incorporated with
a capital stock of $50,000. and C. T. and
A. C Ostrom will arrive from Hono
lulu f>n the next steamer to outfit here.
The two miners know the country well
to v.hich they are going, and every
body In Hawaii expects to come back
loaded down with nuggets.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
A woman never appreciates how lone
pfim? ph»» nan been for some one to lovo
her till she gets him.
troled In vain search for the body of
the drowned man. Some wreckage
floated near the spot where the boat
went down and told the story. Lanterl
was put in bed and rubbed by people
in the vicinity until he was able to go
home, but last night he had almost
succumbed to the shork and lay in a
stupor at his home in Flint alley, be
tween Vallejo and Battery streets.
Antonio Lanteri leaves a young widow,
to whom he was married but five
months ago. Gaetan. the elder broth
er, has a wife and five children, who
are now in Italy on a visit.
THE EMPORIUM.
The "After-Stock-Taking" Sales of Dress Goods,
Suits and Cloaks, Blankets and Linens
Should Be Investigated by Every
Careful Buyer.
■^■^"^■^■" We are building our business on quality, selling only such **——*—*
STORE WILL goods as we can warrant to please and wear. Don't think because STORE WILL
BE CLOSED prices quoted are so low that the merchandise is inferior. The goods B^ CLOSED
ALL DAY are surplus stocks and winter lines that we wish to close at once. ' ALL DAY
MONDAY, Last days of the wonderful painting, "The Blacksmith." Free view in Art Room. MONDAY,
JANUARY Signor A. Salvini, the renowned opera tenor, at the Saturday-Night Concert. JANUARY
24. The Klondike Outfitting Department carries EVERYTHING necessary for Alas* 24.
MBMBBaaMMBBa kail prospectors. The best for the least money. 1 . ■»■■-■■!.
Feather 4^ Silk Velvets* Men's Furnishings*
IJOtIS. Wpl^ A beautiful assortment of Silk Vel-
Handsome Os- J^SjU*^ vets in a " the new s P rin ? colorings Many articles from the
trich Feather Boas \l AjsL; has just been opened. It is probably ...: ni . or cfA .i. c __„, v , <•
and Collarettes— BfeJjggjf the most complete collection of velvets inter Stocks nOW half
"otfiaSs-S" o tfiaSs-S IKI "o ce m br ; sUc^o5 U c^o1 sth5 th L s fa y rd-^^r price and less. All surplus
r ?btneS'AC-«^ S? 'th^goodY ioT unTer the'nS stocks and broken lines tO
stock -lak-d- 0.75 ( mWMm? tar f ; 1 • • uc-iiwi ♦ be immediately closed.
in? price... 4>3 — -^WiiWx^W Extra values in iQ-mch Silk Velvets • f
Black cogue WfjßJ' at $1.25, $I.so and 5i.75 Yard These are new, fresh goods,
SS"iJt=SS jfkjSm ivfewTVeilWs^ but only a limited quantity
(vii a real sl.so {^J^W? V i-NeW V eilingS^ of each kind
value. On Special W MM 3000 yards of Chenille Dot Tuxedo KmCL
Sale now at <»<< 00 v \^ Veiling— all new styles— imported for Men's French Per-
r— ** — our spring trade— 52 patterns to select C ale and Madras
_ n , f f from— Black, Navy, Brown and Colored Bosom f^l
FanCY KIDDOnS* ' Cream— the wide 18-inch kind. ~%p- Shirts, with sepa- .VA
al^/ *mwww*w rervard ZOC rate link cuffs and js£dk»^
A new lot of Fancy Ribbons, .lust Veiling Section tie to match— reeu- $^<?i&!U&W\
, opened— 3^ to 5 inches wide— the first in Rotunda. lar price $1. c/\ I
n;wlineof ribbon for this season— — — — — — Special at. . 3UC /
rich plaids and checks— choice color- | I>^*.'L e>r "R^tfc. W&S^ UUlhrJi
ings— for neck and hat trimming— and J-rCctUlCr UCltb» Men's Madras I^S^^fWi
strictly pure silk. Per yard.. ..-• Ladies' Leather Beits— ix inches Golf Shirts, with
I 50c. 35c and be wide— colors tan, brown, red, green ties to match— a i^i^riLuj/v
1 Ribbon Counters In Rotunda. an( j black regular price 50c -^/r large assortment to 7^
. _ M mmr" each. Special price OOC select from— regu- J|Tj|l|jL^^
3) 1 Silks 75c* — : ~ lar price * x and • >*iis\^
' Fancy Jacquard Figured Silk -40 EmbrOlderV Silk« ciafat ?'" 50C
: frUm^SSl *,°mSl!t a v tiOn Sn'dai e^ls Embroidery Silk-10-yard spools, in —
' week~at g Special this solid colors and variegat y ed sh X dlngs _ Men's Pure Silk Tecks, Puffs and
1 in •** j regular price 4c spool. Special -> Imperials— exquisite designs — fa
/OC Yard. price- regular price $1. Special at— 3vt
otuttearter Sanitary Dress Irimrninp's* Men ' s wwo 1w ° o1 Fi«ced shirts and
1 \Y7^T TT«4^«-,-*v.*«+c ■ L>fl " x lllllllllll^ 1 Drawers-all sizes-regular price $1
; WOOI UnOergar mentS* To close out our stock of Colored I per garment. Special at......... yjr
, We are sole agents in San Francisco Bead Garnitures we will offer torbal- /3C
. The best hygienic underwear made, ance of week 4 styles in the newest
« They surpass in texture, cut, make colors at the special pries of M*n'c H»-»,,,, N*f,,,.oi \xt ir\
' andfinish. We import direct from the P . ..50.c and SI Each .^"th^TJm fh ?J W ?° Dra . W *
' factory in Stuttgart, Germany, and — — _ — « r .f (no shirts to match these)-regular
' retail at minimum prices. C\\PVXC\r\ SllltillO' to dose P Special price 2 C r
; Children's Extra Heavy « Stuttgar- V-dievrOll OUlting* to close JL
, ter" Natural Wool Union Suits— best One of the newest and most popular : ~~
» ouality for girls. weaves— extremely low priced. Men's Natural Wool and Merino
» Size 18 20 22 24 26 40 pieces 40-inch Chevron Suiting, Socks regular value 25c. Spe- j»/v
' in the new two-tone effect new p-r\ cial at 3 pair for 3UC
' Price...- 5i. 75 Si-85 $1.0.5 $2.05 $2. 20 goods-new styles. Per yard, only OUC . _ _
I Size.- 28 30 32 34 — „ ,_
: pnee *. ? s*».sof>.6ss>.&, Do You Need a The Two Best
> Boys' Union Suits 20c higher each m 1 T\ V Dl rt «f r/4 f T>^^^^'^
'size. Unlon Suits 2OC hif her each Black Dress Blanket Bargains.
* Lndies' Extra Heavy "Stuttgar- , • A . x-fi«x^xv f x-^itoo* 1 T .- . . , o
' ter " Natural Wool Union Suits— best If you do » here ls one of the specials | Two lines to be closed out while the
• quality steam shrunk. * Rom the after-stock-taking offerings 1 weather is cold — now when you want
' Size 28 , o ,2, 2  that it will pay you to investigate. them most — you cannot get better
* ■ "__ J __ _il 52-inch Black Wide Wale All-wool ! blanket bargains now or in the near
» Price $3. 10 <3.25 $3.4053.55 Cheviot— regular price Si a yard, and future.
> Size -.... 36 38 40 42 an excellent value at that. , Re- 7/ - r 175 pairs 72x84 White California
» • ;—; — duced for this sale to /JC Wool Blankets, the warm kind— every
» Price $3.70*1.85 $4.00*4. 15 _ « t-v Pair perfect— assorted borders— excel-
* ■ ■ Laundry r>a.cy^ lent quality— regular goods, sold usu-
» C^^ T***^:*.^'* P^4- -L-aUnary OagS* a ts6. s oa pair-placed ton sale to
I Oan FranClSCO S JDeSt White Duck Laundry Bags— col- clou out the lot at the low price £ /-.00
» CL. "D • orec * stamped in pretty floral ~\p- <°f <4>Dl —
» OilOe .Bargain* deslens— 13x20. Price I 22 pairs Extra Large Gray Army
k cv , «j :;.-,- . Art Embroidery Dept. Blankets — bound sln?lv penrl bind-
k , Shoe-clearing now. t Here are five _Maln Floor, ° Rotunda " ing-a first-class quality, weighing 10
ots that will interest money-savers C «f £ pounds, and worth $6.c£-o /-i!
I that cannot be duplicated in value and (jfOCery OpeCialS lOr sale until sold, per pair $4.00
I Pr LOT i-"Our Pride" Ladies' Seal TU< ir *A*\7 anrl VriAw "~ ~ ~~~
i Shoes — California made, absolutely 1 XlUrSUay aUU rriaay : A 4- "C t/ »J
k damp proof— pretty, stylish shapes— We have no dissatisfied cus- Art JlllTlbrOiaery*
1 oufregular Ua .!. s *. s !:s3^ tomers in this department. How Fancy Figured Denim Table c
k LOT 2— Ladies' could we? Selling such quan- Squares— cotton fringed— 36x36. ZDC
l — -- yv_. Oil Vici Kid Lace tities as we do the goods are al- , l8 -' nch Scrim— fancy colored bor-
> ifh^TTl Shoes -new coin ways absolute cleanli- Sf"? ' n J e i'f, w ' P P '"^ k ' b^ e - car 25r
l fi\~ M I to« — trim- ookin? • • • j 1 • ainai ana fNiie. rer yard J->^J\~
" */wJ wet-weaTershoes g ness is insisted upon and prices _ \
i A*]*<y\^ instead of the usual aie lowest that can be made. _- (
t d/|[^^W $ fj s°'5 °' our $195l 95 Direct Grocery Telephone South sq. JTIOUSe UmiSningS*
l fVil W i LO^T 3— Ladies' Special Thursday Only. Always some special snap in this
>(^ 3y«h \ Fine Box Calf Lace Babbitt's Best Soap— 7 bars ~»r- busiest of House- Furnishing Depart-
*» I A SI y\ Shoes— heavy sole, f or ZC>C ments - Here are two of the specials
k Vl £LS « military heel— new Log""Cabin Ala pie Syrup — gallon for balance of this week:
l VV*^?^^ Klondike Toe — a cans— regularly sl.2s— on sale <t 105 , .6-quart Retinned . .
k great winter shoe— to-day at 4>>"__ Lipped Saucepan—
i "Cf^Jr < instead of the usual Spider-Leg Tea — regularly -3 c extra heavy.. *
I WaJF^J $2 -s°» our <:f.49 46c Ib-on sale to-day for OOC •••• l c rf^^Sa^^ -
r I \y*£^& P rlce »P > — C .in,, r\ 1 2-quart Steel En — -OJT
i t*Ct±^Zr LOT 4-Misses' Special Friday Only. amel Saucepan— 3 \ MaWS'
I ■ jTt? 6^ an Children's Kid Cooper's Olive Oil— large bottles — coats enamel •* a
k ~^^ ■ 7 or Cloth Coin or regularly $I.l6— Friday 0n1y... qq >^rC
k Square Toe Button. x /C Q—.^ *-f o±. 1 /^\ <
£ Shoes— lnstead of J1.50 and $2, our i6cz bottles Imported Curry Pow- special OatUraay VJllly,
£ prices: der — regularly 63c — Friday only p~r\ Heavy Lacquered
[ SizesBtoioH ~ 95c OUC Crumb Tray and^v'-Sg^^- -»
i, Sizes 11 to 2. SLIS Standard Table Fruits — Apricots, Brush, with inlaid
k LOT — Men's French Calf Shoes, Peaches, Pears, Black Cherries, flower decorations p£§ftejf§f^§f7>
• Goodyear welt— Kangaroo top — Yah Blackberries, Plums, Grapes and —for Saturday — as
£ toe— instead of the usual $4, <£f.98 Quinces— regularly 12^0 can — <r\ long as they o
J| our price - »P * — Friday per can ~ >UC last, each OC ** — vr-y
The Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar
CAPTURE OF A
NOTED CROOK
Overreaches Himself in a
San Diego Bank.
Transaction.
Obtains a Check Book From
the Cashier After Telling
a Smooth Story.
Subsequent Use of It Leads to His
Arrest at Los Angeles— A Man
of Many Aliases.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Jan. 19.— A good-ap
! pearing man went into the American
I Exchange Bank at Fourth and D
THE EMPORIUM.
streets Tuesday afternoon, and, repre
senting himself as Frank McKeen, ex
pressed a desire to make a draft on the
McKeen Savings Bank of Terre Haute,
Ind.. for $800. He explained to Cashier
N. T. Horton that he was a newcomer
here and expected to remain some
weeks to enjoy the mild climate. His
father, he said, was president of the
McKeen Savings Bank of Terre Haute.
A blank draft was handed to the man,
who went out. He came back soon af
terward and remarked that as he in
tended to buy a fruit ranch near San
Diego he had decided to draw on the
Terre Haute bank for his entire balance
of $2SOO, and would make the draft for
that amount.
This was done and the stranger left.
Before going, however, he told Cashier
Horton that he intended to leave yes
terday morning for San Francisco and
would probably have occasion to draw
on the amount as soon as the money ar
rived from Indiana.
"Could you oblige me with a check
book?" asked the man, pleasantly.
"Certainly," replied Cashier Horton.
"But you do not expect to draw any
checks before the money is placed to
your credit here, do you?"
"Oh, no," responded the stranger,
with a smile.
After the bank closed Tuesday after
noon the man calling himself McKeen
went across the street to the Santa Fe
ticket office and asked for a first-class
ticket to Chicago and return, with
Pullman accommodations. He told the
ticket agent, George L. Baker, that he
THE EMPORIUM.
had been negotiating for the purchase
of a ranch, but had changed his mind
and meant to return to Chicago tempo
rarily. He expressed regret that the
Exchange Bank was closed for the day
and that he was unable to tender cash
for the ticket. Upon showing the
check book, in which it appeared that
he had $2SOO on deposit in the bank, the
ticket was handed over.
Later in the day the stranger gave
equally worthless checks in payment
for a bicycle and an overcoat, and this
morning boarded the north-bound
train.
Presentation of the checks at the
bank this morning caused the cashier
to wire to Terra Haute, when he re
ceived the reply that the only Frank
McKeen known to exist was in that
cify and had drawn no such draft.
Chief of Police Russell was notified
and he telegraphed to Chief of Police
Glass at Los Angeles, who arrested
the alleged McKeen late this after
noon. Chief Russell will go after the
man to-morrow.
After the forgery was discovered to
day a photograph of a noted crook
■wanted by the Pinkerton Agency was
resurrected in the Exchange Bank
and seen to be an exact likeness of the
stranger now under arrest at Los An
geles. It appears that the fellow's real
name is "W. H. Geer, alias R. H. "W.
Darght, J. B. Bowen, J. R. Mott, R. A.
Myers, George If. Miles and Edward
Lyons. He is believed to be one of the
most dangerous confidence men In the
country.
56
THURSDAY JANUARY 20, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson strea
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by roal). $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Riftfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES--527 Montgomery street. »orr)er Clay;
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 hayes street; open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock-
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh St.: open until 9 o'clock. '505 Polk, street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
ond Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" The Man From Mexico."
California— "Courted Into Court."
Alcazar- "A Man's Love" and "Forbidden Fruit"
Morosco'B— "The Blue and the Gray."
Tlvoll— "Brian Boru."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— The Thalia Gorman-Hebrew Opera Company.
The Chutes— Chlqnlta and Vaudeville.
Lybeok Cycle Skating Kink— Optical Illusions.
California Jock iklawl Rifmtrnifr Itaoati tortaj
AUCTION SALES.
By Eaßton & EldHdpre— This day, January 20, Turkish Rugs,
at 22* gutter street, at - and Bp. m.
By William (j. Layngr & Co.— Thin evenlngr. January 20,
Homes. at Occidental Horse Exchange, 225 Tehaiua St.
By iShainwaid, Buckbee A. lv.— Tuesday, January 25, Real Es-
tate, at 21S Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
SflN FRANCISCO TO THE FRONT.
APPARENTLY for some reason, but really for
a lack of reason, the Chicago Inter-Ocean has
been endeavoring to underrate the importance
of San Francisco as an outfitting point for Alaskan
and Klondike trade. In a recent issue it declared:
"The Golden Gate people have been caught napping.
While they have slept Seattle and Tacoma have
knocked the plums into their basket. Even Port
land, Or., feeling secure in a full share of the busi
ness, has failed to advertise and is in the same con
dition as San Francisco. In Chicago and the East
neither of these prominent cities is mentioned in con
nection with Alaska. It is their own fault."
If San Francisco is never mentioned in connection
with Alaska in circles where the Inter-Ocean is read
it is only because the Inter-Ocean does not publish
the news, and that is not the fault of San Francisco.
This city has furnished news, and lots of it, on that
subject, and all live papers in the East have given
their readers the benefit of it.
San Francisco has sent through the East a travel
ing committee to set forth the advantages she has to
offer to all persons going to Alaska either for pleas
ure or profit. She has prepared an exposition of
mines and mining that will be of immense value to all
who wish to study that industry through attractive
object lessons. Her merchants and her manufac
turers have advertised extensively in Eastern papers
but possibly not in the Inter-Ocean. She and her
people have done all that could be expected of them
to enlighten ignorance, and if ignorance remains it is
clear the press of the East has not done its duty.
The attempts of any paper in the East — or in the
West for that matter — to underrate the prestige of
San Francisco are of course unpleasant, but none the
less they are evidences that we are going forward.
Movement always begets opposition. Even the wind
opposes the advance of one who moves rapidly, and
under its new management the Inter-Ocean is windy.
By the resistance we meet we can measure the force of
our motion upward and onward. San Francisco had
praise enough so long as she sat idly Dy the Golden
Gate, and she is denounced now only because she is
going to the front.
We can make San Francisco known in connection
with the Alaskan trade even in the ignorant' circles
where the Inter-Ocean is read and forgotten, and we
are going about it in the right way. The Golden
Jubilee and the Mining Fair, taken in connection with
the revived enterprise and energy of our merchants
and manufacturers, are receiving large attention
throughout the country. Many of the most influen
. tial papers in the East have devoted much space to
these undertakings, and the city is now talked of
wherever the Pacific Coast is known or the Alaskan
excitement felt. It is only in certain cliques in Chi
cago that the Easterners are out of date on such
subjects.
It is perhaps a coincidence that the report of a
Southern Pacific accident due to a defective track,
and the report that the Southern Pacific was cutting
down expenses by discharging track-walkers, should
have appeared in the same issue of the daily papers.
It will have a tendency to render economy unpopular,
and economy is really a valuable thing.
The absurd plea is made that the method of
slaughtering calves by first hanging them on steel
hooks thrust through close to the tendons of
their legs is as merciful as has been devised. Anybody
advancing such a pica might by being strung up in
a similar fashion for a while be brought to a state of
mind approaching the lucid.
Now that the courts have decided that a man who
dies from accidentally taking poison is not a victim
of accident, they should have gone far enough to let
a wondering world know what did ail the man, any
how. Is there such a thing as an accident accidental
enough to win the acknowledgment of an insurance
company?
We learn with interest that a man arrested in
Dixon for being drunk was taken to the town pail,
and that his age was about 04. While these facts
seem surprising they are gleaned from an evening
paper which points with pride to a record for accur
acy.
The Golden Nugget and Jubilee edition of the Re
port appeared yesterday and fully bore out the prom
ise of being a good number. It contained twenty
eight pages, with many illustrations, as well as much
information most appropriate at this time.
Huntington's desire to secure American registry for
his ships is something which not every land lubber
can appreciate. But his desire to secure American
registry for the thousands of Chinese in Hawaii does
not need to be explained by diagrams.
The sailor who brought suit for $50,000 damages
and then shipped at regular wages, letting his suit go
by default, evidently indorses the common belief as
to the relative value of the bird in the hand and the
pair outside of it.
MORGAN fIGAIN.
SENATOR MORGAN is making his annexation
speech to the Senate in executive session. It
is on the installment plan and will last for some
time jet.
The Senator has got through the sugar part of his
argument and closed on Tuesday with blood. He
insists that we want the islands in order to get cheap
sugar. We pay now $100,000,000 a year for foreign
sugar, every pound of which # can be profitably raised
by American farmers and by white labor.
When the reciprocity treaty subsidized Hawaiian
sugar the total island product was 20,000,000 pounds
a year. It has increased now under a bounty taken
out of American taxpayers amounting to $8,000,000
a year, until the crop is 330.000,000 pounds per annum.
It is the habit of annexationists to say that this is
a small and inappreciable amount, but in fact it is
equal to half the entire cane and beet sugar product
of the whole United States for the year 1896.
It is wholly the result of the reciprocity treaty,
which taxes American beet sugar growers to main
tain and enrich their competitors in the islands. In
1896 we produced only 52,000.000 pounds of beet
sugar, so that Hawaiian planters, supported by tax
ing our producers of beet sugar, sent into their market
about six times as much sugar as our beet growers
produced. To say that such competition is not op
pressive of the American farmer is to utter a char
acteristic Morganism.
The Alabama Senator turned from sugar to blood
shed. He assured the Senate that refusal to annex
the islands will inevitably lead to an effusion of gore.
Why should it, and how will it? The Senator is in
the habit of seeing blood on the moon and elsewhere.
With France and England already bound in a solemn
treaty to let the islands alone, and standing therefore
in line with the United States in guaranteeing their
i'ldependence, what nation dare attempt to interfere?
There is none that will or wishes to. England is the
only power outside the western continent that can
cvtr menace us and she has her military base on this
coast at Esquimalt, in touch with coal and supplies.
How would possession of Hawaii strengthen us
against an attack made from that base? Senator Mor
gan quotes Captain Mahan in favor of taking Hawaii
a? an ocean military base, but he suppresses that part
of Mahan's argument in which he says that to take
it without an extra fleet to defend it and the construc
tion of vast fortifications to protect it would be "a
ruinous mistake. " If Senator Morgan intends ever
to be honest with American taxpayers here is a good
place to begin. Let him tell the truth, for a novelty,
and tell it all, as a sort of penitential offering.
Taking Hawaii means defeat of the rising hope of
the American farmer as a producer; it means taking
from him $4,000,000 to pay Dole's debt, and $8,000,000
a year to pay the island planters excessive profit, and
none can tell how many hundreds of millions in for
tifications and a navy.
Paying taxes is a necessity and not a luxury. The
American taxpayer is apt to get too much of it. Sen
atorial buncombe comes high, but we don't have to
have it.
IS THERE ANOTHER CONTRACT ?
THE fact that the Mission street Boodler and
Collis P. Huntington agree ou the subject of
Hawaiian annexation is a matter of more than
ordinary concern to the people of California. When
those worthies were last together they had a contract
which contemplated the general befuddlement of the
public. On its side the Boodler had agreed to abuse
the Southern Pacific only so much as might be neces
sary to maintain its character as an "anti-monopoly"
organ. On his side Mr. Huntington had agreed to
pay the Boodler $1000 a month for thirty months of
"advertising" which never advertised anything.
Mr. Huntington and the Boodler got along very
well for twenty-two months. Then the latter thought
it saw a chance to bleed the Southern Pacific more
copiously. It went over to the railroad strikers and
abused the corporation far more vigorously than its
"advertising" contract permitted. Thereupon Mr.
Huntington struck it off the payroll. This all oc
curred in 1894. The affair was kept a profound secret
by both parties for nearly a year. Then, apparently
angered at the Boodlcr's abuse, Mr. Huntington re
vealed the truth; the "advertising" contract was pub
lished and the Boodler stood convicted of being the
most contemptible of all boodlers — namely, a boodler
that will not stay bought.
Of course we are ignorant of the arrangement that
has now seemingly been effected between the Boodler
and Mr. Huntington on the subject of Hawaiian an
nexation. • Naturally, if the latter has executed an
other "advertising" contract the fact would be kept
from us. The mainspring of contracts for editorial
influence is secrecy. Indeed the famous $30,000 docu
ment was, as we have already said, withheld from the
public for nearly a year after the parties to it had
quarreled. But we are far from considering that the
feeling between the Boodler and Mr. Huntington is
irretrievably hostile. The Boodler is a business
sheet and constantly out for the "stuff." Mr. Hun
tington has shown that in protecting the property in
trusted to his care he is willing to be garroted occa
sionally. What more natural, then, than that the two
should get together on Hawaiian annexation?
Certainly there is sufficient money in an
nexation to yield several profitable "advertis
ing" contracts. If Mr. Huntington succeed in
having his foreign ships annexed he will
make a good deal of money. It might pay
him to hire the Boodler to advocate Hawaiian an
nexation at a higher rate per month than $1000 —
though we must say that in our opinion $1000 a
month for its influence is a boom figure. The ques-
tion of greatest moment, however — assuming that
Mr. Huntington has negotiated another "advertising"
contract with the Boodler — is, will the sheet stay
bought? We are safe in saying that it will not stay
bought any longer than that condition con
tinues profitable. But has Mr. Huntington now
got it tied up so that Hawaiian annexation will yield
it no more than the price we assume he has agreed
to pay?
We discuss this thing from a moral standpoint be
cause the example of the Boodler in jumping its edi
torial contracts is calculated to reflect discredit upon
boodle journalism, besides setting a bad example to
boodlers generally. Colonel Mamma has no words
of contempt sufficiently withering to characterize a
boodler who will not stay bought.
An evening paper criticizes The Call for not having
favored the "useful and handsome" tunnel under the
main drive in the park. No such tunnel has ever
been constructed there. The elongated hole beneath
the drive is damp and unsightly, and people who walk
thereabouts cannot be induced to walk through it.
They prefer to cross the road at grade and take such
chances as there may be.
There is one step by which the Los Angeles League
for Better Government could yet win respect. The
possibility of disbanding is a thing to which its at
tention is invited as worth its while to try.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANTARY 20, 1898.
THE accounts given in The Call of the methods
employed by the State Board of Prison Direct
ors in disposing of the jute products of the San
Quentin institution establish one. fact beyond the
peradventure of a doubt. Whether wittingly or not,
it is certain that the directors have been used by the
bag manipulators of the State for their own profit.
The letter as well as the spirit of the Ostrom act has
been violated with a frankness which is amazing.
While it may be that the directors have not com
mitted an indictable offense, it is unquestionable that
they have laid themselves liable to removal for neg
lect of duty.
State Prison Directors are honorary constitutional
officers. They are appointed for ten years and they
receive no salary. The law prescribes their duties
with particularity. Among other things they are re
quired to do, astonishing as it may seem, is to at
tend to their business. The Wardens are their agents
in the management of the prisons, but the Wardens
have no authority to violate the law in their names.
The constitution authorizes the Governor to remove
them after a hearing for neglect of duty. The evi
dent intent of this provision is to make them attend
to their business or resign.
The most charitable thing that can be said of the
present Board of Prison Directors is that they have
left the duty of enforcing the Ostrom law and dis
posing of prison-made bags to take care of itself.
For this the Governor is authorized and directed to
deprive them of their offices. The first board ap
pointed under the constitution was removed by Gov
ernor Stoneman for offenses compared with which
the placing of the product of the San Quentin jute
mili at the mercy of the Pacific Coast bag ring is as
a mountain to a mole hill.
The jute factory at the prison was established for
the purpose of emancipating the farmers from the
thralMom of the local bag manipulators. It has cost
the State upward of a million dollars. There never
was any intention of making a profit out of it. The
purpose of the Legislature was to provide a means of
throwing upon the market annually a sufficient num
ber of grainbags to break up the "corner" by which
a few capitalists in this city used to fleece the grain
raisers of the State out of a million or so every year.
For a long time the prison product effected this pur
pose. Lately, however, the bag manipulators have
been getting m their deadly work.
It is the duty of the Governor to thoroughly inves
tigate this affair. The constitution, indeed, makes it
his duty to do so. If he find that the price of jute
bags has been managed by the Prison Directors so
as to play into the hands of the dealers— whether de
signedly or not — he should not hesitate to at once re
move them. This he owes to the farmers of Cali
fornia.
THE LOS ANGELES WfITER FIGHT.
IF the terms of a contract arc binding upon the
party of the first part they are equally binding
upon the party of the second part. In this fact
lies the strength of the people of Los Angeles in their
effort to prevent the water company from defrauding
them out of a sum but a little less than two millions.
For thirty years the people have abided by the terms,
although as the city grew it became farcical for them
to accept SISOO annually from the corporation, how
ever fair these figures may have been for the adobe
village of three decades ago. The same contract
which gave the corporation the right to supply
water for a term, now about to expire, stated in the
plainest of words that the right would be at an end
in thirty years, and that then the plant must be
turned over to the city. Controversy arises because
the corporation does not propose to be bound by the
terms when they arc no longer satisfactory to it.
The duty of the Mayor seems to be to take posses
sion of the plant ;it the time specified. It is in his
rower to accompl^h this without violence, and no
means except such as the law provides will be neces
saiy. When he has done this the corporation can
demur, and to make a showing in court will have to
state why it objects. Then the arbitration provided
for in the original contract will be inevitable, and the
people can demonstrate that the property for which
the water company demands $3,000,000 is in reality
worth only a litt'c more than a third of that sum.
This has been made plain already in a thorough but
not wholly effective way. It needs to be made a mat
ter of court record. This having been done, there
will remain nothing for the company to do but accept
a fair figure and retire.
The situation in the southern city is peculiar. Pre
cisely the reason the daily papers there are on the
side of monopoly, just why they desire the people to
be fleeced for the benefit of a corporation which has
been receiving immense returns on a small invest
ment, there is no necessity to discuss here. It is
enough to know that the Los Angeles daily press
has been wooed and won by the seductive influence
of entrenched capital and that it dares not or will not
say a word for the people. It not only tries to aid
the water company in a scheme that is mildly to be
called nefarious, but to the efforts of others to see
that justice prevails responds with abuse, trying to
hide its own guilt in the clamor. That it has won to
its side the boodle paper of San Francisco is not sur
prising, nor docs this in any measure strengthen its
case.
The recent offer of the company to sell does not
appear to have been made in good faith. So far as
known the price demanded is still $3,000,000, and that
any sum approximating this will be paid is absurd.
The Call expects to see Mayor Snyder faithful to
his election pledges, and it therefore believes that in
July the water works of Los Angeles will be in the
possession of the city. Such was clearly the intent
of the framers of the contract, and any violation of it
must be in defiance of the popular wish and to the
ignoring of all principles of equity.
The men who go to the Klondike and accumulate
large piles of gold have reasons for being careful
when they get back to civilization. There are many
people so constituted that they would rather steal
the dust gathered by somebody else than go up north
and get dust of their own, and those people are just
laying for fresh arrivals from Klondike. It really
seems strange that so large a number who have been
successful in the Yukon region would, had they re
mained away from the fields, have certainly blown
out the gas.
There is general satisfaction over the appoint
ment of Ina Coolbrith to have charge of the Mer
cantile Library. The assistant librarian, who has
resigned rather than submit to what he is pleased
to term petticoat government, might have retired
with better grace had he omitted this remark.
The sister of Über, the man lynched in Nevada a
few weeks ago, writes to his lawyer to look for his re
ward in heaven. It must be conceded that this is
giving the gentleman a poor chance of collecting.
It would occur to the casual observer that the Bul
letin is in a position to say but little, and say it in
low tones, about the painful subject of libeL
THE JUTE BflG EXPOSURE.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
The success of "Sapho" at the Opera-
Comique, Paris, -was enormous. Musi
cians vent from all parts of Europe to
witness the first performance, and agree
in pronouncing it a great work. Mas-
Benefs other compositions have been so
uneven as regards merit that much curi
osity was felt as to which of his othor
operas it would resemble. The box-omee
receipts are the most reliable test of a
work having found favor with the pub
lic, and these have averaged for the first
nine performances, with the three first
devoted almost entirely to the pres>
francs 50 centimes for each performance,
and the house booked in advance. Much of
the success of the opera is due to Mme.
Calve, who created tho role of Fanny
(Sapho). Arthur Pougin. the French
critic, writes: 'The success was brilliant
—success for the composer and for his
interpreters, Mme. Calve at the head. I
MLLE. EMMA CALVE of the Opera Comifjue as Sapho.
have already said what she was. She not
only Bang 1 , but composed tho trying role
of Fanny as a truly great artist, showing
Herself to be a clever comedian, supple,
surprisingly varied and full of power, and
at tho same time an Inspired singer of
the first order. One. could not be too
prodigal In praising this talent, so com
plete, so rich and so true. How she was
feted! what bravos! what recalls! what
Reclamations I" Le Petit Journal says:
"Mile. Emma Calve seems born to inter
pret passionate roles. Grand, superb,
with beautiful black eyes, which seem to
I! i^h tire; a high forehead under thick.
Jet Mack hair, she did the drama itself.
On the stage she was the most ardent.
"Who could believe now that at her ueDut
she was the coldest of singers, gauche
and considered to be without any dra
matic talent? Ail at once she set out for
Italy, where she went to create 'Caval
leria Rustlcana,' and when she came
back she was completely transformed.
She made that evident in 'Carmen,' in
'La Navarraise.' nnd finally in 'Sapho.'
Conscientious to the last point, she care
fully studies the smallest detail of her
roles, and afterward renders them with
astonishing fidelity. She is a marvelous
artist. She is also an excellent woman,
simple In her tastes, charitable to those
who suffer; in a word, a voice and a
heart of gold."
Apropos to the present rrnze for pro
gramme music. It Is interesting to see
what Rubinstein says on the subject: "I
had a strange dream. I found myself in
a temple, where all the different Instru
ments of the orchestra had met together,
when the piano, with an arrogant air,
advanced and requested to be allowed to
enter. The Instruments made it submit
to a rigorous eXcimination and execute
after them different melodies and series
of chords, after which they finished by
declaring that it was not of their famiiy.
The piano at tirst felt very much re
buffed, and began to cry; but, taking
courage all at once, it declared with pride
that it was a whole independent orches
tra by itself, and did not require the other
Instruments. These, very much provoked,
sent it out of the room. I have endeav
ored to render this dream musically in
my third concerto (in G major). I had
also intended to give an explicative 'pro
gramme,' but persuaded that in this kind
of composition one auditor hears one
thing while another comprehends some
thing quite different, I have finally re
nounced trying to express the plan of my
compositions." Wise Rubinstein! It re
minds one of the piece of music which
was written to express an Englishman
changing his religion, quitting his coun
try and leaving his umbrella behind him.
And his horror when it began to rain!
A writer In the Menestrel speaks In the
folowing terms of Alphonse Daudet, the
celebrated novelist: "We need not re
trace the grand literary career of the
poet-novelist who has Just disappeared
so suddenly, torn from the admiration of
the world, an irreparable loss to France.
But we must not forget that two of his
iinest works have served the genius of
two of our most celebrated musicians.
First, the 'Arlessiene.' on which Bizet
threw the first rays of his glorious youth,
and yesterday this 'Sapho,' by which
Massenet has continued in so happy a
manner the musical series of his great
works. It was this last which led us to
revisit Daudet, whom we had lost sipht
of for many years. He was seated before
his desk, still with the beautiful Christ
like head of his early years, but the
abundant hair and wavy beard were
streaked with silver threads. 'Ah, good
day, friend; how goes the old house?'
And the conversation continued as if
twenty-five years had not elapsed since
It commenced. It is only in Paris such a
thing could happen. Twenty-five years
In the agitated and preoccupied life we
lead Is like a drop of water In the ocean.
And all at once death arrives. We know
each other, often love each other; have
the tame sympathies and the same
esteem, and there is scarcely time to see
each other or to say what one feels. The
only hope is in the hereafter."
Tn Germany there has lately been pub
lished a series of documents upon the
music at the court of Weimer, in the
seventeenth century, which have never
been printed before and which is very
curious. The first chapel of the court was
constituted in 1593. It comprised a chapel
master, two instrumentalists, a violinist
and a hue player and eleven singers, of
which three were soprano, two were con
tralto, three tenors and three basses. The
master of the chapel, who was named
Hans Heroldt, received annually 57 florins
(about ISO francs) with an extra florin
a week for his food, and besides that, 9
florins* in summer and six in winter for
his clothes. And lastly, so that he might,
on occasion, treat his musicians hospit
ably, he was allowed six measures of
grain, three barrels of beer, some game
and some wood. Quite a patriarchal ar
rangement. The pay of the musicians
varied from 20 to 30 florins a year; one
only, one of the contraltos, named Kusch
ler, was better paid, and received 52
florins, doubtless on account of her ex
ceptional talent: and this one, as well as
three of her companions, received, like the
chapel master, one florin a week for food.
A sad condition of affairs seems to be
reigning in London at present. In a let
! ter from John F. Runclman, the London
critic, the following passage occurs: "For
two or three years every musical soul has
been oppressed by the number of tickets
he has been asked to take as a favor.
A musical critic Is sometimes appalled
when he finds himself in possession of
j tickets for a dozen concerts on one day;
but fancy the state of mind of the ordi
nary amateur who has had the tickets
sent him, generally through a friend, and
who has to rack his brains for an ex
cuse for being so rude as not to attend!
And the last result of all this is that nowa
days no one will pay to go to a recital of
any sort. The public has been pauperized
by free concerts! It is scarcely fair to
place the entire blame for this state of
affairs on the shoulders of the piano man
ufacturers. There are others in search
of advertisment— singers, players, recit
ers—and these will buy seats if they are
permitted to perform."
The fight over the fortune left by
Brahms still rages, and the number of
claimants increases. Hamburg and Vien
na both lay claim to it, the former be
cause he was born there, and the latter
because he spent nearly all his life there,
and on that account had forfeited his
German nationality. The Senate of Ham
burg proposes, in case of being put in
possession of the money, to devote a part
of it to erect a vast monument to the
composer, in one of the public places of
the city. Here is certainly a bizarre pro
ject. It appears that a great city,
wishing to honor a citizen, in
whom it takes much glory, is willing that
he himself shall pay the price of the
glorification.
George Thatcher, the minstrel of Prim
rose and .West fame, has become a boni
face. He is proprietor of the "Maple-in
the-Pines," an Elizabeth (N. J.) hostelry.
The house-warming of the Maple-ln-the-
Pines took place last week.
Henry Russell, who will be remembered
by the elder generation, celebrated his
elghty-flfth birthday on Christmas day,
and there will be many who will be glad
to hear that the veteran composer of
"Cheer, Boys, Cheer," "Woodman Spare
That Tree," "The Ivy Green," "The Old
Arm Chair," and other once popular
melodies, is still In excellent health.
"Willis E. Baeheller is planning to In
augurate a series of song recitals to be
given at his home, 1417 Clay street, the
first of which will be on the evening of
January 28. His programme will consist
of works by Boston composers, and on
subsequent occasions he will take up the
works of other Americans known to the
musical world. Assisting Mr. Bacheller
will be five of his pupils— Miss Flora May
Bristol. Miss Mlndell F. Dreyfuss and
Miss Mary B. Morse, sopranos; Duncan
E. Smith, barytone, and Henry A. Melvin,
basso. Mrs. Carmichaol-Carr will also as
sist. It will be exclusively an invitation
affair. The programme In full will be as
follows: Bullard (a) "Beams from Yon
der Star," Beach (b) ".Mono," Mr. Bach
eller; Beach (a) "Night," (b) "Fairy Lul
laby." Miss DnytOM* ', Foote (a) "I'm
TV— ling Aw. i," Johns (l>> "Where
Blooms the Hose," Mr. Smith; Chadwick
(a), "Dear Love When in Thine Arms,"
Foote (b) Irish folk songr. Miss Morse:
Bullard, "Hero's a Health to Thee.-Rob
erts." Mr. Mel\in: Cria.iwlck (a) "Sweet
Wind That Blows," (b) "The Danza,"
Miss Bristol; I'hiulwlck (a) "As In Waves
Without Number," (b) "Was I Not
Thine?" Mr. Smith; Chadwick (a) "The
Columbine," (b) "O. Let Night Speak of
Me," Foote (c) "Memnon," Miss Morse;
Chadwick, "Bedouin Love Song," Mr.
Melvin: Chadwick, "Sweetheart, Thy Lips
Are Touched With Flame," Mr. Bacheller.
"Varsity Football" is the title of a
striking and tuneful march by Gertrude
Voorheis, daughter of Senator Voorheis
of Amador. This pretty composition has
Just been issued and has already reached
a high degree of popularity among local
musicians, who declare it to be a very
meritorious and clever bit of work. It
has all the dash and swing of Sousa's
marches. The melodies are catchy, and
judging from the amount of praise that
has been lavished on it it is destined to
be one of the successes of the season.
FAREWELL TO FATHER SCANLAN.
Editor San Francisco Call: The parish
loners of Sacred Heart parish of North
Temescal would thank you for the use
of your columns to tender to Father Mar
tin P. Scanlan this proof of their affec
tion.
Rev. Martin P. Scanlan, now pastor of
the parish of Dixon, has been our as
sistant pastor for the past three years.
A big man with a big heart, he has en
deared himself to everybody, from the
old man to the little child, as the expres
sions of love and regret prove. Loving
and sympathetic to a fault, he has scat
tered among the sick and the poor un
der his care a good part of the small
salary he received. The splendid success
of our late fair was in no small part duo
to his efforts, and when lately our house
of worship was destroyed by fire he ex
cited our admiration by his energy in
getting means to rebuild our temple of
God.
Our Archbishop has taken him away
from us and given him a larger field of
action by making him pastor of the par
ish of Dixon. The change was sudden and
unexpected and few of us could shake
hands with him before he left.
Therefore, Father Scanlan, through the
Gall, we wish you GorJ speed. May God
grant you health and strength in your
new labors and crown them with success.
May your new parishioners appreciate
your great zeal and kindness, as do
THE PARISHIONERS OF THE SA
CRED HEART CHURCH OF NORTH
TEMESCAL.
c CARD OF THANKS.
Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir: Ths
sorrowing parents, brothers and sisters of
the young man Edgar Allen Miller, who
recently died at the pesthouse in your city
from typhus fever, as stated at the post
mortem examination, desire to tender,
through your columns, *heir deep and
heartfelt sympathy with the bereaved rel
atives of the brave, self-sacrificing hero
nurse William Hawkins, who so nobly
volunteered to nurse our beloved boy; also
to the doctors, nurses and friends", who,
as we are informed, did all in their power
to relieve his sufferings and master the
disease. "We also thank your paper for
the notices made of the case from day to
day. and its showing the great wrong
done in taking him from the room in St.
Luke's Hospital, for which he was pay
ing, and placing him in surh ill-condi
tioned quarters as to preclude any pros
pect of recovery.
"We are pleased to learn that the health
authorities caused all of his clothing and
effects to be burned. Through this let
ter we hope to hear from other kind
friends in San Francisco, for which wo
will be ever grateful. Thanking you for
this publication, I am faithfully yours,
R. E. MIT/LKR.
Stane House. Beer, near Axminster, Dev
onshire, England.
December 30, 1597.
THE SEX OF. TME ANGELS.
San Francisco, Jan. 17. IS9B.
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: In
your last Saturday's issue, last page, in
giving a description of the Breon arch,
you have the following: "On the main
passage is a figure of the guardian angel
of heaven itself spreading her divine in
fluence over the whole structure, etc."
Now, as a matter of fact, the Bihle
everywhere speaks of the angels as he
longing to the male sex. In the last chap
ter of DaniPl, first verse, is the follow
ing: "At that time shall Michael, the
great prince (i. c., the Archangel), stand
for his people," etc. In Revelation, chap
ter twelfth, seventh verse, is the follow
ing: "And there was a war in heaven.
Michael (the Archangel) and his angels
fought," etc. Michael is the protector of
Germany. Tours truly.
CHARLES NIEMETZ.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
COPPER CENT— R. R. C, Sacramento,^
Cal. A copper cent of 1839 does not com- I
mand a premium.
TRANSPIRATION-G. M., City. As
the trouble you complain of is the result
of conditions you should consult a first
class physician.
THE CLAUS SPRECKELS BUILD
ING—J. S., Keswick, Shasta County, Cal.
The height of the Claus Spreckels build
ing at the corner of Third and Market
streets, in San Francisco, is 327 feet to
the top of the lantern on the dome.
SAMOA NAVAL DISASTER— S.. City.
The disaster at Samoa which destroyed a
number of vessels occurred March 15-1(5,
ISS9. The American warships Trenton,
Vandalia and Nlpsic and the German
warships Olga, Adler and Eber were
wrecked.
THE POSTOFFICE— W. S., City. To
secure a position in the postofflce out- "
side of chief clerk and cashier or laborer
the applicant must take a civil service
examination. Application blanks can be
had from the Postmaster's clerk at the
Postoflice.
MARIE BARBERI— A. G.. Plan de
Drla, Italy. Marie Barberi, who wan
sentenced to be electrocuted in New
York in ISPS for the murder of her lover,
had, through Susan B. Anthony and
other prominent women, her sentence
commuted to imprisonment for life.
A FEDERAL EMPLOYE— A. J. M..
City. The Collector of the Port would
undoubtedly have the right to dismiss
from the service a man in his depart
ment if it were proven that he had been
adjudged by a court of competent Juris
diction of having defrauded a person of
several hundred dollors.
Gulllet'a potato, filbert cake. 905 Larkln.
■♦ ■ —
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's.*
—•-« v.
Special information supplied dally tcP
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 610 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. • t
British antiquaries are exclaiming with
Indignation against Lord Tankerville.who
contemplates pulling down the old Peel
Tower at Doddington, in Northumber
land. This Is one of the few perfect Peel
towers, and It has a most picturesque ap
pearance, with a good parapet and a fine
staircase. t _
—■ ♦ ■
THE Genuine "BROVTX'S Brosch,'al TROCHES'*
are sold only In boxes. They are wonderfully
effective for Coughs and Throat Troubles.
Nothing contributes more to digestion than
the use of Dr. Siegeut's Axgostcka Bittehs.
See that you get the genuine.
Major Drury, who lives at a historical
old seat on the James River, a few miles
below Richmond, was a schoolfellow and
personal friend of, Edgar Allan Poe.
During the poet's short and sad lifo
Major Drury was his stanch friend, and.
although poor himself at that time, h©
often helped him iinanciallly. He says
that Poe was not a drunkard, as has
often been charged, but, on the contrary,
seldom drank spirituous liquors.
NEW TO-DAY.
HOT BISCUIT
and cakes made
with Royal Bak-
ing Powder are
anti-dyspeptic.HONORS TO PRESIDENT DOLE
Hawaii's Executive Conducted Through the Presidio Fortifications by General Shafter and a Detachment
of United States Troops.
President Polo of Hawaii has began tho
last stage of his journey to Washington
In the interest of annexation, bearing
with him.- ' pleasant memories
of his brief sojourn In San Francisco.
Accompanied by Beveral members of his
Buite, tho President departed on the Cen
tral overland at G o'clock last evening and
DISEiIBARKING FROM THE GEN. McDOWELL AT THE WHARF.
"will go direct to the national capital
he will confer with President Mc-
Kinley and others in regard to the plac
ing of the island republic in the ki
of Uncle Sam.
The last day of President Dole's stay in
this city was .1 busy one and Included a
round of visits and entertainments be
ginning in the morning and continuing al
most to the time of his departure for the
Kast. The first event was the trip to
the Presidio and the inspection of the
fortifications on the bluffs overlooking the
Golden Gate. It was a perfect day for
euch a trip ar.d the visitors enjoyed it to
the fullest extent. During this jaunt.
President Dole v;as the guest of General
Shaffer and the army officers stationed
in this vicinity. The Government launch
General McDowell started from the Clay
street wharf at f:-4r> a. m., havincr on
board b> sides President Dole and Colonel
J. H. Fisher, of the Hawaiian I
Major C. P. lukea, A. D. C. and secretary
BULLETIN
MEN WERE
ARRESTED
Crothers and Older
Charged With
L-ibel.
Called to Account for Its
Story Concerning the
Divorce in Utah.
Heavy Damage Suits May Also
Be Filed by Isaac Trumbo
Soon.
RESULT OF A FAIRY STORY.
The Plaintiff Very Murth in Earnest
and in « Mood to Tike Fur
ther A>;t'lOM.
Since it was exposed in its attempt to
bunko the business men of San Fran
cisco the Bulletin has seemed to be
utterly reckless. Having no charac
ter to protect it appears to have for
gotten that others do have characters.
Thus it has been conducted into the
Police Court on a charge of criminal
libel. Isaac Trumbo is the complain
ing witness. Warrants were served
yesterday on Richard A. Crothers and
Fremont Older, who, in that unfeeling
document, are spoken of as editors,
proprietors and publishers. There is
no reasonable doubt that the Bulletin
has a proprietor and a publisher, but
symptoms of its having an editor are
meager. However, this point has noth
ing to do with the story.
to th« President, and Dr. Day, also of
President pole's staff, the following gen
tlemen ami ladies: Brigadier-General
Shafter, Adjutant-General "Witcher, Colo
nel Miller, Colonel and Mrs. Babcock.
Colonel and "Mrs. Middleton, Major and
Mrs. Groesbeck, Major and Mrs. Field,
Major Davis, Captain Baldwin, Lleuten-
r.nts Miley and Nolle, LJ<
M. Btoney, U. B. N., representing •
Admiral Kirkland, Mr. and Mrs. Irving
M. Scott, 11. E. Huntingdon, M
McKlttrick and Gordan.
. the bay to tho Presidio
•; accomplished and
the distinguished visitor was re<
with all the honors due his rank. Drawn
up on the wharf was Com;. any A. Pint
I'nitt-d Stat. .5 Infantry, Captain Brant
commanding, and t ; .- splendid band of
that regiment. To tho left of the wharf
and almo.--- of the shore.
Light Battery C, Third United Btati
tilley, Captain Califf, wa., Btatloned, its
four field pieces thundering out a
of twenty-one guns as the boat touched
the dock. Drawn up in line at the shore
end of the wh. roop C, Fourth
:y, Captain Gale, ready to escort the
visitors around tin' reservation.
The gangplank was run out and then
rred the only bit of comedy that
With many an allegation shrouded
in legal verbiage, but comprehensible
after close inspection and a lopping
away of useless terms, Mr. Trumbo af
firms that the Bulletin as represented
in the distinguished persons named
above published a "false, unprivileged,
malicious and defamatory libel." Thus
far the complaint excites no surprise,
but when it continues by asserting that
all this was don.- "in the English lan
guage," the tendency to take issue is
hard to repress. The Bulletin may
with fair show of reason be ae*
of doing almost anything but using the
English language. On this contention
it may rest a defense hard to shatter.
Yet there are other allegations. The
men arrested are accused "f printing
matter tending and intended to im
peacfa the "honesty, integrity, virtue
and reputation" of Mr. Trumbo and
expose him to "hatred, contempt, ob
loquy and ridicule." ■
The entire matter grows out of the
fairy story constructed by the even
ing sheet out of a rumor that Mr.
Trumbo had been sued for divorce. It
not only made this declaration, but
went into details which were new to
both principals and their lawyers. The
divorce suit had not been filed, there is
no assurance that any will be filed al
h such action is expected, yet the
tin ndi only reported thf> filing,
but gave reasons. Incidentally it tacked
cm a life of Trumbo which lacked the
important element of truth. It mado
of him a Mormon who had misman
aged church property and fallen from
favor and affluence. It had his wife
charging him with cruelty, and alto
gether it enjoyed itself In a manner
thoroughly P.ulletinese.
The real status of th" Trumbo family
Bet forth in The Call and proved
to be nothing startling.- interest in 11
arising largely from the fact that it
controvert* d the gossip which had in
■ l th<- Bulletin office and there been
seised upon as news.
"This evening paper haa persist
ently given me mean digs, and has Col
lowed me unjustly for the past two
years and their lust attack was some
thing I could not let go by without
an answer," said Mr. Trumbo. "I in
tend to press this caso to the end and
have instructed my attorneys to bring
about a hearing of it as soon as pos-
Bibie— -to-morrow would suit me better.
I intend to Institute further proceed
ings against this paper.
"As regards my position with the
Mormon church and people it was that
of being'wfth them when I was young.
I was never a member of their faith.
I was attracted to th<-m as they
seemed to jiv to be the under persons
in a fight with a lot of carpet bag poli
ticians who were bringing about dis
order and trouble in this country
among a people I believed to be honest.
"For this sympathy, and sympathy
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1898.
ruffled the eiHirn stately military proceed
ings. As President Dole stopped on the
'.ink the band struck up "Our
dent," in accordance with the pre
scribed regulations, and at its conclusion
LA ut.-nant Noble, who had been detailed
by General Shafter to attend the Presi
dent during his stay in this city, re
quested the loader to play the Hawaiian
national hymn. The musician replied th.tt
he had the old national hymn that did
t.rvice for the Royalists, but nothing
that had been adopted since the republic
had been established. The officer bore
this embarrassing bit of information to
Mr. Dole and was told that the same old
hymn was still in use. Lieutenant Noble
rushed back to the bandmaster and or
dered the hymn played, which was done
and serenity reigned once more.
Carriages were in waiting and the en
tire party was driven out to the fortifi
cations and the rifled, dynamite and
mortar batteries inspected. Blank
charges woro fired from one of the dyr.a-
L-iins to illustrate its workings, and
the visitors expressed surprise and admi
ration at the extent of the fortifications
of the harbor. Lack of time pr<
any stop at the barracks, and I
D direct to the wharf, another
salute of twenty-one guns greeting Presi
dent Dole.
A - tho little steamer started on the
trip back to Clay-street wharf General
Shafter conducted hi* pnost Into the
cabin, -where light refreshments wore
served. The general proposed the health
of President Dole, to which Irving M.
prott respond) A. He welcomrfl the dis
sh< d visitor to the United E
and to S:m Francisco, and wished him
complete success of bis mission, saying
that lie believed comparatively fe-w real
ised the necessity of the Hawaiian Isl
ands becoming a part of the United
States.
at Dole returned his thanks for
for friends who had been attacked I
went t-> the rescue. I never received a
cent from the Mormon people nor the
Mormon church.
"As to the so-called Amelia Pa
it was my home. I leased it from the
United States Government, and
it up and put it in repair at my own
expense. The Mormon church had
nothing to do with it at that i
"As to th< !r charge of cruelty it, by
the way. was never Oil d. and I rik-ss
none of my friends nor the lady her
self would ever charge me with such
an act. This is the first time in my
life I ever asked to have a man ar
rested, even though I have been many
times wronged.
"I cannot explain the animus of the
article in this paper unless it origi
nated at the time of the sale of the
Bulletin. I was in court at th" time
and instructed Charles M. Shortridge
to bid SPAOOO for the same, and possibly
Mr. Crothers" thought the price was
run up on him without any intention
on my part to buy. This is the way I
can account for the paper's feelings
toward nrV
There is naturally pome curiosity of
a moderate port as to the line of de
fense to be advanced. Some surmise
that the prisoners will dony that they
have anything to do with a newspa
per, an allegation hard t.. combat.
Tlvy may r load that no barm could
have followed publication in tho Bul
letin, whither hies tho man who
morally bound to publish something,
yet does not desire it to be seen. Or
that section of the complaint that de
clares the objectionable matter t.> have
been printed in English may furnish a
loophple through which two trembling
prisoners can crawl to liberty.
The men have been released on ball.
Chnmpnftne Imports in 18ft7.
Custom-hou*« statistics show that 72.775 rasta
of G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry were Imported
l>fin»r 42,293 cases more than any other liran.l!
As now Imported It is dry and remarkably fine.*
The Laguna Club Reorganizes.
The I^aguna Club has born reorganized
by prominent Democrats living in the
Thirty-seventh Assembly District. Tho
club was first organized In IM<2, and after
the campaign of 1594 went out of exist
ence. The following officers will look
after the interests of the reorganization:
President. Samuel Nichols; vle7-rp ros j;
dent. George Botcher; recording secre
tary, James Burns: financial secretary
T. Mahoney: treasurer, Patrick McCann;
serpeant-at-arms, J. P. Donohue; ex
ecutive committee— Martin Huprhes E
Barrett, A. Botcher, E. J. Moffltt and R
Carberry. The club will meet 1
Monday nipht until after the coming
campaipn in MrCann's Hall, on tho cor
ner of Fell and Laguna streets.
The fao-aimile srf st** "* *• on ever 7 wrapper
signature of wStf^r^^^ of CABTOEIA.
the expressions of kindness to himself
and goodwill to his country, and then tho
time was passed in social chat until the
wharf was reached.
President Dole and his party were Im
mediately driven to the Pacific-Union
Club, where Mayor Phelan entertained
them at luncheon. Covers were laid for
twenty, the President having the seat of
honor at the right of the Mayor. Sev
eral toasts were offered and Mr. Dole
briefly referred to his mission to the
United States.
Soon after his return to his hotel Claus
Spreckela paid a visit to his old friends,
President Dole and wife. The friendship
existing between Mr. Spreckels and the
Doles was formed many years ago in
Hawaii, and questions of Island politics
there and public policy here have never
dulled the kindly sentiments then estab
lish. <1.
At the islands Mr. Spreckels was known
to his many friends as Colonel Spreckels,
and so he was greeted yesterday by the
I'resident and Mrs. Dolt? !n the old-fash
warm-hearted way. The visit was
delightful in many respects and afforded
Mrs. Dole quite as much pleasure as it
gave to her distinguished husband. In
the midst of the packing and prepara
tions for the Eastern Journey they talked
of old times in Hawaii, of mutual friends
and acquaintances, bat ncvor touched In
the slightest degree the subject of island
■ : ment. It was not decided until a
late hour Tuesday that Mrs. Dole would
accompany her husband to Washington.
In preparing for the journey she was not
equal to the task of going to the Presidio
-day with General Shatter's party.
Soon after 0 o'clock Mr. Dole, accom
panled by the members of his suite, was
driven to the ferry and crossed the bay
n half hour before the regular boat con-
X with hla train. Only Major lukea
and Dr. Day will make the overland
jviiirney with him. the- others remaining
in this" city until his return.
WHY RAINEY
IS HUSTLING
A Sudden Call to the
State Central Com
mittee.
It Forebodes Things to Fearful
Raineyltes Here
abouts.
The Local Split May Make Business,
und Forty-Two Members
May Go.
The long roll was sounded yesterday
by Sum Ralney and his faction of the
local Democracy when they happened
to learn that a meeting of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee had
been called by Chairman Alford for a
week frotn next Saturday at 11 a. m.,
in this city.
The alarm manifested was due to a
fear and belief that the call foreboded
an effort on the part of the antl-Ralney
forces to take a hand in the local Dem
ocratic mesa by "purifying" the party
machine through setting the Sullivan
Democracy above the Rainey machine.
The fact that the discovery of the call
was accidental was due to the fact that
no individual notices were issued to
members. The call was promulgated
solely by publishing it rather obscure
ly in Tuesday's issue of the Examiner.
Not many learned of the unexpected
call on Tuesday. It was late yesterday
afternoon when Sam Rainey learned of
it, and within twenty minutes James
A. Fenton and others had been posted
off to see Major Harney and others,
and by closing time Raineyites were
chasing to the police court offices of
John F. McGovern and Robert L.
Mann.
The specific purposes of the meeting
as they exist in Chairman Alford's
mind are not generally understood by
members of the committee. The call
says simply:
"Business of importance to the party
is to be transacted, and it is hoped that
there will be full meeting of the com
mittee. This method of calling a meet
ing of the committee is employed as
being the surest way to reach all the
members."
"The meeting is probably to reaffirm
the principles of Jeffersonian Democ
racy," said a prominent member-at
large.
If that were it, Ram Rainey wouldn't
have to hustle. Whatever business of
this high importance may come up the
particular interest in what may be
coming is due to the prospect that an
effort will be made to declare vacant
and perhaps fill the seats of forty-two
of the 128 members who did not pay
that $30 campaign assessment last year.
This is one of the clubs which it has
long been rumored would be used on
the Raineyltes. Most of these delin
quents are country members, and Rai
ney might not be able to call a major
ity friends, but it would throw out
eight San Francisco members who are
very active Raineyites. and most of
them place holders. The removal of
forty-two members and the appoint
ment of forty-two new ones by an anti-
Rainey majority would be a swift blow
at the Rainey machine.
Another thing to be feared is the
formal recognition by resolution or
otherwise of the Sullivan Democracy
or the regular local machine. If
the primary law survives another
Supreme Court ordeal, as it is being
assumed it will, future party commit
tees will be chosen by the conventions
elected under that law, but such an in
dorsement of the Sullivan Democracy
would give it a prestige with Demo
cratic voters at the primary.
So the probability of the local party
split coming before the committee
makes local interest In the meeting
keen, and so the Rainev leaders yester
day began busily figuring up their
strength.
"I have no knowledge of what will
come before the meeting," said Major
P. J. Harney. chairman of the Rainey
Democracy, yesterday, "and do not
know if an attempt to interfere in lo
cal affairs will be made. The outrage
of throwing out forty-two members
might easily result in a new Demo
cratic State Central Committee, com
posed of these and others, who would
go out with them and compose a ma
jority of the committeemen chosen by
the people."
"I don't know what Is coming up,"
sail Max Popper, one of the stalwart
leaders of the Sullivan Democracy,
"but I think the delinquents will he
dropped from the roll. The matter will
necessarily come up o.* roll call at the
start."
Here Is the material and possibility
of a good old fashioned Democratic
meelee. Many efforts will be made to
keep the local squabble out of the com
mittee however.
ANDREE'S BALLOON.
Swedish Consul Replies to the
National Geographical Society
at Washiogton.
The account which appeared In The Call
of December 2<> must have excited con
siderable interest in scientific circles.
Judging mm the inquiry addressed to the
Swedish Consul in this city by the Na
tional Geographical Society. The tele
gram reads as follows:
"To Henry Lund, Swedish Consul. San
Francisco: The American Minister at
Stockholm refers me to you concerning
Andree's balloon seen in British Columbia
August 17. A full reply is wanted by
telegraph, and renly paid.
'GRAHAM BELL,
"President National Geographical Society,
Washington.**
Mr. Lund, wh^n seen last night, said
that he had immediately replied to the
telegram and the information contained
therein was mainly a synopsis of the
article published in The Call last month.
He said that the request for information
In repard to Andree's balloon, coming as
it does from so prominent a source, would
indicate that the venture of the daring
explorer and his companions was regard
ed as of great scientific moment, ana any
further news of their movements will be
eagerly looked for.
A Professional pootrace.
Several thousand dollors changed hands
on a foot race that took place at Sacra
mento on Tuesday between W. Li. Hey
ward of Oregon and Albert Shooks of
Fresno. It was a 100-yard dash and was
won by the Oregonian by one foot in
10 1-5 seconds. The race was decided on
a muddy track and the time consequent
ly was remarkably good. Doubtless the
runners gave fictitious names. There are
at present a few Eastern "track burn
ers" sojourning on this coast.
QUANTITIES OF
. MEN AND WOMEN
; Would use whiskey— which is
acknowledged by physicians
to be the most healthful drink
that can be taken in modera-
tion—if they were positive
they could get just what they
require and just what they
could depend upon. When,
therefore, the government of
the United States by its off icial
stamp guarantees "0. F. C."
Whiskey to be 100 per cent
proof, hosts of people have no
longer cause for hesitation. It
is gratifying to observe that
the best people in the com-
munity are beginning the use
of this healthful distillation
"0. F. C," which is every
day increasing in popularity.
ELY'S CREAM liAT.M Is a positive euro.
Apply into the nostrils- It la quickly absorbed. 60
cents at Drmrrfsts or by mail ; samples 10c by mail.
ELY BROTIIEKS, 68 Warren St.. New York City.
NEW TO-DAY.
L-Tvj^^ "*" IN THE KLONDIKE, "v
. i^/\^ j A Winchester Repeating Rifle
/_^______fij__jp!— -^ is a great law in itself. -It will protect you and
aMfivSl^^fcLr^ help fill your larder. Send name and address on
! f^HS&fSlsll I'M a postal card for i4S-page illustrated catalogue.
i ____HE___________^______________ r->^~j______pr ->^~j______p T t is free
aJKJj^I Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
jC**^r"t*v^l 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
fStfDIANDIS COITIOB a CS MMH »«*«•»»
LAST 4 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Unlimited Laugh Launcher,
THE MAN FROM MEXICO!
EXTRA! SEATS £ E^ DV . '|
Edward E. Rice's Superb Spectacle,
THE GIRL
FROM PARIS
It Is to Laugh.
Presented by a company of leading artists.
OPENING NIGHT NEXT MONDAY.
fRICOLANOER OOT7iOßaC*uk&u»&/wuun
Telephone Main 1731.
The laughter begins
When the curtain arises.
And the three acts that follow
Are full of surprises.
All This and Next Week!
Rich and Harris' Comedy Company, headed by
Marie Dressier and John C. Rice, in
John J. McNally's Latest,
COURTED INfoTCOORL
Seats now selling for next week.
Coming— PATTI'S TROUBADOURS.
The Musical Sensation of the Day !
•' THE KNABEN-KAPELLE,
40 LITTLE NATURAL-BORN MUSICIANS.
RICE & ELMER, Comedy Athletes: CAR-
TER DE HAVEN, Diminutive Comedian; AL-
MONT & DUMONT. High-class Musical Spe-
cialists; KNIGHT ASTON. Australian Tenor
Robusto; PROP. GALLANDO, Lightning Clay
Modeler; PATRICI & CO., and others.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box seats. 60c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mus. Ernestine Kkelixg, Proprietor & Manager
EVERY EVENING!
A Superb Success,
The Romantic Comic Opera,
BRIAN BORU.
Enlarged Chorus Augmented Orchestra.
BEAUTIFUL SOLOS.
Soul-Stirring Ensembles and Finales.
The Most Perfect Production of Years.
• Popular Prices £5c ana 50c
ALCAZAR 6eatB phone
r±l—4\J r\Z^J-\r\ Main 254.
"HAVE HIT 'EM AGAIN."
THE DOUBLE BILL A SUCCESS.
. At B:ls— ing's Drama In One Act. .
".A. :m:.ajxfs love!"
At 9 Sharp— Bouclcault's Roaring Farce,
" FORBIDDEN FRUIT."
Matinee Saturday.
Next Week— "The Arabian Nights."
JUBILEE MATINEE— MONDAY.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Magnificent Presentation of the Great War
• Drama,
"THE BLUE AND THE GRAY!"
Beautiful Patriotic Scenes and Tableaux. The
Acme Quartet In War and Camp Songs. A
Strong Cast, New Scenic and Mechanical
Effects. A thrilling story of the struggle for
the Union.
Evening prices— loc. 25c and COc.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Saturday and Sunday Nights, January 22
and 23, "SULAMITA."
Monday Evening, January 24, Jubilee Day,
by special request our greatest success, "KOL
NIDRE."
CHIQUITA !
-IS THE
MARVEL OF THE /\GE I
SMALL AND SMILING.
THE TINY TOT. ; r'i
Daily Receptions at ths
- CHUTES !
Afternoon and. Evening, RAIN OR SHINE.
10c to all, Including Vaudeville; Children. 60.
{RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB—
Winter Meeting-, IS'JT-9S. Beginning MONDAY
January 10 to January 22, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES . " JH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M.
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30. 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. M.,
connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry - tickets to Shell
Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Vrack at 4:15
and 4:45 P. M., and immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS 7R.. President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK,
Howard st., between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC.
Open dally from 9:30 a, m. to 12 m. ; 2 to 4:30
p. m. ; 7 to 10 p. m. General Admission. 10c;
Gents' Skates. 15c; Ladles" Skates. Free.
I PERFECTION. :. PREVAILS 1
f CUISMtSERYICEI
. v— IN THE— *
1 LADIES' GRILL*
! PALACE. 1
* Direct Entrance from Market Street $ *
K3WI DR. BALL'S REINYIGORATOR
i^n'MH Five hundred reward for any cas«i
|p» l"*|iwe cannot cure. . This secret remedy
SDR. losses in 24 hours, cured
Five hundred reward for any caa«
Re cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all loeses In 24 hours, cured
BjCj . IF3£| Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele,
nvH Hvni Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
Plm& MSd^ 1 Manhood and all wasting ef'
W^SaJISHI f ects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
k*££Z££33 sealed $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar
! anteedtocure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. CaL Also
for sale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All pri-
i vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
AT AUCTION
-BY-
SHAINWALD, BDCKBEE & CO.
Salesroom— 2lS and 210 Montgomery streeu
Mills Building.
PROBATE SALE
TUESDAY,
Tuesday January 25, 1898,
At U O'clock, Noon.
By order of Public Administra-
tor A. C. FREESE, Esq.
REFim: PARTITION SALE.
W. L. Harper, Referee.
Nos. SIS to 220 Rltch street, west line, 9W
feet south of Bryant street; 10 flats; rents $93;
lot 50x75 feet. _____
ESTATE OFELLEH SLOAN,
Broadway Corner.
E. E. corner Jones and Broadway; lot 47x80
feet, with two frame tenement?; grand marine
view; fiats on this property would pay well.
ESTATE OF DANIEL DRTSCOLL.
Mission and Thirtieth Sts., Extension
Lot.
TVest line Clinton avenue. 300 feet south of
j Berkshire street; lot 23x100; close to San Mateo
electric line.
ESTATE OF~E. S. MATEBIS.
Precita Valley Lot.
South line Prospect place. 230:9 fe»t west of
• Columbia place; lot 20x130 feet to Mary street.
ESTATE OF TrMOTHYT GIBLU. Deceased.
S. E. corner Clay and Leavenworth streets;
lots 35:«xlOO feft: No. 122» LeUvenworth street,
Nos. 1329-1331 Clay street; covered with sub-
stantial threp-story buildings, two stores and
five fiats: solid foundation; excavated base-
: ment; total rents. $13S r,O.
ESTATE OF MARTIN DOUGHERTY.
Ripley Place Dwelling.
North line Ripley place. 225 feet east of Fol-
10m street; lot 50x100 feet, with two-story
house of 4 rooms.
ESTATE OF~bW&ET NEYIN.
People's Homestead.
Lot No. 8, blr>ck No. 11. Silver avenue, near
Railroad avenue; lot 25x75 feet.
ESTATE OFITc. BOMEY.
South side Lot.
East Un» Twenty-eighth avenue. 100 feet
[ south of "J" street; lot 150x120 feet: six lota
I Outside Land Block No. 742; good chance for a
! speculation.
ESTATE OF TORN S. LITTLE.
Sutter-St. Building Lot.
North line Sutter street, 137:6 feet W. of Scott
street; lot So:fi 2-3x164:1 feet: street work don«
and accepted: Putter street cars pass; grand lot
for fiats or residence.
ESTATE OFIOHN TRAPP,
Twenty-fourth Street Residence.
No. 2771 Twenty-fourth street, S. line, 40 feet
east of York street: two-story bay-window
house of 8 rooms and bath; strept paved and
accepted: Howard street cars pass the door;
lot 40x100 feet.
ESTATE OF ELIZABETH KELLY.
Mission Cottages.
Nos. B6 and 58 Merrltt street. N. line, 8«.87
feet E. of Rose street; lot 50.76x68.24 and 70
feet; 2 cottages, 3 rooms each; rents 912; street
macadam; close to Eighteenth street electric
line.
SPEAB-STREET WATER LOT. .
Lot N. E. llr.s Spear street, WA feet N. W.
from Folsom street; 1 block from water front:
splendid lot to Improve; woul<l pay eood In-
come.
ESTATE OF IABYIABm FLM.
Valencia-St. Investment.
Nob. 521 and 521*4 Valencia street, eaHt lln«,
315 feet north of Seventeenth street: lot 82x7i>
feet; store ami two flats of 5 rooms each; rents
$50; street paved and accepted.
ESTATE OF AMASBA DALLAS.
Polk-St. Income Property.
!s~os. 219-219 1 4-219 1 4 Polk street, west line, it
feet south of Fulton street; lot 24xS2Vi feet;
three flats of fi rooms and hath each; rents $50:
this property has a Kreat future: close to Mar-
ket street and the New Ctty Hall.
ESTATE OF LUCILLE HELEN WIELANB.
Elegant Residence Property.
Northeast corner California and Webster
streets: lot 40x132:6 feet, also lot adjoining,
north ltne California street. 30x132:6 feet; street
work all done and accepted by the city.
ESTATE OF MARY S. BRYARLY.
Perry St. Income Property.
No. 218 Perry street, between Fourth and
Fifth streets, Harrison and Bryant; good two-
story house of 7 rooms; rents $15; lot 15x80
feet.
ESTATE OF OWEN CLEMENTS.
Richmond Lot.
East line Eighth avenue, 75 feet south of Cle-
ment street; lot 25x120 feet: street sewered and
macadamized; on line Park branch Sutro elec-
tric road.
: . /i : City Land Association.
Lots 27. 28, 29 and 80 on Ford street, block
No. 11; each lot 25x100 feet; close to Inglesldt
track. • • . .
City Land Association.
Lot 27, block No. 4, Montlcello street; lot 23
sIOO feet; close to Ingleslde track.
People's Homestead.
Lots 14, 15, 16 and 34, block No. 8. on Sweeney
and Hale streets; each lot 25x75 feet. .
People's Homestead.
Lot 20. block No. 4, Gaven street, near King;
lot 25x75 feet.
HIH'IIISIIIHIB
H HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, Aches. Old- Sores, Ulcers ■
In Mouth, Hair-Falling Write COOK REM-
ED V CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE. CHI- ■
CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital M
$500,00 U. Worst cased cured in li to 36 days. ■
100-page book free. ■
gfe^w" We will nerd yon » fWo (6) day trial
r %a p ||| S treatment of the Franco. Kerned)
W WI C. Ft CALTHOS free, (uC.O.»'i) and
' PC-<Sf fl a loual guarantee that Calthoj will
m/F Cfc 1 STOP I>!«ch«r*« and Emissions,
a 1a 1 "Jl uS Cl'RESperniatorrhr3,Varloocele,
m* 'Hl)&B& • «>"» KKSTOKE 1.0.t Visor. *•♦
Hn^J^H It costs you nothing to try »t.
VOnMOhICO. 440 BBol*A»>rifaaAgto.Claehia«U,a
q visit DR. JORDAN'S '«*•*
iglfjß Museum of Anatomy
i^^ 1 1351 1U2SZT ST. bet. sth 7th, B.?. C»L
C .1 1 9 The Largest of ilsk iLdiu the World.
Instil DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
' ltfvßJ cV Consolt«si»« free. VMM for Book
; W I of Marriage.
. * ia -' HAILED rmc.
78
IF the rain will only hold off until after
the Jubilee week; or if it will keep
away at least until after Monday, the
day of days; or if It must come. If it
will but wait until Monday evening— that
Is the most fervent prayer mounting
from the Jubilee headquarters just now.
If the aqueous imp of the skies can only
be persuaded to turn his attention to the
farmers who need his services, to go and
play In the country and leave the city to
sunshine and celebration, the members of
the parade committee, individually and
collectively, will chant a chorus of ho
sannas beside which a brass band will be
silence personified.
The question of weather Is a serious
GRAND INSTRUMENTAL CONCERT
AT WOODWARDS FAVILION.
1 P. M.
First Regiment Band, N. G. C.
Anthem— 'Star Spangled Ban
ner" Key
(a) Intermezzo "Cavalleria Rus
ticana" Mascagnl
(h) '•Caprice" Perlet
Potpourri— "Faust" Gounod
Humoresque— "Arkansas Trav
eler" Williams
(Introducing humorous vnrla,
tions for all the principals of
the hanfi.^
Popular Patrol Cassasa
Descriptive Piece — "A Cavalry-
Charge" Leuders
(Depleting the charge of a
mounted squadron.)
Waltz— "Toujours ou Jamals"
Wald teuf el
Popular Medley Selection.. Boettger
(Introducing the latest popu
lar songs.)
Selection — "Lucia di Lammer
moor'' Donlzet tl
March— "American Republic"
Thiele
GROCERS SPURN
EMMETT DUNN
They Refuse to Affiliate
With San Francisco
Travelers.
An Indirect Result of the War
With the Weighty " In
ner Circle."
J. C. Nobmsnn's Strong Language at
an Election— Trouble Over
a Picnic.
As an Indirect result of the war wa^ed
by Emmett Dunn, president of the San
Francisco Commercial Travelers' Asso
ciation, against the "famous eight" of
the California Commercial Travelers' As
sociation, the committee appointed by the
Retail Grocers' Association to represent
that body on the larger committee com
posed in addition of members of the
•Wholesalers' Association and San Fran
cisco Travelers, which had In mind the
making of arrangements for the big- pic
nic to be held in June, has withdrawn ab
solutely from affiliation with the San
Francisco Travelers.
On Monday evening the larger commit
tee met in B'nai Brith Hall. Here it was
discovered that Dunn, !n harmony with
his previous actions, had taken men off
the sub-committee from the San Fran
cisco Commercial Travelers' Association
because they were members also of the
so-called "Inner circle." The two men
taken off were Charles Fay and A. E.
Green. The two substitutes were C. C.
Miller and Dunn's own brother.
The Retail Grocers' Association was in |
favor of Schuetzen Park as the place of !
holding the big picnic scheduled for
June 8, and the California men would |
have so voted, but Dunn wanted the picnic i
held at El Campo. Realizing that his
two substitutes or lieutenants would vote
for El Campo the Retail Grocers' com
mittee refused to vote. This was a wise j
move, as they would have been defeated
by one vote.
Tuesday evening the San Francisco
Travelers held their semi-monthly |
meeting in the Alcazar building, i
When it • was learned that the
Retail Grocers' committee had with
drawn and absolutely refused to af
filiate longer with the San Francisco
Commercial Travelers considerable con
cern was felt, as the Retail Grocers' As
sociation is one of the most, powerful
commercial organizations in the City. !
Even Dunn had to admit from the chair j
that this was probably so. The grocers' j
committee was composed of John Nob- I
mann, Joseph Stultz, J. J. Hayes, Super- I
visor Lackmann, E. I. Fleiger, Henry j
Rawe and John E. A. Helms.
In plain defiance of the by-laws, so far |
as casting a ballot was concerned, the j
IF THE RAIN WILL
ONLY STAY AWAY.
one and one which each member recog
nizes, but fears to bring up until the last
moment; It Is not stopping preparations,
however, and should the gods be un
propltlous the celebration will not by any
means succumb to the drenching from on
high. The most feasible way out of the
difficulty so far suggested comes from
Mr. Daniels of the parade committee. He
thinks If It rains that every hall in the
city within convenient distance and capa
ble of holding any kind of a crowd,
should be hired for the noon hours of
the day; then a speaker or two speakers,
or If there is a sufficient amount of talent
handy, three or even four speakers, could
be sent to each hall escorted by a brass
band, and from every quarter of the city
the patriotism and enthusiasm which
would have been typified by the parade
and which no amount of water can dam
pen, could be heard and participated In
.by the people, and the celebration could
go along anyway until the exercises in
the afternoon took up the tide of jubila
tion.
The parade will be started by the ap
pearance of an immense figure of Colum
bia, which will be outlined in fire five
hundred feet in the air. It will be formed
by the explosion of a bomb disco
from the corner of Market and Bansome
Street*. As the line moves along its p;ith
will be marked by showers of gold and
silver, serpents "f flame, golden dragons
and turtles and li.-l: ami birds and all the
known beasts of the air and the sea and
the field, and others, too, not so well
known, and seen only on occasions of
trr.-at festivity and celebration, and even
then only by a favored few of the most
roistering celebrants.
"Day fireworks" will be responsible for
this display, and it will bo a safe wager
that the procession will be quite as in
teresting far above the housetops as it
will be down on the street.
There Is another fireworks project on I
foot, but the question of funds is a more [
burning one than any fireworks can call
op, and bo the committee is only talking
of it as yet. Th« idea is to have displays
of fireworks from three of the most
"eight" remain suspended. The by-laws
require that a vote on the question of ]
suspension must be carried by a tvror
thirds majority of all the members on the
roll, but Dunn ruifd that a two-thirds
vote of those present would be legal. He
had blanks already prepared. and it went
through. The men remain suspended. As
n result, the rest of the twenty will re
sign from the S.ni Francisco Commercial
Travelers' Association.
Last nipht the Retail Grocers' Asso
ciation held its annual election of di
rectors at B'nal B'rith Hall. The fol
lowing were elected as directors for
the ensuing year: E. I. Flieper, J. H.
Haarge, E. H. Hanjes, A. Irvine, John
Lackmann, John C. Nohmann, H.
Rawe, John Schloen, William "Warlike
and J. H. Witte.
It was decided hereafter to affiliate
with the California Commercial Trav
elers and to hold a picnic in June in
conjunction with them. J. C. Nob
mann made a speech, in which he de
cared that the split was wholly owing
to the machinations of Emmett Dunn.
"Dunn is the man," declared Nob
mann, "who is not content with the
odium he has acquired in dealing soar
bitrarily with the California Travelers,
but must needs carry his methods into
the grocers' camp. We will have none
of him."
CELESTIAL PREPARATIONS.
Their New Year Almost at Hand\
H Q ve a Week, of pire and
Decorations.
A large crowd visited Chinatown last
evening to watch the preparations now
going on for the new year, which begins
i"xt Friday. I'.ooths had been arranged
all along the sides of the streets and
China lanterns were lighted on all sides.
Chief of Police Lees will in all proba
bility have r» lnrpe force of officers on
hand when the noise begins, and it is ru
mored he will give the Chinese but on«
hour 'n which to fire off rackets and
Other fireworks. The hour In which this
happens will without doubt be exceed
ingly warm. The Chinese are making
more elaborate preparations than were
made* last year, as the police orders were
noted to the letter.
WHO SHOT GARDINER?
The Question Wll! Be Settled
Sooner Than Expected.
The preliminary examination of Adam
Stroh on the charge of burglary was
continued before Judge Conlan yester
day and after Policemen Meagher and
Floyd and Detectives Dillon and Crockett
had given tbelr evidence the prosecution
rested. This brought Attorney J. N. K.
Wilson to Ills feet and he demanded that
the prosecution should piace Frank Mur
phy, the patrol wagon driver, on the
stand as his client had also been charged
with assault to murder for shooting
Gardiner, the stockbroker, when the po
lice knew that Murphy fired the shot.
ProsecutiiiK Attorney Mogan demurred
to calling Murphy, as the assault to mur
der had nothing to do with the burglary
charge. Besides they had a sure case
without Murphy's evidence and he de
clined to have him subpenaed.
Wilson insisted and the Judge ordered
that a subpena be issued for Murphy's
appearance to-morrow, when it v.lll be
shown, who did fire the shot. By that
means the defense experts to get the
charge of assault to murder disposed of
at once.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, TJTCBSDAY, JAXTJABY 20, 1898.
prominent points of th« city— Clay street
hill, Rlncon hill and the Market street
cvt — at which "day fireworks" similar to
those used In the parade can be set off.
Such displays would be most effective
and the cost for a display lasting over
three hours would be but $200 for each
station; but the $(>OO neressary is not in
eight and so the matter is awaiting Its
turn.
There are several other attractive feat
ures awaiting their turns and the tangi
ble assistance tendered by the people to
the finance committee. Children's day,
according to present appropriations must
get along on $500. Thore will be games
for which pome little prizes must be of
fered: them are entertainments to be
planned and provided and there is a
email lunch to be set for the boys and
girls who are at an age when such an en
tentalnment will nppe.il to them mist
strongly. On $500 the prizes must be very
small indeed, the entertainment must be
cut down to almost nothing and the num
ber of hungry children who can be fed
on the remainder could be stowed In the
dining-room of a small flat. The sub
scriptions have so far be^n as good as
could be expected, but there is a great
deal more to b*> done to make the pre
vious subscriptions mopt effective, and
the fato of the general plan cannot be
Jeopardized for the want of money to
provide the minor details.
But clouds and rain cannot interfere
with the goings on beneath the roof of
1848— CALIFORNIA'S GOLDEN JUBILEE— IB9B.
Headquarters Grand Marshal, Palace Hotel.
SAX FRANCISCO, Jan. 23. 1898.
The following announcements are made for the guidance of all participants
In the celebration and the public generally:
GENERAL ORDERS.
1. Aids to the Grand Marshal will report, mounted, at 9 o'clock a. m. to the
chief aid, Colonel John A. Koster, at the Palaca Hotel, New Montgomery street
entrance.
2. AH organizations must be in their assigned positions at 9:30 a. m. ready
to move. All those who fall to be In line when the parade starts will be as
signed to the rear of the last division.
3. Division marshals and their aids will see that the societies belonging to
their divisions are escorted to their proper positions and are promptly formed.
4. The signal to advance will be given by bugle and day rockets at 10:30
o'clock sharp and will be promptly obeyed by each division In Its turn and all
will march in not less than columns of fours.
B. The distance between divisions will be six yards. Division marshals are
particularly requested to maintain that distance.
6. Display movements which have a tendency to retard the progress of the
column are strictly prohibited.
7. All organizations must avoid Market street below Montgomery while en
route to the point of formation and under no circumstances pass either up or
d->wn Market street between Montgomery street and the ferries, and must ap
proach the place in which they form at least two blocks from the rear. This
does not apply to the organizations comprising the first division.
8. The headquarters of the Grand Marshal during the formation of the
divisions will be at the junction of Market, Battery and Bush streets.
9. All carriages will occupy the spfdal places designated for them and will
not be allowed between the divisions. Where there are two or more carriages
they will march two abreast.
10. Xo business or personal advertising will be permitted In the parade,
and all marshals and aids are directed to cause the removal from their divis
ions of all persons who violate this rule.
ROUTE OF THE PROCESSION.
The line of march will be up Market street to Montgomery, down Mort
gomery to Montgomery avenue, up Montgomery avenue to Kearny, Kearny to
Market, out Market to Van Ness avenue, up Van Ness avenue to Jackson,
then countermarch on Van Ness avenue to Golden Gate avenue.
A review will be beld by the Governor and the Grand Marshal at Golden
Gate avenue and Van Xess avenue, after which the parade will be dismissed.
REGALIA OF OFFICERS.
Grand Marshal— Gold silk scarf, blark slouch hat, white horse trappings.
Chief of Staff— Red, white and blue silk scarf, black slouch hat, white sad
dle cloth.
Chief Aid— Red silk sash, black slouch hat, blue saddle cloth.
Special Aids— White silk sash, black slouch hat and white saddle cloth.
Division and Section Marshals— Broad yellow silk sash, white sombreros and
white saddle cloths.
Aids to the Grand Marshal, Division Marshals and Section Marshals—Nar
row yellow Bash and white sombreros and white saddle cloths. All aids will
wear "white lisle-thread gloves and dark coat and trousers. The sash will be
worn from the left shoulder to the right side.
BOLD CRIMES
OF A DARING
BURGLAR
He Robbed His Vic
tims While They
Slumbered.
Two Detectives Scouring
the Barbary Coast
for Him.
Residents of the Mission Apply
to the Police Authorities
for Protection.
KNOWN AS A HARD CROOK.
His Booty Derived From a Life of
Crime Is Estimated at Many
Hundred Dollars.
Two detectives from the Central sat
tion are Bcouring Barbary Coast for
j a burglar who has been operating In
I the Mission. During the past few
i weeks he has entered a number of
\ Italian vegetable gardens on San
, Bruno road and got away with valu
i able property belonging to the owners
,of the gardens. Ills booty has amount
! Ed to several hundred dollars.
Several day% ago the much wanted
burglar entered the house of an Italian
gardener on Mission r>>:nt and asked
for employment. He said he was from
Sacramento, and was In need of work.
He was given a place to sleep in a
cabin set apart for the hired help.
While the other gardeners were asleep
he went through their clothes, secur
ing several watches and a small
amount of money. He immediately
left the place and went to another veg
etable garden several blocks distant.
He told a sorrowful tale of being hun
gry and asked for something to eat.
He again worked the same scheme,
robbing three of the hired help while
they slept.
From a description given of him, the
police are convinced that he Is the man
the old Woodward's Pavilion, and hurry
and bustle tell of the preparations under
way there. The place is full of decora
tors and the carpenter** hammer plays a
merry tune during the hours of daylight.
The plans for the decorations are most
elaborate, and when carried out they will
have transformed the dingy, barn-like
structure Into a classic temple, golden
huod and draped with flags and beauti
fied with evergreens. There will be a
speakers' stand with seats for the choral
societies reaching down before It. and the
remainder of the floor and galleries will
he fitted up to accommodate over BtKX)
people.
The choral children In front of the
speakers' stand will form one of the most
attractive features of the exercises.
There will be nearly four hundred of
them, and when seated they will form a
living flag. The red stripes will be formed
by rows of girls with brilliant crimson
capes, and the white with girls in white
capes: the field will be formed by rows
of boys With blue capes, and on the
it of each will shine a silver star.
The stand upon which the children will
be Mated will slope gently from the
speakers' stand to the floor and the ef
fect of the rows of color will be Been
from every seat In the building.
The children will take part in all the
songs, and will be assisted by the older
choral societies, which will sit Just above
The University students have re
considered their decision not to parade
rext Monday and accordingly the bat
talions will take part in the great jublloe
celebration. President Kellogg, Ptofes
sor Jones. Regent Penicke and a number
of senior students addressed the assem
who a pho^t while ago held up the
driver of a vegetable wagon on the San
Bruno road and robbed him. It is
claimed that at one of the places he
visited he was detected in the act of
robbing one of his victims, and was
ask*»i for an explanation. He imme-
I diately drew a revolver, and. pointing
it at his accuser, threatened to blow
his brains out. He then ordered him to
throw up his hands, after which he
took his purse, containing a few dimes.
Last ni^ht several Italian gardeners
visited police headquarters and enlisted
the servii^s of Chief Lees in finding
• the desperado. They claim that the
Italian residents of the Mission live in
fear of the robber, and beg for protec
tion.
One of them claimed that the desper
ate man visited his garden a short time
M>Oi and. claiming that he was desti
tute, asked for a place to sleep.
He was taken in and allowed to sleep
with the other men employed about the
garden. When the men awoke on the
following morning they found their
clothes scattered about the floor and
the stranger gone. A subsequent ex
amination revealed that he had got up
during the night, searched their cloth
ing .and taken their money and val
uables.
The detectives who were looking for
him last night found several watches,
which he had stolen, in a pawnshop
on Montgomery avenue. In one of them
the proprietor said that he expected the
man to return, as he promised to call
again with some valuable silverware,
which he claimed was given him by a
friend. They waited until after mid
nierht and as the robber did not appear
they started out to find his room. It
was located on Stockton street and a
large quantity of stolen property was
found. They are hopeful of arresting
him to-day.
ALMOST A MUTINY
The British Ship Laoroone a Scene
of Trouble for Two Days.
For the past two days trouble, has been
brewing on the British ship Laomnne,
Captain Jones, which arrived from New
castle the 4th of this month, and last
evening the climax was reached when
Henry Snowdon and Adolph Heynlsch.
two of her crew, were locked up at the
Harbor Police station and charged with
being drunk. It is claimed that the two
men have been Indulging in Intoxicating
liquors for days past, and that the
trouble was partially caused by them,
but this the men deny, and state that
there are two men on board who are the
friends of the captain, and that they re
ceive more attention than should be
given to them by their captain, and that
the rest of the crew suffer almost for the
necessaries of life.
Early last evening the men started to
go aboard, but they were refused and
trouble commenced. The watchman was
told to keep, them off the vessel and car
ried out his instructions by blowing a
police whistle, with the above result. '
Lost Girl Found.
Josephine Kane, the pirl who disap
peared from her home last Monday, was
found last night by Detective Anthony.
She was living with a family at 833 Buah
street, where she had secured employ
ment as a domestic. In explanation of
her absence the pirl said that she had
"played hookey" from school, and as her
teacher had informed her parents, she
feared to go home.
bled cadets during the drill hour this
morning and the student soldiers enthu
siastically • resolved to parade.
The battalions will form on the campus
shortly after 8 o'clock Monday morning
and a special train will probably carry
them to the city. At the conclusion of
the parade arrangements will be made
for the cadets to turn In their equip
ments and they will be given the after
noon to themselves. Lieutenant Cloman
has promised to excuse all those who
turn out from the two following regular
drills.
The entries from the militia for the
military games to be held at Central
Park next Wednesday have been sent In,
the names being as follows:
100 yards-Sergeant B. Hawks, Company F;
Corporal Jackson. II: Musician Katz. A: C.
H. Miller. G; E. Sands. II: Ernest Fleischer.
B: F. Hoffman. B; H. Hay. E: Sam Marston.
D; William Dlneen. H; E. Bishop. Cadets; F.
Binfcop. Cadets: J. P. Cassldy. X; H. Jones. D.
220 yards— Serjeant B. Hawks. Company P;
Corporal Lawton. C; C. H. Miller, O: J. Saun
ters, Cadets; George Thompson, C: George
Klamon, C; S. Marston, D: H. Jones, D.
440 yards— Serjeant B. Hawks. Company F.
SSO yards— F. Ralph. Company E; Magee. H;
Burntnett. H; W. E. Clark, F; W. GUlis, G;
C. J. O'Connor. F.
120 hurdle— H. Hay, Company E; Sergeant
B. Hawks. Company F; F. Bishop. Cadets.
Shot put— Daniel Dineen. Company D. E.
Duffy. F; E. Bishop, Cadets; G. Skelly, H;
W. Dineen. H.
Broad Jump— G. Rooney. Cadets; Ernest
Fleisher, B. F. Hoffman, B.
Pole vaults-Corporal Lawton, Company C;
Rrnest Fletcher, B; F. Hoffman. B; George
Belden. Cadets.
High Jump— Corporal Belden. Cadets; Ernest
Fleisher. B: F. Hoffman. B; RUey. H; An
drew H. Magee. H; H. Hay, E; 1L Rooney.
Cadets.
Equipment race — Corporal Maher, Company
M; Sergeant W. D. Fllnn, D: J. Meyers. B; J.
P. Cassidy. X: Sands, II; Magee, H; Dlneen.
H: Corporal H. Day, I.
Hasty entrenching— C. Son. Com
pany I; Corporal R. Downle, D.
Wall scaling— from. Companies C D
and H.
Should the weather permit, there will
be a crew from the life saving stations
in the big parade, who will bring their
boats an'i apparatus and all the beach
K'ur and appliances for the plying of
their trade of mercy.
Don Juan Stewart is groins to lead the
buckeros in the parade Monday. He Is a
charter member of San Dk-gu Parlor No.
lus.
The Health Department is preparing
some novel features for the parade,
but most of them will be sprung as a
surprise. There will be five floats tel
ling the story of the work of the health
officials and the need for Just such
measures as they have taken.
The first float will be the "Inspection
of Milk." On one side will be a grave
yard with a mother weeping over the
headstone of a little grave where her
child, killed by impure milk, lies bur
ied; on the other side will be pictured
the inspector stopping a wagon at a
horse trough where a milkman is try
ing to water his milk. The second float
will show a big canful of pure milk
and around it and drinking heartily
will be a number of children. The
third float will also be two sided, one
side showing the plumbing of a tene
ment before there were any such things
as plumbing regulations and the other
side will show a house with the plumb
ing according to the demands of the
Health Department. On the fourth
float will be a picture of a section of
Brooklyn alley in Chinatown before it
was remodeled by order of the depart
ment, and on the other side of the float
will be a scene from one of the dens of
Chinatown. The fifth float will show
a food Inspection station in operation,
with the officers examining the food
for the public institutions; on the other
side the same station will be shown,
with the doors locked and barred and
the sign "Closed for lack of appropria
tion" across it.
There will be other features of the
Health Department's division, which
will be equally startling.
The condition of the Jubilee Fund at
present is as follows:
Previously made public. 515.25S SO: Raw
hide Mining Company, $100; Quicksilver
INCAPACITATED
FROM DUTY
Policeman Wells, Sick
and Disabled, Asked
to Resign.
Chief Lees Determined to
Change the Beats of the
Various Sergeants.
Patrolman Peter Gillen's Case Con
tinued for Two
Weeks.
At the regular meeting of the Po
lice Commissioners last riight the case
of Officer William Wells charged with
being Incapacitated was taken up.
Wells had been on the force for many
years and is held in high regard by his
superior officers. Several months ago
he was taken ill and confined to his bed
for some time. Recently, however, he
has been doing duty at the Central sta
tion answering telephone calls. He fin
ally became bo ill that he was again
forced to ask for a leave of absence.
Learning from his attending physician
that he would never be able to do po
lice duty again. Captain Wittman de
cided to call his case to the attention
of the Police Commissioners.
When he was summoned before them
last night he feebly announced that he
did not think that he would ever get
well. He is suffering from Bright's
disease in a malignant form. It was
the intention of the Commissioners to
drop his name from the rolls, but after
listening to his story they allowed him
to resign. He promised to do so to
day.
Wells is one of the best known men
in the department and has a host of
friends. His sickness is regretted by
his fellow officers and as he left the
commissioners' rooms he had many
sympathizers. It is understood that a
strong effort will be made to-day to
have the commissioners not take for
mal action until he is eligible for re
tirement, which will be in a short time.
Police Officer Greenan was also be
fore the commissioners charged with
appearing for duty in a slovenly condi
tion. As it was his second offense he
was fined $20 and told that a similar
offense would lead to his being dis
missed from the force.
( >mcer Pete Gillen, charged with as
saulting a than whom he had under
arrest on New Tear's morning, had his
case continued for two weeks.
Notwithstanding tb.e reticeace of the
! Mining Company (employes New Alma
i den^. $G4 25: Cafe Zlnkand, $50; O'Connor.
Moffatt & Co.. $50; Ilibernia Savings and
Loan Association. $60; Musicians' Union.
$60; Westerfeld's Bakery, $25; Tivoli Cafe.
$25; Lebenbaum & Co.. $25; Gruenhagen
Bros., $25; Omaha Mining Company. $26;
i Blake, Mofflt & Towne, $25; Colonel Johi,
i L. Koster, $25; Major Frank McLaughlin.
i $25; Almshouse employes, $24 50: Super
i visors' office. $21 50; George W. Gibbs &
Co., $20; Cook Belting Company, $20; Cali
! fornia Electrical Company, $20; Pabst
Cafe, $15: C. H. Evans & Co.. $10: Cali
1 fornia Boiler Works. $10; F. Smith & Co..
! $10; Majestic Steel Range Company, $10.
M. A. C. Christesen. $10; The Burlingame.
$10; Bennett & Wilson, $10; Cosmopolitan
Hotel. $10; The Pleasanton. $10; G. Leip
nitz & Co., $10; Ickelhelm Bros., $10; San
Francisco Laundry Association, $10; J.
Baumgarten & Co.. $10: Vanderslice &
Co., $10: Livingstone Bros., $10; Sequoia
Parlor, No. 160. N. S. G. W.. $10; Repsolds
Company, $7 50; janitors, City Hall, $6;
smaller amounts. $IS6; total. $16,303 55.
The following letter has been sent to
the Board of Education by the Commit
tee on Rul-s:
PAX FRANCISCO, j ftn . 19. 1898.
California OoMea Jubilee Committee. PaJace
Hotel. c!ty— Gentlemen: I desire to call your
attention to a violation of the rules of the
Board of Education In requiring purflls of this
department to contribute to or provide uni
forms {qt the celebration of the California
grolrten Jubilee.
Many parent* find It very difficult to provide
the necessities of life, and it works a hardship
them by requiring pupils to buy suits, leg-
PROGRAMME OF EXERCISES AT WOODWARD'S
PAVILION.— 2 P. M.
Introduction of President of the Day.
Prayer by the Chaplain...: Rev. S. H. Wllley
Remarks by the President of the Day J. H. Jewett
President of the Society
of California Pioneers.
Song— "California" Words by Mary Lambert
Music by John Haraden Pratt.
Rhys Thomas.
Accompanied by the Composer.
California's Greeting His Excellency James H. Budd
Governor of California.
Patriotic State Song— "Hail California" Written by Josephine Gro
Chorus of Public School Children,
assisted by Harmony Choral Club.
Directed by the composer.
San Francisco's Welcome His Honor James D. Phelan
Mayor of San Francisco.
Song— "49" Words by Joaquin Miller
Music by Leila France.
Knickerbocker Quartet.
F. L. Purdy, first tenor—
C. M. Elliot, second tenor —
D. B. Crane, first bass —
L. A. Larsen, second bass.
Oration Hon. Niles Searls
Melodies of "49" .Cassasa/s Military Band
"Bridal of the Birds" * Harmony Quintet
Miss Lena Hachmeister—
Mrs. N. B.Frisbie—
Mrs. John Madden—
Mrs. Robert Lloyd-
Mrs. Alice Whltby Lewis.
Poem— "California's Golden Jubilee" Sister Anna Raphael
A Native Daughter
Recited by Miss Clara Wittenmyer,
a Native Daughter.
"Now Tramp o'er Moss and Foil" t Bishop
The solo by Miss Atkins,
Harmony Choral Club, Robert Lloyd, Director.
Remarks by Eliza D. Keith, a Native Daughter
"Star Spangled Banner" Key
Mrs. Martin Schultz.
Remarks by Hon. William G. Murphy
(Pioneer and Survivor of the Dormer Party.)
"America" ' Smith
Chorus of Public School Children,
assisted by Harmony Choral Club.
Benediction Rev. S. H. Wllley
March— * Press Clvb 1 ' Gro
Cassasa's Military Band.
commissioners it is said that they dis
cussed the advisability of changing the
various sergeants to different districts.
It Is known that Chief Lees is favora
ble to changing the sergeants at cer
tain times for the reason, as he claims,
that it is conducive to the discipline of
the department. The changes will in
all probability be made at the next
meeting of the commissioners.
MIDWEEK THEATRICALS.
" The Girl F ron ) Paris " Conjes to
the Baldwin on
Monday.
The success of Willie Collier In "The
Man From Mexico" continues unabated
at the Baldwin. The attraction could
easily crowd the house for another week,
but it must give way to Rice's big pro
duction of "The Girl From Paris," which
commences a three-weeks' engagement
Monday night. Rice himself accompa
nies the company and promises to give
San Francisco as good a show as that
which recently closed a record run at
the Herald Square Theater, New York.
Marie Dressier and an excellent band of
farce-comedians are giving the California
a much-needed taste of prosperity and
good nature in "Courted Into Court."
Miss Dressier Is scoring a tremendous
personal hit.
The Ttvoli's production of "Brian
Boru," the new Irish opera, will continue
for several weeks. •
Mr. Paulding's curtain-raiser, "A Man's
Love." Is making a strong appeal to the
sympathies of the Alcazar's patrons A
jovial antidote against the little piece's
NEW TO-DAY. \0&
DRSOPER
GUARANTEES
I^^^^P®^ That the cost of treatment to effect a
cure, by his NEW SYSTEM, will not ex-
f^M^^^^^ ceed the prices named below, including
F^ \J/JO$2P all medicines.
%>^Z^S%B^ If incurable you will be told so.
Catarrh. •••••**>«> | Piles $20 00 Kidney Diseases $20 00
Rheumatism 20 00 Paralysis 60 00 Nervous Debility .. 20 00
Neuralgia 20 00 Skin Diseases 20 00 Syphilis ™ m
Sciatica 20 00 Diabetes 25 00 Varicocele 20 on
Fistula 30 00 Ulcers (chronic) ...... 40 00 Stricture.. ".."'.■..■. 30 uo
Asthma .....25 00 Bladder Diseases 20 00 Rupture V. '.'..'.'.'. 40 00
Gravel .. 20 00 j Bronchitis 20 00 Loss of Manhood 9,T nn
Consumption, Ist stage 30 00 I Epilepsy or Fits 30 00 Gonorrhoea °- 10 00
Tape Worm.... 20 00 i Diseases of Liver 20 00 Gleet ' 15 00
Dropsy..... 30 00 Goitre or Thick Neck. 30 00 ! Prostatic Diseases 20 00
Dyspepsia. ..... 15 00 Salt Rheum 25 00 1 Tumors $50 OO'to'4oo no
Deafness 30 00 . Bright' s Disease.. '. 40 00 1 Cancer :\."sioo 00 to 600 00
Those who are unable to pay the above prices will receive services free of charge.
lnll?e r^iljVef l o^^?i l^Kij-st t eS! Sea8 ° daa<l Weak from early Indiscretion and ezcess
tr.^i l^^^^^. F » WOMF ; > ; treated by Bn entirely new and nainiesn method. Those unable
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,
524 Taylor Street, cor. post, BUUKaioOkCAl ,_
_ "? - ' SAN FRANCISCO, CAL, (
Kings, etc., to be used in the parade on th«
24th inst. . A .
Permission for contribution and the pur
chase of suits, leggings, etc.. is hereby denied.
Yours truly, DR. GEORGE I. t>RI'CKkR.
Chairman Committee on Rules.
The programme for the grand Turner
entertainment, which will be Kiven at
Woodward's Pavilion next Thursday
night, has been "arranged. It promises to
be one of the most interesting given in
this city by the Turners, as there is a
fierce competition amonK the Turners or
San Francisco and Oakland. Weather
permitting, there will be a grand parade,
with lots of red fire preceding th*. affair,
and it is expected nearly 500 men will
compete in the different events. The pro
gramme as arranged is as follows:
Grand entree of all the performers; address,
Pr Max Magnus; fancy march and dumbbell
drill, members of the San Francisco Turn
Verein; parallel bar exercises, members of tno
Mission Turn Yprein: fencing bouts, with foil,
Steffens and Bertheau, Eintracht Turn Section:
with rapier, MuPller-and Rosenberg, San Fran
cisco Turn Verebi; *ivjth bayonet, Ketzel and
Hoffman. Deutsoher Krieger Vereln: horizontal
bar. mixod class: wrestling contest, heavy
weights. G. Hildebrand. Pan Francisco Turn
Vereln. and J. Will, Oakland Turn Verein;
middle-weights. H. Haustein and P. Flatop,
Eintracht Turners, San Francisco; vaulting on
the horse, mixed class; running high Jump,
mixed class; pyramids, members of the Ein
tracht Turn Section. Gymnastic exhibition un
der the direction of Professor Barth of San
Francisco Turn Vereln, 11. C. F. Stahl of Ein
tracht Turn Section. T. S. Fuhrberp of Mission
Turn Vereln and Vth of Oakland Turn Vereiru
Musical director. Professor 1... yon der Mehden.
Dancing will commence at 11 o'clock.
heart touches Is furnished by Bouci
cault's "Forbidden Fruit." Grundy's
clever adaptation, "The Arabian Nights,"
will be the bill for the new week.
"The Blue and the Gray." a typical war
melodrama, is pleasing large audiences at
the. Grand.
The Orpheum. as ever, holds Its own
with a big variety bill, in which everyone
may find something to his liking.
The Olympia will reopen on Saturday
night with a long list of musical attrac-..
tions.
Tiny "Chiquita" is still the bright par-i,
ticular star at the Chutes.
Petitions for Worden.
If numbers count for anything in the
matter of petitions for executive clem
ency, Salter D. "Worden may count him
self comparatively safe. Ever since his
conviction the labor unions have been
striving by almost every known artifice
to save the neck of their brother-work
man, and since the United States Su
preme Court refused to interfere in the
matter have resorted to the last method
petitions to the Governor.
The first move was made by the two
central bodies— the Labor Council and
the Building Trades Council. Besides
formulating petitions themselves, they
instructed all subordinate unions to fol
low the same course, and these Instruc
tions have been followed out to the letter.
Each union which mot last week form
ulated its petition, which will be duly
forwarded under the seal of the union to
Governor Budd. Besides this, many of
the independent unions which are not
affiliated with either of the central bodle3
are taking the same course, and by Sat
urday night the Governor will have re
ceived in the neighborhood of fifty peti
tions from the trades unions alone.AFTER THE
PLUMS OF
THE ARMY
Officers Who Would
Like to Be Quarter
master-General.
Colonels Ludington, Lee,
Moore and Atwood
Have Big Influence.
Commissary-General of Sub
sistence Is Another Fine Bil
let at Washington.
CUSHING AND EAGAN TRY.
U. S. Soldiers Want Space on the
Streets Next Monday for a Free
Swing of the Column.
Planting of new batteries on the
heights commanding the harbor, dally
drill at the guns already In position
and a little jaunting about in render-
Ing honors to a visiting sovereign, may
seem to engage all the attention of
army officers stationed in and about
Pan Francisco, but there is some
thing discussed quietly, but not pub
licly, which is of vastly more personal
Interest to the officers than is all the
outward display. Appointments to
succeed the present quartermaster and
commissary generals of the army con
stitute the engrossing themes of con
versation in army circles. Quarter-
master-General Weeks retires this
month, and several aspirants for pro
motion are actively rallying all the
political influence available to bear on
the selection of Weeks' successor.
Telegrams from Washington and
comments in Eastern military publi
cations insist that Colonel Ludington
will get the chief place in the depart
ment. Colonel Lee, who was formerly
depot quartermaster in this city, is in
Washington making an active fight for
the place. Colonel Moore, now serv
ing as the chief quartermaster in this
department, has many friends who
would be delighted to hear of his pro
motion to the first place in the corps.
Old army politicians say that Colonel
Ludington may yet be turned down.
Should Lee be appointed, Moore and
Ludington could come in later and hold
the office after his retirement, but if
Ludington should win Moore and Lee
would be/shut out, as they would reach
the age of retirement before Luding
ton attained that age.
Away back in the "sixties," Luding
through th«- influence of Secretary
Stanton, was jumped over the heads
ny regular officers and appointed
without having held the rank
Bin, and so he happens now to
i-'eninr officer.
U department headquarters yester
a wen-posted man said: "Big in
riuences are at work in these appoint
•ments. Melville Stone, the general
-< nanaeer of the Associated Press, is
pulling all the wires he can control in
the interest of one candidate, bo you
cannot rely implicitly on what is tele
graphed to the press from the East.
"There is a candidate in the field
who is seldom mentioned ir. the dis
patches. I refer to Lieutenant-Colonel
E. B. Atwood, deputy quartermaster
general. He is from Ohio and served
In McKinley*B regiment. He was ser
geant-major when McKinley was com
missary sergeant. Th°y were promoted
to the grade of lieutenant at the same
time.
"No, the recommendation of General
Miles will not rut any figure in this
case. Again Miles has too much good
Bense to interfere. He wants to be ad
vanced to the grade of lieutenant-gen
eral and the Secretary of War has re
commended that the grade be estab
lished. Miles will be careful about
stepping on the toes of Senators who
may have a preference in the selection
of quartermaster-general.
"The President will mak" this ap-
I'l-iintment to suit himself and it would
not be surprising to me if Colonel At
wood got the place. He is an old com
rade and chum of the President and is
from Ohio."
This month the President will have
the pleasure of nominating an officer
to fill the place of commissary-general
of subsistence. The leading aspirants
for the place are Colonel S. T. Cushing
and Lieutenant-Colonel Charles P. Ea
gan. A great deal of influence has been
brought to bear in favor of each candi
date. Colonel Eagan is the chief com
missary officer of this department.
It is a fact now well recognized in the
army that promotion is not based
wholly on merit. The strongest pull
frequently lands the prize. Tf the rule
should now be established that sr-ni.-r
lty of rank should be alone recognized
jiurh injustice would result, as many
o'Ticers holding high rank to-day wore
Justly jumped over the heads of de
lving men many years ago.
The plan for lighting the Presidio res
ion and the barracks of enlisted
m^n, as well as the quarters of offi
cers, with electricity has been aban
doned or at least shelved for the pres
<nt. The figures which the Edison
Light and Power Company gave were
too high for the consideration of the
army authorities* The fact is dis
closed that the plans for the recently
constructed double brick barracks, al
though supposed to be modern in many
respects, made no provision whatever
for wirinET the barracks. The authori
ties In Washington, perhaps, fancied
that electric lights were unknown to
Ban Francisco.
The proposed parade next Monday in
honor of the opening.of the Golden Ju
bilee is engaging the attention of every
one at the Presidio garrison. The col
umn will embrace the largest number
of United States troops ever paraded at
one time in San Francisco. There will
be In line eight companies of the First
United States Infantry. Colonel Evan
Miles commanding. Eight batteries of
the Third Artillery, Colonel M. P. Mil
ler, will probably parade. A squadron
of four troops of the Fourth Cavalry
will join the column.
Officers and enlisted men of the regu
lar, army are confident of their ability
to make a display highly creditable to
the service, but they fear that the civic
arrangements will be inadequate, and
imperfect as usual, and that the troops
will be crowded out of line to make
room on the streets for spectators.
Co-lorel Mllps said yesterday: "The
First United States Infantry will make
a fine display if we can pet room to pa
rade company front on Market street.
Tl'Jt I am afraid we will be crowded
out of alignment by the spectators if
we attempt to march in that order. If
pome regulations could be adopted to
give us the entire width of the street
between sidewalks the regiment would
mike a superb showing."
Unlisted men as well as commissioned
THE PENALTY OF GREATNESS.
The Sad -Fate' of Dr. Schenk of Vienna, Who Discovered the Secret c
of Sex. *
Tlnje, midnight. Place, Dr. Schenk/s bedroon). DrarQatls personac, Dr. ScheoK aod three spirits of those who
rt)!ght have been girls. c
Dr. S. (stiffly) — Science is not cruel; science is merely truthful. (
Spirit of the Red-haired Girl — Science is stupid and meddlesome. It has no poetry: no romance. It was t
made for old dried up, thick-headed Germans like you; not for girls like we — misht have been. I
Spirit of the Brunette — Why, I might have been the greatest soprano the world has ever known! (
Spirit of the Red-haired Girl — And I might have been a second George Eliot. <
Spirit of the Blonde — And I might have been beautiful— lovely as Eve, as Helen, who knows; who can tell? I
The Doctor (softened) — It Is a pity, my dear. I confess I never thought of you. And yet. science is uncom- I
promising in its disregard for the individual. It works only for the betterment <>f the race. t
Spirit of the Brunette — We've as much right to be born as you have. (
Spirit of the Red-haired Girl— Yes. How would you have liked it if some cold-blooded German professor I
had made this discovery of yours before your time? If your mother had been cheated "Ut of her birthright, (
where would you have been? <
The Doctor gazes thoughtfully into space. He does not answer. »
Spirit of the Red-haired Girl— The thing that rankles is the insult of it all. T" be told that you're persona I
non grata before you've so much ar. asked for admittance. I
Hpirit of the Brunette — O. the old world is getting- too exclusive for anything: I
Spirit of the Blonde (wistfully > — How could you have been so cruel? I
The Doctor (uncomfortably) — Now, don't. Please don't. I appeal to you. You know how much in demand i
boy babies are, and you'll admit that one of the first principles of business economy is that the demand ere- i
ates a supply. If you'll only be good enough to consider me as merely an instrument. If I hadn't done this i
somebody else would. (
Spirit of the Brunette— lt's a coward's argument. • i
Spirit of the Red-haired Girl (threateningly)— The time will come, sir, when you'll regret it. That's all. i
Dr. S. (coldly) — I fail to see how that can be. i
Spirit of the Red-haired Girl — O, you do! Well, let me tell you, learned professor, that a girl, and an lin- i
born girl at that, can teach you something. You evidently don't know my sex as well as I do. Our earthly
sisters will avenge our wrongs. Trust to them! The greater the success this barbarous discovery of yours has,
the fewer women will there be on earth. And, as a natural consequence — I don't know anything about busi
ness economy, but I, know women pretty well — they'll make you men suffer. If woman hitherto has been called
capricious, fickle, unreasonable, tyrannical, what adjectives will you need to describe her in the time to
come? You are building up a feminine monopoly. Woe, woe unto the world of man when woman, becoming
scarcer, and therefore more precious, realises the full extent of tlv power which you. Doctor Fchenk, have
placed in her hands!
The Doctor (pettishly)— l wish you'd go away and let me sleep.
The Spirit of the Brunette— Never.
Spirit of the Blonde (sobbing)— l h-hope s-something '11 h-happen to the women left on earth, and you
s-stingy, mean old men '11 have the whole p-place to yourselves. There!
Spirit of the Brunette (indignantly) — I suppose you're satisfied now. You've made her cry. Never mind,,
dearie, it's only what we women ought to have expected from such brutes. It's the climax to all wove suffered
at their hands since Adam first lied about Eve. Perhaps, after all, it's as well that we shouldn't enter such
a world. And really it may be an art of far-sighted mercy on the part of the Chinese to strangle and drown
their girl babies. Who wouldn't prefer being strangled to enduring the lot of a Chinese woman!
The Doctor (hopefully)— Now, that's real philosophy. Why don't you apply the same reasoning to me?
It may be that you've cause to be grateful to me for sparing you much suffering.
The three, together— O. indeed! So kind of you!
The Doctor (yawning disgustedly)— Well, anyway, what's the use of discussing it? At this time of night,
too. Call during the day. My office hours are from 2t04 in the afternoon. Come then, do, like good, re
spectable spirits.
Spirit of the Red-haired Girl (sarcastically) — O, of course you'll attack our character. It's only what we
expect.
The Doctor (earnestly)— l assure you, madam
Spirit of the Red-haired Girl (furiously) — Madam, indeed! And pray, how could I. how can I ever become
madam if you're to be an earthly Saint Peter, and shut the gates in every woman's face?
The Doctor (groaning) — O, do go away! How can the thing be helped DOW? Why didn't you protest be
fore? What can I do now?
The Three— What?
Why. say that it's all a Joke.
Pay that you've made a mistake
Say that you've lost the formula.
The Doctor (firmly)— Never!
Spirit of the Brunette— Well, that?
our answer to you, too. We'll hanni
i you. We'll make your life miser
i able. You shall not sleep. You
shall not rest. You've murdered
myriads of innocent souls. You're
the blackest villain that ever
breathed. Macbeth was a saint
compared to you; he, at least, i ■ r
mitted people to be born. You de
prive us of life before we know
what life is. Woe, woe, woe to you,
O Dr. Schenk. Unborn woman shall
be the death of you. The doctors
will call it nervous prostration, but
i we and you will know what really
i caused it. Beware! Beware! Be
ware!
The clock strikes one. The great
German scientist tosses restlessly
upon his bed, while the three spirits
sing an etherealized version of "We
Won't Go Home Till Morning."
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
of the procession are allowed to fill up
the street as soon as the head of tne
column pastes the effect of the military
display will be lost.
WONTS HER DIAMONDS.
L. A. Giacobbi, a Kcarny-Street
Jeweler, Arrested for Receiv
ing Stoler) Property.
L,. A. Giacobbt, a Jeweler at 330 JOarny
street, was arrested yesterday afternoon
by Detectives Harry Reynolds and Dinan
on a warant charging him with receiving
stolen goods.
The fashionable boarding-house of Mrs.
G. H. Coy, 439 Geary street, was f. :
by a burglar on September ti la?t and
eight diamonds were Stolen. There VU
considerable mystery about the burglary
at the time, as no one was seen to
or leave the place, the diamonds having
been stolen during the afternoon.
Reynolds and Dlnan ascertained from
John Cullum, who is serving a term for
grand larceny, that c stole the diamonds
and sold them to Giaeobbi for $60 on Sep
tember 20. The aiamonds were worth
$250 acording to the estimate put upon
them by Mrs. Coy.
An application was made to Giacobbi
for th* diamonds, and the detectives say
that he promised to return them after the
holidays, as he had sold the two largest
and would require time to ge\ lli> m. He
has not vet delivered tham. and yesterday
it was determined to arrest him for re
ceiving stolen goods.
Went '"to Hysterics.
There was an exciting scene in Judge
Low's court yesterday afternoon for a
few minutes. Mrs. Croner was undt r
cross-examination by ex-Jndgc Murphy
in the case of Mrs. Louise Kersten. with
whom Mrs. Croner's husband eloped from
Germany, and was being asked how
many children she had, when she gave
a loud scream and went into a violent
attack of hysterics. It lasted for a few
minutes, but she gradually became calm
er and her cross-examination was re
sumed.
Advances made on furniture and planou. with
or without removal. J.Noonan.lol7-1023 Mlsalon.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALi,, THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, IS9B.
WILL APPEAL
TO THE COURTS
Merchants in Open Re
volt Against Further
Taxation.
Determined to Fight the Pro
posed Licensing of Ex
cavations.
They Declare Itto Be Illegal, Inasmuch
as Sidewalks Are a Part of
the Premises.
Probably the Board of Supervisors
never conjured up a more unpopular
measure than the proposed ordinance
to tax business men for the use of
space underneath the sidewalks. With
out a single exception the merchants
have lifted their voices in protest
against the measure and declare it an
outrage they will not submit to. They
bring many arguments to show why
this tax should not be imposed upon
them, not the least of their contentions
being that they now have to pay a tax
on their goods and a license to do busi
ness, in addition to their rent, and any
further burden would be rank injus
tice.
It is argued that the space under
neath the sidewalks is of no use what
ever to the city, while its utilization by
the business men tends to keep the
sidewalks clear of goods.
Moreover, It is asserted that the
courts have decided that the sidewalks
are a part of the premises and such a
EL S. (sitting up in bed. the clothes I
tightly drawn about him)— l must <
say, young ladks, that this is most (
inconsiderate of you. What do you (
mean by disturbing a man so sorely (
in need of sleep as I am? <
Spirit of a Brunette— And what do <
you mean by boycotting— l should (
say girlcotting— us? {
Dr. S. — My dear young woman (
Spirit of a Brunette — I'm not your <
dear young woman, nor likely to be <
anybody's dear young woman, (
thanks to meddlesome you! Why (
couldn't you mind your own affairs? (
I'm sure no one wanted to be your <
daughter <
Spirits of a Blonde and Red-haired <
Girl together— lndeed not! {
Spirit of the Brunette — Then why <
couldn't you let other people alone? (
Dr. S. (pettishly)— You're as un- <
reasonable as you'd be if you had t
bodies and were women! (
Spirit Ol the Red-haired Girl— And (
you're as exuel as you'd be if you I
had no soul and were a demon! (
I tax, or license, would be illegal It is
certain that the city dcvs not construct
or repair sidewalks, that expense fall
ing upon the property-owners, so why,
say the people most interested, should
the municipality set up a claim to Ju
risdiction in the matter of fixing the
I space underneath the walks.
The point is made that the property
owner pays the cost of excavating the
space referred to and walls it up and
covers it over in such a manner that it
is an actual benefit to the city, for
wh"n the sidewalk is laid it rc-sts on
a solid foundation, whereas if it were
put down on the sand it would soon
fettle in places, causing numerous
1 >reaks and a r<.-ugh and uneven Bur
face It is much more exp»nsiv.\ say
the property-owners, to put down a
sidewalk ov<r an excavation than it
would be on the ground, to say nothing
of the cost of excavation and walling up
of the outer Fide, and the rent derived
from this extra space barely pays in
terest o-n the extra cost.
Some of the merchants say the ordi
nance bord'-rs on the ridioulo-us and
! that the Supervisors will not attempt to
pass it, while one and all declare they
will fight it to the bitter end if the at
tempt is made to enact it into a mu
nicipal law. If it is passed, they de
clare they will attack its constitut.ion
' ality in the courts, but they consider it
a hardship to be compelled to seek re
dress from what they term so- oppres
sive a measure in the courts.
LADIES' JEWISH COUNCIL.
Meeting of a Charitable Society
Connected With the Bush-
Street Temple.
The Ladies' Jewish Council, an organ
ization engaged in charitable work and
connected with Rabbi My»r's Bush-Street
Temple, held a meeting: Tuesday after
noon in their hall in the church building,
and In addition to transacting btniiMM
calculated to extend the scope of their
g 1 work they also ekcted officers to
serve for the ensuing term, as follows:
President, Mrs. 1. Rain; vice-president,
Mrs. D. S. Davis; secretary. Mrs. I. Froh
man: treasurer. Mrs. M. Getz; financial
secretary. Miss Celia Stern. This society
distributed 500 garments to deserving peo
ple last year and a special fund was cre
ated at the meeting whereby it is intend
ed to give away 600 pairs of shoes to the
needy ones this year and the same num
ber of garments as last.
SUPERVISOR
CLINTON TO
BE INDORSED
Public Meetings Will
Be Called to Up
hold Him.
Mission Property-Holders
Fighting the "Monkey
Park Job."
Movement Organizing to Un
mask the Plot to Rob
the City.
OPINION TO BE AROUSED.
«
An Influential Committee Will Point
Out the Path of Duty to the
Supervisors.
The better class of citizens in the
Mission district is thoroughly aroused
to a lealization of the kind of colored
biped that lurks in the woodpile of the
zoological experts and enthusiasts cm
the Board of Supervisors, and purpose
making a public exhibition of the freak.
At an important meeting held by lead-
Ing property-owners and influential
residents of the Mission yesterday
afternoon it was decided to provide for
the public ratification, at an early day,
of the position Supervisor Clinton has
taken against the conspiracy to dump
on the already overburdened taxpay
ers of San Francisco what has come
to be described as "the monkey-park
Job." Under cover of the resolutions to
be presented an exposure is to be made
of the plot to rob the city In the inter
est of a clique. Besides, the subject of
improvements actually needed in the
district will come up for thorough dis
cusston and review.
Primarily it was the Intention to hold
this mass-meeting Saturday night, but
the organization committee was unable
to procure a suitable hall. Monday
and Tuesday nights were objected to on
the ground that public interest and
excitement would be centered in the di
version* <>f the Jubilee week, while a
similar objection obtained against nam
ing the following Saturday evening, as
It Is on that day the mining exhibition
opens. All things considered, it was j
deemed wisest to name some early day
in the succeeding week for the first de
monstration and to follot* this meet
ing promptly with a second and third.
In widely separate sections of the dis
drict, so that knowledge of the pro
posed fraud may be brought to the at
tention of all classes.
The gentlemen having the matter In
hand are acting in perfect accord, and
affirm they will fight the manipulators
of the deal to a finish.
■When this proposition for a Mis
sion park and zoo was originally can
vassed," said one of the committee yes
terday, "many of us favored it, and a
large number of good citizens signed
the petition, without having given the
subject proper inquiry. As to the
real motive at the bottom of the scheme
— the design to rob the city out of
many thousands of dollars under the
pretext of having the Supervisors un
dertake a public improvement — we were
kept in the dark. In short, we w=-rt>
cunningly and plausibly deceived. The
moment we learned that the proposal
concealed a monstrous and daring
piece of jobbery we opposed it. Dr.
Clinton was deceived like the rest of
us. He speaks our sentiments and
has the courage to represent officially
not only our disapproval of the hum
bug, but our determination to unmask
it, even if we have to go into the courts.
This we do not think will be necessary.
We know the Mission people will not
Indorse such a transparent steal, and
we are certain the Supervisors will not
dare to act in defiance of the public
opinion certain to be expressed to them
In no uncertain manner before we get
through with showing up the jobbery."
It is a claim to be urged by the com
mittee that little more than half the
i amount of money proposed to be
; squandered on the purchase of the so
; called "monkey-house tract" would be
1 sufficient to equip the city with a first
! class hospital and pesthouse, to take
I the place of the inhuman and disgrace
! ful institutions at present described by
those names.
• They insist that the system of dis
tributive confinement for criminals is
especially pernicious, and that the
worst and most expensive feature of it
is what they sarcastically denominate
the "health resort," maintained for
vagabonds and petty offenders in the
House of Correction. They hold that
this building, as well as the industrial
home, should be vacated, and the in
mates transferred to- the City Prison.
If the people desire an institute for the
propagation of monkeys and parrots,
the House of Correction building, at a
comparatively trifling outlay, they
maintain, could be utilized for such
purpose, while at the same time econ
omy and greater efficiency of control
would be assumed by the removal
thence of a class of willful criminals
who are at present pampered.
The hundred-acre tract occupied by
these structures and owned by the city
is not more than a thousand yards dis
tant from the "Gum-tree Tract." and is
better adapted for a park. Moreover,
it would cost no mare than might be re
quired for improvements, while in the
case of the Mission Park and Zoo
scheme It is proposed to make the tax
payers disgorge the handsome sum of
$387,000 for a plot of ground cm which
the appraisement is approximately
$55,000.
These subjects, as well as the necessi
ty of reconstructing the Mission schools
and extending the street improvements,
will be discussed thoroughly by prop
erty-owners and citizens having the
best interests of the Mission at heart,
when the promised. meetings are held.
SUPERVISOR SMITH— I might as well
say it first as last: I am not in favor of
I STOVE POLISH. I
■ C Produces a JET BLACK enamel gloss. Dnstless, Odorless, Labor &&'
mm Saving;. 5 and 1 0 cent boxes. Try it on your Cycle Chain. nl^
V If L PRESCOTT 4 CO., NEW YORK. W%
the proposition. As for the new City and
County Hospital, its contemplated erec
tion Is nothing new to my mind. A refer
ence to the resolutions on file in the
clerk's office of the Board of Supervisors
will show that as early as last May I
offered a resolution almost similar to the
one offered by Dr. Rottanzi at the last
meeting of the board. Hence there can
be no doubt as to how I stand on that
question. The present hospital should be
burned down; it Is a disgrace to the city
and the people that live in the city. I
am in favor of the erection of a first
class hospital on the Almshouse tract
for two reasons. First, the elevated
position would give drainage, fresh air
and sunshine to the invalids, and second.
It would be within close proximity to the
Affiliated Colleges, where it would be
very valuable for clinical purposes.
When this hospital is built and a proper
pesthouse erected, then if the taxpayers
show me that they still need a monkey
ranch, my word for it, I shall not offer
any obstacles in their way. My reason
for voting for the survey was because
Dr. Clinton proclaimed there was a Job
in it. I wanted to see where the job was,
otherwise I would have opposed making
a survey at this time.
SUPERVISOR ROTTANZI-There Is
an absolute necessity fur a new hospital.
Public opinion shows this beyond any
peradventure. The present building
which is called a hospital is an ever
lasting disgrace to the city, and until
this building is removed— excuse ni. . I
mean burned down— after we have built
a new one. as I consider that is the one
way to effectually destroy the germs of
disease that are lodged in that dirty old
wooden building— then, I say, we should
turn these fifteen acres into a park for
the Mission people, and if need be locate
a zoo there on a small scale at first.
Then if it should become popular to have
a larger collection of wild animals, why
we can easily have another in some other
portion of the city.
But the new hospital must come first,
and we must have a hospital that will
be built and conducted on the most mod
ern principles known to science. I will
watch the erection of that building as if
it were my own private property and do
everything that lies in my power to make
it a credit to not only San Francisco, but
the entire State.
SUPERVISOR HASKTXS-Glve us a
hospital and pesthouse first, then it will
be time enough to talk about a park and
the providing of a lot of animals to make
up a zoological collection. The Super
visors are the representatives of the peo
ple, and it is no more than right and
proper that when a petition is addressed
to thorn as a body requesting something
in their gilt by virtue of their position
that it should get a respectful hearing
I have my doubts whether the survey
would have been ordered at the last
meeting of the board had it not been
for Dr. Clintons attack on the job phase
of it. Bear in mind that it was Dr. Clin
ton himself that introduced the original
resolution for the purchase of the tract
Once more I say hospital first, pesthouse
second, and th^n if the people want an
additional tract of land for a park they
can have it, but it must be by a con
demnation suit, so that Dr. Clinton can
not say "job"— "job."
SUPERVISOR DODGE— I think that
the number and character of the citizens
who have for months interested them
selves in this movement entitles the pro
ject to at least a respectful consideration
by the representatives of the people. If
the press reflects the opinions of the pub
lic or if its opinions are of any value in
matters of public concern, we have an
additional reason for at least a consider
ation of the project, as with one excep
tion I believe it is unanimous in its sup
port of the project. I do not believe there
is any desire on the part of the Board
of Supervisors to foist this property on
the city, unless a majority of the citizens
are in favor of its purchase. Now, I be
lieve that the project could not survive
If any taint of a job should attach to it.
Two reasons have been urged against it,
one being that the owners of the property
asked more than the land was worth, and
th;it. therefore, it was a job and a steal.
I believe It is recognized that there are
such things as an asking price and a
selling price, and these owners might
bad some such knowledge. It hap
pens, however, that those in favor of this
purchase at once asked that the. land,
if purchased, be bought through condem
nation proceedings. This presumably would
remove this objection. The second rea
son urged, that the city owns a tract
adjoining, is offset by the fact that the
property cannot be utilized for this pur
pose of the city, and Is. further, not a
desirable tract for such an object. In a
genera] way the acquisition of such a
tract of land by the city at a fair valua
tion might be generally admitted to be
advisable. It becomes a question, how
ever, as to whether the city can spare
the money for its purchase at this time.
There certainly are more pressing needs,
such as a city and county hospital, better
public schools, etc. Unless our citizens
P willing to abandon our time-honored
ty pledge— the dollar limit— l fail to see
t the realization of such projects can
accomplished nt present. I am, how
erer, a hospital man right through and
through, and nothing shall change me
from the advocacy of the building of a
iirst-class modern city and county hos
pital, with a pesthouse thrown in. These
two buildings the people need and must
have.
Supervisor Sheehan's opinions on this
subject have already appeared in the
columns of The Call on a previous oc
casion. They were in harmony with
the views of the Supervisors more re
cently given;
THE ACTION
HAD NO MERIT
H. W. Philbrook's Case ftoasted
and Then Thrown Out
of Court.
No Proof of Conspiracy or That His
Constitutional Riyhts Had
Been Invaded.
Horace "W. Philbrook, attorney and
counselor at law, lost half a million dol
lars yesterday.
This statement. Is not sufficiently pre
cise standing alone. The fact is that his
suit against the Justices of the Supreme
Court and others for half a million dam
ages because they had disbarred him for
contempt was dismissed by Judge Hiram
Knowles of Montana, sitting in the place
of United States Circuit Judge Morrow.
Early in the proceedings, after Mr.
Phllbrook had stated his case to the
jury, a motion was made to dismiss the
action so far as Attorney-General Fitz
gerald and Robert Y. Hayne were con
corned. Mr. Philbrook made an elabor
ate argument on the motion and Judge
I Carpenter replied.
Yesterday afternoon Judge Knowles
rendered an opinion granting the motion
to dismiss as against the two defendants
i named. The opinion held that Philbrook
j had not proved his allegation of consplr
< acy: that he had been disbarred by prop
' er process of law and for just cause; that
! the language complained of in the Phil
' brook brief if presented to any court in
the land. would be construed as insulting
and derogatory to the dignity of the
court; that the Justices of the Supreme
Court could not be held liable in a civil
action for any acts done in their judicial
capacity, even if they had expressed their
'■ authority; that no constitutional right of
Philbrook had been violated, and that
! there was no evidence to prove any con
j splracy at all on the part of any of the
defendants.
Motions followed by the attorneys for
> the other defendants to dismis9 as aguinat
! them, and the motions were granted. Mr.
j Philbrook interposed an exception in each
case.
After the adjournment of court he an
nounced that he intended to take an ap«
peal to the Supreme Court of the United,
States.
NEW TO-DAY.
ARRESTED ON HER
WEDDING EVE
A Peculiar Story told by Delia
Castelo in a Cell
Last Night.
Left Her Home and Her Brother Com
plained Which Led to Her
Imprisonment
Detectives Wren and Gibson arrested a
girl last evening on Grant avenue who
gave her name, as Delia Castelo and said
that she had formerly lived with her
brother at 404 Union street, but trouble
having arisen in the family she left last
Friday and had not returned home since.
Her brother, Jim Castelo, made a com
plaint and the detectives watched for
Delia. She was charged with vagrancy
at the Californta-strfet station.
She stated that she and her brother
had quarreled over trifling matters, but
that she had determined never to go
home again as she was 27 years of age
and capable of taking care of herself.
She told of being engaged to a young
man by the name of Jim Hallahan, who
resides at 19 Silver avenue, and said that
they were to have been married to-day
as Hallahan had declared his intention
of taking out a marriage license. The
couple, according to her statement, were
to have been married on the day before
Christmas but something prevented. The
officers are of the opinion that the girl
is simple-minded, and she bears out the
idea to a certain extent, as sho Bays she
has been under a doctor's care for over
a year and that the treatment given her
had slightly affected her hearing and
mind.
She cried almost continuously during"
the first few hours following her arrest,
but was not willing that her brother
should be notified of her condition. The
story told by her la nut given much
credence by the police.
To Stop Pool Selliog-
City and County Attorney Creswell
submitted an opinion to the Board of
Supervisors yesterday on the anti-pool
selling ordinance that was recently in
troduced to the board by Supervisor
Rivers. The questions asked the attor
ney were if the order, if enacted, would
prevent pool selling In any form what
ever in the city and county and if the
order will prevent persons from receiv
ing money on commission to purchase or
Invest in pools in this city and county or
elsewhere. To both of them the attorney
replied that in his opinion it would.
Granted a Divorce.
Augusta Bribers was granted a divorce
from her husband. Frank BriKgrs, by
Judge Bahrs yesterday on the ground of
failure to provide.
NEW TO-DAY.
Annual Sales overO,ooo,ooo Boxea
FOS BILIOUS AND NEEVOUB DISOEDEE3
such as Wind and Pain in ths Stomach,
Giddiuess. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appotite. Costivencss.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE PIEST DOSE WILL GIVE EELIEP
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
•will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S P ILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARCEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World.
25c. at all Drug Stores.
GOOD TIMES KME GOME.
You can afford to indulge yourself or your
family ia the luxury of a good weekly news-
paper and a quarterly magazine of fiction.
You can get both of these publications with
almost a library of good novels for $5 per year.
•world-famed for its brightness and the most
complete General Weekly — covering a wiaer
range of subjects suited to the tastes of men
' and women of culture and refinement than any-
journal — ever published. Subscription price,
$4 per annum.
TALES FROM TOWN TOPICS, a 256 paga
Quarterly Magazine of fiction, appearing th«
first day of March, June, September and De-
cember, and publishing original novels by the
best writers of the day and a mass of short
stories, poems, burlesques, witticisms, etc
Subscription price, $2 per annum.
Club price for both, $5 per annum.
Sfou can have both of these if you subscribe
NOW and a bonus of 10 novels selected from
the list below. Regular price for each, 50
cents. All seat postpaid.
Remit $5 in New York exchange, express or
postal money order, or by registered letter,
together with a list of the 10 novels selected,
by numbers, to
TOWir TOPICS.
808 Finn Avenue, .V- w York.
•-THE SALE OF A SOUL. By C. M. S. McLean.
7— THE COUSIN OF THE KING. By A. S. VanWestrnnu
B— SIX MONTHS IN HADES. By Clarice I. Clinijham.
9-THE SKIRTS OF CHANCE. By Captain Alfred
Thompson.
To— ANTHONY KENT. By Charles Stokes Wayne.
it- ECLIPSE OF VIRTUE. By Champion BisselL
n-AN UNSPEAKABLE SIKEN. By John Gilliat.
IT— THAT DREADFUL WOMAN. By Harold R. Vynne.
Mr- A DEAL IN DENVER. By Gilmer McKendree.
IS-WHY? SAYS GLADYS. By David Christie Murray.
16-A VERY REMARKABLE GIRL. By L. H. Bickford.
I— A MARRIAGE FOR HATE. By Harold R. Vynne.
18— OUT OF THE SULPHUR. By T. C. De Leon.
THE WRONG MAN. By Chnmpion Bissell.
»o— THE HUNT FOR HAPPINESS. By Anita Vivantl
Chtrtre*.
•'-HER STRANGE EXPERIMENT. By Harold R.Vynno.
82-ON THE ALTAR OF PASSION. By John Gilliat.
il-K MARTYR TO LOVE. By Joanna E. Wood.
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
__is=y 1004 Market St., :
1004 Market St.,
1 Sear Powell.
Telephone, Soxitia. 4SO.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by :
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUCiERA & CO.
■^ ._ SOLD BY ALL PRVGUiST3
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat steadier. Barley rising again.
Oats steady. Corn and Rye firm.
Bran and Middlings strong. Hay unchanged.
rink Beans higher.
Potatoes and Onlor.s unchanged. Vegetables
E Butter weak. Eggs? declining. Cheese easy.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry sold.
Game neglected and lower.
Apples and Oranges dull.
Prunes still wanted.
No change In Provisions.
Wool and Hops quiet.
Hides and Leather firm.
Increased foreign imports.^
FOREIGN IMPORTS.
Foreign imports at this port In 1897 were
140.846,800, against 00.414,860 In IS9C. the princi
pal amounts being as follows: From Japan.
fIO(W»fK>O- China. I7.8S9.000; Hawaiian Islands,
$9 050.800:' Croat tain. 62,424.000; Central
America, $2,698,800; East Indies. $1,6.6,000.
...-. .
THE SUGAR TRADE.
According to Willett & Gray of New York
the imports of Sugar at Atlantic ports last
year were U594.561 tons, against 1.600.595 in
ISS6. The total consumption or sugar in the
United States in 1897 was 2.0'W.263 tons, against
1.P60.056 t^ns in 1596, an increase of 136,177 tons.
The consumption of 1897 consisted of 259.000
tons of domestic cane sugar, 41.347 tons of do
mestic beet sugar. 5000 tons maple and 300 tons
sorghum susar. a total of R6.656 tons of
United States production and 1,066,684 tons of
foreign cane sugar, 616.635 tons of foreign raw
beet pugar. 77.258 tons of foreign refined, a
total of 1,760,607 tons of foreign production.
The total of refined sugar, which went into
consumption In 1897 was 1.958.343 tons, of which
the American Refining Company manufactured
1,897.940 tons, or 71. per cent: the independent
refiners, 455, tons, or 23.23 per cent: the beet
sugar factories, which make refined sugar, 88.
051 tons, or 1.43 per cent, and foreign refiners,
77,2" tons, or 3.95 per cent; 137.320 tons were
consumed in the raw or plantation condition.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath It, If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
anil hunclredths during the past twelve hours. I
Isobars. or solid lines, connect points of equal I
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal •'
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north ;
and south along the cast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
mark*" 1 , curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" In the vlclnitv of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The ;
reverse of these conditions will produce an !
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
fl2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Jan. 19. I p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.30 17.80 23.
Red Bluff 0.02 6.60 12.09
Sacramento 0.06 6.28 7.19
Pan Francisco 0.03 5.12 11.14
Fresno 0.01 2.29 4.90
Fan Luis Oblspo 0.00 2.52 9.75
Los Angeles 0.00 3.75 5.44
Ban Diego 0.00 3.14 6.99
Tuma 0.00 1.06 4.7«
Pan Francisco temperature: Maximum, sb;
minimum. 43; mean, 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the porthern por
tion of the Pacific Slope. An area of hU:h
pressure is central to-night over Northern Cali
fornia and will probably move inland rapidly,
causing colder and temporarily fair weather.
The temperature has fallen over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope and remains sta
tionary elsewhere. The temperatures In the
Sacramento Valley are slightly above the nor
mal and In the San Joaquln Valley slightly
below.
Rain has fallen over the northern half or the
Pacific Slope.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatoosh Island. 33 miles per hour
from the south: Fort Canby, 28 miles west;'
Carson City, 26 miles north.
Frosts were reported generally throughout
California this morning.
ForecaFt nqade at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Jan. 20. 1898: '
Northern California— Fair Thursday; colder,
•with heavy frost in the morning; light north
erly wind.
■ Southern. California— Thursday: colder;
probably frost Thursday morning; light north
erly wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday, with light snow
in the early morning; colOer north.
T'tnh— Cloudy Thursday; continued cold
wonther.
Arizona— Fair Thursday; continued cold
weather.
Pnn Francisco and vlrlnltv— Fair Thursday;
continued cold weather; northwesterly wind.
Pt.ectal rer^rt from Mount Tamnlnals. takers
at 5 p. m - Wind northwest. 24 miles per hour;
clear; temperature, 89: maximum. 45.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— The market for stocks
to-day Improved in tone and activity as the
day wore on. and at the close the general list
showed fractional Improvements, while In some
cases there was a rise of from 1 to 2»4 points.
The close was strong at the beat prices of the
day. The extreme ease of money, call loans
being made as low as 1%. was a potential In
fluence in the market's late strength. There
were several other beneficial features In the
news' of the day, the weekly earnings of rail
ways in nearly every case were net increases,
running up to $20,000 in Chesapeake and Ohio
and $30,000 in Louisville and Nashville. The
$15,000,000 Illinois Central Terminal bonds were
considerably over-subscribed. These facts, to
gether with the action of the House of Repre
sentatives at Washington In sustaining points
cf order against Cuban resolutions, caused a
rising tide in quotations, the traders taking
the view that legislative action In behalf of
Cuba for a while, at' least, was Improbable
Washington reports regarding the currency
question had little Influence on the London
market for Americans, and Berlin and Frank
fort were reported as taking a pathetic view
of the subject. The transactions In Northern
Pad Ho were in considerable volume. Sugar
rose on street rOMip that it was time for a
resumption of the bull campaign in that spe
cialty. Northern Pacific left off at 1* advance
on hopeful expressions regarding the earnings
by friends of the property.
The bond market maintained a fair degree of,
strength, with transactions largely centered in
the speculative lines. The aggregate Kales were
450, 000. Government bonds showed an easier
tendency.
The sales of stocks to-day were 287,600 shares,
including: C. & O , 3215: Baltimore and Ohio,
3300; Louisville and Nashville, SO00: Manhattan.
23.955; Metropolitan, 7750: Hawaiian. 3:..*7: Mis
souri Pacific, HBO; New York Central. 7235;
Northern Pacific. 42.4P0: Rock Island. 21,4*);
Union Pacific, 27.103: Chicago Great Western,
6570; People's Gas, 10.06 C; Consolidated Gas,
3CCS; Sugar. 41,609. .
LONDON KARKKTS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 39.— The Evening Post's
liondon financial cablegram says: The etock
market here to-day was quiet and Irregular
to dull. Grand Trunks and Americans had
the best market*, although the latter were
unfavorably affected at the opening by news
that the United State* Senate Finance Com
mittee had reported favorably Senator Tel
ler's hi!! for paying the bonds In silver. The
Continent bought Americans, and German buy-
Ing of Northern Pacific was a feature.
New York exchange is closely watched and
especially in view of the ease of money here.
There was a general reaction In Argentines.
The references In these dispatches yesterday
to the financial position In Austria was based
on economic conditions.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12VKt P & Om 76
1 v, , pref 30"* Do prcf 148
Bait & Ohio 12«iiSt P M & M.... 12!
Can Pac m\ |So Pacific 20U
Can Southern ... D Bo Railway »
Cent Pac 11*41 Do pref 30%
Chicago & Ohio .. 22 Tex A Pac I\%
Chi & Alton .... Union Pac 324 ;
C it A Q 994JU P D & 0 9*4
Chi & X 111 504 Wabash :. 7>4
CC C A St L.... 34U! Do pref 18% |
Do •of SO Wheel & L E .. 3 I
Del & Hud 11l Do pref 12%
Del L i X 151 Express Companies -
Den 1 B G 12«4 Adams Ex 13S
Do prof 47^ American Ex ... 11S4
Erie (new) UK rnlted States ... 41
D Ist pref .... 3r-[. Wells Fargo 112
Ft Wayne 169 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref US A Cot Oil 2m
Hocking Val 7 Do pref 744
Illinois Cent 106 V» \ Amn Spirits 74
Lake Erie & W.. 17 Do rref IS
Do pref 714 Am Tobacco 86*4
Lake Shore 179 ] Do pref . 113
Manhattan L 117** People"? Gas %H
Louis & Nash .. m;» k Cons Gas 1524
Met St Ry 140 I Com Cab Co .... 175
Mich Cent 104*; Col F & Iron .... 24
Minn & St L.... 25 | Do pref 70
Do Ist pref .... 85 I Gen Elec 34\
Mo Pacific 8374 Illinois Steel 48
Mob & Ohio .... 80 Laclede Gas .... 47
Mo X & T ...... 12"(, Lead 36
Do pref 355* Do pref 1064
Chi Ind & L .... 9 Nat Lin Oil .... 174
Do nref 31 H Or Imp Co 2S'i
S J Cent 95 >4 Pacific Mall 311*
N V Cent 11JU, Pullman Pal .... 1754
N T Chi A St L. 13S*! Silver Cert 564
Do Ist pref .... 65 Ptan R& T 3v;
Do 2d pref .... 3T>4:sugar 137H
Nor West 14 j Do txef 112H
No Amer Co .... 4% TC A Iron 26
No Pacific 27*v|U S Leather 6%
Do pref 64*4 Do pre' 63^
Ontario & W .... 15% U S Rubber .... V ,
Or R & Net .... 4«H l">o pref 634
Or Short Line .. 23 West Union 9074
Pittsburg 16S Chi & N W 1224
Reading 21V Do pref 16.'
Do Ist pref .... 60% St L & S W 3*i
Rock Island R9*! ' Do pref I"i
St L & S F 7*s R G W 22
Do Ist pref .... 564 i Do pref 6<5
Do 2d pref .... 2.M* Chi & r, W 14*;
St Paul 9SifelHaw Com Co .... 31Vi
Do pref 1441,1
CLOSING BONDS.
D S new 4s res. 12* IN J C 5s 1114
Do coup 129 IN Carolina fis .. 12"i
U S 4s 112 ! Do 4s 104
Do coup ' in : -. No Pac lsts 117
Do 2ds 100 ' Do 3s «2»i
V S 5s ref? 113 1 .; Do 4s 9R"i
Do ha coup .... 11414 i NYC* St L 4s. 107
Dist 3 fiss 116 Nor & W 6o .... 1244
Ala class A W7H | North wstrn cons. 145
Do B ' 11171 , I Do deb 5s 1174
Do C 100 |O Nay lsts 113%
Do Currency ..100 (1 Nay 4s KJf,
Atchlson 4s SIVi j O S Line 6s tr.. 125 V*
Do adj 4s El% O 8 Line 5s tr.. H>S,
Can So 2ds 10S O Imp lsts tr.... 1064
Chi Term 86 Do ."is tr 55',;
C & Ohio 5s 115 Pacific «s of 96... 10314
C H & D 445.... l f '4% Readlnsr 4s .... 83*4
D & R G lsts .. 10S R<} W lsts S3i*
D & R G 4s .... 904 S L & I M C Is.. 89V;
East Term lsts .. ir<6»; SLtSPGto.. ll*i> 2
Erie .Gen 4s .... 71>.; st P Con ISIVi
F W & D lsts tr. 73 St P c & p lsts. 120
Gen Elec 6s ....1204 Do Ea 1164
G H&S A6s .. 105 P Carolina non-f. V*
Do 2ds 100 ISo Ry 5s 92%
H & T C 6s .... 110 Ptan R & T 63.. ES»;
Do con 63 105 Term new set 3s. 90
lowa C lsts .... 100 TP L G lsts .... 9974
Kan P Con tr.... 934: Do Re 2<'.s 31
X P Ist D fr .... 112 j Union Pac lsts .. 103%
La new cons 45.. 1024 |TT P D & O lsts.. S8
L .■•. N I'nl 4s .. 86 Wab Ist 5s .... 10S4
Missouri «s 100 Do 2ds S2
M X 4 T Ms .. 64 W Shore 4s .... 109&»
Do 4s 87V& Va Centuries .... 697»
N V Cent lsts .. 1164 Do deferred ... .S;
Chollar IS
MINING STOCKS.
Crown Point .... 20]Ophir 50
Con Cal St Va.. 1 Mi Plymouth Is
Deadwood 90 1 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 2- Do pref 900
Hale & Norcrs .. 1 in Standard 14.'.
Homestake 37 00 Sierra Nevada .. DO
Iron Silver 35 Union Con M
Mexican 15 Yellow Jacket .. 25
Ontario 2 50 1
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Jan. 19.— Atchlson. 12N: Bell Tel
ephone. 269: Burlington. 994: General Elec
tric, B.: Mexican Central. 6; Oregon Short
Line. 2274; San Diego, — .
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 19.— FLOUR— Receipts.
24.469 barrels, exports. 24.775. Steadily held,
but buyers h"ldinc off for concessions.
■WHEAT— Receipts. 63,!>Q0: exports. 2»9,7«;6. ;
! Exports, firm: No. 2 red, $1 02>i- Options open
ed easy under disappointing cables, but ral
. lied and were firm all day on fair clearances,
a good export demand. Ftrong cash position and ;
; firmer late Continental markets: closed VaOHc
i net higher: No. 2 red January, $1 »!',
' i:.-16c: closed, $1 01 T *c; May. 92 13-16@fl3'»c; ;
i closed. 93c.
1 HOPS— Firm.
! WOOl^— Steady.
1 PETROLEUM— DuU.
METALS— was no improvement appre- 1
ciable In the metal market. According to the I
New York Mewl Exchange plglron warrants
closed dull, $6 60fi« 70.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, ;
$10 85@11.
TlN— Easier. $13 75513 85.
SPELTER— $3 K7H<?4.
LEAD— DuII, $3 6f"&3 K. The firm that fixes
the settling price for miners' and smelters*
quotes head at $3 55.
COFFEE— Options closed dull, with prices
net unchanged to 5 points decline. Sales. 4500
bags, including: January. $."> 50: March. $.". 7."..
Spot coffee— Rio held higher; No. 7 invoice,
6*. 4 c; No. 7 jobbing, 6%ic; mild, quiet; Cordova.
BH©l6c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 96 test. 4Hc: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5665 packages; steady;
Western creamery, 14^<fr20c: Elglns. 20c.
Receipts. 31R3 packages: steady: State
and Pennsylvania. 23®25c; Western, 23@24c.
DRIED FRTITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. 19.— California dried
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7®7%c;
fruits: Apples, firm.
prime wire tray, *«?12e: wood dried, prime,
B'Ac: choice, S%c; fancy, 9(g9^c. • -■.;.-■.<■ .
PRUNES— SftSc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. E@7V»e; Moorpark. Mile.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7S?10c: peeled. 12@20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKETS.
CHICAGO. Jan. 19.— Wheat started with some
show of weakness. As usual, the opening was
greatly Influenced by Liverpool, and the action
of that market on this occasion was a disap
pointment to the bulls. Liverpool opened '413)
%d higher, but by opening time here that ad
vance had nearly all been lost. The market,
however, was only slightly affected, and after
a few minutes hesitation a firm undertone was
shown. May, which closed yesterday at SIS'??
91V. opened to-day at 91V«c. sold at 91% c and
for some time stood at about 91U@31%c. About
11 o'clock the market became strong and ad
vanced to 91V4C. The July option was the fea
ture of the trade, however. It opened at S1T&0
S2c, or %c under yesterday's price, but started
up at once, and by the time May had reached
91% c July had advanced to 83c. A great d»*al
of the early buying of July was credited to the
Letter people, which had the effect of not only
driving local shorts to cover, but outside shorts
as well, as for a time the trading In that
option was decidedly warm.
The advance that followed the opening de
cline was In the face of a good deal of bearish
Information brought in over the wires. Besides
the early loss at Liverpool, Flour at Paris was
reported 20 centimes lower for March-June
term: English country markets were from 6d to
Is lower, and a well-known Paris, grain dealer
cabled that French duties were Immovable,
that crop prospects for next harvest was mas
nificent and that the requirements of foreign
Wheat in that country from now to July 1
were only about 14,000.000 bushels. Afterward
the clcsinc cables from Parts quoted both
Wheat and Flour from M to 15 centimes higher,
and from Antwerp a rif» of 12M centimes was
advised. Liverpool closed >*d higher for the
day for March Wheat and V t <i lower for May.
Clearances from Atlantic and" Gulf ports were
equal In Wheat and Flour to SK.MQ bushels.
Local receipts were 17 cars, against 20 the
similar day of the year before.
Realizing by local longs became quite free
in the afternoon. In both the May and July
options, and slight declines ensued. The ex
treme dullness which set in .during the last
half hour also had Its influence, and the mar
ket was weak at the close. May at 9114 c and
July at 92% c.
There was some improvement in the trade In
Corn. The market was weak on general sell
ing by room traders. May ranged from 29c to
28H@2S%c. and closed a shade higher at 28v»c.
Market for Oats was dull, as In the other
grain pits. The start* was easy, but the ad
vance in Wheat and Corn was followed by
Oats.
Considerable Interest was shown In Provis
ions and prices advanced. Later the market
became weak and nearly all the advance was
[oat. At the clobp May park «a:; H4c higher at
*3 59, May lard IHe lower at $4 724 and May
ribs unchanged at $4 7. >.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
1 Articles-; Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— .
January .91% 92 91% si i
May 9114 914 9uJ 91%
July 82 S3 81J4 82%
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, J ACTUARY 20, 1898.
Corn No. —
January 26H 26% 26H 26H
May ....* 88% 29 29V IST*
July 29"i 30 2Mi 80
Oats No. 2—
May 23H 23% 234 28%
July 22 224 22 22*
Mess Pork, per bbl —
January 9 45 9 45 9 40 9 40
May » 9 47H 960 946 950
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January .4 65 ,4 65 4 62^ 4 624
May .; 475 ■480 < 4 724 4 72>i
July 4 85 4 87& 4 824 4 82*4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— '
January . 4 65
May ..4 75 4 80 4*75 4 7:.
 Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
Steady. No. 2 spring wh«-nt. 87©37% c; No. 3
spring wheat, hard, 86®S9c; No. I red. 92'5 93c;
No. 2 corn. 27c: No. 2 oats. 23c; No. 3 white, f.
o. b., 24'fr25c: No. 2 rye. 44»ic; No. 1 flaxseed,
SI 20@l 24; prime timothy seed. $2 724: mess
pork, per bbl. $0 40ifr9 45: lard, per 100 IT)*.
$4 624®4 C 5; short 1 ribs - sides <loose>. »4 S2HO
4 524: dry salted shoulders (boxed), J4 75^5;
short clear sides (boxed), $4 75: whisky, dis
tillers' finished goods,- per gal. $1 19.
Articles- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 10.000 9,000
Wheat, bu 41.000 11.000
Corn, bu 321.000 I2s.<wi
Oats, bu 315.000 140.000
Rye. bu 9.onn . 8,881
Barley, bu 186.086 14,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy. Creameries. 13*JlS'.'.c; '•
dairies. n<gl7c: cheese, quiet, B©S4c; eggs,
easy, fresh. 19c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts. '
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 203.320 27.720
Duluth '. 33.177 5,000
Milwaukee 16,230 650
Chicago 40.700 11.42S
Toledo 13,700 5.800
St. Louis 13.000 2,000
Detroit 9. ISO 12.173
Kansas City 23.000 14,188
Totals 354,827 79.271
Tidewater-
Boston _ 6.000
New York _.... 63.900 109.77«
Philadelphia 7..... 7,281 4- •
Baltimore 64.496 186.12 1
New Orleans
Totals 126,277 599.792
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 60 00 58 75
Closing 60 10 69 10
Flour—
Opening 2*35 27 65
Closing 28 40 27 75
LIVERPOOL. WHEAT FUTURES. .
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 7 4 71H 6 10% 654
Closing 7 3", 7% 6 10 6 5
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.— CATTLE— Sales were
about 10c lower on an average. The greater
part of the beef Fteers crossed the scale? at
5( >t.",10, the po.,r>-st lota around 13 80« M.
wt.ih" extra choice heeves were firm at jr. 3T>
Tio SO. Stockers and feeders sold mostly at
88 88894 88: prime feeders at $i 35@4 4S. Fat
OOWa and heifers were steady at $3 2".f14 2".
Calve* were steady.
HOGS— TIM extreme ranee paid for Inferior
to prime, droves of hogs was $3 WVff3 774, the
bulk of the sales being at J'i 60&3 70, while
pica went largely at 13 4608 CO.
SHEEP— SoId at »2 60@4 50 for Inferior to
prime flocks, yearlings at $4 40-fr4 75. and lamb?
at $4(&5 85. Ffd Western Fhe,>p brought |
4 50, and Western lambs found purchasers at
' ■. a few selling for $5 66. Sheep ibowed
n<> important change In prices.
Receipts— Cattle. 15.000; Hogs, 31,000; Sheep.
20.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 19.— CATTLE— Receipts,
official. 6700. Western and Texans generally
slow to 10 cents lower; cows and heifers,
strong to ISO higher; stockers and feeders,
steady. Texas steers. $3 60@4 35; Texas cows.
; - 5003 40; Western steers, 88 2504 35;- native
steers, $3 60694 90: native cows and heifers. $2
64 2:,: stockers and feeders, $3 2504 75; bulls,
$2 504?3 65.
HOGS— Receipts, official. 19.600. Market
opened steady; closed r.c lower. Bulk of sales,
13 1674: heavies. S3 46498 60; packers. J3 50
©3 88; mixed. $3 4563 65; lights. %3 3503 55;
yorkera, 88 6D#S 66: pigs. S3«i3 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, official, 2900. Market
steady to strong; lambs, $l@s 60; muttons, $3 60
'ii 4 40.
OMAHA.
SOUTH OMAHA. Jan. 19.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1500. Market weak; native beef steers.
$3 65® 4 80; Western steers. $3 60® 4 35: Texas
; steers. IMS 60: cows and heifers. 12 80®3 90:
canners. $2©2 75; stockers and feeders. $3 70®
4 60: calves, W3G: bulls, stags, etc.. $2 25«3 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market strong; 5c
i higher. Heavy, $3 4"; i" 60: mixed, $3 50413 55;
. light. $3 5563 65: bulk of pales. $3 MO3 60.
SHEEP— MM. Market steady; fair
Ito choice natives. $3 7f><<?4 SO; fair to choice
Westerns. $3 60^4 16; common and stock sheep,
J3'cj3 85; lambs, $4 GOGS 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, Jan. 19.— CATTLB— Receipts, 200.
Market slow but steady. Beef steers, J3f/4 IS;
cows. $2 7S#I 50; bulls, stags, etc.. $1 7553;
calves. 1448*75; Mockers and feeders, $3 4604.
HOGS— Receipts. 700. Market firm; light
Pikers, $3 45® 3 BSH; heavy, $3 25@3 (0; mixed,
$3 47>*eJ 65.
SHEEP— receipts or shipments; no quo
tations.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 19.— The American Wool and
. Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the
wool market: A more featureless week In th»
wool market has not been witnessed In a very :
, long time. Last year at this time the market
was very active. The difference in the situa
tion Is shown In the fact that a week ago
the sales of wool since January 1, IS9S. were
10.958.000 pounds, against 7.165.600 pounds In
1 IS9J, whereas the sales to the present time are ;
14.335,000 pounds, against 13,633,700 pounds last |
, year.
As a matter of fact the present volume of
business would a few years ago have been con
sidered very satisfactory. The enormous tran
1 sactions which characterized the tariff year
! have made the earlier period seem quite re
mote. Pome persons, however, are now
1 awakening to the fact that the market is at
i present In about what may be truthfully called
a normal condition.
A feeling of confidence exists on all sides
and the demand for wool has been of a gen-
I eral character the past week. Prices are firmly
maintained and It would be difficult to point
i out a locality where concessions would be
likely to be made.
LONDON WOOL BALEB.
LONDON, Jan. 19.— The wool auction sales
were continued to-day with a good attend
i ance of buyers. The American buyers also
purchased the finest Merinos, their purchases
I yesterday and to-day amounting to about
! 1500 ■ bales. The offerings to-day were 12..
bales, and the following are the sales In detail:
New South Wales, 2700 bales; scoured. Is
; ©•Is Id; greasy, 6Ud(fflld.
Queensland, 1500 bales; scoured, Is2d@ls
4Ud : greasy. 6d«T9V4d.
Victoria. 1100 bales; scoured. Is 4d@ls 4%d;
greasy. MlglO'.^d.
I South Australia, 2000 bales; scoured. Is 14d;
' greasy. su,.lTi9d
West Australia, 2'<v> bales: scoured, 10Hd©
10\d; greasy. 4 1 »sd'&9d. •• ,•_
THE IRON TRADE.
CHICAGO, Jan. 19.— The Industrial World
I to-morrow will say: Activity In iron and
I steel continues beyond the normal proportions
jof the season. Foundry men are buying pig
iron as a substitute for cast scrap, stocks of
' the latter being exhausted. Iron bars are In
; demand, but newly started Western mills are
! shading prices In some large and choice or
ders. Quotation Is $1 05. Steel products gen
1 erally are Btrong.
, FOREIGN MARKETS.
i LONDON. Jan. Consols, 112 9-16^112 11-16;
'. Silver, 26Hd: French rentes, 103f 7Hc@lo3f 15c.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 19.— Wheat, firm; cargoes
i off coast, firm; cargoes on passage, quiet;
steady; English country markets, port, 6d to Is
cheaper; French country markets, quiet and
steady; Liverpool Wheat. No. 1 California. 7s
10iir<i7s lid.
! COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-IM.
CLOSE.
j CORN — Futures steady: January, Ss 4d; Feb
ruary. 3s 2*4 d; March. 3s I",'
! HOPS— At London. Pacific Coast, firm. £5.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
; WASHINGTON. Jan. 19.— T0-day's statement
: of the condition of the treasury, shows: Avail
! able cash balance, 240, 151,695; gold reserve,
$162,909,102.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Jan. 19.— Exchanges, $214,423;
balances. $37.416.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
TACOMA. Jan. 10.— Wheat dull. but He
1 higher. No. 1 blue-stem. 74^c: No. 1 club,
71^c.
PORTLAND. Jan. 19— Wheat— Walla.
nOTlVfcc; Valley and bluestem, 73@74c per
bushel.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — {4 83%
Sterling Cables _ 4 ««
New York Exchange, 5ight. ....... — 171*
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce.. : — E6H
Mexican Dollars 47 474
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
Both future and spot prices were stronger, as
will be seen.
Tidewater ■ quotations are as follows: $137%
?1 3SH. for No. 1. $l 40 for choice and $1 «u«*
13 per ctl tor extra choice {or milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 6ooo ctls,
SI 38 1 -.; 42,000. $1 3S\i.
Second Session— May— l4.ooo ctls. $1 35%; 32.
000, $1 38H; 30.000, $1 3S\i; December, 2000,
*1 27%.
Regular Morning Session — May— 6ooo ctla,
SI 3SH: 4000. II 35%; 24.000. $1 381,.
Afternoon Session— May— l2,ooo ctls, $1 38^;
4000. $1 35%.
BARLEY— The blowing over of the predicted
rain hardened the market and futures were
higher. The spot market was firm, but no
higher.
Feed. 92Ui5595c for dark to good, and 97Hcfr»l
for choice: Brewing, $1 1001 12>-i for No. 1 and
$1 02U@i 05 per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal On— lull 8 11 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May— 2"oo ctls. R?Hc: 2000,
88Hc; 4000. (*%c;_ 4000, BS"sc; 10.000, 89c: 2000,
B8Hc; 2000, SS*,c.
Regular Morning Session— May— l6.ooo ctls,
90c; 4000, 89% c: SOOO. S9«4c; 4000, 90V t c; 2000. 90Hc.
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls, 90Hc; 18,
000. 90>-;c: 2000. 90«ic
OATS— Steady and unchanged.
Fancy Feed, $1 20@l 23 per ctl: good to
choice. $1 ltoi 171*.; common. $1 10@l 12V4:
Surprise. $1 SOI SB: Red. II 30ffl 40; Gray.
*1 12H01 17U; Milling tl 07H^l 12%: Black,
for seed, $1 86891 50. Clipped Oats sell at $1®
? per ton over the raw product.
CORN Holders are Inclined to advance
prices, but buyers are slow to respond. The
market in firm, however.
Small Round V.-'l iw i-'tr<fti per ctl; Large
Yellnw «7M.^JfJI: White. ?i2«-<???7«ic
RYE— Firm, at fl OS per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— tl rp .. 175 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTVFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
14 f50?4 BE: Bakers' extras. $4 3004 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
low, umal discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per ion lbs; Rye Flour. $2 SO per $100 ■
Rice Flour. J. 5 75; Cornmeal. $2 23: extra cream
do. $3: Oatmeal, IS 50: Oat Groats. $4. Hom
iny, $3 10OS 39; Buckwheat Flour. $4: Cracked
Wheat, t3 60; Farina. *4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour. S3 25: Rolled Oats (bbls). JSO& 40: In
sacks, $4 RO-9* 20: Pearl Barley, $4; Split Peas.
$3 60; Green do. $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF'S.
Bran and Middlings are firm and another ad
vance Is not Improbable. There Is no change
In Hay.
BRAN— SI 9 .'.0520 50.
MIDDLINGS— 1219* 60.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. 521®22 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. S2S :.0®29 50;
jobbing. »30; Cocoanut Cake. 519@20; Cotton
seed Meal. J2?<",T3O per ton.
HAY— (Ex-car in round 'Wheat. $13 60
«f?IS per ton: Wheat and Oat. $13@15: Oat.
t12^14; Barley. J12i??13 SO; compressed. $13 50*?
15 50; Alfnlfa. $10 50(91160; stock. JlOgll 60;
Clover. 110gT12 per ton.
STRAW— per hale.
RHANS AND SEEDS.
The only change Is a slight advance in Pinks.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 90®3: Small Whites.
$1 25@1 40; Large Whites. $1 20-51.35; Pinks.
$1 80691 86; Rfds. $1 6891 70; Blackeye. 12 i:,ft
2 60; Butters, 814069180; Limas. SI 65@1 75;
Pea. Jl 2645 I 49 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard. J25?2 50; Flax. 81 905?2; Canary Seed,
2»4(fT2%ic per tb; Alfalfa. 3S«c; Rape, 889>%«;
Her"P. 3c; Timothy. PV-c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles". $1 25: Green. $1 • 20©
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGFTARLES.
There is very little Asparagus coming in at
the moment. Onions and Potatoes are un
changed.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 6O(fj!7Oc: River Reds.
45050 c; River Burbanka. 50665 c: Oregon Bur
banks. 88088 c; Salinas Burbanks. TfuOH:
Sweet Potatoes. 50c per . ctl for Rivers and
fiO<37sc for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes,
2"~c per TV
ONIONS— 2r.'S2 50 per ctl; cut Onions,
$1 Kfltffj rwr «nrk.
VEGETABLES— Mti«hrooms. ISC per Tb; Mar
rowfnt Snuash. J12f?15 per ton; Hubhard
Squash, r ■■^■: Tier t"n: ivied Peppers s?rf>o
per It); Dried Okra. l".c: Cahhnge. 80O7! per
Ctl: Carrots. i:'i >'.•■■• per sack: Garlic. 3'T34c per
tb: Asparaerus, — per TT».
Ix>s Angeles Green Pens. <496 c; String Beans.
— ; Tomatoes. sAc(fTsl: Gr°en Peppers. 20c per
tb; Summer Squash, 10c; Egg Plant. 15c per Tb.
« POI'LTP.Y AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold nt lfc? for Tur
keys. S3 88 for Dock*. 8] 75 for Geese, $5@5 60
for Hens and young Roosters, and $4 60 for
Fryers and old Roosters. Local stock is dull
and weak.
Game is out of favor and lower.
rnri.Tic-
Live Turkeys. 9910 c for Gobblers and 10©lle
for Hens: dressed Turkeys, li-Tii3c per tb;
Geese, per pair. •1 2.'.tfjl 75; Pucka, S4@C;
Hens. IS ."<WIS; ■••■--. young, J4CJS; do old.
$3 50r<?4: Fryers. J4<74 50: Broilers. $1 2")04 M)
for large an I V • i lor small: Ptsreons, $1 50©2
per dozen for young and $1 for old.
GAME— per doi. 75c€41: Mallard.
8898; Canvasback. J3<f?4: Sprie. iWI 75: Teal.
~:>c<@sl: WMjfMn. TSctffn: Small Ducks. S«c©81:
Gray Geese. J2@2 SO; White. 75c»«l; Brant. $1
(SI 50: Honkers. B*4t4; English Snipe. II 78©!;
Jack Snips. II; Hare, $1; Rab. ts. 11253150
for Cottontails, and TacflJt for small.
ni'TTER, CHEESE AND 8008.
Butter is no lower, but weak. E«?gs continue
to decline and Cheese Is also weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creameries, 25@26c: sec
onds. 231J21C.
Dairy — fholc* to fancy, 22j?23c; lower grades,
20<521c per Vt<.
Eastern Butter — Creamery. 22@23c;' ladle
packe.l. 1"M MIC per tb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 11©11U C : com
mon to roo<l. ■ -iff; Cream Cheddar. infrilc;
Young America. 11H<tI2Hc: Western. llC12o:
Eastern. 1?'-S?13Vtr per Ib.
EOC.g Ranch Errs, 22<g23c per dor.; store
Errs. IS© We.
DECII'Ui iTS AXP CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples and Oranges are very dull and the
feeling is rather weak than otherwise. Limes
are well r leaned op
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $7@S per bbl: Coos Bay. $1 50©
2 per box.
Apples. 2S'i?49c per box for common. SOco{l
for good to choice and $1 2i2 i for fancy:
Lady Apples. Wc{?sl for large boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranicea, II 2."«
2 25; Seedlings r<Vsjtl; Mandarins. 11/Ql 50
for larße an.l 655?75c for smali boxen; Grape
Fruit. $2 W.ir, per box: lemons, 60c@$l for
common and SI ""^2 for jrood to choice; Mexi
can Limes. $" per box: California Limes, In
small boxes. BOWTac: Bananas, $1 15@2 25 per
bunch: Pineapples, S3® 4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAIPIXS, ETC.
Beyond the demand for Prunes on Eastern
account there is nothing doing.
DRIED FRUITS — Prunes, carload lots.
3?i@4»ic for 40-50's. ni€N%C for CO-60's.
2%©3»ic for 60-70's. 2i.4'(2 i .4'(i 1 2»ic for 70-80's.
I*»e2'ic for W-Wa, lM<Ttl\c for 90-10o> :
Peaches. 3Q'4Hc; fancy. t>QV.ic; peeled. 190
l-"i'-. Apricots. 506 c for Royals and 7®3c for
good to fancy Moorparks: evaporated Apples,
• ■4S7C; sun-dried, tO4He; black Ftps. in Backs.
2^2Vic: Plums, 4%®4»ic for pitted and lfflVic
for unpltted; bleached Plums. 5©5% c; Nec
tarines, 4esc for prime to fancy; Pears, 2%t&
4V4c for quarters and 3^sVic for halves, accord
ing to color, etc.
RAISINS— Raisins. *%<i?3c for two
crown, if for three-crown, 5c for four-crown.
BV4c for Seedless Sultnnas and $1 10@l 15 for
London layers; dried Crapes, 2*ic.
NUTS — Chestnuts are quotable at S^lOc per
rb; Walnuts. s@6c for hardshell and 6®Tc
for softKhell; Almonds. !'--'s'34c for hardshell.
MR** for Foftshell and 7SSc for paper-shell:
Peanuts. 4^sHc for Eastern and 44 for n i|
fornla; Pecans, 6V4®Sc; Filberts. BVi®loc: Bra
ill Nuts. B©oc pcr"tt>; Cocoanuts. $4 50(fJ5 per
HONF.Y- Comb. ??iloc for brlcht and sis
7c for lower trades; new water-white ex
tracted, 4Ui?r.c; l! ht amber extracted. 3\©4V»c
per Th.
BEESWAX— 23«?2S<' per 1T».
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacort. B>4c per tb for
heavy, ftp for light medium. 10c for light. 10>4,'j
for extra light and T2c for sugar-cured : East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 10H$llc: California
Hams. 9®9Hc: Mess Beef. $S 50 per bbl; extra
mess do, JS 50; family do, S11012; salt Pork.
♦SOS TO; extra prime Pork, $9 50: extra clear,
$16; mess. {14 M; Smoked Beef. Itt4®i:?ic per
IT).
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at SVic per Tb
for compound rind 6c for pure: palls. 7c: Cali
fornia tierces, r.c per Tb for compound and Bo
for pure: half-bbla. 6Hc; 10- !b tins, 7c; do 5-lt>,
7%c per Th. -
COTTOLc:NE— Tierces. ST4<f6%c: packages,
less than 300 n>s— l-Tb pulls. 60 in a case. B%c:
3-tb pails, 20 in a case, SHe; r.-TT. palls. 12 In a
ease. Kijc: 10-n> pails. 6 In si case. Rtj,c: 50-tb
tins, or« or two In n case. 7*<c: wooden buck
ets. 20 n>s.net. Vir: 'nncv tubs. SO tt>s net. 7Hc;
half-bbls. about 110 Ths. 7*4 c per ">.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands »ell
at lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
iowinu r «, r ]n: medium. 9c; lljrht." »c: Cow
hides. P@<»Hc: Stags. fie: salted Kip. 10c: Calf.
lie: dry Hides. IGo: culls and brands. • 13c: dry
Kip and Veal. »{?lsc: dry Calf. lSOJOc; culls.
l«®17e; Goatskins. 20«M7%c each: Kids. 6@loe;
Deerskins, irtxxl summer. |ffk per lb: me
dium. 20c: winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shearling,
So©3oc each: short wool. 4n*J>7'v- each; medium.
70W!¥V: loni? wools. 90<"i?Jl SO each. - ■
TALLOW— 1 rendered. I^SHe per Ib: No.
J. !«?»u.c: refined, r.c: Grease. 2f?2%c.
WOOL— Pall Middle counties— free. 10JJ
l*e: do defective. IO^JIIp: Sun Joanuln. defec
tive. 7«W>r; Southern Mountain. Wile: free
Northern. TXtIV: do defective. <*s?nc: Hum
t*»l<lt and Menfloclno. iTJr1 r r; Eastern Oregon.
96"Hr- Valiev Oregon. \*<ff\flc.
TTOPS— OId crop. ?Wfic for poor to fat* and 9
©10c for. cood; new crop. 11<?1*e per lb.
O-ENEnAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags. 1898 delivery.
6%<f?s»;c: .Wool Baps; 27©snc. r
COALr-Welllnirton. : %$; New Wellington. $8;
Bouthfleia Wellington.' r7 50: Seattle. IS B0;
Sryant, »5 50; Coos Bay, $« 75; WallsenJ, |7 00;
Cumberland, $14 60 In bulk and $16 In sack*;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. «15; Cannel. $i
per ton; Rock. Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $7 60: Coke. *13 per ton In bulk and
$15 In aacka.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 614 c; Pom-dered. t%c. Dry
Granulated. 6\c: Confectioners" A. s\c- Mag
nolia A. s«te; Extra C. s>4c; Golden C Mic;
Candy Granulated, 5T4c; California A. 64c per
ib; half-bbls more than barrels, aud boxes
He more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BKEF— First quality. 64'<f7c; second do, 5H#
6c: third do. 4tJsc per lb.
VEAl>— Large. s@6c: small. 6®7c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. ««7c: ewes. 6c per tb.
I.AMB- Spring, nominal.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3N^4c for large and
3S<S34c for small and SN^^c for medium;
soft Hogs. 2V&3%c: dressed, do, 6@6c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday. January 19.
Flnur. qr sks ... U.IM Lime, bbls 363
Wheat, rt'.a 2.130 Chicory, bbls ... M
Barley, ctls 1.395 Hay. tons 374
fheese. ctls 151 Wool, bales 12
Butter, ctls lf,l F.ggs. .loz 5.94-1
Tallow, ctls 3fi Pelts, hdls 44.i
Beans, sks 4,22. Hides, no I^l
Potatoes, sks .. L4S£ Quicksilver, flsk. 2*
Bran, sks 600 Leather, rolls .. 170
Middlings, sks .. 4W'Wine, gals 53.000
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks .. 371
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks still drag along In the same
old groove, with no fluctuations worthy of
note.
Sierra Nevada ts assessed 20 centa.
The annual election of the Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company was held Tuesday and the
following were elected directors: D. J. Staples,
John O. Earl. John Barton, John H. Gardiner.
John T. Wright. Thomas S. Chard. W. H.
Brown. F. W. Lougee, J. C. Coleman, John j
Birmingham. William J. Dutton. The state
ment of the company shows assets of $3,738,300;
reinsurance reserve, $1,232,756; net surplus,
$1,237,049.
The Sierra Nevada Mining Company has re
elected the old board of directors, with Charles
H. Fish as president, E. L. Parker secretary
and Roger Prendorgast superintendent.
■ The Commercial Insurance Company has re
elected the old directors and officers for IS9B,
with Charles A. La ton as secretary.
The Coast Development Company of
Tuolumne County has levied an assessment of
6 cents per share, delinquent February 14.
The Pacific Lighting Company has re-elected
the old directors and officers, with J. M. Liv
ingston as president and C. O. O. Miller as
secretary and treasurer.
The Alaska-Mexican Mining Company has
declared the usual quarterly dividend of 10
cents per share, aggregating $18,000, payable
on the 28th.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session— 9:2o.
300 Chollar 22 1 30 Potosl 25
100 Hale A Norcrs..l 25. 50 30
200 Justice 33 150 Savage 14
100 Mexican 21 :>'•*•.:
Afternoon Session — 2:30.
100 Belcher 36 100 Justice 33
200 Best & Berchr.. 44 100 34
200 Bullion 0* I.V) Sierra Nev 55
lOOChollar 22 100 54
200 Con Cal & Va..l 10 100 Union Con 35
10 100,100 Utah 09
50 Hale & Norcrs..l 25 i
Following were the sales inthe Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session — 10:30.
1400 Alta 14 200 35
1000 15450 Hale & Norcrs..l 25
300 Andes IS 2>«> Justice 3.1
800 Belcher 3:. Ophlr 54
200 Con Gal & Va.. 14 200 Potosl 30
300 : 1 10, GOO Savage IS
300 Crown Point ... 23 300 Sierra Nev 68
200 21 400 Yellow Jacket... 30
200 Gould & Curry.. 33
Afternoon Session.
Alta 14 100Ophlr 63
.' ■■■ 1.-her 37 1200 Potosl 30
200 Best & Belchr .. 44,200 Sierra Nev 66
600 Bullion o:i r.oo 55
200 ■liar 221300 M
200 Cod c l & Va..l 101200 Union Con 35
200 Crown Point ... 23 ! Utah 09
300 24 .".I hi M
300 26; 500 Yellow Jacket... 32
400 Gould & Curry.. 32jE00 31
100 Mexican 20 i ,;"•;.;.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 19—4 p. m.
Alpha ("6 07 Julia — 02
Alta 13 14 Justice 35 36
Andes 10 14lKentuck 4 05
Belcher 37 3-; Mexican 20 21
Best & Belchr. 44 46 ; Occidental 143 —
Bullion OS COtOphir 51 54
Caledonia — IS 'Overman 09 10
Chollar 21 22 '.Potosl 30 31
Con Cal & Va.l 10 115 Savage 14 16
Challenge Con. 2S M Seg Belcher 05 06
Con Imp 01 02 Scorpion — 05
Confidence — Sierra Nev .... 54 EG
Crown Point .. 24 2.. Silver Hill .... 03 04
Con New York. — 02 -Standard 150 —
Eureka Con ... 25 — j Union Con 35 36
Gould & Curry. 30 32 Utah 08 09
Hale & Norcrs.l 20 130 Yellow Jacket. 31 32
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 19—2 p. m.
Bid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
4s quar c0up. .114 115% Oakland Gas.. 55% —
4s quar reg..H2 — Pac Gas 1m... 93% 94
I 4s quar new. ..125 — I Pac L Co 56U 57
Miscellaneous— B F G & E... 95>4 95S
Cal-st Cab 55. 1124 — San Fran 3>4 3%
Cal El L .126% — Stockton Gas. 14*4 —
C C Wat 55... 100 — I Insurance —
Dup-st ex c. — 95% ; Flrems F,nd..197 —
1 E L & P 65.. 129 — j Bank Stocks—
F& Ch Ry65.116 — Anglo-Cal .... 66% —
Ceary-st R ss. 93V4102 Bank of Ca1.. .245 250
H C & S 6%. .105 — Cal SD & T.. — 101
LAL Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ....200 210
Do gntd 65.. 99 Mi Lon P & A. .12314 —
'. Market-st 65.. 126 — M°r Exchnge. 12 —
Do Ist M 55. 114 114% Nev Nat 8...150 —
Nat Vln 6s Ist -- 100 Savings Banks—
NCg Ry 75. .100 101 Cer S & L..1475 1620
NRy Cal 65. .110 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NKy Cal 55. .102 — Mutual Say. 35 40
N P C Uy 104% — S F Say 1.. 475 ' —
N I' C Rv 6s. 99% — iS & L 50.... — 100
I Oak Gas 55... 104 — ! Security S 8.250 —
Do 2d is 6a. .111 112 Union T Co 950 —
Om Ry 6s 125»;i29% Street Railroad—
P&O Ry 6s.HO 115 California ....10« 109
P&CH Ry 6s. — 110 Geary 40 —
Powell-fit 6s .118V22 Market-ot .... 53 53»i
Reno WL&L.. — 105 Oak SL& H. — —
Sac ElecßySs. — 100 Presidio 7 —
SF& N P ss.lo4*;iOsVi Powder—
SPof Ar 65..101<5.102 California .... 92%107%
B P Cal 6s 10914110 E Dynamite .. — 90
I SPC lot eg ss. P6%100 Giant Con Co 3514 35%
S P I'.r 6s Mi 103% Vlgorit 3% 3%
S V Wat 6s..U»^i — I Miscellaneous —
S V Wat 45..102H102T41A1 Pao Assn.. — 100
Stock C.as .100 — Ger I>l Wks..loo 150
Water— H C & B Co.. 314 31%
Contra Costa. 65 58 Hutch S P Co. « 434
Marin Co 50 — ' Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Spring Val . ..100141004 : Nat Yin Co .. — 74
Gas & Electric— Oc S Co 36 37
Cent Gaslight. 98% — Pac A F Al.. 14 3
Capital Gas..". — — Pac Bor C 0... 93 —
MEL C 0.... 154 ISH'Par Paint Co. 6*4 —
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
50 Giant Powder Con 88 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar 31 50
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 43 00
20 Market-street Railway 53 tP/k
SO Oceanic Steamship Co 33 25
JOO do do 35 50
IS S F Gas and Electric 95 25
300 8 F Gaslißht 3 2.".
30 Spring Valley Water 100 50
Street—
100 Spring Valley Water 100 50
AFTERNOON SESSION.
40 Giant Powder Con 38 374
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 31 "7H
75 do do 31 .V)
3:. Market-street Railway 53 12%
$7000 Northern Ry of Cal 63 Bonds 110 00
150 Oceanic Steamship Co 85 73
5 S F Gas and Electric Co 95 25
10 do do ..'. 95 37*4
20 Spring Valley Water 100 37%
$1000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 75
$1000 S P of A Bonds 101 75
Street—
$3000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s Bonds 110 00
REfIL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Annie Vredenburgrh to Thomas D. Rlordan.
lot on E line a# Van Ness avenue. 6t> N of
Turk street. N 30. E 100, S 22. W 4, 8 8. W
96: $5.
G. J. Becht to G. J. Becht Company (a cor
poration), lot on N line of Clay street, 220 W
of Scott. W 25 by N 127:SU: *10.
Patrick W. Lahaney to Margaret Lahaney.
lot on N line of Twenty-first street, 75 W of
Treat avenue, W 26 by N 110: gift.
Patrick \V. Lahaney to Thomas and Cath
erine Hennessy. lot on W line of Shotweii
street, 35 N of Nineteenth. N H by \V 122:6; JlO.
H. H.. Oeorpie C. and Sophie C. Buhne and
Mary Buhne Pratt to A. H. Buhne. undivided
four- fifths of lot on N line of Twenty-fifth
street. 190:6 E of Church. E 51 by N 314; also
lot on s\V corner of Chestnut and Webster
streets. S 12rt by W 192:6; $5.
Estate of John Glngß <by Lovell White and
Martfaretha G'njcK. executors) to Emtl Glngg,
lot on NE corner of Pine street and Quincy
place, also 72 E of Dupont, E 22 by N 59; $10,
000.
Louis Thrnn to Hedwlg Thron, lot on S line
of Greenwich ntreet. 87: C E of Lnrkln, E 2o
by S 137 6, gift.
John and Abby SegKerson to John T>. Mc-
Carthy, lot on N\V line of Shipley street, 75
SW of Fifth. BW B by XW IS; Imn,
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Herman
W. and Emllle Quast. lot on E line of San
Bruno avenue (Nebraska), 150 N of Twentieth
(Napa\N 25 by E 100; $10.
Vf. w. Cope to James T. Soya, lot on SE
corner of Twentieth avenue and O street, S 190,
E 2»0:2. N 202:11. W 240: S3OO.
Catherine Marks to Johannah Bock, lot 5,
block B. Lakeview; $10.
Paul F. E. and Martha Steiner to Hermann
Hofstetter, lots 7 and 10, block 311. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; $10.
IV'-iflc Stateß S. L. & B. Co. to Giovanni
Mij-'iiola. lr-t on SE line of Porter street, 80
NE of Warden, NE SO. SK 150, SW S3. NW 12S.
block 23. West Knd map 2: $10.
James and Agnes Patterson to Wilfred Lamb,
lot on N line of Montana street. 490 X of Ori
zaba. E 25 by N 125. block U, Railroad Home
stead; $10.
fllameda County.
O. B. Sturtevant to B. C. Fabrique. lot on
S line of Twenty-first street. 130 E of Brush.
S 100. E 20, NE 72.47. N 70. W lt:5U, W 34:9, to
beginning, being portion W. B. Smith tract.
Oakland; $10.
Pacific Lumber Company (a corporation) to
May L. De Camp (wife of J. p >, lot on NE
line of Hamilton place, 473.95 NW of Oakland
avenue, NE 90, NW 30, SW 7.*, SE 35. 65, to be
ginning, being lot 17. Hamilton tract. Oak
land; $10.
Mary A. Gunn to William T. Harris, lot on
S line of Isabella street, 560 W of San Pablo
avenue, W 96:4. S to N line land described in
deed by Mary A. Gunn toNels J. Swenson, in
2SI 321: thence SE In a straight line to point
of intersection of N and TV lines of parcel of
land described In deed by Mary A. Gunn to
Peter Madsen In 278 d 2. .0: thence SK along
said X lire of land last mentioned and the
propections thereof In a straight line to S boun
dary line of Gunn tract: thence E to W line of
lot 14 in Gunn tract: thence N 13'.«:2V, to be
ginning, being portion of Gunn tract, Oak
land: $10. ».
Malcolm G. and Mary A. King to Bernard
Moses, lot on SE corner Charming Way and
Dana street, E 150 by S 270, block 6, property
College Homestead Association, quitclaim deed
Berkeley: $1.
Edmund and L. A. At well to Marie E.
Hintze, subdivisions 6 and 7 of lot 6, block 23,
Daley's Scenic Park. Berkeley: $10. '
Malcolm and Kittle Odell to same, lot on N
line Le Conte avenue, 270 E of Bonte avenue,
E 25 by N 125. being subdivision 6 of lot 6,
block 23. same, Berkeley: $10.
Manuel R. Rodricks (executor estate Manuel
Rodrieks) to Antonio Francisco, 5.53 acres, be
ginning at a point in SE line 10 acre tract,
of Manuel Rodricks. by deed of September 16,
67 at W corner lands of J. S. Rose and N cor
ner lands of F. Clark: thence SW 1232.3 feet,
NW 195.42 feet, NE 1232 feet, PE 195.4 feet, to
beginning. Washington Township; $1665.
Elsie Sinclair to F. M. Smith, lot on SE line
Railroad avenue with N line Grant street, E
172:4. N 50, W 125:5, SW to beginning, being
lots 73 and 74. block L.. New Map of E part of
Lynn Homestead, East Oakland: $10.
E. J. Davis to J. H. Barker, lot on NW line
Howe street. 225 SW of Amethyst. NW 176, SW
50. SE 166:«, NE 50. to beginning, being lot 9
and SW 20 feet lot 8, block C. Thermal Hill,
formerly the Howe tract, subject to a mort
gage for $1500. Oakland Annex; $10.
Edwin L. Arnest (by commissioner) to John
L. Howard, lot on SW line Grant avenue, 360
SE of Telegraph avenue. SE 30 by SW 115, be
ing portion Mosswood tract, Oakland Annex,
$1450.
Michael and Mary Corbett to John and
Hannah Corbett, lot beginning at a point 64:8
E from E line of Spauldlng avenue and 40 S
from S line of Bancroft way, E 64:8. S 134.88,
W 64.63, N 129 to beginning, Berkeley, quit
claim deed: $5.
John and Hannah Corbett to Michael and
Mary Corbett, lot on E line of Spauldlng ave
nue. 101.55 S of Bancroft way, E 129.25. S 6J.44,
V 120.25, N 61.55 to beginning, being a portion
of block 4. Spaulding tract. Berkeley; $5.
J. W. Bones (by tax collector) to A. Mecaxt
nay. tract of land bounded N by lands or J. N.
TVebster. E by College avenue. S by lands of
J. C. Ross and W by Versailles avenue, Ala
meda: $19.
Angelo M. Dreux to Daniel and Mollle
O Brien. lot on N line of Fifth street. 100 W
of Washington, W 25 by N 100, block SU, Oak
land : $10.
John Titus to Agatha Whlttall, lot on E line
of Alice street, X S of Sixth, V 2V 2 by E 75.
block S9. Oakland: $10.
Patrick McCloskey to James, Henry. Patrick
T.. John B. and William J. McCloskey and
Mary A. Brown (wife of F. G.), lot on W line
v f £*& c treet 50 S of Twenty-eighth, S 50
by W 90, being lots 20 and 21. block 2025. Whit
cher tract, Oakland: $5.
Live bees are sometimes shipped on
ice, so as to keep them dormant during
the Journey. This is particularly the
case with bumble bees, which have
been taken to New Zealand, where
they are useful in fertilizing red clover.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January. 1898.
Mo
Tu.
W.
Th.
Fr.
H
S;,
Moon's Phases
(
'
r^< Full Moon,
£) Jan. 7.
|
I
3 4 6
■
5
•
T
S
. ! t |
I ,1
-
—
I
f<r Last Quarter.
vii. Jan. 15.
»;
'10 11 12
In
IS
20
"1
16
— — —
—
-
17 IS 19
13
n
22
y^i. New Moon,
K£) Jan. 21.
{34 26 28
T,
-
»
i
»
-jv First Quarter
3 Jan. 2.1.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. ! From
Australia Honolulu.
State or CM Portiana ,
Colon Panama
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Willamette... Seattle.
North Fork.... i mimooidt
Ou«M»n 'an Bit-
Empire......... Coos Bay..
Pomona Humboibt Bay .
Bristol Departure Bay
Burma ; Nan.ilmo
City Puebia. . .. Victoria and Pupet Sound
Arc.ita Coos Bay »
Homer Coos Bay :
President. Yaqulna Bay
Washtenaw Tacoma. I
Pro»rr^9O.. ' Seattle
Czarina Coos Bay
Weeott Crescent City
Orizaba Mexico
rolumoia 'Portland j
Coptic ; China and Japan i
Santa Rosa .. 'SanDlero !
Coos Bay Newport.'. j
Walla Walla. .. Victoria and Pu^et Snd... !
A. Blanc hard.. . Oregon ports i
'an 19
'an 20
in 20
Ian 21
Tan 21
Fan 21
tan 21
fan 21
lan 21
fan 22
I.in 22
Jan 22
.Ian 23
Jan 23
Jan 23
Jan 25
Jan 23
Jan 25
Jan 25
Jan 27
Jan 27
Jan 29
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
!
ATION
SATT.B.
Protection. | Seattle Jan 19. 5 pm Pier 3
A Blanchrd Yaqulnaßay.. ' Jan 21, 9 am Pier 13
Coos Bay.. [Newport Jan *L 9 am j Pier 11
Umatllla... Vie & Put Snd Jan 31. 9 am Pi.T ')
San Jose... San Jose de G Jan 22,1s m PM S3
Pomona ... Hnmbldi Bay. Jan 22. 2 py Pier a
State of Cal Portland Jan 23.10 am Pier 24
Ouwn San Dlero. . Jan 23.11 asi Pier 11
Crescent C. Crescent City. Jan 24, 3 pm Pier —
Australia.. Honolulu. Jan 25. 2pm PM S3
Homer Newport... Jan 25. 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coos Bay Jan 25.10 am PI or 13
Weeott I Humbldt Bay. Jan 25, I pm Pier 13
Czarina — Coos Bay Jan 25, spm Pier 8
CltyPnebla Vie & Pert Snd Jan 2«, 9 am Pier 9
Peru ChtnaAJapan. Jan 28. 1 pm Pier 11
Santa Rosa San Diegro.... Jan 27, 11 am Pier 11
Columbia.. Portland Jan 28.10 am Pier 24
DelKorte.. Grays Harbor Jan 30. 12 M Pier 2
SUN, jIOOX AND TlLfci.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrar
Tlmjs and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent
NOTE-The hi B h and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharO about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide l» th# name at both places'
JANUARY-1898.
Wednesday, January 30.
Sun rises 7 .»,
Sets ; I-.;;
Moon rises '. '. fi': 05 ' a m
£ Time Feet Time
£L wl 'H W
201 2:4* | 3.2! B:s'.'
21 3:4« 8.1 U:.-i4
H \V . Ii W
22 0:1? 4.7 4:42
23 0:49 4.8 r»;:-m
24 1:2« , 5.0 6:31
231 2:03 ! 5,1 7:28'
% TlmeL; ot
2 L W 1
Time Feet |Tlme'
H W ItTw
Feet Til 1 "'
JIW
6.2 4:2(1
. 6.2 6:(C
H W
2.'.< 10:4-'
2 7 11:43
2.4 12:361
2.1 1:83
' Feet TlmP
_H W
-1.1 U"T3.Hf
—1.2
L \V
6.0 5:50
5.9 6:35
5.5 7:16
6.0 7:54
w
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the Wt
hand column and the successive tides of the
| da> in the order of occurrence as to time The
| Jfoond time column plves the second tide of
j the day. the third time column t v ie third tide
?. }h* laß < °r ri*ht hand column irives the
i last tide of the day. except when there am but
■ three tides, as sometimes occurs The heights
; riven are additions to the sounrtinrs nn the
I I nited States Coast Purvey charts except
: when a. minus slKn (—) precedes the helchtand
I then the number «rlvcn is subtractlve from the
j depth giver, by the charts
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrojjraphlc Ofllcc (T. S. N , Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. January
19. 1898.
Tne time ball on Telegraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon
of the 120 th meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m..
Greenwich time. W. S HUGHES,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
NOTICE TO MARXmOIS.
A branch of the United State* Hydrowraphlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
. Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of i the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all* : matters
of interest to ocean , commerce. ■ - .
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telecraphic signal received each day fronr
the United States Naval Observatory at Mart
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether tne time ball wns
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning papers t*° following
day. W. S. HT'GHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. January 19.
Ptmr Coos Bay, Hall. 70 hours from New
port; pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perklna &
Co.
Ptmr Australia. Houdlette, 6 days 12 hours
X mm from Honolulu; pass and mdse, to J
I> Ppreckels Bros & Co.
Stmr Ooquille River. Johnson. 16 hours from
Fort Hratrg; 350 M ft lumber, to Union Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Geo Loomls. Bridpett, 34 hours from
Ventura; oil, to Union Oil Co. Up river di
rect.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen. 5 days from
Coos Bay: 153 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lum
ber Co.
Sohr W F Jewett. Johnson. 7 day* from
Knappton; 633 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lum
ber Co.
Schr Volant. Krog, 7H days from Tlllamook:
lumber, to Truckee Lumber Co; wreckage, T
Larsen.
Schr Melanothon, Bellesen, 7 days from
Wlllapa Harbor; lumber, to Simpson Lum
ber Co.
Schr Ralph J Long. Hansen, 9 days from
Portland; 165 M ft lumber, to D H Bibb Lum
ber Co.
Schr Daisy Rnwe. "Wilson, 6 days from Coos
Bay: lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Schr Mary Dodge. Hansen. 8 days from
Grays Harbor, lumber, to S E Slade Lumbe*
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January M.
Br stmr Wellington. Palmond. Nanalmo; R
Dunsmulr, Sons & Co.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Williams, Hilo; J
D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly. Honolulu: Wil
liams, IMmond & Co.
BAILED.
Wednesday. January It.
Ftmr Del Norte. Allen. Hoquiam.
Stmr National City. Andreßsen.
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. Fort Bragg 1 .
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond, Nanaimo.
Ship S P Hitchcock. Gates, Honolulu.
Bark Gatherer. Slater, Tacoma.
Schr Chas R Wilson, Jonhson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Volunteer, Brtsßem. Grays Harbor.
Schr Wing and Wing, Genberg, Coos Bay.
Schr Bella, Smith, Tillamook.
CHARTERS. •
The Earl of Dunmore was chartered prior to
arrival for wheat to Europe, 355.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOB, Jan 19. 10 p. m.-Weather.
hazy; wind, NW; velocity. 16 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
TIMBER COVE, Jan 19-The schr Christina
Steffens, Captain Vogel, for San Francleco. la
on the rocks Just south of Timber Cove chute
She had on board 67 cords or wood. Captain
and crew are safe on shore.
A gasoline crab fishing boat capsized this
morning about 3 o'clock, oft the Ocean Sld«
House. The occupants were two brothers, one
of whom was drowned. ' The unfortunate man
leaves a widow In San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ALBlON— Sailed Jan 19— Stmr Cleone. for
San Francisco. t
MENDOCINO— Jan 19— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE-Salled Jan 19— Bark Ca
rondelet, for San Francisco; schr Maggie C
Russ, for San Francisco; bktn J M Griyith.
for San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Jan 19— Schr Excelsior,
for Port BJakeley.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 19— Schr
John G North, from Honolpu.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Jan Schr Oka
nogan. hence Jan 9.
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Chllkat, be
Jan 1, ; schr Occidental, hence Jan 15.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan Schr Co
rinthian, hence Jan 15.
PORT BLAKELEY-Arrlved Jan 19-Schr
Salvator, from San Diego.
i PORT ANGELES-Arrived Jan 19-Ship
| Glory of the Seas, hence Jan 11; ship dwell,
I hence Jan 11; ship Eclipse, hence Jan 5.
TATOOSH— Passed out Jan Stmr Pro
i greso. from Seattle for San Francisco.
| tiJREKA- Arrived Jan Stmr Pomona, he
] Jan lv
I Sailed Jan Stmr Westport; schr Bertha
Dolbecr. for Newport, S.
! TACOMA— Arrived Jan 19— Bark Canada, hnc
a Dt.An^ o , r « hip Drammen, from Honolulu..
; REDONDO— Sailed Jan 19— Stmr South Coast
. for Ventura.
; VENTURA— Jan 19-Stmr South
Coast, from Redondo.
| SEATTLE-Sailed Jan 18— Stmr Progreso, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNS END-Arrlved Jan 19-Ship
Sterling, hence Jan 9.
££ NPN PE RO Arrlve<l Jan 19-Stmr Sunol.
COOS BAY-Sailed Jan 18-Stmr Alice
Blanchard, for Eureka and San Francisco.
, Arrived Jan 19— *Stmr Czarina, hence Jan 17
\EJsTL.RA— Sailed Jan ,v 19-Stmr • South
Coast, for San Francisco. ~vum
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Rival,
hence Jan 18. .
; Sailed Jan 19— Stmr Tlllamook. for Sat.
Francisco. S^
FOREIGN PORTS. W
i GUAYMAS— SaiIed Jan IS— Stmr Orizaba for
I San Francisco.
I KA.HULUl— Arrived Jan 3— Schr H C Wright,
for La Llbertad.
I HlLO^Arrived Jan Scnr ' Lyman Foster
from Port Ludlow. *
| CALCUTTA— SaiIed Jan s— Br Ship Glen
i bank, for Oregon.
VICTORIA— Jan 17— Stmr Whltelaw,
hence Jan 13. .
HONOLULU— Arrived Jan 9— Br bark Gwy
i nedd, from Liverpool via Callao. Jan 10—
Schr Spokane, from Port Townsend Jan 12—
. Schr Aloha, hence Dec 23; bark Alden Besse.
hence Dec 29.
Sailed Jan 11— Schr Emma and Louise, for
San Diego.
BARROW— Arrived Jan 16— Ger ship Chris
: tine, hence Sept 28.
I CALAlS— Arrived Jan 16— Nor stair Transit
hence Oct 28. "
CALCUTTA— In port Dec 16— Br ship Glen
bank, for Oregon; Br ship Wayfarer, for San
Francisco.
: CALLAO-Salled Nov 28-Br bark Gwynedd,
Vaneouv ' 9 ~ Br Bhlp Allont) y- °r
_£"AN" ANA A L— Jan IB— ship North
Riding, from Newcastle, NSW
CLYDE— Arrived Jan 18— Br ship Pass of
Brander. from Stanley. F I .*■«■ <a
New lArriVe<lI ArriVe<l Jan 17 Stmr Alllanca. for
pS ) £?££ ci . Jan I *~ St ™ Cl * <*
t QyEENSTOWN-Arrlved Jan 18_Br ship
Lord Cairns, hence Sept 16; Br ship Samoeni
Eureka" Oceania Vance, fm
Sailed Jan 17— Stmr Mariposa. for San Fran
cisco.
TYNE— Arrived Jan 17— Br ship Samaritan,
hence Aug 22. ,
SAIGON— In port Dec 11— Fr bark Genevleve.
for Oregon.
FALMOUTH— Passed Jan 18— Br Samaritan.
GON— In port Dec 11— Fr bark Genevleve.
regon.
.MOUTH— Passed Jan 18— Br ship Me
tropolis, from San Diego. - -. .
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Jan. 17— Br ship Sea
farer, for San Francisco.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Fuerrt
Bismarck, from Hamburg.
Sailed Jan 19— Stmr Christian, for Ham
burg; stmr Paris, for Southampton; stmr
Brittania. for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 19-Stmr Waes
land. from Philadelphia.
m ROTTERDAM-Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Veen
dam, from New York. ■
IMPORTATIONS.
NEWPORT— Coos Bay— ska oats !V
bxc oranges, 50 cs eggs. 1 sk sugar. Jr" ■
j East San Pedro— 1 pkg stationery, 34 pk*s
I household goods.
I San Pedro— lo bdls pipe, Ibx fittings. 1 tire,. ',
21 os codfish. 2400 sks barley, 599 sks corn. '
Hueneme — 3 cs eggs.
Ventura— l bx . telephones, 19 sks peanuts, S
cs eggs, 1 bx mdse, 154 bxs oranges, 1 coop
chickens,. 259 sks beans.
Santa Barbara — bxs old plate, 1 bx dry
goods, 1 bx mdse.
Gavlota— 2 bdls pelts, 2 bxs butter. 4 bdls
hides, 1 bdl calf skins, 33 sks crawfish.
* Port Harford— l cs cigars, 23 cs eggs, 7 bxs
! butter, 1 coop chickens, .7 dressed calves.
I Cayucos— hxs butter, 12 cs eggs, 55 dressed
calves,, 2 presses, 2 vats. 3 pkgs hoops. 3 bdls
doros. 1 bdl pipe, 5 milk cans, 5 bxs fixtures.
19 bdls hides.
I San Simeon— 36 bxs butter, 35 dressed calves
7 cs eggs, 1 sk abalonies. : .
! HONOLULU— Per Australia— BSSo bags sugar
I 950 bags rice, 264 bags coffee, 927 bdls green
i hides, 26 bdls skins, 4757 bnchs 51 bxs bananas
! 206 bxs pineapples 10 bxs betel leaves. 2 pkgs
indue. 313 empty beer kegs. 34 empty" wine
! casks, 7 empty Shasta mineral water tanks
35 empty Shasta mineral water bottles, 8 par
cels.
CONSIGNEES.
' r* Per Coos Bay— G W McNear: J H Cain & Co;
■■ Gould A : Jaudln; C E Whitney & Co- Dairv
| man's Union: T Williams: Ooodall, Perkins &
Co: S W V right: W Lawrence & Co: Kimball
& Apson: .1 M Fleming: H Dutard: McDonald
A Co; Erlanger, A- Gallnger: Sunset Tel and
; Tel Co; River Express; O B Smith & Co: E T
: Allen: J Demartinl & Co; L Scatena- * Co:
Kveleth A- Nash: Mitchell <v Goodall; Labor
: Exchange: J Ivancovlch & Co: E Adams & Co
! O'Brien & Spotano: .1 X Armshy A- Co: Amer
Press Assn; Golden West Hid: T Dennlgan
Son - & Co; C Corny & Co: Wheaton. Breon &
Co: Union Fruit Co: - B Ingvglia & Co- -Max
Ordenstein: W F Mitchell: Hllmer. Hr'edhoff
& Schulz: F R Halght; Norton. Teller V Co
Dodge. Sweeney & Co: J H Newbauer * Co :
Getz Bros & Co; C E Whitney & Co- Wltzel A
Baker: Marshall Runvon; H Hockman & Co-
Hills Bros: Western Meat Co: H KiAhman *
Co: Wellman. Peck & Co: Ross & HeXtt
Russ. Early & Co: a Wvss: F . Uri *r o Ba
ker & Hamilton: Bislnger & Co: H Waldeck &
Co; Brigham. Hoppe & C Dod*" Sweeney &
M;Le« e Ha & rt CO; Marßhall - Teggart c T y CoI
Per Australia— GalH Fruit Co- Mpxsinder
& Baldwin: Xal. Wine Assn: Chtnda & B^tto^
Carran & Green: E T Dpepan'"p™i o tK «
Nash; Enterprise BrewervrG a rc7a & Mag-intr
II O Greenhood: Wieland Br^ry: J C RUfITR Uf lT
£ °A J Ivßncovich « Co: J DSiweckels *
Broa Co: L Q Snaonrlch « r,v v s c \VJnn « c<f
Mount Shasta Mineral Springs Co m « Grin'
r " : M Phillips ftCo; M,, vnnvales;
O'R M ien 77 $ ls: McPhers., n ft Rucker
Francisco n>ws>o US- - Mc Mlister * CPC P- p an
gma; Williams, Dlmond & Co; °Allan c St° r |
| Boure. Mau Hop; Yuen Kee; Ton* Wo & Co.TRAGIC END
OF A LOVER
A Rejected Jap Suitor
Tries to Kill a
Widow.
Shinjiro Then Ends His Misery
by Shooting Into His
Brain.
Miraculous Escape of a Baby Girl
Who Wue Asleep on the
Bed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
50$ Broadway, Jan. 19.
Had Shinjiro Matsumoto followed
the pretty custom of his race and
placed a bunch of flowers outside the
door of his lover and been guided by
their acceptance or rejection a tragedy
that occurred this morning would
have been avoided. Instead of press-
Ing his suit In genuine Japanese fash
ion Shinjiro made a formal demand
for the hand of a young widow, and
because It was not complied with Mrs.
Tama Yuwasku Is at the Receiving
Hospital suffering from three bullet
rounds and her impetuous lover Is at
the Morgue.
In the Japanese quarter at Fifth arid
Castro streets shooting was heard
about 7 o'clock this morning. The re
ports were followed by a woman's
screams and several of the boarders in
the house at once went to the apart
ments whence came the noise.
On the floor of the room was the
dead body of Shinjiro and on the bed,
unconscious and bleeding, was the
young widow. Alongside of her. still
asleep, was her little girl, and a glance
at the direction in which the bullets
from the murderer's pistol flew showed
plainly that It was only by a miracle
that none of them lodged in the child's
brain. The woman was at once taken
to the hospital, and the doctors found
that two shots had entered her jaw
and one had gone clean through her
shoulders, though neither of them is
necessarily fatal. After shooting the
woman the man turned the gun on
himself, and his life went out with the
first shot.
Mrs. Yuwasku tells the following
story: "I am a widow, my husband
having died about five months ago,
leaving me with this little girl. I met
Matsumoto In Sacramento and came
down to Oakland looking 1 for work
last Monday. To my surprise Matsu
moto was also boarding in the house.
He at once implored me to marry him,
but I declined. Yesterday we went for
a walk, and he repeated his desire to
marry me. He seemed almost beside
himself when I told him I did not care
for him. This morning before he fin
ished dressing he came to my room
and implored me to love him. and I
told him it was impossible, to which he
replied that 1 was fooling with him.
This is not so, for I never gave him to
understand that I had any affection at
all for him. Without another word he
produced a pistol and shot at me three
times, after which he killed himself. I
cannot understand how the baby did
rot get killed."
The landlord of the boarding house
says the woman has been looking for
•work and is a respectable person. An
Inquest on Matsumoto will be held to
morrow night.
WERE WEDDED
AT ST. LUKE'S.
Nuptials of Miss Miller and
Marshal Hale Last
Evening.
Miss Mac Baxter Miller and Marshal
Hale were married last evening at St.
Luke's, the Rev. Mr. Moreland officiating.
Tho church was handsomely decorated
with pink and white roses, that com
pletely covered the altar, and cordons
cf smilax that twined with artistic effect
the chancel rail.
A fashionable audience that testified to
the higii esteem in which the worthy
young couple are held crowded the sacred
edifice.
Promptly at 8:30 o'clock, the hour an
nounced for the ceremony, the strains of
"Lohengrin" announced the coming of
the bridal party.
The maid of honor and the bridesmaids
(wbo were in waiting at the chancel rail) |
proceeded down the aisle to meet the
bride. Ranged on either side of the en
trance stood the ushers, forming a guard ;
of honor for the bride, who entered lean
ing on the arm of her father, Randolph
C Miller. The procession was then re
formed, the ushers leading the way. the
bridesmaids following and the maid of i
honor preceding the bride. The groom l
and his best man met the bride at the i
altar, where the impressive binding words i
•were spoken.
The bride was handsomely attired in a '
magnificent gown of white moire and ;
chiffon. The skirt was fashioned of the !
moire and made en train. The corsage
was of chiffon, all laid In tiny puffs. A j
long veil fell into the folds of the train,
completely enveloping the slender, stylish
figure, and was fastened to the coiffure
with a magnificent diamond crescent, the
gift of the groom. The bridal bouquet
was of lilies of the valley.
The bride was attended by Miss Jean
ette Conroy, who acted us maid of honor,
and Misses Lilian Schroder, Maybelle
Wa.st, Clara Hale and Leah Young, who
officiated as bridesmaids.
The maid of honor wore a dainty gown
of white organdie over white silk, and the
bridesmaids wore attired alike in white
organdie over pink silk. All the attend
ants carried garlands of pink and white
rose*.
I'rentis C. Hale, brother of the groom,
officiated as best man, and the ushers
were: Dr. E. R. Bryant. Dr. T. J. Fraser.
Glenn C. Barnhart and Edward G. Went.
Little Leland Lioruck, nephew of the
bride, carried the cushion upon which
t< ited the wedding ring. The little fellow
Yes picturesquely attired In cream kilts.
After the ceremony there was a recep
tion for the bridal party, relatives and
a limited number of friends at the resi
dence of the bride's parents. Mr. and
Mrs. Randolph C. Miller, 1920 Baker
Btreet.
Marshal Hale is one of the most popular
of the successful young business men of
the community. H<> has *pt;nt all his
days In this <ity, and received his educa
tion at the University of the Pacific. In
connection with his four brothers, lie has
made his name a power in the com
mercial world, and one that commands
the respect and esteem of the community
at large.
His bride, thouph born in Memphis.
Term., has been raised and educated In
this city. Some of the b<-st Kentucky
Mood flows in her veins, and she has
all the attractive attributes of good
birth, high breeding and education. She
Is a tall, slender demi-blonde, with ex
quisite coloring and charming tempera
ment.
Mr. and Mrs. Hale will leave to-day
for a three months' Eastern trl*v They
will v!nit Chicago and New York and
come homo by way of Florida. In ail,
they expect to be gone four months.
The young couple received very many
handsonv- presents, that included much
costly silver, Hegnnt faience, handsome
crystal and many rare bits of bric-a-brac
and works of art.
CALIFOUNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. Jan. ]9.— Mr. Hubert
Dyer, of the Cutting Packing Co. of San
Francisco, is In the city. J. Birmingham,
J. W. Watson. Miss Ver Mehr and Mrs.
G. R. Shreve of San Francisco are regis
tered at the Cochran Hotel.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
H. C. Bush, assistant general freight
agent of the Santa Fe road, returned to
the city yesterday on the Australia from
Honolulu, where he has been for some
time on a trip.
V»*. L. McCabe, one of the most widely
known business men in the Northwest. Is
registered at the Occidental from Seattle.
D. F. Cobb, a merchant of Stockton, is
at the Baldwin.
R. Rowlands, a mine owner of Placer
vllle, is a guest at the Grand.
James McNeil, the Santa Cruz capital
ist, is at the Palace.
R. B. MoKenzie, a bis grain man of
Walla Walla, is staying at the Lick on a
bhort visit to the city.
J. W. Searles, one of Salt Lake's most
prominent and distinguished citizens, is
at the Palace with his son.
Among the pas
sengers on the
Central Pacific
overland that
met with disas
ter near Coif ax
A
LUCKY DOG
INDEED.
last Tuesday
* night was H. J.
Abrahms, a prominent business man of
Omaha, who, with his wife and mother,
was on his way to visit relatives in this
city.
The family were bringing out with
them a valuable hunting do?, that was
taken care of en route in the baggage
car. When the accident occurred the
family left the sleeper as soon as possi
ble and hurried to the front part of the
train, which was merely a mass of splin
tered and twisted debris, the baggage-car
in particular being: nothing more than a
heap of broken lumber and scrap iron.
Mrs. Abrahms, who was in advance of
the rest, had gone forward, carrying a
few samples of medicines she happened
to have with her. In the hope of being
able to do something for some of the suf
ferers. When she arrived on the scene
she found the place patrolled by armed
guards to prevent any possible attempt
at robbery, and on inquiry learned that
everything possible had already been
done for the unfortunate victims.
She accordingly turned to go back to her i
sleeper, when something moving amid th« !
wreckage attracted her attention. Ap
proachlng closer she saw the family dog,
still chained to a twisted post, calmly
viewing the surrounding chaos with the j
same unconcern that will one day char
acterize Macaulay's New Zealander when I
he sits on that broken arch of London j
bridge and contemplates the surround- j
ing desolation.
The dog was the only living thing in
the baggage-car that was not seriously
Injured.
Douglass S. Cohen, a prominent banker
of Red Bluff, Is staying at the Palace. He
has come down to the city to witness the
Golden Jubilee celebration.
Mr. and Mrs. Sydney Clementson ar
rived In the city yesterday on the Aus
tralia from Melbourne and went to the
Palace. Mr. Clementson Is one of the
large wool merchants of Boston and
makes yearly trips to the Antipodes to
look after his business Interests In that
part of the world.
S. S. Rowe, the ex-Chief of the Boston
Fire Department, arrived in this city last
evening and registered at the Occidental.
Mr. Rowe, who la on a pleasure trip, ac
companied by his wife and daughter, was
one of the passengers on the wrecked
overland, which should have arrived
here Tuesday evening. The party were
taken to Sacramento and came on from
that point yesterday.
At one of the
city's leadlngho
tels lives a gen
tleman who tells
the folio wing
good story on
himself, but who
for obvious rea-
HIS SIN
FOUND HIM
OUT.
i sons does not wish to be quoted by name.
This gentleman is fond of all sorts of
j amusements, but the pastime that Is
particularly pleasing to him is the one
in which a full hand is reported to beat
three of a kind, and to the perfecting of
his knowledge of the various Intricacies
of this game he has heretofore been
' wont to devote most of his spare time
j and incidentally some of his spare
; change, meeting the objections of his
| wife with the argument that there could
! hardly be anything wrong in what he
1 was doing, as the leading men of the na
1 tion were sent to Washington by their
admirers and paid 55000 a year to do ex
! actly the same thing. His wife, who is
a patient little woman, rested satisfied
I with this explanation, contenting herself
I with sending the bellboy to round up her
: recalcitrant spouse whenever the hour
! became too late. A few days ago the
wife's parents, who are prominently con
; nected with church work in the East
I and imagine that their son-in-law is the
very incarnation of virtue, came out on
a visit. During the first evening that the
; old people spent with their children the
gon-ln-law rang for icewater. He waited
and waited, but no boy came to answer
the call. Finally, after the button had
] been pressed a number of times, the door
| was suddenly opened and the company
were electrified to hear the following:
j "Oh. Mrs. X, I think your husband must
!bo running up against some outside
1 game. I have hunted for him in every
; saloon and cluoroom for two blocks
! around, but can't find him." That paiv
i ticular bellboy will get no tip this month.
C. Hedemann and F. Kohler, two weli
\ known merchants of Honolulu, are at the
i Occidental on their way to their homes
j from the East, where they have been on
a business trip.
J. M. Lydgate and wife of Honolulu are
i two passengers from the Australia that
I have registered at the Occidental.
G. A. Buell. a large lumber man of
I Stockton. Is a guest at the Grand.
Thomas G. Johnson.. a mining man of
San Jose. Is staying at the Lick.
J. B. Pound, a newspaper man of Knox
vllle, Term., was one of the passengers on
the wrecked overland who has arrived at
the Grand.
C. Bender and H. M. Davenport, two
wealthy mining men of Wallace. Idaho,
are to be found at the Palace.
H. E. Adams of the Stockton Gas Com
pany Is a guest at the Grand.
C. C. Dorsey, a miner of Sonora. and
J. J. Dailey, a Nevada mining man who
has Just returned from New York, are
both stopping at the Grand.
A party consisting of B. Young and
wife and C. H. Knift arrived from
Salt Lake City yesterday and went to the
Palace.
C. A. Whitney, a prominent New York
er. Is staying at the Palace.
James Agler. the superintendent of the
Ogden division of the Central Pacific,
is In the city and will be found at the
Grand during the short time he Intends
remaining here.
G. C. Hudson, one of the most promi
nent business men in the metropolis, has
arrived in the city from his home in New
York and Is registered at the Palace.
George W. Macfarlane and wife of New
York are at the California, accompanied
by Miss Kitchen and Mies Alice Kitchen.
Jenrjle Garcla's Death.
Chemist Morgan of the Coroner's office
made an autopsy yesterday on the body
of Mrs. Jennlo Weeks, alias Jennie Gar
clii, who died In the Receiving Hospital
last Sunday, and found no traces of pol-
I son. The autopsy by Dr. Gallagher re
vealed nephritis as the cause of dettUi.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TnOSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1808.
A VICTIM
OF RELIGION
The Mania of Miss Leona
Suckert Becomes
Serious.
She Attempted to End Her Life
While Subject to the Con
trol of Spirits.
A Quiet Examination at Her Horn«
Results in Commitment to
Agnewt.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 19.
Leona Suckert was committed to
Agnews this morning as the result of
an Inquiry held at the residence of her
brother-in-Jaw, Henry Evers, on San
Pablo avenue.
Miss Suckert is 39 years of age and
has been residing for some time with
her sister. About a year ago she be
came deeply Interested In the Advent
. Ist religion, and since that time has
'] been a very close Bible student.
Gradually she became subject to mel
ancholia and finally religion took such
| a hold on her that ehe Imagined she
j was beinp persecuted by members of
'other beliefs. Medical aid was pro-
I cured, but her condition gradually be
! came won
Last Thursday she showed signs of
violent insanity, and was watched con
tinually by a member of the family.
Friday she believed Phe was being
chased by spirits and Saturday last she
cut her wrist with a razor and also at
tempted to use the weapon on one of
her nephews. Since that time she has
been continually poring over her Bible
and has been very despondent. This
morning: Mr. Evers swore to a com
plaint charging Miss Suckert with in
sanity. Her physicians decided that
she could not be taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, so Judge Hall and the
doctors examined her at the house, and
recommenced her commitment. She
will be taken to Agnews in a few
days. ____________
WORKMEN WANT
THEIR WAGES
Employes of Jory Bros., Shoe
Manufacturers, Are
Clamoring.
Eighty or Them Ar« Minus Pay— The
Whereabouts of the Jorys
Unknown.
There Is weeping and wailing among the
employes of the Jory Bros.' Manufactur
ing Co., makers of boots and shoes, 63 to
73 Stevenson street.
The mental anguish In this case Is In
direct consequence of the closing of that
concern last Monday, with two weeks'
pay due to about eighty employes.
"W*. J. Jory Is manager and E. J. Jory
secretary of the suspended concern. Tho
workmen have been clamoring for their
due and hunting high and low for the
brothers Jory for the past forty-eight
hours, but they have not succeeded In
finding their late employers, nor have
they yet discovered any plan by which
they can get the $600 or so which la said to
be their right, nor any fraction thereof.
It had been agreed upon by the em
ployes to levy an attachment yesterday
to secure their claims, but they were dis
euaded from that course when an Investi
gation disclosed the fact that there was
nothing to attach. It Is stated that the
Jorys. prior to their disappearance, had
collected all the money due the concern,
and that there was no property In the
factory subject to attachment.
The plant used by this concern Is owned
by the Nolan Bros. Bhoe Company, whlrh
leased It to the Jory company about two
years ago. The manufacturing company
perms to have done a fair business of
late, and the employes were not anticipat
ing any such trouble as has come upon
them.
Both of the Jory brothers have resided
for some time past at 35 1S Twenty-third
street. A visitor there last night found
It deserted and learned from neighbors
.of the Jorys that the latter had moved
away the day before — whence no one
could say.
Jt was rumored yesterday morning that
the Jorys had sailed for the Klondike on
the steamer Excelsior last Thursday, but
the report was denk-d later on. At all
events. It Is certain that the employes of
thlp factory have no Idea where to find
their late "employers nor where to look
for the wages due them.
FRATERNAL
SOCIETIES
Court Southern Heights of the
Independent Foresters In
stalls Its Officers.
At the meeting: of Court Bouthem
Heights of the Independent Order of
Foresters*, held last Tuesday night,
Deputy High Chief Ranger Ben I. Solo
mon Installed the officers elected for the
current term in the presence of a very
large number of members and a great
many visitors from other courts, in the
Potrero Opera-house. The new officers
are: A. J. Donald, C. R. ; Alexander Cle
land. V. C. R.: J. W. Hamilton. R. S.;
William Stewart, F. 8.: Thomas E. Stra
han T. ; John Swan, S. w.J James Grelg,
J W • W. S. Taylor. 8. B.: John Thom
son J. B. ; William Rae, P. C. R.; John
Smith, chaplain; Dr. DeWltt, physician,
and R. B. Scott, court deputy, under the
head of good of the order there were re
marks by the Installing officer, the court
deputy, a reading from David Starr Jor
dan's lectures by Philip Prior, an address
on statistics of the order by Colonel Bal
lart. court deputy of Court Yerba Buena;
stories by a visitor and short addresses
by others. This court is at this time In a
prospftrous condition and the new officers
promise to advance it.
At the meeting of Court Terba Buena
on Tuesday night a letter fr^m High
Chief Ranger M< K'.frefh was read. It is
to the effect that he will be in this city
to visit the local courts some time in the
latter half of February, the precise date
to be announced at a future day. When
he does come the members of the several
courts will hold a jubilee week to re
ceive him.
PACIFIC PARLOR. N. 8. O. W.
Pacific Parlor of the Native Sons has
Issued invitations to Its friends to Join
with the members In a grand ball U> be
given In Native Sons' Hull on Mondny
evening next in celebration of the fiftieth
anniversary of the discovery of gold in
California. This parlor has always taken
great pride in the arrangement of Its
social events and the committee having
charge of this affair declares that this
will be the equal If It does not surpass
any previous event.
AUSTRIAN SOCIETY.
The Austrian National Bociety at Its
last held regular meeting elected the fol
lowing officers for the current term: A.
Blgmund, president; G. Gerzich, vice
president: G. Gaksa, recording secretary;
M. Uoglna. financial secretary; N. Rado
vich. treasurer; J. Rothel, J. Treja, J.
Zimmerman, trustees.
MARRIED THE BISHOP'S NEPHEW,
Elaborate and Impressive Ceremony at the Rus-
sian Orthodox Chucrh.
Peter Popoff, nephew of Bishop Nicholas of the Eastern Orthodox Church,
and Miss Julia Metropolaky were married last evening in the Russian church,
on Powell street, the Bishop officiating at the elaborate and impressive
ceremony.
There were no floral decorations in the edifice. Countless tapers burned
upon the altar, heavily draped with white brocade, embroidered in gold, and
the air was heavily laden with Incense.
The ceremony, splendid in the extreme, was entirely conducted in Rus
sian, the unaccompanied choir chanting the responses in the same tongue.
The Bishop, clothed In robes of white brocade, richly embroidered in gold ond
glittering with pn-cious stones, thrice led the youthful couple around the holy
altar, thrice held the jeweled crowns above their heads, and thrice made them
drink of the blessed wine.
Rings were exchanged, and to the pleasure of a large audience that
crowded the gorgeous little church, the happy groom publicly proclaimed that
he took Julia Metropolsky to be*his lawfully wedded wife.
The bride was attended by Miss Lydia Molowonsky, who officiated as
maid of honor, and her two llttie sisters, Alexandria and Natalie Aletropolsky,
who acted as bridesmaids.
There were four groomsmen, George Metropolsky, George Dabovlch, Paul
Grebachevsky and George Tzikowris.
The bride was attired in a modish gown of white tulle over white taffeta.
A veil and orange blossoms completed the costume.
The maid of honor and bridesmaids were attired alike In white organdie
over white silk. After the ceremony the Bishop entertained the bridal party
and Invited ffoestfl in the parlors of the church, and then a reception fol
lowed at the home of the bride's parents on Union and Taylor streets.
Mr. Popoff. who Is at present a reader In the church, will, now that he
has taken unto h'.mself a wife, shortly be ordained a priest In the Eastern
Orthodox Church.
TROUBLES OF THE
SHAINS ARE OVER
Divorce Granted the Plaintiff in
the Litigation by Judge
Daingerfield.
Th© Collector Ordered to Pay Hia
Family $75 Alimony Each
Succeeding Month.
The troubles of Joseph Shaln, the debt
collector, and Grace E. Shaln are at an
end— that Is, as far as marital troubles
are concerned. Judge Daingerfield yes
terday granted the latter a divorce from
her husband on Lie ground of intemper
ance, and ordered that the collector pay
J75 a month toward the support of Mrs.
Sham and her two children until the
further order of the court. The granting
of the decree of divorce put an end to
a bitter legal contest, but during the
contest, the family skeleton of the liti
gants was dragged forth by the lawyers
with scant ceremony.
When the case was called yesterday
morning, after a rest of several days. At
torney Reid, who represented the de
fendant, requested the court to conduct
the case behind closed doors, as unfair
criticisms had been made. This the court
refused to do, and the trial proceeded.
Mrs. Shaln was recalled, and reiterated
her testimony given on the stand last
week. Many additional tales of trouble
were also told by Mrs. Sham, and all
went to substantiate her accusations
against her husband.
When she left the stand her husband
was recalled, and he shed some light on
several points that caused unhappiness
in his home. He told the story of his loss
of $10 000 on stocks and how and why he
left the city at that time and of the
trouble that loss brought to him and his.
He also explained to the court the com
plaint made against him that he had lost
much money playing the races. At first,
he said, he simply wagered a few dollars
on the horses when business took him to
the track, but later bet larger amounts.
His wife accompanied him several times
to the Bay District track, and when he
made good winnings he would always
irlve her a goodly share, that she might
enjoy life the more. His wife, he said,
never objected to his playing the races
as long as she profited thereby, but when
the difficulty arose between them she
counted his gambling propensities among
his multitude of sinful habits.
The case was argued after Mr. Shaln
left the stand, and shortly after it was
submitted Judge Daingerfield granted the
plaintiff a decree as prayed for. The at
torney representing Sham objected to the
order of the court granting alimony In
the sum of $73 a month, as he said it
was altogether too large an amount to
haiie a.« a Judgment over his client's
head The court, however, did not agree,
and ordered that the alimony be paid on
the 25th of each succeeding month. This
closc-d tho proceedings, and Mrs. Sliain,
with a smilt* of satisfaction on her face,
lnft the courtroom, accompanied by her
daughter.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Charles T>. McLellan filed suit against
his wife. Clara J. McLellan, for a divorce
Yesterday on the ground that the defend
ant had been convicted of a felony. Mrs.
Mcl.fllan is the woman who gained
much notoriety by looting an Oakland
house several months ago and who was
found guilty of burglary.
Charles McCarthy has applied for a di
vorce from Jennie McCarthy on the
ground of desertion.
Ella McDevitt has sued Edward F.
McDevltt for a divorce. As a cause of
action she alleges desertion.
Theodore Henry Hage asks the court to
grant him a divorce from his wife. Mary
E. Hage. Hage complains that his wife
deserted him some time ago and refuses
to return to her horn' 1 .
Cave Hl">*elf Up.
Eugene Hartnett surrendered himself
to Officer Benjamin last night on Polk
street, declaring himself to be a deserter
from the battleship Oregon. He paid he
was tired of roaming around and wanted
to return. As the police had no evidence
of his desertion he was small-booked.
the fac-simile sit? //(f» .. yy. 1^ .'is. on every wrapper
signature of Cd^&7&&i&Z of CASTOKIA. ..
GREAT FIGHTS
IN PROSPECT
Choynski Will Leave Chicago
for This City in a
Few Days.
In Futura Pugilists Must Battle for
a Percentage of Re
ceipts.
The Choynskl and "Tut" Ryan twenty
round contest which will take place un
der the auspices of the Empire Athletic
Club, is booked for the evening of Feb
ruary 11, at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Eddie Graney, who is looking cut for
Choynski's interests on this coast, tele
graphed to the pugilist on Tuesday that
the match was made and that everything
pertaining to the mill had been satisfac
torily arranged. Choynski replied from
Chicago that he was in splendid condi
tion and would leave for the coast right
away.
Ryan has already commenced to train
for the match, and Lansing and Baker
are also hard at work taking off soft
flesh at their respective training stations.
Choynskl and Ryan will box twenty
rounds for a percentage of the receipts,
and Lansing and Baker will meet in a
ten-round "go"' for a percentage also.
In case the Supervisors grant permits to
the National and Occidental Clubs— which
in all probability they will under certain
conditions — a conference will be held
among the managers of the three clubs
for the purpose of agreeing upon a schedr
ule of percentages or rates which the
pugilists must agree to or look elsewhere
for engagements.
Heretofore the clubs held out a game
among themselves tailed diamond cut
diamond, and as a result the lighters
carted off the heavyweight end of the
receipts, leaving, the clubs a small per
centage when the expanses that were at
tached to the game had been defrayed.
In future a new rule will be strictly
adhered to. At least the managers of the
clubs who are Interested in fisticuffs have
decided that the pugilists must be con
tented with percentages instead of fabul
oua purses, and if this proposed scheme
Is carried out by the clubs Interested In
the game, there will be a remarkable de
crease in the number of "swelled heads"
noticeable for some time past among the
army of pugilists located in this city.
Pe"ter Jackson Is training faithfully In
Alameda for anything that may turn up
In the way of a match. Peter Is toler
ably confident of meeting Peter Maher
In the near future. In fact. Young Mitch
ell of the Occidental Club received a let
ter of assurance from Manor not very
long ago that in case he (Mitchell) was
in a position to pull off a match between
the two Peters that he could safely
count upon him being in the ring on the
evening appointed for the huusewarm-
Ing.
At any rate Jackson has taken time by
the forelock, and to the surprise of his
many friends and admirers he is train-
Ing faithfully and will assuredly be in the
pink of condition when he is called upon
to give an account of himself.
Jeffries is at work in Alameda, He will
be among the favored ones who will have
a try for the long green at a near future
date. It Is hoped that he will be pitted
against -Sharkov, as there are thousands
of people In this city who are anxiously
waiting to see a tilt between tho tw<>
big heavy-weights, and what a smashing
contest it will be when they toe the
! scratch.
There will l>«» three *>lght -round con
tests at the Oakland Athletic Club rooms,
corner of B ft ml Hollis streets. Oakland,
this evening. i They are as follows: Jaki--
Bomgard vs. Josh Ward. Jack Burns vs.
Jlmmie Casev and Mike MeCormack of
Oakland vs Joe Kane of San Francisco.
Death of a Pioneer.
James Adams, a well known mining
man of this city, died at his home on
Tuesday afternoon after a protracted ill
ness. Mr. Adams was a member of the
Society of California Pioneers. :ind also
of the Associated Veterans of the Mexi
can war. Tlio deceased lojives a family
of grown sons and daughters, who are
prostrated over his death.
George B. Cooksey. v leading merchant
and capitalist of Monticello. X. V.. Is at
the Palace with his daughter, son and
the latter's valet. The party are out on
the coast on a trip of recreation.
sufforinß- from concussion of the spine
and internal injuries.
William Winterhalter. ' a member for
the past year of the agricultural depart- !
ment staff of the university, haa ac- i
reined a position as manager of the I
Bpreckeia ranch at Kinps City. While at j
Berkeley Mr. Winterhalter pursued ad- '■
vancvii post-praduate work, ha\~ing !
graduated from the Agricultural College
of Munich.
Track Manapf-r Molvillo Dozier and
Track Captain Everett J. Brown have
called a mass-meeting of students for ■
next Frklay morning to organize the ■
track athletic team for lSt-S.
At their next meeting the Town Trus
tees will probably order water meters put
in the house of every consumer in Berke
ley. In order to avoid another water |
famine next fa.!!.
F. K. Shattuck is contemplating the
remodeling of his magnificent Berkeley
mansion into a summer resort. consist-
Ing of a hotel and a number of summer
cottages.
NEW TO-DAY.
W/tt4"ttf*ft yon can't sleep at night;
WW 1 Iv-"! I you are al un-tru
7 T ■ IV^ ■ ■ you are tired and blue; j
you are . nervous, aud
Life is a burden
when you drag about, more dead than a lye;
when you can' t eat nor enjoy anything; when
you are all out of boms with everybody
and ynurielf in particular, then your nervous
■return is at fault; then your brain does not
-H- ij act properly, ycur stocs-"
R s-% B / jt>. ach does not work, your
B tf"S 54 •-" blood becomes glugji.sh,
■ your head aches, TheD
J:" ."■ V- '-■■• :~v,l* •■''-'■ ••--'.'.'.•.:
Dr. Miles Nervine.
'Book on the heart and nerves s.nt free by
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Eikhtrt. Ind.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
I 3I 3 OPL T 31, D
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF •*' | 2 First Class Includln- Berth
IHUL. ?8 Second Class and Meala.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. £3. Feb. 2, 12. 22
Columbia Jan. 2S, Feb. 7. 17, 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Kates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf
San Francisco, as follows: cSaWc
For ports in Alaska, 9 a. m.. Jan. 1, 6, 11. 18.
21, 26. 81, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
tend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Belllngham Bay. Wash.), 9
a. m.. Jan. 1. 6, 11, 16, 21. 26, 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
• For Eureka (Humboldt Bay).' steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m., Jan. 1. 5. 10. 14, 18, 22. 28. 31,
Feb. 4. 8. 12. 16. 20. 25. 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yuco?. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavl-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.m.. Jan. 1. 6. 9, 13, 17, 21. 25. 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., Jan. 3. 7, 11, 15. 19. 23, 27, 31, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. A Hat a. La Paz, Santa Ro-
ralla and Guayma? (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 8 and
td of each month thereafter. '
The Company reserves the right to change
without previous" notice steamers, sailing dates
and >»""r* of fatltnsr.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery et.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO., Gen. Agta.
•-- .,.-. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
PHWnillfl S.B. AUSTRALIA.
jltfflWllL ' ' ir HONOLULU only
•jfc'* 3 *"*' Tuesday, Jan. 26, at
H "-—^^ 5 p. m. Special party
SjrW\tllfW ""Trio S.S. ALAMEDA
OlCfllllJlli^ w M s V a HONOLC-
Vii lll r ult *r for" SYDNEY. Thurs-
day. Feb. 3. at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. AirenU.
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North -p^prn-
River, foot of ' orton et. Travelers <^f rrrT^
by this line avoid both transit by«— **«»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Parts, first clau 1160.
second class $116. / ■ ■
LA BRETAGNE December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December 18. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8. 10 a. in
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FITGAZI & CO., Agenta. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at 0
p. m. Dally.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and g1».
Ing through freight rates to all point* on tht
Valley Raiiroad.
STEAMERS:
T C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS,
MARY OARRATT, CITY OF STOCKTOM.
Telephone Vuln SOS Cal. N'uv. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Mon.. Tues.., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier I
Telephone Green SSI.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Eteamer Alvtso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
•xcepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. SOc:
to San Jose, 7Bc. Clay ttreet. Pier 1. 41 North
Firet street. San Jose.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
llMsMiMsJlll CALIFORNIA
i ~*T ■■■■ Him !■■ i ii i - bnluAuUi
Trains leave" from and arrlvo at aoirket-
street Ferry.
San Francisco Ticket Office— Market St.. '■
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1620. Oak-
land Office— lllB Broadway. Sacramento Of-
fice— 201 J st.
The Best Railway— Francisco to Chicago.
LOOK AT THE TIME OF TUB CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
-Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6..V) p. m..
Thursdays and Sundays;' arrive St. LouU 7:09
a. m. Fridays and Mondays; arrive Chicago
*:43 a. in., Fridays and Mondays. i
DINING CARS under Harvey's management. j
Buffet Smoking Cars aiiJ Pullman Palaca :
Bleeping Cars. -
This train carries First-Class Passengers
only, but no extra charge Is made.
The ATLANTIC KXPRSSS, leaving dally at
4:30 V. m., carries Pullman Palace and Pull- !
man Tourist Sleeping Cars on fast time. Di- j
rect connection In Chicago and Kansas City
for all points East. - -■
New ra:lH, new ties, new ballast, ~ new
bridges. The shortest crossing or the desert
' and a country that Interests by its varied and
' beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pa*-
- aenger equipment and meals at Harvey's fa-
I mous dining-rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN '
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897. trains will rua as
follows: i ••■■.__
Southbound. .^. j Northbound.
', Passen- ; Mixed" Rfa .|___ Mixed f Passea-
F«.t !' Sunday 6la " 0119 -! Sunday per •
Dally. ! Excp td — — ; Exc p'td Daily.
7:20 a.m.' 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. : Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
Hi:4o a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno I J. 30 a.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. 6:20 p.m. Hanford . :45 a.m.' 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. 0:15 p.m. Visa^ia 6:4Ua.m. t>:4op.m.
Stopping- at Intermediate polnta when required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
; C. N. & I. C 0. ," leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced with
stages to and from Bnellings, Coultervllle. etc. ;
also with stage from Hornltos. Marlposa, etc ;
at Lankenhim with stage to and from Madera,
, flera. -
Ajjction^ales.
sris £+& £?>
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
225 TEHAMA STREET.
THIS EVENING.
Thursday Evening: January 20,
COMBINATION SALE OF
Thoroughbred Racehorses !
INCLUDING:
Imp. Sain, Puke of Norfolk and ten of hla
pet; Chappie. Hallelujah. Vanish. Wood-
chopper, E. J. Sherley. Chas. Le Bel. St.
Phillip, Billy Vice, Metalre. Darechoto and
! sons of St. Carlo, and twenty others.
I Catalogues now ready. Address
WM. G. LAYNG & CO..
Live Stock Auctioneers. 313 Bush street.
/^^*^l)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
i A*£S»Jfli*'— •* KKARXTST. Established
&■ 1 V lak '" •S5 * toT tne treatment of Private
iS^Lfc, JMW l>i*eusfs. Lost Manhood. Debility or
<9l|HtidHM 'l^eas-'vparliigoii bodyand mind and
'*$(W2fi>,\Em Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswfaeu
»?C^3HJbBBS otl)ers fa". Try him. Charges low.
sfiiHKE*E3H Cnre«Kuari»m«-«-J. Call orwrlte.
Mr. .». v. ..tnnox. Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
BAILBOAD A,. VEL.
Mti mi I-ACIFIC cojipast.
(PACirlO BVKTE4I.)
lliilna l4'»»»f mill «>•-« •«>"*■ to nrrlf* at
NAM t'lt.4N"lN<«».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street) '
leave — From January 1. 1898. — arrit^
■"•6760a Nilcs, San Jose and Way Stotiom... *S:43a
7:OOa Renicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:15*
?:OOa Maryarille, OroTilleand Ueddiog fi»
Woodland 8i4.1p
7:OOa Vacavilie and Rnmsey. ..: 8«43r
7i3oa Martiuez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Kapa,
Caliatoga and Santa Rosa 6il3f
B>OOa Atlantic Uxpress, Og.len and Kast.. Bi43p
HitlOA Kiles, San ,loso. Stocktou, lone,
■ Sacramento, Jlurj-B»ilie, Chioo,
Tchama and Iteil I.lnff 4il3r
•9:30 a Peters, Milton and Oakdale ■7il»P
StO«>A New Orleans Kipresa, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fresno, liakerslield. Santa
itulmra, Los Angeles, Demiiiß,
Xl I'aso, New Orleans and East. oi43f
t:O«A Vallejo, Martinez. - Aleroed and
Fresno I8:13r
•l:OOr Sacramento lJiverStcniner« *0:OOp
l:«Or Nile*. San Jcsoacd Way SUtions.. JO: 15a
ItS*P Slartiacz and Way stations 7:43p
8:OOp Livermore, Mcndota, Ilanford and
Visalia.... 4:15p
LiTermore, San Jose, Nilee and Way
Stations JlOil3a
4i««i> Manila,., San Ramon, Vallejo.
Nam, t'alihtoea, lil Verano and
BMlta 1 »iU»A
4t*«p Benicia, VacaviUe, Woodland.
. . Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro-
ville and Hacrameiito 10:43 a
4iSOp Niles, San Jose. Tracy and Stockton .. 7:15p
4:30 Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Jlpjave (for Ramlsburg),
Santa liarliara and l.«w Angeles.. 7i43a
4::i*p Santa I'u Konlo, Atlantic J'.xpreea
foiMojavo and Kut 0:43p
; ' «J3:3or " Sunsen Limited." Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little llock, St.
■ • ' Louis, Chicago and East |10>15a
Ts:Bop " Sucset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East §lOil3a
6:00r Kuropt-au Mail, UgOeii and Kast 0:45 a
6iUoi> IlnywuviiH, Kites and Kan Jose 7:4»a
J8:00 r Vallejo t7i43p
N:(»i>p Oregon Uxi>reas, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Umlillng, Portland, Puget
Hound and ICast Silßa
!»A>' J.KAMMtO AM) lUVWAUOS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
<*6:OOa 1 ( 7:13 a
8:0«\ Melrose, Seminary Park, '*5 ! A
iS'oot Fit,h.,ur l; .Kln,hur t, 5u«J
ill :00a San Lfainlro, South San *? 2 1*
£££?£ Leandro,EBtadnio, |«!i!>J
ita-ob'p Lorenzo, Cherrj i *i ! 15 p
4:00p . «3:45p
S:OUP " n<l i ■ 6:15p
7:« OP Hajntrds. t I : 15 P
7:»0p ' i 8:45p
8:00p i Huns through to NUM. ' ,* : 3?, P
tM" ; :lg^ tFr ° mNileg - USSSS
COAST IU\|NION (Narrow «auge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
Mil!>A l Viili'i-iilitvSiiii. Felton, '
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Oiß#i<
•SilSp Newark. CcnterTllle, San Jose New
Al:i.;ulen, Felton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «l«tlie»
4tl»f Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos ... »:2O*
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, SaD Jose and
Way Stations t7iaop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fan SIN mSCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. {1:03 *2:00 13:09
•4:00 JB:OO *6:oOp.ii.
I PrtmOllUHD— Foot or Broidwij.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
{12:00 % 1:00 {2:00 »3:00 tl:QO *3:00 p.m.
COAST I>l VISION (Broad Gauge).
, ' (Third and Townsend Stg.) .
6<33a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays 0n1y}....... Bi33a
»:O»a Man .loso, Tres Pinos, Suiita Cms,
racilic Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis ()l»isi> ". Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4»18p
10:10 a Sau Jose and Way Stations *8:OOa
i 11:30 a San Jo3e anil Way Stations 8:33 a
i *a:3orSau Mateo, Redwood, Meulo Park,
• Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy,
HolUster, Sauta Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and PaeiUciirora Moi4oa
•1»:15p San Jose and Principal Way. Stations *9:00 a
♦4«13i- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1:80*
5:30p Sun Jose ami Principal Way Stations 5:30r
•:»Oi' San Jose and WayStatious — 7:20p
tll:4.">i Pan Jose an.l Way Stations 7;aOp
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
•Sundays oxcepted. { Sundays only. 1 Saturdays only.
\\ Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only-
% Mondays and Thursdays.
■ • I Wednesdays and Saturdays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
* RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot oi Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11:35.
8:30. 5:10. 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30, 3:M
6:00, 6:20 p. mi. *
SAN RAFAEL TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3.40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. - „' :
Between San Francisco and Schuetien Park
came schedule as above. *
Leave T „*»,«» «, Arrive
San Francisco. Oct Vl. San Francisco.
Week I San- Tw^tion Sun * I Weei£
Days. I days. Destination days. ! days.
7:Eoa.m. 3:00 a.m. Novato. ] 10 :40 a.m.]. ] 8:40 a.m.
3:Sop.m. 9:30 a.m. | Fetaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. j:Uop.m.| Santa Rosa. 1 7:Ssp.m. 6:22 p.m.
Fulton, I
7:50 a.m. Windsor. 10:25 a.m.
Healdsbursr,
Lytton.
Geyberville,
8:30 p.m. S :00a.m. Cloverdale. \ 7:85 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
. THopland and I —
7:Soa.m.[S:ooa.m.l >Uklah. I 7:85 p.m. g:2Bp.m.
7:50a.m.l 1 1 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Guernevllle. 7:85 p.m.
3 :30 p.m. I J 6:22 p.m.
T'Wa.m 3:00 a.m. I Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40a.n..
a no
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
■ 7TsOa,m.|B ] c,, M ., i ■10:40a.m.j1U:2.'..i.m.
B:bop.m.|a:oop.m.l BePMlcp<w - 1 7:3Jp.m.l 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
! Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. KelseyvUle. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for
V!<:h\ .ings, Saratoga fcp: lnqs, Rlu* Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Va'iey. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's Buck-
Valiey. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
I cell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville,
! Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usa!. .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday? round-trip tickets to all points
j beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
building. FOSTER. • R. X. RYAN,
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
"V J;i Via Sausalito Ferry.
From Ban Francisco, Commencing September
19, 1897.
- • WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— "S:**,
11-30 a. m.: *1:45. 3:45. *5:15. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed*
neadays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SI'NDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo. *10:9H
•11:30 a. m. . n:ls. 3:00. »4:30. 6:13 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
• I-K a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) rot
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays (or Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TA&IALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco Commencing Nov.
13, 1897. -
WEEK DAYS— 3:3O a. m. ; 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:16 p. m.
' Special trips can be arranged fo- by applying
to THOS. COOK & SON. 621 Market st.. San
1 Francisco, or telephoning Tavern of Tamalpals.
--'...,■
1112
DOC TUBERVILLE
AND OSTLER JOE
Too Strong a Combination
for "Skeets" Martin
on Mainstay.
Caspar Badly Beaten for the
Rich Reliance Club Han
dicap.
The Books Crippled Over the Victory
of Caetake, an Out
sider.
The Acme Club handicap, over six
and a half furlongs, was decided at
Oakland yesterday. It was worth $700
to the first horse and was taken by
the black horse Ostler Joe, with Doc
Tuberville up, ably assisted by "Skeets"
Martin astride Mainstay. The three
horses named were the only starters.
Caspar, the Burns ,?• TVaterhouse en
try, carrying 115 pounds, was a 3 to 5
choice in the betting. Ostler Joe gen
erously weighted with 117 was liber
ally patronized in the books at odds of
2 to 1, while Mainstay was peddled
about at 10. At the post there was
considerable fiddling about before Fer
guson finally sent the trio away. Mar
tin hustled Mainstay out in the lead
and when challenged at the head of •
the stretch by Thorpe on Caspar, ran
the colt nearly to the outside fence.
During this piece of circus work Tu
borvllle saved much ground with the
black horse by making a short turn.
With Caspar turned upside down Mar
tin now turned his attention to Tuber
ville. Putting on the "reverse Eng
lish" he tried hard to give Doc the
run to the inner rail, but that rider
proved as good at the game as "Skeets"
and in a* hard drive won by a neck. Af
ter being interfered with," the favorite
fell back, finishing lengths behind. Con
sidering the condition of the track,
which was heavy and lumpy, the time
of the winnpr, I:24'^, was excellent.
Four heavily played favorites were
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
r>ALIFORN!A JOCKEY CLUB-Oakland Track -- Sixty - ninth day
v-» of the Winter Meetini?. Wednesday. January 19. 1898. Weather
fine. Track heavy.
458. FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $300.
Index. Horses. Weight.; St. Hm! %m. Sti\ Ffn7~T Jockey^ \6p. Cl~.
411 Aluminum. 3 105' 2
(434) Brambella, 3... . 9? ;
44fi Blue Bell, a lI.V 1
435 Monitor, f. 117 3
447 Our Climate. 5 U7 9
440 M!rp Alice. 1 99' <!
2?3 Einstein. 3 104 I
31"i Maxim 11. 4 116 4
447 Fanny B. 4 11 j: r,
411 Aluminum. 3 105' 2 ... 13 16 144 I % H. Martin.... 5-2
434) Brambella. 3 99 7 ... 6U 61 53 22 iGrav 6
44fi Blue Bell, a Usl 1 ... SI 4 1 3*» I 4 IE. Jones | 6
430 Monitor. S 117 I ... 24 2 1 2 2 4 3 jOlawson 7-1
44 A '* ur Climate. 5 V.7 9 ... 9 9 6 2 6 2 Spencer 12
440 Miss Alice. 3 99' <! ... 414 3 1 4n 6 3 'O'ronnor .... 12
H9 EinMein. 3 104 1 ... 524 8 h 8 2 7f, Conley 4
tIS Maxim 11. 4 ll»; 4 ... 624 Bl 724 8 2 H. 8r0wn.... 30
447 Fanny S. 4.... . Hi: f, ... 71 724 9 ? !R. Naira»»...| 30
1 3
ll 4
I*
4 14
8 24
6 24
1 6
6 1
4 1
2 1
9
3 1
8 h
B 1
7 24
1 44
5 3
3 %
2 2
6 2
4 n
8 2
7 24
9
1 %'
2 2
3 4
4 3
6 2
6.3
7 5
8 2
9
4
6
12
'-'*'■
15
12
7-2
' 100
60
easiT'" I*'1 *' l:U^' Winner> B - Sehreiber's eh. g. by imp. Idallum-Glitter. Fair Btart.
Won
459 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
441 Catawba 102 ': 2 ... 2h 2 1 2 2 10 'clawson 7-2 4
iUV Blarney Stone 11?. 1 ... 11 12 1 2 ■2 fi H. Martin.... 111-10
(439) Imperious 107:5 ... 5 4 1 1^ 33 JThorpe 3 5-2
399 Hermosa U5 4 ... 3 7 3 7 334 415 Conley 12 15
19 Rosormonde 110! 3 4J4 5 5 5 jjones 12 1»
Time, 1:17. Winner. Neil & Coney's eh. g. by Flambeau-EUen. Fair Btnrt. Won easily.
Time, 1:17.
460.
THIRD RACE— Three furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
(486) Buena Ventura llOi 3
♦86 Bonlbe! lOl! 1
488 Clarandn 110' 4
43<5 Anchored 104 2
456 The Miller 10! 5
... Magdalenes 10611
... Also Ran MM 7
43C Malay 104 j 6
... Rainier 105 ! 9
436 Prince Will
43*5 La Oonslda 101 10
... Lomatus 10i 12
■ ••
•t<
«••
13 14
42 2 4
81 3 3
IHi . 4 h
6 2 52
10 2 6 2
6 14 7
7 2 8
85 9
914 10
11 3 11
12 12
_J I__l__ _____
Conley 13-10
I'lawnon I 3
McHugh 10
E. Jones I 6
R. Karvaex . 15
Mooney 25
Harris 50
Thorpe •
Spencer 30
Van Kuren... 30
Devln ...: ] ••
Mills I •••
1
6-2
7
10
20
40
M
40
DO
. ••
•#•
♦Coupled with Bonibel. "Coupled with Magdalenes.
Time, :37Vi. Winner. I^. H. Ezell's eh. f. by Luke
ftart. Won easily.
•••coupled with Clarando.
Blackburn-Tommy Bell.
Good
461.
FOURTH RACE— Six and a half f urlongs; all apes; the Acme Club Handicap;
purse, #1000.
(272) Ostler Joe, E 1W 3
357 Mainstay. 6 MM 1
(444) Caspar. 4 11,', 2
?'?> ?, S V er . Joe 6 "-""HI 3 8 3 ~ 3 3 lh Tubervllle ... " 2 S-r,
BS7 Mainstay, 6 108 1 12 14 12 114 2 8 H.Martin... 10 10
444) Caspar. 4 115 2 2 34 234 2 2 2% 3 Thorpe .. .."I I 2 US
Time. 1:244. Winner, W. D. Randall's bile h. by Fresno-Sister to .Tim Douglass. Good
start, won driving. ;• . •''"■ •- . ■ .
3
1
2
I
1
2
462 FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. 1400.
,:n.
443 Garland Barr, -;" 1 K! 2 •2 24 244 28 2 6 114 Conley " 1 6-5
(432) Harry Thoburn. 4..107 1 1. 34 13 12 ,12 220 ;Clawson .' 3 4
42<i Souffle. •5........... MB r./. 3h 3 3 35 35 310 Thon* 4 7-2
418 NewsKatherer. 4....10< 3 6 4n 424 6 46 E. Jones . . 6 6
445 Yankee Doodle, 5. ..118 4 4 1 5 6 414 5 C Sloan ..... 10 20
Time, 1:444- Winner, J. F. Fogg's b. g. by Imp. Deeelver-Bllletta. Good start. Won
easing up.
{
• 224
1.34
I h
5
4 1
2 i' d
1 3
3 3
4 n
6
2 8
1 2
3 5
4 24
5
2 6
1 2
S 5
5
4 14
1 14 Conley
2 20 . Clawson !
3 10 (Thorpe ;
4 6 E. Jones
5 C. Sloan ......
1
8
4
6
10
6-5
4
7-2
6
20
463. BDCTH ACE — rlv « and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward!
441 Caetako. 3 101 1 ... 224 2 2 2 4 14 ißr^ncer 80 15
(446) Lo Lo, T, 1)5 2 ... 13 13 13 2h" ijr.-.es lo 25
423 Lucky Star, 4 113 4 ... Sh 4% 44 34 iThirpe '.. 4 6
2-2 Watomba, 3 90 3 «... 6 2 514 324 4 s Clawioo 3
(4*o) Colonial Dame. »...«»« ... 64 «n 614 - r > 34 o'<- O nnor 4 5
(441) Good Friend. 3 10)' 5 ... 4 4 3h 6 3 6n iConiev " 3-2
Ml Kaiser Ludwlg. 4...1181 9 ... S 8% 7 2 714 IH. Brown ..'.'. 25 2C>
tK Harr>' Qwynn. 4. ...1K, 7 ... 7 3 7 5 S3 8! C. sToaa ...
449 El Moro, 3 .•• 1 .-;joji« ••• 8 4 9 9 9 Wr,»l, '..."; J,, \-
Tlme, 1:11. Winner, A. Barrera's b. g. by Apache-Lin*. Good start. Won first three
driving.
441 Caetake. 3 101
(448) Lo Lo, o Ul
423 Lucky Star, 4 113
2?2 Watomba, 3 90
(4*o) Colonial Dump ?. H
(441) Good Friend. 3 104
449 Kaiser Ludwlg. 4. ..118
255 Harry Gwynn, 4 116
449 El Morn, » 11,4
1
2
4
3
8
5
9
7
6
2 24
1 3
3 h
6 2
6 4
7 3
8 4
2 2
1 3
4 X
5 14
6 n
3 h
8 %
7 6
■ 9 ..... ■
2 4
1 3
3 24
6 14
6 3
7 2
S 3
9
1 4
2 h !
3 4
4 8 '
6 34
6 n
7 14
82
9
rocked to sleep, but It was by no means
a Golden Jubilee celebration for the
pencilers. In the final race of the
d;:y, Oastake, a gelding, which seems
to be able to run as fast as he wants
to at times, was barked down from
40 to 15 to 1, downing his field with
perfect impunity, and every book in
the ring sold pasteboards on the out
sider.
There was no pronounced choice in
the opening five and a half furlong
scramble. Aluminum, Einstein, Rram
bella and Monitor all coming in for
considt'talil' 1 support. "Rkeets" Mir
tin pot a llyiner s f :irt with Aluminum
and was never headed, winning with
something to spar^ from Brmmbdla.
which filly shows improving: form. Bine
Fsell secured show honors. Einstein
could not antrack himself. Monitor
was also a minus quality so far as
■peed vaa concerned.
Neil and Cmioy finally put up a rid^r
on their shifty youngster Cs.ta.WDA,
and ho rolled in before the 11 to 10
choice P.lnrm-yptone in the six-furlonp
■print following. "Skfets" Martin
nptride thf favorite led to the Btretch,
with Clawsnn on fatawba Ktttlnß
straight und*>r wraps. Straightened
for the wire Clawson let out a link- and
hi? mount tumbled in five lengths
ahead of Elarneystone. Imperious,
away poorly, was third.
Louis Ezell scored again In the throe
furlong scramble for two-year-olds
with Buena Ventura. The filly was
an even money favorite at post time
and downed her company quite as eas
ily as she did at her first c-psay last
week, leading Bonibel out several
lengths at the finish. Caesar Young's
Clarando fell back a peg, winding up
in the show.
The consistent performer. Garland
Barr. took the mile selling run without
much effort. The ring tonk no liber
ties with him, laying even money most
of the tlmo, though 7 to E was procur
able. Conley, who had the leg up.
ACME CLUB HANDICAP.
The Finish Between Ostler Joe and Mainstay.
waited on Harry Thoburn until well
into the Ftr-itch, where he moved up
and won hands down. Souffle was a
distant third, badly beaten. Jones made
a bad mess of it at the post with Newfl
Gatherer, never being a factor.
If the stable backed Good Friend to
win the trainer should see a veterin
ary. The filly receded in the betting
from 3 to 2 to IVz to 1 and couldn't beat
herself. Lo Lo led the bunch to the
paddock where Castake got up and
won by a grin. Lucky Star fell from
the attic floor, taking the show.
Track lterr)S.
The I Don't Know race Saw finally reached a
focus. Seth Nichols, who managed the enjoy
able entertainment, has been warned off the
track. An "Injun" who promised to play the
horse flanked when he paw the short price,
and as Morse and Nichols were bound accord
ing to contract to protect the sprinter to the
extent of JIOOO if he was bid up '•something
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL,, THUKSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1898.
must be did." One or two "funeral directors"
grot the cue and Morse, the jockey, did the
reft. Acordlne to the statement of Judge
Murphy, the latter had better migrate to the
Klondike, for he stands a poor chance of get
ting a license the coining season.
The win of Garland Barr was an expensive
one for Tom Ryan, as he was compelled to
stand a $700 raise. The gelding was entered
to be sold for |7<.K), and was boosted to $1400
by Jack Atkins, one of the. owners of Harry
Thoburn, which finished second. Ryan re
tained his horse with the usual $3 bid.
A number of gentlemen riders have In con
templation the formation of a club the object
of which will be to give races at one or both
of the big tracks for valuable prizes.
It took Jim Nell sometime to convince his
partner. Al Coney, that Catawba was a good
one. Yesterday AI was the more enthusiastic
of the two and produce*! a big bundle of
tickets on the gelding after the race.
Handicapper Brooks has assigned the
weights to entries in the Berkeley Handicap,
at six furlongs, to be decided on Saturday,
January 22, as follows:
Rubicon 14.) Pelxptto 117
Salvation 140 Eddie Jones 11*
Fieur de Lis 134 Don't Skip Me 115
Flashlight IS I.a Goleta 11l
Bellicoso 12;, San Antonio 112
May \v 121 Imp. Mlssloner 112
St. Cuthbert 122 Bow and Arrow 110
Caliente 122 Mordecal I'M
Paul Grlggs 120 Punter 110
Napamax 117' atomba '. 110
Greenback II 11' Tiger Lily 107
A returns 115 Innuendo 100
Polish 115 Sly 105
Kamsin 114 Searchlight 105
Official 112Stepabout 102
Colonel Dan .110 Alcallna 100
Buck Massle 140. Prince Tyrant 90
O'Connell 138 Socialist 110
Ostler Joe »134 ; Fly 108
Lord Marmlon 126 Candle Black ......107
Shasta Water 125 Major Cook 107
Caspar 120! The Ace 105
Mainstay 122 Rev del Diablo 103
Dr. Sharp 120! Crescendo 100
Mercutio 1201
• Five pounds extra.
The following weights have been assigned
entries in tlie Shell Mound Handicap, for three
year-olds, one mile, to be decided Saturday.
January 22:
Lord Marmion 123 'vCatomba. 103
, Morelllto 120 Texarkana 100
St. Cuthbert 118 Innuendo 107
Eddie Jones 11« Bow and Arrow 10")
Xapamax 11,' El Barbareno 100
Arcturus 115' Punter „ 100
San Venado 110' Flandes 100
San Antonio 110 Tiger Lily 100
Imp. Missioner ' Mordeca! 100
.Candle Black 103'Catawba . 100
Greenback II 1071 Abina PS
Sierra Blanca 1071 San Durango 85
i Rosormonde 10.',; Master Mariner .... 93
Yule 105 Floronso 95
Official 103' El Salado '.•:.
Socialist 105 Prince Tyrant 92
• Five pounds extra.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward: selling.
, ... James Porteous.lo9| 297 Greenleaf - 10-4
44* Bobolink 110 1 165 Springfield 107
270 Una Que Amo..loS 446 Mahogany 107
452 Tartar 104 242 Hacienda lor.
42S Pollock 107 434 Rejected '.107
407 bey 107 ... Ashland Ecllpsello
448 Don Daniel ....107;
1 Second Race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward.
452 Entrata 107 1 457 I^umont 107
255 Sinp Win* in I 457 Glenower 103
431 Roulette Wheel. ■ 4."7 Rosa In
452 Raclo 103 457 Himera 117
452 Rose Maid }t, 452 Flandes 122
404 Kormella 107
Third Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward.
<SC3)Lord Marmlon..ll4 425 Dr. Sharp 107
26:» P. A. Finneßan.lC2 409 Musculado .... 99
j 440 Prince Tyrant. .lo7 424 Duke York 11. .107
Fourth Race — One mile and three furlongs;
selling;- four-year-olds and upward.
420 Charlie Relff . .101 1 430 Collins 103
442 Sir Dilke in» 450 I'.rs, nne 104
I 449 Sane & Dance. .lo3 432 Thelma M
I 396 Can't Dance ..Ml 430 Widow Jones .. 89
I (443) Red Glenn ....Ml
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing; four- year-olds and upward. •
412 Palomacita 104 456 Hermanlta 104
i 44."> Una Colorado... loo 449 Veloz 101
450 Heritage 108 449 Benamela 109
Sixth Race— Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
448 Nonchalance . . . 107 1 433 Pescador 113
447 Geo. Palmer ..I'M 1 435 Charles A 107
298 Twinkle Twlnk.lo2 450 Miss Ruth IK
447 Coda — :..105 42 Yon Dunk 107
455 Gallant 107 297 La Mascota ....105
437 Stentor 104 450 Wawona 107
446 D. J. Tobin ....loi ... Pasha 113
... Prlmmie .* 105
TO-DAYS SELECTIONS.
First Race — Bobolink, Tobey, Jame« Por
teous.
Second Race— Entrata, Flandes, Sing Wing.
Third Race— Lord Marmion, Dr. Sharp, P. A.
Finnefran.
Fourth Race — Personne, Charlie Relff, Song
and Dance.
Fifth Race— Palomacita, Hermanlta, Bena
mela.
Sixth Race— Pescador. Twinkle Twink, Non
chalance.
Asthma. Consumption, Bronchitis cured. Dr.
Gordln's Sanitarium. 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, 9 F.,Cal
IN HER SON'S BEHALF-
Mrs. Mitchell's Contest in the h\e
don Estate Now Be»ng Hjeard
by Judge Coffey.
The contest of Mrs. Mitchell to the ap
plication of the heirs of the estate of
Martin Kedon for a distribution of the
estate left by the decedent was again
opened before Judge Corfey yesterday.
Mrs. Mitchell, who claims to have en
tered Into a contract marriage with Ke
don some time prior to his death, objects
to the distribution of the estate until the
rights of her son, who she alleges is the
child of Kedon have been established
by the court and some provision made l>v
him. . .
Mrs. Mitchell— Kedon— was on the
stand yesterday, and told of the relations
with her alleged last husband. . She had
beet) intimate with him, she said, since
1878, and up to the time of Bis death he
always held her In " the highest regard'
After the birth of her boy Kedon always
provided for him. she said. On many
occasions the deceased introduced her as
his wife, .but preferred, even after the
contract marriage, that she either retain
her old name or go by that of Mrs. Mar
tin, which was his Christian name.
The son who the contestant alleges is
K«»don's is now 19 years of age. His
mother believes that he is entitled to a
portion of Kedon's estate, and she will
make a strenuous effort to gain a Judg
ment in his. favor. .
■ — — « m ■ •
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.N'oonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
WILL INCREASE
SUPERVISORS
Charter Makers Favor a
Board of Eighteen
Members.
They Will Be Elected at Large
as Under the Present
System
Dr. Anderson Advocated a Plan to
Hmvo Them Elected From the
Districts.
The Board of Freeholders spent sev
eral hours last night discussing the
proposed new legislative department of
the municipality. The sub-committe^e
appointed to draft a code at laws to
govern the legislative body reported in
favor of a Board of Supervisors con
sisting of eighteen members, who shall
be elected at large and who shall hold
office for two years, with the excep
tiim that the first board under the
charter, if it is adopted, shall so divide
itself by lot that nine members shall
go out at the expiration of the first
year and the other nine members at
the expiration of the second year, and
that thereafter nine members shall be
elected annually to the board.
Dr. Anderson offered as a substitute
for the measure a section providing
that the members of the Board of Su
pervisors shall be nominated at large,
but elected by districts. He also de
sired to have a clause inserted in the
charter providing that upon the filing
of a petition signed by twenty per cent
of the voters of a district the Election
Commissioners should call a special
election in that district.
Dr. Anderson argued that if the Su
pervisors were elected from districts
the voters would be able to better
Judge of the qualifications of the can
didates. He believed that the city
should be redlstricted into eighteen
wards, the same as Assembly districts.
Then in the event of a Supervisor
provina unfaithful to his trust 20 per
cent of the voters could compel the
Election Commissioners to call a spe
cial election to secure his removal. The
Supervisor whose removal was sought
would be allowed, however, to have
his name on the ticket, and in the
event of receiving a majority of the
votes cast he would be allowed to re
main in office, but if defeated his suc
cessor would at once take his seat and
complete the unexpired term.
The suggestion of Dr. Anderson
brought about a lengthy debate.
Ex-Mayor Ellert. P. H. McCarthy,
H. N. Clement and Joseph Comte were
opposed to the district system, as they
believed that no good would accrue
from it. They were of the opinion that
the Supervisors should be elected by
general ticket, as at present, and the
majority of the Freeholders were in
like frame of mind, for Dr. Anderson's
substitute was defeated and the sec
tion suggested by the committee kdont
ed.
The Freeholders npxt decided that no
person shall he eligible to the office of
Supervisor unless he has been for at
least five years continuously a quali
fied elector of the city and county.
The Freeholders will meet again to
morrow nitfht to decide on the powers
of the Supervisors.
MOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACK HOTEL.
N Gerhard, N T 'Madam O de Garts c i
Q H A;i"i. I. Ang 1 & m. Montreal
H Ste\en;<r,n. <hlcago|Mrs Graham. Peadwd!
I, P 1 IJ..T, Boston iMrs Clementson. Bostn !
J W Regan. H «ton J A Fairchlld. L Ang
Mr? < >!»-r. B G Isaacs,fcd N V
Mr- Rf C nn. Huston W Bellmeyer. Term
J W Searles. Salt Lake E Durand. Chicago
G B Cooksey & valet, G H Faatz. N X
Monti -.\\ I Bail, N V
c Cookaey, Montreal F Page. MarysvWe
Mrs Cookaey. Montreal J McNeil. B Crua
Miss Oookaajr, M ntreal X R Smith, Chicago
Ii S c,. n ,.. R.- ] Blnfl F McFar'.and, Stanfrd
■ • B Beadar. Wallace j j Fish. L Ang
Davenport. Wallace J Wel»<ter. N I
W T Graham. I teadwd A H I 'ohn. St Joe
S Clementson. |t.«ton
GRAND HOTEL
B Phoecraft. N>\ City J MrKlnnek * w. Or
J F Brandon. Pn Jose J H Wilson. Honolulu
I X Tralnor. Baeto J J Dailey. Honolulu
G MrKrt'. San .Tnse .Mrs Barnes & d.S Jose
R Brown. Petaluma G A Buell. Stockton
W Thompson, Modesto R Rowlands, Flcrvllte
B Brown fcw.Loa Ang I) C Rndrllff. Jackson
V. H Moran. Berkeley M Sanders & w.snara
E Sharp. Cal A Osborne.w. Eldrldge
H Cole, Pal J Q Jury. San Joac
F Nlckell. L*is Ang F Brandon. San Joaa
Mrs L. Sihrerwood, San H E Adams. Stcktn
, Diego J de Reredetto. Hum-
Mrs M Klser. P Dl»go boldt Bay
J Pound & w. Term
i \ 1.1 >\VIN BORU
A L Brviks. s Cruz G F Chandler. P Jose
Mrs Brooks. S Crus S Storm. Chicago
E W Hale. - Q Mahr.Ti. N I>ak
Mrs E W Hale. Sacto S I' Kendall, Wash
MIM R Halo. SactO C F Burnett. N V
Miss G Hale. S.- L ctr> Mrs Burnett. N V
P •' Brock, Aiameda Q McNaughmn. N V
C F Kretchmer. NTT Fit.-h Jr. Stockton
F D Cobb, Btoektoa F Fitch. Stockton
Mrs FI) Cobb Stkn BtV Boott. N T
Mis* f"ohb. Stockton J O'N-111, Boston
Mrs Bnn-ley. Canada Mlai Mi.reland. Engld
Mlso Barcley. Canada M Straus. S Jose
C Hommer. Canada H Jtaker. L Ang
A Jackson, Chicago C Klpka, Merced
I.l«-K HOISE.
J Ballard. Claromont W L Albright. Ohio
W A Moore. Chicago R B McKcnzlo. Wash
F Holmherger. C a l J H Itunniw, Vallelo
E Manslleld. X T ■ Farrell. S Crui
M D Kat..ri, St.nkton J J C Leonard. S Crux
W C Tlche. Madera J M Walsh. S Cruz
H I" WllsooJkw. S Jose C B Zcek. F.acto
W J Hassett. Sartn F Moody. Truckee
E Johnson. S Jose W Wheelock&w. Chgo
T E Piidgrtt. '">hUi
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Monnhan. Boston W Mesarney A w. Or
W chambers & w. NY J Donaldson, Los Ang
G Benson. Dlxon C F Lukens. Vlsalla
W.T Twohy, "akdale J Shaffer. Sta Rosa
R Hamilton. S Jose J W Allen. Pasadena
T Clifford. Stockton Miss A Allen. Pasadna
W Whitney. Chicago M Howard, r-allstoga
J Whitney. Chicago .T Rowland. Fresno
M Harrison. San Jose F McCarthy, Tulare
J F Brown. Oakdale O Peterson, Stcktn
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner or Market and Third streets, open
until 13 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
M Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:80 p. m.
615 Uirkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
B.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
251? Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open till 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, .shoes, corsets, hosiery, under-
wear. !>edspreads, towels, laces, linings, trim-
nilnK. veiling*, en-., very cheap at Pioneer
Dry ■: «odi St. re. 106 Fourth it
IIAI> tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
c'ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st..«room 6: tel. 6580.
MRS. T.!: FISH, nn. 2. 116 A Urant aye.; elec-
trician; alcoiv 1, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
JNO. HL'LTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
alcohol baths. 8 Mason st.
HME. HANSBQi, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
KOOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 50 up.
HI Third st.
MRS STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. ISQIj (ieary st.. room 11.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 14. Flood butld-
Inc. ctir. Fourth St.
CHEAPBST and best in America— TheTweekly
Call. Sent to any address In the I'nltM
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No 1. F. and A. ■
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _^%_
EVENING. January 20. at 7 3» o'clock. TC3P
Third degree. By order of the Master, '^r
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A M . ttl «
Eddy st— Called meeting THIS
(THURSDAY) EVENING. at TSO TJf
o'clock. Third degree. All Master 'V^
Masons are Invited By order of
THOMAS L HILL. W. M.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. B. F. and A. »
M. — T)ffscers and members are re- #\_
quested to assemble at the Temple >T jt
THIS (THURBDAT) AFTERNOON, at r> *7 y
1:30 o'clock, to conduct the funeral of our late
brother. JAMFS AITKEN
GEORGE J. HOB*E. Secretary.
WILDET Encampment No. 2.r I. O. O. A M
F.— lnstallation of officers THIS 'y"
(THURSDAY) EVENING. January A
20. at Mission Masonic Temple. Mis- X \
sion St.. between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third. T. R. MORSE. Scribe.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. I O. --.v"m---
O. F.— lnitiation THIS (THURS-
DAY) EVENING. January 20.
Visitors cordially invite.]. : -'-*!«»*»"-
GEORGE L PERHAM, Noble Grand.
JAMES BOTBS, Recording Secretary.
OFFICERS and clansmen of the C 7 >^.
Caledonian Club arc- requested to 3\l (i Cf!/
meet at the Masonic Temple
THURSDAY, at 1:30 o'clock, for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our
late clansman. AMES AITKEN.
T . JOHN REID, Chief.
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
THE officers and members of the St. v "^y y,
Andrew's Society are requested to 3lu IJ|J7
meet at the Masonic Temple at 1 30 *V*.i£j?
P. m.. THURSDAY, January 20. to
attend the funeral of our late fellow mem-
ber, JAMES AITKEN.
» o -JAMES S. WEBSTER. Preoident.
A. C. BALLIXGALL, Secretary\
MASONIC Cemetery Association— The annual
meeting of lot-owners in the Masonic Ome-
i*?}' wlli be n«>ld at the Masonic Temple
TT EPDAY AFTERNOON, February 1 189S
at 2 o'clock, for the election of three trustees
and iiuch business as may legally come be-
foreit. GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco, Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY, the 2d day of February. IS9S. at the
hour of H o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be held at the office of the com-
pany. 527 Market st.. San Francisco. Cal..
on Friday, the 21M day of January. 1898. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will clo«e on MONDAY
January 10. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
539 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Iron Works will be held a* the office
of the company. 222 Market st., San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY. January 25. IS9S. at 11:30
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
J. rVR. GI'NN. Secretary,
office. 522 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
January 1". :<fig.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 51 (forty centT"peT~sl»areK~of
the Hutchinson Sugar Plantation Co., will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market St.. on and after THURSDAY. Jan-
uary 20. IS9B. Transfer boons will close on
Friday, January 14. 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—FEMALK.
REFINED German nurse desires situation or
wouM do upstairs work; $15; references.
MISS iTLLEX, :.r. Sutter St.
FIRBT-CLABS Swe ilsh laundress desires situ-
ation; best references; city or country. MISS
■ TLI.KN. 3r. Sutter St.
NEAT, capable German girl desires situation
at housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; refer-
ences. MISS CUL.LEN, 325 Sutter St.
THOROUGHLY competent Scotch waitress anil
chambermaid desires situation; good refer-
ences. MISS CULLKN, 325 Sutter st.
CANADIAN second girl, good waitress, best of
reference, desires a situation. J. FV CRO-
BETT <i- CO., 316 Sutter st.
GERMAN Employment Office— MßS. LAM-
BERT. 417 Powell st. (tet Main 5332), fur-
nishes best help of all nationalities.
COMPETENT woman, strong and willing to
work, wants day work: any kind \vrk:
washing, housecleanlng. $1 and car fare;
w« uld go steady In good home; small family.
BSA Third st.. upstairs, room 5.
AMERICAN widow wis-hes a position as cook
in private family or as day nurse; references;
in. .lei at.> wnges. Address MRS. BROWN,
CJ" Minna St.. near Third, basement.
W("MAN with child 3 years old desires situa-
tion to do housework or assist; good cook:
reference; city: widowers or bachelors need
not apply. ISIS Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation
In private family or boarding-house; best of
references. Call "I 4 Bowie aye., off Eleventh
St.. bet. Howard and Folsom.
ORPHAN girl. IS. wishes home In Christian
family; references; go to school. 2670 Mc-
Allister st.
WANTED — A situation to do housework In a
private family, by first-class cook. Call at
515 Eighth St.. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged woman
to make herself useful In a family; city or
country. Address 11 Morrell, nr. Broadway.
SWEDISH girl wants to go out by the day.
washing and Ironing. 217 C Colllngwood St.,
between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
STRONG German woman wants work of any
klr.i In hotel or restaurant: good home and
small wages. 107 Flllmore st.
TWO young German girls want situations to
do general housework; plain cooking. 243
Second st., upstiirs.
RKUABLI girl wishes a situation at cooking
or housework. Call 2314 Post St.. near Baker,
first floor.
NEAT Danish girl wishes to <5o housework In
n respectable family: $15; reference. 14'^j
Moss st.. off Howard, downstairs.
YOUNG girl. 17. would like a place to do
housework In small family, so as to go to
night school. Call at 220 Valley st. •
GERMAN woman wants work by the day.
washing, cleaning and nursing. Call 933
Howard St.
WOMAN wants work by the day or week: good
cook; very domesticated. Address box 657.
Call offlne.
YOUNG German girl wants a position at sec-
ond work and sewing In private family. Box
666. Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes situation In city or
country to do cooking and houe«work; small
wages. Address box 670. Call office.
COLORED girl, good seamstress and waitress,
wishes situation: second work or maid. Ad-
dress E., box 673. Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to assist In
light housework; no children. 1145 Mission.
RESPECTABLE girl wishes a situation; house-
work and cooking. Apply 321 Ellis st.
FIRST-<'I,AFS co«>k wishes situation in first-
class hotel, boarding-house or restaurant;
understands all branches of cooking; wages
$30 to $35. Address G. F.. box 655, Call office.
WAXTKD-By an elderly American woman,
a place In a small family for housework;
wages $10. 1024 Howard St.. room 10.
WOMAN with a child wants a place as house-
keeper In private family. Call or address
MRS. HUNT, 3369 Twenty-sixth St.
DANISH lady likes to do houaecleanlng or get
a steady place for chamberwork. MRS.
JACKSON. 1011 Mission st.
LADY with a child wishes a position as house-
keeper. Call or address MRS. HUNT, 3369
Twenty-sixth «t.
COLORED woman wishes situation in a small
family; can give best of reference. 611 Pow-
ell st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situatirn as housework;
food cook; best references; $2" to $20. Apply
3012^-i Tuenty-sixth St.; no postals.
BY a young woman with best of references, to
take care of children. 61 Federal Bt.
PROTKSTANT girl for genera! housework;
good plain cook and laundress. Call 1^33
Market st.
TRUSTWORTHY elderly woman wishes light
place in nice family or care for 2 children at
her nome. Address 238 Seventh, rear house.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
GKRMAN woman wishes a situation to do
P'-n.ral housework or as housekeeper; good
plain oook. MRS. JANNTCH. 739 Natoma St..
near Ninth st.
YOCNG woman wants full charge of Invalid
dt Infant. Call at 2So.'> Sixteenth
SITUATION.* WASTED-SULK.
CHINKSE and Japanese (estab. 10 years) help;
_tel. Main 1997. RRAW.KY A ■ ' • . M clay st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day. hour
_or evening. IT2\ O'Farrell st. : tel. Davis 6»lo.
CHINKSE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 4UV4 OFarrell st ; tel. East 426.
BITITAT. "»NS W.-WTED— Continued.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 5-5.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614V4 California St.; tel Main 231. _
POSITION by a first-class bookkeeper and ac-
countant: 5 years' experience; can furnish
bank and commercial references; age 25
years. Rox 6C5. Call office.
EXPERIENCED, fine, large gentleman wants
position as floor walker: can influence nice
trade for dry goods or department store. Box
662. Call office.
BOY of IT years who is willing to work wants
a place in a store or make himself useful In
any capacity. GEORGE FARKEuL. l«o Clara
St., rear.
COOK — Wanted, situation in restaurant, lunch
or coffee house; Steady and competent; best
of references. 654 Mission st. . room 1.
CAPTAIN well acquainted in northern waters
wishes to run steamer on the Yukon next
summer. Box 604, Call office.
ELDERLY man wants • a position as book-
keeper; best references: small salary. Pio-
neer, box 661. Call office.
STEADY man wants situation on country
place; care of horses, lawn, garden, etc.;
pood references. Address box Hf, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position In a black-
smith shop to finish learning trade: has had
some experience. Address 640 Howard St.
JAPANESE cook wishes situation; city or
country. M. X.. 809 Stockton st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Orant ay.
WANTED— Position by a young lawyer who
obtained diploma by making himself useful.
Can you use such a one? Address box 646,
Call office.
WANTED— By a young man. a place In a
wholesale house; not afraid of hard work.
Box 648. Call office.
SITUATION wanted— Clerk In hardware, stove
or general merchandise store; can furnish
best references. E.. box 9. Call office. Oakld.
ACTIVE young man with literary Inclination
wants position In some literary department;
a good writer and composer. Address box
625. Call Office.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work, wait on table or cooking. Address
T. SAIKA. 1006 Hyde st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work, wait on table or cooking. Address
F. TAMGUCHI. 13?» Pine St.
YOUNG married man wants situation at liv-
ing wages: has had experience as grocery
clerk and is handy with tools. Box 623. Call.
GARDENER; single: thoroughly competent In
all branches gardening and greenhouse work,
first-class references; would like position
with private family. Box ESS, Call office.
BAKER on cake and bread; country prefer-
red. New Atlantic Hotel, 209 Montgomery
aye.
TOT'NG man. graduate of business college, de-
sires situation in an office or store; under-
stands bookkeeping: fair penman; speaks
Italian. M. MAGGINI. Prescott House.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 2<">o rooms. "5c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respect-
able; free 'bus and baggage to and from
ferry.
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
5 WAITRESSES, different country hotels. $20
and found, fare paid; 10 girls for housework,
cJty and country; voune girls to assist house-
work. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay St.
GIRL, Shasta County, $25, see party here, 9 to
11 a. m. : 4 girls, Broderick. $2": girl. Niles,
Cal., see party here; girl, Buchanan. $2".
girl. Castro, $20: pirl. Eastland. $25, see
party here; girl. Filbert, J2O; 3 girls, Berke-
ley. $20 to $2.">: girl. Gough, $20; girl, 2 In
family, $25. California: girl. Pierce. $20; girl,
I'"St, fIS; I girls. Alameda. $20: girl Frank-
lin. $25: girl. Golden Gate aye.. $20; girl,
Washington, $25; 2 girls. Baker, $20. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market St.
DISHWASHER, $3 50 a week: waitress, city,
$23; 4 waitresses, $5 a week: chambermaid,
country, $2n and room : 3 waitresses. $20 and
ItXMn; 5 waitresses. $15 and room; 3 wait-
resses, country, $45 and room: chambermaid
and wait, $20 and room. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
WAITRESS. North, first-class country hotel.
. waitress, country hotel, south, fare
paid, $20; ", waitresses, country hotels, near
city. $20; chambermaid for RakersSeld. free
f'. re. $20; restaurant waitress, city. $15: 4
i ks. private families. 525; German second
girl. J2.'. : 24 girls, housework. $1.". and $20. C.
R. HANSEX & CO.. 10S Geary Bt
GIRL for general housework, Berkeley. $30;
Alameda. $2".: Mill Valley. $2G; 6 German
house girls. $20 to $2.": 2 girls to assist. Sl2:
woman, institution, $20. MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st.
COOK. P0; second girl. $25: houseglrl. two In
family. $2T>; middle-aged woman, country, $20;
young girl, $10 to $12: nurse, $15. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
TWO French second girls. S2O; French nurse.
$2i; 4 German and Scandinavian second
girls. $20 and *1!5: German waitress and par-
lor maid. $20: 4 cooks, German style. $25:
2 waitresses. $20. and a great many girls for
cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter St.
GERMAN Employment Office. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 417 Powell st., has places for girls
of all nationalities.
SWEDISH girl, small American family, no
sweeping or windows, $20; 3 German cooks.
$25 to $30; German cook. Bakerstleld. $30; 3
German second girls, $15 and $20; 6 young
girls, $10 to $15. MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell.
WANTEl>— German waitress. $25; Swedish
laundress. $30; French waitress. $25: French
chambermaid and sewing. $20; erirls for
housework, $20 and $15. LEON ANDRE, 30S
Stockton st.
25 RELIABLE girls: best homes In the city
at the highest wages paid. Select Ladles'
Exchange, managed by ladles, 1023 Market.
HOUSEKEEPER, new hotel; lady office cash-
ier. Select Ladies' Trade, 101S Washington
st., Oakland.
LADY stenographer, publishing house, $10: cash-
ier, grocery store. 101S Washington, Oakland.
V' 'ING lady to address envelopes and do light
office work. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife as. manager and cashier; light
cash business. 1023 Market St.
TRAVELING saleslady, tailnr-made garments,
$15 weekly. 1C23 Market st.
WANTED— Work by the day: any kind of
housework: i»ond laundress: $1 per day and
car fare. MRS. If., 1241U Market, near 9th.
GIRL or woman to assist light housework. 25
Rausrh St.. bet. Seventh and Eighth, Folscm
and Howard.
NEAT girl for light housework; between 14 j
and IS; wages $fi. Apply 80S Filbert St.. bet. i
11:30 a. m. and 4 p. m.. to-day.
COMPETENT glr! for general housework and
cooking: no washing. Call between 9 and 11
at 2615 Vnlon st.
NEAT girl for general housework, who Is a
good, plain cook; wages $12. Call 2721 Mis-
sion st.
WANTED— A German girl for cooking and
housework. 215 Mason st.
GOOD girl for general housework; good, plain
rooking. $2'i. TM Cole st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing; $15. 910 A Devlsadero. near McAllister.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework;
sleep home. 460 Tehama st.
MACHINE operators on gloves. Carson Glove
Co.. 35 Market st.
TOI'XG girl to care for child; $6 per month
and f.iund. 2331 Pine st.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
GIRL to assist with housework and children
JW7 McAllister st.
STROXO young girl for general housework-
US; references. 15UU Howard st. - eworK -
GERMAN girl for housework. Inquire bet 10
and 11 a. m.. 440 Ashbury st.. near Oak.
GI I2! ll C OS r Genr e -1t nOU9eWOrk - CaU bet. 10 and
YOUNG (,-lrl for general housework 10 Llhert-v
st . near Valencia. '
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 25
„ MB Mission st., bet. First and Second
LADIES' shoes, solelng. 35c. men's shoes, sole-
ing. 60c : all repairing done at half the usual
price. K62 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d.
DR. WISE th- ladies' specialist. 1118 Market
st.: monthly troubles, etc. One visit sufficient.
THE Mnlx.wf.ll Dressmaking and Millinery
Scho<a is the best place to learn: Mechanics'
Fair diploma: pattern? cut 25c up. 103 Post.
MONET loaned on l watches, diamonds Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
61 LA RKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WAITED.
COOK AND ~~~-~~ -^ -^
$50, man as cook, wife as waitress for a
smal'5 mal '. c °"ntry hotel. 20 boarders. MURRAY
636 Clay st fading Employment Agents. 634-
I '< >< . X AX D "WIFE .
r^;r,» man as cook, wife as waitress, for a
country hotel: fare $2 50. ' MURRAY &
ft* r-i 1 • Reading Employment Agents, 634-
WO \, 13.V • 8t»
1 HOTEL COOKS. X WAITERS. ETC
6 cooks. $40. $35. $30: 6 waiters, $25 $20- 3
restaurant waiters. $7 and 8 week: '3 dish-
washers here. $15 and $20: ranch cook. MIR-
1 & 634^f^ay'st. LeaainB '*&*&?
HELP WASTED- Continued.
MILKERS
3 milkers. $2> and found: 2 grafters for an
orchard; choreboy; 4 miners for a gold mine.
MURRAY A READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
PAINTERS
Maple rrainer, city job. $3 day. MURRAY
& REAI'Y. Leading Employment Agents,
634-63t Clay st.
564 TIEMAKERS —
(.009,006 ties to cut. Sc. 9c and IPe each; 2.-j
families to cut ties, good houses for fami-
lies to live in. MTJRRAT 4 READY, Lead-
ing Employment j Clay at.
WANTED— New ajid second-band furniture
buyer :ind seller: good salary. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 621 Bacramento K.
waxt!-:!' First-clam blank book and Job
ruler; S3 to $3 50 day. Apply to J. F. LROb-
ETT & CO., 62s Sacramento s-t.
WANTED— M railroad I -■ Sc to Me,
tools advanced, long Job; 2 more miners. $3
day: coal miners by contract; ship carpent-
ers. $2 SO to $3 ('.ay: " boat-builders. $2 -'0 to
$3 day: and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
RAILROAD laborers and teamsters.
50 tlemakers. new cam]).
100 woodchoppers by contract.
C. R. HANSEN X CO.. 108 Geary Bt.
CAKE baker. $50; E cooks. $10. $8 and $7 a
week.
Waffleman, $35; porter for a restaurant, $25;
extra waiters.
2 waiters, country, $25 and $20.
Baker and pastry cook, assist on the range,
country hotel. $50.
French cook, country. $45.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
FLANNEL washer, steam laundry. MARTIN
A CO.. 749 Market Et.
20 MEN to cut redwood ties. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
COOK, $30 and room: cook, $35 and room; cook.
$12 a week: 2 cooks. $10 a week; 3 boardinsr-
house cooks; 3 second cooks. $6 and $7 a
week: cook, $9 a week. MARTIN & CO., 749
Market st.
JAPANESE cook and helper, $40 and room.
MARTIN ft CO., MS Market st.
WANTED— Nlctat cook for restaurant and
oyster house, $40; cook for grill room, coun-
try. $10 and found: third cook, $20; French
boarding-house cook. $30; waiter. $30: boy for
dining room, $10: butler, first-class, $45, etc.;
pantryman, $20. etc. ANDRE'S, 308 Stockton.
313 BUSH st. offers places to-day for practi-
cal general agent: advertising man, $1S; ho-
tel steward: elevator runner: steamer assist-
ant clerk; man an,] wife, positions of trust,
and 25 other valuable openings; no expense
to investigate.
WANTED— Steady man who can write plain
hand to assist in per.teel cash business: must
be satisfied with $75 \<nr month and have $130
cash. VS.". Market st, room 3.
GROCERY warehouseman; city collector; 2
good drivers; club porter. 1023 Market st.
SHIPPING dock watchman, single, about 40
and large. 101S Washington St., Oakland.
WANTED— Good stictaer man. 146 Berry st.
WANTED — Neat errand boy between 16 and
17; references. 258 Jessie st.
S MEN f"r good voyage; good wages; no fee
charged. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
WAITER wanted. 207 Second st.
WANTED— First-class waiter. 207 Second st.
ELI >;;RI.Y man as bedmaker, with references,
at 53 Second st.
WILLING boy to learn drug business; give
age. Address box 672. Call office.
FEW gentlemen of good address as outside
men: 9 to 5. SI 1 * Third st.. room 5.
V.'ANTED- Men and women; work home: I pay
$S to $16 a week for making crayon portraits;
new patent method: any. one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. 11. A.
GRIPP, German Artist, Tyrone, Pa.
AN outside agent to sell teas and coffees on
commission. 2C? Fourth st.
WANTED— Shoemaker on second-hand work:
good hand. 668 Howard st.
WANTED— A good tailor on custom coats by
the week. (2G Minna St.
GOOD three chair shop for sale cheap. 43Va
Third st.
TWO-. "HAIR barber shop; 1119 A Folsom St.;
make offer.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
RECRUITS wanted !or the United States
marine corps. United States navy; aVi>--
bodied. unmarried men, hetween the ages of
21 ami .If ye;>.rs. who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
b« of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and b« he-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruitine: office. 20 Ellis st.San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Uolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
GOOD union pressman; must be thorough on
platen and cylinder work; quick, careful,
conscientious and reliable. Address, giving
experience, references, *tc. box SSO. Call.
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes:
been si Ichtiy . damaged: at less than on°-
fourth their value: from 25c to $2 50. 562
Mission st.. bet. First and Second sts.
SHOEMAKERS to get men's calf uppers, $I-
sam- prire to order; best American. $1 50
SHIRLEY. 921 Howard st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
E. SIMON wants 100 men to get bottle beer
or wine. sc; best free lunch. 643 Clay st.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
MEN'S Boleing. 50c: l adi«s'. 40c: while you
wait. 63S Market: branch. 767 Market.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sec,. 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of Tho Call:
want ads anil subscrlntlons taken.
OB LARKIN— office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms in c and 15c night. 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 3
F. Barber College. 13S<4 Eighth.
ELCHO House. SR3^i Market Rooms 20c..
tßc to 60c night; $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS. 35c to 75c per night; 50c to $1 50 per
week- Oriental. 225 Drumm st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission:
men to take rooms: 10c. ISo and 25c per
night; 60c. Me and $1 per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency, llft^utter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
AGENTS WANTED.
DO you use show-cards or advertising signs?
Walt until you see the new brilliant metal
letters; fastened on any card: salesmen
wanted: made only by the Baker Letter Com-
pany, 409 Sanchez St., S. F.
AGENTS, either sex: splendid offer. Call 10 to
4. SQ6 Market St., room 321. ■_.
PARTNERS WANTED.
— WANTED, partner to enlarge established
business 41 Turk st.
FURNITUKE WAITED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st.! hlrh^pt ri**ln«*« nntrf. Tel . Davis 71.
HOUSES WANTED.
1 WANT a sunny flat or house. 7 to 9 rooms, •
in perfect condition. 15» minutes walk from
Palace Hotel, for 1 year or longer; if partly
furnished will board owner if desired on suit-
able terms: rent must be about $30; family 4
adults. Address box 631. Call office.
HwOMS WANTED.
2 RUNNY unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
north of Market st. Box 60S, Call office.
WANTED— An unfurnished room, cheap. Ad-
' dress box 6CO. Call office.
HOARDING WANTED.
WANTED— home near school or board-
ing-school for boy of 9 years. Address, with
■ particulars and terms, box 650, Call office.
• PROPERTY- WANTED.
WANTED— To buy or rent improved ranches;
" give us full particulars. A. M. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market. ■-■-.■■..
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
MOTOR. ?i horse power, for direct current
BACIGALUPI, 933 Market st.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves"
etc." JAMES <-UHTIN. 1123 Market st.
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins.
wanted; best prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom.
OX furniture, pianos; no removal: lowest rates -
no com. SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall Sqre.'
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales; tool*, etc.
. bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
I PAWNBP.OKER-Old gold, silver, cast-oft
| clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN, 41 Third.BISIXESS CHANCES.
A— sSso: corner grocery and bar, with 4 living
rooms, In Mission; horse and wagon; doing
a good paying business; no opposition within
a block; low rent. Call WILKE, 753 Market.
A— s23o; delicacy, branch bakery and confec-
tionery store, on Hayes st.; 2 living rooms:
rent $16; first-class investment. WILKE, 7-3
Market st.
*SSO— SALOON, corner on Sixth st., 1 block
from Market st. ; or partner taken for $300;
good business: owner need 3 reliable man fur
assistance. YYU.KK. 783 Market et.
$550— ROADHOUSE, about 10 miles from San
Francisco; 2 acres of picnic ground, pavilion.
6 living rooms, dining hall; rent $40; a No. 1
paying place. Particulars, WILKE, 783
Market street.
$200— CHOP and oyster house, half block from
Market st. and Baldwin Hotel; rent $45;
■greatest bargain: owner must leave alone; a
great sacrifice. WILKR, "S3 Market street.
$350; best paying corner saloon on Sixth St.:
rent $40; a genuine business offer: rarest
chance in the market. All particulars, call
WILKK. 753 Market st.
CHOP hou^e and restaurant; established
many years and doing a first-class business;
meals. 20 cents and above; choicest location
opposite ferry landing; rent low; lease
WILKE. 783 Market st.
' SALOON"; established yeais; close to three
theaters and Baldwin Hotel; low rent,, doing
good paying business; first-class bargain
WILKE. "S3 Market st.
$2£o0 — RAREST chance: corner saloon In very
best location in city; established many
years; clearing above $250 per mo.: lease:
large stock; the very best clus of customers.
Particulars. wii.KE. 753 Market st.
$600—01.0 and first-class paying saloon; close
to Baldwin Hotel: best class of custom: net
rent $60; a tin-? business opening. Inquire
WILKE. 783 Market st.
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. tto% Market
st., will sell your business quick for cash.
$1000— GROCERY and bar; fine location.
$750— Restaurant doing good business.
JTiO— Lodging house; best location.
$123— Branch bakery near Market st.
Bee ARMSTRONG & ALLISON, Sfiol-i Market.
$120O— WOOD. coal, feed store: good bargain.
$700— Saloon, best location in city.
$1700— Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition
J-'-j' 1 — Coal oil route; well established.
Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain-
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & [WINK'S. 777 Market st.
$150— SALOOX ; half price if «old this day.
CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$30"- SALOON; half price; going to Klondike.
CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$225— BRANCH bakery and variety store- 5
rooms. CURRAN A CO., 30 Kearny st.
COFFEE saloon near Baldwin hotel; receipts
$40 day. H. C. DECKER, IC2O Market st.
CANDY-STORE; Market st.: receipts $300 per
month; offer wanted. DECKER, l>~2o -Market.
$500— BAKERY and confectionery; the best part
of the city; receipts $2" daily: sell on account
of other business. Box 667, Call office.
TOWN SEND ST., 202. near Third— : •■-
taurant for sale; a rare chance for man and
wife.
MAN p..- partner; commission business In the
city. 1015 Market st.. room 17, second floor.
SMALL grocery store for sale on account of
sickness. 119 Seventh s-t.
180— BRANCH bakery; eood laundry office; nico
furniture included. 511 Laguna st.
HOTEL for sale, in a thriving town, within
one hour's journey of the city: containing 50
rooms, bath, etc.: modern brick building on
low leas^: new furniture for sale; low price:
easy terms; good paying trade: bar about $.0
per day. Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE &
CO.. 63S Market st.
STOCK and fixtures of grocery store, iron
safe, scales, etc.. located at 103 Third f=t. :
also horses, harness, buggy, wagons, etc.,
for sale: sealed bids ■.■ [I] be received by the
undersigned up to 11 a. m. Thursday, Janu-
ary 20, IS9S. Parties wishing to see inventory
or to Inspect the stock apply to D. A. CUR-
■ TIN. Mills building, third floor, roam 24.
LA ESTRELLA Mining and Milling Company
is prepared to sell a limited number of shares
. at 50c per share; cash or installments: see
cur specimens in Tuolumne County exhibit at
the Miners' Fair, and send for prospectus and
particulars to La EFtrella Mining and Mill-
ing Company, box 395, Sonora, Tuolumne
County. Cal.
A GOOD chance for a live theatrical man; I
hold a 2 years' lease on the Jefferson Theater.
Peattle, Wa.»h.. an-1 will either take partner
or sell. Address E. B. FRIEND, manager
Jefferson Theater. Seattle. Wash.
PARTNER wanted for general merchandise
and auction business in a prosperous mining
community; big returns already proven, war-
ranting increase of capital. Call or address
room 2. Crocker building .
PLAY the racer en our new system; ISO a week
on $100 capital: no charges "unless successful.
Call or write the American - Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and «, ■:.<' Market St.. S. F.
FINE grocery and saloon: doing a large bar
business: transfer corner; located on Junc-
tion of car line. Inquire at grocery store,
northeast corner of Eighteenth and Valencia.
I have *200 which I would like to invest in
an interest in a cigar stand or some legiti-
mate business: give full particulars. Ad-
dress box 027. Call office.
GOOD CHANCE— fitted up rebtaurant
for pale: doing good business: in the heart of
Oakland; don't fail to see this. Apply at 214
Sixth St., Oakland.
PATENTS.
SMITH & OSBORN. Regist'd Patent Agents;
established 1862. 319 Pine St., city.
BARBERS, attention— Half Interest In good
barber-shop; reasonable 'price: good barber
70S Fourth st., San Rafael, Cal.
LAUNDRY -in good running condition, with
horse and wagon; for rent or for Bale. Box
652. Call office.
£27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion nnd want ads taken.
WANTED— To buy half or whole butcher busi-
ness in country: state particulars. Address
box 824, Call office.
. MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SALOON, '-."'-.. Sansome st., near postoffice;
sickness cause of selling.
BRANCH bakery, stationery, lunch business
for sale. (15 Stockton st.
FOR PALE or trade— Barber- shop: best stand
In San Francisco. Inquire .'.2 Eighth st.
RESTAURANT doing- good business for sale.
625 Washington st.. In saloon; no agents.
WANTED— Partner in dyeing and cleaning es-
tablishment. 929 Folsom st.
PAYING city route: clearing $100 a month or no
sale; trial given; no experience. 402^ Geary.
$150— SALOON in best business block in this
city; for sale ch»ap. 637 Clay Ft.
CHOP house for sale. Apply 29 Fourth st.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
WOOD and coal yard for sale cheap: must be
sold by February 1. Address box 605, Call.
WANTED— Goodwill of country saloon; state
price; no agents. Box 501, Call office.
$25— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; sult-
able for ;ny business. 15 Grant aye.
A WEEK'S news for » cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
$500— Restaurant; good business; trial given.
233 Sixth st.
&27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
AH KA ENTERPRISES.
WANTED— men with $100 each to go to Daw-
son City with eggs; will leave February i
sure and will guarantee $3000 to each man:
the trip will be made In 40 days; address
quick. Box Of.:',. Call office.
ALASKA -Caisson Mining and Trading Com-
pany; office No. 37 Crocker building. S. F.—
The company proposes river mining for gold
in Yukon River by means of a superior in-
vention, to establish sawmills and machine
shops and work with great profit In other di-
rections. Call cr write; full particulars.
Shares, $10.
WANTED— Bright, honest man with $1000 to
$1500: business here in sight: no wildcat; In-
venor Tmlton boat and Alaskan life Jacket.
627 Ellis St.. after 6 p. m., or 113 First st.
No agent. •
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
150- ROOM hotel; 100 boarders $10,000
14-room house, on Post 600
3-room, for housekeeping 110
34-room house, new 1600
100-room house; fine corner 7000
-;7-room house on Post st. 1600
*4-room house near Call office 800
34 rooms, fine corner '. ..' 1600
Xi rooms, corner, the very best... 2000
U rooms, on O'Farrel! St., only 650
IOE-room hotel, only 6500
16 rooms, on Market, part offices.... 850
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye., rent $40.... 600
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. |
SAFE and sure Investment; transient
lodging-house; 60 beds; best location in city;
guaranteed to clear $85 monthly; no trouble
for party to run: 'month's trial before pur-
chasing. Apply HEALY &■ CO., 917 Market.
$550— LODGING-HOUSE ; neat bargain ; leav-
ing cause of sale. CURRAN ; & CO., 30
Kearny st.
U ROOMS; elegant location; clears $250 month;
rare bargain. Address Down-town, h««: 6i3,
Call office.
HOUSES TO LET.
$25— HOUSE. of 10 rooms, bath; garden, base-
ment; sunny, belt. 109 Cumberland et.. be-
tween 19th and 10th. Guerrero and Dolores.
FOUR rooms: bath. Preclta ire., near
Mission and Twenty-seventh. Apply prem-
ises.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
so. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay
It off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co., 11 Montgomery st.
ALL, OVER TOWN — — — — —
You pee houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HO WELL. 10 Montgomery. ,
WEBSTER. 1321, near O'Farrell— Sunny con-
venient house, 6 rooms; only $23. •
WILLOW aye.. 611— House of S rooms, with or
without stable.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$7, $3 and $9 cottages. 1 and 4 room*: good or-
der. Apply 945 Bryant, or UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery >t. _________
FLATS TO LET.
EIGHTEENTH. 455.~.A. n»ar liattle — Sunny
flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath, $10 and $13.
FOURTEENTH, 736, near Market— Handsome
middle flat; " rooms. .
$12— LOWER fiat. 4 rooms; basement, mantel,
folding: door. 715 Tet__ _ ft . near Eighth.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary at., nr.
Polk. SPECK CO.. 602 Market st. -
ALL OVER TOWN " ~ ; — rrrr: — -
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN -
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st. •__
NATOMA. Til Flat of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar; sun all ilay: $10.
$22— 6-ROOM upper flat. 315 O'Farrell st., near
Mason. Apply 13 Grant aye.
UPPER sunny corner flat. 7 rooms; rent low.
233 Page st.
PERRY. 117. bet. Third and Fourth— Bay-win-
dow flat of '■■ rooms and bath.
SECOND, 629— Flat of 6 sunny rooms, $15; also
cottage. 4 sunny rooms. HI.
STEVENSON. IMG near Eighteenth— Flat of 4
rooms; hall; double parlors; $10.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BARTLETT. 414, near Twenty-nth— Flat, 3
rooms, fink room and bath; all sunny: nicely
furnished; hot water supplied; rent $15.
BUSH, 2325—2 furnished sunny front room? for
I light' housekeeping; no children.
I CAPP, 614 1 sunny rooms: furnished for house-
keeping; also single rooms.
i EDDY. 743— Lower floor. 3 or 4 rooms, fur-
| nlshed for housekeeping, or unfurnished.
! EDDY. 917— Nicely furnished front connecting
■ rooms; gas range; splendid location.
! FIFTH, Furnished housekeeping. 3, $13;
also single. $5; 1 double.
FOLSOM, r»23, near Second— Large front bay-
window room for housekeeping; one single
i room; also hot and cold water and bath.
I FRANKLIN, 523— Unfurnished front room,
carpeted, and kitchen; for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE, 10.'9 — One or two unfurnished
front rooms for housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 620— Sunny parlor floor;
housekeeping; $25; also other rooms.
HOWARD, BUB— Front bay-window room for
light housekeeping. $10 per month; transient.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished, sunny,
front, large housekeeping rooms, $8 to $9.
JESSIE. 433—2 nice sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $S; cheap. --•>.!"
MINNA, Furnished housekeeping rooms.
SUITE of 3 nice large sunny front housekeep-
ing rooms, furnished complete: furniture all
new; suitable for 4 or 5 persons; rent $3 per
week. Apply at shoe store, 662 Mission St.,
bet. First and Second.
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Cheap furnished
housekeeping and single rooms.
OTARRELL. 533>,4— 0ne to five unfurnished
rooms and bathroom: reasonable.
O'FARRELL. 535%— 1 to 5 unfurnished rooms
and bathroom; reasonable.
PERRY. 166—2 nicely furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; running water.
SECOND, 52— Light housekeeping, single and
double rooms: very reasonable.
SIXTH. Jl9A — 3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, JS4— 2 sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
1 STANLEY Place, 19—110, I nice sunny rooms,
Including hath: also $7 80, 4 Rood rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3728, near Dolores— 2 sunny
rooms for housekeeping.
VAN ness .WE . 817. cor. Ellis st— Sunny
front housekeeping, $18; also unfurnished.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
ROOMS TO LET.
BUSH, 82C — Small single rooms, furnished, for
gentlemen; rent low.
DEVI9ADERO, ICO3«4— Furnished rooms, house-
keeping and single, $12 and $15.
| SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
j near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
GEARY, "IS — Elegant sunny housekpg rooms,
complete; also double, single; reasonable.
GEARY, Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7.
HOWARD, 9S9— Best and cheapest room in the
city.
HOWARD, S2l— The Globe— 6o rooms; suite and
single; reading rooms; from 25c per night
' and $1 per week up.
i HOWARD. 715, ST. ■ DAVID'S— 2OO rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading-room; 23c up.
JESSIE. 435, rear of Mmt — Two neat, sunny
rooms; rents $4 and $6: private family.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
• In every respect: terms reasonable.
LARKIN, 327— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion, for Jubilee visitors.
MARKET. 1032— (New management); fine, clean
rooms, $1 to $2 CO per week: transient. 25c up.
MCALLISTER. 14 — Fine large studios, class-
rooms, offices, $8 per month up: suites, $14.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MINNA. 319— Nice furnished front rooms.
MISSION. 1771 — 4 unfurnished rooms; bath and
stationary tubs.
MISSION. 921%— Nice front room; gas and
bath; $6 month.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
NINTH, 130%— Neat, sunny; bay window and
grate; also 1 small room; reasonable.
POST, — Sunny furnished room In private
family; use of kitchen, or board of desired;
cheap to desirable party.
POWELL, New house; newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate . rates; families.
SEVENTH. 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SIXTH, Large, nicely furnished rooms:
single or double; running water; closet; $1 25
a week up. .■
SIXTH, Nice sunny single rooms; $5 per
month. _^
STOCKTON, 17, European— rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
AT THE STANFORD. 320V4 Butter— sin-
gle rooms for Jubilee visitors, 50c to $1 50
per day.
TAYLOR. 1509, near Paclflc-rSunny room; pri-
vate family; references: rent $8.
TENTH. Sunny hall bedroom; gas and
closet; $5.
800 BUSINESS cards printed $1; 24 visiting
cards. 25c. HILL. 724% Market st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BOARDING A.ND ROOM?
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms;, first-class, board, $3 GO.
FELL, 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional: parlor for 2 with board, $35.
F"l.scM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY; beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. ' 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
LYON, £38, cor. Fulton — room, with
board, In private family; near panhandle.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; good board : terms moderate.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
AMKRK'AN iady living Jn one of the healthi-
est locations In . San Rafael will take chil-
dren of good family to board; best ot care
and training. Address W. A. V., box 652,
San Rafael..
WIDOW wishes few Infants to board. 2618
Bryant St., bet. 24th and 25th. •
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; lar.e
sunny yard; near school. 61 Clara st.
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, TUTHSDAY, JAXUAUT 20, 1898.
STORKS TO LET.
TO lot— Fine large store, with living rooms;
Folsom ft., between Eighth and Ninth; RUlt-
aM>' tor any Kind of business. In<iu:ii
PETERSON, :'.-'4 Bush st.
STORK and I rooms, suitable butcher shop or
fruit Store; Cheap. 27th and Alabama sts.
TO LET— Stores and lodging houses of the
Lincoln School property, southeast oorner
Market and Fifth sts. A. J. RICH &- "'(>..
Real Batata Agents, 112 Montgomery st
ST< >RE anil rooms for grocery or bakery: fix-
tures. Corner Page and Lagans sts.
OFFICES TO LET.
.. .
2 BAT-WINDOW suites. 2. 3 rooms, nicely fur- |
nished; suitable offices; reasonable. 321F.11i5. I
218 BANSOME st.. now occupied by W. Loaiza
A Co. ASHTON. 411 Montgomery st.
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION. :'■<. op,». Wells-Farg..'s new build-
ir.g— Second and third floors; power available.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALP'B Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 80 teachers, 1100 grad-
uates placed since UK; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 32. Montgomery st.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
* kkeeplng, telegraphy, etc; life scholar-
ship, J.'.O: low rates per week and month.
ASBAYING- \ few -tn.l.nts in assaying at
reduced rates: apply at once. A. A. HANKS.
7is Montgomery street.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, meeh., survey, assay, nrchit. : day &• eve.;
eat ISM. VAN DBR N WT.T.S.X. BS3 Mark.-t.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room r.72. XC Market st.
FLUTK, mardnlin. guitar lessons; club »1
monthly. PROF. OASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing;, gram-
mar; day. nlßht: $.i no, 1.-.04 Market, op. Bth.
INlUYiprAl, Instruction, s>
writing; terms reainniilt hUSA Post st.
BAN FRANCISCO R'isiness College. \2?.i Mar-
ket St.: 124 positions in 'M; 103 in '97.
LtTDLUM School of Elocution an.l l>ramatlc
Art. 92S Sutter st.
PROF. M KOLANDER. teacher mandolin,
puitar and banjo. Mi Market St.. off Mas in.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French.
SpaniFh: rn-w classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
FIPK teachers' agencies in 10 cities; teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons;
*3 month Man- Westpmis. 3? Fifth st
MUSICAL IXSTIII HKXTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when go^d instruments can he
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $:>. $G. $7. $S. fj,
$10: handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Pureahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stclnway without sacri-
floe. BHERMAN, i'UY & CO.. Sieinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west Of Chicago is KOHLER A CHASE'S.
26. 2S anl 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano It will pay you to
consult us Why? Because we buy only In
carload lots, pay cash for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby. HENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20
O'Farrell st., Curtaz block.
CONOVER. slijthtly used, $r,O.
Pteinway. slightly used, J27."
second hand. $190.
Larxe stork, lowest iti. ••«. r«nt. Installment
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 93? Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices; Improve the opportu-
nity: agency famous Haines Ilr ■ . Bush' &
Gcrts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON.
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 324 Post.
KEEFFK'S. K'2l Van v 3 fine up-
rights, little used. sacrificed; Schubert,
Btelnway and Decker Pros.
DECKER * SON pianos are always satisfac-
tory. r,ex low prices from Mauvais Knslc
Co.. 7«9 Market st.
SOHMERAC6.. Byron Maosy, Newbr, Evans.
Rrlpirs p.n'l other pianos: see U r r»>nt plan;
no interest first yenr. 30«. SlO, 31.2 p. *t
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos nt
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 733 Market st.
A fine piano sacrificed for- cash; see it,. this
morning, as tne first caller will surely take
It Room 12 Flood building.
A— J5O- fine '■ upright; sacrificed for cash.
M Kearny st.
SACRIFICED — Elegant uprla-ht piano; must
sell. 230 Kearny St., room 26.
SMALLEST ad, lowest prlee. Heine, 194 Ellis.
$40 piano: splendid Instrument; great sacri-
fice. 1131H Mission Bt.-
BARGAIN upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister st.. near Hibernla Bank.
HORNTTNO/S new style pnu
brilliant, powerful tone. Jl6 Post st.
KINGSBURY (1817 moAel) Is the plai
want. J HARRY SCOTT. 5t6 ' :
BrPKFTOR violins, zithers. oM and new JI
M'"T,T.KR. maker, repnirer 2 I..i»):ani place
KN'A'IK !i!.in«'«: new seal,-. new styles.
KOHLKR Sr 30 O'Farrell st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. ci«y-o ; »n nntl 9:30
o'clock: branch office of Th« Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
IIHMTUIE FOR SALE.
THE furniture of a fi-room cottair<\ set ready
for housekeeping: also several we!l->.red Jap-
anese puk dogs: everything R"es a t ■ bargain
to n c:ivii buyer; prem I I Inouire at
449 Bryant st.
FOR BALE— Nice f>:rnitur<». r> rooms, kit' bin.
3 upper rooms, rented; pay the rent; sunny
side. 534 Turk Ft.
CHFAPF^T and best In Amerlrs-The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address tn the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, eneines. 2'l hand mi ■
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 r.-ale st.
5000 PAIR shoe lasts; also dealer in second-
hand tools, machinery-, etc. ; mail orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
FOR sale — Gasoline launch at a sacrifice; 23
fe*t long. 8 horse-power. Union make. Ad-
dress M. M. HAAS. Napa.
A— GOLD Howard watch for $50; cost {100.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ELEGANT, almost new bar .fixtures, very
cheap. 1003 McAllister st.
OLD buildings bought an.i removed at short
notice. Apply old Bay District Track build-
ings or 629 A Ellin. . J. B. FRENCH.
FOR RALE — A large dog; cross between St.
Bernard and Newfoundland: 14 months old.
Apply 1309H Dolores st., city.
FOR sale— Double-end boat, 24x^:6; all com-
plete; $75. MRS. VOGEL. 1108 Kentucky St.,
near Eighteenth. "*
FINE saloon front, embossed stained glass,
nickel plate, very cheap. 1166 Mission st.
BLACKSMITHS outfit for sale; also stalls to
let, $1 75. no; Mission.
PIPE for sale— looo feet 4. 5 and 6 inch;
wrought iron; good as new; half price. Ap-
ply 2518 Pine st.
FINE large dog for sale; for Klondike. n."3
Folsom st.
FOR Sale— Second -hand lumber, F. and g.. $8;
flooring, $10; pine, $6; Bay District track
buildings.* v
ST. BERNARD and black French poodle pups,
Danes, fox terriers, foxhound bitches; clos-
ing out kennels. M Frederick st.
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
I bowl barber washstands, . cheap. HIT-
' SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels-
bargains. NICHOLS & CO . 4"4 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sices: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 por doz •
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hano
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap.- 102 Clay St. ■
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-band. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019- .
Mission ■( . above sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR SALE— Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st.
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting. laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. r,27 Mission st.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth at.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, \ exchanged, ' rented ;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. .-:'.-■
PERSONALS.
PRACTICAL California mining foreman desires
the acquaintance or correspondence with some
mining company; would gu to Alaska. Boi.
(fk. Call oirice.
ALL persons intending to give up positions to
KO to Klondike, leave address box Cis, Call
office; pay $25 for position.
WINDOWS t.. let for jubilee procession. 1028
Market St.
JoIIN THOMPBON HlLTON— lnformation re-
quested concerning above named person; re-
ported to have died In California In IS9O or
IMt. Adiiress JOHN T. STONE. 4.'1 lloiit-
pomery >-t.. S. F.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
curpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
$7.", ORDER; lady's tailor-made suit for $J5.
Box CM. Call office.
\RI>S. II :■". I". bill heads. $1 *<: V«>
■ n.ents. $1 M); 10»0 letter heads. $2 M; l-o-i
envelopes. $1 90: printed first class: orders of
$<5 sent free. BROWN & BLEY CO.. print-
ers and photo-engravers, 19 to 27 Stevenson.
DR. CONDORY'S
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price.
IUO capsules $10, 1000 capsules $>». Address
DR. V. CONDORT,
989 Howard at.
PROF. J. OREVEN will introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January 26. 189S Miss
M. De Chent. dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, meno soprano, ami MR. M. al-
bert, hiph lyric tenor.
ONLY the I* ■' artists employed here;
fine work fof 2.V ; good switches. $l; finest,
best quality, $3 j'j; extra heavy, long. $-=>:
open Bundays fr<.m 'j to 12 a. m. G. LEDE-
ri:r. in Stockton st.
itdoor stereoptlcon show every night cor-
n.-r Market find Sixth sts.; artistic BMMItISS
ments in hvinsr light; promotL-ra of hmrtnrss
Consult OWL AI>V. r<i . U4O Market St.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, v Third st., nr. Market; 200 rooms,
■ JI ;." per night; Fl M to J6 per week;
tree bos and baggage to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate, Swedish nurse;
baths: genuine massage Bwedlsh movement;
ladies, gt-ius. :<O6 Market st.. room 2", 2d floor.
NEW method; massage and electric treatments
f..r nervousness, general debility, eic; hours
lfi to c. MRS. JOHNSON, 514'; G-ary st.
ADVICE free: divcrce laws specialty; private;
p. 1 fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco nt Eastern prices. WALTER
N BRI'NT. 525 Clay St.. S. F.
FIRST-CLASS business cards, cheap. West
t Publishing Co.. 14 McAllister, room 20.
FRENCHcooklna lessons: MRS. M. ERIKSON
711 Leavenworth: Wd.. J-'; Rat.. 3-D; Tu., 8-10
SlIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LX.MOB. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
\"! \ I.Mir tonic; -x preparation unsur-
>; LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
$14- Suit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HAI'S & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
CI-OAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale flpures. 20 SunFome st.
BRANCH offl-p of The Call. IR7 Ninth St.—
Wnnt a^s and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS T>r. WELCH. 2-is Bnsti
DBunuKni
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses.
I.", up: dresses made over. * Edily »t.. rm.
< LAIKVOVASTS.
MRS DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: whilg e:i-
trance'l she will revtal every hidden mystery
in life, the will show you how to overcome
enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost asTsctlons; unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or bmi.d property; 1
treasures, minerals; t<iis your entire life,
pest, present and future, while In a p"rfei-t
trance. Hours M a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
'. ■ ■ • .<r with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms. B & 26. 12>>6 Market, opp. Cth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil anJ second sight:
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la . 50o;
gents $1; palm. & rlalrv. ; sit. $150. 126 Turk.
REMOVED lime Lenemar tells forum, * by
planets: prd'td "74" steamer on island. 23Vi
Sixth. riv>m 6.
MRS. SHAFFER. t»st and business medium;
sittings daily. UHi Sixth St.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
fession: never fails: ail vice: help. S» Post.
MME. VAN DE VERE returned: card reader
and magnetic healer. 1007 Market St.. room «.
MME. MOREAU. test medium, clairvoyant,
card reader: 23c up. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
MISS LOLA M STEVENS, card-reading and
magnetic treatment. 225 Mason, suite 1-2.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 128 Seventh St.. second floor.
RAY FAlR— Card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post st.. room 2.
MME. LINDEN, card reader and magnetlst.
has --turned; charms. 12C Fourth St., room 23.
Miss LITPE LAGUED. card reader and palm-
ift. 214 O'Farrell St.. rooms 2 and 3.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant an!
water reader. J2IV4 Mission St.. opp. Mint.
MMt: ZINELLA, the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12. M Grant aye. ■
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist: read-
ings 25c thin week; satisfaction gar'td. 23 «th
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture 2."x-: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MIPS I'BARL HARRISON: card-reader and
magnetic healer. 121 ; : - Geary, parlors 2 and 3.
MME. lIANSEN. palmist, card-writer; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, room S.
MME. SODAN. Scotch seeress. card-reader and
palmist. 619 Eddy. 9 to « P. M.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, mind reader and
palmist. 131 Taylor St.. room 3.
MIPS MIRANDA, mind render, electro mag-
netic treatments. 1122 Market St.. room 31.
MMX. WOODS, mind render, card reader, mag-
netic charms. 107 Post st., room 8-
MMF. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
«<lvlce: rumen irfvon: 25c up. 5 Fourth «t.
SI'IHaTL'ALISM.
MMF. YOUNC.'S test circle to-night, 10c. 605
McAllister st : convincing tests.
MRS MAYO STEERS. 112' i Oak: Circles
Tues s p.m . Thsirs. 2 p.m.: 25c; readjnjra $1.
A M. FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer; de-
\H..ptag circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halcht st.
MRS. HoSKINS. »pir.tual medium; circle
Tues.. S p. m.. 25c: readings, $1. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messases an.l advice. 81* Stockton st.
Tr AS.
TEAB.
20, 85, 30. BR. V>. SO per pounU.
COFFEES,
10, 15, 20. 26. 2T>, 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10. 15, 2", 25, 40 per can.
RUNNING mo STORKS ENAP.LES VS TO
PELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRFTTY DISHES.
GOI.P WATCHES.
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES,
AIR RIFI. S
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
CARPET CLKAMNG.
CITT Bteam Carpet-Cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, luys carpets. U. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
S*. and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatinic Works. 3E3-57 Tehama Bt. : tel. So. 40.
GREAT Ea?tern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth St., B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201.
CARPETS cleßned. renovated like new. J.
M'QUEEN. 4f.S Stevenson; tel. S. 225.
A I -VANCE Carpet-cleantn« Co., 420 Sutter;
tei. Main tH. OEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, 3c; laying, 3c; rug samples free:
tel Jessie 944. St rat ton. S Eighth.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new.
13 Tenth: tel. South S«. Mackintosh & Co.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.: cleaning Sc a yard: tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'B carpet -beat In X works. 333 Golden
Gate aye Telephone Kast 12fi
STORAUK.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartment* ■
advances made. J. NOON AN, 1017 to 103
Mission st., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household goods, pianos; ad-
made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS, SiQ Ulbsioa st. Tel. Mint 1821.
CITY »lEAL ESTATE.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER,
Roor "A," First Floor. Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100, $130 to |230— Level lots to build on. near
Mission st. electric cars: only S3 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS. ~
$350. . $100, $130 to |Sso— Graded lots and
streets: splendid view of park: $1.1 down and
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400, $4."0 to SSOO— Choicest building lots in
Richmond; perfect -bargains; buy now; easy
installments. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$1400— Corner 25x1?0r splendid 4-room cottage
and basement: on Fifteenth aye., near Clement
st. ; easy terms. *
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
CROCKER BUILDING.
BUY A LOT
. IN THE HEYMAN TRACT.
$5 A MONTH. $5 A MONTH.
As a special offering we will sell a few of the
choicest lots in the Heyman Tract for
$300 EACH. $300 EACH.
Lots are finely situated, commanding grand
view of the city.
They are level and I liartj W build on. Buy
now: tht y will soon be ■ I
Take Mission Pt. cars: transfer to 2?d st.
: :. ■ 11 ffman aye. Ask for Jas. A.
Cotter. He will show y >;i around.
JAO >B lIKYMAX.
11 Montgomery st.. Owner.
$50 DOWN, balance $13 3." monthly; new 4-room
and bath cottage and lot: close to cur lines;
5 already told. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
BARGAlN— Handsome 2-story, fi-r.)..m cottage;
very sunny; fine view; 1114 Green st.
HOOKBR a: LENT, J4 Post st.
STOP paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between- paying
rent and owning your own home is worthy of
a great struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry.
plenty of closet room, sink tiled, fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
Bide and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern Improvement!! up to date: must be seen to
be appreciated: $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cortland aye. and
Mission St.. to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
3:30 p. m. ; take Mlsslon-st. cars to Cortland ay.
COTTAGE 4 mm— basement: lot 30x49: on
i'hurch st.. one block from cars; $12"^.
GEORGE PATTERSON* & CO., ITB9 Market.
J6.".n WILL build 4-ronm cottage complete:
will call GEO M RALSHITRY. builder. 521
X St., Sunset District.
HOUSE, E rooms; barn, 2 mw« and chicken-
house. 747. Minnesota st.. near Twentieth.
4-I!M. eottaf* :ir,.l lot SKI™; 1 block from Mis-
sion cars: $16 monthly HAntX. 413 Keamv.
PROPERTY TO h\<l'\Ni. .
LEASEHOLD. IS years to run; brlnrinir In $45
rent; value $2500; for hack, horses, furniture,
yacht or euuity In small rancli. J. F.
PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia st.
GOOD-REXTIXG Oakland property to X -
change for ranches. i EDSOX & TURTOX.
1209 Broadway. Oakland. --; .
MEDICAL.
ALL monthly Irrc-frillariUes r, r other conditions
from whatever caufe restored at once: (<afi'
and pure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: Instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity: home In confinement:
best enre and privacy: for *unrantee<l relief
consult thi' doctor before Kolrtg elsewhere;
resrulating pills and capsules. $1. MRS. DR.
WYKTH. Ml Post St.. near Uirkln.
ALL of Dr Foulefs are guaranteed
at • rvjute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no <langer or after ef-
fect*: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $] r>o per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
fpeciai illtea«.s free. WALLER PROS.. 33
Grant aye.. S F. A caution— Before pur-
"i; elsewhere, write us.
A PBOCKBB that Merer fails to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
hav<? btlleii; no instruments used: many
years" experience: every ense guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable: first-class prl-
< kts h'»me for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALKY. lin Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
SI RE ciir°. wh?n others fall: no medicine or
Instruments ; erefjr woman her own physl-
c-lan tot all female troubles, no matter from
vhat •■■! 1.-. r"Fti re in 1 rtny: never fails: cin-
i"iltatton free; can l>e sent and used at hnme.
T>H roppiß. ais Kearny Orders by tele.
A 1-fiON to wlv-»s and mothers— Se^jro: prl<:«
»1 SO. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seiruro Manu-
facturing Co.. Ml X Ft.. Sacramento. Cal.
LAPIES. Chlchester'p Knjrllsh Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Prand> best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c. stamps, for particulars.
••Relief for Ladles." letter by return mall; at
druifKlst<>. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phila.
DRS.GOOPWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick cure miaranteed: sny ailment;
maternity home: best can»; skill only; low
fees; Dr. Bchuek's Belf-cure, $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
f Ma*> 1 tr'Kr'e?; no danger: safe, cur- J2 00;
exprfsr. C, O. D.; don't delay until too lute.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Aden's. Oakland. Cbl.
LAPIF.S— Why suffer? Qet releas-d from
trmble: irregularities restored without fail;
low fees: specific female pQIm, $1 50. DR.
CMITH. 1508 Market st. : 1 to 4. 7 to Bp. m
LADIES— Mrs. Ijr. TuetT.; Infallible safe reme-
dies; 3S years experience. 2i4' s Fourth st.
HOMTC In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. I>'V PUN KB, 141R Sth St.. Alamr.ia.
I>RP. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
xkin or prl\-ate diseased. 8 Mason st.. S. P.
STKHILIIY cuted by Mrs. Dr. Sattler, gradu-
ate midwife. |7M I'owell St.; t -I. red MO.
61" LARKIN ST.— Hranch offlc- of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
LOST.
A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Ix>an Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ISAHKLLA F. MORAN; No. i;S,33S.
The finder will please return v> hank.
I.' iST A passbook with the Htbernta Savin**
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JAMES C. CARY. No. 211.000. The
finder will please return to b.mk.
GOi,p watch, with pin attached: suitable re-
ward. Address box 6SS, Call office.
LOST— A pasp-1.0..k with the Hibernia P.nvinifs
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ANN'IK C. WHJLOCK; Ifo. 216-1306.
The fln.ler will please return to bank.
LOST— Chamois batj, containing revulv!n(f
locket, breastpin. 3 rlncs, 2 pair pairings <1
black topaz, other rhinestone). i Mexican
dollar, gold kpy and steel thimhl^; all me-
mentos. Finder leave at this office and re-
ceive $10 reward.
BRING old cold and silver to me and icet cash
for It. T'N-^I.K HARRIS. 1' Grant aye.
DENTISTS.
FtTLli set of teeth. *." ; painless extraction; "see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years: teeth without plates: cro-wn
and bridge work our specialty: teeth im-
planted or transplanted: fillinsrs GOc, crowns
J3 KO: all work painless and warranted.
Chlcapo Pental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry: no shock: painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $.r.. r . up; sliver
fillings. I.ic uiv gold crowns. $3 30 up: your
teeth put in without a plate: open evenings.
9i*7 Market St.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie IK.
DR. LT-PI.I'M TTILL. 144S Market, nr. !lth: no
<harge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new: teeth from $S
per set; extracting BOc; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of pAinless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
v.-ith"Ut plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
NEW York dentists— Plates $5 up; silver fill-
ings. 2.k- up: gold fillings. To np: plates
mended, V '.ip: painless extraction. ,"0c: all
work warranted. 569 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
$5— FILL set of teeth; best make: kept in
repair: extracting free: fillings. 5<V: crowns,
$3 SO. Pacific Dental Parlors. 1* Third *t.
L. A. TKAUrK, A. CANE sn<i F. TEAOUK.
removed to Call bldg.. Sth floor, rms. CO3-SO7.
W. C HARPING. M. D.. 500 Sutter Bt.. cor.
Powell: t^l. Main r>?.~; painless extraction.
ALL work rensonable nnd warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. ISM Mi.rket st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1S« Polk nt.
COT.TON P-ntn> A«-?r^'!»tlr.n. SOS Market st
PR. CHARLES W. PECKER. "
t27 MONTGOMERY, mr clay-Open until 9:30
o'rlock: branch office Of The Call. Fubsscrlp-
ti..p« «nd want «ds tnken.
ATTORXKVS AT LAV.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
n.i fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, IH Market, cor. Stocktn.
AT 'VICE free— Private law matters: moderate
f.>es. ATTORNEY McCAPE, 103 Larkln ?t.
ADVICE free: ro charge unless successful.
W. W. PAVTPPON, '■•2' Market St.
TVI'EWRITEPs.
RKIUN'OTON No. S: fine ord«r; %2:<: sample
•ent. SCOTT & BAMKAir. 333 Montgomerj-.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
H.SM ACREsTT""" " ri r' f"~^*~~~~
25.000 ACRES! ! .
A Magnificent Cattle Range.
' A Magnificent Cattle Range.
Flanking Capay Valley, the well-known early
fruit center In Yolo County. We offer for sale
five separate adjoining cattle or sheep ranches,
aggregating 2H.550 acres of. land. To be sold as
a whole or singly at from 12 25 to $4 per acre.
These ranches possess all the necessary re-
quisites for a grand cattle or sheep range, hav-
ing well-watered, - open and timbered lands,
growing In abundance the natural grasses.
Not having been pastured for a year or two
they are in fine condition. They were taken
In for the mortgage by the Bank of Wood-
land, and are offered at less than the foreclos-
ure price.
This bank also controls some of the test
Fruit and Grain lands in Capay Valley and
In other desirable locations In the State, which
we are offering at very low paces.
FROM S2 00 to $40 00- PER ACRE.
, Call or send and -get a catalogue of these
lands with pricelist.
MCAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco, Cal.
In Subdivisions! ! ~ ~~ In Subdivisions! !
At Assessed Value! : At Assessed Value! !
A grand opportunity. We offer for salt- 5000
acres < f the estate of Sarah Blake (deceased)
in subdivisions at exactly the County Asses-
sor's valuation. There Is no better land in the
State for . •
GRAIN. FRUIT. VEGETABLES AND AL-
FALFA.
It lies m the Merced River on the line of
the proposed Merced and Yosemite Valley Rail-
road, and has unsurpassed possibilities for sup-
plying the great mountain and Tostmlts Val-
ley trade with fruit, vegetables and dairy pro-
duce.
In plats of 33 acres and upward, at prices of
from $3 to |2u per acre.
Write now for particulars to
MA FEE TSROS..
1"S Montgomery st., San Francisco. Cal.
LITTLE homes close to town; improved; easy
terms; nlso 4 to 12 acre pieces on 1 and in
years 1 credit. D. 11. TWINO. Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
10-ACRE fruit ranch in full bearing: near
Santa Rosa; 4-room house, barn: will ex-
change for city property. Address box 598.
Call.
HOUSE of 9 rooms; modern; van! IH by 2W
feet: greenhouse plants, good water, stable
and chicken yard: also goldfish pond; big bar-
gain Call at this office.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly Improved, payable on very essy terms.
apply to room 703. Claus Rpreckels buildln*.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
ORTFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
FtaUs or Canada one year for $1 JO. postage
free.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOAN wanted by a responsible party. $830. at
• 8 per cent on 2 modern cottages, with bath;
6 foot basement, brick foundation, etc. Prin-
c ipals only address "T.," box 2, Call office,
• Oakland. .' "■ .
MODERN residence, 9 rooms, bath,' cemented
. basement, etc. ;• near Grove «t.: lot 50x160:
plumbing nickel plated: electric .wiring:
" street work complete: price 1 $3500: terms to
■ suit. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED,
Manager. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
aTameda advertisements!
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
JUST like paying rent. .
IX3o— Colonial cottage,' 4 rooms and bath.
$1800 — Handsome cottage near station. •• ;
.s32so House of 6 rooms; all modern conveni-
ences.
■ J2»sO— Colonial cottage. « rooms; fine gTOimds.
MARCUSE & RGHHEL. Bay st. station
fbroad gauge), Alameda: 628 Market St.. San
Francisco. Open Sundays and holidayp. |
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate: 2d
& 3d mortgages, estates, undivided interests,
real estate in probate, life 1 insurance, goods in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alnme'ia. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no <J*laye. J.
NOON AN, HH7 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Ftore. 948 Market ft. ; tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and 6'i per cet :
also on second mortgages; life Insurance and
real estate in probate: any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal; no
commission: lowest interest: part payments
reco'ved: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St.. room 6S.
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds: low interest:'
perfect secrecy: private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GO to a regular licensed pnwnbroker at 1
Fourth Ft., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established 1569.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary st.
ON furniture, pianos: no commission: low
rates: private. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City
Hall Suuare.
ANY sum, lift or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
hnt*. etc. Room 7. 50S California st.
$50 TO $.'0,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Mkt st.
On pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rat°r: no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
$100.noQ ON life insurance policies: low Inter-
est. JOS. B. TOPLITZ. S.lO Pine st.
10 SIXTH- Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry.
A WEFK'S news for S cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
CHEAPFST and b«»st in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to nny address In the United
Stntes or Canada one ■ year for $1 60, postage
free.
FINANCIAL^
J. BOAS, 330 - Montgomery st.— Loans on life
Insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates.. M"AFFE BROS . 10* Mfmtrnmprv st.
HORSES.
JUST arrived— carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 145. Valencia st. .j.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage; 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. 1802 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth, st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD of horses suitable for any business.
Old Turk street Car Stable, 1301 Turk st.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The call; |
want ads and subscriptions taken. -.:■■" ■-."■ ■ > i
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
i
SECOND-HAND • grocery, bakery delivery j
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug- I
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia Bts. ■ ■ . ■ •
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlng delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy ; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st. .
. ... PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market: diseases of woman a specialty.
MARRIAGE - LICENSES.
Harmon Everhard and Clara Well. 33—25.
Marshal Hale and Mac B. Miller. 31— 23.
John H. Bechler and- Grace B. Scully. 22—18.
J. M. Fannies and Kate R. Hoover, 23—23. .
Joseph .Tones and Mary Rosenstein. 32 — 22.
W. H. Horton and Martha Baldwin. 26—24.
H. A. Redflelii and Jessie M. McKee, 42—30.
J. P. Scully and Sue H. Grunnagle, 38—23.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent bj
mall will not be inserted.. They mast b»
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished. : _£_
, . BORN. - -
GROTHEER— In Salinas. January 9. 1898, to
the wife of Charles C. Grotheer, a son.
MARRIED. '' ■■: ~~
LTJBLINER— In this city, January 18
IS9B, by the Rev. H. Samuelnon, Charles W.
Luhiner and ■ Bertha • Stain, both ■ of San
Francisco.
NASH— KLOTZ— In Ocean View, - January 11.
1898, by the * Rev. . R. W. Reynolds. Herbert
A. Nash aad Angel Klatz, both of San
Francisco, ■ •r • ■ ■ ■ ■ - ]
DIED.
Adams, Christopher Leichsenrlng. Fretda
Aitken. James Leichsenring, M a-
Anderson, Margaret thilda
Bendit. Leah . McCreagh, Thomaa
Bolte, Luttrick MeNerney, Mary
Brown, Clara W. Martin, John S.
Clark. Mildred A. Mayer, Harriet
Cunningham, Mary Menu:. Maria
Druhan. Thomas Morris. Lillian E.
Purrand, Louis Page, Mary
H.v kman, Margaret' a Splars. Frank W.
Hoey, Thomas Spoerhase, Roman
Johnson, Nellie B. Sheehan. Henry P.
Katsuta, Katsuzo Wright, Catherine
ADAMS— In this city. January 18. IS9S, Chris-
topht-r Adams, beloved father of Lizzie. Fred
and Albert Adams, a native of Neider Wis-
■el. Hessen Darmstadt, Germany, aged 49
year 3 4 months and 1 day.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursdays at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington
streot. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
AITKEN— In this city, January 17. 1898, James
Aitken. beloved father of Andrew N.. James
C. and Jean P. Aitken and Mrs. A. B.
Brandt, a native of Kilmarnock, Scotland,
aged 74 years and 4 months.
!T-/"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner of Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge
No. SO, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of Craig
.•; Oochran Company.
VETERAN VOLUNTEER FIREMEN'S AS-
poclation— Officers ami members are requested
to aFsemble at heartuarters, Pioneer build-
ini?. this day (Thursday*, at 1 o'clock p. 18.
sharp, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, James Altken Sr.
STEPHEN Bt'NNER, Pres.
JAMES PBNNYCOOK, Ueoordinw Secy.
ANDERSON— In this city, January IS, ISHS,
Margaret. clear!\ betowd wif,- of C. H. An-
derson, and mother of Harry. Conrad. Willie,
P-'ter. Sophie and Edward Anderson, a na-
tive of Bremen, Germany, aged 45 years 6
monihs and IS days.
IC Notice of funeral hereafter.
BENDIT— In this city. January IS. tSX, Leah,
relict of the late Samuel Bendit, and dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. Herman Colin and
Mrs. Max Bornstein of Seattle, a native of
New Orleans, La., aged 59 years and 3
monihs.
p7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of ii. Cohn. NBtt Qeary street Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
BOLTE— In this city. January 19, 1593. Luttrick
Bolt->. a native of Germany, aged 46 years.
BROWN— In Oakland. January 19, ISM, Clara
Worden. beloved wife of Harry Winchester
Brown and only child of Isaac F. and Frank
Bellington, a native of New York, aged 28
years. [Buffalo V..) papers please copy]
E7Nottea Of funeral herea I . tor.
CLARK— In this city. January 17. 189 S. at her
residence, 2218 Webster street. Mildred
Amldon. beloved da-.ighter of Franklin J. and
Mary Cheney Clark, a native of Boston.
Mass.
(C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, January 1»,
IMB, at her residence, MS Gough street,
Mary, beloved wife of John Cunningham, a
native of Ireland.
ETNottee uf. funeral hereafter.
DRI'HAN— In this city, January 19. 189S,
Thomas, beloved husband of Ellen Druhan.
father of Nellie. Alice. AnnK Lottie, Josie,
Robert, Thomae. Hattie. Harold and Hazel
Druhan. son-in-IRW of Mrs. Ellen Gallagher,
brother-'n-law of James E.. -Michael. Hum-
j.hrey, Fred and Gforge Gallagher, a native
of St. Johns. N. F.. aged 52 years and 4
months. (Boston papers please copy.)
C^Frlrndi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 405 Gough street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fell and Fillmore
streets, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at !):30 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
DURRAND— In this city. January 19. IS9R.
Louis Durrand, a native of France, aged 65
years.
HF.CKMAN— In this city. January 19, IR9S.
Margaretha. P., beloved wife of the late
Thomas HV- Heckman. and mother of Rich-
ard J. and Helene Heckman, a native of
Germany, aped G7 year? and 1T days. A mem-
ber of Walhalla Rebekah Lo.l<?e No. ISO. and
Vnabhainger Deutadter Frauen Unterslutz-
untrs Verein.
(E^Fnends and ncquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
January 22. Nt 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Market and Seventh streets. In-
tfrment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOEY— In this city, January IS, IS9B. Thomas,
beloved son of the lat" Thomas and Liza
Hoey. and brother of Lawrence, John A..
Joseph, Kate and Jennie How and Mrs. J.
McCarthy, a native of San Francisco, aged
30 years and 29 days.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at »:M o'clock, from the residence
of hi:* sister. Mrs. J. McCarthy. 711 r.rannan
stret-t, thence to St. Rose' I Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary (Vmetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. January 19. IS9B. Nel-
lie 8.. beloved daughter of William and An-
nie Johnsr-n. and sister of Wnlter, Herhert,
Lillie. Arthur, Albert and Orville Johnson, a
native of San Francisco, aged 17 years 4
months and 13 Jays.
ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 114 Alta street, "ff Montgomery
street, between Filbert and Union, thence to
the Fourth Congresattenal <"hur<-h. Green
streM. DMT BtOCkton, wh*r? services will be
held. Interment I. O. O. F. rvmetery.
KATSUTA— In the City and County Hospital,
January 19, IS9S. Katmn Katsuta. a native
of Japan, aged 56 years.
LEICHSENRING— In this city. January 19.
IS9B, Freida Lelchsenrlnp. dearly beloved
daughter of Loui nnd Mathilda Leichsc-nring;
and sister of Mathlidn, Loui Jr., William
and Lizzie L°ichsenrlng, a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 years.
LETCHSEVRING—In this cltv. .T*iraa<"? W,
1898, at 250 Richland avenue, Mathilda Lelch-
senrine, dearly beloved dauKhter of Loui and
Mathilda Lcichsenrlnij. and pister of Loui
Jr., William. Lizzie and Elflna Lolchsen-
ring. a native of San Francisco, aged 9
years.
McCREAGH— An anniversary solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated to-morrnw (Fridny).
at St. Ruse's Church, for the soul of the lata
Thomas McCreagh. commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
MrNKHNKY- In this city. January lg, 18*8,
Mary, beloved daughter of Anthony and Mary
McNerney, a native of San Francisco, aged
10 days.
MARTIN— In Dougherty Station, Alameda
County, Cal., January 13, IS9S, John S.
Martin, beloved husband of Mary E. and
father of Minnie Martin, a native of Canada,
aged 56 years.
MAYER-In Napa. January IS. IS9B, Harriet,
wife of the late Philip Mayer, and mother of
Sophie, Lena. Fred and Will Mayer, aged 4S
yaari and 5 months.
C 7" Friend* and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 046 Mission street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MENTZ— In this city, January IS, IS9S, Maria,
mother of Charles H. Mentz, a native of
Germany, aged 70 years.
VZJ" The funeral services will be held
this day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the
residence, lfiOO Washington street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
MORRIS— In thia city, January 19. IS9S. Lil-
lian E., beloved daughter of John and Mary
Morrie, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
days.
ItT'The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 320 Plxley avenue. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PAGE— In this city. January IS. 189 S. Mary,
beloved wife of Philip P. Page, mother of
Philip, Veronica and Bva Page, and beloved
sister of Eva Disch, a native of San Fran-
ciso. aged £6 years. (Canada and Eastern
papers please copy.)
ItyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 40* Central avenue, between Hayes and
Fell streets, thence to St. Agnes Church for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SPIARS— In Frultvnle, Alameda County. Jan-
uary 19. IS9B, Frank W., beloved husband of
Anna M. Spiers, a native of England, aged
67 years and 19 days.
SPOERHASE— In this city, January IS, IS9S.
Roman Spoerhase, beloved husband of Mary
Spoerhase. a native of St. Petersburg, Rus-
sia, aged 59 years and 6 days.
SHEEHAN— In Browns Valley. Yuba County,
January 16 ; IS9B, Henry P. Sheehan, beloved
son of the late Mary Amrheln. brother of
Lawrence B. Sheehan and the late David W.
Sheehan and Charles L. Amrheln. a native
of Forest City, Yuba County, Cal., uged 34
years and 2 months.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of C. Amrheln, 312 Seventh street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where ser-
vices will be held for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WRIGHT— In this city. January is. IS9B, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late William
Wright, mother of Charles E. Mahan, and
sister of Captain John Mahan, a native of
Sidney, Cape Breton, aged 62 years 10 months
and 2 days.
lE7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Francis
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission
street.
T^^^lcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
20 FIFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln School. .J
Telephone. South SO. - "I
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican Remedy; gives health : and
strength to the sexual organs.
■ : .*■■■-. " - ■ ■ .■ ■ '
1314
HYMEN'S
PERCH IS
VACANT
Dame Rumor Has An
other Delectable
• Morsel.
Jacob Samuels Goes to
Seattle and Leaves
His Bride.
A Story Circulated That They
No Longer Love Each
Other.
NOBODY WANTS TO TALK.
Pemzliar Aftermath of a Runaway
Match— A Story of Parental
Whether It be In accordance with the
old adage that the course of true love
never does run smooth, or whether It
be thnt matrimony in this degenerate
age is at best but a sort of lottery
game, the fact remains that the hy
meneal deity would seem to have flown
from his perch on the gable of the
house that formerly sheltered young
Jacob Samuels and his bride of hardly
more than a month. Miss Elizabeth Mc-
Donald, the daughter of the Oakland
capitalist, whose residence Is at 1353
Tenth avenue. Oakland.
It will be remembered that on No
vember 23 last the young couple gave
old Mother Grundy a most delectable
morsel to divide with the gossipers by
slipping quietly away on the train to
San Jose in the afternoon and being
married there In the evening by Justice
of the Peace Wallace. As Miss McDon
ald had been one of the leading belles
of Oakland and Samuels was well
known here on account of his connec
tion with Pamu-Ms' Lace House, the af
fair created a 'leal of talk, augmented,
perhaps, by the fact that the young
people were of different religious faiths
and that they had resorted to a run
away match.
In a short time, however, the wed
ding was forgotten so far as the sensa
tional feature was concerned. Now it
comes before the public In another
form, and Dame Rumor Is again wag
ging her tongue.
It was only a few days ago that a
story was circulated In town to the ef
fect that Samuels was at this time in
Seattle, his bride remaining at her
home in Oakland.
Naturally, this looked like a case of
desertion, and from the mysterious
manner In which the relatives of the
Interested parties endeavor to dodge all
queries in regard to the fact that the
twain are separated this belief will be
augmented.
Attorney Morris V. Samuels, brother
of Jacob Samuels, refused yesterday to
answer any questions put to him anent
the matter.
"There is nothing In the ca.se that
•would Interest the public," he said, and
that was an 'end of it so far as the
lawyer was concerned.
When Inquiry was made at the home
of the McDonalds in Oakland, the Chi
nese servant at first state 1 that Mrs.
Samuels was not at home, but finally
consented to let her mother be seen.
Mrs. McDonald volunteered nothing at
all. That Seattle was at present the
abode of young Samuels, she was will
lng to admit, and that was all. She
would not even say whether or not her
daughter was at home.
"There Js nothing at all In the Ftory
that concerns the public in any way,"
she curtly asserted.
SHE IS NOW f? WIFE.
Grace SKelly Taker) From the City '
Prison to Be Married.
Grace Bkelly, a pretty girl 18 years of ;
agre, was arrested yesterday morning at J
118 Grant avenue by Policeman T. J.
Coleman and taken to the City Prison,
where she was booked for a public in
stitution.
The girl was in trouble and learning
from her who had been keeping company
with her Tollman went to the young man
and he agreed to marry her rather than
see her pout to the Magdalen Asylum.
His name is John Bechler, the driver of
a poda water wagon, and he lives on
Lexington avenue. Bechler accompanied
Coleman to Cupid Danforth's office and
procured the necessary license. Then
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan was seen
and readily consented to perform the
ceremony.
Grace was escorted from the prison by
Coleman and her lover and in a few
minutes the Justice had tied the knot
and Grnce was saved from being sent to
the Magdalen.
Failure to Provide.
Jerome Schroeder, 548 Folsom street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of his
brother-in-law, Dennis Kelleher, on a
charge of failing to provide for his child.
Kelleher deserted his young wife about
eighteen months ago to live with another
woman and the child was born after tho
desertion. The wife has had to support
herself and child and now wants the
father to help a little. Kelleher was ar
rested yesterday afternoon.
NEW TO-DAY.
HUMORS
Itching, Irritated, scaly, crusted Scalps, ciry, thin,
»nd failing Hair, cleansed, purified, and beauti-
fied by warm shampoos with CTtictcka Soap,
and occasional dressings of Cuticoka, purest of
emollients, the greatest skin cures.
cuticura
Treatment will produce a clean, healthy scalp
with luxnrlant, lnstrons hair, when all else falls.
Sold throa;hont th* world. Potto Dbuo *m> Chim.
dm- .. Sole !•-.,;,« . Bntton.
Cy* " How to produce Luxuriant Hilt," luiled free.
SKINS ON FIRE
WOLLWEBBER
WAS TOLD
TO RESIGN
Why the Ex-Sergeant
Quit the Police
Department.
He Neglected His Family
for a Waitress in
a Dive.
Confronted by His Guilt He Is
Allowed to Surrender
His Star.
DID NOT WANT PUBLICITY.
The "Woman in the Case Is Well
Known to the Police
Officers.
Ex-Sergeant of Police Ous Wollweb
ber did not resign his position on ac
count of 111 health, as was stated, but
was forced to do so by the Police Com
missioners. This fact was developed at
the meeting of the Commissioners last
night.
For a number of years Wollwebber
did duty as patrolman and made a
brilliant record. On account of his
strict attention to business the Com
missioners realizing his worth made
him sergeant. It would seem that his
promotion has resulted in hi? downfall.
Shortly after he was made sergeant
he was detailed to the California-street
Station. His district took in the Bar
bary Coast and North Beach. While in
search of his men in the former sec
tion he met a woman who, it is said,
captivated him completely. Notwith
standing that he has a wife and sev
eral children he fell a victim to her
charms. Her name is Rosie St. Clair.
She works as a waitress in the Coli
seum saloon at Jackson and Kearny
streets. From what has been learned
Wollwebber, instead of attending to his
duties, nightly met the woman, fre
quently failing to meet the officers who
were under him. His conduct became
so notorious that his wife learned of it.
It is said that she at once communi
cated with Chief Lees and asked that
her husband be disciplined. Chief Lees
had her write a letter to him detailing
the facts of the husband's liaison with
the waitress. A few days later he re
ceived the letter and after reading it he
at once sent it to Commissioner Tobln,
the president of the board. As Mr.
Tobin had been the cause of promoting
Wollwehber he became angry and or
dered Chief Lees to make a thorough
Investigation.
The latter detailed a detective to
watch Wollwebber, and what he saw
thoroughly convinced him that the ex-
Sergeant was not attending to his du
ties. He made a written report of his
investigations to the Chief of Police,
which was sent to the Commissioners.
After reading It they became
convinced of "Wollwebber's lnat
tfntkm to police duty and or
dered the chiff to prefer charges
against him. Rather than have him
suffer the humiliation of being publicly
disgraced, the head of the department
summoned him before him. The report
of the detective was then read to Woll
webber and he admitted his guilt.
"Don't bring me before the Commis
sioners," he is said to have remarked.
"Rather than face them I will resign."
Chief Lees told him that was the best
course to pursue, and he Immediately
called in Captain Healy, his chief clerk.
Wollwebber then wrote out his resigna
tion, which he handed to* Chief Lees,
with the remark, "You have always
been my friend." Healy took the resig
nation and subsequently informed the
Commissioners of Wollwebber's action.
The Commissioners met the follow
ing night, and after the resignation
was read it was promptly accepted.
It is said that since Wollwebber re
signed, the woman who is responsible
for his downfall has refused to recog
nize him.
When seen by a reporter last night
Captain Wittman refused to discuss
Wollwebber's resignation. "I know
nothing about it," he said, "you will
have to see the Commissioners."
Shortly before he resigned Wollweb
ber was transferred to the O'Farrel'.
street station, as his superior officers
had an inkling of his affection for the
waitress. Notwithstanding his sup
posed banishment, it is claimed he
managed to meet the womdn, which
fact became known to his wife. It was
then she concluded to inform the Com
missioners of her husband's doings.
POLITICAL FfIKES.
Dr. Willey Shows Soroc Figures
at the TurK-Street
Temple.
Dr. "W. M. Willev's lecture on"Politio.il
Fakes and Fakers" was the attraction
which drew a largo audience to the Turk-
Ktrof-t Temple last night. The speaker
illustrated his lecture with two charts—
the one showing what parties had held
sway and the platforms on which the
various Presidents were fleeted since ISOO,
and the other showing; the wealth of the
country at various stages during the last
half-century; what percentage of it has
!■■ i d held by the capitalists and what
percentage was paid to labor.
According to Dr. Willey's charts. In 1850
of the wealth distributed in this coun
try capital received S7& per cent and
labor fi2V> per cent. During the
succeeding years the wealth gradually
increases, capital's share also increasing,
while labor's percentage gradually goes
down, until in 1890 the capitalists got
S3 per cent of it and the laborers but 17.
The object of the lecture was to prove
that the various platforms of free silver,
protection, free trade, etc.. which have
from time to time been made political
issues have been but tricks of the politi
cians to keep the minds of the people
away from the real question of the day.
as during the past fifty years all these
remedies for the social condition have
been tried at some time, and the condi
tion of the laboring man has gradually
be«n growing worse and worse. He at
tributes a great deal of this to the rapid
strides made in the way of labor-saving
machinery, and suggests the doctrine <.'r
the Socialist Labor party a.s th" true
solution of the problem of tha working
man.
Stop that cough with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c. 417 Sanaome at. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, THURSDAY, JANUARY 20, 1898.
WILL FIGHT
BRODERICK
IN COURT
School Teachers Will
Test the Annuity
Fund Law.
Object to the Auditor's
Construction of the
Statute.
Mandamus Proceedings to Be
Instituted Within the Next
Few Days.
DEPARTMENT AGAINST HIM
Vice- Principal McCarthy of the
Washington Grammar School
Says Bitter Things.
If Auditor Broderlck again seeks pub
lic office he will find the teachers in
the public schools united to give him
battle. At the last election, Broderick
had the teachers Interested in his cam
paign, and they fought hard and ear
nestly for him. His refusal to sign the
demands against the treasury in favor
of A. C. Widber, treasurer »f the
school teachers' annuity fund, has
raised a storm, however, that will
break in all its force in the event of
him again going before the people for
support at the polls. The teachers be
lieve that Auditor Broderick has acted
without warrant of law in refusing to
sign the annuity demands, and it is
their intention to commence proceed
ings to compel him to perform what
they consider to be his duty.
"We intend giving Auditor Broderick
an opportunity to defend the position
he has taken,"' said T. H. McCarthy,
vice principal of the Washington
Grammar School, yesterday afternoon,
"and we feel certain that before we are
finished he will conclude that as an in
terpreter of the law he is a failure.
The teachers," added McCarthy, "do
not intend quietly submitting to Au
ditor Broderick's interpretation of the
law governing the annuity fund. I was
one of the framers of the law under
which the annuity fund was create 1.
and 1 feel certain that when we bring
mandamus proceedings against the Au
ditor to compel him to d<> his duty we
will be able to prove conclusively that
Auditor Broderick is not a Supreme
<'<>urt in Olsgttlse. If the law is un
constitutional we will bow to the de
cision of the courts, but we do nut rec
ognize the Auditor as an authority on
the interpretation of the law. How was
the annuity fund created? In a very
pimple way.
"The teachers in the public schools
realized that some of their number had
outlived their usefulness. They had
given the better portion of their life to
the education of the young and we did
not want to see them thrown out of the
department after all their years of ser
vice. Now It is a rule of the depart
ment that teachers be 'docked' for the
time they are absent from school. The
substitute who fills the place of a reg
ular teacher receives only on^-half of
the salary paid the other. We accord
ingly thought that in equity one-half
of th" amount deducted from the sal
ary of the teacher might in all fairness
be placed to the credit of a fund to
pension off other teachers who had
broken down in the service."
The School Department is the only
branch of the municipal government
DROPPED SEVENTY FEET.
Hugh Lund Fell or Jumped From the Roof of
His House.
that does not allow salary to absent
employes. If a deputy is prevented by
sickness or, other 'causes from attend
ing to his duties In the office of the
County Clerk. Sheriff or Collector, there
is no deduction made from his salary.
Now -we teachers are not allowed for
the days we are absent and our sub
stitues only receive one-half of our
pay. We believed that no obiection j
could be possibly raised to the creation i
of an annuity fund by diverting: one- '
half of what the municipality pained !
by the absence of repular teachers, to !
a fund to assist those who by lonp !
years of service had worn themselves :
out. The city Is saininp by the law.
TVachers who are unable to fulfill the ■
duties expected of them have taken ad- !
vantape of the law and retired, mak- j
lnp room for younger and possibly ;
brighter educators. It remained for |
Auditor Proderick. however, to dis
cover that the law was unconstltu- ■
tional.
"Before the flcht is over I predict '■
that he will find that the law is con
itltuttonal and that he is unpopular in
the department. Ppeaking for my
self, I can say that I am sorry that
Broderick gained assistance to office by
my vote or support. lamof an ap
posite political faith from the Auditor. ,
but voted for him at the last election.
bettering that he would not prove a j
stumbling block in the way of the
School TSppartment. You can now
qm>te me as saying that the Interest I
took in his election will be turned the
next time he runs for office to secure
his defeat. You can also state through
th.? medium of The Call that the teach
ers arp sorry to see that the Auditnr
i^ Tcting also as Judge. The State
made the laws under which the an
nuity fund was created, and tip to the
present time I believed the State was
sovereign. It appears now that one
William Broderick. Auditor of the city !
and county of San Francisco, by grace
of th<> people, is superior to the State i
—at least he thinks he is. It is no '
part of tho duties of the Auditor to
construe laws. He seems, however, to
think his Judgment better than that |
of the Board of Kducatlon and the Su- !
perintendent of Schools. The demands
he has refused to audit hav^ been
signed by the School Directors and the ■
School Superintendent, and I think that
th<'.v are as responsible to the people as
the Auditor. Mr. Broderick has set
himself up as a Judicial as well as an
executive officer. "U'hen the manda
mus proceedings we Intend bringing
against the A-iditor are heard in court
I feel satisfied that the decision will
be that he had better leave the Judi
cial part of the municipality's govern- :
ment alone."
MORE MONEY NEEDED.
The Cold Snap Increases Expenses ,
at the City and County
f-jospital.
Superintendent Physician Dr. Sussdorff
of the City and County Hospital present
ed a report at the meeting of the Board of
Health yesterday showing that, with the
present crowded condition of the hospital
and- the insufficient appropriation, the
extra expense during the winter months
was proving a heavy drain on the re
sources of the management. The superin
tendent urged 'hat an extra appropriation
of $1000 a month for the remaining months
of the fiscal year be secured if possible.
The report was adopted.
A report was received from W. 11.
Tobin, Inspector of Cigar Factories, can
ing attention to the factory at 1019
Kearny street, where the proprietor, Mrs.
Morel was found to be suffering- from
cancer and her daughter from tubercu
losis. They were both engaged in the
manufacture of the output of the factory.
Th.- Health Officer was instructed to In
spect the premises, and if found to be
in an unsanitary condition to close them.
The following food inspectors were ap
pointed at salaries of $75 a month: D.
Hrennan. J. McGlvey. L. Lehaney. R. D.
Porter. John Fogartv. H. O'Donnell. I)
Flanagan. William McKean. P. A. Cado
gan and T. F. McEntree. They will take
office on February 1. and will at once
commence an inspection of the milk sup
ply of the city.
Geographical Society of the Pacific
At the annual election held Tuesday in
the rooms of this society. In the Merchants'
Exchange Building. California street, the
following members wore elected to serve
during the current year: Directors—Pro
fessor George Davidson. Charles L. Tay
lor. John Dolbeer, Kcigar J. Bowen. Louis
L. Nelson. H. Durbrow and John Part
m- el'"? 1 " ■"""-Ralph C. Harrison.
Mark Sheldon. William Hood. Charles
ooodall. James Q. HouKhton. Gustave
Niebaum, Senator George c. Perkins
L>nch. Adolph Sutro and F. S. - Jeremiah
Ljnch. Adolph Sutro and F. S. Cook.
H:'OH LUND, proprietor of the Pearl
lodging-house. Ninth and Mission
streets, fell or Jumped from the
roof of the building, which is four
stories hlg^i, yesterday morning
and sustained injuries that resulted in
his death about an hour later. The dis
tance from the roof to the yard In the
rear where he fell is estimated at between
sixty-five and seventy feet.
About throe months . ago Lund, while
returning home from the Grand Opera
House, fell from an electric car and was
badly injured about the , shoulders and
head. Since then he had been ill and de
spondent and had to be watched. Short
ly before . 9 o'clock . yesterday morning
his wife noticed that he had left his bed
• room and she told the Japanese servant
to see if he was taking his usual walk
around the corridors. The Japanese
could not find him. and on going to the
top fiat he saw the small door leading to
the roof open. He ran downstairs to the
rear and saw Lund huddled up on the
ground.
He immediately notified Mrs. Lund,
and the dying man was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital. Dr. Thompson found
that his ribs on both sides were frac
tured. There were several wounds in
his scalp and his skull was fractured.
He died in about an hour ' and hl«
body was removed to the Morgue. Mrs.
Lund says that her husband was In the
habit of taking exercise on the roof and
she supposes ha went too near the edge
and becoming dizzy fell. Beyond his ill
ness there was nothing to worry him, ac
he waa In comfortable circumstances.
She and other friends scout the idea of
suicide. The deceased • was a > native of
Massachusetts and was 63 years or ago.
• NEW TO-DAY. ' ________
+©+©+o+©+©+©+o+e+«+©-»©+©+©+©+o+©+©®+©+©+©+©+©9+o-}-o+o+©-hO©+o+o+o+o+(
o ' Who would miss it? £ (
K.w i One 'thousand New Idea • ! Beautiful Fleece Back \Z. 7| Tm — - ; 71 — '. I
i7 W Patterns of Waists. Skirts! p-y- Cashmere Flannel for wrap- j Too and -r' 'oj* to close nt s&c.
de * and Children's Dresses; the Ot Extra pers, pretty little colored fig- i 85 « if ttn d Boc, Fancy Suitings. >
F ra « entire lot to close to-day at.. | Each Wrapper ures on dark grounds, our jDreis I;!,*"*.™ lnc A e , s wide, new KTer^ (
riMn " oi:^ 1 ".. 8 ...!; 3 :;...^. 6 :.. 1 ::, 6-lc *•* iS?^^^.!!.*..^! o^;
I Five hundred yards of dou- I (This Is a bargain.) | Yard! j „ , ~ ! ~ — ,
»,._ ble and single width Mesh ~~ Our "„,,,,. r_ T*Y>\t> r>»m I '■ "1 »ad Y(U ma have your pick of .
M«^ Veiling. dotted or plain. .. ask on Ci sale a clear * 125 « nny " our regular » and (
" e^ tans, browns, white, navy 10/- 650 wvlnir o? 15c ™rd inch I Fancy ?1 25 Fancy Mohairs for *7 PZr* '
filing and black; the lot to close lUC TaH. ST'uSen!' c!^e aye' very /- f\ Mohair '7 his, s an elegant fabric COC ,
to-day lard Damask j heavv t 10 rich patte rns; to 50C "** tt ' and stvUsn th« year around.) -Yard,
■ ' ,be closed out at i Yard , , „ ~ " ~~" (
I Woolen Winter Socks, dou-l ( Heavy Fleeced Jersey Rib-- $1 50 fad a thi 3S3 S winter rightup^o
O«nts' ! We merino heels and toes. Ladies' bed Merino Undervests. silk! fit:?" date, 21 inch' and never 1
Wool three shades of gray, a great lfij c Winter crochet neck and front high jQQ r g-iu pc Bold for less than $1 GO yard, *f .00
Books sock for two-bits; to close lOC Vests neck, long sleeves; the lot to O«^C B 'i* all good colors; to close the 51
the lot i Pair close I Each | Hot Yard 1
CHILDREN'S JACKETS. SALE TABLES.
A clearing for little folks: Every child's jacket In the store re- ' Five bargain tables In the bazaar' A4e Re lOe 2Kn anA a.=>
duced'. Come early to-day and get a bargain. Here are the re- table. "Anything on this table for sc" etc' Pome of the hriirht '
auctions: , e6t bargains for sharp, shrewd shoppers we have offers T>ii-t '
30 regular SI 60 Jackets to close 9Sc each them out. To give an idea we take the table? for ln/tlnce On '
24 regular $3 Jackets to close J2 00 each , the 10c table are the following- ' "Stance. On .
12 regular $4 Jackets to close 300 each | _. _. - '
6 regular IS Jackets to close 350 each Bisque Figures. lC..*, Wire Sponge Holder*.
E regular $6 Jackets to close 4 00 each Cups and Saucers. Whisk Brooms. ,
(These are the latest, nobbiest little garments we have in the de- j Comb ana Brush Holders. Shoe Brushes,
partment.) ' Etc., Etc., Etc., Etc., Etc.
a great SUCCESS. -—--—■====
Was made of the PURE FOOD SHOW In our store last week, and at the urgent request of many lady patrons
we have arranged to have it continued all of this week. P 8
Do not fall to avail yourself of the opportunity to attend the free cooking lessons, and at the same time
relieve the fatigue of shopping by partaking of the light luncheon, which is served gratis.
' «• JfeJCOKIP SEATED •=•
937-939-941-943-945 Market Street.
NOT A POUND
OF COAL
FOR SALE
Wholesale Dealers
Close the Gates of
Their Yards.
Retailers Begging for Fuel
to Supply Their
Customers.
Few Vessels on the Coast Now
Free for Collier
Charters.
A FAMINE IS THREATENED
Coasters Must Bring 200,000 Tons in
the Next Sixty Days to Meet
th« Demand.
There Is not a pound of coal for sale
In San Francisco to-day, except at a
few of the small retail yards in the
residence districts. The bunkers of the
wholesale dealers were cleaned out
yesterday. On Tuesday afternoon the
Dunsmulr yards were closed and the
string of coal carts waiting at the
pates were turned to other dealers f«>r
loads. To-day Rosenfeld, Chandler.
the Central Coal Company, the Beaver
Hill Coal Company and the Coos Bay
Coal Company refused to sell to deal
ers. TVhat supplies they still have In
their yards they reserved to fill the
outstanding contracts for fuel they
have with large consumers. All yes
terday a string of carts went from one
coal yard to another begging for a
load, but they went away empty from
every one of them. No coal was to be
had.
The vessels now in the coal carrying
trade are not equal to supply the de
mand. Many of the steamers that a
few months ago were bringing coal
cargoes from the Sound ports have
been chartered for the promised Alaska
trade, and they are now being changed
from colliers to carriers of fortune
seekers. A few weeks ago when there
was a promised scarcity of coal carry
ing vessels the owners of suitable ships
agreed on a demand of an advance of
25 cents a ton for bringing coal from
Puget Sound ports to San Francisco.
The coal dealers refused to pay the de
manded advance and the ship owners
in preference to taking cargoes at the
present low rate put many of their ves
sels in Oakland Creek, preferring to
lay them up in the mud rather than
take such a low charter price. Even
if all the now available vessels in the
port or still in the trade were running
they would not be able to carry enough
coal to keep the supply equal to the
The recent bad weather along the
coast has detained the vessels now in
the trade to a considerable extent and
kept back many cargoes, but coal deal
ers say that amounts to a very little
in comparison to what will follow
within the next sixty days. They pre- |
diet a serious coal famine. All the coal |
from foreign and Eastern mines that
"an possibly reach the port within the '
■
Pozzoni's Complexion I
Powder produces a soft and beautiful skin; I
it combines every element of beauty and «
purity. I
next two months amounts to only 47,
000 tons. The consumption of the city
and vicinity in that time will be about
240.000 tons. To keep even with the de
mand vessels will be required to carry
200,000 tons to this harbor from the
Puget Sound and Oregon mines in the
next sixty days, and there are not
enough ships disengaged on the coast
to do it.
On Saturday last a cargo of 600 tons
arrived early in the morning from
Coos Bay, and the vessel was met at
the wharf with a string of carts reach
ing nearly a third of a mile. The first
of the string of carts stood over twelve
hours waiting for the coal at the bunk
ers where the vessel would discharge
her load. The cargo was carted away
as fast as it could be hoisted out of
the hatches.
SHE WOS NOT A CRIMINAL.
fin Old Woroar) Charged With Ob-
tairjiog Money Under False
Pretenses Acquitted.
Mrs. Annie Ross, a woman tottering i
with ape, was on trial before Jud^e Wal
lace yesterday on a charge of obtaining i
| money under false pretenses. The com- i
plaininp witness npainst her was E. S.
BoneUt, and ho alleged that the prisoner
"had procured $140 as a loan on some fur
niture in ■ hmise at 505 Jones street,
which she claimed was unineumbered.
The complainant afterward discovered
that a chattle mortßase on the furniture |
! of $12=; was already In the possession of
I the Pacific Loan and Investment <'>>m
pnny. In consequence of the second mort
gage Bonelli alleged that he had been
'!• trended and he had the old woman ar-
After all the testimony in the case had
been heard Judße Wallace turned to tho
jury and said: "Gentlemen of the jury.
are you willing to decide this case with
out arpument or Instructions from the
court ">" The iury answered in the affirma
tive and filed out. A few minutes it re
turned to the court and found the de
fendant not guilty.
The verdict apparently pleased every
! one !n the room with the exception of the
complainant. Tho aged prisoner was then
lib.-rat^d and she left the building ac
companied by sympathetic friends.
Jesuits Will Conduct a Mission.
A mission under the direction of the
Jesuit priests. Fathers Finnipan and Van
de Erden, will be conducted at St. Charles
Church, commencing next Sunday morn
ins and continuing for two weeks.
During the mission special services will
be held every morning and evening.
Father Kalcia will deliver a sermon at
St. Ignatius Sunday morning, January 30,
on the subject of "Dreams." This subject
is the second of this character chosen by
Father Kalcia to exnound. the first being
on the subject of fortune-telling and the
absurdity of an existing belief in a proph
ecy of human destiny. The subject bids
fair to be as fully interesting and novel
as anything ever chosen as a text for a
sermon. Rev. Father Freiden, president !
of the Society of Jesus on this coast, will
arrive in the city to-morrow evening,
after an absence of six days at San Jose.
NEW TO-DAY. ,
GEO. W. DUDLEY,
A Prominent St. Louis Business Man
Cured of Asthma, a Case of Ten
Years' Standing, by Dr. Char-
cot's Kola Nervine Tablets.
St. Louis. Mo.. April 13, 1837.
To whom it may concern.— am pleased
to add my testimonial to the worth of Dr.
Charcot's Kola Nervine Tablets, I having
been afflicted with asthma for about ten
years. I have found great relief from the
use of these Tablets, for after having used
one of the large boxes the symptoms \v«ro
nearly effaced. -^'•-.; -:<■> ■ j
Hoping that others thus afflicted will
benefit from my experience, I am.
Truly yours, Geo. W. Dudley.
N. B.— Mr. George W. Dudley, writer of
the above letter, is president of The Dud-
ley Machinery Co., St.Louis. Mo., and one
of the best known civil arid constructing
engineers in the West and South West.
He has recently gained national promi-
nence as one of the inventors and owners
of -the celebrated dynamite gun now being
used with such deadly effect by the Cuban
Insurgents in their struggle for liberty.
Dr.Charcofs Kola Nervine Tablets never
fail in nervous diseases of any kind. Fifty
cents and $1.00 at all druggists. See Dr.
Charcot'snam© on label. Eureka Chemical
& Mfc Co.. La Crosse. Wls."
Redlngtoa & Co., general distributors.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
638 $££%*£* •& PP *- P 4r "
I V»l«acla •txeot. * Telephone, "Churdx m. .
HERET
Sjls bargains
These 5 bargains are this
week's hints for careful buy-
ers. We have two stores full
of good things at low prices —
that's why we invite your
. trade.
EGGS, finest ranch, dozen 25c
Regular price 30c.
CLARET, gallon ••••••..... 40c
Good, pure, California claret,
Regular price 75c.
CORN, tin ....10c
Finest susrar corn, packed in Maine.
Regular price 15c.
COFFEE, I.X.L. brand, lb 2Oc
Roasted or ground.
Regular price 30c.
BRANDY COCKTAIL, qt. bot. 90c, pt. 50c
Unsurpassed as an appetizer.
Blended and bottled in bond.
Regular price, quarts, $1 25; pints, 75c
C2\ STOCK. TON STREET,
Telephone Main 5522.
3253 Fillmore Street,
Telephone West 152.
SEND FOR NEW CATALOGUE.
lIS ACCESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
JEHIJr instantly. Our INVISIBLE TV
mat CBiTUH hrlp v (j n nil else falls, us glasses help eyes.
Self-aiijustir.e. NoPain. Whispers heard. SendtoCDCC
F. HiMoilo., §5S ir»a<. S.Y., for Book and Proofs lutE
Must Vacate
By. the Ist of February.
TURKISH RUG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
324 SUTTER STREET,
The Entire Stock of Rare
TURKISH, PTI(PQ
PERSIAN It U HJTkJ,
1000 Pairs Moorish, Oriental, Bagdad
Portieres, Draperies, Etc., ;
1 Will be Sold Out at -AUCTION
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY,
Jan. 20, 21, 22, at 2 and S p. m. daily.
At &24 SUTTER STREET.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., Auctioneer*.
-
CLOSE one iye and then the OTHER'
. if you cannot SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR
AND FAR CALL AND SEE US. S'.-« !V '
OPTICIANS PHOTOG p I H^ uES
.^Ocientihc Instruments sj>
"/}r 642 Market St. vF
,UWPWCHROniCLt BUILDING**.