VOLUME LXXXIV.-KO. 18.
AGUINALDO DECLARES THE
INDEPENDENCE OF PHILIPPINES
GRADUALLY
CLOSING IN
ON MANILLA
Insurgents Preparing for
the Grand Assault on
th>e City.
Native Soldiers Deserting Their
Regiments and K illin g tne
Spanish Officers.
Copyrighted. 1293, by James Gordon Bennett.
BY JOSEPH L. STICKNEY.
MANILA, June 13, via Hong
kong, June 17. — The rebels are
gradually closing in around Man
ila. Yesterday they took Mala
bona, and are now in Tondo, a
northwest suburb, where a great
fire is now raging. The native
carabineros killed their officers
and deserted last night. A part
of a native regiment at Caloocan
also deserted, killing their Spanish
officers. A fierce attack on the
powder magazine at Malate was
made early this morning, but the
Spaniards kept the rebels out.
The insurgents are daily increas
ing in numbers. All the Span
iards, their sons and grandsons are
obliged to serve as volunteers. A
few of the garrisohs in the prov
inces still hold out.
The rebels are wearing out
Manila garrison, but 1 believe they
will delay the grand assault until
the arrival of the American troops.
When the rebels captured Gua
delupe they sent the patients in
the hospital into Manila. They
are treating the Spanish prisoners
well.
There was severe fighting in
the southern suburb to-day. The
Spaniards attach importance to
the arrival of the German flagship.
The relations between General
August! and the German Consul
are intimate. Nearly all the Eng
lish families will leave to-morrow
by the Yung Sang' for Hongkong.
AGREEMENT BETWEEN
DEWEY AND AGUINALDO.
By It the Insurgent Leader Promises
to Co-operate With American
Forces.
The San Francisco Call
correspondent of the Times gives the
text of a Berlin letter dated June 4. and
read in the Cortes on Thursday, pur
porting to be the text of an agreement
signed April 24 at Singapore between
Aguinaldo, the insurgent leader, and
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898.
MANILA, June 13, via Hongkong, June 17.— At a large con-
Gourse of rebel chiefs, held yesterday in Old Cavite, General
Aguinaldo proclaimed the Independence of the Philippines.
VIEW OF THE WESTERN PART OF THE CITY OF MANILA LOOKING TO THE SOUTHWEST ACROSS THE OLD WALLED CITY AND THE NEW
BASINS, FROM A POINT ON THE RIVER PASIG NEAR THE SUSPENSION BRIDGE.
Through the right of the picture runs the river Pasig, extended by jetties out into the
bay. On the right or north side are Binondo, the business part of the new city; and Qui
apa, a mixed suburb, the former connecting with the old city by the Punta Espana or Bridge
SIGNIFICANT THREAT
BY GERMAN OFFICERS
"Americans Will Never Annex the Phil
ippines While William Remains
Emperor."
MANILA, June 6 (via Hongkong, June 17). — There is a story current here this evening to the effect that the
captain and officers of the German warship Irene went to a picnic on horseback to the further outpost of San
Juan, accompanied by the highest Spanish staff officers.
They had a champagne luncheon, and the captain of the Irene is said to have made a speech,
during which he declared the Americans " Will never annex the Philippine Islands while William
remains Emperor.*'
The Germans, it is further said, with their Spanish hosts, might have been killed by the insurgents, who had
the road to San Juan strongly ambushed, but it is further asserted the insurgents had orders to avoid giving a pre
text for German intervention.
Finally, it is said, the Germans proposed to remove the wounded Spanish soldiers to a hospital sh'p under
the German flag, but Admiral Dewey is reported to have replied that hitherto mediation had always been British,
and it must remain so.
the - future government of the Philio
pines, an agreement afterward orally
ratified at Hongkong by Admiral
Dewey. '
'' 'in' this agreement Aguinaldo under
takes to organize a republican govern
ment under the . protectorate of ,' the
United States, with the assistance of two
or three American delegates as coun
selors.- ' ' ' ''^ .7 l: - A '>lV-i : - v
The ports of the archipelago are to
be opened to foreign trade and immi
grants with certain restrictions against
the Chinese.
Then follow clauses promising iudicial
and, other , reforms, the , expulsion . and
abolition of "tyrannical religious or
ders," \ the . freedom of the .press, pro
tection ; to' Spanish ■ residents, i provision
for •' the i return \ of -i Spanish t officials { to
Sj^iji, - tg4.SJl£ BSasl! deyeloonacßfc-oi
BY JOSEPH L. STICKNEY.
Copyrighted, lfflS, by James Gordon Bennett.
of Spain. To the left or south of the jetties lie the merchantmen, and beyond these two
British, three German, one French and one Japanese men-of-war, with Commodore Dewey's
fleet keeping watch over the whole.
the country.
The Times correspondent says the
contents of the agreement harmonize
with information derived from other
sources, but there is no proof of its
authenticity.
Gladstone, the Man of the Century,
By Walter Besant,
'T^jjn v Aezt:J3iux4a^'B Call, i
SPANIARDS FEASTED
BY GERMAN OFFICERS.
Friendly Relations Existing Between
Representatives of the Two
Nations at Cienfuegos.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA. June 17.— The German
Vice-Consul at Cienfuegos gave a ban
quet the other night at the Union Ho
tel in that city to the commander and
other officers of the German cruiser
Gieir. Colonel Rios of the Spanish ar
tillery, who was brought up in Ger
many, was present as a guest. There
was great cordiality during the ban
quet between the Germans and Span
iards. While the feasting was going on
the band of the Alfonso XIII played at
the door of the hotel. Several of the
Gieir's crew received special attention
from the Spaniards and were treated to
beer and cigars, which pleased them
greatly. The Germans and Spaniards
understood each other perfectly, all
speaking French. The Gieir's comman
der visited the Spanish authorities, and
the latter returned the call. The cruiser
is expected to-day at Havana.
The Colonial Cabinet resolved at its
session yesterday to pardon several po
litical convicts. On one of the ships
GENERAL AUGUSTI
ADMITS DISTRESS.
MADRID, June 17. — The follj^ving dispatch from Manila signed
by Captain General Augiisti and dated June I' is published officially:
. "The grave situation set forth in my dispatch of June 8 continues.
The troops are fighting on the line of blockhouses which stops the
enemy's advance. The enemy has been strengthened by desertions of the
native troops, which diminish our means of resistance and ma^ compel
me to take refuge within the walled city.
"Communication with the provinces is still cut off. and I do not know
whether the detachments there will be able to hold out against a lack of
resources. I hope to receive assistance from the peninsula before our
means of defense are exhausted."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
that will sail from Manzanillo in a few
days will be embarked a « uuttn-Anieri
cah citizen, who filled the office of in
terpreter in the Custom-house. He was
dismissed by the Government and or
dered to leave the country.
The Spanish columns operating In
Puerto Principe have had a fierce fight
with the rebels. They have captured
thirty-six, killed several and wounded
many.
MAY DISEMBARK TO THE
WEST OF SANTIAGO.
Copyrighted, l^S, by James Gordon Bennett,
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALLi
DISPATCH BOAT, OFF SANTIAGO
DE CUBA, June 16, via Port Antonio.
Jamaica, June 17.— The operations by
the Spaniards in the way of strength
ening fortification: indicate that they
expect the American forces to effect a
landing to the eastward of Santiago
de Cuba.
They will probably be disappointed.
The indications are that the landing:
will be made to the westward. There
are good approaches in that direction,
and with a north wind the disembarka
tion of the troops would not be difficult.
The landing will not be delayed long
after the arrival of the transports.2
TOWNS AND
PRISONERS TAKEN
Copyrighted, 1593, by James Gordon Bennett.
BY JOSEPH L. STICKNEY.
MANILA, June 11 (via Hongkong, June 17).
The rebel troops, who, as I mentioned In my
last dispatch, were besieging the old Cavite
church, kept the Spanish garrisons closely
surrounded, but could make little impression
on the solid stone walls. The insurgent bat
tery across the bay had no fuses for the
shells and their powder was bad, conse
quently the Spaniards had not much fear of
their guns. ♦
Not till the Krupp field pieces were so
placed as to make sure of breaching the
walls did the lieutenant colonel commanding
surrender on June 9, after having held out
nine days. The rebels captured here 250
men and 270 Mauser rifles. This closed the
campaign in the Cavite province, there being
no more Spaniards left at large.
The whole insurgent force then
moved north to attack the Span
insh positions outside of Manila
City.
Continuous fighting has
been going on ever since, re
sulting in the rebels taking
the towns of Parneque and
Pasay on the coast.
Several towns on the north
east of Manila are now surround
ed by the insurgents, who press
the Spaniards hard, notwith
standing the latter's superiority
in artillery.
One day's lighting illustrates
all. Having taken Pasay, the
rebels debouched from the
swampy into the rolling country,
containing woods, a few modern
houses and an occasional stream.
Near the beach was a large pow
der magazine close to a well-built
stone batter}-.
The rebels made a rush at this
magazine at night, capturing
several prisoners, rifles and some
powder before the Spaniards
could rally to protect their posi
tion. In the morning the rebels
deployed in the woods south of
the magazine, opened a hot fire
on the Spaniards, using the same
tactics as they had done in all
previous actions I have wit
nessed. From my position in
the rear I could see the rebel ad
vance line crouching behind
cover while the Spaniards poured
a continuous fire of small arms at
them.
The insurgents replied with
carefully aimed shots; then a
group of twenty or thirty would
make a rapid rush toward the
front, dropping under cover with
in fifty paces of their starting
point. The Spaniards soon be
gan firing shells from the field
guns, in the fort, but not much
damage was done.
When the rebels had massed
about 3000 men within easy
range of the magazine they lay
quiet, intending to make an as
sault that night, but fortunately
they discovered in time that the
Spaniards had mined a bruise
over which they must charge and
the assault was countermanded.
Aguinaldosays hedoes not
expect to make much more
progress until the United
States troops arrive. The
Spaniards have such great
superiority in artillery that
the insurgents cannot suc
ceed in an attack on the
walled fort in the city.
To guard against assault by
the rebels the small gunboat
Cebu has been placed so as to
command Puente de Espana,
across the river Pasig, which di
vides the city. A large number
of field guns has also been placed
around the city walls.
Aguinaldo says the Spaniards
have 35,000 troops in Manila.
My own information, obtained
from men in the field, who have
the best opportunity of observing
the enemy, places the number
under the Spanish flag at 7000,
of whom 2000 are volunteers,
who are useless as a fighting
force.
From very trustworthy sources
I have received the following
facts about the situation in Man
ila: Of the three principal bat
teries commanding the bay one
contains four 6-inch Krupp,
breech-loading rifles, thirty-four
muzzle loading guns, mostly use
less, and three rapid-fire rifles,
which are probably of 4.7
inches; the second battery con
tains three large muzzle loading
field guns, and the third battery
contains several old style
muzzle loaders and two machine
guns.
Nearly all the foreigners
have leFt Manila and are
quartered aboard the dozen
merchant steamers which
were caught in the passage
when the American squad
ron arrived.
Dewey allowed these vessels
to come out of anchorage and
anchor in the bay as a refuge for
the foreigner population. These
steameFs are ajl Spanish and will
be prizes when Dewey is ready
to take possession of Manila.
In the early part of the week
| the small steamer Vulcan, about
j 200 tons, and to-day a similar
steamer, the Toaleno, came into
the bay from one of the other
1 islands flying the insurgent flag.
The latter brought about 300
', Spanish prisoners.
General Aguinaldo made ar
; rangements to hold a meeting of
native leaders yesterday to pre
pare a constitution for the pro
posed republic and organize a
government. Owing to the ab
sence of some persons who had
been expected at the conference
it did not take place.
The rebels are reported to
have captured the wife and
five children of Governor-
General Augusti. They will
not be held as prisoners, but
will be broughtto Manila and
allowed to join General Au
gusti.
The British gunboat Linnet
arrived from Iloilo yesterday. She
will take dispatches and mail to
Hongkong to-night.
The German flagship Kaiserin
Augusta arrived from Kiaochau
yesterday, so that now three Ger
man warships are here.
Two large fires broke out in
Manila this afternoon, apparently
in warehouses near the docks,
which have been burning two
hours. The rebels have control
of the city's water supply, but are
not going to cut it off for fear of a
general conflagration and disease
if the city should be deprived of
water.
THREE iHOUSAND
SPANIARDS CAPTURED.
Panic in Manila General and Spanish
Families Enter Inside the
Walled City. .
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
BY JOSEPH L. STICKNEY.
MANILA, June 8 (via Hongkong,
June 17). — General Aguinaldo has ad
vanced steadily. Sunday, June 5, he
took Capote, Las Pinas and Paraneque,
all strong Spanish positions.
The rebels* even arrived within 100
yards of the powder magazine at Mal
ate.
The Spanish retreat from Paraneque
was disorderly, and in their flight only
just escaped being cut off by a flank
movement of the rebels. The Spanish
garrison at Capote surrendered, and the
garrisons throughout the province of
Cavite gave up the fight. t
The rebels have taken nearly 3000
prisoners, who are guarded in Cavite.
The city of Manila is quite surrounded
by rebels, and an attack is expected
hourly. The province is in the hands
of the rebels. It is renorted that Maca
bele, where the wife and family of the
Captain-General were guarded by na
tive volunteers and Spanish troops, has
surrendered. It is also reported that
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTTXE 18, 1898.
JUST TO
CALM THE
POPULACE
Cadiz Fleet May Sail a
Short Distance and
Return.
Cabinet Discusses tf)e Reported
Traosfer of the Philippines
to Germaoy.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The State
Department received the following dis
patch from its agent at Gibraltar:
'■The Charles V.. Pelayo, Rapldo, Pa
triot, Audaz, Osada, Prosperina, Giral
da, Prelejo, Colon, with the Minister on
board; Alfonso Doce, Canadong, Anto
nio Lopez, Isla Panos, Buenos Ayres
and San Francisco left Cadiz yester
day. The first eleven passed the rock
bound for Carthagena for orders. The
last three have troops on board."
This is Admiral Camara's Cadiz
squadron, and appears to be in the
Mediterranean, bound for African
shores.
GIBRALTAR, June 17.— The Cadiz
fleet, which was sighted off Ceuta last
evening, passed here to-day, going
eastward. It consists of two battle^
ships, four cruisers and four torpedo
boat destroyers.
MADRID, June 17.— Admiral Cama
ra's fleet, said here to consist of over
twenty vessels, is reported to have
been divided at sea and to have pro
ceeded to different destinations.
There Js a feeling of great optimism
in official circles here and in the lob
bies of the Cortes, owing to the depar
ture of Admiral Camara's fleet. It is
said that :t has an enormous quantity
of war material on board, including a
mysterious new explosive.
There are a number of rumors in cir
culation here as to the destination of
the fleet. One has it that the Spanish
warships are now heading for Boston,
Mass., with the intention of bombafd
ing New England towns, and another
report sets fuTth that the Spanish re
serve fleet is going to the Philippine
Islands.
The Spanish newspapers say that
work is being actively continued on
fortifications in the Canary and Ba
learic Islands. The Liberal reiterates
the declaration that "if Spain has
nothing to hope for from the powers
ehe is able to defend herself."
the military party has obliged General
Augusti to resign and transfer the com
mand to Jandene, who was second in
command. The panic in Manila is Ken
eral. The Spanish families are entering
inside the walled city.
The Spanish troops who retired from
Paraneque are in bad condition, starving
and exhausted. All seems to be con-
fusion owing to bad management. No
American troops have arrived here.
MAY RETIRE TO THE
VIZCAYA ISLANDS.
If Obliged to Capitulate at Manila
Augusti Intends to Remain
Governor General.
MADRID, June 17.— One of the high
Spanish Ministers in an interview to
day said :
"Aguinaldo, after breaking faith with
the Spaniards, Induced the uprising in
aid of the Americans by swearing that
the latter only came to liberate the
Philippine Islands and would support a
native republic. But when the natives
see through the trickery and Span
ish warships appear with re-enforce
ments there will be a reaction in favor
of Spain, because the natives, although
fickle, are still influenced by tht> friars,
who are only hated by the members of
the secret societies and not by the mass
of the natives.
"If Manila is obliged to capitulate the
seat of government will be transferred
to the Vizcaya Islands, General Au
gust! capitulating as* commanded o'
Manila and not as Governor -General of
the Philippines."
The Minister also denied that the
Spanish Government had any intention
pf ceding territory to Germany in ex
changed for any undefin »d assistance.
VERY CHUMMY WITH
SPANIARDS AT MANILA.
Actions of Germans Cause the Belief
That They Have Something
Up Their Sleeve.
LONDON, June 18.— The Hongkong
correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
The Archbishop at Manila, Monsignor
Nozaleda, announces that he has had
a communication from God, who has
promised him that the "Yankee pigs"
will be driven out of the island, and
that "Spain will be triumphant in the
end."
There is an idea in Manila that the
Germans have something up their
sleeve. On this point my correspondent
writes: "The Germans are disposed to
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S
LATEST REPORT.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The Navy Department has received the
following from Admiral Dewey:
"Cavite, June 12, via Hongkong, June 17.— There is little change in
the situation since my telegram of June 3. JThe insurgents continue
hostilities and have practically surrounded Manila. They have taken
2500 Spanish prisoners, whom they treat most humanely. They do not
intend to take the city at the present time. Twelve merchant vessels
are anchored in the bay with refugees under guard of neutral men-of
war; this with my permission. The health of the squadron continues
excellent. The German comnaander-in-chief arrived to-day. Three Ger
man, two British, one French and one Japanese men-of-war are now
in port. Another German man-of-war is expected. The following is a
correct list of the Spanish vessels captured and destroyed:
"Destroyed— Two- protected cruisers, five unprotected cruisers, one
transport and one serving vessel, both armed.
"The following were captured: The transport Manila and the gun
boat Callao."
Before the departure of the Spanish
warships a flag of honor, embroidered
by the ladies of Cadiz, was afesented
to the officers of the cruiser Carlos V.
It was a solemn ceremony.
Captain Aunon subsequently held a
council of war with the commanders of
all the ships of the squadron on board
the Pelayo. Captain Aunon, after the
departure of Admiral Camara, wired
the Premier the following:
"The reserve squadron and the troops
of the expeditionary corps, on leaving
Spanish waters, send greetings to the
Government and the fatherland and
affirm their desire to fight for them."
The Minister of Marine also tele
graphed to the Queen Regent enthusi
astic greetings from the squadron and
their determination to fight to the last
for the national honor.
It is announced that Captain Aunon,
after inspecting the arsenal at Car
thagena, will return to this city and or
ganize a third squadron of warships.
He sent a message to the Premier that
he was much satisfied with the condi
tion of the squadron of Admiral Ca
mara.
Premier Sagasta, it is said, hopes to
prorogue the Chamber of Deputies next
week.
Fresh contingents of troops are being
constantly called to the colors and
there is great activity In the War and
Navy departments. Work on the fort
ifications at the different ports of Spain
is being pushed and it is asserted a
third squadron of warships is to be
formed immediately, to be composed of
the Cardinal Clsneros, Lepanto, Al
fonso XIII and other cruisers. Cadiz
is to be the rendezvous of this squad
ron.
It Is the general opinion here that a
protracted war is ahead, and it Is semi
officially announced that the Govern
ment does not count upon the support
of any power, and that even Germany,
in spite of her great interests in the
Philippine Islands, will do nothing to
favor Spain.
be meddlesome here. Germans and
Spaniards axe very chummy, entertain
ing erne another at dinner parties and
walking arm In arm everywhere. There
Is no question about how the BrU sh
feel. They are watching the Germans
closely."
The Hongkong correspondent to the
Times says. According to Manilla ad
vices dutcu June 13 and broight here
by Her Majesty's ship Linnet, the reb
els have captured the family of Cap-
tain-General Augusti. In most cases
the desertions of the naval regiments
have been accompanied by a massacre
of the officers. It is reported from
Shanghai that the Spanish Archbishuo
from Mani.'a has arrived there with the
German Uuopship Darmstadt.
MANILA MAY HAVE
FALLEN BY THIS TIME.
It Is Believed Dewey Has Beached
an Understanding With the
Insurgent Leader.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— Dewey's
report of June 12 from Cavite was food
for a good deal of discussion to-day at
the Navy Department. Taken in con
nection with the press reports ft would
seem to indicate that Manila probably
has rWlen by this time. One phrase
used by the admiral, "that they do not
intend to take the city at the present
time," warrants the belief that he has
reached a perfect understanding with
the insurgent leader, and that the town
is not to be attacked until the Ameri
can troops arrive. For some reasons it
is extremely desirable that such should
be the case, and that Dewey should
receive the surrender of the town in
person rather than force the Spaniards
to surrender to insurgents and thereby
afford a possible pretext for the inter
ference of some of the European pow
ers, whose ships are gathering in sus
piciously large numbers in Manila Bay.
SPANISH ARTILLERYMEN
STAMPEDED FROM MALATE
Immense Consternation Caused, It
Being Believed the Insurgents
Were Attacking.
MANILA, June 6, via Hongkong, June
17.— During last night, owing to a mis-
understanding, a squad of Spanish ar
tillerymen stampeded from MaJate into
Manila, causing immense consternation,
it being believed that the insurgents
were storming the city.
A Spanish officer commanding an
outpost at San Juan left his men in
charge of a sergeant, earn© to town and
was found helplessly drunk. It is re
ported that he was sentenced to death.
A six-Inch gun at Malate, while being
fired Into the wood* over the Span
iard*' heads, flred a shot which struck
a tree and killed several Spaniards.
AUGUST! RESIGNS
HIS MILITARY COMMAND.
Council of War Made Furious by the
General's Proposal to
Surrender.
MANILA, June 5 (via Hongkong,
June 17).— The captain general held a
council of war, at which it was pro
posed to surrender because " resistance
was clearly useless and a deplorable ex
penditure of blood and heroic* 1 efforts
were rendered futile by lack of train
ing. Insufficient supplies and the small
ness of the force."
The council was furious at this sug
gested "humiliation by mere natives,"
and Captain Genera! Augusti resigned
his military command, being succeeded
by his second in command, who coun
termanded the order for the withdrawal
of the troops from the field.
NO HARM DONE,
SAYS MADRID
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, June 17.— Advices received
here from Havana from official sources
characterize the fighting at Guanta
narao Bay as "mere skirmishing," with
the "net result that the Americans
have been able to ho 1 1 the place where
they landed." Continuing, the Havana
dispatch says:
"They have suffered greatly, both
from the fusillade and the heat. The
Spaniards are In possession of several
wells, none of which has been in
jured. The stories that the fortifica
tions at Caimanera and Morro have
been damaged are false."
The following official note has been
issued here: "The charges of Spanish
cruelty to the wounded and mutilation
of the dead are false. These accusa
tions have caused the liveliest indigna
tion among all classes in Spain, espe
cially among the troops, who are in
dignant at the calumnies. The Spanish
army is conducting itself in this war
with the nobility it has always shown,
as proved by the evidence of the Amer
ican prisoners who were released, and
its discipline is so strict that any mis
conduct would have been relentlessly
punished."
The following is a Spanish report
of the bombardment of Santiago dt>
Cuba:
"On June 16, at 5 a. m., fire was
opened on the coast batteries of San
tiago de Cuba by four American battle
ships, two ironclad cruisers and a pro
tected cjwiiser, while one yacnt opened
fire opposite Aguadores beach. The
cannonade was violent and fearful and
lasted one hour and a half. The Amer
icans fired over 1000 projectiles and
temporarily disabled the Hontoria can
non at La Socapa, covering them with
earth. The parapet was destroyed by
a shell. One cannon of Morro Castle
was damaged by the American projec
tiles. All the damages were repaired
to-day.
"The Americans suffered severe dam
age. Shells from the Spanish batteries
were clearly seen to fall on the Ameri
can ships, which were approximately
two miles off.
"The Spanish losses at Morro were
one artillery corporal killed and one
second lieutenant, Juan Arbela; also
eight soldiers and two sailors of the
watch service wounded. At the El So
capa battery two artillery sailors were
killed and Second Lieutenant Rikard
Brulsquita of the navy and two soldiers
wounded. The Spanish soldiers were
unharmed.
"General Linares eulogizes the be
havior of the troops and captain Gen
eral Blanco will reward several officers
and soldiers wounded to-day and in the
engagement of June 6. He will also
recommend for special reward Colonel
Ordonez of the artillery."
The Governor of oantiago de Cuba
has sent a cable dispatch to the Gov
ernment, describing the bombardment
of yesterday, in which he said:
"The Americans fired 1000 shots. Sev
eral Spanish shells hit the enemy's ves
sels. Our losses are three killed and
twenty-one wounded, including two
officers. The Spanish squadron was not.
damaged."
REFUSES TO EXCHANGE
MERRIMAC PRISONERS.
General Blanco Sends Out His Beply
on a Gunboat Under a Flag
of Truce.
Copyrighted, 1898, by Jamea Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, June 17.— Captain-General
Blanco has refused to entertain the
.proposition to exchange the Merrimac
prisoners. The Spanish torpedo gun
boat Martin Alfonzo Pinzon sailed out
ten miles to the northeast of the harbor
to-day under a flag of truce. She met
the monitor Terror and the Mangrove.
Ine monitor sent an officer off in a
small boat, to whom Lieutenant Manu
el Cubello, commander of the Martin
Alfonzo Pinzon, handed General Blan
co's reply in a sealed envelope. The
Martin Alfonzo Pinzon returned to port
at 3 o'clock this afternoon.
M. Bibot Called Upon.
PARIS. June 17.— President Faure has
invited M. Ribot to form a cabinet to suc
ceed the Mellne ministry, which resigned
on Wednesday last. M. Ribot asked to be
allowed until to-morrow to decide wheth
er he will or will not attempt to form a
Cabinet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood. Overcome That
Tired Feeling. ■ Get . a. bottle •of
Hood's \; Sarsapar llia and • begin to
take 'it' TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you. ' --? '■■
Hood's Sarsaparllla
In imarliuia fl»i,u.» u.jli.. <.. m . .-
TWO SHIPS
NOT PENNED
IN SANTIAGO
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS. June 17.— "1
tell you all of Cervera's fleet is not In
Santiago, as Americans think it is.
Two of the largest of the Spanish ships
are now hiding at the easte'm end of
Cuba, not far from Mole St. Nicholas.
I know what I am talking about. De
cause I coaled them," said Captain
Huke, of the British steamer Ravena
dale.
He talked in a half-boastful, half-de
fiant way about his voyage that ended
here. While the Gloucester was here
Huke was reticent and sulky, but when
the Gloucester left his manner changed.
He was very angry at what he called
the hindrance the American navy was
putting in the way of his business and
did not hesitate to say so.
This blockade of Cuba is a joke,"
TROOPS YET
TO ENLIST
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— Adjutant
General Corbin to-night made public
the number of additional regiments,
battalions, companies or batteries re
quired from each State under the sec
ond call of the President for volunteers.
The organizations from each State, the
number of which is herewith given, will
be in addition to the number of men
which will be enlisted from the several
States to fill to the maximum of 106
men to a company the organizations
now in the field.
Of the 75,000 men required under the
President's second call, 43,000 will lfc
needed to recruit the existing volunteer
regiments up to the maximum strength.
To obtain these recruits detachments
from each volunteer regiment are now
in the States from which they come.
The remaining 32.000 men will be or
ganized into companies, battalions and
regiments as the exigencies may re
quire, each State meeting the require
ments of the second as it may those of
the first call.
Under the second call the various
States and Territories will furnish, as
organizations, twenty-two regiments of
infantry, six regiments and three com
panies of infantry in unattached organ
izations, fourteen light batteries and
three heavy batteries. According to the
statements made by Adjutant General
Corbin, the new organizations will be
apportioned among the Territories and
States as follows:
Colorado— One battery light artillery.
Alabama— Two battalions infantry-
California— One regiment infantry-
Connecticut— One regimen* Infantry.
Georgia— One regiment infantry.
Illinois — Two regiments infantry.
Tndiana -One regiment infantry and two
companies Infantry.
lowa— Two light batteries.
Kansas— Two battalions infantry. ■"•*
Kentucky— One regiment infantry.
Louisiana— Three batteries light artil
lery.
Maine — Three batteries heavy artillery.
Maryland— One battalion infantry.
Massachusetts — One regiment infantry.
Michigan— One regimeßt infantry.
Mississippi— Six companies infantry.
Missouri— One regiment infantry.
Nebraska— One regiment infantry.
New Jersey — One regiment infantry.
New York— Three regiments infantry
and three batteries light artillery.
North Carolina— Seven companies in
fantry.
Ohio— One regiment and nine companies
infantry.
Oregon— Two batteries light artillery.
Pennsylvania. — Eighteen companies in
fantry.
Rhode Island — Two batteries light ar
tillery.
South Carolina— Two battalions infan
try.
Tennessee — One regiment Infantry.
Texas— One regiment infantry.
Utah— One battery light artillery.
Virginia— Two battalions infantry.
West Virginia— One regiment infantry.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
EVERYBODY GLAD!
A lady of this city, a member of the Press Club, was traveling in the
North of China, a thousand miles from every place; she had not seen the
face of a white man or woman for days. She entered the home of a mis-
sionary and found the Home Circle, our monthly price list. She felt quite
at home and exclaimed: "Well, one house in my city has the real American
enterprise, to ask for trade in this far-away region." Our goods are open t«
the whole world.
EVERYBODY GLAD £&& h °av r _r_s?3
from New York; regular dollar grade,
regular sizes,' bought of a manufacturer
forced out of business, at 40 cents on their
real value, and selling at 50 cents each—
1898 Fabrics, and 1898 Styles. f-;/. ..
EVERYBODY.; GLAD the a best gooclsfat our
house at the smallest prices; we help
manufacturers by taking their entire out-
put > and' help the public by distributing it
at low prices, half price, any prfce seem-
ingly; handle baskets for little folks, 2
• centa. -- , - . - ; - " _____ *
EVERYBODY GLAD Eft n *?.' he^l
that every article needed to make camp
life a luxury can be had at one place at
about half credit stores ask. Matting,
real good> for the floor, at less than bur-
lap: 5 cents a yard, $1 75 for 40 yards; call
and see it.
FVFRYBODY fil AD That they can plck
ETCttIBUIJI UL.AU up wearing apparel
at our store at the cost of the goods or
less and save all the trouble of making it
!up this warm weather. Little boys' over-
| ails with military stripes, 30 cents.
FVFRYRnnv fii An That there is one
EYEttIDUIII ULAII place ln town they
I canfsend r orders and have them filled at
right price, well packed and carefully
and promptly delivered. Camp trousers
for big boys, 12 to 17 years, 25 to 50 cents,
worth $1 50.
We deliver goods anywhere In town promptly.
>^>s^Bisjßßriß We deliver same day in towns across the bay.
r \h! V-i We pack safely and guarantee safe carriage.
4KH '"'] SbmUH I- We make a BT reat Point of. keeping best goods.
iV^ ••- y i^k mF/ We \rant to please buyers of all lines.
.-.- V^B^BBBBO@hHDV^ We '"" 3Ct you to buy for. your wants, not more.
>QSaM S^>^ We understand packing for Alaska or foreign trad*.
s^^s!s_^^^ -A.ll car lines bring you here for a single fare.
, i 85-27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
he said. "I can run though it when
ever I want to. and I dc. The British
flag protects me. The American naval
officers are a lot of fools. When they
boarded me at Guantanamo they never
had sense enough to look into my
bunkers to see whether they were full
of coal or not. No, I will not Nil you
how much coal I had, but it was
enough for a big Spanish warship 1
met the other day. My bunkers are
empty now. You can draw conclusions
as to what I did with it.
"Cervera is on the flagship Colon
and is in Santiago with a few ships,
but two big ones that the Americans
do not suspect are prowling around
outside. They have been waiting for
coal and have got it. They are now
ready for business and sonre day will
surprise the Americans."
Captain Huke proceeded to San Juan,
Porto Rico, for a cargo, probably more
coal.
Washington — One battalion infantry.
Wisconsin— One regiment ir'antry and
one battery light artillery.
Nevada— Three companies infantry.
Arizona, New Mexico, Oklahoma and
Indian Territory— One regiment infantry
each.
Wyoming, Idaho, Arkansas, Florida,
New Hampshire, Delaware, Montana,
North Dakota, Vermont and the Dis
trict of Columbia, having under the first
call furnished in excess of their quota,
will not be called upon to furnish any
new organizations under the second
call, simply filling the organizations
now in the service.
WAIT IN LINE
FOR ENLISTMENT.
Men Eager to Join and Volunteers
Enthusiastically Welcomed
Whenever Stop Is Made.
LOS ANGELES, June 17. — Lieuten
ant Diss to-day secured the fifty-six
men required to fill the ranks of Bat
tery D, Heavy Artillery, now at San
Francisco, and will leave for that city
to-morrow with the new recruits. Lieu
tenant-Colonel Schreiber opened his re
cruiting office in the armory this morn
ing for recruits for the Seventh Regi
ment of California Volunteers, and men
stood in line waiting to be examined.
BIGGS, June 17.— Troop G, Fourth
Cavalry, of Walla Walla, under com
mand of Lieutenant R. A. Brown, stop
ped at Biggs an hour this evening and
was met by the Biggs Brass Band.
Fruit and luncheon were served by the
ladies and a large crowd of citizens
cheered continuously.
SPANISH TORPEDO-BOAT
STRUCK BY A SHELL
One of Cervera's Vessels Damaged
During the Bombardment of
Santiago.
NEW YORK, June 17.— The Sun's
Madrid cablegram says: Correspond
encia de Espana. in its account of yes
terday's bombardment at Santiago,
says that many of the shells from the
Amerfca.li tvarshlpo fell into- tl»o !>.»_ ■ -
One hit the torpedo-boat Pluton.
ZEVELY GETS THE PLACE.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— Secretary of
the Interior Bliss to-day telegraphed to
J. W. Zevely, special inspector, appoint
ing him acting superintendent of Yose
mite. Sequoia and General Grant National
Park, in California. Mr. Zevely will pro
ceed first to Yosemite Park and expel
intruders, and then remove trespassers
from the other two parks.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The Senate
to-day confirmed a long list of nomina
tions, including the following: F. K.
Perkins of California, assistant paymaster
in the navy: J. C. W. Shode of Chicago,
receiver of public moneys, and B. H. Sul
livan of Plankington. S. D., register of
lands at Nulato, Alaska; I. L. Patterson,
collector of customs, Willamette, Or.
Army — Brigade surgeon, with the rank
of major, G. H. Penrose. Utah: surpreon,
with rank of major. F. A. Mencham,
Utah; commissary, with rank of captain,
J. F. Evans, California.
SHOE BARGAINS.
Gents' $3 Calf Button Shoes, closing $1 25
Boys' $2 60 Calf Button Shoes. 6, 6^, 6 900
Men's »2 50 Calf Oxfords. 5 to 7tt 66c
Boys' $2 Calf Oxfords. 3. 5. 5% 500
Ladles' $2 Garden Shoes, stout 66c
Ladies' Hish Cut Cloth Lace, 2H. 3. 3^ 35c
Ladles' 12 Kid Shoes. 2 to 7. closing TSc
Ladles' $3 50 Fine Green or Oxbloods $2 00
Infants' 50c. Fine Soft Soles. 1 to 4 250
A complete line of fashionable shoes at money
6avlng prices on every pair.
DRY GOODTbARGAINS.
National Bunting, 12 styles 4a
36-lnch Percales, light colors 5o
Dresß Prints, light or dark *o
Bcotch Plaids, wide and strong 5*3
Lawn 10c grade, blue or brown to
Wool Finished Henrietta Pink, dark greaft.. Jtt
SUNDRY BARGAINS.
35c Fine Lunch Baskets 10c
15c Small Splint Handle Baskets 606 0
Be Small Handle Baskets, children's 2c
$1 25 Fine Decorated Soup Tureens 500
35c Rebecca Tea Pots 20c
150 Harmonicas, plenty of 'em 505 0
40c, 3 piece Butter Dishes, decorated 160
600 Individual Butters, per dozen 15c
16c White Metal Tea Trays 3O3 O
$2 60 Kennebunk Bicycle Carriers 800
$1 60 Army Knapsacks or Canteens 250
Jl 00 Pocket Disnensary, 20 remedies 000
$4 50 Camping or Klondike Stoves $2 SOCAMARA'S
SHIPS PASS
GIBRALTAR
Conflicting Rumors as to
the Destination of
the Fleet.
Oi}e Report Declares It Is Coming
to flttacK AtlaQtic Coast
Cities.
The cablegram received at the State Department
From its Consular agent at Gibraltar stating that
Spain's reserve squadron, consisting oF Fourteen war
vessels, had passed through the Straits of Gibraltar,
bound For Carthagena, was the subject oF much spec
ulation in naval circles this aFternoon. The state
ment made by the Consular agent that the Minister
oF Marine was aboard one oF the vessels and that
the squadron would stop at Carthagena For orders
created the impression here that this Fleet might not
be bound Further east than that city, although the re
port that Manila was the destination of Admiral
Camara was seriously considered by the war board.
The belieF seems to be general to-night that the dis
patch of the Spanish Fleet From Cadiz to Carthagena
is intended only to deceive the Spanish masses, who
are very much wrought up over the latest news From
Manila.
It was announced in a cablegram
from Madrid yesterday that upon re
of the news from Hongkong Pre
mier Sagasta was very much agitated
and endeavored to conceal the bad tid
ings even from his associates until after
he had imparted it to the Queen Re
gent and the Minister of Marine. It is
••■ted that the fleet was immediately
through Gibraltar Straits to
create the impression among Spanish
people that an effort would be made to
regain the Philippines and thus avert a
crisis in the internal affairs of Spain.
But whether it is a ruse on the part of
the Spanish Ministry or not. no con
cern is felt by the administration, for
before the Spaniards can reach the
- Manila will be in possession
c American and insurgent troops,
the harbor mined and defended by a
war vessels vastly superior to
Spain's squadron.
It is understood that at the
Cabinet meeting to-day the re
ported sale of the Philippines
to Germany by Spain was
considered at some length.
An administration official who
is in a position to know says that
for several days the State De
partment has been In possession
of information to the effect that
Spain was actively engaged In
negotiating a transfer of the
Philippines.
"If it be true that Spain has sold the
islands," said a Cabinet official to-day,
"new and perhaps graver complications
will arise. I do not think there is any
reason to be especially apprehensive of
trouble, and yet how such a transaction
would operate on the present situation
in the Philippines is extremely pro
blematical."
At to-day's Cabinet meeting the Sec
retary of War was instructed to hurry
the third Philippine expedition. The
Porto Rico invasion was discussed at
some length. Tire President expressed
his disapproval of the delay in getting
the Santiago expedition off, more es
pecially in the light of recent events
which show that the delay caused Samp
son to make a premature landing of his
marines, with results that narrowly es
caped being disastrous. The President
urged the adoption of every measure
that might be expected to expedite the
Porto Rican expedition.
Four transports are now anchored
at Fefnandina, twenty-five miles from
Jacksonville, Fla., ready to take the
Porto Rican invasion army. They
have already been loaded with immense
quantities of supplies and munitions of
war. It is believed the President and
his Cabinet hope to see the Porto Rico
invasion set sail within ten days. It is
further believed, and on good authority,
that the convoy of the Santiago expe
dition has orders to return at once to
Fernandina to escort the second inva
sion army to Porto Rico.
There Is no doubt steps are
now being taken by the Navy
Department to organize a fleet
to attack Spanish commerce in
European waters and make a
demonstration against the Cana
ries and the coast of Spain.
The design is to organize a swift and
powerful fleet for this purpose. Thede
partment is canvassing the question of
the selection of vessels to compose this
fleet, and it is expected it will be com
posed of the New York, the Brooklyn,
the Columbia, the Minneapolis, the Cin
cinnati, the San Francisco, the Yale,
the Harvard and the Newark, all fast
cruisers, supported by the Oregon and
the lowa, speedy and powerful battle
ships. The Oregon and lowa are in
cluded on account of the possibility of
their meeting with the Pelayo.
This expedition will not start until
fifter FlortoJ&lco-liap been £fPtjired^ gng^
Call OFfice, Riggs House,
Washington, June 17.
therefore there is abundance of time for
the organization of the fleet.
GERMAN SHIPS FOR"
"FRIENDLY OBSERVATION."
So the Spectator Would Have Eng
land Send Cruisers to Re-en
force Dewey.
LONDON, June 18.— The Spectator,
commenting on the significant assem
bling of German warships at Manila,
says: "Emperor William, of course,
means nothing but friendly observa
tion. Would it not be expedient, how
ever, to send a couple of cruisers to
Manila to Join in the friendly observa
tion and to re-enforce Admiral Dewey
if attacked."
Coal Going to Honolulu.
TACOMA, June 17— J. T. Rteeb Ha
waiian Consul, and United States Com
missioner, returned from the East to
day. He says shipments of coal ag
gregating 40.000 tons are soon to be
made to Honolulu. One American
ship, the St. Francis. Is now at Balti
more, loading a portion of this coal.
Gladstone, the Man of the Century,
By Walter Besant,
In next Sunday's Call.
On Wednesday last renewed activity on the part of the Spaniards be
ing reported in Ouantanamo Bay. Admiral Sampson sent the Texas to join
the Marblehead and Suwanee, already stationed there, and silence a fort on
the east side of the harbor. How well and effectually this was dona was
told in yesterday's Call.
To-day the action Is illustrated in an [accurate, and novel menner. A
sketch the affair was made by a Herald-Call artist, who witnessed it
from the deck of the dispatch-boat Somers N. Smith, cruising in the har
bor at the time. ; When the action was over and the forts silenced the
Smith was headed immediately for Kingston, Jamaica, where connection was
had with cable for New , York. And now came the first step In utilizing
the marvelous photo-telegraph. ■: The . sketch ' was drawn ' : on paper, covered
S^JSteXV^AHWes* $ach aqu^ra-^elug aefljgaj^eajj* a. pj]^; . flenni^n.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALT,, SATURDAY, JDNE 18, 1898.
SPLENDID
BODY OF
MEN SENT
General Miles Praises the
Troops Now on the
Way to Cuba.
Delay in the Departure Gave the
Cubans a Good Opportunity
to Co-operate.
WASHINGTON, June 17. — Major
General Miles, general In chief of the
army, accompanied by Colonel ilaus,
Major Davis and Colonel Greenleaf of
his staff, arrived In Washington to-day
after having directed the departure of
the first army of invasion of Cuba.
General Miles looked hale and hearty,
despite the three weeks Incessant work
of bringing order out of chaos in the
hurriedly concentrated army. He con
ferred with Secretary Alger for half an
hour before the Cabinet meeting and
then had a long talk with General Lud
lnpton, quartermaster general, on the
condition of the quartermaster's sup
plies. Speaking in a general way, of
his observations, General Miles said:
"Having spent some time witfc the
troops during a trying period of hur
rled preparations, I am glad to say that
they are a splendid body of men, which
the country may well be proud of. As
to the regulars, they are the finest
corps in the world without any excep
tion, in physical development, efficien
cy, experience, discipline, marksman
ship, equipment and all that goes to
make up first-class soldiers. Of course,
the volunteer army is not so well equip
ped. Some of the States sent men into
the field in very good condition, notably
Massachusetts and New York. Others
sent their quotas without arms, equip
ment or clothing. They were not sol
diers at all, only employed men. It
takes time to make soldiers of these
men. There must be uniforms, arms,
ammunition, equipment, camp equip
page, tentage, transportation and hos
pital supplies. Th^n, in addition, they
have to have ordnance, artillery, siege
trains, entrenching tools, horse equip
ment, engineering appliances of all
kinds, balloon appliances, etc.
"After that comes the moving of an
army across the sea, with all the dan
gers' and vicissitudes of an ocean voy
age. T"he work, with Its infinite detail,
has been carried out, I am glad to say,
with a fair degree of success and the
command of 15,000 men under General
Shafter moved away with an outburst
of patriotic enthusiasm which over
came the trials they had passed
through."
General Miles' attention was directed
to the reports coming from Tampa of
great confusion and delay in prepar
ing the expedition and getting it off for
Cuba.
"Yes," said he, "there were causes
contributing to this delay. In the first
place, the postoffice service at these
points of army concentration is very
deficient. They have the same facilities
and no more, as the local towns have
when normal conditions exist. When
20,000 to 50,000 man are added to the
population of the small towns, and all
the men are sending end receiving let
SILENCING A SPANISH FORT IN GUANTANAMO.
ters from their friends and relatives at
home, besides the large amount of oftl
ciaJ business carried on, the local post
office facilities are entirely Inadequate.
That has been one of the troubles at
Tampa. Chickamauga and other places,
and as a result the official communica
tion to and from the War Department
on which depend the regularity of
movement of many kind of stores, has
been seriously delayed. Then, in gath
ering tlie munitions of war for an
army, it was necessary to have the ser
vice of a great number of trains loaded
with stores, crowding the meager rail
road lines far beyond their usual capac
ity. However, this is being straighten
ed out now and nearly all of it has
been oven-ome.
'The troops at Tampa are In very
good health, both those who went for
ward with General Shafter and those
still remaining. The sick list is less
than 1 per cent, which is an exception
ally goo.l record. The spirit of the men
also is of the best, and this was shown
In a most marked manner when the
transports started for Cuba last Tues
day. They were all anxious to go and
there wire wild scenes of enthusiasm
and cheering as the men marched
aboard anil the ships got under way.
Whenever a band played the national
air, every head was uncovered. The
men seemed to realize the Importance
of their enterprise, as well as the pa
triotic responsibility it involved.
"There have been many very splen
did acts of heroism, even in the brief
time the troops have been employed,"
continued General Miles. "Lieutenant
Rowan, now lieutenant colonel, and
Lieutenant Wilcox, now captain, in
making their journey to Eastern Cuba
and Porto Rico, gave splendid illus
trations of the courage, fortitude and
resources of the American soldier.
Three expeditions which carried arms
to the Cubans have developed the fin
est kind of courage. Captain Connell
and Lieutenant Crawford, who partici
pated In these expeditions, were with
the Cubans during a sharp engagement
with the enemy. Captain Dorst's sev
eral expeditions have been of great
service to the Government, his last one
in particular being important in re
sults. He started from Key West, but
Instead of going direct to Cuba he went
north and east of Nassau, then turned
south and landed in Cuba at a port
called Banes.
"It has been hold by the Cubans and
is a good harbor, with about twenty
feet of water. Protected by a small
gunboat Captain Dorst landed a steam
er's load of supplies for the Cuban
army, including: 7500 rifles, over a mil
lion cartridges and a great quantity of
stores. A thousand Cubans came to
him while there.
"The special Importance of this trip,
however, was In opening direct com
munication between General Garcia
In the editorial rooms of the Herald in New York and The Call in San
Francisco were duplicate sheets of this paper. The artist read off to the
operator in the cable office in Kingston the tracing of his drawing, nam
ing each square as the lines crossed it. When the message was received
in New York an artist followed the description from square to square and
the outline sketch developed under his hand until it was a counterpart of
the picture in the cable office in Kingston, 1500 miles away. In like man
ner the message was Hashed across the continent, to San " Francisco and . a
Call artist, following the lines again over the squares, saw before him a per
fect outline of the picture drawn two days before. on the waters of Guan
tanamo Bay while the echoes of the big guns were still , ringing in the air.
When the sketch was filled out and given the necessary shading and finish-
it fyr £r,iatiiifia,ud£ub ljcutlon sis it la sepn la, The Call .to-day.
and myself. Two of Garcia's staff of
ficers had returned from Cuba with
Rowan and came to Washington to see
me. One of these I sent to Banes with
the supplies of arms, with instructions
to General Garcia, saying I wanted him
to move all his forces to Santiago de
Cuba. He had by that time been fully
equipped by Colonel Dorst. The mes
sage to General Garcia was sent June
2, reaching him June 6, and I got his
reply by cable from Mole St. Nicholas
Juno 9. He had about 8000 armed
Cubans before he received the muni
tions of war by Captain Dorst. The
supplies sent him will enable Garcia to
adequately equip over 15,000 Cubans."
General Miles was asked for the com
munications between him and General
Garcia, and, glancing over them, he
gave their general purport. He said:
"In my communication to him, I ask
ed him to move as large a force as pos
sible to the vicinity of the harbor of
Santiago de Cuba, and to co-operate
with our army and navy on their arri
val, which I hoped would be within
a few days. He was to drive in and
harrass any Spanish troops near San
tiago de Cuba, threatening and attack
ing them at all points and preventing
any reinforcements from reaching that
point. Pending the arrival of our
troops he was to seize any positions
east or west of Santiago or both, which
could be used to advantage by our ar
tillery. He replied that he would re
gard my wishes and suggestions as or
ders and would immediately adopt
measures to concentrate his forces as
directed.
"All his subordinates are ordered to
assist in the disembarking of the
United States troops and to place
themselves under orders. General Gar
cia said he believed it possible for the
artillery positions to be taken as I had
suggested. He sent a force at once to
prevent aid and reinforcements going
to Santiago. The energy of his course
is shown by the reports of the last few
days, for I see that General Rabi and
his men have taken a strong position
just west of Santiago. While there
were unavoidable delays at Tampa,
very annoying to myself and others, I,
at least, had the consolation of know
ing that every day enabled the Cu
bans to make their march across the
country and get possession of positions
which would be of the greatest value
to our troops when they landed."
General Miles does not apprehend
any lonsrer serious delays in disembark
ing the troops on Cuban soil. The
transports have a large number of
small boats to assist in this work. The
engineering corps has large barges and
a pontoon train by which they can put
together a floating pier, so that, un
less there Is a very rough sea or the
men are compelled to disembark in the
surf, which is not anticipated, the dis
embarkation is expected to proceed
rapidly. When General Miles was
askf-f] if he expected an early fight he
answered laconically: "That's what
they've gone for."
WARSHIPS CARRYING
FLAG OF INSURGENTS.
Story That They Have Appeared in
Manila Bay and Attacked the
City From the Sea.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, June 17.— A special dis
patch from Madrid says that, accord
ing to a dispatch Just received there
from Hongkong, four warships carry
ing the flag of the Philippine insur
gents have appeared in Manila Bay and
attacked the city from the sea, in com
bination with the insurgent forces on
land.
Gifts to the Soldiers.
LOS ANGELES, June 17.— The Red
Cross Society to-day sent to Lieutenant
J. W. F. Diss, for the comfort of the
fifty-two recruits enlisted by him, a full
outfit, consisting of bandages, Manila
caps, eiderdown caps, field pillows and
comfort bags.
Buying Food at Barbadoes.
Copyrighted, isns by James Gordon Bennett.
RARBADOES, June 17.— The Spanish
Government is buying food stuffs here
for Cuba and Porto Rico.
Read the thrilling story, "How I
Helped Lieutenant Cushing Destroy
the Confederate Ram Albemarle,"
by one of the survivors of that heroic
exploit, in next Sunday's Call.
CHRISTINA
READY TO
ABDICATE
Spain's Queen Regent Was
Persuaded to Delay
Retirement.
But Now It Is Believed She Willi
Soon Renounce Her Rights In
Favor of Isabella.
Copyrighted. IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett
MADRID, June 17. — The news con
cerning the abdication of the Queen
Regent of Spain, which was given by
the Temps without details, was very
half-heartedly denied In the Madrid
press to-day.
The Queen Regent, much depressed
by the sad condition of the country and
the Spanish people's lack of sympathy
for her, made up her mind a fortnight
ago to renounce her rights and title as
regent in favor of the Infanta Isabella,
a sister of th late King Alfonso XII.
This Princess, who is Spanish in heart
and mind, is much beloved throughout
the kingdom. The Queen Regent
thoueht that by fielding the regency to
her she would disarm the adversaries
of the existing reerime and rally all the
sympathies around the little King.
She even formed the resolution of quit
ting Spain for a lime after her abdica
tion with her two daughters, leaving
the young sovereign to reign and the
new regent.
She summoned Premier Sagasta and
eloquently laid her plan before him.
This occurred on Wednesday last. A
ministerial council was held, after
which all the members visited the
POPULISTS IN
OPEN REVOLT
••Middle of the Roaders"
Have Bolted.
ARE LED BY MILTON PARKE
WILL HOLD AN INDEPENDENT
CONVENTION. \
No Overtures Looking Toward Fusion
Will Be Made Dy the Beg
ular National Com
mittee.
OMAHA, June 17.— The so-called na
tional organization committee of the
People's party, of which Milton Parke
of Dallas. Tex., is chairman, and which
was chosen at the Nashville conference
of the "middle-of-the-roaders" on July
4 last, about all its members being edi
tors of the so-called National Reform
Press Association, has decided to bolt
outright and call an independent con
vention to be held on September 4 at
Cincinnati for the purpose of reorganiz
ing the People's party.
The call was issued this evening as
the result of the two meetings held
following the adjournment of the Pop
ulist committee. It was drafted joint
ly by Milton Parke, Wharton Barker
of Philadelphia, who is the middle-of
the-road candidate for President in 1900,
and J. A. Parker of Louisville, Ky.,
secretary of the Refrom Press Associa
tion.
Shortly after 5 o'clock this morning
ADVERTISEMENTS. <
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦-♦•
A GREAT SUCCESS. I
: ||i| Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ♦
JPr Adds Another to Its Thou- t
: Jjflailiß sands of Cures. :j
■ QPfrP^ilslF Electricity is truly a won. +
Bj^jSSa derful remedy. It is good for +
. . OJ^j^r nervous troubles, for all +/;
; jgJBHBII kinds of pains and aches, +:■
sH? |||§ for weakness, kidney and +
m a stomach complaints. Dr.
Bm WB Sanden's Electric Belt never +.
9B W fails to cure these troubles. +
; s^^|"^S3 READ THIS LETTER. +
Roseburg, Or., June 10, 189 S. +
DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: In answer to yours of the Bth instant, will say your Belt .x,
■ has been a success with me. my case being a stagnant : circulation, producing a cold ~
chilliness. Am all right In this respect ' now. Have not used It for' three months. +"
and It is being 'used by my son, : Prof essor J. O. Goble, for sleeplessness and ncr- .
vous prostration, with marked success. " I cannot recommend it too highly. Yours, "ty
etc. - . . CAPT. G. GOBLE. /.f"
THOUSANDS Of CURES. -♦■
It has cures . in . every town In the West. It gives new life to the "T' 1
■ blood and nerves, filling every organ of the body with health and T
. strength. Call and see it, or send for Dr. Sanden's free book, with full ♦>+.
information. • r'-f, : i+J-
T.P A T QANFIFN ■♦ — — — -* +
Ut\. A. 1. OAnUEill, NOT IN DRUG STORES. t
702 Market Street, Corner Ke»rny, San Fnnolteo. . . ' ■: : ~ ; :
Office hours, 8 A. M. to 8 P. M.; Sundays. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ' -f '
10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 204V4 > Is never sold In drug stores -f.
• South Broadway: Portland, Or., 263 Washing- nnr hv traveling pnt>i I
. ton street: Denver, Col., 931 Sixteenth street: ■ Dor b> .traveling agents. +
Dallas. Tex.. 255 Main street. . ;•; ; ■ it — — ♦ '4»
Queen Regent to beg her to give tin th"«
scheme for the present. They told her ,
that under the present circumstances
her abdication -would seem like flight
and would be very badly construed by,
the country.
Premier Sagasta was so persuastvaf
that he obtained the following replyj!
from the Queen Regent:
"I admit you are right, str; but I do^l
not altogether give up my plan. I only};
postpone it."
I have also been informed this after< 1
noon of a very significant fact. Gen*i
eral Sachls, the young King's military,'
tutor, who occupies apartments in tha:
palace, has also private apartments in»!
the Calle de la Caiz. These apart
merits have been ffhut up for two years*
and a half, but on Monday upholster
ers were at work making the place
habitable. Neighbors conclude from;
this that the King's tutor is about to
leave the palace and resume possession
of his private apartments, and see inj
the incident the prelude to radical i
changes at the royal palace.
What is going on or what will hap*
pen is what every one anxiously asks,
especially as the Republicans and Car
lists are beginning to bestir them-
selves in a way which is very disquiets
ing for the future of Alfonzo's crown.
the conference of the Populist National^
Committee adjourned without day. The
final outcome was the practical rout of
the "middle-of-the-road" crowd under'
the leadership of Milton Parke, although
the liberal wing made some concessions.,
The last conference held last night
was on the admission of J. R. Sover
eign as a proxy delegate from lowa.
This was final]/ dropped, and the com
mittee got down to work on the main,
report of the conference committee.
This was modified in some of its mala
points and adopted.
There will be no convention in 1899
to outline the policy of the party, but
in 1900 there will be an early conven
tion to nominate a national ticket, the
same to be held prior to the Demo
cratic Convention. No overture look
ing to fusion will emanate from the
National Committee and none will be
received and entertained by It. The Na
tional Committee is required to keep
hands off in State campaigns; or, if its
assistance be invited it may interfere
only on behalf of the Populist ticket
and not to assist in fusion. In sending
out the call for the convention the
chairman and the secretary must make
clear the terms as laid down in this
compromise.
The effort to force Chairman Butler
to resign proved futile, and he will con
tinue to act until the next national con
vention in 1900.
NAVAL CADET POWELL *
GIVEN A PROMOTION.
Searched for Hobson and His Crevf
Under the Guns of Santiago
Batteries. »
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The Secre
tary of the Navy has decided on the
method of recognizing the services of
Naval Cadet Joseph Wright Powell,
who held a steam launch under the
bluffs at the entrance to Santiago har
bor under the continuous fire of the
Spanish batteries on both shores, while
searching for the crew of the Merri
mac. The papers already have been
made out, advancing Powell one year
to the rank of ensign, and three num-i
bers in that list. Powell's promotion
will be immediately put in the hands
of the President, who will forward it
to Congress.
34
SUPPORTS THE
QUARRY POOL
Stockton's Council Bars
Folsom Rock.
ITS ACTION NOT IN FAVOR
COST OF STREET BUILDING IS
INCREASED.
Citizens Complain Because They Are
Compelled to Put Money Into
the Pockets of tha
Combine.
tp»ctal PlFrateh to The Call.
STOCKTON, June 17.— Pronounced
dissatisfaction <xists among a major
ity "f the property owners of this city
over the action of the City Council in
striking out Folsom rock in street
work, against the opinion of the City
Engineer and those officials beat In
formed upon the subject of street build
ing.
During the year ISP6 and the earlier
months of last year Stockton built four
miles of beautiful and substantial
streets, and the burden fell lightly
upon property owners, thanks to the
extremely low figure at which the prod
uct of the State plant at Folsom was
delivered to contractors. The power
of the quarry monopoly was efCectually
broken and this . iiy was the first to
reap the benefits. After the defeat of
the quarrymen's lobby in the last Leg
islature, the efforts to discredit the rock
were continued, but so long as the for
mer City Council, consisting of Messrs.
Qulnn, Koch, I^ang. Martin and Bur
ton, remained in office the efforts to'
change the specifications on street work
were of no avail.
A new Council, consisting of Messrs.
Wagner, Neumlller, Harrison, Williams
and Qulnn, came into office last July,
pledged to the most rigorous economy.
The fact that the four former mem
bers are responsible for an attempt to
discredit the Folsom rock is a Joke
which property owners can hardly ap
preciate.
The majority of the Council began
the attack on the rock and played into
the hands of the quarrymen shortly af
ter assuming the municipal reins. On
October SO a local paper, which, before
that time, was friendly to the Coun
cil, made the following announcement:
The amended speculations for the im
provement of American street, between
"Veber avenue and Main street, were
adopted at the meeting held last evening.
• • * This work will make an opening
for the hungry quarrymen who have tried
for two years to break down the State
ruck crushing plant at Folsom, but failed
because resolute State officers stood
against them and thwarted their efforts
to change the laws to their ends.
The provision In the specification which
openly declared that Folsom rock should
not be used wus stricken out, but the new
requirement just as effectually prevents
the use of the State rook. Councilman
Quinn, who, at the previous meeting, had
opposed the change and upheld the State
Industry, wbm absent last evening.
Councilman Quinn, who is beyond
doubt the b^st acquainted with the va
rious qualities of rock, says the main
objection urged ag-ainst the Folsom
product is that upon thoroughfares
traveled to any considerable extent the
rock grinds and eventually blows away
or leaves depressions In the crown of
the etreet which permit of ax-cumula
tions of water, and this in time under
mines the entire base. Mr. Quinn con
siders this no argument against Fol
som rock, and contends with City En
gineer Compton that the fault lies in
the manner in which the rock is put
down. This was done in the follow
ing manner: First, a layer of heavy
rock was spread and rolled. This was
followed by a layer of smaller rock,
perhaps averaging an inch and a half
screen. Upon this came a layer of
fine rock, almost dust. Under the
heavy rolling it became dust and, al
though assuming a hard surface under
the roller it ground under heavy traffic,
just as any other rock would do, and
the surface contemplated by the speci
fications was not in every Instance ob
tained.
It is eontpn'led that this third qual
ity has do place on the street, and in
Its place the rock used In the middle
layer should be allowed to fill up the
required depth and It would have suf
ficient resistance to allow the packing
process to become complete.
City Engineer Compton Is a firm j
friend of Folsnm rock, but It would |
seem there is an influence stronger than :
his professional opinion at work in the |
Council.
The Council has not been content to
strike a blow In favor of the rock mo
nopoly. Th«^ cost has been saddled !
upon the people by increasing the cost]
Of street building about $210 a block.
Reference has been made to the
American street job. The street is
finished and at present It appears
neither better nor worse than the Fol
som-rock streets.
As "figures talk," a comparative
statement will best phnw the injustice;
the "reform" Council is doing the peo- i
pie of Stockton. Illustrative of the
coat of Folsoin rock one may take
Park, between Harrison and Madison
streets, which was done with Folsom j
rock. This cost $1.1512 per front foot.
A lot of fifty feet, accordingly, about
5.Y7 56. The straight rock work here
was 39.39 feet wide, and the cost of the
block, of double :<OO feet, without Inter
sections, etc., was $690 72.
Now take the str.eet and make the
width 55.56 feet, bo as to make the com
parison With Amrrican street true. This
■width would hnve cost $1,623 a foot,
$S1 15 a lot and $973 SO for the block.
Now take the American street block
where the Benlcla quarry rock was
used. This cost $1.96 a foot, or 34 cents
more than Park street. The cost was
$17 more on the front of a fifty-foot lot
and something over $°04 on the block,
not counting Intersections.
All of the contracts let this year, with
the pxoeptinn of some work on San
Joaquln street, has called for rock other
than that obtainable at the State
quarry, this, too, in face of the fact
that this rock can be laid down here
at 79 cents per yard. Center street,
from Mormon Channel to South street,
Is being done by Clark & Henery with
the Cordelia rock; Madison, from Oak
to Flora, by W. J. Comfort with Be
nicia rock.
It Is alleged thepo contractors are the
sole agents for the rock they are us
ing, and that some understanding ex
ists among the quarrymen whereby
only favored ones can find the rock re
quisite for the work under the new
specifications. George W. Bldwell put
in a bid upon some work recently 'and
made arrangements to got the Laundry
Farm rock, but somehow the owners
found it impossible to supply the rock.
Every advantage has been taken by the
rock dealers of the action of the City
Council. It has been valuable to them
as an entering wedge and the libel on
Folsom rock Is being circulated in other
places with a view of discouraging the
use of th* 3 Folsom product.
The people here have not repudiated
the ruck. The private quarrymen
would be charging double prices now.
them down. The firßt "kick" was made
in the Council, not by the people, but
by certain members and contractors.
The objections made were weak, indeed.
The people are moving to find out why
they are being thus taxed for the ben
efit of private companies, while the
State maintains a plant to obviate this
injustice, and encourage the building at
a small expense of public thorough
fares, __^__^___^_
RESULTS OF THE RACES.
Placed Horses in Events at the East
ern Tracks. ,
CHICAGO, June 17.— Six furlongs, Miss
Wise won, Bethlehem Star second, Trilby
third. Time, 1:18%. **
One mile, Roger won. Fresco second,
Pitfall third. Time, 1:45%.
Six and a half furlongs, Pearl "Walker
won, Nannie Davis second, Good Friend
third. Time, 1:24^.
Four and a half furlongs. Batten won.
Rose L second, The Dragon third. Time,
:56%.
Four and a half furlongs, Ollie Dlxon
won. Plnar del Rio second, Necedah
third. Time, 1:44.
Six furlongs. King Bermuda won, Mar
oni second. Weird third. Time, 1:16%:
LATONIA, Ky.. Juno- 17.— One and a
Btxteentb miles, selling, Lyllis won, El
sina second. Dr. Pitts third. Time, 1:49%.
Five furlongs, Glad Hand won. May M
M second, May lie So third. Time, 1:02%.
One mile, selling. Commerce won, Calus
second, Dr. Stewart third. Time. 1:42%.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling, Don
cella won, llldago second. Planet third.
Time, 1:43%.
Four and a half furlongs, Paca won,
Prince Dudley second. Press KimbaJl
third. Time, M.
One mile, selling, Virgle won, Roy del
Mar second, Motilla third. Time, 1:42.
ST. LOUIS, June 17.— Six furlongs. Zar
razo won, Miss Lizzie second, Sansaba
R third. Time, 1:20.
Five furlongs. Bessie Ewlng won, Lady
Memphis second. Iris third. Time, l:0S.
Six and a half furlongs, selling. Rebel
Jack won. Xalissa second, Kmpress
Josephine third. Time, 1:27.
Six furlongs. The Elector won, Abuse
second, Silver Set third. Time. 1:17%.' .
Five and a half furlongs, Arline C won,
Ollle S second, Foxey third. Time, I:43 V*.
One mile, Reuben Rowett won, Russel
la second, Helen H. Gardiner third.
Time, 1:49%.
DETROIT, June 17.— First race, six fur
longs. Gainsay won, Dunbarton second,
Volida third. Time, 1:15%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs,
Welter won, Amah second, Thanatopsis
third. Time, :56%.
Third race, selling, six furlongs, Onagon
won, Asterling eecond, Earl Fonso third.
Time, 1:15.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs, Chang
won. Pearl second, Nicholas third. Time,
1:14%\
Fifth race, selling, one mile and a quar
ter Royal Choice won. Traveler second,
Distant Shot third. Time, 2:08%.
Sixth race, six furlongs, Storm King
won. Old Saugus second, The Duchess
third. Time. 1:14%.
DENVER, June 17.— Pacing, Clatawah
won third, fourth and fifth i heats and
race. Time, 2:15%, 2:14, -.-4%. Athol
Wllkes took first and second heats. Time,
2:14, 2:12%. Aelse, Bill Nye, Irvlngton
Belle, Carmlno, Simon Guggenheim and
Ratatat also started.
Trotting, Electric Light : won. Lady
Bowmont second. Best time, 2:17%. Ar
menian. Respond, Johnnie Trouble, La
Gratitude, Belvidere and Arial also
started.
Five furlongs. La Mascotta won. Oak
leaf second, Dazimoor third. Time, 1:02.
lye furlongs, Rubicon won, Dorah
Wood second. Bill Howard third. Time,
1:01.
Six furlongs, Willmeter won. Watch
the Scales second, Powhusky third. Time,
1:17.
•
HAGGIN YEARLINGS SOLD.
Burns & Waterhouse Purchase Sev-
eral of the Youngsters.
KGW YORK, June 17.— A iasge crowd
of horsemen gathered to-day at the East
ern sale paddocks at Sheepshead Bay, the
Haggln yearlings being sold at auction.
Horses selling for $500 or better were:
B. c. by Goldflnch-Abilene, S. S. Williamson,
$850.
B c, by Goldflnch-Aella, John H. Morris,
$:000.
B c, by Hanover-Auranta, P. Wilson. $1750.
B. c, by Presto-Beeswing, Burns & Water
bouse, $500.
Oh. c. by Golden Garter- Bundera, J. T.
Sloan, $850.
Ch. c by Goldflnch-Corlna, A. S. William
son, $2000.
Ch f , by Goldflnch-Carissima, W. I* Pow
ers. $7SO.
B. c, by Sir Ilodred-Dlxionne, M. W. Bar
rick, 51025".
B. i., by Golden Carter-Explosion, Marcus
Daly, $750.
Ch. c, by Btar nuby-Enlalflora, J. T. Sloan,
I ■■■.
B. f., by Star Ruby-Flora Dare, J. 11. Mor
ris. $1200.
("h c . by Golden Garter-Florida, J. Mc
laughlin. $2600.
Oh. c, by Golden Gaxter-Fusee, Burns &
Wafrhoupe. $*00.
Ch. c, by Islinjton-Ira. W. M. Barriok. $:.23.
Ch. c. by Sir Modred-Katrine, S. S. William
son, $1600.
B. c, by July-Lady Mlddleton, A. J. Joyner,
$60«.
B. c, by Artillery-Linda Vista, A. J. Joy
ner, $775.
■£:\\. c. by Mldlothian-I»leta, Burns & Water
h..u?e, $1000.
B. c, by Bassetlaw-LiUlu, J. H. Morris. $1100.
Ch. c. by Guldnnch-Lydla, Burns & Wat'-T
huuae, $1000.
BEST GAME OF THE YEAR.
Cincinnati Beats Chicago in the Four-
teenth Inning.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs- W. L. Pet. | Clubs— W. L. Pot.
Cincinnati ..34 15 .694:Xew Y0rk. ..26 23 .631
BoFton 32 18 .640 ' Philadelphia 19 27 .409
Cleveland ...30 18 .625 Brooklyn ...19 27 ,4M
Baltimore ...27 19 .587 Washington 19 31 .850
Chicago 27 23 .640 ■ St. L0ui5.... 17 31 .861
Pittsbnrg ...21 23 .631 ' Louisville ...15 36 .234
CHICAGO, June 17.— The leaders and
the Orphans struggled through fourteen
long Innings to-day, the visitors finally
winning out In the most exciting game of
the year. Attendance 5300. Score:
Clubß— R. H. E.
Chicago 16 5
Cincinnati 2 10 i
Batteries — Woods and Donahue; Hill and
Woods. I'mplres— Emslle and Curry.
NEW YORK, June 17.— Roth Brooklyn
and Baltimore played poorly to-day. The
home team won through their ability to
hit the ball just at the time the ex-cham
pions made errors. Attendance 1500.
Score:
Clubs— R. U- E.
Brooklyn S 10 4
Baltimore 6 8 8
Batteries— Dunn and Ryan; Mushes and Rob
inson. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
NEW YORK, June 17.— Donahue lasted
three innings, and Dunkle, who was sub
stituted, was the easiest mark the ele
vated road has hauled to Harlem this
season. The Phillies were able to bunch
three hits off Meakln in one Inning. At
tendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. n. K.
Philadelphia 4 11 b
New York : 16 12 1
Batteries— Donahue, Dunkle and Fisher; Mee
kln and AVarner. Umpires— Cushman and
Heydler.
ST. LOUIS! June 17.— The Browns won
to-day's game by hitting the ball at op
portune times. The Colonelß played a
listless game in the field. Attendance 2500.
Bcore:
Clubs— H. H. E.
St. Louis 8 7 1
Louisville 3 9 5
Batteries — Taylor and Sudden; Cunningham
and Powers. Umpires — Swartwood and Wood.
BOSTON, June 17.— Washington won out
to-day in a close, hard-fought, interesting
game. Willis' pitching was of the highest
order, and would have meant victory had
the visitors been less determined. At
tendance 6000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 4 S 8
Boston 3 12 1
Batteries— Mercer -and Farrell; Willis and
Bergen. Umpires — Lynch and Anderson.
Spokane and Seattle Win.
SPOKANE. June Score: - :i - •
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Bpokano •» .....'..'........10 14 5
Tacoma • • 6 8 4
SEATTLE, June 17.— Score:
. Clubs- R. H. E.
Seattle •...— - 7 11? 3
Portland »—...-..... .....~~ M .. 2 5., 6
m
For a Federal Building at Seattle.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— 1n the Sen
ate to-day a bill providing for the erec
tion of - a Government | building In Seat
tle, Wash., at a cost not exceeding $500,
000, was passed, j
—■ m ■
Gladstone, the Man of the Century,
By Walter Besant.
In next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FTIAXCISCO CALL, SATUEDAY, JUKE I<S, 1898.
MOB LYNCHES
FOUR NEGROES
Triple Murder . Avenged
in Alabama.
TROOPS ARRIVE TOD LATE
ONE OF THE CULPRITS MAKES
CONFESSION.
He and His Companions Hanged to
a Tree and Their Bodies
Riddled With
Bullets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTGOMERY, Ala., June 17.— Four
of the five negroes taken from the jail
at Wetumpka last night were hanged
this morning at a point ten miles from
Wetumpka and thirty-two miles from
the scene of their crime. The four were
Sol Jackson, Lewis Shier, Jesse Thomp
son and Camp Reese. The troops from
here did not succeed in locating the
prisoners, as the country is hilly,
rough and wooded. The most of the
night and this morning were spent by
the mob in a sort of trial, investigat
ing the crime and getting at the guilty
ones.
The four negroes who were hanged
confessed to having participated in the
murder of Mr. and Mrs. Carden and
Carlo, and one of them told where he
had hidden the money. He was com
pelled to find it, and, in a few minutes,
near the scene of the crime, all four
were swung up and their bodies rid
dled with bullets.
The militia was unable to follow the
mob last night, as its members were all
well mounted and no means of con
veyance were at hand to take the sol
diers after them. This morning when
efforts to find the negroes were re
newed news came over the telephone
from Wetumpka that they had been dis
covered swinging from a limb.
FATAL RIOTS IN
AUSTRIAN GALICIA
There Has Also Been an Outbreak of
Albanians Near the Frontier
of Montenegro.
CRACOW, Austrian Galicia, June 17.—
The situation in Gorlice, in connection
with the anti-Semitic excesses, is one
of the most serious character. Bands of
men from other districts have re-enforced
the petroleum workers and peasants of
Gorlice and are attacking, plundering and
burning public buildings. They have at
tacked the towns of Biecz and Gordice,
which had to be defended by troops.
LEMBERG, Austrian Galicia, June 17.—
Gangs of peasants yesterday attacked
and plundered the Jewish shops atFenyz
tak, near Rzossow, and wounded several
Jev.% The police fired on the mob, kill-
Ing six of the rioters and wounding five
more.
CONSTANTINOPLE, June 17.— The out
break of the Albanians at Berane, near
the frontier of Montenegro, the gravity
of which is comparable to the troubles
preceding the Servia-Montenegro war
against Turkey In 1876, is duo to revenge
taken by some of the Christians upon the
Albanian murderers of a Christian notable
last autumn. The Albanians in remote
districts participated in the recent out
rages.
In consequence of the renewed repre
sentations of Montenegro, supported by
Russia, the Sultan has dispatched troops
to the disturbed districts from Uskub.
There was fighting all day Thursday and
many were killed or wounded on both
sides. According to the- Cettinje advices
many women and children who were flee
ing toward Montenegro have been killed
by Albanians.
CETTINJE, Montenegro, June 17.— The
earlier reports that the Turks had re
sumed the work of burning villages are
fully confirmed. In the Berano district
of Albania 700 houses belonging to Ser
vian Christians have been burned.
The Turks are committing horrible
atrocities, and two Servian women have
T>een barbarously murdered.
JULIETTE ATKINSON
THE TENNIS QUEEN.
Defeats Marian Jones of Nevada
in a Brilliant Contest at
Philadelphia.
PIIIL,ADEI,PHIA, June 17.— Miss Juli
ette Atkinson of New York to-day at the
Philadelphia cricket grounds again won
the ladies' national tennis championship,
defeating Miss Marian Jones of Nevada
in a brilliant and close contest, C— 3, 5—7,
6—i, 2—6, 7—5.
The contestants were evenly matched,
but experience and endurance told. Miss
Atkinson was much the stronger at the
end of the three hours' fast playing-. Both
played a base line game throughout, sel
dom coming up to the net. Miss Jones'
defeat is largely due to her physical weak
ness after the second set.
The third set was very faat, and the
pace began to tell upon the stocky little
girl from the first. IHirlng the final set
Miss Jones was only one point from the
match and the championship, but Miss
Atkinson tied her and beat her out each
time. In the ninth game of the set a
brilliant play took place which was
spoiled by the ball In play hitting a ball
lying In Miss Jones' court. At that time
Miss Jones needed but one point to win,
and her supporters groaned as the chance
faded away. Miss Atkinson then won the
next four games and the match by fast
playing.
In the mixed doubles, championship
round Miss C. B. Neely of Chicago and E.
P. Fischer of New York beat Miss Helen
Chapman and J. B. Hill of Philadelphia,
6-2, 6-4.
WORLD'S RECORDS FALL.
Eddie McDuffle's Great Ride in a
Thirty-Mile Race.
BOSTON, June 17.— The world's bicycle
records once again went by the board
from the ninth to the thirtieth mile to
day, when Eddie McDuffle easily defeated
Major Taylor of Brooklyn at the Charles
River Park in a paced thirty-mile race.
From the atart to about the fifteenth mile
it was a hot event, but after that time
Taylor did not show up well against the
work of MoDuffie. McDuttVs miles after
the eighteenth were at a 1:56 clip.
McDuftie's time for each mile from nine
up: nine, l. r >:5S 4-5; ten, 17:49 4-5; eleven
19:30 1-5; twelve, 21:26 4-5; thirteen, 23:14 2-5'
fourteen, 25:0H; fifteen, 26:51; sixteen,
28:45 1-5; seventeen, 30:34 3-5; eighteen,
32:28 2-6; nineteen, 34:21 1-5; twenty, 36:18;
twenty-one, 38:12 4-5; twenty-two, 40:05;
twenty - three, 41:57 2-5; twenty - four
43:48 3-5; twenty-five, 45:33; twenty-six,
47:27 2-5; twenty-seven, 49:24 3-5; twenty
eight, 51:18 1-5; twenty-nine. 53:13; thirty,
55:09 1-5.
McDuffle's time for the thirty miles Is
1 minute 25 4-5 seconds better than the
previous record.
Eddie Bald Shut Out.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. V., June 17.—Ed
die Bald of Buffalo started in both pro
fessional events at Edwards Park to-day,
but was shut out In the final of th« milo
open, and failed to qualify In tha two
mlle event. Results:
One mlla, open— O. Stevens •won, ' Aker spc
ond. McFarland third. Time, 2:17..
Two-mile open— McFarland won, Aker 'sec
ond, Brecker third. Time, 5:28 1-5. ..;
«.
White Remains in Washington.
WASHINGTON, June 17. — Senator
White has decided not to make the trip
to California at present, ■; His family will
Jea,Y9 i»n jawdftyf, „ - . ";' ; s.._ ;
OPPOSITION
GAINS DELAY
Annexation Talk in the
Senate Held Back.
POSTPONED UNTIL MONDAY
SPEECHES TO BE MADE AGAINST
THE RESOLUTION.
The Discussion to Be Opened by
Senator White, Who Will Be
Followed by Petti
grew.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— Only about
fifteen minutes' time was consumed
by the Senate Foreign Relations Com
mittee to-day in reaching a conclu
sion to report the resolutions for the
acquisition of the Hawaiian Islands by
the United States. Only two of the
Democratic members, Turpie and Mills,
were present at the meeting and they
contented themselves by recording their
votes in opposition to a motion to re
port favorably, showing no disposition
to delay action by the committee. The
Republicans voted in the negative and
Senator Davis stated he was author
ized to cast the vote of Senator Mor
gan (D.) In the affirmative. The fact
developed that while the resolution first
received the sanction of the House, it
was prepared by Senator Davis, and
no disposition was manifested to
change it in any respect.
It is already becoming evident that
the reported understanding among the
members of the finance committee
reached during the pendency of the
war revenue bill to the effect that the
Hawaiian resolution should not come
up for consideration during the pres
ent Congress, will cut an important
figure in the consideration of the ques
tion in the Senate. This matter was in
formally presented to the Republican
members of the committee in behalf of
the Democrats after the adjournment
of the committee meeting to-day and
they were informed that the Demo
cratic members of the finance commit
tee were generally disposed to contend
that the agreement was explicit to the
effect that the Hawaiian question
should not be revived in the Senate
during the present session. Pome of the
Republican members of thy Foreign
Relations Committee stated that they
had never before heard of the agree
ment, but all manifested a disposition
to investigate the matter.
In the executive session of the Sen
ate, held late in the day, an agreement
was reached to adjourn over until Mon
day, thus postponing the taking up of
the annexation question until that time.
The action was taken on motion of
Senator Jones of Arkansas, who stated
that the opponents of the annexation
resolution desired the extra time in
which to prepare themselves for the
Hawaiian debate. He stated that they
had supposed that the debate would be
initiated by the advocates of the reso
lutions, but that having heard that they
intended to make no speeches he
though the opposing party should not
be expected to begin so abruptly.
Senator Morgan at first opposed the
motion, contending for the necessity of
a session to-morrow, but he afterward
yielded and the motion prevailed.
Senator Davis said that under the cir
cumstances he would Insist upon a Sat
urday session, but that he hoped that
when the resolution should be taken
up Monday the matter would be pro
ceeded with expeditiously. The inci
dent served to bring out the fact that
it is the purpose of the friends of the
resolution not to debate it at all.
The discussion will bo opend Mon
day by Senator White, who will be fol
lowed by Senator Pettigrew.
NEWLANDS' RESOLUTION
REPORTED TO SENATE
White Gives a Hint of His Opposition
to the Annexation of
Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, Juno 17.— The Foreign
Relations Committee, through Davis, the
chairman, to-day reported favorably to
the Senate the Newlands resolution for
the annexation of the Hawaiian Islands.
Davis announced his purpose of calling up
the resolution to-morrow for considera
tion, but as the Senate decided later to
adjourn until Monday, the debate upon
the resolution will not begin until tiia.t
time.
White indicated that he would lead the
opposition to annexation by requesting
Davis to* repeat his statement, the Cali
fornia Senator not having heard it. After
Davis hod repeated his announcement
Whits resumed his seat, evidently satis
fied.
The bill to incorporate the International
American Bank, in accordance with the
recommendation of the Pan-Ajnerican
Congress, which has occupied a greater
part of the Senate's time this week, was
passed this afternoon by a vote of 26 to
23. The design of the measure is to fur
nish such banking and exchange facilities
as will promote trade between the United
States and the countries of Central and
South America. The bill provides that the
bank shall have a capital stock of $5,000,
000, and that the capital stock may be
increased to $2"). 000, 000. The institution,
in accordance with the terms of the bill,
shall be under the supervision of the
Comptroller of the Currency, .and in the
charter of the corporation, which the bill
grants, certain privileges are accorded to
the incorporators in view of advantages
which are expected to accrue to those In
terested in trade with Southern countries.
An amendment to the bill provides that
any coteries of citizens who comply with
the requirements of this charter may or
ganize and establish an international
bank.
WOLF'S COMET SEEN.
Observed Through the Big Telescope
on Mount Hamilton.
LICK OBSERVATORY, June 17.— Wolfs
periodic comet was found at 3 o'clock this
morning by Professor W. J. Huffey with
the 3G-inch telescope. It was close to its
predicted pl&co, and wag found instantly.
No attempt has been made here to ob
serve it. The measurement of Its position
was obtained." The comet was seen with
out difficulty with the 36-inch refractor,
but it would probably be quite faint with
small telescopes. It : has a ; central con
densation and a short tail not more than
1% minutes long . The comet wis first dis
covered by Max Wolf of Heidelberg in
1884, and was rediscovered by Spitaler of
Vienna in IS9I. Its period is about seven
years. n w . • • •
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— A postofflce
haa been established at Rossland, Tuol
umne County, Cal., and Lemuel 8.. Sheaf c
appointed , postmaster; also at Senatora,
San Diego '.County, and John C. Beatty
appointed postmaster. '
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California— Edward Kennedy, ; Sacramen
to, $8; Louis Holze, San Francisco, $G;
widow, Bella Halllday, San Jose, $8; Hen
ry Kneib,' Los Angeles, $6; William Lowe,
San Jose, $10; Thomas K. Bennett, Ripon,
$8; widow, Lucyßowen,. Fresno, $8. .;,
" Oregon— David -J. Graham, Junction
City. $6 t<j $12; Xarrissa Hunt. Ashland,
$B:Zenas L. Seymour, Acme,: $G. .. ; r ':i
• Washington— Loronzo ' Belz, Snoqualmie,
$8 ; to : $io; Thomas " Lavery, Spokane, $8
to.m - . : •-■ -^
TRANSPORTS
NEARLY READY
Nero and Monadnock
Taking on Stores.
APPRENTICES IN REVOLT
DID NOT CARE TO SERVE ON
THE GRANT AND RUSH.
Navy Yard Officials Consider the
Brutus and Nero Good In
vestments for the Gov
ernment.
ISLAND NAVY YARD, June
1~. — Repairs on the transport Nero and
monitor Monadnoek are fast nearing
completion. The engines on both ships
have undergone a thorough overhaul
ing, the boilers on the Nero have been
tested and repaired, and new ventila
tors put in. She will be towed to San
Francisco by the Unadilla when her
stores are aboard. Nearly 4000 tons of
coal will be taken aboard and a ship
load now lying out in the stream will
also be towed to San Francisco.
On the Monadnock everybody is busy
putting aboard stores, and giving the
finishing touches to the engines. Very
little repair was necessary to the main
engines, but the air pumps and evapor
ators have undergone extensive
changes and the steam engineering
department with a corps of copper
smiths, have been working day and
night to have everything ready on time.
A week ago, according to orders, the
apprentice boys were transferred from
"the Pensacola to the former revenue
cutters Grant and Rush. The boys did
not like the idea of serving on such
small boats, and after a few days got
together and delegated a number to
interview the commandant with the
hope of securing their transfer back to
the Pensacola or some other ship. The
committee interviewed Admiral Kirk
land, who, after listening to the ar
gument of the lads to the effect that
they had enlisted for service in first
class naval ships and not in makeshift
gunboats, granted the request and sent
them jubilantly back to the Pensacola,
Steam was got up on the Nero
this morning and on a dock trial her
engines worked in a satisfactory man
ner. She will be towed to San Fran
cisco to-morrow and her cargo of coal,
nearly 4000 tons, placed aboard as soon
as possible. Both the Brutus and the
Nero have been good investments for
the Government. They are virtually
new ships, with large displacements,
economical with fuel, and require but
i few men to run them. The coal con
! sumption at nine to ten knots an hour
lis not over twenty tons per day. The
boilers are exceedingly large for the
! amount of power required, and were
I found to be in excellent condition.
The cruiser Philadedlphia will be
placed on the dock next Thursday for
the third time.
The sailing ship Kahne, which has
lain at anchor for a couple of weeks,
was towed to the city this afternoon
by the Unadilla, The Nero will prob
ably follow nf-xt Thursday and load
her cargo of coal.
ADDITIONAL OFFICERS
FOR THE VOLUNTEERS
Among Those Nominated Is Henry
Boynton of the District of Col
umbia for Brigadier.
WASHINGTON. June 17.— The President
to-day sent these nominations to the
Senate:
War— To be brigadier gpnernl, Henry Boyn
ton of the District of Columbia; to be assist
ant adjutant general, with the rank of major,
Charles 11. Mills of Texas.
Sixth Regiment. United States Volunteer In
fantry—To be captains. John A. lumean of
Missouri, wnilam A. Waldeck of New York,
Stuart Symington Janney of Maryland; to be
first lieutenants. Charles 11. Whitehurst, ser
gi-ant major Eighth United States Cavalry;
William Hammond, first sergeant Troop G
Eighth Cavalry.
Third Regiment, United States Volunteer In
frintry—To be assistant surgeon, with rank of
first lieutenant, James A. Toole of Georgia;
to be captain, Marion W. Harris of Georgia:
to be first lieutenant, Sidney M. Wylie of
Georgia; to be second lieutenant, Frank W.
Crenshaw.
Fourth Regiment, United States Volunteer
Infantry— To be captains, William H. Monroe
of West Virginia, Joachim Jurgonsen of the
District of Columbia; to fie first lieutenants.
Wade L. Jolley of the District of Columbia,
Wade Melliph of the District of Columbia
Horace Patten of West Virginia, William
Park of the District of Columbia: to be second
lieutenants, John A. Thayer of West Virginia,
William Peacock and William lloughton of the
District of Columbia.
Sixth Regiment— To be major, Paul E. Le
vine of Tennessee.
Seventh Regiment — To be major, James R.
Branch of Virginia.
Eighth Regiment — To be cnptnin, Charles C.
Estes of the District of Columbia; to be first
lieutenant, Frank H. Burgess of the District of
Columbia.
Ninth Regiment— To be majors, Walter D.
Bettis of Texas, Armnnd Romaine of Louisiana:
to be captains, James Cook Simpson of Ala
bama, Sidney Goode of Louisiana; to be as
sistant surgeons, with rank of first lieutenant,
James Mitchell of Pennsylvania, Joseph T.
Scott of Louisiana: to be first lieutenants, Leo
Flberger and Charles D. Wood of Louisiana.
Tenth Regiment— To be chaplain, Richard
Cnrroll of South Carolina; to be major, Erastus
Hawkins of the District of Columbia; to be
first lieutenant, Thomas Carle, late quarter
mastPr sergeant Ninth Infantry.
Navy— Thomas MeCormick Llpplt of Vir
ginia, to bo assistant surgeon In the navy.
Ordered to the Monadnock.
SEATTLE, June 17. — Lieutenant
Commander C. P. Perkins, Ensign
Douglas and Assistant Engineer Reed
were to-day ordered to report without
delay to the Monadnock and accom
pany It to Manila. When the monitor
left the Sound for San Francisco these
officers were designated to remain as
a trial board to pass on the torpedo
boat Rowan, which Moran Brothers are
building for the Government. The boat
is not yet ready for its trial trip, but
Commander Perkins and his associates
will leave to-morrow for San Fran
cisco.
Powder Shipped to Manila.
SANTA CRUZ, June 17.— The Red
Cross Society to-day presented to the
soldiers of Camp Merritt a number of
blankets, overalls, drugs, pails, etc. The
society will present a flag to the sol
diers next week. The flag will be
raised with appropriate ceremonies. The
powder company this week shipped
120,000 pounds of powder to Manila, ol
which 100,000 is brown and the balance
smokeless.
War Bonds Are Popular.
SACRAMENTO, June 17.—The war
loan proposition is quite popular in this
city. The National Bank of D. O. Mills
& Co. has already secured, In small
amounts, the sum of $14,500, and It has
taken in, in larger amounts, the sum
of $17,000. Besides the sums stated
the State has sent in $4000, whien is 2
per cent on an investment of $200,000.
No One Hurt in the Stampede.
"WASHINGTON, June 17.—A special
_tp the Star from its porrespondent .withl
the District of Columbia volunteers at
Tampa. Fla., says: "No one was hurt
by the stampede of horses in the Dis
trict camp last night."
NICARAGUA CANAL
CONSTRUCTION URGED
Senator Morgan Thinks a Bill Will
Be Framed and Passed This
Session.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— Senator Mor
gan, chairman of the Committee on the
Construction of the Nicaragua Canal,
thinks it possible to frame and consider
a bill that may pass the Senate at this
session. There is known to be a majority
of the Senate in favor of the canal, as an
abstract proposition, but so far there has
been no agreement on any proposition
submitted.
Senator Harris, a member of the Canal
Committee, says that in his opinion the
Senate will insist^ipon the absolute own
ership of the ciinfcby the Government.
DR. JEWELL HONORED.
Elected President of the Pacific Grove
Retreat Association.
PACIFIC GROVE, June 17.— The Paci
fic Grove Retreat Association held its an
nual meeting at this place last night and
a largo amount of business connected
with the moral and prudential manage
ment of Pacific Grove was transacted.
j Rev. F. P. Jewell, D.D., last year's presi
dent of the association, occupied the
chair, and the secretary, Rev. Dr. H. B.
Heacock, of Santa Clara, being absent,
Henry French of San Jose was appointed
secretary pro tern.
The annual election of officers resulted
as follows: President, F. P. Jewell, D.D. ,
Pacific Grove; secretary, H. B. }'?acock,
D.D., Santa Clara; executive committee
— F. F. Jewell D.D.; Henry French, H.
B. Heacock, D.D.; J. W« "Whiting. San
Francisco; A. L,. Kellogg; board of di
rectors—F. F. Jewell, D.D.; M. C. Briggs,
D.D.; H. B. Heacock, D.U.; A. L. Kel
logg, H. E. Williamson, Robert Bently,
D.D.; J. W. Whiting, Robert McElroy,
Henry French, George Clifford, T. B.
Hopkins.
Rev. Dr. French was unanimously
elected moral and prudential manager of
the town of Pacific Grove, vice Rev. T.
H. Sinex, D.D., deceased. The meeting
then adjourned to June 15, 1899.
REDWOOD CITY GRADUATES.
Commencement Exercises of the Se
quoia High School.
REDWOOD CITY, June 17.— A large
crowd gathered in the Alhambra Theater
to-night to witness the closing exercises
of the graduating- class of the Sequoia
High School. The address to the class
was delivered by Professor Walter Mil
ler of Stanford University. The mem
bers of the graduating class are: Roy
W. N. E. Cloud, Fannie Jane Crowe,
Ethel Allen Dodge, Ad ice Josophine Eik
tyenkotter, Redwood City; Kate Char
lotte Elmes, Belmont; John W. Fer
guson, Menlo Park; Ethel Thornton Fox,
Redwood City; Alice Louise Hammer
son, Belmont; Edward Aloysius Hansen,
Wood.side; Helena Gertrude Hansen,
Woodslde; Edward Harwood Hurlburt,
Redwood City; Howard Charles Hurl
burt, Redwood City; Matilda C. Kuck,
Menlo Park; Meta E. Kugeler, Menlo
Park; Louise A. Mourot. Redwood City;
David EL Stafford, Redwood City;
Blanche Walker, Woodside.
VETERANS ELECT OFFICERS.
War Heroes Honored at the Walla
Walla Encampment.
WALLA WALLA, Wash.. June 17.— The
G. A. R., Department of Washington and
Alaska, elected the following officers: De
partment commander, George W. Tibbetts
of Isaquah;' senior vice-commander, E.
Ely of Chewelah; junior vice-commander,
D. C. Welch of Asotin; chaplain, C. D.
Spencer of Colfax.
Department Commander Tibbetts an
nounced the following staff: Chief mus
tering officer, M. B. Scott, Spokane; medi
cal director, Dr. Freeman, Spokane; Judge
advocate, Lyman T. Knapp; inspector,
John Lelter of Colfax.
Seattle was chosen as the next place of
meeting-.
The Woman's Relief Corps elected the
following officers: Department comman
der, Clara Taylor, Seattle; treasurer,
Helen Burke, Seattle. The Sons of Vet
erans elected W. T. Cavanaugh of Olym
pia, commander.
IDENTITY OF A SKELETON.
Proves to Be- That of a Man Who
Jumped From a Train.
CHINO, June 17.— The skeleton of a man
found on the desert near Daggett by min
ers a few days ago proves to be that of
Albert Robertson, who jumped from a
Pullman car several months ago while en
route to Colton. Eugene Robertson of this
place, a brother of the deceased, has
identified the remains by a diamond clasp
pin found on the underclothing. Robert
son carried heavy life insurance, and $5000
was offered for the recovery of his re
mains.
BISMARCK'S FAILING HEALTH.
It Is Again Causing His Family and
Friends Anxiety.
LONDON, June 17.— A special dispatch
from Berlin says Prince Bismarck's
health is causing renewed anxiety. He
is reported to be suffering great pain
from inflammation of the veins of his
right leg, his daily drive has been post
poned and his sleep is broken.
Dr. Schweninger, Prince Bismarck's
physician, it is asserted, has arrived at
Friedrichsruhe, and Count Herbert Bis
marck Js expected there to-night.
Incipient Revolution in Hayti.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
. CAPE HAYTIEN, June 17.— A report
has just reached here of an incipient
revolutionary movement against the
government at Port au Prince. Two
men have been shot by direct order of
the Government for connection with
the movement.
Rend the thrilling story, "How I
Helped Lieutenant Cushing Destroy
the Confederate Bam Albemarle,"
by one of the survivors of that heroic
exploit, in next Sunday's Call.
Found Dead in His Room.
TACOMA, June 17.— John Corwin, a re
tired capitalist of Galena, 111., en route
to Alaska, was found dead in his room at
the Tacoma Hotel this afternoon. He was
C 4 years of age. Heart failure was the
cause of death.
E|^^«\^) After years and years of trial "Hud- - S %
'^ffigfrvEllL . yan" has been pronounced by the lead- '^^Bj^K^J
S^^^^^S\ In^ lights in the medical world to be -yj& % " '>- "«
ffisgMgpfr«|| the only sure and never failing specific igg ': '■■'•' w
p||»sK|sipi»|i in cases of lost or impaired vital force. n9gS£R|
JQmHKj|Hi Vitality is sapped by drains: by ex- fi^^S^BHX>j
mrw Zj^ cess: by abuse of nature's functions in- W_\ J ■
MMB i IL^H stead of sensible use of them. If the I f"H J E||
S R^ liver is enlarged, the kidneys perforated ||^ J| "^ |"|j
afcefflrftou^B or any organ of the body is out of order HMraSHHS&i
IftPggBHiSBMH or stunted "Hudyan" comes at once to
|P?*l?^slli®j tne rescuo - It alters the conditions at alPlpKKi^?^!
pvwKSHtfc once. : Stops all drains in a week. Makes ■■-:'
BHHBSslJSB£§By.'i'--' all men manly men. Ask for the free VBS«w|BMJBi
gJ^jgl^^^MCT circulars telling you what it is and ■Bt4ii» ! '<^^a
WBSBBBSsSb wnat it does. -If you are a weak or a wj r . ■'?** 3'*^--
B^^^^^^^Tg puny man, you can become strong. a^n^^^^^^Tfl
h 1 Jj Jj "Hudyan" makes strong men. Medical. ■ i I J^j "J
1 ■ ill "^ advice free, too. Get it. MJjJLS_J_J
wHUaBBL HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, BBbbbSß
«l BTOCSTON, MARKET AND ELLIS ST3., J§£^S&k&Ms
H^^^^^§raßKgk San Francisco, Cal. .• Vs :V^ ■
LOS ANGELES
WATER TANGLE
City Council Has Let Its
Hands Be Tied.
WARNINGS LEFT UNHEEDED
THERE NOW SEEMS LITTLE
HOPE FOR THE CITIZENS.
In the Height of the Melee Mayor
Snyder Has Mysteriously
Left the City.
LOS ANGELES, June 17.— There is a
difference of just $1,700,000 between
what the City Council wants to pay
and what the Los Angeles Water Com
pany is willing to accept for its plant.
The Council to-day agreed by a unani
mous vote to tender the water company
$1,300,000 for its improvements to the
city's plant. This was in response to
the company's offer to sell for $3,000,
000. This difference of over a $1,500,000
did not come as a surprise. It was ex
pected. When the Council met the
committee on water Bupp-.y it was re
ported that the City Engineer had
made a thorough examination of the
additions the company had made to the
plant since the date of his last valua
tion, July 20, 1897. These additions he
reported had a valuation of about $110,
000. and added to the total of his pre
vious valuation, made a grand total of
$1,300,000, which was offered the com
pany.
As soon as the water committee made
Its report to this effect it was unani
mously adopted. The City Clerk was
then instructed to notify the water
company of the offer and request a re
ply not later than Monday next.
At that time the water company will
respond and decline the offer. The city
will then invite the water company to
arbitrate under the terms of its con
tract. The water company will agree
to arbitration, but will demand that be
fore any steps are taken that the city
indicate where and how it will secure
the funds necessary to pay the amount
of award and what assurance the com
pany can be given that the award will
be binding. Neither the city nor any
of its officers can give any such as
surances such as are desired. It can
only raise money to buy improvements
by voting 1 bonds. These bonds cannot
be voted until the amount of money de
sired is known and specified, which it
will be impossible to ascertain until af
ter the arbitrators have fixed a price.
Then, if this price so fixed is too large
in the opinion of voters bonds will be
defeated and the city will have no
money with which to make good the
award of the arbitrators.
This is the unfortunate and compli
cated condition the water problem is in.
It is just exactly what The Call out
lined and warned the people of Lo3
Angeles against months ago.
No steps were taken to unravel the
snarl, however, until now, when but
little over thirty days remain of the life
of the '"water company's contract with
the city.
Mayor Snyder has mysteriously left
the city and no one knows whence he
has gone. Those who do know will not
tell. Only one thing is known, he is
absent from the city on water busi
ness, but just what point he is trying
to make cannot be discovered.
The water company has played its
cards very cleverly. It has within the
last thirty days stood strictly to its
contract and is complying with it
strictly. The scheme of the company is
to place the city in default on the con
tract, which will prevent Mayor Snyder
and the police force from taking- forci
ble possession of the works at midnight
of July 22.
The water imbroglio will soon be at
its height and some anomalous and
stirring scenes and situations are prom
ised before a final settlement is made.
TRANSPORTING REINDEER.
Steamer Del Norte Will Carry a Load
From Siberia to Alaska,
SEATTLE, June 17.— The steamer Del
Norte was to-day chartered by the United
States Government through Dr. Sheldon
Jackson, to transport reindeer from Si
beria to Alaska as well as 10 carry Gov
ernment supplies north. It is expected
that the Del Norte will leave to-day for
St. Michael carrying regular passengers,
but will afterward land the Government
supplies at Unalaklik, Galvin Bay, St.
Lawrence Island. St. Lawrence Bay and
.Port Clarence, and will then go to Per
kins and Siberia for the reindeer.
As many reindeer as possible will be
purchased by Dr. Jackson, who will be
a passenger on the Del Norte to Siberia.
Dr. Jackson will take passage on Sunday
on the steamer Charles Nelson from Seat
tle to St. Michael, wh#re he will go aboard
the Del Norte. The Louise J. Kenney
will carry eighty Laplanders from
Port Townsemi to the various missions
In Alaska, and some of thorn may go
to Siberia to lend their assistance in tak
ing the reindeer to Alaska.
Warrants for San Franciscans.
SEATTLE. June 17.— The Treen Sho«
Company believes It has been systemati
cally robbed of goods to the value of a
couple of thousand dollars by two former
employees. They are Frank Mullen and
Joe Lobenstein, both of whom came from
San Francisco several months ago. j_.oth
men boarded a southbound train yester
day afternoon, just before warrants for
their arrest were sworn out. Chief of
Police Reed has notified officers of Port
land and San Francisco to apprehend the
suspected men.MISHAPS TO
THE OREGON
Accidents on the Colum
bia River.
STEERING GEAR DISABLED
TOOK A SHEER AND RAN ON A
MUD BAML
The New Union Ferry Depot la Now
Nearly Completed and the
Tenants Have Begun to
Move In.
The crew of the steamer Oregon had an
exciting time of it while on the Columbia
River. The vessel is due here to-day from
Portland, and the boys are sure to have
plenty of stories to tell about the Jonah
way from San Francisco with
The Bteaxner crossed In over the
R ■ •■- bar all right, but soon |
after her steam steering gear broke and
id to be maneuvered by hand pow
<r. When docking at Astoria she did not
r her helm quickly, and in conse
quence ran into the wharf. On her way
up the river to Portland the hand power
at the wheel was again insufficient to
hold her. and when near the Eagle can
ihe ran ashore. The tug Relief and
the lightship Cilumbine went to her as
sistance. i,ut failed to move her.
While the lightship was hard at work
her hawser broke and a portion of it
caught in the Oregon's propeller and dis
abled that vessel for the time being.
1 hen the Relief got her propeller tangled
up with her own hawser, and she was
also disabled. It took a long time to cut
the rope away from both propellers, and
the Oregon bad to be lightered be
i :ie would come off the mud. Her
r has been repaired,
BO n<i trouble is expected when she docks
The ship William 11. Mary, now at
Yokohama, has been purchased by EJs
chau & Minor of this port for $40,0*.». She
Port Townsend
will load on the Sound. The Ma. y is w. 11
known in this port, having last come here
from New York with a general cargo.
The old buildings that for so long have
I as ticket offices for the Tiburon
and Sausalito ferries are now being torn
down, and in a few days will have dis- i
appeared from the water front. The Tib- ,
r.ri.n ticket office has already been moved
the new ■iepot, and the Sausalito
will follow n. Xt week. When the
!'.ice building has been torn down
air" of the new ferry house will be
ill view, and it will be a great im
; ment to the water front. All con
tracts on the building must be completed I
• . ana next week the occupants of;
the nt-w d.-pot will begin to move in.
Then, if nothin- unforeseen happens, the ;
entire depot will be thrown open to the i
about the Ist of July.
Henry H. Ainer, a lad who lives at 313
Third street, fell off the bulkhead at
Main-street wharf yesterday and was j
very nearly drowned. J. Campbell saw
the boy struggling in the water and im- j
itely Jumped in after him. Harry
grabbed him around the neck, and for a
. as though both would
drown. Campbell managed to reach a \
with his burden, however, and then
Loth were hauled up on the wharf.
IRVING M. SCOTT SCHOOL.
Graduating Exercises Held at the
Potrero Opera-House.
The first public graduating exercise
ever given by the pupils of the Irving M.
Intermediate graded public school, |
i in the Potrero. was held at the
ro Opera House last night. In ad
thlß being the first public exhi
n of the pupils and their teachers at
.ise of the school term. Miss M. M.
Murphy, tl pal of the school, had
rmother innovation in store for the public.
It was the presence of a mothers' club,
which this lady succeeded in organizing
since her presence as principal last Jan-
Miss Murphy, the better to bring
her teachers and the mothers of her pu
pils into closer touch, organized the club,
: whom, consisting of Mrs.
Draper, Mrs. Farrell and Mrs. Jarvis,
nt as a committee to present
the scholars with two elegant American
Ilags as a token of loyalty from the club
to the children, which it is intended will
weld their loyalty and devotion to Old
for all time to come.
In presenting the banners at the meet-
Bt night Mrs. Jarvis spoke with all
rvor vi a loyal and devoted Ameri
ii and mother, reminding the
a loyalty to *> U Glory and its
itions comes before any and all
other obligations. These remarks were
attentively listened to by the 689 pupils
with profound attention. Out of this
number Miss Murphy has the honor of
: g iv "ut of the grammar class,
ail of whom will go to the High School
next t<'rm.
popular was the public exercise that
the opera house was not sufficiently
tnodate all who sought ad
mission. President Charles L. Barrtng
: the Hoard of Education and Super
intendent K. H. Webster were present
distributed the diplomas and medals
to the pupils.
The toliowing programme was rendered
by the children:
Sine;, "Freedom"; remarks; presentation of
banner; weld :.'.•■. Tnli Tea Party,"
First Grade; "Klaki and Colors," Fourth
Grade' "Cradle S inp." Third Grade; '"A Morn
ing Chat' ; "Little Mother*," First Grade;
dialogue. Fifth Grade; Hunting: for Fairies,"
flag drili, "Dewey Hrigade";
and Tlien." Fifth Grade; lullaby, Bec
ond Grade; Indian club drill, under direction
rge Mlehling; recitation, Kath
erine • el Song," Fourth
tirade; recitation. Glanvllle Collins; duet,
banjo aji'i mandolin; s"ns and recitation, "The
■; drill, "our Cooks"; vocal duet. "The
,f School"; fancy dance, Jeanette Dra
itlon, "Sword of Bunker Hill";
vocal solo. Miss F. Bristol; wand drill, under
direction of Professor George Miehling; eong,
rs; recitation. May Htraban; sons,
••Yank-'- Dewey"; "Patriotism," May Math
ena; presentation of medals, by Charl*- ]..
president of Hoard of Education;
tatlon of diplomas, by K. H Webster,
boola of San 1-ran
. r-spangled Banner." Miss K.
Levingsten and Mi— F. BrtstoL
This Week's Wasp.
This week's Wasp is one of the best
numbers of that weekly that has been
: j. r several weeks, it is replete
with halftones and reading matter. Of
the Illustrated features, the embarkation
at troops on the second Philippine ex
pedition; the departure of the first steam
; the Klondyke and engravings of
■ i,n Castle, the late premier of
,i.d and his wife, and the Hon.
. Chamberlain are the most promi-
Tne cartoons are clever. One pic
turing Viwlu Sam as a toreador and
showing the Spanish bull very f much hors
mb&t, is especially "rlkng The
disciple of yellow journalism being kicked
off the face of the earth by the War De
partment authorities, and the Democratic
purlsta receiving Instruction In practical
a from Boss Buckley are the sub
jects of two other cartoons. The musical
criticisms, the theatrical review, the so
cial sidelights and the editorials are all
worth reading.
In Sad Distress.
The Eureka Society for the Protection
of Children hns a pitiful case of destitu
tion i. n it;< hands. On the 4th inst. Emile
Holland a baker, turned his wife and
three littl<- children out of doors at thHr
residence at 1314 Stockton street, and
shortly after h<j took his departure for
narts unknown. Th" family Is without
s and the woman is in a condition
that should appeal to those charitably
The children have been placed
bytbe society In a children's home on
treet
Bead the thrilling story, "How I
Helped Lieutenant Cushing Destroy
the Confederate Ram Albemarle,"
by one of the survivors of that heroic
exploit, in next Sunday's Call.
THE NEXT FLEET OF TRANSPORTS.
Will Sail for Manila in flbout a Wee^ With Troops
and Munitions of War for Dewey.
The fleet of transports now being fitted out will be ready for the troops inside of a week. The Ohio,
at Lombard street wharf, was being coaled from scow schooners and ligrhters yesterday, while the Morgan
City was taking coal out of the steamer Centennial at Folsom Btreet wharf. The Indiana is at Pacific street
wharf, but except for painting and cleaning nothing is being done to her. She has 2000 tons of coal in her hold
and is ready to receive freight at an hour's notice. At the Mail dock the City of Para is taking coal out of
lighters, while carpenters are at work fixing up bunks in the 'tween decks.
The Xero is expected down from Mare Island to-day. She will go alongside the British ship Rahane and
take in that vessel's cargo of coal. The job will occupy a few days and as soon as it is accomplished the Mo
nadnock will come down from the navy-yard and both vessels will start for Manila. The chances are that the
coast defense steamer, collier and transports will all get away together.
WILL PASS THEIR
LIVES IN PRISON
TWO YOUNG ROBBERS MEET A
JUST FATE.
George Barker and Joseph Theron
Sentenced to Folsom Peniten
tiary — Mother's Plea.
Two hardened young criminals, George
Barker and Joseph Theron. <yen, sen
tenced to pass the remainder of their lives
in Folsom Prison by Judge Wallace yes
terday. The crime for which the two con
victs "were sentenced was a most atrocious
one. On the night of April 14 last three
young men entered the store of Edward
Leibschau at Mason and Pacific streets
and covered the proprietor with their re
volvers. He resisted and they beat him
into insensibility with their weapons and
took all the money he had and Jewelry
valued at about $I.V). While the young
criminals were looting the establishment
Leibschau regained consciousness and
raised such a disturbance that the atten
tion of the police was attracted and the
robbers were captured. Barker and The
ron were two of them and when their
cases came up for trial the last-nameg
criminal pleaded guilty, but Barker stood
trial He was convicted promptly, and as
both had prior convictions recorded
against them the court did not feel
posed to ''temper justice with mercy.
When tho prisoners appeared in court
for sentence Barker was a*ked if he had
anything to say. The prisoner replied In
the negative and thereupon Judge \\ al
lace imposed sentence M life imprison
ment at Folsom. When Theron's turn
came his counsel, Eueene N. Deuprey,
put the lad's mother on the stand to tes
tify as to his good character. The wit
ness was aged and worn, and told her
story in a voice trembling with emotion.
She said that she had two sons, one a sea
man on the Charleston, the other the pris
oner at the bar. Both were good boys,
she said, and she asked the Judge if for
her sake be would not be merciful.
His Honor said that he did not doubt
the mother's faith in her son, but he
feared that she was mistaken as his rec
ord showed that he was past reformation
and that he must suffer the punishment
meted out to his accomplice, imprison
ment for life.
Henry Etauh was next called up for
sentence upon a convjetion of burglary in
the second degree. When asked If he had
anything to say he made a dramatic
speech, protesting his Innocence, but as
.-. jury had henrd the evidence against
him and declared him guilty, his effort
had but little effect and he was sentenced
to five years in Folsom.
ST. ROSE ACADEMY.
Interesting Commencement Exer
cises and an Exhibition of
Art Work.
The commencement exercises of St.
Rope Academy were held at Native Sons'
Hall yesterday afternoon. The audience
w:ip large and appreciative and the pre
sentation of a long programme was man
aged in a manner to do credit to profes
sionals. Notwithstanding the large num
ber of children to be controlled, there
was -no delay and a thoroughly enter
taining exhibition of the capabilities of
the pupils was given. Among the more
striking features of the entertainment
were fifty little girls who sane and acted
"Dolly's Mamma"; national songs by
thirty young Americans dressed ay Jack
tars and following Old Glory; a very tak
ing group of little girls as sunflowers in
a song in which they dis?- -reared after
the fashion of the "Ten Little Injuns';
-i pretty dance to waltz and march; The
Colors "of Our Nation." as illustrated by
thirty-six young misses dressed in red,
whit."- and* blue, twelve 0.. each color.
Their drill was very cleverly executed.
Miss Alm:i Mrc'ormick, one of the gradu
ates surprised her auditors with the
sweetness and culture of h^r voice, and
the pupils ;is a school did full credit to
those who instructed them.
The graduates were Misses Alma Mc-
Cormlck, Eleanor Kiely and Louise Cre-
An interesting part of the affair was
the art exhibit in the parlor of the hall,
where the work of pupils who have ais
tii •i.shed themselves in the last term
was shown. The exhibits were in cera
mics art embroidery and crayon draw
ing Among the pupils accorded the dis
tinction of showing their work in these
line? were Miss '".race Welsh. Miss Ethel
Hendy. Miss Rosamond Meherin, Miss
Mary Welsh, Miss Katy O'Donnell, .ivtiss
}sert"rand Roach. Genevieve Cronin, Mary
Cronin and Mary Gronnan.
ORATED ON THE HOUSETOP.
Burning Words of Patriotism Ac
company a Flag Raising in
the Wholesale District.
It is seldom that an orator mounts to
the housetops to give voice to thoughts
that are uppermost in his mind, but this
has happened, and the man to earn dis
tinction on that score Is no other than
genial Harry Tapkin of the grocery nrm
of Tillmann & Bendel. There may be
some virtue in his course, as . a man
speaking on the roof has the satisfaction
of knowing that his voice Is being car
ried by the four winds to all quarters of
1 Vfut for the fact that the employes of
Tillmann & Bendel were without a flag to
fly from their staff this incident would
not have happened. While one young man
was engaged In the happy task of meaa
iirine out sugar It occurred to him that a
flair was an Important adjunct to the
business, and he dropped his scoop and
consulted his fellow employes. The re
sult was that money was quickly sub
scribed und a handsome new banner was
purchased. It was thought proper by
the committee that a day should be set
apart for flag raising and that appropri
ate functions should accompany the cere
mony. Bombs were bo-'ght. an orator, se
j*.,t<Li _°"H *Ol ptpnlpyes filrfiGled, to SJ3
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 13, 1898.
pear at 7:30 o'clock Thursday morning. A
circle was formed round the flagstaff on
the roof, and while Tapkin delivered
some burning thoughts on love of coun
try, etc.. interspersed by the firing of a
21-gun salute and the enthusiastic shouts
of fellow employes, the stars and stripes
were given to the breeeze. Every one de
scended to his daily work with a feeling
of contentment.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
California Council Will Giva the Sol-
diers a Grand Reception on
Next Tuesday.
The National Union, one of the frater
nal beneficiary organizations, which is
represented in this city by seven councils,
having on its roll of membership many
of the most prominent citizens, will, on
the evening of' the 21st inst., in the hall
of California Council, Elks' Hall, at Sut
ter street and Grant avenue, give to tnc
soldier members in the volunteer service
and In the regular army a grand wel
come and will entertain them. This recep
tion, gotten up by the California Council
and to which the entire membership of
the order In this city has been invited,
will embrace a fine programme of ad
dresses, music. Instrumental and vocal,
and patriotic recitations. There will be
a collation and the committee that has
charge of the affair announces that beans,
hardtack and bacon will be barred. A
committee of the council has visited Camp
Merritt and the Presidio to invite those
members of the T'nlon who are in the
rank and file to be present on next
Tuesday evening.
REGULATIONS FOR
MEN WHO BREW
DECISIONS WHICH WILL INTER
EST ALL MALSTERS.
Instructions as to the Class Who Will
Be Obliged to Pay the Special
Tax as Revenue.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch re
ceived yesterday a letter from the Com
missioner of Internal Revenue at Wash
ington setting forth decisions to guide him
in certain cases in collecting the taxes on
malt liquors. They are as follows:
A brewer holding a special tax stamp of the
smaller class 1b not required to pay special tax
as a brewer of the larger class until the entire
quantity of beer produced by him within the
special tax year amounts to COO barrels.
As soon as the quantities produced month
by month within that period amount In the
aggregate to 500 barrels he must pay the spe
cial tax of a brewer of the larger class for the
entire year ($100). He may then send In his
stamp of the smaller class for redemption.
Brewers who establish places of storage for
bottled beer and complete sales by deliveries
therefrom to purchasers in wholesale quanti
ties are required to nay special tax as whole
sale dealers in malt liquors at every such place.
A compound of medicinal roots and distilled
spirits, if held out not merely as a remedy for
diseases, but also as "bitters for mixed
drinks," Is not to be regarded as made in good
faith for medicinal use only, and. therefore,
the manufacturer who sells it under such a
label is not entitled to the exemption provided
by section 3246. revised statutes, and is re
quired to pay special tax as a rectifier and
liy»Rf^dealer.
Rtttun.s made by brewers of the amount of
l<.-r manufactured and sold by them are made
under compulsion of law for but one purpose,
namely, the collection of revenue for the
United States, and copies thereof are not per
mitted to be furnished to any persons for any
purpose. '
BOY BURGLARS CAUGHT.
Broke Into a Warehouse and Stole
Valuable Property.
Three boys, named John Morrlssey,
John McShea and Aleck Kenney, were
arrested last evening by Detectives Ry
an and ODea and Policeman Orr and
charged with burglary. A short time ago
they broke Into the warehouse of the Pa
cific Bridge Company, on Townsend
street, and stole about $400 worth of brass
bearings. They sold part of the stolen
property to A. Simon, a Junk-dealer, for
$11. The detectives have recovered all
the booty.
The youthful prisoners are well known
to the "police, Morrlssey and McShea hav
ing recently graduated from the lone
Training School. Konney was formerly
an inmate of the Boys' and Girls' Aid
Society.
The Weather
Is at Its best over at El Campo. To-day
the members of Sacred Heart parish are
picnicking there, but to-morrow the place
will be open to all. The resort is being
handled with so careful discrimination
that all the leading church and social or
ganizations select It for their annual out-
Ings, and It continues to attract every
Sunday the most desirable class of the
community. The big ferry steamer
I'kiah makes four round trips. See an
nouncement in amusement columns. •
Alice Rix
With the Awkward Squad
In Next Sunday's Call.
"Evolution" His Subject.
Rev. Joseph W. Rlordan. S. J., presi
dent of Santa Clara College, will lecture
on "Evolution" In St. Ignatius College
Hall on Friday evening, June 24, under
the auspices of Borromean Council No.
129, Y. ML I. This is one of the many
popular and Instructive lectures given by
the society during the past year. The
speaker for the occasion Is well and popu
larly known, and there can be no doubt
that a large gathering will fill the nan on
the evening of the lecture.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
THE COAL CASES
ARE DISMISSED
ATTORNEY FOOTE ENTERS A
NOLLE PROS.
Most of the Defendants Are Poor and
Did Not Believe They Were
Violating the Law.
The criminal Indictments against Charles
R. Allen and 411 other wholesale and re
tall coal dealers for entering into an un
lawful agreement in restraint of trade
were dismissed yesterday by United
States Attorney Foote, who entered a
nolle prosequi in the cases.
The United States District Court was
crowded yesterday morning with coal
dealers under indictment ready to listen
to the argument of their counsel — T. C.
Coogan, Thomas I). Riordan, W. D. Fi
fleld, Milton Androß, James T. Boyd,
George W. Towle Jr. and William Craig.
When the case was called United States
Attorney Foote arose and read the fol
lowing to the court:
"Being of the opinion that In the
United States Circuit Court on the civil
side of the docket the alleged trust and
monopoly in coal Involved m this indict
ment has been broken up, and being fur
ther of the opinion that on the facts it
appears that many, if not all, of the de
fendants believed In good faith that they
were not violating any criminal law. I
deem that the interests of public justice
require me to ask that a nolle prosequi
be entered as to all the defendants, which
I now accordingly do."
Judge de Haven remarked that the
court had no discretion In the matter and
that It lay wholly within the province of
the United States Attorney. He accord
ingly instructed Clerk Manley to enter
up the dismissal and to exonerate the
bondsmen of the defendants.
United States Attorney Foote was In
terviewed after adjournment of court and
declined to make any statement as to his
reasons for dismissing the cases other
than as specified in the statement read
by him to the court.
Most of the defendants are poor men
and they were very much relieved when
the cases were dismissed, the litigation
having already cost them much time,
money and anxiety.
THE NEW WAR BONDS.
Important Instructions Sent Yester
day to Assistant Treasurer
Jacobs.
The subscriptions for the new 3 per cent
war bonds have passed the two million
dollar mark at the First National Bank
in this city. According to advices from
Washington the smaller subscriptions
will have the preference over the larger.
Had the opportunity been presented the
entire issue would have been taken up by
syndicates and capitalists, but the desire
was to make It a popular loan and this is
why the subscriptions under $500 arc pre
ferred. When the smaller purchasers are
provided for then the larger subscribers
will be taken up in their order. Cashier
Lynch of the First National Bank says
that since the books were opened the de
mand for these popular bonds has been
very steady, and this is shown by the fact
that the $2,000,000 has been taken up by
about 750 people.
Of these at least 50 per cent have called
for bonds under $1000. The subscription
list will close on July 14. Before that date
the bank will send out notices to the sub
scribers that they must come forward and
make their deposits. This done, the sub
scription list and the amount of the de
posits will be turned over to the Assistant
Treasurer of the Sub-Treasury on Com
mercial street. Until yesterday Julius
Jacobs, the new Assistant Treasurer, had
received no instructions in the matter of
bonds. At noon th.c following dispatch
made clear his duties in the premises:
WASHINGTON, June 17, 1898.
Assistant Treasurer l/nltfcd States. San Fran
cisco, Cal.: You are authorized to issue your
certificate of deposit on account of subscrip
tions of various persons to the three per cent
Uian whenever any Institution presents to you
applications of the subscribers accompanied by
deposit covering aggregate amount of such sub
scriptions. This applies only to subscriptions
of five hundred dollars or less. You are not
authorized to Issue certificates of deposit for
two per cent of larger subscript.. ns.
F. A. VANDKRLIP. Assistant Secretary.
AMERICAN REGISTRY.
Secretary of the Treasury Authorizes i
the Registry of Ships.
Customs Collector Jackson yesterday
received the following telegram from the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury:
WASHINGTON, June 17.
Collector of Customs, San Francisco:
Act of Congress approved 10th Inst, au
thorizes and directs that foreign built
steamers Victoria, Olympla, Arizona, Co
lumbia. Argyll and Tacoma, owned by
the North Pacific Steamship Company,
be re-registered as vessels of the United
States on compliance with regulations re
garding oaths, etc. Vessels being in your
district may be registered under the act.
Wolfe Tone Celebration.
On next Tuesday evening Father Yorke
will deliver an oration on the days of '98
in Ireland. At the meeting of the commit
tee of the Knights; of Tara. hold last night
In Knights of the Rod Brand) Hall, vari
ous committees were appointed, and the
following programme was adopted:
Grand orpan selections, national airs, Mr.
Joseph Roeckel; remarks hy the chairman of
the evening, Mr. James H. Harry: patriotic
sonar Mr. John J. Rnffapl (bjr kindnpc? of Mrs
F.rnestine Krellng. Tlvoli Opera House); reci
tation, selected. Mr. Thomas \\\ Hickey; vo
cal solo, "Hymn nf Freedom," Miss Palsy V.
Keane; oration. "The Spirit of '65," Rev. P. C.
Yorke: solo, (a) "The Patrol"; (b) "The Star
Spangled Banner," Mme. Ellen Coursen
Koeckel.
The League of the Cross young men
will act as ushers. A large reception com
mittee was appointed, William Mulvln
chairman*
A"JOKER" IN
STREET ORDERS
Over a Million Dollars
Uncollectible.
EIGHT EXTENSIONS VOID
NO SALARY OR EXPENSES FOR
COMMISSIONERS.
They Will Be Responsible Them
selves for Any Bills Contracted.
Their Own Lawyers Drew
the Orders.
There are no less than eight street ex
tensions, with their acompanying assess
ment districts and their commissions,
which will be affected by the paragraph
in the orders of the Supervisors which
has just been the cause of the annulling
of the Potrero-street extension, according
to the opinion of the City and County
Attorney.
The street extensions were all commend
ed under an act of the Legislature of 18S9.
This was in booming times in real estate,
and the holders of large blocks of outside
lands were responsible for the passage of
the act. Times did not continue to boom,
however, and so, in 1593, there was an
other act passed which annulled the
former act and discharged all the com
missioners appointed under it. In the
meantime work on Mission street, Seven
teenth street and the I^aguna Survey had
been completed. Work on eight other ex
tensions was stopped, and the money that
had been paid in on some of the assess
ments was refunded. Then the act of
March, 1593, was brought into court, and,
by a decision of Judge Slack, It was de
clared unconstitutional. This decision was
never appealed from, and so it became i
unchangeable, and the street extensions
were restored to the standing they had
before the passage of the act of 1893. It
was this restoration to legality, or ap
parent legality, which resulted in the
finding of the joker in the orders.
As the assessments had been restored,
they became a Hen on the property on
which they were levied, and the property
owners of the Mission League of Improve
ment Clubs petitioned the Supervisors to
collect what assessments were due and
so clear their titles. In examining into
the matter, to see what proceeding could
be taken. City and County Attorney Cres
well found that the order had the" objec
tionable words which hud once been de
clared improper by the Supreme Court,
and for which the order before the court
at that time had been declared void. Mr. i
Creswell also found that the other street
extensions were being done under similar
orders, and it is only a Question of time
when they will all follow each other to
ward annullment.
The street extensions were already tied
up under all kinds of litigation, and there
were some property-owners who had en-
Joined the commissions from collecting
their assessments, but the defective or
ders not only free the property-owners,
but effectually prevent the payment of
any claims for services or salaries based
on them. The assessments affected are for j
work on Sixteenth street. $,'M4,614 30; How- i
ard street. (83.560; Post street, $101,750 15;
Nineteenth street, $12n.<M4 45; Mar&ei
street, $402,0W; Twenty-fifth avenue.
Twenty-seventh avenue and New street,
$34,022 67; Potrero avenue, $241,202 63: Po
trero avenue to Army street, $11,000 69;
total, $1,338384 S3.
All these assessments are now void, and
if there has been any money paid in on
them It can be demanded by the property- I
owners who paid it. and the city will !
have to return it. The engineers who
assisted the commissions will get no pay,
tho Commisioners will get no pay. arid i
they will be responsible for any bills for |
labor, stationery or anything else, for the
city is practically released from all lia
bility. And it was the lawyers for the
various commissions who drew up tho
orders that have been their undoing.
GRAFTERS ARE BARRED.
Disreputable Attorneys Not Allowed
to Enter the City Prison.
Captain of Police Seymour Is deter
mined to check the outrages which have
beeji perpetrated on the unfortunate In
mates of the City Prison by disreputable
attorneys. Yesterday, on learning that
an old man had been robbed of $125 by
one of the gang of human vultures, he
promptly issued an order forbidding
them from entering the prison.
Shortly before 5 o'clock yesterday aft
ernoon the gang surrounded the prison
gnte awaiting an opportunity to get in
side to ply their "graft." They were met
by Acting Sergeant Shaw, who, in a few
words, informed them of the order is-
Bued by Captain Seymour.
"This Is tough," lugubriously remarked
the chief rustler of the gang, as he re
traced his steps to a McAllister-street
saloon. "No more cold bots and warm
"Beer and sandwiches will have to do,"
piped "Long-Shot" Rattigan, the driver
of the patrol wagon. "Youse fellers have
had a regular Klondike around here."
"You are the cause of it," answered one
of them. "If you hadn't shot off your
mouth when you and Willie Rose came
together Captain Seymour would not
have Interfered."
"You're on the wrong horse," retaliated
Rattigan. "What are you going to do,
now that the tax on beer has been in
creased?"
Without further replying the chief
rustler walked away to join the gang in
n neighboring saloon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
********************** ****
2 I
t' * 9
f 7 he Keeley Treatment j
Sis a rational cure for j
alcoholism and drug j
► addictions. It simply [
restores the nerve cells j
to the healthful state j
they were in before be- *
ing ravaged by drink j
or ugs, and nature j
does the healing. It is f
a permanent cure — the j
only cure. *
Send for printed matter that tells »
I . all about It ■ r
THE KEELEY INSTtTUTES, ] J
f' 232 North Main Street, Los Anßelea. «t
1170 Market Street. San Fj-anclsco, •
I ■ Fred. A. Pollock, Manager. ♦
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
' «AF T/fc . .v-ftßrtrf atrKtbgfi*sss.lll sj
<S&Xi^4&s> «*omi34 SJil*
jkr-dl6?Qm^<s* roy zSfc*
s^#^^%VAN VROOM
*= tlectro Denial Parlors
S~ 'Xfi' - |3v X «XTH AND MARKET
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
REMNANT SALE
AT MARKET-STREET STORE.
200 Remnants of English Granite Cloth
Dress Goods, lengths 2\ yards to
10 yards, choice colorings, tans,
browns and grays, 37 inches wide,
wool and Mohair, usual price 35c,
width 37 inches.
Sale Price
15c Yard.
150 Remnants of Check and Plaid Nov-
elty Dress Goods, length 3 to 9
yards, colorings greens, browns,
tans, black and white, width 40
inches, usual price 50c
Sale Price
15c Yard.
Mirket-strtet Store.
As quantities are small of each of the
above patterns, we can not cut sam-
ples.
TOWEL BARGAIN.
Unbleached Turkish Towels, 20 by 40
inches, the 15c kind.
Not more than two dozen to each
purchaser.
Sale Price
3'ic.
Market'street Store Only.
RIBBONS.
Extra quality Satin and Grog Grain
Ribbons, all silk. Z\i inches wide,
regular value 35c,
Sale Price
2Oc Yard.
Both Stores.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
lOT-109 POST STREET. 1220-1222=1224 MARKET STREET.
Outraged by a Police-
man and Judge.
See To-Day's
Editor Barry also tells
of
The Unmasked Slanderers.
A BAD BREAK.
The Star
Has a strong article
on the Courts by
John Burke.
FREEDOM, NOT CONQUEST.
CONDENSED WAR NEWS
And all other live
topics oF the day dis-
cussed editorially.
S Centsa Copy.
i . .
000000000000000000
o"" f A LACE A - P l
%CRAND HOTjszMi
o SAN FflA/VC/SCO. q
** *Yr.n«>cie<i Dy o rovrrpd tmyig*vr*i. _
O 1400 Rooms. .900 With Bath Attaahai. J*
O *-l± UN Dra OXB MANAOB^^t O
Q NOTE TEE PRICES': O
O European Plan.»l. 00 per day and upwarrl q
w Ajnerican Plan.» 3. OO par day and upwanl J*
'O ' Correspondent-.- Scllcited. O
O JOHN C. KIBKPATBICK, Mttigtt. q
000000000000000000
A prominent vocal instructor, living in one of the prosperous cities of
Connecticut, relates a curious experience: "In learning," she says, "to
properly place and sustain the tone, pupils sometimes feel a faintness and diz-
ziness arising from the peculiar action of the diaphragm and the effort of con-
trolling of the breath. I have known a girl to actually have to sit down for
fear of fainting. I became convinced that the difficulty came from a weak
stomach and talked with my physician about it. He was inclined to think
that I had the right solution of the trouble. Some time after that I, from
time to time, gave a Ripans Tabule to a pnpil. suggesting that it be taken
before coming to the next lesßon. The effect was precisely what I had hoped.
The pupils were relieved of the difficulty and able to take the full half hour of
vocal exercise without any of the old trouble. It seems a queer use to mak» .
LADIES' KNIT UNDERWEAR.
Jersey Knit, long and short sleeves,
extra quality Vests, Silk Ribbon
Trimmed, PANTS French Band,
usual value 50c,
Sale Price
25c.
Both Stores.
HANDKERCHIEFS.
Ladies' Lace Trimmed, Embroidered
Initial Handkerchiefs, price was 25c,
Sale Price
lOc.
Both Stores.
Special Values at Our Lace Counters
This Week.
KID GLOVES.
THE COLUMBIA KID GLOVES are
the best wearing that have ever been
offered in this city; this is the verdict
of the ladies that buy them.
At $1.00.
MISSES' COLUMBIA GLOVES - - - Ssc
Both Stores.
FLAGS FOR DECORATION.
United- States Flag, size IS by 38
inches, mounted on stick, length 50
In<*fle*s 'handsome top on stick, 45
Inches,
Special at
25c.
Both Stores.
DAWSON CITY DIRECT.
The New Passenger Steamer \
DIRIGO
POSITIVELY SAILS
SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 3 P. M.
FARE &150.
Connecting with the New Fast River Packet
CITY OF DAWSON.
Ticket Office 4-2 Montgomery St.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUBE
tyf "\ A. 1. 1. Nereou* lUtteaaes — Failing Mem-
fa 2> ory, In potency. Sleeplessness, etc., caused
Bf ,\| by Abuse or other Excesses and India*
i iJB'TOI' cretions. They quickly and surely
\ mr ~*7 restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
JtS*fi&L. Rt a man for study, business or marriage.
mi^htJOfr Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
tak«n in time. Their use shovrs immediate lmproTe-
inentand effects a CURE where all other fail In-
sist upon Laving the gennino Ajax Tablets. They
hove enrod thousands and vti 1 1 cure you. We *ire a pos-
itive written guarantee to eff3ct a cure CA pTQ la
each case or refund the money. Price wv V I Wiper
packaee; or six pkceMfall treatment) for $2.60. By
mail. in plain wrapper, npon receipt of price. Circular
AJAX REMEDY CO., HhSS:™?*-
For eale in San Francisco by Lelpniti A C<x«
138 Butter. No-Percenta«e Pharmacy, Ml Ukt.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and spedflo ■ tonla
for the sexual and urinary organs of bottt
■exes, and a great remedy tor diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRCNE, Agents,
153 Market Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)!
POhicheiter's English Diamond Braid. "-->
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_ <S*X Original and Only Gennlno. ■ Jk.
£jl_S- : Zw. Dro^girt for ChUhuter* Engliih Z>ia-j^\ '
■P%jj7y^E£.mond Brand In Ked and Geld meUlUeVlfir
Ta^ -^r^ftirjboies. s'^.od w>.h bine ribbon. Take Vy
■pi SNi S^Jno other. Be/ute dangtratu ntbttitu- v
I~ / fi-'m and imitation*. At Druggist*, or tend 4m»
1 W JJf In stamp! for particular!, testimonials anS
\ <C* B " Relief for I ,a<il. in letttr, \>j rttam
«-*v fr Mall. 10.000 T-«lmool«li. Jfttne Paper.
> * — ""/ Chl«he»ter <.'«.,Mnd|Koa
Bsli by all l+m\ ilmnrtsu. »>wvt, I i»a.. v.^
— —
VA/. X. HESS,
NOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bld£«
Telephone Brown 931.
= Residence, S2l California street, baio^
Powell. San Francisco.
56
SATURDAY JUNK 18, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, ; Proprietor
Address All Communications W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. f.
Telephone Main ISCB.
(EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding, towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montlj
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On« yrnr. by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE .^^^.... 908 Broadv/ay
tSEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl£*i Hcum
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 267 Mayes street, «pen until \
9;30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
c'elocK- C! 5 LorKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'rlock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia—" Xumbpr Xlne "
Baldwin-" The Passion Play.'
Alcazar— "A Celebrated Case
Mg:opco>- "Under the Polar Star"
•Xlroll— "An American Hero."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 613-pound Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
fcutro Baths —^wlmminp.
El Camro— Music, dancing, boating, flshiug, every Sunday.
Coursing— At 11:011 Coursing Park.
Loureins— lnglt-slde Coursing Park.
Excursion to the S: n::t Cruz mountains.
FALSE IN ONE, FALSE IN ALL.
UNDER its present management The Call was in
tended to be made a newspaper second to none
in the metropolitan cities of the world. That
end has been attained. We have given news and not
inventions, and have treated our readers in good faith
and fairness. In combination with the Herald, The
Call commands a news service that has never been ex
celled. That service, belting the globe as it does, and
alert in every news center and at every point of interest
as it is, may occasionally be in error, but only through
reliance upon faulty authority and never by intention
nor invention. As we have before pointed out, the
existence of a rumor is in itself news, though the fact
rumored may prove non-existent. A rumor is, in a
Lir^e sense, indicative of the state of mind in the com
munity in which it rises and runs. It is often the ex
pression of widespread public expectation, and there
fore the reasons for regarding the currency of a ru
mor as news are perfectly legitimate. In respectable
journalism the line between the report of an existing
rumor and facts accomplished as news is never diffi
cult to discern and readers are never deceived.
Journalism that is yellow, indecent and deceptive
not only omits discrimination between nimor and
news, but it persistently invents both.
It is no pleasure to us to frequently refer to the
Hearst papers, the Examiner and Journal, as examples
of yellow, indecent and deceptive journalism. Hearst's
invented interviews with the Pope, the Queen Regent
of Spain and Mrs. McKinley, into whose presence no
representative of his papers ever penetrated, illustrate
the deceptive and invented quality of the news which
he boasts of giving to his readers.
Let no one fancy that we refer to this in the spirit
of business rivalry, for we do not. The advance in
circulation and business which The Call has made is
sufficient proof that the reading public turns in dis
gust from a faking pretender to a newspaper which
treats them in good faith. Our object in calling at
tention repeatedly to the Examiner's lies and swagger
i? to protect the public against adulterated news, just
as we would in its interest expose swill milk and adul
terated food.
The time should come soon when the law will
punish severely the publication of invented news or
invented rumors of news. Pepper adulterated with
ground cocoanut shell, ginger stretched with corn
meal, coffee sophisticated with chicory and chicory
with carrots, are harmless frauds compared with the
injury that may follow a public opinion based on the
invented and lying news of which Mr. Hearst is a per
sistent purveyor.
The Call told its readers that its account of Dewey's
battle in Manila Bay was by an eye-witness. Imme
diately Hearst pretended to publish an account by his
eye-witness. He was promptly exposed as a liar by
the Chicago Record.
By contrast with this act of bad faith and deception
of its readers The Call is able to prove the extent and
reliability of its news service and its wide distribution
out of Dewey's official report of the battle of Manila
Bay in which the rear-admiral says that, being short
of officers, the Herald-Call correspondent, Mr. Stick
ney. a retired officer of the navy, being on the flag
ship in the interest of the papers he represents, volun
teered as aid and rendered efficient service.
The Call told the truth, as usual, and Hearst lied, as
usual, and now tries to cover the deficiencies of his
news service by brag and swagger.
The rule, false in one, false in all, holds good, es
pecially as to newspapers. Hearst has been caught
lying and inventing news so often that nothing which
appears in his papers is credible unless verified by
some decent authority.
Judge Wallace is to be commended for having
sent up for life some more of the murderous criminals
who make a business of robbery and do not draw the
line at killing. At times there may have been a ten
dency to criticize this jurist for the sererity of his sen
tences, but thoughtful people have noticed that he
has managed to seriously cripple the footpad in
dustry.
Once more comes the cheerful information that the
Cadiz fleet has sailed. Also that it will divide and go
in two different directions. No details are given as
to the direction of either section, but it is safe to as
sume that it will not be one having a tendency to lead
toward any American guns.
Officials at Washington are said to be resting se
cure in the belief that our marines in Cuba are safe.
However, it is not the condition of the officials which
particularly concerns the people of this country. Their
anxiety is still for the marines.
Admiral Camara is reported to be "acting
strangely" — a delicate intimation that he is getting
daft. To be a Spanish admiral in these times is
enough to drive a tolerably strong mind to collapse.
Rumor that the Spanish contemplate experiment
ing with a poisonous shell is probably v..true. All
the deadly gas that country is able tc generate is
consumed in the making of speeches.
GERMANY AND ThjE PHILIPPINES.
I I ERR YON HOLLENBEN, German Embas
j j sador at Washington, has with due formality
* assured the Secretary of State there is no truth
in the rumors that Germany intends to interfere with
the American Government in the Philippines. The
Einbassador is quoted as having stated, further, that
hi? Government is fully determined to maintain an at
titude of strictest neutrality toward both belligerents
during the war.
While the rumors of a possible interference on the
j/art of any nation in Europe with the conduct of the
war have never seriously disturbed the American
people, it is just as well to have them effectually dis
posed of by denial from the highest official sources.
The rumors with respect to Germany had their origin
in the tone of certain German newspapers, and so long
as they go unrefined they have a tendency to irritate
the pubiic mind and to create in the United States a
feeling of suspicion toward the Germans which is
unjust and unwarranted. There are a few people in
that country made sore by the competition of Ameri
can products in German markets who would like to
fight us, but they are but a small minority.
When the war with Spain began Bismarck declared
the German Government should be careful to main
tain a policy of action which would keep Germany in
touch with the sympathies of Germans in America
in order that the natural affections of the emigrants
for the fatherland might not be alienated and their
trade lost. Now the Germans in the United States
are as loyal as any other class, and certainly would
not regard with favor any action tending to hamper
us in the conduct of the war or to interfere with our
enjoyment of all the fruits of victory we may choose
to seize and hold.
As a matter of fact since the first effort made to or
ganize a European concert for the purpose of pre
venting the war there has never been a sdrious inten
tion on the part of any statesman in Europe to inter
fere with it. The reception given by our Government
to the very suggestion of interference showed clearly
it would not be permitted. If anything more had been
needed than the action of our own Government to put
an end to schemes of that kind it would have been
furnished by the attitude taken by the British Govern
ment and the utterances of the British people. In
terference has never been imminent at any stage of the
contest.
A concert of European powers successfully inter
fered to dictate terms of peace between Japan and
China and between Turkey and Greece. There is a
vast and mighty difference, however, between any
of those nations and the United States. What may
have been wisdom in the one case would be folly in
the other. The American eagle is now in the full
career of his fierce swoop upon the foe, and it will
fare ill with any one who may undertake to stop him
in the middle of his course.
PROMOTIONS IN THE NAVY.
AS a recognition and reward for their gallant
service at the battle of Manila President Mc-
Kinley has given the line officers such pro
motion as lay in his power. In our navy each officer
is assigned a number in the naval register, and pro
motion from the lower to higher grades of rank
usually proceeds in regular rotation. The reward be
stowed on the Manila heroes therefore has been that
of giving them a higher rating on the list than they
had before.
The order of the President runs thus: "For ad-
vancement for conspicuous conduct in battle, Captain
Frank Wildes to be advanced five numbers, Captain
Joseph B. Coghlan to be advanced six numbers, Cap
'■ tain Charles V. Gridley to be advanced six numbers,
' Captain Nehemiah M. Dye - to be advanced seven
numbers, Captrfin Benjamin P. Lamberton to be ad
vanced seven numbers, Commander Asa Walker to
be advanced nine numbers, Commander Edward P.
Wood to be advanced ten numbers."
This advancement on the list of the officers who
were at Manila entails of course a corresponding re
duction on the list of those who were not there.
Officers who before the change were in a position to
receive the next promotions have now been super
seded. This is, of course, the fortune of war. Had
they been at Manila they would have gone up higher,
but not having been there they lose the comparative
rank they had, and are to some extent punished for
their absence.
In the course of a few days, however, the officers
of the fleet in the West Indies will have the glory of
destroying the Spanish ships of war at Santiago, and
then it will be their turn to get advancement on the
list. They will be promoted in due order; some five,
some seven, some ten numbers, and thus be put ahead
of Dewey's men. The line officers of both fleets will
then have received promotion in turn, and the next
naval register will show the names of all in just about
the same order of succession they held before the war
broke out. It is a beautiful system and permits of
unlimited promotions without straining.
In the meantime it is notable that no promotion or
advance has been given to the engineer officers of
either fleet. Those who were at Manila have not even
received honorable mention by name. Such pra-se
as has gone to them has been in the nature of com
mendation for the engineer staff generally, and con
fers no distinction on the individuals who managed
the engines of the big ships while Dewey and his
men were fighting.
Hobson, the staff hero of the war, is still at Morro,
and the Government at Washington is still in doubt
what to do for him. If Congress cannot find time to
enact the navy personnel bill and thus settle the Hob
son difficulty, it would seem an easy thing for the
Department of the Navy to adopt for the staff some
such numbered register system as they now have fou
the line. By doing so they could at once promote Hob
son by putting him first on the list for promotion, and
then when some other staff officer does an equal feat
he in his turn could be advanced numbers enough to
put him at the head for a while. There is no unfair
ness in this to anybody. It simply provides promo
tion for the fellows who happen to be there when any
thing is done and stimulates our naval officers to get
there every time.
No German troops will land at Manila. In the
first place nobody has the slightest notion of ordering
them to do so, and in the second place tl ire would
not be room for German soldiers and Americans, too,
and the Americans got there first.
According to ex-Minister Taylor, Spain is "not
ripe for a republic." Spain, it might be added, has
passed the stage of mere ripeness.
Certain of the Spanish soldiers are beginning to ap
preciate the pangs experienced by the condition of
being a reconcentrado.
In the East regulars and volunteers have been fight
ing each other. While this is not brotherly the prac
tice may be valuable.
In the respect of being good only when dead there
is another point of resemblance between the Apache
and the Spaniard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898.
A POLITICAL PARAPHRASE.
ARE the Democratic voters of this city going
to have any voice in their local organization
in the coming campaign? That is a question
which seems to have no answer. The outlook is cer
tainly calculated to discourage an even more desperate
man than the average unwashed voter. There is no
legal machinery by which the people can get control
of the organization. Martin Kelly's beneficent pri
mary election law has been declared unconstitutional
by the Supreme Court, and the band of political pi
rates who have grabbed the Democratic reins are not
of the sort who yield to arguments of justice.
The local Democratic organization is in the hands
of such choice spirits as "Whispering" Gavin Mc-
Nab, "Slough City" Gould and "Tenderfoot" Alford,
with Chris Buckley as patron and adviser. To ap
proach these men with a suggestion that the rank and
file of the party be let into its counsels would elicit a
horse laugh. Everybody knows what a horse laugh
is. It resembles the titter of a donkey, though
somewhat milder and more genteel.
There is some talk that the dissent from the auto
cratic rule of these political brigands will result in an
"open primary," at which the rank and file will be
permitted to choose their rulers, but this is mostly a
phantom. Boss McNab will never let the people in
on his combination. The "whispering" schemer knows
a good thing when he sees it. Having the Dem
ocracy of San Francisco under his thumb, he will keep
it there.
Besides, an "open primary," under the auspices of
the manipulators who, through the Democratic State
Committee, have wrenched the local organization
from its proud position of a popular party, would be
in the nature of an insult. What sort of an "open
primary" would they hold? How could the people
hope to overcome Boss McNab's heelers and get in
their votes? On the whole, we are not certain but the
"trustees" of the local Democracy are conferring a
favor upon the public by refraining from an "open
primary." If they should put their toughs against the
toughs of Major Harney and Colonel Rainey there
would certainly be carnage and bloodshed. Perhaps
they ought to be commended for their forbearance.
Their methods are raw and uncultured, it is true, but
a subverted and bamboozled Democratic party is
better than a bloody "open primary." which could
result in nothing but the triumph of Bosses McNab,
Gould and Alford.
But how is the rank and file of the Democratic
party going to get a hearing in this city this year?
How is the majority to make its wishes respected?
Must the local party continue to be ruled by three
usurping bosses, whose reputations, if condensed into
one, would bring less in the open market than $i —
the value placed upon Martin Kelly's in Judge Dain
gerfield's court the other day? In other words, how
can the Democracy be wrested from the grasp of
these political garroters and restored to the people?
That is the fuming question of the hour.
The Republicans are going to hold an open primary
for the election of delegates to State and municipal
conventions, at which their people will be allowed to
The outlook indicates that the Democrats will
have to wait until these conventions make their nomi
nations and then vote the entire Republican ticket.
There will probably be no other way to dislodge the
"whispering" boss and his gang.
WHEN with the news of Dewey's victory there
came the announcement that not an American
ship had been seriously injured and not a man
in the fleet had been killed there was a feeling of
some surprise. It had not been expected the Span
iards would show themselves as expert as the Ameri
cans, but it was thought they could fire with sufficient
accuracy to hit a ship steaming within comparatively
close distance of their land batteries.
Further experience with Spanish artillerists in the
West Indies has made us altogether contemptuous
of their fire. With the exception of the Winslow no
American ship has suffered in the least from either
their shot or their shells. With this evidence of in
accuracy before us it was still believed, however, that
the Spaniards would prove themselves to be danger
ous foes when the battles became a question of rifle
shooting. The aiming of a big gun to hit a target
more than a mile away is a matter of mathematical
calculation rather than of clear eyes and steady hands.
The Spaniards are not eminent in science, or in the
handling of complex mechanism, and their failure to
use their modern artillery with success is therefore
readily explained. Rifle-shooting within ordinary
range, however, is a matter of hand and eye, and it
is not easy to understand why the Spaniards have
failed with that weapon almost as completely as with
the bigger gun.
For days past Spanish bushwhackers have sur
rounded the American marines landed at Guantanamo
Bay. Their attacks from the underbrush were car
ried on almost continuously, but the number of Amer
icans killed has been comparatively few. The mo
ment our troops advanced the enemy scattered and
ran away. Their shooting was utterly ineffective, and
it looks as if any American killed in the campaign
might just as well have his death recorded as the re
sult of an accident as a fatality of the battle-field.
Clearly the Spaniards are not up to the needs of
modern war. They have as good rifles as any in the
world. In fact some authorities consider their
weapons better than our own. They cannot use
them, however, half as well as some semi-barbarous
tribes. The American Indian is a better shot than
the Spaniard, and the Pathan of the mountains of
Hindostan is so far superior to him as to make the
comparison ridiculous. The Spanish race, in fact,
seems to be as degenerate as the Government. When
a people lose the power to shoot straight with a rifle
they are out of the race for supremacy in any part of
the world.
So far, Alfred Overend Esq. has hanging over him
fines aggregating $1500, because he refuses to talk
in court. While this appears to be a fair start to
ward the accumulation of an interesting set of lia
bilities there is no telling what he may yet accom
plish by persistence. The world is full of contra
dictions anyhow. Within a few days a man has
been fined in court for having talked too much.
The Montana soldier wh. smote an individual for
presuming to shout for Spain was not fined when he
reached the Police Court, and he did not deserve to
be. Of course anybody who desires has a right to
shout for Spain, but the propriety of going to Spain
to do it is too evident to need pointing out.
Perhaps the Vizcaya was not hit by any American
shell, but if she was there is no use telling anybody
that no damage was done. Spanish optimism is
giving us more things to believe than an ordinary
faith can accept.
General Miles is again in Washington, and a short
hand report of the remarks which pass between the
President and himself would be read with great in
terest.
SPANISH RIFLEMEN.
COLORADO
SOLDIER
AND THE
FLEA
BEFOKh enlisting for the war I sat me
down and thought
Of all the dreadful things with which
the service might be fraught.
And weighed with most exacting care
the dangers I would face.
And thought that I could meet them all
with uncomplaining grace.
I thought that when I'd reach the front and
checked the lengthy list.
Not one soul-trylni? hardship from the sched
ule would be missed.
But here In these Pacific sands, anear the Bob
bing sea,
I find one I had overlooked, the California
flea.
We never kneel to pay our "Now-I-lay-me
aown" at night
Without the nuisance Joining with an aggra
vating bile.
And while our thoughts we try to fix upon
the throne of grace.
They're rare to drift In sinful way toward the
other place.
We scratch and r>ray and pray and scratch In
alternating wry.
And ask forgiveness for the things we're
tempted sore to say,
Ami often feel like asking the good Lord above
why he
Created such a creature as the California flea.
COLLECTED IN
W. H. McKenzie, a banker of Fresno,
Is at the Lick.
Rube Leech, a pioneer of Grass Valley,
is at the Lick.
R. C. Walrath, a miner of Nevada City,
is at the Grand.
D. J. A. McGulre of Santa Cruz is a
guest at the Lick.
R. C. Minor, an attorney of Stockton,
is registered at the Lick.
Todd C. Woodworth, a mine owner of
Jamestown, is at the Grand.
Judge J. R. Webb and J. W. Gearhart
of Fresno are at the Grand. k
F. S. Merchant, a well-known citizen of
Healdsburg, is at the California.
Dr. C. A. Larison, a well-known mining
man of Yreka, is at the Baldwin.
C. O. Christy, an importing man of
Chicago, and wife are at the Russ.
C. A. Cook, a well-known cattleman of
Watsonville, is staying at the Russ.
J. S. Mayes, a grain man of Dixon, is
among the late arrivals at the Russ.
Charles K. McClatchy. proprietor of the
Sacramento Bee, is registered at the Lick.
A. C. Hopkinson, manager of the
Stockton Pottery of Stockton, is at the
Grand.
A. Bettens, proprietor of Byron Hot
Springs, is among the late arrivals at the
Baldwin.
George W. Mapes, one of Nevada's big
cattlemen, and daughter are registered at
tho Russ.
William H. Denlin, a Sacramento at
torney, is down on business and is stay
ing at the Lick.
C. E. Tinkham of Chico. manager of the
Sierra Mill and Lumber Company, is a
guest at the Grand.
Henry Levy, a well-known and popular
traveling man of New York, has arrived
at the Baldwin Hotel.
Hervey Lindley, well known in Repub
lican politics, is down from Klamath and
is registered at the Palace.
Captain H. Z. Osborne, recently ap
pointed Marshal for the Southern Dis
trict of California, is at the Palace.
Dr. L. Webster Fox and Dr. W. C. Hol
lopeter, two well-known Philadelphia^
physicians, were among the late arrivals
at the Palace last evening.
E. G. Snow, a prominent New York
business man, who has been spending
several weeks at the southern resorts,
returned from Los Angeles yesterday
and is registered at the Palace.
A. Dick, the representative of an Eng
lish mining syndicate that operates large
mining industries at Roslyn, B. C, and P.
Thornton, a mining expert of Edinburgh,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
| CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 17.— Frank B. King
of San Francicso is at the Savoy.
GIVE HONOR TO GRIDLEY.
Editor of the San Francisco Call: While
much has been said of the heroic achieve
ment of Admiral Dewey at Manila and
honors have been paid the living hero,
would it not be well to pay a tribute to
a dead hero as well? Captain Charles V.
Grldley fought through that battle while
in a dying condition, and a? earthly praise
can no more affect him we can at least
honor his memory. 1 suggest, and be
lieve all patriotic citizens wal join me in
the suggestion, that Point Lobos avenue
be renamed Gridley avenue, as a slight
testimonial of the people of this city to
the bravery of one who considered his
country more than his life.
MORRIS ROSENTHAL,
lOOd Mission street.
San Frnnclsco, June 17.
A QUESTION FOR DEMOCRATS.
Editor San Francisco Call: On July 31.
1789, Congress passed the first revenue
law. The act was strongly recommended
by Thomas Jefferson, Secretary of State,
on the ground that the same would fur
nish money for the support of the Gov
ernment and furnish protection to Ameri
can labor against foreign competition.
Now what connection is there oetween
Thomas Jefferson, the father of American
protection, and Thomas Jefferson whom
the free trade Democrats claim as the
father of their party?
S. ROSENBATJM.
San Francisco, June 17, 1898.
WE HAVE CONQUERED.
As a historian has said, the collective
intelligence of troops appears ln # the sus
tained accuracy of their fire. Accuracy
in gunnery is an intellectual accomplish
ment. An army may have bravery, dis
cipline and endurance, but it falls short
of the supreme point of efficiency if it
cannot reach and maintain this sus
tained accuracy. Especially is the rule
apparent in these days of rapid-fire
weapons, when a successful charge of
mere bravery is almost impossible
against well-armed troops; and when
certainty of long-distance fire is the ele
ment which will determine battles and
campaigns. In the American army and
navy Is by far the highest proportion of
first-ciass marksmen that can be found in
the world. Our regular army, almost to
a man, is composed of what abroad would
be called good military marksmen; and
more than half of the total force repre
sents what even in Germany would be
graded as sharpshooters.
The invitation of the Czar of Russia to
the Cramps and to Mr. Scott of San
Francisco is nothing less than an admis
sion that in the art and mechanics of
naval construction America has passed
ahead of European countries.
Whether we hold Cuba, Porto Rico and
the Philippines is a great question in the
world's diplomacy. A far greater ques
tion has been settled in lull sight of a
watching world — America is a nation to
be reckoned with on the topmost plane
of moral, intellectual and military states
manship. Hereafter the American citizen
will have a new respect for himself and
will find a new respect awaiting him wher
ever he wanders.
Who can measure the effect upon our
home administration, not to mention the
effect of our relations with other nations,
.which this new consciousness of our
When out on drill or dress parade, hemmed
in on every side
By laughing-eyed, bewitching girls, fair Cali
fornia's pride.
We fain would please the Western buds of
beauty so divine
By marching with our heads erect In straight
unbroken line.
But oh! our ranks are broken oft, and thrown
all out of whack
By comrades reaching for a spot located In
the ba<-k,
For he's a prince of 6trategy, a wise old bug
Is he,
And knows where It is safe to feed, that Cali
fornia flea.
We do not fear the climate In the distant
Philippines,
We do not fear the dangers of the sea that In
tervenes,
We rlo not fear the Spaniards we expect to
battle there,
Nor any other danger on the whole dariiid
bill of fare.
But every Colorado boy who wears the hon
ored blue.
Not only we higrh privates, but the shoulder
strappers, too.
Are really afraid to face the fierce rapacity
Of this blood-sucking, ravenous old California
flea. — Denver Post.
higher powers will produce? May we not
expect that the American people will de
mand greater and better things of their
public servants as they grasp the varied
power of the elements whi^h form their
national character?— St. Louis Republic.
FUTURE OF THE PACIFIC.
The prediction that the coming century
will see the bulk of the world's commerce
on the Pacific Ocean may not be realized.
There are facts connected with the race
and climate and disposition that seem to
mark the shores of the North Atlantic
as the abiding seat of supreme empire.
For two thousand years they have been
so, and there are as yet no symptoms of
decay. On the contrary, the strongest
vitality and most triumphant energy are
still centered there, with a promise of
long remaining. Nevertheless, the com
merce of the Pacific is increasing enor
mously and bids fair to continue ho 10
do, and there is no room for doubt that
the mercantile nad political importance
of that ocean and its shores will hence
forth be incomparably greater than ever
before in the known history of the world.
There is on all hands a steady pushing
thither. Great Britain has built a railroad
across the North American continent for
the express purpose of promoting Pacific
trade. Russia is building one across Si
beria for the same purpose. The chief ef
forts of European powers for months
have been to open new ports and gain
new points of vantage on the Pacific
coast of Asia. Germany has entered the
competition. France is making all possi
ble efforts for the upbuilding of her em
pire on the Pacific. The wonderland of
Japan is advancing by leaps and bounds.
To-day more than half of the world's
population is dwelling in the lands which
look upon the Pacific Ocean. What pos
sibilities of commercial development are
there!
And of all nations directly bordering
upon the Pacific this is by far the great
est. Other great nations have colonies
there; we have our own home domain.
Great Britain has vast colonies upon its
shores and islands, but she herself Is
thousands of miles from Pacific waters.
So is France. So is Germany. Russia is
connected with that ocean only by thou
sands of miles of half-settled and half
inhabitable country. But we abut direct
ly upon it with some of our richest home
territory. There is nature's warrant for
declaring that this should be the fore
most of all Pacific Ocean powers.— New
York Tribune.
HOME GUARD FUNNY MEN.
Gladys (reading the news of the first
battle*— Every man on the Hercules was
engaged and
Myrtle— Oh, Gladys, I wonder how they
found out about Fred and me? He must
have told it himself.— Cleveland Leader.
A Chance. — "But how could you have
the heart to hang a man for stealing a
ten-dollar horse?" asked the tourist.
"Fer two reasons," Rubberneck Bill ex
plained. "They wasn't nofhin' else to hang
him fer, an' they wasn't nobody else
handy to hang."— Cincinnati Enquirer.
The Cheerful Idiot.— "ls the crying of
an infant in the night," asked the newest
boarder, "a call to arms?"
"Sometimes," admitted the Cheerful
Idiot. "And again, it may be only a bot
tle-cry. It all depends."— lndianapolis
Journal.
"Here is a story," says the Kennebec
(Maine) Journal, "they are telling on a
trolley conductor in the employ of an
Eastern Maine company. There being a
slight wait, a certain member of the sex
which is not considered eligible for enlist
ment and may therefore be sat on wii.ti im
punity got the benefit of his ruling pas
sion. "Here is their conversation:
The Woman— Are you going to the Ban
gor House?
The Conductor— No, madam.
The Woman— ls this car going to the
Bangor House, then?
The Conductor— No, madam.
The Woman— Well— er—er— Is this the
car to take to go to the Bangor House?
The Conductor— lt is, madam; it passes
She clambered in and the villain smiled
on.
ANSWEKS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE RIVAL— E. N., Stockton, Cal. The
stearrter Rival, that some time ago was
in the passenger trade on the Alaska
route, has, after a visit to this port, re
turned to that trade and ie now running
between Seattle and the north.
FLAG ADVERTISING — Subscriber,
City. In Pennsylvania, Minnesota and
Dakota it is unlawful to dishonor the
American flag by its use for advertising
purposes or to mutilate or deface it. These
are State laws. There is no national law
on that subject.
THE COTTAGE ClTY— Reader, Clover
dale, Cal. The Cottage City did leave
with the malls for Dawson City and other
places in the Northwest, but she only
went as far as Seattle, and there the mail
matter was turned over to the carrier who
has the contract for conveying the same
overland.
LETTERS FOR MANILA-H. C. H.,
City. Mail matter intended for soldiers
at Manila is directed to the individual by
the grade he occupies, the name of the
organization he is attached to, Manila,
Philippine Islands. Place the matter in
the pcsteffice at the earliest convenience
and the Postofflce Department will trans
mit the same with all possible haste.
THE LANCING— N. P., Oakland. The
British ship Lancing, that left this port
last October, ia at Swansea, having
reached there April 6. Her present cap
tain is Chapman. A letter addressed to
! him at Swansea will reach him, or if he
i leaves before It reaches there it will Un
low him. Her former captain, Hatfield, is
in San Francisco, and a letter addressed
to him care of the Alaska-Yukon Trans
portation Company will reach him.
STAMPED ENVELOPES— P. M., City.
A postal regulation provides that vessels
'■ carrying United States mail may receive
letters just prior to the sailing of the ves
sel, but such letters must be inclosed In
government stamped enrelopes. Letters
I upon which stamps are affixed will not be
I received. The reason for this is that writ-
I ing an address on a letter with an em
! bossed stamp is equal to a cancellation,
while stamps affixed may be removed and
used a second time.
SILVER AND NICKEL— D. D., Occi
dental, Cal. The average weight of a sll
| ver brick is ninety pounds or about 1300
ounces. Such can be purchased from any
of the banks or assay offices. Silver in
any quantity can be purchased In the San
Francisco market. The price varies and
it may be learned from day to day in tne
quotations in the commercial department
of The Call. As there Is not a very large
demand for pure nickel, it cannot, on de
mand be furnished in large quantities in
San Francisco. Nickel anodes can be fur
nished in considerable quantity. The
price of pure nickel is $1 50 per pound and
anodes one-half that price.
TO ANNAPOLIS— A. S.. Mare Island,
Cal. Candidates for admission to the
United States Naval Academy at Annap
olis at the time of examination must not
be under the age of IS ncr more than 20,
physically sound, well formed and of ro
busl condition. They must pass a pre
d examination and bind themseivc-s
to serve in the United States navy for
eight years, unless sooner discharged.
HOSPITAL NURSE— Subscriber, Santa
Rosa, Cal. Male students in the training
school for nurse? in the City and County
Hospital of San Francisco must serve a
probationary period of throe months. If
at the end of that time a student is ac
cepted he will be paid $10 p-r month after
that. Male students enter for a term of
two years, Including the probationary
n-rm. During the term the hospital fur
nishes room, board and washing. For
further information address Mary Patton,
the principal of the training school.
ARMY STRENGTH— W. T. and others.
The following was the war strength of
the several nations named at the begin
ning of the cu/rent year: Germany,
5,166,392 officers and men; France, 4,549.."T:;
Italy, 2,181,790; Austria-Hungary, 1,761.863;
Russia. 5.005.254; Great Britain. 637 .563:
Turkey, 1.061,862; Spain. 1.512,197: Belgium.
170,963: Netherlands, 234,194; Denmark. 117.
136: Greece. 2?7,r<«; Switzerland, 498,176;
Sweden and Norway, 255.440: Bulgaria,
220,342; Servia, 271.170; Roumania, 250.537;
Japan, 349,941; China, 631,400: Mexico. 165.
427j Brazil, 98042; Chile, 75,714; Argentine
K.-publlc. 6C.237; India. 220.808] and Ven
ezuela. 257 .764. The land force of the L nit
ed States on the Ist of last January was
27.532. What its strength may be in time
of war depends upon the call for volun
teers. There are more than 15.000,000 males
in the United States who in case of neces
sity would be serviceable for the army.
NAVIES OF THE WORLD— TV. T. and
others. At tho beginning of the current
year the naval strength of the various
nations named was as follows as to num
ber of vessels of all classes, not including
subsidized vessels and obsolete vessels,
and the number of men on the active list
and the number of naval reserves:
Ships. Active. Reserves.
Great Britain 927 79.947 53.000
France 61S 50.920 84.350
Germany 316 21.513 57.000
Russia 427 40,532 45.0 V)
Spain 149 24.fi2"1 25,000
Austria-Hungary 149 13.313 2.000
Italy 313 21.724 18.W0
Denmark 127 1.559 4.000
Netherlands 197 10.603 10.000
Turkey 149 22.27fi 36,000
Portugal US 5.089 4.000
Sweden and Norway.. 124 8,279 12.500
United States 193 13,5*2 2.500
The following is the vessel strength of
the nations named: Japan. 217; China,
103; Siam. 19; Korea. 2; Argentine Repub
lic, 68; Brazil. 134; Chile, «6; Ecuador, 3;
Peru. 11; Uruguay, 11; Paraguay, 3; Mex
ico. 16.
FATHER MARQUETTE— O. A. 8.. Gil
roy, Cal. Father Jacques Marquette, born
1637, died 1675. was one of the most noted
of the pioneers of France In the New
World. He was born in Laon, France,
where he entered the Jesuit order. In
1666 he emigrated to Canada. In the
course of his missionary work among the
Indians in the Great Lakes region he
made various explorations. He founded a
mission at Sault Sainte Marie and one at
Mackinaw. Marquette and Joliet in 1673
made a long journey by canoe by way of
the Illinois river to the Mississippi and
down that stream to Arkansas. Of this
voyage Marquette left a journal. The nert
year he built a log hut on the present site
of Chicago. He then moved to Kaskaskia
and while laboring among the Illinois In
dians he was taken sick and died. His ex
plorations and notes thereon were of great
value. He has been honored by reason of
his discoveries. This department is un
able to advise you of tho truth of the ar
ticle Inclosed in your communication, but
it smacks very much of the romancer.
The individual named is not in the back
ground as described.
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsend's.*
Cream mixed candles. 25c rb. Townsends.*
Soft baby cream, 15c tt>. Townsend's. •
10 % discount to the soldiers. Townsend's.*
Townsend's famous broken randy. 2 Ib 25c*
Genuine eyeglasses, specs. 15 to 40c. 65 4th.*
Treat your Eastern friends to California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb in fire etched boxes.
627 Market street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's.), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Duchess de la Rochefoucauld-Dou
deauville, who died recently in Paris, was
for many years one of the most bnmliant
figures in Parisian society, and her hus
band is a prominent member of the Roy
alist party. She was a noted beauty in
her day, and admittance to her salon waa
regarded as a great privilege. Her life
in her residence, in the Rue de Varenni's,
while being sumptuous, was also familiar.
For years her hotel was tne center of
fetes which were the admiration of all
Paris. The entertainments she gave at
her chateaus of Bonnetable and Ecclis
mont were equally splendid and attracted
all the leading representatives of the
aristocracy.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this city July 12 for the Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated in first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold. In
cluding bertlis, meals and trip throueh the
Park. Send for circular giving rate and itiner
ary to T. K. STATEL.ER, General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. 63S Market St., S. F.
The Santa Fe Route Bells cut rate tickets to
all points East. St. Paul, }21; Kansas City,
$31; Chicago, $32 BO; New York and Boston.
$42 55. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market st.
Camp life is more pleasant with a bottle of
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters. Prevents 111
effects of bad water, dysentery, etc.
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CURES SICK
headache, indigestion and constipation. A de
lightful herb drink. Removes all eruptions of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion, or
money refunded. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
A STRANGE SUICIDE.
John Wenberg, a German tailor, aged
50 years, was found lying dead in his room
at Bloomington, 111., and an autopsy dis
closed a remarkable means of suicide.
Nine needles were sticking into his body,
evidently having been driven in by him
self with a hammer or some similar in
strument. Eight of the needles were
rusty, having been in his body some time,
but the ninth was bright and had. been
driven through his heart, causing instant
death.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actuei tests show it goes cne-
third further than any other brand.
POWDER
Absolutely Pure
HOYAL BAKINO POWDCR CO.,WtWVOWK,KING'S BRIGADE FOR THE PHILIPPINES
Regular Artillery and Vol
unteer Infantry Go on
the Third Fleet.
Cheering Welcome Given by San
Francisco to the First Tenn
essee Regiment.
Major General Merritt, U. S. A.,
spent nearly two hours yesterday at
Camp Merritt in consultation with
Major General Otis in regard to clos
lng up the details of the third Manila
expedition, and later in the day he
issued an order to General Otis desig
nating the troops that are to compose
the brigade, which will be command
ed by Brigadier General King.
The order names the troops as fol
lows: The' two battalions of the
Idaho Volunteers; the Thirteenth
Minnesota Regiment of Volunteer In
fantry; two battalions North Dakota
Volunteers; the Seventh California
Regiment of Volunteers; the Wyo
ming Battalion of Volunteers, and
two batteries — G and L — of the Third
United States Artillery, commanded
by Captain Benjamin Ju. Randolph
and Captain William E. Birkhimer,
respectively. These troops will be
transported by the steamers Morgan
HEONCE WORETHE GRAY
COLONEL WILLIAM C. SMITH of the First
Tennessee Volunteer Infantry.
City, City of Para, Ohio, Indiana and
Valencia, all of which are being put
in readiness for the reception of the
men as rapidly as possible, under the
direction of Major Long, the depot
quartermester, who is rushing the
coal and supplies on board in the ex
pectation of having this work com
pleted by next Wednesday. The ex
act date of sailing has not yet been
fixed, but it will probably be not
later than the end of next week.
The commissary officers of the va
rious commands have been instructed
to report to Colonel Baldwin, chief
commissary, what supplies are neces
sary to be taken on rboard the trans
ports. When the news of the assign
ment of the troops for this expedition
became known in Camp Merritt there
was general rejoicing, both among the
officers and men. Everybody bright
ened up at once, and Intense enthu
(jlaem jprevalled, even among tnose wi"»
were not named, as the latter knew
that with the departure of the third
fleet their turn is not far distant.
General Merritt and his staff may
sail with this expedition. He has had
the matter under consideration for
some little time, and as he is very anx
ious to depart he is making every ef
fort to so arrange his affairs that he
can go. He will probably make public
his decision to-day. At least all the
expeditionary officers at army head
quarters are expecting it, and are ac
cordingly getting everything in readi
ness for embarkation.
Mnjor R. E. Thompson, chief signal
officer of the expeditionary forces, will
sail with General Merritt, and is now
preparing to take his departure at an
hour's notice. The signal corps is yet
lacking in its required quota of expert
telegraph operators, who will perform
an important part in the conquest and
government of the Philippines. Fif
teen are coming from St. Paul, to be
followed by others from other Eastern
cities. Major Thompson will leave an
officer in San Francisco to enlist men
for the corps and forward them, to
gether with necessary supplies, to Ma
nila.
Mnjor General Otis will arrange the
details of the fourth expedition, and
will probably remain here until all the
troops are embarked. It Is hoped to
accomplish this on or before July 1.
SAN FRANCISCO FALLS
TO TENNESSEE'S TROOPS
The Soldiers From the South Cap
ture the Glty Without a
Struggle.
To the strains of "Dixie" the First
Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, carrying
proudly aloft "Old Glory," marched
off the ferryboat at the foot of Market
street yesterday morning amid the
wildest enthusiasm .s that haa greeted
any body ;of troops yet. ;It was > the
.West* welcome ji tne South* and vas
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898.
the Intrepid Southern legion answered
cheer for cheer tears dimmed many an
eye at the uniooked for demonstration
of brotherly love.
It was more than a mere greeting to
an incoming regiment. It was a tribute
of affection from a liberty loving peo
ple for their brave brothers of a distant
State. Commuters forgot their business
affairs and lingered at the depot to
join in the demonstration; women and
children found their fluttering hand
kerchiefs such a feeble means of ex
pressing their feelings that they joined
in the hurrahing with all the vim of
their lungs.
The magnificent band of the Fifty
first lowa— the finest at Camp Merritt—
offered its services to the ladies of the
Red Cross Society for the occasion, a"
compliment the officers and men from
Tennessee keenly appreciated and ex
pressed their appreciation by heartily
cheering e\ ry selection played.
The regiment crossed the bay by bat
talions, the first arriving at 6:45 a. m.
and the other two following at inter
vals of half an hour. The regular pas
sengers were permitted to pass off the
boat first and as the guns of the troops
appeared the lowa band struck up
"Dixie." The cheer that went up from
civilians and soldiers has seldom been
equaled. The boys in blue had heard
of the noble work at the Red Cross So
ciety and were anticipating some sort
of a reception upon their arrival in San
Francisco, but the greeting they re
ceived was beyond anything they had
dreamed of. Proudly they marched out
to the pier where arms were stacked
and accoutrements unslung and before
they had time to cease wondering what
it was all about the band struck up
"Marching Through Georgia" and the
men entered the dining-room, the
guests of San Francisco's band of
heroic women. While they ate the band
played several selections for their en
tertainment and the ladies— after the
men had fairly mutinied against being
forced to eat any more— decorated the
brave fellows with garlands of flowers.
While they were yet in the dining
hall "Dixie" rang out again followed
by another ~reat cheer and the second
battalion marched into the depot. Then
there was more cheering, in which the
Tennesseeans were the principal per
formers. T*.e first battalion cheered the
ladies of the Red Cross and then rushed
out to cheer their comrades and tell
them what was in store for them. The
second battalion answered with cheers
loud and piercing. They were escorted
into the dining hall and were at once
taken In hand by their hostesses.
Colonel Smith and his field and staff
officers, who came over with the sec
ond battalion, were made captives by a
score of pretty girls who hardly gave
them a chance to satisfy their appe
tites so eager were they to transform
the warriors into animated flower gar
dens. Finally a detachment of (Jrand
Army men charged and effected the
rescue of the gallant old colonel and
stood guard around him until he was
called forth by his subordinates to ex
press the thanks of his command to
its entertainers. This he did in an ad
dress brimming with patriotism and the
crowd In the dining hall and the greater
throng outside cheered him to the echo.
For the third time "Dixie" started the
crowd toward the ferry slip and soon
the third battalion marched up and
stacked arms. Their reception was a
repetition of that accorded the others,
Bwhen the last man had been fed
adorned J. B. Stetson mounted a
S and called en the men from Ten
ee to give three cheers for Presi
dent McKinley. Twelve hundred throats
sent up a shout, the like ot which has
never before been heard in the Golden
State. As it rose clear and ear-splitting
men who wore the blue a third of cen
tury ago started involuntarily, for
again they heard the cry that often
they had heard on the battle fields of
years gone by, the cry that warned
them of the coming of the foe with re
sistless force and fury.
Calls for vocal volleys for Dewey, for
Sampson, for Hobson and the other
heroes brought forth that same thrilling
whoop and then Colonel Smith took
Mr. Stetson's place and called upon his
men to give three cheers for the ladies
of the Rod Cross Society. The call w.-:s
responded to with a shout, better
likened to a scream, louder more thril
ling, more piening than all that had
preceded it. That yell— the famous old
rebel yell— has made many a Saxon
foeman quail in the past; if it ever
rings out over the forests and glades of
the distant Philippines it will rout the
Spanish hosts without firing a shot.
San Francisco's door swings wide to
the sons of Tennessee.
There was one member of the regi
ment who made a greater hit with th«
people than even Colonel Smith. That
was "Zeke," the mascot. "Zeke" is a
diminutive warrior of 13 years, who
has been formally adopted by the com
mand. His home is in Nashville,
where his parents reside. "Zeke,"
whose other name is Carsey, has been
a camp follower of the First Trnnes
see for three years, and is a general
favorite with officers and men, mainly
because of his ready wit and his su
perior musical abilities. As a piccolo
player "Zeke's" superior, even among
professionals, would be hard to find.
He is an expert drummer and picks the
banjo and thrums, drums or blows a
half dozen other instruments. "Zeke"
traveled across the continent in the
colonel's car and was a constant source
of entertainment to the officers. His
mother gave her consent to his accom
panying the regiment and "Zeke" will
go through to Manila with it, for he is
only happy when with "the boys."
When the Third Battalion landed at
the ferry one of the companies brought
over a prisoner in the person of the col
ored porter of one of the Pullman cars
in the section. The regiment drew
two months' pay the day it loft Nash
ville and the men were hurried on
board the» cars without being given an
opportunity to spend a cent of the (38,.
000 they had burning holes in their
pockets. Some of the boys developed
a thirst as arid as the desert they
crossed in Nevada, but as they were
under strict military discipline they
had no chance to get past the guards
when the train stopped and soak up
their throats. . In their distress the oc
cupants of the car pressed the porter
into service and at Reno he loaded up
with several pocket flasks. He was
caught in attempting to smuggle the
supplips into the car and was kept in
close confinement all the rest of the
trip. It was intended to take him out
to camp and court-martial him, but
word was telegraphed to the superin
tendent of the Fuilman Company in
this city, who met Colonel Smith at the
ferry and finally secured the porter's
release, much to that dusky individ
ual's happiness.
The regiment formed in lines soon af
ter 9 o'clock and, preceded by the I.,wa
band, started out to camp. Market
street was alive with people who cheer
ed the troops to thf> echo. Factory
whistles were turned loose, firecrackers
popped all along the line, while the
cannon in the Claus Spreckela
building boomed out a thunder
ous welcome. Camp was reached
shortly before nohn and the Ten
nesseeans were given another rous
ing reception by their comrades in
arms as they marched to the lot for
merly occupied by the First Colorado.
Tents were pitched and by night the
command was comfortably settled.
All the requisitions for quartermaster
stores and ordnance were turned into
the Government a month ago, and the
redment eXDects to be eauiDDed. in time
to go out on the fourth expedition.
Every member is anxious to get to the
front at the earliest possible moment
and all it needs is its equipment to
make it one of the most effective regi
ments in the whole volunteer service.
It is a finely drilled command and has
seen some hard service, having sup
pressed the Cold Creek strikes in the
East Tennessee Mountains in 1592, a
campaign that lasted for many weeks,
during which time the men were often
under heavy fire.
GENERAL MERRiTT'S PLAN
The Commanding Officer De-
cides to Sail With the Next
Expedition.
Something has happened to cause a rush
of preparation for the third Manila expe
dition. The activity at headquarters of
the Department of the Pacific is such that
non-combatants notice that the staff of
ficers have their hands full of business.
The- announcement may be made officially
to-day that Major General Merritt will
sail for the Philippines along with the
next expeditionary force. It was under
stood at headquarters yesterday that he
bad made up his mind to go with the next
fleet. Officer* of his staff begin to take
account of their personal affairs, so that
they may be able to leave at an hour's
notice.
The latest dispatches from Admiral
Dewey report that the native troops sur
round Manila and that the surrender of
the city may take place at any time. The
news comes from Spain that the Spanish
admiral' has sailed for the east. A fleet
leaving San Franc' Sco within the next
ten days would, under fair steaming
speed, be able to reach Manila before the
Spanish squadron now sailing from- Cadiz
get to t lie entrance of Manila har
bor. The commander of the Cadiz fleet
may make i great talk about going up
against Dewey at Cavite, but, judging
future Spanish tactics by the past, it is
Bafe to predict that the Spanish fleet will
seek shelter In Borne island harbor and
threaten the United States transports.
No om In San Francisco or anywhere
else in the country wants to hasten Gen
eral Merriu's departure from our shores,
but the fact is obvious, nevertheless, that
delay in starting will increase the perils
of his voyage. The Monterey, the Charles
ton and the troops under General Ander
son will Kivi* Admiral Dewey a re-enforce
nient. that will enable him to stand off the
Cadiz fleet, but he might not be able to
preveni Spanish cruisers from prowling
around near the entrance of Manila Bay.
General Merritt, in his capacity of Gov
ernor General of the Philippine Islands,
mi^ht l" 1 som#what embarrassed if he
should land ihe better part of his army at
Manila and noi be able to go there himself
tn direct operations in person. The cruiser
i ■;. idelphla, leaving San Francisco with
in the next few weeks, should be abje, un
der pressure, to get to Manila ahead of
the Spanish fleet. T'nder fair conditions,
the Monadnock, leaving here within three
;■ -iir days, should be able to join the
United States fleet at Cavite before the
Spanish squadron arrives off Manila Bay.
Should the Spanish admiral, after pars
ing through the Suez canal, be able to de
tach from the fleet two or three fast
cruisers and colliers he might be able to
Intercept the fourth expedition from San
Francisi o. Ships of the third expedition
leaving here ;>: ; early as June 25 should
reach Manila before any hostile cruisers
n.'\v passing Gibraltar could intercept
them.
TROOPS AT CAMP MERRITT.
Arrival of Recruits for the
Regular and Volunteer
Organizations.
The funeral of Private Orville R.
Knight. Company F, Twentieth Kansas
Regiment, took placo yesterday after
noon. The remains were laid in the Na
tional Cemetery at the Presidio by his
comrades. The regiment accompanied
the remains to their last resting place.
The ceremonies were simple but wonder
fully impressive.
The remains of Albert Fergus, Company
E, Twentieth Kansas, who died on the
same day as Knight, will be sent to his
home at Yates Center, Kan., for inter
' Lieutenant Klmball, with 19 recruits
from Salt Lake City for the Utah Cav
alry, arrived yesterday and reported to
Captain Came.
The Twenty-third United States Infan
try has now completed Its rolls, the regi
ment at present being equipped up to the
maximum Btrength. All of its excess will
be turned over to the general recruiting
service.
Colonel Ovenshine is expecting in a few
*• *• \ •. \ \ <-• '. \ c» % Z* 5i c« £• c* 0* v*
WARLIKE WILLIE.
I note that Willie R. Hearst of !
this Examiner-Journal has arm- !
ed, manned and equipped the !
Buraneer for war and offers his !
personal services to the Govern- I
ment. I have expected this for !
some time. With the large and !
promiscuous collection of old !
battle axes and si^pe guns he has !
surrounded himself with, I !
could see no other way of utiliz- !
ing them unless he spiked them !
and threw them overboard. If ■
the enemy ever boards that craft !
God help them and keep them !
hale!— Expositor.
days 20 recruits from Dallas, Tex., and
upon their arrival they will be turned
over to the general service.
The question of horses at Camp Mer
ritt has been one that would not down,
but it seems now to have been success
fully adjusted by the War Department.
Officers who owned private mounts were
fir^t ordered to either ship them home or
turn them over to the department for
cavalry use. A wall went up and the
matter went before the department,
which yesterday ordered that the horses
must be shipped home at the expense of
their owners or sold according to the
original order.
A board of inspection composed of Cap
taln Murray, Captain Devol and Lieu
tenant Martin will sit this morning to re
ceive all offers and Inspect all horses.
The First South Dakotas were paid off
yesterday.
' Viss U. Works of Dcs Moines arrived
yesterday at the camp <if the Fiftv-flrst
lowa She expects to proceed with the
regiment to Manila as nurse. Miss Weeks
volunteers her services and travels at her
own expense.
AT FORT POINT.
Sixth Infantry Battalion Placed
on Duty at the High-
Power-Guns.
Commencing with last Thursday night
the guards of the Third United States Ar
tillery at Fort olnt were withdrawn and
their places taken by those from the four
companies of the Sixth California. Majors
Gus G. Grant and R.K. Whitmore are
with tho companies, but the former being
the senior officer is in command;-
The volunteers are all um-er Major Kin
zie of the Third United States Artillery,
who is exceedingly well liked by all the
officers and men of the Sixth.
The health of the volunteers is good,
and they like their new ■•; location ? much
better than the old camp pround at the
terminus of the Union .street cable line.
The air is much purer and exhilarating,
and the boys have more of a get-up about
them as a result.
Although the boys of. the Sixth are be
ginning to feel that there is no probabil
ity of their being rent to the front, still
they are making the best of the situa
tion and are behaving themselves ad
mirably.
Majors. Grant and Whitmore are pains
taking in seeing that the men under them
are well treated in every respect; and
this feeling for the welfare of the soldiers
is reciprocated by: the latter in a hlgn de
gree. ■■■'- . ■'..■-.:"" ■ ; .■ "-"■■■-.'. *' J - ■ '.'■■■■''■■
The Third Artillery band is used by the
battalion of the .Sixth. California Infantry
at Fort Point parade and guard mount
daily. The battalion mounts 35 men at
guard, and the sentry line extends clear
around the fortifications. Ball cartridges
have been issued, and the sentries are in
structed to fire upon anybody who ap
proaches the line who cannot give a sat
isfactory account of himself.
DR. POTTER HONORED.
The Physician Presented With
a Sword and Pistol by
College Students.
In the presence of nearly 300 students of
the medical department of the University
of California, Dr. Samuel O. L. Potter
was presented with a beautiful sword and
serviceable Colt's revolver for service in
Manila. The presentation of these ar
ticles was a great surprise to the recipi
ent, and was made still greater by the
presence of the faculty of the college.
Dr. Potter some weeks ago severed his
connection with the college to accept a
billet of surgeon in the volunteer army.
That his action was viewed with approval
by his fellow members was shown yes
terday. He was invited to appear at the
college yesterday morning, and on his
arrival, he was escorted to the classroom
by Dr, Winslow Anderson, and followed
by other well-known physicians. As soon
as the door leading to the classroom was
thrown open the students arose in a body
and cheered lustily. Dr. Potter was sur
prised with the reception, but was non
plused when Dr. Hodgehead stepped for
ward and in a speech filled with patriotic
sentiment and encomium, he presented
the weapons to the doctor. In a voice
quivering with emotion and joy Dr. Pot
ter neatly responded, causing more en
thusiasm to fill the hall.
Dr. Potter is well known to people in
this city as superintendent of the Home
for Inebriates, but he is widely celebrated
throughout the United States and Eng
land as the author of several splendid
medical works. He is entitled to the de
grees of A. M., M. D., and is a member
of the Royal College of Physicians of
London. This is not the first time he has
been in the army. When 16 years of age
he enlisted and participated in many bat
tles of the civil war.
WILL DO GUARD DUTY.
The Washington Volunteers
Preparing to Take Charge
of the Bay Posts.
The Washington Volunteers, who have
been ordered elsewhere from Fontana
Barracks, will not move for three or four
days. The Second Battalion, under Lieu-
SOLDIERS FROM THE SOUTH.
tenant Colonel Fife, will be the first to
leave, having been assigned to duty at
Angel Island. The First Battalion, under
Major Weisenberger, will take Its depart
ure a day or two later and go into camp
at the Presidio. Notwithstanding this as
signment to guard duty, the Washington
Volunteers still entertain hopes of being
sent to Manila. They are all very anx
ious to go to the front, and should they be
kept here they will be greatly disap
pointed.
The regiment is to be recruited to its
full strength as rapidly as possible, two
recruiting details having been sent to
Washlrgton to visit the most important
towns in that State.
The officers of the two battalions of the
Washington Volunteers spent yesterday
morning in visiting the Union Iron Works
and viewing the ships in course of con
struction there.
PATRIOTIC HELPERS .
Ciaus Spreckels Sends a Hand
some Check to the
Society.
Work with the Society of the Patriotic
Home Helpers is progressing rapidly and
most encouragingly; meetings are held
daily at the headquarters in the Occident
al Hotel and numerous applications for
assistance are received by the ladies of
the society, showing the urgent necessity
of helping those whose only support has
been taken away by the departure of hus
bands and brothers to Manila.
Yesterday the promoters of the society
were delighted to receive the following
letter from Claus Spreckels:
SAN FRANCISCO, June 18, 1898.
Hester Harland, Society Patriotic I»ime
Helpers, Son Francisco, Cal.— Dear Madam:
Inclosed you will find check for $1000. which
you will please accept as a token of my appre
ciation of the splendid work your society is
accomplishing. Tours very truly,
CLAUS SPRECKELS.
The contributions up to date are as fol
lows:
Horace Hill, $25; Major Hooper. $25; Mrs.
George Grannis, $5; Colonel M. H. Hecht. $20;
B. R. Hecht, $10; General T. H. Goodman 55;
L. Doimant, $1: Hermann Epptnger, lit; Mrs.
George W. Gibbs, $25; Jesse Lilienthal, $5:
Judge Van R. Patereon. $20; Miss Grace Hecht,
♦1 Mrs Merritt H. Weed. $2; Mr«. Luther
Holton $5; Claus Spreckels. $1000; M. J. Wall,
$100; F. H. Woods, $100; William Thompson, $5;
Mrs A. Goodman. $10; Mrs. A. S. Park, $5;
Mrs William Ashburner, $10; Mrs. Theodore
Lilienthal, $5; S. W. Rosenstock. $25.
ORDERED TO EMBARK.
Batteries G and L, Third U. S.
Artillery, Preparing to Go
Aboard the Para.
Batteries G and L of the Third United
States Artillery, having been assigned to
duty in the Philippines, have been ordered
to be in readiness to embark on the City
of Para by next Wednesday.
An interesting event in the way of mili
tary attraction will be the guard mount
music at the Presidio this morning at
11:30 by the mounted band of the Fourth
United States Cavalry Regiment.
The Friday afternoon concert near the
rp«*irlpnce of" the Presidio post command
ant Lieutenant Colonel Morris, attracted
quite a large audience.
It is now believed that the troops of the
Fourth Cavalry, which have been ordered
to Join the Philippine expeditionary
forces will not move from the Presidio
until they go on board ship.
Troop G of the Fourth Cavalry arrived
in San Francisco from Walla Walla at a
late hour last night.
War Incidents.
Twenty-five members of the First Ten
nessee Infantry had to be sent out to
camp in an ambulance. The majority are
convalescing from measles.
Colonel Smith of the First Tennessee
received a telegram yesterday stating
that the detail left behind to recruit the
.regiment up to the maximum had started
for San Francisco with all the recruits
needed.
The patriotic letter carriers of Station
F, Sacramento and Fillmore streets, yes
terday morning flung a handsome new
flag to the breeze over their quarters and
accompanied the ceremony with appro
priate and cleverly conceived exercises,
after the fashion of letter-carriers. The
flag was bought by general subscription
through the efforts of Superintendent Ty
ler's clerk, Ed Sawyer and Carriers Fee
ney, Locke and Hodnel. After the reci
tation of a patriotic selection by Super
intendent Tyler, the colors were raised
midst a burst of cheers and fire crackers,
and the carriers of Station F returned to
their sacks and daily rounds with the
happy consciousness of having about the
handsomest stand of colors that graces
any station in the city.
THE NATIONAL CELEBRATION.
The Executive Committee Is Deter
mined to Live Within the
Appropriation.
The executive committee of the Fourth
of July committee met last night and dis
cussed matters of finance for over two
hours. It is the determination of the
committee to remain within the $3000 ap
propriation of the Supervisors and not
solicit outside subscript-ions..
The committee decided to allow $500 for
a pyrotechnic display on the prounds op
posite the Chutes. The managers of the
Chutes and the railroad officials will, in
addition, contribute $300 to the fund.
The regatta committee was voted $320
to be spent in the purchase of medals.
Estimates of the expenses to be in
curred by the several sub-committees
were received and it is believed that the
celebration can be conducted in a proper
manner with the money appropriated by
the city. The heaviest expense to be in
curred will be that of music, and on mo
tion of Fred Raabe, chairman of the mu
sic committee, it was decided that none
but union musicians be employed.
A BOUSING CAMPFIRE.
Anniversary of the Battle of Bunker
Hill Observed in an Enthu
siastic Manner.
The anniversary of the battle of Bunker
Hill was celebrated last evening by the
veterans of the war of IS6I-65 of Lincoln
Post No. 1 and Garfleld Post No. 34, De
partment of California and Nevada, Grand
Army of the Republic. The celebration
was in the form of a campnre tendered
to the young volunteers of 1898, and was
held in B'nai B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy street.
Th? chairman of the committee was C.
Tennessee Volunteers Pitching Tents at
Camp Merritt,
Mason Kinne, who presided over the as
sembly in a very happy manner. There
was quite a large attendance and much
enthusiasm and merriment was caused
by the very enjoyable programme, which
was made up of a pleasing variety of
songs, stories and addresses, all of a
patriotic character, by General W. H. L.
Barnes, General N. P. Chipman, General
E. S. Salomon, Judge H. C. Dibble, Colo
nel W. R. Smedberg and others, among
whom were several officers and enlisted
men from Camp Merritt. Eight long ta
bles were filled with an abundance of
edibles of all kinds donated by the gener
ous merchants of San Francisco. It was
a very inviting spread and was appre
ciated by the guests. The Firemen's band
was in attendance and discoursed patri
otic music at frequent intervals through
out the evening.
JjABOB COUNCIL WAKING UP.
It Is Considering Plans to Materially
Increase Its Usefulness.
The Labor Council is at present dis
cussing ways and means to increase its
income and decrease its expenses. As
things stand at present the average
monthly income Is about $40, which is
eaten up regularly by the expense roll,
leaving nothing for the proverbial rainy
day. and interfering with any new work
which tly; council desires taking up, but
which may require an expenditure. At
present there is nothing in the treasury.
Several propositions were considered,
among which was that of increasing the
membership roll. There are several un
affiliated unions in the city, and while
the council has an organizing committee
it has done very little toward bringing
them in. The organizing committee will
be thoroughly stirred up and a little new
blood introduced.
A committee from the Building Trades
Council was admitted and brought up the
subject of the celebration of Labor day.
Mr. McCartney outlined a plan of the two
bodies holding a joint picnic at Schuet
zen Park during the day and suitable ex
ercises in some public hall at nlghi. A
committee consisting of J. Hill. E. Ro
senberg, W. Mac Arthur M. Davis, Carle
ton H. Johnson, E. L. Clapp and J. Wal
ter was appointed to act in conjunction
with the Building Trades committee in
making arrangements for the celebra
tion.
The executive committee reported that
a imion of photo-engravers has been or-
ganized, and that it will probably afflliata
with the council.
The Musicians' Union reports that it
has been unable to induce the Danish
societies to cancel the contract with the
non-union band engaged to play at their
coming picnic.
LAWLER'S RIFLE
MEANT MISCHIEF
A. DESPERATE MAN IN THE MIS
SION HOLDS A POSSE AT BAY.
He Was Finally Cowed and Tamely
Submitted to Ar
rest.
What came near being another Mission
tragedy was fortunately averted yester
day afternoon by the courage of a posse
of police officers from the Seventeenth
street station. In this case the antagonist
of the police was as well if not better
armed than was Murderer Hines, who
6hot the late Lieutenant Burke.
The trouble, which had Its origin
in the domestic quarrels of a family
named Lawler, came near ending in
bloodshed at the residence of the
family at 2545 Seventeenth street, near
Potrero avenue, yesterday afternoon, when
Police Officer George Farreli was sent by
Lieutenant Price to serve on Lawrence
Lawler a warrant which had been sworn
out by his brother Joseph for disturbing
the peace.
When Farrell arrived at the house and
made his business known he was met by
the man for whom he had the warrant
armed with a 44-caliber rifle and a belt
about his waist with 100 cartridges se
curely In their places ready for use.
Armed in this way, he stationed himself
at the head of the stairway and notified,
the officer that he would "kill the first
man that attempted to lay a hand on.
him.
Not desirous of being- made an angel,
Farrell retired to the nearest police alarm
box and notified Lieutenant Price of the
situation. Price called Sorgeant Blank
and Officers Feeny and Riehl. and with
the patrol-wagon dispatched them to the.
scene. A hurried consultation was held
by the invading force, and it was decided
to storm the house and bring Lawler in
dead or alive. After the officers got in
side they pulled their pistols and dashed
in, regardless of danger. The armed man
still stood his ground at the head of the
stairs, with his rifle pointed at the ap
proaching officers, and renewed his threat
of making work for the Coroner if any of
the men approached him. In the mean
time his sisters came upon the scene and
implored the officers not to shoot. This
to a certain extent pacified their brother
and gave the officers a chance to slip past
him on the stairway and disarm him.
Afterward he was handcuffed and thrown
into the wagon and locked up on the
charge of an attempt to commit murder
and disturbing the peace.
When questioned regarding his resisting
arrest he said that his brother had
threatened to have him thrown out by
the police, and he was determined to re
sist until his rights were adjusted.
Since the death of the father of this
family of ten children there has been con
siderable bickering and quarreling over
the property left them by the old man, as
he made no will. The eidest brother,
Joseph, was appointed executor of the
estate, and his brother claims that he has
made no attempt to sell or dispose of it
for the purpose of dividing it between the
heirs. Lawrence holds a note from his
brother Joseph for $ISS, which sum he
wanted for the purpose of going to the
Klondike, so as to be away from his un
pleasant surroundings.
WATEB FOR YOUNTVILLE.
The Hand Pump and Windmill Will
Soon Be Things of the Past.
The handpump and windmills in Yount*
ville will soon be things of the past, aa
that neat little township will have an.
abundant water supply before many
months. The Supervisors of Napa County
have Just granted a franchise to J. K.
Prior of this city for the purpose of run
ning mains along the county road and
through the streets of Yountville from hia
40,000-gallon reservoir which stands about
5000 yards from the site of the town. In
addition to this, the Supervisors have en
tered into contracts with ten parties to
sprinkle the county road from Napa to
Calistoga. the distance being snbdivided
into ten sections. Prior obtained one of
the sections— that near Yountville, where
he has an abundant water supply to fur
nish the entire road sprinkling, besides
the supplying of the township with what
may be necessary.
Alice Rix
With the Awkward Squad
To .Next Sunday's Call, j}
78
CYCLISTS WILL
PICNIC
ON MARIN SLOPES.
The leading event in cycling circles to
morrow is the annual picnic run of tho
Bay City Wheelmen and their ex-mem
bers and invited guests. Heretofore this
event has been known as the Wetmore
run to Blythedale. but that hostelry Is so
crowded with guests that It Is impos
sible for the wheelmen to be accommo
dated, bo they hit upon the plan of pic
nicking at Millwood, about a mile from
their old haunts at Blythedale, and one
of the prettiest spots In Matin County.
The run has been divided Into two
squadrons: the wheeling contingent, or
flying squadron, will take the 9:?0 a. m.
Tlburon boat, and wheel from that point
via Belvedere and Alto to destination.
Over sevdnty-flve have already signified
their Intention of making the journey
this way. The "infirm." as Captain Lar
kln characterizes those who will go by
train, are to take the 10 a. m. Sausallto
boat and train to Millwood station, on
the SHU Valley branch. There will b<?
games of all outdoor kinds and an ample
iunch spread In the v.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will have
a run to-morrow to Tocoloma. in Marln
• >-. Members will mert Captain
on the S o'clock Sausalito ferry. The
roads are In fine condition, the pace will
bo easy and a line lunch is assured.
E. E. ("Pinky") Stoddard of the Bay
City Wheelmen is back from a two
months' trip through the Northwest.
•Tob I ennie is expected home next
week. Sandy Plummer left for the
Southern mines yesterday.
The Ariel Road Club, under Onptain
Qoi tz. will have a run to Ban Rafael to
morrow. Members will meet at the S
o'clock Sausalito ferry. At the next regu
lar meeting ot the club, to be held on
Wednesday. July 6, the annual election
of officers' will be held. The club is In a
flourishing condition.
The Olympic Cyclers have postponed
Indefinitely their proposed run to Es
calles. scheduled lor :. .-morrow. No rea
son Is given except tack ot interest on
thr part of the members.
.lanios Joyce Jr., the popular exponent
of the chainless wheel, passed through
here last Saturday from Los Angeles, on
his way East via Portland. At Portland
he received a wire fr>m Hartford. Conn.,
that a Miss Watkins, to whom he was
engaged to be married, had died, and
started East at once on a special
train. The many friends that Joyce has
on the coast will sympathize with
him in his present bereavi ment.
The Imperial Cycling Club will have a
yachting party to-morrow an annual
t th» club. Th<> party is lim
ited to the accommodations of their Bail
ing craft, and a Jolly time is assured.
Herbert IX Clark of the Bay City
V h< el men is touring In Southern Califor
nia and incidentally spreading the gospel
id roads to all Who will listen.
The consensus of opinion among the or
ganized cyclers Is thai the recent regula
tions ■ the Golden Gate Park
Coromlsisoners affecting pedestrians and
ra are particularly fair, and the
whi •■linen . : re very much gratified at the
consideration they were shown.
Howard B. Freeman, the Bay City
CHAMPION BASKET-BALL PLAYERS OF THE COAST.
Wheelmen's most active representative I
on the Eastern track, snowed Bald, Coop- j
er. Tom Butler. Dr. Brown, Orlando Ste
vens and a half doz<-n others under in
the hftif-mlle open race at Utica last
Monday. Freeman came way from the j
back and passed the struggling bunch as i
though it were at a standstill. He left j
no room open for a doubt in this instance,
and those in the- East who were saying
that FYeeman was un exploded wonder
have taken it nil back now and again hail !
his name as the coming champion. Free- i
man is one of four of the Bay City boys |
row in the East. Harry Terrill has just ■
arrived lure with Monsieur Verilhac and
will meet the New Yorkers at Berkeley
oval this Saturday. Bob Torrill is pacing
for the American Association, and is not
in condition to enter the races yet.
Charlie Wells enters the field also this j
Saturday, after a winter of loafing and !
careful attention to his condition. Wells!
wae never in better shape to do well than j
right now, having hud six weeks of care- |
ful preparation.
The entry blanks and prize list for the j
big State meet at Sacramento on the aft- j
ernoon of July 4. to be conducted by the i
Capital City Wheelmen, are out. The
meet will involve a heavy expense, but I
nevertheless the prize list in a liberal one.
It Is as follows:
Mile open, — First prize, grold medal;
second prize, silver medal.
Two-mile open, tandem— First prize, two dia
mond lockets, $17 50 each; second prize, two
pair trousers, $10 each.
Mile handicap— First prize, suit clothes, $35;
second prize, suit clothes, $25; third prize, fur
nishing groi>dß, fir..
rive-mile Invitation— prize, $35 diamond
■watch charm.
Mile., C. A. C. C. champions (professionals
and amateurs)— First prize, gold melal, $35;
Becond prize, sliver 8t"!> watch, $20; third
prize, Winchester rifle, $10.
The flve-miln invitation race Is expected
to be the star event, though the C. A. C.
C mile championship will probably be
more attractive to the riders. Entries
close June 27, and if blanks are not to be
had at any local clubroom, they can be
.secured by addressing a note to the Capi
tal City wheelmen. Sacramento. There
is no entrance fee. The race meet com
mittee consists of M. S. Lavenson, 9. A.
Woodson and 11. Taubner Goethe.
li. W. BPALDING.
CHAMPION DOGS
COURSE TO-DAY
Union Coursing Park is rapidly advanc
ing to the front in popularity, and doubt
less it will soon be. recognised as the
great Inclosed coursing demesne of Amer
ica. To-day the much looked for cham
pionship stH«\.e will be contested, and
apart from this popular event a 72-dog
stake will afford pleasure seekers no end
of enjoyment.
A year ago to-uay 32 dogs were deemed a
largo number to run In any one week.
To-day 132 are not unusual. At Union
Park a non-winner stake and a champion
event Is being run off. The sport at both
parks will open at the usual hour and
continue through to-morrow.
The champion stake at Union Park
looks to be another for For Freedom.
Massey's Eastern dogs should be heard
from at Ingleside again this week. Mas
bey land>d second and fourth last week.
The two parks appear to have changed
many dogs Ui.b week. Non-winners at
ooch have figured as stake dogs at the
other.
Gladstone, the Man of the Century,
By Walter Besant,
In next Suiidajr'g Call. ?
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
OARSMEN HARD
AT WORK
FOR EL CAMPO.
All lovers of oarsmanship are looking
forward with interest to the special cham
pionship match race between William Me-
Causland of the Ariel Rowing Club and
Alex Pape of the Dolphin Boat Club
on Sunday, June 26. The race should be
an interesting one.
The match in barges between the senior
and the German crews of the Ariel Row
ing Club at the regatta last Sunday was
so unsatisfactory in its results that the
two crews will have another race.
In general comment upon the crews in
all the harpes last Sunday it may be
said that they lack uniformity of style:
the men do not swing evenly and stralgrht
ly back and forth; they are slow in get-
ting out their hands, and there is little
or no "catch" at the beginning of the
stroke. The lack of 'catch," however,
is, doubtless, to be attributed to the
weight of the barges, which do not re
spond quickly to the oarsmen's efforts, and
so lack "life." All the men seem to have
been put on slides before they had learned
to row on fixed seats, and the lack of
uniformity of style is attributable to in
sufficient and imperfect coaching. If one
of the barge crews, with its lack of even
swing and watermanship, were put into
a racing four-oar, the boat would roll
to such an extent that the men would
never feel sure of getting their oars out
of the water at the end of the stroke,
and would be liable to feather under
water. Yet the senior crews of the Ariels
and South Endw, by dint of hard work
and good time, undoubtedly make their
boat travel. These criticisms are made
from the point of view of a man accus
tomed to the perfect nwu g and rhyth
mical uniformity of the Lest eights at
Oxford University and Henley, rowing in
smooth water in the lightest boats. Such
craft could not be used in the rough
waters of the bay, and the comparatively
heavy barge calls for no special degree
of watermanship in the oarsmen. But no
excuse can be offered for the ungainly
action of the outer elbow seen in some
of the rowers; no matter what kind of
craft he is sitting in, the oarsman's el
bows should come close past his sides.
If the regatta committee, of which the
well-known pioneer oarsman J. T. Sulli
van is chairman, can secure a good ap
propriation from the Fourth of July
committee, it is proposed to hold an open
interclub regatta on the Fourth.
Last Sunday the Senior four of the
South End Rowing Club— R. McArthur,
stroke; Tom Lynch, afterwaist; Walter
Duplissea, forward waist; Tom Lynch,
bow, and Charles Skelly, coxswain— w<»nt
out for practice; also the Junior barge crew,
consisting of C. Jenkins, stroke; C.
Crc-ighton, afterwaist; I. Williams, for
wardwalst. and W. Fox, bow. J. Pallas
and Mat Breen were out in skiffs, and
\V. Thomas in a shell. W. Fox, of the
champion intermediate crew, is still in
San Jose, convalescent, but not able to
row. Another member of the intermediate
crew. Alec McGeorge, is sick. Walter
DupHssea, of the "Irish" barge crew, has
Joined Battery G, Third Artillery and is
now at the Presidio; the two Lynches
have aleo intimated their intention of en
listing in the regular army. It will be
necessary for the South End Club to or
ganize new senior, intermediate and jun
ior crews; G. Carson and F. Duplissea
will be the nucleus of the senior crew.
The sculler. Dr. C. C. Dennis, is not
seen round the boathouse now at all;
and J. 8. Foley, last year's junior skiff
champion, may enter the senior skift race
at the El Campo regatta. The South
End Club has received several applica
tion for membership: T. Grennan, W. F.
Murphy, William Otts, the boxer, Frank
Dougherty and F. C. Raymond will be
Initiated at the next meeting. The club
has ordered a new set of barge oars from
the East, and expects to receive tbem
in time for the next regatta.
The Alameda Boat Club needs a new
oarsman to take the place of George
Willis in the junior barge crew. At a
general meeting of the club on Tuesday,
June 14. arrangements were made for get
tine the boats to El Camcu; they, as
well as the oarsmen, will be transported
free.
S. J. Pembroke has received a letter
from his son, who writes that there was
a great day's sport at Lake Bennett on
May 24. Rowing, canoeing, running
hurdling. Jumping, and other contests
Jxom .parly, xnorningrr until Jate at nigbj;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898.
some of the performances being very
creditable.
The officials of the El Campo regatta
are: Referee. Al Fritz; starter, P. J.
Enrlght: marshal, M. J. Colnan; timers,
J. T. Sullivan. Joseph Keenan. John
Elliott and J. Maas; judges, Ed Shea, D.
Lahey, J. D. Batteaux, a. Taylor, F. J.
Sullivan, J. Laib, J. Foley and A. Me-
George.
» ♦
ALL ABOUT DOGS
AND KENNEL CLUBS
At last the Pacific Coast will place be
fore the American Kertinl Club a proposi
tion to substitute satisfactory rules in
place of the present ones. For the first
time since the objectionable new classi
fication has been in force the opposing
sentiment has crystallized into a definite
plan. At an informal meeting of a few
representative fanciers, convened by the
Verona kennels at Pleasanton on Sunday
last, the following gentlemen were pres
ent: Dr. Fred W. cV Evelyn, J. E. de
Ruyter, J. G. Barker and H. H. Carlton of
San Francisco; C. IX. Harker of San Jose
and Norman J. Stewart of Armona.
It was decided to call a convention for
the first Saturday in July of delegates
from all the kennel clubs on the coast,
each club holding bench shows to send
two delegates and each specialty club one
delegate.
It is proposed to submit to the clubs for
consideration a new classification, to con
sist of:
— Puppy class as at present.
Second— Novice class optional at dis
cretion of club holding show, or to be
determined by number of entries in the
breed.
Third— class open to all dogs ex
cept champions.
Fourth— Premier class, open to dogs
having scored four wins In open class.
Fiftn— Champion class,, open to dogs
having won three times in premier claa«.'
If these rules meet the approbation of
the convention they are to be submitted
to the A. K. C., with the Indorsement of
all the clubs participating.
In the latter event the rules will be
sent to every club in the United States
that is a member of the A. K. C, and
these will be requested, if they approve
of the rules, to instruct their delegates
to vote for them at the September meet
ing of the A. K. C.
There can be little doubt that the
American Kennel Club will adopt , these
rules, at least for the Pacinc Coast, for it
Is almost a foregone conclusion that if
the proposition be rejected oy. the govern
ing body the coast will carry out its
repeated threat of secession, and this time
It will not be a "house divided against
itself," for the coast is, mirabile dictu, for
the llrst time in its kennel hißtory, a
unit on the question.
It will be noticed that under the pro
posed classification a dog will have to
place seven wins to his credit before he
becomes entitled to the championship, but
then he will be exempt from competition
except by his peers.
John 11. Sammi has filed charges with
the A. K. C. against the San Francisco
Kennel Club, In his affidavit he alleges
that his dog Scaldy Mike was wrongfully
entered in the class of bull-terriers" under
35 pounds and that his dog was weighed,
found to be over the limit and was con
sequently thrown out. He avers that the
entry was made by him correctly in the
first place and that the mistake was made
by an official of the show. The misunder
standing arose from an error in the pre
mium list, placing the limit of lightweight
bull terriers at 25 instead of H5 pounds.
Sammi alleges further that John G. Bar
ker, one of the directors of the club, of
fered to award Scaldy Mike the first prize
in the class, but that he (Sammi) refused.
In consequence, Sammi asks the A. K. C.
to cancel the bull-terrier wins and to give
Scaldy Mike first and winners' prizes in
the heavy-weight class.
H. H. Carlton, secretary of the San
Francisco Kennel Club, gives a different
version of the matter. He acknowledges
the error made by the clerk, but claims
that Mr. Sammi should have made his
complaint in writing to the secretary in
stead of to one of the directors. verbally.
I Mr. Carlton says that as soon as the ob
jection was brought to his notice he had
! the judge go over the class as they were
on the benches. The judge, Mr. Bell, saw
no reason for altering his decision in the
slightest, and declared, moreover, that
Scaldy Mike was absolutely dlsqualifled,
having a black patch behind the ear,
while the standard for bull-terriers em
phatically insists that they shall be abso
lutely pure white. -■••■■.
-■■ N. H. Hlckman of San Mateo has
bought Blackrock Rummager, the sire of
E. V. Sullivan's fox-terrier Menlo Check.
Rummager is one of the ■ best : sires ex
tant, and has scored a long: list of vic
tories in the ■ Emerald Isle, his * native
Innrl . .' :- ■._-.-.— ■- ~. . . . .■ , ■- . -.-- ..^
BURGEES WILL
FLUTTER
AT McNEAR'S.
On Saturday evening, June 25, the San
Francisco Yacht Club will hold a jinks at
its Sausalito clubhouse, to which all
yachtsmen are invited.
At a meeting of the San Francisco
Yacht Club held on Thursday, June 16, at
the Merchants* Exchange, the following
directors were present: Commodore Dr.
T. L. Hill. Secretary Charles B. Hill. Fi
nancial Secretary W. B. Morrow, Treas
urer R. B. Hogue and Measurer J. M.
Punnett. The secretary was instructed to
write to the secretary of the Pacific In
tcrclub Yacht Association, informing him
that the San Francisco Yacht Club is
prepared to send delegates to the associa
tion. The name of Charles Rieveley was
proposed for memberphlp. The commo
dore stated that the submarine mine area
extends from the Sausalito ferry slip to
a green buoy placed by the United States
engineers, thence to Shag Rock and
thence to Point Cavallo.
Arthur D. Kaylor's sloop Twilight
started from Sausalito at 10:30 a. m. on
Friday, June lv, and reached Napa City
at 5 p. m. the same day. On the 12th she
sailed down to Napa, where Arthur
Inkersloy, who had left her at Napa City,
rejoined her. She reached Collinsvllle on
the 13th, Walnut Grove on the 14th and
came down the river to Rio Vista on the
15th.
The San FranclFoo Yacht Club will hold
a regatta at Sausalito on Sunday, June
26 V open to boats belonging to any of the
clubs in the Pacific Interclub Yacht As
sociation. The course will depend upon
instructions received from the United
States engineers charged with the laying
of submarine mines in the harbor, and
will be pointed out to yacht-owners on
the day of the race. Yachts will be divid
ed into four classes; there will be no time
allowances and the first boat to cross the
finishing line will take the first prize.
Entry cards should be filled out and sent
to Secretary C. B. Hill, Merchants' Ex
change, not later than June 21.
The class flags won at the Corinthian
regatta were presented last Sunday. The
sloops Clara and iruant went out cruis
ing last Saturday evening. The yawl
Arcturus is out on a two weeks' trip and
E. F. Sager'a sloop Edna is in sailing
trim again.
Andrew Thome, vice-president of the
Corinthians, not having put the yawl
Seven Bells into commission this season,
has sent in his resignation, but the di
rectors will not act upon it until next
month. The sloop Cisne, with W. C.
Howe and L. E. Hart, starts to-day on a
two weeks' cruise.
i.ast Sunday Commodore J. S. Hanley
of the Encinals cruised to Baden in the
sloop Spray, having on board Mr. and
Mrs. John Phelps, Mr. and Mrs. Meredith,
Mr. and Mrs. Stanley Clark, Messrs.
Thomas O'Connor, A. Dayton, Ray Ham
ilton and C. C. Hanley. The sloop Spray,
R. Mitchell's sloop Fawn and C. Thorn's
schooner Fearless will cruise to McNear's
Landing to-day. The sloop Iris left on
the 13th for an up-river cruise. E. K.
Taylor's yawl Emerald, after being reno
vated and overhauled, is now in commis
sion.
T. L. Taylor's sloop Occident now has
her mast and bowsprit in place; when
she is ready to sail a crew will be picked
from the members of the club and a chal
lenge sent in for the Perpetual Trophy,
now held by the Corinthians. B. TV. Rob
son's sloop Volante, formerly of the En
cinals, is now at her moorings near the
California club house and will make her
first cruise of the season to McNear's to
morrow. Allen M. Clay's sloop Sea Fox
recently cmlsed as far as Rio Vista with
J. Ruggles and two friends; she encoun
tered very rough weather and a high sea
In Suisun Bay on her return, coming
down under double reefs. She will cruise
up to Vallejo to-day and come back to
morrow. Thelma has not been out since
the day of the California regatta. Secre
tary O. F. Gaither's \j & I has been
hauled out on the spit and has had her
bottom scraped and painted; she will
start about the middle of July for a two
or three weeks' cruise up the Sacramento
River. Frank Moffltt's launch Augusta
is laid up at Petersen's. W. H. Gould's
sloop Corinne, Carl A. Tarnberg's sloop
Mist, Harry W. Brydges' sloop Hope, A.
R. Wilson's yawl Pilgrim, and W. L.
Prather's launch El Casador were out
last Sunday. The California fleet will
cruise to McNear's this afternoon under
command of Vice-Commodoro G. B. Ed
?ar. The following yachts will probably
ollow the flagship Sappho; Harry w.
Brydges' sloop Hope, E. F. Sager's sloop
Edna. Henry Franklin's yawl Bachelor,
W. H. Gould's sloop Corinne, G. turn Su
den's sloop Regina, A. R. Wilson's yawl
Pilgrim. G. C. woodsun's yawl Verona, L.
S. Sherman's sloop Royal, and the
launches Ariel and El Casador.
The sloop Surprise is lying off Point
Pinole, A. C. Lee having taken her moor-
Ings out of the creek and dropped them
there; he will probably join to-morrow's
cruise. Port Captain J. J. Sherry's yawl
Gypsle Is off the ways; her spars "will
soon be in, and she will be sailing about
the middle of July.
WHERE TROUT-FISHING
IS NOW ENJOYED
The angling season Is now in full blast
and lovers of the pastime who can afford
a trip to the mountains can count upon
some nice catches of large trout. Latest
reports from the Truckee River are very
good. Messrs Woodford and Williamson
returned from Verdi a few day 6 ago very
well satisfied with four days' sport. They
say that fly fishing from Verdi down is
excellent, but above Verdi and especially
in the vicinity of Boca, the professional
tlshermen have angled bo persistently
that the trout are wary of fly or spoon.
The most killing flies at present are the
March Brown, Gray Hackle, Governor
and Professor.
Of the many lakes in the Sierras the
only lake that is affording first-class fly
fishing is Webber. Anglers who are rus
ticating on this beautiful sheet of water
are having gala sport and the outlook is
very good for large creels of Hsh for sev
eral weeks to come. A big rush to Web
ber Lake is expected during the holidays.
Salmon fishing on the McCloud Is now
first class, but anglers must be rigged
with heavy-weight tackle for this ldnd
of sport, as an hour's battle with a 35
pounder is not uncommon.
Several local anglers are contemplating
a trip to Russian River In July. Good
bass fishing is hoped for.
Mr. La Motte, the manager of the
Uklah trout hatchery, will stock all the
streams on the line of the San Francisco
and North Pacific Coast Railroad this
summer. Excellent fishing is now report
ed from the headquarters of the Big Sul
phur Creek.
It Is hoped that the Fish Commission
ers will teach the Frenchmen who are
cleaning out the small trout of Paper Mill
Creek by means of small nets, a lesson.
The foreigners, under the pretense of
catching frogs, capture everything ani
mate that happens into their alleged frog
nets. A camp composed of idlers Is lo
cated at Libertys, which Is the head
waters of Lapunltas Creek, and illegal
fishing is the dally routine.
BOXING CONTESTS
NEAR AT HAND
In boxing circles the next entertainment
of note will be held by the Excelsior Ath
letic Club In its new hall, 1322 Howard
street, on Monday evening. The athletic
bill of fare consists of limited round con
tests between "Kid" McFadden and Billy
Hogan, Pat Lynch and Joe Kane, "Big:
Joe" Kennedy and Tom Lynch. The
striking features of the evening will be
the eight-round contests between Charles
Reno and J. Riley at 128 pounds, and John
Lahey and Charles Tye at 140 pounds.
A few hours of good sport is assured
all by the orator and president, J. Ken
nedy.
On Tuesday evening the National Club
wilt give its entertainment at Woodward's
Pavilion. McConnell and McKeever are
said to be in fine condition for their
twenty-round contest but the same can
not be said of "Young" Peter Jackson
who has been attending all of the small
fry scrapping matches recently held in
divers parts of this city. Young Peter
is matched to fight Purcell ten rounds
which contest will be decided prior to
the event of the evening. The white man
is training with McKeever near the Cllft
House.
A number of men Interested In athletic*
assembled in Central Park a few even
inga ago and organized a club which they
called the "Mechanics' Athletic Union of
the United States." The officers chosen
are: Oeorge, Miller, vice-president; O
W. Paterson, secretary; D. R. McNeil'
treasurer; Amos G. Allen, financial sec
retary; Thomas D. Carroll, superintend
ent; George Dupllssea, director of aquat
ics. The officers aim to give all kinds of
athletic sports "and mechanical" con
tests, and to establish branches In all of
the large cities of the country. The In
augural entertainment of the M. A. U
k l c ,°i ns ! lst 2{2 { a horseshoeing contest, to
be held Jn, lh& near future ia this city >
BASKET BALL
EXPERTS
WILL CONTEST.
The basket-ball enthusiasts of San
Francisco and vicinity will have an op
portunity of witnessing local strength
against the crack team from Minnesota.
In Company G of the Minnesota volun
teers the champion basket-ball players
of the State have enlisted in a body, and
are anxious to meet our local teams in
the battle on the slippery floor. The lo
cal Rusher team of the Young Men's
Christian Association will meet the
crark basket-ball players from Minne
sota next Tuesday, June 21, in the asso
ciation's gymnasium, corner of Mason
and Ellis streets. The soldiers have been
utilizing their spare time by constant
practice in the Ellis-street building,
which has been thrown open to their use.
They bear an excellent record, and are
all men of athletic appearance.
During the past season they have met
and defeated the following teams: The
Y. M. C. A. of Minneapolis, which held
the Northwestern championship for five
years; the Minneapolis Agricultural Col
lege; the Minnesota University, and nu
merous smaller teams from athletic clubs
and Y. M. C. A. branches.
The Rushers have also a record which
entitles them to respect. During the
past three years they have played many
games with the best teams in and about
San Francisco. I^st spring they distin
guished themselves by defeating the
Athens team of Oakland after the latter
had administered a bitter defeat to the
crack Business Men's team of San Fran
cisco. This was the first defeat for the
Athens aggregation up to that time and
caused quite a stir in basket-ball circles.
Shaw, Spacher and Keys are a set of
forwards w..0 for quickness of action
and sureness of goal-throwing stand well
in the front of the champions. Fleischer,
center for the Rushers, is well known as
an all-round athlete and gymnast. His
goal-throwing from the center of the
field is something extraordinary, and is
usually productive of one or more sensa
tions in an even display.
Hanrahan, Mitchell and Johnson are
guards of several years' experience, and
they seldom fall to secure the ball from
an opponent at the proper time and then
pass it to the forwards on their own side
by a succession of short and quick
throws.
A great game may be expected on
Tuesday night. The line-up will be as
follows:
Co. G, 13th Minn. Positions. Rushers.
C. Ahlers Forward F. L. Shaw
E. Kappel Forward... E. L. Spacher
Theodore Ek Forward C. Keys
Carl Reckner... Center E. Fleischer
George Buel Guard... D. J. Hanrahan
J. E. Johnson.. Guard... .W. H. Mitchell
Cnarles Fisher. Guard C. Johnson
Sergeant Charles Burnson will act as
referee. Lieutenant Ed Mellinger as man
ager, H. P. Ritchie as trainer.
TENNIS ROW IS
STILL UNABATED
The war Is on In earnest betweeen the
two factions of tennis players— the Whit
neys and their followers and the Oakland
ers under the command of the Hardys
and the antagonistic element in the v-ali
fornia Club of this city, which has of late
opposed the Whitneys in their tennis as
pirations.
Unless something Is done to chansre the
present conditions it looks very much as
if there would be no successful tourna
ment at San Rafael this summer. At
present Bob Whitnc- claims that he is
the only bona-flde president of the Pa
cific Lawn Tennis Association, and Sam
Hardy also claims the same by virtue of
an election held by representatives of the
various clubs on May 31 of this, year
Whitney was the president of the asso
ciation at that time and his contention is
that the election was illegal. Both par
ties have applied for a sanction from the
National Lawn Tennis Association for
the championship tournament In singles
at San Rafael on the Fourth. Time will
alone settle the difficulties of the two
contending factions.
The present week has been productive
o 'j' er f- Uttle in tennis. Practice matched
ilh <\ t n L he ch a r acter of the play
which has been of the desultory kind
The last of the lnterclub doublee i will b«
Played to-day. They have not been th«
success that Fas anticipated? ™™ l
CRACK MARKSMEN
WILL MEET
NEXT SUNDAY.
Two of our local marksmen have ar»
ranged for a match for next Sunday at
Schuetzen Park. They are D. W. Mc-
Laughlin and A. Strecker. They will
compete for a sociable dinner. The
match Is to be twenty shots at rest, Mc-
Laughlln giving Strecker one point a
shot, on the German 25-ring target. Both,
men have excellent records, but Strecker
astonished the shooters recently by mak
ing 459 out of a possible 500 rings, off
hand. He uses a Winchester through,
which thousands of shots have been fired.
McLaughlin now sports a new barrel
with the Pope rifling, warranted to shoot
center. This match will be of great in
terest to many, as it should show the rel
ative merits of a wril-worn barrel an£
one of the most modern system of rifling.
If Strieker's old standby made 459 off
hand it should crowd 500 at rest. Look
ing at it from this standpoint McLaugh
lin must have great confidence in the new*
rifle barrel when he gives Strecker ona
point a shot in a match of this length.
As stated in these columns last week,
there is great interest in the coming
shooting festival that will begin in New
York on July 3 and last until the 11th.
Every effort will be made to have the
Bund meet in this city at its next festi
val in 1901. There are plenty of men here
who would like to go East, and but few
who will gratify that desire. The ex
pense is great. It is safe to say that of
those who will atttend are J. D. Heiso
and A. Stettin of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein. William Ehrenpfort
would go but for the fact that his son
has gone to help Dewey in Manila and
the business would suffer much if both
should leave the city. There is some talk
that a couple of tickets for the trip to
the East, to be competed for, are to be
given by some one who wishes to see
California marksmen at the head of the
list in the world's competition, but this
is not certain yet. There would be some
hot competition in a match for a trip to
the great gathering of riflemen.
There will be considerable rifle shooting
to-morrow at Scheutzen Park, several ol
the large clubs being booked for their
bullseye and monthly medal contests.
At the Shell Mound range a number ol;
clubs will hold forth.
M. J. WH.rJL.fci. ,
TRAP-SHOOTING AT
HOME AND ABROAD
The lovers of animate and inanimata
target shooting will assemble to-day in;
strong force at their respective shooting
grounds. The California Wing Club will
send pellets after live birds at the Ingle
side grounds; the Lincoln Club will misa
and hit blue rocks at Alameda Point,
and the Suisun Gun Club, which is com
posed principally of wild duck stoppers,
will have a live bird shoot "at home."
"Bogie" ODonnell, the mascot of the
club, leaves to-morrow for the scene of
action, and if heavy charges (mixed)
backed up by game bird oratory will win
the day, "Bogie 11 will return crowded
with the laurels of victory.
"If I happen to be successful on Sun
day. -> remarked "Bogie" to a coterie of
friends who listened attentively to his
talks on duck shooting. "I will certainly;
invite the boys of Suisun to a 'tea' lni
the near future."
Dove shooters must remember that ac-»
cording to the State law the season fop
killing these birds will not arrive until
July 15, and that some of the counties
have not altered the dates when doves
may be shot. The Supervisors of the dif
ferent counties have the power to shorten
the seasons— that is for killing game— but
they cannot lengthen them. The season
for shooting deer will also open July 15
according to State law. ■
HANDBALL PLAYED
BY THE EXPERTS;
The following handball games will b^
played on Sunday In Phil Ryan's court:
L. Waterman and E. M. McDonough vs Dv
j J. Sheehan and N. J. Prender&ast.
I J. Dowltng and M. Maguire vs. M. McLanjrh-.
lin and E. Curley.
E. Barn' and M. Basch vs. M. Klrby and T.
Fotey.
D. Rodders and M. McXell vs. G. McDonald
J. McNamara and M. McDonald va. P R^aa
and P. Steiner. " *
J. Rlordon and J. Harlow vs. M. J KlletN
i lon and A. Pennoyer,
i T J^', hlte and M - Mc Clure V - R. Murphy and
I J. Collins.
; J. C. Nealon and R. Ltnehan vs. T. F. Bon*
I net and A. Hampton.
Alice Rix
With the Awkward Squad
In Next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATERS
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER^
FOH— —
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Ltmoet. i
"Speedy, «ure. sentle." JiritishiledicaUournai \
-..<■,..•.;■•■ .•.•!
CAUTION: Bee that the label bear, the ti gn j
txtreoTthe firm. ,
, Andreas Saxlehner.
; INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
SULTRYJSPORT.
BIC STAKE 1.-"---. 810 MONEY 6
FLEET dogs.
•■■ - ■ . • 1 ■■ • ■
SATURDAY, I P.M. SUNDAY M A, JI.JSURPRISES IN
TEAM STANDING
Sacramento Leads and
Santa Cruz Lags.
WHY SOME ARt BEHIND
THAT MERRY WAR IN THE
MANAGEMENT.
New Park Project Is Booming— Some
thing About To-Day 's Game
Between San Franciscos
and San Joses.
BY JOE CORBETT.
STANDING OP THE CLVB9.
■_Club«- •Won. Ijoßt Pet
Baoramento 6 i St>4
Ban Francisco ' 3 'go;
Oakland 5 •> S5
a"»»«»« ::::::::::::::::: ! I j?s
Sail Jose 4 3 -7^
Fresno 9 - *t,vi
Stockton .."..'.'.'."" 3 . '- - m
Santa Cruz 1 1 11111111 Z c ;gj
The above table gives tho standing of
the various teams up to date. It will be
noticed that the Gilt Edges lead by no
BniaJl margin and that the other clubs are
bunched together, barring, of course, the
last three, which teams are good teams
and. no doubt, will be with the others'
when ret going properly. The
irprise of all, naturally, is the
standing of the Sand Crabs. They have
won imes out of eight played,
and in &\v. :v Instance were de
ry small margin. It is to
be h. ; they turn around and
get in the race, as the bottom of the list
;''>r them.
Stockton and Fresno will also have to
better ball; Fresnos especially, as
a fast game and should be
right in the race. Their playing while
here was very yellow, much more so J
than their uniforms; yet it was apparent '<
that they were not playing in form, and
this fact must not be overlooked. If this |
chap Earley would refrain from making
a monkey of himself by continually put
ting one h all.l am of theoplnion
that aji Immediate change for the better
would follow. This Btyle of play, coming
from such a good man, tends more to j
demoralize a team I spire it on j
to nobler deeds. If Earley were fined & j
or HO every time he 1 the rules ■
pertaining to tl way to catch a j
baJl it, no doubt, would have the de^irrd
effect. He, however, is not the only of
fender in this line, H. Krug of tl.
Franciscos being a wry close second. To
be more exact, I would say that Earley
and Krug are about on a par when it
comes to being fancy. One-handed catches
are fascinating in the extreme when ac
complished under circumstances that call
for such work; but one-handed catches i
when there is really no occasion for them
are about as disgusting tv? they are in
the other case fascinating. I cannot recall ;
one instance while playing fn tne National i
League where a player put one hand to a '
ball when he could have put two. If he j
should so far forget himself there is no !
doubt in the world but what the crowd i
would hiss him off the field. Some day, in
a close and critical play, Mr.-sr?. Earley
and Krug will fail in the>ir attempts to
be pretty. A game will be lost, and no
pn*> knows wh&i bearing that game might
'■.'. the team's championship chances,
for every game counts, be it at the begin
rfiifi: or end <>f the season. What strikes
me so poruiiarly is the fact that Earley
the only players doing this |
9>.n of work. I cannot account for It;
time I see them promenading ;
visions similar in every detail to those I
• i confront me when gaz
ing •: • •'blue ribbon darlings"
pass In rapid r-\dew before my very eyes.
r!;ir«-ly the bora have not become im
bued with the idea that they are in a
class by tl Jf so there is a sad I
mistake somewhere, for the league con- i
tains m;irty good players and delights in:
Bing of those who have no control i
surroundings. This ■
c of Mr. Pyne, j
who, by the way, has not been heard of I
oing of Bert, Kauer and]
IL Fr>ni the turn affairs have!
I jruess that Pyne is congratulat- :
Ing himself on being; suspended before
irtaln rose, disclosing the secret i
workings of that b - What a
trap they did set for those numer- I
ous r.
I wonder which one of them engineered
the s should be complimented,
I scheme work so beauti- j
fully. The end, i is to r<>me. No
doubt at the next meeting a general mix
up wi md 1 would advise Raver
and B-.-rt to, go prepared for the worst,
'lhlnps ;ire bf-comlng rather warm, and
if that ' iped baseball mag
• I would not be a bit ?ur
i to see something drojA What a
charming .mark Raver would ■tke for a
< like "Truck" Egan, who, I under
stand, has been engaged for the occasion.
Work on the new park is to begin very
although information in regard to
•:;ps very slow.
To-day's game between the San Fran
• and the, "Florists" from San Jose
will be a good one. as both teams are in
excellent shape and are ver-- evenly bal-
Iberg will pitch for San Jose and ;
•'•■r for San Francisco. The line-up
la ac follows:
San Jose. Position. San Francisco.
Kent Catcher Hammond
Iberg or Arrick Pitcher Wheeler |
Hiinlan First base Murphy I
Egan Second base K. Krug i
(Veed Third base Morftn
khofl Shortstop H. Kxug j
•. Left field Heftty |
McGucken Center field Dunleavy
Right field Stroecker
lli < arthy Extra Shay
"Pop's Progress" team of San Jose do
FOOD COFFEE.
30 BOXES OF GOLD.
Easy Mining for Pin Money.
To Becure some desired Information
direct from the people, it is. proposed
to send a trim little box containing 5
gold dollars to each of 30 persons who
write the most interesting description
of their experience and obaervatloa on
the following topics:
How have you been affected by Coffee
drinking?
Do you know any one who has been
driven away from Postum because it
came to the table weak and character-
less at the first trial?
Did you set such a person right re-
garding the easy way to make Postum
clear, black and with a crisp, pungent
taste?
Have you ever discovered a better
way to make It than to note the clock
at the time actual boiling commences
(not. when pot is first put on 6tove), and
keep" it boiling moderately for full 15
minutes, using 2 heaping teaspoon-
fula for each cup of beverage?
Give names and account of those
you know to have been cured or helped
In health by the dismissal of coffee
and the daily use of the Food Coffee in
its place.
Address your letter to the Postum
Cereal Co., LJm., Battle Creek, Mich.,
writing your own name and address
clearly.
Decision will be made and the 30 lit-
tie boxes of gold sent out on June 30
next.
Every friend of Postum Is urged to
write and each letter will be held in ;
high esteem by the company, as an
evidence of such friendship, while the ,
little boxes of gold will reach many a >,
modest writer whose plain and sensi-
ble letter contains the facts desired,
although the sender may have but
small faith In winning at the time erf j
■nrritin^ ,__ J^
feated the Mountain View team of Moun
tain View, Cal., last Sunday by a score
of 3 to 2.
TROTTING AND PACING.
The Harness Brigade to Meet June 25
at Oakland.
Trotting and pacing races on the run- \
ning plan is the programme of the Pa- i
clfic Coast Trotting-horse Breeders 1 Asso- '
ciation's departure from the old lines. At
a meeting of the association ,held yester- .
day bookmaking privileges were let, and ;
Messrs. Hurlick. Humphreys, Cook and
other well known layers of odds decided
to cut In the first week and make books
on the harness events. Henry Schwartz i
& Co. wjjie awarded the auction pool i
privilege. The Oakland race track, where '
the meeting will open Saturday, June 25, j
is already in possession of the harness '
brigade, and railbirds are in attendance,
getting a line on the green ones, of which
there are many, and the old campaigners, I
of which there are mure.
For the two weeks' racing with which
the association will open its meeting 434
entries have been made, or an average of
about eight entries to each event. There
are BO many applications for stalls that
it is a case of lirst come first served al
ready.
The track is in pi-rfect condition, thanks
to the supervision of William Fleldwick,
and it is already prophesied that records
will be broken tho first week. Azute
(2:04)4), the champion gelding of the
world, is entered in all the free-for-alls.
There will be five dashes and one two-in
thn*e race each day during the meeting,
and in addition a purse will be offered
each week for tne horses owned by mem
bers of the Golden Gate rark Driving
Association of this city.
A professional starter will wield the
flag, and all the arrangements will be
strictly up to date in every particular.
No other harness horse association in
America has announced such a radical
departure from old time methods, and
the prediction is freely made among
horsemen that this will be the most suc
il harness meeting of the year in
America,
NIGHT SCHOOL PUPILS.
Graduation Exercises at Lincoln
Evening School.
The graduation exercises of the Lincoln
Evening School were held in the school
building last night, and Superintendent
Webster conferred diplomas on an unus
who, unable to avail themselves
of the regular public school course,
are willing to give their evenings
to study. A good programme, consisting
mainly of patriotic songs and recitations,
was rendered by the pupils. The list of
graduates is as follows:
Emma Bennlnghoven. Max Cohen, Saul Gru
man, Samuel F. Johnson, Grace L. Levins.
Eva E. Milsner. Emil Meyer. Peter McMahon
Isabelle 11. O'Neill, Henry Lincoln Prising
Paul Ferdinand Revert, Philip V. Ruppert
Charles 11. Scull. Francis T. Schoenbein, Kath
leen P. Sullivan, James Sullivan. Austin
\* enzlick, Alexander Wagner, Ralph Wlstar
Bell. George W. Braun, Joseph Borrmann,
James Joseph Cresse James R. Davis Earl
Dorr Eddy, Olivia O. Hanson, Wallace M
Hussey. Frank Richard . Heinrich, Paul Jones
Alexander Johnson, Thomas Joseph Lam»y'
Hugh Francis McMahon, Julia Ohlson, May
O'Connor, Rachel Pollen, Albert S. Samuels,
Leonard H. Schoemaker, James Joseph Van
Nlel. Hilja Sophia Williams. William C. Wurz
Fred Winant, Josephine Eveline Kirby. Ar
nold Altman. Francis J. Beatty, -Arthur R.
Bird, John P. Dolan, John J. Geraghty, Anne
GraufTel. Jamea H. J. Xoakes, Thomas L
O'Xell. Aug-ust F. Rahlves, Lillie Rowan, Ho
ratio F. Stanbridsre, Karl Van Nlel. Robert M.
A. Haueman, Henry L. Ruppel. John Schmtd,
Jamea A. Magee, Ferdinand Spieler and Joseph
Palls!.
Miss Hilja Sophia Williams captured
the Denman medal and Bridge medals
were awarded to Samuel F. Johnson,
James Sullivan, Peter McMahon, Arthur
R. Bird, Francis J. Beatty. Fred "Winant,
Hugh F. McMahon and Alexander John
son.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Some High-Class Hounds Matched
Last Evening.
The drawing for this week's coursing at
Ingleside took place at Pythian Hall last
night. Fifty-six candidates were put for
ward, and among them are some of the
best from the Bast, from the city and
, from the interior. The total stake will
j be for $040. besides which a consolation
! Fake will be drawn at the close of to
i day's running, to which will be added an
other $100. The drawing resulted as fol
lows:
Montana vs. Handball: Gilt Edge vs. Peace
ful Glen; Miss Glen vb. Mohawk; Tharnhill vs
Black Patti: Liberty Bell vs. Stlkwood; Mary
X vs. Tessle Fair: Queen B vs San Mateo"-
Admiral Dewey vs. Prince Hal: Statesman vs.
Brtmbo; Hattel vb. Fireball: Brown Eagle vs.
Magnet; Clifton La?s vs. Royal Oak: Bprig
o' the Hill vs. Bernlce; Skylark vs. Little
Dorrit: Hercules vs. Tom Bell; Telephone Girl
vs. Sir Walter; Vigilant vs. Kingston; Beauty
vs. High Born Lady; Little Dell vs. Pacific
Queen; Trink v-> Mystic; Dairy Maid vs. Jim
my Cork: Victor vs. Little Cripple; Right
Bower vs. Sir John Arnott: Counterfeit vs
Handy Andy; Belle of Moscow vs. Van JCl.'a-
SlnfiJoa vs. Soubrette: Fair View vs. Persim
mon."; Hot Stuff vs. Decorater.
The running -will begin at 1 o'clock to
day, with the following best liked for the
run down:
Montana, Gilt Edee. Mohawk, Thornhlll, Lib
erty Bell, Tepsie Fair, Queen B, Prince Hal
Brlmbo, Hattel, Magnet, Clifton Laps, B»r
nice. Skylark. Tom Bell, Sir Walter. Kingston
High Born Lady. Little Dell. Trink. Jimmy
Cook, Victor, Right Bower, Counterfeit. Van
Xlda, Sinaloa. Persimmons and Hot Stuff.
A LARGE SUBSCRIPTION.
Retail Liquor Dealers Subscrib
ing Liberally in Aid of the
Red Cross Society.
Judging by the report of the Retail
Liquor Dealers' committee, the subscrip
tion being raised among men engaged in
the business In aid of the Red Cross So
ciety will b« a generous one. Subscrip
tion lists have been left in the establish
ments of prominent retail dealers, and
visitors have in many cases placed their
names down for liberal amounre. The
lists will be called in within two weeks,
and the money so collected will be turned
over to the society as the contribution of
those who appreciate the noble work
they are doing.
It is suggested by the committee that
no money t>e paid ever to any one but an
authorized person or persons showing th«
proper credentials of the Red Cross So
ciety.
The following pentlemen who compose
the committee have been srraclously re
ceived by every one with whom they havo
come in contact, and all give assurances
of helping the cause. They are: W. F.
Rooder, Jesse Marks, J. Crumb, Thomas
Ferguson. Joe Parker, Charles Green.
Rudl* Flschbeck, E. G. Osborne and
Hurry Adler. _
Feast of the Sacred Heart.
The feast of the Snored Heart was sol
emnly commemorated Thursday by the
clergy of St. Ignatius Church. Solemn
high mass was celebrated at 9 o'clock by
Father Prelato, assisted by Father Burk
ard as deacon and Father Butler as sub
deacon. Fully a thousand people were In
attendance.
The altar of the Sacred Heart was beau
tifully decorated with choice flowers and
ferns. In the afternoon at 3:30 the conse
cration of the children was held. The
llttlo ones attended in large numbers.
In the evening at 7:30 Father Calzia con
cluded the novena he had been preaching
with an earnest exhortation for a re
newal of devotion to the Sacred Heart.
The services were concluded with solemn
benediction, Rev. Father Friedan officiat
ing as celebrant. Father Calzia as deaoon
and Father Burkard as sub-deacon. The
solemn act of consecration was read by
Rev. Father Frieden. The music was
rendered by the ladies and gentlemen's
choir. To-morrow at 10:30 Rev. Father
MaJßoney will preach on the text, "This
Man Receiveth Sinners." The evening
discourse will be delivered by Rev. Fa
ther Hickey.
■ ♦ .
Solaier Severely Burned.
Gustave . Ahlgreen, a member of the
Montana Regiment, was removed to the
Harbor Receiving Hospital at an early
hour yesterday morning and • treated . for
Bevere burns about the knees. Dr. Staf
ford relieved him from pain and he was
discharged. The accident was thought to
have been caused by the soldier carrying
matches in his trousers pocket, which
became ignited and set fire to his cloth
ing. Before he could extinguish the j
flame he was 'toasted.
. ■» ■
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend .th« Cryntal warm gea |
tyatw tub mil Hrtpnlat Utlu. *{,prUiJ3«at>h, J
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898.
WILL CHRISTEN THE WISCONSIN.
The Daughter of the Badger State Who Will Name the
New Battleship.
MISS MADGE E. THOMPSON will have the honor of christening
the battleshin Wiscons.n, now building at the Union Iron Works. She
is described as a beautiful young woman of rare attainments and a
great favorite in the social circles in which she moves. She is the
daughter of A. E. Thompson, and was born twenty years ago in Prince
ton, Wis. Governor Sconeld has known her almost from infancy, and
conferred the distinction upon her because of the strong personal friend
ship existing between her father and himself. The Wisconsin will be
launched in a month or two. •
DUE HONORS
FOR HOBSON
Resolution of Thanks
by Congress.
TO BE TRANSFERRED TO LINE
AND PROMOTED TO LIEUTEN
ANT COMMANDER.
Captain Ludlow Will Be Sent to
Havana to Negotiate an Ex
change of the Merriniac
Prisoners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— 1n the Sen
ate to-day Morgan of Alabama offered
a resolution, which was referred to
the Naval Affairs Committee, extend
ing the thanks of Congress to Naval
Constructor Hobson and the heroic
crew of the Merrimac, and authorizing
the transfer of Hobson from the con
struction corps to the line.
Representative Underwood, in whose
district Hobson's home is situated, has
introduced a resolution in the House
extending the thanks of Congress to
Hobson and his crew, authorizing Hob
son's transfer to the line and promotion
to lieutenant commander. He con
ferred with the President and Secretary
Long before offering it.
NEW YORK, June 17.— A special to
the Herald from Washington says: In
structions have been sent by the Navy
Department to Commodore Watson,
commander-ln-chief of the blockading
squadron, directing him to send Cap
tain Nicol Ludlow, commanding the
monitor Terror, to Havana to negoti
ate for the exchange of the Merrimac
prisoners.
Captain Ludlow does not go in his
own ship. One of the smaller vessels
attached to the blockading squadron,
flying a flag of truce, was ordered to
convey the officer to a point in front
of Havana, where the authorities un
derstand he will communicate with an
other vessel sent by Captain General
Blanco. Captain Ludlow has author
ity to accept any proposal regarding
prisoners which Captain General Blan
co may make. The authorities are
anxious to secure Hobson and the men
with him without delay, in order that
they may be removed from Santiago de
Cuba before the battle fur the posses
sion of the city occurs.
In sending Captain Ludlow to Ha
vana the authorities were guided by in
formation received confirmatory of tha
press dispatches, announcing that the
Madrid Government had authorized
Blanco to treat with this Government
for the exchange of prisoners.
It Is understood In naval circles that
Rear Admiral Sampson's negotiations
with Admiral Cervera resulted In fall-
ure because the Spanish commander
did not feel authorized to negotiate the
exchange without consultation with
Blanco and Madrid. It Is untrue that
any prisoners have been taken by the
army expedition now en route to San
tiago de Cuba, who are to be exchanged
for the Merrimac crew.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The fol
lowing telepram has been received from
Commodore Watson:
"On the 14th I sent Captain Ludlow,
on the Maple, under flag of truce, with
full power to negotiate exchange of
Hobson and the seven petty of
ficers. Chief of staff answered by let
ter that after reference to Madrid the
captain general will communicate by
flag of truce. Captain Ludlow will. If
possible, have exchange made as de
sired, and soon. WATSON."
Simply Means Delay.
WASHINGTON, June ■ 17.— naval
officials are somewhat puzzled at . the
failure of the effort to exchange Hob
son and his crew. Just announced from
Havana. Of course, tnis is not perma
nent, but simply, means that the Ha
vana authorities as yet have not been
authorized" to exchange prisoners. The
report that came from < Madrid was
that the exchange * had been . author
ized, so it is surmised that the Spanish
Government - has ; not yet found : means
of communicating its decision ', to ; Gen
eral .Blanco at Havana. - 'J
HEAVY GAINS
BY SOCIALISTS
Result of the German
Elections.
CENTRISTS YET If.' CONTROL
HOLD BALANCE OP POWER IN
THE REICHSTAG.
Prince Bismarck's Organ Declares
the Secret Ballot Must Be
Abolished in the
Empire.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, June 17.— Results from 339
districts show that 165 second ballots
will be necessary. Returns thus far
assure the election of 34 Conservatives
6 Imperialists, 71 Centrists, 44 Reform
ists, 6 National Liberals, 2 candidates
of the Radical Union, 32 Socialist Dem
ocrats, 11 Poles, 1 Dane and 7 Inde
pendents.
It is impossible as yet to predict the
composition of the new- Reichstag. The
crisis of the elections will occur over
the second ballots.
A few facts, however, stand out
plainly. The first is that the Cen
trists will, as heretofore, with probably
diminished strength, hold the balance
of power with 100 seats, enabling them
to sway the Reichstag in either direc
tion. The second is that a cartel ma
jority will be next to impossible and
the third Is that the Socialists will
?hL?r ii n °\.. u nly , lar * cl >' increase
their poll, which it is estimated will
reach 2,000,000 votes, as against 1 OSfi
000 in 1693, but will also increase their
representation by 10 or 12 eeatß In 1892
£?i yy t Wer £ lnvolv * d J n only 52 second
ballots. Now probably they will be In
volved in no fewer than 100.
The increase in the socialist vote Is
most marked at Wurtemburg. Already
it is causing alarm among the Ham
burgers, who are especially furious that
the first commercial city of the empire
should be represented in the Reichstag
by three spciallsts, who, their oppon
ents say, h&ve no understanding of the
city's vital interests.
Among the prominent persons re
elected are Count yon Kanltz Prince
Hohenlohe, Prince yon Arenberg a»d
Herren Bachen and Bueb. The Duk»
of Ratibon was defeated. Herr Bebel
who was elected at Hamburg, was de
feated at Strasburg, which returned a
socialist at tho last election. Count
Llmburg Ftirum was re-elected.
The Hamburger Naohrichten (Bis
marck's organ) says: "There is noth
ing for it but to raise the age of vot
ing and to abolish the secret ballot "
Last Night's Fires.
An alarm was turned Jn from box 356 at
8 o'clock last evening for a fire in the
Pioneer Oil Works at the corner of San
some and Greenwich streets. The loss to
W. P. Fuller & Co., the owners wili not
exceed |25. At 10:30 box 7 was turned in
for a blaze in a storeroom of A Deiucchl
an upholsterer, at 137 Union street The
building is owned by Louis Zhels and
the damage to the house and contents
by fire and water is estimated at Jiooo
The cause of neither of the blazes was
known.
Need Not Clean Walls.
Tho Health and Police Committee has
recommended that the order requiring
the walls of a house to be scraped clean
before repaperlng or calcfmlning be in
definitely postponed. It was considered
that the Board of Health already had
power to regulate such matters
The order providing a tax on slot ma
chines of the phonographic or chocolate
kind was recommended for final Das
sage. v
Dr. N. Mosessohn Elected Rabbi.
Rev. Dr. N. Mosessohn, who was re
cently elected rabbi and cantor of the
Stockton-street Synagogue, will assume
control of his new duties at the services
In the synagogue this evening. The ser
mon, to be delivered at the religious exer
cises, will be given in English and Ger
man alternately.
Alice Rix
With the Awkward Squad
In Next Sunday'e Call.
GLORIED ALL
IN LIBERTY
Bunker Hill Day Duly
Celebrated.
ENTHUSIASM AT LOG GATOS
A LARGE CBOWD ATTENDED
FROM THIS CITY.
Patriotic German Citizens Express
Their Readiness to Stand by
the Flag Even Against the
Fatherlana.
j The 123 d anniversary of the battle of
Bunker Hill was fittingly celebrated yes
terday at Los Gatos by the Bunker Hill
Association and the Sons of Vermont, i
At least 2000 people went down to the '
Bunker Hill Park at Los Gatos to Join j
in patriotic unison in memory of the day
which marked the beginning of our self '
government on a national basis. Patriotic
ardor and a fervid enthusiasm character- !
i ized the celebration yesterday. The I
speakers carried the audience back to the I
first beginnings of the American nation
; and told of the great deeds of the prede-
I cesaors of those warriors who are now |
stamping their names on the book of '
fame with indelible and ineffaceable lines. '
The vocalists also worked in the channels
Of patriotism until the very air was alive
with color and the glories of our coun-
The large crowds that attended the
celebration were prepared for the hot
weather of the Santa Clara valley. The
two special trains that left Third and '
: Townsend streets yesterday morning had
on board a distinctively summery band of
women. Even the men cast aside their
city clothes and were thus saved from
the awful fate of roasting. The ther
mometers refused to do any more work
in Los Gatos yesterday during the after
noon. The mercury then lost its expan
: sive force and went on a strike. During ;
; the morning the heat was endurable, but
after midday the visitors reveled in the :
i pastimes of lemonade drinking and a
mopping of the brow. But with all this
superabundance of heat the passion for
dancing among the enthusiastic followers !
or Terpsichore conquered ail atmospheric ■
discomforts and, as soon as the platform
Oh which the literary exercises were held
was cleared, the dancing began.
The San Franciscans who attended the
celebration arrived in two train sections.
A procession was immediately formed
and the march made to the grounds Witu
the band in the lead. The platform, i
shaded with the overgrowing branches of j
large oaks, was soon tilled without an/
delay, and the literary programme was
Started. William G. Badger was the
president of the day, and in a fow re- ;
marks paid a glowing tribute to the ]
fathers of the revolutionary period. The
"Star-Spangled Banner," rendered by j
Talie Salinger, which followed, was a i
musical expression of the sentiments
enunciated by President Badger.
A feature of the literary exercises was
the singing of F. K. Tobin, whoso ren
dition of "The Sword of Bunker Hill"
was so well received that several en
cores were necessary. Judge Edward A.
Belcher was next introduced, and he j
paved the way for the orator of the day, '
Samuel M. Shortridge. Judge Belcher
compared the flower of the nation at the
time of the revolution and the rebellion
with that of the present day, and showed
how the same spirit of liberty pervaded
them all. Samuel M. Shortridge spoke i
with seeming effect of the intrinsic mean- !
ing of Bunker Hill day. He said: "On !
that day the people of this country shook
off the trammels of tyranny and estab
lished the first principles of self-govern
ment. From that day to this the princi
ple of liberty has been pre-eminent in the
American mind. It Js exemplified in our
present war, and w* will not rest until
we stamp the same spirit upon the down
trodden people of Cuba and Manila."
Orator Shortridge then apologized for
being there and addressing even a pa
triotic people on a patriotic subject when
duty kept calling to the front, but he
pledged himself to his nation's cause
when his services should be needed.
Games and races, in which the young
men of the town and some of the* visi
tors indulged, completed the outing. The
one hundred and twenty-third celebra- j
tion of the association will be remem- I
bered as the most successful held so far. I
PATRIOTIC GERMANS.
Appropriate and Highly In
teresting Services at St.
Markus Church.
Memorial services were held in St.
Mark's German Lutheran Church on
O'Farrell street, between Franklin and
Gough, yesterday evening, in honor of
the adoption of the United States flag
and the day of Bunker Hill. The cere
monies were so appropriate, interesting
and patriotic that it is to be regretted
that there was not a larnr attendance,
for the sentiments expressed were such
I as should have been "heard of all men."
I There was quite a number of soldiers
I from Camp Werritt and members of a
German military organization present,
aside from the general public.
Following appropriate music Pastor
Fuendeling delivered an address in Ger
man, setting forth the high virtues of
patriotism, as shown by the American
people since the days of the Rebellion,
and the necessity for Its perpetuation in
the same spirit in order that the republic
may go forward on a great and uninter
rupted career. He also told of the many
advantages of being a Christian soldier,
and said that in a contest like the one
now in progress we have not only the
right but the Almighty on our side. The
Bpeaker exhort&d his hearers to be true
to their God, their flag and themselves.
.L»r. M. Magnus delivered the English
oration, in which he sketched in a brief
and interesting manner the incidents that
led up to the revolution. His description
of the battle of Bunker Hill was vtiy
vivid, particularly where he expatiated
on the great bravery with which the
poorly armed, raw American troops with
stood the repeated assaults or the best
soldiers of the English Army. He said
we were not celebrating the fact that in
that conflict some 1600 men were lost on
the two sides, but the fact that with that
battle began that dawn of American
freedom which has made England a dif
ferent country than it would otherwise
have been. Not only that, but it has ex
ercised a mighty influence upon English
colonies, as well as upon the govern
ments of Germany and France. In the
war with Spain America is taking a
stand never taken before— that of ending i
the brutal oppression of the helpless by -
the power or sword and valor. The mil- i
liona of Germans who have made this j
country their home have learned to love j
it better than the Fatherland, and with i
these men standing for the flag we need j
no other allies. The speaker declared
that no matter what kind of an alliance j
America might make she would be giv
ing more than she could possibly receive, j
"Let hf.r depend upon her own match- ;
less resources in fighting men and i
money," said Dr. Magnus, "and no mat
ter what country may turn its guns and !
soldiers against our beloved land, be it
France, England or Germany, the Ger
man citizens will Ptand by the flag that
guards their homes and symbolizes the
liberties of the greatest nation on earth.
We hope the day may never come that
will require us to raise the sword against
the Futherland, but if it does we are
ready."
The exercises closed with appropriate
remarks from Chaplain Clark of the
Seventh Regiment Volunteers and the
uinglng of the "Star-spangled Banner"
by Miss Groenlnger.
Can Our Coast Be Effectually
Blockaded?
If confidence can be felt In the 'opinion of
military ; and naval officers in '..high places at
the seat >of government^ . such jis the ' vast 5 ex
tent of our sea coast to blockade It effectually.'
even if our navy and sea coast defenses could
offer no - adequate : resistance, seems to be Im
possible. When a blockade of the bowels ' ex
ists, ' rellove : ; constipation / with" Hostetter's
Stomach ' Bitters, ■> which " conquers dyspepsia,
rheumatism wid. Wdnej; |rouije* f j
LANDING PLACE
HARD TO FIND
Difficulty Confronting
the Transports.
BLUFFS LINE THE SHORE
REPORT THAT GUANTANAMO
HAS BEEN SELECTED.
i
Naval Officers Express the Opinion
That All the Troops Will
JNot Be Disem
barked.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, June 17.
i American naval officers now here say
\ that they have explored the Cuban
coast for miles in both directions from
Santiago, and that everywhere are pre
cipitous hills and bluffs facing the sea.
They say there is no place where troops
j could be propely landed within reach
ing distance of the city except in the
i harbor. The opinion is expressed that
j only enough troops are needed to sus
! tain the position of the marines now at
j Guantanamo and the rest may be sent
I back, leaving the navy to aid the insur
i gents in taking Santiago.
MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, Hayti, "June
i 17. — The Yosemite has been ordered to
| leave Kingston, Jamaica, immediately.
; She goes to Guantanamo to prepare a
i landing for the army. Guantanamo has
been decided to be the only available
landing place.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— N0 news is
expected from the fleet at Santiago be
fore Sunday. That statement was
made at the Navy Department to-day
and was based upon accurate knowl
edge of the cowse taken and the speed
the vessels are traveling. The na
val officials are still confident that the
vessels have taken the easterly course
by way of Cape Maysi. They should
have rounded that point by this time.
The fixing of Sunday as the day
upon which news might be expected is
supposed to have been brought about
by the fact that it will take some time,
probably as much as two days, to land
the troops and their heavy equipments.
Seeing that several days were required
to effect the embarkation of troops at
Tampa, it is not to be expected that I
much better time can be made in get- j
ting them ashore on a hostile coast \
without any of the facilities afforded
at Tampa for the work.
The War Department has been work
ing strenuously to establish cable com
munication over the French cable be
tween Hayti and the point near San
tiago where the marines are now
camped. The Mancel was yesterday at !
Cape Haytien with everything pre
pared for the start, when trouble was
found with her clearance papers. As
soon as the fact was reported here Gen
eral Greely induced the State Depart
ment to send instructions to United
States Minister Powell at Port au
Prince to use his good offices with the j
Haytien Government to facilitate the j
departure of the ship. It is believed j
that this has now been accomplished j
and the Mancel Is now either In Guan- i
tanamo Bay or very close to that place.
As soon as cable communication is re
stored it will be operated by the French
Cable Company itself, the only restric
tion imposed by the United States be
ing the establishment of a censorship
at Camp McCalla.
For the same reason that they de
clined to make public any information
respecting the sending of the Santiago
expedition until the transports had
started, the War Department officials
decline to say whether they are about
to send reinforcements to General Shaf
ter immediately. But without reference
to reinforcements the department will
establish a line of almost daily steamers
with General Shafter to keep his troops
supplied amply with food, munitions of
war and whatever else may be needed, i
It may be necessary also for the Gov
eminent to undertake by means of this ,
express service to supply in large part '
with food and ammunition the Cuban !
Insurgents already under Garcia and
Rabl, who are reported to have come to
the support of Lieutenant Colonel
Huntingdon's marines at Camp Mc-
Calla. v
If the Government should find it
necessary to reinforce General .Shafter
with a few thousand additional soldiers
they can be very conveniently and at
short notice transported on some of
these supply ships.
Eureka Society Incorporated.
The Eureka Society for the Protection
of Children was Incorporated yesterday.
The directors are J. C. Irvine, N. Fallek,
Daniel S. Q'Brien, E. O. Schetter, Edward
L. Wadhani. J. A. Waldteufel. C. W. Wil
son, J. W. Walton, Louis R. Goldberg,
Charles Newman and R. C. Brower.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. j Organs of
the body which have . been weakened
through ' disease, overwork, excesses or
Indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
mJB*XIJKE cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. VABIiOCELK. hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. ContH.
griouM l>loo«l poison in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system. l..*?«iies» will receive special
attention for all their many ailments.
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. .He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L
SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal. .
*SWgV - We Rent all Makes. Few partly
agsstiL used for Sale cheap. Send for
S&lSjfl Samples and Prices.
Ms3^ L. &M. ALEXANDER
33gyig9 Agents SMITH PREMIER ,
■*■• 11Q MONTGOMERY ST., S. CAt. I
SS OPIUM
The par* enantial extract from the natlTe drtifr. Co»
taim all th« valuable medicinal proportlM of Opium
Ii t £?« t .« U »O xlo V*»J«ra«nt», So (ickoeca cf «tomach|
ADVERTISEMENTS^
"IDOMYOWNWOBK.''
So Says Mrs. Mary Bochiette of
Linden, New Jersey, in this
Letter to Mrs. Pinkham.
' -*.*. I : was bothered with a flow which
would be quite annoying" at times, and
at others would almost stop.
*' I used prescriptions given me by my
physician, but the _y^v>
tor, and oc^un '/• ■ •
taking your mcdi- ■
cine, and have certainly been gTeatly
benefited by its use. . •
*'Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound has indeed been a friend to me.
" I am now able to do my own work,
thanks to your wonderful medicine. I
was as near death I believe as I could
be, so weak that my pulse scarcely beat
and my heart had almost given out. I
could not have stood it one week more,
lam sure. I never thought I would
be so grateful to any medicine.
11 1 shall use my influence with any •*
one suffering as. I did, to have them
use Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound."
Every woman that is puzzled about
her condition should secure the S3*mpa-
thetii advice of a woman who under-
stands. a Write to Mrs. Pinkham at
Lynn, Mass.. and tell her your ilia.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S <**•**
rtgL Museum of Anatomy
|B|fß\ ICBI IUBEET S7. tet. 6th 4 7th, S. P. C»L
fi iL* I The L«rge«t of Jti kind loth* World.
\j«Sj\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Vvjl |L CVin»uka".lon free. Write for Hook
\ | Phifosopiiy^f W Marri"age.
O O WflllFD FftEC -
AMUSEMENTS.
MATIXEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. JUNE 18.
Parquet, any seat, 26c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
FANNY WENTWORTH, London Society En-
tertainer; EZRA KENDALL, humorist; CAR-
LIN and Clark, German Comedians; SAVANS,
Acrobatic comedy; KATIE ROONEY. WILLS
and LORETTO. ALBURTUS and BARTRUM.
MUSICAL JOHNSONS. Retained by Popular
demand— AL LEACH and the THREE ROSE-
BUDS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY! TO-NIGHT, AND SUN-
DAY—LAST TIMES.
FRAWLEYCOMPANY
Presenting .'.Augustin Daly's Comedy Success,
"NUMBER NINE."
NEXT MONDAY— Bronson Howard's "ARIS-
TOCRACY."
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Continuing all this week. Afternoons at S,
evenings at 8:30. The acme of science in moT-
ing pictures, "THE PASSION PLAY." Ad-
mission, with seat, adults 25c. children 15c.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco. Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening — 10c, 25c and 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THIRD WEEK of
.'.'. CEOACE F*. WEBSTER .'.*.
In Clay M. Greene's Great Arctio Drama,
"Under the Polar Star."
Directed by H. PERCY MELDON.
A Magnificent Prcr»»ction, With New Scenic.
Mechanical and Electrical Effects.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs.Ernestlne Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
LAST NIGHTS.
THE PATRIOTIC OPERA SPECTACLE,
J\JS
AMERICAN HERO!
DON'T MISS THIS
NEXT WEEK
A Production Par Excellence!
"-A.l_il BABA!"
A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
Popular Prices ......;' 25 and EOo
** No Telephone.
ATP A7An seats by
ALCAZAR, PHONE.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
RRICES Isc. 23c, 33<J
To-night and To-morrow, Sunday,
LEWIS MORRISON
As COUNT DE MORNAY in
A CELEBRATED CASE !
In Preparation— Lewis Morrison's Patriotic!
Play — "The Nation's Defenders."
THE GREATEST GUN ON EARTH,
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
IS AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. ■
A Great Vaudeville Performance In the
. FREE THEATER.
3EE THE PEKING LEAVING THE WHARFt ;
ANOTHER BIS SEA LION IN THE ZOO.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
SUTRO_BATHS.
SUNDAY, JUNE 19, at 2:30 p. m. '
SECOND GRAND ' r
SOLDIERS' DAY! SWIMMING RACES
Between the ■ • ■ »
tVASHINGTON, lO\ A. BATTERY C,U. S. A,,
MONTANA, FOURTEENTH U. S. IN<- '
FANTRY, SOUTH DAKOTA AND
* KANSAS VOLUNTEERS.
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES.
\ Admission 10c. Children sc.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music. Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, . round
trip, 25c; Children. 15c; including admission
to grounds. . '
—THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon ?erry" at 10:30 a. m., 12:10. •
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo a{
11:15 a. m., 1. S and 5 p. m. -
OLYMPIA | Corn* of Mtson *nl
kjl. i mf i a | Eddy Stf#-ti _
A Great New Bill. THE BIOGRAPH. - New
War Scenes; the GREAT DE BO E, LA ROY
SISTERS, ENYVELL. MAUDE ROCKWELL.
LA MONT, WILLIAMS, • GAMBOL. Great
3how. Admission Free. VBBStSSBSOKSmS
■ / BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK,
H Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL .LEAGUE. -
'■■' Chamnlonship Pacific Coast.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.
SAN JOSE VS. SAN FRANCISCO.
Admission 25c. Ladles Free. f
MARKET-STREETJOCIAL CLUB.
GENTLEMEN'S PASTIME GAMES.
Free refreshments every hour. No mtn*» > « pn, -
tertained. Doors open 12 o olocK. ' 823 Market
»t-~ undfr Viiisiu PlnUanr»_
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
PTlver lower.
■Wheat declined. Bar'sy fleafi.
OatP. Corn and Rye -lull.
Some chance In Mlllstuffs.
Ha- dull and weak. Foodstuffs unchanged.
Nothing doing In Deans. •
Potatoes and On'.ons unchanged.
Tomatoes In large supply.
Butter and Cheese as before.
Eggs accumulating and lower.
Poultry about the eama.
Fresh Fruits generally unchanged.
Provisions fairly active.
Wool. Hides and Hops as befor*.
Pork nd Mutton firm.
Rice eteady.
Financial quotations unaltered.'
Decreased shipments In Lumber.
Smaller exports of Salmon, j
BHIPMENTS OF SALMON.
Shipments of Salmon from this port during
the first five months of the year were 94.067
cases nnd 4O."« packages, valued at $356.2<W,
BKainst 115.200 cafe:! and 59*0 packages at $575,
000 for the same time in 1597.
EXPORTS OF LUMBER.
F.xprts of Lumber from this port during the
first Ove months of the year were 7.271.000 feet,
valued at $183.'.KV<, against 11.800.000 feet at J270,
400 during the panic time In 1597.
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow files with the wind. The top fig
ures ai station indicate minimum temperature
I r the Cays, those underneath It. If any, th«
amount of ralniali or uf melted snow in inches
and bur,. lre.it '■-,« daring the last twelve hours.
Itobars. >>r solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted linos, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres~
cure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy Wi-ather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure. Is high in the interior and lovr
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is ltn
} r t.at'le. With a "high" in the vicinity of
. and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather mey be expected
!:. rammer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce aa
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Mprldlan— Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. June 17. 5 p. m.
Tha following maximum temperatures aro
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka. 7t'>; Fresno. 98: Los Angeles. 80; Red
Bluff. DO; Independence, 92; San Diego. 68: Sac
ramento, 6S; Kan Luis Obispo, bt>; Yuma, 104.
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 6S;
minimum. 34; mean. 61.
WEATHER CXiNDITIONS AND QEN'ERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure Is falling slowly along the Pa
cific Coast. It has risen rapidly during the
past 24 hours over the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature has risen over all the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains, except a
small ar-M near the mouth of the Columbia
River, where It has remained stationary. The
temperatures In California are from 5 to 18 de
grees above . the normal.
Rain has fallen in Washington and Northern
Oregon.
A maximum wind velocity of 32 miles per
hour from the southeast is reported at Fort
. Canhy.
Forecast! made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, r.dlng midnight, June IS, 1SS8:
Northern California— Fair Saturday: souther
ly win, is Inland; fresh westerly winds on the
coaat.
1 Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Pair Saturday.
Utah- Fair Saturday.
Ariz..r::i Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday
fresh westerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind northwest, 4 miles per
hour; temperature 73; maximum. 75.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW Y"KK. June 17.— The unsettled and
waiting temper of Fpeculatlon wo* fhown no
lese to-day by the stagnation In railroad stocks
than by the disposition to take up different
members of the group known as specialties.
ingrH in the railroad list were few and
far between, and the only movement of prices
was the saving: tendency almost Inevitable In
a lifeless market. Infinite Information as to
the conditions of the corning crops Is what
speculators would most like to have, ♦he
markets wore full of rumors to-day of damage
and deterioration to the. crops. The failure of
thewheat market to reflect any crop damage
was attributed to large selling of the accumu
lations of the Loiter deal. But coupled with
tin? reports of crop damage, It served to con
fuse the speculative mind and discourage opera
tions. Money also showed a slowly hardening
tendency and sterling exchange advanced on
demand for remittance of dividends and Inter
est due to foreign holders on July 1. The vio
lent movement Of several of the specialities
reflected no Henura.l condition and was without
information on the stocks Immediately dealt in.
The Ruhlifr stocks. Tobacco, General Electric
Leather preferred and Lead showed substantial
■advances.
Hallway bonds were very dull in sympathy
with stocks, but prices were better held. Total
6ales, J2.o(«j/pOO. United States new fours reg
istered d;'c.ll!ied %; do coupon and old fours
registered, V*; the old fours coupon in the bid
New Coora r~git.te.red and the old fours
registered rose 2'i4 and IVi respectively on sales
over pnvioua mile.
Kbe total Bales of stocks to-day were 292 100
i. In. hiding: 8200 Atchlson preferred- 6200
C and O.; !»000 Burlington: 8700 C. C. C and
St. Louis; 20.X00 Manhattan; 40,700 Missouri Pa
.cific; 2300 Northern Pacific preferred- 8700 Rock
1.-land; 15,900 St Paul; BL3OO American To
bacco; 3600 Chicago —t western; 8800 Peo
ple's Gas; 3900 Oeneral Electric; 45.200 Sugar
12,100 Leather preferred; 4SOO Rubber; 2700 do
preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson I. 13%| Do prefd 149 ■
Do prefd .32J4 St P M &. M 141
Baltimore & Ohio 20% So Pacific 18%
Canada Pacific... So .So Railway ....... 8%
Canada Southern. 87% Do prefd 29%
■Central l'aclflc .. 13^i Texas & Pacific. ll£
'Ches & Ohio 23% Union Pac prefd. EB%
Chi & Alton 15s L* PD & 0 7U
Chi B & U 104% Wabash 7
•Chi & E HI 61%» Do prefd 19
CCC& St L 42% Wheel & L E..... 2 .
Do DreM 88 Do prefd 11
Del & Hudson — 109% Express Companies-
Del L& W. 154 Adams Ex ......;. 100
Den & R Q 12»J American Ex .... 127
Do prefd 50 % United States .... 40
Erie .(new) 13% j Wells Fargo 130
Do Ist prefd — 35% ■ Miscellaneous—'
Fcrt Wayne 16S A Cot Oil 20
■at Nor prefd 177 | Do prefd 78%
Hocking Valley... 6% Amn Spirits 18T4
Illino'.B Central .. 104 Ms Do prefd 36%
Lake Erie & W... 15 Am Tobacco 118
Do Drefd 71 Do prefd ........ 118%
Lake Shore 183% People's Gas ..... 98%
Louis & Nash G2% Tens. Gas ......... \X%,
Manhattan L. .... 105 Com Cable C 0.... 170 ,
Met St Hy 100 Col Fit Iron 20%
Mich Central 103 Do prefd 90
Minn & St L 27% Qen Electric ...... 37%
Do Ist rrefd.... 90% Illinois StP<?l 50
Mo Pacific 35 Lacledo Gas 55
.Mobile & 0hi0.... 26% U;ad 34%
Mo X & T 11 Do prefd 106
Do prefd 33% Nat Lin Oil 17
Chi Ind & 111 9% Or Imp Co ....... 29%
Do prefd 30 Pacific Mall 28%
H J. Central 93% Pullman Palace... 188
•NY Central ..... 115% Silver Certificates l\%
N T Chi &Bt U.. 13 Stand Rit T....< 6
■Do let prefd.... 65 Bugar 133%
D~ 2d prefd .... 31% Do prnfd 112%
Nor We*t 14% T C & Iron 23%
No Amer Co 6H U S Leather ..... 7%
No Pacific • 2S»i Do prefd -.65%
Do prefd 68% U S Rubber 23%
Ontario & W 15 Do prefd 85*4
Or R & Nav...\. 49 West. Union 92%
Or Short Line.... 30 Chi & N W 125>4
Pittsburg 16S Do prefd 171
Reading 19H!St L & S W 5H
Do Ist prefd.... 45Vt Do prefd 11%
Rock Island ..... 106% R G W... 25
St L & S F.. 7H Do prerd ..: 64ft
Do Ist prefd.... 63% Chi G W 14
Do 2d prefd.... 29\lHaw Com Co .... 24%
St Paul 99% Brooklyn R T 51%
Do prefd 148% Union Paolflo ... 23H
St P& Om ,76 I ■ s X
: " • CLOSING BONDS. ' '
U 8 new 4s reg.. 125 N Carolina 6a 125
Do coup i? 4% Do 4s 102%
U « 4» him,.. Na Pac lsts 116
Do coup 111% Do Ss 61%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s i' 7
U S 08 reg- 112% N V C 4 St L 4g. 104%
Do 5s coup 112 V* .Vor A W os 120
District 3.66b 115% Northwstrn cons. 142 »
: Ala class A 110 Do ileb 5s 11« '
Do B 105 O Nay lot* 115
Do C 101Vi,O Nay 4s .: 94%
I Do Currency ... 90 10 S Line 6s tr.... 26%.
Atchlson 4s VS iO S Lin? 6* tr.... 107%
li.> atlj 4s 66Vi O Imp UtS tr.... 114
Can So 2ds V-%\ Do 5a tr ss'
i Chi Term 4s S6 Pa c lrk- 6n of 96... 101
C & Ohio Ss. 114 (trading 4» 85%
'C ti & V v^.... 104% R <i vv lsts 87**
i D & X G lsts 106H St L & I M C 58. 94T»
! D & R G 4s 95% St I, & S F G 6s. 120%
Ea*t Term lsts... 107% iSt P Con 145%
i Erie Gen 4s 73% st P C ft P Ists.. 11S%
FW & D lots tr. 72% Do Ss 116%
Gen Elec 6s 103 So Ry 5s j 94%
|G H & S A 65.... 106 Stand RAT 6a.. ■67
Do 2ds 103 Term now set 35.. 91
H & TC 6s 11l Tex &P L O Ist9 103%
Do con 6s 104 Do Rff 2dn 35%
■ lowa C lsts 1014 Union Pac 4s 96%
ILn new conn «5.... 100 L' P D & Ists. 62%
L & N ITnl 45.... 90 Wab let 65......... 109
Missouri 6s 100 Do 2ds 84%
;M X & T 2ds 63 W Shore 4s 1084
Do 4s 87% Va Centuries... 71%
N V Central lsto. 119 ! Do deferred .... 54
N J C 6s ......... 118% UP prefd 68%
MINING STOCKS.
[ Chollar 05' Ontario I 60
Crown Point 05 Ophlr 20 !
Con Cal & Va 3S Plymouth 12 I
: Deadwood 40 1 Quicksilver 00 |
Oould & Curry.... 10- Do prefd ........ 800 ,
Hale c& Norcross. 80 Sierra Nevada ... 55 ]
j Homestake 40 00 Standard 155
j Iron, Silver 65 Union Con ........ ', 15
I Mexican 12 Yellow Jacket ... 15
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. June 17— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: A reaction
in values occurred early in the week, result
ing In more or less liquidation and bear sell
ing and somewhat lower prices throughout
the share list. The declines, except in a few
instances, were not severe, considering the ex
tent of the previous bull movement, and the
market soon became steady and later In the
wH.'k gave symptoms of renewed advance.
This was, however, mainly on short covering,
and one of the effects of the check to the
markets rising tendency way the decrease of
public participation, professional manipulation
being once more very apparent. London was
a purchaser of stocks to a limited extent on
the decline, but the active interest in Ameri
cans there is small and the London market
generally Is sluggish and narrow. At the end
of the week industrials aiul specialties were
the principal objects of the trading.
The bond Issue and the war news have, of
course, been factors, but the principal Influ
ence In the market this week was the collapse
of Leiter's grain operation at Chicago. It Is
new recognized that this was hanging over
the markf-t for a little time, and wae the
probable cause for the change of leading opera
tors from the bu'l side of stocks. The actual
news of the development at Chicago last Tues-
Jay was. however, a surprise, and a disagree
able mo, to the street at large. The Western
contingent was a very heavy Heller of stocks,
and there was a general fear that banks or
other large Interests might be involved, which
were promptly reflected In the course of prices
for railroad securities. Indeed, the feeling of
apprehension on this score was not thoroughly
relieved until the close of the week, when It
was apparently established that the losses
would fall mainly, if not entirely, on the
chief actor In the episode and his backing.
In this connection it may also be noted that
the reports of the continued ralne at the West
and the dainace to the croi>s have been In
fluential to the bears, while the continuance of
rate-cutting, both East and West, has also
been held up us an unfavorable element In the
situation.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. June 17.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
1 markets here were very dull to-day. The
I only feature was the flatness of Brazils. Amer
i leans were fiat but closed better. Grand Trunk
was flat nominally on trafrice reports, but
really because of a weak speculative account.
An ultimate rally is expected. The money
I market Is slightly lower. Fewer American
: loans are offering.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 88; Grand Trunk, 8%; Bar
Silver, unchanged, 26 11-1W; Money, Vs&l per
i cent.
j NEW YORK GRAIN' AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 17— FLOUR— Receipts,
14.761; exports, 6300. Weak and UffSo lower.
WHEAT— Receipts, 184,075 bushels; exports,
! 440.600 bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 red. 89c f.
o. b. afloat. Options experienced another weak
day and closed about the lowest at lVt®4e net
decline, the latter In July. Bears were vigor
ous short sellers on cables. Improved crop ad
vices and bearish Modern Miller report. No. S
red July. MfaSSc, closed Sl%c.
HOPS— Firmer.
WOOL— Quiet; domestic fleece, 17@23c.
METALS— The tone of to-day's market was
I a downward turn by tin and further pro
nounced strength In the lead department. At
i the close the Metal Exchange called:
! PlGlHON— Warrants dull, with $6 50 bid and
. $6 C 5 asked.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, $11 75 bid, and $12
a8 TIN— Easier, with $15 10 bid and $13 20 asked.
: LEAD— Strong, with $3 92^ bid and »3 87V*
I asked. Lead is quoted at $3 70 by the firm
I naming the settling price for leading miners
and smelters.
.SPELTER— NominaI, with $5 bid and $5 &
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed barely stearty, with
5 points lower. Sates, 13.500 bags. Including:
June and July, $6 80. Spot coffee — Rio dull,
nominal; No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing,
6%c; mild, inactive; Cordova, BH<2lsV4c.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet but steady; fair refln
1 ing, 6%ic; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 15-16 c; refined,
! steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 426S packages. Steady;
! Western creamery, 13%4<fi17c; Elglns, 17c; fac
i tory. 12H512\c.
i EGGS — Receipts, 4800 packages. Steady;
i Western, llS<#l2c; Southern, 10%@llc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW TOTtK, June 17. — California Dried
Fruits Quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 8c per
It>; prime wire tray, 9s9V4c; wood-dried, prime,
9Vjc; choice, 9Hc: fancy. 10c.
PRUNES— I^H'ic per rt>, as to size and qual
ity.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, S'S'lOc; Moorpark. 10#12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, sS>9c; peeled, 12<g»16a
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAOO. June 17.— Weak foreign markets
and brilliant weather In the winter wheat belt
presented an opportunity for short sellers of
wheat, which they hastened to avail themselvee
of at the start. September, which closed yes
terday at 70% c, started to-day at from 70c down
to 69\0. and after touching 70Vic for a moment
it began to poll down bill, and did not cease
Its descent for two hours, except to gather force
for a further fall. In that time it had de
clined to 68\40. December In the same time
had sunk from 70Mtc and 70% c around the open
ing to 6\)\L®t&%<:. July had sold off from 78S4e
to 7s\4c. Everybody sold wheat and evinced no
disposition to buy It back even on such a
break as that shown above. There was noth
ing in their minds apparently but the com
ing of a great crop of new wheat here and In
Europe, and the hastening of the advent of the
home crop by the cessation of rain and the
fair warm weather that has been generally
succeeding It. The market refused to respond
for more than a few mlnutee at a time and
then only for a small fraction and grew weak
er as the close of the session approached. Liv
erpool was 3%d lower In July and l%d in Sep
tember. The Paris market vu heavy also
and Antwerp weak. July closed with a loss
of 3Vt@'3%c and September 3H@**c.
The reappearance of the sun In the Western
country' had a depressing lnfiuenoe In corn.
It thawed out a good deal of long corn that
holders had frozen to for some time, and It all
dropped into the pit. July closed l%&iy,c
lower.
The weakness In oats was mainly in sym
pathy with the other grains, although the
weather waa to some extent a bearish factor
July closed %c lower.
The decline in grain affected provisions un
favorably. There was a desultory commission
house selling. Pork closed 12>4c lower, lard 5
<J7V4c lower and ribs Be lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 3—' • -
June ......: ~ %X 84 80 . SO
Ju1y..... 78% 78% ' 75% 75%
September :.. TO 70% - * 88% ' 68V4
December .. 70% 10% C 9 66%
Corn No. %—% — • >
June...........". :8* 82H 1 J«i g*
July. 33 33 32 ' 82*
September 83% 83% 82% m *
Oats No. 2— - - r,
July 2t% 24% 23% 23%
September ...'. -21% 21% 20% 20%
Mess Pork, per bbl— . •
! July 9 52% 9 62% 9 62% 960 ;
September ......... 975 9 82% 970 976
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July .5 75 5 80 6 75 5 76
I September ......... 685 5 87% 685 EBS .
Short Rlbe. per 100 ft>s- '
Jiffy. ..y^..^. v .U B « 645 __ 6^«i4 6«5
a
THE SAST FBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JTJ^E 18. 1898.
September E $T% BSS .8 66 6 52%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; No. 2 spring wheat, 74@76c; No. S spring
wheat, 70>gS0c; No. 2 red, 82c; No. 2 corn, 32% c;
No. 2 oats, 26c; No. 2 white, 28Hi»29e; < No. S
white. 27W«274c; No. 2 barley, 32<&35c; No. ■ 1
Saxseed, *1 32%; prime timothy seed, $2 60; mess
pork, per bbl, $9 60@9 65; lard, per 100 rbs,
fs 75@5 774; short ribs sides (loose), $5 80@5 60;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $4 7605; short
clear Bides (boxed). $5 75@'6.
Articles— ... RecMpts. Shipments.
Flour bbls 6,500 6.500
Wheat, bush 9.100 1.800
Corn, bush' ....: '. .305,000 ■ R63.500
Oats, bu»h ........125.300 ' , 816.800
Rye, bush - 3.f>00
Barley, bush ................. 3,700 1,000
On th« Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 14@16c; dairies,
HViQl3%a. Eggs steady; fresh, 9%0.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 34.080 17.250
Duluth 73.807 60.73S
! Milwaukee 4.560 1.520
Chicago 9.100 1.P51
Toledo 7.278 5.100
i St. Louis 7,000 , 7,000
| Detroit •: 17
j Kansas City 15,000 4,000
Totals 150,832 87.531
. Tidewater—
! Boston 13,193 107.7:2
! New York MO.tng
Philadelphia- 5.020 16.559
Baltimore ;.... ZTi.O39
New Orleans •
Galveston
Totals
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat—- ' v June. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 60 70 4S 90
Closing 5* »0 48 60
> Flour —
Opening 36 70 22 15
Closing g6 50 2190
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES.
Juna. July. Sept. Deo.
Opening 7 8 «i% 6 %
Closing 714 «2% 6H
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 17.— CATTLE— was a
good demand for cattle to-day at steady prices.
Choice Bteers. $4 80@4 45; medium. $4 50®4 67;
beef steers, $4 10S4 35; stockers and feeders,
$4 50«6; bulls, $2 90«4 20; cows and heifers, ,
$8 3iV54 75; calves. $3 50@7 25; Western steera,
$4 20f 4 00.
HOGS— Were 10c lower. Fair to choice. $3 92H
•54 07%: packers, $3 76^3 90; butchers', $3 80@ •
4 02; mixed, $3 75^4; light. $3 65fn>3 95; pigs, i
»2 70«f3 80. ... 1
SHEEP— The supply of sheep was well taken
at steady prices. Native sheep. $3 2f'5.". 2:,;
rams, $2 fi<K(f4: fed lambs, $4; shorn lambs,
$4 25©6 10; spring lambs, $6(?jS 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; hogs, 23,000; sheep.
8000. „: .
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY June 17.— Receipts,
SSOO. Market steady; native steers. $3 25@>4 95;
native cows and heifers, $2'<?4 75: stockers and
feeders. $3 Ss<sj 40: bulls. $2 76^3 85.
HOGS— Receipts. 15.000. Market SffflOc lower;
bulk of sales. Jtl 75^3 90: heavies, $3 B<V-/4: pack
ers. $3 65«73 90; mixed. $3 60«i3 95; lights. $3 40
@3 75: pigs. $303 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Market strong;
lambs, H 50(fi.5 50; muttons, $3©6.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. June 17.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2000.
Market 'steady to strong: native beef sters. $4
@4 SO: Western steets, $3 So@4 45; cows and heif
ers, $3 6f>4?4 30; stockers and feeders, $4@5 10;
calves. $4 f>o<g7.
HOGS-Recelpts. 6500. Market 6®loc lower;
heavy. JS 80(53 &O; mixed. 13 So*r3 85: light. $3 73
®3 fO: bulk of sales. $3 80(S3 85.
SHEEP— Receipts, 100. Market strong; fair
to choice natives. $4<g'4 6T»: do Westerns, $3 80 '
'fM 60; common and stock sheep, $3 50@4 60;
lambs, $4 2C@6 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, June 17.— CATTLE— Receipts, 750.
Market, steady. Beef steers, $3 75@4 65 ; cow*,
J3'3'4; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 80<& 4 40;
stockers, freight paid, |3 90®4 60; stags, etc.,
12 Eoff3 60.
HOGS— Receipts,- $3. Market easy. Light
packers, $3 S6<g3 90; mixed, $3 80<B'3 85; heavy,
$3 75 53 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, 400. Market steady. Good
fat muttons, $3 30^4 50; lambs, $4 40®5 40.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California
fruit to-day at auction, realizing the follow
ing prices:
PHILADELPHIA, June 17.— Royal,
$1 35@? 05, average $1 72. Peaches— Alexander.
SOc^Jl 35, average $1. Plums— Clyman, 80c@
II 20, average $1 04; Tragedy prunes, $1 2O<3>
$2 05, average $1 50. Two cars sold.
MONTREAL, June -7.— Apricots— Royal, $1 65
<St 2 10, average $1 7S. Plums — Clyman. 93c@
$1 90, average tl 41. Peaches— Alexander (bxs.),
SOcQ'Sl 35. average $108; Email crates, 80c@
$1 40, average *1 02. •
NEW YORK. June 17.— Plums— Clyman. 35c@
U ifi. average 76 cents; K. Claude, 60@90c, aver
age 60c; St. Catherines, 60<g70c. average EBc;
Royal Hatlve, 4r.@Soc, average 59c; Tragedy
Prunes. $1 OD<3>l 80. average Jl 70. Alexander
Peaches— sOcojl 15, average • 72c. Cherrle* —
Royal Anne, 65c@tl 70, average S2c; Tartarian,
33c^$l 15, average 70c; Blgerreau 4O*iSsc. av
erage 71c; Republican, wic'ijl 10, average 59c;
Black Oregon, 60@S0c, average 66c. Thirteen
cars sold."
. NEW YORK. June Porter Bros. Com
pany, sold to-day at open auction California
fruit at following prices: Plums — Burbanks."
$3 25 per crate; Clymans, 50c?$l 40; Royal
Hatlves, 60cS;$l 20; cherry, sO@Ssc; St. Cathe
rines,. 50<SS0c. Apricots— Royals. 7Oc<g't3; Mont
gameta, |1 40. Cherries— Royal Annes, 45c<9>
$2 06 per box; Blgerreaus, 40c@tl 30; Tartarlans,
150>95c; Centennials, 35c; Rockports, 70c. Prunes
— Tragedys. $1 OCffl 85 * per crate; Slmoni, $1 53.
— Alexanders, 35<5/Soc per box; Ulutls.
$1 10.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June 17— Consols. 111%; Silver,
22 11-lCd; French Rentes. 102f 60c.
LIVERPOOL. June 17.-Wheat, dull; No. 1
Standard California Wheat, 445; cargoes off
coast, limited Inquiry. 3d lower; cargoes on
passage, rather easier, 3d lower; English coun
try markets dull; French country markets,
steady; wheat in Paris weak; flour in Paris,
COTTON— Uplands. 3 9-16.
• CLOSE.-
WHEAT— No. 1 red Northern spring,
dull, 7s 9d: No. 2 red Western winter, dull.
7s Sd. ■- r - - .
CORN— American - mixed new quiet, 3s
3>4d; July, quiet, 3s 3%d; September, quiet, 3s
4%d.. - . ' ••  . ..
FLOUR— Kt. Louis fancy, winter, dull, 11s 9d.
WHEAT FUTURES— CIosed quiet. July 7s
1% d; September, 8s 2*, d; December, 6s 6%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., June 17.— There Is but Httle
doing In the local Wheat market,' although a
sale of Walla Walla was reported to-day on the
basis of 70c In thirty.
Flour is down 25c per barrel.
WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA, Wash., • June 17.— N0 market for
Wheat to-day. • . ■
LONDON SHEEPSKIN SALES.
LONDON, June 17.— The auction sale of
Sheepskins was held in Mincing Lana to-day.
The offerings amounted to 167,500. of which
150,200 were sold. The quality of the skins was
generally better than the offerings at the April
sales, but prices showed no change. Coarse
wooled suitable for gloves was very firm.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. June 17.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $188, 346. 809; gold re
serve, $163^554,826.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 17.— COTTON— Steady;
middling*, 6 l-16c.
NEW YORK, Juno 17.— COTTON — Dull.
6 9-16 c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., June 17.— Exchange*, $271, -
613; balances. $."\«».
BRADSTREHTS REVIEW.
NEW YORK, June 17.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Unprecedented foreign trades
totals. Involving heavily Increased shipments
of breadstuff*, provisions, raw cotton and
manufactured products; flattering 'crop pros
pects, pointing to a very large yield of wheat
and most other cereals, as well as cotton;
profitable railway operations, as reflected In
relatively higher gains In net than In grons
receipts; activity In nearly all lines of manu
facturing, except some textile branches; prices
for most staples showing heavy advances over
the preceding year; bank clearings exceeding
all previous records at this date; a volume of
new demand limited In the East and South to
midsummer dullness, but In the West and
Northwest comparing favorably with records of
previous years and a low rate of business
mortality, are all features of the general busi
ness situation at the present time. The col
lapse of Leit«r and his deal In wheat, with the
demoralization In prices which was a con
comitant, has been followed by a quieter feel-
Ingr ■ in cereal • markets, but -:' export ' demand
partly on early placed orders has Improved, and
more is doing by flour millers. It la true that
the continued wot weather in sections west of
the Mississippi Is affecting wheat harvesting,
but the trade opinion leads to a crop of 700
000,000 ' bushels of wheat and large ' yields of
most other cereate, with corn promising | least
favorable. .... .'. ■ . ■:'. % ,
' The cotton yield may be slightly smaller than
last year, but ■ this i might . easily be compen
sated for by an advance . In ~ values, which are
higher on the week. A rather quiet tone Is
shown .In the , Iron - situation < this • week rela
tively most activity \ being exhibited :■ at '■ the
sCVwU New buyiag U restricted.' Jjutallli and
furnaces are turning out a heavy output, and
the banking of furnaces Ib looked for to give
tone to quotations of the raw products. Cot
ton goods. If anything, are slightly Improved,
but raw wool Is still under restricted demand,
because manufacturer? find new business 6low.
The price situation for the week reflects steadi-
Bess, the only important decreases being in
Southern plglron. wheat and f.our, while hogt
are higher at the West, a number of metals
have been advanced and nats, tforn, lard and
cotton note fractional advances.
The West and Northwest continue the scene
of relatively most activity alike In demand
and movement of merchandise. The excellent
crop prospects In the Northwest are reflected
In a satisfactory trade in seasonable goods and
a relatively larger volume of orders for fall
trade, with the aggregate sales at most cities
heavily in excess of the corresponding week
In recent years.
Wheat exports for the week aggregate 4.280,
757 bushels, against 4,830,982 bushels last week,
2,047,319 bushels in this week a year ago. 3,020,
317 bushels in 1898, 2,837,307 bushels in 1595 and
1.927.000 bushels in 1594.
Corn exports are also slightly smaller than
last week, amounting to 4,106,000 bushels, as
compared with 4,774,303 bushels In the preceding
week. 1.924,313 bushels fn this week a year ago,
1,510,000 bushels in IS')6 and 858,000 bushels In
1595.
Business mortality Is at a low point, the fail
ures for the trees nuniherlsg only 207. 14
smaller th:in a week ap<> 19 f#wer than In the
corresponding v.-ppk of 1597. 58 smaller than In
this week In I.vfi, 24 smaller than in 1595 and
only 12 larger than in this week of 1594, when
restriction of credits and uull business was
most ninrlced.
Failures In the Dominion of Canada number
19. a dor-roast* Of 7 from last week, 15 frnm the
total in this week a year ago, 16 from lbtitf and
of 11 from 1895.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NFTW YORK, June 17.— R. G. Dun * Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say In to-mor
row's Issue: The passing of the war tax bill,
th* offerings of bonds and the collapae of
Lelter and cash wheat have made the week
somewhat exciting. In spite of some features
which cannot be justified, the tax bill was ap
proved as probably the best that could be ob
tained from Congress this year and gave as
surance of needed revenue for the emergency.
Its bond provision has already called out offers
for more than three times the amount desired,
and it will probably prove the most successful
loan ever Invited by the United States. A
groat victory in ihe field could hardly be more
Important, and especially in its Influence on
foreign opinion. Not less significant was the
excess oi exports over imports In May by $'16,
950.359. making a mercantile balance In favor
oi tne I nited States of $;.71.559,037 in eleiren
months of the fiscal year, while the Imports of
gold wore <102,026, J»8f!, though in no previous
ttscal year have {he net Imports of gold ex
cee.ied $:i7,4t>>,]27, which occurred in 1882.
No lens important is the official showing that
this nation has supplied to others 10,608,208
bushels of wheat ami 201,000,000 bushels of corn !
In eleven and a halt" months without checking j
receipts fri>m farmers, and sees wheat fall 2o !
cents in a week because a crop is promised j
greater than the last by I<*).iy"i,oflo bushel*. This
decline would have conn- sooner hud not Leiter
looked for larger gains, but the benefit to this I
country by tlit average advance of nearly j
cents for the crop year on wheat exported has I
been about 148,600,000, and to producers much
greater. In corn, on the other har.d, the cash |
price has declined only 1 cent, and the de
mand continues extraordinary. Western re
ceipts amounting to 4, 87:), 202 bushels, against
3.818.194 last year, and exports amounting to
5,6'J2.600 bushels, against 1,323.448 last year.
The cotton movement continues large for the j
season, although the price has advanced a six- !
teenth in spite of favorable crop prospects. '
Xhe manufacturing demand abroad Is good and
Controls the output, fin'! at this late season
America lets Liverpool muke prices. Here the
manufacturing demand is a little better,
though with a decline in prices of bleached
shirtings, but the mills have kwge stocks of
materials. There is also a stronger market for I
wool abroad, which, with Western excitement, |
makes quotations of 100 qualities by Coates i
Bros, of 1 cent higher thnn June 1, but there j
is scarcely any buying by manufacturers, who
are in doubt about the coming season nnd
have few new orders except In army lines. The
break In the price of 16-ounce clay worsted to !
Jl 20 has somewhat discouraged what promised !
to be a healthy market. Sales of wool were
made extremely narrow by the wide differ- |
ences between excited Western holders and
manufacturers, who Jiave an uncertain coming i
season to face.
Plglron is extremely dull, though Bessemer i
holds last week's advance and other grades are I
not quotably lower. No decline in consumpt
ion appears, nnd while bars are weak, with
short time the rule in Eastern mills, they ad
vanced 2Vi cents at Pltmlmrg. while Chicago re
ports heavy aeaaou contracts still coming from j
wagon, cor and other manufacturers. Heavy j
sheets are better at the Bast, but thin are not ■
better anywhere. Structural works are full for !
the summer a.id have hnj two remarkably i
good weeks at Chicago with building and .
bridge orders. Plate mills are well employed,
and at Chicago the demand for pipe is better, I
especially from the i'acilic ("nost. Shipments !
from there of rails In May included some to j
Sweden, Belgium. South Africa, Siberia and i
three other countries, while orders from Cal- J
cutta have Just been taken. The anthracite :
coal output In May exceeded the allotment by I
19.9 per cent. j
Failures Ji.r the week have been 223 in the
United Stat'-s, against 234 last year, and 20 In
Canada, against xi; last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. June 17.— The following table,
compiled by Brndstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-nine cities for the week ended
June 'A. with the percontxne iif lip raw* :>r\d
decrease, aa .jmpartd with the oorreopondinti
wtek iv.it year:
Percentage.
Inc. Deo.
New York $754,493,412 ' 21. i ."...'
Boston 105.009.449 17.6
Chicago 108.241.996 26.5
Philadelphia 71.092,382 22.6
St. Louis 27.501.055 ■ .... ....
Pittsburg ' 16.989.413 17.0 ....
Baltimore 19.7G7.844 41.5
Ban Francisco 15.522.866 15.1 ....
Cincinnati 13.210.060 2.8 ....
Kansas City 10,704.557 8.4 ....
New Orleans 6.753.376 - 7.2
Minneapolis 8.545.01S ■ 32.7 ....
Detroit 6,535.!i»5 23.1
Cleveland 7.76.V254 24.2
Louisville ' 7.016.450 12.5
Providence 5,503.000 1.4
Milwaukee 6.422.973 25.9 ....
St. Paul 4.147.802 23.4
Buffalo 3. M'ti. k ... 1.7
Omaha 6.215.340 , 85.2
Indianapolis 6.191.384 ' 5.4 ...T
Columbus, 0 3,&4.>.200 1.9
Savannah 1.660.744 11.4
Denver 2.805.202 9.0 ....
Hartford 2.411.073 16.2
Richmond 2,459.635 26.4 ....
Memphis 1.124.571 .... 21.7
Washington 2.045.530 4.3 ' ....
Peoria LSSB.SB 21.4
Rochester 1,670.700 15.1 ....
New Haven | 1.4.'.0.028 1.3
Worcester 1,513.516 12.2
Atlunta 1.516.722 ....
Salt Lake City 1.811.701 29.8
Sprlngneld. Mass... 1.316.574
Fort Worth 1,947.851 26.5 : ....
Portland, Me 1.353.868 7.2
Portland. Or 2.040.499 100.7 ....
6t. Joseph 3,534.290 IS. B ....
Los Angeles , 1,361,469 31.7 ....
Norfolk 867.281 14.0 ....
Syracuse 1.120.27S 12.
Dcs Molnes 1.252,340 . 34.3 ....
Nashville 1,086.101 29.7
Wilmington. Del... 693.102
F«4l River 772.708 13.0
Scranton 869.191 13.5
Grand Rapids...... 1,011.676 •" V 36.6 ....
Augusta, 612.883 V 14.6
Lowell .7 712.381W 8.0
Dayton, 0 729,910 - 21.0
Seattle 1.351,011 i 105 .5
Tacoma • 864,562-156.3
Spokane 508.532 36.2
Sioux City -708.004 • 11.3
New Bedford 791,875 ....
Knoxville, Term.... , 592.644 18.9
Topeka 453.777 ' 8.5 .....
Birmingham 422.996 5.5
Wichita 439.465 ..
Blnghamton 333.800 . 3.4
Lincoln 359.347 20.8
Lexington. Ky 261.664 .... 11.2
Jacksonville, Fla... ' 224,698 2.2 ....
Kalamazoo 823.280 • 21.4
Akron 259.700 .... 1.4
Bay City 262.514 . 43.9 ....
Chattanooga ....... 259.035 — —
Rockford. 111 206,!>36 ; 33.6 . ....
Canton. 0 216.000 10.2 ....
Springfield, 0 186.R60 -45.0
Fargo, N.D 203,033 62.4
Sioux Foils. S. D.. 103.296 98.0 • ......
Hastings, Neb 114,384 40.7
Fremont, Neb 81.207.' 29.5
Davenport ......... ■ 630,932 23.5
Toledo • 1.729.932 14.2
•Galveeton 4,511,500 33.0 ....
•Houston 4.953.74S 37.9
"Youngstown 252.522 . .... ....
'••Evansvllle .625.963 .... ....
••Macon 415.000 .... ....
Helena 817,642 .... ....
Totals. U. 5...... $1,269,686, 480 20.4
Totals, • outside — -.. . •
New Y0rk....... E15,193,0C6 19.4 ....
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal ..:....„.. $13,758,925 .... ....
Toronto 8.316,273 20.6 "
Winnipeg 1.799.072 32.5 | ....
Halifax 1,172.739 11.4 ....
Hamilton ........... 676,912 14.9 ....
St. John, N. B > * 674.423 6.3
Totals ............ $26.2P8,35S 8.5 ....
• Not included in totals because containing
; other Items than clearings. :■--.:• ■•
** Not included In totals - because of. no com
parison for last year.: - , . . 'jf'^H-lA,
LOCAL MARKETa
EXCHANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight A — $4 85
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Hterllng Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 17V>
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars 46 46^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— A further drop of 2V4c In Chicago
softened this market proportionately, aa wHI
and quotations are purely nominal.' The Eng
lish and French markets are both lower.
1 cr V cu eat ~ ShlPPlng "-~~ ; milling, $1 500
CALL BOARD SALES.
,J^l orn } Al Sessl — 9:16 o clock-December—
el'ooo °$i 3i£ m *' ■ 12 '. 0Ml n Sl%; 22>000> $1 - 31%:
Second ; session— Deo^hor— 4000 ctls, $1314.
$if3 c if i swo.ii°TiHf u on n^ ember 8000 ctlß>
n*n%?u!m. s.s .t B8 3^- D - ber - I*ooo otl 9 .
BARLEY— wheat, this market Is dead.
There 18 . a little local trading In Feed, but
Brewing descriptions are utterly neglected.
Feed, »1 15<S1 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
4000 l eUB r "tt 17 Beßslon 9:15 ■.• December
4000 ctls, $1 17.
Second session— No sales.
*i irl? 1 . 111^ 10 1 session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$lAI6Hl A I6H; n 4°(»o. $l 8l 8e 01 ? — December — 4000 ctls,
tl 16^; 4000, $1 lf,\.
OATS— mark»t Is flat and unchanged.
Fancy Feed, »1 37%@1 40 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 30f(tl 35; common, $1 25«1 27V Sur
jfff** 1 ! WSiSfi: n 27V4®1 31!V4; milling,
H 32V&01 J~h* per ctl.
CORN— motionless at the old quotations.
«i S^ " ™ und -rellow. $1 25@1 30; large yellow,
fl O2®@i'ol ; whlte ' n 02% ® 1 °° er ctl mlxed:
RYE— sl 30 per otl.
UUCKWHKAT— $1 75@1 S5 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
A few slight changes in Millstuffs will be ob
served.
FLOUR— Family extras. J5 50@5 60; bakers'
extras, to 2oitis 36 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 76 per 100'
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, *S 25- Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat Groats.
*4 iiO; Hominy, »3 25(53 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
S-u 2 , 5 ' T V. racked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 50;
\\ hole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats (bar
rel.;), $5 55&6 25; '- Backs, |6 6.Vg6 05; Pearl
>*r 180 lbs 1 M ' M 25> Oree " PeaS> '*
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
An Interesting game of freeze out Is now go-
Ing on between the country holders of Hay and
the city buyers. The latter have always seen
a break In prlcr-s at this time of the ear, and
are waiting for tt to come along aa usual before
buying. The former know that Hay is scarce
this season and -•■- quietly holding it until
later on. Dealers say that when the buyerß
do take hold there will probably be lively times
for a while. Meanwhile the market Is dull and
rather weak than otherwise, with a very lim
ited assortment for buyers to choose from.
Xo change In Feedstuff's.
BRAN-il6itfi7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS -$20 ;O<JT22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, £5 501J26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, *3]ff3l 50; Job
pi ng, $32ra?,2 50; Cocnanut Cake, $24©25; Cot
tonseed Meal. $2R(&30 per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50;
(racked Corn, $25.
HAY-(Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat, $1?®
22 60; Wheat and Oat, $ISW2I; Oat, ; Bar
lpy- : Compressed \vheat. $21<?J24; Oom
pressed Oat. UGaIS; Alfalfa, $12#13 50; Clover,
-i Timothy. IIMIS 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat, $17Q19; Oat, ; Barley.
—— : Island Barley. *12fi15; Alfalfa, $11 50@
STRAW- 60995c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Sales of Beans continue lnsigniflcant. . but the
crop is short this year, . and the tone of the
market is firm. . .
5 BEANS— Rayos, $2 90^3; Small Whites. $23
2 10; Large Whites, $1 95(ff2 05: Pinks. $2 80a
2 70: Reds, $2 7f>4j2 90; Blackeye, *3 254j3 40;
llutters. $1 7.V«1 90: Lima*. $2 90^3; Pea. $1 85@
2; Ued Kidneys. $2 803 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. *2 2S'ii2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $3 15@3 23: Flax." $2 23: Canary
Seed. Hi9Z%C per rt>; Alfalfa. 3<&6c; Rape, 2%Cff
2%c; Hemp, 2%(H3e: Timothy. oitfSKc. ■
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 75@2; Green, $2®
2 10 per ctl. _^___
POTATOES. ONIONS^AND VEGETABLES.
Ijos Angeles Egg Plant, 10'512'^c per lb;
Green Peppers, 8@10c; Tomatoes, Jl@l 25 per
box.
There was not much change In anything, ex
cept that Tomatoes were In heavier supply and
lower.
POTATOES— OId Burbanks, 3<v??6np per ctl;
new Potatoes. (OQMo for Early Rose, 6Org6sc
for Peerless and nOfiftSc for Burbanks In boxes.
ONIONS— New, 60tt70e per ctl for red and 85c
fill for yellow.
VEGKTABI.ES— Asparagus. $1 50ff2 00 for ex
tra large; 75ci;$l 25 per box for No. 1, 25(g75c
for small; Rhubarb, 50076 c per box; Grepn
Peas, Jltffl 50 per sack: Garden Peas, 2>£e per
lb: String Beans. 3<ij6e; Wax Beans, 4516 c;
Horse Beans. 4"'.t.'ioc per sack; Summer Squash,
75ci0$i per box; Bay Squash, $1 ."(V32; Green
Peppers, S(?T10c; Dried Peppers, Br<j7c per lb;
Dried '. >kra. 12Uc; Cabbage. GOc per ctl: Car
rots. So©6op ;>er sack; Marvsvllle Cucumbers.
75C5J1 per box: Vacaville Tomatoes, 75c®$l 25
per box; Green Corn, 12 1 /4ft2r>c per dozen;
Garlic. 4 / a,'>c per lb
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per tb in lots of 25
fbs; sliced desiccated. IMJ/I8e: granulated, raw,
13c: Onions. W>c: Carrots, old. 13c; new, ISc;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
Jsc; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POX'LTRY AND GAME.
As the spasnn advances youngr stock Is get
ting more plentiful and prices are going down
In consequence. Hen?, too, are not over firm.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lO'allc for Gob
blers and lO'Jllc for Hens; Geese, per pair. 75c
<gsl; Goslings, $I^l 25; Ducks, $3'h3 50 for old
and $3'ff.'i for young; Hens, $3^4 50; Roos
ters, young, $6Ca-7; Roosters, old. $3 50@4 90;
Fryers. $4 f.i><&<& 50; Broilers. $3 50&4 lor large,
Wfj'3 for small; Pigeons, Jl 25®1 50 per dozen
for young and $liffil 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are lower and dull. Butter and Cheese
continue weak tfc the old prices.
BUTTER— ; '
Creamery— Fancy creameries, •. 18@lS^c; . sec
onds, 17V40J8C.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, • 16>4@17c; 'common
grades. 15@16c per lt>. ■ . .-  . .
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16®
16Hc; ladle-packed, 16@16c per It); Elgin, 17
@l»c. ■ , • i . .:■ ■
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B%c; old. 7%@
8c; Cream Cheddar, lO^llc; Young - America,
9<g>loc; Eastern. 12@13e. • 4
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, ]6(g"l7c per dozen; store
Eggs, 14®15c; Eastern, • 12%@15c; • Duck Eggs,
16c. - '■ "• • ... .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherrteß continue to drag. Peaches, Plums
and Apricots are still firm and In very good de
mand. Arrivals of Figs, though small, are
rapidly increasing. ■ •■ ■ ;.
Berries show no particular change. Currants
are easier again. Oranges continue quiet.
liE'TPT'OCS FRUITS— ..■• >."*
Strawberries, $2@4- per chest for large and
$8 for small.' . •
White Cherries, 20@30c . per .box; black, 20<3
35c* Royal Annes. SO'fi'aOc; loose Cherries, I®
lV4c for white and l@U4c per lb for black, and
ivi'«3c for Royal Anne. .
Figs. 50c@$l per box.
Currants. $253 50 per chest. .
Blackberries. 40@50c per crate and $4@7 per
Plums, 60@75c per crate and 35@60c per box;
Cherry Plums, 30@40c per drawer and 40@50c
per box. ' ' '
Apricots, 60®90c per box and 75c@$l per crate
for Royals. .:•'•.
Peaches, 25@65c per box, 4O@'6sc per basket.
Gooseberries, l@2c per lb for common and 4c
for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, ■ per crate-.
Nearby Raspberries, $4®S per chest.
. Apples, 75c@$l 50 per box; new Applea. 3S(g'ROc
per small and 75cig$l per ' large box I and 20@
40c p?r basket. .-..•'
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $1 50@2 60;
Seedlings. 75c<£$l; Lemons, $l(g>l 25 for com
mon and $1 Eo®2 50 for good to choice; ' Mexican
Limes. $3 Eo@4: California Limes, in small
boxes. 40#50c; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples. $3@4 per. dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS,. ETC. ]
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. i%<s
5c for 40-50's, 4K@4%c for 50-60" s, 3%<Jf4c for
60-70' s, 3Vi@3%c for 70-80' s. 2%@3c for 80-90" s, 2^4
©2\*c for 90-100's; Peaches, 3@sc; fancy, 5H®
6o: peeled, 10(gl2V4c; Apricots, s<§6Hc for Royals
and 7&Bc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@Bc; sun-dried, 4H@sc; Black i
Figs in sacks, ■ 2<9!2V4c; Plums, 4%@4%c-- for
pitted and Ut@lMtC for .unpltted; .bleached
Plums. s@s^c: Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%<84&c for quarters and 3@5V40
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— IH@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3Hc ' for four-crown. 4V»c for Seedless
Sultanas 'i\c I for. Seedless Muscatels and $l@
1 10 (or London layers; dried . Grapes, 2V&c. .
. NUTS— Walnuts, 3®4c for hardshell, 4<g>6c for
Boftshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6(g l 7c for
softshell. BH@9c for ; paper-shell; Peanuts, . 4@
CVjc for Eastern and 4^4c for- California; Pe
cans,. 6>*@Sc;. Filberts, 9V6O>loc; Brarll Nuts,
SiJT'.tc per lb; Cocoanuts, . $4 60@G per 100. '-
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright : and 6(2>7c
for lower grades; water- extracted, SWigi
6c; light amber extracted, 4^@j»,<-c per lb
BEESWAX-24(g26c per lb.
■PROVISIONS.
The steady demand . keeps ' stocks from ac
cumulating. Prices are firm as a rule.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy. . 9V4c for light medium. 10c for light,
lie for extra' light and l2<i?i2V£c for sugar cured';
Eastern sugar-cured •* Hams, 10V4@iic; Cali
fornia Hams, 9H@'loc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl
extra Mess B«(, 111;. Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17<(( 17 60; mess, .sls; Smoked Beef, 12<312^c per
lb.
LARD— Eastern,' tierces - quoted •at 8c per lb
for compound and ■ B%c for pure; ■ pails, 9^c:
California tierces. 6%e per Tb for compound
and - *ysc for -pure; half -- barrels, ■ 734 c; 10-lb
tins, B*c; 5-lb tins, B%c.
.COTTOI.ENE — ffiercea 6%®7Hc; package*,
less than 300 lb«— 1-lb - pails, 60 in a case,' 9Hc;
3-lb pails. 20 In a case. -B%c; 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case, B%e; 10-lb palls, I In a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. T%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 8\»c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c ; half
barrels, about 110 lbs;79ic:per lb. ■*,-
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
. All descriptions remain '-, unchanged. "Wool \ls
slowly . improving, ; Hops ' are ' dea4 : and ' Hides
axe stroM ftfui La good d^guAd* . t
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the. quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10^@llc; medium, 9^@loc; light, 9(g!9^c;
Cowhides, 9©*9^c; Stags, 6%c; salted Kip. sc,
Calf, 10c: dry Hides, 16V>@17V4c ; culls and
brands, 13H@l*c; dry Kip and Veal, 16o; dry
Calf, 18@20c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins. 2*Vfr4oc
each;- Kids. • B@10c; Deerskins.- good summer,
27V4®30c; medium. 50c; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@30c each; short wool. 35<ij60c
each; medium. 70@90e; long wool, 9Hp@|l 30
each; Horsehldes, salt, $202 25 for large and
$I@2 for small: Colts. 50c; Horsehldes. dry. $2
for large and $1 for small; Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No.' 1 rendered," 3>,4@3%ic ■ per lb.
No. 2. 2V4@3c: refined. 4V4©4%«; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Full clip. Southern Mountain. 7®loc;
free Northern. S»ffl2c. Spring clip— Southerti
Mountain, 12 montns', 9@llc; San Joaquin anil
Southern, 7 months'. S@loc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; do, . defective. 10®12q;
Middle county, 13@16c: Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15@17c: Nevada 13^15c.
. HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@>l2%c per lb. .
, GENERAL MERCHANDISE. .
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July, ' 6@
5M.c; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln. $4 S5.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, £ r Wallsend,
t" 50; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 In
SHcks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gato,
IT CO; Coke, |12 per ton In bulk and $11 in
sacks.
■RlCE— Chinese mixed. $4 4."<{?4 50 per ctl; No.
1, $s!fis l*.; extra No. 1. $5 30@3 86; Hawaiian,
$C@G 12V4; Japan, $5 So@6 40; Louisiana. $3 50®
6 50.
ST.'OAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6V-c; Dry
Granulated, 6%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c; Mag
nolia A, 5V4c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 6Hc;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per
tt>; half-barrels V4c more . than . barrels, and
boxes V4c more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The situation remains unchanged. Hogs and
Mutton are firm and Beef Is steady.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V4c: second quality,
6%c; third quality, 4(&"3e per IT>.
VEAL— Large.' 4®r.c; small, 6<g7c per IT).
MUTTON— Wethers, 7M..@Sc; Ewes, 7@7>4c per
It). ■ *» • > : ,-;;:•■
LAMB— B^B%c per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 4i4«4=ic for large, s@s>4c
for medium and 4@4%c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3^ic; dressed Hogs, 6%@Sc.
RECEIPTS O? PRODUCE.
For Friday, June 17.
Flour, qr sks ... 14,652 Straw, tons 15
Wheat, ctls 330 j Wool, bales IS7
Barley, ctls "43S l Lime, bbls " 81
Butter, ctls . 213|Eggs. doz 14.550
Cheese, ctls 17 Sugar, bags 75
Tallow, ctls ..... 10 Sugar, bbls 15
Potatoes, sks ... 2,516 Wine, gals 13.500
Onions, skß 990 Brandy, gals 1,200
Bran, sks 50 Hides, no , 69
Middlings, sks .. 641 Leather, rolls ... 26
Hay, tons 2591
• OREGON. ■ -
Flour, qr sks ... 6f.8 1 Potatoes, sks ... 110
Oats, ctls 361!
UTAH.
Hay, tons 10 i
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1,600
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
There Is little change In Butter, Eggß and
Cheese.
Poultry and Meats sell at last week's prices.
Figs are now In market. Other fruits are In
fair supply and not materially changed.
Vegetables are about the Fame as la.st week,
though several kinds are rather cheaper.
Following Is The Coil's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel } (312 00 1 Castle Gate.J9 60®
Wellington . @10 00 Southfield
New Welling- I Wellington @ 950
ton .. <g-1000;Coos 8ay...... @7 00
Seattle 8 00® 1
Dairy Produce, etc.— ..'."•
Butter, fancy, per Common Egg5....15@17
square .. 401?— Ranch Eggs per
Do. per roll 35«j— ( doz ' — <S2O
Do, good 30@35 Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Ca1........10#12 lb I2SIS
Cheese, ■ Eastern.. .ls(g2o Do, extracted... 8(510
Cheese, Swiss 20<g30
Meats, per Ib —
Bacon 12<7?17 Pork, fresh .12(7?15
Beef, choice IMJIB Pork, salt 10<H>12
Do, good geiO Pork Chops UOIE
Corned Beef Srg-lO Round Steak 10®—
Ham, Cal 12H@U Sirloin Steak.... 12V4®—
Do, Eastern — @15 Porterhouse. d0...17«J20
Lar.i : Smoked Beef — <gls
Mutton — #10i Pork Sausages....— <§2o
Spring Lamb 12@— |V*eal .12015
Poultry and Game— "
Hens, each.... 60@- 65;rurkpys. Pr Ib ■ 15^ —
Young Roost- 'Ducks, each... 4'"' f 7;
ers, each 7G@l 00 ' Geese, each 1 00(3! 150
Old Roosters. ■ -:■ • Pigeons, pair.. 26@ .50
••each ,-..'...... 40® ' 50 Rabbits,-. pair..——® 40
Fryers, each... 6O'<| 75 Hare, each — 20
Broilers, each. ' 40@ ' B0 ■■
Fruits and Nuts —
Apricots, per 1b... 4® 6 Limes, doz .'...'.. .10*512 i
Almonds. It) 12<515 Oranges, d0z...... 20^4" .
Apples.. lb 6@ 8 Peaches, per ITj.. ha, 8
Blackberries, per Plums, per 1b..... 6'q" 8 j
drawer 30^")0 Raspberries, per
Bananas, d0z..... ISO3O drawer 30^50
Currants, pr b0x..35<§46 nalslns. 1b... s®lo
Cherries, .per 1b... 4@ 6 Strawberries, per ■:
Figs, pf-r It) 25@35 drawer 25®50
Gooseberries, 1t)... 3® 6 Walnuts, Ib. 15@—
Lemons/-, doz 20@25
• Vegetables — .
Asparagus, 1b..... 4®10 ! Lettuce, doz ...;.. 15^25 ■
Artichokes, d0z. . 15'g25 1 Dried Okra, Ib — (&20
Beets, doz 12'?|lDiOnions, It> 4® 5
Beans, white, Ib.. 4@ 5 Peppers, green 15§20
'Colored, Ib 4@ 5 Potatoes, tb ■. 2® 3
• Lima, Ib Sf(i 6 Parsnips, doz 15#20
Cabbage, each s<glO Rhubarb, 1b.:..... 4@ 5
Cauliflowers, each 6@lo Radishes, dz brhs. 10^12
Celery, bunch Sr<i— iSage. Ib.: ; 25i935
Cress, doz bch5...20#25 String Beans. n>..10@15
Cucumliers, dz lD'glO j Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, per rb.lsCg"2o j par 1b..: 5@ 6
3reen Corn, dz. . 20@40 Thyme, It) 20<&30
OreenPeas, Ib 3® s iTurnips,i Turnips, doz 15<if20
Lentils, 1b..; 6@ Tomatoes, Ib g@lo
Fish, per —
Barracuda '. B@lo shrlmps ....... B@io
Carp " 5@ 8 Shad 6^ 8
Codfish .•. B<glO Sea . Bass;. — f^lO
Flounders 6®> S Smelts ...... .. 10*512
Herring '....: '. — fa — Soles .;..'. a\Q
Halibut 10#12 Skates, each s®lo
Klngflsh — Tomcod- .......... 10'q —
Mackerel 12cg — Clams, gal — 'jfr.o
Do, Horse.......— <§^ Do, hardshell, 100.40<a50
Perch 10<?N- Crabs, each lOiRIS
Pompano 60@75 Do. softshell, d0z.251v33
Rockflsh 12@15 Mussels, qt 104J12
Salmon, smoked.. 2o®— ; Oysters, Cal, 100.. 40#—
Salmon, fresh 10#12 Do. Eastern, d0z..25@40
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
A Shranz, Denver J S Chllds, N V
J Glbbs. Mk-h H Z Osborne, L Ang
H H Henshaw, Cal J N Llpman, Or
V Mev^oto, Tapan Mrs J N Llpman, Or
V Amarl, Japan T R Guild, N J
H M Earl, Pa Mrs W B Guild. N J
A W Perry, USA A Dick, B C
W Neraoher, Ohio P Thornton, Edlnburg
O J Steedman, Angels E S Morlne. Irvington
E D Clayton, San Jose Mrs Morine, Irvington
Mrs II F Cook, Chgo iE Travis. Ohio
Miss M H Cook, Chgo IF D Newberry Pa
H C Atkins. Ind J G Drukker N V
J Lyons. NY D F Sellers, USA
A Dolgoff. Los Ang H Llndley, I^oa Ang
EG Snow, NY F W Slssons. Arlx
Mrs E G Snow. NY C Sweeney. Spokane
A Longinl, Chgo I Mrs Sweeney, Spokane
GRAND HOTEL.
J Montaphlre&w. Cal T Woodward & w Cal
J H Moss, S Mateo W D Conrad. US A
Dr Boucher, Conn J Albert, USA
S Surgenheimer. Wash E Christy Auburn
Mrs Galbraith, L Ang G Wallace & w. L Ang
Mrs Mattlson. L Ang C A Foster, Lowell
J F Condon, Nevada Mrs J Smith. S Jose
Miss C. F. Smith. Neb H W Mapee Cal
J Well. Sacto T Phelps. L Ang
G McConnell. Holllster F Ransom. Red Bluff
F M Campbell. Oakld H Dungberg. Carson
Major Otey, Oakland F F Smith. Sacto
E D Werden, L Ang F Chamberlain. Cal
Mrs Browning, S Joee C Rutter. Washington
A M Mixes. L Ang G Starr. Fresno
F Kraus. St Louis D Donohoe Jr S Raf
C E Frlckham, Chlco E O'Nell & w Cal
J C Flynn. Jersey City Mrs Mclntoeh. Toronto
C Erickson. Monterey Miss Kenwick, Tornto
L Slusser, Mt Olivet W B Nutter. Stockton
M Dookery. St Helena ij S Mills Cal
A Hopklnson, Stockton I G R Cobb, Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Jameson &w, Cal I McCarthy. Fla
B Jordan, Cal R N Terry. Paris
C L Henderson, Mich B Hardenbush, Stocktn
?? r r, C .? Yrf>ka R N Stanton. Spokane
S Rothohllds, Ohio C N Carew. Melbourne
M Wolf, New York H Rucker. Topeka
A Butler, Byron Spgs W B Stone, Angels
Mrs J E Pouch, 111 J C Qwynn. England
H Levy, New York R T Davidson, La
C M Huntfr & w. Cal C N White, La
C H Davis, New York R C Sexton. Butte
J M Lichstensteln.Colol.T W Walnwrlght Mcx
W A Hupsey. Ohio Ij N Lackye, Chlcogo
J Josephs. Portland !R n Barton. Phlla
G Mc.Naughton. 11l N T Thomlson. Boston
J Herbst, New lork Iprof H G Cov^e. N V
NKW WESTERN HOTEL."
C Silver. Sacto H T Jones. N V
J F Davenport, NY G M Stone, Sacto
D Porter. Fresno T B Myrtle, Chicago
J Key. S Joee R T Smith. S Jose
J C Fotterell, Chicago G Brown Cal
C R Freeman. Sacto F Cawley, Stockton
M P Holland. Fresno G Summers, S Crui
C Wagner, Weavervl J F Davis. Oakdale
J Keswick. Madera G C Howell, Sonora
C F Smiley. Jackson R Peters, Colfax
A T Haslett, Petaluma
The business like congregation of a
church at Hanford, Cal., have entered in
to an agreement with their pastor where
by he will he equipped for a two-year so
journ In the Klondike, on condition that
if he make a rich strike he shall pay off
the church debt.
The Ne\y Zealand Government Is about
to Issue 'new postage and revenue stamps;
bearing a series of beautiful designs In
tended to represent -^ some • of ' the moat
striking landscapes in the colony, as well
v as some, of the birds and^egetatloas -_ L . \
TR& CJLIX CAMNDAIL
June, 1898.
Wo
1
Sa.
4
11
Moon* PhaaatL
<Csv *'ull Moon.
Vi/ ' June 4.
is
IT
16
33
J3_
23
U. /•' Jnne ia
jiy, Kew Moon.
\ts June 18.
<t)
s
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
JT"NE— IB9S.
Saturday, June 18.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun. sets 7:34
! Moon rises 4:01 a. m.
O'lTtme ITimel Time, jTime]
i = , Feet. i iFeet. Feet.; !Feet.
j »|ti W H \V| L VV H W|
18 5:111 —0.4 12:.13 ; i.&\ 1:23J 3.-T 10:2s! 5.T
IS | 5:40 —0.6 1:10 4.4 5:0.'). 3.4; 11.03 5.5
20! 6:17 —0.7 1:461 4.4 5:47j 3.4! 11:3"J h.»
21, 6:50, —0.6 2:17' 4.5 6:31; 3.3|
|H W L W H W| ,L W
22, 0:18 5.1 7:23 —0.3 2:45| 4.6, 7.24 3.1
23! 0:59 4.9 7:56, 0.0 3:11 4.7j 8:19 3.1
241 1:45 4.5 8:31 0.3 3:4j 4.8; 9:21| 2.8
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tli*
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tid«
and the last or right hand column gives th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
given are additions to the soundings on th«
united States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is nubtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane o£
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer —
Steamer — From. I Due.
>regon : Portland I June 18
anta Kosa San Diego (June 18
;ris>tol 'Comox June 18
'ewport [Panama June 18
Forth Fork tHumbnldt (June 19
ltanla jNanaimo June 13
90s Bay Newport June2o
hitkat Eel River JuneW
Implre Coos Bay June 20
'iieen Victoria & Puget Sound June 21
olumbla Portland !June2l
Ity of Puebla .'Victoria & Puget SoundjJune2l
'ingrhow j Departure Bay June 21
omona San Diego jJune 22
an Mateo Comox I June 23
rcata (Coos Bay I June 23
resoent City. . 'Crescent City |June 23
rlxaba Humboldt j June 23
tateCallfornla Portland ; June 24
ulton jOregon Ports (June 2*
[omer ! Newport June 21
eru China and Japan IJune2-4
From.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. | Destination. | Sails. Pier.
Arcata Coos Bay I June 18, 10 am Pier 13
Homer '| Newport June 18. y ami Pier H
Curacao Mexico I June IS. 10 am! Pier 11
Belßlc China & Japan! June IS. 1 pm!PM3S
Humboldt ..'Alaska June 18. 4 pm Pier 3
Dlrigo St. Michael. ..; June IS. 4 pm.Pier 2
Orizaba Humboldt |June 19, 10 ami Pier 9
Oregon iPortland I June 20, 10 am Pier 12
Umatllla ....Vic & Pgt Sd. June 20. 10 am Pier 9
i Santa Rosa San Diego | June 20, 11 ami Pier H
; San Juan. ...Panama I June 20. 12 mjPMSS
1 Coos Bay... (Newport [June 22. 9 am' Pier 11
I Chllkat jHumboldt [June 22. 9am Pier 13
I North Fork. Humboldt ...A June 23, 9 am ] Pier 2
' Columbia ..iPortland June 23. 10 am Pier 13
I Pomona | San Diego ]jun«> 24. 11 am Pier H
i Fulton lOregon Ports. iJune 25, 10 ami Pier 8
Queen ! Vie & Pgt Sd. 'June 2:,, 10 am Pier 9
State of Call Portland jjune 26. 10 am; Pier U
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In Pan Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and Fall-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, clangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to ocean commerce. »
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic stetia! recp'ved *>a<-h day from
the t'nlted States Naval Observatory at Mar«
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, ia
published the same day by the afternoon paper*
and by the rn^rnin? papers the following day.
C P. WELCH. Ensign. U. S. N.. In charge.
TIMEBALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, t\ 8. X., Mer
chants'" Exchange, San Francisco, Jun«
17, 1898.
The timeball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at noon of th«
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign, U. S. N., In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. June 17.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. ■" hours from Eu
reka. .
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, hours from Vio»
torla and Puget. Sound ports. ..,.;
Stmr Mackinaw Littlefleld, 83 hours from
Tacoma. Oakland direct.
Br shin Western Monarch. Evans, 27 days frm
Honolulu.
Schr Winchester, Hubs, 21 days from Una*
laska.
CLEARED.
:'.-,^ ;•/'->■ '■■^■J. ■■ Friday, June 17.
Austrian* stmr Mikulicleh, : Nanalmol ,
John RoJBkf eld's Sons.
Schr Aloha, Dabel, Honolulu; Williams, Dl-.
mond & Co.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Schr Gen Banning Thomas, Mazatlan; Win
Olsen.
SAILED.
Friday, June 17.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria.
Stmr Gipsy, Olsen, Santa Cruzz.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, Eureka, with barg*.
In tow.
Austrian stmr Burma, Mlkullclch, Nanaimow ■
Tug- Monarch. Thonnesen; Astoria.
Schr Gem, Nelson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Sequoia, Thwing. Fort Bragg.
Schr Salvator, Jensen, Port Gamble.
Schr Aloha, Dabel. Honolulu.
-, " TELEGRAPHIC.
. POINT LOBOS, June 17.— 10 p. m.— Weathaifc .
tHJck; wind, SW; velocity, 12 miles. j
CHARTERS. ! *
C The Transit loads mdse for Honolulu; Roder»i
lck Dhu, mdse for Hllo.
The Helenshurgh and Lauriston load' wheatl,
at Portland for Europe, 37s 6d; Penryn Castl<V«
same voyage, 3Ss 9d. - ■*
MEMORANDUM.
Per schr Winchester — On May 12 spoke th«
bktn Fremont, schr Mary and Ida and schp
Anna on the Slome banks. All well on board,
but • fish scarce. ........
" • SPOKEN. •-
June 13— Lat 49 N, long 5 W, Br ship Eurasia,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
. DOMESTIC PORTS.
' COOS Arrived June 17— Schr Gotama, .
hence June 11. ■ . . - -
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 17— Bark Hes
per, from Port Townsend. w->w -> "-' '•• . ■
Sailed June 17— Schr. Meteor, for - San Pedro.
TATOOSH— Passed June 17— Schr Mildred, fm
Seattle, for St Michael.
• ALBlON— Sailed June 17— Stmr • Cleone, for
San Francisco. > :■ --
ASTORIA— SaiIed June 17— ship Port Lo
gan, for Queenstown: stmr Oregon, for San
Francisco; schr Gen McPherson, for St Mich
ael. • > " -* '
Arrived June 17— Ft bark Les Adelphes, from
Freemantle. v. l . • .
VENTURA— SaiIed June 17— Stmr G Looniis.
for San Francisco. ■ - v ■ : ■
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived June 17— Schr Rob
ert Lewers, from Port Blakeley. -
UMPQUA— SaiIed June 13 — Schr Louise, for
EUREKA— Arrived June Schr Bertha Dol
beer from Newport. i
EUREKA— June 17— Stmr Chilkat, ha
POINT, ARENA— Arrived June 17— Stmr
White^boro.
TATOOSH— Passed June 17— Br ship Holyrood
from Chemalnus. for Adelaide; Br stmr Wel
lington, hence June 14, for Nanalmo. ; ■
EVERETT— SaiIed June 17— Schr Laura May,
for San Francisco. .. ' '
VENTURA — Arrived June 17— Stmr Georga
Loomis, hence June 18.
EUREKA— Arrived June 17— Schr Alice, fna
San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived June 17— Stmr Empire,
hence June 15.
TACOMA— June 17— Stmr Victoria, for
Hongkong.
ROCKPORT— June 17— Stmr Alcatras
hence June 16.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June . 15— Schr
Ruby A Cousins, from Port Los Angeles.
Sailed June 16— Schr Webtoot, for San Fran
cisco; »chr C T Hill, for Ventura. June 17—
Schr Jennie Stella, for Guaymas
POINT ARENA— June Stmr Alca
zar, for Port Los Aneeles.
FOREIGN PORTS.
'■ ADELAIDE — Arrived prior to June 17—
bark Helen Denny, hence April 13. - .■
lii!lo F ; N Hlvre' NN ~ Sailed June 17-Br ship Ben
FALMOUTH-Salled June 17-Fr bark Mar
guerite Mollnos, for Havre.
t DUNGENESS— Passed. June 16-Br ship Cel
ticburn, hence Jan 31. for Hull — - V-V ' CI
DUNKIRK— June 16— Br bark Inver
lyon, henoe Jan. 8. ■ : ■ . . ...
8T VINCENT-Arrtved Jun« 15-Br atmr PurU
.tan., torn Oregon. ..-., 'ALMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WORKING ON
A NEW PLAN
State Delegates From
Assembly Districts.
UPSETS ALL CALCULATIONS
NO SUMMER VACATIONS FOR AN
ARMY OF OFFICE-SEEKERS.
Candidates for Governor Cannot Now
Hope for a Solid Delega
tion by the Unit
System.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 17.
Somehow or other Alameda County poli- '
ticians have become impressed with the
Idea that the Republican State Central
Committee will call for the election of
delegates to the State Convention from J
Assembly districts. This has somewhat
upset local, plans, and whether or not the
Information be true, it is being acted
upon. Coming at this time It will help to
make interesting the period that must
elapse between the primaries, because
candidates and managers will have to
I'Uild their fences, lay their wires and
perfect their plans for the new conditions.
For several montns it has been thought
that it would be left to the discretion of
the county central committee whether or
not to authorize a county convention to
elect State delegates. As the county com
niittee in such an event would call for
delegates from wards and townships,
plans were laid to that end. Now that
the Assembly district plan is considered
as certain to be used, it haa sp:u up ail
tne wards and townships and presented a
new problem upon which to calculate.
Dr. Pardee says, "1 want a solid delega
tion from this county. It 1 get a majority
of the delegates 1 want them all. if Mr.
Davis gets a majority he should have
them all and I win work for his nomina
tion. "That is how 1 feel."
Mr. Davis say 8, "No matter what the :
State committee authorizes, we shall be
pleased to accept and obey. It has long
been our habit to follow the instructions
of recognized Republican authority, and
we shall not depart from our precedent.
"Whether the delegates com« from wards
or townships or trom Assembly districts
ye are satisfied."
Although the warm weather is making
official routine life less pleasant than whe:i
it is cool, and although every inducement
is being offered to camp away from the
scenes of political craze, still It is not
likely that many politicians will take a
vacation this summer.
They cannot afford to, because there Is
a fight for every office and the man who
Is not on the scene considers he is out of
the fight. The breaking up of the ward
and township plan has largely complicat
ed the campaigns of county candidates.
The Assembly districts so divide the
■wards and townships that opposing inter
ests are found in every one of them, and
every candidate for county office is anx
ious to be certain that his support of a
candidate for Governor from his own dis
trict will be such that in the county fight
which succeeds the State nomination he
•will be able to command in return the
support of the successful gubernatorial
candidates.
For ev< ry office there are several can.li
dates, and although it is a recognized fact
"that one or more places on the ticket
must go away from ihe bay, tbere seems
to be no provision being made for the in
terior of the county. Oakland has some
body for every office. Alameda has can
didates for sheriff and tax collector.
Berkeley ha? two candidates for recorder,
while every wnship has a choice for
£üblic administrator. Arthur FHdler of
Livermore wants to be treasurer, and
Mi. Bessie Wood will get into the fight
for Coroner. Dr. Baldwin, the Incumbent,
does not want to succeed himself, and Dr.
Mehrmann, Dr. Taylor and Dr. Bradley
would each like to be his successor. '
There are no judges to be elected this
year, but for district attorney there are
five candidates so far, and probably more
to follow. As Mr. Soook retires the field
is open..
J. P. Garllck, superintendent of schools,
has no desire to succeed himself, and P
M. Fisher, H. W. Lynch of Washington,
and George Frick of Lorin would like to
succeed him. At present the offices of
sheriff and treasurer are filled by Popu
lists, and as there is not the least chanc<«
of their succeeding themselves, Republi
cans are appearing from all directions.
Occasionally mention is made of Demo
crats. Populists and Fusionists, but so
many of the last-named have come Into
the Republican camp, while the old De
mocracy Is fighting within itself, that the
prospect is more than ever encouraging
lot Republicans.
To Investigat a Sugar Beet Pest.
BERKELEY, June 17. — Sugar-beet
A MUCH INFLATED
PRINTING BILL
OVERCHARGE OF $1000 ON THE
DELINQUENT TAX LIST.
C. E. Newman Finds Pages Rat
at $24 When They Should Have
Been Bated at $8 24.
There Is likely to be trouble over the
bill for the printing of the delinquent tax
Hat. It was submitted to the board and
■was referred to C. E. Newman for veri
fication. His report was made to the
Finance Committee yesterday, and In It
he said he had found an overcharge of
$1009 66, reducing the bill from $3495 14 to
$2485 38. ■ ;:" ,
In explanation the expert stated that the
contractor had charged for notes and de
scriptions 7 cents a line, the same as he
charged for a name, while the law dis
tinctly says he may charge only so much
as the type makes in thousands of ems
In the type generally used in the publica
tion, which in this case Is agate. At tht.
rate of 7 cents a line this brings up the
cost of a page to about $24. while at tho
rate by the thousand ems the page would
coet <yn\y $8 24. He accordingly rectified
the account throughout and presented It
to the Finance Committee. The matter
was laid over until the next meeting in
order to give the proprietors of the Jour
nal of Commerce, who had the contract,
a chance to expl*in their inflated bill.
Much of the time of the committee was
taken up in the investigation of the re
counts of Alfred Fuhrman, collector of
delinquent taxes. It was charged that
Fuhrman had collected as his commission
40 per cent of his total collections, while
the law allowed him but 25 per cent. He
presented to the committee all his bills,
and showed that they had been verified
by Cyril Williams, the expert of the
Finance Committee. Upon the showing
of the bills and the verifications of the
expert, the case was allowed to drop.
ISAKSEN STILL FREE.
Warrant Sworn Out for His Arrest
on the Charge of Felony
Embezzlement.
The police have not as yet found any
definite trace of Claus lHakeen, the de
faulting confidential «lerk of the Pacific
Rolling Mill Company, but they are in
clined to believe as stated in The Call
yesterday that he fled in the direction of
Rait Lake City.
Yesterday Harold Steele, secretary of
the company, swore to a complaint in
Judge Joachimsen's court charging Jsak
»en with felony embezzlement. The
amount alleged to have been embezzled
1b $619 K5 on April 29 last. Secretary
Steele said fhat it was not yet definitely
powers in the neighborhood of Salinas
have reported the appearance of a pest
winch threatens to work havoc with the
* rops in that distnet. Specimens
wero received at the college of agriculture
of the University of California to-day. It
is In the form of a small white maggot,
which works its way between the mem
branes of the leaf, leaving a large brown
spot to mark its presence. Its effect
upon the plain is very destructive, and
farmers fear that its spread may provo
a serious setback to the sugar-beet in
dustry. The pest is to be investigated
in the laboratories of the college of agri
culture and a series of experiments per
formed to determine tho best means of
eradicating it.
INDORSED MRS. REQUA'S WORK
Red Cross Workers Prepare for
Greater Fields — Chorus Con
cert Benefit.
OAKLAND, June 17.— The Red Cross So
ciety paf.s-->d a resolution of appreciation
and indorsement of the work of Mrs. I.
L. Requa, In which they said: "We de
sire to put ourselves upon record as in
full sympathy with Mrs. Requa and her
assistants in their noble work at the ferry,
extending hospitality to the incoming and
outgoing troops. We trust that the resi
j dents of Oakland will continue their gen
' erous aid to the Red Cross hospitality
i committee at the ferry."
A promotion committee was appointed
■to popularize the society's work. The
i committee consists of: First Ward, Miss
Norton; Second Ward, Mrs. Charles E.
Cotton and Mrs. E. J. Cotton; Fourth
' Ward, Mrs. Scupham; Fifth Ward. Mrs.
W. H. Friend- Sixth Ward, Mrs. Bendel;
Seventh Ward. Mrs. McGrew; Fruitvale,
Mrs. Henry Wetherbee.
The 'P7 convention chorus, consisting of
the Christian Endeavorers who sang at
the international convention last year.
held their last rehearsal to-night
prior to their dress rehearsal in the
theater with the orchestra Monday night.
The concert will be given Tuesday even-
Ing at the Macdonough Theater with 300
i voices and fifty instruments.
WILL OPPOSE THE
PETITION FOR POOLS
EMERYVILLE TRUSTEES TO ACT
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT.
The Jockey Club Representative Says
There Is No Chance for the
Permission to Be Granted.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9f>B Broadway, June 17.
Next Monday evening the Emeryville
Trustees will consider a petition from an
Oakland saloon-keeper for permission to
conduct poolrooms nnd make books on
Eastern races. Emeryville is the only
place in Alameda County where there is
any hopo of conducting poolrooms, and
until Monday it will not be known how
great Is the foundation for the hope.
There is much oppositiou to the scheme
and a counter petition will be presented
at the meeting praying that poolrooms be
forbidden, as they would attract a dis
reputable element. Mr. Lissak, who rep
resents Thomas Williams Jr.. at present
in Japan, said to-day that the California
Jockey Club was very much opposed to
licensing bookmakers on Eastern races.
"After we have made an investment of
$300,0«>." eaid Mr. Lissak. "we will be apt
to protect our own interests. It is ab
surd to suppose that persons who might
put up a shed and sell pools on Eastern
r.n es should be permitted to come in and
Interfere with their business. If we want
ed to kill it we could run pool-selling con
stantly, but we have our regular season
and pools are sold only on the events
which take place on our own track. It
is easy to petition the Trustees but it will
stand no show of being passed."
WAS ENGAGED TO HAL SET.
Mrs. Eva Harrison Intended to
Many Him When She Secured
a Divorce.
OAKLAND. June 17.— The most import
ant part of the trial of Stacey Rogers,
for the shooting of C. E. Halsey, to-day,
in feminine eyes, was the admission of
Mrs. Eva Harrison, over whom it is al
leged Halsey and Rogers were jealous,
that she was engaged to Halsey and they
were to be married as soon as she should
secure a divorce. This was brought out
on redirect examination this forenoon.
She testified that she had known Hal
sey three years and Rogers two years.
She was holding her baby in the sitting
room talking to Halsey when Rogers
called. She followed Halsey to the door
when she heard the shot. She did not see
nor hear anything that transpired at the
front door.
After the examination of the witness
from whom Rogers borrowed the revolver
with which he shot Halsey, the case was
continued until Tuesday morning.
Republican Club Organized.
ALAMEDA, June 17.— A Republican club
has been organized in West Alameda with
the following officers; President. L. H.
Transue; vice-president. Pan Hicks- sec
retary, W. Lenz; executive committee,
L.— feCTTZTTT B. Xeader and G. Britt.
known what the full extent of the defal
cation was. but he thought it would be
In the neighborhood of $4000, including the
J2IOO obtained by leaksen last Tuesday
from the Southern Pacific Company.
THREATENED WITH A CANE.
Ferdinand Smith, Money Broker,
Wanted for Disturbing the
Peace.
D. C. Mackay, a mining man, who has
an office at 408 California street, swore to
a complaint in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday for the arrest of Ferdinand
Smith, a money broker at 316 Montgom
ery street, charging him with disturbing i
the peace.
Mackay said that Smith had for some !
time been making life a burden to him j
by accosting him every time he met him !
on the street and demanding the return
of some money that Smith alleged he ;
gave Mackay's «<in. Thursday Smith met
him on Montgomery street and, waving a i
cane, threateningly declared that he j
would knock his head off.
Mackay asserts that the money In ques- .
tlon was not obtained from Smith by hie
■on, but by a real estate agent.
A "Fake" Soldier.
James Gannong, a stout, able-bodied
young man, was arrested yesterday by
Sergeant Perrln and posse at Camp Mer
ritt on a charge of varrancy. Gannong
rented a room about '!:ree weeks ago in
a house near the camp. He left yester
day morning without iiuying his rent and
the police were notified. Gannong was
attired in the garb of a soldier and when
arrested he said he belonged to the Wy
oming battalion. Ho was taken before
the commanding officer, who said he was
a fraud. He was promptly booked for
vagrancy.
Bit His Sister-in-Law.
Basllio Santalasei, a fruit dealer on
Fifth Btreet, near Folsom, became vio
lently Insane yesterday afternoon . and
when his sister-in-law, Mrs. Mary Gian
netto, whp had been nursing him. tried
to restrain him he got two of the fingers
of her left hand into his mouth and bit
them to the bone. He was taken to the
insane ward in the Receiving Hospital,
and Mrs. Giannetto had her fingers
dreesed at the hospital.
Bobbed a Soldier.
Joseph Oswald, a member of Company
B, Idaho regiment, swore to a complaint
In Judge Mogan's court yesterday for the
arrest of "Jane Doe" on a charge of petty
larceny He said he was in the Parker
House on Market street Monday night
when the woman stole $30 from him and
left him penniless.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mary Edgerton has applied for a divorce
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898.
DENIED THE
HALL STEPS
J. Aubrey Jones Wants
to Talk of Bryan.
ADVISED TO HIRE A HALL
CHIEF FLETCHER REFUSES TO
GIVE PERMISSION.
Mayor Thomas Says the People Have
Passed on Bryan ana the
War SpeaKs for
Itself.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 17.
John Aubrey Jones, a well-known real
estate dealer, who has figured in several
political campaigns, gave notice a few
days ago that he would lecture on Satur
day evening from the City Hall steps on
"William J. Bryan and the War." It Is
necessary' to secure a permit from the
Mayor and Chief of Police before such
lectures can be given, and Mr. Jones can
not procure the consent of either.
Mayor Thomas was first asked for the
permit, but he referred Jones to Chief
Fletcher. How the Chief received Mr.
Jones is told in a letter written to the
Mayor by Mr. Jones and which he says:
"Officer Fletcher peremptorily refused to
grant my request, saying with an air of
disgusting pomposity, 'No, sir; I (with
emphasis on the pronoun) am opposed to
your speaking or any one else speaking
from the City Hall steps or on the street
anywhere. and while I am in authority
will prevent it." "
Mr. Jones asserts that this is an abridg
ment of his rights and declares that the
Chief of Police has exceeded his author-
ity.
Mayor Thomas has sent Mr. Jones the
following letter:
MAYOR'S OFFICK.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 17. ISSB.
Mr. John Aubrey Jones— My Dear Pir:
In reply to your open letter of the 15th
inst.. 1 beg leave to state that In my
discretion your request must be denied,
and I suggest that, If you desire to de
liver an address on the subject stated,
you hire a hall.
Your subject Is of such magnitude
that 1 would suggest a division of it
and that you break It in sections. The
first section has been pretty thoroughly
treated upon in the past and a general
expression of the people given. The
•econd section, the war, is now being
considered, and it seems there is little
room for discussion upon that subject.
and such as Is required will be par
ticipated in by our army ar.d navy to
the entire ?atisractlon of the people.
Yours respectfully,
W. R. THOMAS. Mayor.
Fourth of July Committees.
OAKLAND, June 17.— The Fourth of
July executive committee, consisting of
Mayor Thomas. Fred Sinclair, F. M. Far
well, Theodore Gier, J. F. W. Sohst, John
F Towle. Frank K. Mott, William H.
Friend and A. H. Breed, has elected Su
pervisor John Mitchell chairman and
Cralgta Sharp and Webb N. Pearce secre
taries. The following are the working
committees:
Parada and music— O. B. Daniels. W. R.
Thomae. Frank M Mott, F. M. Farwell
Finum-e— Th««r Oler, John A. Brltton, Will
iam H. Friend.
Decorating— A. H. Breed, J. F. W. Sohst,
John F. Towle
Entertainment— P. M. Fisher, E. A. Heron,
Miss Mollle Connors.
Press. ).r!ntlng nr.d advertising— Fred Sin
clair. Webb N. Pearce. Cralßie Sharp.
Fireworks— J. S. Wixson, J. F. \V. Sohst,
Sol Kahn.
Recer ti'.ri— G. W. Arper. John A. Britton. K.
A. Hughson.
Fusion Is Destructive,
OAKLAND, June 17.— A. Bretz. editor of j
the Industry, and a middle-of-the-road |
Populist, secured the passage of a set of
resolutions last evening by the Forty
eighth Assembly District Populist Club.
The club was organized with a large
membership, with H. D. Hougham. presi
dent; A. M. Stoddard, vice-president, and j
D. R. Ford, secretary and treasurer. The j
resolution declared "it not only inexpedi
ent but destructive, both to our organi
zation and our principles, to fuse, co
operate or in any way associate with ;
either of the two old parties."
Wants to Go to an Asylum.
OAKLAND. June 17.— Robert Reed, ar
rested for tapping a till at Merkle Bros,
bakery on Telegraph avenue, appeared in
the Police Court this morning and made
a piteous plea to be sent to the insane
asylum instead of to prison. He said if
sr-nt to the asylum he could be cured of
the morphine habit. This he believed was
sapping his vitality. He denied that he
had committed the crime or any knowl
edge of it. He was caught with the miss
from her husband, Walter Edgertrtn. As
a cause of action the plaintiff alleges that
her husband has been convicted of a
felony. Bertram A. Thomas has sued
May Thomas for a divorce, alleging in
fidelity as a cause of complaint. Suits
for divorce on the ground of failure to
support were filed by Hannah Krug
against Charles X. Krug, ar.d Mary Hill
gen against Herman A. Hillgen.
DIVING AND SWIMMING.
Natatorial Sport Among the Soldiers
at Sutro Baths.
A flrst-class aquatic sport bill of fare
has been programmed by the Sutro Baths
managers for Sunday afternoon. The fol
lowing entries have been received from
military companies: :•.;;,";
tfl-yard dash, lowa Volunteers, first heat—
E. C. Bate*. G. Hanson, Company H; W.
George, Company A; It. Gllmore, H. F. Sapp,
Company E; H. Dutton, G. Klssiek, Company
F; O. H. Vanderwort, B. Petty, Company C.
60-yard dash, lowa Volunteers, second heat—
W. Dally, Company L,; F. Ickls, L. Holiday.
Company G; G. Jones, W. Mulholand, Company
T; G. H. Pltmann, Company D; w. Jeffries,
R. Gassner, . Company M.
75-yard daeh. Washington Volunteers, first
heat— G. Bundy, R. Relnbart, F. Perkins, Com
pany G; \V. A. Dlxon, C. Ellis. W. Campbell,
A. R. Scott, A. Mattueks, E. Elmlss, Com
pany L>: F. Marsh. T. Nutt, A. Hughes, A.
Marsh, W. Nlckerson, M. Bmlth, F. Reid, G.
Haslop. F. Fltzhugh. J. Nolan, A. Page, W.
Doughty, Company A.
75-yard dash. Washington Volunteers, second
heat— G. Wlnkler. T. Hoffman, H. Waters. E.
Sanford, O. Hlckox, R. Moore, N. E. Polley,
W. Hoopword, Company D; S. Drake, C.
Smith, A. M. Rons, R. Drake, O. Westfuli, A.
Woodford, Company E; A. Carlyle, B. Gold
mnn, G. Glynn, Company I.
Special 50-yard dash (interregimental) for
championship of volunteers. (The entries for
this race represent the best aquatic talent at
Camp Merritt)— A. H. Chambers, Kansas: W.
M. Seaman. Montana (champion); C. P. Green,
fionth Dnkota.
- Hlgh-dlvlng contest for the championship of
United States Volunteers. - In this contest the
man .who ■■roes the highest wln«. Entries— M.
Goerge, D. McCarthy, W. H. Evans, J. Staum
t>auKh. It. A. Gllmore, J. Swapp, R. J. Rodes,
G. Wlnkler. •
■ 50-yard final, lowa Volunteers— Prire, sliver
medal.
60-yard nnnl, Washington Volunteers—
•liver medal.
Father Younan Will Lecture.
'•"tt'ords of Pilate— What Constitutes a
Man?" is the interesting subject upon
which Rev. Father Younan of the Paulist
community will lecture at Metropolitan
Temple, July 7, under the auspices of
Council No. 50 of the Young Men's Insti
tute. Owing to the nature of the theme,
the lecture will undoubtedly prove at
tractive to the general public.
Bead the thrilling story, "How I
Helped Lieutenant Cushing Destroy
the Confederate Bam Albemarle,"
by one of the survivors of that heroic
exploit, in next Sunday's Call.
ing amount of money In similar denomina
tions. There was no method under the
proceedings to get him committed, ana
the case went over until to-morrow in
order to see what could be done. •
'Alcatraz Hall Association.
OAKLAND. June 17.— The Alcatraz
Masonic Hall Association of West Oak
land was incorporated to-day with a cap
ital stock of J20.000, half of which is aj
ready subscribed. The largest stock
holder Is Alcatraz Lodge, F. and A. M.,
which holds 3000 shares. The purpose of
the corporation is to secure and hold real
estate and erect buildings for lodge and
other purposes. The directors are H. S.
Aldrich. H. Schlindler, D. Robertson, C.
E. Snook, C. H. Redington, A. A.McKeen
and H. A. Glines.
No Witnesses for Knowles.
OAKLAND, June 17.— The trial of W.
A. Knowles for the interpolation of a
mortgage release was terminated to-night
and to-morrow morning Judge Greene
will charge the jury, who will then decide
the guilt or innocence of the accused.'.
The defendant's attorneys made no de
fense other than their technical points.
No witnesses were 1 placed on the stand.
Maniac Jumps From a Train.
OAKLAND, June 17.— Robert Farley,
who was committed to the Stockton asy
lum yesterday, escaped from his keepers
en route late last night east of Niles. He
jumed from the running train and wan
dered down the hill. When last seen he
was climbing the hill on the west side
of the canyon. Deputy Sheriff Frank
Rose and Constable Rodrique were noti
fied and took up the hunt. Deputy Sher
iff Charles White is out to-day, but no re
port had been received from him at a
late hour to-night.
Protest Against Increased Hates.
OAKLAND, June 17.— The Board of
Trade to-day received a communication
from the Los Angeles Merchants' and
Manufacturers' Association urging them
to fight the proposed Increased westbound
freight rates. A special committee was
appointed to handle the matter.
Oakland News Items.
OAKIANL", June 17.— The Ordinance and
Judiciary Committee of the City Council will
recommend a license of $100 per year on beer
bottling establishments.
■ Henry Harney, 13 years of age, was arrested
on a chfyge of petit larceny, preferred by A.
D Coplin. He accuses him and other boys of
purloining lumber from his premises.
The case of 11. E. Tuttle. a waiter, charged
with embezzling |43 collected for his employer,
G D. Hallahan, was dismissed by Judge Al
len in the Police Court to-day after two Jury
trials, in which each disagreed.
An effort is being made to bring off the long
delayed tennis match between the second teams
of San Francisco and this city to-morrow.
Nicholson and Spencer are the local team and
Welhe and Adams will represent San Fran
cisco. ■
Jopeph F. Evans, nominated yesterday by
President McKinley as commissary of subsist
ence, with the rank of captain, Is a well-known
resident of this city. He will be the first rev
enue collector at Mnn!h,
i hlef of Police Fletcher was called upon
late last night to send men to the mole to
keep the soldiers quiet. He refused to do so
until he advised with City Attorney Dow, to
ascertain whether It was In or out of the city
limits.
Governor Richards and party of Wyoming
have been royally entertained since their ar
rival yesterday. At a banquet speech last
evening the Governor spoke complimentary of
the city. - His daughter was educated at Mills
College.
Justice of the Peace E. Lawrence Is wrathy
at J. T Carroll, who filed a protest against hla
bills with the Supervisors last Monday. He
threatens him with criminal libel proceedings.
Quarters for Women Students.
BERKELEY, June 17.— The women stu
dents of the University of California will
return at the beginning of the next col
lege year to find that their study rooms
have' been miK'h altered and improved.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst is taking a personal
interest in the matter, and the improve
ments are being made at her expense.
In addition to the quarters formerly oc
cupied in the north wing of the base
ment of North Hall Mrs. Hearst will
also furnish a large apartment in East
Hall. Fioth places are to be fitted up !
with new lockers and tables. E. W. |
Davis, secretary of the Board of Re
gents, has charge of the alterations, and |
ho will have the work upon them started
next week.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. June 17.— A petition
signed by over 100 residents of "West
Berkeley, asking that the postoffice
stamp agency there be discontinued, nas
been indorsed by Postmaster Ole C Vtn
zc-nt and forwarded to Washington.
An agreenv-nt has been reached by the
town authorities and the Alameda Waier
Company, by which the well on Francis
co street will be u?<"-d as tho water supply
for West Berkeley, giving the tojvn.
authorities an Increased supply for street
sprinkling.
President Martin J. Kellogg will leave
next week for Los Angeles, where \e will
be one of the speakers at the Clostng ex
ercises of the Los Angeles Staio Nor
mal School.
Professor Elmer Brown of the depart
ment of pedagogy In the University of
California is now in Washington, D*. <"\,
where he will read a paper before the
National Educational Association, to be
held June 28.
• ♦ .
Fortner's Whereabouts.
ALAMEDA, June 17.— Up to this even
ing no clue had been obtained to the
whereabouts of C. A. Former, who has
been missing since last Saturday. One
acquaintance of his says that he saw him
on that day on the Portland steamer. An
other who saw him a week ago to-night
says that he was very despondent over
not passing the signal service examina
tion, and that he would not be surprised
if he had committed suicide.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Isidnr Rosencrantr (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hibernta Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on X line or Fell street, 82:6 W of
Octavia. W 25 by N 120; $r.850.
F. J. Berry by same to same, lot on X line
of Sacramento street, 118:9 E or Flllmore, B
25 by N 128; 122R1.
M. Routh Davis to Margaret H. McDonald,
lot on N line of Ellis street, 150 W of Laguna.
W X by N 120: $s.
Same to same, lot on KE corner of Buchanan
and Vnllejo. N 137:6 by E 137:6; also lot on X
line of Ellis street, H2:6 E of Jones, E 25 by
N* 137:6: $5.
Margaret H. McDonald to Edward Duncan,
same (2 descriptions); also lot on X line of
Ellis street, 150 W of Loguna. W 25 by X
120; $5.
Moses J. an<l Sarah Franklin to San Fran
cisco Gas and Eiertric Company, W A blocks
255 and 206. quitclaim deed; $10.
Estate Jane S. Eaton <!>y A. N. Drown, ex
ecutor) to A. II Shields, lot on X line of Jack
son street. 162 W of Flllmore. W 38 by X
127:S*i; $V\2so.
Oren F. Minor (trustee) to McDonald. Mattie
8.. Alice D. and Bcott C Spencer, lot on SW
corner Xoe and Beaver streets, S 32:6 by W
100: — .
Otto F. and Mathilda yon Rheln to F. W.
Kern, lot on E line of Valencia street. 325 X
of Twenty-sixth. X 30 by B 117:6: $10.
Emma Clarke to Alfred Clarke Jr., lot on E
line of Homestead street. 210 S of Twenty
fourth. S 50 by E 125: Gift.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Henry Kemme,
lot on S line of Twenty-third street. 250 W of
Douglass, W 25 by S 114. lot 13S. Heyman
Tract; 510.
Christian and Maria Graf to John Chrlsten
.«en, lot on E line of Midway street, 91:8 X of
Francisco, also 183:4 W of Dupont, X 22:11 by
E 81:8: 510.
George O. Davis to Thomas O. Heydenfelt,
lot on E line of Powell street, 77 X of Wash
ington. X 20 by E 60; $10.
Sellna Howes to O. D. Baldwin, lot on XE
corner of Mason str-.-ets nnd O'Farrell alley. N
32:6 E 137 :«. S 61:4. W 10, X 18:4%, W 77:8; $5.
J. C. H. and Sadie R. Jordan to Julius H. Berg
hauser, lot on X line of Broadway, 93 E of
Tayl< r street. E 22:6. X 62:6, \V 24:6, S 23:6. E 2.
S 39; also all Interest In 50-vnra lot 661; $10.
German Pavings and Loan Society to Emllle
Ursin. lot on SE line of Silver street, 300 SW
of Third, SW 25 by SE 80: $10.
Solomon and Dora Getzz i.o William J. Jenk
ins, lot on W line of Twenty-sixth avenue, 275
8 of J street, S 25 by \V 120; $10.
Same t<j Edwin Lawrence, lot on S line of J
strttft, 82:6 E of Xlnth avenue. E 50 by B 100:
$10.
John and Mary Donovan to Marparet Ktrsch
baum. lot 23. block C, Park Lane Tract; $1000.
Alameda County.
Oakland Bank of Savings to Huph and Kate
Conahan, lot on S line of East Twenty-second
etrcet, 3f>3 X of Twenty-first avenue, E 72 S
ISO, W 44. R 10, W 2S, N 140, to beginning, East
Oakland; $1200.
jHne Newton to Oakland Loan and Invest
ment Company, lot on NW corner of Newton
and Hanover avenues, W 50, N 145, B 42.40 S
145. to beginning. East Oakland; $10.
Crocker Estate Company to C. H. King, 154
acres, being plot 27. Rancho V. and D. Peralta;
excepting 5.35S acres, beginning at NW corner
plot 27, said Ran.-ho; thence E 518.62 feet to
boundary line of Crocker Tract; thenr-e 8 450,
\V 518.30 to W boundary line, plot 27; thence
NW 40" to beginning, portion, plot 27, Rancho
V. and D. Peralta; also excepting lot on SE
corner Lincoln and King avenues, E 283 58 S
814.71 W 289.24, N 652.12. to beginning, being
lots So to 96, Crocker Tract, Piedmont, Oak
land Annex: $10.
Fred L. Button to Amelia Crawford, lot on
N line of Felton street. 125 B of Baker, E 40
SATED FROM
INSTANT DEATH
Oakland Tourists Badly
Hurt at Yosemite.
RUNAWAY ON THE GRADE
COACH POISED A MOMENT ON
A PRECIPICE.
Though Thrown Out and Badly In
jured the Passengers Will All
Kecover — Veteran's First
Accident.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 17.
Several well-known Oaklanders are ly
ing In beds and bandages at Yosemlte as
the result of a serious accident that oc
curred two days ago. The mishap was
due to a runaway on an embankment,
and half a dozen people are wondering
how their lives were preserved.
The story of the miraculous escape
which caused Senator Mofflt "to pray
as he never prayed before" is told in ad
vices received to-day. A party, consist-
Ing of Senator and Mrs. F. J. Mofflt,
Miss Pratt, Mr. and Mrs. George Roed
ing of Fresno, Will Dargie Jr., Mr. Heus
ton (a retired banker of New York), Hon.
J. S. Zevely (a Government agent), and
Jefferson Mofflt left the Sentinel Hotel
for a drive up the valley. Tom Gordon,
who has navigated in the Yosemite for
a quarter of a century, was the driver,
and all went well until a point eleven
miles from Wawona was reached, when
the horses were changed. Three were
gentle, but Gordon told the party not to
speak a word, for the fourth horse would
kick at the sound of a voice. At Inspira
tion Point the vicious leader suddenly
commenced kicking, and an instant later
he was on a mad run, dragging and ex
citing the other three horses. The brake
and all the weight the driver put on the
reins exerted no inlluence over the wild
runaways. It was the steepest down
grade on the route. Every 200 feet there
was a sharp curve, and the tendency o£
the coach to swing toward the bank was
all that prevented an upset for a quarter
of a mile.
The driver finally turned to the party
and said, "We are gone, nothing cansav*
us." Senator Mofflt shouted. "We have a
better chance by not Jumping," and
everybody sat still. In rcundlng two
curves close together one of the horses
went over the embankment. At exactly
that point on the other edge of the rwd
"divine Providence" had placed a tree
fully five feet in circumference. The
front wheel of the coach struck this tree
and rent in it a gash the size of the hufc.
Gordon says that the team at that time
was going fully eighteen miles an hour.
When the front wheel struck the tree the
hind wheel was already over the em
bankment. The coach remained straight
for a small portion of a second from the
impact, until the hind hub was embedded
in the sarae tree.
The concussion from the first bump
sent Miss Pratt and the driver flying
to the right, Mr. and Mrs. Mofflt to the
left. Young Mofflt landed in the middle
of the road. Three of the horses
scrambled away, dragging the driver,
while the rest of the passengers, with
the exception of Will Dargie Jr., were
Jolted in the coach and severely and
painfully wounded. Mrs. Mofflt clambered
up the bank unaided, while the Senator
remained unconscious on the rocks for
nearly an hour. Miss Pratt received
probably twenty-five gashes. This is the j
first accident that has ever happened to
the veteran driver, Gordon. An investi
gation of the scene later showed that
had the tree been one foot to the right
or left from where it was the whole party
would have gone down the embankment
500 feet on to the rocks in the Merced
River. The maimed passengers are now
recovering at the hotel, but it will be
several days before they can pursue their
pleasure trip. Young Dargie was the
only one in the group that was not in
jured in the least, and on the return of
the Oaklanders they are going to ask ;
Yosemite Commissioner Foote to name ;
the tree that saved their lives "Salvation j
Tree."
Young Men's Institute.
ALAMEDA, June 17.— California Coun
cil No. 24, Young Men's Institute, of this
city, held its annual meeting last evening
and elected the following officers: Chap
lain, Rev. F. O'Connell; president. P. A.
Kearney; first vice-president, J. P.
Wright; second vice-president, H. C. Gal
lagher; recording secretary. T. C. Cough
lin; financial secretary and treasurer, G.
H. Burkhart; marshal, Frank O'Brien;
by X 134. Oakland Annex, quitclaim deed; $10.
C. F. Pease to John Llnd. lot on W line of
Hazel street, 164 S of Maple. S 50 by W 120.
being lot 31. University Villa Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
G. F. W. Schultze to J. V. Hull, lot on SW
corner of Milvia street and Channlng way, W
50. S 136. E 40:10, X ISS to beginning, block 6.
Parker Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Joseph Morath to Helen Sturne, lot on E
line of Calhoun avenue, 175.70 S from S line of
county road from Oakland to San Leandro, 8
50 by E 100, being lot 2S, block O, Huntington
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $250.
Eva Beard to Mary A. Gardiner, lot on XE
corner of Pan Jose avenue and Walnut street.
X 150. E 100. S 50, W 33:4. ■ 100, W BS:g to
beginning, block X, lands adjacent to Enclnal,
Alameda: $10.
Henry Harris to John W. and Jennie V. Har
ris, lot on S line of Central avenue. 149:6 E of
Broadway, E 26 by S 100, block 159, Oakland;
gift.
Joseph E. Kelly to J. F. Chandler, lot on X
corner of Second avenue and Summer street,
XW 200 by XE ion. being lots 27. 2*. 51 and 52.
Locksley Square, Oakland Annex; $10.
Charles and Carrie B. Ulrlch to Brooklyn In
vestment and Loan Association, lot on S line
of Buena Vista avenue, 41.74 E of Park street,
X 40 by S ion, being lot 2. block B, Golden Gate
Tract. Oakland Annex; $100.
Hannah P. Gregson to Harrison Oregson. lot
on XW corner of Bristol and Hamilton streets,
W 56. X 134:8, E 65:4. S 135 to beginning, beln*
a portion of range §. Hardy Tract, Berkeley;
alf«o lot on X line of Bristol street. 56 W of
Hnmilton. W ?6 by X 134 :S, being a portion of
ranges 9 and 10. Hardy Tract, Berkeley ; gift.
Irene E. and Orrln C. McCracken to Lloyd
Tevls. lot on S line of Bancroft way. 2'>o W of
Audubon stroet. W 20 Inches by S ISO, block 9,
College Homestead Association. Berkeley; also
all lands W of premises described In deed mad*
by first party to second partS' March 18. 1898.
and recorded In 65 d 31, and E of fence now
standing and extending In a X and S direction
about 20 Inches W of W line of land described
In and granted and conveyed by said deed,
Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $10.
C Hirsch to W. A. Davis, nil Interest In lots
16 to 24. block I, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn
Township : $10.
Jemima Lundy to Fannie M. Rlley. lot on
X corner of East Fourteenth Btreet and Bray
avenue. XE 125 by XW 30.41. being portion of
Bray Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
George M. B. Gray (referee in suit of William
F. Whittler, plaintiff, vs. F. W. and George P.
Fuller and W. P. Fuller tt Co.) to W. P. Ful
ler * Co. fa corporation), lot on X line of
Twelfth street. 150 E of Broadway. E 50 by M
100. block 174, Oakland; $25,000.
William F. Whittler to same. same. Oak
land, quitclaim deed; $5.
G. L. and K. L Fits to The Realty Syndi
cate lot 21. block JlO4. Alden Tract, Temescal,
Oakland Annex, quitclaim deed; $3.
Builders' Contracts.
Theodnrs F. and Warren R. Payne (owners)
with F. W. Kern (contractor), architect* Cur
lett & MeCaw. Brick, carpenter. Iron, eleva
tor and painters" work, etc., for alterations to
South Point Warehouse on lot on 8 line of
Berry street, between Third and Fourth: $©540.
Mrs. M. E. Denery (owner) with Edward C.
Bletch (contractor), architect Xathanl«l Blais
dell. All work excepting painting, electrical
work, plumbing, gasfltttng. sewering, mantels
and trimming hardware for a 2-story frame
structure on lot on E line of Lyon street. 100
X of Bush. E 25 by S 100. thence along Bush
25, thence E 100 to beginning: J2«75.
Mrs. Rose Kahn (owner) with Z. O. Field
(contractor), architect John J. Laferme. All
work for a 8-story frame hulldiar "of 4 stores.
4 flats and attic on lot on XW corner of Post
and. Laguna streets, X SO, by W 62:6; $8555.
sentinel, R. J. Mahoney; executive vom
mittee, James McGee. P. J. Winter and
H. C. Gallagher. Delegate to the four
teenth Grand Council to be held at San
Jose, August 29, A. F. St, Sure; alter
nate, James McGee.
Newspaper Men Go to War.
ALAMEDA, June 17.— J. H. Timmons,
city editor of the Argus, and M. G. Jones,
collector of the Enc-inal. have both en
listed in the Seventh Regiment and hope
to be soon en route to Manila. Timmons
joined Company M. from Santa Ana.
which is his old home, while Jones joined
Compajiy E, wnich is from Vontura
County and is ehort its regular number.
John Chase, another Alameda young man,
has also joined the same regiment.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, June 17.— A gang of sneak
thlpves are working the city and causing a
great deal of trouble by thair petty thievery.
Complaint has been made to the City Trus
tees with regard to thp mtniness of tho Wil
low-street station on the broadpauge railroad.
Gua Rossefer wa« arrested last nlirht fur
jumping off a narrow-gauge train while It
v.as In motion.
George W. Macßae suffered yesterday all
day from the effects of some kind of poisoning,
which he ascrlbei to eating strawberries.
Mrs. Millicent Macßae of 1093 Park avenue
died last night of consumption. She was a
native of Prince Edward Island, and waa 50
year? of ace. She leaves a husband but nn
children. Her funnral will take place at 10
a. m. to-morrow.
The two local councils of the Jr. O. T*. A. M.
will attend divine service in n body on Sunday
evening at Holtz Hall, Webster street. Rev.
J. A. Wickham will preach a patriotic sermon.
The Swedish bride fills her pocket with
bread, which she dispenses to every one
she meets on her way to church, every
piece she disposes of averting, as she be
lieves, a misfortune.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEAB9TT ST. Established
Mpiff^^M In 1554 tor the treatment of Private
M^£f^W Dlseuaes, Lost Manhood. . Debility or
■ disease weariDg on bodyand mind and
OH H Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
JJffl others fall. Try him. Charges low.
| t'ureaaiiarnnferd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. *\ UIBBOH, Box 1957, San Francisco.
OCBA2H TltiLTrfl^_
PHLVnMIfI The S 8 - ALAMEDA
|jSl£lnßEi>alls via Honolulu and
[■■■■■ BHBW Auckland- for Sydney
B~^-—^-\ Wednesday, July 13. at
(bi^r i • 2p. m.
«\f?JiniSn!n<J Tne sailing for Hono-
Gxcai.ijiiii/ 1 lulu June 6296 29 l 8 can
/OniF)3fUf.celed.
VyillJHUlW^ L i n e to coolgar-
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN, South
Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St., San Francisco. I
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1^ Steamers ' leave Broadway
I ttW. wharf, San Francisco.
\ tBHa For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
3 ISyßj&isßi June 6'6 ' 10 ' 15> 20 ' 25 ' 30 - July "'■
\ t&lKfil transfer at Seattle.
I B^KflSK^Sa For Alaskan ports (from
1 ffß^t'iT-i^ril Foljom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
ir^^^raSSHß June 5, 26, July 17. August 4.
1 25, transfer at Portland. Or.
■*• For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Ct Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a.
m June 6 10 15. 20. 25. 30. July 5. and every !
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. ;
Ry at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver
W For C Eureka y ' (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
June I. 7. 13. 19. 25 - Jul 1. and every sixth !
For *Banta Cruz. Monterey, " San Simeon.
Cavin-os. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), i
Gaviota Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. ;
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 a. m., June 2, 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26, 30,
July 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego., stopping only at Port Har- ,
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), il
m.V June 4. S. 12. 16. 20. 24. 2S. July 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Pai, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mcx). 10 a. m., June 17,
For further Information obtain folder. -
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
giiii b«i"!! of salllne.
TIOKKT OFFICE— New Montgomery
Street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DIBPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE »I 2 First Class Including Berth
InnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
! Columbia June 5. 14. 23
i State of California June 8, 17, 28
Oregon June 11, 20, 29
j 6t Paul »16 00|St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 26 OOlChleago 27 50
Omaha 26 001 New York Jl 00
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 Nortr f-r^r^r
River, foot of Morton Et. Travelers /t f£Yi\
by this line avoid both transit by J " H " »
; English railway and the discomfort of crossing
i the channel In a email boat. "New • York *. to
| Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE June 25, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE .....July 2, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE July 9, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE .July 16. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE July 23, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. • • ,
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck.. June 30, A. Victoria.... August 11
F. Bismarck.... July 2S,F. Bismarck.. August 25
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pennsylvania... June 251Pret0ria..........Ju1y 9
Palatla .July 2|Patrla. July IS
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California st., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticell©.",, ££• •
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at..... -
9:45 a. m.,"8:15 p. m. <8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. in. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pter S.
Telephone Red 2241.
"railroad tr a vel7~
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
' RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry. W—t of Mark** St. ,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN r.AFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:J5.
8:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
i at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:58
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; l:» 0. 8:10.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45.
"8:40. 5:10 p. m Saturdays— Extra .trips at
1:56 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40,
; 6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and ScbueUen Park
| same schedule as above. ■ *
■ . Leave • Arrive •
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. -
._ - April 23,
Week | ■ Sun- • IS3B. Sun- . I Week
Days. | days. Destination, days. ("Days.
'7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:4U ami S:4O am
3:30 pm 9:30 am ' Petaluma. ; C:10 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pini 6:22 pai
~~~~ j ~~ Fulton,
I 7:30 am Windsor, ' 10:25 am
. Healdsburg,
1-' .V-~'V .Lytton,, ;."-"•
t.-C Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am " ' Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm i:00i :00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam . ,:•-••,.• . . • . 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:85 pm '
3:30 pm( '■ ■ - ; -'| ■■■■■■■ . - . ___ 6:22 pm
7:30 am 3:00 am Sonoma ■-.' '1:40 am $.40 am
• v ■ ■ ■■'■■ ■ -•■•and-. •'. ' • ■ ■• - ■
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pn
?:S0 ami 8:00 am BebastopoL 110:40 nm 10*15 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pni . I 7:35 pm 6:22 pm.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
rervlUe for Sk»ggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland . for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs. Kel»eyvllle. New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, . Lakeport . and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy • Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, Rlver-
I side. • Llerley's. Bucknell's, Saohedrln : Heights,
! Hullville, Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs.- Men-
doclno City, Fort : Bragg, Westport, Usal. ■
- Saturday to Monday *- round-trip tickets ' at ■
reduced rates. -. . • ,- ; -
■ On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flcea, 660 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
I Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
- .. ■ /; ■" ■■•■ • . ..' .-.~- ■:.... ...
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
aoi mi kn rlcurtc coHPiiT.
{rACJFIO HVNTKM.)
TrslM lf«tf nr«* «lw»> *• i»rrlw« ••
WAN l'lUS«i*i(O.
(Main Line. Foot of .Market street) ■ - ;:;;_; :;;_
tgAVK - Fno« Jc.vg 1. 1398. - AKBnr«
•6:OOa Nilts, San Jose and Way Station*... *Jj ! j^
7:OO\ ttenicia, Suisun mi-l Sacramento.... 1O:4»\
7:O«a Marys»ille, (»roville»iiJ KedJlug ti»
woo.hiu<i | : j'»j;
7:!)Oa Vacaville mvi Rumsey .■■•.• *'* ap
7:Ui»a Martinez., San lUuion, Vallejo. Napa,
Ua&toca ami Santa Kosa.... *•'*'
Bm>Oa Atlantifi Kxi.ress. t)«deii *iki Kant.. »ti.>r
»::u»A N'lles. San .lojib. .StiKjktoii, lone,
Sacrameuto, Marystllle, CUco. _
Teliamaamllte.l IthifT .i I!,'1 !,'
•N:!IOa IVtera. Milton, O»k(Ule .....' '7:li»r
»iOo* New Orleans liiprwui. Merced. Fres-
no, Jtakersfk'M. Sm.tu Kurlwra.
. ■ Ik>B Au»i-I t UemlHK. Xl l'aso.
New OileKii. »ml R»«l *'* : l r
IO:OOa Vallejo. M.irti anrl Way Stations 7. S 1« P
•l:OOr SdCrittiiDiiUi lUt« Steaim-i* .7. ,, l>
Sau Jose, Nil anil Way Stationß... J«: • 3 a
2:00 - Livcrniore. Merilota. Hanford and
VUallaV. "••• ' tll3p
LWi/rniore, Sau Jose, Nilea W»y
Stationg *!2'!2*
Fresuo. Yosemlte. Merced. Martinez I«:l5p
4:»Oi- Muitin.v.. Han Kum.m, Vallejo,
Nai>». (Jiill»tog», Xl Verauo an 3
Hiii.taltosa ••• B'l9*B ' 19 *
s4ioors 4i00r Henicia, Vacarllle, WooiUand.
KiilghU Lamlii.?. Marysville, Oro- •■ '
»ille awl Hacrmiieikti I 2 ■**
4:3«p Xlios. Sau Jose, Tnco and Stockton .. T:l».*
■l«30r Stockton, lo'U, Oakdale (Jaaics-
towafor Yi«o.iilt<»), Merccil I«il»r
««»«!■ Latliri'ii. Moilt-sto. Alerceil. «treiid»
< Kayinuml for Yo»emite), I'renno,
Mujare. Santa llarliara »nd !.•>•
An K el«a "7 1 * 8 *
4iBOr Banta Fh Konte. Atlnntic Kipra**
for MoJHTe «ml Kast • ! 1» p
8iO« i- Kuropeau Mail, Ogdeu and Ka»t,.... o>4» a
♦B:OOp Vallejo 1*:I-"»F
6:oofllHynanU. Niles ami San J05e...... «*484
| J7:oop Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Sta-
tlous, ". '....■'■ j1»j«»f
8i««p Oregon > Hacmt>ieutn. Mnr>»-
vill«. lte<l<lln«. rortlaml. l'liget ...
I Homihl nn.l K*nt .;.......... ■ g»l»A
I ' tikS I.KAMIUO ASI» IUYWAKDS UH kh.
I ■ (Koot of Mtrket Street.) :
' "I MelrOKO, Sointnarjr I'iirk, f Jl'\^
SiOOa Kltchhurn, Klmhumt, KZlVit
: e«M Loren «o, Cherry . • ii:43 P
<8:00r - »'"' i*i4Ap
SiOOp H*yw»rdii. l»t4Br
7:« Op i Runs through to Niles. T:4sp
) t From Niles. I
COAST IMVISION (Narrow (iauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) ___
- }7i45a Santa Cruz Kxcursion, BanU Crux
and Priucipal Way SUtlons JB:osr
*jlsa Newark, Cen tervllle. San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, SanU Cruz and Way
autiocs »i3©p
•*:lsf Newark, Cent«rT(lle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Houider Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'rlncipal Way
SUtloos »1O:5Oa
4:1 Se San Jose, Olenwood t Way Station* oj2oa.
04;13p Buuldtrf reek and Ranta Cru» JU:a«>A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtaSlS fftiVCISCO— Foot of Market Strctt i&hil)—
•T:l6 9:<>o 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:00 t3:CO
•4:00 15:03 •8:00r.ll.
turn O»J,.iI«D-r>i«t »rBro»4w»y.— «fl:00 8:00 10:001.11.
tlg.SO '1:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:00 *B:oor.>r.
" (OAST 111 VISION (nroadUaage). "
(Third and To.msei.il St«.)
•7:00 a Ban J««ie ftn'l War Bt»U,.i.» (New
Almailixi Wetlnegdajrs only) l:30p
J7«8O \ Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Saota Cruz, Pacifio Grore snd -
Principal Way Buttons , JBi»s»
•iOoa Nan Jiise, Tres I'lmw, Santa Crnr..
raclflo (iroTe, I'aao ltoblu*, ban
I.uls Olilni-o, tiiiadaiupe, Surf ami
l'rlnclpiil iV«y .Stations 4:lOr
lOt4OA Sau Jose ami Way Stations *S:004
lli3Oa San Jnse ami War Stations *8:39*
*2:43rBan Mateo, Kedwood, Meulo Park,
Palo Alto. Sanu 'Jiara, Sail Jom,
Gilroy. Hollister, Santa Crnr.,
SHlinas, Monterey ami PaciUo
■ «rove •lw:»«A
•»:S»r t'anJoce ami Way Stalions *OHIO«
•4i1.1r San Jose ami Principal Way Btatlon* 0:43 a
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way SUtions 6::>3a
. 5:30r San Jo*e ami Principal Way Statiot* : 3:3«F
»>::toi- San Jose au.l Way Stations v 7:30p
f11:45p San "Jose anil Way Stations 7i3o*
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
• Siindays exceptert. t Sundays only, t Satnrilay* ovly
I Sunday* and Mondays. o Saturday* and Sundays.
fJ^NICKERBOCKER
KNICKERBOCKER
SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN— 1
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
1 INew Yorki
j Boston,
Montreal,
'-'■K,.y- Buffalo*
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati,
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between
i Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over
| greatest - system of transportation In th«
world— the Vanderbilt Lines.
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls, Wash-
! lngton, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
This train allows half day's stop in St. Louis
1 and goes into the only depot In New York
' City. ' -':
C. W. GREEN.
Traveling Pass'r Agent.. Kansas City, Mo.
A. J. WHITEHBAD,
Traveling Passenger A*rent. Dallas. Tex.
•WM. P. DEPPE.
Ass't Gen'l Passenger Agt.. St. Louis. Mo.
Santa Feßpute
THU BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace 6leepln£ Car^
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run on the Following Timei
t«ave Ban Francisco. 4 30 p. m.. B.M.T.W.T.F.W
Arrive Denver 6:00 p. su., W.T.F.S.S.M.T,
Arrlv* Kansas C1ty..7:00 a. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.TV;
Arrive Bt. Louis «:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.'W;
*jrrtve Chlcaro t:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W7
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
flerve Snperlor Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLB
If You Travel on the- Santa Pat
«i Femcisco iiCKEfiicE— 144 market si
■ Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1620.
Oakland OSce— lllB Broadway.
J; Saoramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jom Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1. 189b, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. - North-bound.
! — . . ■ v
I ' Passen- Mixed / Mixed Passen-
ger ■ ! Sunday . Sta- Sunday ger
\ Daily. Exc'pfd tons. Exc'pfd Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 5:45 p m 6:40 pn»
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 prn
10:40 am 3:f.0 p m Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 p m
11:35 am 1 C:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pra
2:45 p mill:50 p m Bk'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a m
, 12:05 pm 7:50 p m Visalia ... 6:40 a m! 12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San -Francisco and Stockton at <f
p. m. dally: at Merced with stages to and
from Snellings, Coultervllle. Yoaemlte. etc:
also with stage from Hornitos, Marlposa, etc.;
at Lankershlm with state to and from Madera.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Yin Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 183 S.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. •8:00.
•9:30. 11:00 a. m.; *1:45, 8:20. 4:00. 6:15. ••:0Q t
, 6:30 p. m. r
• Extra trips i for San Rafael on Mondays,
I Wednesdays. Saturdays and Sundays at 11:3*
'p. m. / ■-'-,, •:;
' SUNDA
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— t-.WL,
: •10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. •1:45. •2:30. •4:00.
6:30. 6:45 p. ra.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
.-.6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentla. ;
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1 1-20 p. m. Saturdays— -Caxadero and way ata'n*
t:l6 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way stations.
t:00 a. m. — Cazadero and way stations.
■; 1:46 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Mar L
1898: • .. .. m ' v
Week Days — 9:SO a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m
| Sundays— B:oo. »:00. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 «r>4
I -10 p. m. "•■ . -
, Round trip from Mill Valley, $L " : -, '
. THOS COOK ■ A SON. Asenta, 621 : MarsM
street. San Francisco. / ■
iiiillliil
1112
RED CROSS FAIR
WILL RECEIVE
POPULAR AID
Some Details of the Plan to Enter
tain the Public and Help
the Soldiers.
Well-Known Citizens Say the Fair Would Prove
a Practical Means of Increasing the
Fund for Humanity's Cause.
There are many evidences that The
Call's proposal that the Red Cross peo
ple be encouraged to start a fair for
the benefit of the great movement in
which they are conspicuous is popu
lar.
Men foremost in business affairs,
prominent lawyers. Federal and mu
nicipal officers, as well as the great
rank and file of every-day American
citizens, indorse the movement for a
fair. They say it is at once a practi
cal and pleasant way for the masses to
enow their patriotism.
It is part of the purpose of the Red
Cross people to appear before the
Chamber of Commerce and set forth
their plans In detail, with a view of re
ceiving aid and encouragement from
that representative business body,
whose patriotic utterances have re
cently been appiauded all over the
United States.
The main features of the proposed ex
hibition, as set forth by David Lubin,
give a thorough idea of the plans now
under consideration. It will be seen
by a review of the plan that all mat
ters contemplated are within the range
of practicability and that there are
many features that will prove highiy
entertaining as well as instructive to
the public.
The following opinions of well-known
citizens, in addition to those already
expressed and published in these col
umns, will give a general id(.-a of the
plans:
CHEMIST A. M'BOTLE— It is a good
THE FAIR PLAN IN DETAIL.
How the Red Cross Could Entertain
and Raise Funds.
A proposition of a grand exhibition with special features for the pur
uf raising a large fund for the Red Cross to be under the auspices of
the Chamber of Commerce of San Franrjpro.
First— The grand exhibition might be divided into two main sections, the
first to be known as the historical section, the second as the art loan sec
tion. The historic section could represent: The history of the State grouped
by counties and municipalities, and consist of the objects of history from
the earliest time to the present. This should embrace the important pub
lic archives and private documents of the various governments under which
California was ruled, and tho historic ecclesiastical objects from the vari
ous missions of the State. The interesting objects illustrating the history
connected with gold and silver mining could be shown; the historic me
mentos of the Statp militia, volunteer fire departments, the civic and secret
orders and miscellaneous objects of State history would be interesting.
Tin- art loan section might consist of marble and other statuary, paint
ings, objects of art, etc., to be 'loaned free of charge by citizens generally.
At stau-d tini'-s during the exhibition the following special . features
are BUggested: Sham battle, athletic contests, Roman arena contests, school
children's exercises, choral societies, drill of infantry, cavalry and artillery,
bombarding of a port, competitive patriotic songs and music (new), tableaux
of the wars from the time of the revolution to the present day. These
tableaux could be in pantomime, some after the fashion of humorous car
- ptbera severely historic; dress relu-arsal by men and women in copies
of American traditionally historic costumes.
There should be no expense incurred for rent, light, transportation,
transmission <>f telegraph or telephone messages or for labor, but great
efforts should be made to have them contributed free.
The following organizations could be interested in the work: Organizations
of women, county and municipal officers, Native Daughters, Native Sons,
Pioner-rs, secret orders, labor unions, commercial bodies, State militia,
churches, colleges, trade organizations.
thing for the people to do all In thoir
power to aid the Red Cross. It is dif
ficult for those who remain at home to
realize the extent of the benefits con
ferred by this deservedly popular so
ciety. I think The Call's plan for a
fair is all right, though I doubt whether
anything will be >lune unless some one
gets at the holm and works without in
terruption to that end.
ASSISTANT UNITED STATES DIS
TRICT ATTORNEY BERT BCHLES
INGER — I am sure that there has never
been a more popular movement than
this one by the Red Cross people. It
■will be a fine way to raise money for
the soldiers' benefit and I am with it
h»art and soul. It seems hard to be
lieve that any one can seriously op
pose the movement.
T'NITED STATES COMMISSIONER
HEACOi'K-A movement like this at
once unites all the people. You cannot
do enough along this line. The Call's
plan is as good a one as I have heard
of and it will surely succeed if it is
properly managed. The good folk <>f
the Red Cross deserve all the moral and
financial support that the people can
give.
W. W. KAUFMAN, of Stratton &
Kaufman, attorneys — The idea of a fair
for the benefit of the Red Cross So
ciety is a grand one. Every one' is
willing to contribute toward such a no
ble cause. - Let us have a fair on the
lines suggested by The Call and it will
prove a financial success.
EX-ASSEMBLYMAN H. C. DIBBLE
Let us have a fair on the lines sug
gested by The Call and it will, beyond
doubt, prove a great financial success.
These are war times and every one is
willing and anxious to contribute to
ward the success of Old Glory. The
men who have gone from our shore to
fight for the flag of our country may be
in real need within the next few
months, and it is our duty to see that
everything looking toward their com
fort Is supplied.
P. J. THOMAS— I am willing and
anxious to contribute toward the suc
cess of a fnir that will brine: funds
to the Red Cross Society. The so
ciety is working in a noble cause and
should receive the hearty Buppdrt and
co-operation of every one. That it will
receive such support is beyond ques
tion. We are nil Americans and will
ever be f..und supporting the flag of
our country and the men fighting un
der it.
JULIUS KAHN— We are involved in
war and it is the djity of those who
remain at home to see that those who
have gone to the front shall receive
every enre and attention. The work
of the Red Cross Society cannot be
too fully appreciated. The noble wo
men who have given up their time to
lessen the burdens of those who have
answered the call of the President for
volunteers to support the flag and our
country should be shown n p.oper ap
preciation of their efforts. By all means
let us have a fair and allow the Red
Cross Society to dispose of the funds
where they will do the most good.
PREPARING FOR THE
NEXT EXPEDITION
RED CROSS WORKERS ACTIVELY
ENGAGED.
Busy Scenes at the Supply Depot.
Donations Pouring in From
All Parts of the State.
Preparations for fitting out the third ex
pedition are being actively made by the
hi dies of the Red Cross Society. At 1G
Post street the devoted workers of the
cause are busily sewing at bandages and
caps, while others are engaged in receiv
ing the donations that are rapidly pouring
in. Mrs. Theodore S. Smith, who has for
the past two months devoted all her time
to the management of the depot, was tak
en sick a day or two ago, but knowing the
need of superintending the work of her
assistants she pluckily returned to her
desk.
The following letter was received yes
terday and is self-explanatory:
CAMP MERRITT. June 16. IS9S.
To the Red Crow Society, Mrs. Smith. Man
ager—Dear Madam: I nave the honor of
acknowledging the receipt of a liberal supply
of nsh and four boxes of oranges, to be dis
tributed amonc the lowa Volunteers. Allow
i me to say that I consider both Kifts very ap
propriate and assure you that it was delivered
j as per your request.
I thank you for the entire regriment for this
and many other favors received from your gen
erous donations, and give yon niy assurance
tliat there will always remain in the hearts of
' the boys In blue from lowa a very warm place
for the brave ladles of the Red Cross Society
of San Francisco. I am, very respectfully,
W. B. WIDNER.
I Captain Company I, Fifty-first lowa Intantry
Volunteers.
An appeal is made to church societies
and clubs to donate lunches for the out
going third expedition, which will prob
ably leave on the 26th. Each society is
asked to send word to Mrs. Lowenberg,
the chairman of the committee, 609 Van
Ness, how many lunches it will furnish.
; Donations received at the ferry yester
day were: From Podesta & Baldochl,
: Mrs. McClung, Mrs. Smith. Mrs. E. B.
Cutter, Mrs. A. A. Bown, Mrs. Fiske, Mrs
I Lent, Mrs. a. S. Tarnsend, Mrs. Chamber
lain Mr. Henner. Mrs, L. Levy Kichelieu,
; E. U. Ryan, Mrs. Mantea, Mrs. H. Scott,
Miss Mary Scott, J. Morton, Mrs. E.
I Black Ryan, Mrs. David Walker, Mrs. A
, D. Ford, Charles Robinson, Red Cross of
Ross Valley, and Miss Grosset.
Native Daughters' Red Cross Aid has
I called a special meeting for Tuesday
! night at Native Sons' Hall for the trans
i action of important business.-
Mrs. E. W. McKinstry of the State de
partment reports the following donations:
: "Wheatland-l box books; Sulsun— box eggs
L CaS npreßern preBerV f s : Haywards-1 box reading mat
. ter. SO car-s, 4 boxes soap, 1 comb; San Jose—
ta / e f P^serves (13 cans and 22 Jars),l case
drW fruit; Redwor.d-140 bandages, 52 caps 98
comforts; Benicia-20 pillows. 40 bandages:
arysvllle-tt bandages; Laurel, from Miss
; \\ebbcr-3 sacks dried fruit; San Carlos-2
bandages; Sacramento-187 bandages, 12 hand
kerchiefs. 118 Esrnach bandages. 193 tlckV 12
?° cks ' 2S towels; Centerville- 75 bandairea 42
: caps. 20 filled comforts, 50 unfilled comforts
8S comforts; San Leandro— Sß bandages.
The lied Cress fund now amounts to $44 067 IS
with the following "donations Included:
Memberships, $40: cash, 50 cents; Mrs Den
man. balance on membership. 2:, cents; Rincon
Grammar Behoof » 2 :, 6: California Barre rr o ™
party. J2r, : Mrs. l . f. Bachman, j2 :,0; i>, nK 
follow Prlmpry School. $r,; Library R.-udlng
Room Association. N. S. Ci. W.. '10; employ"*
■Whito House, ?73 50; San Francisco Bar As-
Boclatlon, J2:j: Grace Mullpr. 60 cents- St
Stephen's Sundcy-school, $21; entertninmeAt by
Samaritans, 196; Hamilton Grammar School"
?«2 4f,; Sequoia Chapter, ndditional. $23 Mr'
and Mrs. Easters yon Krakau, J10; employes
Rlsdon Iron Warka, additional, hlO 75; me'm
bershlps. »7; Hamilton Grammar School, addi
tional, |l.
The San Francisco society, through Mrs.
Merrill, president, has asked for the follow
ing donations for the next expedition: Phillips"
cocoa, condensed milk, lime Juice, malted milk
alcohol, Jamaica glng-er. clam Juice,, chipped
• "•<■. steamed oatmeal, unsweetened chocolate
dried fruit. Whisky, brandy, claret. Jelly, can
li'-! fruit, caps and hats. • ' •
The Red CroM Society of Napa has Joined the
State association, with a membership list of
24S ladles. They are now working; for the boys
lon the Monadnock. The noclety has already
collected from memberships and subscriptions
4i JO.
Junior Court Pride of the Golden West has
appointed a committee of five to confer with a
i like committee of the sister Junior Court Pride
01 California to arrange a grand entertainment
and dance, the entire proceeds of which j v.;n
be donated ,to the lied Cross Society of Cali
fornia.
The committee appointed Is as follows* M
Gold. O. J. ])Ry, M. RoKenthal, S. S 'Cook
and A. Samuels. '
Fresno has been doing: noble work-in aid of
: the Red Cross, although her local society has
been organized only a month. An entertain
ment given at the Long: Opera House Thursd.iv
night netted $200 for tlie cause.
Alice Rix
With the Awkward Squad
In Next Sunday's Call.
Invests in Bonds.
SACRAMENTO, June 17. -The State
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898.
Board of Examiners has invested $200.
000 in the new issue of 3 per cent bonds
for the benefit of the school fund. Tho
Comptroller has Issued a. warrant on the
State Treasury for $4000— the 2 per cent
required as a depnpit with all bids.
At the Chess Tables.
VIENNA, June I".— Three games in the
twelfth round of the international chess
masters' tournament had been closed
when recess was taken at 2 o'clock this
afternoon. Mnroczy and Tarrasch had
won from Trenehard and Showalter, re
spectively, while Snhleehter and Alapln
had played to a draw. Halprln defeated
Balra; Ltpke beat Tsehlgorin; Plllsbury
defeated JiTKiwski; Blackburne andSchif
fers' i^irne was a draw: the Marco and
W.ilhront pranie was drawn and the Stein
itz and Burn game adjourned.
Gladstone, the Man of the Century,
By Waiter Besant,
In next Sunday's Call.
THE STOCK MARKET.
An assessment of 25 cents on Consolidated
California and Virginia dppre?sed that stock
10 cents yesterday, and the whole line of min
ing stocks was weaker in sympathy.
In local securities there was no particular
change and business was quiet.
The Consolidated California and Virginia
Mining Company has levied an assessment of
25 cents per share, delinquent July 22.
The Reward Gold Mining Company of Nevada
City, Cal., has declared a dividend of 2V4 cents
per share, payable July 1.
The Security Savings Bank has declared a
semi-annual dividend at the rate of 4 per cent
on term deposits and 3 1-3 per cent on ordinary
deposits, payable July 1.
The Sacramento Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of % cent p«r share,
amounting to $5000. payable June 23, and mak
ing $52,000 to date.
The mill at the Occidental Consolidated mine
began dropping ten of Its twenty stamps last
Monday, and Is crushing an average of twenty
flve tons of ore dally.
The delinquency In office of the assessment
of 50 cents on the Omaha Consolidated of Ne
vada County has been postponed to July 15,
and the day of sale to Augrust 13.
The Parrot Silver and Copper Company has
it ilared a cash dividend of 3 per cent (30
centa), payable July 1. The annual report
shows dividends of $282,481 paid during the
nsoal year and surplus May 1. $1.82U.995. It
WAS stated at the meeting that the company's
nrw $f-Ort.ooo smelter would not be operated this
■aaaon.
The Standard Consolidated mine of Bodle
yielded the usual amount of ore during the
week ending June 11 from the New, Moyle.
Bullion, East. Main Standard, Black. No. 10
and Fortuna ledges on the 150, 200, 316, 380, 400
and ,',S2 foot levels. The stopes are looking
fairly well. Some htgh grade ore is being taken
from th>? Fortuna ledge. The exploratory work
on thf several levels goes on as usual.
Standard mill statement—Ore crushed for the
week, IS4 tons; average value vanner tailings
by assay, $S 23; concentrates produced. l*i tons;
BM&y value. ifrtT: amalgam produced. BlMf
ounces; value per ounce, $2 71. The mill was
hung up several hours during the week on ac
count of lightning. Tailings plant No. 1 treated
H4 1 * tens tailings; plant No. 2 was engaged on
the ilnal clean-up.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Fr.IDAY. June 17—2 p. m.
Bid.AsK. lild.Ask.
4s quar coup.. lll 112 Pac Gas Imp.. Sfa^ 87>*
•is quar reg...109 109Vj Pac L Co — 51
4s quar new...124V4124H 6 F G & E... 87 87ki
Miscellaneous — San Fran .... 3 ' 3%
:al-st Cab 55.114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
?al Xl 6» 123 — Insurance —
C C Wat 55... 97^100 Flr«>m"s Fund.lSS —
Dup-st ex c... — .-<»^ Bank Stocks
E L. & P 6«.. — AriKlo-Cal .... 55 65
F & Cl Ry 05.113% — | Rank of Cai..243 245U
Geary-st X os. S>4 100 Cal SD «: T.. 97 99
tl C& S 5%5..100 106 | First Nat ....202^.—
L A L Co 6s. — 100 |!,on P & A... — "130
Do gntd 65..— 103 |Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65. .128 — N>v Nat 8... .152^160
Do Ist M 65..113V4114 Savings Eanks-
Vat Yin 63 Ist — 'J7H Ger S & L..1563 —
V C Nii Ry7s.lC; — Hum S & L..1050 11C0
N Ry Cal 65.. 103 ■«. Mutual Say. — 42V4
N Ry Cal 55..101H — S F Say U.. — EOO
NYC R X 55.101V4 — SAL, 50.... — 100
Dak Gas 5s I'"} — security S B 230 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 111 L'nlon T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6e 125^:127% Street Railroad—
1' & O 6s 105,4 — California ... 107 10S
P& Cl Ry 65.109 — r.eary 40 —
Po\rell-6t 65...115Vi120 Market-st .... 53% 53*4
Reno TL&L,..IOQ — Presidio 6 fc>4
Sac Elecßyss.K*> — Powder—
SF& N P r.s.lOS 109 California ....125 160
"ierraACnl 6s. — 103 IE Dynamite... «> —
S P of Ar 65.. 103 105^4 Giant Con Co. 4CVi 46H
S r Cal 65.... — 11J jVtgorit 2Mj Z%
SPC Is ci! os.. M ' — Miscellaneous —
S P Br Cs 112% — Al Pac Assn.. 934 94
S V Wat 65...116HU7 Oen I>l Wks..ll" -
S V Wat 45. ..101% — Hana P C 0.... 11^4 —
Stock Gas 68.. — tM IT C& S Co.. 241; 24%
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 5014 SOV4
Contra Costa.. — E3 Mer Xx Assn. M. 1 —
Mnrtn C" f" 1 ' — Vat Vln C 0... — 7
Sprlr.u Valley. 59^ 99'/i Oceanic S Co. SSH 60
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% 2Vi
-ent Gasllpht.los — Pac not C 0....101. ...101 —
Mutual El Co. — 11 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 46% 47'^
M >rning Session.
75 Spring Valley Water 99 EO
SO do do 99 374
250 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 50
."0 do do 24 37M.
MOOO Spring Valley 4s R-mds 102 00
$2000 S F &■ N P Ry Bonds 10S 25
IS Hutchinson S P Co B0 25
5 do do n 3 60 25
Afternoon Session
60 Spring Valley Water ....99 50
1 do do 100 37»A
30 Giant Powder Con 46 25
15 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 37%
7r> do do 24 25
60 do do 24 12%
5 Oakland Gas 47 50
Street—
110 Spring Valley Water 99 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Alaska Packers' Association ..-. 93 75
20 Hutchinson S P Co, s 5 CO 50
Afternoon Session
30 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 00
20 Market-street Railway Co 53 73
J3COO Market-street Ry Co 5s 113 S7Ms
J3COO Spring Valley Water 4s 101 75
J2OOO 8 P R 11 of Arizona 105 37/4
Street—
IT' Hawaiian C & S Co 24 12%
125 do do 24 37%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the Hales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Con Cal & Va.. X 200 Yellow Jacket... 19
200 Sierra Nevada.. 62 200 18
500 Union Con 17 100 17
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alta ..04 700 Gould & Curry.. 10
200 Andes 04 200 Mexican 10
100 Belcher 05 100 Ophlr 22
100 Best & Belcher. 15 200 Potosl 09
100 1C 200 Sierra Nevada.. 54
£00 Chollar 07 100 Union Con 15
400 Con Cal & Va.. 27 100 Yellow Jacket.. 17
200 Crown Point 06
Following were the 6ales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
, Morning Session.
500 Alta 04 1200 Gould & Curry. 10
1200 03 2100 Justice 05
400 Belcher 06 25'ki Mexican 10
TOO Best & Belcher. 17 500 Overman 05
300 Caledonia 17 200 Savage 06
2JOO Con Cal & Va. 32 |SOO Sierra Nevada.. 60
400 83J200 ...... 58
EOO 31 350 Union Con 15
200 30 100 Yellow Jacket... ]!»
200 Crown Point ... OS i ICOO ..: 18
Afternoon Session
700 Andes 05 300 Hale & Norcros. 77
200 Belcher :& 400 Ophlr 23
COO Best & Belcher. 15 350 Potosl 09
300 Caledonia 17 200 08
200 10 500 Savage 01
500 Chollar 07 200 Sierra Nevada.. 57
4f.0 Con Cal & Va.. 29 300 55
300 27|M)0Utah 04
200 Gould & Curry.. 10)200 Yellow Jacket..: 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
I FRIDAY, June 17—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask
Alpha 02: 03 Julia - oi
Alta — 05 Justice. — 05
Andes — 05 K.-ntuck ;. 04 Ofi
Belcher 05 06 Lady Wash ... — 02
i Benton Con ... 04 — Mpxiean ..10 11
Best & Belcher 14 16 Occidental ..... 64 65
j Bullion (2 03 Ophlr „ 22 23
I Caledonia 16 17 Overman \ 05 06
Chollar 06 07 Potocl 08 09
! Challenge Con. — 18 Sav&ge  04 05
Confidence 30 35 Seg Belcher 04 0 ,
Con Cal & Va. 27 2^ Scci-plor. ....../ _ 0 2
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada 5.1 X
Crown Point 06 07 Silver Hill .... — o«
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate _ 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 1501 B5
F.xchequer ..... — 03 Union Con 15 16
Gould ft Curry. 10 11 Utah:: . 02 03
Hole & Norcrs. 75 77 Yellow Jacket. 17 is
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS-ATI-ANTIC STEAMERS
COPENHAGKN-Salled June 17-Stmr Norse
for New York. " '
ANTWTjIU'- -Sailed June 17-Stmr Nederland.
for Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA - Railed June 17 — Stmr
Switzerland, for Antwerp; atmr Bohemia for
Hamburg.
NEW YORK— Railed June 17— Stmr Sy!van!a
for Dunkirk; stmr Mongolian, for G'amrnw
LIVBRPOOp-Bailed June 17-Stmr George,
for New ork.
QI-KKNPTOWN-Salled June 17-Stmr Can
ada, fur Boston Arrived June 17-stmr Waes
land, from f'hiladelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed June v _ stmr
Fuerst Bismarck, for New York Arrived
Juna 18— Stmr Kensington, from New York.
GRAND PARLOR'S
LABORS ENDED
Close of the Session at
Woodland.
INSTALLATION OF OFFICERS
NEW RITUAL ADOPTED, WITH
AMENDMENTS.
Daughters of California Lavish
Their Praise of the Yolo
City's ' Hospital
ity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 17.— The Grand
Parlor, Native Daughters of the Golden
West, to-day adopted Mrs. Guzendorf
er's new ritual, with minor amend
ments. The .hanks of the Native
Daughters' Red Cross Society for a do
nation of $100 from the Grand Lodge
were received. ... resolution thanking
the local and metropolitan press for its
reports of the proceedings and the peo
ple of Woodland for their hearty hos
pitality was passed. An ode written
by Mrs. Lillian Curlie was adopted
and a prize awarded the author.
The grand officers were installed. Re
tiring Grand Piesident Conrad was pre
sented with a diamond ring by Clara
K. Wittenmeyer on behalf of the Grand
Parlor. There was a farewell speech
by the retiring grand president and a
greeting by Grand President Mills and
the session of the Grand Parlor was at
an end.
Last 1 M the new ritual was under I
discussion until nearly midnight. Every
delegate prsent was requested to ex
press her views. They were practically
unanimous in the opinion that the new
ritual was faultless in construction and
beautiful in sentiment. The only ob
jection urged was the great length of
the charges. The fear seemed to be
uppermost in the minds of most of the
delegates that the effect of its adoption !
in its original form would be to dis- |
courage small country par'ors. To-day
the discussion was resumed and after
the ritual had been shortened and
slightly amended it was adopted.
The old ritual was exemplified this j
morning by tl » members of v\*oodland
Parlo.-, Native Daughters of the Golden
West. Ti.e exemplification was beauti
fully done cnO upon its conclusion the
members of tl. Grand Parlor, particu
larly the grand officers, paid many high
and deserved compliments o the mem
bers of Woodland Parlor for their fine
appearance and to the officers especially
for their letter-perfect work. The new
ritual .8 then again exemplified by
the same officer'- as officiate! in the
first exemplification.
The Native Sons gave a complimen
tary ball this evening in honor of the
Gra. 1 Parlor. It was one of the grand
est social events ever held in Wood
land. The company was brilliant and
as large as could be accommodated in
the spacious hall. The decorations were
magnificent and - keeping with other
appointments of the splendid function.
The Native Daughters leave Wood
land well pleased with tl.elr reception
and entertainment here. They are lav
ish in their praise of the hospitality of
the Yolo metropolis.
THE PASSING OF
JOSEPH M. WOOD.
HIS END CAME AFTER A VERY
SHORT ILLNESS.
Deceased Was a Pioneer on the Coast
and One of the Prominc t Law
yers of the State.
The funeral of the late Joseph M. Wood,
who died Thursday afternoon from an at
tack of acute peritonitis, will be held from
St. 'Stephen's Episcopal Church at 12:30
to-day.
Mr. Wood was a pioneer and one of the
best-known lawyers In the State. In '49,
when but a boy of 16. he made the journey
around the Horn with his father. Colonel
William <J. Wood of New York, who took
the journey mainly for his health, and
brought the boy with him aa a compan
ion. When a young: man he took up tho
study of law and his success has amply
attested his ability. From time to time
he has been engaged in many important
cases, and at one time acted as attorney
for the Street Commissioners. Although
always prominent in politics, he has
neither sought nor held public office at
any time. He was a prominent member
of tho Kar Association and the Society
of Pioneers.
The deceased leaves a widow and a
family of grown children, as well as two
sisters in this city— Mrs. John F. Swift
and Mrs. Oorge A. Norrls. He has a
brother .a captain in the regular army,
who was recently stationed at Tampa,
but has since moved with the troops. Up
to the time of his death Mr. Wood was In
good health, and the news of his demise
came as a shock to the many who knew
and loved him.
DEFICIENCY BILL
DULY DEBATED
Interesting Talk in the House Over
the Free Delivery
Service.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The peneral
deficiency bill occupied the attention of
the House to-day. It will probably not
pass the House Vie fore Monday, the ses
sion after 2 o'clock beinp set apart for
eulogies upon the late Senator Harris ot
Tennessee.
Debate was resumed upon the para
graph appropriating $1fi3,000 to supply a
deficiency in the free delivery service of
the Postofflce Department.
Love (D.) of Mississippi criticized the
department for having Incurred expenses
In excess of the appropriations made by
the last bill.
(D.) of New York and Brad
ley (D.) of New York advocated in
creased free delivery, and argrued for
granting the postal authorities discretion
in providing for public needs.
Cannon explained that should the ap
propriation not be made carriers would
be discharged to economize and limit the
expense to the former appropriation.
The paragraph was passed.
During the reading of the bill a rli«*_
cussion arose over a paragraph of minor
interest, incidental to which Ray (R.) of
New York, chairman of the Committee
on Pensions, asserted that more private
pension bills had been passed by the
present Congress than were ever passed
by any preceding Congress within the
same time, and more than the total num
ber passed by the Fifty-second and Fifty
third Congresses combined.
At 5 o'clock the House recessed for the
evening pension session.
FRIENDLINESS OF JAPAN.
Yokohama Steamship Flies English
and American Flags.
SEATTLE, June H.— The Kinshu-maru
arrived last night sixteen days from Yo
kohama.
The Klnshu brings news of the de
struction by fire on May 22 of an old tem
pie known as the Dalnenbutsuji at Hisan
go, Hlgashinan district, Settsu province,
I together with various valuable buildings
aajarent to it. The whole extent of ttie
buildings covered 1869 tsubo. The total
. loss will be 4,000.000 yen. The temple was
j built about isoo years ago. The fire was
caused by a burning lamp coming into
I contact with a mosquito curtain. A fire
j man lost his life.
I Owing to the discovery of a case of
, plague among the Chineso passengers on
I the Pacific Mail steamer Peru, just as sho
I was about to leave Kobe for San Fran
cisco, she was ordered to quarantine for
seven days.
Reflecting the strong opinion in Japan
vi favor of a triple alliance between
Japan, the United States and England,
tho bridge and pilot-house of the Kin-
Bhu wf-ro elaborately decorated with the
ensigns of those countries when she came
j into port.
Read the thrilling story, "How I
Helped Lieutenant Cushing Destroy
the Confederate Ram Albemarle,"
by one of the survivors of that heroic
exploit, in next Sunday's Call.
RAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— I,27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
613 Larkln street; open until 3:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
ICO3 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICE.S.
I GOLDEN Gate Lodge, No. 30, F. and •
i A. M.— Called meeting THIS (SATL'R- __IV_
DAY) EVENING, June IS, at 7:3nlfjr
o'clock. D. 3. Brothers of the U. S. /^V
Army are especially Invited.
OEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
1880— GRAND annual picnic (IS9S) t>
and family reunion of the Ser- iVTf^fr
vlan-Montenegrln Literary and _$&%..,,
Benevolent Society, SUNDAY, '3& t V s'*
JUNE 19, 189S, at California ra2&_Sra
Schuetzen Club Park. San Ra- bIBEHII^J' "
fael. Boats leave Tlburon ferry, WKJfiSh.-/ 1
foot of Market St., at 9:30 and wSSiSHy/
11 a, m. and 1:30 and 3:30 p. m. W^-TO'
Special train will leave park at > v_o» |r
6:30 p. m. Adult's ticket, round
trip. Including admission to the park, EOc;
I children's ticket, round trip, Including ad-
mission to the park, 25c. Grand Tombola,
first prize $30 cash, and over 100 other valu-
able prizes. COMMITTEE.
OFFICERS and members of tho
Servian-Montenegrin L. and B. IVvV.
Society You are hereby re- Qjhjt
quested to meet SUNDAY RBG?w«7>!
MORNING NEXT. June 19. in K&jySHl
your hall. 10 California St., at OftxHiSTiV
7:30 o'clock Fhnrp, to march to- IttfjStß'-'"!
gether to the ferry. By order of «K?a»rW
JOHN GLAVINOVICII, MK??3r
President.
EPI"RO S. VUCOSAVLIEVICII.'
Recording Secretary.
■ REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— Members
; of the picnic committeee are requested to at-
tend a meetintc at Cambrian Hali. 1133 Mis-
sion St., SUNDAY, June 19, at 2 o'clock to
make arrangements for the twelfth annual
picnic to be held at Shell Mound Park, on
SUNDAY, August 7. IS9B.
JOHN SHEA. Chairman.
JOHN MOYNIHAN. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery;
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city o* country.- PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5550.
MISS EVA SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor
baths. llfiA Grant aye., room 17.
! MISS FLOSSIE DAVIS, manicure and mas-
I sage. Room 7, 1211 Market, old No. 1007.
i MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage: assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 1.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. lz.
| opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS VIOLA nURWELL of New Orleans.
baths and manage. HIS Market St., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN. 917 Market St., parlors 11 and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market St., rooms 9 and 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 342 3d.
MISS GREY, 12 Eddy St.. room 7, alcohol and
massage baths; hours 12 m. to 10 p. m.
J MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; genuine
! electric vapor baths. 204 Sutter st.
| ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
I sage. Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk st.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120% Geary st., room 2.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 12OVs Geary st, room 11. •
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. la't Turk and HIS Market, rros. 15-16.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
C. MAYO STEERS. OaiT rt. ; circle* Tues-
day, Bp. m.; Thursday, 2p. m. ; readings, $1.
DIA'IDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Post St. For the half year
ending June 30. IS9S. a dividend has been de-
clared at the rate of three ajid three-quar-
ters (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits
. free of taxes, payable on and after Friday'
July 1, IS9S. GEORGE A. STORY.
*■■ " Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union.-. 632 . California St., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
IS9S, a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday. July 1, ISSS.
LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 56 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market St., on and after
MONDAY. June 20. IS9S. Transfer bookß will
close on TUESDAY. June 14, 1898, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
DANISH house girl, good cook and laundress;
2 yoars' references; city or country; $20. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. .
COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation at
housework; good cook; young and strong; best
references. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook, best of reference,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
REFINED girl wants to x care for children
above 3 years old: good education and willing
to, assist with school work, etc.; small com-
pensation > to start; references exchanged.
BOJ 297, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
washing Ironing or house cleaning by the
day; is willing and obliging. Please call or
address 10'! C Potrero aye.. . near Twenty-third.
STRONG young woman wishes work In a small
i'amlly; good plain cook; . chamberwork or
• cleaning: offices,- preferred; references . If de-
sired. Address or call F. C., 733 Market, r.27.
FRENCH woman wants work by the day,
washing or houeecleaning. ' ' Please call or
address MME. JACQUOT. 342 San Carlos
aye.. bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a situation as
■housekeeper and good seamstress, or take care I
of an invalid; no objections to children. 2222 •
Post Bt. : . r .
WISHES a position In a Catholic family-
wages $10; ■ taking care of children; good
reference. Address 133 Russ st., near Sixth
off Howard. :
LADY wishes situation to assist In family for
.smallremuneration and pleasant home; music
languages; references: country preferred. Ad-
_dress ;■ box 2SS. ; Call office.
BY a young girl, situation to assist In house-
work; small wages. ; Cal! at "iouin; v oi..c.i a
Christian Association. ■■• 1259 ; O'Farreir. St.
GERMAN Indy wishes 'situation as Invalid's
nurse, companion or for traveling; pack-
er. Box 2:>6, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation '.' for general
• and cooking; references. Apply
>,120'/i Clara St., near Fourth. .-." ■_ v \
REFINED •:• middle-aged woman desires posl-
tion; good plain; cook; can give mother's care
to children. Apply i 2301.4 ; Fulton st. :.„.•. '; -,
RELIABLE : middle-aged. woman \ wishes sltua-
.. tlon '■ as working -housekeeper, or : will ; take
care' of ■ house during ! family's • absence; ' best
references.. .Call or address 13158 Ellis st. ,
BY i young woman ;of > buslness\ ability .' and • ex-
; perlence. position In law, real estate or gen-
■; eral office :-AV references. .; Add. box 308, Call.
COMPETENT nurse wants ; place to take care
of ■ young children. Address box 309, ; Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
BY experienced bookkeeper, office position;
best of references; Interview solicited. Ad-
dress A. 8.. box 306, Call.
REFINED young lady would like position as
traveling saleslady or companion; references
exchanged. Box 313, Call.
YOUNG woman wishes light housework, assist
cooking (2 or 3 in family) or would do cham-
ber work and sewing; $12 to $15; references;
no postals. Call 7."1 Laurel aye.
EXPERIENCED lady would like to take care
of furnished house or office building where
honesty and Intelligence are appreciated. 235
Linden aye.
REFINED young woman, studying with pri-
vate teacher, will assist with housework
(good sower and reader) in return for good
home and small compensation. Box 317, Call.
YOUNG strong German woman wishes work;
cooking and plain housework; sleep home.
407 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED Japanese girl wishes to do
housework. Please call or address Christian
Woman's Home, 1307 Larkln st.
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes to do general
housework and cooking; understands some
German cooking; references; $23. 513 McAl-
lister st.
SWEDISH girl would like position to do gen-
eral housework; K>>r.d cook, or will do second
wcrk. A-ldress box "22. Call office.
GERMAN girl would like situation as house-
keeper; city or country. 160 Tehama St., up-
stairs.
COMPETENT young French lady desires posi-
tion as governess, chambermaid or take care
of children; a graduate. Address E. C, 514
Bush st.
YOUNG lady desires position In dental parlors.
Address box 342. Call office.
SITUATION by middle-aged lady; housekeep-
ing or chamberwork. Call afternoons at 564
Stevenson st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
ting and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, with best of refer-
ences, desires situation. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento at.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY _ CO.. 640 Clay Bt.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell Bt. ; tel.' Kast 426.
INDUSTRIOUS Englishman desires work on
gentleman's premises or ranch; care of gar-
'j'-n, nr-ick, repairs, etc.; best references 83
to character and ability. Box 295, Cull office.
YOUNG man, honest and reliable, wishes posi-
tion in wholesale house where there are pros-
pects of advancement; good knowledge of
bookkeeping; references. Box 301, Call office.
WANTED— By young man (German), kitchen
work, assist .In cooking, waiting, saloon or
othe* work; city or country. Address H.
VIELITZ, 632 Mission St., room 19.
BOY of 16 wishes situation In grocery store or
any other business; good references. FRED
BROWN, 106>* Third St., room 24.
BUTCHER, young man, wants work; city or
country; giKid references. Address box 290,
Call office.
POSITION as cook. Institution preferred. 1
Martha place, oft Geary St., between Mason
and Taylor.
BUTCHER, young man 23. desires situation;
has six years' experience: can drive horses.
Address CH. SCHMIDT. 26 Minna st.
CHINESE wants place to do housework, dish-
washing or any work; city or country. WONG
RUNG, 764 Clay st.
PERFECT German bookkeeper, 25. speaking
Spanish, wishes position of any kind. BUR-
MEISTER. 514 Bush st.
INDUSTRIOUS Frenchman wishes position
near city on private place; can milk and tend
horses; handy all-around man; references;
moderate wages. Box 31 L Call office.
SHIP'S surgeon, M.D., 8.C., Cambridge Uni-
versity, England. L.S.A. London. M.D. San
Francisco. 2 years with P. and O. S. S. Co.,
wishes re-engagement on any steamer requir-
ing such of#cer. Box 360. Call office.
NEAT Asian boy wants position In small
family as light houseworker; able to do plain
cooking. Box 327, Call.
YOUNG man wishes situation In grocery or
fruit store; good references; money no ob-
ject. T. R.. 1915H Golden Gate aye.
BOY, 15 years, desires situation; speaks French
and English; best references. 725 Sansome.
CERTIFICATED engineer, used to hoisting,
winding and stationary engines, wants em-
ployment; good testimonials. Address H. F
N., Jos»>4 Howard St.
WAITER wishes situation as Indoor servant or
for private boarding-house: good city ref-
erences; wages $13 to $18. Box 344. Call office.
YOUNG man, as assistant barkeeper, wishes
position in city or country; 2 years' experi-
ence in East. Address box 337, Call office.
BARTENDER wishes position in city or coun-
try: good references. Address A., box 365,
Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at the
Metodlst Gospel Hall, 784 Jackson St., near
Stockton.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third at., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to '
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free j
'bus nnd bajrsrage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
THE books of the Clerks' Mutual Aid and
Protective Association (Incorporated) are
now open for memberships; all cashiers,
stenographers, salesladies and clerks to call I
at 1023 Market St.
ALL lady cashiers, bookkeepers, matrons,
housekeepers, clerks and salesladies. 313 Bush.
ALL waitresses, chambermaids, second girls,
conks wanting positions call 313 Bush st.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper, experienced;
chbek clerk. 313 Bush at.
OFFICE matron and confidential clerk. $40: 3
salesladies: stenographer, law. 313 Bush st.
6 WAITRESSES, different springs. $20 and fare
pail; waitresses, Fresno, Watsonvllle. Vtsalla,
Los Gatos and other country hotels, $20; 6 j
waitresses, city hotels; 4 restaurant wait- |
resses, city, $4, $5 and $6 a week; 3 chamber-
mnifls and wait table, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES, same summer resort, $25 and !
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WAITRESS, country Institution, $25 and found
and washing. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104
Geary st.
LAUNDRESS and chambermaid for a first-
class private family: spend summer at the
lake; $30; see lody at C. R. HANSEN _
CO.'B, 104 Geary st.
REFINED nurse girl, $10^ C. R. HANSEN _
CO.. 104 Geary st.
SWEDISH house girl. 2 In family. $25; house
girl, 2 in family. $25. keep second girl; 25
girls, city and country, $20 to $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish second girl, $20. MISB
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, same hotel, $20, country: 2
waitresses, springs, $20 each; chambermaid
and wait, city, $20; head waitress $20 city
MIPS CULLEN. 325 Slitter st.
NURSE, child 3 years old, $10 per month
MIBB CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
REFINED girl, housework. San Mateo Coun-
<y. $;o per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
REFINED girl or woman, light housework
country, no waah, ranch, $15. MISS CUL-
L.EN, 325 Sutter st ;
RANCH cook, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK, 2 In family, $25. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st.
NEAT girl as companion and do housework
country, $15. MISS CULLEN, 526 Sutter st!
COOK and second girl, same house, $30 and
JKfI^^MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
COOK. $30; boarding-house cook, $25, country
_jTare paid. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, country. $20; middle-aged
woman, small ranch, $20; house girl, $25; Ger-
man house girl, $20; second girl. $15. MRS
NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
YOUNG Rirl to assist In housework, $12; nurse
girl. $10: house girl, $15. light place; hotel
cook. $25: ranch cook, $23. MRS. NORTON
313 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress. $20; 4 waitresses. $20, $25 and i
$5 WM>k; 3 cooks In boarding houses, $23; '
cook, private family, a short distance, $2".;
I French and German second girls. $20; laun-
dress and chambermaid. $23; and a great
many girls for cooking and housework j
F. CROSETT _ CO.. 316 Slitter st.
COOK, private family, country, $30; plain laun-
dress, summer resort, $20; waitress, springs
$20; waitress, country hotel, $20; girls for
housework, country. MURRAY & READY.
634-C36 Clay st.
THREE waitresses for springs, $20; 3 waitress-
es for country hotels, $20. HOTEL OAZETTE
420 Kearny st.
TACTFUL, high-grade woman for assistant
manager In wholesale house; confidential;
permanent position. Experience unnecessary
Boa 291. Call office.
WANTED— A girl to run errands and make
herself cenerally iiceful. Call before 0-30
a. m. MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, 40 Geary
YOUNG girl 17 take care baby and^nake~ner^
self useful; must be willing; good home-
wages $10. 2028 Jackson st '
WANTED—MIddIe-aged woman for housekeen-
lng. small family, $15; references required
C Howard court, near Fourth st-
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Glrls~and ladles to learn "Rood'«
magic scale dress cutting system" complete in
10 1 days; open evenings: good pay. 207 Taylor.
WANTED— GirI for second work: willing to
work; moderate wages; suburb. Box 294, Call.
GIRL for general housework; plain washing;
wages $15. 1512 Bush st. ,; ..
WANTED— Neat girl for light housework In
small family. 1117 Turk st. *•
GIRL to do housework and plain cooking. Call
1320 Pierce St., bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
i WOMAN for housework and help with growing
! children. Apply 579 Harrison st. before 10.
I WANTED— Young Protestant woman for gen-
' eral housework in small family; must be neac
and obliging. Call in afternoon, Sl7 Page st.
GIRL for light housework and to assist witlx
children. 844 Halght St. ■■
GOOD German girl for general housework. 39S
i Hayes st. '
WANTED— Young woman to assist in light
housework; wages $S. 716 Franklin st.
WANTED— GirI to do light housework. Apply
2S2S Twf-nty-fourth st.
1 LEARN dresama ng nnd millinery: position*
free: puttern^ 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlns School. 1079 Market
tit.: perfect fit: no tryln'c on: trlnl free. _
HELP AY ANTED— MALE.
ALASKA — ■ Railroad
See party at our office from 10 a. m. to 2
p. m. to-day, who has Just arrived from
Skaguay, especially to hire —
300 rockmen at $3 a day — >
40 bridge carpenters at $3 00 a day —
for the new railroad — — — — — — — — —
We have secured extremely low
rates by water and rail. Any one wanting fur-
ther particulars, call and see the man from
Skaguay. between 10 and 12 to-day. We chip
on Monday.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. .
104 Geary St., S. F. ■
FOR the woods . —
2 Dolbeer gang men, $60 and board; man for
mill pond, $40 and found; gang edgerman, $40
and board; 5 barkers, $35 and board; 8 lum-
ber pliers. $2S and board; 40 tie-makere, Santa
Cruz County. 6xBxB, redwood ties, 10c, camp
board, $3 00 a week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
4 HAY pitchers, $1 a day and board; 2 stackers
from derrick, $1 a day and board, fare 25c; 5
farmers for orchard work, $20 and board:
milker, $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
18 TEAMSTERS and four scraper holders. $2
for the coast road, free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
80 TWO-HORSE teamsters, $20 and board, free
fare, railroad work. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED diamond drill man who can
set his own diamonds, for a large mining;
company; steady Job. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
STABLEMAN and hostler, mountain stags
company, $25 and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary St.
. CAMP cook, 80 men, $60; camp waiter, $30, for
a railroad camp. C. R. HANSEN & CO., IC4
Geary st.
FRENCH second cook, $70; second cook, family
hotel, $30; night cook, $55; broiler, $50; fry
cook, $40; third cook, $40; third cook. $25 and.
room: cook, small country hotel, $40; city
boarding-house, $35; cook. 15 men In a camp.
$25; oysterman. $30; pantryman, for a resort,
$20; omnibus, $20; 2 third-hand bakers' help-
ers, $25 and $6 and found; baker, $35. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 WAITERS, $40; waiter, $30; waiter, resort,
$25; glass pantryman, $20; extra barkeeper,
$2 50 a day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HAND laundry man, $30; 2 errand boys, this
office. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COMPETENT head waiter, large hotel. C. B,
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary *st.
A MURRAY & READY- -
WANTS TO-DAY
26 gold gravel miners * $2 50 day
96 laborers for mine from $2 50 day
36 laborers for smelters from $2 50 day
36 farm and orchard hands $26 and $20
10 milkers : $30, $25 and $20
2 butter makers $25 and $20
s'choreboys and men $10 and $15 and found '
2 stable men, country and city $35 and $20
165 woodchoppers $1 50 and $1 cord
145 tie makers Be, 9c and 10c each
36 laborers, city Jobs $1 75 day
26 teamsters, city Jobs $1 73 day
384 railroad teamsters $1 70 day
264 railroad laborers- $1 75 day
12 lumber pliers $1 i 0 day
Carload of laborers for a mine $2 60 day
2 boys to learn trades, city Jobs
Harness maker, free fare $35 and found
, MURRAY & READY.
— :—: — : — : ; 634 and 636,C1ay »t.
A— COOKS WAITERS Dishwashers
Camp cook, near city $35 and found
3 hotel cooks, $40 and $35 and found
3 restaurant cooks $9 and $11 week
2 second cooks $S and $9 a week
Third cook for 1 Ires $30 and found
Pastry cook, easy small Job $25 and found
6 waiters, city *->*— $6 and $7 a week
3 hotel waiters, city $20 and $23
2 waiters, country job
5 dishwashers $25. $20 and $15
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A — COOK and wife. $60. country hotel; man as
cook, wife as waitress, plain hotel. MUR-
RAY * READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— DIAMOND driller for a mine. MURRAY
6 READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— WHEELWRIGHT, $2 50 day, country shop.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
Frultfarmer and wife, good home,
$40; 3 more rravel miners. $2 50 day; carrlaga
smith, $3 to $3 50 a day: blacksmith, for mine,
$2 50 a day: carriage painter; milkers, steady
jobs. $25 and $30; laborers, $1 day and board;
butter-maker, steady Job, $30; laundry man,
$12 a week; wood-choppers; bark peelers:
farmers, steady Jobs. $20; choremen and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
GEORGE WHIPPLE, steward, please call J.
F. CROSF-TT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class steward for hotel, south.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Restaurant' cook, country, $35; res-
taurant waiter, country. *35; third hand
baker, $6 a week and found: ranch cook, $15,
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _ CO.,
62S Sncramento st.
WANTED— Waiter, short order house, $35;
waiter, plain hotel, $25; waiter, small coun-
try place. $20; butler, $40: waiter, private
place. $25; cook, $14 a week; cook, boarding
. house, $30; second cook, $7 week: man to milk .
cows, etc., $15; farm hand, $25; choreboy,
private place, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton.
MILKER, city, $30; milker, country, $25; t
milkers, near city, $20 and $22 50; 2 farmers.
$20; choreman, coun^-, $15; cellar man, $26.
R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk, new store; laundry driver;
hotel night clerk. 313 Bush st.
$100 SALARY and share in profits; managing
partner wanted; well-establlsl.ed cash house; !
small Investment; fully secured. Particulars
313 Bush st. t
$600 CASH will purchase a controlling Interest
In a well-«stablishcd cash business; Investi-
gation lnvtted. 313 Bush St.
10 ORDERS for reliable men for first-class
paying positions. 313 Bush st.
MAN and wife for position of trust; wholesala
- house accountant. 313 Bush st.
GENERAL store manager, experienced; coach-
man. $40. 313 Bush st. ;
ALL first-class bookkeepers, stenographers,
. collectors, clerks, salesmen, call 313 Bush st.
ALL hotel heads of departments with good
credentials to call 313 Bush st.
THE books of the Clerks' Mutual Aid and
Protective. Association (Incorporated), are
now open for membership: all bookkeepers,
salesmen, clerks and others interested to call
at 1023 Market st.
COOK, $65; second cook, $35; head waiter. $35;
waiter, $25: man to attend small engine, $15:
country hotels. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420
Kearny st. ■
SECOND butler, $20, country. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. ' .
WANTED— Young man fgr office without ex-
perience, $40 per month; new firm: $100 cash
security. Send full particulars, M., box 175,
Call.
BARBER wanted for Saturday only. Apply at
1006 Mission st.
2 BARBERS, Saturday and Sunday; $3 50. 966
Market st.
BARBER wanted Saturday; also 1 steady, $10
week. 2 Eighth st. ,■. *
BARBER wanted for Saturday: pay $4; pros-
pect of steady Job: 56 Second St.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 2604 Sut-
ter Ft. ■. . . ■ .
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. Twenty-
, second st., near Mission.
WANTED— good coat-makers, also pressman
on pa.its at U. S. Tailor shop. 189 Jessie st.
STRONG boy ' with : experience ! to learn car-
rlage blacksmlthlng; references. 828 Harrison.
WANTED— Experienced person to train a bull
terrier pup. Apply *530 Fell st. '
JEWELERS wanted. I 32S Bush st. >
G249G 249 FourthTt wanted at Berlin Restaurant.
WAITER wanted at 1981 Market st. : l
EXPERIENCED butcher wanted: referent
required. Box 302. Call office. relerences
B^ BE^rHl r rl^r IreVenlng and 8u -HELP WAXTED-Contlnned.
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairs; call ready
for work. 3329 Twenty-third st.
SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing. Call at
8.1 Market st.
yrANTgP— Dlahwaaher at 113 Turk st.
V Kou rr I th :l A bb ° > t0 W ° rk ln * restaurant 129
8 1"!?._P_ man wlth $150 ror cash business";
must be satisfied with $75 per month. : 1021
Market st., room 2.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
nne corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried, men, between the ages of 21 and I
g years, who axe citizens of the United
states, or those who have legally declared! i
their intention to become such; must be of !
Kood character and habits and able to speak '
ivad and write English, and be between 5!
lect 5 inches anil 6 teet In height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office. 20
h-uis St.. San Francisco, Cal.
WA.NTKD— persons in every section to
distribute circulars, samples and tack signs' '
no canvassing; cash paid, WILL A. molton i
IB CO.; Cleveland, Ohio. I
CANVASSER wanted for Saturday; latest war
novelty; something new; a grood seller H
LAWRENSOK, Jeweler. 6 Market Bt. - '
BARBER for Saturday, Sunday and Wednes-
day. 504 Valencia st,
IS SHOEMAKERS on repairing and second-
liana work. .56 Howard st. and 526 Sixth.
BRIGHT boy about to graduate. Apply bet. 3
and 4 p. m.. Carson Glove Co., 35 Market at. t
MEN'S flne calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling. 3jc; only one price. 559 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished tine, large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. »edale House. S3l . Ellis.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno Blouse proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade ln eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13SV4 Eighth st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third at., near
Marl 200 rooms, 20c a night: reading room;
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Fn-e Employm't-Qfflce. S.
FLCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Gr_ot 136.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary seamen for
- Alaska, Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 504 Davis Bt.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 78e and $1
- week. _Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764H Mission,
nien to take rooms; l»v. 15c and 25c per
night; 60e, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market Bt., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a nlpht; $1 a week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
1 ment. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing.
AGENTS "WANTED.
CATALOGUE of war emblems, flags, etc., free. ■
L N CUSHMAN, 34 Oliver St., Boston, Mass.
CLERGYMEN and theological students wanted ;
to act as agents in each locality for the Die-
tlonary of the Bible. Write at once for par- :
tlculars. CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS, 121
Phelan building.' San Francisco.
A \'TP for "Our Naval War With Spain";
pplendidlv Illustrated; only authentic book to
be published: free outfit nnw ready; actqulck. '
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bMg . Chicago.
HOUSES WANTED.
SMALL cottage with basement wanted in the
Mission. .' x 300. Call office. '.-■■/at-
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED rQoms for 2 medical students,
with private family. Cull 1023 Market st.
SUITE of furnished rooms wanted for doctor's
office; central. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— SuRe of 4 furnished rooms for den-
tal parlors; central. Sl3 Bush s*.
FURNISHED room wanted for Eastern par-
ties at once. 313 Bush St.
A PIANIST wants 2 unfurnished rooms in ex-
ehanjee for lessons. Address box 316. Call.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: highest price paid. Tel Davla 71.
WANTED— .MISCELLANEOUS.
ORAWATB dentist --ill exchange work for '
anything useful. Box 326, Call office.
- AMATEUR musicians to join social orchestra. ;
A MATHILY, 523 Bush St. " I
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, letter press, j
coffee mill. Box 345. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 ;
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and ipprove this, method. Prices are the
same as If purchased' for all cash. -Bargains !
ln good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and-
Jp r*r month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
- fctclnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Btx., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. i
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house |
weat of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S, ;
26, .■ and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all :
grades and prices. T«*rms easy; prices low- !
est. Everything possible done to please and i
satisfy the customer.
AS vacation is here, freight being low, 6 car- :
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refu»ed. BEN.I. CURTAZ & '
SON, 16 to 90 O'Farrell St., Chickering agents.
GOOD Emerson, $50; another. $75; an elegant'
' $450 piano, $175: another, $200; quick spot cash
sales. J. DEWING CO., second .floor, .Flood
building. Fourth and Market sts.
CLARK WISE ft CO.. 41 Geary st., cor. Grant :
aye.. offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover agts.
SOHMER ■■• CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs ami other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
SECOND-HAND uprights, $75 to $l$0; agency
famous Haines Bros. W. C. Hamilton, 324 Post, j
$5 INSTALLMENTS, upright piano, fine order,
fBS; Hazelton square, $75. 221 Leavenworth st.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent- at MAUVAIS', 769 Market st. |
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Stelnway,
Neuman, others. rnung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price iweat; uprights,' s7s' up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis Ft. ,
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hibernla Bank. BCHHITZ.
KNABE pianos; new F^ale; new styles.
KOHLER A CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer,. 2 Latham 'place.
CHEAPEST and beat in America— Weekly I
Call. Sent to any address ln the United j
States or Canada one year for $1 60. postage
free. /
.. ' ' HORSES.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 227 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, - 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har- j
ness auction every Tuesday. . 721 Howard Bt.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ADMINISTRATRIX SALE— Two wagons (large
express) 1 buggy, 3 carriages and 10 horses
and harnesses, belonging to the estate of
GIUSEPPE FABBRI, must be sold at once.
Apply 402 Montgomery st. A. REUF, Attor-
ney for Administratrix. _^
20, TBN and four-pa-«senger wagonettes,
leather top hack, physician's coupe and vil-
lage cart suitable for country. O'BRIEN & •
EONS, Golden Gate aye. and Polk St. >
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; aIBO 1 hack. Harrison st.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey an<l wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagons; cheap. Bull s
Head Repository. Fifteenth and Valencia.
SPECIAL of harness and vehicles. Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lay* carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr., !
23 and 40 Eighth at.; telephone Sonth 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S. Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 853-67 Tehama Bt. ; tel. B. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter ut.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor. -
J. __QU_.EN'i Cal. Carpet-Cleanlngr Co., 453
• Stevenson st. ; tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c p*r yard ; relaid at Sc.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning:
Works, 14 Bth st. B. ANT. Tel. Jessie 201
J E MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 8c a yard; tel. Mission 7«.
• 'NKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
SALOON for rent; connected with the leading
" hotel In Sacramento; rent low; fine fixtures; •
everything complete; a rare chance. Call |
WILKE, 543 Market at. . 9
— $600; corner saloon: milkmen' srheadquar-;
ters; kept by owner 10 years and 'guaranteed . j
to clear above. $125 per month; .rent $60. i
WILKE. 845 Market st. '
. $1250— BARROOM • doing a first-class paying I
business and elegantly fitted up; close lo j
Palace Hotel; rent $C 0; a rare .>uslnes« open- j
ing. i_all WILKE, 753 Market st., new num- i
- ber 545. . - •- . . j
$2500— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon In choicest I
down-town location, with building; long
. lease; doing a first-class paying business;
', other engagements' compel owner to sacrifice. i
WILKE. 783 Market st. ■ !
$250— GROCERY and bar; estab. majiy y*ars j
and always doing a flrst-class paying busi-
ness; 4 living rooms; rent $20; a great sacri-
ffce. Particulars, WILKE, 845 Market st.
BAKERY principal street, heart of city;
living rooms; rent $25; baking I>4 barrels flour
daily; all store trade: best offer In this line;
trial given. M. LESS, 765 Market St.
j CORNER grocery and bar; Western Ad-
i dition; 4 -rooms and bath; value in stock and
! fixtures; bis bar trade; can you tell a bar-
gain before you? If so, call LESS. 765 Market.
PARTNER wanted, either lady or gentleman,
to act as cashier In a well paying restaurant;
meals 2Sc up; small capital only. M. : LESS,
765 Market st. .
i $500— SALOON, north Market; great businesi
etreet; big transient and regular trade; large
stock, fine fixtures;. 6 living rooms; own-ir
there S years; other business cause of. sale;
genuine offer. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO. 22H Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
— Drug store; good chance for practical
man.
— Roadhouse: San Bruno road; furniture.
$SoO— Delicacy; fine cornet; with living rooms.
$300— Best shooting gallery; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO _ CO.
A— CIGAR stands from $200 to $500; best part
Market and Kearny. KREDO ; CO.. 22>_
Geary st.
BARGAIN; clg-ar-stand, club room; fine '
location: near Market; good business. BA-
SILE. S73^ Market St.
RESTAURANT for sale or- trade; best
. location in city; doing fine, business. BA-
BILE, 873% Market st.
$250— SALOON ; sacrifice; with 3 furnished
rooms; rent $25 mo. BASILE. 873H Market st.
SALOON with ladles' side rooms;. special bar-
galn. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$250— CIGAR store, with club rooms; bargain
this day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
$300— PARTNER wanted; light business; indoor
•v^work; no. night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given: $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. S Geary st., room 2.
$200— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain, steady
' man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week: trial
; ■ given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
1 room 1 ; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly, for cash, HEALY, 917 Market st.
$300— SALOON near Union Iron Works; 6 rooms;
fine business; best of reasons for selling.
HEALY & CO., 917 Market st.
$700— CORNER grocery and bar; a good bargain.
: $1100; new and second-hand variety store.
$250; saloon in very good location.
$300 and $125; restaurants for sale.
$200; partner wanted in old-established cash
business. ANDERSON & CO.. 777 Market St.
WINE business, producing and dealing; owning
\ vineyard; partner with means by experienced
man to establish safe, profitable business;
references. Box 335, Call office.
' FOR — Carriage woodworking business;
place nicely fitted up for the sale ■of car-
riage material and manufacturing. Call and
investigate. 332 - Thirteenth st.
FINE band of dairy cows must be sold. Includ-
i Ing milk route established ten' years. E. H.
STEELE, 1&12 Bush St.
, $250— PARTNER wanted in good paying busi-
I ness: $15 to $25 a week; trial given; no ex-
perience necessary. 724 1 Market st., room 17.
$300— PARTNER wanted; good paying laundry;
route 2 wagons; clears each $20 to $3o per
•week; no experience ■ required. Box 2SI, Call.
LADY performer wants lady or gentleman
partner with $250. Business, concert hall.
Box 280. Call office. ; '.--
FOR SALE— Grocery and bar; on account of
sickness. Apply Call office.
GRAND chance for man and wife; branch ba-
kery and restaurant; satisfactory reasons for
selling. Apply at 300 Hayes st.
SALOON for sale near the junction of Market
st. ; fine place for man and wife. Apply at 17
Valencia st. ■
CIGAR stand near Call. Examiner and Chron-
! icle; cheap; account other business. 33 Third.
PARTY with $10,000 can buy interest In ex- ;
ceptlonal drug store. Address box 563, Call.
WANTED— purchase a delicacy store;, must
. be In a good location. Box 312, Call office.
WANTED buy country saloon;- price not
above $400; no agents. Box 31S, Call office.
FOR Sale— Shoe store; well established; cheap.
1348 Valencia Bt.
GROCERY and bar cheap; 4 living rooms. Ap-
ply box 303, Call office.
WELL-STOCKED grocery, and bar; old-estab-
lished business; run by owner 6 years; rent
.- cheap. Inquire Call Office. . -
$$00' CASH— cooking and delicatessen
business; trade established; paying well; all
modern; to good cook bonanza. Box 320, Call.
SALOON— Mission st.. corner Thirtieth.
CORNER saloon for sale. Inquire Chicago
Brewery, 1420 Pine et.
BARBER shop for sale in good country town;
good trade; cheap rent. Inquire Call office.
FOR Sale— s4oo; fine candy store and lee cream
parlors; has elegant soda fountain and fix-
tures: clears $75 to $100 monthly; trial given.
Box 333. Call office. •
' PAYING cash milk business; 2 wagons; 2
routes; 3 horses; milk depot;, cheap; owner
leaving town. U. S., box 7, Call, Oakland.
SHOE store and repairing for sale. 4102 Nine-
teenth St., near Castro.
SHOOTING .. gallery and cigar stand, doing
good business, cheap. Call at 815 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Well-stocked stationery, cigar, toy
and news agency store;- bargain; sickness
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTISS &
WELCH. Sansome st. . ./
GOOD paying restaurant for sale. Apply 511
 Castro st. . s . „ <*
I FOR sale— 2 old-estab.lshed groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $12J0. Apply Call office.
I FOR sal*— Call route at San Jose; .for par-
! tlculars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.-
Subscriptions and ads taken.
i —
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^KREDCT&^CO'^^ -22% Geary~st
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
! houses; all sizes; all prices.
Following are a few special bargains:
23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to. $600
38 rooms; worth $2500. for 1300
20 rooms; eunny corner; bargain at $2000.. 1600
20 rooms; rent only $60.... 750
Many large houses from 60 to 600 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st.
DECKER'S BARGAINS.
ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
FOR CASH PAYMENTS OR EXCHANGE.
24 ropms; transient; clears $150 500
25 rooms on Market; clears $100 600
86-room house; 2 fronts; offer wanted.'...'....
4 20-room houses; .from $300 to < 1600
3 50-room houses; from $1400 to 3000
7-room flat on Geary st .250
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. 6th.
ONE of the best lodging houses In Oakland;
entrance on -two streets; excellent transient
trade; 40- rooms; completely furnlshedisrent
very low; newly renovated; for sale as a
•whole for the next six days; If not sold, will
• be sold at auction; account of owner going
to Dawson. Inquire M. MARCUSE, 918
• Broadway. - ■' ■ '•
$009—26 ROOMS, well furnished; all rented; oen-
tral; rent $80 month. BASILE, 873Vs Market.
CENTRAL, nicely furnished;' full* of roomers;
• 16-rm. house: paying. Bhoe store, 250 O'Farrell.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FREIGHT 'GUARANTEED TO DAWSON.
' First-class steamer sailing ' Immediately for
• Bt. Michael with | guaranteed ! river I connec-
t ions; 250 tons space In large or small lots at
reasonable rates; also accommodation for 10
passengers. ' Write or call at- once, Yukon
River Bteamboat Co., room 8, 632 Market st.
WANTED — Klondlkers -to try our ■ condensed
pea soup cake; "Roma"; it Is delicious; keeps
for years; prevents scurvy; It is very cheap;
one plate. 1 cent; send for sample. c 316 Bhot-
weil Bt. - --■■■■ -..-■
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ~
ADVICE • free; no charge ; unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st. ...
ALL private law cases, I insolvency, j collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.
Lf 8 CLARK— Emma Spreckels , bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
ADVICE free on all leeal matters. .T. F.
STACK, 14 McAllister- et., room 04.
PHYSICIANS. ;
DR C C. O' DOXNELL, flea and , residence,
Sb« Market;, dJseases or wojnea % ipaclH&V
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
|25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry:
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth aye. .bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market St.
FOLSOM. 2328— 8 ay-window house. 7 rooms,
bath and laundry; rent $23. f
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
GROYK, SIS, bet. Webster & Fllimore— Sunny
furnished flat; 6 rooms; piano; flower garden:
stable if desired; rent reasonable; references
given & required; call between 10 and 2.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely furni:hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:36 and
4 pm. ____________
COTTAGES TO LET.
GEARY, 2253— Fine cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
cellar; mirrow-top mantels; $13.
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath, base-
ment, yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St.. near
Dolores.
$20— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first Bt.: key at corner grocery-
FLATS TO LET.
A— TEN ""flats -^nlce"" flats near Ca11.. T.. "77^410
A— 6-rooms; bath; 6 Hyde st $25
A— 3oo other flats to choose, at SPECK _
CO.'S. 602 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BOVIE aye., 5, off Eleventh— 3 rooms, hall
and bay-window; cheap to small
ELEGANT new upper sunny flat, 6 rooms;
bath; grand view. 4157 Twentieth St.. near
Castro^
ELEGANT modern upper flat. 7 rooms, bath
and basement; rent $IS. 3028^4 Buchanan st..
near Filbert.
FI.AV steps from City Hall, 2 fine flats, 5 and 6
rooms. 10 Grove st.
FILLMOKE, 113-113&— 2 flats, 4 and 5 clean
rooms and bath^
FULTON, US— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
LEAVENWORTH, 152S— Flat of 5 rooms; hot
and cold water; bath: rent $14.
MARKE r 4— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
McALLISTER. 726— Upper flat 7 rooms, bath;
rent $3". Key at 72S McAllister st.
NINTH, 241— Modern bay-window flat 4 rooms
anil bath: $15.
PAGE— Nice sunny upper flat, 5 rooms; good
view; park; coal or gas; $22. BALDWIN ft
HOWELL.
UPPER flat. E rooms and bath; 3506 Mission
et. : rent $10. Inquire at 31 Twenty-eighth st.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park, aye., $13, $14, $15, $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
$16 PER month: fiat. 724 Harrison St., bet.
Thlnl nnl Fourth.
FURNISHED FLATS.
LOVELY sunny flat; 10 minutes' walk from
Palace Hotel. 92* V; Pine Bt.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLBTT. 134— Two or three furnished rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable.
EDI'Y, 743— 4- room parlor floor; also 4-room top
floor
EDDY. 917— Very desirable front connecting
housekeeping: pay ran>ce; splendid location.
ELLIS, 618—2 housekeeping rooms; $15.
FIFTH, 353— Sunny, clean, 2 parlors, kitchen,
bath, for housekeeping; $20 and $7.
FIRST, 2S — 3 front sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; rent $12 per month.
FOLSOM. S»74— Sunny complete housekeeping
rooms in private family; $1 60 per week up.
GEARY, 656 — Handsome front parlor, suites,
single and double rooms; light housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Bay windows, parlor
floor; 3 rooms; complete; gas range, bath: $20.
HOWARD, 611— Nice sunny front room, with
regular kitchen; complete for housekeeping;
$10 a aoonth.
HOWARD, 1039H— 2 sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, $S; also other rooms.
JKSSIK. 373. near Fifth and Market— House-
keeping funny rooms, private family, $9.
LEAVENWORTH. 1503, near Jackson— slo; S
sunny furnished rooms for housek'ping; bath.
McALLISTER, 340 — 2 sunny front rooms com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; very rea-
sonable.
MINNA, 371. near Fifth— Large sunny back
basement room; water, stove, closets; private
family.
MINNA, 52^—2 unfurnished back rooms.
MISSION, 915 Vs — Housekeeping rooms; also
front suites.
NINTH, 20 — Sunny connecting rooms, stove,
water, pas; $11; bay-window room and
klt'-hen: $9.
SIXTH. 314 — Front bay-window suite, with
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping; $12 mo.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $9 per month.
THIRD, 309— Furnished rooms; complete for
housekeeping; suites, $7; bedroomß. $1 mo.
TURK, 12fi — 2 unfurnished sunny rooms; closet
and water: for housekeeping:: no children.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second St.— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms, $1 a week and up.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT The Randolph, 601 Post, single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished "or" ton-
furnishM single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $6 a month and up.
EIGHTH, 111— Two well-furnished sunny front
rooms; gentlemen.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $3 week.
ELLIS, 62S— Sunny rooms; newly furnished;
single and double; gas and water; $G up.
ELLIS, 637, corner Larkin — Pleasant newly Air-
plHhed rooms; single and double; reasonable;
bath.
FOLSOM, S2O, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; smites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 622— Nice sunny single room, $8
month; also handsome front room; gentlemen.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor, Seventh and Howard-
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE House, S2l Howard— Per night, 250 to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely sunny fur-
nished front room; running water; fire grate;
private family; reasonable.
GROVE, 28— Sunny furnished front room, bath
and grate; also back room; private family.
HOWARD, 835% (New Philadelphia)— All new!
-eunny rooms; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
IVY aye., 809. near Franklin— Nice furnished
front room, grate, $4.
JONES. 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas. water, bath; central.
LINDEN AYE., 331, off Gough— Furnished or
unfurnished room; rent reasonable.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness —
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
McALLISTER. 226 A —Nicely furnished sunny
rooms en suite or single; light housekeeping
allowed.
McALLISTER, 511— Nice large parlor; sunny
slngle room; also I tor housekpg; prl. family.
MINNA, 436— Large sunny furnished front room
for 2 gentlemen or light housekeeping, |6.
mTsSION, 1241—2 furnished rooms? stove;
cheap; for nice quiet party; sunny.
MORRIS aye., 119 — 4 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
MORRIS aye., Hl— B minny rooms ; rent cheap.
O'FARRELL, 126 — Sunny furnished front room;
private family; bath; gas.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POST 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class in every respect MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POLK, 1602— Furnished room; closet, running
water; $5.
POWELL, 317— J handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable!, _
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
SHERMAN Apartment House, -28 Eighth St.. '
near — Furnished and unfurnished. v 4 '
SILVER STATE House, 16-18 Mason Fur- .
nlshed rooms; slngie, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $3; baths; elevator; electric ;
lights; hot and cold water; transients sollc- !
Ited; restaurant. MRS. ■ J. GALE, , Proprietor. '
SIXTH, 227— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
light housekeeping; $S per month. \
SIXTH, Under new management; single |
room and en suite.
SUTTER, • 1148— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
TURK, 126— Nice small pleasant room suitable
for gentleman, $5 per month.
TURK. 639— Nice sunny single and double
rooms ln private family, $6 month, up. . -.-
TURK, Front sunny furnished rooms; $6
up; bath..
ROOMS AJ«D BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything new,
cheerful first-class every , respect ; board op-
tional. The Sirius, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars.
ELLIS, Nicely furnished rooms; best
board; $5 per week. : ■ ■ - : /
HYDE. 299, Salisbury— hands; thor- .
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
flrst-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable. — 5
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4, week.
SUTTER, 767— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
THE ORIEL— With or without board: new, ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market -st.
Euites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly. , ■ ,
VAN NESS, 808— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights; bath; with board; moderate.
~™~ CHILDREN BOARDED.
IN country, fine climate; board and care, near
school, for children; terms $10. Address P. O.
box 24, St. Helena, Napa County, Cal.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; a good
home; references given. Box 196, San Rafael.
LADY would like children to board; good home,
country-like; own cnw. 912 Crescent aye.;
Misslon-st. car, Holly Park.
LADY would like a child to board; mother's
care. 12S^ Ninth at. -
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children
or Infant. 3279 Seventeenth St., near Mission.
JESSIE, J39— Good home for Infant or 1 or 1
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants, to board; a
mother's care: references. 234% Sixth «t.
STORES TO LET.
STORE to let. 226 Ellis st.; rent $15.
~~~ TO LEASE.
TO LET — Academy Hall, corner Mission and
Mary Bts.; remodeled and refurnished. Apply
on the premises or L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay.
OFFICES TO LET.
MASON, 1111. bet. Clay and Washington—
gant sunny newly-furnished front suite; first
floor; suitable for physician or dentist; price
reasonable. -
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium"; while entranced she j
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she j
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove ■ family troubles, restore lost affec-
. tions; unites the separate^ recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, . present i
' and future, while ln a perfect trance. Hours ''
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with j
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 12v6 Market St., opposite Sixth.
A IF you want a lot of Information the best j
clairvoyant and palmist in God's creation Is I
Mrs. Saylor: reads ore, etc.: full' names; la- I
dles, 25c; gents, 60c; mail, $1. ISI9 Market
Bt., near Eleventh. ''
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease,- full life reading; la.
60c, gentssl; palm, andclair. sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market stTI
trance medium; unites the separated; changes
luck; locates burtod treasures; letters prompt- ■
ly answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. LENEMAR; fortunes told by planets;
predicted In '74 overdue steamer on Island.
23H Sixth Bt.
MME. KETCHUM, clairvoyant . and card
reader. . 105 Stockton, st.. room 5.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card j
-, reader: 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 250 up. 6 Fourth Bt.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell Bt.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post Bt.
SPIRITUALISM.
C. MAYO-STEERS — test, business me-
dlum; readings, $L 112^ Oak st.
M. FRANCES, independent' slate writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1; cir. Tues.. Frl., 2 p. m.; Sat. 8; 25c. |
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium, 311 Main; sick- |
ness a specialty; circles Friday. 2 p. m., 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st. '
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402V4 Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
PALMISTRY.
MRS. CHANDLER — Free c lecture Sunday, S
p. m.. 305 Larkin; readings. 353 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 -Poet st. ' Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches; I
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater; summer
term begins this month; for teachers and
students;- 1-5 p. m. dally. MRS MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID, Principal.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market "■ st. ;
• Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; . life .scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course ln Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 672, 866 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. B .Fel-
• low ln • Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton
nr. Ghannlng way. Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING " School ; civil, electrical, mln-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve •
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.'
SHORTHAND taught ln one month; references'
private lessons ; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BARBER fixtures for sale; bargain. Apply to
170 Shipley st. _________Ll_
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. » .- ■ . .
GAS fixtures very low; ' large assortment;" 1
and 2 bowl barber washstandß, cheap. HUF-
■ SCHMIDT.; 623 Golden Gate, ave.-
EXCHANGE— mare for type-
wrlter or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 731
:■ Market St. ■-■' ■'.. . - :-. ... - : . ■-.-
FOR Sale— 2 houses, to be removed. Inquire on
premises on : Jackson, . bet. Taylor, and Jones.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
.at., pawn office. . . .. ..:;.■;
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission. 1
BOILER, engines, tools, -< metals, electrical
. gooda. . WHITE'S, 614-516-618 Mission st. ;
J. R. POOL, house-mover, second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, ; 2d-hand machinery. .- Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPM AN. Fremont _ Howard.
SAFES— New ; and second-hand; cheaper ' than ■
l ever. Hermann Safe Maf a., 633 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains ln new and second-hand; all
slies; half original cost. 109-111 Market,- S. F. ;
GRAPHOPHONEB, $10; Records, $5 per dox.;
3 Projectosoope, . $100. j Bacigalupi, 938-946 Mrkt.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near. Seventh.
SEWING BIACHINRS.
AUTOMATIC, ■ Domestic, - Singer ' and White '.
cheap; repairing guaranteed. ; 1915 Mission ; st.
|3 i MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine . supplies. '■ 145 Sixth; phone Mint ■ 46. '
ALL kinds • bought, X sold, ' exchanged, ; rented;
'repairing! lowest rate» t -^J^ff^t iW ' '
• PERSONALS. .■• ...-■";•. -
JOSEPH HART, who was at the Casiar Mines,
B. C, 1577. send address. P. F. TRIPP,
Santa Rosa, Sonoma County, Cal.
X.— COME Saturday. Sixth and Howard sts. L.
MATRIMONY.
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legitimate matrl- j
monlal assn. west of Chicago; details free.
BUSINESS iERSOSAI.S.
COSTLESS clothes— made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced 1 tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
MY artists give the most careful attention 'to
each and all Who come; hair dressing 25c
only; good switches, $1; best, finest quality,
$3 60; extra heavy, long. $5; open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111, Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in > every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $150 to $8 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry-
LATEST magical novelties, puzzles, conjuring
tricks magic taught. ; MAGICIAN HENRY,
765 Market st. ;
APPLY Quinonia to the roots of the hair. G.
LEDERER. 111 Stockton st. -
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. . 579 Geary st.
MAGICAL performances given for all occasions;
■ magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY, 309 Sixth.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth Bt., Alamcda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L. -
*LEMO3. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth. ■
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO" Ladies~ French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. ■ ,
TYPEWRITERS.
LOT of second-hand Smith Premiers, Reming-
tons, Densmores, Caligraphs and Rem-Shos,
taken as part payment for Oliver typewriters,
will be sold at a bargain during the month.
FRED W. VAUGHAN. & CO., room 9, ro-
tunda Mills building.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgmry.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For the repair of bituminous
rock pavements— Office of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and County
of San Francisco, June 8, 1?98.
In accordance with resolution No. 1242 (fourth
series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the board on MONDAY 'AFTERNOON,
June 20, 189 S. from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for repair-
ing and keeping in good order and condition,
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintendent
of Streets and of the Board of Supervisors, all
streets or portions of streets, including street
crossings and intersections, which are now or
may be hereafter paved with bituminous rock,
for a term of two (2) years -from July 1, 18yS,
to and including June 30, 1900.
The repairs are to be made in strict accord-
ance with specification* on file and open for
inspection in this offlc*.
A list of. streets and street crossings, etc.,
now paved with bituminous rock, and which
will require to be kept in repair, as above
stated, is also on file and open tor Inspection
in this office, and all streets or portions of
streets paved with bituminous rock and accept-- 1
ed by the city and county, are ' included and
must be put In good condition and kept in
thorough repair, . whether they are recited in
said list or not. All streets and street cross-
ings , enumerated in said list must be put in
good repair • and condition within a period of
three months ' from award of contract, and
must be kept In good repair until the expira-
tion of the contract; in addition to all streets
or portions of streets paved wifh bituminous
rock and accepted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of the contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond has been given and is in force for keep-
ing the same in repair; also, those portions of
streets required by law to be kept in repair by
the street railway companies having tracks
thereon.
■ NOTlCE— Bidders must state a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the understanding that monthly payments
will be made therefor" to the extent of one-
twenty-fourth •of the sum bid, on a certificate
from the Superintendent of Streets, approved
by the Board of Supervisors, that the work is
being satisfactorily performed. .* -
' Bidders will also be required to file with
their bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysis and a sample of the bituminous rock to
be used in carrying out and performing the
work under this contract. . ■ " .
And it Is to be distinctly - understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two ($2) dollars per day; also, that the
amount of the bond to be given will not be
less than one-half the amount bid for the per-
formance of this work.
No bid will be received or entertained ' from
any. person, firm or . corporation who does not
own a fully equipped plant sufficient for the
performance of this work. .
The party to whom the conxract Is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notlcs In three daily news-
papers. . .
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award, the board has resolved to re-
ceive no bids unless ' made upon blank forms
prepared . by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five thousand (ssooo> dol-
lars in favor of and made payable to the Clerk
of the board, must be deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned, if the proposal is accepted and
the contract awarded, - and if the bidder shall
fall or neglect to execute a written agreement
and give the bond required within six (6) days
after the award is made, then, and in that
case, the said sum shall be paid Into 'the city
and county treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
dated damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk. ' '
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require. - >
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of th» State
Normal School of San Diego, California no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 10 o'clock
a. m. of June 24, IS9B, for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the . erection and completion of the cen-
• tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building.
Separate proposals will be received and
separate , contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
eary for each of the following parts of said
building, to wit; 1. For the masonry work
Including all brick, . concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and fill-
ing; 2, for the iron work; 3. for the carpenter '
plastering, eleetrlo and glazing work; 4 for
the plumbing and gaa-fitting work; 5, for the
tinning and galvanized iron work; 6. for
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac-
companied with- a bond of such proposer
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
.-"^ned that if his proposal shall he ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
tract. ■; ■ . .
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed In
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustees
State Normal Bchool of Pan Dlepo, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion
of the building Is covered. by the Inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San Diego, California, before
10 o'clock a. m. of June 24, 1898.
Said proposals will b« publicly opened and
contracts based thereon - w.ill be made on
June 24, 1898, at 36 o'clock a. m., at room 35
. Fisher Opera-house block, In San Diego, Cali-
fornia. ■ ■ .
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file with said
board a rood and sufficient bond to ! th*
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and . proper performance ;of
his contract. . ' ' . > .
The plans and specifications of said build-
ing can be seen during business hours at the
office of HebbarH & Gill, architects. Grant
building. San , Diego. : California. f --- ..
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made. ,
State Normal School of San Diego, Cali-
fornia. ..
By W. R. GUY,' President Board Trustees.
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary.
BIDS Wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
• sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at ■ its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.,
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, June 25, : IS9B, and opened imme-
diately thereafter in the presence of bidders,
::. for furnishing and delivering ,, quartermaster
and commissary supplies for the Veterans' :
Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad station
Yountvllle), for the six months ■ commencing
July 1, •■: 1898, and . ending December 31, 1898.
Schedules with ; information and instructions
■ for submitting bids : will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully ■ follow ■- the , conditions ■•• of - the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less it Is In . accordance : with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible ■ banking- • house f or =at least 10 per
cent of the amount of hia bid, payable to J.
C. . Currier, treasurer, " conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a grood : and valid con-
- tract upon ' notice of acceptance as required
by law. -,■■ The board reserves ; the . right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or. under the amount specified. ..
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, -etary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome
Bt.. v San Francisco, Cal. >By order of the
Board of Director*. • - '• •' '
. , J. J.- SCOVILLE, Secretary.
PROPOSALS for disappearing grun • carriages—
Ordnance Office. War " Department. Wash-
lngton, D. C, ■ June S, 1898.— Sealed : porposals,
In duplicate, will be : received ; here until 3
o'clock p. m., July 2, IS9S, ; and then publicly
■ opened, for Bupplylns the Ordnance Depart-
. ment, U. 8. army, -with 19, more or less. 12-
Inch, disappearing grun carriages, L. F., model
1897. Bids will be received for all or for part
•"." of •■-•' foregrolngr. > Information . furnished upon
.application to * BRIGADIER-GENERAL D.
jfc. yLA,ai|E& £Mv £i figipificfc £
CITY REAIi ESTATE.
WILL build for $2200; house of 2 flats, mantles,
; plumbing, gas fixtures, complete. GEORGE
M. SALSBURY, Builder, 521 X St., Sunset
District. •:--■;-;
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. ';
FOR SALE — Large lots: lovely location; low
price. WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD, room 2,
Crocker building. -. - ' •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public; property looked after. >. 814 Broadway.
$3000 TO loan on furniture, pianos, etc.- AL-
DEN-GARFIELD CO., So 2 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; -conservatory; rent cheap: cen-
tral; 589 24th St., nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
■ FRANK. , Oakland Pickle. Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND FL'RMSHED HOUSES.
SUNNY 8-room house; central; nice grounds,
. near trains; rent |50. Box D. Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ARLINGTON . Hotel. Washington and Ninth
sts.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low summer rates.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny tingle room: va-
cant June 1. THK LORNR. 5H2 Eighth Ft.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE a- 1 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 403 Eleventh st.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE ladies' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
■ COTTAGE, 6 rooms: modern; lot 50x110;
clear; will sell or trade San Francisco lots or
house. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
REAL BARGAIN— A nice cottage containing
five rooms and bath; pantry and sink room;
a fine rear porrh; also three finished rooms
in basement; gas and city water; lot 25x130;
title good; 224>> Alameda aye., near Park St.;
will sell at a reasonable price; $1375. Inquire
at LATZKE, the tailor, southwest corner En-
cinal ; and Park sts.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
* location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapin st. .
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
6- ROOM cottage completely furnished; cheap
. to a good tenant. 1206 Ninth st., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Restaurant and boarding house of
11 rooms in Berkeley; close to university; a
fine place for business; rent only $30 per
month. O. G. MAY & CO., Real Estate, 2123
Center St., Berkeley.
I $2200— 8-ROOM house, 1 block from station;. lot
60x137; constantly rented, $22; great bargain.
FREESE & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
place, oppoelte Berkeley Station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.-
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming Imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; jrood road: near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $800 cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN. 153 Third.
TO exchange for improved or unimproved
property in the city or Oakland, a first-class
10-acre ranch In Marin County; all under
cultivation; value $1600. Apply to MRS. M.
K. SMITH, 264 San Carlos avenue.-
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
j monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
I in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no instruments used;
home in confinement; -pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confldenital; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that • restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement; echsult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail ; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
■ st.; pills, $l;.very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
i ventlve; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
! special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fail:
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsules, $1; cure, $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. WINTERS & Dr. Schwartz, 852 Castro cor.
7th, Oakland; reliable practitioners; home in
: confinement; guar"td cure for all. female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
! moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
A BOON to wives and — Seguro; price,
$160; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal. *
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
. OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, CaL
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife: home in confine-
ment; confinement alone, $5. 156 Second st.
i DR. HALL, 9 McAllister St.; diseases of
; women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe reme-
j dies; 38 years' experience. 254VS Fourth st.
i■■' ■ ' ■
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c. crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
" tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists— set of teeth.' $5 up:
• painless extraction; fillings, 25c up; old plates
'made' over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 963 Mis-
sion Bt., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge , for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made : over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK.: genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge • work or teeth
without plate, moved from, 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
I " painless and guaranteed. to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and ■F. TKAIUE,
removed. to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st. • ■
SET of teenth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk St.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in ". the - United
States,' postpaid.*; for $1 50 a year. ■■ . • ■- i
j ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office o£ The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ' ■
LOST.
WE will' pay $15 to any one who will return
>, the Rambler ■ bicycle taken from hallway of
845 Market " st. ~on June ' 16. between 2 and 3
p. m. and no questions asked. R. G. WILKE
'.-.& CO., room 3, 845 Market st. : -
FRIDAY, June 10, gold thimble, : gift :of de-
. ceased parent; reVard. ; 1915 Eddy st.
THE lady "Who | picked up purse •on Sixth-st.
cars will please return to 2703 Mariposa Bt.
and avoid trouble. '. , ' , .'
LOST— Spitz female; answers to name
Nellie. Return to 1438 Howard St., and ra-
.; ceive • reward. V ■- ■ . .■•• •.■:•■,.
LOST— pass book with the Hlbern la Savings
and ' Loan Society -of - San • Francisco, in the
name of EDWARD PALMER, No. '■ 164,194.
The finder will -please, return to bank.
LOST— paBS book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society; of San» Francisco, in - the
name of ANDREW J. HUDSON, No. 155,033.
, The finder, will please return to bank.
' FOUND.
.FfiUlfD-TScotch colUe, 118 Austin -jive*" l^ u _ \
i
MONEY TO LOAN. , .".
HIGHLY respectable; and private place to ob-
tain liberal, advances on diamonds and jew-
elry kt the lowest rates. Baldwin 'Jewiiy
Store, 94S Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land ;or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays; J. • x
NOON ' 1017 to , 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone SoDth 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up; .
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages,- estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgj;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
: gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call. '
■ Want ads and subscriptions taken. .
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loas
Office, 22 Mason St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
STORAGE.
F^fßlMTullirTr^ncsv'el^^ West Stor-
age warehouse. 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and . Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 168. |
«— — — — — i^^— — — — — —
tbGAL NOTICES.
NOTICE to Creditors-Estate " of AMELIA V.
R. PIXLEY. deceased.
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned,
executors of the will of AMELIA V. R. PIX-
LEY, deceased, to the creditors of and all per-
sons having claims against the said deceased,
to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers
within ten months after the first publication Af,
this notice, to the said executors at their office.
No. 2 Montgomery street, city and county, of
San Francisco. State of Califomla.'the same .
being their place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California.
F. D. CURTIS, •
THE UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
Executors of the Will of AMELIA V. R. PIX-
LEY, Deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, June 15. 189 S. '
SIARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Charles A. Merkle and Rosie A. Fu11er.... 32-17
A. Alper and Mac Miller 30-24
Frank Paillet and Mari£_ Palllet 26-22
Dominique Sallou and Germaine Gerber...
Alfred Schmuliam and Edna Lang 24-20
John A. McGuire and Grace F. Harding, 25-22
George G. Fiesler and Janet Prescott 41-42
BIRTHS— MARBIABES— DEATHS. '
Hlrtf., marriage and death notices sent-U'Sy
mall #111 not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be lndorsf-d with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
MARRIED.
MARKS — WETMORE — In this city, June 9,
ISSS, at St. Stephen's Church, by the Rev..
Mr. Lyons, Frederick Marks Jr. and Laura
E. Wetmore.
SHEARER— COX— In this city, June 14, IS9S. .
by the Rev. J. P. Dlckson, Charles D.
Shearer and Clara E. Cox, both of San Fran-
cisco.
DIED.
Bacon, William J. Klause, Irene
Berta, Rachel . , Martin, Aliene I*.
Buckley, Andrew Pangilinai, Joe
Clarke, Emma Spragrue, Louise M.
Crone, Amy Steiner, George
Grote, Sophie A. Wood. Joseph M.
Hinze, John J. «
BACON— this city, June 17, 1898. " William
J., beloved husband of Katie A. Bacon,
father of Ellen, Annie and Millie Bacon, and
son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Robinson,
a native of Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 36 years
and 8 months. (Brooklyn, N. : V., papers
please copy.) . ■
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 11l Castro street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose oT his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock, thence to Na-
tive Sons' Hall. Mason street, where services
will be held, under the auspices of the Letter-
carriers' Mutual Aid Association, commencing .
I at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
BERTA— In Monterey, Rachel Berta, beloved
mother of Mrs. Maria Bazzini and Giovanni
Berta, a native of Switzerland, aged 74 years.
ICT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, .from the residence of
her daughter, 162S Lombard street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BUCKLEY— In this city, June 14, IS9B, An-
drew, beloved son of E. and the late Andrew
Buckley, a native of Ireland, aged 33 years
4 months and 8 days.
(ETFuneral private.
CLARKE— In this city, June 17. IS9S. Emma
Clarke, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
CRONE — In South San Francisco, June 16,
189S, Amy, dearly beloved wife of Harry
Crone, and. mother of Mrs. J. Weber, a na- -.
tive of New Orleans, aged 58 years 1 month
and 12 days. (New Orleans papers please
copy.)
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence,' 1748 Seventeenth avenue,' South San
Francisco, thence to St. Antonia's Church,
Army and Folsom streets, where a . requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:15 o'clock. In,-,,
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GROTE— In this city, June 16. 189S, Sophie A..
daughter of Mrs. E. M. and the late H. F.
Grote, and sister of Frederick, Frank and
Margaret Grote and Mrs. William F. Don-
nelly, a native of San Francisco. - .
IG^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1636 Golden Gate avenue, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 11 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. : ■-• v
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE NO. I— Offloers
and members: You are hereby notified to at-
tend the funeral of our • deceased - member,
Sister Sophie A. Grote, from her late resi- ■'.
dence, 1636 Golden Gate avenue, to-morrow .1
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock. By order of the r :
president, MARY E. CURLEY.
MARY MONAHAN. Rec. Secretary. . }
I YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE— Dear Sisters:
You are hereby notified to attend the funeral
of our beloved Grnnd President, Sophie :< A. O.
Grote. , All members are requested: to as- •<.
semble at hpr late residence, 1636 Golden Gate r :
avenue, at 10:30 o'clock, to-morrow (Sunday). '.
By order of MARY A. NAGLE.
Grand First Vice-President. .."
JOSEPHINE X MOLLOY, Grand Sec.
N. D. G. W.— Buena Vista Parlor No. 68, N. D. |
G. W.: You are hereby requested to attend J •
' the funeral of our sister, Sophie. A. Grote,
from her late I residence, 1636 Golden | Gate
avenue, at J0:30 o'clock, to-morrow (Sunday* .
Services at 11 o'clock in Holy. Cross Church.
R. MURRAY. President.
MRS. H. M. GREENE. Secretary.
HINZE— In this city. June 15, 1898, John J..
beloved and only son of Louis and the late
Ellen Hinze, and nephew of John, Denis and
the late Daniel McCarthy, a native of San -
Francisco.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of 1
Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
between Green and Union. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
KLAUSE— this city, June 17, 1893, Irene, be-
loved daughter of Addle, and the late Amile
Klause, a native of San Francisco, aged 5 .
years 3 months and 28 days.
MARTIN— In this' city, June 17, '1898, " Allen»
■-- Louisa, beloved ■ daughter of John B. and
' Annie Martin, and sister of Leland and Mary
M. Martin, a native of San Francisco, aged
4 years 2 months and 14 days. ' ;
PANGILINAI— In the City and Connty Hospi-
tal, June 17. 1898. Joe Pangilinai, . a native of 5
the Philippine Islands, aged 21 years.
SPRAGUE— In this city, June 16, : 1898, Louis*
M. Sprague, a native of Maine, aged 64 years.
STEINER— In Alameda, June ' 16, 1898. George,
beloved husband of Lina Stelner, father of
Nicholaus, , Jake, Anna, Marie and Lizzie
Steiner, and ' stepfather of George, and ■ EO.
Bauer and Mrs. L. Pape. a native, of ,Ger- .
many, aged 65 years and 7 months.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend » the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, , from his late resi-
dence, 1C46 Central avenue, Alameda. ; : In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
WOOD— ln, this city, June 15, IS9B, at his resi-
dence, 420 Dolores street, Joseph M. "Wood, a
native of New York, aged 65 years and 3 days.
■ (Modesto, : : Cal., and j.'.ew York papers please ...:
copy. . . ' '
,J, J • (C7Frlends • are respectfully invited to at-
' tend ; the funeral services . this - day (Satur- '
day), at 12:30 o'clock, at St. Stephen's Church,
. Fulton street, between Webster and rillmore. ;
Interment private, at Mountain View Ceme-
tery, Oakland. • ..-■■•
MIIIIIIIMW I II II ....i.. ■IWIIWIILJL. .
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, -» I
FCKEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMBB3 I
•iO riTTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Sehaol. - ■ I .
' . '• Telephone. South 80. |
Eetab. ISSS. Tel. South' '47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
.22,-24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE,
Lady assistants. 8paolou» ohapeL for tft« qae '
pf our patrooj. Rubber tires on our ambohuiM,
1314
LAWYERS USE
HEATED WORDS
IN ARGUMENT
Mrs. Gordon Accused
of Blackmailing.
COUNSEL ALSO ATTACKED
CONTESTANT ALLEGED TO HAVE
NO VALID CLAIM.
Her Attorneys, However, State That
She Will Establish Her Case
Without Difficulty.
The atino6phere surrounding the con
tent of Clara Augusta Gordon for a share
of the riches loft by John B. Wilson, an
Oakland capitalist, is getting extremely
tropical, and the bailiff in Judge Troutt's
where a motion in the ea.se was
■ yesterdaj and the day before
expects that before the trial Is ended he
will have the pleasure of separating com
bating lawyer.-. The argument was on a
.i to dismiss the petition of Clara
Augusta Gordon, which asks for the re
tlon of the order made over a year
admitting the last will of the de
ce.u-ed capitalist to probate.
lira. Gordon, on behalf of her children,
who, she claims, are those of John B.
Wilson, seeks to break the will. She. says
often acknowledged that he was
their father and provided for them until
lniiuene.es were brought to bear upon him
nut long before his death, causing him to
neglect them in hts will. She was raar
ried to Wilson by a justice of the peace
vi der the najne of Gordon, she also al
leges, when she was of the opinion that
as a single man, but iater found that
bu( h was not the fact. She also avers
Wilson acknowledged the children
■ Attorney M. C. i hapman of Oak
but In an affidavit filed yesterday he
a that such Is a fact. Chapman in
ffldavit testified that he never knew
Augusta Gordon prior to an occa
sion when she visited him at his office to
consult him regarding her claims against
the Wilson estate. He did not send for
iut she stated that she had called
at the request oi Robert P. Simpson. She
visited him prior to the death of Captain j
Wilson, but be did not inform her, as she !
ptain Wilson had called j
made out a written acknowledgment
of the child, and did not state that he
would compromise the case for her. Mrs.
Gordon never told him that she was will
ing to have the promised, as al
leged, nor did she state to him that "for
ike" (referring to Captain Wilson)
the sake of our children" that she
hat the matter be settled with
out publicity. A day or two following
this meeting Mrs. Gordon again called
and informed him thai Robert F. Simp-
Bon ha.l sent her to his ii hapman's) office
and that she wanted to know what kind
Hi' evidence would be needed to establish
•;st the estate of John E. Wil
son in I>< half of illegi'. tmate children of
n Wilson and h> r^nr. lie told her
■ no claim could be asserted against ;
of Captain Wilson in behalf of |
iless Captain Wilson had
: ■ .: written acknowledgment to the
:..;« the children were his own.
It is averred by Attorneys Thomas F.
Garrity and T. J. Crowley that Wilson
did acknowledge tb< paternity of the
children before Chapman and that Chap
man so stated in the presence of a numbei
of witness* s.
Th< repn senting Mrs. Wilson
alsu say that when the contest comes to '
trial they will have no dinlculty in es
ilng their client's r-,ue. They have
its in their possession from Mrs.
Almira Creeseman and I>rs. Mehrman
an'"; Smith, who were present at the birth
(.■I two "f Mrs. Gordon's children. Mrs.
eman testifies, Attorney Garrity
; the deceased capitalist was
i 1 at the birth of the children and !
fondling them acknowledged their j
paternity. She furtln i I that Cap
tain Wilson jaid her fur her services, and
.-aid that the 1 physicians also ac
knowledge receiving their fees from the
.
litional affidavits, it is thought, will
i with the court to-day, but the!
whole si'.ry will not he known to the I
world until the lips of half a hundred i
witnesses are unsealed at the trial in open
coui ;.
branded a letter written by At-
Henry I. Kowalsky, of counsel for
Mrs. Gordon, to H. A. Mclvin of Oak
land, • ted r.-, the estate,
a.s a blackmail i tt r. The letter in'
ion simply referred to the condition
of Mrs. Gordon and her children, and j
urged that something be done in their be- j
Wright was persistent in his ur- !
:it that wicked and criminal influ- I
were back of the action of the con- I
at, but it vr.is evident from yester
day's proceedings that the court did not
hold the same view of the case. All the ]
morning Colonel Kowalsky argued in be
half of his client, putting forth points ]
In her favor exceot when he would drift \
.•".way In order to thrust sarcastic remarks i
;it Wright, opposing counsel. When At- j
Kowalsky had concluded hta ar
gument on b<-half of his client and I
was about to address the court on I
the letter referred to by oppos
ing counsel as a blackmailing letter he
was interrupted by Judge Troutt, who
■aid :
I have carefully examined the record, Mr. |
Kowalsky, and have oonsiderad the letter writ- j
ten by you In this matter, and It Is my opinion
that you have done rmthlnK wrong. It Is my
Opinion that the lettei Is a proper one and
that counsel was not justified In the Interpre- i
tation which he attempted to give It.
Mr. KowaJaky bowed his appreciation ■
of the view the court took, of the matter ■
and took his seat. He was followed in the i
argument by Attorney T. J. Crowley, who
hotly denounced the "methods employed
by oposing counsel in an attempt to preju- ;
dice the case of Mrs. Gordon." He said
that the only ef.ock in trade In a lawyer's
possession with which he could make his i
livlag was his honor, and that whoever !
accused him of blackmail told a deliber
ate falsehood, and that a deliberate false
hood was a lie. He had not been accused
of blackmail, he continued, but associate
counsel and his client had, and he took it
upon himself to believe that he had been
bo accused by inference. He did not wish
to'use the direct words he would like in
order to vent' his opinion of opposl-.g
counsel's conduct, but if that gentleman
would meet him outside the court room i
he would do so in a manner not soon to be
forgotten. The challenge was not ac
cepted and the bailiff was not called upon
to stop a battle Of fists In the corridors.
The case will be submitted to-day, and in
event the court refuses to grant the mo
tion now before it the case proper will be
tried in the near future.
, It is alleged by Wilson's hel'.H that th*
contestant haa no valid claim and that
the filing of the contest was barred by the
Btatute of limitations and that other Ir
regularities exist. This, however, is dis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SCALP
CURED BY CUTICURA
I was suffering; tortnres from a diseased
scalp. I was scratching my bead from morn-
ing till night. Little pimples broke out all
over my bead. I had no rest. I washed my
head with hot water and Cuttcttka Soap, ana
applied CrjTiounA as a dressing. Now my
head hasn't a pimple on it, and mv hair is
growing splendidly. ADA C. HARRELL,
830 Grand St., Jersey City, N. J.
I thongbt Iwonld go frantic with Itching
scalp humors. I lost considerable of my hair
of which I had an abundance. I trfpri several
remedies, they failed. I tried Cptiouba Soap,
relief immediate, itching completely gone.
Mra.M. JUPAN.24O IlaUlday Bt., Jersey City.
ioldthmo^hont the irorld. Pottkk D. O. Cob*.. Sol* '
rz^-OMtuto. How to Pmduee BAlr, ftt* ..
MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS AT DRILL
The Red Cross Benefit Draws Thousands
to Mechanics' Pavilion.
Mechanics' Pavilion was crowded with patriotic soldiers and citizens last night, the occasion being a
reception to the Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteers for the benefit of the local Red Cross Society.
The volunteers were enthusiastically cheered from the moment they entered the pavilion until the ex
ecution of the last order. The concluding number of the programme was a review by ■ ieneral Merritt of
the United States army.
The Minnesotans are a fine looking body of men and they showed that they have been well drilled. The
setting up exercises, bayonet exercises and various physical exercises with arms showed that they have
much skill. The company drill and guard mounting were loudly applauded and the following programme
was rendered:
Entrance of Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteers, U. S. A., in heavy marching order; setting up exercises.
Company I. Lieutenant Byrnes commanding; bayonet exercise, Company E, Captain Spear; physical exercise
with arms, Company D, Captain Metz; company drill, Company A, Captain McWade; guard mounting, de
tachments from all companies; old officer of the day. Captain Bjornstad; new officer of the day, Captain
Masterman: officer of the guard. Lieutenant C. A. Clark; supernumerary, Lieutenant Mellinger; review by
Major General Merritt, U. S. A.
The receipts of the evening amounted to $627 at the door, though a number of tickets were sold outside
and it is thought these will add considerably to the result.
The pavilion was beautifully decorated, the work being done by F. E. Pratt from purely patriotic mo
tives.
The spectators dispersed shortly after 10 o'clock, feeling that they had beheld a splendid object lesson
of soldierly discipline and that their money had been spent in aid of a noble and patriotic cause.
claimed by the contestant, and in proof of
her claim she points to the issuance of the
citation to the proponents by Judge Slack
on 'March 14 of last year.
Attorney J. A. Wright, for the propo
nents, made a long argument. He was
emphatic in denouncing the claim brought
by Mrs. Gordon and said that it bore the
"ear marks of blackmail."
A NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH.
Archbishop Riordan Will Dedicate
the Church of Corpus Christi
Sunday.
The new Church of Corpus Christi, un
der the care of the Salesian Fathers, will
be dedicated to divine worship by his
Grace the Very Rev. Archbishop Rlordan
on Sunday, June 19, at 10 a, m. His Grace
will be met at the corner of Croke and
Mission streets by Company O, 1... C. C,
and thence escorted to the church. A
large number of prominent clergy, rep
resenting various orders and parishes,
will be present to participate in the sol
emn ceremonifs.
After the dedication his Grace will as
sist at mites and deliver an addrpss. The
mass will be sung by the superior of the
Franciscan order.
The following choir, greatly augmented
for the occasion, has. under the direction
of the organist. Miss Mary Rodgers, pre
pared an especially interesting musical
programme: Sopranos, Misses Mac Reil
ly. Lulu Curtaz, R. Oliva and L. Vlau
tin; tenor, George Oliva; contraltos.
Misses K. Daneri and M. O'Sullivan;
bassos, Messrs. H. M. Swords, Edward
Loughery and Joseph Broyer.
At 4 p. m. there will be vespers and ben
ediction and a sermon by one of the Jes
uit Fathers. The morning choir will as
sist and Mrs. Drobaz-McGlade will sing
the "O Salutaris."
REFEREE PHIL WAND.
The Olympic Athlete Will Enter the
Ring With McKeever and
McConnell.
The managers for pugilists McCnnnell
and McKeever met Groom and Gibbs of
the National Athletic Club last evening,
and quite a lengthy discussion resulted
over the choice of a referee for Tuesday
evening's boxing contest at Woodwards
Pavilion. Phil Wand of the Olympic
Club was finally selected, and among
sports it is considered that a better man
fur the office it would be hard to find.
The betting favors McKeever and Purcell.
The Summer Girl.
Town Talk is out this week with an
other special devoted to the summer girl
and illustrated by types of beautiful ('nli
fornlans—Miss Hager, Miss Gladys Mer
rill, Mrs. John Charles Adams, Miss Min
nie Dyer and Miss Susie Le Count. The
Saunterer talks of this season's summer
girl with her characteristics and there
are storiettes and verses all on the same
! captivating subject. Political possibili
ties are discussed and in Our Opinion
there Is an able dissertation upon the
tariff. *
Waitine for Armor Plates.
Work on the Wisconsin at the Union
Iron Works is almost at a standstill in
consequence of the non-arrival of the
much-<k-slred steel armor plates. The re
sult of this was that about sixty men
Vtrere laid off on last Saturday night, not
that there was nothing for them to do.
but rather that the material that should
have been in the yards six months ago
has not started from the East yet, ai'u
until its arrival the work on the next bat
tleship will have to stop.
In the Divorce Courts.
The marriage of Janet A. Parisen to
George Parisen was annulled on techni
cal grounds by Judgi* Hebbard yesterday.
Alma Donnadieu was granted a divorce
from Henry Donnadieu on the ground of
willful neglect. Mary M. Burnett was
granted a divorce from her husband,
Lamartinl Burnett, on the ground of de
sertion. The application of Esther T.
Poulln for a divorce from Harry P. Pou
lin on the ground of cruelty was granted
by Judge Hebbard.
The Railroad Case.
The railroad case dragged along before
United States Commissioner Heacock yes
terday, the subject being the number and
numbers of box cars owned by the South
ern Pacific Company. The numerical re
cital will be resumed on Monday at 10
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUKE 13, 3898.
DASTARDLY
CRIME OF AN
EX-CONVICT
Paddy Shea Charged
With Assault.
ELIZA GODECKE HIS VICTIM
CHOKED AND BEATEN BECAUSE
SHE RAISED AN OUTCRY.
Her Assailant Taken by Surprise at
His Mother's Ranch in San
Mateo County and Ar
rested.
"Paddy" Shea, an ex-convict and all
around crook. is again in trouble. This
time he is charged with criminal assault
on Eliza Godecke, aged 19 years, who lives
with her mother at 47 Homer street.
Last Thursday afternoon Shea jumped
over the rear fence of the Godecke resi
dence and entering the kitchen found his
helpless victim engaged in washing
dishes. Seizing her arm he attempted to
drag her into an adjoining room. Her
screams attracted the attention of her
mother, who rushed to her assistance.
As she entered the kitchen she was met
by Shea, who threatened to kill her if she
interfered. He then dragged the unfor
tunate girl into the adjoining room and
executed his cowardly purpose.
Yesterday morning Shea's victim, ac
companied by her mother, visited police
headquarters and swore out a warrant for
his arrest, charging him with criminal
assault. Policemen O'Connor and J. F.
Murphy, who are acquainted with Shea,
were given the warrant to serve. They
flrst visited his home, but not finding him
there concluded that he was in hiding. By
dint of inquiry they learned that he had
gone to San Mateo, where his mother has
a ranch. The officers took the first train
for that place and on arriving at the
ranch they espied Shea reading a news
paper. Stealthily approaching him, they
grabbed him before he knew of their
presence.
He was then handcuffed and broug-ht to
this city. Last night he was positively
identified by the girl as the man who had
assaulted her.
The prisoner belongs to the notorious
Shea family, which has given the police
an endless amount of trouble. "Paddy"
was first arrested February 11. 18S1, for
petty larceny, and on a conviction was
sent to the House of Correction for six
months. Shortly after being discharged
he induced an old man named Barney
Carter to accompany him to the dumps
at the foot of Sixth street, where he
knocked him down and robbed him of $45.
He was arrested by Detectives Dillon and
Crockett a short time after the robbery
and formally charged with the crime. On
September 17, ISSI, he was convicted by a
Jury in the Superior Court and sentenced
to twelve years in Folsom.
He was discharged on May 19, 1889, and
shortly afterward was arrested for petty
larceny. On a conviction he was sen
tenced to three months in the County
Jail. In 1892 he was again arrested for
robbery and sent to San Quentin for four
years.
Shea's brother some years ago was shot
and killed by a policeman while resisting
arrest. .
Gladstone, the Man of the Century,
By Walter Besant,
In next Sunday's Call.
Theatrical Employes ±\cnic.
The Theatrical Employes' Union No. 16,
comprising the "men behind the scenes,"
of San Francisco and Oakland will .ho^k
their third annual outing at the Germa
nia Gardens to-morrow (Sunday) after
noon. There will be dancing and out
door games and sports of all kinds for
valuable prizes and the customary good
time usually had by the theatrical peo
ple is expected.
ESCAPED STATE'S PRISON.
S. Stencel Allowed to Plead to a Mis-
demeanor After Conviction oi
a Felony.
S. Stencel, who suffered conviction last
Thursday on a charge of feloniously ob
taining goods under false pretenses, will
not go to the penitentiary for his offense,
and all owing to the fact that the firm
of Murphy, & Co.. which he
swindled, did not wish to see his wife and
babies suffer through his wrongdoings.
Stencel, who conducted a little store at
42 Third street, made a false statement
to Murphy, Grant & Co. of his financial
condition not long ago, and thereby ob
tained unlimited credit. It was but a
short time after he obtained a large bill
of goods thnt he became a bankrupt and
filed a petition in insolvency. He was ar
rested at the Instance of Murphy. Grant
& Co. and vigorously nrosecuted, with the
result that he was convicted of the felony
with which he was charged.
Yesterday morning, when Stencel ap
peared for sentence, a motion for a new
trial was made by his counsel, and Henry
Ach. special prosecuting attorney for
Murphy, Grant & Co., consented. He
stated that sufficient punishment had
been inflicted upon the prisoner in his
conviction alone, and he did not wish to
oppose the motion. At the end of the
argument of counsel Stencel was allowed
to plead guilty to a charge of obtaining
goods under false pretenses under the
value of $10. The charge to which Stencel
pleaded guilty is a misdemeanor, and in
al! probability he will only suffer a few
days' imprisonment instead of years, as
would have been the case had the orig
inal conviction been allowed to stand
against him. The prisoner waived time
as to the passing of sentence, but Judge
Cook was not ready to proceeed. and ad
mitted him to bail in the sum of $20. Bten
cel was ordered to appear in court Mon
day, when sentence will be passed.
The "Sayonara."
The passengers on board the Belglc on
its last trip from China to this port
passed away the time by getting out a
newspaper which they named the Sayon
ara, and which contained interesting
stories by the passengers. Dr. C. P.
Kindleberger, J. C. Evans and Colonel
Loud, who were participants in the battle
of Manila Bay, penned vivid descriptions
of Dewey's great victory. Poetry and
clever stories were contributed and all in
all the paper proved an attractive one.
James L. Flood, the well-known million
aire, was on board and assumed the po
sition of proprietor and publisher. He was
assisted by the following editors: Mrs.
Denby, Mrs. A. Q. Dlckcnson, Mrs. S. S.
Roblson, Miss M. C, Clark, Colonel A. G.
Dickenson, Ralph Phelps Jr., E. J. Bates
and W. R. Sewell.
People Who Like
Bright, sharp and timely reading, local
hits and caustic comments on promi
nent characters, will find them all in
to-day's News Letter. Able editorials,
society happenings, biting ridicule of
men and things we know, interesting
stories. New York g-ossip, dramatic
criticisms and crisp treatment of gen
eral topics make to-day's paper of ex
ceptional interest. Quaint and origi
nal illustrations give point to many
subjects and add to the attractions of
this number. Ten cents at all news
stands.
Arrested at Worship.
Harris Becker has sued Daniel Eisner
and Jule C. Gamage to recover $10,000
damages for false imprisonment. The
plaintiff alleges that on October 6. 1897,
while the defendant was in a place of
worship at 943 Mission street, the defend
ants entered and took him away on a
charge of obtaining money under false
pretenses. The charge was dismissed in
the Police Court and the suit for damages
is the sequel.
Retained the Rents.
Mra. Louise Abrams. 1716 Pacific avenue,
swore to a complaint in Judge Conlan's
court yesterday for the arrest of Wil
liam Healy, a real estate agent, on the
charge of embezzlement. Mrs. Abrams
alleges that Healy collected $37 BO rents
for her and now she cannot find him.
R. A. GRAHAM
ACCUSED OF
EMBEZZLEMENT
Said to Have Taken a
Large Amount.
A SHORTAGE OF $200,000
BEAVER HILL COAL COMPANY
IS THE COMPLAINANT.
It Asks That the Court in Render
ing Its Judgment Direct That
the Defendant Be
Arrested.
An Interesting sequel to a suit filed a
few days ago by J. D. Spreckels Bros. &
Co. against R. A. Graham, iate manager
of the Weaver Hill Coal Company, devel
oped yesterday, wuen a second action
was brought against Graham by the cor
poration he represented. In the suit filed
by J. D. Spreckels Bros. & Co. the plain
tiff seeks to recover $523,162 52 on a prom
issory note dated November 1, 1897, issued '
by Graham and secured by 10,001 shares j
of the capital stock of the Coos Bay, j
Roseburg and Eastern Railroad and Nay- !
igation Company; 620 bonds of various de- j
nominations of that corporation, and j
many lots In the Railroad addition to \
Marshfleld, Or.
The suit Is purely of a civil nature, but
has a bearing on the action instigated
yesterday by the Beaver Hill Coal Com
pany, which directly charges the defend
ant with embezzlement, and after recit
ing its prayer asking for judgment in the
sum of $200,000 with interest, it asks that
the judgment declare that the amount
was embezzled, fraudulently misappro
priated and converted by the defendant
to his own use while the general manager
and agent of the plaintiff; and that the
judgment further direct that the defend
ant be arrested and that execution issue
against his person.
It is asserted in the complaint that Gra
ham became the • company's iigent at
Murshfield, Or., in May, 1895, which posi
tion of trust he held "until December 15,
1897. He conducted the business of the
corporation at that city, and among Us
duties it was required of him to obtain
from J. D. Spreckels Bros. & Co. each
month sufficient funds to carry on the
business and development work of the
coal company under an arrangement en
tered into between the two corporations.
Through requisitions, it is alleged, Gra
ham drew from J. D. Spreckels Bros. &
Co. up to last March (467,029 20. and
through other sources received money ag
gregating about $100,f>00.
In December, when Graham'^ connec
tions with the coal company were severed,
he was ordered to turn over the property
and money in his charge, but contrary to
expectations he only surrendered JI4S6 14.
The books of the corporation he kept
until January 22 last, when he turned
them over to the company's agents. They
showed that all the money received had
been expended excepting the sum he gave
up when he ceased to be the corporation's
agent. These books, however, the com
plaint filed yesterday alleges do not truth
fully state the transactions of the plaint
iff's business: that they have been tam
pered with; that Graham has appropriat
ed to his own use moneys to the^ amount
of $200,000 and has willfully falsified the
accounts to cover up his peculations.
In support of these allegations many en
tries on the books are quoted as sums
purporting to have been paid out by Gra
ham in conducting the company's busi
ness, but which entries are known to be
fraudulent. One of the largest entries
claimed to be false is one for $30,000. It
was made on the books October 31, 1597,
and credited Graham with that amount
for logs sold by him to the plaintiff.
False entries for labor and material, it
is averred, have also been discovered by
the experts of the company retained to
investigate the books turned over by
Graham, and it is alleged that he is re
sponsible for them all and in consequence i
has become criminally the creditor of the
Beaver Hill Coal Company in the sum ',
j stated, $200,000.
jWILL MEET IN CONVENTION.
Anti-Civil Service League Agrees on
June 29 as the Day for
Holding Their Session.
Twenty members of the Anti-Civil
Service league met in committee in B'nai
±> rith Hall last evening and definitely de
cided to hold a convention on Jiine 29.
After passing the following resolution,
it was agreed that the committee meet
on Tuesday and Friday evenings until
the day of the convention:
Resolved, That we suggest to the State con
vention of this league the appointment of a
standing committee to prepare and present to
the Congress of the United States on behalf of
the State League In California a bill repealing
the so-called civil service law and abolishing
life tenure in public office, and that the con
vention declare that the league will expect the
support of the congressional candidates and
members of the State Legislature In Its efforts
to secure the repeal of said law.
Mrs. Addie Ij. Ballou was added to the
executive committee, and headquarters
were established in P. B. Gallagher's
office iii the Columbian building. The fol
lowing call was issued:
The Anti-Civil Serviae League, after due
consideration, hereby issues this call for a.
State convention to complete the organization
Of a State League for California, and take steps
to affiliate with the National Anti-Civil Serv
ice League; to elect State officers and a State
executive committee: adopt a constitution and
by-laws; putllne a plan of action during the
coming political campaign; receive reports of
district and county organizers and present
State officers, and to transact such other and
further business as may be brought before l».
The convention will be composed of delegates
and representatives appointed by all anti-civil
service leagues and clubs throughout Califor
nia, and all clubs of political parties opposed
to the so-called civil service dogma, and of the
officers of such organizations, also all persons
opposed to life tenure In public office. No limit
shall be placed on the number who desire to
participate and co-operate In the work of the
convention and the league, and no assessment
shall be levied on the members and delegates.
The convention Is called to meet in Pan Fran
cisco on Wednesday, June 29, IS9B, at an hour
and place of meeting to be announced two days
previously.
SUES FOR A PERMIT.
Case of the Mutual Electric Light
Company Against the Super
visors.
Whether or not the Board of Super
visors Illegally refused the Mutual Elec
tric Light Company permission to erect
poles for hanging lights outside certain
limits will be decided in a few days by
Judge Seawell.
Some time ago the plaintiff corporation
applied to the city fathers for permission
to erect the poles, but it was refused.
The corporation did not ask for a fran
chise, simply a permit, and was at a loss
to understand the -refusal of its request.
Mandamus proceedings were commenced
in consequence to compel the board to is
sue the permit. The case was argued yes
terday before Judge Seawell and submit
ted for the consideration of the court.
Wanted for Betrayal.
Sybil Murphy, 911 Valencia street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Low's
court yesterday for the arrest of Ed
ward J. Chase, a pugilist, on the charge
of betrayal under promise of marriage.
He refuses to marry her.
CASTOR I A
For Infants and Children,
Th»fro- . yg
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ■ . ■ ■ - . . . i
attractions
for to=day.
/Hove/ties in gloves.
Special items in flowers and millinery.
Dallas muslin 6c yard.
Show of trunks, grips, hammocks.
Grand concert 2 to 5 p. m.
Store closes 6 p. m.
PROGRAM :
FkuukAlYi :
PART I. PART 11.
1. March, "E. A. C." Fest 7 - Trombone solo, "The Holy Clt m 9
2. Gavotte, "Fairest' Maiden" Czibulka Soloist, " Mr. L.'kVotz."
8. Overture, "Raymond" Thomas 3. Waltz, "On the Beautiful Rhine"..
4. Waltz, "GlrTs Son s" JunKman g _ ..sounds* F^riheMi^sippr?!*.. 561 *
5. Selection, "Robin Hood" De Koven .-.. Stelnmark
Introducing the popular melodies of this < ' <A Negro Shuffle.)
„,*,- 10. Selection, "Mikado" Sullivan
opera - 11. "Rainbow Dance" Roeey,
8. Two popular songs, of to-day— (a) "He's (A beautiful composition by the composer
a Porter on the Empire State," Mer- • ,T, T °_ f 1 0neym0 O1 ? M rch ) „„,
i ... ., . t ., Vi  12. March, "Bonny Brier Bush" Ellis
rltt; (b) "Mammy s Little Pumkia (Introducing "Annie Laurie.")
Colored Coons." Witt. "THB STAR SPANGLED BANNER."
glove dep't.
: AISLE NO. I. t
t Misses' 2-clasp embroidered back kid gloves, colors red, blue, green,
tan and brown, sizes A\ to 61, warranted and fitted $1.00
Ladies' 2-clasp embroidered back pique walking glove, in red, blue,
tan, brown, mode, royal, slate, pearl, champagne, white and
black $1.00
Ladies' 2-clasp embroidered back overseam kid gloves, in red, navy,
tan, brown, suede, royal, slate, pearl, champagne, white and
black, sizes 5£ to I\, warranted and fitted to the hand . $1.00
Hte Jouvin kid glove, 3-clasp or 4-button. . . . .~'. € $1.50
millinery dep't.
AiSLE NO. 4.
Special display of new creations in trimmed hats ; American Beauty
h roses, rosebuds and leaves 15c bunch
Sweet peas, of six sprays each 10c bunch
Fine Leghorn flats for ladies' or children's sun hats. 25c
Fourteen assistants in our millinery workroom to make up headwear
any way your fancy may dictate ; charges most moderate.
domestic dep't.
Dallas muslin, bleached, fine quality 6c yard
cloak dep't.
AISLE NO. 3, REAR.
300 ladies' shirt waists in fancy designs and good calico, standing
collars, sizes 32 to 42. See window display. 39c
4 Better grade, laundered collars and cuffs 50c
Ladies' separate skirts, in mixtures of green, blue and brown, lined
with percaiine and bound with velvet $1.79
Ladies' black figured alpaca skirts, all lengths *. .$2.00
On Thursday evening last at the Columbia Theater' the orchestra
played "Hail Columbia," and a sailor in full United States naval attire
reverently stood up and bared his head. He fully realized the depth
of pathos in that soul-stirring hymn. He stood alone in that theater.
Hole's stand alone in the dry-goods business.
"San Francisco's most progressive dry-goods house."
937 939=94i = 943 945 = 947 Market Street.
SPECIAL TRIP
nbV stanch STEAMER
BRUNSWICK,
SAILING JUNE 39, 1898,
Waking direct communication at St. Michael ,
with our elegant river steamer . •
L-EON.
Only a limited number of passengers taken.
Also, Bailing of the steamship
LEELANAU/
JULY 23, 1398.
Apply at once to
The Alaska Exploration Co., |
Liebes Building, 139 Post Street,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
THE STEAMER
HUMBOLDT
Will Be Dispatched for
ST. MICHAELS
And * All Points on the Yukon River
and Connecting at St. Michaels
for KOTZEBUE SOUND,
MONDAY, JUNE 20th, at 4 P. M.,
From the Washington-Street Wharf.
The Hurnboldt will positively sail at the
t : m • «nentioneti.
STEAMER "HUMBOLDT,"
Johnson 'Locke Mercantile Company,
■ .; Freight and Passenjjer Agents. *-
609 Market Street.
DR.MCNULIT.
"7,' ELL KNOWN AND RKLIABLE Ol.ti
.' Specialist rum; Prlvatc.Nervons.BloodHiid Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 rears' "xpcrience. Bend /or Book, free. , Patients
cored at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours; 9 to 8
tittily;6:;» toB.3oe^'arn. Sur.dnys, 10tol2. Onsulta-
Uoufree aud sacredly coofldeutlaL . rail or address
' ■». BASCOE ncKVLTT, M. 1».. '""
BO.^KoarnT Ktreot. »i&u t'rauciM*. CNtl
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
: ARCTIC .; sleds, Arctic : doss. Youkon boats,
pilot traps to the Klondike, Alaakt outfits,
•team launches and Btern- steameru, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; SO boats can be
seen at salesroom, a. W. KNEABB, 718 Third
[Pf. v'Fhoa* lied 2861. .- " " ••<£,•»!
The Weekly Call.
o{ It Publishes the Cream of th«
News of the Week and
o^ MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©( ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°( IT IS THE BRST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THE
-J PACIFIC COAST
C< ' \ /—-3/ — -
3 The Best \ S Minicg
j Telegraphic \j/ News That
°\ Service on /N. Is Accurate
©< The Coast / \& up to
o| / \
c<
o( Not a Line of it Sensational
cJ or Faky, and Not a Line of
IJ it Dry or Uninteresting.
O< Bright, Clean, I A Champ ot
J TbouKbtful. Truth.
o) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ■-:■:■ ALL THE TIME.
Z) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
n HOME MAIL, 51.59
! O( INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
1 A PERMANENT CURE I
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea < '
i ' and Gleet, trnaranteed in from 3 to 6<!
1 1 r daya ; no other treatment required. ' ,
% . , t - ■ Sold by all druggists. J >
» HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Plmplea, Copper- 1&
lColore;l bpota. Aches, Old Sores, Dicers H
■in Mouth, Hair-Falling f Write COOK BEM- ffl
JEDYCO., -'13 MASONIC -TEMPLE, CHI- 9
P CAGO, '; ILL., for proofs '■ ol cures. Capital S
m KOQ.uuO. a Worst caaea cureU iv 15 to 35 a»ya. H
J 100-page boon free. ■ @
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I^EAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—RH-
' *». m deled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to U£o day
»o to $» week, $8 to |30 montU. Fre« bath»; hot
■ and oola water ©very room; flr» grates In ever*
I room; rto^ot run» l^^ifhU " .. ™