VOLUME LXXXm.-XO. 58.
THE FRATRICIDE
FEARS THE TRIP
TO ST. HELENA
DREADS THE
VIOLENCE
OF 1 MOB
Napa County Officers
Divided as to the
Danger.
Sheriff Does Not Propose
to Be Caught Off
His Guard.
Will Have Plenty of Deputies
and All of Them Well
Armed.
CLARK PLEADS TO-DAY.
In the Justice Court He Will Deny
<~,uilt of His Brother's
Blood.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KAPA, CaL, .Tan. 26.— T0-day has
been a busy day for hoth the prosecu
tion and the defense in the Clark case.
District Attorney Bell and Marshal
Johnson have spent the day over in
pope Valley hunting up evidence per
taining to the life of the Clarks years
Bgo.
Sheriff MoKenzie is taking all pos
sible precautions to prevent th^ mur
derer falling into the hands of a mob
should the St. Helenans be afflicted
with a relapse of the lynching fever,
v.-hich raged violently in the little town
Bix or eight years ago. This evening
the Sheriff received a message from St.
Helena advising him that the feeling
against Clark there is at euch a pitch
as to make a guard for the murderer
absolutely necessary. Two deputies
•will be seated in the team that takes
Murderer Clark's Clumsy Attempt to Manufacture Evidence
in Advance.
the Sheriff and the murderer cm their
early morning drive from here up in the
teeth of the north wind to St. Helena-
There is a possibility also of an extra
load of officers accompanying them,
and still other deputies will meet the
team upon its arrival.
The prisoner's attorney left for St.
Helena on to-night's train that he
might in person go over the few blocks
of territory whioh have been dia
gramed and searched and studied. It
was suggested to Attorney Hogan that
a body guard for himself might be a
proper precaution, for the reason that
St. Helena folk might visit their dis
pleasure upnn any man who would un
dertake the defense of such a creature
as Clark.
The lawyer shouted with indignation:
"I'll take a shotgun with me. That's
what I'll do."
However, there is evidently a decided
difference of opinion as to the state of
St. Helena's pulse, and peace officers,
, "who are the doctors in the case, cannot
agree. District Attorney Bell tele
phoned down -from St. Helena to-night
to The Call correspondent that all
lynching talk is nonsense; that Sheriff
McKenzie Is completely mistaken in
his diagnosis of St. Helena's case; that
the patient is sane and healthy and
thoroughly cured of the old lawless
malady, and, furthermore, that she re
ppnts being called a mob-sick town,
when she Is peaceable, respectable and
law-abiding as she was not once upon
en old and ought to be forgotten time.
Clark grows uneasy as the time ap
proaches for him to face the people of
Si. Helena with his plea of not guilty.
He decided not to attend the Inquest
upon his murdered brother when th»
Sheriff warnod him of the uncertain
temper of his townspeople, but to-mor
row's trip is not a question of Clark's
inclination. Then, too, he has heard
no word in answer to his telegram to
his father, and as each hour that passes
Isolates him more completely from hu
man sympathy he become a more an(l
more pitiable spoetaclo, with his wor- :
ried, unshaven face and troubled dark
eyes beneath their queer-shaped brows.
Of late he has not askod for minis
terial consolation. He says religious
people "have gone back" on him.
There are on file in St. Helena twen
ty-flve affidavits from residents of St
Helena and Pope Vali ey affirming
George Clark's sanity. The prosecu
tion is preparing to meet that defense
Deputy Sheriff Rednall of St. Helena !
| luotes Clark's declaration to him that
imong the murderer's other virtues he
3oesn't drink or smoke, there has been
HO instance of temporary abberation
in his life, and, as he says, he has al
ways had his wits about him. It would
be interesting to know Just what
The San Francisco Call
CLARK'S FIRST CONFESSION.
NAPA, Jan. 26.— 1t has come to light that Murderer Clark practi
cally confessed his guilt to the Salvation Army Sunday afternoon. To a
Call representative this evening Captain W. A. Vandyke, of the
local corps, said: "At 5:30 Sunday afternoon myself. Lieutenant E.
E. Kailley and a few lassies held service in the cell with Clark.
We all got on our knees. Clark was very much unnerved, but he
seemed happy in our companionship, and, knowing us to be Chris
tians and true friends, became exceedingly confidential. He appeared
to form a particular attachment for me and gave me words unso
licited that led me to believe him guilty.
"T said to him: 'Now, Brother Clark, don't tell anything that
is other than truthful. If you are a Christian you will not speak
falsely, no matter whether it damages you or not.'
"He replied that h*» would tell the truth and nothing but the
truth. Then he started in to admit that he had murdered his
brother, and had made a partial confession when Jailer Kennedy en
tered the cell. Immediately he stopped and I did not ask him to go
on. Then I asked him to pray and he complied. Imagine my sur
prise when he told the Lord he was an Innocent man. I said noth
ing when he contradicted in prayer, nor have I nor any of the army
spoken of the matter for publication until now. lam positive that
had the jailer remained away a few minutes longer Clark would
have made a complete confession to me."
OJeorge Clark dignifies as "wits." A man
who has no more caution than to dis
pose of an incriminating bottle which
has contained strychnine used in a
double attempt to poison his brother
by throwing it into a bush only ten
f>et from his cabin door had better
forswear the difficult profession of
murderer and take to lecturing upon
"Easy Ways to Be Found Out."
The prosecution, though, is not in
clined to belittle Clark's mental en
dowment. They claim that there's too
much method in this man's madness,
only they don't believe it is madness.
They think his sending that printed
anonymous letter to himself through
the postoffice with its warning that his
life was in danger, to account for his
buying a pistol, is too deliberately
planned an act to be classed as insane,
and they emphasize the fact that the
letter was sent unstamped so that
postage might be collected and so
make its receipt by Clark noteworthy.
They instance the murderer's calling
at his brothers house two and three
times daily after each attempt at pois
oning as the cruel, cold blooded malig
nance of a snake anxious to note
whether its victim still lives.
In answer to the threat of the de-
fense that the confession will never be
admitted in a "ourt it is the prosecu
tion's claim that they possess enough
circumstantial evidence to hang Clark
anyway.
The preliminary examination which
takes place Thursday morning Is to be
the event of the year at St. Helena.
As Justice Chirm's court room will ac
commodate but fifty people, the Jus
tice has offered District Attorney Bell
the use of Turner's Hall, that all St.
Helena and half the population of the
surrounding towns may witness the
spectacle of weak, miserable, cowardly,
Fac-Slmile of Letter in Which Fratricide Clark Attempts to Make
It Appear That His Brother Committed Suicide.
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1898.
i cruel George Clark being arraigned
and held for trial for the murder of his
: own brother.
r^ —
CIVIL SERVICE
WAR NOW ON
Chief Examiner Bailey Scores
the President of the
Commission.
In Return He Receives a Rather Se
vere Cnstigatlon at His Chiefs
Hands.
Special Plupatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON', Jan. Rev. E. D.
Bailey, chief examiner of the Civil Serv
ice Commission, submitted some sensa- ;
tional testimony at to-days session of
the Renate Civil Service Investigating
Committee. It was a sequel to the
charges he made on Monday of intimi
dation and interference by the commis
sion with his testimony.
He called attention to the bitter at
tack made on him by President Proctor
of the commission, and read a letter he
had addressed to Theodore Roosevelt,
the New York Police Commissioner, se
verely criticizing the commission.
President Proctor made a statement to
the commission regarding the charges
that he and the commission had sought
to intimidate witness Bailey. He said
that when he had spoken to Mr. Bailey
and told him that hitherto no one had
been subpenaed by the chairman of the
committee except those who were antag
onistic to the committee, he had in his
possession a duplicate copy of the com
munication to Mr. Roosevelt, submitted
to-day. It was furnished him by a
Linlted States Senator, and he did " not
know its author until the first testimony
of Mr. Bailey, when he suspected him. He
had known for some time that the paper
had been passed among Senators and
made the basis of an attack on the civil
service. He told Mr. Bailey that he sup
posed the latter had been subpenaed at
the instance of some Senator who had
Been the paper and that after the com
plaints were all in he would ask the com
mission to summon people who had long
experience in important positions in rela- ;
tion to the operation of the civil service
He had stated that he wished any one
having a knowledge of wrongdoing in the
commission would state all the facts, but
there was a line to be drawn between
that and a subordinate criticizing the ad
ministration of the commission and the
President and making suggestions.
LOS ANGELES
IS AROUSED
IN DEFENSE
A Great Water Mass-
Meeting to Be
Held.
The Recalcitrant Public
Servants Will Be
Called to Time.
Now Will Come the Punish
ment of Those Who Be
trayed the People.
SUBSIDIZED PRESS SCORED.
Never Has There Been Such an
Awakening in the Southern
Metropolis.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26.— 0n Satur
day evening the citizens of Los Ange
les will assemble in mass-meeting for
the purpose of receiving information
and instruction on the water question,
and to take such action as may seem
to them me<'t after they have had the
facts laid before them by the able gen
tleman who have accepted Invitations
to address the meeting.
The fart that the people of Los Ange
les have not been able to secure Infor
mation as to the water fight through
local newspaper channels, nwln? to the
policy of the throe syndicated dallies to
give-only such intelligence as Is In the
interest of the water monopoly and its
efforts t" defeat municipal ownership,
has rendered th^ callinc of the mass
meeting Imperative. The syndicated
dallies were puttinsr forth their every
effort to keep the people In ignorance
as to the real facts of the situation, by
misrepresenting tru^ friends of muni
cipal ownership to a marked depree.
But The Call entered the field and
laid bare the nefarious plot in all of Its
details, and the result has been a great
awakening:. The people are now up In
arms against the syndicate press, and
they, are In the field to> B<»e to: It that
the public servants -whom they elected
In December, 1896. proceed to carry out
their ante-election p>dges without fur
ther unreasonable delay.
As an evidence of the fact that the
populace 1s aroused It Is only neces
sary to refer to the mass meeting
which is going to bring forth an ex
pression from the men who represent
the bone and Binew of the city. Mayor
M. P. Snyder will deliver an address
In which he will take occasion to in
form the public p.p tr. his position In the
matter. This the lo<"al syndicate press
has never stated. Oouncilmon L. M.
Grider and E. L. Hutchison will also
tell briefly of the struggle they have
made In the Council to carry out their
pledges and of the difficulties th^y have
met with at the hands of the tools of
the corporation who are ensconced in
public office, and Judge C. <". Wright,
the author of the Wright irrigation act.
will speak, as will also F. H. Gill, the
president of the Los Angola County
Council of Labor: Ernest Abs Haeen.
the civil engineer: M. W. Conkling,
Proft-ss-or W. C Bowman, Milton Carl
son and others.
The programme is to have short,
pointed addresses, sr. that every citizen
who is present in the hall, after he
hears a full, fair and complete exposi
tion of the water issue, can go forth
as a lecturer and inform his brethren
of the course to be pursued in this mat
ter, which is to his interest and for the
benefit of the whole people.
Thus will the great work The Call
has undertaken to secure for the people
of this city possession and control of
their water plant and to protect them
from any $2,000,000 steal and from an
extension of the monopoly's franchise
he assisted. The meeting Is to be abso
lutely non-partisan in its character. It
is for the sole purpose of discussing
the water question and no other issue
will be permitted to come up. Music
Hall, on South Spring street, has been
selected as the place of meeting.
The Log Angeles Times has, by si
lence, pleaded g-ullty to the charge
made against It by The Call of purposely
and intentionally deceiving the people
as to the water company's plant in a
page article appearing in its midwin
ter number. The paper, at that time,
s<_' forth an alleged map of a portion
of the company's system which was a
lie and a fraud upon the reading public.
It depicted mains which in size are not
In the positions Indicated In the alleged
map, and generally showed a system
which has never been built, but which
is a reproduction of a map in the City-
Engineer's office of a system proposed
for the municipality by Ernest Abs
Hagen, formerly the city's expert en
gineer. The Call has made this charge
of deception against the Times and has
stated that it was made intentionally
and purposely in behalf of the water
company to deceive the people and
lead them to believe that the corpora
tion had made Improvements to Its
plant, which It had not. The Times has
had three days to answer the charge,
but it has failed to respond In any way!
Among the ministers of the city the
water question is now attracting some
considerable attention. The Rev. Bliss
is delivering a series of lectures here
under the auspices of the Episcopal
Church, and almost every evening he
refers to the subject. This is exciting
considerable comment in religious cir
cles, as it is a departure from the or
thodox rules. Rev. Bliss has clearly
and In bold and outspoken words lined j
Continued on Second Pace,
ASKS FOR
AMERICAN
PROTECTION
Korea's King Appeals
to the United States
Minister.
He Is in Fear of a Revo
lution Among His
Subjects.
Captain Wildes of the Cruiser
Boston Refuses to Land
Marines.
STRONGLY URGED TO DO SO
Not Even the Pleading of the King
Would Move the Yankee
Officer.
Copyright. IS9B, by Jtmet Gordon Bennett.
SEOUL, Jan. 26. — I am informed on
most unquestionable authority that the
King of Korea has asked the United
States Minister here for protection
against possible revolution.
Captain "Wildes of the cruiser Boston
refuses to land a naval force, though
strongly urged to do so by the King.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.—Admlnls
; tratlon officials are commenting: to
night on the action of CaptaJn Frank
Wildes, commanding: the Boston, In re
fusing to land a naval force to protect
the King of Korea from danger of a
possible revolution.
So far as I am able to learn no offi
cial Information on the subject has
reached either the State of Navy L>e
partment. Secretary Long told me to
night that he had heard nothing from
Captain Wildes in relation to this par
ticular matter. It is therefore pre
sumed, in view of the declination of the
officer to grant the request made to
him, that he has simply sent a mall re
port, which is now on Its way to the
department.
The Korean Minister refused to see
me when I called at his legation to
night.
LONDON, Jan. 26. — The newspapers
here comment on French, Russian and
German re-enforcements going to the
far east while no corresponding addi
tion Is made to the British fleet. One
of them says:
"Happily Great Britain has the coun
tenance instead of the hostility of the
United States, but the Japanese navy
is a factor of uncertain value."
An article in the Pall Mall Gazette
says: "The German fleet may be said
to hold the balance between England
and Japan and France and Russia. The
position or arbiter is the very thing
the Kaiser would desire, and with the
force he possesses In the far east he
can dictate terms.
"If the position Is really critical, we
run a grave risk in leaving our fleet
weak. In fact, we prepare for an open
contest for retrograde movements."
A dispatch to the Daily Graphic from
Sebastopol says it is rumored there
that a portion of the Russian Black
Sea fljet will be dispatched to China.
BERLIN, Jan. 26.— The steamer
Darmstadt, having on board detach
ments of marines and artillerymen, has
arrived at Kiaochau Bay.
The Lokal Anzeiger's China corres
pondent says a German sailor named
Schulz. of the cruiser KRiser, while on
outpost duty at Tsimo, the extreme
German position In Kaoichu Bay, was
murderyi by Chinese rabble last Mon
day night. Detachments of marines
have been sent to Tsimo.
BENNETT AFTER BROOKLYN
NAVY -YARD AUTHORITIES.
The Congressman Wants the Scandal of
the Station Thorough//
Probed.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Represen
tative Charles G. Bennett of New York,
visited the Brooklyn Navy yard yester
day and Inspected Dry Dock No. 3. As
a result he is determined to see that
there is a thorough investigation In the
dock. Faults are so apparent, he de
clares, as to make it almost inconceiv
able that they were not discovered
while the work was in progress.
"If it should develop for any reason
that the deparmental investigation Is
not thorough enough to ascertain aJI the
facts and place the responsibility where
it belongs, there Is no doubt the matter
could be taken up by Congres."
There Is no desire In the Navy Depart
ment for congressional investigation.
There is no doubt whatever that Civil
Engineer A. G. Menocal will be court
martialed, as the officials have no rea
son to suppose he will make an explana
tion which will remove from his shoul
ders the responsibility for the defects.
The department also intends to look
into the connection of Civil Engineer U.
S. G. White and others with the affair.
WILL INSPECT THAT
POSTOFFICE FOUNDATION.
General William S. Smith Leaves Wash-
ington on a Mission to San
Francisco.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— General Wil
liam Sooy Smith, corps of engineers, left
Washington to-night for San Francisco.
General Smith goes to investigate charges
that have been made t<i the Treasury De
partment relative to the foundation of the
new San Francisco Postofflce. The Treas
ury Department has ordered the work on
the building stopped until a thorough In
vestigation of the foundation is made by
a competent engineer. The department
officials do not say what the difficulty is.
FURTHER TROUBLE FEARED.
Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Jan. 27.— Figaxo this morning
says that the Jews' shops In Algiers re
main closed. The Town has received
many claims for damages, amounting: to
$600,000. Further troubles axe feared.
DID RUSSIA
DEAL WITH
DREYFUS?
Strange Charge Made
by .a Brussels
Official.
Says the Czar Profited by
the Frenchman's
Treachery.
France, He Declares, Knew the
Truth, but Feared to
Disclose it.
MADE NO ACCUSATIONS.
Afraid That the Alliance so Dear to
the Nation Might Be Com
promised.
Copyright. 1899, by James Gorton Bennett.
PARIS, Jan. 26— Another turn has
been given to the Dreyfus affair by the
declarations of Baron yon Bulow in
the Reichstag. Le Petit Journal, Le
Oaulois, Le Journal, Le Soleil. Le Libre
Parole and L'Echo de Paris, all discuss
the matter this morning from this new
point of view.
The statement that Germany had
nothing to do with Dreyfus comes
eather as a surprise — in fact, is pretty
generally disbelieved— although the j
Brussels correspondent of Aurore, Cle
menceau's paper, says that an official
in the foreign office there is authority j
for the following statement:
"If Dreyfus betrayed any secrets it j
was to Russia and not to Germany. Tf
the French Government refuses to :
speak." declares this Belgian dlplo- '
matipt, "it la because it would be com- j
pelled to accuse Russia and compro- j
mise an alliance so dear to the coun- j
try. Rather than do that," he adds,
"they would attempt a coup d'etat."
Le Petit Journal's article on the j
subject is a remarkable one. It says:
"Europe is beginning to think that
the French Government will soon be j
unable to suppress or keep back some
Statement liable to bring about a con
flict. Thin," it declares, "is the motive
which has prompted Baron yon Ru
low's statement in the Reichstag. Does
Germany fear or does she seek war?"
"In any case." Le Petiti Journal
says, "it Is not to the Interest of France
to let the matter go any further. Mod- j
era war is too terrible to be entered {
upon lightly. Although France is dan
gerously near the abyss, it is not yet
too late to pull up.
"That Germany intends to be in the
right is certain. She is taking her pre- !
cautions so as not to be caught un
awares."
In fact, according to Le Petit Jour
nal, she is repeating her tactics of 1870,
and the paper asks:
"Is French patriotism too dead #■>
lend her a helping hand by ending the j
agitation over the Dreyfus affair that !
has thrown the country into a ferment
for months, and can only serve Ger
many, which is looking for a casus
belli."
NEWS OF THE DAY
."Weather forecast for San Fran- <
Cisco: Fair on Thursday, with In- <
creasing: cloudiness In the afternoon <
and night; northerly, changing to <
southeasterly, winds. ■ ;..<
Maximum temperature for the past <
twenty-four hours: <
San Francisco 62 degrees <
Portland 34 degrees <
Los Angeles 58 degrees <
San Diego 58 degrees <
FIRST PAGE. <
Fratricide Clark Fears a Mob. ■<
Los Angeles People Aroused. <
Koreans King Asks Protection. /.'<
Dreyfus Scandal Will Not Down. "' " 4
The Maine tn Havana Harbor. <
SECOND PAGE. .- <
Field Trials for Dogs. • ■■'<
The Monetary Reformers. - J '<
Stock Grower* In Convention. -' ■ <
Tuba City Man's Suicide. <
THIRD PAGE. :\f;<
A Randsburg Relic. L<
Hot Fight on Shipboard. ~<
Justice McKenna Sworn In. : -"» ,?<
: Froze Out the Jury. ~ r '4\
Russians to Cross the Arctic <
FOURTH PAGE. <
Sherman Welcomes President Dola. ' <
Pygmies Found In Brazil. ;;..'<
Tulare's New Postmaster. 4
The Wilson Estate Settled. 'i'\
Jink Shop In a Marln Court. ';■;*'<
Cold Wave Kills Insect Pests. 4
A Tragedy of Angel's Camp. - ■''■'■<
FIFTH PAGE. <
The Work of Congress. ; -V'4
News Along the Front. <
Flgel Jurors at a Premium. <
SIXTH PAG* <
Editorial. > <
Polling as an Art. <
Economy In Nevada. ;~* <
A Bugaboo War Scar*. - :■-:•<
Damon's Admission. . <
Sound and Fury. <
Music and Musicians. ,<
Around the Corridors. • <
. SEVENTH PAGE. <
Poisoning Domestic Pets. 4
Soldiers Who Are Overworked. :•'<
An Interesting Betrothal. '. 4
Why Reduce the Postal Force? <
Death of Baldwin Gardiner. -^
A Charming Reciter. <,
EIGHTH PAGE. 4
The Jubilee's Martial Hue. <
NINTH PAGE. ;- r <
A Pioneer Mining Journal. <
As to Supervisor Delany. <
Slavonians In Celebration. 4
Millionaire Bradbury In a New Role. <
TENTH PAGE. .. <
Commercial News. ' <
ELEVENTH PAGE. 4
• New» From Across the Bay. <
A San Franciscan Honored. > <
TWELFTH PAGE. <
Racing at Ingleslde. <
. THIRTEENTH : PAGE. „
Births, Marriages and Deaths. ' <
FOURTEENTH PAGE. 4
Hypnotism Up to Date. 4
New* of the Big Russian Railroad. <
Thieves Steal From the Police. 4
Winemen In a Sad Snarl. <
i
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DE LOME
PROTESTED
IN VAIN
Objected to the Send
ing of the Maine
to Havana.
Now Pretends That the
Warship Went at His
Invitation.
Had Before Declared That Its
Going Would Precipitate
Hostilities.
INTERVENTION IN SIGHT.
Belief That the Administration Ha|
Taken a Step It Cannot
Retrace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, Jan. 26.— The bat- !
tie-ship Vizcaya, of 7000 tons I
displacement, has been ordered !
to visit American ports. |
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— The 1
Spanish battle-ship Vizcaya, !
classed as an armored cruiser !
of barbette type, is one of the I
best ships in the Spanish navy. !
She is of 7000 tons displacement, i
is 340 feet long-, has 65 feet beam !
and draws about 21 feet 6 !
inches. Her estimated speed Is !
20 knots, she is driven by two i
propellers and has 13,000 mdi- !
cated horsepower. J
The Vizcaya was built at J
Bilbao in 1891. and cost $3,000,- t
000. Her armor belt is 12 Inches ?
in thickness, sh» has 10% inches !
of armor over her gun positions !
and her deck plating: is 3 inches 1
thick. The armament of this !
war vessel consists, of two 12- J
inch guns, ten 5.»-!r h <}uick- !
firing guns, two 2.7- :n i guns, J
eight 2.2-inch guns, four 1.4-lnch 5
guns and two Maxim guns. She J
has six torpedo tubes, carries a \
normal coal supply of 1200 tons !
and her crew numbers 500 r.ien. !
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, Jan. 26.
There exists now no reasonable doubt
as to what prompted the sending: of the
Maine to Havana. Despite all the ef
forts of the pro-Spanish newspapers to
make it appear that De Lome was
overjoyed at the visit and that he was
cognisant of every movement, If he did
not actually suggest the visit as "an.
act of friendship," there is no dnubt
that the ship was sent in response to
the direct command of General Lee,
and that such demand was backed by
a threat to close the consulate and
leave the island unless prompt action
was taken.
Of course nobody familiar with the
situation there has believed for a min
ute the fairy tales that the State De
partment has been giving out. The
Maine had been placed at the disposal
of General Lee some time before, or
rather had been sent to the Florida
Keys with the idea that of the ships
of the navy she was most available for
this particular mission. It was given
out at the Navy Department that she
was to hold herself in readiness to re
spond to the request of the American
Consul General, but it seems that
statement was not literally correct, for
the orders under which the Maine went
to Havana were issued by Secretary
Long and sent from here. They
were sent in response to the de
mands of the Consul General made In
cipher telegrams sent by him to the
President direct.
Blanco had suddenly left Havana.
He had left on the day that anti-Amer
ican riots were scheduled to occur and
Havana was excited over reports of
Spanish defeats within a compara
tively short distance of Havana. Gen
eral Lee, who had kept the most prac
tical watch on developments, felt that
trouble was impending and the result
was his strong telegrams to the Presi
dent.
The President and members of his
Cabinet were at Secretary McKenna's
eating that farewell dinner when the
telegTams were hurried over to the
President. The contents of them were
made known and there was a sort of In
formal Cabinet meeting, at which it
was decided that the demand of the
Consul General must be promptly met.
De Lome, who is "foxy" enough to
find himself consulted on all matters
pertaining to the Cuban situation, was
sent for and met Secretary Long at the
State Department. The situation was
explained to him, and. so the story
goes, he protested vigorously, reiterat
ing what he had said a few days be
fore, that such action would be taken
by the Spanish as tantamount to a dec
laration of war. But, faced by the de
termination of the President to send
the ship and realizing that there would
be worse trouble if the President back
ed out and Lee made good his threat
and came home, he and the Secretary
of the Navy cooked up the pleasant
story about Spain's acquiescence.
This story has been so skillfully elab
orated by some of those papers which
have put themselves into the position
of being mouthpieces for De Lome
that it has been made to appear that
the Spanish Minister was not only de
lighted at the visit of the Maine but
that he actually suggested it himself.
Nothing quite equal to this for a fairy
story has been sent out from Washlng
ton for years. Of course it is natural
that the officials of the State and the
Navy departments should conceal the
real facts from the public. When they
did give out anything about the
Maine's trip across they carefully re
frained from telling the truth as to
the time of her departure from Florida
Bay and her arrival at Havana, There
la just as much truth In the statement2
that the visit is a friendly one. It is
friendly just so long as the Spanish
care to regard it as BUCO and conduct
themselves accordingly, but the mo
ment American rights in person or
property are assailed the Maine will
show her teeth; then look out for fun.
De Lome may continue t<> regard the
Maine's visit with Joy through his
newspapers, but at heart he sees in it
the beginning of the end. With this
start there seems little chance for the
administration to escape intervention
in Cuban affairs, however much Pres
ident McKinley may now deplore such
a step. It seems inevitable.
Secretary Long this morning re
ceived a telegram from Admiral Slcard,
Baying that the North Atlantic squad
ron had gone into tlr> inner anchorage
at Dry Tortugas. The telegram was
brought to Key West by the Fern.
which is serving as a dispatch and
supply boat for the fleet. The torpedo
boats in the vicinity of Key West are
under Admiral Sicard's orders, while
near the squadron, to stive also as dis
patch vessels and to give the vessels
some practice in the drills for repelling
lo attacks. This does not. how
« ver, interfere with the standing or
ders to Lieutenant-Commander Kim
ball, the commanding officer of the tor
pedo-boat flotilla, and the little craft
will continue on their cruise along the
coast as far west as Galveston, and
then, returning, go up the Mississippi
River iti the early spring. The Porter,
one of the fleet, sailed yesterday from
Port Tampa for Mobile in company
with the Ericsson, to be present at a
local celebration there, but they will
probably return to the squadron before
resuming their along-shore cruise.
SPANISH RADICALS IN
HAVANA DECLARE THEY
HAVE BEEN BETRAYED.
Blanco May Have to Seek the Maine's Pro-
tection in Case of Another
Outbreak.
Copyrighted, I«9S, by James Oordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Jan. 26.— The last ripple
of visible excitement attending the ar
rival of the Maine died away this'morn
ing, and the ship as she lies at anchor
attracts no more attention than other
\ • ssela in the harbor. The papers
made the briefest possible allusion to
her arrival and La Union Constitu
tional, the Conservative organ, prints
a Washington dispatch to the effect
that the visit of the Maine to Havana
is merely an act of courtesy, showing
the friendly feeling to Spain, and to
counteract Spanish utterances in Con
gress. La Union adds that the visit
will be returned by the Spanish ships
to American ports.
In spite of this there is a strong un
dercurrent of feeling in Havana, as is
evidenced by the excited talking last
night of angry groups assembled in the
cafes. The general impression among
al Spaniards is that the caus. <•■(
Plain has been betrayed by the Blanco
government, and the nation has been
humiliated by what they regard as the
first step in the direction of American
intervention.
This has intensified the hatred held
for General Blanco and his associates,
and for the cause of autonomy, and
this hatred may at any moment find
vent in an outbreak of fury in which
the memhi-r? of the Government may
be forced to depend for their personal
safety on the Maine, for, while their
peril is obvious, the troops concen
trated during the riots have been dis
persed and no new precautions have
been taken.
The radicals here say General Blanco
is playing his last card in his present
visit to the Eastern provinces, for the
purpose, it is said, of attempting to in
duce Generals Rabi and Salvador Kios
to lay down their arms. Both these
men refused to surrender at the close
of the last war, and the Cubans believe
them incorruptible. Before leaving Ha
vana on Monday General Blanco, it is
known, drew from the treasury $380,
000.
General Blanco received news that
an American warship would be ordered
to Havana while in Batabano, but did
rot delay sailing for the East. Yester
day he was in. Jucaro inspecting the
trocha, and to-day he went on to Man
zanillo. He Is expected to return at
the end of next week.
The Spanish account of the victory
of General Castellanos and the capture
of the headquarters of the rebel gov
ernment in the town of Esperanza is
now proved to have been a fabrica
tion. There is no such town as Es
peranza near Cubitas. The name of
the town founded and occupied as the
capital by the rebel government is
Agramonte. The Spanish troops are
unable to get near this place, being
repulsed in the mountains and forced
to retire with heavy lops.
The latest advices from Orient state
that the rebels are still besieging Hol
guin, and that the garrison cannot
possibly hold out without supplies and
re-enforcements. General Pando finds
It impossible to send these, alth'outrh
he is making desperate efforts to do so.
General Pando s army is still along the
banks of the Cauto River and strongly
Intrenched, but is unable to assume
the aggressive.
General Gomez shows no signs of
taking the field and conducting an ac
tive campaign. He states as his reason
that he is short of cavalry and cannot
operate successfully against the
Spaniards, who have plenty of horses.
At this rate the war in the east can
last for years.
In the western provinces, however,
the troops keep pretty well on the
move, but neither side has achieved
decisive results. General Molina had
what is called here an important battle
with rebel General Blancourt at Ca
marioca, Matanzas province, on Janu
ary 23. General Molina had 1500 in
fantry and 400 cavalry. He attacked
the rebel camp and there was fighting
for five hours, but finally he was
obliged to retire without success. The
loss on both sides was insignificant.
The rebels are still devoting their at
tention to preparing for the coming
wet season. Every day large quanti
ties of supplies of all sorts are sent to
them.
The first direct Interference of the
new Cuban colonial ministry in home
politics took the form of a telegram to
a Minister in Spain, begging him to
release Cuban prisoners in Ceuta in
honor of the King's name day. No re
ply has been received, but It Is ex
pected that the request will be
granted.
The American consulate is now pro
tected by a strong guard within and
without. This precaution is apparently
superfluous, as perfect tranquility
reigns. General Lee made an official
call on the Maine this afternoon.
CRUISER BROOKLYN TO
JOIN THE VESSELS OF THE
NORTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON.
Expected to Leave Brooklyn Navy -Yard
for the Gulf on Next
Sunday.
NEW YORK. Jan. 20.— A "Washington
special to the Herald says: The North
Atlantic squadron will bo augmented
next week by the cruiser Brooklyn, which
is expected to leave the Brooklyn Navy
Yard on Sunday for the Gulf. Orders
have been given to hasten the work of re
pairing: the ship. The battle-ship Maine
will shortly go to the drill grounds to
participate in maneuvers, but Secretary
Long told me to-day that the exact date
for her departure from Havana had not
been fixed. Another ship will go to Ha
vana to relieve the Maine.
The department was advised to-day
that the North Atlantic squadron had
gone into the inner anchorage at Dry
Tortugas. The torpedo-boats Porter and
Ericsson left Tampa yesterday for Mo
bile, where they will be docked, and
when they have rejoined the squadron
the Cushing and Dupont will be relieved.
It' is said that Rear- Admiral Slcard's
command will leave Dry Tortugas in a
few days and proceed to the drill ground
In the Gulf of Florida for target practice.
PACIFIC COAST
FIELD TRIALS
Some Clever Work Done
at Bakersfield by
Dogs.
One High-Strung Conine Runs
Away and Is Lost for
Two Hours.
Pointing and Retrieving Satisfactory
on the Whole— The Club
Elects Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 26.— The third
> day of the Pacific Coast field trials was
very pleasant. After a drive of twelve j
| miles, a halt was called on entering a j
field profuse with sage without the
I onions. The first brace of dogs, Gleams
Kuth. handled by Dodge, and Luke,
handled by Couts, were cast off at 1:46
a. m., and they had not gone more than :
200 yards when they ran into birds in
! splendid cover. Luke was first to point,
' and was steady to shots. Luke re
trieved. Again Luke pointed, but the
bird flushed as the handler approached, j
Gleams pointed and Luke backed well. '■
Luke again drew on point and was
i beautifully backed. The birds were
acting very well and the performance j
I of the dogs was much admired. Gleams
pointed twice on running birds, but i
found his mistake and roaded several
yards, coming finally to a stanch point
| near a water ditch. The bird was
\ Hushed by the handler and killed.
I Gleams, steady to shot, retrieved the
I bird when ordered.
Luke again pointed stylishly, and the
! handler Hushed the bird, but did not
1 shoot. The dog was steady to wing, i
Several points were made by both dogs
on the margin of an old water ditch,
i but Luke was the more steady on
! points and showed better judgment in
reading and locating birds. Gleams
Ruth is certainly a very showy bitch In
the field, but Luke outclassed her in
pointing and locating game. The dogs
were ordered up at 10:30 o'clock.
The pointer Cuba, second prize win
; ncr of the Derby, hftndled by Dodge, ,
and the setter Yaliente. handled by
Walters, were cast off at 10:35 o'clock
lon new grounds. Valiente, a very high
strung dog from the City of Angels,
started off with the speed of a 2-year- |
old when ordered on, and was soon lost
from sight. His handler whistled and
called, but the long-distance canine pc- ;
destrian paid no heed to command and
on going. After three-quarters of
an hour's delay, the dog was given up
for lost, but a horseman discovered
Yoliente afterward two miles from
; where she was cast off.
In the meantime tho judges ordered
Countess X, handled by Dodge, and
Alex C, first prize winner of the Derby
and handled by Lucas, cast off. At
11:26 o'clock they went off at a merry
gait, but it was one hour before the
birds, which were found in the timber,
flushed to open ground. Alex was first
: to draw on point, stopping suddenly
in front of a small sagebrush when
traveling at high speed. Lucas kicked ,
the bird out and shot, but instead of '
keeping a close eye on his dog he
watched the spot where the bird fell. \
Alex broke and ran, and after covering
fifty yards of ground he pointed again
and Lucas shot and killed. This time
Alex was steady to shot, and held his
! position until ordered on.
While Alex was accomplishing good |
i work Countess X was ranging several \
| yards away and going over birds j
! which were afterward Hushed by the i
teams. Alex finally put up a hare and
: chased it a short distance, but stopped
{on a signal from the handler. After
! quartering some distance Alex again
j found birds which he roaded several .
! yards, bringing up to a stylish point
and was backed nicely by the Countess.
The birds flushed before the handler
! arrived.
Alex again drew on point and was
well backed, but the birds were run
ning and the pointer roaded them until
he reached the timber and heavy un
dergrowth, when the Judges ordered
the dogs up at 12:55 o'clock.
The Countess must have been off
badly In nose, as she failed to score a :
single point on birds during the heat.
At 1:30 o'clock Vallente, handled by;
Walters, and Cuba, handled by Dodge, I
were again cast off. After traveling
sume distance Cuba ran into birds and
dropped Hat on his stomach, but the
birds, alarmed by the approach of the
hunters, had moved. Cuba found his
mistake, and leaving his point roaded
some distance and again painted and
was beautifully backed. The handler,
on finding no game, ordered Cuba on.
Valiente, who was ranging to the left
of his opponent, came to a point and
was also beautifully backed. Cuba
again pointed, but soon discovered that
the bird had left. Again he drew on
and his tail stiffened. Vallente backed
nicely and the bird was flushed by the
handler. Both dogs steady to shot.
Vallente ranged some distance away
from Cuba and stiffened out. He was
steady to shot and retrieved well.
It was some time before a new covey
was Hushed from the trees. When they
scattered among the sagebrush Cuba
pointed well and was nicely backed.
Valiente was next to point and Cuba
rushed In and flushed the birds. Cuba
was now excited and flushing birds, but
a good talk from his handler steadied
him. Valiente again attempted long
distance racing and was severely
whipped by the handler. The hiding
had cowed him and his work after this
was poor, the dog having lost his dash.
The dogs were ordered up at 2:35
o'clock and Iroquois Chief, handled by
Dodge, and Peach Mark, handled by
Allender, were cast off at 2:40 o'clock.
Peach ranged well and quartered her
ground beautifully, but was rather
slow compared with other dogs. The
Peach made some very pretty points
and was invariably steady to shot. The
Chief acted very poorly, paying no at- j
tention to his handler, who annoyed the i
other dog by shouting and whistling
at the headstrong Chief, who paid more
attention to fur than to feathers. The
only redeemable feature in the Chief's
work was a stanch point he made c-n a i
bird when the trial was drawing to a
close. His handler was compelled to
drag him away from the beautiful posi
tion he had taken, and it was with the
greatest reluctance that his highnegs
cast himself away to other parts of the
field where long-eared rabbits were
numerous.
Dors wero ordered up at 3:35 p. m
Emmet Sullivan, owner of Dash An
tonia, purchased Peach Mark fr.»m
Gardner of Wells, Fargo & Co. She
was sold by her handler, Allcnder, for
$250. She will be bred to Dash Antonia.
Sadie Hopkins, a Portland (Or.) bitch,
handled by Guyse, had a bye with Lu
cas Wicklow. The dogs were cast off
at 3:40 p. m. Wicklow was out of form
and accomplished very poor work. He
was ordered up after being down lfaTT
an hour, and Sadie, single-handed, so
to speak, worked her ground very styl
ishly. She flushed some birds which
were lying close, but after being duwn
some time she redeemed herself by a
display of good judgment In locating
THE SAX FttAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 189 S.
running birds and pointing stanchly.
She is a very pretty little bitch and
very stylish when in action, but her
pose is not the best. She was called up
! at 4:25 p. m., and this finished the day's
I trials.
Dogs that are cast off In the morn
ings and evenings have a great ad
vantage over those that are ordered
down in the middle of the day, when
birds are wild and hard to locate.
The dogs drawn for to-morrow ai-e:
N^nrod and Valiente: Luke and Cuba
of Kenwood; Dona Alicia and Peach
Mark; Dash Antonia and Alex C.
The election of officers for the ensu
ing year took place this evening, and
resulted as follows: President. Henry
Keller of Pasadena trr-eleoted); first
vice-president, J. E. Deruyter of San
Francisco: second vice-president, W. S.
Tevis of Bakersfield; secretary-treas
nrer, J. M. Kilgariff of San Francisco:
executive committee, Joseph Terry and
C. X. Post of Sacramento: John Schu
macher of Los Angeles. William Srhrle
ber and Andrew Jackson of San Fran
cisco.
WESTERN BIRDS
WIN THE MAIN
Mackin's Gamecocks Score a
Notable Victory at
Chicago.
Defeat a Crack Massachusetts String
When the Battle Seemed
Lost.
Ppeolal Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Jan. 26.— The great national
cocking main, held Tuesday night and
the greater part of Wednesday night in
Herman's Winter Resort at Bluff Lake,
attracted a crowd of sports, most of
whom came fr«>m Boston, Providence and
other New England towns. A blizzard
came on after the start was mad.' from
Chicago and once the party was landed
at the place where the pit was arranged
it could not get away. The time was well
I>ut in, however, and many rattling bat
tles were fought, th<* majority of which
were won by Western birds. The main
was for $2500 a side on the odd, and was
won against an almost hopeless lead.
When time was called fifteen birds fell
in, fighting at up and down weights, top
to li^ht alternately, with one and one
founh to one and one-half inch gaffs.
Mackin, on the toss up of a coin, won the
choice and selected for the first battle a
gray green grade of Jap sent to him by
Green a breeder of Sacramento.
Like all other birds sent him by Green
there were six of them— this proved cra
ven, and, after losing four successive
lights to a man from Plackstone, Mass.,
Mackin withdrew the Japs.
Mackin never got a look-in until the
fifth light. Casey's favorite strain of
roundheads won the first four off the re.-!,
and it began to look blue for the Chicago
birds .".ml sports. After the fourth en
gagement Ma< kin refused to handle any
more of the Sacramento fowls and sent in
his own breed.
This turned the tide. The fifth went to
Mackin. the sixth to a Massachusetts
bird, the seventh to the local man and
th<- eighth to the Easterner. The score
then stood six victories against two in
fav>r of the Bay State, and it looked like
any kind of money against counterfeit
coin that the big main would be won by
Casey.
It was at this Juncture that the re
markable change set in. Mackin's last
bird, a blue-red Huddleston cross, hail
gone wrong and the ninth bird brought
out of the coop of the /Chicago man was
a brown-red, five pound twelve and three
quarter ounce bird that had won the
seventh fight. He was a game one. and
though badly wounded went in and won
handily enough. From that point, on
Mackin never again lost a battle, win
ning eight out of fourteen battles fought
and six of them in succession. The score
of the main follows:
East ....11110101000000
Total won, 6; lost, 8.
West ....0 0001010111111
Total won, 8: lost, 6.
The result was a great surprise to the
Eastern m^n. The same strain of birds
had won for Casey twenty-two straight
victories without a break, and to lose the
twenty-third, after having It w«»ll in
hand, was a stunner. ConditionlnV and
strain told, however, and Maekin won
only because he had the better warriors.
NEW THIRTY-SIX-HOUR RECORD.
PITTSRURG, Jan. 26.— The record for
thirty-six hours in a Eeventy-two-hour
race was broken to-night by thirty-eight
miles.
The score at 10 o'clock was: Waller
6S1:8; H.-nshaw, 527:2: Elkes. 6RIS
h, 888:4; Gannon, 60K:l<v Schinneer'
Hall, 075; Rucket, 603:7; Walters
672:5.
His Life Crushed Out.
EUREKA, Jan. 25.— Martin Pofsort was
killed at Jacoby Creek this afternoon
while getting out shingle bolts for Flanl
gan, Hrosnon & Co. He was jammed
between two cuts. Pofsort wns a native
of Norway, aged 43 years, Hu leaves a
widow and three children.
CHARLES WEEMAN of Yuba City, Who Fatally Shot Himself.
YTTBA CITY. Jan. 26.— Charles Wee
man, a prominent fruit grower and in
surance agent of this place, shot himself
this morning about 9 o'clock with intent
to commit suicide. He was found In his
room by his wife lying on the floor with
a pistol at his side and unconscious from
a wound in the head, having shot himself
in the mouth, the ball coming out near
the right temple. Temporary mental dn
rangfement, caused by sickness and finan
cial troubles, is supposed to have been
the cause of his rash deed.
Weeman died this afternoon about 5
o'clock without regaining consciousness.
APPROVE THE
REFORM PLAN
Business Men Praise the
Monetary Commis
sion's Work.
Its Report Indorsed by the
Convention at Indian
apolis.
This Action Taken, the Gathering
Disperses Subject to tho Chair
man's Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Jan. 26.— 1t was not
expected that the monetary convention
would remain In session more than two
days, and this expectation was realized.
It settled down to work promptly at 10
o'clock this morning, and adjourned at
2 o'clock, subject to the call of Chair
man Hugh Hanna. The business of the
convention was to indorse the report of
the Monetary Commission, which is
now before Congress in the form of a
bill, and when this was done it prompt
ly adjourned.
E. J. Parker of Illinois presented a
resolution approving the efforts of the
National Business League to forward a
movement toward the establishment of
a National Department of Commerce
and Industries, the head of which shall
be a member of the Cabinet. Charles
S. Fairchild, ex-Secretary of the Treas
ury, delivered a speech. He said:
"Men in the past have had stand
ards of value and mediums of exchartge
or circulating mediums, or whatever
name you may give them, with no laws
save the customs of business; these
they can have in the future without
statutes, if statutes stand in the way
of the irresistible force of the concur
ring habits of men.
"Whatever DC the standard named by
law, men will continue to measure
value by gold until, by the concurrence
of their habits, they evolve something
that suits their purpose better."
The n-xt speaker was Congressman
Jesse Overstie. t of the Indianapolis
district, who introduced the monetary
bill into Congress. He thought the bill
would receive the thorough attention of
Congress and saM Speaker Reed would
in no way retard its careful considera
tion.
"If we are defeated." said he, "we
shall not be conquered."
C. C. Homer of Baltimore urged the
importance of organization and said
that Congress should understand that
this plan was the will of the people.
Mr. "Wbcelock of Minnesota, chairman
of the Committee on Resolutions, asked
John N. Bullitt of Philadelphia to read
the resolutions. These recognize the
convention's obligations to the Execu
tive Committee and cordially approve
the plan of currency reform submitted
by the eommisnion.
The resolutions were discussed in
five-minute speeches, and at 2:30, after
two hours of favorable debate, were
unanimously adopted.
OFFERS TO PURCHASE
RAILROADS AND STEAMBOATS.
English Company Conducting Negotiations
With the Government of
Nicaragua.
Copyright, Ws, t>y James Gordon T^nnett.
PANAMA. Jan. 26.— 1 am advised by the.
Herald correspondent in Managua, Nir
argua. that the British Atlas Company
DM offered to purchase all railroads anil
■teamen owned by the Government for
$1.500. 0-0 silver. The Government demands
$2,500,000.
Resu/ts at the New Orleans Track.
NEW OIU,EAXS. Jan. 26.-J. W.Schorr
«fc Bon landed their fourth stake at the
meeting to-day, winning the Ponce de
Leon handicap with Sea Robber at the
comforiah!" price of 3 to 1. David, who
was the favorite in the muddy going at
5 to 2, finished last, and J. A. Gray, the
only Otker likely candidate, was too
poorly handled by Caywood to win. Re
sults:
Six and a half furlongs, selling, Treo
phin won, Oknmoyne second. Judge
Steadman third. Time. 1:271*.
Six furlongs, Taboret won. Surmount
second, Qilray third. Ttae, 1:20.
Ponce do I.i«»on handicap — Seven and a
From the position of the body he must
have sat down on the floor and shot him
self In the head. The revolver, a 32-call
ber, was found lying at his side with one
chamber empty.
Deceased had been a resident of this
place for the past thirty years and was
connected at times with all the public en
terprises of the community, having con
siderable property. Of late years he had
been suffering with severe attacks of neu
ralgia in the head, which is supposed to
have been the principal cause of the
temporary derangement that induced the
tragedy. Weerr.nn was 56 years of ago
and leaves a widow, but no children.
half furlongs. Sea Robber won, Albert S
second. Balk Line third. Time. 1:42*4-
Six furlongs, selling. Mazeppa won, Pat
Morrlssey second, Headlight third. Time,
Six furlongs, selling. Carlotta C won.
Belle of Fordham second. Brunt third.
Time. 1:20.
One mile, selling. Bob Milliean won.
Blacking Brush second. Robert Bonner
third. Time, l:50'o
EASTERN WAITRESSES
COMING TO CALIFORNIA.
New York Restaurant-Keepers Complain of
the Exodus to the Pacific
Coast
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— The exodus of
girls from this city to the Pacific Coast
and other Western points to secure posi
tions as waitresses has been felt here,
and the stories of high wages, easy
hours, beautiful climates and cheaper
living expenses have set girls in this city
to thinking. Many of the uptown em
ployment agencies are now filling west
ern orders, to the great discomfort of lo
cal restaurant keepers.
"There la likely to be serious trouble
for us." said the manager of a large
downtown restaurant to-day, "if this sort
of thing keeps up. Why. it is almost im
possible to keep goodiooking girls here
since the California craze has set in. A
number of them left two of our establish
ments to take positions in a hotel at San
Diego, and only to-day I learned that
four more had secured positions in Los
Angeles. One agent advertised hero about
ten days for two girls with experience
ds waitresses. One of our girls accepted i
and no sooner had the report of her trip
to the coast become known than four
more followed her examnlo. Our cus- '
•tomers. too. are in th<* habit of being
served by some one waitress and con- ,
stant changes of help means a severe loss j
of patronage. I cannot see why Califor- !
nla cannot turn out satisfactory girls, '•
and why they should have to come east :
for their supply, but I am told that the |
demand is for eastern girls exclusively."
EXTOLLED THE VIRTUES OF
HIS WIFE TOO MUCH.
Upon Leaving Jail Richard Conway Induces
Another Prisoner's Spouse to Flee
With Him.
ST. L.OUIS. Jan. 26.— Nick P. Willard
and Richard Conway were cellmates in
the Gasconade County Jail at Herman.
Mo. They became warm friends. Inter
changes of confidences followed and of
these Willard was profuse. They were of
a domestic nature generally, and particu
larly of the virtues of Mrs. Willard as a
companion and helpmate. Conway ac
cepted a cordial invitation to visit Wil
lard'B farm home when the owner should
have served his term for beating a neigh
bor in a fence dispute. Conway was re
leased ten days ago. Willard "became a
free man Monday. His release came in
the form of a pardon oased on informa- :
tion of his wife's infidelity, and his
friend's treachery. In brief, Conway had
visited thf> Willard home directly aft-r
he was released and had found Mrs. Wil
lard all that her fond husband had said.
He prevailed upon her to go with him.
They left three small children, not the
woman's, in the house without protection, j
TWO GEORGIA MEN IN
A FIVE HOURS' DUEL
Protected by Trees. They Battle With Fire-
arms Until Both Are Seriously
Wounded.
SENOIA, Ga.. Jan. 26.— J. T. Entrikln
.and Clinton Morgan , white men. fought
for five hours near h<-rv w-st-rday after
noon. Both hid behind tree*, Morgan
using a shotgun and Entrikin a revolver.
For some time there had been had blood
betwetn the two men and Entrikin, who
if a bailiff, wont to serve papers on Mor
gan. The latter caught him in the road
and opened fire on him. After a flve
hours' conflict, in which both men wen
seriously wounded, a friend of Morgan
came along and extricated him, and En
trikin was compelled to return to town
without hi* prisoner.
Outside of the lepal phase of the ques
tion, both men are deadly enemies and
trouble is predicted when they are In
condition to renew hostilities. Entrikin
says that had it not been for two large
trees, of which they took advantage, both
he and Morgan would have been shot to
death.
PRAISE FOR THE CALL.
People of Suisun Pleased With the Go/den
Jubilee Edition.
SI'TSUV. Jan. 26.— The great stroke of
The Call's enterprise in the distribution
of the Golden Jubilee edition was the
principal subject of discussion here last
Sunday morning. At an early hour the
interesting edition, with its valuable and
appropriate data was In eager demand,
and The Call was complimented on Its
feat, which is regarded as a grand scoop
over its contemporaries. Public opinion
was unanimous in its praise of the Jubilee
edition, and there was a lively demand
for copies.
To the pioneers the edition was es
pecially welcome, containing as it did a
collection of facts and incidents which
carried them back to the "years of gold."
The Jubilee edition, following so closely
upon the unequaled Christinas number
of The Call, is evidence that the journal
which "speaks for all" has set a puce
which will put its contemporaries in the
rear.
COUNT TISZA DEAD.
Once Served as the Hungarian Minister of
Public Works.
BT'DAPEST, Jan. 26.— Count Tisza is
dead.
Count Ludwig Tisza. who had also the
title <>f Count yon Szogedin. was born at
*;<<z\. on September 12. 1532. He was a
brother of Koloman yon Tisza. the dis
tinguished Hungarian statesman and
former Prime Minister. In iS69 he was
Vice-President of the Hungarian Council
of Architecture and two years later was
appointed Minister of Public Works.
DEATH OF A NOVELIST.
Jules Emile Richeborg. a French Litterateur,
Passes to the Beyond.
PARIS, Jan. 26.— M. Jules Kmile Rlche
borg, the French novelist, is dead. Among
his voluminous publications there may
be cited aa the most interesting: "Lea
Rames de la Vie" (sixteen volumes), "Les
Soirees Amusantes" (twelve volumes),
"La Belle Organiste." "L'ldiole." "Jean
1,0 up." "In Calvalre." "I,e Milllone dv
Pere Laclot" and "L'Enfant dv Fau
bourg." _______________
No Quorum Present.
A delegation of Kearny street property
owners appeared at the meeting rooms
of the Board of Supervisors yesterday to
protest against the dilatory tactics of the
contractors of the Hall of Justice. A
meeting of the Public Buildings Commit
tee was to have been held, but owing to
the absence of a quorum the matter went
Over until next Friday.
No Verdict Reached.
The jury In the case of Dr. Hall,
charged with the murder of Mrs. Ida
Coakley. went out late yesterday after
noon. The/ were unable to reach a ver
dh-t, and were locked up for the night
NEW TO-DAY.
i The Modem STOVE POLISH. I
fifSC Produces a JET BLACK enamel gloss. Dustless, Odorless, Labor Ipi
fp| Saving. 5 and 1 0 cent boxes. Try it on your Cycle Chain. ||||
9 J. -• PRESCOTT & CO., NEW YORK. _■
GATHERING OF
STOCK GROWERS
Topics of the Range Dis-
cussed at Denver's
Convention.
Governor Richards Advocates
State Control of All
Public Lands.
Steps Taken to Apprehend Rustlers
in Utah, Wyoming and
Colorado.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Jan. 26.— Chairman Spring
er called the National Stock Growers'
, Convention to order at 10 o'clock this
morning. There was a fair attendance
of delegates. A committee was appoint
i ed, composed of one delegate from each
State represented, to draft a consti
tution and by-laws.
The first address was on "Statistics
as to Values of Livestock and Prospect
ive Conditions," by J. H. Neff, editor
I of the Drovers' Telegram, Kansas City.
i The speaker reviewed the history of the
stock growers' business for the past fif
teen years, showing that the industry,
which was on the down grade for a
number of years, reached bottom a cou
ple of years ago and has since been
improving.
Governor W. A. Richards of Wyom- j
ing next spoke on "The Cession of the
Arid Public Lands to the States." Gov- ■
ernor Richards took the position that
not only the arid lands, but all the
public lands, should be given to the
States. They would then, he claimed,
soon be made to help pay the Govern-,
ment expenses and sooner be put in the
hands of actual settlers. Governor
Richards said the money received from
the sale of public lands had been very !
largely used in States other than those j
in which the lands were situated, to
the advantage of the older and at the •
expense of the younger States.-
El wood Mead, State Engineer of Wy- ■
oming, spoke on "How Best to Prevent ;
Clashing Between Sheep and Cattle I
Men on the Ranges." He favored the j
leasing of all public lands and the !
breaking up of ranges as a means of
preventing constant warfare between
cattlemen and sheepmen.
The afternoon session opened with a
series of papers on "Contagious Dis- j
eases Affecting Values of Livestock."
Dr. Charles Cresswell, State Veterin- j
arian of Colorado, read the first paper,
treating of "The Best Methods of Pre
vention." He took the position that
the Government should maintain
proper quarantines and make experi
ments in methods of preventing and ;
subduing diseases, but he said a gen- j
eral knowledge of sanitary laws and
needs was necessary in the stock raiser
himself. He severely condemned
patent medicines as a general rule.
Dr. A. T. Peters of the University of
Nebraska spoke on "Advancement in
Controlling Diseases." He treated
largely of the various methods of vac
cination which he held to be the most
effective method of fighting disease in
livestock.
"W. S. Seavey of Utah offered a reso
lution calling upon the . Governors of
Utah,. Wyoming and Colorado to ap
point a joint committee to investigate
the alleged wholesale and repeated
cattle and sheep stealing by organized
robbers in the section of country, in
cluding Northeastern Utah, South
western Wyoming and Northwestern
Colorado.
F. J. Berry of the Union Stockyards,
Chicago, spoke on "The Up-to-Date
Horse and the Export Demand." He
asserted that electricity and the
bicycle had destroyed the demand for
small horses, but the demand for
large, first quality animals is better
than ever, and such horses bring good
prices at all times.
The committee on constitution and
by laws made its report, and after
amendments had been made it was j
adopted. "The National Livestock i
Association of the United States of j
America" was the name chosen. The
representation at the annual conven
i tion is to include State delegates at
large and representatives from stock
associations, commercial exchanges,
chambers of commerce and irrigation
associations^
LOS ANGELES
IS AROUSED
IN DEFENSE
Continued from First Page.
hlmsplf up on the side of the people.
He has also taken cognizance of the
syndicated press, and has remarked on
the fact that in many instances the
people were led on to ruin by newspa
pers and public Journals controlled and
run In the interests of monopoly. When
Rev. Bliss thus commented he must
certainly have had In mind the Times,
Herafd and Express, and the Los Ange
les water fight.
The special committee which has
been appointed by the City Council to
look into the matter of a source of
mountain water supply has started to
work in earnest upon the difficult task,
which has been entrusted to Council
men Grider, Hutchison and Matthus.
The effort will now be made by the
syndicated water company press to dis
credit the report before it is even made
ot a hint given out as to what it is or
what it will be. This policy is clearly
outlined by the Express, which is
owned body and soul by the water
company. The intention is to claim
that the three Councilmen who have
been named are interested in some
scheme or to discredit them in some
way.
San Rafael Woman's Death.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 26.— The Coroner's
Jury In the inquest held over Mrs. Mary
Albert!, who committed suicide yester
day, returned a verdict to-day of death
caused by a dose of carbolic acid taken
with suicidal intent. The funeral will
take place to-morrow.
HIS LEG AMPUTATED.
Theodor Meetz, tbe Capitalist,
Suffering From Blood
Poisoning.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 26.— Theodor Meetz,
the well-known Alameda capitalist and
streetcar man, is lying at his home, 735
Railroad avenue, suffering from the am
putation of his right leg, as the result of
blood-j)oisoning. The operation took place
this morning, and was successfully per
formed by an Oakland physician.
Mr. Meetz has long suffered from a crip
pled foot, caused by being crushed while
he was driving one of his own streetcars
years ago. A bunion made Its appearance
on the big toe of this foot some time
since, and it finally became so painful
that about throe weeks ago the services
of a chiropodist were called in, and the
excrescence was removed. Blood-poison
ing, however, set in, and the leg became
bo painful and swelled to such a size that
it finally became necessary to amputate it
in order to save t-\T Meetz's life.
The patient, however, is some 77 years
of age, and it is considered very doubtful
whether he will fully recover. He is one
of the oldest residents of this city, and
has accumulated much property. For
years he was the owner of the only
streetcar line between this city and Oak
land, and realized large profits from it.
Besides his property in Alameda, ho
also owns land in Kern County and else
where in the interior. He has no family,
except his wife.
CINDERELLA CLUB'S
SECOND DANCE.
The second meeting of the Cinderella,
one of the most popular of the fashiona
ble dancing classes, was held last even
ing at Native Sons' Hall. The affair wna
a most delightful success, and there wero
more than 200 invited guests present.
Mrs. Gordon Blanding, Mrs. Austin C.
Tubbs, Mrs. Perry P. Moore and Mrs.
Robert L. Coleman officiated as a recep
tion committee.
The patronesses of the Cinderella are:
Mrs. E. E. Eyre, Mrs. Charles de Guigne,
Mrs. Gordon Blanding, Mrs. Percy Moore,
Mrs. Robert Coleman, Mrs. A. E. Head,
Mrs. Charles Josselyn, Mrs. Charles Page,
Mrs. Austin C. Tubbs, Mrs. Joseph A.
Donohoe and Mrs. C. A. Baldwin.
On Monday evening John H. Jewett
gave an elaborate dinner at his home,
corner of Bush and Jones streets. In
honor of the jubilee celebration. It was a
stcig party, and covers were laid for
fifty. The dining-room was fitted up a la
Klondike, and <-xoited unusual admiration.
Mrs. Yorke gave a card party last even
ing at her home, 2000 Pacific avenue.
Twenty-five guests were most delightfully
entertained.
Mrs. Theodore Payne has issued invita
tions for a luncheon at her home, 1409
Sutter street, on January 31. Covers will
be laid for ISO.
Mrs. Henry L. Dodge will give the first
of a heries of three luncheons on Satur
day at her residence on Franklin street.
Mrs. A. N. Drown will give a reception
(to be followed by a dinner) on Saturday,
January 20, at her home on Jackson
street. The entertainment is in honor of
her daughter, Miss J-iernice Drown.
The Forma <"lub has issued several
hundred invitations for a reception on
Saturday afternon, January 29. at their
new headquarters in Central block, cor
ner cf Sutter street and Grant avenue.
All the lady clubs in the city will be well
represented, and the reception promises
to be an unusually brilliant .iffalr.
NEW TO-DAY.
Cr aWi J ?r*\ttT N '
DR. SWEANY.
, If you are suffering from the results of
■ i indiscretions of youth, or from excesses
! ! of any kind in maturer years; or If you
! have Shrunken Organs, Lame Back, Vari-
' i cocele. Rupture, exhaustive drains, etc.,
• ' you should waste no time, but consult this
• j Great Specialist; he speedily and perma-
i | nently cures all diseases of Men and Wo-
men. Call on or write him to-day. He
• ; can cure you. Valuable Book sent Free.
' , Address
S\ T_i. STTVEJA-NTT, M.D.
• ! 737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
i j
No deception practiced.
No $100 Keward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous j
10 CENT TRiAL SIZE. 1
Jill*
Elys Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
urious drag. It opens and cleanses the Natal
Passages, Allays Pain and Inflammation. Heals
.-Mid Protects the Membrane. Restores the Sense*
; or Taste and Smell. la quickly absorbed. Give*
Relief at once. 60 cts. at Druggists or by mail,
•'rial Size 10 cts. at Drnegists or by mall.
-■ — — .^. «. «J». o— of, New York
«. _
*\ n A Af or FADED HATR RESTORED to
1 Zme MA T Touthful polorand txiautv by DR.
I ** ■ ttAY.V HAIR HEALTH. lJe-
! moves dandruff and scalp disease. Don't stain
' ; akin. rovers BALD spits. Absolutely harmless.
• ■ l.argo )>ottle3 60 cents, at druszists. Ket;»il agents.
NO-I'KRCKNTAI'rE p'HARMai V, P63 M»rket st,
iQ&i^lSlfe RUPTURE mo r? £2
. £&££■ \ \ /jf *^*wff Hoops or Steel Springs
! WD^&i&Sj* j^R Rupture retained with
War^fS^ ease and comfort, and
ff — ■'^vjWfj^OsJfc— "" thousands radically Cured
If _ -*j*<£/£» ■* jy *- >r - Pierces Celebrated
M SMi\. Magnetic Elastic Truss. |C7Call
H • / EB\ C^ at ■ office or write for New
m^ 'Of \ Pamphlet No. 1. ■ Address MAG-
; NETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
. DR. PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento st. (cor.
Kearny), SAN FRANCISCO. Cal. „ 
{grwhen writing please mention The Call.
fs^^ 1 * Ws will «snd you « fire (5) day trial
or kJ C KJ S treatment of the French Komedr
W fflLliH CALTHOS tree. <»• !'• <>- »"•) and
1 fiC-iSF «1 a lugal guaraa-.ee that CALTBOSwiii
fUP IT t II STOP DlxcharsM and Emtnlost,
BA'™ii <v«a t I'KK p*rmii<orrhra,Varlco<;cle,
Bt Ni)^S| * nJ KKSTOKE Lost Vl^or. *««
BfeM^jgJgj It costs you nothing to try it.
I Yon Moll I CO. 440 BBolcAm«rUaal U.ClßdaMtl,a
V Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is ■ a powerful .- phroa.aiao ■ and speclHo tonla
for ■ the sexual and urinary organs of both. '
i sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great * Restorative,
Invigorator. and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & PRUNE, Agents.
j 823 Market Street, S. f.— (Send for Circular.)HOT FIGHT
ON BOARD A
BRITISH BARK
Marion Frazer's Crew
Mutinies on Puget
Sound.
Seven Deserters Taken
Back to the Ship in
Irons.
They Break Their Fetters and
Kick the Captain Into In
sensibility.
BATTLE ROYAL ON DECK.
After a Desperate Struggle the Muti
neers Are Subdued and Return
to Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 26.— The crew
of the British bark Marlon Fraser.
which left Tacoma last week with
wheat for Europe, engaged in a terrific
free fight aboard the vessel while in
the straits Sunday. On Monday night
John P. Somburg and Victor Fred
berg, two of the crew, attempted to es
cape from the bark while she was lying
at shelter in Port Angeles. Fredberg
made shore, but his companion was
drowned. They used a raft made of
small timber. There was a heavy sea,
and the raft struck a wharf, broke up
and Somburg went under. Fredberg
got ashore after a hard experience. No
Inquest was considered necessary.
Somburg was buried at Port Angeles
to-day by citizens.
Seven sailors of the Fraser left her
here and libeled h^r for their wages.
declaring they had been treated cruelly
and given insufficient food. British
Consul Alexander investigated their
charges and pronounced them ground
less. He had the men arrested for de
serting and locked up by United States
Marshal Ide until the ship sailed, when
they were taken aboard in irons. En
to the ship three of them pulled
; ■ of iron from their- pockets and
I three large plate glass windows.
On i;oing aboard they refused to work
and were put in confinement.
Before Flattery was reached
th<> rebellious sailors had got out of
b..th irons and the ship's hospital, in
which they were locked up. Then fol
lowed a fight such as has not been
s^ :i aboard a ship on Puget Sound in
years. Captain McDonald, who was
the special object of their hatred, was
severely kicked In the stomach and
knocked senseless. His body and limbs
are black and blue from numerous
blows. Hard knocks were dealt on
b..th sides, but in the end the sailors
capitulated.
An account of the fight, written by
Captain McDonald and sent back by
his tug, reached her to-day. He says:
"We locked the men in the ship's hos
pital, but while In the straits they
worked the swivels in their irons until
they broke and soon all were loose.
They were given food through the
ports, and I Intended to let them out
this morning, but while we were at
breakfast some one knocked away the
barricade of the door and my birds
were walking the deck In about a
Becond.
"I called them aft and asked if they
were willing to turn to, but each re
fused. So I called the remainder of
th<* crew and said that if they refused
duty I would put Into Royal Roads
and land all of them for mutiny at sea.
"I then gave orders to the mate and
th a peaceable members of the crew to
handcuff the seven who would not
turn to. They fought like devils. It
took fifteen minutes to down the seven.
1 was badly kicked in the stomach. My
logs are black and blue from kicks,
and the faithful men of the crew are
bumped and bruised from head to foot.
"I then gave orders to the mate to
iron them. In a short time they sud
denly gave in and promised to work.
After warning them not to touch one
another in the forecastle and telling
them that the first man to start a row
would be put in irons again I un
shackled them and gave them their
clothes. They then quietly turned to."
TRAINS MAY SOON BE
RUN TO DAWSON CITY.
Contract Let for a Railway From Tele
graph Creek to Teslin
Lake.
OTTAWA, Ont., Jan. 26.— The contract
for building a railway from Telepraph
Creek to Teslin Lake, leading from the
headwaters of the Stickeen to Dawson,
has been signed by McKenzie & Mann,
the read to be commenced at a point not
yet d< elded upon near Glenora and run
xr< Teslin Lake over a country not very
difficult for railway construction. The
distance Is about 130 miles. The Canadian \
Government has agreed with the contrae- i
tors to give 2i>f">" acres of land per mile
aa ;i subsidy. The railway will be com- |
pleted in time to permit of supplies being
Ht-nt Into th»> Yukon before next winter
Steamers are to run from Tes
liti Lake to Dawson <ity.
INSECT MONSTROSITIES
PRODUCED BY GRAFTING.
Novel Experiments Conducted at the New
Jersey State Experiment
Station.
NEW YORK. .Tan. 26.— The New Jersey
State experiment station at New Bruns
wick has been grafiiriK Insects and pro
ducing monstrosities by grafting half of
one insect upon half of another. The
experiments were the subject of a paper
read by Professor Smith befofe the New
J. rsey Microscopical Society in New
Brunswick.
'All thai is necessary to do," said Pro
teseor Smith. "Is to Ret any number of
pupae of moths, put them on ice, cut off
their beads or their tall, solder them to
together with paraflne wax and let them
grow.' 1
Dr. Smith showed how Professor
Crampton of Ithica, N. V., had soldered
the head of one moth to the tall of a
second; how he had united bends to
heads, abdomens to dbdomens, backs to
backs ami breasts to breasts. A fair per
of the Insects live.
•The fact is important," said Dr. Smith,
"that we can graft at all and be assured
that experiments in this line will not
cease. They may be tried soon upon
animals higher in the scale."
PASSING OF ACTOR TAILLADE.
PARIS. Jan. 26.— M. Paul Felix Tafllade.
the well-known and veteran French actor.
Is dead. During the last few years his
appearance has been less frequent than
formerly, but from 1870 to IMH he was
almost continually before the public.
McKENNA
SWORN IN
AS JUSTICE
Seated Upon the Su
preme Court
Bench.
Much Pomp and Dignity
Involved in the
Ceremony.
Assumes the Vacant Chair at
the Left of the Chief
Justice.
MANY SENATORS PRESENT
Mrs. McKenna and Her Daughtars
Interested Spectators of the Im
posing Proceedings.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington. Jan. 26.
Associate Justice McKenna took his
seat upon the Supreme" Bench to-day,
attended by the usual ceremonies of
such an occasion. The Supreme Court
room was crowded to its fullest ca
pacity, the throng including Joseph
Choate of New York, Senator Hoar of
Massachusetts, Turpie of Indiana, Ma
son of Illinois, Carter at Montana.
Mark Hanna and Assistant Attorney-
General Boyd. The new Attorney-Gen
eral. Griggs, was absent.
Judge McKenna's wife and daughters
and the wives and families of the other
Justices were in the reserved seats to
the left of the court.
There Is a great deal of pomp and
dignity involved in the seating of a
new Judge on the Supreme bench, and
as the occasion is a rare one the offi
cials of the court made the most of to
day's function.
Prior to entering the courtroom the
statutory oath was administered to
Judge McKenna, in the robing-room,
by the Chief Justice in the presence
of the members of the court. Judge
McKenna then donned his black silk
robe and took his place at the end of
the Judicial line, preparatory to enter
ing the courtroom. While the court
crier was announcing the forma! en
trance of the court the spectators arose
and remained standing until the Chief
Justice and his associates reached their
respective seats.
In the meantime Judge McKenna
had tarried at the clerk's desk, where
he remained seated until the Chief
Justice announced the formal appoint
ment of Judge McKenna by the Presi
dent. <"lerk McKinney read at lenuth
the commission of the new Associate
Justice. The latter then arose and pro
ceeded to read the Judicial oath. The
« hi"f Justice, the Associate Justices and
all the spectators arose and remained
standing while Judge McKenna road
In a clear, steady voice the usual oath.
H" then kissed the Bible presented
him by Clerk McKinney, and immedi
ately became eligible to participate In
the proceedings of the court. The mar
shal of the court escorted the new Jus
tice to the vacant chair at the extreme
left of the Chief Justice.
I'pon taking his seat Judge McKenna
turned and smiled approvingly to his
wifA and daughters, who fairly beamed
with delight.
The ceremony being concluded Chief
Justice Fuller announced the regular
order of business.
SON OF SENATOR HANNA
SUED FOR A DIVORCE.
Charged With Gross Neglect of and Ex
treme Cruelty to His
Wife.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— A special to th*
Herald from Cleveland says: "Dan"
Hanna. son of Senator M. A. Haiina,
lias been sued for divorce by his wife,
Carrie May Hanna. In the petition,
which was filed late this afternoon, the
plaintiff says the defendant has been
guilty of gross neglect of duty toward
lit-r and has treated her with extreme
cruelty. Mrs. Hanna asks for a divorce
and reasonable alimony, "and that th«
court will make such order concerning
the care and custody of their three
minor children as shall be Just and rea
sonable."
The parties to the suit were married
in Ksranaba. Mich., on August I, lU7,
and have three children— Marcus Alonzo
Hanna. aped 9; Carl Harrington Hanna,
;i^- '1 v. arid Daniel Rhodes Hanna. aged
8. Prior to the filing of papers in the suit
for divorce the couple had. it, is satd,
agreed to a mutual separation. "Dan"
agreed to allow his wife $70<M) a year and
the Euclid avenue home, and she was to
retain possession of the children, with
the understanding that they be permit
ted to visit their father occasionally.
TEMBLOR SHAKES HOUSES
IN AN ARKANSAS TOWN.
Residents of Helena Startled by a Suc
cession of Severe Earthquake
Shocks.
HELENA. Ark., Jan. 26.— At 8:50 o'clock
this evening this city was startled by a
severe earthquake shock. Houses were
shaken to their foundations, and a suc
cession of noises was heard that sounded
like immense explosions. There were
three distinct shocks, in quick succession,
the first being the most severe, and the
three occupying less than half a dozen
seconds. They were succeeded by a
trembling or shaking motion and not by
the usual swaying and waving motion.
Telephone messages from country points
indicate that the shock was felt at many
places.
FOR KLONDIKE RELIEF.
General Merriam Charters a Steamer for
Use of the Expedition.
PORTLAND. Jan. 26.— General Merriam,
commanding the Department of the Co
lumbia, to-day chattered a steamboat to
convey the supplies and baggage of the
Alaska relief expedition from Vancouver
barracks to this city, from which point
they will be shipped to Dyea by the
steamer George W. Elder on February 1.
Most of the pack animals and packers
have been sent to Seattle. From there
they will go by steamer to Dyea.
CAS TINE SAILS NORTHWARD.
United States Gunboat Ordered From Monxe
vidio to llba Grande.
Copyright. IS9S. by Jamos Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Jan. 26.— The Her
ald's correspondent In Montevideo, Uru
guay, advises mi- that, acting under or
ders from Washington, the. United States
gunboat Castine has tailed for Üba
Grande, Brazil.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, THTJKSDAT, JAXFARY 27, 1898.
The above fac-simile Is of the original poster put up by the Vigilance Committee of the town of Randsburg on
December 7. 1596. warning lawless characters to leave the camp. It accomplished the purpose which it was intended
to serve, and is one of the relics of the camp no money could purchase, although many offers have been
made for it. The original, sent to The Call by express, and received last night, will, at the request of the ex
chairman of the Vigilantes, be presented to the Park Museum.
On January 18, 1897. there was a heavy fall of snow at Randsburg, and in the battle of snow-balls that followed,
the old poster, still on its wall, was made the target for many a missile. This accounts for Its dilapidated appear
ance.
RAXDSBURfI, Jan. 26.— Since the fire Randsburp has been fast filling up with many members of the half
world. Other than the many petty larcenies there have b en no criminal acts; still, the citizens' committee, think
ing prevention is better than a cure, have posted up the following typewritten notice with good effect.
"NOTICE — Objectionable characters, such as live upon the earnings of fallen women, vagrants, ex-convlcts, etc.,
are hereby notified that the spirit of decency has been aroused to the limit of endurance, and
N< -TICK IS HEREBY GIVEN
That all such persons are ordered to leave town forthwith. Failing to do so. summary action will be taken
at once. A list of names, including many persons of the above character, is now in the hands of this committee, and
the peace officers have full instructions and the earnest support of this committee and the community at large.
(Signed) "CITIZENS' COMMITTEE OF RANDSBURG."
JIMS LOCKED
IN A COLD ROOM
Given the Alternative
of Agreeing or
Freezing.
Reach a Verdict When Almost
Dead and Suffering
Greatly.
Steam Was Turned Off as Soon »s
They Had Retired to
Deliberate.
Special Dlßi<atch to The Call.
BOSTON. Jan. 26.— 1f the story upon
which is based the charge of corrup
tion of the Jury which heard the case
of Bucksport vs. Bluehill in the Han
cock County Supreme Court is true,
that jury has passed through an exper
ience probably never before undergone
under similar circumstances by any
twelve Maine jurymen. That twelve
men should have been kept locked up
in a cold room through such a severe
night as was that of last Saturday,
' without lights, and then told that if
they did not agree they would have to
stay ther-» tw?nty-four hours longer,
seems Incredible, yet that is the story
which has occasioned a motion that the
verdict be set aside, and which the
court will investigate.
The action was brought to determine
a pauper settlement. The case was an
old one, and had been in the courts be
fore. There was a great deal of inter
est in it all over the county from the
fact that at one time or another mem
bers of this particular family had lived
in and received aid from a great many
different towns. So closely were the
lines drßwn that it was difficult to get
a jury to try the case, and a special ve
nire had to be issued in order to fill the
panel.
The case went to the jury on Satur
day afternoon about 6 o'clock. Then
the steam was turned off. and the room
allowed to become so cold that the
Jurors put on their overcoats, but could
even then barely keep from freezing, as
a terrible blizzard was blowing. Then
the lights were put out.
Some time Sunday morning the of
ficer in charge of the Jury entered the
room and Informed the members that
unless they should agree upon a ver
dict before midnight they would be kept
where they were until 9 o'clock Monday
mominp. At 9 o'clock Sunday morn-
Ing a. sealed verdict was rendered.
Tn the meantime the counsel for the
plaintiff had heard of the alleged oc
currences in the Jury room, and excep
tion* were filed askiner that the verdict
be set aside on the ground that the
jury had been corrupted.
Sugar Industry in Germany.
BERLIN. Jan. 26.— During the debate
In the Reichstag to-day on the proposals
of the Conservatives to tax Saccharine
A RANDSBURG RELIC.
as a rival of tlie sugar industry. Baron
yon Thlelman. Sr-r-retary of the Imperial
Treasury, saH t!-- Government would do
its utmost for the sugar Industry. He
added that an annual conference would
meet In three weeks and asserted that the
views of Austria and civ r many harmon
ized.
MANY WITNESSES SWEAR
THEY SAW MRS. LUETGERT.
The Close of the Case for the Defense in
the Chicago Murder
Trial.
CHICAGO. Jan. 26.— Acocrding to the
testimony of the witnesses for the de
fense, which closed its cue with ad
journment of the- court to-day, the mi?s>
ing wife of Adolph I>. I.uetgrert is übi
quitous. The Kenosha witness saw her
in the Wisconsin town fr.ini May 3 to
6 of last year; Mrs. Thompson of Ke
wanee. 111., chatted with the wife of the
sausage-maker at the railroad station in
<<dar Kapids. la., the nipht of May 25;
Armadale I'pdyko. on th>' night of June
10 met her on tho river road, near Janes
ville. Wis. . and the day following Henry
Klofer saw her near Hanson Park, a
suburb of Chicago. Theodore Arandt met
her in the Metropolitan Elevated Rail
road station Ht Marshfleld avenue tho
afternoon of July is and six residents of
Monmouth. 111., saw her there on August
■.
It is poaalbifl that other witnesses will
be brought In to-morn.w to testify that
Mrs. Luetferi had t n elsewhere since
tho night of M,-,y 1 last.
The defense rented at adjournment and
to-morrow the State will begin its re
buttal. A score of witnesses will be in
troduced to controvert the stories of
Luetgert's friends, but the prosecution
expects to finish during this week.
TO ESTABLISH A GOLD
STANDARD FOR INDIA.
Lord George Hamilton Says Steps to That
End May Be Taken Within the
Next Tear.
LONDON. Jan. 26.— Lord George Ham
ilton, Secretary of State for India, speak
ing to-night at C'hiswick. said he thought
that during the cottTM Of tho next twelve
months tho Government might take steps
to establish a gold standard for India.
Lord George Hamilton read a dispatch
from the Indian government, stating that
the revenue was coming in well; that the
expenditures on the frontier were mu< h
less than had been anticipated, and that
the Government expected to be able to
meet without difficulty all disbursements
for the present fiscal year, with the pros
pect of a substantial surplus for next
year's proceedings.
DR. SCHENCK'S SECRET
IS NOW ON THE MARKET.
Sale of German Rights to a Brochure
Describing His System of Sex
Selection.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— The London cor
respondent of the World says that Pro
fessor Samuel Schenck. who professes to
have discovered the secret of sex selec
tion, refuses to be further Interviewed by
the press. He has prepared a brochure
describing his system, and has sold the
German rights to it for $10,000. The pam
phlet will not be published till the rights
have been sold in America and England.
Merced Pioneer Dies of Heart Failure.
MERCED, Jan. 26.— John Ranks of tho
pioneer firm of Banks & Bedeson, butch
ers, who have been doing business here
for a quarter of a century, died suddenly
this evening of heart failure while at a
woodshed gathering wood. Deceased was
a prominent pioneer citizen and a native
of Germany, aged 62 years. He leaves a
widow an 4 family. . :-■•., .."••
ISABEL MOLINA
FOUND GUILTY
The Bakersfield Murderer Gets
No Recommendation
to Mercy.
His Crime Was Most Atrocious and
the Verdict Meets With Uni
versal Approval.
Special Pljpatrh tn The Call.
RAKEUSFIELD, Jan. 26.-Ysabel Mo
lina, who shot to death Emeliano Ramos
at this place In the early morning of De
cember 2, was found guilty to-day of
murder in the first degree, without recom
mendation for life sentence. He had "been
on trial for the crime since Monday morn
ing. The jury was out only fifteen min
utes. The cool, fierce-eyed desperado re
ceived the announcement of his doom
with a marked Purrantlc indifference.
When questioned as to what he thought
of the verdict he shrugged his shoulders,
smiled and replied:
"Don't know; I did not think it would
be that way. Guess I will have to stand
It. What can I do?"
He then ceased i<> talk and deftly rolled
a cigarette and coolly walked to his cell.
Molina la about 40 years of ape and has
served several terms In the State prisons
for blood-letting. The crime for which
he stands convicted was committed In a
most cold-blooded manner. He invited
liis victim out of a saloon and tielilrf>r
at«'ly shot him to death and then nr?d.
He displayed much desperate daring by
hanging around several days before try
ing to get out of the country.
This is the first "hanging verdict" since
ISBB to be recorded in Kern County. It
meets with universal approval, and" such
remarks as "We hope the good work will
continue now that It has started" are
frequently heard.
MAYFLOWER CHANGES HANDS.
Four Hundred Thousand Dollars Paid for
the Yacht
Copyright, IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS. Jan. 26.— The Figaro this morn
ing says that the yacht Mayflower has
been bought for $400,000 by an illustrious
yachtsman, who desires for the present
to remain incognito.
NEW TO-DAY. ■ '
we E MOVED FR ° m T %OO BL OCK
HMVE /TIVyVC/lJ S>OO BLOCK.
To 809 Market Street, Flood Building, Corner Fourth and Market.
No students or Inexperienced men to do your work. We guarantee all work and the most
courteous treatment,' with prices lees than one-half given you by any first-class dentists In
the city. OUR PRICES FOR THE NEXT 30 DAYS WILL BE:
FULL SET OF TEETH for .".»4 60 up I ■ SILVER FILLING 25c un
GOLD CROWNS. Ek.. S5O up GOLD FILLING T. .c up
BRIDGE WORK, per Tooth.;. 3 50 up I ! CLEANING TEETH .:............ 50c up
. By leaving your order for Teeth In the morning you can get them the same day.
No charge for Extracting Twill when* plates are ordered.
. . . . Work done as well at night as by daylight by
v /■< .V \L , the modern electrical devices used here. Lady A*, »f%
V< Ih/ .]*' 4 attendant. . A physician always In attendance. vtfllTl
\\\T^f«/^ DON'T FORGET THE NUMBER, vttV/J'V
-— 800 MARKET STREET, COR. FOURTH, *>'
__ Z^ifi'iyJ^^^-' . Second Floor, Flood Building '^Sv^^SrfS-"
~~*2l?t^ — Reception Room 7. nD T C STRONG. """"^jnT^'' 3?=l
_>=T?Wtf?\r*N Reception Room 7. Ulli li L. OInUIVJ. -^^^V^P
S'f*lS\\. ' .Office hours— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Sundays— ,: ■S'\f/?t'\A\ - i
RUSSIANS
TO CROSS
THE ARCTIC
Planning to Make the
Siberian Rivers
Valuable.
Ice in the Kara Sea the
Main Obstacle to the
Project.
Usually All This Disappears
in the Month of
August.
NAVIGATION IS POSSIBLE.
Some Experiments That May Make the
Settlement of the Plains of Cen
tral Asia Feasible.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash.. Jan. 26.— Russia
greatly desires to find means of com
munication between her north coast
and Siberia by crossing the Arctic Sea.
To this end she will make some exper
iments next summer. According- to ad
vices received tn-day by steamer Brae
mer. Admiral Makaroff, of the Russian
navy, has announced his belief that it
is possible to travel to Siberia by water
across the Arctic Sea. The Admiral
has lately returned to St. Petersburg
from a Journey along the extreme
northern coast, where he made extend
ed investigations and observations re
garding currents, seasons and the
breaking up of Ice in summer. His
report states that the chief obstacles
to the establishment of a maritime
route to the Obi and Yenisei rivers are
the Ice floes from the Kara Sea, located
between the island of Nova Zembla
and the Obi Peninsula. It Is found that
as a rule this sea is free from ice dur
ing August, though It occasionally hap
pens that Ice lasts throughout the sum
mer.
Admiral Makaroff believes that regu
lar communication with the north flow
ing Siberian rivers can be established
through July and August by providing
vessels bound for those ports with an
escort of boats furnished with • ice
plows.
The government Is planning to test
his project, being greatly encouraged
by the success of the Danish Ice break
ers in keeping Vladivostock harbor
open this winter.
The Obi and Yenisei penetrate the
central portion of Russia's possessions,
their tributaries extending to the boun
daries of Turkestan and the Chinese
Empire. These rivers drain immense
fertile plains, which Russia is desirous
of having more completely settled.
Lack of transportation is the principal
drawback and this will be largely
overcome if Admiral Makaroff 1 s plan is
feasible. Materials for the trans-Si
berian railroad can also be handled
more cheaply that way.
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE
HAS ANOTHER RELAPSE.
Again Takes a Turn for the Worse — Can
Retain No Nourishment and Steadily
Grows Weaker.
BAN JOSE. Jan. 26.— Charles M. Short
ridge took a turn for the worse this
afternoon. He can take no nourishment
and Is steadily growing weaker.
TO UTILIZE THE WHITTIER FUND.
Plans for the Erection of Modern Trades
and Other Buildings.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 26.— At a meeting
of the board of trades of the Whittler
State School held to-day it was decided
to utilize the fund known as the Whittler
Reform School fund in making needed
improvements. This fund has been paid
into the State treasury for the account of
the school by the different counties of the
State for the maintenance of inmates and
will aggregate, present and prospective,
about $125,000.
Plans for the construction of modern
trades and other buildings were adopted
to-day. These will have to be submitted
for approval to the State Building Board,
composed of the Governor, Secretary of
State and Treasurer. It is expected that
the matter will be taken up immediately
and the Improvements commenced in the
near future.
SIGNIFICANT MOVEMENT
OF BRITISH WAR VESSELS.
Hurrying Southward From Esquimau to
the Chilean Coast — Serious
Trouble fs Anticipated.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 26.— The information
roparrHnK the trip south of tho British
Cruiser Phonsant. now here, is rather
startling if true, and it seems well
authenticated. While the officers of the
Pheasant would convey the Impression
thai their trip down the coast is merely
a cruise, it is learned indirectly from one
of the subordinates that their ship is
being hurried to reach the southern
■waters, where she is tv> Join the big
cruiser Amphion, and the two will go
south to Iquique. The I.eander and tor-
P< Mo-destroyer Sparrowhawk are also un
derstood to be on thHr way south, and
were to have left Esquimau yesterday.
It is impossible to learn what trouble
the British are expecting off the coast of
Chile, but it must be considered serious
for the I,eander and Sparrowhawk to be
ordered from Esquimau so soon after
their long voyage from England.
NEW TO-DAY.
Every one calls himself*
a Klondike outfitter, ,
which title is vested in \
one cloth painted Klon-
dike sign and a show-
window with a few sam-
ples — there it ends.
But ive are practical
outfitters. The outfits
tha t we have for you for
the Klondike are such as
you'll need, and we show
the biggest assortment —
in fact, larger ilian all
\ the other stores in town
combined.
We have everything
that you need. The
clothes to wear for outer
and under wear, the
provisions, the groceries,
the headwear — in fact,
every tiling you need.
Ours is the only com-
plete outfitting house in
town.
You'll find our prices
way under other stores.
The parities that we have
outfitted have told us so.
And there's reliability
in what we utter — there's
reliability in the outfits
thai we have. Our name
guarantees that.
Our folder on Alaskan
Outfits free for the ask-
ing.
RAPHAEL'S
inoo:fl:fo:r,.a.teid,
PRACTICAL ALASKAN
OUTFITTERS,
191 9, 11, IS, 15 Kearny St.
2 Entire Buil dings— B floors.
FREE
SATURDAY, JANUARY 29,
With Every 25c Purchase—
A 25c Guaranteed Toothbrush,
A 25c Package Pure Sachet,
A 50c Handsome Calendar,
Or a 35c Children's Picture and
Story Book,
AST
Waller Bros.,
Leading Cut -Rate Druggists,
33 GRANT AYE., COR. GEARY.
Close ONE EYE and then the OTHER)
IF You CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR/
AND FAR CALL AND SEE US. -
OPTICIANS •PHOToG B l HH s u LIESj
. tonne Instruments \\^
~JfT 642 MARKET ST. Vp
UNDtuCHKOrtIUt SL'ILDINOw^
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
_^ 1004 Market St.,
] Near Powell.
Telephone, South 4ao,
"mJIQNDLTY.
r IMHS WKMKNOV^f AND KKM ABLE QLTt
I ■•■ Private. Nervous, s; ■<>;: and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' exp<>rieuce. ■ Send for Book, frpf. r Patients
curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3
daily ;«::» toS.SOev'cs. . Sjr.days, 10 to 12. Consulta-
Uod free and sacredly couflderitiivU Call or address
P. BOSCOE WcXUXTY, M. ».,
BS# licajny Street. Ham 2 ihbcUcq. Cab
34
SHERMAN
BIDS DOLE
WELCOME
Hawaiia's Chief Ar
rives at the Na
tion's Capital.
Greeted at the Depot by
the Secretary of
State.
Conveyed in President McKln
ley's Carriage to His
Quarters.
SHOWN EVERY COURTESY.
The American Executive Sends Con
gratulations and Notice of
a Visit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington. Jan. 26.
President Dole of Hawaii arrived
here at 2:10 p. m., and. in behalf of the
Government, was welcomed by Secre
tary Sherman and Assistant Secretary
Adee. The Presidential party was be
lated by storms along the way. and it
was three hours after the schedule
time that the train swung into the Bal
timore and Ohio depot. A crowd of
several hundred had assembled on
North Capitol street, and three platoons
of mounted police were on hand to act
as an escort.
As the train came to a stop Mr. Sher
man and Mr. Adee stepped on the rear
platform, and were met by Assistant
Secretary Cridler, who conducted them
inside for the first greetings to Presi
dent and Mrs. Dole and the party.
There was a brief and informal ex
change of compliments, and then the
party filed out to the waiting carriages.
As they alighted Secretary Sherman
and President Dole, with Mrs. Dole
standing between them, were photo
graphed. Then Secretary Sherman of
fered his arm to Mrs. Dole and escort
ed her to President McKinley's car
riage.
The platoons of officers wheeled
about, the spirited bays of the White
House stepped off at a lively gait, and
the party proceeded to the Arlington,
where the Hawaiian executive will be
the nation's guest. In the second car
riage were Minister Hatch of Hawaii,
Assistant Secretary Cridler and Mr.
Dole's private secretary.
Following this was the carriage of
Assistant Secretary Adee and Dr. Day,
the physician of Mr. Dole. The fourth
cairiage contained Major Heislandt,
representing the army, and Lieutenant-
Commander Phelps of the navy. There
was no military display, simplicity
being the order at Mr. Dole's request.
The Arlington was reached about
2:30. Secretary Sherman, with Mr-.
Dole on his arm, escorted the party to
their rooms and then took his official
leave. Mr. Porter, private secretary to
the President, accompanied by Colonel
Bingham, was notified by telephone of
the arrival and sorn appeared, bearing
the congratulations of President Mc-
Kinley and requesting to be informed
when it would be most convenient fur
the President of the Hawaiian republic
to receive him in person. It was ar
ranged that, soon after the arrival of
their baggage. President Dole would
notify President McKinley of his
readiness to receive him.
The apartments to which the dis
tinguished guests were assigned are on
the second floor, facing Vermont ave
nue and I street. The drawing room is
in the corner, and next on the Vermont
side are the bedrooms of President and
Mrs. Dole. The private dining room
adjoins the drawing room on the I
street front. The furnishings of the
apartments are rich, but apparently
there had been no effort at display.
Thp decorations consisted almost en
tirely of American Beauty roses, which
had been tastefully arranged on tho
mantles and tables.
UNION PACIFIC TRAINS
TO MAKE FAST TIME.
Improved Passenger Service to Go Into
Effect on the Sixth of
February.
OMAHA. Jan. 26— On February 6 there
■will be a complete reorganization and im
provement of the passenger train service
of the reorpanized Union Pacific Railroad.
Two handsomely appointed trains to run
between Chicago and Denver via the
Northwestern and the Union Pacific Rail
roads will be placed in service, and the
runningtime of all theexpress trainswill
be considerably shortened, recent experi
ments having proved that the Union .ra
ciflc can run its heaviest trains at as high
a rate of speed as is found on i_ny rail
road in the United States. Two" new
trains between Chicago and Denver will
be scheduled between forty-five and flftv
miles an hour, and this will necessitate
their being run at the rate of nftv-ilve to
sixty miles an hour.
The Colorado special will reach Chicago
at noon, reach Omaha at midnight and
Denver the next morning. The San Fran
cisco through service will bo shortened
six hours, the train leaving Chicago late
nights to connect with the New York
Central through train, thus cutting the
time from New York to San Francisco
twelve hours. This means a rearrange
ment of all Western schedules on the
roads.
A SAN RAFAEL MAN'S
HOME IS FORTIFIED.
Patrick Rice Fires a Shot at a Woman, and
Afterward Secures His Freedom on
$100 Bonds.
SAX RAFAEL, Jan. 2C— Patrick Rice,
an old resident, lias turned his home into
a fortification, and, like old General
Clay's home in Kentucky, there are arms
stacked In the hallways ready for ap
proaching trouble. Rice very recently
pot into trouble by taking a shot at Mrs
William Brown, the wife of a San Fran
cisco mechanic. Brown swore out a war
rant before a local Justice for Rice's ar
rest for disturbing the peace, not desir
ing to arrest the man for a graver of
fense. Rice secured his liberty in $100
bonds, and is now at home ready with
gun and pistol to stand off any one who
approaches.
It seems that Mrs. Brown got into an
argument, and Rice got so excited that
he fired at her. Officer O'Brien went to
place Rice under arrest and found him
locked in his room, threatening to kill
the officer if he made an attempt to get
in and place him under arrest. Finally
however, Itice came out and secured
bonds.
PIGMIES OF.
THE UPPER
AMAZON
Discovery Made by a
Traveler From
Boston.
Strange Race Which Is
Evidently of Indian
Descent.
Ugly in Shape and Too Lazy
to Do More Than Hunt
and Gorge.
THE MEN ARE WARRIORS.
To the Number of Ten or Fifteen
Thousand They Rove the
Rio Negro Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 26.— A Boston man
just returned from South America has
brought a marvelous tale of the discov
ery of a race of pigmies inhabiting the
valley of the Amazon. He has not only
seen them, but stayed in their villages,
entered their houses, pat about their
camp fires, been with them on the hunt
and witnessed some of their religious
ceremonies.
Ebon J. Sullivan, for months accom
panied only by natives, rowed up the
mighty Amazon and the tributaries in
a dugout canoe. In this way he pene
trated to the headwaters of the Rio Ne
ero, where he came upon a nomadic
race of pigmies.
K. G. Haliburton of Boston, fellow
of the Royal Geographical Society, one
of the best authorities in the world on
pigmy races, thinks it of the greatest
value to anthropologists to have the
tradition of pigmy races in South
America, recorded by Humboldt in the
first years of this century, so strikingly
verified. In Mr. Haliburton's opinion.
Sullivan's observations clear the sub
ject and leave no doubt as to the exist
ence of numerous pigmy tribes in Gui
ana and Venezuela. Mr. Sullivan said
to-day:
"I met while on the Rio NegTo, one of
the tributaries of the Upper Amazon,
a race of remarkably small people, who
were more likely of an Indian than of a
negro origin, judging from their hair
and the peculiar color of the skin,
which was a brilliant livid reddish yel
low.
"They are very ugly in shape; their
stomach, which js distended in the back
as well as front, is big and out of all
proportion to their tiny, spindling "arms
and legs. I think this is caused by their
anaconda-like practice of gorging.
After a hunt they will eat like animals,
and then lie about listlessly in the hot
tropical sun for days till hunger again
Impels thfm to get more game.
"Curiously enough, they appear to be
metal-workers and tip their darts with
bits of hardened iron or steel made
from native ores. These darts are pro
jected from a blowgun, like a boy's
toy, but with deadly effect. They can
actually propel a light dart several
hundred feet by the mere power of
their lungs in blowing through a tube.
They are a race of roving hunters and
warriors. They are a vain and boast
ful people. I think that they may num
ber ten to fifteen thousand souls.
"These people are not over four feet
eight inches in height and the women
are less than this. Clothing Is worn
only by adults and consists of merely a
cloth over the krins. Their hair is done
up and Ftuck together by mud in a
most grotesque and repulsive fashion.
They have tribal marks that cover the
upper body and head, made by slits
in the skin.
"Their huts are sometimes construct
ed of mud. in which case they are low
and resemble a half egg with an open
ing at one end called massongos. The
same name applies to their huts when
made from poles and woven grass.
They have many fetish gods or idols
which represent animals and are very
ugly. As to the name of these pigmy
people, they were, as I remember them,
Makalak, Malaka and Malakrat."
SANTA CRUZ CONSTABLE
ON TRIAL FOR MAYHEM.
Arraignment of Joseph Harveston, Accused
of Being an Accomplice of George
F. Plyier.
SANTA CRUZ. Jan. 20. — The trial of
Constable Joseph Harveston. charged
with mayhem, began in the Superior Court
to-day. Harveston is wtll known
throughout the county and has served
several terms as constable. He is ac
cused of having been an accomplice of
George F. Plyier in maiming Charles
Harris. The courtroom was crowded and
a Jury was secured this afternoon.
Diptrlrt Attorney I,lndsay told the story
of thf crime and Harris testified to see
ing three men in the room, but could only
identify Plyier. He 6ald Harveston had
handed him a note from Mrs. Plyier.
Mrs. Plyier. who was next called, testi
fied that her husband was the only per
son she recognized; that she was too
busy trying to got out of the room to
bother about seeing who the other men
were. She said that Harveston had called
twice at the room while Harris was pres
ent to see her about a telephone mes
sage from San Jose. She was next cross
examined and after her testimony she
retired to an ante-room and shed bitter
tears of remorse and became hysterical
William Bishop testified to Plyier tele
phoning for Harveston.
J. P. Majors testified that the defend
ant had said he had been paid to watch
the house in which were Harris and Mrs
Plyier.
Sensational testimony is expected to be
introduced by the prosecution to-morrow.
REASON DETHRONED BY
SICKNESS AND OVERWORK.
R. F. House, a Prominent Republican Politi-
cian of Los Angeles. Shows Signs
of Insanity.
. LOS ANGELES, Jan. To-morow, R.
F. House, one of the best-known Repub
lican politicians in the State, an honored
and respected citizen and one of the Los
Angeles County pioneers, will be exam
ined as to his sanity.
Mr. House has for some time past been
in very poor health, and he has given nu
merous evidences of the fact that his
Elm hLT/^"? 3 ' 111 the general do-
VL-itM«^ ad * SPt ln as to hls system.
Within the J? ast few days his mental con
dition has become so aggravated that it
has become necessary to confine him In
an asylum. For this reason, regular court
proceedings will be Instituted to-morrow.
Mr House is a wealthy man. Ills estate
is valued at $100,000. He has been most
prominent in Masonic circles and has a
large circle of friends throughout the
Sta^e. The chances for his recovery are
most remote. The cause of. Mr House's
physical disability -la .overwork. ;
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL, THI T RSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1898.
CAPTAIN EDWARD OAKFORD.
TULARE, Cal., Jan. 2n.— Captain Edward Oakford has just been ap
pointed postmaster of Tulare. and his selection pleases all patrons of tne
office. Captain Oakford is a native of Illinois, removing at an early age to
Minnesota, where he lived for many years. With his family he came to
California in 1S8">, locating at Tularc, where he has since resided. For some
years he was active in real estate and insurance lines, but of late has been
secretary of the Tulare Irrigation District. Mr. Oakford was captain of
Company F, Minnesota Independent Battalion Cavalry, earning distin
guished mention on the field. His appointment as postmaster is particu
larly fitting, and his administration of the office will be successful.
LITIGATION TO
BE DISMISSED
Compromise of a Noted
Los Angeles Will
Contest.
Agreement Finally Reached as
to the Late Bridget Wil
son's Estate.
Administrator Will Settle Through
His Bondsmen and Relinquish
All Claims.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 26.— 1t seems
that the litigation over the estate of
the late Bridget Wilson is about to
come to a close. The inevitable dis
pute over the validity of the will was
fought all the way to the Supreme
Court, but after that was settled a
long litigation was threatened between
the heirs of the estate and the special
administrator. John P. Moran.
When Bridget Wilson died leaving a
large amount of valuable real estat<>
in this city and cutting off her hus
band. John Wilson, with practically
nothing, a will contest resulted.
Judge Clark gave a decision for the
contestant and revoked the probate of
the will. In 1805 the court appointed
M .>ran special administrator of the
estate under $38,000 bonds. An appeal
was taken to the Supreme Court and
Judge Clark was reversed. The
original administrators were rein
stated and a settlement wa. made by
Moran, the special administrator. In
this settlement it was found that he
had $9316 54 belonging to the estate.
In September. 1897, the adminis
trators of the estate made a demand
on Moran for this amount, but with
the exception of $635 34, which he paid
; before the settlement of the account,
;he refused to pay the shortage. An
: action was thereupon brought against
, him to recover the balance, $8680 80,
; which action is still pending.
In February, 1597, however, John
! Wilson died, leaving his sister, Matilda
; "Walden, as his sole heir to battle for a
share in the estate. Through her ef
; forts a compromise in the will contest
j was brought about, and it is to bo
I peaceably settled and all litigation is
i about to be dismissed. Through his
! bondsmen Moran has offered to pay
! $3065 67 and to relinquish all claims on
] the estate due him as administrator.
\ The compromise has been accepted.
THE STATE ASSOCIATION'S
FINE POULTRY DISPLAY.
Largest and Best Ever Seen on the Coast.
Winners of the Few Premiums
Thus Far Awarded.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 26.— The display
of poultry at the State Association's
j show now in progress here is said to be
j the largest and best ever seen on the
! Coast. Only a few premiums have thus
j far been awarded. They are as follows:
Barred Plymouth rock— Cockerel, score
92%, E. J. Bordel, Sacramento, exhibitor;
1 pullet, score W. C. J. Cox. Delano, cx
| nlbltor; hen, score 94V4. C J. Cox, Delano,
' exhibitor.
White Plymouth rock— Hen, score 92,
! Heckel & Morshead. San Jose, exhibitors;
I cockerel, score 62' i. Herkel & Morsht -:i.l.
i San Jose, exhibitors; pullet, score 93>£. E.
Hoerler, San Jose, exhibitor; cockerel.
More 91Vi. E. Hoerler, San Jose, exhi
bitor.
Buff Plymouth rock— Pullet, score 904.
C. J. Cox, Delano, exhibitor; pullet, score
SSVs. C. J. Cox, exhibitor; cockerel, score
90'^. C. J. Cox. exhibitor.
I Barred Plymouth rock— Cockerel, score
91, E. A. Noyes. West Butte. exhibitor.
To-morrow the dog show will begin and
continue till Sunday night. It promises
to be a good one as to quality, though
not large.
REBELS GATHER ON THE
FRONTIER OF ECUADOR.
All Is Quiet in Guayaquil and No Danger
From the Insurgents Is
Feared.
Copyright, IS9S. .by James Gordon Bennett.
GUAYAQUIL, Ecuador. Jan. 26.— 1t Is
reported that the rebels are on the fron
tier. All 1h quiet in Guayaquil, however
The government Is apparently strong and
no danger from the rebels is feared.
Apoplexy Seizes a Petaluma Capita/its.
PETALL'MA, Jan. 26.-M. McNamara,
a well-known pioneer capitalist, was
stricken by apoplexy at his home in this
city to-day. Small hopes are entertained
tor hit recovery,
JUNK SHOP IN
A COURTROOM
Judge Angellotte Arbi
trates a Larkspur
Feud.
— — — _ —
Remarkable Bill of Complaint
of Landlord Against
Tenant.
Small Compensation for a Wrecked
Cottage— The Plaintiff Uses
His Fist.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Jan. 26.— Superior
Judge F. M. Angellotti's courtroom
looked like a second-hand junkshop to
d;ty, fur broken dishes, cracked stoves,
wrecked crockery, smashed music
boxea and oth-r unsightly objects lit
tered the desks and the courtroom as
exhibits in one of the strangest cases
which has come before his Honor for
some time. And on the courthouse
steps at noon to-day one of the attor
neys in the case used his fist on the
face of the defendant's brother-in-law
to add to the general excitement.
It all occurred over the lease of a
little cottage in Larkspur by George
G. Gormley of San Franc^oo. Gormley
rented the place from W, H. Mahoney,
an attorney, and moved into It with
his -wife, and w_hen they left there was
hardly a piece of Mahoney's property
that was not smashed beyond recall.
The story id t..:,j in the complaint, and
a more hitter tale of woe could hardly
be conceived.
It seems that In January of last year
Mi honey and Gormley entered Into an
agreement whereby Gormley rented
Mahout ys house In Larkspur for three
months at the monthly rental of $20,
and it was expressly agreed that
Gormley did not lease the barn and
was not entitled to the possession of It.
This being the case, Mahoney caused
the barns dooTs to be bolted and the
windows nailed up securely, but Gorm
ley broke down the barriers, smashed
the locks and opened the barn. Gorm
ley used two bales of hay and a portion
of another bale, and when he left he
carried away with him the remaining
portion of the third bale. He also used
and broke v saddle in the barn belo-ng
ing to Mahoney and, in fact, completely
destroyed it.
Mahoney also laments the loss of a
double harness which Gormley broke
and threw in a filthy condition into the
attic. Even the- lock had been torn
from the d >or and lost. The defend
ant also either broke, lost or destroyed
some of the permanent fixtures in the
house, besides smashing crockery and
glassware galore. The bowls In the
washstands were broken and useless,
the ovendoor of the kitchen stove was
cracked and mutilated, and the glass
in the window of the bedroom was
smashed into ten thousand pieces. The
lamps and chimneys were among the
missing or broken, the looking-glass
was a pitiful sight, while wine and beer
glasses were total wrecks. The plates
were crack, d and chipped almost be
yond recognition, and so through a
score of articles the plaintiff sets forth
BOW his property was abused.
Both sides put in their arguments
and testimony, the plaintiff to prove
that the defendant had done all the
damage, and the defendant attempted
to show that the damage had been done
before he took the house. Some of the
rent remained unpaid and Mahoney
wanted that and damages also.
Among the witnesses were W. H.
Mahoney, Mrs. T. Gormley, George T.
Gormley, Mrs. Frances Ryan and Ber
nard Bassinl.
Late this afternoon Judge Angellotti
figured out the damage and allowed
Mahoney $44 and costs, and the event
ful case was over, and the Janitor re
moved the debris and Junk to the fur
nace.
It was at the noon hour to-day when
Mahoney landed his faithful right on
the nose of George Linderman, a broth
er of Mrs. Gormley. The affair occurred
Just outside the court room on the
tfteps of the courthouse. Mahoney was
calling the defendant, Gormley, a long
list of hard names, when Linderman
stepped between the Irate attorney and
Gormley and said that he did not in
tend to listen to Mahoney talking to
his brother-in-law in such a manner.
Linderman never said another word
Mahoney gave him a straight arm
blow that sent the young man flying
across the steps, and then the combat
ants were separated and went their
way. No warrants were sworn out,
and the Larkspur feud terminated with
Just a tiny stream of blood on Llnder
man's features.
DEATH TO THE
VINE HOPPERS
Heavy Frost at Fresno
Proves a Blessing in
Disguise.
Injury to Young Trees Is More
Than Offset by Riddance
of the Pests.
Violent Windstorm Visits Petaluma.
Southern California Weekly
Crop Bulletin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FREPXO, Jan. 26.— Last night the
heaviest frost of the year, which has
been a particularly cold one, was felt
in this vicinity, but the vineyardlsts
and fruit growers, instead of taking
into account the damage done to the
trees and vines, are rejoicing, as the
heavy frost is said to have rid the
county of the thrip or the vine hopper,
which has been doing an Incalculable
injury to the vines. This morning the
vineyardists, upon examining their
orchards, found innumerable hoppers
dead in the grass, having been killed
by the frost.
A singular thing about the pest Is
that they seem to resurrect, but the
vineyardists believe they are all thor
oughly dead after last night's cold
spell. When the supposed dead h,op
pers are placed in a sack and put near
a fire they become as lively as crickets
in a short time, but the experiment was
tried this morning to see whether the
pests were dead. They showed no
signs of animation, and the vineyard
ists believe the frost was a blessing in
disguise.
Young orange and lemon trees were
badly damaged by the severe frost, be
ing stripped of every vestige of ver
dure. The unpacked oranges were also
damaged, but the loss was more than
compensated by the destruction of the
hoppers.
PETAL!' MA, Jan. 26.— This after
noon this city was visited by a fierce
wind storm, although of brief dura
tion. Shutters and gates were torn off
and buildings shook with the blasts.
LOS ANGELKS, Jan. 26.— The week
ly crop bulletin for Southern Califor
nia, prepared by Observer Franklin
for the week ending January 24, is as
follows: The weather during the past
week continued cool, dry and very
windy toward the close. Light rains
fell in some places on the 23d. being
scarcely sufficient to lay the dust. The
ground is becoming very dry, but plow
ing and seeding continues in the hope
that later precipitation will mature a
crop. Frosts occurred during the week
and in localities ice formed a skim on
water in exposed places. The high
winds did mne damage to trees and
blew fruit off. but no general results
of the wind and frost are received with
this week's report.
KKDLANDS. Jan. 26.— The orange-grow
ers of Redlandfl arc greatly worried over
prevailing weather conditions. It is gen
erally conceded that some damage must
have' been done to the fruit on the trees,
although no reliable estimate can be made
at present. For the first time in the his
tory of Redlfttids there was a resort to
smudging Monday night, which is re
ported to have assisted greatly in the
few orchards in which it was tried in
raising the temperature.
PLUCKY MISS BESSIE FIELD
PREVENTS A CONFLAGRATION.
Daughter of the Retired Justice Extin-
guishes a Blaze of Considerable
Proportions.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— A special to the
Herald from Waterbury, Conn., says:
Mirs Bessie Field of California, daughter
of Stephen J. Field, recently retired Jus
tice of the United States Supreme Court,
I>.Tf>.rmed an act of signal bravery last
evening.
A- a guest of Mr. and Mrs. Charles E.
Lamb ehe was entertaining a caller. At
torney Joseph Anderson Jr., when the
portieres caught tire from a lamp. Be
fore the tire was discovered the entire
room was in flames. She saw the tire
first and without warning her caller
jumped up and at the risk of Igniting the
light dress she wore tore down the dra
pery ami ut the same time picked up
some blazing rugs and threw the mass
out of a window. Then, with the assist
ance of the guest, further fire was ex
tinguished.
GOES TO ANOTHER COURT
TO OBTAIN JUSTICE.
Two Citizens of Los Angeles Charged With
Murder Are Dismissed, but Are
Immediately Rearrested.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 26.— George "W.
Cardwell and T. H. Harris, charged with
the murder of John Hilton on Saturday
night in the Las Virgines district, were
examined to-day before Justice Richard
son of Calabasas and discharged. They
were Immediately rearrested, however,
upon a complaint issued by Assistant
District Attorney Williams, who made no
effort to prosecute them before Justice
Richardson, being satisfied of the out
come. They will t>e examined to-morrow
before Justice Young, in this city.
Cardwell and Harris were neighbors of
Hilton's, and the tragedy was the result
of an attempt on their part to use a road
running through Hilton's ranch that had
been fenced in by him.
Justice Richardson was arrested re
cently for an act similar to that which
resulted in the murder of Hilton.
DIPHTHERIA SCARE
AT SAN BERNARDINO.
SAN BERNARDINO, Jan. 26.— San Ber
nardino is greatly excited over the pre
valence of diphtheria. The schools, in
cluding the High School, have been sus
pended and all persons known to have
been exposed to the disease have been
quarantined.
The excitement was caused by the
knowledge that twonty-six young per-
HM wore exposed to diphtheria at a
party given last Saturday night at the
home of M. Buppe, proprietor of the Cltv
Bakery. All of these have been Quaran
tined and the bakery closed.
The health officers are very active in
the use of disinfectants and the greatest
SSEi WU i, be taken v to P^vent an epi
demic At present there are only a few
ißolated cases that are well deveioped
Colonel S. J. Lewis Dead.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 26. -Colonel Sam
uel J. Lewis, late president of the Cali
fornia Bank, died at his residence this
evening death being due to a complica
ton of diseases. Colonel Lewis was a na
,je t, Monroe ' "Wis.. anil was 55 years
v.f'.H v*. ?erve , d wlth distinction in the
Urtn \\lsconsin Battery throughout the
war.
Hawaii and Japan.
Dispatches from Washington state that there
are about to be important developments in the
Japanese imbroglio with the Government of the
Hawaiian Islands. However this may be, cer
tain It Is that the disturbance of the stomach
caused by simple indigestion will develop Into
chronic dyspepsia unless checkmated at the
£££» The flne »t stomachic is Hosteller's
htomach Bitters, which promptly rectifies gas-
Of'V/boweisTna U^r. aWay - Wlth '"^^y
A TRAGEDY AT
ANGELS CAMP
Half- Breed Indian Gets
His Death "Wound in
Chinatown.
The Victim Makes No Outcry,
and Is Found Dying on
the Street.
Stabbed in the Neck by Another Red
Man, Whom the Officers
Are Trailing.
Special Dispatch to The C»IL
ANGELS CAMP, Jan. 26.— Last night
■ about 9 o'clock a half-breed Indian
' named Elmer Reed was found on the
: streets in Chinatown in a dying condi
■ tlon. The person who found him made
his ghastly discovery known at once,
and in a very short time there were
! fully 300 men on the scene. The Indian
lived only a few moments after being
found. Nobody knew how the dead man
: received his wound, nor who inflicted it.
An examination of the premises by
the Coroner and the Jury sworn In to
investigate the matter revealed the fact
that the Indian received his fatal
I wound in a Chinese house on the south
i side of the street leading to the cala
boose. The first trace of blood was dis
' covered in front of the door, and from
there a red line marked the sidewalk
j for a distance of over 100 feet, leading
! toward Main street, with here and
j there a pool of blood in the street. The
imprint of his bloody fingers was foiled
i on an awning post in front of the Chi
; nese store, and a pile of lumber in front
'of an adjoining building was covered
with blood.
The trail of gore was followed to a
new building recently erected. Here it
was that the wounded man crossed the
street and fell down and died. He was
evidently making his way to Main
street, but his life blood poured out too
freely, and it is believed he became too
weak and reeled and fell where found.
During his movements on the street he
made no outcry and nobody save the
party who cut him knew of what had
transpired till the body was found.
After the remains were viewed hy the
Coroner's jury, the body was removed
to the Morgue, where a further exam
ination of the body was made. It was
found that there was a small knife
wound in the neck, and it was evident
ly produced with a short-bladed pocket
knife, the wound not being more than
an inch and a half In depth. The caro
tid artery was severed, producing
death.
At the Inquest held to-day an Indian
held as a witness made a full state
ment of the killing, saying that an In
dian suspected of the murder was the
guilty party. The officers have gone to
his rendezvous to make the arrest, and
he will probably be in the toils of the
law soon.
SERIOUS CUTTING AFFRAY.
Discharged Employe Severely Wounded at
the Beck Ranch. Near Watsonville.
SANTA CRUZ, Jan. 28.— A very
serious cutting scrape occurred Monday
night at 10 o'clock at the Beck ranch,
near Watsonville. when Lee Reed was
very severely wounded by Robert Black,
foreman of Beck's drier. Reed had been
discharged by Black a few days before,
and on that night he came to" the drier
and a quarrel took place. During the
row Black got hold of two knives and
slashed Reed in a horrible manner about
the neck. Seventeen stitches were tak
en in the wound. The cut was of great
depth and the jugular vein was just
missed. He also received two awful
stabs, one in the shoulder and one near
his left temple. The doctor says that
Reed miraculously escaped being killed.
The examination of Black was held this
afternoon in Watsonville.
Old Tiptop Mine Relocated.
PRESCOTT, Jan. 26.— The old Tiptop
mine at South Prescott, formerly owned
by California parties and the stock of
which was once prominent on the San '
Francisco Stock Board, has been relocat- I
— y— — I——^^^— -^—^.^^^^^
H|/ will bear the closest inspection and com-
H|| parisons. No better tobacco is grown
■fj than that used in the manufacture of
iij Piper Heidsieck. No other tobacco has
||| so exquisite a flavor. None is so care-
fj fully manufactured or yields so much
if . real enjoyment as Piper Heidsieck.
j These are not mere claims but facts
easily demonstrated. Buy one of the
new 5-cent pieces,
A AO/A 0 / LARGER THAN
*f\J/o FORMERLY
and be convinced that Piper Heidsieck
is positively the biggest piece of good
tobacco ever sold for a nickel.
cd. The property was latterly owned by
St. Louis parties, who failed to secure a
Government patent or keep up the annual
assessment work, hence the title reverted
to the Government, making it subject to
relocation. The relocators formerly
worked in the mine and claim to know
the location of enough good ore to keep
them working for a year.
JAPAN MAY YET PUNISH
THE SLAYERS OF EPPS.
Compelled to Move by the Pressure Brought
to Bear by This Govern
ment.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— The corre
spondence bearing upon the murder on
December 15 last of Frank Epps, an ap
prentice on the flagship Olympia, then
lying in the harbor of Nagasaki, Japan,
was to-day supplied to the Senate by the
Secretary of State. It shows that Ad
miral McNnir laid especial stress upon
the fact that the killing of Epps consti
tuted the- second murder of American
seamen by Japanese within three months,
that of the sailor Montgomery being the
first, and that he strongly urged investi
gation and punishment. This position was
sustained by the State Department in
pressure upon the Japanese authorities.
It appears that two Japanese were ar
rested and tried and on preliminary ex
amination were fined 150 yen each. Ad
miral MeNair, in a letter dated December
27. expresses doubt as to whether the
riali al culprits were apprehended, but he
says that the strong pressure brought to
bear upon the Japanese authorities "has
compelled at least an apparent display of
energy in seeking the murderers of Epps,
which is in contrast with the listless
course of action pursued in the case of
Montgomery."
It also appears that Epps' mother has
filed a claim for damages, and Secretary
Sherman says this will be properly prose
cuted.
Hudyan
Hudyan
Hudyan
"^,71 Hudyan
in a Hudyan
Week - Hudyan
Hudyan
Hudyaa
The only way to get back your vitality,
the only way to be a real, true, vigorous
man, is to stop the waste. A wasting
man, a man whose vitality is daily grow-
ing less and less, soon begins to have
sleepless nights. Glimmering flicks ap-
pear before the eyes, darting before him
in minute pieces like a huge star scatter-
ing. When you note these conditions you
are on the eve of nervous debility, and if
you are not careful you will be sure to
fall into nervous prostration.
THE SURE CURE.
Hudyan Is the sure cure. Hudyan cures
Nervous Debility, Kidney Debility, Liver
Debility, Blues, Melancholia. ' Special
Weaknesses and Disabilities of Men.
Hudyan cures pimples, drains, losses.
1 Hudyan cures varicocele,. hydrocele and
affections of the prostate gland. Hud-
yan cures spermatorrhoea and atrophy.
Hudyan cures weak back. Hudyan stops
all losses, all drains, all enfeeblements.
Hudyan sometimes is efficacious
| IN A WEEK. |
CIRCULARS FREE.
30-DAY CURE If you are suffering
30-DAY CURE from malignant Blond
30-DAY CURE Poison, or if your
30-DAY CURE blood is tainted; if
■ 30-DAY CURE the disease is in the
first, secondary or ter-
AT OFFICE tiary state, you can
AT OFFICE be cured with the 30-
AT OFFICE . day cure. Call or
AT OFFICE £2& **»■**.■«**■
AT OFFICE Consultation, Pri-
vate Diagnosis, De-
____ veloping Process,
£sPi* - Rheumo-Bath, Elec-
cd EE> trlc Bath, Vapor
gg|E. Bath Sulphur Bath,
cSci* Blood-Poison Bath.
*-Rfcfc Free talk.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
* Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,THE DAY IN CONGRESS
MR. TELLER
DEFENDS HIS
RESOLUTION
Financial Debate Con
tinued in the
Senate.
Six-Hour Session Replete
With Argument and
Oratory.
Hoar Clashes With the Colora
dan in Replying to His
Contentions.
THE END IS IN SIGHT.
By Agreement the Issue Will Bo
Voted On Before Adjourn
ment To- Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggrs House,
Washington, Jan. 26.
For more than six hours the Senate
had under discussion the Teller resolu
tion providing that the Government pay
the principal and interest of the bonds
of the United States in silver. By agree
ment the resolution and pending
amendments are to be voted on before
adjournment to-morrow. The debate
was devoid of the sensational incidents
and acrimonious colloquies which char
acterized that of yesterday, but it was
replete with arguments and oratory.
The time was consumed by Teller (SiL
R.) of Colorado and Daniel (D.) of Vir
ginia, who supported the resolution,
and Hoar (R.) of Massachusetts and
Platt (R.) of Connecticut in opposition
to it. All delivered set speeches ex
cept Hoar, whose speech was in reply
to some points advanced by Teller yes
terday.
At the opening of the Senate Hale of
Maine presented the report of the con
ferees on the urgent deficiency appro
priatlon bill, and the report was agreed ,
to
('handler of New Hampshire secured
the adoption of a resolution calling upon
Lttorney-GeneraJ for a report as to:
whether there bav< been recent viola
tions of the constitution in Louisiana by ]
the exclusion from service on juries in
the United States courts of duly quali
fied citizens on account of color.
Upon motion of Vest of Missouri the
c then took up the Teller resolution.
The debate was opened bj Tel
Colorado, the author of the resolution, i
who began by stating that he would per- j
mit no man to excel him in honor or food
faith.
"I wou.'d do nothing," he said, "that
would bring about such a condition of
affairs ns would be disgraceful, what
ever the opinion of the Benator from
Massachusetts (Hoar) may be of my
opinions or convictions. The Massachu
setts Senator tried to make it appear
that my position was on a parallel with
the making of a $10 piece out of a cop- '
per cent. Such a proposition I do not
advance and 1 do not think it would find
much support in this or any other legis
lative body."
Teller sHid he was willing to retire
from public life If by so doing he could
bring about an international bimetallic
agreement. He maintained that the ex
isting contract concerning the money in
which bonds of the United States were
payable could not be changed without
action of Congress— one of tne parties to
the contract — and that the Government
had a ripiit to all the advantages the
contract afforded it-
Fairbanks asked Teller whether the
present Secretary of the Treasury was
• aying out only gold in liquidation
of the bonded obligations of the Govern
ment.
"I do not know," replied Teller, "what
thf Secretary of the Treasury is doing.
My relations with the present administra
tion are not such as to enable me to ob
tain information of its acts."
Being further pressed by Fairbanks
Teller said his belief was that the ad
ministration was paying the interest on
certain obligations of the Government,
r.o such obligations themselves having
matured, in gold.
"I have absolute information," retorted
Fairbanks, "that the administration is
paying the obligations I refer to in legal
tender notes. On January 1 $29,000,000 of
bonds matured, and I am informed by the
Secretary of the Treasury that these
bonds were paid, not in gold, not in sil
ver, but in legal tender notes."
"If that be so," said Teller, "we might
as well discontinue this debate and take
a vote on the pending resolution now."
The point had been reached, said Tel
ler, when an effort was being made by
the national administration to put the
country on a gold basis. There had been
too much sophistry and evasion of the
financial question among those who dis
cussed it during the past twenty years,
and, in his opinion, the time had arrived
for all parties to walk squarely up to the
cannon's mouth of the question and deal
fairly and honestly with themselves and
the people.
In response to a statement by Teller
that $202,000,000 of bonds were sold for the
purpose of maintaining the gold stan
dard Gear of Towa said it was well known
that more than $200,000,000 of those bonds
were sold to meet a deficit !n the treas
ury. The statement was flatly contra
dicted by the Colorado Senator, who
maintained that there was no necessity
for the sale of bonds to meet current ex
NEW TO-DAY.
Annual Sales overs, 000, 000 Boxes
\mW^ ffgygif v
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DIBOEDEEB
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness, Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Coativeness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Friyhtful Dreams and all
Nervous end Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
-will acknowledge them to be •
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHA9TB PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure bick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And hiiTe the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drag Stores.
penses when there was plenty of silver
to meet pressing obligations of the Gov
ernment.
Referring in the course to his remarks
to the Presidential contest of IK%, Teller
said that no political campaign In this
country had ever been characterised by
bo much bitterness, acrimony and vin
dictiveness. He conceded the right, he
paid, of others to differ from him upon
this and other questions, but he h<Md
that he. ought to be accorded the same
right and liberty, for the people, nut
«uy of this country, but of the world,
depended upon the rightful solution of
the financial question. He had a right
to speak here for the great masses of
the people and he took advantage of it
because he felt that the fastening of the
gold standard upon the country would
simply make of the plain people hewers
of wood and drawers of water. In con
clusion, after speaking about two hours
and a half. Teller replied to some
ments made yesterday concerning sav
ings banks.
At the conclusion of Teller's speech
Lodge called attention to some state
ment* in criticism of an amendment of
fered by him (Lodge) yesterday to the
pending resolution. The amendment de
clared that the obligations of the United
B shouh! be paid "in the money
that is the highest'money of the world,
In Bold or its equivalent in gold, wheth
er ihat be silver or paper." Lodg
quired whether Teller was in favor of
that amendment.
"Well. I should vote against It." re
plied the Colorado Senator.
Lodge insisted on knowing whether
Teller did or did not think the amend
ment a proper principle for C<
lay down. Teller Btlll held that the
Government and the Government's cred
itors ought to abide by contracts i
"I desired to know," said I-od^. "what
the Senator from Colorado thought of my
amendment, because 1 copied it w<>rd for
word from a speech made t>y the Senator
in which he declared that every dollar
this Government owes will be paid In
the money that Is the highest money of
the world", in gold or its equivalent in
gold, whether that be silver or paper."
Lodge thought that if the Senator from
Colorado believed that his statement was
accurate when he made it, he ought not
now to object to supporting it with his
voice and vote.
Teller replied that he had never advo
cated the payment of Government ob
ligations In depreciated currency, and did
not now.
Hoar followed In a speech !n which he
maintained the position he took yester-
Ktliat the question under discussslon
no! one of law, but one of honor and
grity. He said that the advocafc
the pending resolution maintained that
by a crime the price of silver had been
reduced until the silver In a dollar was
. only 44 cents, yet the same Sena-
I ira who made the charge of that'Vrime"'
advocated the payment of the Govern
ment's obligation in this depre.
money— money that had been depreciat
ed, as they claimed, by crime.
Hoar Bald that it had been made evi
dent by the statement of the Senator
from Arkansas (Berry), to whom he re
»ed as an "honest, stalwart sld Con
rate who was willling to walk up to
cannon's mouth," of the pending
question; that it was the purpose of the
silver men to go into the campaign of
1900 and declare it to be right and honest
to pay obligations in 40-cent dollars and
to stigmatize as "grabbers" and "rob
bers" those who differed from them on
the honesty of such a policy.
The Colorado Senator, when he rose to
begin his speech, Hoar said, expressed a
desire to resent something. In fact, he
was always resenting something.
Teller arose to call Hoar's attention to
another statement, and. when lie had
done so. Mr. Hoar ridiculed him by
lening him to the small boy who was
?ed what the cost of eleven pounds of
if would be at 7 cents a pound and re
ed, "You can't get no beef at no such
•bar was followed by Plntt of Con
ctlcut in an address in opposition to
the pending resolution.
Daniel (D.) of Virginia followed Platt
in support of the resolution. Daniel
thought the adoption of the pending reso
lution would tend to prevent nti'ls upon
the treasury. Daniel concluded at 7
o'clock. On motion of Aldrtch the Senate
went Into executive session and ten min
utes later adjourned.
POSTAL SAVINGS BANKS.
Senators Mason and Butler to Prepare a
Bill for Their Creation.
•WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— The Sennte
Committtee on Postoffiees and Postroads
to-day had under consideration the ad-
visability of establishing a scheme of
postal savings banks in the United States.
The discussion was general, and the only
conclusion reached was that Senators
Mason and Butler should prepare the bill,
which could be used as a base for future
deliberations. This was done because ..f
the fact that there were a large number
of measures before the committee
looking to the Fame end. It Is intended
that the bill to be prepared by Mnson and
Butler shall supplant all these, and they
were requested to have II to no
taken up at the next meeting, to be held
a week hence.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2K.— The Senate
in executive session confirmed the follow
ing nomination.-: George EL Robe:
lowa to be Director of th>' Mint; David
M. Dunne of Oregon to \>» <'ollector of
Internal Revenue for the District of Ore
gon.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postmasters Appointed for a Number of
Cat/forma Towns.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 26.— The follow
ing California Postmasters were appoint
ed to-day: Chicago Park. Nevada Coun
ty — Frank F. Hasklns, vice Clara J. In
galls, resigned. IJorniios, Mariposa
County— Frank Olce«e, vice C. B. C
naro, removed. Jainul, San Diego Coun
ty— H. M. Johnson, vice G. L. MaxfleM,
removed. La Mesa, San Diego County—
I Samuel J. Agnew, vice Rooena Asnew,
j resigned. Lindsay, Tulare County— M.
W. Grace, vice Charles Rankin. removed.
North San Diego. San Diego County — J.
T. Ackerman, vice V. P. D. Slucia, re
signed. Placentfa, Orange County-
Clara Wetzel, vice Peter Hansen, re
signed. Tres Pinos, San Benito County-
Julius Lanzenberg, vice L. Thornton, re
moved. "West Palmdale, Los Angeles
County— Charles S. Beath, vice Jacob
Scherrer, resigned. Woodville, Tulare
County. William E. Dewitt, vice Lauch
i lln Robertson, resigned.
Representative Moon of Tennessee to-
I day Introduced a bill authorizing the
Alaska Navigation and Development
Company of Camden, N. J., to own and
navigate vessels and to improve creeks,
! inlets, bays, rivers and gulfs of Alaska,
' and to dredge, excavate and blast in any
; of said waters, and to fully and complete
i ly exercise in Alaska and Alaskan v.
all the rights and privileges exercised by
virtue of Its charter.
Senator Perkins to-day introduced a bill
providing for licenses for deck officers on
sea-going vessels.
The Senate Committee on Claims to-day
reported favorably Senator Mcßride's bill
providing for the payment to John Q.
Shirley $35,000 due him from the. estate of
the late Francis de Long of California.
Army and navy orders— Ensign C. C.
Ferrel has been detached from the Mon
terey and ordered to the Alabama by
direction of the President. First Lieu
tenant Woodbridge Geary is detailed as
professor of military science and tactics
at the State Agricultural College of Ore
gon. Corvallis. Ore., to relieve First Lieu
tenant Clarence K. Dentler. By order of
the Acting Secretary of War Commis
sary Sergeant Patrick Lynch, now on
duty with Captain William 11. Baldwin,
i purchasing commissary at Snn Francisco,
I will be sent without delay to Vancouver
I Barracks, Wash., aad report upon his ar
1 rival to the commanding general of the
| Department of the Columbia ' for duty
! with the Alaska relief expedition.
Pacific Coast patents were granted to
day as follows: California Harriet J.
Delsell, Jackson, miners' lantern; Forest
W. Dunlap and J. R. Swain, assignors to
W. C. Chapin, Sun Francisco, light re
fracting and magnifying envelope for in
candescent lights; Andrew S. Hallidie.
San Francisco, device for transporting
and weighing cane; William B. Bejrwooo,
Gualala, safety fender for street cars
and automatic car fender; John S. Ord.
Aptos, pitman connection for cutting of
mechanism of mowers etc.; Martin V.
Shaff, Los Angeles, photographic back
ground carrier; Sumuel S. Simrack. a;i-
Bigrnor to A. R. Herman, San Francisco
gas engine: Erlck A. Stark, San Rafael,
purifying and refining California petro
leum oils. Oregon— George M. Lease, Sa
lem, swing.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, vrith
or without removal. J. Noonan, MC-MO Mission.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JA\FAT?T 27, 1898.
ELI QUIGG
SCORED BY
MR. LOUD
Bitter Debate Over the
Mail-Carrier Ques
tion.
The Eastern Man Accused
of Having Spoken
Falsely.
Attempted to Justify Discrimin
ations in Favor of
New York.
SENSATIONS IN PROSPECT.
Postofflce Department Warmly As
sailed In a Speech by the
California n.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 26.
The House devoted another day to the
consideration of the Indian appropria
tion bill, most of the time being con
sumed, ap on the two preceding days,
in discussing extraneous subjects. Ry
far the most interesting feature of th<*
day was the debate on the question of
reducing the mall carrier service in the
large cities, owing to the failure of the
Senate to attach the estimated defi
ciency of $160,000 to the urgent deficien
cy bill.
This subject has been agitating the
metropolitan cities ever since the order
was issued for cutting down the force
on February 1. A dozen Representa
tives from as many different cities pro
tested against the proposed reduction
and urged an immediate appropriation,
when Chairman Loud of the Postof
flce Committee and Chairman Cannon
of the Appropriation Committee allayed
the wrath of the members by assuring
them that there was no occasion for
alarm; that the service could not pos
sibly suffer until June, by which time
there would be ample opportunity to
pass a deficiency appropriation. Loud
used 5-triHie words in his criticism of
the Postoffloe Department officials and
promised some interesting disclosures
later.
The motion to strike out the appro
priation for the Carlisle Indian School
■ ;^feated after considerable debate
bo 65. Ten pages of the bill were
-< d of to-day. The conference re
port on the urgent deficiency bill was
adopted.
An amendment offered by Kelly (TV>
of South Dakota to increase the number
of Indian pupils at Flandreau, S. Dak.,
to 300. and to increase the appropriation
therefor 116,000, was defeated— ll t
The number of pupils provided for at the
Salem <or.> school was Increased by fifty.
■ tlon on this protest drew out an
indignant protest from Kelly, who paid
his respects to Shi-rman and Cannon for
looking with favor upon an amendment
offered by a member on the Republican
side- of the House. The latter replied
good-naturedly, but referred to Kelly
"bantam rooster." and usually a
"rath- r pood-looking 1 , amiable man."
The gentleman from South Dakota was
evidently nettled, and he retorted with
lerahle bitterness. So far a? physi
cal characteristics went, he said, he
thought Cannon might make as respect
a looking rooster as himself. This
wiis not the first time he had been iu
sulted by the gentleman from Illinois.
"I may Tut have had the executive ex
nce of the gentleman from Illinois,"
c. "Neither. I thank Cod. nave I
■■• learned ruffianism, blackguardism
and tinirentlemaniy conduct. I grant that
he is an adept at chfcse-paring, but when
!i comes to Danville, 111., he wanted
everything in sight."
Cannon did not make any reply to this
'ilt.
Broir.well (R.) of Ohio got the floor at
this point to submit pome remarks upon
j the failure of the Benate to place in the
I urgent deficiency hill an appropriation
fur the continuation of the full mall
carrier .service until July 1. It was well
! known, he na!d, that an order had been
• issued to cut down the carrier service on
I February 1. Up proceeded to comment
;on tl-e discrimination against certain
j cities, notably Cincinnati, in the matter
of carrier service.
Quigg <R) of Now York in reply maln-
I tamed that the mall deliveries in New
j York City were absolutely necessary to
i get the mat; out of and into the great of
in that city.
Williams (D.) of Mississippi made a
! humorous speech, contrasting the condl
; ticins now in his district, where the In
habitants went Fix or eight miles for
i their mails and p:iid the same postage
for the privileKe as did the inhabitant!*
of the big metropolitan cities, who had
their mail delivered free six or eight times
a day. As the Government was obliged
to economize in order to keep the ex
penditures down to the receipts he
; thought It could not be done better than
by cutting off three or four deliveries a
- day at the big trade centers.
Loud, chairman of the Postoffice Com
mittee, made a sensational speech — or,
rather, a speech promising sensational
developments in the future. He was
v.:ry boarse and It w;is with difficulty he
could be heard. Only the circumstances of
the case, he said, could induce him to
ai tempt to say anything to-day. Tha
question presented was one far
greater than the simple one of a
delivery more or less in New York
or Chicago. The statements of the gen
tleman from New York (Quigg), said he,
were absolutely false and unfounded.
That gentleman, he said, had been hav
ing himself Interviewed, charging that he
(Loud) was responsible for the existing
predicament; that he (Loud) had defied
Congress and the Postofflce and had
forced the department to cut off the car
riers.
"Such criticism," Bald Loud, "is be
neath my contempt. The charge is made
thnt the postoftice appropriation bill this
j year carried JIGO.OOO below the estimates.
I I know the officials of the Postofflce De
! partment back that charge; but I assert
i that it is false."
"Then you allege falsehood against the
officials of the department?" Interrupted
Quigg.
"Let him take It who can bear it,"
r» i p raded Loud,
Loud proceeded to affirm that the Post
officials had. contrary to law
appointed 289 additional carriers and
ted a prospective deliciency of
JHiu.DOO. lie said further that, In
the face of an appropriation of
$75,000 for Incidental expenses, J107.U00
had been spent in six months. Over $50
txio of the reported deficiency, he said be
i longed in that account. He urged mem
bera not to be so < arried away by passion
ov< r tin- possible loss of a carrier or two
as to yield the last vestige of their power
of circumscribing the acts of the exec
utive branches of the Government. The
perpetuity of the legislative branch of
the Government was involved.
M<-;intimf\ he declared that the service
could not possibly suffer until June.
Tho conferenr*' report on the urgent
deficiency bill was submitted and agreed
to. At 5:32 p. m. the House adjourned.
ROUNDED THE HORN IN A CALM.
The American ship Iroquols made the run from 50 to 50 in twelve days, and rounded the cape of storms on a perfectly calm sea
and with every stitch of canvas set. The easel shown in the above cut Is made from the bones of the wings of an
albatross, which the men on the Iroquois caught off the Horn. They polished the bones and made a really beautiful
and useful ornament out of them. They presented the easel to Mrs. Taylor, the captain's wife, and she intends giving
It to her sister, Miss Alice Chittenden, the artist.
SCHOONERS ARE
IN HARD LUCK
Three of Them Had to Put
Back Owing to Stress
of Weather.
Rush of Gold-Hunters to the
Klondike, via Dyea, Still
Keeps Up.
Narrow Escape of Two of the Crew
of the Sharpshooter From
Asphyxiation.
The smartest trip of the year from
Philadelphia to Pan Francisco was
completed yesterday. The Iroquols
made the run in 128 days, and Captain
Taylor says that he would have been
in several days ago had it not been for
the heavy northwest weather off the
coast of California. From 50 in the
Atlantic to 60 In the Pacific was cov
ered In twelve days. Th»: Horn was
rounded with every stitch of canvas
set, the sea was almost as smooth as
glass and the dangerous promontory
was visible from the deck of the vessel.
During the entire passage the shuttt rs
on the cabin windows were never
closed.
Paul Myrick, one of the crew, was
taken sick soon after the vessel left
Philadelphia, and Captain Taylor never
expected to land him In San Francis. <i
alive. Sailor-like, the crew grumbled
at the sick man because h>> was not
able to stand his watch and to prevent
him from being ill treated the captain
had to move him aft. Myrick was for
merly a sailor on the German ship ]!a
lena. While at work on her in Phila
delphia he fell down the hold and was
terribly injured about the head, back
and legs. He was doctored at vari
ous hospitals in the Quaker city, and
a few days after his discharge was
shipped on board the Iroquois by a
boarding-house runner, who grot a $50
advance on him as an A. 13. The sec
ond day out Myriek's legs began to
trouble him and at the end of a week
the unfortunate fellow was one mass
of running sores. He has been gradu
ally getting worse ever since, and di
rectly after the ship docked yesterday
Captain Taylor summoned the ambu
lance and sent him to the German Hos
pital.
Captain Taylor is accompanied by
his wife and two sons and the latter's
governess, Mrs. Estee, wife of the chief
officer of the ship. The two lads,
Willie and Ingram, have not only a
menagerie, but a small garden. They
have geraniums and roses in bloom
and the captain also has a box of rare
orchids which he received from the
captain of a South American trading
steamer. Willie Taylor has a little
chipmunk which is a great pet of his
and does all kinds of funny tricks.
There were two of them when the ship
left Philadelphia, but one of them died
a few weeks ago and was buried at
sea. There are also several chickens
on board the vessel and little Ingram
made pets out of them. One of them
began to set, and borrowing an egg
from his mother, Ingram placed it un
der the old hen. Much to his delight, a
couple of weeks ago a little chick was
hatched. He was heart broken, how
ever, when the chicken died and had to
follow the chipmunk overboard.
Two more schooners met with bad
luck In the northwester that is blow
ing. The Viking was 100 miles west of
Crescent City on her way to Grays
Harbor when she carried away her
foremsat and had to put back for re
pairs. A fatality caused the return of
the Amethyst. Shortly after leaving
port John Ostrom. the mate, fell from
the main boom into the sea and was
drowned. He was 35 years of age and
a native of Finland. Everything pos
sible was done to rescue the unfor
tunate man, but the sea was too heavy
to launch a boat.
The most important item of news in
the Klondike rush Is the charter of the
steamer Humboldt by John A. Magee
Jr. She will run between here and Dyea
and Skaguay, leaving on her first trip
on February 1. She will be the fastest
and best vessel on the run for many
months to come. The crew of the Hum
boldt will be furnished by the agents,
| M. Kalish & Co., and the purser will be
W. H. Triggs. The chartering of this
steamer is the biggest transaction yet
recorded, as hundreds of thousands of
dollars are involved in it.
It is said that the steamer Czarina
is to be taken off the Coos Bay trade,
fitted with berths for 100 passengers
and put on the Pyea-Skaguay run.
The steam schooners National City
and Albion have been chartered by the
Alaska-Yukon Transportation Com
pany and will at once be fitted out as
passenger steamers. The Albion will
sail from here on February 5 and the
National City five days later. The com
pany has booked its first passengers for
Dawson City, via the Yukon. Mrs.
Bjornstad and a party from Ross Val
ley will leave here about May 1 on the
steamer National City.
The steamer City of Puebla got away
yesterday with the following passen
gers for Dyea and Skaguay:
J. Ahrens. W. Stelner. D. Baltansky, M.
R. O'Connel, 11. Kahrs. Mrs. Oilman and
two children. J. C. Rico, D. 1... Gray, A.
W. Oloson. F. Keel. G. de Martini. R.
T. Ukten. T. W. I.ark. T. T. Doyle, Mrs.
Peters. A. T. Kinsley, M. B. Courtney, F.
All' 'inn. F. H. TVrreiter. B. Schwartz, P.
1.. Decoto. A. Nol.l. R. B. Price, Mrs. M.
H. Torrance, W. "Warner. F. H. Benedict,
1,. L. Lioomls, C. R. Moffatt, W. W.
Krebs, Lewis Ackerle. F. Blghlni. J.
Hough, E. W. Keal, W. H. Peckham. M.
Dundas. John Gillson, J. Hilbert, Mrs.
Kate Johnson, Mrs. F. Cligrial.
Donald McLeod, a new arrival from
Australia, was also to have been a pas
senger, but he got into the hands of the
Philistines and missed his boat. Tues
day morning he had his ticket by the
Puebla, £41 in sovereigns, $20 in gold
and two gold rings. He met Pat
O'Donnell and John Hesslng, two sail
ors who were to have joined the Brit
ish ship Kilmory yesterday, and in
their company visited Barbary Coast.
Last night Officers Bean, Castor and
Clifford heard that O'Donnell and Hes
sing were spending English money
lavishly, so they locked them up on
suspicion. On them were found £36,
one ring and 56 45. Shortly afterward
McLeod showed up and said he had
been robbed and identified the two
men. Captain Ferguson of the Kil
mory had to get two more sailors be
fore his vessel could put to sea.
The schooner Actaea is fitting out at
Brooklyn, N. V., for St. Michael via
Bermuda and San Francisco. She has
been purchased by Captain Charles C.
McCarthy, late chief officer of the Pa
cific Mail Company's steamer Star
buck. She will bring out ten passen
gers, three of whom are women.
At a meeting of the Alaska Trade
Committee yesterday morning it was
decided to have an exhibit at the Min
ing Fair, showing the supplies neces
sary to last one man one year in the
Klondike, and also to have a cooking
exhibit, showing how the food should
be prepared in the Alaska gold fields.
The committee will distribute literature
and give all the information regarding
routes, sailing dates, fares, etc, and. In
fact, establish' a branch office at the
fair for the purpose of Informing those
who have been Induced to come via San
Francisco, on account of the fair, of
the real status of things in Alaska and
to give the most accurate data on all
points.
H. Calkskeln, the steward, and the
second mate of the barkentine Sharp
shooter, had a narrow «i ''ape from as
phyxiation yesteruiy. The barkentine
has been chartered to carry sugar from
Honolulu and as she was infested with
rats It was determined to kill them off
before putting the vessel into commis
sion. Accordingly everything was bat
tened down and a charcoal fire started
in the hold. The fumes awoke the
two men who had gone to sleep in their
bunks, and they were helped on deck
only Just in time. Calkskeln was ta
ken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where Dr. Deas soon had him out of
danger.
On the 6th lnst. reinsurance was paid
in England on the following vessels:
British ship Glenpark. from Rio de
Janeiro for Astoria under charter to a.
W. McNear, S guineas per cent: Ra
venscrag, from Port Townsend to Cal
lao with 1,000,000 feet of lumber aboard.
10 guineas per cent; Strousa, from San
Francisco to Leith, 15 guineas per cent.
(The Stiousa arrived at Leith on the
"3d inst.) And the steamer Pelican,
from Port Townsend for Taku, 85
guineas per cent.
& ©AIL Borden esjg jj
§ Eagle Brand ;^p i
p Condensed Milk.
(5 Take No Substitute For The "EAGLE BRAND % #^
|r Thousands of mothers Testify TO ITS Superiority.^ 0
4 f/MfANTHEALTH*'SENTFRE£. ni*y*k Condi«seo m,« Co. n.* 1 Jj
JURORS ARE
HARD TO FIND
Slow Progress Being
Made in the Figel
Murder Case.
' ..'••■■'
Only Two Talesmen Were
Accepted Yesterday by
Both Sides.
The Other Citizens Examined Were
Disqualified for Various
Reasons.
A little better progress was made yes
terday In the work of impaneling a
Jury to try Theodore A. Figel, the
young bookkeeper who is accused of
having shot and killed Isaac Hoffman.
Two of the talesmen, A. Pauba, a re
tired tailor living at 833 Ellis street,
and R. Lewin, a blacksmith residing at
84 Belcher street, satisfactorily an
swered all of the questions asked them.
They were acceptable to both the prose
cution and defense, and were sworn in
by Clerk Tolle.
Figel, who will remain In the custody
of the Sheriff during the trial, arrived
in the courtroom at 9:30 o'clock, in
charge of Sheriff Whelan. He did not
appear to be in the least concerned.
When the examination of Frank Du
mont, If. Savage, A. H. Phelps, T.
Frahm, F. W. Whiteside, Henry Hamil,
A. Pauba. J. M. Merrill, A. S. Tubbs. W.
G. Doane, C. Cohen and R. Lewin, the
talesmen who were drawn Tuesday
evening, commenced, there were but
few spectators in the courtroom. The
case seems to have lost interest for the
idle and curious who thronged the Po
lice Court during the days of the pre
liminary hearing.
Talesmen Savage, Phelps, Hamil.
Doane, Tubbs and Cohen were excused
because they had fixed opinions. Tales
men Dumoni and Whiteside were per
emptorily challenged by the prosecu
tion, and the defense exhausted two per
emptory challenges on Talesmen Frahm
and Merrill.
Both sides then announced that they
were satisfied, and Pauba and Lewin
were sworn in.
Judge Cook then directed Clerk Tolle
to draw ten more names from the box.
! They were: Simon Scheellne, A. S.
i Lowndes, G. B. Barber, J. F. Murray,
Charles Nathan, Charles Coleman,
Lewis Joseph, William Kilday, W. S.
Chapman and H. Harms.
When adjournment hour arrived,
Kilday, Chapman and Harms remained
out of the ten to be examined. Schee
llne was excused because he had formed
an opinion; Lowndes and Murray be
cause they were not on the assessment
roll: Barber because he was opposed to
capital punishment, and Nathan, Colt
man and Joseph because they were
friendly to the families of both th?
dead man and the prisoner.
Another attempt will be made to-day
to complete thp jury.
RELEASED FROM HIS DEBTS
Willis Polß. the Architect of Bo-
hernia. Declared Insolvent
by Judge Slack-
Willis Polk, the architect of Bohemia, j
who failed for several thousands a few
months ago, has been granted n dis
charge from the Insolvency court and his
creditors must rest content. "When the
Polk insolvency proceedings came up be
fore Judge Slack yesterday morning for
NEW TO-DAY.
adjudication the H. S. Crocker Company
entered an opposition to his application
for a discharge from his liabilities. The
opposition alleged that the insolvent had
concealed some of his assets from his
creditors and as he was in the debt of
the H. S. Crocker Company to the
amount of $1500 it was anxious that his
application fee denied that it might get a
judgment against him for the amount
due.
A man by the name of Bowen, It was
alleged by the opposition, owed Polk
some $300u for services performed and
that he had not included the account in
his schedule of liabilities. Polk admitted
that he Lad received some money from
Bowen which he used for current expen
ses, but denied that any amount was due
him from that source. Testimony was
then introduced by Attorney Rothschild,
who represented the H. S. Crocker Com
pany, to show that when the insolvent
had been asked to show his books he pre
sented a set that showed evidences of
having been prepared for the occasion.
The evidence introduced to establish this
fact was insufficient, however, as it was
in relation to many other contentions of
the H. S. Crocker Company, and in con
sequence Judge Slack ordered that Polk
be discharged from his liabilities.
NEW TO-DAY.
_^w->- . .
•|lJ^»>lV| Jvs'W //
Better I
Than
I Nu^ets i
i Our $io Suits
I and Overcoats for men. !
I The best money value 3
£ in the store — really too |
? good for so little money,
I but they make custom-
\ ers, who come again.
I good for so little money, I
but the}' make custom- U
ers, who come again.
$ 10
I For Single and Double Breasted ■ •
I Sacks and Cutaway Suits, in Oregon |
| City Cassimeres, Cheviots, Tweeds E
| and Clay Worsteds.
|j Overcoats — Blue and Black I
I Beavers, Meltons, Covert Cloths, I
j I Cassimeres, etc.
I
8 Buy of the maker. Come to 1
5 the BLUE Signs, 2d block from Eg
8 Market.
I BROWN BROS. & CO. I
m Wholesale Manufacturers
i| Selling at Retail,
I 121-123 SANSOME ST. I
DYEA
F*OR -and-
V SKA6DAY.
The Elegant Fast Steamer
IiUMBOLDT
WILL BE DISPATCHED
FEBRUARY Ist
1
For passage and freight apply quickly to
J. MACEE JR.,
310 CLAY STREET.
*********#**#**-::::■***#*#**♦#*
I PERFECTION . : . PREVAILS |
IcdisineTseryicel
* ...'■-■ *
* —IN THE— * *
I LADIES' GRILL*
* of PALACE.
* the fr/ALt/Aft+ezLm %
i Direct Entrance from Market Street *
**#*#**#**********#***■*■****♦
I a HI ■•■ I Hi* v, >ll if
fi HAVE TOU Soro Throat, Pimples, Copper- E
f Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers I
IHAVE YOU Throat. Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored Spots, AchPS, Old Sores, Ulcers fl
In Mouth, H.-iir-F.-UHnsf 1 Write COOK KEJI- fl
ji ED CO.. 213 • MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 1
£ CAGO, ILL., ■ for proofs of cures. Capital H
n foOO.OUO. Worst cases cured In la to So days. E
1100-page1 100-page Worst cases cured in 16 to 36 days. ■
100-pape book free. ■
Oppression r Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Part*. J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
fe 1)
>25^330 MARKET ST.af.NS^
56
THURSDAY JANUARY 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 18G8.
EDITORIAL ROOMS SIT to 221 Stevenson strea
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL DAILY AND SUNDAY^ Is j
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year, per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by njall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Enstern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Bulldinft
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rift&s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES--527 Montgomery street. «orner Cloy: j
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until i
9:30 o'clock. 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larßln street: open until 9:30 o'clock ]
£W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
!06 Eleventh St.: open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
and Kentucky streets: open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" The Girl From Paris."
California— "Courted Into Court."
Alcazar— -The Arabian Nifrhta."
Morosco's— "Brother for Brother."
Tivoli— "Brian Boru."
Tlvoii— Concert this afternoon.
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Co., Saturday evening.
Olympia, cor. Mason and Eddy streets.— Klrchner's Ladles'
Orchestra.
The Chutes— Chlquita and Vaudeville-
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mining Ealr and Klondike Exposition,
Saturday night.
Lybpck Cycle Skating: Rink— Optical Illusions.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Injriesidi* Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. Umbsen, Monday. January 31, Real Estate, at 14
Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
ECONOMY IN NEVADA.
WHETHER regarded as an industry, a pastime
or a method of practicing law, lynching in
Nevada is to continue for some time longer
unhampered by legal interference and unfretted by
public criticism. This is the only conclusion de
ducible from the refusal of the Douglass Grand Jury
to indict the lynchers in the Über case at Carson, for
it seems there was no lack of evidence against the
lynchers, but a most plentiful lack of desire to prose
cute them.
It is most fortunate in every respect that along
with the news of the refusal of the Grand Jury to in
dict there came an explanation of the cause of the
refusal. Had nothing been made public but the bare
report of the action of the jury, Eastern opinion
would have at once declared the case to be another
evidence of the wild and woolly lawlessness of the
West; while in the West itself there would have been
so many suggestions of "stuff" and "dough' and
"Colonel Mazuma" that the uninitiated would have
supposed the colonel keeps a bakery at Carson and
the Grand Jury had taken his cake.
The explanation which so opportunely came along
with the news saves the West and the people of Ne
vada from all injurious suspicions either on this
coast or beyond the Rockies. It makes known the
fact that the lynchers were permitted to go free
simply to save expense. It would have cost the
county a good deal of money to have prosecuted the
guilty parties, and bonanza days being over in the
sagebrush State there is no longer any money to
burn either in court or out of it. On that score the
lynchers were released by the thrifty members of the
Grand Jury, doubtless in the hope that having been
thus given rope enough they would eventually hang
themselves or one another without expense to the
county.
Thrift is the mother of all virtues. It is pleasing
to observe the cultivation of it among the people of
Nevada, where it has long been neglected. When
they have well learned how to save money they may
I-roceed to higher lessons of economy and learn how
to save lives and protect person as well as property.
Then they will know that thrift walks hand in hand
with la-.v, and that money expended in the perform
ance of justice is neither wasted nor lost.
In the meantime it is gratifying that the case when
fally examined makes a much better showing for the
people of Nevada than appears on the surface. An
effort, really in earnest on the part of the officers of
the law. was made to bring the lynchers to justice.
The Prosecuting Attorney did his work with zeal and
seems to have submitted to the jury abundant evi
dence to prove the case of the State against the ac
cused. A considerable number of the Grand Jury
also were ready and willing to act. Justice failed
simply because a number of thrifty citizens whose de
votion to economy would have made them excellent
Supervisors were by a freak of fortune turned from
that office and landed in the Grand Jury.
The practical joker who plays ghost and scares
people crazy has been at his work again. It is too
bad that something cannot be done with this fellow.
To be sure, some relative of the victim might knock
the head of the jocose idiot, and yet there is little
likelihood that any will be so thoughtful. The statute
can deal with crime fairly well; it provides for the
lunatic, but as to the fool it is still weak.
If Bennett was really insane when he stabbed his
wife seventeen times and cut his own throat, his re
covery just in time to escape to Victoria and fight
against being brought back was an instance of rapid
cure. It ought to impress any jury, the nature of the
impression depending, of course, upon the intelli
gence of the jury.
Frank Burnstein. who lived near Santa Cruz,
studied theosophy. and from some process not clear
to the worldly mind absorbed the idea that he could
live without food. It is painful to relate that Burn
stein was in error. His astral body may be all right,
but the body he left behind was a bag of bones.
Perhaps the United States army is a little weak
numerically, but there is nothing more impressive
known to modern military science than the new uni
form of General Miles.
There has been some concern because of the float
ing of counterfeit $100 notes, and yet the people who
have escaped annoyance do not seem particularly
glad of it.
Several Governors are in favor of annexation, and
several gentlemen who have hopes of going into the
same line of business are known to share this
feeling.
People who are fond of remarking upon coinci
dences can find one, of no possible consequence, in
the fact that Durrant and Figel were once class
mates
POLLING AS AN ART
THERE is a brand of journalism which is afraid
to express an opinion until it has carefully
weighed the result in coin. One symptom of
it is the habit of polling. It does not care for the
right or wrong of any matter, but it does care how
the position it may take will strike the pocket. Its
brains are in its pocket, and had it a conscience this
would be there too.
The latest instance of this locally is in connection
with the fight of Los Angeles to free itserf from the
grip of the water company. The papers of that city
had been reduced to a state of submission. Three
of them did the bidding of the company, nor asked
any question unless perhaps as to the feasibility of
advancing the price of editorial support. It was ne
cessary that some paper not subject to local influence
should take up the fight of the people. This The Call
did freely, not stopping to inquire what the conse
quence would be to itself. Meanwhile yeflow jour
nalism held in abeyance such influence as it might
possess and began to feel its way. It resorted to the
'■poll."
There is only one construction to be placed on this
course when it is considered that the sheet taking it
is the Examiner. It wants to find whether it can
afford to espouse the cause of the people at the risk
of offending the water company, or whether its profit
able method will be to get on the payroll of the com
pany and :et the people go. On the returns from its
poll will rest the conclusion. There is never a pos
sibility of its doing anything from a conviction that
to do it would be right. It is not subject to this va
riety of conviction. A sheet which lacks the courage
to speak its little mind about a proposed monkey
ranch until it has taken one of its justly celebrated
polls cannot be expected to deal with a subject so
wide and far-reaching as the Los Angeles water
problem without having first got the consent of every
actual or possible subscriber concerned.
It follows, of course, that there is no importance to
be attached to the way the yellow toad may hop. It
can indorse the water company, and the reason for
doing so will be so plain that none will be deceived.
It can indorse the people, but the subject has already
been so exploited that even this unfortunate backing
will not weaken the people's case.
But there is really very little difference what it may
do. The controversy will be settled without its aid.
The point at issue is this mania for polling. Yellow
journalists will soon be afraid to announce a flood
without taking a poll of the citizens washed out. In
deed, the polling habit is only less virulent than the
affidavit habit, which impels the liar to swear to his
lies, but no less fervently to his accidental truths.
A BUGABOO WAR SCARE.
DESPITE the shudders and shrieks of yellow
journalists trying to get up a war scare over
the dispatch of the Maine to Havana, it is
notable that the business interests of the country are
not in the least concerned, and even Wall street, so
prone to excitement over every passing cloud, has not
had a flurry in any of its numerous pits and pools.
The incident shows in what contempt sensational
journalism is held throughout the country in all in
telligent circles, For weeks the yellow papers have
been screaming of coming war in type so big that
circus posters look mild in comparison. For weeks
they have been publishing interviews with the Gov
ernor of Cuba, the Prime Minister of Spain and a
host of other Spanish dignitaries, all breathing war
against the United States, and yet the public goes
right along paying no more attention to the lurid
news and the clamors of war than they would to the
gibbering of so many idiots shouting at passers from
the barred windows of a safe asylum.
Incidents of this kind are encouraging. We hear
so much of the influence of decadent journalism and
of the pernicious effects of the yellow monstrosities
there is at times a feeling of anxiety lest the whole
character of public opinion should be tainted by the
vicious depravities that emanate from such sources.
When we note, however, the indifference of the in
telligent portion of the community to such efforts of
yellow journalism as this war scare, we are freed
from all such fears. Decadent journalism is evi
dently one of the pestilences that affect only those
who by some taint of blood are predisposed to receive
them.
The bugaboo war scare passes as harmlessly over
the minds of the great bulk of the American people as
some noxious vapor from a sewer passes off from our
hills, blown away by the strong, pure breezes
of the ocean. The country has confidence in the abil
ity of the administration at Washington to guard
every American interest in Cuba and to effectually
aid in restoring peace to that unhappy island without
engaging in a needless war with Spain.
Yellow journalism must turn to some other source
for an international sensation. Probably it might
find one by getting an interview with Kaiser Wil
liam. One of our pictorial magazines is now running
a vivid story of a German invasion of the United
States, and it would take but little exercise of yellow
enterprise to transform magazine fiction into a news
paper realism that would serve, for a day at least, to
stir the pulses of the slums.
If anybody would rather die by faith than recover
by medicine the matter might be regarded as a per
sonal and private one, except that babies are some
times required to die by faith while yet too young to
appreciate its beauties. Resides this, come maladies
have the disadvantage of being catching, and germs
from them are likely to float to localities where the
people are not educated up to the point of curing
themselves by indulging in thought of a refined va
riety.
The revolting bestiality of the Clarks. now under
arrest or surveillance at Napa. has never been ex
ceeded so far as criminal annals show. Neither the
man nor woman is fit to live. The public has a right
to hope that exploitation of their foulness will be brief
and barren of further particulars.
While President Dole is speculating as to the fu
ture of Hawaii, and fearful lest the islands fall prey
to some greedy power, there is one possibility of
which he fails to make mention. What if the rightful
owners were to take a notion to rule themselves?
Natives of India have been scared into fasting by
the sight of an eclipse. Fasting is almost a habit
with them, but they usually have a better reason for
indulging in it, this being the absence of anything
edible.
The policeman anxious to make a record ought to
arrest a few of the peculiar people who leave horses
untied. The arrest of the horse is usually accom
plished after the damage has been done.
According to official records there is an abundance
of room in the local jails, and with so many thieves
and thtigs running loose it seems z pity that this
space should be going to waste.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY,
WE have striven successfully to impress the
American public with a correct idea of the
Hawaiian oligarchy, which is proposing to
sell that country to the United States for $4,000,000
to pay Dole's debts and about $8,000,000 a year pro
tection bounty on raw 'sugar. It has suited the an
nexationists in this country to deny these facts. "No
body is disenfranchised in Hawaii, ''they have insisted.
Senator Morgan, when confronted with our state
ment of the situation, cut across the question hy ap
proving the suppression of the native vote. While
in Hawaii at the expense of the oligarchy, which
omitted no hospitality, he told the natives that aftei
annexation they would be treated just like our
Southern negroes! After all this mixture of admis
sion and denial of Our statements, the truth is at last
confessed by a member of the Dole Cabinet. The
Chief Oligarch is away and the dissensions among the
.members of his government are taking shape.
Finance Minister Damon, in a public speech to the
members of the Government, has said:
"This question of the voting population being in
the minority cannot go on forever. * * * If we
are a republic we want to have a common country
and a common ground to work upon, and to .say that
a part of this community is to be kept outside the
pale seems to me a great mistake."
This is very broad and very valuable. It admits
government by the minority, as we have claimed. It
questions the existence of a republic at all— "If we
are a republic"— and no colleague of Minister Damon
attempted to lift the imputation and its shadow off the
oligarchy.
In the light of this official confession the proposi
tion of Senator Bacon to submit to a vote of the
v hole Hawaiian people the question of annexation
gains an irresistible force.
Senator Morgan is struggling to divert public at
tention to some indecencies in which he indulges
toward Mr. Cleveland. But Americans are not to be
diverted in that way.
When a territory is to be admitted into this Union
the people make and offer to Congress a constitu
tion and they vote upon the question of admission.
In one instance Congress so changed a constitution
that the people voted not to enter the Union, refused
admission by a large majority, and there was no
power in the Federal Government to override their
will. Conrre<=s was compelled to concede the point
and then the people voted to enter the Union and the
Ftatc wa.s admitted.
Are we to violate all constitutional provisions and
repudiate all our povcrnmontal precedents just be
cause Dole pays a visit to get his $4,000,000 ol debts
paid and the planters want $8.000000 a year out of us?
Are we to let an oligarchy, which is not even
elected by the minority of voters admitted by Minister
Damon to exit, sell out a country under pretense
that it represents the people and is republican in
form, while Damon cries out, "IF we are a repub
lic!"
SENATOR TELLER burst into the Senatorial
debate on the silver resolutions on Tin
with such impassioned zeal that his fury car
ried him in one instance to a degree of rudeness that
shocked even his own sense of courtesy and brought
the flow of his raging rhetoric to a sudden stop. In
a half apologetic way he said afterward he would have
his offensive expression stricken from the record,
whereupon Senator Hoar, with the kindness of a
candid friend, advised him to have the whole speech
stricken out.
The advice of the calm Senator from Massachusetts
to his excited colleague from Colorado was judicious.
As an aspirant for the Presidency and a possible can
didate for that high office, Mr. Teller should keep
his head cool and beware of sudden heats. Red
hot speeches do not make campaign documents at
tractive to intelligent voters, and men who cannot
discuss coolly and reasonably grave matters of state
are not the kind that are chosen by the American
people to preside over the afTairs of the Union.
There is nothing in the occasion of the present
silver debate to greatly excite any one except a fan
atic who rages simply because he recognizes the im
potence of his rage. The silver Senators know very
well the House will never adopt the resolutions they
have submitted to the Senate and are now so ve
hemently discussing. They know, and they are aware
the country knows, the resolutions were introduced
simply to show the currency reformers that no re
form bill can pass the Senate at this session. The
whole thing is simply in the nature of a bluff, and to
make a successful bluff it is by no means necessary'
to create a volcano.
It is barely possible the rage of Senator Teller may
have been due to an excited fear on his part that the
bluflf will not work. The Senate may after all refuse to
adopt his resolutions. There are not so many silver
Republicans as there were a year ago. The party is
petting into line for currency reform, and some of the
Senators whom the silver men confidently counted on
when they boldly introduced their resolutions may be
found on the other side when the vote is taken. If
this be so. we can understand the wrath of the Sen
ator from Colorado. He will have seen himself about
to be hoisted by his own petard, and under such cir
cumstances excitement is natural.
As a matter of fact, the silver Senators are playing
a desperate game. There are several gold Democrats
in the Senate who will vote with the Republicans
against their resolutions. They can win only by ob
taining the votes of many so-called silver Republi
can^, and, as we have said, these are not so numerous
as they were.
By the St. Louis platform the Republican delegates
in Congress are pledged to the declaration, "We are
unalterably opposed to every measure calculated to
debase our currency or impair the credit of our
Government." Surely not many Republicans in Con
gress, even though favorable to silver, will violate that
pledge simply to head off a currency reform bill. It
is this aspect of the situation that gives interest to the
debate. Senator Teller's sound and fury may after all
signify something. It may mean that his bluff is
about to shoot from under him like a landslide.
Naturally the champion athlete of Vassar is a Caii
fornian girl. No other State in the Union may hope
to compete with this State in the production of femi
nine strength and shapeliness
Miss Abrams of New York may be regarded as
a lucky young woman. She has received Sio.noo for
the injury a dentist did her jaw and still has enough
jaw to chew gum.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald in his act of boom
ing the annexation of coolies is a spectacle for gods
and men, but particularly men, and more particularly,
working men.
When a German paper decides to run a cartoon
of the Kaiser it ought to make a good one. No com
monplace cartoon is worth being sent to jail for.
DAMON'S ADMISSION.
SOUND AND FURY
JAXITAKY 27, 3 898.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
New York refused to enthuse over Sy
bil Sanderson when she appeared at the
Metropolitan Opera House some years
ago. but Marie Barna, another Califor
nia prima donna. Is reaping large crops of
laurels with Walter Pnmrnsrh'l Opera
Company at the Metropolitan Opera
House. The seanon opened last week, and
BO far has born an unqualified success.
Mario liarna, who Is appearing In heavy
Wagnexian roles. Is the daughter of
Judge Barnard of Ban Francisco, and re
ceived her early vocal training In this
city. Some years ago she went East and
made her home In Boston, where she
fang In concert with the Cecilia Society
and the Boston Symphony Orchestra.
<;<>ing to Europe she completed her train
ing under Sbriglia and Marches!, in Paris,
and subsequently she sang with much
success in Italy. Her repertoire contains
the classic and modern Italian operas,
and in the highly dramatic "Andrea Che-
MARIE BARNA. WITH THE DAMROSCH-ELLIS OPERA COMPANY.
nlor" of Goordano and In Puccini's "La
BoheaM" > l i<> !ias Mine ivoently with
much praise. The range, purity, reso
:.!iu emotional quality of h<^r voice
fit her especially for the Wafnertao parts
which sha la taking in New York. Her
rti-hut last we« k was made as Venus in
"Tannhauser."
Tho sub-title given by Richard Wns
ner to his Taunhattser," and which the
bills of tho National Academy of Music
n«ver reproduce, "The Joust of the
Singers at the Wartbourg." has just
found a singular Justification at
the < )pora In Vienna, where they were
playing "Tannhausi-r"' recently. Since
t).<- suppression of the official claque sev
eral artists of this theater have possessed
a private claque, composed of young en
thusiasts, whose manual labor is not
paid for. The tenor, Wlnklemann, and
the barytone, Reichmann, two celebrated
"Wagnerian singers, possess a very nu
merous and militant claque of this kind,
the members of which impose themselves
upon the public more than the old official
claque, without the director of the opera
or the police being able to Interfere in
any way. Now, one night lately the
"claques" of these two artists commenced
a battle against each other without as
signing any cause for this raising of
shields. In tho second act, after the allo
cution of "Wolfram d"Eschenbaeh, very
well sung by M. Reichmann, his claque
applannded vociferously for rive minutes.
M. Winklemann's claque got jealous and
began to cry, "Enough! enough:" and the
plaudits were Interrupted by hisses. M.
Reichmann let it be plainly seen that he
was furious. Arrived at the third act
and tho famous song of the "Evening
Star" (the "battle horse" of M. Reich
mann) the same scene which preceded
was reproduced. M. Reichmann then
said some words to the conductor, which
could not be hoard, leaned his harp
against the trunk of a tree and walked
off. The director, M. Mahler, who had
taken a vacation and was resting in the
Alps, returned after the fetes and had a
friendly explanation with M. Reichmann.
who still remains at the Imperial Opera.
On their side the director and the police
are taking measures to prevent a repeti
tion of this scene in future. M. Winkle
mann and M. Reichmann are the pillars
of the Wagnerian repertory, and neither
one nor the other can be duplicated In
most of his roles.
From the Menestrel: These Americans
will novor cease stupefying us with their
incessant inventions. Here Is one quite
recent, introduced Into tTO singing
Schools, ami duo to an "eminent" pro
fis.s.ir of New York. It Is besides very
simple and entails no other expense than
tho purchase of an umbrella. What to
do with, you will ask, for what pur
pose this engine dear to Robinson Crusoe
in a singing class? See. The professor
places himself, armed with the instru
ment in question, in an angle of the hall
and all his pupils correctly ranged before
him. commence to utter a sound in fol
lowing with attention all his movements.
Little by little, sluwly the umbrella opens
and by the measure which he employs,
the sound of the voice ought to augment
to attain its full plenitude when the ob
ject is entirely open. Afterward the
contrary ought to take place: always
■lowly, poco a poco, the umbrella shuts
and the voices follow its evolution, di
minuendo, decrescendo. to arrive at pia
nissimo the most perfect and to be ex
tinguished finally in a whisper when the
umbrella is completely folded. Is it not
marvelous, and can one comprehend
why neither Garcia nor Ponchard ever
had the idea to adopt a proceeding so
practical and so simple?
The great "Cinderella" performances,
which took place last week at the Met
ropolitan Opera House, for the benefit of
three Roman Catholic charities, were a
complete failure, so far as the financial
results were concerned. All the follow
ing day the stage door was besieged by
applicants for money. A small percent
age was forthcoming with promises of
more. Mr. Lummls, the representative
of the institutions to be benefited, said
that there was more money coming in
and the accounts were not yet audited,
but that he thought all claims would be
satisfied. Mrs. Barnes, who had nothing
to do with the liualnntta part of the un
dertaking but superintended all the stage
arrangements, has engaged legal assis
tance, fearing the creditors will take
measures against her to secure payment
of their bills.
A Jury in the United States Circuit
Court. Judge Wallace presiding, has
awarded $1000 damages to James Fitch
Thompson, a singer, -who sued Max
Backert for $15.0X1 for alleged malicious
arrest, owing to which, the plaintiff al
leges, he lost his voice and was unable to
fulfill his musical engagements. Thomp
son says he was arrested for debt at tho
instance of the defendant, in Boston, in
December, ISS3. He was released under
the poor debtor law. but in March, MM,
Backert again caused his arrest. In vio
lation of a Massachusetts law which pro
hibits a second arrest upon the snme ex
ecution for debt. On this second occa
sion, Thompson says, he was taken from
his hotel to jail through all the inclem
ency of a cold snowy winter's day, the
injury to his voice resulting. Backert
pleaded ignorance of the law.
The Musical Courier publishes the fol
lowing letter: Editors Musical Courier:
How is this for musical Boston? At the
II»-nscheI concert yesterday, just before
Mr. Henschel came on the stage, a lady
crossed over the center aisle and began
talking to a friend. There she remained,
Btill talking, during the applause which
greeted him. He seated himself at the
piano, played a few bars, and when he
found that she still continued talking he
stepped to the front of the stage and re
quested her to be seated. Yours sin
cerely, One who was there, January 9.
Some thoughts and aphorisms of Anton
Rubinstein: For the public, life is the
most serious thing and art is an amuse
ment; for the artist it Is the contrary;
art is everything and life is only a dis
traction.
Life is an enigma and death is the key
to it.
People talk of the fear of God; It is the
fear of man that one ought to have, for
God is merciful, while men do not par
don.
I am an adversary to capital punish
ment: for in inflicting the penalty of
death society places itself on the same
plane with the assassin; he has killed,
one kills him. The assassin should be
rendered inoffensive by being imprisoned
for life; I would suspend in his cell the
portrait of his victim and have a weapon
placed beside it. Perhaps remorse would
suggest to the assassin the idea of sui
cide, the only logical solution to the
crime, it appears to me.
Six thousand people attended the Audi
torium, Chicago, on the ISth of January
for the biggest musical and social event
of the season. Nordica, Ysaye and Plan
con were the soloists, with the Thomas
orchestra. All were rapturously ap
plauded. Every box was occupied at $150
each.
Carlo Torrianl. the well-known musical
director, a native of New York, died of
consumption last week at his residence
204 West Thirty-fourth street, after a
lingering illness.
Bignor Nicolin!, husband of Jlrae Ade
Una Patti, died at Pau, France, Janu
ary 19.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
George TV. Chandler, a capitalist of
Santa Cruz, is at the Grand.
Fred Doal. the Fresno hotel man, ia at
the Baldwin for a few days.
A. F. Saul, a mining man of Bisbee
Ariz., is staying at the California.
J. M. Whitney, a wealthy miner of So
nora, has taken rooms at the Lick.
Dr. W. S. George, one of Antioch's
leading physicians, is at the Grand.
John C. Downing, a prominent politi
cian of Tacoma, is at the Occidental.
P. A. Dronboy, a prominent resident of
Toole, Manitoba, is at the Occident.il.
R. A. Bmith, a mining man from the
City of Mexico, is a guest at the Lick.
Dr. H. A. Mestneyer, a physician of
Marysvllle, Is stopping at the Palace.
J. F. Carolan and wife have come up
from Burllngame and are at the Palace.
L. O. Bell, a manufacturer of New
York State, Is to be found at the Palace.
W. H. Hatton, the well-known Modesto
lawyer and politician, is a guest at the
Lick.
G. M. M. Ross, an extensive land-owner
of Petaluma, is registered at the Occi
dental.
P. J. Murry, one of Sacramento's most
progressive merchants, is at the Cali
fornia.
E. D. Casterline, a well-known business
man of Los Angeles, is a guest at the
Baldwin.
D. A. Jones, who is a power In New
York commercial circles, is registered at
the Palace.
J. B. O. Kee and J. M. "Wilson, two rich
mining men of Wyoming, are together at
the Palace.
Manager F. M. Gray of the People's
Telephone Company of San Jose sailed
yeeterday for Honolulu on business rel
ative to the new telephone plant being
installed there.
M. If. Allen, one of the best-known resi
dents of Washington, D. C, is staying at
the Palace.
H. A. Sturpis. a millionaire of St. Louis,
is at the California on" a visit of pleasure
to the coast.
James Mainwaring, a well-known and
popular club man of Brooklyn, N. V., is
at the Occidental.
D. Horn, the popular boniface of the
Hornbrook Hotel in Slsklyou County, is
a guest at the Grand.
W. W. Seaman. Assistant Superintend
ent of Public Instruction, is registered at
the Lick from Sacramento.
W. S. McGill, a large rancher of Wat
sonville. is one of the guests who arrived
at the Occidental yesterday.
A. W. Smith, one of the bright lights of
the Chicago bar. is to be seen in the cor
ridors of the Palace these days.
I. K. Hamilton, a Chicago millionaire,
is at the Occidental on a visit to the
coast. Mrs. Hamilton accompanies him.
J. B. Klrkland, an active and well
liked railroad man of Portland, is stay
ing at the Occidental on a short visit to
the city.
W. A. McNight, a railroad man of
Santa Maria, is visiting the city on busi
ness connected with his profession. He
is at the Grand.
E. E. Rittenhauser, who has been stay
ing at the Occidental for some time past,
sailed for Korea yesterday on the Peru.
He goes to take charge of the locomo
tives that are being used on the new rail
road being built in that country.
William Carson, the millionaire red«
wood manufacturer of Eureka. Humboldt
County, is in town. His son Sumner will
start for Dawson City on the first of tha
month. He will have the best-equipped
outfit of any young man yet leaving for
the Alaskan gold fields.
Count Cmi, the friend and companion
of Prince Louis of Savoy and who accom
panied that gentleman on his celebrated
mountain climbing trip, arrived at the
Palace last evening from Colorado. The
Count Is largely interested in Colorado
mining properties, and makes periodical
visits to that State to look after his in
terests there. His presence in this city
is merely a desire to renew the pleasant
acquaintances made by him on hla last
visit.
Colonel Chad
bourne, Harbor
Com mlssioner,
was walking
along the city
front last Sun
day observing
COULD NOT
STUMP
THE COLONEL.
the efforts that
the embryo forest his artistic genius has
started on East street was making to
survive the cloud 3of coal dust and
splinters that form its principal nourish
ment, when he was approached by Billy
Foote and a party of prominent politi
cians, who were also taking a stroll about
the docks and endeavoring to find in the
salt air a panacea for the headaches re
sultant of the hard work of the previous
Saturday night and the worry and trou
ble incident to the reception of distin
guished jubilee visitors.
"Colonel," said Foote, "I am told that
you are pretty well up on everything re
lating to trees; in fact, those who ought
to know say that your information on
that subject is hardly less than pheno
menal, and embraces in its range every
thing from a juniper bush to a redwood.
Is that right?" "Well, to tell the
truth, I do know something in that line. '
replied the modest colonel. "Then," said
Foote, "you are just the man we are
looking- for. English here and myself
have had a dispute on the kind of tree that
that ancient sightseer climbed to. witness
the entrance of the Lord into Jerusalem.
Neither of us was certain, and, seeing
you, I bet him the drinks that you could
tell us, as there wag nothing you did not
know in matters of that kind." "You
were right," answered Chadbourne. "It
was a high tree. Where shall we go for
the drinks?"
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26.— J. Hutchin
son of San Francisco is at the Raleigh;
C M. Barnes of Oakland is at the Nor
mandie; Judge Curtis H. Lindley of San
Francisco is at the Shoreham.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 26.— Martin Berwin of
San Francisco is at the Hoffman House,
and J. S. Webster of San Francisco is at
the Hotel Manhattan.
THE COMBINE IS SQUIRMING.
The San Francisco Call has touched an
electric button in Los Angeles, and there
is great squirming in that city. Perhaps
The Call has exposed a few truths.— Santa
Monica Outlook.
AND THE WAR ISN'T OVER.
The San Francisco Call has stirred the
animals up in Los Angeles in great shape.
A two-page article Monday exposing the
"Internal apparatus" of the water com
pany is a corker. The war isn't over yet.
—Pasadena News.
ANSWER TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AN OLD PAPER— A. S., City. As you
failed to give the name and date of the
old paper you have In your possession it
is impossible to state if It has any value
HOME TREASURY-Many Subscrib
ers. The address of the Home Treasury,
the advertisement of which appeared in
the Golden Era Edition of the San Fran
cisco Call, is Augusta, Me.
THE CENTURY-B. P., City. The ques
tion about the beginning and ending of tha
century has been answered several times
in this department. The present century
will end at midnight, December 31, 1900
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS— F. X..
City. A person desiring to obtain a
Government position in the United States
mint. Custom House, postofflce or other
departments named in the civil service
act. except that of chief clerk or cashier
or laborer, must undergo civil service ex
amination, blanks for which may be ob
tained at the head office of any of the
departments.
Guillet's potato, filbert cake. 905 Larkin.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's.*
Special Information- supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
A Dixfield (Me.) firm has just com
pleted an order for 8,000,000 checkers
and 200,000 dice boxes.
Axcostfra BiTTEHS— Prepared by Da Snto
ert for his private xiso. have become famous as
the best appetirinu tonic. Accept no other.
Bhon-chitis. Sudden ohansres of the weather
cause Bronchial Trembles. "Brown's Bronchial
Troches" will g-ive effective relief.
It is said that the patterns on the
finger-tips are not only unchangeable
through life, but the chance* of the
finger-tips of two persons being alike
is less than one chance in 64,000,000 000
NEW TO-DAY.
The Certain
Protection
of our bread, biscuit
and cake from alum
is in the use of Royal
Baking Powder only.NONE TOO MANY
POSTAL CLERKS
Chamber of Commerce
Opposes the Proposed
Reduction.
The Congressional Delegation
Petitioned to Intercede With
the Postmaster-General.
Stops Token to Have San Frnnclsco
Properly Represented at the
Omaha Exposition.
The Chamber of Commerce has taken '■
prompt action to prevent the threat- ;
ened reduction in the force of mail car
riers of this city. The board of trus- j
tees held a special meeting yesterday j
afternoon, at which the report of the
First Assistant Postmaster General,
showing the necessity for retrenchment |
In the department, owing to the insulli- |
olent appropriation, was discussed at !
length. This report had been sent to [
the Chamber of Commerce by Postmas- i
ter Montague with the request that the j
representative organizations of the city j
appeal to the Congressional delegation j
to exert its influence with the postal I
authorities to prevent the crippling of I
the free delivery system In this city.
A series of resoluti <ns wore prepared
and adopted, setting forth that the lat- !
est reports issued by the Postoffl< • De- |
partment show a steady increase in the i
business handled, and a corresponding
Increase in the receipts, indicating an J
improvement of business conditions I
throughout the country. They also set
forth that the present Congressional .
appropriation under which the Postal
Department is being operated is insuf- :
ficient, and in consequence the Post- i
master-General contemplates certain |
retrenchments, including the cutting '
down of the letter carrier force, which, ]
In the judgment of the board of trus- j
tees of the Chamber of Commerce, :
■would be injurious to the best interests j
of the people. The resolutions conclude
as follows:
Rfsolved. That in the opinion of this ;
chamber, no backward step should be j
taken In the administration of the postal I
affairs of the country; that the service |
should not only be held up to its present j
efficiency, but that it should be progres
sive and bo kept abreast of the wants of
the peopje.
Resolved. That our delegation In Con
gress be urged to favor such liberal ap
propriations for the postal service as well
prevent deficiencies necessitating undue
retrenchment in the present service, and
that, to this end, we invite special atten- j
tion to the estimates and recommenda- !
tlons as outlined in the report of the j
Hon. First Assistant Postmaster-General j
for the fiscal year ending June 30, li>97, j
and ask favorable action thereon.
The resolutions will be forwarded to !
the members of the California delega- |
tion and to the Postmaster-General at
once.
■ Mayor Phelan attended the meeting
at the invitation of the trustees to dis- J
cuss the proposition to have San Fran
cisco suitably represented at the trans- I
Mississippi and International Exposi- j
tion, to open at Omaha next June, and |
continue for six months. Mayor Phe- j
lan was anxious that the city and j
county should make a creditable show- j
ing, and promised his hearty co-opera- j
tion. A letter the Mayor bad sent to i
the chamber a few days previously
was read. In it he stated that th*
Hoard of Supervisors would undoubted
ly aid the movement financially to a
limited extent, which it was empowered
to do under the general law. Fiv»>
thousand dollars was allowed for ad
vertising the city and $3000 of this had
been appropriated for the Golden Ju
bilee, but there remained $2000 in thf
fund which co-uld be drawn on. The
rest of the necessary funds would have
to be raised by private subscription.
The trustees appointed a committee
of six to confer with the Board of
Trade, Mechanics" Institute and the
four representatives of the Exposition
In this city as to the best means of
sending on a suitable exhiWt.
A communication was read from C.
J. Dempster, who at the request of the
Chamber of Commerce attended the
Nicaragua Canal Convention, held in
Kansas City on the 17th and ISth inst.,
giving an outline of the proceedings,
and stating that the delegates had ac
cepted an invitation to visit the site
of the canal and had started on their
trip.
No Bad Intention.
Commissioner Heacock yesterday held
the preliminary examination of Amadeo
Gianplli. a young man tn charge of a
frultstore on the corner of Harriet and
Bryant streets. Glanelll was accused of
having passed a counterfeit dollar on a
customer in change. The evidence failed
to show that the prisoner was aware that
the money was bad or that he had any
bad intent in the matter. Secret Service j
Agent Harris was convinced thaf Gianelli j
was not to blame, and on motion of the i
"United States Attorney the case was dis- j
missed.
Champagne Imports in 1897.
The Importation of G. H. Mamn'i Extra Dry
amounted to 72,775 ca.«*s. or 42.233 more than of
any other brand. The wine now import. -1 Is
particularly fine, dry an<l of exquisite bouquet. •
Christian Endeavor Rally
The grand anniversary rally of the
Young People's Society of Christian En
deavor will be held at Stewart Memorial
Church. Guerrero street, near Twenty
third, on Sunday, the SOth inst. In addi
tion to sinpinK by the church choir, led
by Miss Rosina H. Treadwell. prominent
members of the church will address the
meeting.
NEW TO-DAY.
II . D.A\vsoh! en y, y
P d..h\vson cnr. ■
j|i .VOX;, t), '97.
I Mr. Thomas Butler — 1 1
B Dior Sir: ' :^A
* • * • The Mackinaw*
■ Go thing and Woolen 'Blank- m
I ets made by Brown "Bros. &\ |
H Co. are the best on the Klon- M
W dike. Every one wants \toM'
H know how and where we got\
I fhcm ' ' * * ' %■
I Claude and Clinton Rift. fl
1 121-ie3Saitebi?s^l' j
FIENDS POISON
DOMESTIC PETS
A Number of Complaints
Recently Made to
the Police.
J. C. Fredericks, Steiner Street,
Loses Four Valuable Mal
tese Cats.
Dr. Creely States That a Larje Num
ber of Cases Have Been Brought
to His Attention.
' Numerous complaints have been
made to the police recently, not only of
valuable doga having been stolen to
meet the demand for the Klondike, but
also of dogs, cats, fowls and other do
mestic pets having been poisoned.
Yesterday J. C. Fredericks. 1612 Stein
or street, called upon Chief Lees and
complained that within three weeks
I four valuable Maltese cats belonging to
him had beer, poisoned. Three of them
met the same fate on the night of Jan
i vary 5 and the other on Monday night.
Fredericks had with him a tin dish half
filled with fish, which he had taken
| from a neighbor's yard. Dr. Creely had
j analyzed the fish and found large quan
tities of strychnine mixed with it. He
i suggested that some action should be
| taken by the police to find out the poi
i soners, as he had not only lost his cats,
! but also several valuable fowls by poi
: son.
Dr. Creely accompanied Fredericks,
! and he told the Chief that a large nura
i ber of people had come to him recently,
! asking him to analyze the stomachs of
dogs and cats that had evidently been
poisoned, and In every case he had
found the presence of strychnine. He
could pot account for the epidemic of
poisoning animals, unless it was done
by some evil-disposed persons without
any ulterior motive. About a week ago
he was called to South San Francisco
to attend a young colt that had been
horribly cut with a knife by some fiend.
The owner could offer no apparent rea
son for the dastardly act, as he could
not think of any enemy who would be
guilty of venting his spite upon the I
dumb brute.
The Chief sent for Captain Bohen,
and the Captain was instructed to de
tail a couple of detectives to look into |
the Fredericks case, and. if possible, :
discover the perpetrator of the poison
ing of the cats and fowls. It is a fel
ony to administer poison to animals,
and if the perpetrator is caught an ex
ample will be made of him or her.
In regard to the poisoning of dogs.
| the Chief thought that it might be done
i by burglars with the object of getting
j the faithful sentinels out of the way.
j He assured Fredericks and Dr. Creely
I that the department would do every-
J thing possible to stop the crime, and mi
i structions would be given to the Cap
! tains of each district to notify their
men to be on the lookout for the poi
ooners. _______________
j Asthma and Bronchitis cure Guarantee. Dr.
Gordlna Sanitarium. 514 Vine. nr. Seamy, B F.,Cal.
■ ♦ .
IRVING'S SUIT ON TRIAL
Charges the Harbor Commission
ers With Unlawfully Award
ing Contracts.
The suit of Samuel C. Irving against
the State Board of Harbor Commission
ers—Colnon, Harney and Chadbourne—
was commenced before Judgi ;
yesterday. It is aheged by Irving', who
represents tho Parafflne Paim Company,
that the Commissioners are seeking to un
lawfully give tho work of coating piles
used along tho water front to thi B
Francisco Wood I 'reserving Company. He
claims that the Parafflne Paint Company
presented the lowest bid for the prepara
tion of the Green-street wharf piles, but
it wns rejected. It Is also Claimed that
rhe Commissioners aro In collusion with
the San Francisco Wood Preserving Com
pany, and the plaintiff asks th.it the de
fendants be enjoined forever from com
mitir.g such alleged unlawful acts.
Secretary Koogan of t he board and
Commissioner Colnon were on tho stand
yesterday, and explained the method of
the framing and issuing of the contracts
in dispute. The case will go on again this
morning.
M. L. Ross Insolvent.
If Tj. Rosa of this city has hern de
clared insolvent. His liabilities are sched
uled at $11,319. Hid assets amount to
about $2200.
INTERESTING BETROTHAL.
Jules Clerfayt, the Popular Young Railroad Man,
to Wed a Belle.
The enpappment has just been announced of Jules Clerfayt. Pacific Coast
passenger apont of the Pennsylvania Railroad, and Miss Rcna Vander Naillen,
daughter of I'rofessor A. Vander Naillen.
The fortunate man la one of the most popular of the younger railroad men.
Miss Vander Naillen resides with her parents at 1515 Post street. No date for
the wedding has jet been arranged.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, Till RSDAY, JANTJABY 27, 1898.
DEATH ENDS
HIS MISERY
Baldwin Gardiner Sue-
cumbs to a Stray
Shot.
Suffered for Weeks, Surrounded
by Hi? Family and
Friends.
An Attempted Burglary Led to the
Shooting, Which Is Surrounded
in Mystery.
Baldwin Gardiner, an aged stock
broker, who was shot, supposedly by
Adam Stroh, a burglar, on Chrißtmas
day. died last evening at the Waldeck,
surrounded by his family and friends.
At the time of the shooting it was
thought by the physicians that the
wound, which was over the heart,
would prove fatal, and last evening the
prognosis proved correct.
The cause of the shooting and the
developments which followed aroused
general interest and the news sur
rounding the case was anxiously
watched. On Christmas night the
household was arousoj by a noise made
by Stroh. and Mr. Gardiner went to the
roar in search of the intruder. De
tectives had surrounded the house, and
shortly after ths burglar was discov
ered hanging to a porch railing in the
rear a shot was heard and the deceased
fell to the floor fatally wounded.
A dying statement was made which
accused Stroh of having fired the fatal
shot, but after developments created a
general opinion that a patrol driver
had unintentionally shot the stock
broker. Investigation followed and
it is now probable a charge of murder
will be placed against Stroh, but It Is the
general opinion that the burglar will
be vindicated.
After the shooting: the deceased
was carried to his apartments In his
home at LISS Geary street and Dr. Rix
ford was hurriedly called. Drs. Cheney
and Dosler soon followed and all was
done to make the sufferer comfortable.
< >n the 4th of this month the suffering
man was taken to the Waldock, where
he died. The cause for the removal was
not generally known, but it is suppose d
that It was thought by the family
that more attention would be given the
deceased at the hotel than could be ar
1 for at the reside:
The deceased, who was 59 years of
■ live of New York, was
well km>wn throughout the coast, and
for years had been prominently con
nected with the leading local stock
brokers. He had been known as a
thorough business man and thoroughly
honorable in all his dealings.
The Coroner's office was notified of
tho doath and the body was removed
to the Morgue.
Verdict for One Dollar.
The jury in the case of Samuel 1,. Thel
lor against Thomas Ross, a suit In the
United States Circuit Court to recover
$20,000 damages for an alleged infringe
ment of patent on a fruit dryer, returned
a verdict yesterday morning awarding to
the plaintiff damages in the sum of $1 and
costs.
WILL CHARM WITH STORY.
Delightful Entertainment to Be Given by the Ladies of West
minster Presbyterian Church To-Morrow Evening.
MRS. LAURA GEDDES SHELDON, THE NOTED READER.
The Ladles' Aid Society of the Westminster Presbyterian Church, cor
ner of Webster and Page streets, will give a dramatic and musical enter
tainment at the church to-morrow evening.
The bright particular star of the occasion will be Mrs. Laura Geddes
Sheldon of Oakland, the well-known reader, whose artistic efforts have
charmed many people In this city and vicinity. Other talent of a high order
Is ul^" Included in the list of participants. Mra. W. W. Smith, soprano, and
Messrs. J. Wheaton Leonard and J. Clem Bates, baritones, will contribute
no little pleasure to the event by their vocalization, while the accompani
ments will have the efficient attention of Mrs. Edith Johnson Batchelder.
The programme also includes a beautiful pantomime, "My Faith
Looks Up to Thee/* by Misses Ruth Sheldon and Maud Thomson.
TOO MUCH WORK
FOR SOLDIERS
Caring for the Big Rifles
and Mounting the New
Mortars.
Suggestion to Increase the Force
of Artillerymen at the
Presidio.
The Post at Angel Island Could Be
Abandoned Without Detriment
to the Service,
There is a feeling among some of the
commissioned officers and enlisted men
of the Third United States Artillery
that the work of caring for the new
guns recently placed In position, to
gether with the labor of mounting the
new mortar battery, is more than
should be imposed on the two compa
nies of heavy artillery detailed for duty
at the Presidio. The fact Is taken into
consideratifm that trje companies of
the First T'nited States Infantry, sta
tioned at the post, perform all the
guard and fatigue duty of the garrison
proper. It is said that the time of
guard duty to the infantry soldier
comes but once in a f'Ttnlght. Two
days of extra duty at the garrison dur
ing the same peric-d of time gives him
three days of duty in two weeks, while
the artilleryman must work eight hours
a day every day in the week saving
Sunday.
The men of the light batteries having
their own guns and h<>rst s to care for,
arc not obliged to work on the fortifi
cations, honce the burden of tcril falls
on the soldiers of the heavy artillery.
It is said that the work could be appor
tioned with greater fairness if the two
batteries of heavy artillery now sta
tioned at Angel Island were brought to
the Presidio.
It is clearly a military necessity that
Urn** Point, Aleatraz and Fn-t Mason
should be garrisoned with artillerymen,
but there seems to be no good reason
for keeping batteries of the Third Ar
tillery or tmnps of any other arm o-f
the service at Angel Island.
It is reported that Genera] Shafter.
commanding the Department of Cali
fornia, has in mind th»« establishment
Of an artillery camp near the recently
mounted modern guni on the Presidio
reservation. Should this plan be carried
out the batteries now stationed rm An
gel Island could be transferred to the
NEW TO-DAY.
/^kDR. SOPER
*j^®SBP; GUARANTEES
if^feS^S Tha t the cost of treatment to effect a
||3^||PjHp cure, by his NEW SYSTEM, will not ex-
J# J~^f^»J' ceed the prices named below, including
p ; \/JsypM aII medicines.
V^^^^^^P^ If incurable you will be told so.
Catarrh 120 00 ' Piles. $20 00 Kidney Diseases $20 00
• Rheumatism 20 00 Paralysis 60 00 Nervous Debility 20 00
Neuralgia 20 00 ! Skin Diseases 20 00 Syphilis 30 00
Sciatica 20 00 Diabetes 25 00 Varicocele 20 00
Fistula 30 00 Ulcers (chronic) 40 00 Stricture .. 30 00
Asthma 23 00 ■ .Bladder Diseases 20 00 Rupture .. 40 00
Gravel 20 00 Bronchitis : 20 00 Loss of Manhood 20 00
Consumption, Ist Btagre 30 00 Epilepsy or Fits 30 00, Gonorrhoea 10 00
Tape Worm 20 00 Diseases* of Liver 20 00 Gleet ../. 15 00
Dropsy .... 30 00 Goitre or Thick Neck. 30 00 Prostatic Diseases .... 20 00
Dyspepsia .... is 00 Bait Rheum 25 00 Tumors $50 00 to 400 00
Deafness 30 00 , Brighfs Disease 40 00 Cancer $100 00 to 600 00
Those who are unable to pay the above prices will receive services free of charge.
No matter wh3t your Disease or Affliction tnav bo. nor of how kmir Ktatxlmsr. secure the opinion
Of these EMINENT CANADIAN PHYSICIANS, an it COSTS YOU NOTHING.
THE NKITIIAMZIMi SYSTE3I OF TREATMENT Is a boon to suffering humanity
as it does away with the taking of poisonous mineral remedies. ■ .
31 EN who arc Nervous. Despondent, Diseased and Weak from early indiscretion and excess
in Ufo readily restored by this New System. UiM iWWyiWWy WlilWMWtll WU^i '
DISEASES OF WOMEN treated by an entirely new and namiens method. Those unable
to call send history of case with two-cent stamp and receive ODlnlon free. Correspondence con-
fidential- Consultation. Examination and Ad v loo Free. Hours 10 to 12 x. m.. 2 to 5 and 7to 8
P. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12 A. M.
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,
524 Taylor Street, Cor - : SS'framcisco. cau
mainland and employed where their
services are most required.
The department commander's plan of
having the infantry perform all the
Kuard duty at the Presidio so as to re
lieve the artillery from all service of
this kind was highly commended by
th.- Assistant Secretary of War. The
addition of two companies of heavy
artillery to the present garrison at the
Presidio need not disturb the existing
order of duty so far as the Infantry
companies are concerned.
Colonel If. P. Miller. Third Artillery,
with headquarters now at Angel Isl
and. Is two days the senior In rank of
Colonel Evan Miles, First Infantry,
now commanding 1 the post at the Pre
sidio. The Impression prevails among
the troops that Colonel Miller could
not come to the Presidio without dis
placing Colonel Miles, as post com
mander. If both officers were station
ed at the garrison the senior would be
entitled to command the post, but no
good reason seems to exist why an
artillery station or camp Ehould not be
established near the mortar battery,
two miles distant from the Presidio
Barracks.
Much time is lost every day in taking
the troops from the barracks at the
Presidio out to the heavy fortifica
tions. The troops are brought in for
th<> noon meal and taken out again for
the afternoon' 3 work. Sooner or later
there must be a force of artillery with
in immediate reach of the guns ap
pointed to defend the harbor. It is ad
mitted by all the military authorities
that this will be done when another
regiment of artillery is ordered to this
city. Four batteries of the Third Ar
tillery could now be made very com
fortable in tents near the mortar bat
teries and 12-inch guns.
The proposed review and sham bat
tle at the Presidio to-morrow ought to
assemble a multitude of spectators.
The evolutions will take place on the
parade plain within the immediate
view of the spectators. There will be no
attempt to solve a problem In tactics
by deploying troops on the hills of the
reservation. This might be interest
ing from a purely military point of
view, but would not afford much pleas
ure to the visitors from the city.
GRAY AGAIN IN TROUBLE.
The Youth flcquitted of Robbery
Wanted for Petty Larceny.
Bert C Gray, the youth who was ar
quitted a few days ago on the charge of
robbing and nearly murdering the old
man Isidor Goulet. is again In trouble.
Yesterday P. J. Sullivan, a furniture
dealer at 1504 Flllmore street, swore to a
complaint In Judge Joachlmsen's court
for the arrest of Gray on the charge of
potty larceny. Sullivan states that on
September 16 Gray called ut his store
and represented that he had some fur
niture to sell, as he was going to a rain-h
at Napa. Sullivan went to the house
with him and bought three pieces of fur
niture for ISO. A few days later Gray's
stepfather. W. H. Miller, called upon
Sullivan and claimed the furniture. Mil
ler subsequently recovered the furniture
on a search warrant.
fln Insolvent Merchant.
Jacob Fogel, a merchant, has been de
clared insolvent by Judge Belcher. The
merchants liabilities amount to $12,177 LM
ami liia assets $4600.
NEW TO-DAY.
y^ra^gSf "^jip^' sas necessar y as a pickaxe.
M «L^ iW^K^^ m i ner should be without
y^^^y^ifjfl one. Unaffected by extreme cold or heat.
JjT^^^^^H Send name and address on a postal card
P-rtrJ^B^H^H^K^Hfl^B^s^^H tc l *** *
«i( y/BI Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
'%sl- iA « 4l * Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
•+S+#+«+o+©+o+«+e+©+«+«+
I PACIFIC COAST
$ JOCKEY CLUB
• (INGLESIDE TRACK:).
© Six Running Races Daily, Rain op Shine.
•
+ . . PROGRAMME FOR JUBILEE WEEK . .
v
+ THURSDAY— Three Races of a Mile or Over, Including a Mile and a Quarter Handicap.
FRlDAY— Special, 1 Mile and Race for Two-Year-Oldi.
SATURDAY— Stakes, mile and a half ; Special for Three-
Year -Olds, 1 Mile, and Mile and a Half Hurdle Rao*.
. • • FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M. . . .
Southern Pacific Railroad Trains at 12:45 and 1:15 P.M. leave Third-Street Station, stopping at
Valencia street. Returning immediately after the last race.
Electric Car Lines — Kearny and Mission Street Cars every three minutes, direct to track without change.
All cross-town lines connect The track is reached by all routes in from 30 to 40 minute*.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. S. N. ANDRQUS, President.
ofta/&7/rmc!ffi&z£rz
IEItDLAMtB 60TT10B a C? uisus j«<m«
IT HAS CAUGHT THE TOWN!
■Mr. E. Rice's Superb Spectacle.
™ GIRL FROM PARIS ;
"IT IS TO LAUGH." ,
A magnificent presenting company of fifty. t
Beautiful Chorus. Elegant Costumes.
Every Evening, Including Sunday. i }
s ■ — - (
CALIFORNIA THEATER. (
Bush St., Above Kearny; Tel. Main 1731.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Rich & Harris' Splendid Company. Headed by
Marie Dressier and John C Rice, in
John J. McNally's Latest, }
COURTED INTO COURT. l
NEXT MONDAY— Theater closes for one week. i
Coming— Black Pattl'B Troubadours.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS! LAST NIGHTS', i
Of the Romantic Irish Comic Opera,
"BRIAN BORU." .
GREAT CAST. |
Enlarged Chorus — Augmented Orchestra.
NEXT WEEK— Merry Fantasle,
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN."
Dance— Humor.
Popular prices 25c and We ;
SAN FRANCISCO
SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL Musical Director.
(Fifth Concert.)- TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE. '.
THIS AFTERNOON. January 27, '
' At 3"15 o'clock. PROGRAMME— Overture. "Im
Fruhllng" ("In Spring Time"). Goldmark ; i
symphony. "From the New World." Dvorak:
Hebrew Melody, arranged by Robert Franz;
Coppella (Ballet), Leo Delibes: Espoma Rhap-
sody, E. Chabler. PRICES (including reserved
seat), $1 50, $1 and lie. Seats on sale at Tlvoli.
ALCAZAR -sriSt-
LAST NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Fun-Making Farce,
"ARABIAN NIGHTS!"
TWO HOURS OF LAUGHTER.
Prices, 16c, 25c, 35c, 50c. ; •"•; ■■<
NEXT MONDAY— Henry Guy Carleton's
melodrama, "VICTOR DURAND."
Seats Now on Sale. • : V.", ■
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Grand and Elaborate Production of Frank .
Harvey's Sensational Melodrama,
, •' BROTHER FOR BROTHER."
Sensational Fire Scene. Iron Foundry in Full
Operation.
New Scenery, Comedy, Pathos, a Thrilling Plot.
A Great Play by a Great Author.
Evening Prices. 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday. •;■- s . •
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company,
WEDNESDAY EVE. January 26, "EZRA. THE
WANDERING JEW." Saturday and Sunday
i Nights, January 29 and 20, "FALL OF
JERUSALEM." Box office open daily from 10
a. m. to 6:80 p. m.
Freedom and sunshine are not more welcome to one who has
been languishing in prison than the relief and comfort given by
RIPANS TABULES
Every symptom of headaches, backaches, biliousness, dizziness,
constipation and other derangements leaves at once when Ripans
'i'abules come to the rescue. These 1 abules reach the root of
■uch disorders. The stomach is toned and strengthened, the
liver receives a gentle stimulus, the bowels are regulated -thus
aiding regularity in all the functions. The whole physical being
is renovated and re-inforced by the capacity to expel waste and
receive nourishment. All people of sedentary or confining
©ccupations— men or women — will ensure better digestion, clearer
minds, and increased power of application and enjoyment by the
use of Kipans I'abules.
AL WILSON, German comedian: CRIM-
.IIN> & GORE, comedy duo: CARLETTA, ar-
ist elastic; DOLLINE ":OLE. America's bary-
one; THE BIOORAPH, new life scenes: CAR-
rER DE HAVEN, boy comedian: rice &
ELMER, horizontal bar artists: PROFESSOR
3ALLANDO. lightning clay modeler.
Reserved peats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Thalrs and Box seats, 50c.
List Week of the Kn&ben Kapelle — New Selections
NEXT WEEK— THE GREAT GAUTIER.
HIMNG FAIR
AND
KLONDIKE EXPOSITION !
OPENS
SA TURD A V EVEN I NO,
JAN. 29, 7.-3O O'CLOCK, AT
MECHANICS PAVILION,
Continuing Five Weeks.
Special Opening Ceremonies — Machinery
Started by President McKlnley from Washing-
ton. Grand. Beautiful Pageant.
Music by Director Rogers and Bennett's Band
Of Thirty- Five Musicians.
Everything in Perfect Working Order.
See the North Bloomfleld Mine. The Under-
ground Mine and Tunnel. Free Moving Pic-
tures! Alaska Views'. Two Hundred Exhibits!
Admission 25 Cents. Children 15 Cents.
Tickets on Sale Saturday All Day.
CHIQUITA
THE " CONDENSED CUBAN PATRIOT,
As Called by The Call,
Is the Smallest Woman on Earth!
She Receives EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING at the CHUTES, Rain or Shin».
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; Children, sc.
OLYMPIA Corner of Mt»on and
Eddy Streets.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
KIRCHNER'S LADIES' ORCHESTRA!
And a Great Olio of Artists. ADMISSION
FREE. House Thoroughly Heated.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK.
Howard st., between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC.
Open daily from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m. 2 to 4:30
p. m.: 7 to 10 p. m. General Admission. 10c;
dents' Skates. ir,c- Ladles' Skates. Free.
* NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
OQQ MARKET ST., OPP. PALACE
UOCJ Hotel. Telephone E7O. Residence tti
Valencia street. Telephone. "Church" li.
78
ALL the programme for yester
day's Jubilee entertainment was
contributed by the soldiers. All
the athletes of the National Guard
companies of San Francisco and
of the United States troops stationed at
the forts around the bay contributed
their share, and their efforts made a
chining feature of the amusements of
the week's festivities. The sports were
almost all of a military character, and
each event was greeted with ringing
applause. The crowd was not as great
as was expected. It was almost too
cold to sit aJI the afterno-on in the
grandstand with comfort to Califor
nians, and that possibly accounted for
the comparatively small attendance. It
was estimated there were about one
thousand persons present, and what
thej r lacked in numbers they made up
in enthusiasm, and the competitors In
nearly all the events had about an
Soldiers Show Their Agility.
equal division of admirers to spur them
on.
Lieutenant Leon S. Roudiez, quarter
master First Infantry, was the man
ager of the entertainment and he was
assisted by Lieutenant D. E. Nolan.
The referee for the military and nov
elty events was Lieutenant J. ML Neall
of the Fourth Cavalry, and the Judges
were Lieutenant Charles T. Menoher
and Lieutenant John P. Halnes of the
Third Artillery and Lieutenant W. M.
Crofton of the First Infantry. The
starter was Lieutenant T. G. Carson
at the Fourth Cavalry and the clerk of
the course was Lieutenant James N.
Pickering of the First Infantry.
The first event on the programme was
a hundred-yard dash. There were twen
ty-two entries and it was run in three
heats.
There were six contestants in the
final dash. They got off well at the
crack of the pistol and the race was a
close and pretty one. Private Stram
of Company H, First Infantry, was the
winner, with Sergeant O'Marie of Com
pany C only a few inches behind him.
The time was 11 seconds.
Three soldiers of the First infantry
worked hard for five minutes digging:
a hole in the hard sand with their bay
onets and the tin plates they carry in
their haversack?. It was a competition
in hasty entrenching. The contestants
were Private Waldmann of Company
G, Sergeant Lang of Company D and
Private Anderson of Company EL Pri
vate Anderson was declared the winner,
he having dug the deepest hole and put
up the largest embankment of earth
before htm to stop the bullets of an
enemy. Private Waldmann was given
the second prize. He was somewhat
handicapped. He struck a large iron
water pipe a few inches under the sur
face of the spot where he commenced
to dig.
The wall-scaling event was a walk
over for the regulars. Two teams of six
men each, one from Company L, N. IJ.
C, and one from Company D, First In
fantry, entered for the contest. A
smooth wall ten feet high was con
structed, and the soldiers were to get
over it with all their military accouter
ments. Each man was to fire a shot
from his rifle from the top of the wall
and five more after he had reached the
ground on the opposite side. The regu
lars boosted each other over the wall
in quick time, and their whole team
was lined up on the other side waiting
for Inspection by the Judges long be
fore the last man of the National Guard
team had reached the top of the fence.
The gun detachment contest was the
most novel feature of the entertain
ment. Two teams from Light Battery
F. Third Artillery, were in the race.
Two guns, with their limbers, were
wheeled Into line, and at the word they
were loaded and fired, then the gun
carriages were taken apart and put to
gether again, and loaded and fired a
second time. The team commanded by
Sergeant Rathbun was declared the
winner. One minute and twenty-eight
seconds was the time occupied by the
winning team. • The other team was
about a second behind them.
The high jump was won by Private
Honney of Company C, N. G. C, with
Private Hoffman of Company B second,
and Corporal Belden of Company C
third.
There were fourteen entries In the
220-yard run. It was won by Private
Fernandez of Troop X, Fourth Cavalry,
with Private Saunders of Company C,
N. G. C, a close second.
The shoe race was a novel and Inter
esting feature. There were fourteen
entries. The contestants took off their
shoes and mixed them up in a heap.
Then they raced fifty yards to them,
and the man who first picked out his
shoes and put them on and returned
to the starting point was the winner.
The contestants threw each other's
shoes all over the field, and it was a
lively race after them. Trumpeter
Merry of Troop I, Fourth Cavalry, was
the winner, with Corporal Curley of
Troop X second, and Private Taylor of
Troop X third.
The tent-pitching contest was won by
a team from Company C, First Infan
try. The team from Troop X, Fourth
Cavalry, was second, and the team of
Company D was third.
The equipment race, in which the sol
diers scattered their accouterments in
running 100 yards and gathered them
up and put them on on their way back,
was an interesting feature. It was run
in two heats. One for the United States
troops and one for the men of the Na
tional Guard, as their equipment differs
in some respects. In the race of the
regular soldiers. Private Nandell of
Company G, First Infantry, was first;
Sergeant O'Marie of Company C. sec
ond, and Private De Haven of Company
C, third. In the National Guards, Pri
vate Valento of Company H was first,
and Private Sands of the same com
pany second.
Tn the mounted gymnastics. Corporal
Healy of Troop B took first place, with
Corporal Steerstedler second. The con
testants raced their horses the full
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1898.
length of the field, and dismounting,
took the saddles from their mounts and
rode backward on their horses to the
starting point.
The retiring sharpshooters' contest
ARTILLERYMEN SHOW THEIR SPEED IN HANDLING THEIR FIELD GUNS.
was an Interesting one. The breech
mechanism of the guns of the contest
ants was taken from each gun and its
parts were placed fifty yards a%vay.
The men raced that distance, and put
ting their guns together fired a round
each ten yards in retiring to the start-
GRAND
MILITARY TOURNAMENT
Yesterdays
JUBILEE
Feature
Ing point, lying flat on the ground as
each shot was fired. It was won by
Private Anderson of Company E, First
Infantry-, with Private Keilty of Troop
X second, and Private Brawn of Com
pany C third.
The broadsword melee worked the
TROOPERS IN MOUNTED GYMNASTICS.
excitement of the spectators up to a
high pitch. There were two teams of
four men each from Troops I and X,
and they came toward each other with
a rush on their horses. There were
some very pretty cuts and parriee, even
though the melee was a bad one. The
team from Troop I, composed of Pri
vates Prinz, Harrison, Moore and Glen
ny, won. _
The rescue race was another exciting:
feature. Three of the troopers, sup
posed to be hard presspd by an enemy,
behind the bodies of their "dead horses
were rescued by their comrade?, who
rode down to them from the opposite
end of the field and carried them back
on their horses behind them. Private
McGrath of Troop I. who rescued Pri
vate Comeld, were declared the win
ner, with Corporal Healy of Company
B, who rescued Private Ellman, sec
ond.
The relay race of teams of twenty
men each from companies G and D.
First Infantry, was won by the team
of Company D.
There were twenty-three entries in
the potato race. It was won by Pri
vate Keilty of Troop X, with Sergeant
O'Marie of Company C second.
The tug of war between teams of
Troop X, Fourth Cavalry. Light Bat
tery F and Light Battery G. Third Ar
tillery, and Company B. First Infantry,
was won by the team of Troop K.
WILD WEST SHOW.
An Exciting Programme of
Rough Riding Promised
for To- Day.
The "vVild Wast show and Fiesta de
Vaqueros which for the past few weeks
has been absorbing: the curiosity of the
adults and the children of San Fran
cisco will open this afternoon at Cen
tral Park. The management having
spent much time and pains in securing
the services of a large number of In
dians, vaqueros and cowboys, is con-
fldent of presenting to the public an
entertainment far different from and
far superior to an ordinary wild west
show.
The following are a few of the com
petitors In the events entered from the
larpe ranpes of California. Colorado
and Arizona: Ipnacio Larios, IfexV ;in
vaquero; William Ford, cowboy; John
Parker, alias "Wild Jack"; James
Roche, Frank M. Kojas and George G.
Staukand, from the ranges of Miller &
Lux; Charles M. Wilson. William
Smith and Fred Holmes.
The prizes offered for the cowboy and
vaquero events are entirely in keep-
Ing with the character of the competi
tors. Mexican saddles, rifles, silver
mounted spurs,' gold watches, riatas.
pistols and other things generally used
by the men of the plains and moun
tains will be eagerly striven for. All
of these souvenirs of the Golden Jubi
lee will be accompanied by a unique
diploma, one that will be treasured by
the possessor.
This afternoon's performance, which
will begin at 2:30 o'clock, is as follows:
1. Grand entree. 2. Hasty dismount
ing, ■ resaddllng . and remounting, for
prizes. 3. Cowboys 'and vaqueros in camp.
4. Holding up a stage coach and hanging
the robber; 'rescued by his sweetheart.
5. Corral lassoing a-foot; demonstrating
method of catching horses a-fleld, for
prizes, 6. Trick and fancy riding; pick-
Ing up objects on the run, etc. 7. Lasso-
Ing and tying wild steers: Texas rules to
Govern: giving steers fifty yards start
with cowboys— riatta down: for prizes. 8.
Race of horse against Indian. 9. Tho
prairie schooner attacked by Indians and
repulsed by miners and cowboys; demon
strating the trials and dangers of early
day emigrants across the plains. 10.
Mounted race between : Indians, Mexican
vaqueros and cowboys; for prizes. •1L
Genuine Spanish fandango dance, ■ Senor
ita de Morales. 12. Expert horse-break
ing, lassoing, harnessing and driving to a
cart a wild and vicious bronco. 13. Rid
ing a wild bull, by Al Nlckerson.
14. Pony express: early day method of
carrying the mails. 15. Lassoing, saddling
Rnd riding wild horses; the broncos In
use have never been saddled or ridden
before.
THE TURNERS' FEST.
An Athletic Tournament for
To-Night's Entertain
ment.
It Is expected that nearly 500 men will
compete In the various events at the
preat Turners' entertainment to be held
at Woodward's Pavilion at S o'clock to
night. The programme will be as fol
lows:
Grand entree of all the performers;
address. Dr. Max Magnus; fancy march
and dumbbell drill, members of tr j San
Francisco Turn Verein; parallel bar
exercises, members of the Mission Turn
Verein; fancy bouts with foils, Stef-
fens and Bertheau, FJntracht Turn Sec
tion; with ranier, Mueller and Rosen
berg, San Francisco Turn Verein; with
bayonet, Ketzel) and Hoffman, Duetsch
er Krieper Verein; horizontal bar,
mixed class; wrestling contest, heavy
weights, G. Hildebrand, San Francisco
Turn Verein, and J. Will, Oakland Turn
Verein; middleweights, H. Haustein
and P. Flatop, Eintracht Turners. San
Francisco; vaulting on the horse, mixed
class; running high Jump mixed'class;
pyramid*, members of Eintracht Turn
Section; gymnastic exhibition under
the direction of Professor Barth of San
Francisco Turn Verein, H. C. F. Stahl
of Elntracht Turn Section, T. S. Fuhr
berg of Mission Turn Verein and Pro
fessor Uth of Oakland Turn Verein.
Musical director, Professor L.. Yon der
Mehden. Dancing will commence at 11
o'clock.
MUSIC AND FLOWERS.
A Three- Day Floral Festival
Opens To-Day at Union
Square.
The Miners' Band, from Calaveras
County, with its brilliant uniform, is
proving itself extremely useful to the
Jubilee parade committee by its at
tendance and music at various Jubilee
functions. To-day the members of the
band will spend the entire day at the
flower market at Union Square, un
der the management of the California
Club. The music and the bright uni
forms of the men will, when combined
with the delicate yet gorgeous display
of California flowers, form a most
pleasing sight. The band has also
tendered its services for children's day
at the park and will render selections
throughout the entire day.
FUN FOR THE CHILDREN.
Saturday Will Be Devoted to
Entertaining the Little
Ones.
So well have the subscriptions of late
been coming in to swell the Jubilee
fund that the parade committee has
been enabled to appropriate an addi
tional JSOO to the fund for insuring the
success of Children's Day— January 29 —
at Golden Gate Park, making a total
fund of $1000.
At 10 o'clock on Saturday morning a
competitive drill and a series of calis
thenic exercises, open to the children
of the public, private and parochial
schools of San Francisco, will take
place at the park. To the school ex
celling in the competition, a handsome
silken banner will be awarded by the
parade committee. These exercises will
be under the supervision of George S.
Mlehling of the Olympic Club and H. C.
F. Stahl. The companies of school chil
dren, either boys or girls, intending to
compete in drilling at Golden Gate
Park on Children's Day will consist of
fifty-six each, one captain, two lieuten
ants, five sergeants and forty-eight in
rank.
A number of wagons and a quantity
of straw has been secured by the com
mittee in order that the children may
enjoy straw rides from dawn until
dark. Refreshments, consisting of
candy, fruits, milk, popcorn, sand
wiches, etc., will be served to them,
and the Board of Park Commissioners
has arranged that the use of the don
keys, goats and merry-go-rounds shall
be free to the little people throughout
the day.
The historical floats in the parade
will be on exhibition in suitable placfs
in the park during Children's Day, and
concerts will be rendered by a band.
PREPARING FOR THE FAIR
An Old Mission Dolores Bell
Will Announce the Open
ing of the Exhibit.
One of the bells from old Mission
Dolores will sound the announcement
of the opening of the Mining Fair. Af
ter reposing for 120 years in the turret
of the old church It is to be taken
down and brought to the Mechanics'
Pavilion, where, in conjunction with
other celebrated bells, it will be sound
ed by President McKinley, who will
touch an electric button at the White
House, starting the chimes ringing.
The interior of the Pavilion is being
filled with a number of scenic views of
the Klondike, taken from photographs
secured during the last year. These,
painted in vivid colors, in which an
icy white is predominant, are sufficient
in themselves to make those who see
them prefer to remain in California,
where the sun shines every day in the
year.
Some of the counties were very tardy
in preparing their exhibits, and in
consequence hundreds of men are be
ing rushed day and night in order to
get them in proper position for the dis
play, but everything, it is expected,
will be fully in readiness for the open
ing night, as an elegant banner, or
trophy, is to be awarded to the county
having the most complete display.
A suggestion has been made that in
stead of the parade, with which it was
intended to signify the close of the Jub
ilee and the opening of the Mining
Fair, masqueraders be allowed to roam
tbe streets.
McKinley Will Press the Button.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 26— The ar
rangements for the touching of the
electric button by President McKinley
on Saturday night, opening the "Golden
Jubilee Fair" in San Francisco, were
completed to-day. A mistake regarding
the time was made by the delegation
on midway, but it was corrected by
Senator Perkins, who was notified, as
were all the California delegates to-day
that the President would open the ex
position at 11 o'clock on Saturday night
which is 8 o'clock. San Francisco tiire'
The California delegation will be pres
ent at the ceremony in Washington at
the President's invitation.
Fireworks for Saturday Night.
The board of managers of the Mining
Fair met last night and decided to
make an attempt to interest the Jubilee
committee in making a grand display
at the opening ceremonies of the fair.
It was thought that the Jubilee com
mittee might make an appropriation
from its funds or assist In raising fur.d§
to give a pyrotechnic display on Satur
day night from the dome' of the City
Hall.
It was decided to send oat circulars
to those manufacturers who control a
steam whistle or bell asking them to
sound them on Saturday night at 8
o'clock to announce the opening of the
fair.
Will Recover r|ls Child.
Nearly a year ago Mrs. J. W. Belsey.
wife of a marine fireman in the navy,
ran away from her home in Oakland in
company with an old soldier named J. P.
Richmond. She took away with her her
little daughter, aged four years. "When
the husband returned from a long cruise
he made every effort to find the runaway
A Wai I -Sea! ing Test.
In the hope of recovering the child. It
seems that the three led a sort of gypsy
life, the old soldier begging from mem
bers of the Grand Army whom he would
meet in their travels. Through the ef
forts of the local Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children the three
were located in a little town In Illinois
The Humane Society of that State wlli
assist the father to recover his child.
From what can be learned Mrs. Belsey
was obliged to appeal to the Illinois au
thorities to save the child from the bru
talities of Richmond.
Race Horses Mortgaged.
W. H. Stanfleld, owner of the well
known race horses Ca stake and George
Millar, mortgaged his fliers yesterday to
F. 11. Smithson. the consideration in the
recorded deed being $400.BRADBURY AS
A SHOWMAN
The Rich Man Thriftily
Garners Two-Bit
Coins.
Charged a Price for_ the Use
of His Windows Last
Monday.
Nearly Got a Beating, and Mourns
That Paying Patrons Were
so Scares.
W. H. Bradbury Is not content with
the fame that has crowned him. He
wants more. He thinks his halo needs
additional polish. He vindicated the
right of a citizen to spit on a car, floor,
and paid $5 for It. It was he who kick
ed a piano-tuner down stairs, paying
for thi? privilege also, and from time
to time he has been engaged in contro
versy tending to win renown, and es
tablish beyond cavil his love of liberty,
of the nickel and the two-bit piece and
to demonstrate that the humble copper
was not beneath his notice. His latest
essay has been in the show business,
and was not wholly successful, Brad
bury having neglected to secure a man
ager. The result is that, now that the
show is over, and advertising can do
-■ him no good, he is getting it. This story
is an incident of Monday when the
town turned out to see the parade.
Window seats commanding a good
view were in lively demand, as a mat
ter of course, all along the line of
march. People who lived on the streets
through which the gorgeous pageant
wended were visited by friends who,
perhaps, had not called on them for
many a day. In very many cases, too,
even strangers were received into the
favored houses which provided an op
portunity for viewing the sight, and
California!! hospitality, as usual,
showed itself worthy of its world-wide
reputation.
W. 1?. Bradbury resides In a stately
dwelling at the corner of California
street and Van Ness avenue, and was
among those who "received." Hospi
tality was not his motive. His recep
tion was held in a vacant double house
on Van Ness avenue, corner of Bush
street. It was no exclusive affair. No
invitations were issued for the event,
but any one was welcome to view the
grand spectacle of the day as the guest j
of the big millionaire; anybody will- j
ing to put up two bits for the privilege j
of peeping through the windows.
As the time drew near for the rising '
of the curtain on the great spectacular !
extravaganza the manager of the en- i
terprise "took a peep at the house," as !
is the wont of such thrifty managers, j
and — paradoxical as it may seem — he I
discovered that standing room outside
was at a premium, with very little !
money inside. Only a baker's dozen
of people had paid the established fee
for a seat behind the Bradbury win- j
dows, while the front steps were crowd- |
ed with men, women and chjld^n.
Showman Bradbury swooped down
upon the throng on his steps and read j
the riot act. The people must enter
the house — after going through the for
mality of paying two bits for the privi
lege — or they must leave the premises.
The aforesaid people — or at least some
of them — declined to adopt either al
lernative. and some vigorous dialogue
■risued. One lady who was burdened
-ith a baby in arms refused to sub
* nit to the proposed levy for the bene
fit of the Bradbury exchequer, and
was told by the showman that if she
did not get off the steps he would put
her off. She dared him to do it, and he
placed his hands upon her shoulders
and pushed her down a couple of steps,
when an indignant male observer of
the episode interfered and announced
his willingness to knock daylight injo
the Bradbury skull. In earnest of his
good faith he grabbed the capitalistic
collar and yanked the capitalist back
ward and forward through space a
good many consecutive times in a very
few moments.
A policeman arrived on the scene
about this time, and to him Mr. Brad
bury appealed for protection against
"the mob," which he ordered the guar
dian of the peace to disperse instanter.
The officer took in the situation at a
glance, ruminated for a fraction of a !
second on the nature of the occasion, j
and judicially decided that '"the mob"
was doing no harm at the threshold of
Dives, so he declined to interfere, and
the big rich man went inside again to
mourn over the paucity of two-bit
pieces.
Mr. Bradbury was Been at his nala- j
tial residence last night and asked re- j
pardlng this incident. He declared that !
his purpose In clearing his steps was
the fear that they would collapse under
the unusual weight upon them, they j
being, as he asserted, weakened by
lung decay.
"I was afraid of some one getting
hurt." he said. "I didn't want any one i
to suffer on my premises — and sue mo. j
for damages. I had a right to charge
People for the use of my house during
the parade. Lots of people did the same
thing, didn't they?"
"Oh. yes; many of them made money !
that way."
"Did they? Well. I didn't— l hardly ;
■^ uule a good day's wages for a labor- i
Sng man!"
An injured look and a troubled sigh
Indicated that the interview was at an i
end. ■
ST. PATRICK'S ALLIANCE
Annual Cor)ver)tion and Installa
tion Banquet of Tljat
Organization.
The State convention of St. Patrick's
Alliance of America mot In Knights of
the Red Branch Hal! last night, with
thirty-five delegates present. The follow
ing officers were elected: State presi
dent. William Mulvln; vice-president, \V.
V. Harrington; secretary, John Oady:
treasurer, T. McKeon; trustees — T. J. :
Desmond, \V. T. Coleman, P. D. Mul- i
laney, W. H. Donovan. W. J. Hayes; ser- j
geant-at-arms, F. A. O'Brien.
A committee, consisting of W. V. Har- '
rington and Frank P. Hunt, was appoint
ed to prepare engrossed resolutions to the
memory of the late State treasurer.
Charles H. O'Brien. A vote of thanks
was tendered to Rev. P. C. Yorke for nis
noble work in the Irish cause. The next
State council will be held in Oakland.
After the adjournment of the conven
tion the delegates and invited guests sat
down to an elaborate banquet given to
them by two alliances of this city—Har
mony No. 15 and Unity No. 14. Thomas
DooUn was the toastmaster, and t<.;ists
were responded to by Messrs. Mulvin.
Charles Flanagan. Gady and Brophy.
I»uring lli<- r<i'a*t the guests were enter
taJned with songs by Messrs. Scott, Cor-»
rlgan and R<illy. and a recitation i>y J.
A. Haws. The retiring president, O. F.
Rooney, was presented with a beautiful
diamond locket, suitably inscribed, and
he made a feeling response to the tribute.
CrocKer's Property Attoched
f Xaihan Crocker's property on the Cor
bet! load was attached yesterday by a
well-known collecting agency on claims
aggregating jnoo. The suits brought are
on promissory notes for that amount.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, xrlth
cr without removal. J.Noonan.lol7-1023 Mission.
A FORGOTTEN NEWSPAPER.
Alex Badlam's First Attempt at Journalism, the "Weekly Prospector,"
of Quincy, Amador County.
Among his many other occupations, Alex Badlam was once a newspaper man, and his death, recalling mem
ories of his early life among the miners, has brought to light his first effort— a copy of the Prospector, dated May
26, 1555. number 10 of volume I. It was not a very imposing sheet, but it served its purpose for nearly a year.
The issue of the Prospector for May 26, 1855. is owned by James B. Stevens. Assistant United States Ap
praiser, and he says he would not part with it for anything. He was a BUDscrlber from the time Badlam printed
the first number until it closed publication. Badlam was then running a "miner's supplies" store in Quinc* a
little town about five miles northeast of where the town of lone now stands. Quincy is nothing but a memory
now, but when the weekly issue of the Prospector went to press it was a flourishing place. The paper was printed
at No. 5 Broadway, which was what the townspeople called the county road within the town limits. Badlam had
a partner by the name of Clark, but he had not much to do with the paper. Badlam •rrote it. set the type and printed
it on a wooden press he had built himself. Its price was 12^ cents a copy, and its subscription list included nearly
every one in the district. When Badlam moved away from Quincy the paper died, for no one around that part of
the country would try his hand at journalism.
The paper was accidentally found by Mr. Stevens in one of his old school books about twenty years ago. He
remembered the paper, but thought he had lost all the numbers. He was looking over his old bonks one day to
revive his memories of school, and between the leaves lay the Prospector of May 26, 1855. He has kept is care
fully ever since, and its pages would form Interesting reading for the old pioneers of Amador County.
THEY OBSERVED
ST. SAVAS` DAY
Local Servians Celebrate
Their National
Holiday.
Religious Services at the Slavo
nian Church and a Banquet
in the Evening.
I_adl«s and Gentlemen Make Merry
Honor of Their Country's
Patron Saint.
The celebration of Pt. Savas 1 day, the
Servian national holiday, in commem
oration of their patron saint, was
brought to a fitting conclusion by a
| banquet given by the Servian-Montene
j grin Literary and Benevolent Society
lat Lodge Hall, on Polk street, last
evening. Covers were laid for 175
guests, every seat being occupied by
I the members and their ladies when at
8:30 o'clock Rev. Father Sebastian Dab
ovich, a native of San Francisco, who
i was seated at the right of the presi
i dent, arose to perform the beautiful
ceremony of blessing the bread.
Addressing the assemblage in the
Slavonic language, the priest first gave
a brief outline of the life and work of
j St. Savas, after which he pronounced
blessing upon the bread and wine be
fore him. Then, as he passed it to the
older persons to partake of, he accom
| panied the offering with this benedic
tion: "As ye drink of this wine and eat
of this bread, the full of the earth, so
I would bless you and have you live in
the true faith, In virtue, charity and
unity."
At the conclusion of this ceremony a
vigorous attack was made on the deli
cacies with which the three long tables
were heaped. The banquet hall had
j been artistically decorated for the oc
: casion, while rarely has a company
been invited to a more tempting repast.
President CJlavinovich presided, and
when the assemblage had done full jus
; tice to the edibles, delivered a brief ad
j dress. This was followed by. a pro
gramme of exercises in entire harmony
with the occasion, and the national and
historical events of the people.
St. Savas was born in the twelfth
I century. He was the youngest son of
Stefan Nemanja, who united the Ser
vians in their first kingdom. Leaving
his home secretly, he secluded himself,
;at the age of 17 years, in the holy
I Mount Athos. Finally, on beinjf dis
covered, yielding to the tears of their
son, his parents allowed him to remain
there in prayer and study. It was after
the death of his father, when the wise
j Germanus, patriarch of Constantinople,
| heard of the holy life of this hermit,
' and on examining him as to his ability
*and consulting with the episcopate of
his patriarchate, announced that he de
sired to consecrate Savas archbishop
for the Servians. But Savas, in his hu
mility, declined the dignity and said
he was willing to go to his people as a
worker, but for an archbishop a better
and more qualified man should be
sought. However, being prevailed upon
by his brothers, the people and the pa
The fao-simile >^r y/fy, '"on ■ ever wrapper
signature of W^jffleUc&X of CASTORIA.
THE SAX FR AX CISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1898.
triarch, Savas consented, and he be
came the first archbishop of the Ser
vian Autocephalo* Orthodox Church,
which ever since has been in full com
munion with the Eastern Apostolic
Church.
St. Savas' greatest work was the
opening of schools, which multiplied
throughout tho country. Re educated
a new choir of faithful clergy in place
of the few (Jre.k missionaries left in
the country. It was in 1222 when the
apostle of the Servians crowned his
brother Dushan Emperor of the Slbs
and Slaveni, his dominion having
spread fiom the Adriatic to the Black
Sea and "rom the Danube to the South
ern Archipelago. The preat and good
Archbishop fixed a firm foundation for
the orthodox Christian church in the
Balkan country by creating twelve dio
ceses and consecrating fur them tw<-!ve
Servian Bishops. In praise of their
first teacher the Slavonians in San
Francisco sung their odes in their
music and language, or which the great
Sehaffarik in his Slavische Spracheund
Literatur says the following* "Servian
songs resemble the tune of the violin;
old Slavonian that of the organ^ Polish
that of a guitar. The old Slavonian in
its psalms is like the loud rush of the
mountain stream: the Polish like the
bubbling and sparkling of a fountain,
and the Servian like the quiet murmur
ing of a streamlet in the valley."
The Servian holiday began Tuesday
evening by a nocturnal service in their
church on Powell street. Yesterday
morning the divine liturgy of St. John
("hrysostom was offered by Father Se
bastian.
The officers of the society under
whose auspices the banquet was given
are as follows: President, J. Glavino
vich; vice-president. IC Tasovac; trea
surer. S. Jovovlch; recording secretary,
S. Vucosavlievich; financial secretary,
G. A. Dabovich. The society has 140 j
members and is in a flourishing con
dition.
Servians Give a Banquet.
There was a largely attended banquet
and tuitf itnlnmit. given by the Srpsko
Jtfiinstvo Society at Pythian Castle last
night.
Thf entertainment was in honor of the
■econd anniversary of the society, and
the following programme was presented:
Piano solo, fantasia, "Trovatore" (Ver
di), Mrs. R. Trkovioh; recitation. "Slov-
Inkinjasam Mala," by Miss Minnie Kle
ciak; bass solo from opera "La Sonnam
bn!a" (Bellini), S. Crnogorac; piano solo,
"Servian Potpourri," Miss Mabel Mltro
vich; s. 'lira tin solo, cavatina, "Barber of
Seville" (Rossini), Mrs. <;. Crnogorac;
tenor solo, from opera "("rcsplno c la Co
mare" (Rlrcl). A. V. Sptletak; Spanish
cachuca. Miss Olga de Curtoni; piano
solo. "II Boj," from opera "Zrini" (Zaic).
Miss Minnie Kleciak; duet, "La Danza."
(Panizza), Mr. and Mrs. Crnogorac.
THEATRICAL PROSPERITY.
Sardine Space Is the Order at the
Theaters Durir>g Jubilee
Week-
If this run on the playhouses continues
every manager In town will have new
diamond shirt studs by the end of the
week.
The Baldwin Is filled at every perform
ance of "The Girl From Paris": people
have been turned away every night.
Those who would not sit to Marie
Dressier last week In comfortable orches
tra chairs are now standing in line at the
California, thankful to get squeezing
space in the back rows.
- "Brian Boru" at the Tlvoll. "Brother
for Brother" at ! the Grand and the vau
deville show at the Orpheum are drawing
the capacity of their respective auditor
iums. The double bill at the Alcazar
shares in the general prosperity.
W. H. Pascoe, who has just finished a
season at Morosco's. has become a mem
ber of the stock company at the Alcazar
He will make his first appearance at that
theater next week in Henry Guy Carle
ton's melodrama. "Victor Durand."
A big audience is expected at the Tivoll
to-morrow afternoon when Scheel will
play a modern symphony programme.
Anton Schott begins the second series
of his classic sonjr recitals on Friday
evening at tl:e Young Mona Auditorium.
era! members of Del Oonte's Italian
Opera Company will Kive a concert at
the Metropolitan Temple to-morrow
night. Mazzl. Collenz Ctonl and Maalero
will sing in operatic s.-k-ctions and Signor
Martinez will be the piano accompanist
and soloist.
Cnlqufta, tho compressed Cuhan. Is at
tracting thousands to the Chutes and in
cidentally putting many nick-Is in the
way of Mr. Vlning's street cur system
NEW TO-DAY.
>OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO0OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC'OOOOO0=00OOOOOOOOOOOO«OOOOOOO
■ ' _ ... . • ■ >»
I HOW to be STRONG. I
J^ Wear Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, which is credited with 10,000 cures of weak men >$
*+ last year — 10,000 men who had drugged and doctored until their stomachs were almost +$
1+ ruined ; until they could pay no more drug bills. -f d
>: DO YOU WANT TO BE STRONG ? 3
>+ To feel the old vigor in your nerves, the old fire in your blood ? Do you want to feel *$
1+ bright, energetic, joyous ? Then let this wonderful vitalizer saturate your system . with t* 5
>♦ its life ; let it pour the electric warmth into your weakened body, and life will take on ♦§
a new brightness for you. It will be a pleasure to live and to know that again you are ♦$
*+ a well man. +$.
[+ See what this happy man has to say about it : *8
!"*" |_ o'. _ • Santa Cruz, Cal., Jan. 25, 1898. .+b
4 " . Dr. Sanden— Dear Sir: I was all broken down with a complication of ailments when I received your -♦-«
1+ Belt in June, lbSo. After wearing It a while I began to improve and was soon like a new man . altogether . I To
> . have seen the time I would not have taken $100 for it and been without it. I can do without it now though "t O
il.- I Bt A wear it occasionally, and feel a comfort and benefit by.so; doing. It is about as powerful 'now as • "*"d
< wh* new. I always ■ take ' pleasure in recommending it, as I consider it 30 much better than drugs Thank- +O
>+ ing you most sincerely for the great good you are doing for suffering humanity. I am yours truly * ' +«
*+  § W. E. FURRET, 20 Blame. St., Santa Cruz, Cal. Tc
it READ THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
IX • This book iis worth $100 to any man who is ailing. It tells how strength is ■>»
>+ returned by Dr. Sanden's Belt, gives prices and many testimonials. It is sent sealed "*"§
*♦ free, upon application. Call or address ' ■■"*"»
g S-A.3STIDEN- ELECTRIC CO., "SJMSSLSTEr- t§
* ~~tx™ *v-SSSif^r? < R a - mto 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. ' '« :• V • .• . .^. +&
\+ ° T "r^t , O £Sv C e ?fE2i?: SsiSar s^lrD^s. la Texai reSOn:2l>4SOUthßrOadWay> LL ° 3 A " Selea ' Cal " : m Sixteenth
!♦♦ "♦'""♦' *♦" -*-V-f >-f '-f > +-f-f>-f -f ++ ♦♦♦♦♦♦ + + 4- ♦♦♦♦»♦ ♦♦»♦ ♦ » ♦'♦ + -f!4.i..fi.'i.'l : 4+«
Supervisor Delany Buys a Kinetoscope for
the Morgue.
"Cappun" Delany, chairman of the Health and Police Committee of
the Board of Supervisors, has posed before the public In many striking
roles, but his best friends never heretofore accused him of being a humor
ist. Yet if ordering a kinetoscope for Coroner Hawkins to pursue his Inves
tigations at the Morgue is not in the humorous line, then his brother Su
pervisors are at sea. According to Supervisor Hasklns and others, that is
Just what Delany has done, sent a kinetoscope to the Morgue and had the
Coroner and all his assistants mystified for a week, wondering if this great
City Father expects the cadavers to pose before the instrument and go over
their actions at the time of shuffling off the mortal coil for the benefit of
the officials and science in general.
According to the persons who relate the tale with great gusto, never
have they failed to provoke mirth unto the tear limit. That is why Delany
stands crowned to-day as the most subtle humorist the town affords. The
way of it is this:
Some time ago Coroner Hawkins went to Delany and explained that
several instruments were badly needed in cases calling for an autopsy.
Among them was a microscope. The "Cappun" listened impatiently to the
official's plea, and grumbled a little bit over the expense, but finally decided
to order the instrument. In a few days they all arrived at the Morgue
with the exception of the microscope.
"Captain," said Hawkins one day, as he met Delany on the street,
"where is that microscope you promised to get me?"
"Oh, a microscope, is it?" was the reply. "Well, I'll attend to that
right away."
Delany was as good as his word In one way, at least. The same day he
walked into a leading optician's and ordered a kinetoscope sent down to the
Morgue. "Let it be of the choicest," he stated, in his usual emphatic man
ner.
The kinetoscope went to the Morgue all right Hawkins happened in
shortly after its arrival and was shown the instrument by the wondering
deputies. "Great Caesar's ghost!" he yelled, when he viewed the instru
ment, "what does he think we are going to do with that thing? Does he
think the dead are going to dance around in front of it and show off for
the benefit of science?"
The matter was kept a strict seoret and the kinetoscope sent back
where It had come from. Cut the rest of the Supervisors heard of It and
went to Delany about it. "Oh, a microscope it was they wanted, was it?"
said Delany, with a puzzled expression, meanwhile stroking his military
mustachios fiercely, "well, how do they expect me to know the difference
between a microscope and a kinetoscope? Them things is not in my line,
anyway."
ARE DIVIDED IN
THEIR VIEWS
Freeholders Cannot Agree on
the Matter of Fran
chises.
The Majority Are in Favor of Letting
Them Go to the Highest
Bidder.
The Board of Freeholders had the
matter of the powers to be vested In the
Supervisors under consideration again
last night and but little headway was
made. The members were unable to
agree as to the extent of the authority
to be granted to the Finance Committee.
P. H. McCarthy argued that the Leg
islative Committee should have made
provision for the examination by the
Finance Committee of the books and
accounts of private corporations doing
business with the city.
L. R. Ellert thought Puch a provision
unnecessary, but after a lengthy debate
the entire section was referred back to
the Legislative Department Committee,
on motion of Joseph O'Connor, with in
structions to Incorporate In it provisions
In accordance with McCarthy's sugges
tion.
The matter of fixing the terms on which
street railway franchises shall In future
be awarded provoked a lengthy discua
■fcoa. The sub-committee reported in fa
vor of awarding the franchises to the
highest bidders, on condition that not less
than 3 per centum of the gross receipts
of the road for the first five years. 4 per
centum for the next ten years and 5 per
centum for the last ten years be paid Into
the city treasury, such payments to be
BMkde each month.
Alfred Cridge opposed the percentage
plan, as he believed the companies would
not act fairly by the city, and, moreover,
would argue, in the event of fares being
reduced, that the city was being injured,
as the gross receipts would be correspond
ingly reduced. He believed that the Su
pervisors should not be allowed to grant
railroad franchises until after the people
had first been given an opportunity to
show at the polls whether they wanted
the new road.
L. R. Ellort. Joseph Britton and E. R.
Taylor opposed Cridge's plan. They said
that if the Supervisors did not look after
the interests of the city in the granting
of franchises their acts could be vetoed
by the Mayor.
Cridge's motion to have proposed fran
chises first submitted to the people was
lost by the following vote: Ayes — Ander
son, Butler, Cridge, McCarthy and O'Con
nor. Noes— Britton, Clement, Comte, El
lert, Gutte, Sachs, Taylor and Thompson.
McCarthy then offered as a substitute
for the original section, that all fran
chises for railroads furnishing power or
light be awarded to the highest bidder,
t h>- same percentage as originally pro
posed being deducted from the gross re
ceipts and paid Into the treasury.
Another debate followed, and it w»s
finally decided to refer the original sec
tion and McCarthy's substitute to the
legislative committee for consideration.
Sachs moved that the section adopted
Turs.iay evening, providing that railroad
franchises be for only twenty-rive years
and that the tracks and roadbed then re
vert to the city, be reconsidered. He said
that if the section remained It would put
an end to railroad building, to the great
injury of outlying districts.
The board refused to reconsider its ac
tion, by an almost unanimous vote.
A section was then adopted providing
that ex-Mayors of the city and county
shall be entitled to seat? and a voice in
the deliberations of the Supervisors, but
not to a vote. The section is taken from
the charter of Greater New York.
The Freeholders will meet again Friday
afternoon.
Mrs. Byrne's Creditors.
The various claimants for a share of
Mrs. Byrne's division of the estate of
Mrs. Florence Blythe Hinckley will ap
pear in Judge Seawell's court next Tues
day and make known and probably settle
their claims. It is hinted that a complete
understanding has been reached between
Mrs. Byrne and her numerous creditors,
and all the court may be called upon to
do next week will be to affirm any agree
ment that might have been reached be
tween them.
That which is adulterated must of
necessity be dangerous to the system.
is sealed by the United States Govern-
ment and guaranteed pure. It must
reach the consumer in this same pack-
age.
•-- ■» M< ■ '? btfNwifM '■ :
fof the Irrtemalßev^wa
ii w^llliir^ jmjjb f I j
Wot l^wfel&fl
||spf^lNGoflB9|: I
&jt>_ li I y*#ft nifi
ijil^DlSTlLLESriil |;
JgRANKFORX KENTOC^IJIIII
"A perfect distillation from grain."
J. P. BARNUM, M.D.,
Analytical Chemist, Louisville, Ky.
"Not to be improved upon in purity or
cleanliness of manufacture."
PROF. E. S. WAYNE,
Analytical Chemist, Cincinnati, 0.
"I commend it to the Public and to
the Medical profession in their practice."
R. OGDEN DOREMUS,
Prof, of Chemistry,
College of the City of New York.
SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD,
bx&m DR. HALL'S REIN VIGORATOR
»?J^*hsJB Five hundred reward fur any case
»*■ i**! »"e cannot cure. This secret remedy
1 I stops . all losses in 24 hours, cures
■■ ■■ Emissions, Impotency. Varicocele,
Wf? 7*ft Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
tAM li^Jlxist Manhood and. all wasting at-
9|^H_l^9| t'ects of self-abuseor excesses. Sent
HeZSEEESSS I sealed >'. bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar
antppdtocure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE.^Sr.S Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for Bale at 1073% Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
©{ It Publishes the Cream of th» v
News of the Week and
ctf MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
c^ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°{ IT IS THE BRST WEEKLY
©< PAPER ON THE
) PACIFIC COAST
o) \ ~~ /
3 The Best \ / Mining
} Telegraphic V/ ■ News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
©< The Coast / \& up to da
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
d or Faky, and Not a Line of
jjj it . Dry ,or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, A Champ on of
) Thoughtful. , ruth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
2 ; ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
J HOME MAIL, 51.5»
P< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
~~~r~~: .','." — —. : :
1v © ' vi»it DR. JORDAN'S ««••
-^M ' Museum of finatonty
I Sra\ 1061 1U2E£T ST. bet. C:h i 7th, S. P. C»L
m 8^ W The Largest •fin in tlie World.
I^^> * DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
r^f ft v Con'«ult»:loa free. Tl'rtt€ for Book ;■ .
vl I (^Philosophy of Marriage.
* O MllLtr FRTE
' >\^^fl|^^f«M> ■ Big ** is a non-poisonous
<''i^^^^^B remedy for Gonorrhcea
JW^^VCUKb^S Gleet, perm ato r i hcea,
jjjHHr ie l ioSd»T».TB Whltei, nnnatural dis-
■rßPn <tn»x»n^«l 5« rharges. or any ini'.anima-
«*■»■ cot to (iricturr. lion, irritation or ulccra-
L- T p " Tecu eopt»e.»B. tion of m neons niem-
fJS«THEEv*!(sCHEH!P«ino. cranes. Non-astringent.
I^^CINCIN.IATI.O JHR Sold b^ *>rnpsl.«*ts,
VBaJMk' U.S. x >?30f or Ben ' iQ Pl a wrapper,
..-.• "<«4jgv - V ■ Circular stnt oa reiiuert.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver weaker."
Wheat doing better. Barley and Oats firm.
Corn and Its products advanced.
Hay booming. Bran and Rolled Barle
higher.
Pink Beans still rising. . • ■
Sugar declined a fraction.
Evaporated Vegetables now quoted.
Butter firm and Eggs steady.
Two more cars of Eastern Poultry In.
Game about the same.
Orange auction opened. Limes very scarce.
Provisions active and firm.
Beef unsettled. Hogs firm.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top tig- I
tires at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and hundredth? during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure: isotherms, or clotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usuallyaccompanled
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weatbev and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear or. the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south alone the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain smith of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a '"hlirh" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Call- ;
fomla coast, warmer weather may he expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The [
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 26. 5 p. m.
The following: are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0 18.68 23.37
Red Bluff 0 6.60 12.25
Sacramento 0 5,36 7.41
San Francisco 0 5.19 11.18
Fresno 0 2.30 4.90
San Luis Oblspo 0 2.56 9.75
Los Angeles 0 3.75 8.44
San Diego 0 3.20 7.07
Tumi 0 1.10 4.76
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
F3; minimum. 40; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure continues over
Utah. Nevada, Wyoming and Southern Idaho.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours along the northern
boundary of the country, west of the Great
Lakes.
• The temperature has remained stationary
over the larger portion of the country west
of the Rocky Mountains. It is still below the
normal in the San Joaquin Valley and through
out Southern California, but is slightly above
the normal in the Sacramento Valley.
Rain is falling along the coast north of the
mouth of the Columbia River.
Heavy and killing- frosts were reported In
California this morning.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Tatooah. 32 miles per hour from the
south; Fort Canby, 36 southeast; Yuma, 30
north.
Forecasts made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnipht. Jnn. 27, 1898:
Northern < ahr^rnia— Fair Thursday, except
rain In the nftornoon and night in northwest
portion; northerly, changing to southeasterly
wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Thursday; prob
ably heavy frost In the morning; light north
erly winds.
Neva la — Fair Thursday; continued cold
weather.
Utah — Fair Thursday; continued cold
■weather.
Arizona— Cloudy Thursday; continued cold
•weather; probably heavy frost In the mnrning.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Thursday
•with increasing cloudiness in the afternoon
and night; northerly, changing to southeast
erly wind.
Bpecial report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
Bt 6 p. m.--<'ip ar ; wind north. 5 miles per
hour; temperature, 39; maximum. 42.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST OF WIND AND WKATHER IN
THE NORTH PACIFIC OCEAN FOR
FEBRUARY.
Branch Hydrographlc Office,
San Francisco. Cal., Jan. 25. IK9B.
The following forecast has Just been re
ceived from the Hydrofrraphic Office, Wash
ington. D. C. :
"Along Its south side. In that part of the
ocean east of the Hawaiian Islands, the trade
•winds may he expected to blow with I a de
cided northern slant, while to the westward
of them the trades may be expected generally
to be easterly or eastnortheasterly. During
February the belt of calms and variables be
tween the trades may be expected to be nar
row, so narrow in some places that a vessel
may pass from one trade wind Into another
without any perceptible break. North of the
thirty-fifth parallel frequent westerly gales,
accompanied by rain or snow, may be ex
pected.
"During this month occasional dangerous
gales may be expected on the American coast
north of the fortieth parallel. Occasional
squalls may be expected In the vicinity of the
Hawaiian Islands.
""Typhoons are usunlly Infrequent during
February. The northeast monsoon on the
ooasi of r-h.«r.a may be expected to continue
to blow steadily during the month.
"Occasional fo X will be found along the
American coast, though not sufflrient to war
rant Its probable limits being shown on the
ch art. w. S. KUOHBS,
Lieutenant U. 8. N."
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26. -If the strength in
yesterday'? stock market was to be attributed
to a natural recovery from the scare caused by
the Maine's departure for Havana there could
be do doubt or the underlying strength and
breadth of to-day's market for securities
The Maine incident has. In fact, been convert
ed Into an actual bull factor in the stock
market, the exchange of courtesies at Havana
promising more towards
■moothing relations between the two court
..in anything that has yet occurred The
■ nta 01 i days market were broad and
deep, and left no room to doubt that large in
terests were absorbing securities with great
confidence, and on a very heavy scale Heavy
purchases of 1000 share blocks were freouent
In leading stocks and all through the list and
there were a number of transactions In bonds
In which $100,000 par value changed hands In
one block. Almost every group of railway
properties In the market was represented In
the advance.
The gToup of New York corporations waa an
exception and showed signs of heaviness
London continued a large factor, though its
purchases were probably not as large in this
market as was the case yesterday.
The exchange reflected the further effect
of its development with a sharp drop of % in
the actual rate for demand sterling, bringing
it down to $4 S4W. This Is the point which has
started the two last Import movements of gold
and there was talk In the street to-day of gold
Imports. This would be the more remarkable
In view of the hardening tendency of money
rates abroad and the continued ease here. The
loca* money market showed no effect from to
day s surrender by New York banks of the
first 10 per rent of the installment of the Gov
ernment d.-t runt of the I'nion Pa
ale. This transaction resulted in prac
tically wiping out the Sub-Treasury's debit
balance at Use clearing nouse to-day, which
has been running recently from over half a
million to nearly a million dollars a day.
Dealings in beads was large and prices gen
erally Improved. Total sales. $5,670,000. U. S.
old 4s, coupon, and the new 4s. declined 4
bid, and the 5s coupon advanced 4 bid.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 486.700
1 shares, Including: Atchlson. preferred, 11.
660; C. & 0.. 6585; Burlington. 21.675; L. & N..
9805; Manhattan. 21.260: Heading, preferred.
8836: Missouri Pacific. 7360; M.. K. & T.. 8690;
i do preferred. 28.920; New York Central. 47.850;
: Northern American, 23.869; Northern Pacific,
I 15,340: do preferred, 24.280; Ontario and West
' em. 19,220: Reading. 7605; Rock Island. 32.120;
i St. Paul. 29,150; Union Pacific. 44.040: American
Spirits. 4185: American Tobacco, 3820; C G.
w., 5365; People's Gas. 10.100; Consolidated
Gas, 4180; General Electric, 3670; Laclede Gas.
5800; Sugar. 17,974.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atehlson 12% St P & Om 74%
Do pref 30% Do pref 14S
Bait & Ohio 124 St P M & M.... 1214
Canada Pac 894! So Pacific 20
Canada South 64%j50 Railway 9%
■ Cent Pac 1341 Do pref 30%
i Ches & Ohio 22% 'Tex & Pac 11 7
1 Chi & Alton 1634 Union Pac 33
'Chi B & Q 89% V PDA 0 9
! Chi & E 111 67 Wabash 7
!CCC &St L... 354 Do pref 18»4 ]
Do pref SO Wheel & L E... 2% \
Del & Hud 112% Do pref 12%
Del L & W 152 Express companies—
Den & R G 12 V Adams Ex 158
Do pref 4SVi American Ex .... 1184
Erie (new) 14% United States 40
Do Ist pref.... 37% , Wells Fargo 112
: Ft Wayne 169 I Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref ....ISO A Cot Oil 2214
Hocking Val .... 64 Do pref 754
Illinois Cent 107% Amn Spirits 94
Lake Erie & W.. 164 1 ®° rref 21%
Do pref 72>4 1 Amer Tobacco ... 87
I Lake Shore 1&54 Do pref 112
! Louis & Nash .. 66'« People's Gas .... 86»4
I Manhattan L .... 116% (> on» Gas 193
Met St Ry 144% Com Cab Co 175
I Mich Cent 106V4 Col F & 1r0n.... 24%
Minn & St L.... 244 Do pref 70
Do Ist pref .... 844 Gen Electrio ....» 86
j Mo Pacific 84% Illinois Steel .... 61
I Mob & Ohio .... 80*4 Laclede Gas 46%
I Mo X & T 13", Lead 354
150 pref 89^4 1 Do pref 106 V;
Chi Ind A L.... 9 Nat Lin Oil 174 '
Do pref 324 iOr Imp Co .... 2SV-
N J Cent 94 , Pacific Mail SI
N V Cent 117% Pullman Pal 1764 i
N V Chi & St L.. 144 Silver Cert 664
Do Ist pref .... 65 i Stan R & T 4
Do 2d pref 374 Sugar IS" 7 *
Nor West 14', Do pref 1134
No Amer Co 6 TC & Iron 25%
No Pacific 27 US Leather .... 6%
Do pref 64 7 » Do pref '634
Ontario & W ISViiU S Rubber IMA
Or R & Nay.... 49 I Do pref 644
Or Short Line.... 24 ! West Union 91
j Fittsburg M c & N W . 122' i
Reading 22 I Do pref 165
Do Ist pref .... 614' St L Ac S W 4>i
Rock Island 92 I Do pref 94
I St L & S F 14 |R G W 22
Do Ist nref — HP*! Do pref 55
Do M pref 25VChl G W 14%
i St Paul 95% Haw Com Co .... 304
Do pref 144 1
CLOSING BONDS.
; U S new 4s reg... 127K[N J C 5s Itnt
Do coup 128 V» N Carolina 6s 125 "
,US 4s 112% Do 4s 105
Do coup 1144 No Pac Ists 116*4
Do 2ds 100 Do 3s 6" 1 *!
UB 5s reg 1134 Do 4s si
Do 6s coup 114% N V C & St L 4s. 106«
District 3 60s 116 Nor &W 6s 124
Ala Class A 108 Northwstrn con .. 1444
Do H KM Do deb Ss 118
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 115
Do Currency ... 100 Do 4s 95%
' Atehlson 4s 914 O S Line 6s tr!.'!.' 126
Do adj 4s 69% i Do 5s tr |MC
: Can So 2ds 10S"*iO Imp Ist* tr 109
j Chi Term 4s 85%! Do 5s tr M
; C & Ohio 5s 115 !Pac 6s of 95....'.' 1034
C H & D 44s 104% i Reading 4s .... S4\
; D & R G Ists.... 107% H <; W lsts 83^
1 Do 4s 91415t 1. &111 C r , s 85%
East Term Ists... li* 7 , St LASF O(■ 116%
Erie Gen 4s 7f>4 pt P Con 1594
F W & D lsts tr. 71 iStPC&P Ists.. 120
: Gen Elec 5s 100% Do 5s 116
GH&S A6s 106 S,-, R R 6s. .. . 92%
TDp 2ds 101 Stan R& T 65.... f.9
H & X C r.B 1104 Term new set 35.. 87
Do con 6s 10C4|Tex Pac L G lsts. lftovi
lowa C Ists 100 Do reg 2ds .... 32%
Kan Pac Con tr.. 99*; Union Pac lsts... 121
j X Pas Ists tr 120 TPD & G lsts... f.64
La new con 4s 102 | Wab Ist 6s ... ins---,
L & N Unl 4s M ] Do 2ds SVt
Missouri 6s 100 w Shore 4s 109%
M K& T 2ds 66 Va Centuries .... TOW
Do 48 ss : Do deferred .... 3
N V Cent Ists 116%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 33 Ontario 2 60'
Crown Point 23 Ophir H
Con Cal & Va.... 1 01 Plymouth OS
j Deadwood 9.1 Quicksilver 100
j Gould & Curry M Do preferred ... 300
Hale & Norcross.. 1 20 Sierra Nevada ... 00
Homestnke 40 00 Standard 1 4"
Iron Silver 3? ! Union Con 3r,
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket ... 30
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Jan. 26.— Atchison. i:> : Bell Tele
phone. I 6«: Burlington. 994; Mexican Centra*.
:."»; Oregon Short Line, 24.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— The Evening Post's
; London financial cablegram says: Politics re
stricted all stock markets here to-day, except
Americans, which rose steadily and closed
: quiet at the best, almost entirely on New York
support. New York Central and Ontario and
Western led the rise.
Other markets were featureless. Spanish se
: curities were dull. Money rates are tighten
ing still further and more was borrowed to-day
from the Bank of England. The East Indian
j Railway was offered £600.000 of 24 per cent
debentures at only 97. Only £90,000 was ap
plied for, an Indication showing the way In
1 which money rates are perhaps tending.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts, 23.
285 barrels: exports, 15,638 barrels. Strong, but
Blow of sale at the advance. Buckwheat Flour,
quiet.
WHEAT— Receipts, 19.425 bushels; exports,
48,056 bushels. Spot strong: No. 2 red. SI 05%.
Options higher on strong English cables and
foreign buying, eased off a little under realiz
; Ing. but finally recovered and closed very
; strong at 'S.'Slc net advance on European war
rumors and firm closing cables: January.
$1 04 9-16-51 06%. closed $1 06%; May. 95%@
M 11-MC. closed 95% c.
HOPS— Firm: State common to choice, 1R95
• crop. 4@6c; 1596 crop. 74?9e; 1897 crop. 17'g2'«-;
Pacific Coast. 1895 crop, 4@6c; 1896 crop, 8&10 c;
1897 crop. 171920 c.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PlGl ßON— Warrants easy at $6 50 bid and
S6 75 asked.
LAKE ' UPPER- Dull; $10 80 bid.
HPKLTER— Unchanged; $3 90 bid and $4 10
asked.
LEAD— 60 bid and S3 62 asked; brokers',
$3 N.
TlN— sl3 85@13 90.
COFFEE— Options opened steady and un
changed: closed dull with prices unchanged to
r. points net lower. Sales. 62. bags. Spot
Coffee— Rio, dull; mild, quiet. Sales, 600 bags
Maracalbo. 300 hags Savanilla and 100 bags
Mexican, all p. t.
SUGAR— Raw. steady: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7327 packages. Western
creamery, 144g20c; Elglns. 20c; factory, 11
6 14 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5767 packages. Firmer; State
and Pennsylvania. 19@21c: Western, 20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Jan. —California Dried
Fruits: Apples, firm; others, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6@7%c;
prime wire tray. S4c; wood dried prime, 84c;
choice. *\v: fancy. 9S9V4C.
PRUNES— 3?jBc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 6@74c; Moorpark. 9<Sllc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7@loc; peeled. 12®20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 26.— The opening In wheat
was firm. May starting at 94M ( @94 1 4c. an ad
! vance of %©%'•. while" July was %@%c higher
at 85@85%c. This partly due to the firmness
at Liverpool, where %d advance was shown.
The destruction of the East St. Louis ele
vator with 250.000 bushels wheat also had
some effect, as It was expected to cause buy
ing from there. The contrary proved to be the
case. New York reported good foreign de
mand with the May price up %c. Against this
was the big snowfall, and the bearlshness
: this caused was especially marked In July.
[ There were no signs of a renewal of the Leiter
' bidding for January, which ran the price of
that delivery up to {1 yesterday, but never
theless the sudden advance in prices which
: that maneuver caused yesterday" made the
bears rather timid, and each attack on May
was followed by ■ a rally. Toward midday,
however, the market was allowed to sag.
! May had touched 93?£c and reacted to 94' 4 c
1 several times, but about 12 o'clock the price
! had gradually declined to 93 1 . 8 ,, c. The
■ fluctuations were . apparently the result of
j scalping, as no news of importance came In.
To-day's clearances from Atlantic ports
I were equal to 415,000 bushels. Liverpool closed
%d higher for futures; Paris from 5 centimes
to 10 centimes higher for wheat and flour
and Antwerp 12V4 centimes higher. '
About • ten minutes from the close the pit
suddenly took on a scene of activity. January
had been practically nominal at about »6c all
day, but before the Leiter people got through
with it the price was $1 01. It closed at $1.
May responded to this rally much more readily
than It did yesterday. The market had been
; rather oversold anyway, and the Jump In
: January, coming Just after fresh war news In
| the shape of a report that a British gunboat
j had seized a steamer loaded with arms and
; ammunition In the gulf of Oman and con
signed to Russian houses, started shorts on a
hurried hunt for cover. Th« top price was
reached on this bulge.
_ May closed decidedly strong at M" 4 p. July
had sold arf low as 84>*c early In the day. but
rallied and closed at 85«» c. ••
Not much was done in corn. May ranged
'«>«> »%g»!»e ° 29 '* C ' and closed %c higher
, Oats were very dull, but firm. May ranged
from 23*0240 and 23\@23!ic. and closed
He higher at 2JT4@24c.
Provisions were , active and steady. At . the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1898.
close May pork was 6c lower; May lard, 6c
lower, and May ribs, 24c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Clone.
Wheat No. »—
January 964 $1 01 964 SI 00
May 94<4 94% 934 94%
July •••••••" 85i» 55% 84* 85%
Corn No. 2—
January 27% 27114 274 27%
May Wk 25% 294 29%
Ju A y -V.— . 30 30% so* 30% :
Oats No. 2—2 —
May 23"* '. 24 23% 24
July 22»i 2 4 22% 22 7 4
Mess Pork, per bbl— **, . - - -»
January $9 9214 33 90^ | 9 $71^ s? pu ,
Mny • 10 02' 10 05 995 9 974
Lard, per 100 lt>s—
January $4 S5
MM B>'8 >' $4 924 $4 95 $4 874 4 874
July boo 500 4 974 4 974
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
January ; $490
May 4 92H $5 00 $4 924 *4 95
Cash quotations were as follows:
No. 2 spring Wheat, 90<3>?2c: No. t spring
Wheat. SS@92c; No. 2 red. S7c@sl; No. 2 Corn,
27%E?7%c: No. 2 Oats. 214 c: No. 2 white, f. o.
b.. 25c: No. 3 white, f. o. h.. 24Vi®24*ic; No. 2
Rye. 464 c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b . 274640 c: No.
1 Flax Seed. $1 26: prime Timothy Seed. $2 75:
Mess Pork, per bbl.. $9 874«?9 924: Lard, per
100 lbs.. $4 85@4 874: Short Ribs sides (loose).
$4 774<54 96; dry Salted Shoulders (boxed). 4%
©So: Short Clear Sides (boxed). $4 974*i5 13:
Whisky, distillers 1 finished goods, per gallon,
51 19; Sugars, cut loaf, 15 89; granulated, $.' 30.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 7.000 9.000
Wheat, bushels 30.000 13.000
Corn, bushels 229.000 109.000
Oats, bushels ' . 818,000 135.000
Rye, bushels 6.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 102,000 14.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, ISSIS4c;
Dairies. ll©17c; Cheese, quiet, S3"B4c; Eggs.
firm; fresh, 16c. ___
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 150.400 80.800
Duluth 42.048 600
Milwaukee 20.800 .'.....
Chicago 29.600 3 228
Toledo 4,629 1.500 1
St. Louis IS.OOO «.000
Detroit 11.459
Kansas City 24.500 16.600
Totals 296.444 58.628
Tidewater —
Boston 42.000 ......
New York 19,425 48,066
Philadelphia 11.883
Baltimore
New Orleans
Totals 73.308 48.056
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — Jan. Mar.
Opening 60 30 69 95
Closing 60 65 60 25 !
Flour-
Opening 2$ 50 8 If
Closing 28 60 2S 40
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 7 7% 7 44 7 1% 6 7%
Closing ...7 7% 7 44 7 1% 6 74
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 26.— CATTLE— Very few '
lots of beef steers went as low as $4 and the
bulk of offerings crossed the scales at $4 40®
5 10. There was the usual scarcity of strictly
choice beeves. Stockers and feeders, $3 50@
4 3.",; ranners. $2 60@2 7.'': Bologna bulls. $2 603
3; exporters. S3 50$J3 80. with an occasional sale ;
at $454 35; calves. $6 s<Vff7 for choice to prime ■
lots: >■• st beef cattle. $5 25*25 55.
HOGS — Sales were at an extreme range of
$3 1509 074 for coarse packers to prime heavy
shipping hops, the groat bulk of the offerings
finding buyers at $3 Soii>3 90; pigs. $3 50 ■; 75.
PHEEP— Fair to prime lambs sold at S3 2S.fj>
6. inferior to common lambs. }4Sjo; fed West
ern lambs, S5 1504; sheep were strong at $3 &fi<cl
4 75, a good many fed Westerns bringing $4 10©
4 60. and yearlings sold at $4 60@5 10.
Receipts— 8000; hogs, 14.000; sheep,
8000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts,
official. S3OO, of which 400 were Southern. Gen
eral market active and strong, choice grades
10c higher. Supply of Texan* and Indians
light. Western steers. $3 .">"': I 49; Western
cows and heifers. 12 60$i3 75; native steers.
J3 7596 10: bulk. $4 4if*j4 <•"; native cows and
heifers. J2 2."'m4 25: stockers and feeders, S3 £o*3
5; bulls. $3 20@4 85.
HOGS — Receipts, official. 18.000. Market
opened steady and slow and closed 24^5c
lower: bulk of sales. $3 65@3 SO. Heavies.
J3 6053 90; packers, $3 65-^3 05: mixed. S3 824; !
lights. 13 65<S-3 80; yorkers, S3 "'a?. 80; pigs.
J3 30<33 65.
SHEEP — Receipts, official. »00. Market
strong and active. Five hundred Mexican
lambs sold at J5 40; Western sheep, 54 40@4 45;
medium to choice stuff. S3 50 / 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Jan. 26.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2600.
Market strong to TV higher. Native beef
steers. S3 7504 75; Western steers. $3 60#4 40;
cows and heifers, $3»4: canners, SI NW?2: stock
ers and feeders. S3 50/34 85; calves, S3lin; bulls,
stars, etc.. 12 75«?3 55.
HOGS— Receipts. 4900. Market higher. sf?inc.
Heavy. $3 6503 75; mixed. $3 70^3 80; light.
SI 75«J3 SO; pigs. S3 EOO3 75; bulk of sales, ;
S3 7003 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 6900. Market active. Fnlr
to choice beeves, $t®4 75; fair to choice West
erns. J4'!?4 60; common and stock sheep, $3 DO'S?
4; lambs, $4 50@5 40.
DENVER.
DENVER. Jan. 26.— Cattle— Receipts 1000;
market steady to firm. Native beef steers. '
S3 2504 10; cows. $393 50; stackers and feeders, i
$3 60tfr4 25; bulls, stags, etc., S2@'2 75; calves, '•
$4 7506.
Hogs— Receipts 200: market steady. Light
packers. $3 5503 65; heavy, S3 25@3 45; mixed,
J3 M><S3 60.
Sheep — No receipts, no shipments, no quo
tations.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, Jan. 26.— At to-day's sales of
Wool there were offered 15.669 hales, compris
ing the best catalogues of the series. The high
rates were maintained, and In some cases the
highness of the limits caused withdrawals.
Fine Port Phillip fleece washed sold at ex
treme prices to the home trade, .lambs' Wool
reaching 2s lOd.
American purchasers and the home trade
operated spiritedly for fine greasles. the latter
securing the bulk of the offerings of this sort.
Five thousand bales were taken for America.
A fair quantity of cross-bred slips sold readily
at full rates.
• German buyers were eager for scoured. pay-
Ing Is 84d. and French purchasers were more
active. The Letter sorts of Cape of Good Hope
and Natal sold at an advance of 10 per cent.
chiefly to the home trade. Thus far In the '
series 52.200 bales have been sold, and there are
available 84.700 bales. Following are the day's
sales In detail, with prices obtained:
New South Wales— 3loo bales; scoured, 10d@
Is sd; greasy, 6d@UV(d.
Queensland — 800 bales; greasy, 7d??ls I4d.
Victoria— 42oo bales; scoured. 9d<a2s 64d;
greasy, ';.'.'. Is 7d.
South Australia— 7oo bales; greasy. £P.4d@
7%d.
West Australia— "oo bales; scoured, ~4d®
; Is 24d: greasy. 4>;d©74d.
New Zealand— 36o") bales; scoured. 6!,d®
Is 3 1 / id; greasy. 7d!glod.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal— 26oo bales;
scoured. Sd@ls 54d: greasy, 64d@S4d.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Jan. 26.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say of the wool trade to-.
: morrow: From outward appearances the mar- i
ket has been as quiet during the past week
as at any time. As a matter of fact, however,
there has been an enlargement In the trading
of more than 62 per cent, the sales amount- !
Ing to I. mm pounds, against 3.377,000 pounds
the preceding week. The amounts of wool |
Fold have ranged downward from about 600.000
pounds. There have been no excessive sales
by anybody, but a number of concerns, which
previously reported substantially no sales, j
nave done a moderate business. There have
been a few large mills In the market looking
for specialties, but the . demand has for the
most part been of a general character. Prices ,
are firmly maintained, and asking prices have ,
In some Instances been marked up materially. I
The attention of the market has been prin- '
cipally absorbed by the London sales. The I
trade in Boston Is not of one mind as to Just "
what the advance in London has been, but It '
Is certainly safe to say that the market ha«
gone 10 per cent on merinos. The sales of the
week amount to 3,823.000 pounds domestic and
1.315,000 pounds foreign .
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. 26 —Consols. 11 11-11; Silver,
26 3-16 d: French Rentes. 103.15. .
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 26.— Wheat. n rm; cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
firm; English country markets, generally 6*11.1
dearer: French country markets, quiet; Wheat
111 Paris, firm: Flour In Paris, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 MM.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Jan. 26.— Wheat, steady: Walla
Walla, 756754 c; Valley and bluestem. 78e.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. —Wheat— 1 club,744c-
No. 1 bluestem, 774 c. .
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Jan. 26.— Exchanges, 5182.9591
balances, ti1, 663. " JiW "ffcllH
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 lav
Sterling Cables _ 4 gg'*.
New York Exchange, sight — . 20
New York ExchHT telegraphic. — 22>4
Fine Silver, per ounce — . 56%
Mexican Dollars ... ....; 47 _
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Kllmory takes for Algna Bay
54,543 ctls, valued at $64,542. '; •• .7; . ..."
Both spot and future advanced, with a very
firm feeling.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: II 40®
1 «1K for No. 1. $1 42% for choice and $1 45®
1 60 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — May— lß,ooo
! Ctls. $1 40>i: 22,000, Jl 40»».
Second Session— May— ctls. $1 40V4: 6000,
*1 10%; 2000, ji 40*4.
Regular Morning Session — December— 2ooo
ctls. $1 3SU; moo. $1 3314; 2000,, $1 33; May—
$1 41V 84.000. « 41%. • ■'
Afternoon Session— May— 6ooo ctls. $1 41%:
4000. II 42; 2000. $1 41*4: 4000. $1 41H: 4000. $1 4H4;
6000, $141^; IS.OOO, $141>i; 6000. $1 41H: 6000,
I $1 40%: 4000. $1 41 December— 2ooo. $1 33%: 4000.
Jl Wi : B<<vi, ji 33^.
BARLEY— The market rules firm and dealers
are exacting: full figures.
Feed. 95c@$l for dark to good and $1 024®
1 05 for choice: brewing, $1 124tfl 17% for No.
1 and Jl 02Vffl 05 per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — May—
ctlß, 93Hc.
Second Sesslon-May-2000 ctls. 93V4c; 6000.
SSHc.
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls. 94c:
12.000, 94V»c; 2000. 94%0; 2000. 94*4 c; 8000, 94% c;
2000. 94Sc: 10.000. S4T*c.
Afternoon Session— May— ctls, 94?; c; 2000,
94c: f>on. n\c. •
OATS— Are very strong. in sympathy with the
other cereals.
Fancy feed, si 20®l 25 per ctl: rood to choice.
*1 isei.l7%; common. Jl 10«Tl 12H: Surprise.
Jl R«1 35: red. Jl 8001 40; gray, n 12V,@1 mi:
milling. Jl 07% m i 4:i 4: black, for seed. Jl 350
1 50. Clipped Oats sell at Jl@! per ton over the
raw product.
CORN— The market continues to advance and
Is very firm.
Small round yellow," Jlijjl 05 per ctl; large
ye i'S w . 1 V K H®l 07*4; white, BS\c@sl.
RYE— 05 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-J1 75©J per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
14 65@4 65; Bakers' extras. »4 8034 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
our ;, J3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $! 50 per 100:
Rice Flour. $5 75; Cornmeal. $2 25: extra cream
do, $3: Oatmeal. S3 50; Oat Groats. $4: Hom
iny. »3 10®3 SO; Buckwheat Flour. »4: Cracked
« heat. J3 60; Farnla, (4 60: Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (bbls). $505 40: In
sacks, J4 80 ® 5 2°: Pearl Barley. $4; Split Peas.
$3 50; Green do. $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market Is booming, and If the
present dry weather keeps up there is no know
ing where It will go to. Another advance oc
curred yesterday and others may be expected
every day or so. Dealers report a serious
■nonage, and say that even with rain pres
ent prices will be maintained. Bran has also
advanced 50c.
BRAN— J2O©2I
MIDDLINGS— J21<?24 50.
FEEPSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $22323 pet
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. J2B 50@29 50:
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake. J19®20: Cotton
seed Meal. J29tf3o per ton: Corn Meal, $23 KM
2*2;- Cracked Corn. $24@25; Chopped Feed,
JlS@l9.
v«AY (V.x.cvr in round lots>— Wheat, Jl6®
1. 150 per ton; Wheat and Oat. $16917: Oat, $14 60
Wl6 50: Barley. Jl3 .'o<rls; compressed, Jls@
18 75; Alfalfa. $10 50@U 50; stock. $10 50@ll 50;
i Clover. $11312 50 per ton.
Jll@l2 per ton.
STRAW— SOS 450 per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Pink Beans have again advanced, and are
1 hard to get. The other sorts are strong, and In
fact, the whole market Is in good shape.
BEANS— nayos. J2 90®3: Small Whites. $135
Jl 45: Large Whites. $1 30®l 37' 7 ; Pinks, $2 05
••■> i?u : n«^, P SOWS: Rlackeye. $2 25@2 50:
Butters. $140ifl50: Llmas, $1 65@1 75; Pea,
$1 ar.fn 50 per ctl.
SEEPS— Brown Mustard. $3 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard, J2iß2 50; Flax. $2*r2 10; Canary Seed.
2--i'H2\r per Ib: Alfalfa. 3@6c; Rape. 2<3i2%c.
, Hemn. 3c; Timothy. 5Hc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 25; Green, $1 20©
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Evaporated Vegetables are now quoted, as
they are in active demand. Potatoes and
Onions rule firm. There is no particular
change In Vegetables.
POTATOES— Early Rose. GO«70c: River Reds.
4r.tfjsoc; River Burbanks, '■..•IV; Oregon Bur
banks, 60«j<X>c: Salinas Burbanks. 75cig$l; Pet
aluma Burbanks. 60@65c: Sweet Potatoes, 60c
per ctl for Rivers and 60«75c for Merced; new
Volunteer Potatoes, 2?j2»-c per lb.
ONIONS— $2 «Xg2 65 per ctl: cut Onions, $1 60
©2 per sack "
VEGETABLES— Marrowfat Squash, J12®15
per ton: Hubhard Squash, $12': 15 per ton; Dried
Peppers, 3frloc per lb: Pried Okra. 15c: Cab
bage. «V57.%c per ctl: Carrots. 23@50c per pack;
I Garlic. .WS'-jc per lb: Asparagus^ 20c per lb
Los Angeles Green Peas. 7<J?Se: String Beans.
— : Tomatoes, McCWI 25; Gre.»n Peppers. 20c
per lb: Summer Squash. 8@10c: Egg Plant. 15
@20c per Ib.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — A local
parking company quotes as follows:
Potatoes, sliced raw. 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; «'iced desiccated. lfi{Mßc: granulated raw,
IV: Onions. 60c: Carrots, old. I3c: new, He;
; Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes. 30c; turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern are In. selling at S'SlOc
for Turkey*. ?: M for Ducks. $1 75 for Geese.
J4 75ff?S 60 for Hens and young Roosters. J4jJ
! 4 M for old Roosters and $4 60<!?5 for ' Fryers.
Local stock is dull and weak, with a de
cline in Hens.
Game is about the same.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys. SSTIOc for Gobblers and 10011 c
for Hens: dressed Turkeys, lKg'lSc per Th-
Geese, per pair. Jl 2:-;1 50; Pucks, J4@s; Hens.
$304: Rasters, young. J4 Kn<ffs: do old
$3 60f?4: ■■■ ■•■ J4 2" :4 60: Broilers. J4IJ4 60 for
large and J3^B 60 for small: Pigeons, Ji sou
1 75 per dozen for young and 75c@!l for old
GAME— Quail, per dm. Ssc©Jl; Mallard $3-
Canvasback KM 10: Sprig. $1 M; Teal. 75c{?$l-
Widgeon. Jl; Small Pucks. 75c: Gray Geese
J3£O«?4: White. $1; Brßnt. Jl SOI 60; Honkers
$3; English Snipe. $2: Jack Snipe. $1. Hare
ncOSI; Rabbits. $1 1501 60 for Cottontails and
$1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are steady. In spite of larger receipts.
Butter Is firm.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creameries, 25@26c; sec
onds. J235?24c.
Palry— Choice to fancy, 225?23c: lower grades,
20«?21c per Th.
Eastern Butter — Creamery, 22@'23c; ladle
packed. 17';«J21c per Th.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. lie: common to
good, 1010 c; Cream Cheddar. 10011 c; Young
America. ll*?12c; Western. ll@12c; Eastern,
12V.«?13Uc per Ib.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 20<Jf22c per do*; store
Eggs, lgeisc
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The Orange auction opened yesterday and
11*9 boxes were offered, selling at 55@$1 90 for
Navels, and 3.V for small sized seedlings.
Frosted Navels went at 65@75c.
Limes are very scarce. Apples are firm. -
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $708 per bbl; Coos Bay. $1 SO©
2 per box.
Apples. 40(f?50c per box for common. 65c@$l
for good to choice and Jl 25<gl 40 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, Jl 25<gi
2 25: Seedlings. r.ftcrfjjl; Mandarins, Jl«?i 50
l for large and 55075 c for small boxes: Grape
Fruit. J2 fiOiffn per box; Lemons. &Oc@Jl for
i common and Jl 25^2 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, J697 per box; California Limes,
In small boxes. 50<'?7.'c: Bananas. tl!s@2 25 per
bunch: Pineapples. J3lf4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
There Is nothing new; are as before.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4!4
©4«ic for 40-50's. 3?iiß4>,c for 60-6e's, 3>h^3\c
I for 60-70'b, 2%{j)3Ue for 70-80's. 2Vi©2^c for 80
90's, l% < f/2' 4 c for 90-100's: Peaches, 3«J4Hc: fan
cy, 6<g»Hc; peeled. MOllHc; Apricots. r.!B6c for
Royals and "Q'Sc for good to fancy Moorpurks:
I evaporated Apples. 6>-.W7c: sun-dried. 404Hc;
black Figs, In sacks, 2@2V4c; Plums. 4^«?4»ic
for pitted and l@l>4e for unpltted; bleached
'Plums, E@sVic: Nectarines, 4Jisc for. prime to
, fancy: Pears. 2U*i4>4c for quarters and 3®si-4c
j for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2\i#3c for two-crown. 4c for three
crown. 5c for four-crown. 5%c for Seedless
Sultanas and $1 lOigl 15 for London layers;
dried Grapes, ?\c.
chestnuts are quotable at S©loc per
lb; Walnuts, Eotc for hardshell and 6@7c for
foftshell: Almonds. 24®3%c for hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 75?8c for paper-shell: Peanuts.
4fißHc for Eastern and 4U.c for California;
Pecans. 6H@Bc: Filberts. SHtfrlOc: Brazil Nuts,
Sfi'^c per lb: Cocoanuts, $4 6005 per ion.
HONEY— Comb. S@loc for bright and 5®
7c for lower grades: new water white extract
ed. 4%@5c; Hght amber extracted. 3*i@4Vic
I per lh
BEESWAX— 23@2Sc per lb. '
PROVISIONS. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. K!sc per 'lb for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10c for light. lOHc
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured: East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 10Vi©llC* California
Hams, '.i-ii'.r^c; Met* Beef. $8 r.O per bbl: extra
mess do. $3 50: family do, J11012:-salt Pork.
$ S <?S 50; extra prime Pork, $9 50: extra clear,
$16; mess, $14 60; Smoked Beef. HV4@!2%c per
lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at sVic per lb
for compound and 6c for pure: palls. 7c; Cali
fornia tierces. 6c per Ib for compound and 6c
for pure: half-bbls. 6Uc; 10-lb tins, 7c; do B-lb
7>*c per lh. .
COTTOLENE— Tierces. l%@Vric; packages,
less than 3ro-lhs— 1-lb palls. 60 In a case. B%c:
3-lb palls. 20 in a case. BHc; 5-lh palls. 12 In a
case, si,c; 10-lb palls. 6 in a case. 8«, c: 60-lb
tins. on» or two in a case. 7Hc: wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net. 7"* c; fancy tubs. SO lbs net. "He;
half-bbls, about 110 lbs. 'Me per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,
10@l0Hc per : lb; medium, *c; • light, »c; Cow
hides. »©9% c; Stags. 6c: salted Kip. 10c: Calf,
lie: dry Hides, 16c: culls and brands, 13c: dry
Kip and Veal. 14®15c: dry Calf, 18@20c; culls.
16@17c; Goatskins. 20@37>4c each; Kids, 6(»10c:
Deerskins, good summer. 25@30c per lb: me
2'""} 1 !Oc: winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings.
20®3Oceach; short wool. 40®70c each; medium,
nOMe: long wools. 90c«JJl 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3«34c per lb: No.
2. 2624 c; refined. 6c: Grease. 2®2*4c.
; WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free. 100
( Bo; do defective. 10@Hc: San Joaquln. defec-
I tive. 7^9c; Southern Mountain, »®llc; free
i Northern. • 12®13c; do defective. 9@llc: Hum
i boldt and Mendoclno, I3(815c; Eastern Oregon.
9«?13c: Valley Oregon. 16«lSe.
HOPS— crop. 2jt6c for poor to fair and 8
®10c for good: new crop, ll©lsc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 1898 delivery.
6?45554c; Wool Bags, 27®30c
Wellington. $8; New Wellington. J?:
Southneld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle. $5 50:
Bryant. $5 50; Coos Bay. $6 75: Wallsend. $7;
Cumberland, $14 60 In bulk and $16 in sacks:
Pennsylvania anthracite egg, $15; Cannel. $9
per ton: Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. $7 60; Coke. $13 per ton in bulk and
515 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany has reduced its prices and now quotes
I terms net cash: Cube Crushed and Fine
\ Crushed, 6*« c: Powdered.- 6V«c: Dry Granulated,
! s*ic; Confectioners' A. 5Sc; Magnolia A. 6V«c;
Extra C, 6Hc; Golden C, sc; Candy Granulated.
i s%ic: California A. 6Hc per lb: half-bbls %c
more than barrels, and boxes He more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beef Is unsettled, owing to the weather, and
prices are likely to change any day. Hogs
are very firm at the advance.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6^@7c; second do, 6W@
6c: third do. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— s@6c; small. 6©7 c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; ewes. 6Hc per lb.
— Spring, nominal.
PORK— Hogs. 4@4Hc for large, 3H'S3Hc
for small and 3%@3%c for medium; soft Hogs,
3Vic; dressed, do, 6V4®6c per lb. .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 26—4 . p. m.
Flour, qr ska ... 16.371 Straw, tons 40
Wheat, ctls 1.400 Lime, bbls 162
Barley, ctls 1.575 Eggs, doz 8,010
Butter, ctls 178 Pelts, bdls 225
Cheese, ctls 145 Hides, no 217
Beans, sks 176 Raisins, bxs 1,900
Potatoes, sks .. 65:1 Leatner. rolls .. 265
Onions, sks 41 Lumber, ft 60.000
Bran, sks 300 Wine, gals 136.900
Middlings, sks .. 603 Quicksilver, risk. 187
Hay, tons 19S
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was an advance In Sierra Nevada yes
terday on the afternoon call which hardened
the neighboring stocks in sympathy, but be
yond this there was nothing new in mining
stocks.
Overman Is assessed 5 certs.
At the annual meeting of the Ban Francisco
Gas and Electric Company the entire old board
of eleven directors was re-elected for ISSB, with
Joseph B. Crockett as president and William
G. Barrett secretary and treasurer. The official
I reports show that the business of the company
I during the past year was very satisfactory.
Twelve regular monthly dividends of 60 cents
per share were paid. A dividend of that
amount will be paid on February 1.
The Utah Sugar Company of Salt Lake City,
has declared a dividend of 5 per cent, payable
February 10-
The Mammoth Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 6 cents per share,
amounting to J2i\o<v>, payable February 2.
The Northern Light Mining Company of Utah
has levied an assessment of 10 cents per share,
delinquent March 1.
At the annual meeting of the Belcher Mining
Company the old directors were re-ejected for
1898. with Jajnes Newlands as president, F. E.
LMetz secretary and W. E. Sharon superin
tendent.
The French Savings and Loan Society has re
elected the old Board of Directors for 18DS.
with E. J. Le Breton as president and Howard
Park secretary.
The Union Iron Works has re-elected the old
Board of Directors for IWS, with H. T. Scott
aa president and treasurer, Irving M. Scott
Tlf piwMcnt and general manager. J. 08.
Gunn sf-oretary and G. W. Dickie manager.
At the annual meeting of the Utah Consoli
dated Mining Company the old directors, were
re-elected for IR9B. with Henry B. Havens as
president, A. W. jlavens secretary and D. B.
Lyman supertntpndent.
The Joint Confidence, Challenge Consolidated
and Consolidated Imi-erinl west crosscut No. 1
from the surface tunnel in out 1741 feet, having
been advanced 18 feet during thi- past week,
the face shows porphyry. There Is still a
titi.'nK f!"W of water coming from the face.
In the Belcher mine, on the 1200 level, the
east cro— cut from the north drift from the in
cline is now In 65 feet; the face is in por
phyry. Work on this crosscut has been sus
pended for the present. On the BSO level the
Joint Belcher and Cftwa Point raise 1 Is up
60 feet; the top shows quartz giving low as
says. There have been hoisted and stored in
the ore hi.use at the mine 33 mining carloads
of ore, the average assay value of which Is
$24 12 per ton.
In the Crown Point mine they have been en
gatred during the week In opening on the
quartz exposed on the south side of the east
crosscut from the end of the south drift. IM
level, for the purpose of extracting a test run
of 2"0 to 300 tons of ore to ascertain its value
They have hoisted 20 tons during the week.
which assayed from $7 to $3 per ton. The
Joint Belcher-Crown Point raise from the 850
I>\H of Belcher near the line has been ad
vanced 7 feet for the week and is now up 60
f net : the top is in quartz of low assay value.
In the overman mine during the past week
they extracted 6 carloads of ore from the
north drift workings on the 900 level. The
average car sample assay of this ore was
$18 24 per ton
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
has declared a dividend of 5c per share pay
able February 14. This Is the eighteenth
dl\ldpnd.
The last month's report from the Alaska
Treadwell mine on Douglas Island Is at hand.
The product is $50,732. There were 18.010 tons
ore crushed and 280 tons sulphurets treated
the last named yielding $14,176. The combined
average of both was J2 S2 ;>er ton. Even from
such low-grade ore xhf company is able to pay
quarterly dividends o* 371-c per share or
$7500n. The next dividend by this company
will t.e paid on Friday. On the same day the.
Alaska-Mexican Mining Company, whose plant
Is also on Douglas Island, will also pay a
quarterly dividend of 10c per share, or $18000
These dividends are from real Alaska gold
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session— 9:3o.
100 Belcher 35;500 Mexican 24
100 Best & Belchr.. 4* 100 Ophir .. &j
If") Caledonia 13 12001 200 Savage .!!!!!!!! 15
200 Con Cal * Va..l 15 1 450 Sierra Nev 74
600 Con New York.. 02 son Union Con .!!!!! 41
SCO Crown Point ... 2.V 100 40
100 Gould & Curry.. 32 200 Utah !!!!!!!! 10
Afternoon Session. ■
Alta is 200 O & C... 23
I™--: IS ! 160 Occidental ..."l 60
100 Belcher 38 *00 Ophlr 81
250 Ton Cal & Va..l 15 100 Potosl . .. 33
1100 Con Imperial .. 01100 " 34
ICO Crown Point ... 26i300Seg Belcher ..'.'. 07
? m •••••- •■ 27 3.™ Sierra Nev .... 88
600 Gould & Curry.. 341300 ci
400 Hale * Norcrs..l M 600 Union Con 4C
Justice 421150 Yellow Jacket"'.'. 36
1100 Mexican 251
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
Alta 12%i300 Savage 17
22— 12 200 Slera Nev ...... 71
300 Andes i; 450 -•
300 Belcher 361200 .;..""" ~\
SOO 3S 300 .'.'.'..V.V 71
400 371200.... -I
300 Bent A Belchr.. 4i!300 """" 5
r.OOChollar 25 400 7a
400 "on Cal & V.I IT', 300 """** «l
1000 con New York. 02 SOO '..'.""" ci
600 Crown Point ... 2AJ400 .: .. *"'"* m
■• 25!«x> ::::. ; «;
400 Gould & Curry.. 34 UN Union Con ..!!'.! 3<»
40« Justice 41800 ■ ... '4^,
300 Mexican 25 500 ........ 43
150 Occidental 160 500 " *"■"" .*
400Ophlr ........... 5*,400 '..'.'.'.'.'."" 40
500  601
Afternoon Session.
600 Andes 16 600 Potosl ' 38
600 Belcher 40 600 Savage . """" "i«
900 Best & Belchr.. 64 500 ."" ■"-"-.•«
600Chollar 30 1100 Sierra Nev"!.".' ss
700 Con "CaV&"val!l 20 500 '.'.'.'.".'.'..'. M
700 Con Cal & Va..l ?i 500 S
300 Crown Point ... 27 300 " " 91
"00 29 300 /„! Si
200 28 400 ■"* 94
700 Gould & Curry. 3fi200 Union Con.!!"'* 44
200 84 200 "■ " ' II
200 Hale & Norcrs..l 35)300 ......
300 Justice 41600 " " 4
1000 Mexican : 28 300 '.". " 4 «
600 27!EOOUUh '.!!!! 12
400 Ophlr 6211000 13
SOO 63 1 700 Yellow Jacket ".'. 33
200 lIHHMIMIII .... 611
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
■ For Wednesday. January it. :
Alpha 07 09 1 Julia 01 0?
Alt* .....13 13 Justice 41 42
Andes 16 17 Kentuck 04 06
Belcher 39 40 Mexican 27 28
Best & Belchr. 62 53 Occidental .....1 60 —
Bullion 10 11 Ophlr 63 64
Caledonia 19 20 Overman 09 10
Chollar ........ 27 29 Potosi .......... 33 35
Con Cal & Va.l 15 120 Savage 18 19
Challenge . Con. 35 36 Seg Belchr .... M 07
Con Imperial... 01 0! Scorpion .....;. 05 '
Confidence 80 SS Sierra Nev .... 95 97
Crown Point :. 28 29 Silver Hill 03 34
Con New York. —• 02 Standard ...... 145 —
Eureka Con ... — 25 Union Con .... 47 49
Gould A Curry. 35 SR Utah 11 13
Hale & Norcn.l 30 1 40; Yellow Jacket . 37- 39
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Jan. 25—2 p. m.
Bid. Asked. Bid. Asked.
U 3 Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 65\ —
4s quar coup..ll3KiluVi Pac Gas Im.. 93 94
4s quar reg..112 113* Pac LCo . 56 1 ;! 574
4 '»?, Uar "- 125 ~ i s FG & E.. 954 95%
■ Miscellaneous— Pan Fran 3XI 3*.
Cal-st Cab ss. 113 — Stockton Gas. 14*,—
Cal El L 6b .1264 — ; Insurance—
C C Wat 65.. .102 103 FlrenVs Fnd..1974 —
Dup-st ex c. — 954 Bank Stocks—
£ L & £ 65.. 129^12;^ Anglo Cal .... 57 60
F& Ch Ry65..116 — Bank of c a i 246 "50
Gear-st R ss. y3\4102 Cal SD & T — 101
HC & S 64. .105 — First" Nat " - 200 _
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lob P & \ !30 _
Do gntd la.. 100 101 |Mer Exchnce IS —
Market-st 65. .126 — Nev Nat B V,O —
Do Ist M 65.U4%115Vi Savings Bank-
Nat Vln 6s Ist - 100 Ocr S & L. 1475 1620
N C ngßy 7s. 101 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 110 - .Mutual Say 33 40
NRy Cal 65. .102 103 B F Say v 473 —
NPC Ry 1044 — IP & L 50.." - 100
NPC Ry ss. 99"» — Pecurltv S B 150 —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — \ Union TCo 950 —
Do 2d is 55.. 11 l 112 I Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 1254130 California ....1054109
P*o Ry 65.110 115 Bear? 40 _
P & Ch Ry 65. 1074110 Market-st .... 5314 531:
Powell-st 6s . — 122 Oak S L & H — —
Reno WL&L.. — 105 Prf-sldio 7 _
Sac Elecßyss. — 100 Powder—
p F * X P 55.104«i1054 California .... P74H5
3Pof Ar 65..101%102 E Dynamite .. 85 «6
8 p cii 65. ...109^1104 Giant Con Co S3* —
SPC lrt eg to. 96U.100 ViKorit 3% 4
8 P Br 6s 1094— Miscellaneous—
S V Wat 65. .119} 4 1204 •Al Pac Assn.. 99 99«
B V Wat .102% — Ger Ld Wks.,loo 150
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 H C& 8 Co. 30% 30%
Water— Hutch S P Co. 42 424
Contra Costa. 534 — Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Marin Co .... 50 — I Nat Vln Co .. — •74
Spring Val ...100^1004 Oe S Co 37^37^
Gas Electric— I Pac A F Al.. 14 3
Cent Gaslight. 984 — i Pac Bor C 0... 94 100
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co. 6\L —
MEL C 0.... 15* 164 '
MORNING SESSION—
65 Olan Powder Con ....: 89 00
60 do do 38 874
50 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar .... 30 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co 42 124
60 Market-street Railway 63 124
11000 Market street Ry Con Bonds 6s 114 50
100 Oceanic Steamship Co 36 75
26 do do 37 00
20 do do 37 25
25 do do 87 374
60 S F Gas & Electric 95 23
J2OOO Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 75
500 Vigorlt Powder s SO 3 874
Street—
$5000 S P of A Bonds 10175
. AFTERNOON SESSION.
20 Contra Costa Water 65 00
19 Eestern Dynamite 85 00
60 Giant Powder Con 38 87 1 -!
55 Spring Valley Water 100 374
300 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar.... 30 7o
200 do do 30 624
400 do do 30 874
50 Hutchtnson S P Co 42 00
$1000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 55. ...114 75
$4000 do do- 115 00
Street—
$2000 n P C R R 5s Bonds 100 00
50 Spring Valley Water 100 37
$4000 Spring Valley 4s 80nd5...-. 102 87',
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles and Leah Offer to Gustav Harshall,
lot on N line of Post street, 177:6 W of. Larkln,
W 24:3 by N 120: $10.
Rosa Lyon to David Sachs, lot on SW corner
of Pine street and Van Ness avenue, S 30 by
W 54:9; $10.
Isabella M. Williams (wife of R. S> to Maria
Monferran, lot on E line of Scott street, 32:8 S
of Fell, S 27:6 by E 87:6; $5.
William I. and James P. Mullin (by Herman
Murphy, trustee) to David I. Mackey, 1716 d
26?, undivided three-fifths of lot on S line of
Oolden Gate avenue, 137:6 W of Hyde street.
W 34:4^ by S 137:6: also undivided four-fifths
of lot on S line of Oak street, 100 E of Brod
erick. E 25 by S 137:6, trustees' deed; $905.
James H. and Ellen Bartlett (by J. J. West,
commissioner) to Michael Schmelnsky. lot on
NW corner of Sixteenth and Sanchez streets,
W 70 by N 22. 69.337; $6260.
Constance Paultssen to Henry Paulissen, un
divided one-third of lot on N line of Chestnut
street. 152:6 X of Stockton, being NE corner of
Bell Air place and Chestnut street. E 20 by N
70; $10.
Emll Paulissen to Henry Paulissen. undivided
one-third of lot on N line of Chestnut street
1:2:6 E of Stockton street, being NE corner of
Bell Air place and Chestnut street. E 20 by N
70: H&
Peter Healey to Charles. Mamie, Nellie.
Aggie. Henry and Louis Healey, lot on NW
line of Natoma street. 283:6 SW of First, SW
25 by NW IS; $in.
George and Anna Burkharrtt to Tully Smith
lot on SW line of Morris (Park) street, 75 SE
of Bryant. SE 20 by PW 75; $10.
Edward and Constance A. Meeks and
Blanche Thayer Heath to Edward B. Pond,
lot on NW line of Brannan street, 275 SW of
Sixth. SW 117:6 to Boardman place by NW
6. F. and Ida M. Wllley to Jennie B. Poult
ney. lot on NW corner of Point Lobos and
Forty-second avenues, N 14 to Cliff House road
W 176:!>. B 44:3. E ISS. lot 74. block 223; $5.
John and May Burehaw to Christian Holtum,
lot on W line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 175 S
of J street. S X by W HO; $10.
A. K. P. Harmon and Etta Harmon Ed
wards to Catherine F. Ford, lot on N line of n
"treet, 57:6 W of Tenth avenue. W 25 by N
I'atherine F. Ames (Ford) to James F. Ford
lot "n X line of N street, 57:6 W of Tenth ave
nue. W 1~ by N 100; $10.
Punnyside Land Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to M L
Bossett, lot 2.1. block Ift, Sunnvside; $10.
fllameda County.
Poter A. and Lizzie Cameron to Joseph B
MetVinald. undivided one-half interest in lot
on N line of Nineteenth street. 100 W of Brush
W 30 by N ion, block 293, Oakland: $10.
C.iroltn Gaudin to Emma L. Lavlgne. lot on
E line of Market street, 26:5 N of Fifteenth N
26:5. E 107. S 25:11. W 102 to beginning, block
B. property North Oakland Homestead Asso
ciation, Oakland: gift.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January. 1898.
!
ill.
Mo
Tu.
W .
Th
Fr
>a
Moon's Phases
I 1
O. Full Moon.
X' Jan. 7.
i
-
2
4
6
6
7
I 8
I
—
■Last Quarter.
Jan. 15.
9
to
11
13
14
15
i
IT I
21
22
fZis. New Moon.
\gj Jan. 22.
I
i
M
28
27
l»
29
•» ■
I-jj. First Quarter,
1 V Jan. 29.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
From i Ddb
r»— ■*«■!..« i
"oosßay Jan 26
Tacoma Jan 2«;
Newport Jan 27
Victoria and Puget Snd... Jan 27
"omox Jan 27
New York Jan 28
|Urays Harbor Jan 2*
■^anDlefro ._ Jan 29
Humboirtt Bay i.lan 29 I
Departure Bay Jan 2.' :
Mumooidt Jan 30 I
Poruana Jan oO
Mexico. Jan SU
Coos Bay j.i!) SI
Newport ; Jan SI
Panama jan 31
ITaqutna Bay .• Jan 31
Yukon pvy, 1
1 Victoria & Pueet Sna Ker» l
China and Japan Feb 1
Coos Bay.. •. Feb 1
San Dlfsrn Feb 2
Crescent City Fob I '
Portland | Feb 4
Czarina
Xf .'-.......
Miickin.iw
Coos Bay
Walla Walla.
Ran Mateo I
CottasreClty
Ti.,l Kn.li.
Del Norte. |
Queen I
Pomona
Wellington
XT.*.-. I. X^^w-r
North Fork
State of Cai
Orlzaha
A rc;»t;i
Honmr
San Bias . ..
A Blanehard.. . i
Alliance '■
Umatllia . . .
city of aio J...
Empire .
Santa Hcma.
Dreaceui city..
Columoia
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
MER.
rATIOVI
rlna.... ICoos Hay Jan 27. 5 pm Pier 8
eott jHumbkU Bay. Jan 2:, 9 am Pter IS
ta Rosa San D:e«ro... Jan 27, n am Pier 11
RCenl C I Crescent City. J:m 28. a pm jPW -is
nmbia.. I Portland Jan 2*. Id a m ' Pier 24
Jn Panama .. Jan 2S. Vi \i PM S3
t Bay.. ; Newport. Jan W. I am Pif>r 11
Norte.. Gray* Harbor Jan »). 12 m Pier 2
«n Alaska .J.in Mk 4 p.m Pier 9
nona.. HumbMiH.iv. !.Tan 81. 2pm Pier S»
lla Wlla Vie ftP Sound I Jan U, 10 am Pier 9
ncr . . . HumboUlt IFeb \. 'I pm Pier 9
:oofC.il Portland IFeb 2. 10 am ! Pier 24
"ta Cooh Hay. Fob 2.10 AM 1 Pier IS
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front {Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tM height of tide is the same at both places. J
JANUARY-1898
i km) i Jiiilil.li) .9.
sun rises >. . 7:17
Sim sets:.: „. ; .....: .....5:29
Hoon rises. :....... .....am
►!UiH5 Feet Tivae Feet Feet lilß^lFeet
SH Wi -! L W H_VV - X, W
Sli 6:12
L W
1 0:84
2 1:39
3 2:.T.'
4::
1:55
iH W
7:01
; 7:50
lfi *:S2
IJ «:2«.f
1.0 8:18
0.6 9:34
L W
4.9 2:43;
.S.n 3:?1
5.1 3:54
.0
j;
3.5 9:1(
5.3 !»:.V
3.4 11:21;
3.7 :
!h \v
0.3 1 10:22
0.1 10:55
0.1 11:24
.1
I
8.4!
a.r.
U
3.9
4.2
«.3
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides !
the early morning tides are given In the left
hainl column and the successive tides of the :
day in the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column fie third tide i
and the last or right hand column gives th« i
last tide of the day. except when there are but '
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
•riven are additions to the soundings on the
OHM Statei Coast Survey charU, except j
when a minus sign (-) precedes the h-lghtancj
then the number given is subtractlve from the
depth given by the charts. _^____
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United Ptat»s Hvdrocrßphlo
O'fice located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
fre» of expense.
Navigators are cordially lnvit»fi to visit the
office, where complete sets of ehnrts and sail-
Ing directions of the wwrtd ar" kept on hand
for comparison and re'erence. and the latest
Information can always fie obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean comm»?rcp.
The time ball on top of the buildlne on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes bp'ore
noon and is dropped at noon. l?<nh meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island Cal.
A notice stating whether tne time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If nny. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning nqpet-s t>>» fntir, w ing
day. W S HUGHES.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. In change.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Ofnc-. V. S. N . Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, .fanuary
Tne time ball on Telegraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon
of the 12<Hh meridian, or exactly at R r>. m.,
Greenwich time. w. B. HUGHES.
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, January 28.
Stmr Weeott, Miller. 4R hours from Crescent
City: pass and mdse to X P S S Co.
Stmr Cieone, Walvtg. 14 hours from Albion;
lumber to Relllngham Bay Improvement Co.
Stmr Coquille River, 15 hours from Fort
Brass; 3.'0 M ft lumber to Union Lumber Co.
Stmr Rival, Johnson; 15 hours from Fort
Bragg; lumber to Gray & Mitchell.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman; 44 hours from Cooa
Bay; mdse to .T D Spreckels & Bros. Co.
U S Btmr Thomas Corwln, Herring; 6 day*
from San Diego.
Ship Iroquols, Taylor; 188 days from Phila*
delphla; mdse to Johnson-Locke Mer Co.
Bark Carondelet, Stetson: 7 days from Port
Gamble; lumber to Pope & Talbot.
Bark Merom, Pederson, 7*£ days from Ever
ett, via Port Angeles 5Vs days; lumber to
Healy. Tibbitts & Co.
Bark Carrolton, Jones, 9 days from Nan
almo; 2310 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's
Sons.
Schr Amethyst. Johannsen, hence Jan 25; ,
returned on account of losing mate overboard.* J
Schr Glendale, Johnson, 11 days from New
Whatcom. via Clallam Bay 6 days; lumber to
Belllngham Bay Improvement Co.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, January 28.
Stmr Peru, Friele. Hongkong and Yokoha
ma, via Honolulu. P M S S Co.
Aub stmr Burma. Mikullclch, Nanaimo, John
Rosenfeld's Sons.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego,
Goodall. Terkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Cousins, Eureka. Goodall, Per
kinß & Co.
SAILED.
Wednesday, January 28.
Stmr Peru, Friele, Hongkong and Yokohama,
via Honolulu.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanalmo.
Stmr Pomona, Cousins. Eureka.
Stmr Alcatrar, Gunderson.
Stmr Greenwood. Eagerlund.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Arcata, Leod, Coos Bay.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen. Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Tug Rescue, Thompson. Puget Sound.
Br ship Kilmory. Fergerson, Algoa Bay.
Brig W G Irwln, Williams, Honolulu.
Schr Volant. Krog. TUlamook.
Schr Nettie Sundberg. Johnson.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Fisks Mills.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Iversens Landing
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— IO p. m.— Weather clean
wind NW, velocity 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Adam W Spies loads sugar at Hilo for
New York; Iroquois, sugar, at Honolulu, for
New York; America, coal, at Departure Bay,
for this port; B P Cheney, coal, at Taeoma,
for this port: Newsboy, lumber at Chemalnus,
for Taku, 60s; Pass of Killecrankle, wheat, at
Taeoma. for South Africa, 38s 9d; Roby,
wheat, at Portland, for England, 37s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Per ship Iroquois— Nov 24, lat 56:08 long 89:4 i
W, Br ship Miltonburn, hence Bept 18, for
Queenstown. Dec 2— Lat 48:50 long 82 W. Br
bark Craiglands, from Jnuin for Falmouth.
Jan 22— Lat 85:18 N long 131:25 "W, Br ship
Roby, from San Diego. Dec lg— Lat 9 8 lonjf
— , Br ship Andreta, from Oregon for Queens
town. Dec 2— Lat 49 N long 54 W, Br ship
Barflllan, hence Sept 15 for Queenstown. Nov
21 — Off Cape Horn. Br ship Howth, hence Sept
7, for London. Deo 26 — Anchored at Dela
goda Point. Strait of Magellan, schr Nellie
G Thurston. from New York for Cooks Inlet.
RETURNED.
Wednesday, January 28.
Schr Viking. Peterson, hence Jan 15. Grays
Harbor, returned on account of carrying away
foremast head Jan 24 at 8 a. m., 100 miles
west of Crescent City, during a heavy NW
gale; put back for repairs.
DOMESTIC PORTS. \
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 26— Ship Wachusett.
for San Francisco; Btmr Santa Cruz, for Alas
ka; Nor bark Imperatoror, Queenstown.
VENTURA— Arriver Jan 26— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Jan 25.
Sailed — Jan 26— Stmr Geo Loomls. for Ban
Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Jan 26— Schr John A, for
San Francisco: schr Serena Thayer, for San
Pedro: schr Bertie Minor, for Newport.
HUENEME— Sailed Jan 26— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
CLALLAM BAY— In port Jan 26— Bktn Kli
kitat, from Honolulu, for Port Gambia.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 26— Stmr Proteo
tion, hence Jan 20, for Seattle; ship Spartan,
from Seattle for San Francisco: ship Wachu
sett. from Seattle for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Jan 26— Schr Bar
bara Hernster from Monterey.
HUENEME- Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Scotia.
TILLAMOOB— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr New«
boy, hence Jan SL
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Jan 26— Schr Orient,
for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— PaIIed Jan 26— Br ship Dur
bridge. for Queenstown; ship Russ, Hoppet,
for Queenstown.
Arrived Jan 26— Ship Geo Stetson, from Bal
timore.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan 26— H R M itmr
Pheasant, from cruise.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Protection,
hence Jan 20.
FOREIGN PORTS.
RIO r>E JANElßO— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr
New England .from Boston, for Vancouver.
FREEMANTLE— Arrived— Br Bark Rose, fm
Port Blakeley.
COLON— Sailed Jan 24— Stmr Alllanca, for
New York. _
BREMEN— Arrived Jan 26— Stmr Karlsruhe*
from New York. DISASTER
LONDON, Jan 2T«— Br hark Craig Elvan. frra
Iquiqui, struck and foundered at Sicly Islands
this morning. No lives lost.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 26— Stmrs Bt.
Louis, for Southampton; Majestic, for Liver
pool; Noordland, for Antwerp; Norge, for
Copenhagen.
IMPORTATIONS.
COOS BAY— Per Czarina— ll6o tons coal. 21
pkgs bottles. 972 bxs apples. 200 sks potatoes.
7 bxs butter, 13 cs eggs, 1 cp chickens. 5 dry
hides,. 12 bales flannels. 2 cb shoes. 1 cs pic
tures. I bx cracksrs, 2 pkgs express, 2 pkgs
coin. 41 pkgs mdse.
PHILADELPHIA— Per Iroquois- 9 csi har<l c
ware, 6 pkgs agricultural implements. 194SF
tons coal, 300 tons pig iron, 9600 pipe staves.
50 bbls salad oil. 11 cs 19% sks glassware. 235
bbls sulp copper. 50 cs tapioca, mo cs lye. 17
bbls p fittings. 500 hbls 90 cs 60 pkgs resin oil,
400 cs 200 pi axU 1 grease.
CRESCENT CITT — Per Weeott— l6o M lum
ber 111 lumber. 1 cp chickens, 1 pkg mdse.
Eureka— l 7 pkgs mdse, 1 lot Junk. 2cs crock
ery. 3 pkgs castings, 36 sks 4 bales moss, 1 cs
LIVERPOOL— Per Clan Galbraith— 7 csks
whisky. ."> OCt do, 14f> cfl do, I hgds do, 8% csk
; do 1 cs metal trays, ."•" frames felt, 22 cs.
■ mustard, 20 chalk, 50 bbls bleaching powder.
1 f.l csks magnesia. 1 cs ginger ale. 350 bbls do,
6. r > cs ale. 4 hgds do. 500 cs stout. 19 csks
oxide zinc. 37.*. Os beer. 1 cs porcelain. ?~.o*l
hxs tin plate. 163 cs window glass. 2 cs books,
1 cs prints, 100 drums caustic. 10 csks muriate
nmmnria. 59 bbls sait!>et-r. MO csks soda
crystals. 244 tons coke, 53 cs alum, 6 cs stones,
14 "cs mdse, 105 pkgs do, 198 bgs canary seed,
13 bdls cordage. 10 cs monuments, ifiO kgs
paint, 2SO bbls do, 70 hf bhls soda water. 4 cs
tooth paste. 4 cs household goods., 65 cs oilman
25 csks do. 1 bx carriage. 52 bxs caustic soda,
260 drums do. 20 bbls do, 50 csks bleaching
powder, E csks palm oil. 73 cs glauber salts.
t csks muriate ammonia, 50 tons pig iron, 20
libls baryns. MM sks salt, 140 bbls alum 21
bbls wool grease, 600 cs Venetian red. 42n csks
f>'ida ash. 936 bgs sulphate ammonia, 100 kgs
hypophosphate so.la. 29 csks red, 55 hf pipes
olives. K2 anvils, 38 csks grease, 2 cs arrow
root, 340 pkgs earthemvar.-.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Weott— D C T Perkins: Standard Oil Co;
C P Doe & Co: H O Miders; Oakland Iron
Works: J \V Reivers; Yates & Co; J H Hoff
man: J E Murphy.
Per Czarina— D Spreckels & Bros: McDon
ough & Runyon; II Warfl.Md: Hunt. Hatch &
Co; ThosLoughran: Hills Bros; Marshall & Co;
W C Price & Co; Bandon Woolen Mills; Cahn.
Nlckelshurg * Co: Sanborn. Vail & Co; Union
Brewery: Standard Oil Co; Portland Cracker
Co; Roth & Co: Wells. Fargo & Co; N Van
Borgan & Co; Wcllman, Peck & Co. .
Per Iroquols— Locke Mer Co- Wood
& Little: J H Spolin.
Per Clan Galbraith— Balfour. Guthrte & Co;
Chas : Meinecke & Co: Sloss & Scott: Dodge
Sweeney & Co; London & S F Bank; G M
Josselyn & Co; Redlngton & Co: Anglo-Amer
ican Crockery • & Glassware & Co ; Anglo-Cali
fornia Bank; Wangrcnheim & Sternheim • S I
Jones & Co; Cerf. Sloss ft Co; A J Branden-w
« Jn & Co: W H Campbell: P, H Ames & Co- If
Goldberg. Bowen & Co: William Wolf & Co 1 "
Bank of British North America: Sanborn. Vail
x< i. >: A V D £ laussen : Pacific Union Club:
« ? '^°,i Crown, -Distillery Co: Swayne &
Hoyt; Mlddleton. & Co; It E Banks; Forbes
Bros; Sherwood & Sherwood : J Hope; Chaa
? 2P« chulze: » P J I>onohue; Mr Gonstiane;
w«F i £ res i . : T Murphy. Grant & Co; Palace
Hotel; order. John Hindat ' .c'"-'ENABLED TO
HELP McKENNA
Hon. Frank A. Leach
Back From the Na
tion's Capital.
Will Be No Cutting of Wages
in the San Francisco
Mint.
The Superintendent Anxious to Rest
After Thirty-Seven Years 1
Newspaper Work.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 26.
Hon. Frank A. Leach, Superintendent
of the San Francisco Mint, has re
turned from "Washington and says that
as a result of his visit to the Secretary
of the Treasury there will be no reduc
tion in the wages of the employes of
the Mint.
"The order reducing wages of the
employes in the Mint 25 per cent was
made of course in the name of the Sec
retary, but in all probability it was
suggested by subordinates. I knew that
the labor situation on the Coast and
the wages which obtained here were
not known at Washington and that all
that would be required was to bring
the situation here to the knowledge of
the S ■ n tary of the Treasury.
"Mr. Hllborn is working hard on his
bill to get a public Federal building for
Oakland. He is putting forth every
effort to attain his object. There will
be opposition in the House on the score
of economy, but this will not deter Mr
Hilborn.
"I arrived in Washington in time to
do something for Judge McKenna, who
is an old p.-rsonal friend. The objec
tion to him was under consideration,
and I was able to say something to
Borne of the Senators about him. My
opinions as a newspaper man were of
great assistance in Indorsing what had
been said by other Californians. Allen
of Nebraska violently opposed Mc-
Kenna, but I believe did not vote
against him after all. Mr. Waymire
of Alameda is talked about at Wash
ington, but it was acknowledged that
nfter the President had placed Mr-
Kenna on the Supreme bench he could
not take another man from California
find put him into the Cabinet. Peo>
ho have talked with Mr. McKin
ley about Wayraire have an idea that
some office will be found for him."
Mr. Leu eh was asked concerning an
article in The Call, published this
morning, relating to the possible sale of
the Knquirer to people who were inter
ested In the gubernatorial situation,
and saying he was anxious to retire
from active newspaper work.
"About two months ago."' he said, "a
man named Williams came to me and
asked if the Enquirer was for sale. I
told him it was to any person who
would pay my pri^e. I learned after
iliat O. B. Daniels was interested
with him. and some time later when I
saw Dr. Pardee he said that he did not
think it likely they were trying to se
cure the paper in his interests, as he
knew nothing about it. I am tired of
politics and yet I shall take an interest
in them as a matter of public duty.
When a man has hwn in the newspa
per business for thirty-seven years, and
Is over fifty years of age. h>> feels as if
he would like to take a rest, and that
is the way I feel."
NUNAN'S WAR
TRUMP HEARD
He Shouts That There Is a
Plot in Democratic
Politics.
Prospects of Bed War in the Stnte
Central Committee Meet
ing.
There Is every promise that when
Chairman Alford's gavpl signals order at
the meeting of the Democratic State
Central Committee at the California Ho
tel on Saturday morning it will strike
fire an<3 that a regulation Democratic
row will promptly begin.
It is generally understood and expected
that th» dropping from the roll of the
forty-two members who did not pay that
$30 campaign assessment will be insisted
upon by the representatives and friends
of the Sullivan Democracy. The issue
will be squarely presented on roll call.
and the engagement will open promptly.
The first note <>f th« war trumpet has
been sounded by Colonel J. J. Nunan.
member of the committee and partner of
Harbor Commissioner Colnon In the
Stockton Mail. A long and vigorous cir
cular from him to the members of the
committee reached the local members
yesterday. He. jumps on the suspected
programme like a buck on a rattlesnake,
and appeals to the members to attend in
person.
The vigorous Democratic editor recites
the fact that the only official notice of
the meeting was en obscure, advertise
ment printed one time in the Examiner,
"a peculiar method." Notices Hent by
mail would have cost a total of $2 "o. "The
manner thus adopted in calling the meet
ing therefore naturally arouses suspi
cion."
"Rumors are Quito general," contin
ues the appeal, "that the purpose of the
meeting Is to drop from the roll of
membership forty-two members who it
Is said failed to pay the assessment
levied during the campaign of 1896. In
this connection it might be also proper
to say that those who apparently favor
this course seem very anxious to give
out the Impression that the most of
these forty-two members represent San
Francisco.
It is declared that but six of the
twenty-eight San Francisco members
are delinquent, leaving thirty or more of
the interior. Sir. Nunan wants to know
why country members should pay ass
essments anyway when they spend time
and money to attend meetings, while
San Francisco members board at home
and likely walk. It is shown to be an
unjust and undemocratic scheme. The
members are direct representatives of
the people, should not be removed ex
cept for grave cause and then vacancies
should be filled by county committees.
Why should forty-two be humiliated?
Then the Colonel sounds the key note of
the issue: \
"The proceeding savors of some plot.
"Is It possible that the wires are being
pulled in an - effort to control 'tin
works,' and capture the Democratic
State Central Committee?
"A shrewd and cunning diplomat is at
work, under cover, and possibly several
shrewd, cunning 1 diplomats jointly are
in a combination."
Then there is this analysis: There are
10S members representing the people and
elected at congressional and county con
ventions, and twenty-one at largo named
by the chairman. Removing forty-two
leaves eighty-seven members, and twen
ty-three members representing the voters
The Perfume of Violets I
The purity of the lily, the glow of the rose./
and the flush of Hebe combine ia Pozzotii'mi
wondrous Powder. r
and the twenty-one appointed by the
chairman would give a majority which
would elect forty-two new members.
"Every Indication points to an effort
being made to control the State Central
Committee, and the parties engaged In ]
the attempt realize possibly that such j
control is impossible with the membership
existing. Therefore the necessity to make
removals in order to further "their am- :
bition."
It is on these lines that a lot of big j
Democrats nre stirring their boots, and it
is on these lines that the forces are lining
up. There may lie a governorship at
stake and there may be the local machine ,
at stake.
Uses Foul Language.
Alexander Campbell, a young man j
ahout 25 years of age, was sentenced by
Judge Conlan yesterday to pay a fine of j
$100. with the alternative of 100 days in
the County Jail, for using vulgar lan- ;
puape to a young man and a young lady j
on Monday. The Judge said that Camp
bell had the foulest mouth of any human
t.-Mng he had ever seen. The defend
ant's father, who is a physician in the
Mission, had him arrested some time ago
and banished him from his hnrae owing
to his foul language and bad conduct.
RESULT OF A
CONFESSION
F. C. Kretzer Charged With
Murder by the
Police.
He Threw a Brick at Charles C-
Koelling With Fatal
Effect.
Frank C. Kretzer was formally
charged with murder at the City Pris
on yesterday by Detectives Dillon and
Reynolds who have been for some days
working on the case.
When Kretzer was arrested in Val
lejo on a warrant charging him with
burglary in Fresno he confessed, as was
then stated exclusively in The Call.
that he had murdered Charles C. Koel
ling in this city on May 30, 1895. It
was thought at first that Kretzer was
simply "bluffing" to escape being ta
ken to Fresno, but subsequent develop
ments showed that he was telling the
truth.
The detectives found an Important
witness yesterday. Seldon Orchard, a
bricklayer, was foreman at the time
for Koelling. He stated yesterday that
he remembered Kretzer and three or
four other men coming to 943 Folsom
street, where Koelling and his men
were building an oven. Kretzer be
gan to criticize the men's work and
called them 'scabs." Koelling ordered
him away, but he refused. Koelling
then attempted to eject him, but failed.
Koelling went to the Southern police
station and made a complaint against
Kretzer, but was told to swear to a
warrant for his arrest in the Police
Court.
Koelling returned to the building and
Kretzer and his friends had gone.
; About an hor- later, when the men
; were knocking off work, Kretzer re
turned, and seizing a brick threw it at
I Koelling. It struck him on the head.
i knocking him down. Kr.tzer ran home
! and remained in hiding for a few days
till he learned that Koelling had died.
; He left the city and went to Vacaville.
i Detective Dan Coffey went there after
him, but some of his friends gave him
i the tip and he skipped out for Suisun.
i From Suisun he went to Woodland,
then to Sacramento and finally settled
in Fresno, where he is wanted for
burglary.
The police Mill also have the evl
j dence of Dr. Kuegler who attended
: Koelling, and of Killing's widow who
i is at present housekeeper at the Golden
i West Hotel. Besides these there will
|be the witnesses who testified at the
| Coroner's inquest.
AN UNSEEN COMMANDER.
The superstitions of the men who go down to thp sea In ships have
been made the subject for the humor of all of the laughter-loving
portion of the civilized world. Yet those whose vocations or roving
instincts have made them the companions and confidants of sailors
know that the sea is replete with well authenticated stories of ac
tual occurrences which cannot be explained by any natural law or un
derstood by any course of logical reasoning.
A few years ago there lived in a cozy little rose-embowered cot
tage on the outskirts of Oakland an old retired naval captain, who,
when he was a young lieutenant attached to the European squadron',
had an experience which was, to say the least, rather extraordinary!
The vessel on which he was serving at the time of the Incident In
the capacity of navigating officer, was bound up the Mediterranean to
investigate the report of an insult to the American flag, which floated
over one of America's consulates in that part of the globe.
Four bells struck and the lieutenant left the wardroom, where he
had been sitting, listening to the customary Saturday night yarns of
sweethearts and wives, to take the second dog watch. On arriving on
deck he found the weather exceptionally fine and the vessel moving
briskly along with everything set and the yards slightly braced to
catch the gentle breeze which was fanning them from a few points
abaft the beam.
Everything pointed to a pleasant watch and a quiet "all night in"
when his* short two hours should come to an end. Not a cloud was
In the sky to dim the luster of the new moon shining down from its
setting In the heavens, and dimming with its refulgence the splendor
of the stars until they appeared but tiny specks of light In the grad
ually deepening canopy of purple. The men were gathered In groups
forward playing games, singing songs, telling stories or sitting idly
by and watching the antics of the ship's boys who were playing mon
key tricks and skylarking with one another; while the occasional note
of a guitar or refrain of a song floating up from below, reminded
those above that the wardroom was taking Its share of the license
allowed during a Saturday night dog watch.
Suddenly, as the officer was pacing the deck, his quiet was dis
turbed by a voice which seemed to come from directly behind him
and which said, "Take in sail." He turned quickly, but seeing no one
there, put the matter down to imagination and resumed his walk. A
few minutes elapsed when again he heard the command, "Take in
sail." This time he knew tbjit his fancy had not played him a trick
but. though he looked carefully around the broad expanße of deck, he
could see no one near enough to have thus addressed him. An uncanny
feeling began to steal over him and a premonition of coming evil
forced itself upon him against his will.
While still in this nervous state of uncertain expectancy he again
heard the voice, this time directly at his side, and in a tone so loud
as to put all doubt to flight, "Take in everything at once or it will be
too late."
The now thoroughly frightened officer hesitated no longer; and
though It is against the naval regulations for a subordinate to do any
thing more than slightly shorten sail without notifying his command
er, he sprang to the break of the poop and sang out, "Forward
there! Topgallant and royal halyards; man clewlines and buntlines
stand by jib-halyards and down hauls. All the watch to take in sail."
With the strict discipline that has made our navy the finest in the
world, the men sprang to obey the unexpected order. Jibs came rat
tling down and square sails were clewed up as though by magic; and
at the command of the shrill piping whistles, the t'gallant and royal
yard men sprang aloft to make everything snug.
But hardly had they got Into the tops when the order came for
them to lay down again and the last hardly reached the deck when one
of the terrific hurricanes common* to those latitudes broke out of the
clear sky.
It taught the ship right abeam and keeled her over until her
lee rail was buried out of sight, and the water raced aft as high as the
combings of the hatches, in a hissing, seething, boiling flood.
With an effort the ship righted herself and for the two succeed
ing days rode out one of the worst gales that it was ever her lot to
encounter.
Had not the officer obeyed the command of the unseen voice, the
ship, with the canvas she was carrying, would have been capsized by
the force of the blow so suddenly that not one of her complement
would have lived to tell the tale.
When the facts of the above story were told to the writer, a few
years ago, by the officer himself, the old gentleman, on concluding hiß
narration, said: "I tell you this story, my boy, because last night I
heard the same voice say "that my watch was ended and 'twas time
to pipe below." The next afternoon he was found dead in his chair.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1898.
IN THE REALTY
BROKERS'REALM
Dealers Encouraged by
Good Inquiry During
the Week.
"Inside" Property Has the
Upper Hand, While Country
Lands Go Slowly.
Only Small Sales Reported of Late.
Record Review, Auctions and
Random Notes.
When real estate prices are low there
always seems a disposition on the part
of intending purchasers to hold aloof
and wait until the market has reached
bedrock, in which cheerless state it has
been for many moons. But when the
tide turns buyers rush, helter-skelter,
to purchase before the change for the
better becomes very marked.
Dealers predict that the turning point
is here, evidenced by better sales, bet
ter inquiry and a far better outlook.
Inquiry, showing as it does that sales
will soon follow, has been especially
good for the past week. The market,
however, is practically only for "in
side" lands as yet. Country lands go
slowly, and generally sales are for
large tracts.
It is confidently expected that the
present Klondike excitement will con
tribute its quota to help the scales
lower on the side of prosperity in the
realty line. Several large sales may be
reported by next week.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
The following were the principal mort
gages recorded during the week:
By Isaack Kohn to Henry E. Bothin.
$17,000 for one year, at 7 per cent, on prop
erty on the south line of Sacramento
street, 98:9 west of Davis, 30x130; La So
clete Francalse to Robert White, $0000 for
two years, at 6\t per cent, on property on
the northwest corner of Octavia street
and Olive avenue, 30x110; Hibernia Bank
to Charles E. Ehmann. $35,000 for one
year, at 6V4 per cent, on property on the
northwest line of Brannan street, 187
northeast of Third, 22xS0; George E. Eh
mann to same, $6000 under above condi
tions on same property; Humboldt Batik
to Sophia A. Beckedorff. $29,900 for two
years, at 6% per cent, on property on the
west corner of Folsom and Russ streets.
50x100, and the west corner of Folsom and
Alois and Francis Lejeal, $40,000 for one
Sixth streets. 75x30; Hibernia Bank to
year, at 'il-;i 1 -; per cent, on property on the
northwest corner of Jones and Eddy
streets. 57:6x137:6; same to Bertha Gal
land, $6000 for one year, at C*4 per cent, on
property on the south line of Sutter
street. 52:6 west of Larkin. 22:6x70; same
to Fanny S. Downing, $8000 for one year
at 6' 2 per cent, on property on the south
east corner of Twenty-fourth and Castro
streets, 114x80; same to Thomas Magee,
$37,500 for one year, at 6& per cent, on
property on the northeast corner of Six
teenth and Valencia streets, 100x70, and
on the northeast corner of Van Ness
avenue and Eddy street, 30x109; W. S.
Jones, J. B. Lincoln and James Otis
(trustees of the estate of A. C. Whit
comb) to Frederick J. Vetter, $50,000 for
five years at o per cent, on property on
the southeast line of Market street, 75
southwest of Sixth, 50x90; Humboldt Bank
to Ly Quong (by Ly Chew, attorney),
$14,000 for one year, at V£ per cent, on
property on the north line of Washington
street, 59:10& east of Stockton, 71:0^x
113:6.
The following releases were for com
paratively large amounts:
From the Humboldt Bank to William
F. Wilson, $25,000 on property on the
northeast corner of Stockton street and
HONORS TO A SAN FRANCISCAN.
Frank A. Jones, the New Vice-President of the National Marine
Engineers' Association.
Frank A. Jones, chief engineer of the steamer North Fork, has been
elected vice-president of the National Marine Engineers' Association, which
met at Willard's Hotel, Washington, D. C, on January 17, being chosen
to succeed J. J. Pearey. Mr. Jones Is one of the best-known marine engineers
on the Coast. He is past president of local branch No. 35, and has been
elected delegate to the national convention for four successive years.
He came to California in 1577 on the steamer South Carolina, and has
been running out erf this port ever since. In 1885 he superintended the con
struction of the steamers Cosmopol's and North Fork, accepting the posi
tion of chief engineer of the latter up«.-n her completion, which position he
has filled ever since. Mr. Jones has not yet returned from the national con
vention, but his arrival will be duly celebrated by his associates in the local
branch, who without exception heartily rejoice In his selection as national
vice-president. Mr. Jones is still a young man, being but 42 years of age.
Stockton place. I<*) by 50 by 20 by 20 hy SO
by 30; German Bank to Jacob J. and Julia
Raver, Sl^.ical on property on the north
line of Ellis street, 165 west of Gough.
55 by 191; lsaack Kohn to Henry E.
Bothin. $17,000 on property on the south
line of Sacramento street. I*:9 west of
I>uvis. n by 130; Guardian Loan Associa
tion to Edward J. lOatlng. $6«0 on prop
erty on thf north line of Clay street,
aat of Walnut. 30 by 127:8 14,:1 4 ,: George
W. Hermann and Christian S. Hofatetter
idi -vi- of Bmllie S'tiner) to Paul
J. B. Stelivr, $Sji»» on vari«o:* city par
cels: W'intielil S. Jones and James Otis to
Alfred Vetter, $43..t00 on property on the
southeast line of Market Btreet, 75 south
west of Sixth. GO by 90.
UNDER THE HAMMER.
The following salts are reported by
Shainwald. Buekbee & Co. as made at
their probate auction sale, ordered by
Public Administrator PretN, held yes
terday, all being subject to confirmation
by the Superior Court:
Lot EtaiS.at 118 and SB Ritch street. with
ten flats. $47"hi; lot 47x60, southeast corner
of Jones and Broadway, with two franv
tenements, $2l (i >"; lot 2?.xl00, west line of
Clinton avenue. 3c»J feet south of Berk
shire street. $100: lot 3f>xlso. on south line
of Prospect place, 330:9 feet west of Col
umbia place, $150; lot £2x70, on east line
of Valencia str<-»-t. ::isfeet north of Seven
teenth, with store and two flats, $5000:
lot 24xs2:tJ. on west lino of Polk street. 4h
feet south of Fulton, with three data,
$4900; lot 2oxSo, on south line of T'.-rry
street, between Fourth and Tlfth. No. 218.
with two-story house. $147.; lot 30:6 2-3 x
1*54:1, on north line of Butter street. 137:6
feet west of Scott. $3250; lot 4rtxlO«> on
south line of Twenty-fourth street. 40 feet
Of York, with two-st ry. hay-win
di.w hoiisi-. ng>; lot G0.7£x«5. 24x70. on
north line of Merritt street. 36.37 east of
Rose, wit^ two cottages, $n<-.i; lot 45;10x
137:fi. on northeast line of Spear street.
183:4 northwest of Folsom. 16260: lot 35:6 x
li«i. on southeast corner of Clay and
■ nworth str."-ts. with two stores and
five Hats. $11,000; lot 60x109, on north lineof
Rlpley place, 22.> north of Folaom, with
two-story house. $325: lot 25x75. lot 9
block 11. Silver avenue, near Railroad
avenue, $40; lot 150x120. on east line of
Twenty-eighth avenue, 108 feet south of
J street, $3M»; lot 101x66:10, on north Une
of Cl«rnont street, between Seventeenth
and Eighteenth avenues', ISO; lot 25x120
on east line of Eighth avenue 75 feet
south of Clement. $6.'0: lots 27. 2* 29 and
30 on Ford stre.-t. block 11. $130; lot 15x100
No. 27, block 4. Monticello street $2i>
lots 14. 15. lfi and 34. block 8, on Sweenev
and Hale streets, near Merrill. $«n- lot 26
block 4, Garen street, near King, $15.
KANDOM NOTES.
The McCarthy Company reports the
•ale of a portion of its Hollenbeck ranch
Southern California property, being the
1-mon and orange portion of the prop
erty, consisting of sixty acres, to an
Eastern man now in Lor Anpeles of the
name of C. W. Bram. This is a portion
of the large Hollenbeck ranch of three
thousand acres, owned by the Mc-
Carthys, out of which MveraJ tracts
have been sold by them during the past
year and other portions are being sub
divided into small fruit ranches to be
placed upon the market. The property
is in the well-known fruit district of Co
vina. about twenty-five miles from Los
Angeles and directly opposite the Santa
Anita ranch of "Lucky Baldwin.
El Cerlto Land Company has sold
George R. Shrevo four acres of land in
the tract formerly known ns the Bowie
tract, near San Mateo, for $8000 Mr
Shreve intends to build a summer resi
dence at a cost of $10,000 or $i.".ooo Bald
win & Howell were the brokers.
The old Postofflce site on the southeast
corner of Eleventh street find Telegraph
avenue, Oakland, has been sold by the
San Francisco Savings Union for $8000
The same institution has also sold °4i'i
acres of Tulare County property three
mii<-s north of Vlsalia, for $4tcn," and 160
acres sixteen miles east of Fresno for
Alfred K. Durbrow ha» bought for
himself and Mrs. Ophelia M. Verplank
from the estate of Mrs. Emma Durhrow
the premises on the northwest corner of
Commercial and Front streets for $33 811
The sale was made to hasten the settle
ment of the estate, both' purchasers be
ing heirs.
O. D. Baldwin & Son have sold the lot
25:6x87, on the southeast corner of Cole
and Mohler streets, for $7200.
A three-story frame building to cost
$6000. will be erected on Baker street be
tween Halght and Page, for C ' F
Knickerbocker, who will also construct
Shr'a^S^o.T Pa *° Btreet ' betWeen
REV. MR. DAVIS' FINANCES.
James Stewart SeeKs to hfave a
Little Matter Set Right.
OAKLAND. Jan. 26.— Jamea Stewart
called at the District Attorney's office
to-day to tell of a financial trouble he
had had with Rev. Edwards Davis. Mr
Stewart said he came to Oakland with
his family partly on the representations
of Rev. Mr. Davis, with whose church he
united on his arrival. Soon after coming
to Oakland Stewart told Davis that he
had $100 In cash, and the minister ad
vised him to deposit it In a bank.
After this transaction an arrangement
was made by which Davis took the bank
receipt and gave Stewart a promissory
note, and when the latter called at the
bank the note was not honored. He then
went to Mr. Davis, told him the situation
and the minister paid him $70 on thf note
When tho circumstances were explained
to Mr. Melvln he said that the payment
of the $70 would act an a compromise in
the proceeding, and that the balance
might l»e collected by civil suit. Mr. Mel
vln. however, will wrltf to the minister
and advise him that the balance should
be paid.
The facsimile /f+*\ <>~ *■ on every wrapper
signature of +*M//sf74tf&Ute of CASTOHIA.
MANAGER BROWN
BECOMES BOLD
Openly Attacks the Athletics
Committee of the
Faculty.
Declares That They Are Not Work
ing for th« Interests of Uni
versity Athletics.
BERKELEY, Jan. 26.— Everett J. Brown
was to-day- unanimously re-elected foot
ball manager for the season of IS9S. In
his speech of acceptance Brown vigor
ously roasted the athletics committee of
the faculty as at present constituted.
Professors Bacon, Clapp and Edwards
ar>- tae members of the^commlttee which
Brown declares is not acting in the Inter
ests of athletics nor trying to benefit true
sport. There is a growing sentiment at
the university In favor of reconstructing
the committee, with Professors Edwards.
Magee and Cloman as members. Presi
dent Kellogg will probably soon be re
qoested to make the change.
There has been considerable friction be
tween Brown as football manager and
Professors Bacon and Clapp. Brown's
recent attack on Yale m'en and Tata
methods was supposed to have been
aimed at Clapp and P.acon, both of whom
are Yale alumni.
CAPTAIN HEALEY'S FUNERAL.
Last Tribute of Respect to the
Popular Officer.
The funeral of the late Captain H. S.
Healey, clerk to the Police Commission
ers, was held from his residence. Fif
teenth and Mission streets, to Cypress
Lawn Cemetery yesterday afternoon.
The servi.es at tho residence and at the
prave were conducted by Rev. Dr. Rader.
The Police Choral Society sang. "Still.
Still With Thee," and "Lo, the Seal of
Death Is Breaking," at the house, and
brought tears to the eyes of many of the
mourners by the pathetic manner in
which they were rendered.
Three companies, under the command
respectively of Captains Wlttman, Spil
lane and Gillen, acted as an escort, and
among those at the funeral were Chief
Lees, ex-Chief Crowley, Auditor Brod
erlck and Police Commissioner Gun«t.
There were a large number of beautiful
and costly floral offerings. The pall-bear
ers were: Sergeants Donovan, M. O. An
derson and G. B. Baldwin; Policemen T.
<\ Murphy, O. B. Merrick. O. C. Phillips.
S. Orr, R. Graham and J. L. Murphy, and
Detective Harry Reynolds.
The Police Commissioners met last
night, but Immediately adjourned out of
respect to the memory of Captain Healey.
HIGH SCHOOL MATTERS.
Proposition to Be Made to Bond
thje City for $75,000 to Pay
for a New Building.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 2fi.— A Joint meeting of
the Board of Education and the special
committee of thirteen appointed to de
vise ways and means for relieving the
overcrowded condition of the public
schools was held last evening. President
Scott of the board addressed the gather
ing. He favored a new High School
building, and said that the proposition
was to have a bond issue of $75,000, of
which $60,000 would be expended in the
new building. $10,000 for a lot for it and
the remainder for fixtures and improve
ments upon the old structures. The mat
ter was gone into at considerable length
and Suprintendent Sullivan went into de
tail to show the reasons why a new build
ing of the kind proposed for the accom
modation of the High School was de
sirable.
It was finally decided that the commit
tee should be given an object lesson upon
the condition of the department, and it
was planned that they should visit the
various schools and see for themselves
their needs. This will be done on Satur
day next, and the committee will meet
again next Tuesday evening.
City Trustees' Meeting.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 2G.— The Board of City
Trustees met In committee of the whole
last evening to dismiss various matters of
public interest. Tho question of widening
Railroad avenue to conform with the
grade throughout was taken up. and It
was conceded that something should be
done, but no plan was formulated. The
proponed change in the making of requi
sitions and the purchase and delivery of
supplies came up. and it was found that
the system was already In operation In
some of the departments, while In others
the Trustees had no control. The fact
developed that no change could be made
unless it were brought about by the
Treasurer refusing to fash warrants on
tho ground thnt due precaution had not
been used !n making them out. It is
probable that something of this kind will
be done and that thr> safeguards In use
in banks with a similar object will he
adopted in the city's business to prevent
forgery and raising of warrants, as has
been the done in tho rase of the library.
Incidentally it was decided that the li
brary books should be experted during
the period that Mr. Harbourne was libra
rlan.
MURDER AT TRACEY
TRACET, Jan. 27.— Thomas Gaffery
was shot and seemingly mortally j
wounded by Joseph Byrnes in the for- ;
mer's saloon at 1:30 o'clock. Five stots
were fired, three taking effect, one in
either arm and one below the heart. At
this hour he is still alive, but the doc- <
tor's say he cannot survive. Byrnea
has gone to Stockton to give himself
up. Both are old residents.
John Noonan. 654 Oak street, reported
to the police yesterday that his house was
entered by burglars a few nights ago and
about $2uo worth of articles stolen. En- i
trance was effected by forcing open one
of the back windows.
FOR
ALASKA AND PUfiET SOUND.
THE STAUNCH SHIP "LUCILE" (in tow),
Will leave San Francisco February 2, taking a limited amount of
freight, horses, etc., for Dyea and Skaguay ; also freight for Seattle
and Tacoma.
AGENTS : 123 CALIFORNIA STREET, ROOM 13.
TELEPHONE— 5842.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
flflCwl*'""' KEABXT J*T. Established
■nrVln 1554 for the treatment of Private
fl^^^^V Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
3hQ disease riug on bodyand mind and
■ Skin Diseases. I'hodoctorcureswhen
j^^^H' >^^(>i!'. Try him. Charges low.
- „. Currieuaranlrfd. or write.
Dr. J. W. (.iltllOV Box 1957. San Francisco. |
OCEAN TBAVEIi.
©■■mill TheS.S.ALAMEPA
• vHHII. palls vl » HONOLULU
its-naii« and AUCKLAND for
■ SYDNEY. Thursday,
O^j^ll.l " 1 February 3. at 2p. m.
oMCuroSnD l^ S " S - AUSTRALIA.
for HONOLULU only.
(OlTlßfjf/U* Thursday. February
17 at 2 p m Special
party rates.
Line to COOLGAKDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, Booth Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf JRaßk-.
San Francisco, as follows: 43£Smt
For ports In Alaska. 9 a. m.. Jan. 1. 6, 11. 18,
11. 26. 81, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C.). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
, New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay. Wash.). 9
'. a. m.. Jan. 1. 6. 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. and every
i fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
| with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
! Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
! pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m., Jan. 1. 5, 10. 14. IS, 22, 28. Jl.
Feb. 4. 8. 12, 16. 20. 25. 29.
; For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cm-
' yucos. Pert Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavt-
ofa. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.m.. Jan. 1. 5. 9. IS. 17. 21. 25. 29.
l and ivory fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Aperies and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m., Jan. 3, 7, 11. 15, 19, 23. 27. 81. and every
i fourth toy thereafter.
For Knsenada. Matrdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
' ralla and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
M of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
| nr ,,l >>rmr« of Ffltltnp.
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
OOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
r> o ir. t l J^. IX ID
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF SI2 First Class Including Berth
TARE <t S Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILTNOS:
State of California Jan. 23, Feb. 2. 12. 22
■i Columbia ...Tan. 2S. Feb. 7, 17, 27
i Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new). 42 North _ms~^
■ River, foot of : "orton st. Travelers <^TTr>
by this line avoid both transit by *as»»«s*!,
English railway and the dlj.-omfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
' Alexandria. Egypt, via i'-irla. first class $180.
second class $116.
LA BRETAGNE December 11. 10 a. m.
LA QASCOONB December IS. 10 a. m.
LA KORMANDIE December 25. 10 a m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. in.
LA BRETAGNE January 8, 19 «. a
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents. 6 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 0
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 6:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only linn selling through tickets and gi».
ing through freight rates to all points on th»
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MART GARRATT, CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Mm In 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m., 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier X.
Telephone Green SSI. -. » --^ : -
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvtso leaves Pier 1 dally (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
ezcepted) at S p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c;
; to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose. •. - .....
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HI | ■■■mi ■■? CALIFORNIA
!g|f^p.^; LIMITED.
IlillJismß&^li SAN FRANCISCO
IlilaMLLlHßyi CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3H days to Chicago, 4 1 * days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
' Leaves dally at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern point*.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office. 64-4 Market
1 street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
, 1520. Oakland office. 111S Broadway. Sacra-
> mento office. 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
; Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897, trains will run a*
follows: .
Southbound. . Northbound!
Passcn- I Mixed 1,.,. Mixed Passed
- per Sunday ! " auonB - Sunday cc .
Dally, j Exc'p'td — Exc'p'td Daily
7:20 a.m. 0:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
: 8:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m.: Merced 12:&0p.ru. a p.m,
10:40;:. in. 8:50 p.m. Krotmo • J:3oa.m. 2:20 p.m,
11:40 n.in. 6:20 p.m. Hanford j. . :*5 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:13 p.m. 0:45 p.m. Vlsalia I 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
Stopping at intermediate points when required
Connections— At Stockton wlth~steam boats ot
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco ana
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced wltii
»tages to and from BnelllngM, Coulterville. etc. :
also with stage from Uornltos, Mariposa. etc.;
at Lankenhizn with stage to and from Madera.
Cera. .
Why Not Remove
ol shortness of breath *i " £>
when going upstairs, 1 flfk I f3fl|Cp
fust walking sweep- »- *-' VUU3C
ins or rapid talking, smothering or sinking
spells (especially at night), flattering or pal-
pitation. Irregular or intermittent pulse, faint-
Insr, weak and hungry spells, opDre^sed feel-
ing in the chest, pain or tenderness in the
lett breast, side, snoulJer or arm, or under
shoulder blade; as they are all sure symptoms
«-^ a*»« • of a weak or"diseased
lIP (VafllPQ heart which should b«
vi • iyiiic^ treated at onca wlth
Book on the ■ ■ ' m - #>
%£. m Heart Cure
Address
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.
! RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•OVTUKBM rAcmc coxrAST,
(PAOiril! SVHTKM.)
TraUi lenv<- nnil me <lia<> to nrriTJ •«
NAN FItANi'IWCO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.) "
leave — From January 1, 1393. — arritb
•6iOOa Nik-3,"San Jose and Way Station!... "STiBA
7:00 a Benicia, Suigun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
7>ooa MarysTille, OrovlUoaad Redding Tia
Woodland S:4!ir
7:O0a Vacaville and Ramsey S:43f
7xVOa Martinez, Sun Ramon. Vallejo, Nap»,
CaliaUiga and Santa Rosa 6:15r
B>ooa Atlantic Express, O;ilun and East.. 8:45*
I:!IUa Kites, .San Jose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillt:, Chico,
TehamaanußeiUSlufT 4tl»p
•»:3Oa Peters, Milton and Oakdaie »7:15p
9iUoa New Orieaus Kspnsa, Merced, Ray-
mond, l"iesiio, Uakersiield. Santa
l!:nlmrii, I. os Angeles, I'einin'it.
Xl l'asu, Now Orleans and East. 6:45p
0:00 a Vallcjo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 18: 1 Up
•l:OOr Sacramento Hirer StOHiiiers *»:OWp
1 :OOr Niles, Man Joso and Way Stations.. {9: 1 ft.\
l:3«p Martinez and Way Stations.... ":45p
S:UOp Livermore, Mendota, llanford and
VUalia 4:15p
....... Livennore, San Jose, iles and Way
Stations |1O: 13a
4:»«r Martinez, San ltauion, Vallejo,
Napo, Caliatoga, Xl Verano and
Santa Rosa »iI»A
«iO»p Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
5 -.' Knights Landing, Marysvillc, Oro-
viile and .Sacrunieiito In:4!>*
4t3op Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. ?:l3p
4:30p LatUrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno. .Mojavo (for Kandsburg),
Santa ljarbara and l<o* Angel**.. 7i43a
4:SOr .Santa Its Boots, Atlantic lCxiireas
forMojaro and Kast 6:43 p
•I5:8«p " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth. Little Kock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East {10:13 a
1T3:30p " Sunset Limitad Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East §10: 13 a
OxOOp Kuropeau Mail, OcOeti and Kast.... 0:45\
6:« Or Huytrardx, NiltHand Han Jose 7:43 a
1*):« Op Vailejo t~:4sp
StOOr Oregon Harraniento. MaijH-
ville. l:,,l-ll»it,'. rortlan.l. Ingot
I ■ Sound ami Dust «:I3a,
SAN LKASBBU AM) HAVWAHIK LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
i'*6:6oa "I ( 7:15 a
8:OOa Mclrosr, Seminary Park, i»O:4Sa.
»:OOa Fltclibnr^Elmlinrat, ' 10:434
lO.ooa FHclibnrs, Limliurst, iiMs*
<11:OOa Son Leamiro, South San 12:4»p
t1 . 2 :. 00 .^ Leßndro , J>todiUo , "I**l
iaiiobp Lorenzo, them -I t4:45p
4:00p ' . , i3:45p
5:00p »»a ■ 6:13p
wz *"«"«<• sag
ttll:13p; txlomallea - [ ttl2:Qop
COAST MVlKloa (Rarmr Uangc).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•il3a Nonrark.Oentervillo.SaiiJose.Feltoii,
lioulderCreek.SautaCnizandWay "
Stations 8»Ml)
•Sißßf Newark, Centerville, Han .lose. New
Almaden, Keltou, llouldcr Creek, ■
Bauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •l*iftS«
4:13 r Newark, Sun .lose and Los Gatos ... ' 9:20 a.
tlls4Sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and -
Way Stations {7:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Turn SiS FRINCISCO— root of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. }l:00 '2:00 13:09
•4:00 . tB:OO i •6:oor.ii.
rroaOiSUND— Foot or Broadway.— 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2:QO »I:QQ t2:00 '3:00 ' tt:OO «B:QQr.M.
! COAST DIVISION Broad Gauge). '
(Third and Townsend Stg.)
6i55a .San Jose ami Way Stations (New '
Alinuden Wednesdays unly) 0:35 a,
9:00 a Han .lose, Tics Pinos, Santa Crnz,
■ .; . Pacific Grove, l'aso Itoblcs, Sail
Lnis OMspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Wny .Stations 4:13p
, IO:4Oa San. inscniuMVny Stations «S:O0a
! I I:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations 8:33*
•2:30r San Maten. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacilio (3ro»e MO«4© A
•8:15p Jose and Principal Way Stations «O:«Oa.
•4jl3p San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•5:OOr San Jose and Principal Way Stations l:30p
ll— 1 San Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:30p
6:.'(Or San Jose and Way Stations 7:20p
t11:45r San Jose and Way Stations ?:2Op
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
% Mondays and Thursdays,
_ i Wednesdays and Saturdays.
SAN FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot oS Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
WEEK DATS— 7 JO, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.: i2:B.
1:10, 6:10. 6:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11: p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:19. S:3«
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SA.* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. j
12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:33 p. m.
BUN DAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:00. 6:25 p. .m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzon ParK
■ame ' schedule as above. ■ ■
Leave Tt , of r<v.t Arrive
San Francisco. Oct 24, San FraQ cisca
Week I Sun- TWntiMtian I Sun " I Wee * '
Days. 1 days. DeBUDaUOn I day9^ ! daya^
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Novato. 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
3:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. ! Petaluma, 6:10p.m.;10:25a.m.
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Koaa. 7185 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
" Fulton.
7:30 a.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburgr,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:80 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. i 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
j : lHopland and I
7:30a.m.|8-00a.m.l Ulliah. | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
t:3Ua.ui. ) 10:25 a.m.
9:00 a.m. GuernevlUe. 7:35 p.m.
:30p.m. i 6:22 p.m.
7 :^ua.in. S :00a.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m.. m. 8.0ba.m.l c.h,.,. m i |10:40a.m.|10:25a.m.
; 8:30 p.m. s :t)op.m. J^ a9U^°^ I 7:35p.m.| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wesc
Eprlnzs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at '
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Holland foe
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bart let Springs; at Ukiah for
Vteity Hi. lngs, Saratoga &p:lna;s, Blue Lakes.
Lnuiel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Days, Riverside, tiierley*s Buck-
Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Buck-
cell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville.
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ra-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all . points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— . Market street. Chronic!*
building.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19, 1837.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael—^-.as. "9:39,
11:30 a. m. *1:45. 8:45, »5:15, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed*
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. - ;.' -
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. n*:ML
•11:30 a. m. »1:15. 3:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
; Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:15 a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) foa
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way station*.
; MOUNT TAMALPAIS r SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via, Sausalito Ferry).
Leave ' San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1597:
i "Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
i Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p m
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS- COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
street, San Francisco.
1112
CHOICES WERE
TURNED DOWN
Zamar and The Bachelor
the Only Favorites to
Finish First.
Gray Landed With Daily Rac
ing Form in a Very Ex
citing Drive.
The Steeplechase Replete With Acci
dents Ladies' Day Drew a Lartje
Attendance.
A card that did not appear spattered
with soft spots for any particular own
er, coupled with the fact that It was
"ladles' day," drew a large crowd to
Ingleside yesterday. To those who de
light in playing outsiders it was a most
enervating day's sport. Two favorites,
Zamar and The Bachelor, scored, but
the four other choices were carried to
their corners hopelessly beaten.
The racing was well contested
throughout, the finish to the second
event being one of the most exciting of
the season. In the way of riding honors,
Conley carried off the palm by piloting
two winners, one a favorite, the other
an outsider.
The steeplechase over the new "man
slaughter" course was replete with In
cidents and accidents. The favorite,
Reno, fell early in the game, severely
Injuring his rider, Barry, who was car
ried off the field in an unconscious
etate. Then the second choice, Presi
dio, ridden by the athletic George
Cochran, ran out at the fourth jump,
putting him out of business and burn-
Ing up a raft of coin. After this. Lord
Chesterfield, a highly touted beginner
over the sticks, assumed command and
•won as he pleased. "Stew" Peters suc
ceeded in finishing intact, and took the
place with Mestor. Una Colorado, after
a most tempestuous passage, landed in
the show. The course is a great boon
to the medical profession.
Little Gray distinguished himself by
a piece of rare good riding in the six
furlong run, second on the programme,
lie had the mount on Daily Racing
Form, a 6-to-l chance in the betting,
and six horses passed the wire so close
ly bunched that it was almost impossi
ble to pick the winner. Daily Racine:
Form gained the verdict by a nose, with
the fast coming Benarrela a nose in
front <>f Hermosa. Novia, Olenower
and Valencienne were but heads fur
ther away.
A very cheap class of platers went to
the post in the opening seven-furlong
run. with Ciaudiana ruling favorit" In
the betting. Cash Sloan, who had the
leg up, was unfortunate in getting
pocketed and was led out by Sardou, a
7 to 1 chance, ridden by Conley. Ra
fa^la secured show honors in a drivp.
Zamar is back in his old winning
form and took the six-furlong sprint,
third on the card, in tho gamest possi
ble fashion from Mainstay. Ho wns
r 3 to 2 choice at post time and getting
away well to a ragged start fought it
out the entire distance with Hughey
Jones' big chestnut, winning driving
by a npok. In a punishing finish. High
lrnd Ball led Hartly out for the show.
Tho start ruined the chances of Mid
light. Morinel fell at the post.
The victory of The Bachelor In the
mile and a quarter selling affair was
probably due to the splendid riding of
Willie Martin. After Our Climate and
Tulare had pet a merry clip for a mile,
Martin made his move with the Corri
gan entry and with little to sparo at
the end downed Tulare a head in 2:05 1 4.
Our Climate tired the last quarter, fin
ishing third. The winner was an even
money favorite.
Don Clarpncio ran for the first time
In the colors of Kittleman Brothers in
th» last event, OVw one mile and a
furlong, decided under selling condi
tions, and overturned a very warm fa
vorite in Oorrigan's Can't Dance. The
latter was a 1 to 2 choice in the betting
nnd in a run )n which no pace was sot
the Don lpd the favorite out a length
•with the juicy price of 12 to 1 against
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB— inßleside Track— Seventy-third
, V <2f2 f the Winter Meeting. Wednesday, January 26. 1898.
Weather fine. Track fast.
JQ4 FIRST RACE-Seven furlongs;
and upward; purse, $3£o.
471 , Sardou, 4
3-41 Cla-.idiana. 4
IM Kofaela, 4...
422 La Fontera.
373 Rey Del Dial
354 Santa Clara,
359 Malplaquet, i
108 Mangrum. 4.
373 Purward. 4..
•Left.
Time. 1:30%.
three drivinK.
471 Sardou, 4 US 2
341 Cla-idiana. 4 HO! 7
2i<o Hafaela. 4 1051 1
4?2 La Fc.r.tera. 4 110 E
373 Rev Del Diablo. 4.. 112 4
Santa ("iara, 4 105 3
359 Malplaquet. 4 I
 4 M 7 S
373 Purward. 4 lf'7 •
110 2 ins lh 12 lh 114 Conley ....... 8 «
1 "Of 7 f, h 4h 424 43 2%C. Sloan 2 8-5
105 1 34 6h 77 64 3h Clawson 6 2
4 1101 5 4h 34 2h 224 44 Spencer 15 15
•bio. 4.. 112 4 34 2%. 3n 3h 5 8 Powell 5 8
, 4 105 3 5h 73 5h En 64 H. Brown 15 so
< 105 6 7% 5 4 62 712 7 3 McNichols ... 15 20
3^7 8 8 8 8 8 8 Frawley ... 15 10
10"! * ••• ■•• ••• ... ... (Felghery ! 15 30
Winner. Z. AbrahanVs eh. 0. by Salvator-Chimera. Fair start. Won first
1 ns
I h
3 4
4 h
5 4
5 h
7%
8
1 h
4 h
6 h
3 4
2 %
7 3
6 4
8
12 1 h
4 24 4 3
77 6 4
2 h 2 24
3n 3 h
5 h En
6 2 7 12
8 g
1 14 Conley .......
I % C. Sloan
8 h 'Clawson
4 4 Spencer
5 8 Powell
6 4 H. Brown
7 3 M. Nichols ...
8 Frawley
... Felghery
493 SECOND RACE furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Index. Horses. Weight.] St. , 14m. %m. %m. Str Fln7~i Jockeys^ lOd FT
32<i D. Racing Form. 3 H 3
4^5 Benamela. 5 10« »
473 Hennoso. 3 WB| 2
?.S4 Novia. 3 8C X
465 Glenower. 3
?26 Valencienne, 3 6
465 Roulette Wheel. 3.. Mi 4
470 R. Q. Ban. 6
465 Sing Win?, 3 106 7
457 Mlloslo. 3 83' 1
6 %
9 n
1 h
8 n
10 .
6 4
3 h
4 h
7 2
2 '4
6 4
8 h
1 3
9 4
10
4 14
6 1
3 h
7 %
2 h
3 h
7 2
1 h
8 h
6 h
2 24
6 4
4 2
I 2
10
1 1
Ins Gray
2 ns Conley
3ns Spencer
4 h i Woods
i n O'Connor
« 2 (Holmes
7 1 McNichols ...
8 3 H. Martin....
9 8 Thorpe
10 IClaw3on
4
2
15
8
M
M
3
H
8
6
3
SO
6
M
15
B-2
6-2
30
15
.
Time, 1:15%. Winner, T. W. Coulter's b. c. by Forester or Burtlngrton-Elia Blackburn
Good start. Won first five driving. ,
49(> THIRD RACE— Six furlonps; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
\~
453 Zamar 11, 4 106; 1
450 Mainstay, 6 112! ]
455 Highland Ball. 3.... 92! 2
453 Mi.iliKlit, 4 104 5
451 Hardly. 3 95 4
434 - Morlncl. 3 83) *
1 %
2 2
8 44
5
4 h
1 %
2 2
3 4»i
4 2
6
1 %
3 2 4
2 n
4 3
6
1 n
2 6
I h
4 H
E
IConley
H. Martin.:..
lOray-
Thorpo !
rUwson i
McN'lcholg ...
8-5
<
30
11-5
4
10
8-2
7
E-2
6
15
•Fell. ~~
T! "ir4e'dr ; vl^* lnner ' °' * Honl «'» b - *• h ? St - Carlo-Imp. Royal Bees. Bad start. Won
4Q7 FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter mllea; selling; four-year-olds and upward-
"Tndex Horses. Welpht St. Km. 4m~ %m. Stf. Fin. I Jockeys \oi ra"
-I
394 The Bachelor. ...110! 3 3% 31 3 6 334 11) W. Martin 1 1
307 Tulare. 4 104 1 214 24 21 2% 28 Thorpe s \
456 Our Climate, 5 103 4 12 114 l h IV 324 Con ley « I
408 little Cripple. a.. ..107 6 66 6 534 4 4 Clawson"" 8 i
457 Rufalba, 4 1021 4ns 4h 44 "4% 640 'II Brown 1 1?
_ 448 Nonchalance. 4 105] 2 6 2 in 64 6 6 Spencer .'.'.'.'. 12 II
Won'n^'t th^ drlVin nner ' *' Corri * an 8 eh " «■ Judge Murray-Splnsten^'oood; .tart:
'498* FIFTH RACE-Steeplechase; short course: four -year-olds tUd upward; purse. »4OoT
... Lord Chesterfield. 4.135|
417 Mestor, a lf.O
4fiS I'na Colorado, a 140
(365) Kcno, a 157
3'»7 Volt, a 140 i
131
5
3
4
1
6
2
1 30
8
2 4
• •
1 4
8
2 30
1 20
1 6
2
1 2
2
;ni
iy
3
4
8
2
20
5-2
5
4
12
8-r.
IS
3
ry
iclns
iran
• Fell, l.ut HniFliP.l. •• Fell. ••• Ran out.
Time, 4:07. Winner, D. Dennlson's b. g. by Chesterfleld-Tulala
easily.
«%pd
start.
Won
499» Sl *™ RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling:: four-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horses. Weight. |Bt. %NT Vim. %m. S^r. Fin. I Jockeys. — C\.
1.
376 Don Clarenclo, 4. ...11 l 6 In it 4% 44 11 Rnencer 10 in
487 Can't Dance. 6 110 1 6 2 In 3 2 3h 2h *#f Martin"- 3-5 1-2
<•■ Gallant, G...........in5i 2 3h 2n 2h 2U 84 Conley 4 9-2
489 Veragua. 5... 108 4 14 13 124 14 4h H itrown"" 10 25
491 Peter the Second. 6.111 6 7 lh 66 514 615 C Sloan '.'.' 6 l?
2*r. St. Alcnon 113 3 4h 42 52 68 640 Tubervllle'"" 10 12
492 NIC Nac. 5.. ....... .106J 7 2% 7 7 7 7 Me ad " . "' \jM_JM
■ Time. 1:57. Winner, Klttleman Bros*, eh. c. by Surinam-imp. Paloma. Good start. Won
vst three driving. (
S
1
|i
' 3
Li
6 n
B 2
1 h
I*'
4 h
2%
6 t
1 n
2 n
1 3
« h
4 2
7
. « %
3 2
2 h
1 24
6 6
5 2
7 ■-
4 4
3 h
2 4
1H
5 14
6 8
7
1 1
2 h
8 4
4 fa
6 15
6 40
7
L"Z
376 Don Clarenclo, 4 111
487 Can't Dance, 5 110
477 Gallant, 8 .......ins
459 Veragua. 5... 108
491 Peter the Second; 6.111
2*r. St. A!s;non 113
492 Nic Nac. 5.. ....106|
[Spencer i
!W. Martin .1
jConley |
I! I'.rown ...
to. Sloan
Tubervllle ...
iMead I
him In the ring. He ran practically un- i
backed.
TRACK ITEWS
While being schooled over the steeplechase
course after the fencing event, Volt fell at
one of the Jumps with Maynard, breaking a
rib or two for that Impetuous rider.
Barry; the rider of Reno, had his tongue ,
nearly severed In half when that Jumper fell '
with him. and was otherwise badly bruised.
Lord Chesterfield was raced as a two-year
old by the firm of Burns & Waterhouee. Ha
was a pronounced failure, but appears to be
a regular kangaroo at the fen ■'. gome. j
Judge Murphy says the Jumping horse riders j
have got him guessing. Hundreds of others
are in the same predicament.
As a yearling Sardou. winner of the first
race, cost Marcus Daly over $$000.
TO-DAYS ENTRIES
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race — One mile.
(403)1mp. Tripping.. 106 1 369 Judge Denny ..119 .
(402>Geyiser 11l (462) Garland 8arr...105
484 Satsuma 116
Beeond Race — Three-quarters of a mile: three
year-. selling.
... M'.dian 109 (344)Roxey Murphy. loo
-urr.inum 103 470 Official 106 i
441 Tenrica 103 452 Formella M I
JB7 Ping ....110 476 Chihuahua lOtJ
463 Good Friend.... 104 1 453 Einstein 103 i
482 Gotnbed 106
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles: sell- j
Inc.
4 in Meadow Lark . . .109 | SIS Donation 109
898 Attlcuo 110 1 457 Wawona 109 j
388 Heidelberg 107 46S Palomacita ....107 !
477 Little Singer ...102 489 Joe Ullman ....107
401 Pleasant m 104 464 Hacienda 107
474 Coupon 111 104 445 Elano 109!
Fourth Race— and a quarter miles;
handicap.
454 Ostler Joe 119 I (4«l)Osrlc II 109
(484) The Roman ....119 ) 455 Morelllto 103
3«S Judge Denny ..IV, 497 The Bachelor ..102
<493)1mp. Tripping. .lll
Fifth Race— One and a. sixteenth miles: sell- i
Ing.
472 Lena 105 458 Torsion 109
400 Dick Behan ....US 491 Myth 110
472 Fashion Plate. .102 ! 489 Red Glenn 109
(456)O'Fleta 109 1 467 Pereonne 107.
(4SS)Hermanita 107 493 Joe Terry 112
Sixth Race — Three-quarters of a mile; purse.
425 Linstock 101 ' 433 Don't Skip Me. .103
... Charmlon 112 j (4W>r»r. Sharp 112
95 Hurly Burly ... 991 476 Prince Tyrant. .lo4
... Maxtllo 104' 385 Torsi da 114
408 Libertine 132 466 Lord Marmlon.ll2
TO-Df»Y'S SELECTIONS.
First Race — Geyser, Imp. Tripping. Satsuma.
Second Race— Official, Go«d Friend. Mldlan.
Third Race— Palomaclta. Donation, Heidel
berg.
Fourth Race — Joe, Imp. Tripping,
Judge Denny.
Fifth Race— Hermanlta. Fashion Plate. Myth.
Sixth Race— Lord Marmlon, Torsida, Dr. i
Sharp.
A VICTIM OF DESPONDENCY.
Robert Johnson, a Sailor, Com
mitted Suicide Early Last
Evening on Kearny Street.
Robert Johnson, a sailor, fatally shot
himself last evening at 6 o'clock In a
room in the Tremont House on K«arny
street. Immediately after the shooting
he was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital and attended by Drs. Hill. Za
bala and Thompson, but the efforts of
the physicians were without avail, as he
died soon after the arrival of the patrol
wagon.
It was discovered that three bullets
had entered the abdomen and one the
r.,.f of the mouth. The cause Is thought
to be despondency, superinduced by al
coholic stimulants, tl is known that the
deceased had been with a well-known
woman during the previous day and had
spent his all buying liquor. He aft>r
wurd discovered that the woman had left
him. and fie committed the rash act. The
body was removed to the Morgue.
In tb.e Divorce Courts.
Pellegrino Del Chiro was granted a di
vorce from his wife, Maria Del Chiro. by
Judge Hunt yesterday on the ground of
extreme cruelty. The allegations of the
plaintiff that his wife was in the haMt
of g:»-ing him severe beatings with
chunks of wood and other similar weap
ons of war and that she frequently ii.J
dresped him by names other than the
one his parents had given him in his oarly
youth, w.th substantiated and the decree
of divorce was given him.
Frances E. Grapewine was granted a
divorce from Charles E. Grapewine on the
charge of desertion.
Jennie Williams was allowed a divorce
from W. L. Williams on the ground of de
sertion.
Mary J. Willis was granted a divorce
from Robert J. Willis on the grounds of
desr-rtiun and failure to provide.
The application of Mrs. L. H. Wagner
for a divorce from John W. W;:gner was
granted on the ground of f-xtr^me cruelty.
Florence Burke was the last on the list
of divorce applicants. and as she was sub
stantiated in her allegations that her nus
band had treated her with extreme cru
elty Judfre Relcher granted her a decree
. of divorce and gave her the custody of
her minor child.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Mary Rodriguez has applied for a di
vorce from Joseph Rodriguez on the
ground of cruelty. Kate Waldsteln has
applied to the courts for a divorce from
Albert Waldstein. As a cause of action
the plaintiff alleges desertion.
THE SAX rBAyCISCO CALL, THFRSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1898.
RYAN AND GREEN
MAY BE MATCHED
; A Permit From the Supervisors
the Only Obstacle In
the Way.
i ; '
i National Club Men Snngulna of Se
curing the Battle— The Wires
Kept Hot.
•
For some time the National Club has
been making endeavors to match George
Green with Tommy Ryan, the famous
welter-weight, and affairs have ' now
reached a pass where practically all
that stands in the way of ultimate suc
cess Is the reluctance of the Board of Su
i pervisors In granting permits for boxing
contests.
Ryan has been wired several times In
regard to the proposed match, and has
signified his willingness to meet Green,
provided satisfactory articles of agree
ment can be decided upon. Manager
Groom telegraphed him Monday that the
club would give 60 per cent of the gross
receipts, the purse to be divided accord-
Ing to the will of the fighters themselves.
Up to a late hour last evening no an
swer had been received, but one is ex
pected to-day. It is believed that the
Syracuse pugilist will accede to these
terms and will start for this city as soon
as he learns definitely that the club can
secure a permit.
Messrs. Gtbbs and Groom are confident
that the board will grant them a permit
for February, and if their hopes are
realized the fight will take place, other
arrangements being settled, in the lat
ter part of next month, presumably on
the 24th. Green is perfectly willing to
agree to the terms mentioned and pre
fers to fight at catch weights. There can
be no doubt that Ryan will prefer catch
weights himself, and if the Supervisors
recover from their attack of the marble
heart in time lovers of the. ring may ex
pect to see a clever battle.
■ ♦ ■
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
. GRAND HOTEL.
I. O Bassett. Grass V C B Mack, w & no Nev
XV II Nichols, Cat 'I W Chandler. Sta Crz
A A Early. Del Monte <> T Dean. Sisson
E J Andrews. Chicane l? T Kirk. San Jose
B S Gurnee. Hanfor.l \ T McPhall. Lompoo
G L Belcher, Oak] ■ • M Green. Oroville
T D Connelly. Cal T .ustig. Tulare
J F Church. Fresno M Balrd & w, Cal
I Cohen. Sacto -«. J Qulnn. Los An
J C Campbell. Cal Wrens & w. Pal
r I. Reed. Reedly • t. En-rstrom. Crl
II L Reed, Reedly P Grnpn ,fr w Cal •
E M Lucket & wit:. '*>innlr.s:ham *• w.Cal
T Cutter Stockton . TT Grant. Palinaa
Mrs J M Pope. Cal *■ Miller. Ptoekton
J Porteua. Fresno *** Pavls. Ft« Rosa
Mrs T Tlmmons, Etna n r Moon», Ben'ela
Miss X Timmons. Xt: w P tv -,♦'», Watsonrl
B Rummelsburg. Pa! T H Williams &' Pal
W A Mackenzie. P a l T TI Steel. Marvsvtlle
A Thornton. New Hi*- R ,T Wnt«rn Pnl
D Horn. Hornbrook p r Coddlncton. Pal
G A Smith &w. Pal TV o nreen *• v Pal
T Erlrkson. Jamestown B Grams Callstoga
B A Moody. Gold Run A B Muir. Uklnh
O J Lincoln. Kta Cruz jr -R Ptowe. Ptockton
L H Apple ate. Me r .-d j A Wood Pal
Pr W S George. Antlch
RUSS HOUSE.
J Moore. Cal O .wen, Portland
D Benrclsley, Lodl <> Grey, S Rosa
C Nelson, Lodl 0 Lyons, 8 Rcsa
W Nelson, Lodl Miss Mead. s Rosa
<; Close. Detroit Miss E Mead. R Rosa
H Parks, Hanford Mrs Gray, S Rosa
1) Lewis. L Ang V tian<-y. Telna
W Burk. S Barbara H Hatch, Lincoln
W Lawrence. Chicago Q Smith. Waterford
G Lewis. Mnjave n Galloray, Walnut Ck
A Loskey, Mojave .i Übell. Lathrop
D Crlchton. M.jive J Roe. Lathrop
G W Carr. Tount Hill N Patchen. I^throp
W Goodln, Vlsalla J I»-rr^tt>.-< L
G Fisher & w. Vlsalla P Trainer. Phila
C Powers. Pacto 8 Cochran. Phila
H Van Clave, Trucked C Smith. Phila
Miss McElroy. Truckee B Staple. Weaverrtlle
C Botzer. Orovllle J Pal dwell. H-aldsbrc
C Bastion. Fresno ' C. Wilke. BaetO
<• Browner, Bt Louis I) Putter & w. Vacavl
W North, Fresno MSfs Duttnn Vacavs
S Butler. Nev City J Wells. Concord
E Purvel. Portland C Clanton. Concord
F Pern*. Antloch F Bale. HealdsburK
A Fantown. N H H Feldner. HeeJdsbrc
N McLean. WatsonviK H kman. HealdsDc
C Neal. Pasoadeiu |.i Urns, Reno
Mrs Mann. Mendoclno E Vann &■ w. Colusa
M Raney, Mendoonlo J Parks * f, Butte
A Raney. Uendocino G Stackey, Grass \T
G Oregon*. B Majruel
PALACE HOTEL.
E Hart wen. Newman IP J McKenna, N T
X W Brown. Fresno jMrs McKenna, N V
I" W Collier. Kobe A M Jennlncs. N T
B Jenter. Chleafro |J L*sher. Baltimore
D T Da vies. JlmtownjW E Morris. Portland
T J Field, Monterey IDr Memeyer. Marvsvi
Mrs Field. Monterey Mrs Memeyer, Marysvl
W W Miller. NY J n Okie, Wyoming
A Bair.i. Newcastle Mrs Okie, Wyoming
F S Dennis, Arizona J Bl'xlnßer. Portland
W Rhemwell. L An« J M Wilson, Wyoming
W Fleming. Oil City A W Smith. Chicago
Mrs Fleming. Oil <' it y E Hart. N V
X Robey. Baltimore A A Jones, S V
E Hartensteln. Bait L T, V Bell & s. N V
Mrs Hartenstcln. Salt L Mrs Jones, N T
Miss Donbar. Salt L Mrs Bell. N V
C Jorgpson. Salt Lake B Bornea & w. N T
Mrs Jorgeson. Salt L, F J Parolan, Bur-
W G Roberts, Chicago llnzame
E W Vance. Chicago B McNear. Oakland
M M Parsons. Fresno Mrs F J Carolan. Bur-
C F Aaron. Stanford Unftame
W C Green, Vallejo Mrs S McNear. Oakld
H McPetrie. Oakland
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Crow. Chicago C A Burgess, Chicago
J H Todd, Sacto Mrs Burgess. Chicago
8 B M liner, w & c, J n Sharp*. N V
Salt I*ake J M Cernee, Woodland
W B Crow, Modesto T McCauley. Davisvl
Mrs Runyon, Coortlnd Mrs IfcCaniey, Darter)
X it Hunter, Chicago H Hlrsehman, Salt L
E Anderson, Stockton L Rau&ohofT. Salt L
0 Plrkey, Willows H J Gage, Stockton
J McLaughlln, Peta- Mr-- Gage, Stockton
luma J Mlnnlngham. Traces
L J Kenny. Petaluma .1 W Knox. Merced
P» Hakes. Mill Valley F B Tractor Boston
, M Friedlander. Oakld L Isaacs, N V
F Todd, Fresno \v j Barrett, L Ant
Dr St Clar, NY J \v Gilcrest & ».
E Casterline, L Ang Half moon bay
1 M Berry, Chicago Mrs Llnners, Goat is!
S Newmann, Phi la
LICK HOUSE.
i J Jacobs, Hanford : Mrs H C Breeden, Or
G Wall * w. Cal Mr? X L Evans Cal
i J M Whitney, Sonora ■ F H Westcott.St Louis
T P Hendricks, Chico L Gross. Phila
C A Burt. Baltimore W W Gollin. Pal
Mrs T C White, Pal J W Ponant, Redding
B A Roberanes, Sallns It C Smith. Mexico
J G Moodry & w, Pal W W Flnainn. Pacto
I M M Parsons. Fresno T Cayton & w. Elm
i G H Crow & W. Cal H Berhelm. Napa
L A Whltehurst. Cat C Haas, Stockton
!F C Hageman, Chgo F B Clark, Tulare
; Mrs W Powell, Elmira W H Hatton & w, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner r,f Market anrt Third streets, op«n
until 12 o'clock evtry night In the year.
BRANCH OmUKS-W Montgomery street.
corner <"lay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes strevt; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister Ftreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
•15 Larkin street: op«n until 9:SO o'clock.
fi.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*;
open ur.til 9 o'dock.
10« Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
■U ftftMtoci street: open until 9 o'cl'n-k.
ISSE Polk stre.-t; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N.W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open till » o'clock.
MKBTIKCi NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. and m
M., will meet THIS (THURSDAY) Jk
E^'ENING. January 27, at 7:30 IT JT
o'clock. First degree. /By order of ryr*
the Master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
SOUTH San Francisco I»dge No. 212 m
F. and A. M.. meets THIS EVEN- J%
ING at 7:30 o'clock for Installation of If V
officers. Master Masons cordially in- />r^
vlted. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
MEETING and smoker of the San v 577 x.
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club 3l ?S J?J
THIS EVENING. Fraternity Hall xkx^T
32 O'Farrell St.. at 8 p. m. V=s4»
W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
TO the shareholders of the Independ-
ent Red Men's Hall Association— *V^»*te^
You are hereby notified that the an- N^^W
nual general meeting of the shareholders of
the above association will take place on FRI-
DAY, January 28. at 8 o'clock p. m.. in the
Red Men's Hall. 610 Bush st.
CHARLES SCHLESINGER. President.
B. A. LAMMANN. Secretary.
THE Companions of " Mar- " ji<L H. 'I
shall will be pleased to JCv*JJ|f\ '. .\ V^ICV
receive their friends at AiWbTihBIIB^
THURSDAY. ' l Jnn. ""MMmHI >3
THURSDAY. Jnn. 27, JBH
fron; 2 to 4 p. m MrUm Br^VL
J. I. SPEAR. Sec. "*r A^f
MASONIC Cemetery Association— annual
meeting of lot-owners in the Masonic Ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple
TUESDAY AFTERNOON. February 1. 1898
9t 2 o'clock, for the election of three trustees
and such business as may legally come be-
i fore It. GEORGE J. HO BE, Secretary. -
MBKTIHq NOTlCES— continued.
NOTICE of meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholder* of The Nevada Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco will be held ,
at It* banking office. SOI Montgomery St.. San
Franclsoo. Cs.l., on MONDAY, the twenty-
first Crist) day of February. 1898, at 3:15 :
o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve during the en- j
suing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet- ;
Ing. D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco. January 20. 1898.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be !
held at the office of the company. 327 Mar- '
ker street. San Francisco. Cal . on WEDNES- !
DAY, the 2d day of February. IS9B. at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. m . for the purpose of '
electing a board of directors to serve for the '
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet- i
'"c ' J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, corsets, hosiery, underwear, bed-
spreads, towels, laces, linings, trimmings,
veiling*, etc.. very cheap at Pioneer Dry
Goods Store. 105 Fifth at.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
mind reader. Rooms 2 and S. 120*4 Geary st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Bt..«room 6: tel. 5580.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 3. 116 A Grant aye.: elec-
trldan: alcohol. Turkish baths: unrivaled.
JNO. HULTHEN, electro- magnetic massage :
treatments: alcohol baths. 8 Mason st.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths, lid Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120*4 -Ceary St.. room 11.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 24, Flood bnlld- ■
Ing, cor. Fourth «t.
827 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until »:30 i
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp- j
tlons and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FBMALB.
NORWEGIAN housegirl. good cook and laun-
dress. $20. city or country: also a neat Ger-
man girl as nurse, upstairs or housework, $10
to $15. Apply at the Swedish and German
Employment Bureau. MRS. NORTON. 323
Butter at. Telephone. Green 721.
SUPERIOR Swedish waitress and parlor maid
desires situation; best references. MISS CUL-
LEN. I ' Butter st.
FI RST-CLAPS colored Infant's nurse desires
situation: 2*4 years last place. MISS CUL-
LKN, 325 Sutler st.
GERMAN woman with a girl 6 years old de-
sires situation: good cook; best references;
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Putter sT.
COMPETENT cook, best of reference, desires
a situation in the country. J- F. CROSETT !
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
ENERGETIC and reliable woman. 32 years of
age. with experience In hotel business, wishes
situation as chambermaid In city or country
hotel; thoroughly understands hotel business;
can give references as to ability. Call or ad-
dress K. C. 1408 J St., Sacramento.
GERMAN Protestant nurse wishes position; in-
fant or small children: competent and re-
liable: well recommended; no objection to
sewing: country or traveling. Address box
726. Call office. j
YOUNG lady (German descentijtvlshes a situa- :
tion to do chamberwork and sewing; pleas-
ant place of more object than wages. 308 ;
Teh.ima st., room 16. !
RESPECTABLE woman wants a situation for |
general housework: good plain cook; no ob- '
jection to short distance in the country. Call
at 651*4 Howard Ft. :
AN educated and refined young lady (Ameri-
can) wants position as child's nurse: 1 or 2
children: $20 or $25; children's sewing. 123»
O'Farrell st. |
WANTED— By a respectable woman, to work
by the day mending, washing or housework.
Inquire 1083 Howard St., bet. «th and 7th.
YOUNG woman wants housework: plain fam-
ily; good plain cook; wages moderate. Call
3463 Twenty-sixth st., near Valencia.
WOMAN wishes situation tn private family
or help In boarding-house; $10 per month;
city. MS Sixth St.. room 124.
GERMAN girl wishes a position, downstairs
work and cooking, also general housework.
Please call at 126R Eighth st.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes situation
to do second work or assist In housework.
Apply 140*4 Cumberland St.. cor. Dolores.
WOMAN to go out by the day washing, clean- !
Ing or Ironing. Apply In basement, 829 Hayes !
ft., near FlUmore.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to care for child
and do light housework; sleep home. Apply
609*4 Linden are
LADY (qualified) pianist . wishes engagement:
wedding parties," socials and dancing-schools.
M' in box 720. Call office.
WANTED— By young lady, to tend store or to
do writing: Oakland preferred. Address MISS
K. SMITH, Frultvale. Cal. j
YOUNG woman wishes to do cooking or house-
work, or will go out by the day; $25; $1 per
day. lOC Eddy st., room 43.
YOUNG strong Hungarian girl, speaks some'
German, desires a place to assist. MRS. '.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
THOROUGHLY competent girl. Just from the;
East, wishes housework In American family.
Box 721, Call office.
YOUNG German girl would like to have a posj-
tlon Cor upstairs work or nurse girl. Please :
call at 210 Eddy st. j
AMERICAN cook, thoroughly understands her
business, wishes position as ranch cook. Ap-
ply 1065 Market st. ,•*
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do cook- '
ing; wages not less than $23. Address box
724. Call office.
YOUNG girl wants place to do general house- ]
work; Is good cook. Please call at 1007 Na- ,
toma St.. off nth, bet. Howard and Mission. j
GERMAN elderly woman wishes a situation
to do general housework or housekeeping;
good plain cook; $10 to $12. 604 Howard st.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to assist with i
light housework or mind children: «mall
wages. 512 Minna st. j
WANTED— few more places by the day. Ad- I
dress MRS. ROWLAND, 113 W. Mission, rear.
WANTED— PIace to do general housework. In-
quire at 751 Howard st.
__ , 1
GIRL to assist In housework. 100 Lundy Lane. I
GERMAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper. 714 Lynn St., West Oakland.
GERMAN girl wishes a position for general '
housework. 44 Diamond St.. bet. 17th and ISth. j
LADY wishes position as housekeeper; city or |
country. Address 123 Turk St.
WOMAN wishes position to do general house-
work. Apply at 947 Howard st.
GIRL would like a position at dressmaking.
Address 1910 Larkin St.. in the rear.
EASTERN lady; good cook; city or country.
322 Minna St.
GENTS' mending and repairing done. 823
Howard >-!., room 39.
SITUATION by a young girl to do light house- |
work. Box 707. Call office. I
STRONG German woman wishes work of any
kind by the day. 1022 Bryant st.
GERMAN woman with one child desires situ-
ation; references: country. 2009 Mission st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes to do house-
work; Is a good cook. 912 Howard st.
WILT, some kind person assist lady In finding ,
position; experienced Invalid's nurse, house- 1
keeper or companion: useful; trustworthy.
1028 Treat aye., near Twenty-fourth st.
EDUCATED and refined young lady, em-
ployed part of the day. desires to assist In
family in return for board and room. Box
771, Call office. m j
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged lady's
nurse; American; terms reasonable. 1524 Sac-
ramento st.
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do house-
work: no cooking; hotel or boarding house.
362 Jessie St.. corner Fifth. ;
ELDERLY Protestant woman wants work; Is ]
a good plain cook; any distance In country.
Address 22*4 Seventh st.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist In housework. 1135 <
Folsom avenue, rear.
AMERICAN young lady wishes position to as-
sist In office ■ work, housecleanlng; sleep
home. 325 V» Bush St.. room 20. j
WOMAN wishes chamber work or day work
where she can sleep at home. Box 733. Call.
WANTED— Situation to do second work or wait ;
on table by young lady. Call or address 473
Jessie Ft. i
YOUNG woman wishes position as lady's maid '
or care of Invalid; no objection to traveling
or going into the country: good references. !
Address M. S.. box U. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED, by American woman, work in small ;
family; a good home more an object than ,
large wages. . Add. 625 Chestnut st, Oakland. !
2 RESPECTABLE ladles wish positions as
cooks, or will do any kind of work in order
to go to Klondike. Address box 768, Call. I
WANTED— By a refined and educated young ,
lady, a position as copyist, correspondent or
assistant bookkeeper; good penman. A.
SMITH. £19 Eddy st.
YOUNG lady wishes situation ,as French
nurse or upstairs > work, country preferred.
14 William St.. rear. /.
SCOTCH girl knowing how to do all kinds of j
housework wishes place In American family; !
can give references. Call 3543 Twenty-fourth. I
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
YOUNG lady wants a position In millinery;
rood trimmer. Address S.. box 11. Call office,
Oakland.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALM.
TO SUPERINTENDENTS & MINE OWNERS
For first-class miners, mechanics, carpenters
and others, send your orders to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento St., San Fran-
I cisco.
[ CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
I tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
j CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
. best help. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
HUNTER .<.- CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 614*4 California St.; tel. Main 231.
i JAPANESE employment office; work day.
hour or evening. 122^ O'Farrell; tel. Davis 600.
. YOUNG man wishes situation in a private
family or in a stable or foreman on a ranch:
been 3 years foreman last place. Call at 1011
Mission St.. city.
GOOD sober man. with references, wants
place with private family or kitchen work:
teamster, grocery store; gardener. Address
106 Colllngwood st.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation to do
plain cooking and housework; good refer-
ences. GEORGE. 1319*4 Larkln at.
SINGLE man, handy around horses, also with
tools, desire* position as porter or on private
place. Box 720, Call office.
MAN with 3 years' experience wishes position
to drive delivery wagon. Address box 715.
Call office.
ENGRAVER and maker of silver medals and
monograms desires work. Box 714, Call.
MECHANICAL engineer open for engagement;
high references. Box 727. Call office. . .
MACHINIST wants situation; 7 years' experl-
ence. Box 70*. Call office. ij
THOROUGHLY reliable, competent young man
having several years' experience In mining In
British Columbia and Alaska, and knows of
some good propositions In Alaska, would like
to have an Interview with a party of means.
Box 762. Call office.
RELIABLE, Industrious German gardener;
understands taking care of horses and cows
and handy around the place; good references.
Address box 7£3. Call office, city. Oakland
or Alameda.
EXPERIENCED In farming, fruit growing,
road building and general practical work;
also understands land surveying: good refer-
ences. T. A. CREGAN. Napa. Cal.
YOUNG miner wants to go to Alaska; Is used
to the climate and handy with all kinds of
tools; will go for wages or on shares; refer-
ences. Box 776. Call office.
COACHMAN, with best of references. German,
wants situation. Address box 738. Call office.
WANTED— Position by a first-class bar-
keeper, hotel or saloon; first-class references;
no objection to country. Address box 773, Call.
COOK— Wanted, situation In restaurant, lunch
or coffee house: steady and competent: best
of references. 654 Mission St.. room 1.
SITUATION as engineer or fireman. Address
_ XV. H. BARKER, 302 Francisco st.. city.
GERMAN, middle-aged, married, speaks good
English, mechanic by trade, handy with tools
wants any situation. Box 770. Call office.
ENGINEER and machinist, also good carpen-
ter. 30. willing to go anywhere: first-class
' references. Please address 8.. 347 Minna St.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
GARDENER, young man. at present employed
In private family, wishes to make charge at
end «f month. Box 671, Call office.
JAPANESE wants a situation to do general
housework and help as waiter. M M 1
Eddy place. '
JAPANESE NEAT boy wishes position as
cook or waiter and housework; excellent ref-
erences. 53 Minna St.. rear.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. Kg to $160 night: $1 50 to $8
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for cooking
kitchen work, etc., ranch, Napa County. $25,
first-class place; 5 neat ranch cooks, ISO find
$25: housework girls, country. $20, and other
places. MURRAY * READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634-626 Clay Ft.
SECOND girl. Oakland. $25; 12 housework
girls, city and country. $20 and $23: 6 young
plrls. assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Putter st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or Swiss ranch cook. $23. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Putter st.
NEAT girl assist housework. $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Putter st.
REFINED woman with a child as working
housekeeper. $12. see party here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, $20 each. MISS CULLEN
325 Putter st.
n m?£ wttggMXttFh?"* home - >10 -
FRENCH nurse, $20: French nursery gov-
erness. $25: French second girl, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, city. $25: nurse, country, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Batter st. -
TWO German second girls. $25 each: German
nursery governess. $20. MISS CULLEN, 323
Putter st.
TWO neat young nurse girls, $15. MISS CUL-
I.EN. 325 Putter St.
GIRL, Taylor. $15: girl. Pinole. Cal.. $15- girl
Cough. $15: girl, Ashbury, $15: girl. Scott.
$15: girl, McAllister, $15: girl, Webster, $15;
girl, Guerrero. $15: girl. Hyde. $1S; girl. Sut-
ter. $15: girl. Valencia, $15: girl. Post. $15;
girl. O'Farrell, $15; girl. Hill. $15. MARTIN
& CO.. 749 Market st.
GIRL. Union. $20; girl. Turk, 118; girl. Van
Ness. $20: second girl. $20 to $25: girl. Sut-
ter. $20; girl. Alameda. $20: girl. San Mateo;
girl. Laguna. $20; girl. Marin County, $20:
girl. Castro. $20: girl. Filbert. $20: girl. Ful-
ton. $20: girl, Gough, $20. MARTIN & CO.,
749 Market st.
WAITRESS, lunch counter, $6 a week; 6
chambermaids and wait some, $15 and room; 3
women „ for kitchen work : 8 cooks. $20 to
$25 and room; 2 waitresses, $." a week; wait-
ress. $20 and room. MARTIN & CO.. 749
Market st.
GERMAN or Irish girl, ranch home. $25, see
party here 11 to 1 p. m. MARTIN & CO..
749 Market st.
GERMAN waitress and parlor maid. $25: Eng-
lish, Scotch or North of Ireland second girl,
$25: 4 German. Scandinavian and French sec-
ond girls, $20 and $25: 3 cooks. German "style,
$25: German or Swl?s ranch cook. $25; nurse.
: 1 child. $18. sleep home; 7 waitresses, hotels
and restaurants, $20 and $6 week; experienced
hospital nurse. $25; and a large number of
girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT St CO..
316 Sutler st.
WAITRESSES for country hotel.. near city, $20;
waitress, restaurant. San Jose. $2.": 3 wait-
resses, same country hotel, $20: 2 waitresses,
same country hotel, $20 and fare paid: hotel
cook, country. $3.'.: 2 line lroners. hotel laun-
dry, $30 and $2"; 10 girls, general housework.
$15. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. IPS Geary.
RANCH cook. $25: German cook. $30; Swedish
housegirl. $25. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
GERMAN houseglrl. 2 In family, $20: chamber-
maid. $15; nurse, $15; cook. 125; 2 second girls,
country. $25 each; number of girls to assist.
$10 and $12. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
II YOUNG cooks, house and second girls; also
nurses and young girls to assist. MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st.
EMPLOYERS gladly pay the girls' office fees
at the Ladles' Parlors, 1023 Market st.
TELEPHONE operator; trained nurse; Inva-
lid's attendant; stewardesses; typewriter;
sewing machine office clerk; dental office
clerk. Ladles' Select Parlors. 1023 Market st.
FRED service — 10 girls wanted at once, wages
$18 to $25; no fees charged; the best homes
In the city waiting. Ladles' Parlors, 1023
Market St.
, GOVERNESS to teach grown rlrls In English
1 . and music: refined home; good salary: per-
[ manent place. Call room 6, 1018 Washington
St.. Oakland.
YOUNG lady for photograph parlors; slight
knowledge of books required. Call rooms 7
and 8, 101S Washington St.. Oakland.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper: middle-aged:
experienced: $40; good references. 1018
Washington St.. Oakland.
28 GOOD reliable girls; best homes In Oak-
land: highest wages. 1018 Washington St.,
I Oakland.
I FRENCH dressmaker; fashionable : order
trade; 8 seamstresses; clerk. 1023 Market.
' WANTED— Young woman or girl for cooking S
and light housework: country: no objection
1 to one child: wages $10 to $15 per month. Call
at 105 Stockton st., room 2.
WANTED— GirI to go to the country to do
chamberwork and help wait on table; wages
$15 per month. Call at 223*4 Natoma st
from 9 to 11 a. m.
YOUNG lady typewriter who understands
shorthand. Address In own handwriting
■ stating experience and salary expected. - Box
706. Call office.
IRISH cook, German style. $25 to $30: house
girl, San Mateo. $20; Santa Cruz. $20; number
I of women for country. 323 Sutter st.
HELP "WASTED— Continued.
YOUNG girl for light housework and plain
cooking: 2 in family: wages $10. 1449 Mc-
Allister st.
YOUNG girl ■ for general housework and cook-
Ing. Call forenoon. 1625 Sutter st.
i GIRL to assist In light housework. 1123 La-
guna st. - .
WANTED— A girl to assist with housework
and baby; wages $10. 1666 Fell st.
WANTED— young lady printer." 81 Third st.
WANTED— A strong woman used to nursing
to care for Invalid lady. 34 Larkln st.
GIRL for housework, small family plain
cooking. $20; waitress. $18. 721 Ellis st.
WANTED — Good waitress. 102 Second street.
: WANTED— GirI for second work and to assist
with children. 1608 Fell st. ,
GIRL to assist with light housework and chil-
■ dren. 1306 Hayes St.. near Devlsadero.
AN elderly German woman to live with small
I family In a flat. 435 Pine st.
! BOOK folders: 2 good folders wanted at 605
Montgomery st.
JAPANESE M. E. Church Employment Bu-
reau. 1329 Pine st. : young men and women
for Christian and moral homes; cooks, house
service, working students; reliable. Mention
The Call.
LADY office clerk: select ladles' trade: per-
manent; good salary. 1028 Market st.
WANTED— 2 little girls to board; best refer-
ences: a mother's care. M. O. S.. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS talloress wanted; on pants. 736
Minna st.
EXPERIENCED shirtmakers: also appren-
tices. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
GIRL to take care baby. 83 Albion aye., off
Sixteenth, near Valencia.
GIRL for housework; wares $10; a rood home.
902 Powell st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SCHOOLGIRL about 14 to asslr in- light house-
work. 10 Hyde st.
WANTED— Shirt finisher. 621 Valencia st.
REMOVED— Wise, the ladles' specialist, to
IPOS Market st.; monthly troubles, etc.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply 214
Hyde st.
LAWRENCE Dretscuttlng School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 25.
; 862 Mission St.. bet. First and Second. :
LADIES' shoes, solelng, 35c. men's shoes, sole-
lng. 50c.; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School la the beat place to learn: Mechanics'
Fair diploma: pattern* cut 28c up. 103 Post.
MALE HELP WAT.TED.
25 LABORERS, city and country, $1 60 and $1 75
day and $26 per month and found: 3 team-
sters, city Job, $1 75 day; foreman for a ditch
gang; 6 farm hands. $20 and $25: 3 choreboys,
$15 and $10; 3 grafters; 4 pruners for vine-
yard: 5 Scandinavian farm hands. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 834
and 636 Clay st. 'Phone Main 6848.
FARMER and wife, see boss here; 5 gold
miners, placer mines; miner to dig a well. $3
day; laborer who can do some blacksml thing,
city; farmer and wife to run a ranch on
shares: 68 tie makers, Be, 9c and 10c each;
machinist, country ■ shop. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
, and 636 Clay st. 'Phone Main 5848.
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
Marker and distributor, $12 week; clerk for a
saddlery store: young man for a grocery,
city store: cooks, waiters, dishwashers, etc. i
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment I
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st. "Phone Main 5848. |
25 WOODCHOPPERS HHZH I
Wanted. $1 2r. cord: fare $1 50. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st. 'Phone Main &S4S.
HAMMERER and filer for a sawmill. $120. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
FIVE German or Scandinavian farmers; same
ranch. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary.
LUNCH counter cook, country saloon, $30 and
found: second cook, hotel. $40: third cook.
$30: night cook. $35: young man who can cut
meat, for assistant butcher in restaurant, $30
and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary.
I PORTER and runner, country hotel, $20. C. R.
HANSEN A- CO.. 108 Geary st.
THREE waiters, near city. $2." and room: 2
i hotel waiters. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
MAN and wife, country place, $40, see party
here: man do chores, etc.. woman, cook. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
STARCH ER. country laundry, $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
20. TO 30 tie makers, 10 cents per tie. MARTIN
.-. CO.. 749 Market st.
3 WAITERS, city. $25 and room; 2 waiters,
city. $20 and room. MARTIN it CO., 749
Market st.
NIGHT cook. $35; cook. $50; second, $35; dish-
washer. $20; cook. $10 a week: 3 cooks, $6. j
$7 and $8 a week; cook, country, $40 and
room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
MAN and wife, small home place. $25 per
month. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
PORTER and runner, country hotel, $25 per
month. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
MILKER. $30 per month. MARTIN & CO.,
741' Market st.
WANTED— IS tiemakers. long Job, 8c to 10c,
pay monthly, tools advanced: miners. $3 day;
farmer and wife; choreman about hotel. $10 I
and found: American farmer, $25, and others. !
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— HoteI second cook. $35: restaurant
waiters, city and country. $25. $30 and $35,
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class butler, $50; second but-
ler, $25; coffee house cook. $7 a week; ex-
perienced man for wine cellar. $30 and found:
waiter, plain hotel. $25. and others, at
ANDRE'S. 308 Stockton st.
WANTED— Fireman for Institution; steady
work: $25 and found. ANDRE'S. 308 Stockton.
WANTED — Farmer and wife, see party here.
$30 and found; boy for store in city, $3 per
week; farmers, milkers, pruners and others:
young German grocery clerk, $20 to $25 per
month. W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay.
WANTED— A Scandinavian or German couple,
man to take care of horses; woman to do
housework: state salary expected. Address
* box 711, Call office.
WANTED— Steady man to take orders and as-
sist generally In light cash office business;
must be satisfied with $65 per month to start
with and have $150 cash; experience not nec-
essary. 995 Market St.. room 3.
BOOKKEEPER who can give references and
bonds, and who understands typewriting and
shorthand. Box 719, Call office.
BOY wanted. 16 to 18 years old, to make him-
self useful; must be willing to leave the city
Address box 712. Call office.
YOUNG man for light work In lodging-house;
room, board and laundry; no wages. Alpha
House. 5. Market st.
YOUNG man who understands typewriting and
shorthand: state references and salary Box
718. Call office.
BARBERS— Attention! Wanted, a two-chair
barber shop; state price. Address box 716
Cell office. '
WANTED— Iron workers. Apply HOLBROOK
MERRILL & STETSON, corner Market and
Beale sts.
SEAMEN for coast. Alaska and Australia; no
cash required. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
A NO. 1 solicitor for shoe repairing; wagon
furnished; references required. Box 717 Call.
$50 MONTH and board: no experience required-
s2so cash. Owner. COG Clay st., 10 to 2.
STEADY man In well paying cash business;
small capital required. Call 236 Third st.
YOUNG man with little experience for bakery
127 Fifth St.. bet. 10 and 12 a. m. D«ery.
I FIRST-CLASS butler: city references. MRS
LAURENCE. 306 Sutter st.
ELDERLY man to do chores. Apply 1189 Fol- '
som st.
! PAINTER wanted at 617 Vermont st. 7-30
a. m. t
j BEDMAKER TAYLOR-C. DAVIS wants to
YOUNG barber from 4 to 6 months' experience-
1 guarantee wages. 106 Montgomery aye.
; RELIABLE photographic printer wanted. Call
bet. 10 and 12 a. m. at Holler's Gallery. 8 6th.
GERMAN boy to work In a drug store. Cor.
Ninth and Mission sts.
ELDERLY man can have board and lodging
tor small services. 500 Halght st. luu e>ng
' BOY wanted at drug store. Clay and Kearny.
GOOD waiter wanted. 613 Clay st.
1 M * ANT 1 ?~ Men , ai wo »> «n: work home; I pay
$8 to $16 a , week for making crayon portrait*-
new patent method: any one who can read or
write can do the work in spare time, day or
o\t?n^ : J5 end for l*rt.lculars at once H. A
GRIPP, German Artist. Tyrone. Pa.
"WANTED—* boys Sunday at 10 a. m to sell
official Jubilee badges. 515 Clay si
25 p?tv?*Tn!5 rbe Bhop Rnd bath: country, near
. city, good chance; good reason for selling-
i must be sold. Address box 692. Call oiuce
HELP WAX-^D- Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied? unmarried men. between the age. of
21 and *0 years, who are citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits ana able to
speak, read and write English, and be. be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office. » Ellis at-. San Francisco. Cal.
' WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Edßolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: l;, 0 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
TO tailors- bushelman wanted; Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. to CHARLES LY-
ONS. 721 Market st. . ■■ -. - .
GUNSMITH and bicycle repairer. Call at
CLABROUGH. GOLCHER & CO.'S at 11 a.m.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter young man,
German preferred. Town Talk. 20 Ellis st.
GOOD paying barber shop for sale cheap; must
be sold this week. 43^ Third st.
GOOD barber shop for sale. Apply 225 Fifth
street.
PARTY with $150 to rent 18 acres garden land
and a 4-room house furnished. Owner, box
172. Gllroy.
BARBERS— For sale 1-chalr shoo: price $50;
Market st. ; low rent; bargain. Inquire at
Call Office. ■'
BARBER shop: 2 Columbia chairs, baths and
cigar stand; good location: established 8
years: must sell. Inquire Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle ■ Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SHOEMAKERS to get men's calf uppers.
$1 ; same price to order. Best American,
$1 50. SHIRLEY, 921 Howard st.
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes;
been slightly damaged; at less than one-
fourth their value: from 25c to $2 50. 561
Mission St., bet. First and Second sts. •
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Roome 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths. •
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. PUCHS. Spc. 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call;
want ads and subscriptions, taken.
615 LARKIN— office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken. ■
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night. 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 138^ Eighth. ■
ELCHO House. 863% Market Room. 20c.
25c to 50c night : $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS. 15c to 75c per night: 50c to $1 50 per
week Oriental. ?25 Drumm st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90e and*sl per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers aniS
clerks.. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st., below Sixth.
for ft rorrr ■ ?~> a right: J1 a itwl;
. VA -GENTS WASTED,
FIRST-CLASS canvassers wanted to solicit
subscriptions for the San Francisco Call
Scribner'p United States History Clubs: th<»
greatest United States history ever published,
costing over $100,000 for Illustrations alone:
this Is a grand opportunity for a live agent
to make money. Call or -write at once for
particulars. Address San T^Yanelsco Call,
History Department, room 120S Claus Spreck-
els building.
- HOARDING WASTED]
MIDDLE-AGED single gentleman occupying a
prominent and responsible position. Is de-
sirous of .permanently locating himself with
a liberal-minded and social family where he
could enjoy home comforts and privileges:
comfortable room or suite with freedom of
the house and breakfast: will pay good price
if suited. Address "Home." box 689, Call
office, with full particulars. ."v ' ."-,
ROOMS WASTED.
TWO single gentlemen want 2 or 3~furnlshed
rooms, with private bath: Pine or California
Fts. or cross streets not further west than
Powell; house must be absolutely quiet In the
mornine. Address, stating terms, box 713.
Call office.
LADY music teacher wishes large unfurnished
room between Market and Howard. Fourth
and Eighth sts.; half payment in piano les-
sons.
YOUNG man wants pleasant room: central; %%
to 512. Address box 722. Call office. .
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.'
YOUNG lady wishes board with rest>ectabl»
family: bet. Powell and .Tones and Pine and
Geary. Box 713. Call office.
HOME wanted in private family by gentle-
man and two children; state price. Box 705,
'"nil.
FURNITURE WAfTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
rniipn' «t. * h'fh*»«» r»M**«»« »>a*<l. To? Tii^-'i 71
ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— If you have popcorn for sale you
can get highest cash price at 711 Market St.;
send samples; will buy from 1 to 100 tons.
Crisp Co.
MINERS, ATTENTION— Wanted, a large body
of mine tailings. R. MATTHEWS, 5*2 Par-
rott building. ■
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves
etc. JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market st.
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins,
wanted: best prices; send postal. 1010 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc..
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, j24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering sur-
veying, assaying, etc. : 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 826 Montgomery st ■
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing'
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar!
ship, $50: low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech., survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve :
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons: club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day. night; $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Sth.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type-
writing: terms reasonable. 1015 A Post st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1286 Mar-
ket St.: 124 positions In '9G: 103 in '97. ;
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 928 Sutter st.
VOICE culture, piano Parts graduate: French,
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
FISK teachers' agencies in 10 cities; teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
LOST.
LOST— A valise. January 10. on train between
S. F. and Palo Alto. The finder (A. H.> wtll
please return immediately to JOHN F. ENG-
llsh. 2417 Howard St.. and secure his own
valise at depot. Third and Towns.end sts.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of HERBERT W. HARBOURNE No
207,626. The finder will please return to bank.
GENTS' small gold watch, lost bet. Market
and Halght, Tenth and Howard to Fourth
sts. ; name on Inside cover; suitable reward
Send to 3 Halght st.
BLACK book with addresses In Chicago. Den-
• ver and this city: on Kearny or Market st«<
Address MR. DEMPSEY, New Western
Hotel
LOST--On Valencia ■ st.. between Fourteenth
and Fifteenth. January 2". ladies' purse Re-
turn to MRS. M. V. RIVERS, Electric Laun-
dry. ■
LOST— long fur boa. between Brannan and
• ; Bryant sts., passing through South Park:
liberal reward. 441 Bryant st.
NEAR Van Ness aye. and McAllister St..
lady's BOld watch; sold fob; $10 reward. 647
McAllister st.
PAIR eyeglasses In case on Seventh st. near
Mission. Return to 112^ ; Seventh st.: suita-
ble reward.
BRING old gold and silver to me and get cash
for It UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FOUND.
__■___
LADY'S tan pocketbook. initial ""g/*; MeAlll^
ter, near Van Ness aye. Apply E. CERRL'TI,
109 Battery st.
I FOUND— GoId hunting case watch bearing tho
name of the owner. If latter will leave a
reward of $20 at Call business office and prove
property the, same .will , be restored.
FOUND— A glove containing Jewelry owner
can have same by proving property. $23
; Guerrero st. :- . .
j FOUND— soiled linen, at Lag-inn and
_ Waller sts.: supposedly dropped from Chinese
wagon; marked "P." Call 82 Waller St.. pay
| charges and take bundle.BUSINESS CHANCES.
STATIONERY, news agency and cigars;'
Western Addition; clearing $80 monthly; 3'
living rooms; good genuine investment. In- i
quire WILKE. 753 Market st.
DMTG store, established many years. In very I
choicest location, having the highest reputa- i
tion and a large patronage In prescriptions '
and general drug business; Important other
engagements compel owner to sell. WILKE.
753 Market st.
$750 — FIRST-CLASS restaurant and oyster
house, connected with 13 furnished rooms. In
liveliest city 33 miles from B. F. ; a rare busi-
ness offer: sickness In family cause of sale; I
actual value $1500. WILKE. 783 Market st.
$1650— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery and
bar; choicest location In Western Addition; ;
rent $45: average.' monthly receipts about !
$1500: all fresh stock: owner to leave for
_ Klondike. WILKE, 753 Market Bt.
A— sSoo; corner -grocery and bar, with 4 living
rooms, in Mission; horse and wagon: doing ■
a good paying business; no opposition within '
a block; low rent. Call WILKE, 783 Market.
A— s2".o; delicacy, branch bakery and confec-
tionery store, on Hayes st.; 2 living rooms: i
rent $16: first-class investment. WILKE. 783 i
Market st.
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO., 860V4 Market
st . will sell your business quick for cash. j
$250— PARTNER In light Indoor cash business;
well established; $83 month to each. APM- ;
STRONG. 865*4 Market st.
$SCO— CORNER liquor store; best location; sac-
rlflced account departure; sure bargain; make
offer. ARMSTRONG & CO.. 565V4 Market st. I
$L**X>— WOOD, coal, feed store; good bargain.
$7<XV— Saloon, best location In city.
$1700— Cor. grocery and bar: Western Addition.
$350— Coal oil route; well established.
$125— Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain; ;
and other good bargain*; at
ANDERSON & WINN'S. 777 Market St.
$650— REST A URANT: sure fortune to 1 or 2
men who understand the business. CURRAN
& CO.. 30 Kearny st.
|760— PARTNER wanted in saloon near Mar- I
ket and Kearny sts. : rare chance for a steady I
man. CI'RRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
GRAND opportunity for the right man as a
partner, with $2000 to $4000, to take control of ■
very profitable business; strictest Investiga- '
tion solicited; particulars given on personal
Interview; part coin can remain If so re- .
quired: no agents. Box 748, Call Office.
WANTED— Partner with $300 cash: good busi-
ness: must be willing to go to Denver, Colo.; !
Investigate. R. BENJAMIN, 111 Ellis, city. !
GOOD-payJng restaurant for sale: best loca- ;
tlon In the city; investigation allowed. 2424
Mission st.
MAN for partner: $100 capital; good-paying
business. 1015 Market, rm. 17. second floor.
FOR sale— Grocery with bar and 2 furnished
living rooms; cheap. Apply this office.
I"' 'X sale— Delicacy store, with 2 furnished
rooms, on account of sickness. 153 Seventh. I
LADY or gentleman partner in an established
matrimonial agency. Address box 709, Call. \
WELL paying saloon, first-class location. 506 '•
Clay st. . • r
FOR SALE— Whole or part small coffee saloon; I
cheap. Apply 43 Third st.
FOR sale ßestaurant: cheap; good location; :
cheap rent. lS Grant aye.. basement.
$50— BRANCH bakery and laundry, with fur-
niture; must sell this week. 511 Laguna st. i
PARTNER In dyeing and cleaning business:
must be a dyer. 929 Folsom st.
PAYING bar: good opportunity at sacrifice: I
near Baldwin: make offer. 1016 Market st.
. . i
$500— BAKERY and confectionery: the best part '
of the city; receipts $20 dally: sell on account
of other business. Box 667. Call office.
$6000— SOUND Investment to suitable party: a
gentleman of business habits can make
money. Box 735, Call office.
$225— RESTAURA NT. doing good business:
suitable man and wife. Address W. A. V.,
Call branch office, 106 Eleventh st.
STATIONERY and cigar store, with or with-
out furniture; party leaving city. 1613 Polk. ]
■ FIRST-CLASS bakery. 4 horses and 2 wagons;
good outside trade. - Inquire at Call office. |
FOR sale cheap, express wagon, horse and i
stand. 2929 Twenty-third st. :
— CIGAR stand, southeast corner New City
Hall square and City Hall aye.
BOOK, stationery and clear store, doing a
good business. 615 Larkln.
BUTCHER shop for sale. Address box 729.
Call office.
H5O — OLD - ESTABLISHED corner saloon;
worth triple; living rooms: rent $20, water
free. Particulars at 230 Third st.
SALOON, cheap: doing fair business, with liv- •■
Ing rooms; private entrance; rent $25. 666 |
Mission st., near Third.
DON'T go to Klondike, but buy saloon and
restaurant: 3232 Mission st.. nr. Twenty-
ninth: with or without Improvements: lease
6 years: large yard: hold 200 chickens; out- I
. houses; investigate; no agents.
Is4ooI $4000 — A chance of a lifetime: one of the finest
fitted up* saloons and family resort In this
city for sale: fine located corner: low rent
and long lease: owner mtist leave town to
settle up estate. Address box 656. Call.
A—s6oo;A — $600; saloon and restaurant: opposite depot;
terminus 2 car l!n»s: doing rushing business;
living and club rooms: rent $40: best busi-
ness opening In market.' Inquire WIE-
LAND'S BREWERY.
PLAY the races on our new system: $60 a week
on *100 capital: no charges unless successful.
Call or write the American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, 850 Market St., S. F.
PHOTOGRAPH gallery: fine location: good
business: 4 years' lease; bargain for cash.
Ml Mission st.
CORNER saloon, good location, south of Mar- ]
ket St.: good stock and nice fixtures: side
rooms, etc.: very reasonable. Box 694. Call, j
BLACKSMITH'S tools and stock for sale: 1
shop to let. Apply at 1129 Alabama st.; no
reasonable offer refused: must be sold. !
OLD - ESTABLISHED grocery and saloon:
good business: lease if required, or can buy
property. Apply this office.
A BARGAIN — Meat market and sausage fac-
tory: large trade: everything complete: party
leaving city. 1612 Seventh St., Alameda.
RESTAURANT and oyster house; rare
chance. Inquire ANDERSON. 34 Sixth st
P.ATF.NTS.
SMITH & OPP.ORN. Rerfst'd Patent Agents;
established 1862. 319 Pine st., city.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
$100 WILL buy a tine drinking saloon, with !
stock and fixture*. Inquire- 637 Clay st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris, 18 Grant ay.
PORTLAND apency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third st.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes sunplle.d from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento St.
125— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; suit-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye. ' '; .
ALA'KA ENTERPRISES.
ALASKA Caisson Mining and Trading Com-
pany: office No. 37 Crocker bid., S. F — The
company proposes river mining for gold In
Yukon River by means of superior invention,
to establish sawmills and machine shops and
work with great profit in other directions.
Call or write; full particulars. Shares. $10.
WANT 2* men who will ero to a favorite point
in Alaska. E. E. BUNCB, 908 Broadway, |
Oakland, Cal.
2 EXPERIENCED prosnectors want grub
stake for Alaska. Box 710. Call Office.
NEW passenger and freleht vessel for sale
. quick. MR Broadway. Oakland. CaL
PARTIES with $500 or more to build steamer
and dredger for Alaska. Box 47. Vallejo, Cal.
I HARDY young Scotchmen, holding good po- j
sitions In English vessel, would like to go to
Klondike if they could meet person with cap- j
ital willing to back them. Box 756, Call office. »
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
80-ROOM house: 2 fronts; clears $90 $ 600
24 rooms In Oakland: new furniture; clears
over $200 per mcrtth: only ; 2,500
150-room hotel; 100 boarders 10,000
14-room house, en Post 600
100-room house; fine corner 7.CV) !
27-room house on Post st 1,600 1
24-room house . near Call office tfit
84 rooms, fine corner 1,600 i
14 rooms, on O'Farrell st., only M
16 rooms, on Market, part offices R5O ;
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye.. rent $40.... COO j
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250 j
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
WINSTON *• CO.. 646 MARKET STREET.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
IK rooms, part cash: elegant, new $1,000 1
19 rooms, corner: a snap f0r........ 660 '
23 rooms, near Baldwin: only BA
26 rooms, 12 unfurnished:' rent $40 400
25 rooms, payments: rents $76: new If oo i
26 rooms, offices; will exchange for city
property.
20 rooms, part cash; bal. payments 2600
M rooms, 3 corner: rent $100 , 2000
C"! rooms, clears from $250 to $300 3200
120 rooms.: rent $120; part cash ....... 1500
GOOD chance to make money; 80 rooms: rent ;
$76: terms, half cash, balance monthly pay-
mente. 105 New Montgomery st.
FOR PALE — Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
some St. . • : . .%■■>. -yyu
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
JJO6 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
HOUSES TO . LET.
SEVEN rooms; bath; large cellar; In perfect '
order. 135 Harriet St.. bet. Folsom and Har-
rison. •
7-ROOM house; modern Improvements. 117
Julian aye., near Sixteenth and Mission ste.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? - YoU can do ! «
fo. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay
it ofT easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co.. 11 Montgomery Bt. '
ALL OVER TQtyN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN & ;
HO WELL. 10 Montgomery. ■
BUTTER, 717, near Taylor— For office and resi-
lience; 8 moms; very choice; Investigate.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
CHATTANOOGA, 100— New corner^ cottage of
furnished rooms.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOUR rooms and stable In good order. 1314 j
■T"??!* Ft. . rent reasonable.
FLATS To LET.
SUNNY bay-window fiat of 7 rooms and bath.
WE, cor. of Dolores and Fifteenth sts.
FULTON, US— Fine middle flat, 7 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; 128.
$10— UPPER flat, 3 sunny rooms; yard and ccl-
I lar. 1239 Folsom, near Ninth St. j
FOURTEENTH, 736. near Market— Handsome
: middle flat: 7 rooms.
I HAIGHT and Baker— Sunny corner 5 and 6-
room flats; good view; nice neighborhood.
SUNNY corner flat; Golden Gate aye. and Fill-
more st.; reasonable; suitable profession. ,
Apply at place. j
HARRISON/ 729',, between Third and Fourth
—Flat with 5 rooms. !
: $10— FLAT of 4 rooms, hall, double parlors. IS i
Lexlnpton aye.. near Eighteenth st.
I A— 6o NICE flats and cottages, under $10.
A— nice flats, cottages and houses, $10 up.
20 new flats at SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market. I
: $10— NEAT sunny flat, 8 rooms. 1 McCormac i
St., off Pacific.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 1C Montgomery st.
; A NICE bay-window flat; 4 rooms; $14. 14 Moss
11 . bet. 6th and 7th. near Howard.
N A ■M a 714-Flat of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar: sun all day: $10.
$22— 5- ROOM upper flat, 315 O'Farrell St.. near
Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
SUNNY' corner modern new flat. 6 rooms and •
bath. 204 Scott St.. cor. Halght.
, 329 TEHAMA St.— Modern flat 6 rooms; water;
, rent reduced.
, TURK and Pierce, NW. corner— sls; new upper
flat: 5 rooms and bath.
! TWENTY-THIRD. 372". near Dolores— Pleas-
p ant flat In good condition; 5 rooms; bath.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
. elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
EDDY, 743— Lower floor, complete for house-
keeping; also single room; call mornings.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call;
| subscriptions and want ads taken.
ELEVENTH. 120— Two nicely furnished front
rooms for housekeeping: bay window.
j FIRST. 28— bright front rooms, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $12.
' FIFTH. 325— Clean furnished housekeeping, 5,
$13; one double. $8: single,, 15.
FILBERT. 71S— 2 or I furnished housekeeping
rooms: sunny: front: grate; bath: private.
FOLSOM, 974 — Sunny housekeeping rooms,
neatly furnished, $1 50 per week.
' GOLDEN GATE. 404— Sunny floor complete for
housekeeping: also other rooms.
GOLDEN GATE. 620— Sunny parlor floor. $25;
| also other rooms.
JONES, 114— Sunny, convenient furnished flat;
I 2or 3 rooms: half of cottage.
, JUNIPER. B— Between Tenth and Eleventh, off
■ Folsom— Two large sunny rooms for house-
keeping: rent $10. or $8 with use of kitchen.
MCALLISTER, 2000 — Cheap housekeeping
rooms; also single furnished or unfurnished.*
MINNA. 111>4— Large front furnished bay-win-
dow housekeeping room: cheap.
I MISSION. 839 — $2: large sunny room, complete
for housekeeping; single rooms, $1.
MISSION, 1051— Furnished rooms for house-
j keeping.
MISSION, Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms.
! NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— Cheap furnished
housekeeping and single rooms.
NOE. 151— or three furnished front rooms;
I coal range, bath, yard; $11.
1 PERRY. 263— Unfurnished floor, 4 fine large
; sunny rooms; cheap.
' POLK. 605 — 1 pleasant good-sized housekeep-
ing room; reasonable.
, POLK. 603—2 sunny housekeeping rooms, with
yard. $10; all conveniences.
l — —
i SIXTH. 119 A —3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19— 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath: also $7 50. 4 good rooms.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ROOMS TO LET. ~~
ASH aye., 88 — Large sunny front parlor; every \
convenience- also small room.
! BUSH, "IKS, near Powell— Nice sunny front j
I room; rent reasonable.
BUSH, 726— Two newly furnished rooms for
gentlemen, at $7 and $8 per month.
BUSH. 727— Nicely furnished rooms Jn private
family: walking distance: nice neighborhood;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; very reasonable.
LEXINGTON, 212 Eddy— Large sunny front
suites: also single; for gentlemen.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FULTON. 8 (Fulton House)— Nicely furnished
rooms; single or en suite; $« and $15 up.
; GEARY, Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
?6 and $7. '
GEARY. 518 — Elegant sunny housekpg rooms,
; complete; also double, single; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 219-Furnlsh.- 1 front
bay-window room; also hall and side rooms; ]
$4 up.
GROVE. 402^— Sunny, large bay-window and
connecting loom with bath.
HOWARD, 71', ST. DAVIDS— rooms;
suites; single: sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 1518 A —Furnished rooms to let;
single or en suite.
HYDE, 1412— Newly furnished suites, with or
without housekeeping; also single rooms; ref-
erences.
JESSIE. 1443. near Fourteenth— Single fur-
nished room, $4; lady or gentleman; private.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Bt.— Pleasant ;
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
LARKIN, 327— Newly furnished sunny front
rooms, near Pavilion, for Jubilee visitors.
I MARKET, 850— Elegantly furnished suites and
single rooms for Jubilee visitors. .*...»■.
MARKET, 1032-^(New management); fine. clean
rooms, $1 to $2 50 per week; transient. 26c up.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room; 4
windows: 30x40 feet; carpeted: $25.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished sunny rooms, single or suites;
I terms reasonable.
! MARKET. 1926— (The Hawthorne)—
i unfurnished; single rms., suites; Jubilee vis.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
O'FARRELL, GSSH— Nicely furnished front
parlor, folding bed. suitable 1 or 2 gentlemen.
POST. MM Sunny furnished room In private
family; use of kitchen, or board of desired;
cheap to desirable party. -
POWELL. 1";: Nice suite of rooms or single
rooms: rent cheap: also. transient.
POWELL, 208— (The Montello)— Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL, 233— New house; newly furnished;
I suits and single; also office rooms.
CENTRAL House, 52 Second— Bay window
room, with stove, $2 60 week; single rooms, fl.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh , and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms.' en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
I SEVENTII. Nicely furnished. sunny
rooms from $6 up.
SEVENTH, Large nicely furnished front
room; large closet; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 142 Furnished suites and single
: rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
STEVENSON, fi2r>4. bet. Sixth and Seventh—
2 nicely "furnished rooms en aulte; $10 per
month: private family. .
STOCKTON. 17, European— Elegant rooms;
suite or single; day, week or month: baths;,
hot. and cold water: transient: elevator.
STOCKTON. Gil, near Pine— Three splendidly
furnished' large" rooms, and floors of three
unfurnished looms, large garden. .
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUABY 27, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
THE STANFORD. Butter— Suits, single
rooms for Jubilee visitors, 50c to $1 50 day.
BUTTER, 715-719. and 609 Hyde— Furnished and
unfurnished; choice for offices; reasonable;
Investigate.
SUTTER. 715-719. and COS Hyde— runt— arfd
unfurnished; choice for offices; reasonable.
TAYLOR. So4— Front suite, elegantly furnished;
pretty neighborhood; walking distance; suit-
able for 1 or I gentlemen; $38: references re-
quired.
TURK, 126— Furnished room. sultaui' for a gen-
tleman; $5 a month.
VAN NESS aye., 410— Sunny parlor, housekeep-
ing privileges; single room, running water. $8.
600 BUSINESS cards printed $1: 15 visiting
cards. 26c. HILL. 724'^ Market st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
615 LARKIN— Bra:-,' office of The Call; sub-
scilptiuns and want ads taken.
DOARDING AND ROOM?
EDDY. Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board. $3 50.
FELL. 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board. $35.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY; beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
TURK. 812— Nice rooms and board In private
family; bath, grate, excellent table; cara pass
the door; terms $20 up.
VAN NESS aye.. Newly furnished Bunny
rooms: g"".| hoard: terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
YOUNG English lady will take chlldrinirTher
own home: good location; nice garden. Ad-
dress S., Box 11 Call office, Oakland.
STORES TO LET.
j $20— STORE to let: corner Oak and Franklin;
: suitable for any business. 15 Grant aye.
BLACKSMITH: large shop; 2 flres; fine loca-
tion; $15. 1223 Fell st .
$26— FURNISHED large fireproof store; center
of business, St. Helena; long leaee. Address
lock box 13, St. Helena, Cal.
839 HAVES ST - Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OFFICES TO LET.
: 21? SANSOMF. st . now occupied by W. Loalza
& Co. APHTON. 411 Montgomery st.
STAI LBS TO LET^
STABLE of 4 stalls, ulngle or as a whole, to
responsible party. 829 Eddy Ft
STABLE and 2 rooms, kitchen, bath. etc.. for
party with buggy or light wagon; rent rea-
sonable; reference required. Apply 211 Third
hyp., near Clement st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. $5. $C. $7. $£. $3.
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. Purcahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice." SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter Fts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano It will pay you to
consult us. Why? Because we buy only In
carload lots, pay cash for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20
O'Farrell St.. Curt;iz block.
CONOVER, slightly used. $350.
Stelnway. slightly used. $275.
Chickerlng. second hand. $190.
Large stock. lowest prices, rent. Installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market «t.
, PIANOS at cut prices; Improve th? opportu-
nity: agency famous Halnes Bros.. Bush *
Certs and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 321 Post.
AT GARDNER A ~GLASSELL,S. 20S Post st .
you will find a Urge and varied stock of
pianos; prices and terms as reasonable as
any house In the city.
DECKER & BON pianos are always satisfac-
tory. Get low prices from Mauvals Music
Co., 769 Market st. - *•
SOHMER&Co., Byron Mauty. Newby, Evans,
Bripgs and other pianos; see our rent plan:
no Interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post. •
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell piano* nt
immense reduction for ra*h or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 733 Market st.
SACRIFICED — Elegant upright piano; must
sell. 230 Kearny St.. room 2G.
SMALLEST ad. lowest 'price. Heine. 138 Ellis.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ. It
McAllister Bt.. near Hlbernla Bank.
HORVUNG'S new style pianos: most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. 216 Post st.
KINGSBURY (1597 model) Is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT. E26 Hayes st.
SUPFRIOR violins. rlthers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
61K LARKTN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want mis taken.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities, no matter
what cause: Instant relief for travelers: a
cure effected at once without delay; safe and
sure at. any time; private home in confine-
ment: best rare and attention: ladles In
trouble or suffering from any complaint pe-
culiar to their sex should consult the re-
liable specialist of lone and -successful prac-
tice before going elsewhere; every CM* guar-
anteed; consultation free anil confidential
DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
A PROCESS that Is perfectly harmless; never
falls in any cane of monthly sickness, no
matter what cause: no electricity humbug
or other dangerous methods: money tn every
case refunded If a cure is not effected;
travelers helped Immediately; years' experi-
ence; home In confinement with Kanltnrlan
conveniences. Consult free the only reliable
physicians. DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 14 Mc-
Allister st., next Hibernia bank; hours, 9
a. m. to 6 and 7 to 8 p. m.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored nt once: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: Instant relief for travelers; tunjors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement;
. best cur«" and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where: re>rulnUnc pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WTETH, 918 Post st., near Larkln.
ALL of Dr Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
at volute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure: no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
rpeclai diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chesing elsewhere, write us. !
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicine* and others
hay» failed; no Instruments used: many
year*' experience; every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable: first-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 1126 Market St.. over Owl Drugstore,
EITRE cure, whin ethers fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what caj*f-: restore In 1 day: never falls: con-
sultation free; can be sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny. Orders by tele.
LADIES, Chlchester** English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best; safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c. stumps, for particulars
"Relief for Ladles," letter by return mall* at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla. -
A LOON to wlv'« and mothers— price
$1 50. RICHARDS * CO.. 406 Play St.: send
2c »tamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. Ml X it., Sacramento, Cal.
GOODWIN, diseases of women: ladles;
safe, quick cure guaranteed; any ailment;
maternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-cure, $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles wlUi
*CITM •' tr-i^r'es: no danger: safe, cur- !2 '.*
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until no late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agent*. Oakland. Cal.
FEMALES In trouble consult a reliable physi-
cian; monthlies restored nt once; low fee- fe-
male pills. $1 50. DR. SMITH. 1608 Market at.,
1 to 4, 7 to 8 p. m.
STERILITY cured by Mm, Dr. Fattier, gradu-
ate midwife, 1709 Powell Ft.; tel. lieii 2641.
DR. HALL, 14 McAllister st . near Jones-
Diseases of women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible safe reme-
dies; 8$ years experience. 254*4 Fourth «t.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 ?th St.. Alameda.
DRS. K. A- K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
•k'n or private diseases. . r Jfason st . S. F
ATTORNEYS AT LAV*.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
, W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also !
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
- carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
• rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
GEORGE— WiII be in the office at 2 to-morrow, I
January 25. L. H.
PRACTICAL hypnotism and suggestive thera-
peutics taught; diseases and habits cured.
4024 Geary it. •. .
PHRENOLOGICAL examinations. Instructions !
In phrenology and human magnetism. 40C4
O'Farrell st. .
I KNOW from ' long experience what style
pleases • the best; halrdresslr.^, 25c; good '
switches, $1; finest, best quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long. $0: Monday open all day. except
from 11 to 2. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
NEW method massage; electric treatment for
nervousness, general debility; fat reduced*
Hours, 10 to 6. MRS. JOHNSON, 5144 Geary.' '
1000 CARDS. -fIM; ICOO bill heads. $190: 1000 I
statements. $1 90: 1000 letter heads. $2 50- 1000 1
envelopes. $1 90; printed first class: orders of I
$« eer.t free. BROWN & BLEY CO.. print-
ers and photo-engravers. 19 to 27 Stevenson.
DR. CONDORY'S
Klondike condensed food - capsules. Price
100 capsules $10. 1000 capsules $30. Address '
DR. V. CONDORY.
989 Howard st.
PROF. J. GREVEN will Introduce three more
talent to the public In their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall. on January 26, IS9S. Miss
M.- De Chent, dramatic soprano; Miss L
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. "M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
BIG outdoor stcreoptlcon show every night cor-
ner Market and Sixth Bts.; artistic advertise-
ments In living light; promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third s,t.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 (0 to 16 per week;
free .bus and bags-age to and from the ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate, Swedish nurse;
baths; genuine massage; Swedish movement;
ladlys, gents#So6 Market St.. room 25. 2d floor. !
ADVICE free: divorce laws Specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
Pan Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St.. R. F.
SUIT to order on . easy installments. L.
LEMOB. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
QUINONIA hair tonic: a preparation unsur-
passed; SSc. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
$14— Suit to order: samples: try one. -NEU-
HAL'S ft CO.. tailor*. 115 Kenrny st.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale flares. 20 Fansome st.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. r>H. .WELCH. Hl« Bush.
CHFAPFST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. • ■
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
J- up; dresses male over. ( E<l-1v •>* <-m 'I.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
I MRS. DR. F. CLAKK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en- '
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life: she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections; unites the separated, recov-
er* lost, stolen or burled property: locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m. to 60. m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms. 23 & 26. UN Market, opp. «th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and second sight:
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.. 50c:
rents $1; palm. & clalrv.: sit. $150. 126 Turk.
MME. LE NOR~MANDE: clairvoyant, card-
r-;ifVr. magnetic treatment; hours 10 to 4.
401 L<-,avenworth st.
RAY FAlR— rard reader: magnetic healing- a
specialty. 22.", Post st.. room 2.
MISS LOLA M STEVENS, card-reading and
magnetic treatment. 22." Mason, suite 1-2.
MRS MADENA. medium and palmist; read-
ings 25c this week: satisfaction gar'td. ?« 6lr.
MISS MELVILLE" great clairvoyant and
water reader. 9214 Mission St., opp. Mint.
MME. LINEMAR tells fortunes by planets:
prd'td "74 steamer on Island. 234 Sixth, r. 6.
MME. HANSEN palmist, card-writer; past;
present and" future: Oft 14-; Sixth, room 5.
MME. LINDEN, card readrr and majrnetlst.
has returned: charms. 126 Fourth St.. room. 23.
MME. ZINELLA. the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12, IOT Grant aye.
MME. JOSIE TAYLOR, card reader and genu-
ine magnetlst. 223 Post St.. room 11, 2d floor.
MME WOODS, card reader, mind reader,
magnetic charms. 207 Post St., room 8.
MME. MOREATT. test medium, clairvoyant,
card reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth nt.. upstairs
MRS. FAIRBANKS, clairvoyant and palmist;
readings Be and Me. Room 1. ios Sixth st.
MME. MABEL HALL, card reader, has located
at 1104 Mission St.. room 10.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 1234 Sixth »t.. room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
f*s»ion: never falls; advice: help. S2» Post.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 12S Seventh St., second floor.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture 2"c; ladles 914,,0'Farrell St.
MME. SOdan. Scotch seeress. card-reader and
palmist. 619 Eddy. 8 to 8 P. M.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, mind reader and
palmist. 131 Taylor st., room 3.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: nnTTies given: ?"c un. T. Fourth nt.
SPIRITUALISM.
DR;COONLEY'S special spirit photograph and
slate-wntln* seance to-night; 2"c ; sittlnes
dally: satisfactory readings by mall, $1 50.
1104 Market st.
ELSIE REYNOLDS has removed to 330 Ellis
Ft.: materializing seance Friday eve.. 50c.
MME YOUNG'S test circle to-night. Me con-
vincing tests; 605 McAllister st. ; fine music.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slat tar; de-
veloplng circle Wednesday eve. 118 Halght st.
MRS. MAYO STEERS. 1124 Oak: circles
Tues. 8 p.m., Thurs. 2 p.m.: 2'c; readings $1.
MRS HOSKINS. spiritual medium: circle
Tues..- 8 p. m.. 25e: readings. $1. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth. $5; painless extraction: see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates: crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings 60c, crowns
$3 CO; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental. Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry: no shock: painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings. 25c up:. gold crowns. $3 50 up: your
teeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
897 Market at., cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jessie 635.
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction, 60c;
plates. $5; gold filling, 75c up: silver. 25c up;
plates' mended, $1 up: special Inducements
to Kiondlkers; open evenings and Sundays.
969 Mission St.. cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th: no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per Bet: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
Ist. discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
$3— FULL set of teeth; best make; kept in
repair; extracting free: fillings. 5<V; crowns,
$3 CO. Pacific Dental Parlors. IS Third at.
ALLEN GRIFFITHS, dentist, has resumed
practice. 44 Donohoe bldg. Market & Taylor.
L. A. TEAOUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.,' 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
W. c. HARDING. M D.. 500 gutter st . cor.
Powell; tel. Main 6375: painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY.. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .
COLTON D»ntal A*soe4a**na. M Market st"
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; deans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr '
1$ and 40 ' Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end ■to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-67 Tehama Et. : tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleanlnz
Works, 14 Sth St.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie ML
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 419 gutter;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, lc; laying. Jc; rug samples free;
tel Jessie 844. Stratton. 3 Eighth. ' - '
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like. new.
23 Tenth; tel. South 86. Mackintosh & Co. .
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleanlnc Sc a yard: tel. Mis. 74. ,
CONK LIN" carpet-beating works, 333 Golden"
I Gate aye. ' Telephone East 126.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL. GETZ * BROTHER.
Roor "A." . First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100. $150 to $230— Level lots to build on. near
Mission st. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
$350, $400, $450 to $S3o— Graded lots and
streets; splendid view of park; $25 down and
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$400. $430 to Choicest building lots In
Richmond: perfect bargains; buy now; easy
Installments. SOL GETZ ft BROTHER.
Corner 25x120; splendid 4-room cottage
and basement: on Fifteenth aye., near Clement
St.; easy terms.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
CROCKER BUILDING.
■ __________IZ^Z
HOTEL for sale. In a thriving town, within
one hour's journey of the city: containing 50
rooms, bath. etc. modern brick building on
low lease; new furniture for sale: low price;
easy terms: good paying trade: bar about $30
per day. Apply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE &
CO.. 638 Market st. .
LOT taken as part pay for building house or
flats. 1310 Hayes st. -■ .-■-.-
STOP paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home Is worthy of
a great struggle. -
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled, fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern improvements up to date: must be seen to
be appreciated: $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Portland aye. and
Mission St.. to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
3:30 p. m. ; take Mlssion-st. cars to Cortland ay.
NEW 4-room. bath, pantry, high basement;
also 6-room. rented $1": leaving San Fran-
cisco: no reasonable offer refused. Box 772,
Call office.
PROPERTY for sale and to let. all parts of
city and country. GEO. W. H. PATTERSON
& CO., Real Estate, Ins. Brokers, 1709 Mkt.
$650 WILL hitild 4-room cottage complete:
will call OEO. M SALSBURY. builder. 521 I
X St.. Sunset District.
4-RM. cottar* and lot.- $1500: 1 block from Mis-
sion cars: $16 monthly. BABIN.- 413 Kearnv.
MOSEY TO low
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate: 2d
& M mortgages, estates, undivided interests,
real estate in probate, life insurance, goods in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies boueht: no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. ' -
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 9« Market St.: tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and KU per cent:
also on second mortgages: life Insurance and
real estate in probate: any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
1 commission; lowest Interest; part payments
received: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market st., room 63.
1 $1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds: low interest:
perfect secrecy: private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth st.. upstairs; strictly private: low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established 1«i«9.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland: no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up:
private party. RONFT/LI. 405 Geary st.
ON furniture. pianos: no commission low
rates; private. SCRIBNER. 7 City Hall Sq.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d morte-aees, estates In pro-
bat", etc. Room 7. SOS California st.
$50 TO $.".0,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Drvden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any sum' Ist and 2d mort-
gages v estates, etc. MTTIPHY. 62S Mkt st.
jOn pianos, furniture: no removaj: lowest
rate-: no com.: private.. 116 McAllister st
'10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and Jewelry.
—^— —^ — .— —— « — — —
FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS. 330 Montgomery Loans on life
Insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rat«f. McAFFE BROS.. 10* Montgomery st.
w^ TEAS. '
».'"-' .' 1 r;
TEAS,
10. 25, $0, S5. 40. 50 per pound.
COFFEES,
10. 15, 20. 25. SS. 40 per pound.
SPICES.
10. 15. 20. 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING lee BTORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES.
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines. 2il hand, machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAH. 137 Beale st.
5000 ORANGE boxes (In s-hooks); 500 pickle
ken; liYl rash boxes. Apply E. A. BUSH-
ELL, 1235 Broadway, Oakland.
ST. BERNARD dog.. 113. pounds, good for
Klondike. 6SS Third St.. Oakland.
CHICKEN men— Best feed for 10c barrel. 714
Market st. : call immediately.
ENGINE, boiler. dynamo. motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
SEVERAL well bred Japanese pug dogs for
sale. Call at 449 Bryant st.
NEAT pair diamond screws for $12; cost $30
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FOR SALF— A short sealskin Jacket; $35. Ap-
| ply IMA Hayes st. -">'-,
! SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
! . ever. Hermann Safe Factory, 633 Sacramen-
| to st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
FINE dog. Great Dane. 14 years old: weight
. 115: Just fit for Klondike. Box 731. Call.
THOROUGHBRED young St. Bernard dog for
Alaska. Fifth and Delaware ft?.. West
Berkeley.
CARPENTER shop with a good business. Ap-
ply 712 Larkln et. t
: 5000 PAIR shoe lasts: also dealer In second-
hand tools, machinery, etc. : mall orders
promptly attended to. 646 Mission st.
' OLD buildings bought and removed at short
notice. Apply Old Bay District Track build-
ings or 629 A Ellis. J. B. FRENCH.
FINE saloon front, embossed -stained glass,
nickel plate, very cheap. 1166 Mission st.
GAS stoves for heating, one.-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. ■ HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate five.
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS A CO.. 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand : all
I sizes: half original cost. 1C»-111 Market. S. F.
i PHOPHONES. $10: Records, $5 per 'do*.:
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupt. 933-946 Mrkt
; COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press.
desk and safe cheap. 101 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture -and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-band. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
BARS, -showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission.- near Seventh.
FOR SALE— Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st. ■ ■ •■
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, millers, . shaftlne. laundry
■ machinery, etc. ■ SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
. SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
.;-:> ■ ;:-. STORAGE.
■ iow~"~rates— Furniture! carpets, piano*,
household goods; clean, light compartment*:
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 103
Mission st.. above Sixth: open . evenings. ''.
AT lowest rates — Household Koods.- pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. ;W.
ZEHFUSS. S4O Mission. st. Tel. Mint IS2X.
TYr-EIVRITEIiij. '
REMINGTON No. 3: fin* order; $25: sample
I sent. SCOTT & BANNAN. 233 Montgomery.
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
2Too6~ACREsTT r " rrj " IJ " Lrj " J"""'J """'" riJ '.
26,000 ACRES ! I
A MAGNIFICENT CATTLE RANGE.
A MAGNIFICENT CATTLE RANGE.
Flanking Capay Valley, the well known !
early fruit center in Yolo County. We offer
for sale five separate adjoinnig cattle or sheep
ranches, aggregating 26.550 acres of land. To
be sold as a whole or singly, at from $2 25 to
$4 per acre. These ranches possess all the
necessary requisites for a grand cattle or sheep !
range, having well watered, open and timbered
lands; growing in abundance the natural i
grasses. Not having been pastured for a year
or two. they are In fine condition. They were
taken in for the mortgage by the Bank of '
Woodland, and are offered at less than the
foreclosure price.
This bank also controls some of the best
FRUIT and GRAIN LANDS in Capay Valley
and in other desirable locations in the State,
which we are offering at very low prices.
FROM $2 TO $40 PER ACRE.
■Call or send and get a, catalogue of these
lands, with price list.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. •
IN SUBDIVISIONS !~!
IN SUBDIVISIONS ! !
AT ASSESSED VALUE ! !
AT ASSESSED VALUE ! !
A grand opportunity— We offer for sale 6000
acres of the estate of Sarah Blake (deceased)
In' subdivisions, at exactly the County Asses- '
sor's valuation. There Is no better land In the
State for GRAIN. FRUIT. VEGETABLES and I
ALFALFA. It lies on the Merced River, on
the line of the proposed Merced and Yosemite I
Valley Railroad, and has unsurpassed possi-
bilities for supplying the great mountain and j
Yosemite Valley trade with fruit, vegetables
and dairy products. Just think of it.
tn plats of 35 acres and upward.
At prices of from $3 to $20 per acre.
Write now for particulars to
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.
TO LET— An orange orchard of about ten acres I
In full bearing, with about 100 acres of first-
class raisin grape vines, and combined with
an orange tree nursery which alone disposes
of from $2000 to $3000 worth of young trees j
each year. The property can pay from $3000 !
to $5000 annual profit; will be let for a term
of years: delightful locality and residence; |
centrally situated In Placer County, near
. railroad;, workmen skillfully experienced
connected, who can be retained at ordinary
wages; building. implements, etc., com-
plete: good roads for driving; good neigh-
bors; pure, running water; country club short
distance: picturesque scenery; oaks, willows, |
etc.: one desiring a pleasant foothill resi- ;
denes can combine an easily conducted, i
profitable business; a few thousand dollars j
capital required to conduct: owner having
large interests and necessarily absent much,
cannot- give time. Address for printed de-
1 scription. Orange Orchard, Rocklin, Placer
County, Cal. j •- ..
GOING at a sacrifice; an elegant ranch
of 25 acres, near he town of Llvermore; 10
acres in bearing fruit, eight years old: being
prunes, pears and almonds; balance In hay
land: the buildings on the same were .lust
completed last spring at a cost of $2400: good :
house of 6 rooms and bath: cement basement: \
fine tank house with servant's room in same, i
together with a good windmill: an excellent !
well of water piped to the house and barn ,
and over the ground: large barn. 40x60: price j
of place before Improvements were put up I
was I4ROO. but in order to make a quick sale \
party Is willing to sacrifice and sell at this I '
figure; the house Is pertly furnished. Includ-
ing carpets, stoves, etc., which will go with
the place. GEO. B. M. GRAY. Real Estate
and Insurance Broker, 454 Ninth St.. Oak-
land.
2000 ACRES of coal land In one body for sale.
For particulars apply to NEIL MUNRO, Russ
House. 141 Montgomery St.. S. F., Cal. j
WANTED— To exchange 2000 acres of good !
grain land close to town for San Francisco,
Oakland or Alameda property: equity al-
lowed: principals only. Box 757. Call.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, nnyahle on very easy terms,
apply to room 703. Claus Spreckels building.
LITTLE homes close to town; Improved: easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10 i
years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City; :
every Monday at 632 Market St.. S. P.
HOUSE of 9 rooms: modern: yard 150 by 200 !
feet: greenhouse plants. rood water, stable !
and chlrken yard; also goldfish pond; big bar-
gain Call at this office.
80 ACRES good redwood timber land. Men-
doclno County; party going away. 521 Va-
lencia st.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United !
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage '
free. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS!
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WHY not look Into this If you desire a rare
homesltc? Large lots for $200 upward; $10
cash and any sum you can afford to pay
monthly: build your own home or we will '
build It for you: Galindo Tract, East Oak-
land: the soil and climate Is superb: all lev^l,
with grand view: city water and sewer; fine j
public school and electric cars; streets all I
graded and macadamized: nice homes sur-
rounding and building up rapidly: call or
send for circular. 459 Ninth St.. bet. Broad-
way and Washington st.. Oakland; carriage |
free. H. 7. JONES. Owner. I
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS IN ALAMEDA HOMES.
FINE two-story house en Broadway: lot BOx
140; price $2400. Neat two-story house on
Buena Vista aye.: lot T0xl50: price $1400.
Five-room cottage on Buena Vista aye.; lot
Cox]o2: price $1600. Large 9-room cottage with
1 basement, on Taylor aye.; lot 50x140; price
i $2650. . V .-'
Two new 5-room cottages on Taylor aye.: lot
I 33x100; price $2000. New 6-room cottage on
I Santa Clara aye.; lot 33x110: price $2C50.. For
I Investment — A fine corner, fronting 115 feet on
a business street, with 4 stores rented: will \
sell for $7500: worth $14,000: half purchase
price may remain on property. Several other
bargains. Call at 1503 Webster St.. Alameda,
next f) drugstore. A. R. DENKE Sr. -t;..-.j
JUST like paying rent.
— Colonial cottage. 4 rooms and bath.
Handsome cottage near station. ' < '-;"'- .,
$3250— House of 6 rooms: all modern conveni-
ences. •
,0 — Colonial cottage, fi rooms: fine grounds.
MARCUSE & REMMET,. Bay st. station
(broad gauge), Alameda: 62S Market St., San
Francisco Onen Sundnvs and holidays. ■-' ■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGF,
160-ACRE ranch. Kern County: 70 acres In
alfalfa: will sell 40 or SO acres.
7-room house. Oakland, lot 30x100 $2,500
I 22-acre ranch. Improved In fruit 3,500
j House 4 rooms, lot 90x117, 1000 pigeons 1,600 j
100 other places. What have you to offer? '
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth. j
I GOOD-RENTING ' Oakland property - to ex-
change for ranches. EDSON & TURTON,
1209 Broadway, Oakland. . .
HORSES.
HORSE and cart for sale. 1926 Leavenworth
St.. near Union. . " •• ■
■WANTED— Team of horses for light country
work for good care and board. 534% Turk st.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads broke horses; 1200 to
1600 pounds. 145 Valencia st.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses: must
sell. T. P. NEWELL. ISO 2 Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
. carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.. auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.-
60 HEAD of horse* suttnM* fo' any business |
Old Turk street Car Stnble. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
_ _ ,-^_^_,, .
SECOND-HAND grocery. bakery delivery j
wagons, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth i
and .Valencia «t». ■_• j
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and j
good 3-sprlnc delivery wagon. 1161 Howard. !
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap !
for cash or Installments ;• 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30 :
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip- !
tions and want ads taken.
LEGAL NOTICES. ?
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived application* to mine by the hydraulic :
process from O. M. Henry. in the Murphy i
diggings, near Volcano, Amador County, to '
deposit tailings in Rancheria Creek; • from :
George A. Gritton. In th« Clapboard Gulch
mine, near Volcano, Amador County, to de- |
posit tailings in Sutler Creek: from Frank J.
Goyan, in the Cox mine, near Placervllle, El
Dorado County, to deposit- tailings In a ra-
vine: from J. M. Longnecker. In ' the Hull
placer mine, .near Genesee, Plumas ' County,
to deposit tailings in a ravine, and from E.
. Becker and Robert Mooney, in the Home- ;
. stake mine, near Amador City, Amador
County, to deposit, tailings in Rancheria i
Creek, gives notice that . a meeting will be '
held at room 58. Flood building. San Fran- i
cisco, Cal., on February 7, 1898, at 1:30 p. m. j
FURNITURE FCR SALE.
THE balance of house at 1407 Powell st., must
be sold before to-night; 1 fine walnut ward-
robe. 2 folding beds, 2 sideboards, IS Vienna
chairs, carpets, 2 lounges. 2 bedroom sets,
rugs, pool and card tables and l French
marble clock: at a bargain: cost $75, etc. -
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
■ V Wednesday, January 26. -
Stmr Mackinaw, Littleneld, S3 hours from
| Tacoma; 3500 tons coal to S P Co; Oakland di-
rect.
SAILED.
Wednesday. January 28.
Aus stmr Burma. Mikullcieh, Nanalmo.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. 3
f. ce * cr T p - Gross and Annie L. Derninsr. 32-26.
Milo Perak and Anne Rustan. 33—27
Carlo Sbragla and Georgia Tranchlnl. ' 25—24.
i-dward O'Neill and Loretta Jacotte. 34— 25.
Julius de Smet" and Eliza H. Johnson. 31—31.
J. L. Alexander and Gertrude Meyers, 22—20.
Oswald Wallace and Maude E. Bryan 23—19.
Henry Meyer and Anna M. C. Mever, 2"— 19.
Frank F. Parry and Phamy M. Brown. 21 — 16.
James E. Harper and Laura O. Brown. 24-19.
VV illiam Sharpe and Cassle M. Mills. 2S—
J. K. Gehrig and Carrie A. Kingsley, 60—68.
Harry J. Giving and Sarah Roach, 50— 3 S. '
•r J 'Sf F * Brunckhorst and Mlna S. Hennlngs,
85 — 29.
! BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
i mail will not be inserted. They must be
: handed In at either of the publication offices
I and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub«
llshed.
BORN.
COLOMBAT— In this city, January IS, IMS, t«
the wife of Henry Colombat. a daughter.
DIEKEN— In this city, January 19, IS3S, to th»
wife of Henry Dieken, a son.
SIMPSON— In this city. January 24. 189S, to
the wife of James G. Simpson, a son.
MARRIED. • ; ~~" "
i BLOOM-MARCOWITZ— In this city. January
9. IS9B. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Wolf Bloom
and Flora Marcowitz, both of San Francisco.
JONAS— ROSENBERG— In this city, January
9. IS9S, by the Rev.. M. S. Levy. Sigmund
Jonas and Viole Rosenberg, both of San
Francisco.
ECHAEFER— PARSONS— In Salinas, January
25, 1898, by the Rev. J. W. Bryant. Alexan-
der C. Schaefer and Grace Parsons.
;■:.:' ' died.
Balne, Kate M. i Jackenfelt, Andrew :
Badlam. Alex Leary, Ellen
Booth. Warren A. [ Mahran, John B.
Chandler. William S. | Murphy, Nellie
Crosett. James T. j McCarty. Edward
Gardiner. Baldwin | Petri. Bettie
Haroliison. Emll j Sandberger, Corallnn
Heincke, Edward Sovea, William
Holbrook, Benjamin Stuart. Charles
; Joplin, Herman L. J Thompson, Viola C.
: BAINE— In this city. January 25, IS?. 1 !, Kate
M., beloved daughter of Mrs. Mallnda and
the late Judge A. C. Balne, a native of Mls-
sissipl. aged 47 years. ■ ■ ; .
i BADLAM— In this city. January 26. IS9B. Alex
Badlam. beloved husband of Mary Badlam,
and father of Alexander T. and Edgar B. Bad-
lam and Mrs. Frank Bradford, a native of
Kirtlan, Ohio, aged '62 years 4 months and
10 (Jays. • • '
E7"Friends are respectfully Invited to. at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 2
o'clock, from his late residence, 1024 Franklin
street. Interment private. Kindly omit flow-
ers.
| BOOTH— In this city. January 23, IS9S. War-
ren Allen, dearly beloved husband of S. A.
Booth, M. D., and father of Lula Booth, a
native of New York, aged 55 years.
E7"Funeral this day (Thursday), at 11
o'clock, from the parlors of Gantner A
Guntz. 8 and 10 City Hall square, where fu-
neral services will be held. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemtery. ..
CROSETT— In this city. James Thornton, be-
loved son of James H. and the late Har-
riet Thornton Cros&t, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 12 days.
EyFuneral and Interment private.
CHANDLER— In this city, January 25, IS9B,
William 5... beloved husband of Catherine A.
Chandler, and father of Katherlne A.. Wil-
liam S., Joseph F., Albert E., Mabel G. and
Ruth C. .Chandler, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 68 years 2 months and 16 days.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 113 Duncan street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery..
1 GARDINER— In this city. January 26. 1898.
Baldwin, beloved husband of Ella Shelly
Gardiner, and father of Baldwin Jr. and Ev-
erett Ward Gardiner, a native of New York,
City, aged 59 years I months and 4 days. -
HAROLDSON— In this city. January 25. 1898.
Emll, beloved husband of Mary Haroldson;
a native of Sweden, aged 37 years.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, re m the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inte'.ment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HEINCKE— In this city, January 25. 1898, Ed-
ward Heincke. a native of Mecklenburg, Ger-
many, aged 75 years. «
i . (CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street,
thence to 510 Bush street, where the services
will be held under the auspices of California
Stamm No. 70, U. O. R. M.. commencing at
2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
HOLBROOK— In this city. January 26. 1898.
Benjamin F., beloved husband of Julia A.
Holbrooke, a native of New Hampshire, aged
66 years.
Hi?" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 11
o'clock, from his late residence, 37 Liberty
street. Interment private.
JOSLIN— this city. January 25. 1898, Her-
man Lester, beloved husband of Isabelle Jos-
lin. and father of Ethel. Olive. Edna, Edith
and Lester Joslin. a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged %' years and 2 'months. -•
CTFrionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully "invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 65 Douglass street, near Seventeenth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JACKENFELT— In this city. January 24. 189 S.
Andrew Jackenfelt, a native of Xiussla, aged
38 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of' Porter & White, 122 Eddy
street. Funeral under the auspices of Court
San Fnnclsco No. 7, F. of. ■A. - Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEARY— In Santa Clara. January 86. 1898,
Ellen, beloved wife of Daniel Leary, and
aunt of John "White, a . native of | Rosscar-
berry. Ireland, aged 84 years. / "
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 8 Elwood street, off O'Farrell, near
Mason, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McCARTY— In Angels Camp. Calaveras County,
Cal.. Edward, beloved husband of Flora Mc-
Carty, son of Mrs. -V. D. Selth and the late
Eugene McCarty, and brother of George,
Charles and Albert Selth and Mrs. D. R.
Ridge, a native of Boston, Mass.. aged ■33
years. (Boston and South Beaton papers
please copy.) . . . • '
! MURPHY— this city, January 26. 1898, Nel-
lie, beloved daughter of the late Timothy and
Bridget Murphy, and beloved sister of Mrs.
- James Roach, the late John Murphy and Mrs.
- P. McKenna, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years and 3 months. ...
C?"Frien<}«! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-morrow
((Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. James Roach. 24 Minna
street, thence to St. Patrick's - Church for.
* services, commencing at 2 o'clock- Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MAHRAN— this city, January 25, 1598. John
8.,' beloved son of Hannah and the . late
James Mahran, and brother of Edward and
James Mahran and Mrs. William H. Carter,
a native of San Mateo County, Cal., aged 23
years and 10 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day.
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from* the resi-
dence of his mother. 72* ■ Fourteenth street, •
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where .1
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for.
the repose of his soul, commencing, at 9 .
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PETRI— In this city. January 26. IMS. Bettie,
wife of Arnold Petri. a native of Bremen,
Germany, aged 47 years.
SANDRERGER— this city, January 25. 1893,
Coratinn. beloved wife of Eugene Sandber-
ger, mother of George D. Miles, and daugh-
ter of Rebecca McKenzle, a- native of New
York City, aged 45 years. (Plainfleld. N. J.,
\ and Kingston, N. V.. papers please copy.)
[T? Friends and acquaintances are • respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral this day "
Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from 103 O"Farrell
street.  Members of ■ Justice Circle No. ■ 104.
Companions of the ' Forest, are requested to .
attend the fun*rar'cfr the D, O. C. C.
j SOVEA— In this city. January : 20. IS9S. Wil-
liam Sovea, a native of ' Canada, " aged . 73 '
years. . • .
STUART— In this ! city. January 24. 1898,
Charles Stuart, a • native of I Massachusetts,
aged ■ year*. ■ .
tcy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, . from the parlors :of
*J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. . In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . '' 'W§S?£Ss»ta93|
THOMPSON— In this city, January 26. • 1593.
Viola C. . v beloved wife of the late Gideon
Thompson, a native of Indiana. ;-.: ;v
; (T7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
I'McAVOY fir GALLAGHER, ' I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
. .. 20 FIFTH ST., Op?; Lincoln Schoal. . I
__^___-.. : Telephone. South 80. .' •■': " :■• ■ .1
1314
THIEVES
LAUGH AT
THE LAW
Commit Depredations
Under the Noses of
the Police.
City Hall Officials Cannot!
Protect Their Own
Property.
John Holland, a Southern Pat- |
rol Wagon Driver, the
Latest Victim.
ROGUES ROB A RESIDENCE
They Get Away With Five Hundred
Dollars' Worth of
Jewelry.
Glaring instances are being brought
to light tending to show that the crim
inal element is growing bolder with the
winter season. The police attribute this
apparent defiance of the law to the in
flux of strangers attracted by the Jubi
lee and are confident that they can keep
evil doers in check.
Nevertheless a daring burglar, whose
Identity is unknown, last night visited
the City Hall and, breaking open a
locker in which was stored the cloth
ing of the patrol- wag' m drivers, got
away uith a $50 overcoat belonging to
John Holland, who drives the Southern
Station wagon. The lockers, which are
used by the patrol-wagon drivers, are
situated opposite the Southern Station
and are under the very noses of the
police.
Shortly after 6 o'clock last evening
Holland was sent on a run, and when
he returned a short time afterward he
was surprised to find that his locker
had been broken open and his valuable
overcoat taken. A young man was
seen leaving the hall with something
bulky under his coat, and it is supposed
that he was the thief. Several weeks
ago the same locker was forced open,
and an overcoat an<J a hat belonging
to another driver was stolen.
As if to furnish another instance of
the prevalence of this species of crime
C. M. Converse, who lives at 1431 Oak
Btreet, reported to the police last night
that burglars entered the house last
Monday afternoon and stole a miscella
neous assortment of Jewelry, valued at
$." The family were absent at the
time, having left the house to view the
parade. "When they r* turned several
hours later they were surprised to find
one of the panels in the front door
broken. A large cobble-stone was ly
ing on the front Btoop, and judging
from the ragged hole in the door Mr.
Converse is convinced that the burglars
broke the panel with the stone. They
then reached in and unlocked the door.
After gaining an entrance the burg
lars forced open bureau-drawers and
closets and even cut open several mat
tresses, so determined were they not
to overlook anything of value. Mr.
Converse has furnished the police with
a description of the stolen property,
and every effort is being made to ap
prehend the burglars.
r>n the same day an attempt was
made to enter a residence at 1427 Gol
den Gate avenue, but the burglars were
frightened <-ff by a servant.
LATEST MOVE OF
REV. C. O. BROWN
He Will Speak in Metropolitan
Temple Next Sunday
Evening.
The Star Sensationalist Not Yet Ready
to Retire From Public
Gaze.
The Rev. C. O. Brown, who has never
been known to do anything that was
not sensational, is now about to make
his appearance before the public In a
new role. Last Monday evening he
created a sensation by appearing be
fore the Bay Conference with a con
fession — or, as he termed it, an admis
sion that a portion of the charges
against him was well founded, and
appealed for mercy. The mercy was
not gTanted, however, and the impres
sion went abroad that he would quietly
make his bow and disappear from the
public stage.
But those who made that guess are
entitled to "a few more thinks," as re
tiring to a life of obscurity or even
leaving the city without making
a public appearance is appar
rently about the last thing Dr.
Brown would think of doing, and
he now publicly announces his inten
tion of appearing at Metropolitan Hall
on Sunday evening next, at which time
and place he will make another
confession — not to a select assemblage
of pastors, but to any and all comers.
When interviewed by a Call repre
sentative yesterday Dr. Brown spoke
as follows:
"I shall speak next Sunday evening
NEW TO-DAY.
RED^
ROUGH
Itching, scaly, bleeding palms, shapeless nails,
and painful linger ends, pimples, blackheada,
oily, mothy akin, dry, thin, and falling hair, itch-
Ing, scaly scalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
with Cuticura Soap, and gentle anointings
with Cuticura (ointment;, the great skin care.
(uticura
I« «014 throughout the world. Porrra Dkcs *»» Chkm.
Coup., Sol* Prop»., Roiton.
(£J* ■■ How to Produce Soft, White Hand!," tree.
ITCHING HUMORS XSLSSJf
in Metropolitan Hall at 8 o'clock by the
invitation and advice of many people.
My theme will be the "Wages of Sin."
It is not my expectation to find any
condition of things that will flatter
human pride. I came to this city to do
an unpleasant duty, and a portion of
that duty I owe to the whole com
munity."
"What do you think of the interviews
that appeared in the several morning
papers this morning with reference to
your public acknowledgment?"
"I am extremely gratified, as in the
nature of things I would be, that the
most prominent members of the Green
street church can feel so kindly toward
me under these trying circumstances.
Mr. and Mrs. Stone and Mr. and Mrs.
Hanson are among the leading mem
bers of my Chicago church. When I
came to San Francisco I fully expect
ed to go away from this city without a
friend. On the contrary, I have been
met with the greatest cordiality, and
men who have opposed me m<>st
strenuously have invited me to their
homes and I have availed myself and
shall avail myself of those invitations.
"What calling do you expect to pur
sue hereafter?"
"It is impossible for me at present to
say. I am as much in the dark on
that subject as you are. I <!o not know
where I shall find work nor what the
work will be. Of course I must find
something soon, because my moans are
reduced. 1 am willing to do anything
that is honorable for the support of
my family."
There was a division of opinion at
the meeting of the Bay Conference at
which Dr. Brown was expelled from
membership, and the opposing factions
nre contending as to whether he shal!
be expelled from the ministry or be re
instated in case he should show a spirit
of true Christian repentance. The ver
dict simply excludes him from affilia
tion with the churches of this coast.
The Ecclesiastical Council <»f Chicago
which has accepted Dr. Brown into its
fold is the only body that can Rive the
decree of expulsion and it now lies with
that organization to decide whether he
shall be received back into the folds it
made an outcast.
SEWED HIS LIP TO HIS NOSE.
Some Startling Experiments in the State of Self-Induced Hypnotism,
Professor P. A. Bernard of Dcs Moines, lowa, clearly demonstrated to the mind of evrry person present at
the San Francisco College of Buggestlve Therapeutics last evening that the administration of an anesthetic for
the performing of a MirglcaJ operation is totally unnecessary. He did this by throwing himself into a self-induced
state of hypnosis, thus producing anesthesia, and submitting to such surgical tests as completely removed all
doubts as to his utter lack of any feeling -while in that state. Professor Bernard was assisted in his exhibitions
by Drs. D. McMillan ami Bemple Turm.in of the college.
The occasion was the formal opening of the fourth course of demonstrations in hypnotism. Profesßor
Bernard lias only recently come to San Francisco, He is connected with the college in the Instruction of trained
occultism, which Is an exemplification of the work of Eastern adeptship. Under this head is included the whole
range of pyscbologlcal, physiological, cosmlcal, physical and spiritual phenomena. ' The exhibition was the first
of its kind evt-r given in Ban Francisco or west of Denver. In the exhibition of scientific hypnotism Professor
Bernard was assisted by E. Mansfield Williams, who acted as his subject in his various tests. Mr. Williams
is a professional subject of world-wide fame, having worked for such famous hypnotists as Demonco of Paris,
Temple of Now York, Gregowictz of Russia, Palmer of London and Albert of Bombay, India. Professor Ber
nard himself has been associated with Burns and Gribble, Johnstone and Hamati of Beyruth, Syria, in Turkish
Asia.
Before beginning his exhibition of self-induced hypnosis Professor Bernard said that he was willing to submit
to any test that was within the bounds of human reason, and that could be found in any book on hypnotism
He also stated that he was the only man in this country that could of his own will produce upon himself a
state of anesthesia. Speaking of the occult sciences he said that In many of Its branches It was unlawful for an
adept to practice all the inner mysteries of the human mind that were within his knowledge.
Professor Bernard then sat In a chair and composed himself. In a short time he was asleep Dr McMillan
then took a needle and thread and sewed his ear to his cheek. He next sewed his upper lip to his nose and then
he pulled his tongue out and ran a large hat pin through It. Those present were permitted to examine the test
most closely. After the pin and threads had been removed Professor Bernard awoke. For a few moments he
appeared dazed, but he was soon himself. The towel that he had placed around his neck was saturated with
blood, but he declared that he felt no pain or soreness in his face. This sleep on the part of Professor Bernard
was purely voluntary and self-induced.
Next followed his own experiments upon his subject. They were truly wonderful v an exhibition of scientific
hypnotism. In producing Bleep upon his own subject Professor Bernard uses the telepathic rather than the phy
sical suggestion. He operates quickly and smoothly. Every one present was thoroughly convinced of the genu
ineness of every thing witnessed.
j There is an element in the Bay Con
ference that believes that Dr. Brown
having confessed and professed repent
ance is entitled to be received back into
the fold, and certain strong friends of
his are now working in that direction.
Had the matter come to a vote of the
j individual members on Monday evening
it is probable that the decree of expul
sion would not have been recorded
■ against him.
The action of the majority in voting
j that his fate be placed in the hands of
a committee changed the trend of af
fairs and made the final decision a mat
; ter for future consideration.
The Japanese forger.
An application was made to Judge Mor
row yesterday for a writ of habeas cor
pus on behalf of the Japanese Oyama
Kenichi. who was arrested on his arrival
here on a cablegram from England on
the request of the Japanese Government,
Kenichi being charged with having ob
tained 15,000 yen by means of forgery.
The writ was ordered issued, returnable
to-morrow. The application for the writ
set forth that the complaint on which h<
was arrested does not show a suffi
cient state of facts to show that an of
fense agalnsi the .aws of Japan had
been committed.
Cure your cold with Low's Horehound
Cough Syrup; price 10c. 417 Sansome st. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1898.
PISHING THE
RAILROAD
IN ASIA
Progress of Work on
the Great Russian-
Siberian Line.
Pending Completion of the
Road the Amoor River
Is Available.
Vladivostok Is Destined to Be
come the Commercial Me
tropolis of Eastern Asia.
TRADE WITH THIS CITY.
Russia Can Now Move Troops Across
the Continent From Mo6cow to
the Pacific Ocean.
Russell L. Dunn, a mining engineer,
who has traveled extensively in Siberia
as the representative of a mining syn
dicate in France, arrived from the Ori-
TORTURED WHILE ASLEEP.
ent day before yesterday on the steam
ship Coptic. Mr. Dunn left Vladivo
stok recently, but when asked yester
day concerning the number of Rus
sian troops at that garrison replied:
"1 did not try to ascertain the num
ber, and If I knew I would not say
anything about my knowledge of the
strength of the garrison as I expect to
return to Russia. Vladivostok is a
fine city of 30,000 inhabitants and is
rapidly growing. The improvements
are of fine character and the merchants
are enterprising and prosperous. It is
sure to become a great commercial me
tropolis and the leading city of East
ern Russia. There is no reason why
a large trade between San Francisco
and Vladivostok should not be devel
oped. The ice there obstructs naviga
tion somewhat in the winter, but with
the aid of ice-crushing boats the har
bor can be kept open all the year
round. TVe came out with an ice
crusher."
"Yes, Russia is the dominant power
in the Orient to-day," remarked Mr.
Dunn in response to questions on that
line. "At first glance it seems that
Russia will Russianize China, but the
result may be that China will Mongol-
Ize Russia, The Chinese merchants in
Vladivostok are influential and suc
cessful. Russia is powerful in Man
churia and Korea, and power once
gained by Russia Is never relin
quished."
Mr. Dunn gives an interesting ac
count of the progress it work in the
building of the great Russian Siberian
railroad to connect St. Petersburg and
Vladivostok. It is his belief that the
work on the main line cannot be com
pleted in 1900, but a rail and water
route will be opened for traffic across
the continent or Asia before that yeai
comes. Chelalisk, in the valley of the
eastern slope of the Ural Mountains, is
practically the initial point of the
Trans-Siberian Railroad. The line
which connects that point with St.
Petersburg and Moscow was finished
some years ago. From Che'.alisk east
the road is completed and in operation
to Nijni Ydinsk, a point about 350 miles
from Irkutsk. Much of the track on
the extension to Irkutsk is laid. In
order to complete the main line from
Irkutsk to Vladivostok it will be ne
cessary to build nearly two thousand
miles of railway. In going from St.
Petersburg to a point near Irkutsk. Mr.
Dunn was eleven days in the railway
car. He said of the Journey: "We
were going all the time, night and day.
and we seemed to be going at a fair
rate of speed, but I was eleven days on
the rail."
The railroad now in operation from
Vladivostok 660 miles north to the
Amoor River is not part of the main
line of the Russian Siberian Railroad,
but it is the only available route now
for travel between Vladivostok and
Russia and Europe.
The traveler (leaving Vladivostok for
St. Petersburg or Moscow goes by rail
north for 660 miles and there connects
with steamer on the Amoor River. The
river is one of the largest in the world,
being navigable 1500 miles above the
point where the railroad strikes the
stream. The head of navigation is a
place called Strelinsk, distant TOO miles
from Irkutsk. A vast deal of heavy
work has been done in building a rail
road from the head of navigation on
the Amoor across mountains to Ir
kutsk. American methods of construc
tion are employed. By decree of the
Czar ail the rails used are of Russian
manufacture. Many of the locomo
tives in use are of American make.
Perhaps within a year the railway
will be completed from the head of
navigation on the Amoor to Irkutsk,
and at the latter place connect with the
main line of the Russian Siberian Rail
way. As the main line is extended
eastward from Irkutsk and westward
from Vladivostok connection will be
made with a road building: in Manchu
ria to connect Port Arthur with the
Russian system of roads.
Troops can now be moved in small
detachments across the continent from
Russia in Europe to the Pacific Ocean.
The Amoor River is open from April
to September. The stream carries such
a large volume of water that there is
no hindrance to navigation during the
open months of the year. As the gap
is being closed rapidly between Irkutsk
and the head of the river navigation on
the Amoor the marching distance is
being correspondingly lessened. Rus
sia will soon be in position to move
large bodies of troops from Moscow
and St. Petersburg to vulnerable places
Of >v»- omnira on the Pacific.
NEW TO-DAY.
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
i O O
° \i — /r^fo"> cpn^r? v^»v(ciN t^\ vs\ r*n q r? , o
O ' L) v 2/ l?o if lr\3 ISi W w^J {£& «^* o
I (vi^W^if'V I\\ r i
I ' V&V PERHAPS '^^^'^r~J I
o 'yj f> YOU CAN SAVE BY BUYING W, I •• '> S
% A /,^ N PART OF YOUR OUTFIT OF * , %
%'» m . -MALE'S. — 'A S
o /^: o
g '-^ vV Exclusive Klondike supply dealers carry many things g
o that can be purchased here. On such merchandise we confidently o
assure you a snug saving if you will investigate our prices. g
o o
O LA -P^^ T WOOL . HOSE FOR | FLANNELETTES— A good, warm. CREAM WHITE MOIRE RIBBON— Q
_ KLONDIKE— Plain gray, very ! wearable flannelette. In pretty pat- A^c* Feather edge. These reductions are Just _
v soft and warm and heavy, ribbed QS r i terns, light or dark colors: begin- *T%\-> as we say they are: O
2 waJk in an<l tOe " : eaBX tO Pair nlng " da> ' Yard No: 7 (IK inch) reduced from 10c to 5c yd O
O <"«■»" ™ lr No. 9 (1% inch) reduced from 12^c to 7^4c yd Q
O LADIES' FINE WOOL HOSE- FOUR AND A HALF POUND GRAY No 12 < 2 lnch) redUCed frOm 15c tO Bl * yd O
O Gray or black, an extra heavy, BLANKETS— SO pairs of big, thick * • _
~" all wool ribbed stocking, with CA^ j warm, heavy fellows, full of wear JQ.9.1 EXTRA HEAVY DRESS GOODS — O
O double heels and toes; warm as OvF^ and honest value, 62x80 Inches; begin- v -*« 46 inch cheviot in 2 styles; this is q
O toast and soft, yet wearable Pair i nlns to-day Pair a. good, serviceable fabric that PZf\r if
(Only 60 Dairs w'll b« sold at this never sold for less than 75c; toUvw O
O LADIES' KLONDIKE UNDER- (Only 60 pairs will b« sold at this close _ Yard ' ft
rt WEAR— lamb's wool, gray ! v ' "
O or white, plain or shaped, a fine, _. „,. „.„ '1.2 „«. - ■„., O
Q warm garment, pure sanitary. *|5O Practical Arctic Blankets for Klondike. The ** c are snowing some very heavy Klon-
cold proof and wearable; shirts '• I best to be had Is the cheapest. We ask com- dike Bloomer Suitings. V
O or drawers -_^-^ Garment. I parlson. EXTRA HEAVY DRESS GOODS— 5
n I P arlBon - EXTRA HEAVY DRESS GOODS—
w LADIES' KLONDIKE UNION We find one of our best dollar O
O SUITS — Pure wool, gray or black. "FRUIT OF THE LOOM" PILLOW mohairs, will be too heavy to^S/* Q
Oa closely knit garment of heavy tQ.SO CASE MUSLIN'— 4S Inches wide, the Q/, carry over the winter season, 90 COW *»
Saxony yarn, flat finished seams; >** kind we sell at 12c yard- beginning <7v inches wide; to close - Yard O
© warm as toast Suit to-day for clearance Yard rt
X EXTRA HEAVY DRESS GOODS— v
O LADIES' WOOL UNDERWEAR— " Our 44x50 inch granite suitings, O
q Gray, very heavy, plain r "" T'f^r* WHITE FINISHING BRAID— A spe- K» fold for 75c and 90c yard: they are BTK/-» -»
I X shaped, silk bound; a good, warm I t/v cial clearing sale begins to-day; * Ov all wool and very heavy: to-day UOv t*
I O garment Garment and 6 yards to a piece Piece they go on sale to close at........ Yard ©
If HALE BROS., Inc., 937=945Market St. 1
0000000000000000000000000 0000000 ooooooooboooooooooooooo
WINE MEN
DISAGREE
They Threaten aCut-Rate
War in California
Wines.
Redundant Vintage of Last Year
Is the Cause of the
Dispute.
President Crocker of the Winemakers'
Corporation Talks About
the Trouble.
An overflooded wine market has been
the cause of much discussion and no
end of dissension between the mer
chants and the producers of the State
and is responsible for the rumor that
wine would be hereafter placed on the
market at a reduction of 4 cents on the
gallon.
That wines have depreciated in value
since the redundant crops of the 1897
vintage were thrown on the market is
acknowledged by every merchant in
the city, but not one will acknowledge
that the trouble now at issue between
the California Wine Association and
the California Wine Makers' Corpora
tion relative to a reduction of the price
of wine has been prompted by a spirit
of animosity, but all say it is a natural
decline in the value of wine which
compels the former association to de
mand a reduction from the producers.
This they have refused to give and de
clare that if necessary they will go to
war with the association in order to
preserve the present standard of prices,
which range from 13 to 15 cents per
gallon.
Henry S. Crocker, president of the
Wine Makers' Corporation, expressed
his views and gave his opinion and so
lution of the present difficulty as fol
lows:
"The corporation of which I am the
president and representative head is
organized for the purpose of disposing
of the products of California wine pro
ducers without a middleman profit
and solely to the advantage of these
producers.
"Whether the wine merchants or the
California Wine Association think they
are in the right when they stoop to the
absurd folly of endeavoring to cause a
reduction in the price of wines mat
ters little to the corporation, because
such a reduction cannot possibly affect
the producers enrolled in its member-
ship.
"Such men as Percy T. Morgan of the
California Wine Association and Mr.
Jacoby of the firm of Lachman & Ja
coby and a few others arrogate to
themselves the fact that they control
the wine output of the State and can
therefore dictate to the producers the
price that shall be placed on the pro
duction of their vineyards.
"I have no personal enmity against
the individual wine merchants of the
city or the members of the California
Wine Association," said Mr. Crocker,
"but still as the representative and
president of the Makers* Corporation I
think my position demands that I
should say something in defense of the
producers' interests by taking a firm
stand apainst their oppressors."
Although Mr. Crocker expresses in
difference as to the movements of the
(Balifornia Wine Association and their
endeavor to cut prices of wine, he nev
ertheless exhibits considerable appre
hension as to whether these merchants
intend to institute the threatened rate
war. His characterization of the in
dividual members of the California
Wine Association and his pungent re
marks in the allusion to the association
as a whole indicate plainly that he
places some credence in the reports of
a contemplated reduction, and, also,
that the California Wine Association is
a power in the community.
"It seems absurd that an organization
which in my estimation is depreciating
in financial resources daily should pre
sume to dictate to the wine producers
of this State the proper price at which
The fac-simile /iff /Iff* .?"** is on every wrapper
signature of C&//zJ<£u6J*4t& of CASTORIA
they shall sell and dispose of their
wines to the consumers.
"That this organization is on the
downward path can readily be seen by
observant men in this business; and
this little passing: episode of Mrs. Koh
i ler's insolvency is sufficient proof that
! things in this association are not what
j they should be.
"I believe this woman has been either
bunkoed into accepting stock, the
j value of which was exaggerated, or
j that the association since Mrs. Kohler
I joined it has been steadily on the de
j cline."
"When Mrs. Kohler joined this asso
1 ciation," he continued, "she was told
that in exchange for the plant and
, stock of the firm of Kohler & Frohling
'she was to receive 40.000 shares in the
new organization which represented,
she was told, $100 a shar», par value.
She is now informed that her entire in- ,
terest in the association amounts to !
but $150,000. and I doubt whether she
could realize this sum in case of the
; disposal of her entire stock.
"Despite this enormous deprecia-
I tion in the value of the stock the man-
agers presume to dictate prices to pro
ducers, threatening them with boycott
unless they comply with their orders.
"This is the most absurd specimen of
business tact I ever heard of," said
Mr. Crocker, "and I think the origina
tors of the 4-cent reduction are
fools."
And thus the merry war goes on, and
it is a matter of conjecture at present
who will win out in thr> end. as the
California Wine Makers' Corporation
avers that it is in the right, and the
wine association people will not admit
that they are in the wrong.
As it is an inevitable and indisputa
ble fact that when two factions wage
war and wrangle over the same bone, a
I third party is going to be the gainer by
| their dispute, the point at issue just
at present is, who is going to derive the
benefit of this dispute and carry off the
bone of contention? Sympathy seems
to be on the side of the producer.
CAREW ELECTED
VICE-PRESIDENT
The Board of Education Chooses
a Second Presiding
Officer.
It Was Decided to Have No Vaca
tion During Next
March.
The Board of Education elected a
vice-president last evening in the per
son of Director Thomas R. Carew. Di
rector Waller made the nominating
speech, in which he referred to the
nominee as a tried and true war horse
who was entitled to the honor offered
him.
Director Head nominated Director
Hammond for the office, but the latter
gracefully declined, and Mr. Carew's
election was made unanimous.
It was decided to dispense entirely
with the week's vacation that is usually
given the schools in March.
The principals of the various schools
were instructed to prepare appropriate
! ceremonies for Friday, February 11, in
! honor of Lincoln's birthday.
Recommendations of the committee
on secondary education were adopted,
as follows:
That F. H. McAullffe be transferred
from the Powell High School to the Hum
boldt Evening School; that Miss D. Moran
be assigned as special teacher of cook
ing to the Irving Scott and Horace Mann
schools.
The committee on elementary educa
tion made the following recommenda
tions, which were adopted:
That Miss Evelyn R. Manning
of the day substitute class be appointed
a probationary teacher in the depart
ment and assigned to the Barrington Pri
mary School; that Miss F. Davis of the
day school substitute class be appointed
a probationary teacher in the department
and assigned to Miss Burnett's class at
the Sutro Primary School, Miss Burnett
being on leave of absence; that a new re
ceiving class be formed in the Webster
Primary School and that Miss Alice
Lynch be assigned to said class; that Miss
A. L. Hornsby of the unassigned list be
transferred to a class in the Webster
Primary School; that Miss M. M. Rich
ards be transferred from the H.ntst
Grammar School to the Burnett School;
that Miss M. Fairweather of the Burnett
School be transferred to the charge of ■
class in the Hearst Grammar School;
that Miss Julia McDonald ami Mls3
Hawkins be appointed to th.> <li\ Mhool
substitute class: that Miss KopUUB of the
Hamilton Grammar School be trans
ferred to the Golden Gate Primary
School: that Miss Julia Kennedy-, a pro
bationary teacher of the Golden Gate
School, be transferred to a class In the
Le Conte Primary School; that Miss
Levingston. a probationary teacher, be
transferred to a class in the Irving Scott
Primary School from the Le Conte Pri
mary School: that Miss Shaw of the Ir
ving Scott School be transferred to a
class in the Hamilton Grammar School;
that Miss J. Frank, a probationary teach
er, l.c assigned to the charge of a class
t in the Park Primary School from the
| day substitute class.
The committee on evening schools
recommended the following transfers,
Miss M. O'Neil from Humboldt to
Lincoln; Miss M. Walsh from Lincoln to
Humboldt; Miss M. Sabins from substi
tute list to Washington: Miss M. O'Malley
from the suhstitute list to the Business
Evening; Miss Alecia Campbell from the
substitute list to Rincon; Miss L. R.
Beck from the substitute list to Horace
Mann; Miss H. V. Brennan from una»
Signed list to Fairmount; D. Lambert
from unassiprned list to Hearst Evening
School: Miss May Mooney, Miss E.
Kyne, Miss Martha Loewi and Miss Ellen
C. Games were elected to the evening
school substitute list.
The committee on qualifications of
teachers made a recommendation that
the following teachers, having served
their probationary terms, be elected
| regular teachers in the department:
Miss Kate P. Spalding, Miss Jennie B.
Hinds, Miss Ida M. Perl, Miss M. Soulo,
Miss Margaret Bailie.
The report was adopted unanimously.
The buildings and grounds commit
tee, by resolution, was limited to the
expenditure of $600 per month for laDor
for the remainder of the fiscal year.
The supply committee was limited to
$400 per month.
The Upper Rhine is open to naviga
tion about 200 days a year.
NEW TO-DAY.
BS iflEsS v sS!
bh ■rarr H Si Hfi I I fiaa'
DON'T STOP TOBACCO bmiel»*iy and rack th»
Barrel. Tak* BACO-CUEO. the only cmr* while
tiling tobacco. Write for proofs of cam. 60a. or
1.00 boxes; 3 boxes (guaranteed core) $5.80. At
Druggists, or of m. EUREKA CHEMICAL AND
ItNF». CO.. La Cross* W:r
Redlngton & Co.. . general distributor*.
KLONDIKE
COLD
HUNTERS
And mothers and fathers of families who
stay at home will each find we can fit them
out with groceries at less cost than any
other store on the Pacific Coast.
GREAT SPECIALS FOR 3 DAYS.
HAMS, per Ib. ----.- lie
Finest Eastern.
Regular price. 13c.
O.K. BOURBON, 75c; 3 bottles $2.00
Gallon $3.00
Age and purity guaranteed.
Regular price. $1 and $4.
LUCCA OLIVE OIL -• . -qt. bot. 59c
Imported from Italy.
Regular price, 60c.
TABLE RAISINS, per lb. - ■ - 10c
4-crown layers.
Regular price, 20c.
SCOTCH WHISKEY - - qt. bot. 80c
The celebrated MacalUster Brand.
Just the thing for cold weather.
Regular price, $1 23.
RANCH EGGS • _-_- - 25c per doz.
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Catalogue free. Particular attention
given to mail orders.